ENTS.
NEW.YORK. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1871 PRICE FOUR C
a
aribune,
etTArl TT VY NO. "RO
New

FOREIGN NEWS.
or’ PRINCE OF WALES—THE CASE OF Hi.
SCHENCK.
THE “FRINGE SKF CWA If I Yoo
SCHENCK.
Loxpox, Wednesday, Dec. 20, 1871.
The bulletin from Sandringham this morn
tng states that the Prince of Wales had a Very quiet
night. The course of his recovery is uninterrupted aud
nie condition is quite satisfactory to his physicians.
After to-day the}morning and evening bulletins of the
Prince's health will be discontinued, and only one bul
Jetin will be published each day at noon. Queen Vietoria
has received the congratulations President Thiers on the
recovery of the Prince of Wales from his dangerous
imess.
The English journals, while expressing no opinion as
to the merits of the case, regret the difficulty into which
the American Minister, Mr. Schenck, has fallen, and cite
as precedents the cascs of other embassadors, notably
that of the Duke of Baidanba, who, while Minister of
Portugal to a foreign power, was permitted to engage in
private speculations.
The London journals e xpress admiration at the manner
fn which the American press have been supplied, from
day to day, with news of the illness of the Prince of
Wallen,
ee
FRANCE.
RELIGIOUS PQUALITY INSURED—TIIE COMMUNIST
TRIALS.
TRIALS.
Paris, Wednesday, Dee. 20, 1871
A deputation of French Protestants had an
mterview to-day with President Thiers, who received
them with affability and promised that religious equality
should be maintained.
The work of trying the Communist [prisoners is pro
cecding as fast as possible, and additional courts are to
be created, the more rapidly to digpoee of the remaining
eases. Upto the prescut day 14,378 persons bave been
tried; of these, 2,022 have been convicted and seutenced,
and 12,556 have Lecn discharged.

ANOTHER MINISTERIAL CRISIS—SAGASTA FORM
ING A NEW CABINET.
MADRID, Wednesday, Dec. 20, 1971.
The members of the Malcampo ministry
have tendered their resignations to the King. 1t was
first reported that Sefor Zorrills would undertake the
formation of new ministry, but it is now known that
the t.<k has been iutrusted to Sefior Bagasta. The
latter had not, up to noon to-day, succeeded in com
pleting the Cabinet. 3He offered four portfolios to Zorrilla
and lis supporters, but they were refused. The crisis
CONMLILN S,
tl
THE NEW DOMINION.
A NFW CADRINET IN ONTARIO.
Toronto, Dee. 20.—The mew Cabinet of
Ontario consists, so far, of E. Blake, President of the
(ouncil and Premier; A. McKenzie, Provincial
Reerctary; A. McKillar, Commissioner of Agriculture,
Imwigration, and Public Works; Adam Crooks, At
torneyv-General. The Treasurer and Commissioner of the
Crown Lands have not yet been appointed.
MARINE DISASTERS ON THE NOVA SCOTIA COAST.
HALIFAX, Dec. 20.—Letters from Ingonighe,
Cape Breton, confirm the loss of the Faugual, from Mon
trea), bound to Cork. On the 0tb inst., a party of fisher
men fell in with the remains of the wreck, between
Neal's HHarhor and Ingonishe, One unknown hedy was
found. Efforts are being made to discover other bodies,
The schooner John Mitchell was also lost in the gale.
The crew were all saved, The French schooner Ripple,
from Syduey for Newfoundland, was wrecked at the Bay
of Islands. The schoouer SV. Coonan of Halifax, on
Ler way from St. Pierre, was driven back by the heavy
gale, and wrecked on the islands at the entrance of Rt.
Pi rre harbor. The crew were brought here in the Stella
Mara. The brig Brother, from Bristol, put into Rhel
bourne for repairs on the 7th, She reports having seen
a slip on fire. Bore down and lay by her three hours,
saw no one eu board, aud fopnoecd the crew had been
taken off. The schooner My Cousin, from Xenia, Bpain,
witu fruit, which was given ub as lost, has arrived, hav
ing been badly damaged by the gale. She was 92 days
ovut.
ee ee
RELIEF TOR CHICAGO—EXCESSES OF STUDENTS—
THE PARAGUAYAN PEACE ADJUSTMENT.
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
Rio pe Javeigo, Nov, 25.—I must be per
mitted to wake some reference to Chicago, though late
fn the Cay perhaps. A European steamer first brought
us the startling news of the fire, We were incredu
lous, and waited with anxiety the arrival of the Ameri
can gteamer. At last the Merrimac came, and then,
trom the overflowing journals and private correspond
ence, we learned the full extent of this terrible disaster.
Our energetic Minister, the Hon, James RR. Partridge, at
once iseued a call to the American residents of Rio, tu
viting them to meet him on the 20th inst. at the rooms
of the U. 8. Consulate “to devise some measures of re
lief in aid of the sufferers.” At that meeting, attended
by the leading Americans of Rio, resolutions were passcd
«nd a committee appointed.
The Committee immediately went to work, and, al
thouch the number of Americans here 18 very gmall, the
result has been fur beyond our expectations, Our Min
{xter, who personally has been most active in the mat
ter, forwarded by the Merrimac, to-day, nearly $8,000
tn gold as mainly the contribution of American resi
dents in Rio, though it includes the sum of $400, the
product «f a benefit generously offered by Chiarini's
Equestrian Troupe, now performing ere. The officers
and crew of tne flag-ship Lancaster are also making up a
eontribution, which I am told wil! ba very bandeome.
Bowe of the old tars even growled because they were
pot allowed to give more. Thus you may see that the
wave of f3pathy has even reached this distant part,
and I aw sure it will roll on and on until it has encircled
the globe, touching at every spot where Americans have
wade thelr home,
Iu my last letter I told yon romething of the excite
wert rong the law and medical stadente iu conseguence
of the lustitution of ore rigorous exwuinations, The
ehmax was resched a fow days aco, when the students
of the Medica) Schoo! in this capital repaired to the lee
ture-room (at the call of the faculty) and, instead of gud
mitting to exwningtion, which the Government bad
ordered to bein that day, proceeded to break np
the furnitare and destroy the philosophical apparatus
and other vaoper'y Yelongue to the institntion, Troops
were ordorod to the spot to protect the building and the
#tndenis wore dispersed, The examinations were
Lee sary postponed; but the Government, now
aroused and wore obstinate than ever, prowptly
disiniamd one of the chief police officials for
dereliction of duty, and ordered the exam
tuations “to proceed anew, These began yesterday,
and a mijonty of the students, already alarmed at the
position into which some of their more excited and hot
beaded comrades have pushed them, are begiuming to
repent aud yield, Public opinion condemns strongly their
ate of vandalism, which =o much resemble what oc
eurred in the Law Rchool at San Paulo about a month
8go. that many attribute it directly to the influence of
the Rau Paulo students thewselves, a large number of
who lately arrived bere to consult with their brother
Wwalcontents. What sympathy was originally felt for the
Mludents has all Leen destroyed by this aftair, and it is
Dow hoped that the Government will institute such regu:
lations as to insure a degree of faithful study and respect
able attainments, at least from those upon whom de
grees will be hereatter conferred in the professional
achools of Brazil.
(ew. Mitre, the ex-President of the Argentine Repub
bie, In still here, receiving attentions snd honors row the
Brarilave. It was thought at first that he Lad come
bere 10 succeed Gen. Pauners (who died suddenly
SUR8 Ste Hautman io the position of Minister and
dociared Lot 1 be the 8 that Republic; but such was
Ove Ue Tomah of re, but that he had come to re
under prouliar circum %0n, who died here not Jong 8go
in tle sawe hotel where hiv $e.at presen residing
Tg son committed suicide.
The Hon. R. C. Kirk, our late Minister to the
Arzenting Republic, passed through here yesterday
¢n route to the United Btates by the way of Europe.
The Paraguayan Peace Adjustment hag hud anotiicr
and quite unexpected hitch. The represe
Allied Powe n ntatives of the
re were all appointed, snd soon afterward
arrived at Assumption. They formally wet and
ebauged credentials, and then were met b ud. 3.
tou from Mr. Rivarola, the President of Poa PRopesl
character so peculiar and so entirely unlookeg.t, Jyoti a
the honorable representatives (and especial) ut that
from Brazil) are said to have held op thelr nthe one
stared at cach other in blank astonishment. sda and
sition of Rivarola was simply this: Ip tead of Propo
he Covigress (that Is, the Allies) to go In and divide Par
AEUSY 0 Bult Lhpynsnl vos, be Proposed 10 Lave the mas
GREAT BRITAIN.
SPAIN.
BRAZIL.
ter submitted to arbitration, and suggested that the
United Btates should be the arbiter. Nothing has yet
been heard from the Brazilian Government upon tho
matter, though it is safe to say that such an isene to
their efforts at adjustment of peace (or, more strictly
speaking, the boundary limits) was hardly anticipated.
The official journal of this Government stated, in its
issue yesterday morning, that the Russian Graud Duke
Alexia would visit Brazil after completing hls tour
through the United States.

HOW JAY GOULD APPEARS IN THE LIGHT OF
JUDGE BLATCHFORD'S DECISION WHAT
JUDGE JAMES DECIDED.
The full reports in Tne TRIBUNE of the dif
ferent combinations against the Erie Ring, and the flat
tering prospects of their epeedy success, have attracted
much attention in financial and legal circles, and havo
elicited numerous assurances of appreciation from all in
terested in secing the great interests involved once more
in honest hands. By the decision of Judge Blatchford,
published yesterday, in the Heath and Raphael litiga
tion, the skillfully-devised plan of the Erie Directors to
prevent legitimate combination on the part of the own
ers of the road for the protection of their property has
been effectually defeated, so far as concerns that portion
of the stock which was daringly seized and
retained by the present Directors for their
own purposes, The fact that the return of
the shares has been ordered, and that Mr. Gould
was wholly unable to establish his right of ownership to
a single one of them {is full of significance when consid
ered fn connection with the other fact, developed in evi
dence before Master-in-Equity White, that, by Mr. Gould's
direction, the entire 60,000 shares were vc 2d on at tho
last election by the receiver, for the purpose of main
taining the present administration in office, in deflance
of the well-known wishes of the real owners of the stock.
From the observations which the Judge in his decision
thought proper to make upon the numbers of the oertifi
cates representing tho stock claimed by Mr. Gould, and
the rep -tition of several items in the furnished list, it
appears that Mr. Gould's conception of his own
rights in respect to the etock he owns is subjeet
to the same confusion which characterized his descrip
tion before the Master of his rights in respect to the last
feane of convertible bonds.
Capitalists tempted by the eyren song of Erie brokers,
who are trying to find a market for their new bonds,
should remember that the decision of Judge Jammer in
the recent case of John W. Thompson against the Erie
Managers, did not in any way assert the validity of the
new mortgage, althongh the officers of the road have
made such un claim. The decision of the Judge simply
took the ground that the new mortgage would not affect
the rizhts of the holders of preferred stock, and that was
the only point at 188ue.
CONVENTION OF WOOL GROIFERS AND
MANUFACTURERS,
Sri ERA
ORGANIZATION OF THE CONVENTION—STRIKING
ARGUMENTS IN FAVOR OF PROTECTION,
[BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
Syracrse, Dee. 20.—The Joint Convention of
the National Wool Growers’ and Wool Manufactures’ As
sociations, held here to-day, was an important demon
stration. Nearly 250 delegates were present, comprising
the leading wool growers and manufacturers of the
Union. The Western delegates were numerous, and took
a leading part in the proceedings. The Hon. J. Wiley
Edwards, President of the National Association of Wool
Manufacturers, called the Convention to order, Its
estimated that invested capital to the extent of $100,
000,000, involving the employment of a vast number of
people in various capacities, was represented in the
Convention. The Hon, Henry 8. Randall, President of
the National Wool Growers’ Association, presided. The
Vice-Presidents were Messrs. Robinson of Connecticnt,
Harding of Massachusetts, Gibson of Minnesota, Oakes
of New-Jersey, Banford of Vermont, Geddes of New
York, Stevene of Ohio, Garland of Illinois, Archer of
West Virginia, Flint of California, J. Slocum of Peuusyl
vania, and Stilson of Wisconsin. Mr, John L. Hayes,
Secretary of the National Wool Manufacturers’ Associa
tion, was Secretary, with assistants.
The Hon. Henry 8. Randall, who presided, observed
that the Convention was held to give expression to the
sentiments of all interested in the wool industry, in
regard to the tureatened reduction of the wool tariff ot
1567 by Congress. That tariff wae producing the results
expected from it; it proceeded from an arrangement
made between the Wool-growers and manufacturers,
who jointly prepared it with great care, and rendered
it, satisfactory by mutual concessions. Tt has saved the
American wool-growers from ruin, as during the three
years succeeding the war, they fold nearly all their
product at a loss, owing to the overprodue
tion, stimulated abroad by the extensive use
of wool instead of cotton during the Rebel
lion. The need for protection might be judged
from the fact tbat the price of wool during the five years
of the war was only oue cent aud two wills greater than
Auring the 34 preceding years, when the cost of living
was so much less. All that the wool-growers wanted
was a fair tral for the present tanff, and they are, con
Jointly with the manufacturers, determined to maintain
At as it is, believing that such is the interest of tho
nation.
The Hon. George Geddes, ag one largely identified
with the wool, producers of New-York, thanked the
“manufacturers for ftanding squarely to their agreement.
The fears of a change in the tarifl is depressing the wool
industry, in which large sums huve been invested, in
the hope that the duties would remain undisturbed.
The Committee on Resolutions and Adaress, composed
of Mcsers, John L. Hayes, Chairman Roberts Crosby
Miller, F. Robertson, J. McD. Glenn, M. Cossett, B.
Flint, reported a series of resolutions declaring shat the
present tariff on wool and woolens fg as well
adapted as any legislation could he te pro
mote the growth and development of wool
growing and manufacturing, as well as the interest
of consumers, Also, that the wool judustry in all its
branches (8 making rapid strides, and that tha torift pol.
fey adopted with y Rr bilo und tried for four years,
should fo persisted in, and the business arrangeinents
wade in conformity with it should not be disturbed,
The address of the Convention, drawn up by J. I.
Haves, wus Iarkely devoted to tho progress of the
woolen industry, demonstrating ably and conclusively
the value of the protection legislation. It presented wn
statement of the means by which the Joint Committee of
Wool Manufacturers and Wool Growers had arrived at
the conclusions by which they were enabled to recom
mend the present tariff on woolens, It showed that the
policy on which ft was based has been approved by the
nghest economical authorities. The address further
presents, as the most Fparted feature of the tarill on
wools, a system of classification of wools entirely origi
nal, absolutely preventing all frauds, and recognized by
SXJHg m Xutope us the most perfect scientific ¢las
siflcation that had beeu made, Itsbows that the increase
of duties had been the means of saving the sheep hus
bandry from annihilation, under such peculiar condi
tions as wonld have rendered it fmposeible that this
industry could have otherwise survived, and gives the
details fully TdlcMing that position, and shows that
the progress in the development of wool has been from
60,000,000 pounds in 1860 to 178,000,000 in 1868, and that
this progress was the consequence of the Fruteeiive
measures commencing with the Morrill tariff in 1861.
It gives detatls of the gg of wool-growing in Cali
fornia, and shows that the growth of combing wools,
connected with mutton production, had been rapidly
increasing to such an exteht that there 18 reason to hope
that our worsted wills, making dress goods, will be soon
wholly supplied with American wool,
The operation of the tariff policy of the last decade,
including the tariff of 1867, 1a {llustrated in ite bearing
ou the progress of manufacturers. It is shown that un
der the present system the appareutly incousistent ob
jects were reconciled—of {XVlecndn to the American
wool-grower, and the privilege of importing such wools
a8 are not produced here from abroad. The increase of
production of manufactures in the last decale was
shown to be fron $68,000,000 to $175,000,000. Details are
given of the great variety of new fabrics which have
con achieved within the last ten years, and it 18 demon
strated that these fabrics constitute the great bulk of
American consumption, and that they have superseded
foreign fabrice by their cheapness pi exeellence. Btate
ments are also made of the progress of woolen mills at
the Weet, the number Dayiog increased fourfold within
ten years, with the effect of diminishing the price of
clatiiiog to consumers nt the West at leant 60 per cent.
It is declared that the woolen wnanufacture, as a whole,
is proeperous, the ouly depression existing being from
causes independent of the tariff. The principal cause of
such depression as exists is alleged to be from over pro
duction in certain of the older branches of manufacture
which could be relieved only by embarking in new and
higher branches that the petipn obetacle to new en
terprises is the uncertainty as to the continuance of the
present fiviccuve system, in consequence of the agita
tion of the prescut tariff measures, at the instigation of
rival foreigu wanafacturers. Finally, it ls observed
that the most important element of future prosperity is
the continuance of the protective system to all other in
dustries, 80 48 to increase the 8 Jove of the people to
consume the products of domestic Fotucise; and that
this purchasing power aepends mainly on the preserva
tion of policy which should secure to the Working
peuple sdequute rewards for their labor, and continued
and diversi employment.
The resolutions and address were unanimously
adopted, followed by several addresses evinsing intense
earnestness yin favor of malutaining Foie on. Mr.
Flint of California, Messrs. Btephens, President of the
Ohio Wool Growers’ Assveilation; B. Norton of Wis
THE ERIE ROG UES.
etl
consin, A. M. Garland, Reeretary of the Illinois State
Agricultural Bociety Cassitt ofr New-York, George B.
Stebbins of Detroit, Clark of Vermont, and H, Harding
of Boston, all made earnest addresses in favor of the
wool tariff, as it is, and for industrial protection gen
erally. They urged earnest act.on to defeat the con
templated reduction of the wool duties, and challenged
foquiry into public opinian, particularly in the West, On
that Ruin, the Hon, T. Wiley Edmonds, largely identified
with Eastern woolen manufactures, made a statement
as to the beneficial resulta of the present tariff, which
was regarded as of peculiar value, coming as it did from
one of the ablest business men of the country. An im
portant letter from E. B. Bigelow, approving of cordial
union existing between the two interests, was read,
THE DOWNFALL OF TAMMANY.
EE bPL
AR VR BVAA NM VEOVAVTSNY VS AAREe NTFANAAYAT WL Aa
The hasty calling together of the Grand
Jury for a special meeting yesterday caused some anx
fety on the part of people interested in Ring matters.
District-Attorney Garvin eaid that the Jury had been
summoned for consultation on two cases. Judge Bed
ford having personally requested that the charges against
him of fraudulently obtaimng $5,600 from the County
Treasurer should be investigated, and having urged that
the attention of the (irand Jury should be at once di
rected to tho matter, it was considered probable that this
was ono of the two cases; while, in view of the fact of
the Keyser affidavit against Willlam M. Tweed having
been Repared on Tuesday, it was believed that this was
rons ly the second case referred to by Judge Garvin.
0 witnesses were examined, nor were any new indict
ments presented by the Grand Jury, which, at 1j o'clock,
adjourned until to-morrow.
MAYOR fIALL AND THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY.
It was reported yesterday among a few peo
ple suppoeed to be well informed as to the movement
against the Tammany City Government, that a prowl
nent member of the Committee of Seventy waited on
Mayor Hall last week with a draft of a letter of resigna
tion, which the Mayor was requested to sign. After con
sidering the letter, Mayor Hall declined acting upon it
‘until he had consulted his friends; and he was then
warned that unless he decided to accept the proposition
to resign before Tuesday evening, the Committeo of Bev
enty would break off all communication with him, The
resolutions paserd by the Committee of Seventy on Tues
day night were, it is said, the result of the failure of
Mayor Hall to comply with the demaud of the Commit
tee of Seventy. Among politicians it is freely said that
the Mayor's resignation will be sent in within a weok.
CONNOLLY'S CASE.
At a Special Term of the Supreme Court,
held by Judge Learned at Albany yesterday, on motion
of Bamuel G. Courtney, counsel for Richard B. Connolly,
and on the reading and filing of the conscut of the At
torney-General, it was ordered that the order dated Dec.
9, 1871, and filed in the County Clerk's office of the County
of Albany Dee. 18, be amended by adding thereto the fol
lowing: And it is further ordered that that portion of
the order to show cause herein, on motion to vacate the
order of arrest herein, be and the same is hereby dened.”
The order of Dec. 9 above alluded to fs the one reducing
Mr. Connolly’s bail from $1,000,000 to $500,000.
The counsel for Mr, Connolly have not yet served on
the Sheriff Judge Learncd’s order fur the reduction of
their client's bail, and the Eheriff does not expect to re
ceive it until Baturday.
HEENAN DENIES THAT IE 1S A VOUCHER THIEF.
In reference to the reports that an indiet
ment has been found against John C. Heenan, District
Attorney Garvin says that the name of the exprize
fighter has not come before the Grand Jury to his
knowledge, and that he is not aware that any indictment
has been found against him. A cable dispatch from Lon
don states that on the publication of the statement that
warrants had been issued for the arrest of Heenan and
two others for being implicated in the voucher robbery,
Heenan (who is in London) published a card, pro
pouncing the report false. He also visited the oflice of
the Reuter News Company, through which the cable dis
patch was received, and threatened the Company with a
suit for libel for having given publicity to the statement.
AN APPROPRIATE GIFT.
A copy of Vela’s pathetic bronze, The Last
Hours of Napoleon the Great,” was purchased a few
mouths since by Judge Barnard, and presented, ace ording
to authentic reporte, to Willlam M. Tweod as u small
token of admiration and esteem for the many qualities
of the Judge's original Gratz.” Just at present, Mr,
Tweed can contemplate this iicpressive picture of falien
greatness with an appreciation horn of sympathy. The
query naturally suggests itself whether the Jddge, in
selecting so jpecaliany appropriate a present, dimly
foresaw the I PACInR crisis, and could not resist the
temptation to perpetrate an unfeeling, practical joke on
Lis fricud and former associate in the Referee business.
WATCH THE SUPERIOR COURT!
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sr: I understand that the Judges of the
Superior Court, to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock, will
make an effort to perpetuate Tammany rule in the
Clerk’s office of that Court. This 1s done for the pur
pose of preventing the Reform Judges from having
a voice in the administration of the affairs of
that office. Wil you call upon them to
pauso before they take any headlong step In this
way$ Mr.James M. Bweeny has sent In his resignation
he is a fugitive from justice, I believe. His resignation
should pot be accepted until a full investigation of the
affairs of the omice 18 made. This is no time
to trifle with reform. The judges going out should
have more eense of delicacy than to attempt to de
Jive the incoming Judges of a voice In the administra
ion of the affairs of the office. This clerk's oflico wants
overhauling. I hear that an increase of all the salaries of
.the clerks of that court from $1,000 to $2,500 has taken
place, and was dated back some years, sud that
the clerks never received that increase of salary.
These things should be juvesupates, and the Judges of
that Court must not stifle the investigation. The selec
tion should be posthoned till the 1st of dannary to cuable
the new Judges to have gome some voice in tbe adminis
tration of the court, Yours, JURIST,
New-York, Dec. 20, 1571.
THE FUNERAL OF HENRY T. TUCKERMAN.
The funeral services of the late Henry 1he
odore Tuckerman were attended yesterday morning, at
tbe Church of All Souls, by about 600 fricuds of the de
ceased, including nearly all the leading artists and lit
erary men and women in the city. The children from
the Italian Industrial School, to which Mr. Tuckerman
bad been extremely generous, were also present. The
gervices were of the simplest character. Dr. Bellows
offered a short and I prayer, and in his sermon
gave an appreciative sketch of the character and genus
of the deceased, refering to his remarkable modesty, his
large charity, and Chrigtian virtues, and concluding with
an expression of confident hope that he had received
the reward of his pure and blameless life, All present
then passed slowly by the coflin, which was opened so us
to expose the face of the dead, The coflin-plate bore the
juscription: Henry Theodore Tackeran; born Apnil
20. 1819: died Dee, 17,1871" The remains were taken to
Boston. for interment in Mount Auburn Cemetery.
II
ALLEGED MURDERERS LYNCHED BY NEGROES.
Mesmpis, Dee. 20.—A confirmation of the re
port has been received that John I. Sanders, Jusper Du
gan, and Curtis Garrett, confined in Lake City, Chicot
County, Arkansas, for the wurder of the negro lawyer,
Wynne, were, taken out and shot dead by a mob of ne
groes, who then took possession of the town, which they
pow hold. A number of ¢ltizens have fled for safety.
JO
WesTeRLY. R. LL, Dec. 20.—A strike is prevailing
here among the stonecutters About 300 men left Batterson's quarry on
Monday last, having demanded a discharge of six apprentices, which de
mand was refused. Battersen has already pat on 60 new apprentices
that had been kept out by tbe Stovecutters’ Association. Daily meet
ings are held hy the Nociety, and to-day notices were issned warning
stouecutters from coming to Westerly for work. Mr. Batterson bas an
pounced that be will cot employ man who belongs to the Society.
nS
ITI NERS OF PRESIDENT GRANT'S FATH
CINCINNATI, Dec. 20.—Jesse R. Grant, father of the
President. was stricken with paralysis at 1 o'clock this afternoon. He
fell to the floor at the Covington Post-Office, snd remaifed insenmble an
bour. He recovered so far as to be able te sit up aud converse during
the afternoon.

....The Toledo and Saginaw Railroad was opened
Yesterday.
....The Mount Carmel (Penn.) Iron Works were
burued op Tuesday. Fully insured.
....The steamer Zodiac, which ran ashore in Hat
teras Inlet, two weeks since, got sfoat on the 17th inst. with the assistance
of the Revenue steamer Stevens, Lieut. C. A. Abbey, commanding.
....The Controller of the Currency has authorized
the establishment of a national bank at Coshocton, Ubio, with a capital
of $100,000. T. C. Ricketts, Joseph W. Dwyer, and others are directors.
....Calvin Handy, a Baptist clergyman of Straf
ford, Vi., while yassing over the Dover-st. bridge, in Boston, last evea
ing, was kooeked down and robbed of a silver wach and 61,000 i bills.
....Gregorio Peri of Chicago, the Italian saloon
keeper who murdered two men in bls saloon 00 the night following the
fest fre bas been fousd guilty of marder, and sentenced \o the Veal:
tiary for life.
..._ William Hillead, for the Hon. John Morrissey,
has begun a suit, in Cloeinnsdl, for $10,000 against Jobn Kilgour, a
Rrondnent capitalist of that city. It ls supposed to be a gambling debt.
be petition claims that the sum pamed was advanced af the special
request of the defendant.
....The Union Flour Mill, with a carding factory
attached, An be Whpw, end of the Warwish ane in Oswige N. Y., was
burned last evesing. The mill was owned by Randal Ir., ad was
the smallest in he eity. The eanting factory was owned by the Inter
uations] Late Issursace asd Trust Usmpesy, and was leased to Mr.
eTONFCUTTERS' BTRIKE.
rl FGRAPHIC NOTES.
XLIIp CONGRESS—IIp SEssIoN
MORF, WORK THRUST ON THE RETRENCHMWENT
COMMITTEE—THE PRESIDENTS APPOINT=
MENTS MADE A SUBJECT OF INVESTIGATION
—THE LABOR COMMISSION BILL PASSED BY
THF HOILRF.
COMMITTEE—THE PRESIDENTS APPOINT
MBNTS MADE A SUBJECT OF INVESTIGATION
—THE LABOR COMMISSION BILL PASSED BY
THE HOUSE.
(BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
WASHINGTON, Wednesday, Dee, 20,1871.
The Senate was dull to-day, compared with
what it has been for ten days past, though more work
was done than in any week this session. The import
ant bills sent over from the House two or three
days ago, making appropriations for the ex
penses of the Geneva Conference, and for those
of the American and British mixed claims Com
mission, now sitting in this eity, were promptly passed.
Senator Edmunds objected to Garret Davis's resolution
calling for an investigation of the acts of the President
and members of his Cabinet, characterizing It as scan
dalous.” Of course the Democrats introduced this for
no other purpose than to embarrass the Committee on
Retrenchment and Investigation, and get ammunition
for the next political campaign; but it was remarked
that the Benate must not spare even the President in its
new-born zeal for Iuvestigation, if anybody desires to
know how he performs any of his public duties,
The qualificd Amnesty bill came up atl o'clock, accord
ing to previous arrangement, and was debated 3 hours.
genator Morton offered an amendment intended to ex
clude Mr. Vance frown claiming his seat in the Scnate
under the new law, and Senator Sumner gave notice
that he ahiould offer his Civil Rights bill as an amend
ment. The latter proposition led to an animated debate
between the Senator from Massachusetts and Senator
Hill of Georgia. The prevailing sentiment in the Benate
soems to be to pass the bill without amendinent, and an
agreement was made to close general debate onitat4
o'clock to-morTow.
The Democrats in the House have themselves to thank
for the passage of Mr. Hoar's Labor Commission bill to
day. The discussion of the bill on their part was through
out 80 intensely aud unreasonably partisan in its char
acter, that it had the effect fu the end to bring the Re
publicans together in support of the measure, Many of
them were disposed to oppose it at the start, because they
ohjected to the creation of additional offices, and did not
believe anything would be accomplisled by the investi
gation of the proposed Commirsion that could not be at
tained through the Bureau of Statistics, or an Inquiry by
a Congress committee; but, after the Democrats had
abused the Republican party for three days as the
enemy of labor and the friend of capital, the bill
wis made a party measure, and got the united support
of the Republicans with four or five exceptions, Mr.
Campbell of Olio, who 1s fast assuming the leadership
among the Democrats that he exercised among the
Whigs in the House nearly a quarter of a century ago,
opened the debate to-day, and represented rather more
favorably than ho has done before the stock arguments
ofthe Democrats about Republican legislation being ull
for monopolists and capitalists, and foppressive to the
working classes, The present tariff he cited as an exam
ple, and the proposed abolition of the income tax and
the bank tax, while retaining the taxes on hquors and
tobacco, articles used by the masses, was proof, he
claimed, of the continued intention of the Repubiicaus
to oppress the poor, Mr. Bingham made an eloquent
defense of the American system of protecting
labor in reply to the attacks of the
Democrats upon the tariff. He said that the
laboring men who had developed the resources
of the country, and been the architects of their own for
tunes, would langh at the puny etforta to prove that
American legislation oppressed labor, and argued that
from the first legislation abolishing the law of primo
geniture to the present day, legislation In this country
had been in the interest of the laborer. Ie thought no
Commission was necessary to prove this to seusible
Americans, but he would vote for the hill, fn order that
the Communists, Internationals, and such wisguided
people, fresh from tho oppression of European Govern.
ments, and ignorantiy believing the ame oppression ¢x
1sts hicre, might be enhghtened and convinced of ther
error.
The discussion was closed by an interesting debate be
tween Mr. Hoar and Mr. Biggs of Delaware. Mr, Biggs
had revived gowme of the old Southern cant about Massa
chusetts meddling in other people's afluirs, and preach
ing philanthropy, while oppressing her own factory opera
tives; and when Mr, Hoar rose to close the dcbate, he
showed that Mr, Biggs had got some facts ho had nsed
from the report of a Massachusetts Republican Com
mission on labor, which liad been followed
by stringent legislation, to correct the evils of the fac
tory system, He said it would be well if States which
kept their people in ignorance, and punisted erime by
the pillocy und whipping-post, would adopt the Masgit
chusetta system of supporting common schools and
promptly remedying labor evils by legislation. This was
a square hit at Delaware, and brought Mr. Bizges to lis
feet in an excited defense and eulogy of the whipping
fost system. He had never known a man to be whipped
wice, io suid, “Did yon over know a woman to be
whipped twice 1” asked Mr. Hoar. This inguicy ap
parently referred to some fucts known to the Pereware
wember which be did not want to have more fully stated,
and Mr. Hoar closed the discussion with a ditto guiet
and effective sarcasm about the pecullar lustitations of
Delaware,
A motion to recommit the bill was lost—Yeas, 77; Nays,
100. Amendments were then adopted requiring that the
Commissioners should be appointed, without regard to
their political views; thut one of them should be identi
fled with the laborine interest, and that they should hold
office but one year instead of two, os provided In the
original bill. As thus amended the bill was passe. l—=Yeas,
124; Nays, 36,
a———
REGULAR REI'ORT OF PROCEEDINGS,
SENATE 0 WASHINGTON. Dee. 20, 1871,
Mr. Morton (Rep., Ind.) moved to take up
the House bill appropriating $350,000 for the expenses of
the Geneva Commission, Passed.
Mr. MORTON also called up the bill apnropriatinge
$62,000 for the SRpennna of the Mixed Comralssion at
Washington, whic Wi) Pasa.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM (Rep., Conn.) presented a petition
of the women of North Caroling against woman suffrage,
Mr. ANTHONY (Rep, R. L), from the Committee on
Printing, Feported a resolution to Jus 15,000 copies of
the report of the Civil Service Commiission and the accom
panying message, Adopted,
Mr. FENTON (Rep. N. Y.)—Appropriating $350,000 to
provide a hujlding or the use of the Post-Oflice, Cus
tom-House, United States Courts, and Internal Reveuuo
Oflices at Albany.
MORE WORK FOR THE RETRENCHMENT COMMITTER,
Mr. DAVIS (Dew, Ky.) offered a resolution directing
the Committe on Investigniion and Retrenchwent to
ascertain and report on the following subjects:
Whether the President bas, or has hereto’ore had, aus interast, direct
or contingent, in any contracts tw do work for the Uiited States, or 10
furnish mater sl for any puohe building, aod if Le has or Lad any such
futepest, whether it came to bum by purchase or gift; also, whether any
persous have made donations to him, and whether Le has bestowed upon
the donors or their relatives o'feea or places of public trust, and if so,
the names of such persons nd ofees, designating thosa belong g to
each State separated also, whether Le has bestowed offices or places of
public trust apon persons related to himself of to members of ly family,
aud 3 £0, the names of such persons, their relationship to the President,
and the offices or places bestowe! upon them. also, whether there las
been any cortoact, arrangement, or understandiog, by which aay officers
or persous iu the military or naval service of the Ui ted States were to
have any part or interest in any bonds. money, lands or other property,
to be paid on the ratifeaiion of a treaty with the Republic of Nauto
Domingo snd the United States, and if a0. the panes of all
such persous and their counection with the matter; also, whether
the ships or manne forces of the Uuited Ntates bave Liken any part
“in the conflict between Baez aud Cabral, and if so what part, with what
object and by what suthonty; also, whether the Presideat or the hewls
of departments have absented thewselves from Wesbingtou and their
duties there to make electioneering speaches through the country. aud to
spend their time at ices of pleasure and dwjntion with the fre.
quency and length of such absence; also that the Committee investi
gating these subjects have power to send for persons aod papers,
Mr. Davis asked its immediate consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS Hep. Vt.) sugeested that so important
a resolation ought to be printed before being acted upon.
He, therefore, objected to considering it now.
Mr. MORTON {Rep., Ind.) -I* hope that the Senator
will withdraw the o {fetio. 1 want to see this resolu
tion passed. I feel obliged to the Senator of Keutucky
(Mr. Davis) for oftering it. I want to see this investiga
tion made and made speedily, because, I bolfeve,*1t will
have the effect of refuting a vast number of slanders
that have been pus in circulation for the past two years.
Mr. EDMUNDS—I am perfectly in earnest about this
mutter. If the propiieties of the Senate would permit
it, I would say that this resolution isin itself scandalons.
I wish to have it printed. T want 10,000 copies of iL iny
self as u cumpaign document, The resvlution was lala
over.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM (Rep., Conia.) offered a resolution
authorizing the Comittee on Retrenchment to sit jn the
city of New-York, and authorizing “its sub committee to
adininister ostbs and take testitnouy. The resolution
was adopted.
Mr. BOCKINGHAM also offered a resolution directing
the payment out of the contingentsfund of the Benate of
$5,000, or 80 much of it as may be necessary to defray the
expenses of the Committee. Adopted.
Mr. SUMNER called up hia resolution asking informa
tion about the United States naval vessels sent to Sauto
Domingo, and 16 was passed without opposition,
HEORGANIZING THE CUSTOMS SERVICL.
Mr. FENTON {kep., N. Y.), from the Comwittes on
Finance, reported the bill to reorganize the Customs
Bervice, Sw regulate the disposition of tines, penal.
ties, and forfeitures. It proposes, in lien of the salaries,
moieties, and perquisites offal] kinds, now paid to officers
in the Customs Service, to fix thelr salaries as follows:
At New-York—Uollector of Uastoms, §15.000 per anoum a
©1000; Naval Ofcer, $1000; Assistant Collector, $6,000; Dep
uty Collectors. Deputy Sateton. and Assistant Naval Officer, $5,000
each; Chief Clark of each Division uader a Deputy Collectoi, $3,000;
Dey r, $5 per diem; Night Inspectors, $i per diew Kotry aud
Liquidating Clerks, not eo og $3.00; the uffices of Auditor and
Cash Clerk are abolished one Superalaudens of Weighing and Lisuging,
95.000; twelve Assistant Hope utendents, $3,500 each; Appraiser,
$10,000; Assistant Appraisers #6.000; Examivers, $3,000,
8 The salaries of Collectors ut viber parts are fixed as follows: At Bos
ton and Han Francisco, $10,000; at Philadelphia and Baltimore, $8,000;
at Bi. Louis, Chicago, asd Ciacinoati, $6,000. The salaries of the other
efcers of the abeved named ports are scaled in proporticn.

The salaries of al) seston viBears ot 01ber ports dol enumerated shove,
ars to be fixed hy the Reerstary of the Trosmry, at rates commenmrate
with the duties and revpetibiiisien devolving upon them respectively;
bat in no case Lo ex that now rv ceived or them fiom salaries, moieties,
and all other sources. Tha bill farther prov des that all fines, penalties
and forfeitures, received for violation tbe castoms laws, shall be paid
into the Treasury, and no portion thereof shall be paid to any officer of
the United Et1tes except in cases where he actaslly detects the friud and
maken the seisare, in which eases he will he entitled to one-fourth of the
net proceed. Any person, not emplo ed by the Government, is, under
the same eirenmstances, entitled to the same share, pamely, one-fourth,
Another section provides that all bonded warehouses and general order
stores shall be situated as near as possible to tLe points where foreign
vessels unload, and uo custom officer shall be Jeciutarily interested in
such business, It 18 also provided that the public cartaze of merchandise
shall be ander the control of the Secretary of tbe Treasury. The act
to take effect July 1, 1672.
GENERAL AMNESTY.
is
Te Senate then took up the Houso General Amnesty
Mr. ROBERTSON (Rep, 8. C.) sald it was favored by
all the prominent Republicans at the South, and that its
passage would gain the Republican party more friends
there than any other measwre they could Qostinly pase.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM (Rep., Conn.) read an elahorato
speech on the subject. He set forth at great length the
enormity of the crime of rebellion, and expressed the
opinion that Jefferson Davis and others ought to have
heen axeented immediately after the end of the war.
The Government, however, had chosen a different policy,
and had relieved so many individuals from their polit
ical disabilities that there was some Spparent reason for
charging it with injustice, if it refused to relieve others
no more gnilty than those relieved. But he did hopo
that no other amnesty bills would be introduced.
Mr. MORTON (Rep., Ind.) offered an amendment pro
viding that the act shall not be construed to date back
#0 a8 to validate the election or appointment of any per
son to the position of Senator or Sembor of the House
of Representatives, or to any office, civil or military, un
der the Umted States or any State, which person was at
tae Hing of such election or appointment ineligible to the
position.
Mr. STEWART (Rep., Nev.) was glad that the timo
had come when thers was to be general instead of
special legislation on this subject. He wished to have
the bill substantially a8 it had come from the House,
withont adding further exeeptions, although he had no
objection to Mr, Morton's amendment,
Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) said be belleved in being
fnst before we are generous to the Rebels of the South.
He thought it was a good opportunity to do justice to
the colored race, and, therefore, he offered as an amend
went the Supplementary Civil Rights bill.
Mr. HILL (Rep., Ga.) expressed the hope that this
great and carefully considered measure would not be
overlaid with amendments, but would be passed as it
came from the House. The people of (Georgia were re
jocing to-day over the admission of their Senator yester
day, and the pasoage of this bill would add to their
rejoicing. As to the amendment of Mr. Sumner he hoped
it should not be pressed because it would inevitably $e
rise to debate, and it had better stand alone, an bo
paused or rejected on its own merits. He (Mr. Hill)
Jelieved the measure to be impracticable, as he would
endeavor to show at the fier time.
Messrs, SUMNER and HILL then discnssad at great
length the question of equal rights for colored persons
in hotels and public schools and conveyances.
Mr. MORTON modified his amendment so as to apply
only to members of Congress and United States officers,
Mr. EDMUNDS (Rep., Vt.), at 3:30 o'clock, moved to go
into Executive session, Lost.
After some further discussion, Mr. SHERMAN ¢ReD.,
Ouio) proposed that the debate should cease at 4 o'clack
to-morrow, and the vote be then taken oun the bill aud
amendinents, which was agreed to.
The senate then, st 4:40 o'clock, went into Executive
session, and sovn afterward adjourned.
MOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVER,
Mr. UPSON (Rep., Ohio) offered a resolution in
structing the Select Committee on the Reorganization of the Civil Service
to loquire to the expediency of puvidieg by law fur the election of
Postmasters by the people. Adopted.
The Post-Route bill was reported and passal.
José M. Gallegos, the Delegate from New Mexico, appeared and was
sworn in
Mr. ROBERTS (Dem., N. Y.) asked leave to offer a resolution deelar
ing the extreme regret of the House of Representatives at the recent
wanton murder of the Havana students.
Sir. BANKS (Rep., Mass.) Shlecied, unless the resolution was referred
to the Committee of Foreign Affairs,
Mr. ROBERTS assented to that disposition, and the resointi, was 0
referred.
THR NATIONAL LABOR COMMISSION.
The Hone resnmed the consideration of the hill for the appointment of
Commission on the subject of profits between labor snd capital in the
Loited States,
Mr. CAMPBELL (Dem. Ohio) argued in favor of the Siping of the
subject which be bad ested yesterday—the refercuce of it to a Seleet
Committee of the ah The question of the relation between
labor and capital was one committed by the people to tneir ppseseste.
tives in Conzress. The Committee on Education aud Labor was the proper
Committee tw institute the proposed fnvest'vation. If there were auch a
state of discontent between capitalists and the SATRIER lousy 2310 ree
quire prompt action by Congress, the proposition before the House was only
calculated to procrastinate and delay that necessary action. Ifthe President
were to appoint the Commissioners they would be selected exclusively from
the friends of the Administration. Who they would be, God only knew.
Perebanee Borie might be at the ead of tbe Commission, aud Tom Mur
phy at the tail, and sandwiched between them would be, perhaps, some
wen from Yale and Harvard, to go abroad for the benefit of the service,
aud to report, as in the Santo Domingo matter, the character of thc ver
min, the bags. and the lizards. On the other hand, a Committes to he
appointed by the Speaker, would be selected with impartiality, and woul
be compose] of representatives both of eapital and labor, and of the
Democratic party as well as of the Republican party. Such a Committee
woull Le a far more digoified DLodv than thas proposed
in the bill, becaose it would be composed of men repre
senting all sections of the country, snd both Houses of Congress.
The roves had been told yesterday that the Kepublican party was the
friend of the laboring man, but he asserted and waa waly to waintain
that no party had ever existed whose legislation had been characterized
by more of oppression and wrong to the great boring aud Jfoduding
classes of the country than the Republican party for the last ten years.
Commenting on the proposed repeal of the Income tax, be said it wonli
merely relieve the rich men from the burden of taxation, while the delicit
pry by the repeal was to be wade ap from the great mass of co
summers.
Mr. DAWES inquired whe he imputed to the Republican party the
desire to repeal the income tax!
Mr. CAMPBELL replied that the Preddent hal not onlr recom.
mended in his annual Message, but had actually besought individual mew
bers of Congress to vote for It before the holidays
Mr. BIGGS (Dem., Del.) asserted that the Repnhlican party had,
within the last 10 vesrs, extracted more money from the laboring classes
than ali the Democratio Administrations for 41 years.
Mr. HOAR (Rep., Mass.) ingoired whether curing all that time the
gentiewan (Briggs) bad not advocated he policy of capital ownoug
labor t
Mr, BIGGS replied that he bad alwags advocated the interests of the
laboring classes
Mr. HOAR—That is no answer to my quest on
Mr. BIGGS ead that if Mr. Hoar read the tistory of hie own “rate
he would find that boys and girls not 15 years of age were kept at work
the factories of Massachusetts antil the superinten cont hod oo Goro water
in their faces to keep them awake, [General Lingliter
on
Mr. SIUEVENSON {ep Ohio) sent to the Clerk's desk, and had read,
a letter from Willian Laflin, Pre ideut of the Lroumol ers’ Tuternational
Union of Cincinnati, stating that the eyes of ull the laboring classes were
on the fate of Mr. Hoar's bill,
Mr. HOAR (Rep., Mass.) closed the debits, He pall that the letter
just read was a fair specimen of those whieli from all parts of the coun.
“re, from men interested in every form of Inbor, he bad received during
the past week, He characterized the amendment offered hy Mr. Cawp
beli—to refer the matter to Selcet Committee—as sn attack upon the
President,
Mr. HOAR then said he had a word to say to the gentleman from Dela.
ware (Biggs). He hoped he never would be led in debate to tlie exchange
of erimiuat on or reerimination lo regard to the bistory or character of
the different States of the Union. If, in any Awerican State, labor, bu.
matity, or morality were disgraced, it was the comm: n dlagrace of every
American citizen. As to the working classes of MassacLusetts, d'd his
friend from Delaware remember the fact which he bad stated, #0 far as is
wns a fact, had been disclosed by an Investigation of {reci) the char
acter of that now proposed. which had been ordered by the Repoblican
Legislature of Massachosetta: and, {f he (Hoar) conld not fad a better
argument for the bill, he would say that if a single boy or girl of 15 years
of uge, instead of being in the common school or in the bosom of the
family, was working in a factory antil natare failed, and water bad to be
thrown in its face, the cost of the Commission would uot be thrown away
if that one thing alone was disciosed and beld np fu the face of day and
remedied. He wonld ask the gentleman from Delaware if the Massachu
setts law, which forbade the employment of children In factories uuless
they had an opportuni:r to attend school, was not better than not having
any common rchool, sud sending iguorsat boys aad girls to the prllory or
whipping past
Mr. BIGGS said that it was right and proper for Massachusetts ‘0 es
tahlish ber labor barean, but she should rot come to Congress for that
purpose, As for the whipping. post fo Delawnaie, that was an ipstitution
which the Joie of that Ntate were proad of, It bad only been estab
lis" ed for felons and sconndrels and thieves and robbers, and it was to he
said, to the great glory of the State, that no man had ever been bronshs
back the second time after being properly whaled. [General laughter.
Mr. HOAR inquire] whether no wumen were whipped iiere a second
t we,
Mr BIGGS wae nnahle to sar; but there had been quite an emigration
from Delaware to Massachusetts, [Lau Mer]
Mr. HOAR wail that if the gentleman en laware, or anybody elss,
thought that the system of Delaware was better than that of Massachu
sette, or that it was a matter for an exu'ting sneer or lsugh, bo wes wel.
come to either. He bad notbiog farther to say. This waa simply a de
wand for light: it was a demand for an igvestigation into the question
whether the legislation of the General Government did fa any respect op
erate iujuriously on the laborers of the country. Who in dare Ww say
that be would refuse an investigation demanded by all the organizations
of labor, and refase to bave it made by the sblest and most Hajar) and
vost cowpeient persons. Ou those two propositions Ife would rest tle
bill, and call for a vote on it,
The vote was first taken on Mr. BURCHARD'S amendment, directing
the dvestigation to be wade by the Bureau of Statistics, and it was
vegatived,
‘I he vote was then taken on Mr, CAMPBBLL'S proposition, for the
SPivistment of a Joint Committee, and it was BeAutived
he vote was next taken on Mr. KILLINGKR'S amendment, requir
ing one of the Commissioners to be practically idevtified with the miuicg
interests of the country, and limiting the term of the Commissioners to
one vear, and it was ees to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH (Rep., TL) moved to amend Mr. Killiuger's
smeudicent by requiring the three Commissioners to be practically idea.
tibe! with the interests of the laborer,
Mr. HOAR seid he would accept that,
Mr. GARFIELD (Rep., Obio) objected on the ground that the Commis.
sioners would all be on the oue side of the question; but Le subsequently
wi lidrew the objection.
‘I'nen Mr. KILLINGER (Rep. Penn.) objected.
M:. PARNSWORTH tleu limited bis proposition to two members of
the Conioiss ob,
Mr. PERCE (Rep, Miss.) objected.
The vow was theo taken on Mr. Peree’s amendment, requiring the
Commissioners to be selected solely with reference to their characier and
enpacity and it was agreed to.
he last amendment was that offered by Mr, COX (Dem., N. 1.), re
quiring tbe selection to be made irrespective of political or partisan con
wiicrations. and it was agreed to,
"he Lill an amended was theo passed —Yeas, 134: Nays, 36. The Navs
were as folluws. 8
sl Winn bas mm Reve (Ke)
Adams,
Barber,
Rird
Piraston,
Lirwhi,
1
Burehan!,
Caldieell
Campbell,
Clarke,
Comingo,
Connor,
('rileher,
Crossland,
Darts
Du Bose,
Eldridge,
Hawley,
Harris (Va.),
Kerr,
Lewis,
McCormick,
McIntyre,
Palper,
Peck.
Price,
Kead,
Rice (111),
Rowe (Ky.),
Ritohie,
Bessious,
Slater,
Tale,
WhitiAorne,
Winchester,
Young—do.
TRIT OF THER LABOR CONRISRILE Wikis
The LiL, a8 passed, reads as follows:
A bill to provide for the appointment of a Commission on the sahject of
wages and hours of Ly and the division of protits between labor
and capital, in the United States.

Be it emacted by the Senate and House of Represeyiatirs of the
United States, dc., That there shall be appointed by the Presid eu by
aud with the advice and comsent of the Benatf, a commision of fares
Jems. of whom one shall be practically identifed with the laboriag
uterests of the country, ad who suall be selected from civil life solely
with reference to their character and capacity for an hovest and impartial
investigution. who shall bold office for the period of one year from the
date of their appointment. unless their ouice ol bv bien sooner
accomplished, who ny te {i t of w,
and J of labor, sad of the division of the joint prods
of labor and capital between the laborer and the capitalist, and the social
olucational, and sanitary condition of the laboring classes of the United
Ntates, and bow tie same are affected 3} She existing laws regulati
commerce, fnapee, and currency, provided shat sald Comwissioners wall
be appuiuied irrespective of political or partisan cousideratioes, and from
evil hfe.
Nec. 3. That said Commissioners shall receive an sonoal salaary of
$5,000 each shall be authorised to employ a clerk, and shall report the
result of thelr investigation to the Pirsidest, lo be by him travamitted to
Congrves.
The House at 3:90 pm. adjourved, the session lo-morrow to be for
genera) debate eel).
THE ADULTERATION OF CONFECTIONERY—AN OLD
WARNING REPEATED.
WARNING REPEATED.
As the Christmas holidays approach, candy
becomes an object of uncommon interest, and families
that use much of this luxury are more than ever desirous
of knowing whether their favorite confectioner 18 deal
ing out poison to them or harmless sugar, harmlessly
colored and flavored. The adulterations of confectionery
are so numerous and subtle that the only very safe ad
vice that can be given to buyers 18, make your purchases
at old established stores and pay the highest market
price. At ail events, let no one buy candy that has evi
dently cost much labor, when it is offered to them at less
than the price of sugar. There are 30 or 40 extensive
confectionery inanufactories in this city, beside hund
reds operating on a smaller scale, It bas been stated
repeatedly in the newspapers that three-quarters of the
candy made in this city is adulterated, and when it is
considered thet millions of pounds are shipped annually
from here to all parts of the globe, the mischief done by
these deleterious compounds is seen to be immense.
Good candies contain nothing but sugar, with a small
quantity of coloring and flavoring matter, and such
sweetmeats will not cause decay of the teeth as rapidly ae
bread. For it has heen found by experiment that when
bread 1s packed against a tooth, the fermentatiod which
ests away the enamel begins at the expiration of the
twelfth hour, but sugar similarly placed will not begin to
injure the tooth till after the seventeenth hour. The red
coloring in good candy is secured by the use of a small
portion of cochineal, which is an animal coloring go deli
cate that it 1s used in a standard medicine for weakly
babies. The yellow color of genuine candy is produced
by the slight admixture of saffron, another harmless
material. Fruit and chocolate candies rate hizher than
the others, and can be made so a8 to be quite harmless,
Most confectioners use as a basis for these the best refined!
sugar, and add the finest almonds, filberts, pistachio nuts,
gum-arable, cherry-pits, and licorice.
THE INGREDIENTS OF ADULTERATED CANDY.
The most outrageous practices are resorted to in almost
every branch of the trade, to impose their worse than
worthless products on the public. Take for ‘nstance
marrons glaeés, which respectable confectioners make
from Italian and French nuts—the former, from Lucca,
being the beat. The swindlers make these candies prin
cipally out of sweet potatoes and Tonka beans. Their
chocolate creams have very little genuine chocolate or
sugar in them, The exterior 18 made of cocoa sliclls and
the intertor of terra alba, mixed with lard to ake thew
soft and soluble on the tongue, The liquor in their cor
dial candies 1s made of fusel oil. Where the genuine ar
ticle has almonds, peanuts are used, and in place of ottar
of roses and rose-water a mixture of geranium extract
and turpentine is employed.
Several years ago there was considerable excitement
among the wealthy candy buyers of this city over the
supposed discovery of manufacturers of candy in Woos
ter and other obscure streets, who made first-class con
tectionery for one-third of the Broadway price. Curions
stories were told of the astonishment of ladies ot the fipst
circles on meeting each other in these cheap stores, and
of their mutual vows not to tell.” Ladies were oven
known to beg the lace paper of Broadway dealers, which
had thele firm name stamped upon it, 1m order
that the cheap wares might appear upon elegant
tables under a respectable imprint.

[pure candy runs through the entige range of sweets,
from fruit to peppermint. The perentaze of sucar
ranges from 10 to 90 per cent, and the rest is made up of
waterials which are absolutely hurtful—deranzing the
stomach and all the vital organs, producing palvitation
of the heart, costiveness and stone, Besides, there enter
into the composition of some varieties, the oil of bitter
almonds, sulphuric acid, very badly decayed cheese, and
crystallized substance resulting from the distillation of
crude petroleurn, Mauy of these candies contain at least
80 per cent of poisonous matier,
Terra alba, or white earth, enters more largely than
any other ingredient into these vile mixtures, If
caine fist as ballast {row Ireland, has also been imported
from France and England; and 18 now brought largely
trom Kentucky, Thousands of hogsheads of iL are used
every year in this country for adulterating. It is em
loyed by the grocers who sell doctored sugar, which
HA adulterated sometimes to such an extent that threo
tea-spoontulsare required toswecten a cnp of tea, It also
enters lurcely into cheap mustard and peppes, ereamoi
tartar, &c. Terra alba when first brought as ballast
from Enrope was considered worthless, but nan evil
hour a knavish confectioner, noticing its avilabihity ns
a substitute for sugar, began to use it. Tuis “cari” ia
a delicate substance, which has been ground by some
process of nature to powder so fine that there is no
gritty sensation in the mouth when it 18 caten with even
10 per cent of sugar, [It is heavier than water, and has a
sweet taste, It was sold for a long tinue at $15 a tun, but
now costs 13c. a pound, while good sugar costs about 15
cents,
This article enters into almost every one of the 1,600
varieties of candy. In lozenges aduiieratious are almost
universal. For instance, 50 pounds of peppermint
lozenges can be made for 14 cents a pound, 80 cheap are
the JuiiPials employed, The other ingredients are
aiarch, glue, and ghncose, The terca alba gives them
the appearance and the weight of sazar, aud the stareh
and glue hold them together. Before terra alba came
into use, the foreign substances introduced were starch,
flour, aud soapstone, The glue used costs a few cents os
pound, while gum-arabic costs 40 cents. The genuino
gom-drop ean be easily distinguished from the counter
foot. The genuine will stretch almost hike India-rabbor,
while the glue drop, or that made trom an extract of po
tiioes, will not streteh, At the oldest candy store in the
erty, a vial was shown to the writer, containing adalter
i ated candy “im solution.” A quarter of al inca of winto
Dearth lay at the bottom o” ‘he vial, and a daty beown
ligguid, colored by the bro su sugar used, occrpled the
rest of the space.
POIRONQUS COLORS,
Candy when first made is white unless composed of the
vilest waterials, As it sats the pubic to sec Wi colored,
various cheap devices are employed as subsivutes for
cochineal aud safivon, The red color is asuully produced
by amboline, which is obtained in a crystallized torn
froma coal tar during its proces of vefluiug, A sinul pore
tion of this dangerous precipitate fs placed fn a vessel
and a quantity of alcobol poured upenit, whew ie is ai
mediately ready for use. Before it asnived with rin
alcohol it is bright green, but subsequently turns a reh
magenta hue. With this poisonous compontd the candy
is colored, und then Jka for sale. Amboline is sold
for $2 an ounce, and will equal in coloring strengta
twenty times its weight of cochineal.
A green color is also made from wi op An amount of
candy can be colored by this mixture, for 13 cons, welch
it would cost $156 to color in alegithate way, Red is
rometimes produced with fuchsiue, an anilive color, or
with winiuw, commonly known as red lead,
POISONOUS FLAVORS,
All candies are flavored, and of these favors many ury
very dangerous and some are deadly poisons. The vari
ties least likely to be doctored” are clove, sassafras,
and wintergreen, These oils sre low-priced, wl the
manufacturers can aflord to use them honestly. Peppers
mint oil 18 made of ali grades, and that used in the low
priced candy is principally turpentine, Lewon and cn
namon are similary adulterated, aud the oil produced
has a strong, hard odor, which is readily distinZuishable,
but when reduced to an essence and poured into tue halt
made candy, it adds its quota to the danger, with but
slizht risk of detection,
The tlavors used in the higher grades of candies are
still more dangerous. Frait candies have been very
extensively used for many years, The uibderent flavors
of Peach, pear, pine-upple, bavans, &c., are imitated
with a naturalness that readily deceives the palaie.
The flavor of Jireapie is Jrousecd ny the union
of sulphuric acid an decayed cheese, and the flavors
of peur, peach, and banauns are obtained by mix
ture into which fusel oil enters largely. This oil 1a
produced from grain, and is known to be 8 great pro
joter of Bright's discuse of the kidneys. Many Fh
Bards taluk their day satisfactorily completed unless
they have eaten a quarter of 8 Rocha of sugared al
monds, or, as they ave usually called, sweet J A
To such it may be uteredting to know that tLe flavor of
the almond is dften produced by the oil of bitter almonds
—a poison of which a very swall’quantity would serve to
destroy life.
THE EPFELCTS OF THE POISONS.
The consequences of eating even sparingly of these
noxious compounds cannot be overestimated. Many die
eases which tormant adults are known to date their ori
gin from the sweet things consumed in childhood. The
newspapers occasionally discover an instance whieh
shows that candy has been instrumental in killing some
monds, or, as they ave usually called, sweet alilnondas.™
To such it may be interesting to know that tLe flavor of
the almond is dften produced hy the oil of bitter almonds
—a poison of which a very small’quantity would serve to
destroy life.
THE EPFEUTS OF THE POISONS.
The consequences of eating even sparingly of these
noxious compounds cannot be over-estimated. Many die
eases which tormant adults are known to date their ori
gin from the sweet things consumed in childhood. The
newspapers occasionally discover an instance whieh
shows that candy has been instrumental in killing some
child; but the majority of such cases are considered mys
terious providences.
The candy trade is divided into two piaehey The
first supplies many of the first-class Spaces, who sell
st high price, and intend to keep candies; the
second is called the “grocery trade,” and eupplies plant
ers at the South KLocens, 42, The latter furnish
vile candy, which 1s devoured principally by negroes,
and into which the Tory amaliont portion of sugnr enters.
About 400 bounds of this Sady aro 401d $0 ten Of the pure
or goiy moderately ml
During the war, when sugar was 30 oents a pound,
most of the candy was sold for less than 30 cents. This
was partly because a tax of cents a pound was levied
upon all candy that sold at over 20 cents. The candy
makers, wishing to avoid this, usually took care to put
in terra alba vou to enable them to sell at a profit for
about 18 ceuta. us the tax fell altogether upon the
honest manufacturers.
A leading confectioner gives curious account of a
meeting which he attended at that time. A number of
candy manufacturers had convened to consider the in.
terests of their trade. After the Sepuies business wes
finished a conversation occurred between a few of the
dealers. 8aid one, How is it that at Chicago, can
sell fur less than we canf” One replied, He uses more
varra alba, of course.” Well, I suppose I use as much
#8 anybody, sud I can never work in more than 2
per cent.” Oh w! 26 per cent is nothing. 1 use»
kreat deal more that.” But I mean that you can.
not use more than that, and turn out a first-class article,
articularly for the Bouthern trade. If Tas) pat more
Sa that smouns in candy that is sent South, the stuf
ull falls to ploces when the heat strikes it.”
“At this polut.” says the informant, oj Svt up and
said, ‘Gentlemen, LA An bave Sows here it 1 had
known you were a oO tery bakers. I am not ome
of that sort. Uoou-day.’”
CANDY POISONING.