THE MORNING STAR
VOL. V. NO. 19.
TELEGRAMS
TO THE MORNING STAR.
[■T AMERICAN press ASSOCIATION.]
CABLE DISPATCHES.
Condition of the Prince.
Proposed Consol of the Press
in France.
NEWS FROM AFRICA-
FRO3I WASHINGTON
TAMMANY NOTE FROM ALB VIY
Western and Southern ?lasha«.
r OKEIIiS MEWS.
Slow Hccovery of the Prince of Wales.
London, Dec. 27. The noon bulletin
from Sandringham to-day, reports that the
Prince of Wales passed a quiet night, but con
valescence ia retarded by a painful affection
above the left hip accompanied by feverish
ness.
No inquietude ia felt aa to the Prince’s condi
tion, but regict and disappointment as to the
slowness of his recovery, ia generally ex
pressed.
Hopes have been raised that he will be able
to go out before the end of the holidays and
preparations for public rejoicings have been
made.
Now the realization of these expectations
throws a dauipor on the festivities of the sea
son.
Advices From the Cape of <.nod Hope.
London, Doc. 27 I —The mail steamer from the
Cape of Good Hope has arrived, and brings
accounts of tho manner in which the announce
ment of the annexation of African territory to
the British Dominions was received by the in
habitants, Tho intelligence that a treaty was
Anally concluded produced much excitement.
Mr. Brand, President of the free States, issued
aformal protest against the transfer of the dia
mond fields to Great Britain. Discoveries of
gold in considerable quantities have been made
in the Tranavool Republic. The reports at
tracted many adventurers to that quarter. Dia
mond seekers were abandoning the diamond
districts for tho newly discovered gold country.
Capetown continued thronged with arriving
and returning fortune hunters. The business
of the colony is making great strides.
Press Control in 1 rance
Paris, Dec. 27—The Minister of the Interior,
to check the license oi public Journals, pro-
poses to increase the stringency ot the laws
and regulations for the control of the press. It
is understood the Minister's intentionshave
the approval of the President, and the journals
most offending will soon be made to feel their
effects.
Fit OB WASHINGTON.
Treasury balances.
Washington, D.C., Dec.27.—The following
were the Treasury balances at the close of bus
iness to-day: Currency $10,108,051 85; Coin,
109,542,758 75; certificates, $34,880,500 00.
A Report of Martial Law Denied.
It is ascertained on inquiry at proper quar
ters, that there is no truth in the report that
martial law exists in Jackson County, Florida.
United States troops were sent to assist in ar
resting several parties who refused to submit
to their arrest by the civil authorities, which
gave rise to the report.
lowa Politics.
Private letters received here from lowa,
mention that Senator Harlan’s chances for re
election are not so good as five weeks ago.
James F. Wilson is mentioned as Harlan’s
probable successor.
Proposed Postal Treaty.
The American Minister at Stockholm writes
to Postmaster General CresawelL suggesting a
postal convention between this country and
Sweden for th? purpose of bringing about a
postal treaty.
Ths Taxes on O. N. Judges’ Salaries,
Secretary Boutwell has decided to leave the
question of refunding taxes on salaries of
United States judges to be decided by Con
gress. preferring the question to be decided
permanently by proper legislation.
HASW VOKK ClTff.
The Whereabouts of Tweed.
New To re, Dec. 27.—1: is positively asserted
by several papers this afternoon that Tweed is
in custody or the Deputy Sheriff. Many peo
ple assert they saw him on the street to-day.
Probably he has surrendered in order that new
bondsmen might appear In place of Hugh Hast
ings. Jv Gould and Farley, who have with
drawn from the bonds. Late thia afternoon,
some of the Sheriff's oftcera still professed Ig
norance of Tweed's whereabouts. Many think
be is in New Jersey awaiting completion of his
bonds.
Mr. Tweed spent the evening at the Metro
politan Hotel, where he will remain to-night.
He has not left the city at any time since his
arrest, and bis friends deny any intention on
his part to attempt flight. It is also stated be
has not been concealed during the day as re
ported in the evening papers, but has kept tbe
sheriff fully apprised of bis movements. He
will not be arrested to-night, but will appear
in court to-morrow morning with his new
bondsmen. Richard Tweed, Charles Cornell,
and Charles Devlin will lake the place of Far
ley on the bail bond. None of the other bonds
men have yet announced an intention of with
drawing.
Hank Examiner's Fxarntnatlon.
The adjourned examination in tbe case oi
Charles Callender, bank exuniner, took place
this afternoon before Commissioner Osborn.
Mr. Stevenson, President of Ojoan Bank was
examined with reference to Callender’s rela
tions with the bank.
Indictment from a he .Uh ta I*rhoa.
The Grand Jury came into court to-day and
handed in a batch of indictments. Among
them was an indictment in tho case of Mr.
Newkirk, who died a short time ago in the Jef
ferson Market Prison—death, it is alleged, be
ing caused by the severitv of the officials and
confinement in a prisoner’s box while it was
unheated.
Miscellaneous IVo'es.
The counterfeiting case of Joshua D. Miner
camo up again to-day, when the Judge sum
med up for the prosecution.
The suh-committce of banking and currency
committee of the House of Representatives ap
pointed to investigate bank sivp'nsions here,
met this afternoon and commenced work. The
members are Representatives W. C. Smith,
Merrism and Randall.
Gen. Sickles and wife are still stopping at
the Brevoort House. The General has not yet
decided when he will start for Washington, but
probably the beginning of next week.
Theodore Hagan, publisher and editor of the
Weekly Review, died this morning of disease of
the heart. His funeral will be on Friday.
TAMMi.TY fIiEWNFKOH ALBINT.
Special Term of the Supreme Court--
Argumenta Heard in Behalf of “Boss”
Tweed and Tom Fields.
New York, Doo. 27 —At a special term of
the Supreme Court £t Albany this afternoon,
Mr. Burrill, cotitfßM for Tweed, moved to va
cate tho order of injunction against Tweed’s
selling property on tho ground there was no
order attached requiring an answer within ten
days as provided by rule ninety-four. Mr.
Peckham for the prosecution opposed the mo
tion, and at the same time made a motion for
another injunction, which was argued by Mr.
Burrill, who claimed that great injury bad been
done the defendant, and the Court granting an
order in this case couldn’t make it returnable
within ten days. Mr. Peckham said his motion
was based on affidavits showing sale of prop
erty by defendant, and the continuance of in
junction was against his selling any of his
property during the pendency of the suit against
him. He argued there was danger of defend
ant disposing of property, and thus escaping
tbe making of restitution in the event of pend
ing suit being decided against him. After
some further argument, Mr. Burrill withdrew
his motion to vacate the order of injunction,
and Judge Learned denied the motion of Mr.
Peckham to continue the injunction.
The argument on the motion to vacate order
of arrest of Thomas C. Fields before Judge
Learned at Albany was continued this morn
ing. Mr. Peckham for the prosecution oppos
ed the motion a’, much length. Messrs. Beach
and Reynolds argued the case on behalf of
Fields, the latter concluding with a review of
affidavit in the case, after which the Judge
took the papers, reserving decision.
BOSTON EVKNHVU NEW!.
He port a fromthe Court Konmi-Durvard
College Funds.
Boston, Dec. 27 —The case of the receivers
of the Boston, Hartford and Erie Railroad vs.
Farwell, in which |Buoo of bonds at stake, was
finally arranged this morning lor hearing be
fore the full benfth of tho Sapretne Coart next
month. The report of the master, Hon. Isaac
F. Redfield has been filed, and exceptions ta
ken to sotre portions, while the remainder has
been accepted by both sides.
In the Supreme Court to-day a writ of habtai
tnrpuawM granted in the case of William A.
Glover, held as an accessory to the Boylston
Bank robbery. The writ is granted to determ
ine his status under a statute which provides
for immediate trial or release of prisoners
after having been in Jail six months from date
of the indictment.
The amount of funds belonging now to Har
vard College is over $2 425 700.
HOM CII’CAWO.
Fxeltement from a Ouppoaed Abortion
Case—Travel Impeded by Snnw-Gov
ernmsnt Inquiry about Keal Fstate.
Chicago, 111., Dec. 27.—A supposed abortion
case, in which the body of the victim was car
ried away at night to Crestline and afterwards
brought back by the police, is attracting con
siderable attention, A baggage master who
accompanied the woman here, and who Is sus
pected of being concerned in the death, denies
that there has been anything wrong, and says
the woman died of a natural disease. The fe
male doctor in whose bouse the woman died,
was arrested this morning. She is a middle
aged lady of respectable appearance, and does
not appear to bo alarmed at tbs situation. She
speaks very little Bagtioh. Tho county physi
cian hold a poet mortem examination of the
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1811.
body thia morning, which developed the fact
-hat death resulted from metro-peritonls. Tbe
doctor was not prepared to give an opinion as
to the cause of the disease, but will make a
more critical examination.
Tbe alorm last Saturday gives to all tbe
northern counties an unusual body of anow.
The fall averaged from three to four feet.
Trains are seriously blockaded in tho central
parts of the State. Thermometer. 4 to 10 deg.
below.
Collector McLean has boon instructed by the
Secretary of the Treasury to see the owners of
the block on wbich tho Custom House stands,
and learn the price which they will ask Gov
ernment for it.
»HOa TIIW PACIFIC.
Continued <tormin't'allfornta--nainagt
to uoad« and Hlntlrsncs to Travel,
San FRANCISCO, Cal., Doc. 27.—Rain again
commenced falling, with every prospect of con
tinued storm. Although the damage on tho
railroads by tjic storm Sunday night has been
to some extent repaired, it ia feared another
heavy fall will cause further susponaion of
travel.
ABOUT TIIF. WFATHF.It.
Probabilities.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 27 -7.30 p. m.—
The btroinetor will probably continue to rise
Thursday, with northwesterly winds backing
to north In New England and tho Middle States,
and northeasterly in tho Southern and Gulf
States. Southwesterly winds, with threaten
ing weather, will develop in the Northwest.
Clear, with pleasant weather will prevail gen
erally oast of the Mississippi. Brisk, but not
dangerous winds are anticipated thia evening.
MAUIMK DInASTFH.
Lotto! a of Woxtc Crew
staved-- articular aof the Lota.
New Orleans, La., Deo. 27.—Tho following
particulars of the loss of tho steamer Florida
of Mobile, have been received. The Florida
left this port Thursday the 2lth inat., with a
full cargo or merchandise tor Apalachacola anil
Ce<lar Keys, and crossed Paas Le’Oulre next
'morning with wind blowing freshly. At 4p. tn.
the wind and oca increased, and at 11 p. tn. tho
water began to gain on the pumps which pre
viously bad been kept working. So rapidly
did tho water gam that the captain determined
to make for Moblie point, distant fifty miles.
The water continued to gain alarmingly de
spite every effort. Saturday was ushered in
with a frosh gale from the north and heavy sea.
All hands were put at work balling and throwing
tho cargo overboard. At 8 a.m.,there wereefght
feet of water in the bold, and all hope of saving
the vessel was abandoned. Tho officers and
crew, twenty-two persons, took to the boats,
throe in number, and made land fifteen miles
distant. At one o’clock, a landing was effected
twenty miles eastward of Fort Morgan.
Ono boat was swamped, and the chief cook
(colored), named Reid, was drowned. Several
officers narrowly escaped a similar fate, the
chie r engineer being drawn out almost Insen
sible. The cargo consisted principally of su
gar, molasses, and flour, and was ftilly insured.
There Is no insurance on tho vessel, which ia
ownod here.
DINPA CCIIEW IN GENERAL,
Gold was a trifle firmer in New York yester
day, and closed at from 108 1-2 to 1085-8.
James 11. Hackett, tho veteran actor, and fa
ther of Recorder Hackett, Is lying dangerously
ill at his residence on Long Island.
The dwelling of C. A. Woods, at Wheatland,
Penn., was burned on Christmas. Two ser
vant girls perished in the flames. Loss $25,000,
A special dispatch from Littlo Rock, Ark.,
says arrivals from Chicot county report that
after shooting tho murderers Sanders, Garrett
and Dugan, and destroying Garrett’s store,
where Wynne was murdered, the crowd imme
diately dispersed and the sheriff and his posse
remain in peaceful possession of the place.
A Quebec dispatch says a "Trunk Mystery”
case has arisen there which creates excitement.
A box was found tho other day at the Grand
Trun| railway depot, containing the mutilated
body of a female in a partially decayed con
dition. The limbs had been cut off and the
flesh cut off of them in large pieces. The box
was left by a stranger whose name is unknown.
Fon) play is suspected and an investigation is
pending.
GLEANINGS.
A Florida three year old has a heavy beard.
A raw Jersey rustic ate 14 oyster stews at
one sitting.
The present French cabinet is composed of
very wealthy men.
Spiced kangaroo, in cans, is one of the chief
exports of Melbourne.
The Roman women want to erect a statue of
Garibaldi before ho dies.
The paths of glory which lead to the grave—
Allopath and Homoeopath.
Louisville boasts a dog that swears as natu
ral as any other Louiavildan.
A New York lady actually wept herself blind
for the death of her husband.
In April n'Xt a grand homeopathic fair will
probably take place in Boston.
There is a painter and glazier in Boston by
the name of "Consider Glass.”
The Notch in the White Mountains in winter,
is a fine specimen of a "cold cut.”
California boasts a tomato plant ten feet
high, yielding two bushels of fruit.
Mrs. Abbv flage Richardson Is discoursing
with fiery eloquence about Chicago.
Taunton’s street railway is well patronized,
carrying over 900 passengers per day.
The British Museum has an anvil which, it la
said, belonged to one of the Pharaohs.
The New York Liberal Club is not liberal
enough tn admit ladies to membership.
Now York belles bathe their complexions ia
condensed milk diluted with hoc water.
Leading eitlsens of Memphis are gobbled
when tho police raid on the keno sbope.
A second "National Cat Show” was recently
bold at the Cry Mai Palace, near London.
LOCAL raws.
Providence Opera Houss.-Who would
not go a long way to have a good look at hon
eat John Perrybingle’s kitchen? Who would
not wish to see one of the happiest creations of
the great magician of romance,—the earnest,
truthful Dot,—busied iu preparations for her
husband** comfort P Dickens, whose heart was
so closely in sympathy with humanity that the
favorite themes of his pen are chosen from the
boundless Hold of daily experience among the
humbler classes, seemed to have so loved tho
character of Dot, aa to treat her tenderly
throughout Ike beautiful story of the Cricket on
tho Hearth, and to allow only the shadow of
deep sorrow to fall across her path. It is to
bo regarded as a most encouraging auguary
when the public taatc approves, and the man
agement of one of the finest temples of tho
drama in New England choose to put upon tho
stage, a piece m which the virtues of domestic
life, and the scenes of Joy and grief around a
humble hearth,'!aro so beautifully portrayed.
Fino and new scenery of an appropriate char
acter has been prepared, and tho piece is per
formed with ail tho powerful additional effect
which such an accompaniment can give. The
great Interest felt in ndvanco In tho play, meets
with no disappointment tn its rendition.
The story has been most skillfully drama
tized, and tho actors have happily caught its
spirit and faithfully depict its abounding
humor and Infinite pathos. The plot of the
story has been faithfully followed, and oven
tho author’s text is repeated In the drama
wherever possible. Although not founded
upon startling events, an 1 destitute of all tragi
cal or sensational denouements, tho piece is so
true to real lite, and so faithfully portrays
scones and situations in tho common, work-a
day world, that it strongly arrests the earnest
attention of tho audionoo, who listen and look
on from tho beginning to the end with unabat
od interest. Noones and passages full of touch
ingpathos arofelicitously mingled with others
brimful of fun, and each aro rendered well
fitted for their several parts.
So many desired to soo honest John Perry
blngle, and his Inyal, loving wife, with tbe work
of the good fairies that guard their hearth and
home, that tho Opera House was again well
filled. The piece will be repeated this evening.
Meeting of «ha Ithndr Island Horticul
tural Society.
The Rhode Island Horticultural Society hold
a meeting at eight o’clock last evening in Frank
lin Lyceum Building.
In the absence of the President Mr. William
Viall was chosen to preside over the meeting.
The Secretary also being gbsont Mr. A. W.
Godding was elected to act In that capacity.
The subject discussed at tho last meeting,
"Winter Pears” was further discussed.
Mr. Viall exhibited some specimens of the
"Glont Morceau" and "Vicar of Wakefield,’’ and
stated that he fouud they would ripen best
when placed In boxes and put in a damp cel
lar. The “Glont Morceau” he thought best
when of largo size, the larger the better.
A member remarked that pear trees took root
well from grafting.
Mr. Jcnckcs said that a good way to preserve
pears was to place them in a box Jnst deep
enough, and wrap them in paper.
Mr. Viall thought they would coins out better
by compact packing, which produces u moist
ure, but it was Important to have proper ven
tilation.
Mr. Charles Phillipa made some brief re
maria upon pear cultivation in California hav
ing recently seen a gentleman from that place
Interested in the subject. He thought the soil
hero was as good In many respects as that of
California, and could produce some pears
equally as good.
After some further Informal discussion, the
Society adjourned until the second Wednesday
In January, on which occasion will bo the an
nual meeting.
Franklin Ltckum Nominations.— The
regular annual caucus of the Franklin Lyceum
for the nomination of officers to be voted for
at the annual meeting, occurred last evening
In the Lyceum Hall. The following la the re
sult of the caucus:
President—CyrusC. Armstrong.
Vice President—William C. Armstrong.
Secretary-Charles 11. Smith.
Treasurer—Henry W. Allen.
Librarian—Henry W. Allen.
Cabinet Keeper—Edwin W. Gould.
Standing Committee—Chas. H. Smith, Henry
S. Olney and Edward Tripp.
Library Committee—Stephen A. Cooke, Jr.,
John W. Angell, Edwin W. Gould, J. M. Adde
mnn, E. T. Case, and B. F Pabodie.
Lecture Committee—William T. Tibbitts and
John H. Btlness, the latter for vsnanev.
Fall or Real Estate in Providence.—
About half-past two p. m., yesterday, the large,
old fashioned chlmnov, of the iniddlo building
in "Rotten Row,” or the three cut-nff houses
at the bend of Broad street, fell with a loud
crash, carrying with It the portion of the wood
work which had remained standing. The chim
ney was a relic of ancient architecture, and
with its capacious fireplaces and ovens con
tained a large quantity of material. >Thos. Fitz
patrick was coming down the street Just at
the time, and stopped within a few feet of the
spot, as be saw the chimney toppling over. It
was about thirty feet in height, and being so
strongly built, it adhered in a solid mass till
It struck the ground. It fell directly across the
street, which is blocked for half its width by
Its debris, while the sidewalk is piled for six
feet In depth with a mass of brick, stone, and
mortar. Fortunately, no horse oar or
carriage happened to be exactly opposite
at the moment, and git lio yet more
fortunate that no person was passing upon the
sidewalk. At first it was feared that some one
anight have la the ruing, bet Mr,
PRICE ONE CENT.
Fiispatnck was able to sav that such was not
the case. A gentleman and two ladies, how
ever, were walking up the aidewalk and three
or four slept more would hare brought them
Into a position of great dang-tr. The owner of
the propeaty, who lives on Benefit street, was
notified, and the ruins will now probably be re
moved.
I. O. or o. F. iLaorioN.— At a regular meet
ing of Swarts Lodge, No. 18, held on Wednes
day evening, Deo. if, the following-named
ofnoera were e'ected for the ensuing term
N G.—John Bnehanan, Jr.
V. G.—L. H Ain' i,
K. Beo.—George H Illingworth,
Per. Sec.—Geo. 8. Boutwell.
Treat,—John Ghlmdina.
Jo’S T.'u.m.“ 9 D
Installation will take place on Wednesday
evening, Jan. 3.1H71 7
THE CHVHTI
Court cf Magistrates.
Wkpnksuay, Dec. 27.
The complaint ngainal James Morrill, charg
ing an assault on Leonard Paine waa continued
till Dec. 2W.
John Quinn waa found guilty of Healing an
overcoat, valued at ♦l5, frem Win. 11. Stanley,
and sentenced to Jail tor ninety Java.
Michael Learv waa arraign* <1 for assaulting
Alexander McKenzie with a atone, Inflicting a
bad wound upon the aldo of hi* head. He ac
knowledged the assault and waa flood ♦'JO and
coals. Me Ken ate keeps a liquor shop. Ils
wiahed the court to put bis assailant under
bonds, but, as he had repeatedly sold him
liquor, by which ho became erased, and with
out which he would have been peaciible, Ida re
quest waa not deemed a reasonable one.
John Monahan pleaded guilty to the charge
of being a eommon drunkard, and his case WM
continued for aentenco one month.
I’ol tea Court.
WKDNK'DAT, Doc. 27.
Finos of ♦‘J with costa were imposed upon
Thom us Leary, Charles Deballga, Josiah T.
Kvcrett, David Hamilton, Louisa Wlnlan, John
McLane and James O’Brien; ♦.'land coata up
on Edward Murphy, and 85 aud coats Upon
John Curran—for drunkenness.
Mathow Folev was fined flit and costa for rev
elling, and Miohaui Murray $lO and costa for
the same.
Jane Murphy was flnod only 81 and costa for
being drunk. t
A complaint against John McCusker for be
ing drunk was oontinuod to D rn.VH.
Gen. Flagg, with Cap alns Browne and
Willard of hia stuff, visited our town thia even
ing. for the purpose of inspecting the arms
and equipments of the Bristol Train of Ar
tillery and tbu Bristol Light Infantry. The
arms and equ pmrnla of the latter were found
in excellent condition, but those of the Ar
tillery have not received the care they ought to
have had. An Improvement is promised im
jnedlatelv.
Kditb O’Gnrman is to deliver her lecture, on
Wednesday evening, at Town Hall.
The weather still continues warm and foggy.
Showers of rain have fallen at intervals during
the day.
Fawtnrkst
Paw tuck kt Atiiknaium. An amuateur
dramatic company, under tnls hamq will give
an entertainment tor the benefit of the Paw
tucket Light Guard, in Armory Hall, on Satur
day evening ot tbe present week.
Lroturk —Rev. 8. L. Granny, pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, will deliver a
lecture In Armory Hall thm (Wednesday) eve
ning which will doubtless be very interesting.
Subject: "What is the International?”
A Handromk PrmKNT. -Rhode Inland
Steam Fire Engine Company No Lwcre pre
sented with the phutogrsnhsof all the members
of Lafayette Hose Company, No. A, or Salem,
Mana., on Monday evening last. The pictures
are handsome.y arranged in a large frame, the
centre of which la occupied by a large photo
graph of the house nnd carriage of the hose
company Capt. Pickering 01 Salem, made the
presentation speech, nnd Capt. Carpenter of
Pawtucket, respond, d. 1 lie company repaired
to Dlsimau’s saloon, whore a sociable time was
enjoyed.
Balls —The Tower Light Battery give a
grand military and civic dress ball at Battciy
Hall, on Friday evening of thia week.
The Monitor Steam Firo Engine Company
will give their ninth annual ball in the Town
Hal), ea«t side, on Monday evening next, Janu
ary 1,1R72. The circulars of the Monitors are
gotten up in the highest style of art and certain
ly burpass anything of the kind ever produced
on previous occasions.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians will also
give a ball on New Year’s night, in Armory
Hall.
A Masquerade Ball will he given in Armory
Hall on Thursday evening, January 4th, which
will probably be a big affur. The motto of the
managers is"l)um vivnnus, vivamus.”
Mouth Mlngst >w*.
Improvements —Mr. Stephen C. Armstrong
is erecting a new dwelling house on his estate
which is situated east of the Timos Building.
Thikvks.— The cellar In the cottage of Frank
lin Woodruff, Esq near Silver Lake, was
broken Into lately, but the would-be thieves got
nothing for their trouble.
Mammoth Hogb.— Mr. Clarke Sherman
slaughtered two bogs last week that were only
thirteen and one-third months old. One weighed
SI3, and the other MO pounds.
Dancing,— Prof. Miller of Norwich, Conn.,
Broposes to have a dancing class this winter in
olumble Hall, and then our young people will
be merry again.
An Unusual Sight —Nine clear white wild
geese passed over this village, going to the
south-west from the north-east, one day last
week, and were witnessed by many of our cit
izens, especial!} our gunners, who say It la a
sight seldom seen.
Bank Mekting.- The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the National Landholders Bank
of Kingston, for the election of officers and the
transaction of other business tnat usually comes
before the annual meeting, will be held at O<
Bank on Tuesday, Jan. 9ih, 1871, at 12 m.
Panorama of Rhode Irl.nd,— Our cltiooM
are glad to bear that this fine panorama, with
pictures of ah the public buildings of note in
the State will exhiolt here during the holidays,
and Judging from the talk of our town?-people
a large crowd will go and see it.
Removal.— Tbe office of tbe Narragansett
TVnms has been moved from the email building
it has occupied for tbe past two years into the
northwest corner store of the new Times Build
ing where tbe editorial staff have more commo
dious premises. Tbe Times appeared last week
in an enlarged and improved form.
Sewing Machines— An agency for tbe town
of South Kingstown for tbe sale of all kinds of
sewing machines teat are manufactured, has
been established in rooms over the Foot (Moe,
whore the general agent has the maehinee. Now
tbe ladies eaa have no exonoe fit* not havinc
the right machine.
Bristol.