i^lor«s(er gailg Spj
PUBLISHED EVERY BIOUMNO,
(St-XDAT EXCEPTED,,
t *8 per year, If paid strictly in «<lvanc«.
Otherwise, Cent* per Month.
ffht Massachusetts Spy,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
13 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At 99 per Annum.
J l>. lIA EDWIN *V CO., Proprietors.
NO. UI MAIN STREET.
cdlorccstcr gailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
City Election To-dny.
The polls will open at 9 a. m. and will close at
4 p.m. We republish, with some corrections,
the nominations made by both parties.
KKPU BLI UA N TIC KE T.
For Mayor.
GEORGE CROMPTON.
ALDERMEN,
Ward I—W. A. 8. Smyth,
2—Lewis Barnard,
4—F. H. Kelley,
6—S. Hildreth,
8-Joen D. Washburn,
ward ONE.
^Common Council—George 8. Hoppin, Theron E.
School Board—Caleb B Metcalf.
Assistant Assessor—. John Milton Earle.
Ward Officers—Edward Kendall, Warden; clerk,
Silas Whittemore; inspectors, A. N. Chase, L. I’.
Goddard, Enoch Earle.
ward two.
Common Council— William Allen, Farritt Blais
dell.
School Board George W. Gale, G. Henry Whit
comb.
Assistant Assessor George E. Stearns.
Ward Officers- Gilbert Walker, warden; George
W. Gale,clerk; S.J. Brimhall, A. M. Eaton, TV. fl.
Jankius, inspectors.
WARD THREE.
Common Council—Walter Henry, Richard Bar
ker.
^School Board—James McDermott, 3years; James
Draper, 2 years.
Assistant Assessor—John I Coburn.
Ward Officers Lyman Brown, warden: Martin
Howard, clerk; H C Willson, D W Bemis, Jason
Chapin, inspectors.
WARD FOUR.
Common Council—Wi Hard F Fond.
School Board Kev C M Litmson.
Assistant Assessor—F B Norton.
Ward Officers-John 1* Streeter, warden; M II
owden,clerk; c W Moody, It LGolbert, inspectors.
WARD* FIVE.
Common Council J s Ferry, 0 N Pond.
School Board John c Newton.
Assistant Assessor—Samuel Ferry.
Ward Officers—D S Jackson, warden; Wm 11 In
man, clerk; Jona D Grout, John Green, C W Ham
ilton, inspectors.
WARD HIX.
Common Council Dorrance S Goddard.
School Cmmittee—F PGoulding, 3 yrs; Loammi
Harrington, 2yrs; E II Peabody. 1 yr.
Assistant Assessor—Samuel Houghton.
Ward Officers—Charles L Redding, warden; Chas
S Chapin, clerk; II C Rawson, Charles P .Morse,
Joseph R Torrey, inspectors.
WARD SEVEN.
Common Council—Edwin Ames, A B Lovell.
School Board-George Jaques.
Assistant Assessor—3 P Houghton.
Ward Officers .1 A Titus, warden Lewis C Muz
zy, clerk; John D Lovell, W W Cook. 11 M Mer
riam, inspectors.
WARD RIGHT.
Common Council-Charles G Parker.
School Board -P Emory Aldrich.
Assistant Assessor—Alexander Marsh.
Ward Officers—Daniel Seugrave. warden; James
H Bancroft, clerk; Henry Bacon, Chas 11 Harve),
Geo A Geer, inspectors.
CITIZENS’ T 1 C K ET.
FOK MAYOR,
GEORGE E VERRY.
ALDERMEN,
Ward I—Emory Banister.
2—Joseph Burrough.
4—Samuel D Harding.
G Henry H Chamberlin.
B—George R Spurr.
WARD ONE.
Common Council—John W Howe and Edward R
Fiske
School Board—C B Metcalf.
Assistant Assessor—J M Earle.
Overseer of tiie Poor S E Combs.
Ward Officers—Warden, E 1) Buffington; clerk,
Geo W Mtrick; Inspectors, Simon Sargent, James
Broadbent and Wm T Allen.
WARD TWO.
Common Council—J E Davis ami Calvin Haskell.
School Board- Geo F Gale.
Overseer of the Poor Eri Saunders.
Ward Officers—Warden, Wm 1. Robinson; Clerk,
Bullard, John
K Lowe and Thomas Dewey.
ward three.
Common Council—Walter Henry and George F
Hewett.
School Committee—James McDermott.
Ward Officers Warden, Lyman Brown Clerk,
Edward T Kedican; Inspectors, Cornelius Sullivan,
•Jeremiah Hennessey and Win L Gray.
WARD FOUR,
i Common Council--P D Conlin.
School Board -Rev P D Garrigan.
Assistant Assessor—Jas .McFarland.
Ward Officers—Warden, I’E Rutigun; clerk, T E
Murray; inspectors, John B Cosgrove, Charles Mc-
Farland and Jeremiah Foley.
WVRD FIVE.
Common Council-John J O'Gorman and Jolin
Cove.
School Board Dr F II McNulty.
Assistant Assessor Levi Barker.
Ward Officers—Warden, Jeremiah Mnrphv; clerk,
James McLane; inspectors, E D Stocking, J R
Laverty and Jas W boon.
ward six.
Common Council E D Cheney.
School Board (1 yr) Dr li K Thayer, (2 yr 11 C
Valentine, and (3 yrs) o c Haven.
Assistant Assessor D F Newton.
Overseer of Poor Pitt Holmes.
Ward Officers Warden, Jonathan C French;
clerk, M J Foley.
WARD SEVEN.
Common Council-Edwin .Morse and Georgi* F
Wood.
Assistant Assessor— Art etnas Harris.
Ward Officers-Warden, David W Cook; clerk,
Mark E Purcell; inspectors, P F .Murray, Albert 1»
Lovell and A W Rose.
WARD EIGHT.
Common Council—Samuel B Ripley.
School Board—George Swan.
Ward Officers Warden, Joseph E Davis; clerk,
W Blacker; inspectors, H O Lee, Horace B Verry
and Geo W Rogers.
Ex-Gov. Bullock made an admirable speech
at Mechanics hall Saturday night.
Mr. Francis M. Drenmiu declines the citizens’
nomination as member of school board in
ward 8.
A little child of Timothy Murphy, on SuHulk
street, was fatally scalded by falling into a rail
of hot water Saturday morning.
The republican ward committees are notified
that votes for the several wards may be found
at headquarters this in jrning.
The republican rallying committees for the
several wards were] appointed on Saturday, and
announcement to that effect was made at the
meeting on Saturday evening. The list will be
found on the inside page.
The temperance addiess hy Mr. M, S. John
son, at Summer street chapel, last evening, was
a carefully prepared and well delivered effort.
The fearful effect of intemperance was por
trayed in contrast with the blessed influence of
total abstinence. Rev. Mr. Cheever followed
in favor of a separate political party pledged to
prohibition.
Rev. Geo. W. Phillips, late of CMumbus,
Ohio, is to be installed as the first pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational church and society
in this city, at Mechanics hall, on Thursday, the
28th inst. The council will assemble at ten a.
m., and the installation services will be held at
two r. M. The sermon will be by Rev. Dr.
Webb of Boston, the address to the people by
Rev. Prof. J. 11. Seeley, of Amherst college, and
the right hand of fellowship by Rev. C. M.
Lannon of this city.
The friends of woman suffrage in this city
have been industriously at work for some
weeks, making arrangements to assist in carry
ing out the plans fur the woman suffrage bazar,
which will open in Music hall, Boston, on the
14lh, to continue a week. The lust meeting of
those engaged in this work will be held to-mor
row afternoon, at the residence of Mrs. J. P.
Marble, 33 Harvard street. In order to obtain
half fare tickets to go to Boston and return
during the week, the names of those who desire
to be present aie to be left at the Howes book
store, 421 Main street.
Municipal Court.—The business of the
court on Saturday was ns follows: Charles
Foley, upon two complaints for keeping acom
moll gaming bouse, was lined SIOO and costs in
each case, ami was ordered to recognize in S3OO
upon en;h complaint for his appearance before
the superior court; appealed. A failure to pro
cure bail, resulted in his being committed
Francis 11, Remington, malicious mischief
lined ssand costs, committed; William Speed
man, drunkenness, $8 and costs, paid; John
.Sullivan, drunkenness,sßand costs, committed;
James Wheatley, drunkenness, $3 ami costs,
committed; Julia Maloney, SI and costs, com
mitted.
Sudden De\th>-Ayoung man named Henry
BrupnelL fell down in Exchange street, near
i he Bay State house, about eight o’clock Friday
evening, and died almost iuHbediafely. He was
boarding in Central court, and the Body was
taken home. Dr. J. Marais Rice, coroner, wm»
summoned, but it being apparent that death
occurred from natural causes, he did not
roMider an inquest necessary. The body was
placed in charge of Messrs. Hildreth Willson,
undertakers. The {deceased was a Canadian,
I and had wotked the past season for a Mr. Ward,
■in Auburn. He was waiting for the payment of
’^^Avages, and intended to return |u Canada in
ill Ilailn
VOL. 26, NO. 292.
Masonic.—-The new Quinsigamond lodge of
Freemasons, lately organized in this city, was
consecrated and constituted a lodge in the
grand lodge of the state Friday evening. The
exercises were conducted in the ball of the fra
ternity, in Post Office block, where the grand
lodge opened in ample form, with the following
officers, a part being pro tempore: IV. G. M.,
Wm. S. Gardner; D. G. M., John T. Heard; S.
G. W., S. C. Lawrence; J. G. W„ Chas. W.
Moore; G. S., 11. Endicott; G, C., J. H. Titus;
G. M., W. T. Grammer; G. T., F. E. Jones. The
officers of the new lodge were then installed in
their several stations by the several grand
officers, as follows: W. M., H. C. Wadsworth;
8. W S. M. Richardson; J. W., J. Marcus
Rice; T., R. M. Gould; S., Wm.G. Strong; C.,
John Gregson; S. D E. P. Halsted; J. D., H.
B. Wilder; S. S., James L. Burbank; J. S., Al
lred D. Warren; M., O. L. Hatch; I. S., Silas
W. Goddard; T., L. S. Carpenter. A supper at
the Lincoln house followed the exercises in the
hall.
Kat Hi ent ion Spccche*' nt JlcchanirN Hull.
The people and the speakers and the band of
music were in Mechanics hall early Saturday
evening to ratify the nomination of Mr. George
Crompton for mayor. IL C. Rice, Esq., called
the meeting to order and announced the organi
zation, J. H. Walker, president, and IL A.
Marsh an I O. L. Hatch, secretaries —waiving
the long list of vice presidents, too common on
such occasions.
Mr. Walker made a brief speech on taking
the chair, expressing his wish to identify him
self with the party which bad nominated Mr.
George Crompton. He maintained that the cit
izens movements have never proved a success,
and proceeded to compare the republican witli
the democratic party, assuming that the latter
con trolled the so-called citizen’s movement. The
power of the republican party, lie said,
grows from the bottom upward, begin
ning with local organizations and cul
minating in the national government,
hence the necessity of supporting the republican
nominations here in this city. He then gave
the audience figures showing the success o( the
management ot the city’s finances during the
year 1871, as the result of thorough investiga
tion made by the finance committee of the city
council, of which he is a member. He bad
found, he said, that a new system was necessa
ry; but that did not prove a mistake in the ad
ministration. The present system of managing
the city’s business was calculated for the city
when its population was fourteen thousand; but
now that it has swelled to upwaixls ot forty
thousand, the old system will no longer answer
—methods must be adopted which will produce
better results. He did not believe any better re
sults could possibly be produced than were last
year if the same methods were used. He ex
plained several progressive movements, includ
ing an endeavor to procure an act to enable the
council to insist upon proper gates and guards
at railroad crossings, and a movement to re
duce the railroad tariff on raw material for man
ufacturers’ use. These measures, be assured
the audience, would be carried forward if the
ticker headed by George Crompton is elected.
The name of the republican candidate was
gr.'eted with applause.
At the close of liis remarks, Mr. Walker in
troduced ex-Gov. Bullock to address the au
dience.
GOV. BULLOCK S SPEECH.
Fellow Citizen#: My words shall be few
For 1 have come to your meeting rather with a
purpose to show my good will for the excellent
selection which has been made for the highest
office in the city, than to make any protracted
remarks, least of all to indulge in any passion
ate appeal to Hie voters. We all have one com
mon interest in supporting the growth and ad
vance of the city, and in maintaining its whole
some moral tone, for our benefit at home and for
our good name abroad; and we ought to confer
together without being misled into any undue
excitement or unbecoming personalities towards
the candidates.
In certain peculiarities of material progress
ami development there is no other city in New
Rugland like ours. We are building larger and
better Ilian the founders knew or imagined. We
arc outgrowing all the original designs and con
o ptions. Old landmarks disappear like dreams.
We are constantly obliged to discard that which
ten years ago was deemed adequate to the pub
lic necessities and the public convenience, and
to strike out upon new enterprises of larger
proportions, from year to year. Starting with
five thuiisand, as I first knew Worcester, it now
has more than f< riy thousnnd people—and is
still advancing, ibis is not a misfortune, it
is rather the evidence of good fortune cast
upon us by Providence. Out of this comes the
necessity of jlarger plans and larger expendi
tures. And these must be conducted by wise
and discreet men at the head of affairs,'—men
who can draw the line between extravagance,
on the one hand, mid parsimony, on the other,
with sagacity and judgment,—men who will
nut seek their personal distinction by estab
lishing a contrast of their own administration
with other administrations by stopping expen
ditures upon necessary public improvements,—
men, in short, who will carry forward the city
in iis career by that liberality in expenditure,
and that economy in applying it, which is the
striking characteiistic of the highest style of
business men, such as .you profess to be. I
think we want at the head of such a service as
this—mi l it is a very large service to expect
of any one—l think we want the best, most
successful and most energetic business man we
can find here. And I think, further, that our
observation and knowledge of his character,
enterprise and intelligent comprehension ol
the business wants of the town, war
rants me in saying that Mr. Crumpton is
not only truly but is eminently thatkindof man
among us. If any man had up to this time been
nominated, or if any man shall before Monday
morning be nominated, answering to these re
quirements better than Mr. Crompton, I would
give my vote for that candidate. But not hav
ing as yet seen such a candidate placed before
the public, 1 shall support Mr. Crompton as on
the whole the best exponent of the system of
liberal and economical progress for the city. He
is a fair type of the class ot men and the class
of interests which have made Worcester what it
is. He knows what public spirit and public en
terprise is, and he also knows the value of n
dollar. He has grown up in his own enter
prises in constant harmony with those of the
city, side by side with them, a part ol them, in
separable from them; and we shall be safe in
placing him in charge of them. 1 think it a
point gained to have a mayor whose life has
been passe 1 amid these enterprises and activi
ties, and who himself has been in constant and
lively sympathy with them.
Then', again, we want at the head of the gov
ernment of this city a man of high, manly,
robust, moral tone. All our own traditions and
experience suggest the importance of this, and
the present time requires it. There is rising all
over the country a spirit that demands reform
in the style of civil administration. The neces
sity for this demand has culminated, you per
haps would say, in New York. But the same
ne;es iiy 'elsewhere. It exists under dem
ocratic administration, and it exists under re
publican administration. Human nature mani
fests the same infirmities, the same weakness
before temptations, in democratic officials and
in republican officials. In all cases, what is
wanted is the incorruptible and straightforward
man—the man who lias no sly winks or side
wav glances, but who has an eye that is single,
lull orbed, and wide open for the public service
and for every public trust he assumes. If in
any of the men holding the offices, there be any
irregularities, impurities,or participations in the
prulits of public contracts, however considera
ble or however trifling they may appear to be,
let them be rooted out of their places, and be
thrust back into their private relations with
their fellow citizens, where their fellow citizens
will know how to protect themselves. If you
can show me acandidate lor any cue of the of
fices who is justly suspected of such irregulari
ties, it matters little with me whether
he be called a democrat or a republican, for in
cither case he is an unworthy and dishonest
public servant, and I denounce him as fit onlv
to be spurned when we approach the polls. I
especially deem it of the chicl importance that
the head of the government, the mayor, should
bring to his high office a character of his own—
such a character as will furnish a guaranty and
security against any of these temptations, ihc
government of this city is nowadays disbursing
very large amounts of the public money—mure
money than was formerly disbursed by the gov
ernment of this commonwealth. The tempta
tions to little participations, as you would call
them, will beget Ilie opportunities for little par
ticipations, and unless the character of the
mayor shall stand in the way as a barrier, these
will increase and multiply until they will be
come an intolerable burden and a moral olfunce
to every decent citizen. The country is alive
yyith this practice. It is the meanest and most
icprubcßsiblc style ot swindling, and 1 would be
glad to twu every man who dabbles in it, from
high to low, transported to the slate of Dela
ware, where I undertUhial they still retain the
plllpry and the whipping post.
Now I sqUmit tQ mv lellow citizens, tfi^t qs
the first corrective, the first security agajust
thesa corrupt practice?, «q far as we here are
I concerned, it is a paramount necessity that the
highest office, that of mayor, should be filled by
;i )fian al) whose antecedents, all whose tendeii-
ties, all whose associations and fellowships,
whose entire character so far as it is known by the
citizens, will bear the closest public scrutiny
ami the largest public approval. Let the mayor
of your city be a person who has no art or
trickery about him; and whois known not to be
among those who practice art and trick and de
vice. Let ns have a mayor, who begins incor
ruptible, and whose training and company will
keep him incorruptible, beyond reproach or sus
picion. I have very little fear that any man can
ba chosen mayor by the intelligent and moral
voters of Worcester, who himself would profit
from the public expenditures. No party has
ever nominated for that office here a man who
would do any such thing as that. But this is not
enough. In times like these—-when participa
tions and pickings so commonly prevail—what
we need is, somebody at the helm who won’t let
anybody else run the ship upon the mudflats of
corruption. The sort of man for mayor at such
a time as this, is one whose own individual tone,
influence and personal character will reduce the
probability that any other officer under him will
practice anything but honesty; who will dis
countenance, rebuke and make public disclosure
of any’misconduct in the subordinate and asso
ciate officials, whether they fill aidermen's chairs
or light the lamps which are strewn along your
avenues. 1 believe Mr. Crompton to be that
sort of man. I have known him from his be
ginning, when be had not money enough to
buy a turning lathe, through all bis subsequent
career of prosperity, and if at every stage of his
advance be has not proved himself the soul of
honor and honesty, then I have entirely misun
derstood him. fiic type of character, which 1
have spoken of,—the example of his own life,
which is what 1 think we need,—the training
and associations which are essential as a guar
anty of a pure administration of a high public
office;—these are represented in him, and they
go to move my judgment hi supporting him.
To these considerations, which influence me,
many of you may add, if you choose, those of
party politics. I think less of them than per
haps a majority of you think, and 1 doubt if
you can carry the people in that direction. 1
can conceive a state of public affairs in which the
political relations ol the candidate for munici
pal office might govern my vote, but I do not
recognize that as a paramount consideration in
ordinary times. Nor do 1 think yon have ever
had great Inc in trying to read nien out of the
political parties, the one or the other, because of
any votes they may have pleased to cast for mu
nicipal officers. The reason is, that business is
too much a home affair, altogether too much an
affair inside the local family, to become the
measure and standard by which to judge men
in their relations to the affairs of the state or
the nation. No, my fellow citizens, I place my
preference of candidates for city officers oil
higher ground than that. Igo for Mr. Cromp
ton, not b^ause lie is a republican, but because
1 regard him most fit for the office to which
you seek to elect him. And it will be mv
pleasure to exercise the same discrimination in
relation to the candidates for the other offices.
1 shall look over the list of the gentlemen who
are so kind as to consent to serve the city, and
shall place upon my ballot the names of those
who may seem most fit for the respective places
whether they be republicans or democrats, a
little of each, or nothing of either—Roman
Catholic», Methodists, Episcopalians, or Seventh
day Baptists—lawyers, mechanics, or gentlemen
at large—looking chiefly to see if by their life,
and character, and associations they appear tu
be beyond eveiy suspicion of danger from ex
posure to the temptations which in our day are
spread like a snare over the path of the public
officer.
F. P. Goulding, Esq., the next speaker, advo
cated the election of republican nominees tor
municipal officers, and thought that if the party
was worth anything it was worth while to keep
it up in municipal matters. The question, he
argued, was between the democratic party of
the citv of Worcester and the republican party
contending that the citizens’ parly was simply
the democratic party, and sharply reviewing the
position of their candidate for mayor. He
thought the result of the issues in 1872 were not
so absolutely certain that the local organizations
can be neglected. He thought a fallacy lurked
under the proposition to go for good men re
gardless of party, and dwelt at length upon a
comparison of the c haracterof George Crompton
with that of George F. Verry.
Hon. W. W. Rice followed Mr. Goulding in a
speech, setting forth the peculiar fitness of Mr.
Crompton for mayor of the city of Worcester at
this time. He believed the republican party had
looked about thoroughly for a man to be mayor,
and had at last found one who towered above all
others for qualifications, such usability, enter
prise, thrift and economy; and after laboring long
and persistent^' with that man lie had consented
to forego personal inclinations, sacrifice his time
for the benefit of the city and give his valuable
attention to itt business. From the head of the
republican ticket down, lie believed that no
names appeared of (hose who had sought for
office. He spoke of the high moral characterof
the republican nominee, and the certainty of
his election to accomplish much for the advance
ment of the prosperity of the city. He did not
want, lie said, (his city which he loved dwarfed
and cramped by a niggardly policy in the future
—he believed in liberality. He denounced rhe
people who constantly growl about “the ring,”
and thought they would come nearer the mark
of duty themselves if they would go to caucuses
and work for the party. He explained some
what the needs of the city, and finished by call
ing upon all the republicans present al the
meeting to work faithfully during the one day
left them.
rhe closing remarks were made by tiie chair
man, who referred to the object for which he
took a seat in the city council, for the specific
purpose of aiding in so organizing the business
in the several departments that it would be
done as wisely as in the management of a pri
vate cnterprizc. He believed that if the ticket
headed by Mr. Crompton was elected, such a’re
siUt would be brought about.
COUNTY NI^VS.
The republican convention in the 9lh congres
sional district to nominate a successor to Hon
Win. B. Washburn will be held at Greenfield on
the 20th inst.
There are living in Holden three persons in
one family whose united ages are 250.
Col. James May, formerly of Fitchburg, was
badly burned at Turner’s Falls a few days since
in attempting to extinguish a fire.
The town of Athol is encouraging a new
gravestone manufactory to establish itself there,
and the editor of the Chronicle has no doubt of
the success of the business if well conducted.
The Wachusett ministerial conference will
hold a meeting next Tuesday at 10 o’clock a. m.,
with the Rev. C. M. Bowers, I). D., at Clinton.
A full attendance is invited including the wives
of clergymen.
The Milford Journal says Rev. Mr. Howe, rec
tor of the Episcopal church thero, has concluded
to resign his pastorate in consequence of ina
bility to find a suitable house for a residence for
his family.
William Ford, a brakeman, on the Boston,
Hartford and Erie railload was knocked oil* a
freight train and killed by abridge in Webster
Friday. He belonged in Boston and was making
his last trip over the road.
A fellow in Fitchburg was arrested last Friday
evening with a dummy man in his possession
on which a s>3o suit was displayed. The clothing
dealer from the front of whose store the dummy
was enticed, wants people to let his false men
alone at their posts.
Mrs. Maria Haskell of Barre, an old lady of
seventy-three, fell while walking on the frozen
ground one day hist week, and broke one arm,
broke her nose, dislocated one thumb, besides re
ceiving other bruises about the head and face;
but she picked herself up and walked to her
home, a half-mile or more from the place of the
accident. She was covered with blood when she
got to the house.
Mr. Benjamin Twiehell of Athol celebrated
his golden wedding the other day at the age of
eighty-four. 'Hie Chronicle says that for the
last seventy-three years he has swung a scythe
without missing a single year. Judging from
the scythe part of the description, we suspect
that almanac-makers have taken the liberty to
use his likeness, taken in the great act of swing
ing.
Fike in North Bkookfield.—About half
past lour o’clock Sat unlay morning a tire was
discovered in the boot and shoe manufactory of
Messrs. Edmands, Duncan Hurlbutt of North
Brookfield, which, together with its contents,
was entirely destroyed, and also the barn of
Mrs. Lyman Walker. The origin of the tire is
supposed to have been from a delect in a chim
pey, which was blown to have been on tire the
evening before. It 7as feared at one time that en
tire part of the village would he destroyed—five
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 11, 1871.
houses in the immediate neighborhood were on
fire at one time, but all were extinguished with
out much loss, except the bouse of Mrs. Lyman
Walker, which was badly damaged. Messrs.
Edmands, Duncan Hurlbut’s loss is unknown;
supposed to be well insured. The fire department
of West Brookfield were on hand and ready for
action in a creditable short space of time after
the alarm was sounded, too late, however, to
render much service, but deserving the thanks
of the citizens for their promptness. By this
fire, some seventy-five hands are thrown out of
employment, but will no doubt find work in the
other manufactories in town.
Funeral of the l,atc Kev. Dr. .Nchou—
VI cinor ia I Discourse by Rev. A. KI.
Coolidge.
The funeral of the late Rev. John Nelson, D.
D., of Leicester, took place on Saturday, at the
Congregational church, where he Inui officiated
as pastor for nearly sixty years. There was a
large attendance, especially of the older mem
bers of the congregation. The church was ap
propriately draped in mourning. The services,
which were conducted by Rev. A. 11. Coolidge,
associate and successor of the deceased, and
were of tiie most impressive character, began at
twelvi o’clock. The body was taken to the
church an hour previous, and large numbers
availed themselves of the opportunity to
take a last look at the remains of their ven
erated pastor. After the singing of the hymn,
“How blest the righteous when lie dies,” the 23d
and 91st Psalms, the 22d chapter of Revelations,
and portions of the 4th chapter ot 2d Timothy
were read by Rev. Mr. Coolidge, who then gave
a brief address, beginning by stating that it
was the expressed wish of Dr. Nelson that the
services at his t'uueral might be very simple,
and that no fornutl eulogy might be pronounced
on the occasion. Such a service, he said, was
peculiarly appropriate, in connection with one
who was himself so unpretending and so beau
tifnliy adorned with the grace of humility. In
allusion to the exalted worth of the deceased,
to whom all paid such reverential homage, he
said, whenever- we think ot him there rises before
us the imag-c of a completed life. Few have
ever labored so steadily, faithfully ami long.
Called of G<ml in childhood, converted at the
age of fifteen, for many years the youngest mem
ber of the Old South church in Worcester,
he early gave bis life to God and bis gifts
and strength to the Christain ministry. His
lite of singular purity, simplicity, and loveli
ness has been a silent but convincing testimony
to bet excellence of the religion be taught.
After seventy years of Christian devotion, and
sixty of ministerial service, having outlived
three’generations, he lays bis burden down and
“enters into rest.” Receiving to the last the
loving ministrations of her whom he had sup
ported and on whom Jie hail leaned for.ahnost
sixty years, with saiuMy trust and a tranquil
hope “he fell asleep.”
All the members of the council which ordain
ed him have been long dead. Of those who
were 'pastors of Congregational churches on
this continent at that time, only two are now
associated with the churches to which they then
ministered, and so far as is known, these are the
only remaining pastors of this denomination in
the country who were then ordained ministers
All the members of the church that welcomed
the deceased at his entrance upon the ministry
in Leicester in 1812, when he was a young man
of twenty-six, witli a single exception, have
gone before him. And of all those to whom lie
ministered, how few are left to mourn his death.
One of the two living pastors who were settled
before Dr. Nelson, was his classmate. Dr. Stuns,
of Braintree. Between these two there existed
a rare and beautiful friendship. “Were he able
to be here to-day,” said Mr. Coolidge,
“his eloquent lips rather than mine
would more appropriately have given expression
to our love and sorrow and hopes, on this occa
sion.” Mr. C. then read a letter from Dr. Storrs,
giving a beautiful tribute to the high, Christian
character and moral and social worth of bis life
long friend.
Alter prayer by Rev. Dr. Blagdon, ol the Old
Sou til church, Boston, and the singing of the
hymn “Unveil thy bosom, faithful tomb,” the
exercises closed, when the remains of the de
ceased were followed to their last resting place
in Pine Grove cemetery, by a long procession of
mourners.
The memorial discourse on the life and charac
ter of the deceased was preached yesterday
morning by Rev. Mr. Coolidge, before a crowd
ed congregation. He took his text from Prov.
11:30, “The fruit of the righteous is a tree of
life,” &c. He began by saying, “it was not
only appropriate but necessary that the services
at the funeral of the venerable pastor of this
church should be short and simple, and that
any extended review of his life and character
should be deferred until some other occasion.
Our leader has gone before us to take his crown.
His work for us is completed, and he lias enter
ed into the rest that remaineth to the people of
God. The words ol the text are an epitome of
his mission and character.”
Dr. Nelson was born in Hopkinton, May 9,
1786, and when he was twelve yearsol age,'his
father (Jonathan Nelson) moved to Worcester
with bis five children and joined the Old South
church, of which Itev. Samuel Austin, D. D.,
was then pastor. At the age of eighteen John
entered Williams college, and graduated in 1807,
without a superior in his class, and after teach
ing school, and studying theology fur awhile
with Dr. Austin, he was for a short time precep
tor in Leicester academy, of which Rev. Zeph
aniah Swift Moore, the predecessor of Dr. Nel
son as pastor of this church, was the principal
preceptor. Mr. Nelson was then for two years
tutor in Williams college, after which lie re
turned to Worcester and finished his theological
studies with Dr. Austin, the straightened pecu
niary circumstances of his father rendering it
necessary tor the son to resort to teaching as a
means of obtaining money. He began to preach
in Leicester in the fall of 1811, as a stated sup
ply, and was ordained and installed pastor of
the church March 4,1812, his predecessor, Dr.
Moore, having been elected to a professorship in
Dar mo nth college.
The settlement of a pastor was then a com
paratively unusual event, and created a wide
sensation. The day was clear and cool, the
sleighing was excellent, and the whole com
munity of towns was interested in the event. It
is said that by actual count there were twelve
hundred sleighs around the common that day,
and that a concourse of three thousand persons
assembled, but a fraction of whom could of
course enter the church. The sermon was by
his pastor ami theological instructor, Rev. Dr.
Austin. Of all that great assembly how few'
have survived the young minister. He was
married soon after his ordination to Zibiah,
daughter of Abijah Bigelow' of Barre, who sur
vives him.
Thus at the age of twenty-six years Mr. Nel
son began bis long ami useful ministry in
l^icester, which was then a town of twelve hun
dred inhabitants. There were then no factories
there, and there were only twenty houses in
what is now the centre village. The Baptist
church in Greenville and the Society of Friends
were the only other religious organizations in
the town. The services of the Sabbath on this
bleak bill were conducted without any lire in
the meeting house. There was no Sab
bath school, and though evening meet
ings for conference ami prayer had
been established a short time before by Dr.
Moore, they were still regarded with much sus
picion by many of the leading ministers and
church members. The church numbered 65
members, 18 of whom were males. They were
all aged people or in mature life. He was the
tilth pastor of the church, which was organized
something more than 15U years ago, and his pas
torate covers two-fifths of its entire history. The
little church of 65 has increased to 250, and
during his ministry 678 persons were added to
its membership. During the last 20 years he
has shared with his younger associates the care
of the parish, but lor forty years he discharged
all the duties of the trust. Through all those
years he had the partial or entire charge ol the
public schools in town, and was also a faithful
guardian of the academy. His parish was the
w hole town, and he was an actor in all the in
tellectual and moral enterprises of the comma
nity. He must have officiated at between
400 and 500 weddings, ami at not far
from a thousand funerals, while the number
of his sermons amounted to 3000. He preached
ten ordination sermons, and on various other
extraordinary occasions. He was 59 years a
trustee of Leicester academy, 37 years its presi
dent, for seven wars a trustee of Williams col
lege, from which he received the title ol I). D.,
and for nine years a trustee of An)het st college.
He was for 29 years a corporate member of tin*
A. B. C F. M. Formerly a memlrerof the
Brookfield association, he was one of the
founders of the Worcester Central association
in 1828, and of the Worcester central
conference of churches in 1852 and
preached the first sermon before each
of these bodies. In 1824, he was active in
the formation ol our county missionary sovietv,
of which be was the president for 20 years. He
was interested in and associated with the lead
ing benevolent enterprises of the church, ami
especially with the American board, with the
circumstances of whose formation he was per
sonally familiar, and whose second meeting
held in Worcester he attemled, in the day of
small things, when the public exorcises hardly
called together a hundred persons.
Mr. Coolidge, after allusion to many other
interesting reminiseenccs connected with the
life of the deceased, and the great changes
which had transpired in the world during his
long ministry, closed witli a feeling tribute to
his character and worth.
The fifth day of Mareli last was communion
season with his church. On the previous day
Dr. Nelson had entered upon the sixtieth year
of his ministerial office. Too feeble to attend
the public services, he desired to commemorate
the Lord’s Supper at his own house. It was an
occasion never to be forgotten. When he took
the cup it was with a trembling hand, and he
sat while giving thanks. At the close of the cer
emony he spoke ot his reliance on Christ as the
only hope of salvation. That afternoon a com
munication written the day before, March 4th,
the 59th anniversary of bis settlement, was read
to his congregation. This was his last direct
address to this church. It bore his “solemn un
swerving testimony that Jesus Christ is the
way, the truth, and the life, and the only name
under heaven whereby we can he saved.”
The circumstances attending his last sickness
and death were in full harmony with the spirit
of his life. His confidence in the gospel lie had
so long preached grew stronger and stronger,
and his taith more assured and confiding.
In the afternoon, a discourse, making appro
priate referenix* to the associations connected with
the deceased, was preached by Rev. A. C. Denni
son, of Connecrieut, the predecessor of Mr.
Coolidge as colleague of Dr. Nelson.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THIC WOKCHSTEK DAILY
FROM EUROPE.
<Mi*eut llriluiu.
THE PRINCE STILL LIVING.
London, Dec. 9—B r. m.—The prince of
Wales’ great prostration is due to hemorrhage
of ulcers on the intestines, it is feared that one
of the intestines wilt be perforated. In that
case, be would die suddenly by a collapse, like
Earl Chesterfield.
A QUIET NIGHT.
Dec. 10—9 a. m.—Sir Wm. Jenner and other
physicians in attendance upon the prince of
Wales have just issued a bulletin, stating that
his royal highness passed a quiet night. The
prostration, however, still exists, but the grave
symptons of the disease under which the prince
is snficring have not increased.
SLIGHT IMPROVEMENT.
1 I’, m.— Hie following official bulletin is just
posted:
“Santirinfiharn— Noon. —The prince passed
the morning tranquilly, and his general condi
tion is now somewhat more satisfactory than
yesterday.’’
HIS CONDITION MORE THAN CRITICAL.
5 p. m.—The latest belletins from Sandring
ham announce that up to noon the prince of
Wales’ condition remained almost unchanged,
and that he is reganled as in a very precarious
condition. His family have all been summoned
ami are now present. No little comment is cre
ated throughout the kingdom by this intelli
gence, and there are fears that the popular
thought will take a disagreeable form.
LITTLE CHANGE.
10 p. m.—The prince slept at intervals during
the evening, but up tu the present time there is
no indication of improvement which will war
rant his ultimate recovery, his condition having
remained the same since noon.
NO ABATEMENT OF DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS.
10:30 p. M.—The prince lias been restless dur
ing the evening, and there is no abatement in
the dangerous symptoms of his disease. Tiie
low condition of the prince causes the most
painful anxiety, and intense excitement pre
vails throughout London and the kingdom.
no CHANGE.
Dec. 11—2 a. m.—The following bulletin is
just issued:
“Sanili iiHjharn—l :30 A. —The prince has
slept a little, but there is no change in his symp
toms.”
ALL HOPE ABANDONED.
SA. m.—lt is manifest from the actions of sym
pathy everywhere, ami prayers for the prince of
Wales, that the symptons of death arc very im
minent, and that all hope of recovery is aban
doned. Tin’ queen and Princess Alexandria are
bearing the fatigue well, and the latter will
hardly leave the sick room.
Vrn urc.
CHANGE IN THE GOVERNMENT—THIERS TO
WITH DRAW.
Paris, Dee. 9.—There is to be a change in the
government. Thiers will relinquish the presi
dency in favor of Duc iFAumale. He has agreed
to this movement with the duke, and all influen
tiaJ menibers of the right approve. The Orleans
princes will not take seats until this plan is car
ried out; then the change will be effected <li
rectly. All the details were arranged. The
cause of the change is Thiers' inability to with
stand the right, which lias returned from the
provinces very hostile, ami bis fear of the con
stantly increasing power of the imperialists in
the army.
COLD WEATHER IN FRANCE.
Extremely cold weather prevails here. The
mercury in the thermometer is 13 degrees liclow
zero. Thu river Seine is frozen over.
Fire Record.
AT ROCKVILLE, IND.— LOSS $51,000.
Teriie H ai ie, Dec. 10.—The entire east side
of the public square of Rockville, the shire town
of Park coumy, was totally destroyed by fire
Friday night.
AT NEWARK—LOSS SIO,OOO.
New York, Dec. 10.—Fifteen thousand ties,
belonging to the New Jersey West Line railroad,
were burned yesterday at Newark. Loss SIO,OOO
to $15,000.
AT PATERSON LOSS $20,000.
New York, Duc. 10.—Van Houten’s planing
mill, in Paterson, and some adjoining property,
were burned yesterday. Loss^ $20,000; insured
lor $5500.
AT LEXINGTON, KY. LOSS $20,000.
Lexington, Dec. 10.—A private retreat for
the insane, situated on the Marysville pike, was
totally destroyed by fire last evening, with a loss
of $20,000. Fortunately, all the inmates were
removed before the danger became imminent.
AT TERRE HAUTE.
Terre Haute, Dec. 10.—The extensive steam
cooperage establishment at Terre Haute, owned
by the Messrs. Carter Brothers, was burned yes
terday with a loss of SIO,OOO.
AT DORCHESTER—LOSS SBOOO.
Boston, Dec. 10.—A fire this evening dam
aged the house of Lucy Stone on Boutwell av
neue, Dorchester, to the amount of SBOOO.
AT EAST WINDSOR, CONN. LOSS S7OOO.
Hartford, Dec. 10.—Three barns and two
tobacco sheds, with contents, inchidiug five
cows and other cattle, belonging to G B Felley,
in East Windsor, was burned by an incendiary
fire Saturday night. Loss S 7000; insurance
S3OOO.
Criminal Record.
A WOULD-BE MURDERER.
Galena, Due. 10.—A young man, eighteen
years old, giving his name as Reynolds, was ar
rested Friday evening for theft, when lie stated
that he murdered a Boston policeman named
Dan Shea, in May last, but his story has but
little credence with the authorities.
THE KUKLL'X TRIALS.
Columbia, S. C., Due. 10.—In the federal
court, Saturday, the government entered a nolle
prosequi in the first indictment against Bealton
and others, and presented a new indictment
charging murder.
The* Weather.
Washington, Dee. 10.—Clear weather, with
southwesterly winds, prevailed during the day
from Georgia. Ilie barometer will probably
(.ill very generally by Monday throughout the
United States, ami especially in Pennsylvania
and New Euglan I, with brisk southwest winds
and threatening weather.
STILL COLD.
The weather here is intensely cold. The ther
mometer to-night is at 21) degrees below zero.
The Seine is lightly tiozen over, and a heavy
fall of snow impedes railroad traffic.
AN UNPLEASANTNESS.
There is a complete disagreement between
Theirs and the Orleans princes respecting the
lights of the latter to seats in the assembly.
The London Echo says that France will soon
renounce her commercial treaty with Belgium,
At Philad*lphin (lie deaths from small pox
last week were 198, a decrease of thirty-tour
from the previous week.
The strike of the English telegraphers is be
coming general. It is extending to ail the large
cities, and threatens tu cause much inconve
nience.
From Washington.
(SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE WORCESTER SPY.|
Washington, D. C., Dec. 10, 1871.
MR. ALLISON.
Mr. Allison, of lowa, was in town Saturday,
looking after his senatorial prospects.
BEATRICE SOLD FOK SIO,OOO.
{Horatio Stone’s statue of Beatrice lias been sold
to 11. S. McComb, of Wilmington, Delaware,
for ten thousand dollars.
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Several influential southern republicans are
pushing the claims of Gen. Bristow, of Ken
tucky, for Attorney General Ackerman’s po
sition.
STILL NO APPLICATION.
No applications have yet been received for
the Springfield post office, and the chief clerk
will continue in charge for the present.
COUNTING COIN.
A special commission, consisting of Messrs.
Riggs and Middleton, bankers, of this city, and
Ross Ray, of Georgetown, is investigating the
affairs of the treasury department They were
counting cash all day yesterday and to-day.
THE OHIO SENATORSHIP.
The Ohio republicans have decided to bring
out Judge Bingham as a senatorial candidate,
and his friends will work hopefully for his suc
cess, as a compromise candidate on which the
entire republican vote can be consolidated.
TOBACCO.
Four members of the ways and means com
mittee Mcssr-. Dawes, Kelley, Maynard and
one other—have promised the tobacco men to
advocate a reduction of tax to sixteen cents per
pound, from which it is inferred that they ex
pect to collect in customs what they take off
from the internal tax.
TALK ABOUT NEW STATES.
A careful canvass of the opinions of individual
members of both houses of congress shows that
there is but little hope for the admission of any
new states the present winter at least; whatever
may be the tendency toward president mak
ing, the disposition for creating new states is
limited to the border states and delegates from
ambitious territories. Three enabling acts have
already been drawn up providing for the admis
sion of Utah, Colorado and New Mexico, but
previous experience with new states of small
population having a disproportionate representa
tion has rather disgusted congress with this
whole business.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
The southern claims commission will report
to-morrow on about five hundred and fifty cases,
covering three quarters of a million of dollars,
being only about one-fifth of the amount the
claimants asked for. The commission bus now
on file ten thousand claims, involving over
twenty-five millions of dollars, and it will be
utterly impossible for them to finish their work
in the two years allowed them by law. They
have examined over a thousand witnesses during
the seven months they have been at work.
Their teport will be submitted to Ilie house com
mittee on claims, and it is expected that it will
be substantially approved.
THE WOMAN SUFFRAGISTS.
The woman suffrage convention closed with a
full house last night. The Wotulhull wing is in
the ascendant in this city, and the complaint is
made that the sessions just ended have been
heavy and too Bostonian for this latitude. Rep
resentative Hoar, of Worcester, was the princi
pal speaker at|the meeting last evening. Mrs.
Livermore preached to a large audience in the
Universalist church this morning, and Rev.
James Freeman Clarke to another in the Na
tional theatre, this evening. Mrs Woodhull an
nounces a convention of her followers January
10 and 12. Kelon,
[To the Associated Pw>ss.l
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
Washington, Dee. 10.—The senate will prob
ably act tliis week on the supplemental conven
tion with Mexico for the settlement of claims,
as the original will soon expire.
CONCERNING CUBA,
'flic government has no information from
Cuba requiring specific legislation. Should any
thing occur requiring the consideration of con
gress, it will lie coni mun lea ted by special nies-
STRONG MEASURES FOR UTAH.
The Lill introduced by Senator (’ragin pro
vides stringent means for the execution of the
law against polygamy and incestuous cohabita
tion in Utah; fora reorganization of (he terri
torial militia, and the suppression of the so
called legislature ol Deseret.
MR. AKERMAN.
Attorney General Akerman has said nothing
whatever to the president about leaving the
cabinet, nor has the president said anything to
Mr. Akerman on the subject. Menibersol con
gress ami others have freely expressed them
selves in favor of a change and arc endeavoring
to ettect it.
legal titles wanted.
A bill will soon be presented tc congress from
the Indian commission, enabling white settlers
to secure legal title to hinds in Bitter Root val
ley, Montana, now held as reservation by Flat
head Indians, who are always friendly to the
whites, allowing them to settle among them.
The Northern Pacific road is expected to pass
through these lauds.
THE CIVIL SERVICE.
The bill introduced by Senator Edmunds, to
regulate the civil service, provides that ap
pointments to ail offices, except postmasters ami
such as are required by law to lie made by the
president with the consent ot the senate, shall
depend upon open competitive examination, and
that a board of commissioners be appointed for
five years, unless sooner removed by the presi
dent with the consent of the senate.
GOLD CERTIFICATES FOR BOSTON.
.Speaker Blaine some weeks since wrote to
Secretary Boutwell, in regard to tiie inconve
nience resulting to Boston and other portions of
Ne v England by reason of not having gold
certificates redeemed at the sub-treasury in Bos
ton. Parties in Boston were compelled to send
them to New York for redemption, and were
thus exposed to the risk of loss of interest, &c.
The secretary,in answer to the represeu tat ions of
the speaker, has ordered that, in the matter of
gold certificates, Boston be placed on precisely
the same looting as New York,
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Dec. 10,—Theodore Thomas, with
his entire music organization, assisted by the
Handel and Haydn society, gave a grand gala
concert this evening, at Music hall, in honor of
Alexis, who was present with his suite and in
vited guests. The programme was especially
selected fur the occasion, and included several
pieces by Russian composers, and various
specialities ol (lie choral and orchestral forces.
There was an immense and delighted audience.
Notwithstanding the pressure fur tickets, Mr.
Thomas declined advancing on his regular
>nee of one dollar. The duke and suite left the
mH before the conclusion of the concert, and
proceeded to Cambridge in company with Pres
ident Eliot, at whose imitation they were to
visit the observatory.
MINOR MATTERS.
Mr. Amos Pickard lias been reappointed clerk
to the senate committee on appropriations.
Negotiations fur a commercial treaty with
Spain will suon be concluded.
KiTliere is likely lo be little business before the
house military committee. Legislation upon the
subject of the start' of the army is, however,
probable.
Postmaster General Creswell has officially de
cided that while there is nothing in the postal
laws which prohibits the establishment of a post
office in a retail liquor shop, he objects Io it,
and will not give his consent, that it be done.
Petitions aie being received from stationers
in Boston and elsewhere against the supply* of
envelopes being printed with addresses by the
post office department, in order that letters may
be returned to Ihesenders if necessary.
Gen. Butler expects that congress will pro
ceed with the revision of the laws, chapter by
chapter, as tbev are furnished by the commis
sioners, ami that the work will be completed so
that the “revised statutes" can be made the laws
of the land on and after March 4, 1873.
The president has appointed Henry Moodey
and R. W. Furness of Nebraska, L. A. Gobiight
of the District of Columbia, commissioners to
attend the centenary annivcisary of American
independence at Philadelphia.
Supcivisiim Architect Mallett having examin
ed, since the second lire, the building in which
the state department is located, repoits that it
is liable to fall at any time from the weight of
the archives.
Only thirteen claims of American citizens re
siding in Cuba have been filed with the Spanish-
American mixed claims commission for proper
ty destroyed since the commencement of the in
surrection in Cuba.
A*quiet;but active canvass is going on in fa
vor of the postal telegraph scheme, as recom
mended in the president’s message. The friends
Of the measure appear to be sanguine of of suc
cess.
Careful Inquiry fails to find a single democrat
who knows anything regarding the alleged
scheme lor the impeach incut of President Grant,
democrats as well as republicans all appearing
to scout such an idea.
A foreipi minister resident here telegraphed
PRK E I ENTS.
to the Spanish government at Madrid, to know
whether the Spanish war vessel had been in
structed to blockade or in anv wise iurertere
with the Hornet at Port-au-Prince, the Florida
al st. Thoma-', or the Virginia ar Aspinwall.
He has received an answer saying that no such
orders have lieen given.
General Banks’ bill fur earn ing out the pro
visions of the treaty of Washington in reference
to the fisheries, will probably be referred to the
house committee on foreign affairs, of which the
general is chairman, when lie presents it on
Monday. There is opposition to anv immediate
action on it, at least it is thought that congress
should know what the I nihd States are to pay
lor the privilege of fishing in the waters claimed
by the provinces before they admit fish caught
by the citizens of those provinces free of duty.
Our New York Dispatches.
The Ca»c of Conaoiiy—A Question of Jn
riailivlion -The Casr of the Howling
Kilrceia Bnnk—Wholesale Markets— Prc
cautioiiN Against |l*'ire— Heavy Foreign
.Hail, etc.
New York, Dee. 10. —A morning paper of
yesterday asserted that Commodore C. K. Gar
rison lias acted as mediator between Mr. Con
nolly mid the counsel representing the attorney
general, mid that Counollv had offered to re
store to the city 81,000,009 to avoid further pros
ecution. Also that Mr. O’Cotior would listen
to no arrangement not providing for the assign
ment of $1,000,000 worth of flic ex-controller's
propertv in trust, pending thedecision of the ac
tion. The counsel on both sides were in Albany
to attend the proceedings before Judge Learned,
so that no information could be obtained from
them, but ail others interested unite in denying
the story. Mr. Connoil\ denies that he has of
fered to restore $1,090,000 or any other amount;
but admits that steps were taken by his counsel
tu secure his release. What these steps were he
is unable to say, as he is not aware of their na
ture.
Commodore Garrison, uhen called upon, de
nied emphatically that Mr. Connolly had ottered
to make restitution of 81,090,000 or any sum.
As be understood the case, Ilie ex-controller was
not worth that amount; the friends of the lat
ter, however, had offered to “do something’' to
ettect Mr. Connolly’s release. He had only dune
what lie thought his duty in endeavoring to get
back to tiie city that to which it was entitled;
mid all lie knew about the printed report was
that friends of Mr. Connolly had interested
themselves to secure his release. He added that
he did not wish his name coupled with ring
matters; that he bad not signed any bail-bond,
nor did he intend to do so; that he was no way
interested in the affairs of tiie late city leaders,
ami that what little he had done was dimply as
a citizen acting in the best interests of the city.
This, as far as can be ascertained, is the only
ground for the story.
There is the deepest interest felt upon the
question of jurisdiction in the Connolly matter.
Mr. D’Conor claims that the bonds to pay the
fraudulent court house warrants were issued
without provision for their redemption; that the
whole subject, therefore, recurred for considera
tion to the state authorities; mid that this fact
gives the state a standing iu court to sue lor
the recovery of the money. If this point be
sustained, some important consequences may
follow, in view of the many millions of dollars
of similar frauds perpetrated in the southern
states. Mr. O’Conor ahead) has received ap
plications lor copies of his Iniels in these cases,
lo be consulted in preparing similar eases
against public officers in southern states.
The investigation into the accounts of the
Bowling Green bank was continued yesterday
afternoon, but the committee have not* thus far
succeed'*d in discovering any irregularities in
the books. Oue of the examining committees
says that Ilie depositors will be paid at least
ninety-five cents on the dollar, and probably the
full amount due them. Filly percent will, tliev
think, be paid before the I—t of January, and
the remainder within six months from that date.
One of the committee expressed lii.s opinion
that there was no good reason for the stoppage
of the bank, mid added that he believed many
of the depositois were now ot the same opinion.
The wholesale markets during the hast week
have been dull. Flour was quiet at low prices,
but was rather higher al the close. Wheat has
been dull, the supplies being larger than was
anticipated, the market dosing (inner. Com
was in good demand at higher quotations. Pork
was tolerably active at low quotations, hut the
market was stronger at the cluse. Sugars have
been quiet. Cottun has fluctuated greatlv, and
both shippers and consumers have acted with
great caution.
The commissioners held a special meeting
yesterday, and resolved to adopt the recommend
ation of the committee on apparatus to the efled
that the reserve force ol the department be iu
crcased to meet any possible enierycney.
One thousand six hundred and one foreign
registered letters went out in the steamer’s mail
from the post office yesterday (he largest num
ber by several hundred ever forwarded anv one
day,
Stephen T. Carpenter, a young man who re
cently forfeited liis bail of $2509, on which he
was held for forging a post office money-order,
and eloped to Lanshigburg, N. Y., with a young
lady whom he inaiTied, has been rearrested and
brought back to this city.
At two o'clock yesterday morning, an officer
found the dead body of an infant in Houston
street, near the Bowery. The child had evident
ly been murdered, and to prevent detection the
body had been mutilated so as to render it im
possible to distinguish either the sex or the fea
tures. It had been cut in hall across the thighs,
the legs divided at the knees, and the entire
scalp torn off, besides other minor mutilations.
The Bible warat Hunter’s Point, has ended in
a compromise between the Catholic committee
and the commissioners; all the expelled are to
be taken liack, Catholics are notLooppose the
reading of Scriptures, and Catholic children
will be allowed to remain in class rooms during
religious exercises.
The chamber of commerce is negotiating for
the purchase of the ground occupied by (be old
post office, on which to erect a handsome edifice.
Gon. Cluseret has not yet arrived here, but is
expected from Europe about New Year's. The
report that lie has accepted a Mexican command
is untrue.
Samuel Wallace was arrested yesterday (or
playing a confidence game, by purchasing
$109,000 of goods of various merchants, osten
sibly for a heavy house iu Santa I<. He ob
tained none of the goods and will lie discharged.
Frank Maguire was moitidh wounded last
night, on 19th street, by Frank Sexton, with a
blow of a razor across his throat.
The old Williamsburg ferry boats are official
ly doomed.
The Bowling Green savings bank will pay
fifty per cent, by January; and forty -five more
within six months.
Mrs. Elizabeth Atkins, after a quarrel with
her intended husband, shot herself last night,
probably mortally.
Three of the crew' of the British ship Non
patiel, before reported wreekctl, have been
rescued from a piece of the wreck, where they
had been seven days, and taken to Martinique.
Another school difficulty lias occurred on
Long Island, in the town of Oyster Bay, arising
from a mixture of colored aiid white children
by a female teacher, who has been dismissed by
the trustees.
Sir Edward Thornton and family arrived bj'
steamer Calabria, Irom Liverpool, to-day.
The intended funeral pi<Ktssiu of the inter
nationals, which was forbidden by the police,
did not occur to-day. It was feared that there
would be an attempt to parade, and disturbance
anticipated. I’romiiifin iiitcriiniiwnaL’,
with red neck ties and red feathers in then hats,
were at Cooper institute, where they were to
form. They walked around for an hour, but
the police were on hand to prevent the parade
and disperse any crowd that might collect.
1* The police in front of Cooper institute this
afternoon arrested six internationals out of a
party who refused to move on when told. The
police were followed lu the station bouse by a
large crowd ot sympathizers, who expressed
disapproval of the action of the authorities by
hooting, yelling and hissing. Ihe news of the
arrest spread,and a meeting ol the internation
al boeieiy was held. Inflammatory speeches
were made, and a meeting called tor to-morrow
morning, at six o’clock,*in the open square be
fore the Jefferson market police court, where the
prisoners are to be arraigned. A large number of
persons, including ladies, visited the prisoners
in the cells to-night. The cosmopolitan confer
ence, at a meeting to-day, denounced Ihe con
duct of the authorities in preventing a proces
sion, and adopted a rcsoliitiun recommending
that the internationals parade next Sunday.
A b brv viate d 1> inpa lehCN.
Gov. Newton Booth of California, was inau
gurated on the Sth. His inaugural address
takes strong grounds in favor of legislative
action in reducing and regulating the fares on
the Pacific railroad; favors a repeal of the laws
permitting county subsidies of Ihe per cent to
railroads; the admission oi colored children to
public schools; congressional action to restrain
Chinese immigration, but giving ihe Chinese full
protection against mob violence and permitting
them to testify in the courts.
The statement telegraphed from Washington
that the loss of the Chicago national banks by
fire was $1,000,006 is wiihunt foundation. The
information is supposed to have been obtained
from a bank examiner who made a brief visit
to the hanks last week. Cashiers and presidents
of the banks were neaily ummimous in stating
to him that thev weie unable tu tell what the
losses would amount to, but as near as can hr
ascertained they are now believed to be less than
$500,000.
PrrMAtititl r«'lr^rmn<i.
Mr. Wilson is reviving the congressional tern*
perauce society.
Mr. Sumner Is at work upon an elaborate ar
ticle upon eugraved purtraii-- for a new maga
zine which is to appear at Christmas in New
York.
Frederick Douglass has ^xuuunccd in the New
ADVEKTISIAO KATE*
It Daily Bft—For the "Square’ often lln< ■'ao
•Kate type, I time 75 eta.; each nabaequent Insertion 50
ct« I wrek 12.75; 2 wei k»|4.iH); 1 month ft; 00; 1 year
fol—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
aquarea. Two lima for one week fI.OU; three line >1 25;
U'lir lines >1.37; live lines fl-50. Local notices 25 cents
pec ;me for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements fl vu per aquare for first laser
lion; each subsequent Insertion 50cents,
Kpet ial positions* in the paper, and special styles of
display, will he charged extra rates. Cuts and donbla
column advertisement* allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged tor the whole apace occupied.
In Werkly Spy—First insertion >I.OO per square;
etch subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; ona
year >25.00.
Ei n, bis fixed mid unconditional purpose to sup
port Gen. Grant for renominntion and re
elcciiun. He admit.'* that this will be opposed
in -om»* of the best friends the colored racerver
had inside and outside the counsels of the na
tion, but declares that Grant, of all men in the
land, is most dreaded by the reactionary ele
ments which have arisen in the wake of de-
Icated rebellion and slavery.
i
H otices.
C H i: I s T M A~S~t
W A L L ET S
I have now in Store the nest assort
ment everixhibited in the state of Nas
sachusetK I’hry are all made expressly
tor me; consequently the style-, and
prices can he relied upon being satis
factory.
call is ie*pectfully solicited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN A. WARREN,
Ap olliecary,
I X KA Y STATK Hot ME, U OKI ESTER,
dtf
pATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amer!
at t an and Foreign Patents procured,Reiected Ap
plications re-argued; intern rence Case I'rvaecuUd;
vpnuoua given aa to the validity and ntim^emenl or
Patents andAultaprosecuted and defended In the U Hl
Courts, by
THON. 11 »O»CtE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofllha
Board Ol Appeals, U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law, oud Advocate in Patent Usses. Orth e, Do.lge.*
KI K.eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester, Masi.
1 .U Ait'
ER’S
STOVE STORE,
<D»S MAIN MIRk l l OLD XO.
HO2I d
Seal (fstate.
E A L E S TATE.
(MOULDING
HAWKINS,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AGENTS,
Room 4-, I’lagg’s Block.
OPPOsm: BAY STATE BOVSE.
contemplating aai. or purebu, or Rml
I. i-iU', Hu in. ('h tii.-t^, U( invited to give us a
a Hl, as we have constant ly on hand and are continually
receiving, a large iht oi property not advc;ti.>ed.
JJARTIES ABOUT TO PURCHASE
KT.Ab ESTATE
of any description, are invited (o call at Hie
IIEAI. EST A I E AGENC Y
OK
(K PondALo
No. 2 Fi >nt St. Exchange, where they have constantly
on hand, and an- eontiniitilly receiving, City and Coun
try Pi-operty or every description.
FOR SALK—On Uhatliam st., a
l'”• m *‘id French Rooted House; contains 20
rooms: citv and well water; Lot tiO x 100; will
rent tor >BOO. Price >7BOO.
O. N. POND CO.
FOR SALE, OR EXCHANGE for
a** excellent Farm ot 120 acres,
well tenced. pleasantly lo.ated. 9 miles th in Wor
Hler. mile limn church, store, Ac two miles
from depot; land veil divided; summer and winter 20
Iu id ol eatt e-can be made to keep twice that number:
wood enough tor the place; nice orchard of 2 acres; very
v.-rnd cottage house ot H rooms; first rate barn; new car
rm-e Imine, canary ice house. Ac running water at
house and barn. Price>6,soo. Terms easy.
O. N. POND A CO.
‘llf 2 Front St. Exchange.
||ARNESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
I.INRD AND UNDINED,
WOOL ROBES!
HORSE BI.AA KEI'S!
4'IRCINUI.ES aud
WHIPS t
A lock equal lo any in the city, w hich we are selling
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON, GLAZIER 60 S,
’J Jill m.l iW Main st.
WORCESTER
Industrial Advertising Agency
A N D
BENFICA I. I.\TI I,|,IOE\( E OFFICE,
Room No. 1 Rogers’ Block,
Corner Main and Pleasant streets.
I.ift-, Fire mid Accidental I tian rance
Promptly Attended to.
lIOUSFS. TENEMENTS, SHOPS, STORES, ROOMS,
AC., SECT RED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented, Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
rrm>. Domestics secured for general housework, cooks,
chambermaids, kitchen girls, table waiters rbr hotels
and alvons, and general Inforinatiun given to those who
are coming into the city ami are looking lor work, or de
'irv a situation in any kind of business.
K HIBBARD.
yUAIs W ANTED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articlesand Yankee Notions.
office hours from Bto 12, from 2to 5, and 6 to 8.
POR SALE,
ONE PAIR (HtXKY STEERS.
I hree yrs. old, weighing 2475 Hh.; any man or boy can
drive them. 1 hie good Peddler’s Horse, weighs 1100 lbs
UiMsol.l; 200 cords Hard and Suit Wood, ami lot of
small wood; some 10,000 feet extra White Oak Plank
2. f and 4 inches thick; ?U,OUO ft. Hemlock Boards. '0 (KO
It. S Pine Boards. 3000 fl. 1 Inch Pine and 3000 fl. 2 IneU
Pine Plank.
HOI SE LO I’S upon Richard. Crystal, Ripley. Beacon.
rnon and Main streets,
ONE COTTAGE with Barn, upon Richard st., and one
with or without Barn.
Dimension Chestnut Timber at short notice.
S. PERU Y,
Vernon st., Box 440
TTEALTH, MONET, COMFORT!
TINGLEYS
AITOMATK HEAT GOVERNOR,
FOB MOT-AIK FIKSACts.
This invention has now been thoroughly tested for
Folk A ears. and is <^W»red to tlie public as a perfect
remedv tor the incvnretttence.i, dangers. and annoyances
arising trom Furnaces us ordinarily u imaged. Some of
its advantages are
Hl A sure remedy for the escape of gas or smoke th rough
the house.
2d. An economy in the use of coal.
eliHters u,,d the necessity of sifting
Vh Insures all danger against fire from an overheated
furnace.
■dh. titl es uniformity of temperature with every chaaye
ot Ine weather, saving care and time in the manage
meat of the turnace.
In on'er to gain these advantages, it Is onlv necessary
to kindle ihe tire, supply the coal, and leave the turnace
(without recant to the draft-.)*rv the cake of the:
••GOVERNOR.”
At I ached to Brick or Portable Furnaces, Older New.
Send for a Pamphlet.
Tingley Automatic Heat Governor Co.
T. V. PHELPS, Agent,
For Worcester County and Vicinity, Office 22 Pearl st.,
W-h i I. r. Mass. d3m
ESTABLISHED IN 183 S. p. YOTML
1 a Dealerjhi Fancy Goods, Toys. and I sehil Articles
Vmbrrlhis and Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber .4 styles, stamping tbr Embroidery.
Ageuci ol the Flench Dye House, ol Bi ston. Goods
m Io ihe Dye House, on Fridays.
I’ ea-c observe ihe sigu of “The Variety Store.” No 226
Ma n -ireet, nearly opposite the Quiusigamuud Hauk
'Util A«opt<*
fIWECOVARTNERSHIP lntk.it
1 luu Mnm 111- rubwiilber.. uikbri 1
Bu-ol Ibis
lAS. U. BAIVI.
Worcester l‘ LABAN I’. FOKBEjL
1»U. deupSt
WALLETS.