©lorwaiM gndn Spy
PUBLISHED EVERY MORMNU,
(BCNDAY F.XCEPTFD,)
t St* per year, If paid Mrictly 1" advance.
Otherwise, IS Cent* per Month.
Massachusetts .Spy,
JULY, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At #‘4 per Annum.
J D. BALDWIN «<s CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
Worcester Jaitn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The school board will have a meeting this eve
ning.
The republican city committee are notified to
meet at headquarters, in Spy building, at half
past seven this evening.
The winter term of the Oread schools will
commence to-morrow morning at half-past eight
o’clock.
An entertainment at the vestry of the Univer
salist church for the benefit of the Sunday school
library, is advertised for Friday evaning.
The catalogue of the Worcester academy for
the academical year 1871-2 contains the names
of ninety-six pc oils —seventy males and twenty
six females.
Prof. Richards will give the third lecture in
the Mechanics course, at their hall, this even
ing. Subject: “Spectrum Analysis.”
son, the injured policeman, is better. Be
M removed to his home yesterday, and his
tri Is confidently hope for his recovery. He is
one of the most efficient men on the force.
Morse Smith slaughtered, last Friday, a
pair of oxen, six years ol’, fatted by James
Wallace of West Brookfield, the dressed weight
of which was 2708 pounds. They can be seen
at their market, 218 Main street.
G. Swainc Buckley, the last of the brothers
who once composed the popular Buckley scre
naders, will appear at Music hall this evening
in a play written expressly for him, entitled
“On the Track.”
The Worcester Light Infantry company has a
notice among the advertisements, of its assem
bly, to take place this evening. The company
will have a supper at the dining rooms of Taft,
Bliss Rice.
The subject of Colonel Pacheldei ’s lecture, Ln
connection with the exhibition of the picture of
the Battle of Gettysburg, this evening, will be:
“Grand Review of the Battle,” embracing move
ments of corps, divisions, briga les, regiments
and batteries, interspersed with incidents of the
engagement, &c.
Joseph Murphy and his excellent (ompany
pleased another audience, at Music hall, last
night, by a repetition of “Help.” This dramatic
organization will doubtless receive a hearty wel
come, —now that their|mei its are known,—when
they again visit Worcester
The Worcester soldiers’ monument is now to
be a fixed fact. The money has been voted, and
the monument committee will immediately
make a contract with Rmdolph Rogers, the
sculptor—the design to be substantially the
same as described m the Spy recently. It will
cost about $50,000, and will be ready to be put
up in about eighteen months.
The action of the city council in promptly
voting to appropriate the necessary sum lor the
soldiers’monument, gave great satisfaction to
the many friends who were gathered at the city
hall last evening. When the vote was declared
a large number of enthusiastic persons, includ
ing a good delegation of the Grand Army,
gathered in front of the hall and ratified the de
cision of the council by repealed cheers.
Wachtel, the greatest of tenors, is coming to
Worcester, and will give a concert next Monday
night. He is the new singer about whom so
great stir has been made, and of whom it has
been said that when he has reached his high C
there is a glimpse given of the w hole octave at
tainable beyond which he might mount to had
he the time.
To night comes the conceit complimentary to
Miss Ingraham, the favorite Worcester soprano.
It is to be given at the Church of the Vniry,
where tickets can be obtained this evening by
those who do not previously buy them at the
music stores. The programme is a rich one,
and the vocal and instrumental assistance vol
unteered on the occasion is of a character to
make the concert a notable one in our local
musical annals. We look for a fine audience
and one of the choicest concerts of the year.
The boys of the House of the Angel Guar
dian drew a full hall last night and were very
interesting. Careful musical culture Ims de
veloped remarkable talent in these children;
they sing with surprising harmony, and a tone
of piety pervades the language of their songs
and dialogues. Their acrobatic feats would not
disgrace a good circus, while they have none of
the vulgarity of the sawdust. To patronize
these clever orphans is to be well entertained
while doing a charitable act. They play again
Wednesday evening. Last night’s proceeds go
towards erecting the proposed convent on Ver
non street.
Arctic Birds —Several specimens of the com
mon sea dove dr little auk (merf/iillus ulku), n
description of which we gave in our paper, yes
terday, have been found in this vicinity. One
found between this city and New England Vil
lage by Mr. J. I*. Harrington of the latter place,
has been presented by him to the Natural His
tory association, who have also received a speci
men from Mr. E. L. Spaulding. These speci
mens will be sent to the taxidermist to be pre
pared for the cabinet of the association, where
may be seen specimens of the larger auk.
City Mortality.— The number of deaths
in Worcester during the week ending Nov. 18,
was 24; 11 males and 13 females. Four died of
canker rash, of croup 4, lung fever 3, accidental
3, consumption 2, (insanity 2, typhoid fever
2, and one each of heart disease, inflammation
of brain, general debility and cancer. The two
oldest were 66 and 60,18 were under five years
old, and six under one year. Nineteen were of
foreign parentage.
Municipal Court.— Judge Williams had a
long list of cases before him yesterday. James
Desmond, for a felonious assault upon an officer,
ordered to recognize with sureties in the sum of
SSOOO for his appearance at the January term of
superior court; committed on failure to recog
nize; the same, for disturbing the peace, com
plaint placed on tile; Charles Foley and James
Gilbi ide, keeping liquor nuisance and gaining
house, cases continued; Shadrach Cook, keeping
liquor, fined $lO nnd{costs, paid; Thomas J.
Baker and Samuel J. Roach, drunk, second
offence, six months in house of correction each;
James C. Donnelly, Ambrose Boynton, James
C. Ripley, Thomas King, Gardner C. Whiting,
John C. McKenzie, Owen Toner, Timothy Cas
tello and Darius W. Hazen, each paid fines and
costs for drunkenness. Yates Walch, Francis
Martin, Janies Harney and Morris Moran, were
each fined for drunkenness, hut could Dot pay
and went over to jail. Walch was also fined
$5 and costs for carrying a dangerous weapon.
Mcctitui of the Oily Council An Order
PitMMcd Appropriating Money for a Nol
diers’ Monument.
The regular meeting of the city council was
held last evening. The two boards met in joint
convention at a quarter before nine o’clock, and
were addressed by Mr. George Crompton, who
presented a report mid petition from the
soldiers’ monument com mil Ice, of which
he is chairman. The report gives a
history of the movement in behalf of
a memorial to the fallen soldiers, which was
inaugurated in 1866, in which year also the sol
diers’ monument committee was chosen at a pub
lic meeting, held in Mechanics hall; also an ac
count of the doings of the committer from that
time until the present, including the late action
in inviting the sculptor Randolph Rogers to
make a model, The report also gave an ac
count of the favorable manner in which the
model had been received, and suggested the ur
gency of immediate action.
The petition asked for an appropriation of
SSSJXM) by the city, with which, in addition to
the $15,000 now in the hands of the cumin it tec,
to put the work of erecting a monument to cost
$50,000 immediately under contract.
Mr. Crompton spoke briefly in support of the
petition, closing by asking for remarks on the
subject from Hon. A. H. Bullock, who has from
the first taken a lively interest in the matter.
Mr. Bullock spoke as follows:
Mr. Mayor, and Gentlemen of the City Council:
Jn deference to the request of some members
dailn .Sun.
VOL. 2(5, NO. 27(5.
of the general committee upon the subject of a
soldiers’ monument, and not at all with any re
luctance of my own, 1 have come here to partici
pate in this conference of citizens with the city
authorities over a question which has been long
pending in this community. I rejoice, if, after
a protracted period of alternate deliberation and
inaction, we are at length approaching a con
summation of the wishes of the people of the
city. It is now almost six years since the
praiseworthy object was initiated in a very large
public meeting in Mechanics Hall, which fairly
and fully and harmoniously expressed the sense
of the citv by the appointment ol a committee
charged with the duty of co-operating with the
government in carrying forward the work to its
completion. That committee was made up from
all the pursuits of life, and 1 believe it has repre
sented the whole body of the people as justly
and as respectable as any committee ever raised
in Worcester Ihe city government about the
same time appointed a committee of its own
members, which during all this time has acted
in conjunction with the committee of citizens.
We now hear from Mr. Crompton, the chair
man, that this joint and large committee are en
tirely unanimous in their ieport and in asking
the municipal authorities to confirm their ac
tion and to aid in electing the monument ac
cording to the design upon which they all have
agtecd. For no self, I am altogether satisfied
wiili this situation. I think we need iio more
public meetings, no more memorials, no more
voting at the oils, and that the government of
the city may now act according to its best judg
ment and discretion, and that it may expect the
general approval of the people of Worcester.
And I respectfully suggest that it is high time
that definite and final action were reached. Ten
years have passed away since some of our pa
triot soldiers gave their lives to save and con
tinue that government ami public liberty under
which our city has meanwhile grown populous
and prosperous beyond anybody’s anticipation,
and we have not yet done so much as prepare a
tablet to perpetuate their names. Ido indeed
believe, Mr. Mayor,—such are the infirmities of
our nature, so selfish and engrossing becomes
the pursuit of prosperity—l do indeed believe
that if ten more years are permitted topass
over us without anything being done to com
memorate their deeds, the very names of most
of our two bundled and fifty dead soldiers will
be forgotten, absolutely lost in oblivion, by the
great majority of us all, to our eveilasting
shame and disgrace. What a contrast is this to
our emotions, our activities, our sacrifices ten
years back! When 1 recur to your state of
mind and my own du.ing the war; when 1 recall
what we then thought, and said, and did; what
grand eulogies we all uttered every day in the
stieet over our neighbors fallen in the great
struggle, and what golden promises we made in
our hearts; how, many ami many a day, when
the contest seemed somehow dubious, every one
of us left here behind in personal safety would
have given hall of his possessions to be made
sure of final victory and perpetual union; how
dear to all of us then were the names and the
honor of our fellow citizens gone to the field,
and how, when one alter another fell, we re
claimed their bodies and followed them in solemn
numbers to Ihe sleep of the earth;—wiien 1 re
call these things, 1 feel refreshed by this
retrospective contemplation of the better
part ol our nature. For 1 know that
then we were patiiotic, generous and
ready to make personal s icriliees. 1 know that we
then thought every turf that covered a soldier’s
head should be kept sacred through all time. I
know that we then would have voted with all
onr hands to erect a fit monumental structure
upon which his name should be inscribed in
letters as lasting as the government he had
helped to rescue. So we thought and felt, ten,
eightycars ago. And do not the same reasons
for our action still exist? Arc the memories
of our brave dead less precious, now that eight
more seasons have wept their dews over the
sacred blood that has remained for eight more
years uncominemorated beneath the sod? Are
the valor and self-devotion of our heroes of that
day,—o' Parser, and Ward, and O’Neill, ami
their gallant associates,—less deserving ol cele
bration now than wc then thought them? Are
the mighty and eventful scenes of the war itself
less wonky of our celebration, now that eight
more years, in|the prosperous enjoyment of our
liberties, contrasted as they have been with dis
astrous struggles in other countries, have given
us fresh cause for gratitude to our soldiers who
secured to us this prosperity In the court of
morals and of conscience think you it will be
any palliation of our ingratitude,—for longer
delay in raising the monument is ingratitude,—
that one of the effects ol the conflict in which
these men died, has been to add directly and im
mediately five millions to the valuation of Wor
cester? Can we not afford, at once, with accord
ing hearts and cheerful voices, to vole thirty-five
thousand dollars out of the legacy of their blood,
to const! m*t a monument of their deeds which
shall last when all other memorials of them
shall be worn out or lost?
And I respectfully submit that the general
joint committee have placed before usthcoppor
tunity to settle this question, at last, under the
most favorable ciicuinstanres. In the first place,
they arc unanimous in adopting the general
model which has been made public for our in
spection for several days past; and that is some
thing not ordinarilv to he expected of a com
mittee so large and intelligent, and comprising
men ul differing pursuits and tastes. So far as
I know, our fellow citizens who have examined
the design concur in tins approval. It would
be impossible that there should not be here and
there some dissent, though I have not heard of
any. I would take advantage of this as general
approval, as we can expect ever to have again,
of ihe model proposed, and would push the
work to its completion. There is nothing peo
ple differ about more than about the designs of
public monuments, and there is in all such cases
the necessity of a minority who dissent conced
ing tolthe greaterjnumber who approve. 1 great
ly fear that |if we permit the present juncture
of such agreement to] pass by unimproved, the
question of any monument at ail is all over with
us. In the second place, lam informed that the
great number of our survivingsoldiers are heart
ily and zealously in favor of carrying this de
sign into immediate execution. They certainly
are entitled to mo<t respectful consideration. I
do not understand that they have at any time
attempted, or that they tow attempt, to force
their wishes on the community, but it is natural
and proper that they arc anxious to see this
long deferred work put speedily under way.
For one, I am glad they are in earnest about it,
for no class has so good a right as they to feel
strongly in relation to the subject. Who better,
to tend the vestal flame at the altar of patriot
ism, than they who have learned on the battle
field the cost of the patriotism which is en
shrined You cannot regret that they watch your
proceedings under a jealous sense of duty to
guard the honor of their departed comrades. 1
should blush for them, if they were less sensi
tive In the third place, it is proposed to place
the work in the hands of an experienced, cul
tured and approved aitist. There are some
dreadful soldiers’ monuments in this country,
one or two at least in Massachusetts, worked up
by raw, uneducated and incompetent artists.
You and I have seen effigies of Lincoln, in the
presence of which we might well invoke angels
and ministersof grace to defend his fame. And
doubtless more of this sort of thing are yet to
come. But we can make a wiser and better
choice, if we will. I have not been consulted,
directly or indirectly, in relation to this design
or in relation to the gentleman who has made
it, and I only saw it two days ago. While I
am satisfied with it, 1 dare say he or any
other original artist could furnish a dozen dif
ferent designs, any one of which would satisfy
me. I think the present design a good one,
and what is of great importance, 1 am sure, if
entrusted to Mr. Rogers lor execution, it will
be done in a manner that will be creditable to
this community. I should feel mortified if Ihe
city ol Worcester, second in the state, were to
commit its order to uncertain hands; and on
the other hand .you would share with me a
common pride in seeing our monument design
ed and executed in a style worthy of our own
estimate of ourselves, worthy of the reputation
of thecity for liberality, and worthy of the no
ble cause and the noble dead. The latter prom
ise 1 am sure we have in Mr. Rogers. When
I was in Rome, two years ago, and had a
practical reason for forming an opinion as to
the best sculptors, 1 first passed two or three
days in visiting the leading studios of Italian
and American artists; and 1 desire here to con
cur with a published remark of Ilie Rev. Dr.
Peabody, of Cambridge, who was there just
before me, and who has singularly sensible
ideas ol art—that among the artists in marble
al Rome there are Americans who are not sec
ond to am of. oilier nationalities. And
I but speak the opinion current there,
in assigning no subordinate place among these to
Mi. Rogers I deem him especially pre-eminent
in his conception of the larger ami bolder works
taking as illustrations his bronze doors at the
Capitol in Washington, and his soldiers’ monu
ments at Providence, Philadelphia and Detroit—
the last completed and now about to be erected.
I heard it said more than ome by our country
men at R nue, that he made the most life-like
and spirited American soldiers thev had ever
seen outside the camp of war, and I believe that
your own inspection of the monuments I have
referred to would justify that remark. Speak
ing lor one citizen and one subscriber, 1 wouhl
rather see tin* order placed in bis hands, than in
any others whose work it has been my fortune
to see.
And now, Mr. Mayor, will not the city govern
ment decide to go forward with this undertak
ing without further delay If the sum of fifty
thousand dollars is required to secure the monu
ment, then thirty percent of the amount has al
ready been subscribed and paid by private citi
zens. Of the fifteen thousand dollars now lying
in the bank awaiting this order no inconsiderable
portion was furuisbei as the wages of a day’s
work by the intelligent men who throng the
work-shops of the citv; and if you could ask
them what they would have you do towards
cany ing into effect their ex peel nt ions, 1 have no
hesitation as to what their answer would be.
They would say, complete at once this work of
public justice and public gratitude at the public
expense. If you could ask the surviving soldiers
among us what their desire is, they would re
spond, if we are not misinformed they are even
now responding, give us at once flic monument,
of which the hope so long deferred has made
our hearts sick. If you could enter the hundreds
of families from which the hand of war with
drew an inmale forever, subdued but reso
lute voices would exhort you to make at once
the record of your city a just record, and
Io exhibit a public recognition of the ser
vices of their departed kindred. You are
expending hundreds of thousands upon
your school houses, —I have no reason
to suppose that you are expending too much,
but a monument to your sons fallen in the war,
erected with liberality in taste of art and with
impressive proportions, is as much a medium
and agent of tiie higher education of this peo
ple, as the sumptuous schoolhouse which is
costing more than sixfold the sum which we ask
this evening at your hands. Educate your
young men to a right conception of the eternal
glory of America, of liberty and the rights of
man. Educate their patiiotic sentiments to a
comprehension ot the growths and powers of
this independent nation. Do this by erecting
in bronze and granite for their daily observation
and study the names of their fellows, young
men of Worcester, who have gone before them
into the dark valley making it radiant with the
example of their sublime sacrifice. About this
tender spectacle patriotism, humanity, romance,
poetry, love of justice and freedom, all the high
er sentiments, all the more profitable thoughts
and reflections of our life, shall congregate, com
mune and instruct the luture out of the present,
which will soon become the past. This woik be
longs as a part, to the education of an American
citizen, ami the laws of our ancient and patriotic
commonwealth make this one of your municipal
duties, by conterring upon you the authority to
vote money to perform it. I have no right to
speak for others, but under your courtesy 1 ex
ercise the right to speak for myself and to ex
hort you to settle this long pending question by
a vote, which, in my opinion, will be more ail
act of justice than of generosity, —a vote, which,
I sincerely believe, will icceive the approval ot
your own reflections, and of your constituents
who are ihe whole people of the city.
Il there be in this government, or in this city,
any man who hesitates in this particular in
stance Irom reasons affecting the general scope
and purpose of a soldiers’ monument, 1 beg
leave to commend to him the words of Mr.
Everett uttered upon a similar occasion, when
pleading for a monument on Bunker Hill, and
which 1 will gratefully adopt as my own:
"But I am met with the great objection, what
good will the monument do? I beg leave, sir, to
exercise my birthright as a Yankee, and an
swer this question by asking two or three more,
to which 1 believe it will be quite as difficult to
furnish a satisfactory reply, lam asked, what
good will the monument do? And I ask, what
good does anything do? What is good? Does
anything do any good? The persons who sug
gest this objection of course think there are
some projects and undertakings that do good;
and I should therefore like to have the idea ot
good explained and analyzed, and run out to its
elements. Does a railroad or canal do good
Answer, yes. And how? It facilitates inter
x-ourse, opens markets, and increases the wealth
of the country. But what is this good for?
Why, individuals prosper, and get rich. And
what good does that do? Is mere wealth, as an
ultimate end—gold and silver, without enquiry
as to their use, —arc these a good? Certainly
not. I should insult this audience by attempt
ing to prove that a rich man, as such, is neither
better nor happier than a poor one. But as men
grow rich, they live better. Is there any good
in this, stopping here? Is mere animal life—
feeding, working and sleeping like an ox—en
titled to be called good? Certainly not. But
these improvements increase the population.
And what good does that do? Where is the
good of counting twelve millions, instead of six,
of mere feeding, working and sleeping
animals? There is then no good in
the mere animal life, except that it is the
physical basis of that higher moral existence,
which resides in the soul, the heart, the mind,
tiie conscience; in good principles, good feel
ings, and the good actions which flow from
them. Now, sir, 1 say, that generous and
patriotic sentiments, sentiment which prepare
us to serve our country, to live for our country,
to die for our country—feelings like those which
carried Prescott, and Warren, and Putnam to
the battle-field, are good,—good, humanly speak
ing, of the highest order. It is good to have
them, good to encourage them, good to honor
them, good to commemorate them; and what
ever tends to animate and strengthen such feel
ings, does as much right down practical good as
filling up low grounds and building railroads. 1
admit the connection between enterprises which
promote the physical prosperity of the country
and its intellectual and moral improvement; but
I maintain that it is only this connection that
gives these enterprises all' their value; and that
the same connection gives a like value to every
thing else which, through Ihe channel of the
senses, the taste, or the imagination, warms and
elevates the heart.”
And having thus employed these words of the
lamented citizen and statesman, to raise the stili
jcct which is before us from materialistic consid
erations to a higher level of contemplation, I
will also adopt his conclusion as my own, re
garding it as not above the dignity of the pres
ent occasion “And now, sir, from all the scat
tered graves the voice of our brothers’
BLOOD CRIES TO I S FROM TIIE GROUND. It
rings in my ears. It pleads with us, by the
sharp agonies of their dying hour. It adjures
us to discharge the last debt to their memory.
Let us hear that awful voice; and resolve, be
fore we quit these walls, that the long-delayed
duty shall be performed; that the work shall
BE DONE, SHALL BE DONE!”
The convention then dissolved.
Alter some discussion, the following order
was unanimously adopted by yea and nay vote:
Whereas, a committee of the citizens of Worces
ter, by a memorial herewith presented, have re
quested an appropriation of thirty-five thousand
dollars to enable them, (by using funds in their
hands collected by private subscription) to erecta
suitable monument to commemorate the sacritict>s
of the fallen heroes of Worcester in the late war,
Ordered, that the sum ot thirty-live thousand dol
lars be ami is hereby appropriated, and that the
mayor be authorized and directed to draw his war
rant accordingly, to enable the citizens’ com
mittee, of winch George Crompton is chair
man, to contract with Randolph Rogers to
erect a soldiers monument in the city of Worces
ter, substantially in accordance with a model ex
hibited, and which said committee represent can be
erected by using the funds in their possession, to
gether with said sum herein appropriated, at a cost
of fifiy thousand dollars. And thecity treasurer is
liereby authorized to borrow, upon the credit ol the
city, under the direction of the joint standing com
mittee on finance, the sum of $35,000 to meet said
appropriation.
Petitions were received and referred as fol
lows: From Margaret R. Mooney, asking for the
removal of a nuisance caused by thg manner in
which the sewer is constructed opposite her es
tate on Madison street, and for damage caused
said estate by the nuisance; and from Taylor
and Farley and others, for a sewer in Harris
street, to the committee on sewers. From Daniel
Herr and others, tor water in Mechanic street;
from D. Waldo Lincoln and others, for water in
Russell street; from Joseph Chamberlain and
others, for water in Austin street; to the com
mittee on water. From Richard Conlon, for
payment of damages and expenses caused to
him by the widening of Lafayette street, to the
committee on highways. From Mary A. Spurr
and others, for damages to estates by the rais
ing of Central street, to the committee on side
walks.
An order passed authorizing the setting of
curb and laying of sidewalk on Jhe north side of
Temple street and the east side of Salem street.
The decree widening Wellington street was
accepted in the boaul of aldermen, but laid
over in the common council on objection to a
second reading.
Reports from the committee on water, sewers,
and finance, which were leftover as unfinished
business at the last meeting, were accepted in
concurrence, and the accompanying orders were
adopted. The orders contain the sense of the
reports. The one adopted for the abatement of
the assessment for city work on the street rail
way reads:
Ordered, that the city treasurer be instructed to
abate one-half the amount charged to the street
railway company, to wit: upon their pay
ing into thecity treasury a like amount, and placing
in the hands of the city clerk an obligation, Uuly ex
ecuted ami approvedlby the citv solicitor, acknowl
edging the receipt of $1,189.50, in consideration of
their agreeing h> sell packages of not less than 20
tickets for one dollar, from and after the passage of
this order, which shall entitle the purchaser to the
same use of the cars of the street railway company
as those heretofore sold by them.
The order submitted by the joint standing
committee on water, which was adopted, pro.
vides for the laying of water pipes in Canter
bury, Wall and Norfolk streets, together with
the necessary gates anti hydrants. Ihe order
presented by the sewer committee and adopted,
provides for the laying of 20 by 80 inch brick
sewer in Oak avenue, from Belmont street to
Kendall stieet; an 18 inch pipe sewer in Vied
mont street, and a 15 inch pine sewer in Ely
street, with nil necessary main-holes and catch
basins for each,
An order was adopted authoilzing the mayor
to draw his order for a sufllcicnt sum (almut
$1000) to pay the expenses incurred in laying
out Coral street; and an order authorizing the
sale of the old brick school house on the oom?
mon was referred to the committee on educa
tion.
Orders of notices for hearings before the
county commissioners upon petitions fur ihe re
location, alteration and grading of Burncoat
and Lincoln streets, and for a new county road
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 21, 1871.
running south from Front street through Trum
bull and Washington, were referred to the high
way committee and city solicitor.
The report of the joint special committee on
renumbering streets, after being variously
altered and amended, was adopted. It makes
several important changes in the names of
streets, which will be given hereafter.
Au important report from the city engineer in
regard to new supply mains from the city reser
voir was submitted, but tabled until the next
meeting.
Decrees laying out Woodland and Waldo
streets were accepted and placed on file.
The location of sidewalks on Chatham and
Quincy streets was adopted.
An order to pay’ the fifth battery, light artil
lery, was adopted.
The hearing in the board of aidermen on the
petition of P. L. Moen and others for a new
street in the north part of the city, assigned for
last evening, was postponed until Thursday eve
ning, in order that the location may be viewed
on Wednesday.
J. P. Hall was licensed auctioneer; Lowell H.
Davis to remove night-soil; A. P. Ames to run
passenger wagon. Several matters coming be
fore the board of aidermen were laid on ths
table.
Adjourned for one week.
COUNTY NEWS.
The Winnesheik Democrat, published at De
corah, lowa, chronicles with satisfaction the ar
rival of a new business firm in that town
Messrs. Forest Dodge, shoe dealers, both from
Oxford.
In the superior court, at Fitchburg, the case
of Chas. B. Ford vs. the Fitchburg railroad
company, for damages from a boiler explosion,
which was begun last Friday, is still on trial.
The evidence for the plaintiff is concluded, and
that for the defence is begun.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEOKAPH
ru IMK WORCEITEK nAILT IM
FROM EUROPE..
Great Britain.
DISASTER.
London, Nov. 20.—There is a report from
Liverpool this morning, of a terrible disaster in
the Mersey. Two ships ran into each other with
such violence that both tilled and sunk almost
instantly. As far as at present known, all hands
were lost. The names of the vessels have not
been ascertained.
PERSONAL.
Sir Thomas Dakin, laic Lord mayor, has ac
cepted a complimentary dinner on the 22d inst.
QUEEN VICTORIA.
The recent refutation by Dr. Md cod, chap
lain to her majesty, of certain statements under
stood to have originated with Disraeli, in which
it was alleged the queen had become incapable,
mentally and physically, of exercising the func
tion of the government, attracted muck atten
tion, and dieted consideration discussion and
comment from the press. Mr. Disraeli has pub
lished a statement denying the allegations of
Dr. McLe al with reference to his utterances on
the occasion in question. He maintains that he
never used the expression attributed to him,
namely “That her majesty the queen had be
come incapacitated fur the duties of her high
position.”
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
The Standard’s report of tfie suspension of
negotiations between England and France for
the (modification of the commercial treaty, is
fully confirmed.
DOES THE QUEEN GET DRUNK?
John Gribbh*, secretary of the total abstinence
society of Brixham, publicly accused the queen
of intoxication. The charge causes a great up
roar, and the local authorities have already
commenced legal proceeding against the man
who made it.
DISORDERLY GATHERING.
A large radical meeting, attended by four
thousand people, was held al Bristol hist eve
ning. Sir Charles W. Dilke addressed the as
semblage. Thcie was much uproar and fight
ing, and the band was prevented from playing
the national anthem.
Frunec.
MILITARY.
Paris, Nov. 20.—1 t is expected that before the
end of January, 1872, France will have ten army
corps, completely organized and fully supplied
with improved arms, posted at the great milita
ry centres of the country.
SENTENCES.
The editor, Pere Duchesne, has been court
martialed and sentenced to imprisonment, with
hard labor, for life. Vermesch and Vuellaume
were sentenced to death for contumacy.
Irclaud.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.
Dublin, Nov. 20.—T.v0 important witnesses
for the prosecution in the case of Kelly, about
to be tried for discharging a pistol at the officer,
have disappeared.
Germany.
COMPULSORY SERVICE.
Berlin, Nov. 20.—The reichstag has sanc
tioned the extension of the North German law,
making military service compulsory on all to Ba
varia.
Switzerland.
THE RECENT GENEVA FIRE.
Geneva, Nov. 20.—The origin of the recent
conflagration in this city will be made the sub
ject of a strict investigation. Suspicion is di
rected against agents of the international socie
ty.
Spain.
PUBLIC EXCITEMENT ON PUBLIC AFFAIRS.
Madrid, Nov. 20. —The debate in the cortcs
during the past week, Ihe unexpected result and
resignation of the newly formed ministry, causes
great agitation in the city -and the provinces.
The republican deputies to the cortcs have is
sued a circular advising their supporters
throughout the country to keep quiet, and ad
vising maintenance of public order. In the
meantime labor troubles continue. The bakers
and dyers in Valencia obstinately miantain the
strike and such threatening demom-nations that
reinforcements have been sent to garrison.
Turkey.
DISORGANIZATION.
Constantinople, Nov. 20.—There arc great
complaints of the disorganization of the public
departments. The sultan’s orders, requiring
economy in the administration of public artairs,
arc misinterpreted, and not satisfactorily car
ried out. Harmony does not prevail in the cab
inet, and a crisis is expected.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Nov. 20.—This afternoon, 11. Denny
Morse, used twenty one, fell five stories through
the scuttles of Newell Lovejoy’s store, Devon
shire street, sinking upon his heud and chest,
and, wonderful to relate, has no bones broken,
retaining his senses and will probably recover.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Concord, Nov. 20.—Forty men of the North
ern railroad repair loree have been transferred
to-day to the Sugar River railroad, and will have
it ready for an opening and a grand jubilee at
Newport a week from to-day.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Nov.2o.—The resignation of W.
P. Chamberlin, chief of police, and Charles I).
Nott, captain, were accepted by the
police commissioners. Lieut. Caleb B. Packard,
of the force, was appointed chief, and Corne
lius Ryan, lieutenant. A captain has not yet
been appointed.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence. Nov. 2J.—Michael McCarty,
aged thirty, was instantly killed at Ihe Phenix
iron foundry, at half-past 9 this forenoon, by
Ihe breaking of the blocking of a hydraulic press,
He leaves a wife and two children.
Criminal Record.
BURGLARS SENTENCED.
Cincinnati, Nov. 20.—Four burglars nt
Springfield, Saturday, were sentenced each to
five years in prison.
perjury.
Cincinnati, Nov. 20.—The grand jury has in
dicted Maurice W, Myers, law librarian, for per
jury and obtaining money under faUe pie«
tenses,
A CHAPLAIN DEFENDS HIMSELF.
Brooklyn, Nov. 20—Rev. Job G. Bass, ex
chaplain IJ. S. army, was waylaid last night by
two negroes who drew knives and demaudpd
his money or his fife. The ohl man defended
himself with a stout cane, mid succeeded in
driving off the assailants, after having crippled
one ol them by a blow of his stick,
HELD FOR TRIAL.
San Francisco, Nov. 20.—John Brown, I<odl
Brown and John Houx, the Sonoma stage rob-
Iters ami murderers, have been held for trial.
Houx turned slate’* tvkkmcu, mid there
were nineteen in the gang, but one was killed in
the recent attack on the stage. Hficers arc in
pursuit of tiie remainder of the gang.
A<ivices from Yorkville, South Carolina, repro*
sent kukinx affairs as quiet, aud that few arrests
are row made. The examination of those ar
rested last week, by the military, will commence
to-day. The president’s proclamation has had
an excellent effect, and kuklux organizations
are regarded as forever broken up.
Our New York Dispatches.
ReNigiiHtion of Connolly. Twrcd. mid the
Mhnky Hank* I’lie KtiNnitiu l.iruleiiaiit
Grand I>ukv Prince; How hr Walked*
How he Talked and how tin' New
Yorker* make a I.ion of ihv ICuMMian
Bear, etc*
New York, Nov. 20.—Emanuel B. Hart, a
leading Tammany sachem, says that fweed
must rcsiun his membership of the Tammany
society and the democratic general committee,
and if he docsnot, measures will be taken to
force him out.
Judge Barnard to-day issued a mandamus
compelling the board of canvassers to proceed
without delay with the canvass of the vote for
the aldermanic ticket.
The effect of Judge Barnard’s mandamus on
the board of canvassers to compel them to count
the aldermani c ticket, was neutralized by
most of the members of the board absenting
themselves to-day. The order was treated with
contempt by those present, who resolved to
move to vacate it, and adjourned.
Controller Connolly to-day resigned, and Mr.
Green was appointed his successor, .lames M.
Gerard declines the commissionership of the de
partment of education.
The trial of Baulch and Haggarty, the voucher
thieves, has been postponed till Friday.
Wm. M. Tweed denies that he is connected
with the Bowling Green savings bank. He ad
mits being president of the Guardian saviipjs
bank, but has had nothing to do with its man
ucement. He says its vice president has placed
SBOO,OOO worth of real estate at the command
of the bank to meet its engagements. H. Smith,
vice president of the National savings bank,
states that ail its demands will be promptly met
to-day.
The Times says that Edward Schell has been
appointed by Judge Barnard as receiver ol ihe
National sayings bank, and will take possession
to-day. It is believed that this bank, the Guar
dian and Bowling Green banks will meet all
claims of the depositors, but it is doubtful it
either resumes business again.
Sweeny’s brother-in-law and Hugh Smith, an
other relative, who left for Europe a fortnight
since, are supposed to have carried off consider
able funds. The citizens’ investigating ommit
tec will be able ere long to throw some light on
this sudden disposition ot the Sweeny family to
indulge in the luxury of foreign travel.
The Evening Post says it is assured that Mayor
Hall’s course, as shown in the appointment' of
Green as controller, and other acts, indicate
that he has resolved to surrender entirely to the
reform movement, and to appoint to all vacan
cies men heartily approved by rhe leading re
formers.
At the meeting of the commissioners of the
sinking fund, to-day, Chamberlain Bradley
called attention to the alleged payment ol $75,-
000 to Tax Commissioner Sands, as a percent
age allowed him for negotiating Ihe loan, and
said he knew of no authority permitting the
controller to authorize the negotiation of such
loan. The controller was directed to report on
the matterat the next meeting.
The letter of resignation of Controller Con
nolly was placed in the hands Wm. F. Havcmey
er, Oct. 3.
The Tribune to-morrow will contain a state
ment that Charles O’Conor says that, through a
flaw in the indictment, Tweed will escape pun
ishment.
The reception of the grand duke, which was
to have been made magnificent by the presence
of a vast force of military, is rendered some
what of a failure by the rain, and the military
were necessarily dispensed with. The admiral’s
vessel on which the duke came with the Boga
tire and Abreck left the lower bay at about noon,
and anchored at the Battery at about one p. m.
Here they were received by a national salute
from the Congress, the Iroquois, Kansas, Bev
ern and Tallapoosa, the American fleet of recep
tion. The grand duke was taken on board the
Mary Powell, in the lower bay. On the wav up
the following order was piesentcd: Steamer
Mary Powell, flag ship Congress, U. S. frigate
Severn, U. S. steamer Iroquois, U. S. steamer
Kansas, flagship Svetland, I rigate Bogatirc, cor
vette Abreck, U. S. steamer Tallapoosa, yacht
fleet. When the fleet reached the Battery a vast
crowd of umbrella covered sight-seers were gath
ered on the docks, in the streets and in all places
where standing room could be had.
Ecenimj.-Xt appears that the rcc<tption com
mittee did not go to the lower ba\ in steamer
Mary Powell, but met the Russian fleet coming
up, under escort ol the American fleet. Ihe
grand duke has accepted a public reception for
to-morrow, until which time he remains on
board the Svetlana.
Alexis did not leave the Russian flag ship to
day.
Judge Bedford sentenced Charles Morrill to
ten years in the stale prison lor stabbing P. Con
nolly.
Patrick Anthony, a fireman, had his head
crushed by the piston rod of the Hoboken ierrv
boat this morning, while cleaning the engine.'
Chester A. Arthur, the newly appointed col
lector, is understood to be a friend of Murphy,
and appointed at his request He was formerly
brevet brigadier general of volunteers.
Twenty-three additional cases of small pox
have been reported since Saturday noon.
The president, officers and executive commit
tee of the national labor union publish a card,
to the cflect that the call made lor a convention
at Washington, Dec. 5, is the work of a self
constituted committee, and has not the sanction
of the national labor reform party. Tiie regu
larly called convention will meet on the third
Wednesday in February, 1872, at Columbus,
Ohio.
At the annual meeting of the Methodist mis
sionary society, officers were elected for the en
suing year, including Bishop Morris president,
Bishops Janes, Scott, Simpson, Biker, Ames
and others vice presidents, and Kev. l lios. Carl
ton treasurer.
There was a large attendance at the meeting,
to-night, of welcome to the Russian dcputaiiuii
of the evangelical alliance. Professor Morse
presided. The report of the deputation was
submitted, and it was stated that a telegram
had been received from England, to the effect
that the subject of religious libei tv is about to be
laid before the Russian council of stale.
From Washington.
MR. MURPHY’S RESIGNATION.
Washington, D. C., Nov. 20.—1'he foil ow
ing is the correspondence between President
Grant and Mr. Murphy, on the resignation of
the latter as collector of the port of New York
Custom House, New York, i
Collector’s Office, Nov. 18th, 1871. j
To the President: 1 hereby tender my resig
nation of the office of collector of the port of
New York, to take cflect upon the appointment
of my successor. You areaware that, during
the period I have held this important trust, and
because 1 have held it, 1 have been subjecied to
persecution which for persistent misrepresenta
tion and unrelenting vindictiveness has, for
tunately, but few parallels in the history of po
litieal strife. Throughout this somewhat try
ing ordeal I have been sustained, however, by a
consciousness of my own rectitude, and by the
fact that, during mv official term, I have en
joyed, uninterruptedly, and still retain, your
confidence, undiminished bv the vituperation of
my accusers. For the manner in which the
duties of the office have been performed, I lake
pleasure in referring to the judgment of my
official superior, the secretary of the treasury,
and to the figures of the record in the treasury
department, which show how the revenue lias
been collected, and with what diminished per
centage of cost.
Unless your attention has been called to this
record, I beg that you will refer to it. Ground
less as the aspersions cast upon me are, and fully
as they have been refuted before more than one
tribunal, I am conscious that my continuance
in office will be made a pretext aud occasion for
assaults calculated to injure you ami the repnl»-
lican party, and, rather than incur such hazard,
I would rrlintjulsti my position, even had it been
coveted, which you know it was not. When
appointed, J believed I could render service by
accepting the place. Now I believe I can ren
derservice by resigning it, and I gladly embrace
the opportunity. In severing my official rela
tions with the government, under these circum
stances, I may also property refer to the grati
lying result of the recent election in this state,
which leaves the control of its affans substan
tially in the hands of that great party o| pro
gress and reform, of which you are the acknowl
edged head, and for the success of which it will
ever be my pride and duty to labor.
I am, dear sir, with high respect, ymiv ohcdk
ent servant, Thomas Murbhy.
Executive Ma.nhign, i
Washington, D. C., Nov 20,1871.1
Ihm, Thomas Murphy, Collector of the Tort
of New York— Dear Sir: Your letter of the 18th
inst., tendering your resignation of the office of
collector of the port of New
reasons therefor, is it gives me great
pleasure to Lear testimony to thi ellicieuey, hon
esty and zeal with which you have administered
the office .so long as it has been entrusted to
your keeping. Your own peace of iniml, no
doubt, will Ik* enhanced by IcaYhri Ihe office of
Collecßirj but I doiim whether such a course
Will, in afiv sense, be a benefit to the public ser
vice. Under your administration the revenues
from the New York custom hoqsu have ’•ecu
largely iliereaxeil nipt |hc cost of collection,
jil pronation to the amount collected, has been
greatly diminished. This is shown by the
records of the treasury department.
You have had my unqualified confidence ever
since yon entered the office of collector. You
LmJ (hat confidence before, or the appointment
would not have been tendered you. That confi
dence is stjll unshaken, and, in accepting your
resignation, I desire to give you the fullest as
surenee of this fact. Whether you remain in or
out of office, time will convince a just public oi
vour entire innocence of the charges brought
against you.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
U. 8. Grant.
ALEXIS.
No Information has yet been received by the
government, officially stating when Grand Duke
I Alexis will nrrhe here. Arrangements for pre
semntion to the president will be made by Sec
retary Fish and Minister Catacazy. and tiie pre-
sentation will propabh take place on the day
succeeding his arrival, nt noon. There will be
!no formal speech making, and no nub-
I lie display at the presentation, which
j will take place in the blue. room. 'lhe
president will he attended bv the cabinet,
and the duke by his suite ami Minister Catacazy,
who will introduce him to the president and the
cabinet. He will then be escorted to the red
I room, and presented Io Mrs. Grant, and, alter a
I short time spent in conversation, will retire and
return to New York the next day. General
I Sheridan is of the opinion that a buffalo hunt
by the duke will have to be abandoned, owing
to the lateness of the season.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. 20 —The barometer will
probably fall Tuesday, with northeasterly winds
and threatening weather, on the gulf coast; par
tinlly cloudy and pleasant weather m the intc
i ior ot the gulf states. The area of lowest pres
sure will continue southeastward through
Canada, with westerly winds; falling barometer
and threatening weather in New York and New
England; rising barometer and clearing weather
from Virginia to Lake Huron and westward;
brisk, but not dangerous, winds, from Ihe south
west, on Lake Erie.
A Jlonomaiiiac’M Will.
San Francisco, Nov. 20.—The trial of the
Horace Hawes contested will case is progressing
at San Francisco. The testator practically dis
inherited his wife and daughter, giving a con
siderable sum to his son, and the bulk of the
remainder t<» found the Mount Eden uni
versity, under terms which render the project
impracticable. Ihe widow contests the will, on
the ground of the insanity of the testator, and
the evidence to that effect is very strong. The
testimony shows that the testator was for years
a monomaniac on the subject of money
and his wife, licensing her of the most infamous
crimes and attempts to poison him without the
slightest reason. He compared himself with
Jesus hiist, and imagined himself the greatest
benefactor of ihe human race. The general
opinion is that the will will be broken.
A bbreviated l>i«patcli<*N.
Ar Salt Lake the grand jury has adjourned
until Monday.
The remains of Col. Anderson will be sent to
America.
A transport sails from Cadiz on the 30th with
frosh tioops for Cuba.
Thomas Murphy, collector of the port of New
ork, has resigned, and Gen. Chester A. Arthur
has lieen appointed in his place.
It is untrue that Detective Sampson has gone
to Europe lor Garvev. He has been despatched
in pursuit of a noted forger.
A Detroit, Mich., dispatcli savs: “Schooner
Twilight was wrecked on the 15th, off Port Au
burne. Six persons were lost.”
I he Orleans, N. Y., Democrat proposes to run
Sanford E. Church, of New York, for president,
with Giatz Brown, of Missouri, for vice presi
dent.
Henry C. Bowen, of the Independent and
Brooklyn Union, publishes a card denying
that he is connected with the Brooklyn ring.
The paymaster general’s report shows that the
disbursements of the year to the army, military
academy, volunteers, back pay and bounties were
$18,500,000.
Several cars with live stock were smashed by
a collision on the Ohio and Mississippi railroad,
Sunday, near Osgoood, Indiana, and the engi
neer's arm was broken.
Fifth auditor of the treasury, Barron, is ex
pected to resign shortly to accept a scat in the
Wisconsin legislature, to which he has been
elected.
Count Chambord, chief of the elder brane h of
Bourbons, contradicts the report that he in
tends to surrender the hereditary right to the
throne of France.
J. A. Alpers, deputycollector of internal reve
nue at Charleston, S. C., has mysteriously dis
appeared. An examination ofhis aceountsshow
them to be correct. His friends claim foul play.
The seendary of war has issued an order re
voking the order of the Ist inst., which discon
tinued the department ot the Platte, and re-es
labhshing the department with Brig. Gen. E. O.
(’ord in command.
A man mimed Kane, twenty-two vearsof age,
reading on Samson street, Philadelphia, was
run ovcf by a car on the Union line on Saturday
night. He has since died at the hospital. The
driver and conductor are in cuskmlv.
It is probable that in the event of the pope
quilting Rome, if tiie Italian government passes
the bill interfering with Ihe rights of religious
bodi s in Rome, that he will seek an asylum in
France.
Steamer Montana, which sailed from San
Francisco for Panama, on Monday, carried
merchandise to the value of $27,00(1, mainly
from New York, including 10,000 gallons of
wine.
D. D. T. Moore of the Rural New Yorker is
urged in various quarters for republican candi
date for governor. General Cochrane ami Os
wald Ottendorfer, the Get man leader, are candi
dates tor mayor. Henry Smith of Albany, an
old-time republican, has the inside track for
speaker es the assembly.
It is expected that the grand duke will be pre
sented to the president at. noon on Wednesday.
The president and cabinet, the grand duke aiid
suite, and Minister’Catacazy will be the onlv
ones present, and the ceremony will take place
it) the blue parlor.
At one o’clock on Sunday morning, at Color
ado, Pa., the house and tavern of Michael Can
field was destroyed by fire. His two daughters,
aged seven and nine years, were burned to a cin
der. The tire is supposed to be the act of an in
cendiary.
The surgeon general reports the expenditures
of ihe year as 1830,000, leaving a balance of
$l,500,0()(»; 8900 persons received artificial limbs
or money commutation therefor, during the
year. The health of Ihe army was not so good
as the previous .year.
A Washington special savs: “A movement in
side the republican party has been inaugurated
to nominate Secretary Boutwell for the presi
dency. This is done with a view of harmonizing
the party and fusing with the anti-Grant ele
ment which holds the balance of power. Mr,
Boutwell declines to aid this movement,”
On Saturday afternoon three wcil-dressod men
entered J. Brenner’s jewelry store in Maiden
lane, New York, and began inspecting the goods.
While two of them engaged the attention of Mr.
Brenner and his clerk, the third man made oft’
with a tray on which were diamond
rings, valued at $2500.
Secretary Robeson has not written a line of
his report yet. He says that the published state
ments giving an alleged synopsis of it are mere
guess work, and formed probably on his last
year's recommendation, as he docs not know
yet himself what suggestions or recommenda
tions he will make this year.
Information from Charleston goes to show
that the democratic leaders are making strong
appeals to the citizens to favor the repudiation
of the state debt, Much local excitement exists,
and the course pursued by the democrats is re
garded as likely to stir up the passions of the
people and eventually cause trouble.
The Chicago grand jury have closed their
labors. They commended the action of Mayor
Mason, in calling to his aid the services of
(Jen. Sheridan, ami consider that the thanks of
the community are due to Sheridan for his ef
ficient aid to regulate the police force in the
emergency caused by the tire.
The final vote was reached in the Omaha
house, yesterday, on the bill to repeal the
woman suffrage law—ayes, nine, all democratic;
nay three, republicans. The bill will come up
in the council in a day or two,
land Gordon of Scotland has completed an
extensive tour through the northwest, tn the in
terest of organized emigration from Scotland,
lie purchased two townships of land from the
Northern Pacfic railroad company, in western
Minnesota, for a large Scotch colony,a portion
of Whom have already arrived with many Une
thoroughbred cattle, which they design to be
engaged in raising.
A sensational special from Washington statc
that a new political movement will be inaugu,
rated Thanksgiving day, when Ben. Butler,
Horace Greeley, Carl Schutz, Jacob S. Cox
Charles A. Ilana, Lyman Trumbull, Thurlow
Weed, Wm. M. Evarts, Senator Spencer of Ala
bama and other anti-Grant men will meet and
take steps to form a new political programme.
They will be aided by Henry Wilson and Charles
Sumner.
|n accordance with the general request of the
pope, a m w organization has been formed in
New Y uk for the purpose of “prayer, vigilance
and mutual emourageim nt aw| ediftcation,
and for the defence of (ho «hureh awl her insti
tutions/’ Arvhhlslmp McCloskey has approved
the oluepth m the association, which is called the
Catholic union of New Yoik.
The fi ibune defends Governor palmer in bis
course towards (Jen. Sheridan and thomavor of
Chicago, concerning the discharge of state
troops at the ||r<, and says: “Good intentions
cannot excuse violations of law. The surrender
of municipal authority into the hands of sol
diers is an act of desperation. Nothing van jus
tify it; nothing can ever excuse it Um an over
powering which deprives all civil
magistrates of their free will. |t dues nut ap
pear that at any time there was such a neces
sity existing in Chicago,”
Ihe whole o| the Hunt part of the frigate
Svetlana u devoted to the grand duke and his
suite, and is furnished in handsome style, the
upholstery living in scarlet satin. Heavy green
curtains divide the apartment into a parlor and
drawing nmm, while on the starboard side of
the UfKr is the stateroom of the duke. The
deck within the apaitmeuts is covered with a
heavy silk carpet, and the stern windows are
hung with lace curtains. Numerous portraits
us Ibe royal family adorn the walls.
A Washington dispatch states that the senate
finance com nittee will soon begin the revision
of the tariff and tax laws. Prominent members
of this committee express the beliet that taxa
tion may be reduced fl ftp to one hundred mil
llW? annually without detriment to the pubifc
I’RICE 1 CENTS.
sciviee. This conclusion has i»een reached after
a ciHeful co-operation with Secretary Boutwell,
Commissioner Douglass and prominent revenue
officers, also distillers and tobacco manufaetur-
The committee appointed at the la>t >vs>inn of
congress to examine the condition of the Missis
sippi level’s, have performed their duty, and will
submit their report to congress at the approach
ing session, recommending that the work of
keeping the levees in repair be embodied in a
system tinder control and supported by the na
tional government, and that a bureau of levees
be created in the war department, under the
charge of competent engineers, to attend spe
cially to the matter.
Gen. Howard s report of the operations of the
freedmen’s bureau states that the work was con
fined to ihe care of the hospital in Washington,
the collection and payment of bounties due
colored soldiers, and the supervision ot educa
tional work. Seven hundred and tl irtv-tour
thousand were paid during the year for colored
bounties and claims, leaving a balance of $784,-
000. Gen. Howard recommends the 420 persons
in the hospital to be provided for bv an appro
priation, and (hat the hospital bo placed in the
care of the district government. He concluded
by recommending the payment of bounties and
other monies due colored soldiers io he transfer
red to the pay department ol the army, and that
the freedmen’s bureau be closed, and its records
turned over lo the secretary of war on the Ist of
July, 1872.
The Tribune says,editorially: “Prince Alexis,
we trust, may find his visit as pleasant as the
good will of our people would have it. and that
the simplicity and heartiness oi the courtesies
hi m i’ receive may tiih indicatt the sincere re
gard in which we have held the ruler who abol
ished serfdom while we aliolished slavery, and
the country that in our darkest hours never
failed to give us the great aid of its moral sup
port. It lie is pursued with unwe come atten
tions, the experienced officers and men of the
world who form his suite will be able to nmind
him that flunkeys flourish in all climes, and if a
few of the baser sort persist in signalizing his
visit by abuse of his father’s minister, he may
infer that American boors are able to write, but
are also unscrupulous.”
OATENT OFFICE BUSINESS-Amer!
A. can ana Foreign l*atcnU procured,Rejected Ap
pIH AtiotiH re-argued; inU’rt.Teih c Gaoex Prosecuted;
Opinions given 44 to the validity and intringement u i
Patents and *ult»( proßßcntod and defended in the U. 8
Courts, by
TIfOM. II DO»QK.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman oflthe
Beard oi Appeale. U. 8. Patent office.) ounselh r at
Law and Advocate in Patent Casea. Office, Dodger
Block, eurner Park and Portland sU. Worcester Maas.
u2i d&wtf
QLIV EK’S
STOVE STORE,
«?88 MAIN STREET OED NO.
JW24 dtf
arb hi a re, Atobes,
j? u KN ACES
DUNKLEE'N PATENT SUPERIOR
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OR AH PORTABLE,
A. RUSSELL CO.,
30 IOUTIiBRIRGE BT., WORCESTER
Mole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yoersclvee that it is the beat Hot
Air Furnace in the nuirkd, liaxing nearly double the
aniotint <>i heating Hiii ia< e, and a vapor pan so arranged
as supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, tree from dust
amoke and gas. us I he many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Cod
per and <;ia-» ware. F
Tut Rooting Pump Work, am! Jobbing of all kindaat
tended to with neainesaand dispatch
A RUSSELL A CO.,
No. 3« Southbrldge st.. Worcester.
mvß <itf
jg STABLI SII ED 1 M 1 $26
AV. S’.
(Successor to Wm, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Macliiue* Railroad. Iron, nraas. and
i»oaitiOH
CASTIMJS.
HOT AIR FURNACES, TILT AM) DROP HAMMERS
Aoueduct, lias and steam Pipe, Wire Machinery and
Annealers, W at er W heels. Elevators, Clay Grinders
Corn ami Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cock.-, Wmdu Weights. Ac.
Shafting, Mill Work ana Gearing, Forging, Pattern
Work aud Machine Jobbing done to order.
'I lIOMAM MTKEET.
PMI dtf Worcester. Mass.
J B O N ~S T EE L,
The subscriber, have constantly on hand a vervlarse
M»orlnn-nt of IUOM AA» aTKKL ol alld'escno
non.. Abo,
CHAINS,
VISES. NUTS,
BELLOWS, WASHERS,
PORT A RLE EORUKS, HORSE SHOES.
HORSE NAILS,
BLEIXIES, RASBH,
Sl-RINHS TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAk.
BOLTS, OKINDSTONES
t BEACH SANK, .tc„ Sc.
which will be sold al the lowest prices, at the old atanp
WASIIIKGTON NQVAICK.
Woreeater. ApriH.lßW.. '.Hi
Vetoing
SIWINC II U HUE I
Klegant, Simple, and Durable!
EOCK-imTCII,
sTßAioirr N Ei.m.i: andmiivttle.
Bis Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine 0., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
l dTu.ThtkStf J. C. BROCK, Agent
yy EEu
Sewing Machine,
Tho Family Favorite! 1
A. E. PECK, Agent,
_«8 JU 100 Main Ht.
W II EEL Ell W 1L S O M’S
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE TILE BEST
Ever Offered to Publie PiHronnge.
They are simple, working without a shut tic. durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
(.'all and see before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
Hr evcry Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL.
3-10 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
s!3 deoptf
'JiHE
HOWE BEWING MACHINES
J' 1 Tn 7 K CK *O O l EI.WRATEU VAT-
ThUNS for Laities Misses’, and Children's Garments
i Patterns ot alt sizes, at
M»i» Ml.. Worcester. Ma s.
1.. Q. MPAULDINO, Agent.
Also, Needle* FOK ALL AINDS OF MACHINES, Milk, Ofl
at- Tm-kcrs, Ruftters, and Corders.
Machine. Repaired. dtf ap6
IplE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work dune by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overscan! or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
call and examine Machines and Work, al
334 Main Street.
■nr i. ii. »TucKwr.i,i.
Hard and white pine timber
On hand and Sawed to Dimensions.
HARO PINE PLANK, HARO PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
N T KT N O N At PO P F
Wharf and Dock—First, corner of E street. Office N
mh27 10 state at.. Uosron dlr
pTELLIGEJH'K o I'F I<' i:,
Room No. 14, Ist Nut. Rank Building.
Property rented and rents collected. Houses, tene
mehts, shops, stores, and rooms obtMned for those who
wlaii. Help übiained for general housework, and situ i-
Uors foun I for D anestics on the most re»s liable terms.
04 dtjal UREEXWVQU A CO.
AU VtUi isIAG RATE#.
I» Daky Bft—For the "Square* of ten Jlncg’ sol
agate type, 1 time7s ets.; each subsequent Insertion 5®
eta.; 1 week |175; 2 weeks fl. 00; 1 month W; I year
fbo—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two Unes for one week fl. 00; three line f 1.251
Outlines >1.37; five lines >|.s». Local notices 25 cent a
par Une for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents p< r
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements >I.OO per square for first inter
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions* In the paper, and special stylet of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wfkkly Spy—First insertion >I.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; one
year >25.00.
Boticcs.
rjIHE NEXT VISIT OF
Dr. Li» a litliill
TO THE
KAI STATE IHHSE,
WILL BE ON
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
NOV. 23, '4 1 and 8,«,
where he can be consulted on
Deafness, ('aturrli, Blinilness and all
other Chronic Ailments.
Consultation free. wltAdMtf nn
|1 WILL RESTORE Till: COLOR ID
URAY OB FADED HAIR!
AV A. R R E NT S
AOT POISONOUS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United states Patent Office. Sept. ID, 1871.
No Cleah as Water and as Pi rs. It
m’ A •mM-qllenllV II will
not (.urn Ilie Hai.' ur make it <lrv and wiry. Mtrate
ot .liver, Sugar ot Lead, Lac Snlphur, Ate. It will
KESTOKE TIIE COEOU
r *r or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
tailing ofl. li will tend to
MAKE TIIE HAIR GROW.
MANCFACTURRD BY
EDWIN A. WARKEY,
Apothecary,
IN BAY STATE HOUSE. WORCESTER,
To whom all orders should be addressed.
_o3o dtf
REMOVAL.
O. L. HATCH
Has Removed from
KO. 11 TO NO. 17 CROMPTON S BLOCK,
Two doors East, corner of Mechanic street and Norwich
ami Worcester R. R. track, to the store formerly occu
pied by the Nt. Louis Flour Co.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Mechanic Street.
HOK E FAMILY FLOUR
From to «IO.AO per Barrel.
iff’ Every barrel is warranted.
.lAMESS. WEY3 H, F. F. F.
.lONES A 0., DELHI,
SNOW FLAKE, EMERALD,
LILY WHITE, A<-., Ac.
Also, 500 Barrels of choice hand-picked
WINTER APPLES,
APPLES, APPLES.
Cf?’" Call and see them.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Mechanic Mt Crompton 'n Block.
nd <llt
EE P I T TII E COL D
A NEW ARTICLE.
MILLER'S PATENT RUBBER MOULDING
For Doors ami Windows.
No Wood About it!
Composed Entirely of Rubber!
Will effectually exclude
RAIN, SNOW, COLD, DUST.
Exceedingly compact, a hundred feet being contained
in a box seven inches by eleven inches, and so simple in its
const ruction that it can be applied by any one.
Pi-ice Six Dollar* per Box of 100 Feet.
Sent by express, pre-paid, on receipt of price, when
ordered in full boxes.
BLRDITT WILLIAMS,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS AND
.lubber* and Retailer* of Builder**
Hardware,
30 Dock Square. 20
BOSTON.
I'. S. Ample discount to the Hardware trade.
19 dtw
JIEALTH, MONEY, COMFORT 1!
TINGLEY’S
Al TOMAHC HEAT GOVERNOR,
FOK HOT-AIR Fl RN At LS.
This invention has now been thoroughly tested for
Four Years, and is u/*red to the public us a perfect
remedy tor Hie inconveniences, dangers, and annoyances
arbing from Furnaces as ordinarily managed. Some of
its advantages are
bL J sure remt dy for the escape of yas or smoke through
the house.
'ld. An economy in the use of coal.
3d. It prevents clinkers and the necessity of sis ting
ashes.
4th. Insures all danger against fire from an overheated
furnace.
■•th. (lives uniformity of temperature with every change,
of the weather, saving care and time tn the manage
ment of thefurnace.
In or’er to gain these advantages, it h only necessary
to kindle the tire, supply the coal, and leave the furnace
(without regard to the drafts,) ho the cake us the
••GOVERNOR.”
Attached to Brick or Portable Furnaces, Old or New.
I ir Send for a Pamphlet.
Tingley Automatic Heat Governor Co.
T. V. PHELPS, Agent.
For Worcester County and Vicinity, Office 22 Pearl st.,
Worcester. Ma.-s. d3in n 2
j£ARNESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
LINED AND UNLIMED,
WOOL ROBES!
HORSE HLANKEm
CIRC IN <3 LEM and
WHIPS I
A stock equal to any In the city, which we are selling
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON, GUZHR CO.S.
nT dtf 202, -M ami 206 Main st.
'J'HBKIs 1 N G s r H
Stove Polish.
For BRILLIANCY, SAVING of LABOR, DURABIL
ITY, and CHEAPNESS. UNEQUALLED. In bulk for
stove-dealers' use at 12 cu. per Ih.
MORSE BROS., Prop'*.
oil dl’Jw CANTON. MASS.
1( M I tn 1 l‘" r guaran
tJJvAv""" arntt-Fv/Ucd sure tu Agentseverv
where selling our new seven strand White I‘gtixa
Clotheslines. Sells readily al vvery house, smnpica
tree. Address the GIMA RD WIR EMI LLs,
v 23 deopaweowim* Philadelphia I'a,