rionne,
NEW-YORK. MONDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1871. PRICE FOUR CENTS
"FOREIGN NEWS.
vor. XX X1..N° 9,531.

MM. GAMBETTA ON TIE RESULT OF THE RECENT
ELECTIONS—PRINCE NAPOLEON MOBBED.
Parts, Oct. 23, 1871.
FRANCE.
A letter from M. Gambetta is published, in
which he says that though the Republicans of France
have been defeated at the elections for members of the
Consells Genersaux, he finds nothing in the result to
cause despondency, as the same elections have extin
guished the hopes of those retrogradists who desired to
see France recommitted to the Bonapartes, and have
shown that the advocates of a monarchy under other
dynasties arc lukewarm.”
While Prince Napoleon was on his way to Marseilles,
en route to Corsics, as the train stopped at the town of
Valence, on the railroad line from Lyons to Avignon,
the people, who had heard of the Prince's journey,
gathered about the railway station and demanded his
surrender into their hands. Upon being informed that
the Prince traveled under safe conduct of the Gov
ernment they vented their hatred im hisses, yells, and
threats, which followed the train until it had passed the
limits of the town. The Prince arrived at Ajaccio,
Corsica, yeaterday, but there was no demonstration.
She bytiGeuting of the Franco-German treatios were
exchanged
Bets Sas], Jeeedas by the representatives of
A diepatch from Mets reports that serious troubles
have arisen between the North amd South German sol
diery in garrison there, and that several encounters and
pugilistic affrays have occurred between members of the
Bavarian and Prussian regiments,
A I—
TRADE RIOT IN LINCOLN—NAPOLEON ‘‘INTER
VIEWED” BY A NEWSPAPER CORRESPOND
ENT.
Loxpon, Oct. 23, 1871.
A serious disturbance occurred at Lincoln,
yesterday, originating with the workmen who are now
on strike. The rioters were attacked by the police, but
the latter wers not in sufficient force to quell the out
break, and were driven off, after which the strikers at
tacked the houses of the master workmen and did con
siderable damage.
The ex-Emperor Napoleon has returned to Chiselhurst.
On his joarney thither he was “interviewed by a cor
respondent of The BaiA Argus (a Conservative news
paper), to whom he declared his belief that the present
Government of France was weak and inadequate to the
wanta ef the country.”

ANOTHER MINISTERIAL COMBINATION.
ANOTHER MINISTERIAL COMBINATION.
MADRID, Oot. 23, 1871,
It is ramored that a project is afoot of a
mew ministerial combination, in which Bagasta, Zorrilla,
and an influential Democrat are included.
I
SETTLEMENT OF THE RAILWAY BOND QUESTION.
LOXDOR, Oct. 29, 1871.
The Ronmanian Government has handed to
the representatives of the Financial Protection Com
mittee” a declaration consenting to the Committee's
proposed mode of settling the questions in connection
with the bonds guaranteed by the Governmest for the
Rtroussberg Railway scheme.
rr
THE STEAMER HORNET.
A £PANISH CONSUL DEMANDS HER SURRENDER
FROM THE PRESIDENT OF HAYTIL
FROM THE PRESIDENT OF HAYTL
PoRT-AU-PRINCE, Oct. 9.—Some 12 months
stance the American steamer Hornet left the City of New:
York on a Cuban expedition. Although every attempt
was made at that time by the Spanish authorities in
New-York to get the Hornet seized, on the allegation
that she had on board a large quantity of arms and am
munition, she ultimately sailed as a merchant vessel
Subsequently the Hornet put in here, where ahd has re
mained up to the prosent time, wmder the constant sur
veillance of the Spanish authorities.
Finding the Hornet did not attempt to leave the port,
the Bpaniards grew tired of watching her, and they de
termined to take other measures to secure her. The aid
and mflaence of the Spanish Consul here was called in,
and, backed by two Spanish war-vessels, one of them
having on board a Spanish Admiral, sent communica
tion to the Haytian Government demanding that in the
space of ¢8 hours the Hornet should be given into their
hands. The Spanish Consul also stated in his letter that
uniess these demands were complied with the Spanish
authorities would at once proceed to take her by force.
A claim of $120,000 in gold was also put in by way of in
demnity, being the amount alleged to have been ex
pended for ecal and other necessaries while watching
over the Hornet.
As no answer was given to this requisition, a meeting
was eubsequently held on the Tih inst., composed of the
Ministers of France and England and America. Mr.
Jaatis, the American Minister, afterward prooeeded to
ent Saget’s race for five purpose of having a
conference. But President Delap at Aux Cayes, on
his togr to the South, Mr, Bassett only saw the Minister
of the Interior. During this interview Mr. Bassett
sland, oh behall Ro American Goverment, ht
Hornet was no and eo uently she
right 20 claim full protection ey nael ron vessel,
adel ble oes’ apueity he should do his utmost to
r.
The Minister of the Interior, on behalf of the Haytian
Goverument, finally sent reply to the Spaniards, slaiing
that it waa out of his Ya comply with the demand,
the Barnet being un foreign fag.” The Diplomatic
Large eoncurred in the Minister's re and entered
the Xr oieet. As soon a8 this decision was fives, the
fpanish Consul decided to haul down his flag, And sailed
for Cuba to obtain further instructions.
Thereds no American war-vesssl in this Jos Byary
precantion has been taken by the officers 0 the Horne!
and with the consent of ytian authorities she has
been hauled olese in to the shore. It new remhins to be
seen whether the Spanish authorities will dare to further
sutrase the American flag.
SE STORM ON THE LAKES.
I
anuy OF THE TOSSES,
Caicace, ‘Oct. 31.—The reports of losses by
the late storm on the lakes bring every day the story of
score of mew disasters; and some of the oldest navi
gators assert that no eingle gale has ever been so de
structive simoe the establishment of trade on the lakes.
The following le a partial list of, losses, in addition to
those previoudly reported
wins Mesbasie, ctl, foundered with all on beard. Owned in Racine,
gents Dulles, waterlogged frem collision. Towed inte
Breelsior, Jost with al} ou board.
Schosses H. C. Winslow, previessly reported lest Three women
frowned crew piched =p afler 48 boars’ exposure.
Propelier Pree State, gove down aad left no trace.
Scbegver Melvin, total loss.
Thres-masied foreand-sfter sabere at Kbeboreets
Two grows, top-call schooner, 8 black and thees ether vessels
at Milwaukee, crippled
Twe wesels ashore at Presque Isle.
But ope of the remaining hosts of the R. G. Coburn has been resceed,
$i dye passengers, Total mow saved, 18; supposed to be Jost .ab
Lady Anabard and Mary Fhompers ashore 4 Puta? Slbect, Ousads.
ee A Rie Tora, adbors 64 Dunkirk.
Two unkown vessels ashove noar Toledo.
PropellerGalens, ashore an Sake Haron total loss.
Behooner Levant. total los: man only saved.
Bcbeoner L. L. Lomb, dn the Straits.
Schooner LM. Mason, ashore near
Schooners Dobbins, Pride, Halland, Senstor. Susmyside, Molitor, and
Te sce wb Bois Blane, aad the schosser Major
XR Ferry a Black Grch:
we veumele adore at Carp River.
Propeller Tors eu aber Long Pola, bat off by futsleoning
500 re of Sow 1nd 1508 bart pork. ny
Ba em ar] atthe, W. Alles, Imperial, Blasnor, and Clayton
felaoner eb Whitae.
George L. 7, eal far this port, sshare on Sugar ksland
Tog and fuso barges, a total Crews camel
lags.
Fa Lael achare os Point Wespeschauss. The Magset and Letis
YPpeiiecs ph dans or a
RATIONAL COLORED OQONVENTION.
Covromnia, 8. C,, Oct. 22.—The Natiopal Con
vention meet in Golumbis on Wednesday, Lieut.-Gov. BRan
ser of Semth Carolina being permanent President. On
Thursday resoletions indoreng President Grant's Admin
stration were fnteeduced snd referred. Resolutions
were adopted advoesting the preservation Ocon
structedr Btate Goveraments and existing Eo d the
ptinnance iu power of the Republican party; slao
eae
class within the Republian Fauks, Resolutions werp jb.
irofuced on Friday deprogalivg ear tion to FAberth.
Sn greasian Eilfott nth Carona Jewtorday sun.
eo AD address Ww $BSA Ars people. He aks for
more perfect resoghftion of the colored peuple iu the
workshops, and all r industrial pursuiss, fbat they
wey bosome proficdens in mechanical semnecs, and
thereby roteet killed artisuns from buving to gempgte
GRFAT BRITAIN
SPAIN.
POITMANTA.
in the market with workmen of inferior capability, oxi
asks from Oungress aid foi the education of poer
deen of the Bouth.
ew or
4

FOURTH RACE OF TRE INTERNATIONAL BERIES
WHOLESALE ARRESTS OF KU-KLUX IN SOUTH
CAROLINA.
[BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.|
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29, 1871.
A dispatch received here by your correspond
out to-night, dated Columbia, 8. C., from a high official,
states that the U. 8. Marshal last night brought 19 Ku
crvsesTae
rom. .0siisssens
Klux prisoners to that eity, aud that he has 60 more at
Spartanburg.
REPORTED SURRENDER OF AN ENTIRE DEN,”
WITH THEIR ARMS AND DISGUISES—SUS
PICIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF WELL-KNOWN
CITIZENS
Klux prisoners to that ¢ity, and that he Das OU IMOLE 8
Spartanburg.
REPORTED SURRENDER OF AN ENTIRE DEN,”
WITH THEIR ARMS AND DISG U1SES—8US
PICIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF WELL-ENOWN
CITIZENS,
[GENERAL PRESS DISPATCH.)
WABHINGTON, Oot. 23, 1871.
Advices received here from South Carolina
stato that at Spartanburg, on Wednesday ovening last,
a Ku-Klux “den,” consisting of a chief and 20 members,
surrendered to United States Marshal Johnson, with
their arme and disguises. Up to Friday morning 70 ar
rests had been made in the vicinity of that town alone.
Spartanburg is known to be the headquarters for that
Congress district. Arrests have been made in other
counties, but the number is not known here.
A number of well-known citizens are missing, in
cluding Mr. Lyle, a member of the Legislature, who ie
reported to be the chief of the Klan for that district.
Among those who have disappeared are two or three
clergymen, known for their strong rebel proclivities.
The officers of the law are proceeding steadily with
their work, and before the arrests are all made they will,
it is affirmed, show the existence of a deep and wide con
spiracy sgainst the State, the laws, and all who sustain
them. Most of the Ku-Klux refugecs are known to have
fled to Georgls, where the Order is quite strong. The
Grand Cyclops for that State is belleved to be %onin
law of Robert Toombs,
Advices from Georgia state that Judge Erskine scems
determined to demonstrate thas there ia no occasion for
the military law in that State. The officers of the Court
are arresting men by the score in the upper part of
Goorela under charges of Ku-Kluxism. The Py Hh
Republican cays: ‘The civil tribunals are vindicating
the law, and we believe that Georgia juries have long
since lost patience with heedless men who are bringing
#0 much trouble upon the State, and will punish them
when proved to be guilty.”
THE RECENT ARRESTS IN KENTUCKY—MORE
THREATS.
LouisviLLe, Ky., Oct. 21.—A number of the
best citizens of Lexington in this city, have been
summoned to testify before the Grand Jury of the United
States Court in reference to the late election riot at Lex
ington, the object being, doubtless, to bring the guilty
Jefeons to an account, Two young men of the first
amilies of Frankfort are now in jail in this city on the
charge of murder, having been unpleasantly mixed up in
the MuKiuziog of two goat at Frankfort on the night
of the jugust ection. Itisknown that threats have been
made in the Ficnity of Frankfort that these young men
should be hberated from jail, and some credence ia given
to the rumor that a large band of armed men has been
organized and equiped for this purpose. It is reported
that the Company, with headquarters at North Benson,
pumbers 400, and that they are the most thoroughly
equipped company in the country. There are some who
believe that it was the intention of the leaders of this
Ku-Klux band to make the attempt several days ayo,
but that they postponed it on account of a paragraph
which appeared in The Courier-Journal, which warned
them that they ign get hurt if they came to the city.
There is not much danger that the Hsmpt will be made,
if it was ever intended, as the authorities are on the
watch, aud ready to give them a warm reception.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.—The Collector of Cus
toms at Gloucester has officially notified the Beoretary of
the Treasury that the schooner Edward A. Horton was
seized on the 1st of Beptember, 1871, by the Dominion
cutter Sweepstakes for an alleged violation of the Ca
nadian fishery laws and taken to Guysboro, N. 8. The
Collector also states that about week ago the owner
went to Guysboro to look after bis vessel and found her
lying st wharf, when he y Juitely and joaceably’s took
Josesssion of his vessel and sailed for Gloucester, where
arrived on the 18th inst. Asthe papers of the schooner
have been lost, the owner Rospesituly asks that new
Paper Tay bo ined, a ed im section 81, one of
he revised regulations, haing been no condemna
tion of the vessel by the English courts,
Er ——I——
8t. Louis, Oct. 21.—In the National Police
Convention to-day, the Committee on Order of Business
reported the following questions for the consideration of
the Convention, all of which were referred i a com
mittee:
First: For improving the conditions of the abandoned
youth of both sexes.
Becond To provide a systematic plas for transmitting
detective information throughout the country.
Thu Cpedaatien sta enn SL Se LC
rth: For a pe po egra
throughout the several Beaton. gr
Firth The subject of photographs and a regular sys
tem for exchange of the same.
a The subject of reward for extraordinary ser
oes.
MiowaAvkee Wis, Oct. 2L.—1he produce
dealers and bankers of this city are agitating the ques
tion of a submarine cable across Lake Michigan to open
a newazoute to Michigan, Canada, and the East. The
Englemann Transportation Company offer to lay the
eable free of expense. The Shiact ut the enterprise is te
have two Mines of eommunica with the East, 80 that
if one fails, as waa the case during the Ghicago fire, thero
will be another route open for business. commitiee
has been appointed to confer with the telegraph compa
nies. A party of Canadians are here urging the project.
Care, Ill, Oct. 22.—At Union City, Tenn,
1ast night, while the passengers of a Mobile and Ohio
Railroad train were at supper, three men Boru on the
engine and ran the train back on the track lor twe mbes,
while two ethers entered the expross oar and robbéll the
safe of aboms $4,000. The messenger was at supper, and
map on Who was ove
robbers. hs
THE WEW-JEOREEY RAMLROAD LEASE CONSUM
MATRD.
PiruAapELrHIA, Oct. 21.—1he lease of the
Caited Railroad Companies of Now-Jersey to the Pemn
sylvenis Railroad has been signedy all the Ognpaaist
except the Trentom. Mir. Bradferd, President o that
Road,’ Js sbeenf¥in Jusope, but Mr. Gelamer, Acting
Predident, will sign the lease ‘by direction of the
Company."
es ee
€pecrnnaT, Oct. 2.—It 18 reported, to-asy,
that the immense distriot of wood-land in Campbell
County, Kentucky, is on fire, and the flames spreading
with fearful rapidity. There is mueh excitement ia Al
exandrid, }3 miles frosa Newport, which is sdid to be
threatened
BE—————

The annual meeting of the National Ceuncil of
{he Unio League of Ameries will bo held in Philadeiphia 0a bec. 13.
....A report from Constantinopl
nin Aah) fatenda ta appropriate the’ sutinople that the
allow The A tant} Call of TEhsgies Boe 8 Ber Ad
free of tolls
....Mrs. Yair has becn rgfused s new trial. The
srgament on the Gempurrer Gomes up ib 4 few days, but there is Bitle hope
fut the prisoner,
....Incendiaries fired a block in jan Francisco, on
rida y night, at five heron’ hls, but I ge was dope. The
pole are working up tw ik
THE KU.KLUX.
THE SAPPHO DEFEATS THE LIVONIA BY
THE WAR ON POLYGAMY.
ELDER HAWKINS FOUND GUILTY OF ADULTERY.
SALT LAKE City, Utah, Oct. 21.—The jury
in the Hawkins case has returned a verdict of guilty.”
The annoancement created much excitement. The coun
sel for the people moved thst the defendant be taken
into custody, and the motion was stoutly resisted hy the
defendant’s attorneys. The prosecution, however, were
firm in their demand that the case should take the ordi
nary course, and the United States Marshal was accord
ingly directed to hold Hawkins as a prisoner. Time was
allowed to prepare a motion for a new trial and arrest of
judgment. The penalty prescribed by the Utah statute
for the crime of adultery is imprisonment for not over 20
years nor less than three years, or a fine of mot over
$1,000, or both fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of
the Court. This is a test case, and virtually places all
polygamists at the mercy of the first wife, who, under
the act, is the only person who can institute proceedings
acainat the husband.
THE BCHOONER HORTON—NEW PAPERS ASKED
TANTS
WATIONAYL, POLICE CONVENTION.
PROPOSED TELEGRAPH CABLE ACROSS LAKE
3 MICHIGAN.
ARING ROBBERY OF AN EXPRESS CAR.
PORPET VERFR WW KEXTUCKY.
TRI. EOGRAPHIC NOTES,
INTERNATIONAL YACHTING
A VICTORY FOR THE BAPPHO.
1060 10HE-CHULIDNDUU UDDLIVL VL JRlatviiiase
pave a keel-boat matched against the Livonia has been
gratified; the Bappho sailing against her on Saturday,
giving her even a worse defeat than did the Columbia
week ago. The Livonia sailed more admirably than she
ever has in these waters.
According to the American record this makes three sno
cesses to one defeat. Mr. Ashbury thinks differently,
however, as the following note, sent to the Committee on
Saturday morning, indicates
Naw-Yorx, Oct. 21, 1871
GurrLenEx 1 continue the series of races ithout prejaiice to my
confirmed eiaim, the subject of your communication of Yours
truly, JAMES ASMBUATL.
This is likely to give rise to mew complications, a8
New-York yachtmen, if fthey win the race to-day, will
consider the series ended, while Mr, Ashbury will claim
another race. Early on Baturday morning light breezes
prevailed from the north-east, and the sky was almost
cloudless. The Bappho, Livonia, Dauntless, Columbia,
Enchantress, Dreadnaught, and Maglio had been riding
at anchor off Quarantine landing over night, and all
except the Columbia and Maglio started early for the
lightship. The Committee steamer Beth Low left the
foot of Desbrosses-st. fat 7:30, and with the Columbia in
tow steamed through the Narrows for the
lightship, The breeze not belong very fresh
it wae coneldered prudent that the Columbia, which
had been thoroughly overhauled since Wednesday,
should be taken out to scm. At 11:90 the wind having
freshened, the Columbia was signaled to lower the racing
flags flying at Dor peak, and the Bappho, by unfurling
her oqlors, f6xmally announced herself as the American
chZmplon for the day. The steamer Magenta carried
about 500 passengers to the racing ground. The Lacka
wanna, having thrown out her log, steamed toward the
south-south-weet, bound to a point 20 miles from the
lightship, where she was to anchor and hoist all her
colors. The course for the race was from an imaginary
line drawn from the lightship to the Committee boat, an
chored to the eastward, to and around the stake-boat
‘Lackawanna, turning it on ei‘her side, and thence back
to the lightship. After having waited for the stake-boat
to obtain a sufficient lead, the flags were lowered at 12:05
as a signal for preparation, and at 12:10 the lowering of
the colors a second time announced that the Committee
was ready to take the time of the yachts as they passed.
Tue relative proportions of the two yachts are as
ollows
Nome f Yacht. Owner, Apportionment.
Livonia, R. H. Y. C..Commodore James Ashhury..........1.881
Sappho, N. Y. Y. C...Vice-Commodore Wm. P. Douglas. ...1,001
THE RACE,
The wind freshened moderately, and veered just
enough to the west to give the yachts that which Mr.
Ashbury is reported to desire always—‘‘a dead beat to
windward.” When the last signal was given, the Bappho
was on the starboard tack close to the starboard quarter
of the lightship, and the Livonia was on the port tack
heading across the 8appho’s wake. The Sappho, without
any delay, tacked, filled away, and, heading about south
east on the starboard tack, crossed the line at 12:11, and
the Livonia, after going about on her weather quarter,
passed at 12:12:62. Both boats carried, in addition to full
Jower sails, balloons aft and working topsails forward,
with their jib-topsails stowed.
The run out to sea continued until 12:21, when the
Livonia, hoping to ehake off her opponet whieh had hung
very tenaciously on her weather bow, tacked toward the
New-Jersey coast, heading west-south-west. The Bappho,
apparently indifferent, held the starboard tack until
12:33, when she went abeut. The wind having veered
one peint further westward, at 12:40 the boats hauled up
south-west by south, the Sappho having a decided wind
ward advantage. It was in vain that the Livonia was
crowded closer on the wind, for the Sappho was heading
jully 1} points better. The wind in ore proved Very
bafiling, Shangiug with remarkable rapidity, and send
ing the Livonia about at 1:04, bound out south-east. The
Sappho soon after, now fully one-half mile to wind
ward on the Livonia’s lee bow, took in her balloon main
Aul-toneall, and set her Bilin topsall. The Sappho
crossed the bow of the Livonia at 16, Goe-qunrier oF n
mile ahead, and having sailed toward the for five
minutes longer, went about on the same tack as the
Livonia. The breeze Sredusiiy freshened, and at 1:15 the
Livonia, finding that balloon topsail was not draw
ing properly, took it in, and at 1:20 the Sappho lowered
bet pore ahalL Jue ability, of the Sappho 3, autatiing
an ning a windwa on n 1
shown, and she soon abril. ig her lead toa gna
went about at 1:60, heading in toward the shore, leaving
the Livonia on the starboard tack, and on an outside
course. After standing on the port tack for 17 minutes,
the Bappho went about, and the Livonia, apparently act
ing i the belief that the Bappho could outsail it
they oy together, tacked at 2:20 and headed toward the
shore. The breeze was blowing fresher than since the
beglanius of the race, and the Sappho nad stowed awa
both of her topsails, but at 2:47 the Livonia ran up ey.
ing main-topsail,
At the very moment that the Bapins headed outward
on the starboard tack, crossed the bow of the Livonia,
beading toward shore on the port tack, she tacked, leav
ing the Livonia in her wake fully two miles. The Sappho
was determined that the chances of a change in the ry
should be equally shared; and, as she now leaped for
ward through a rough, choppea sea, it was easy to be
seen from the Committee steamer that she sailed fully
two oinie eloser to the wind than her pursuer, The
Be Pp o tacked close in to the shore at 3:35, but
bel the starboard tack only ten minutes,
when she came about to the port The Livo
nia completed the long stretch which she had Deen
waking toward land at 3:50, and for the last time before
turning the stake-boat headed out 10 sea. The Bappho,
which fad been rapidly «aining, tacked to round the
Lackawanna at 4, and passing two minutes later, set her
wmaintopsall as she came about to the homestretch. The
wind was dead aft, and the Bappho, with a lead of
miles, wus insured an easy victory. The Livonia tack
toward shore at 3:13 and passed the boat 17 minutes later,
Jolog round in a oy commendable manner, In the run
fore the wind the appho had it entirely her own way,
and although the Livonia sent one balloon aloft after
another in a most reckless manner, the gap between the
yachts lengthened every moment. TheBappho sradually
ained until she led by Dearly six miles; and althoug
the Livonia spread more sall, the Bappho literally dis
tanced her rival,
OFFICIAL TINE. Corrected
Yacht. Rtart Btake-hoat. Return. Actual time. time,
Bappho.12.11:08 4.02:10 544: 5.33: 24 5.96:
Livomia.12,12:52 4.29.45 6.17:20 6.04:38 6.09:23
The race was won by the Bappho by 31 minutes and 14
seconds, actual time, and 30 minutes and 21 seconds, cor
rected time, giving an allowance of 63 seconds to the
Livonis®
“The sixth race of the international series will be sailed
to-day over the New-York Yacht Club course,
Commodore Ashbury has accepted the shallgage of
Capt. Samuels to sail a race with the Livonia three times
around the lightship from Sandy Hook point, for a 50
guinea cup. A day win be named after the races for the
Queen’s Cup have been completed.
I
ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE YALE NAVY.
THE SCIENTIFICS AGAIN CARRY OFF THE LAU
RELS—IMPORTANT ACTION CONCERNING THE
TTWIVYPRRITY (RFEW.
THE SCIENTIFICS AGAIN CARRY OFF THE LAU
RELS—IMPORTANT ACTION CONCERNING THE
UNIVERSITY CREW.
New-HaveN, Oct. 21.—The annual Fall
races of the Yale Navy came off this afternoon at Lake
Saltonstall. The day itself was'in every way favorable,
and about 800 spectators were present. The roughness
of the lake rendered good time impossible.
Far the barge race, which was first called, two crews
entered, one from the BSclentifc Bohool, and the other
from the Juntor Class. The Belentifics maintained thelr
record of the past year ordwo, beating their competitoss
by 24 seconds time, 15:01, and 1546. The Juniors claimed
foul, and the judges recommended that he course be
Fawed over again. it is stated to-nighs that Oaks of
the Junior crew ned hy vg 80 ore that he
will be unable‘to gh Bchemdifics probably
retain the prizes, six silve gotion. The second race was
tor double sculls, Boomer an Hoyt, class 0373, Chittenden
end KeMy of '74, and Martin Bro GINClAl00s of "15 and
74, being contestants. The prize was two silver gob
lets. The  Brgthass wet. Far tha next rao, eight
single soulls‘ente but at the start two upset, were
£5 oes paca Sai Moet
ame n J. W. Bmith,
JH
M. Hinek
3 fart Ho arth yng ht
wen AD
‘wom in 184 Dewng, "8, in'second In 9:30; Mor.
witt, 74, third, Jn 19:4. The race was Sor mix
oared the two Ja of last
the ntifios Class "3, agala
the n proved I Superior juuscle, rowing RB
the thres-mile course la Ju reaching
Starters boat In 300. Bix hadgne aad te pion
fag of the University were aw. the Belentifics. By
the Iate setion of the Yale Club, hereafter (he University
Crow 4 $0 bo oe in Fast 4a 0 44 pao, belug wads u
of the six strongest oars chosen from all yA
ments. It is to-night protty generally coneetled that
five membets of the crew Davenport and Buck
Som the Bclentific Sohosl, and MoOoak, Thomas, and
of the Junior Class. eo erew, with one or two
Toure men, will soon Soin modarte tranjog, though!
bokting matters generally lle dormant after Fall re
Dolting Inailon goneld J pride.
etl——
i Fini SUMMARIBS.
En co RU had didi Rodd
SUMMARIES.
Pierrwoop Panx, Batumpay, Oct. 3L.—Sweopstakes $3, mile
heats, best three in Sve, fn harness.
J. MeXee's g. 1 Diek....... i 1-1}
J. v's bh. m. Little Kel 3 3
H. 8. Holt's b. g. oly. 3-2
49, 2:48), 2:4
Bame Day—Mateh 0 atts, boot ies i814, 18 barnes.
3
W. E. Weeks's b. Ewhi t Polls... errr eater 1
Kithy Cramb....oocoooaeeeciinins od
B, berth. Cramb
Time, 3:46), 3:44, 7 0L
TROTTING AT FLEETWOOD PARK.
THE TURF.
Bame Day—Ppree apd stake $400, mile heats,
HL Cabers b 8. ate i 1 1011
k o. 11434, 3:450, Dob), Med, Bid Gran,
o Jog Morphy ob f Chri ca dso, stuns
8 wi w
id A ronal from Friday and Pots wi follow
ing day: yd
MIKUTES AND 21 SECONDS.
BABE-BALL,
THE UNITED STATES CHAMPIONSHIP,
The championship contests will be cloged
this week, and on November 1 one of three contestants
will bear off the coveted whip pennant. The following is
the record of legal py won and lost by the three lead
ing contestants in the championship arena:
Mutual.
Haymakers. oc
Cleveland... en c
Chicago ....oqu me
Borton.......t
Athletic me
HH
7 4
“We aeegnd
This week the Athletic nine will play their ey wall
faue with the White Blooxings, 1f they win they wi
ead the Boston nine, On Ba ay the Chicago Club
forfeited their first game with the Haymakors by having
a member of the Active Club of Clinton in their nine,
To-day they play their second fs at Troy, and if they
place the same nine in the field they will loss the pen:
pant, as they will not be able to play thols Cleve
game before Nov. 1. On Wednoaday eo Chicago Club
wi play with the Athleties on the Union Grounds, and
on iday and Baturday their closing games with the
i H
i fs
3-19
The. Stars were defeated in their return game with the
Mutuals on Baturday, by score of 11to 1, The Mutuals
play with the Atlanties, to-morrow, on the {upiicline
rounds, and on Saturday the Stars play with Yale
College nine, on the same ground.
THE LOCAL INSURANCE COMPANIES CHARGED
WITH FRAUDULENT PRACTICES—PROMINENT
CITIZENS IMPLICATED.
[BY TELEGRAPH TO THR TRIBUNE.)
Cnicaco, Oct. 22.—The feeling is very
strong here that the local insurance companies have out
rageously swindled their policy-holders, and the names
of 0ld and wealthy citizens are mentioned for thelr
prominent connection with the stupendous frauds,
Under cover of these names an enormous business has
been done, and very largo profits divided on a very
small pald-in capital, with a result now of losses exceed
ing tenfold their entire assets. The record of the Fire
men’s Company is: Capital, 200,000; entire assets,
$400,000; profits divided, over $1,500,000; and losses by
the great fire, $3,000,000, This was the oldest and most
trusted of the local companies. Twelve or fif
teen companies, represented by men Who are
still rich, largely from the profits of similar
fraudulent insurances, excite a deep and universal
feeling of indignation, especially among owners of
houses who have lost thelr all. The prospect that the
common calamity would make Chicago a closely united
community 18 rudely dispelled by the vastness of this
local insurance grievance. Conflicting real estate inter
ests come to the front, also, and it is at once seen that
business considerations alone will determine the recon
struction of the city.
The churches are largely converted to centers of relief
work, and every day shows increased success in the ad
ministration of the magnificent charity provided by the
sympathy of the civilized world. A more absolute devo
tion, under a sense of great responsibility, was never
witnessed than that of the local managers of the immense
relief demanded by the sufferers from the fire.
[GENERAL PRESS DISPATCH.)
CHICAGO, Baturday, Oct. 21, 1871.
An unfortunate tragedy occurred at midnight near the
Chicago University Cottage on Grove-ave., resulting in
the almost instant death of Thomas W. Grosvenor, the
City Prosecuting Attorney. Mr. Grosvenor, somewhat
under the influence of liquor, was challenged Dy sentry
belonging to the First Chicago Volunteers, and ordered
to halt. The reply to this was an oath. The order was
‘repeated, and no reply made. The third time the sentry
“ordered him 10 balt, or he would shoot. The reply was,
“ghoot, and be d—4.” The sentry fired, and Mr. Grosve
nor fell, The Coroner was informed of the occurrence,
and ordered the arrest of the sentry, His name is Theo
dore N. Treat; he is a student In the Chicago University,
Sophomore Class, and claims to have acted strictly ac
cording to orders, Col. Grosvenor was a native of
Utica, N. Y.; his age was about thirty-seven. In
1857 he was admitted to the Illinois bar, and at the begin
ning of the war he joined the 13th Illinois Volunteer Cavalry
as captain. He served during the entire Rebellion with
great houor. While in action he was wounded in tbe
right shoulder, and consequently lost the use of his arm.
He left the service with the brevet rank of Brigadier
General, After the war he became the city editor of The
Chicago Evening Post, subsequenily resigning his posi
tion and accept ng the appointment of District Govern
ment Togpecsor of tobacco and cigars. He afterward
resigned t position and resumed the 3 Pracyioe of law,
and lastly was appointed City Prosecuting Attorney by
the Common Council.
Mavor {Mason has issued a Poiamution appointin
Tuesday, October 29, as a day of,fasting, humiliation ox
Prager The rumor that A. C. Badger, private banker
suspended, 18 confirmed. He claims, however, thaf
he will resume as soon as he can get matters into shape.
His books and assets were only recovered yesterday from
the vault. The reported suspension of the Zorn a
Bank is unfounded. The receipts from depositors are
larger than the calls for money.
J. H. McVicker announces that he will rebuild his
theater in a style equal to the one destroyed. The Em
ployinent Society reports that the Lor for laborers is
n excess of the supply. The demand for transpertation
to leave the city is now small,
Considerable feeling exists in regard to the conduet of
the Republic Insurance Company in resolving to pay 25
cents on the dollar and disband the Company. id is
claimed that the Company has $400,000 of capital—
$1,000,000 paid up and the rest in shares. The stockholders
propose to pay Du the cash on hand, and not collect the
notes. The policy-kolders refuse to receive 25 per cent,
and litigution is probable.
ABSTRACTS OF TITLES TO REAL ESTATE SAVED.
The Chicago Times of Thursday, after de
scribing the destruction of the records in the Court
House, and the anxiety cansed among business men in
regard to thelr titles to real estate, says:
There wae a very general relief of public anxlety at
finding that Messrs. Shortall Hoard saved all thelr
books and Papers, and Messrs, Chase Bros, Co, and
Messrs. Jones Bellers most of theirs. We have been
informed that the vaults of the latter firm were found in
a perfect condition, and that they contained their books,
doags some of their papers were destroyed in a safe,
Shortall Hoard rescued their books and papers on Bun
day night of the fire, beginning their work about 11
o'clock, aad Jaxtag ou jo last of their val
uable materials when their duliling, ut the
corner of Washington and Cl was
actually on fire, Among their papers were complete and
Perfent transfer copies of all the Abstracts ever made by
he firm—amounting to something like 100,000 Pages
which cover a very large territory and, as far as they
£0, Are yer) much ‘more valuable than indexes, as
setting forth the details ‘ofthe transfers and liens, To’
make the power of Sovestiag titles still more reliable, the
information will be received with universal L307 that Mr,
Rees had kept and has saved copies of all the maps and
plats of Chicago property up to the very Saturday be
ore the fire. result is thas there is ample material
for vesting titles and showing the condition of all prop
erty, 80 that it can be made available for borrowing pure
poses. It only remains for the Legislature to pass a
comprehensive and woll digested law as to the manner
to be done quickly.
THE FIRE RELIEF FUND.


CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CONTRIBUTIONS.
A. A. Low gg reasurer, reports the following’
wdditional subscPiptions received from p. m., Oct. 2, to
$p m., Oct 2:
k Co.
for
i
I
$8,090
a cul
LARGE COLLECTIONS IN THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCHES,
In accordance With a pastoral letter from Arolbishop
MoCloskey, collections were made at the various masses
‘and st the vosvors 1a all the Homan Catholic churches
CHICAGO.
rp
of the city, y The total amount collected 1s 8x
Rested to Ue large, Sihough Lt 10 possible to estimate
it wg following are ‘thie ables ba
1he amount at Bt. Peter's was probably abost $3,000. and as Bt.
Phisot's shout $1,000. The Charch of Ih samp, 88 Ana's, BL
Boniface’s, BL John the Evangslist's, St. Vinesut Ferrer's, St. Gabriel's,
BL Jumer's, 8. Andrews, Trasstguration, 84. Alphousas's, aad 84. Aa
Se Dookbinders of Chicago make an earnest appeal
for aid to their brethren throughout the United
Contributions may be seat to Culver, Page, Hoyne Co.,
Nos. 11, 13, and 18 Desplaivenats Chicago.
Rese AA IEEE ER EE
Rs
The American Express Co, will forward, free of ex
Pinte an de a reased to the Relief Committee,
Raginaw, an,
The Mayor Re gi of Chicago ouotulty acknowl
edge the generous services of the Western Union Tele
{raph Company and the Atlantic Cable Manager during
0 week following ihe fire,
The receipts at the office of the Staats Zeitung last week
were $7,402 10 for Chicago, and $369 90 for the sufferers
from the forest fires,
The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher stated yesterday to bis
congregation that the contributions from the church
amounted to $13,000, and that a member of the congregs
tion would go West to-day to superintend the dlsiribo.
tion of the money and supplies.
THE STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS~IMPORTANT DECI
SION OF SOLICITOR BANFIELD—IMPORTANT
CASE BEFORE THE UNITED STATES SUPREME
pay
VVUUVSA
|BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE]
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.
The Board of Supervising Inspectors of Bteamboats
yesterday, were still engaged Investigating the different
appliances for steamboats. It has some few minor in*
ventions yet to act upon, and has also to dispose of the
question of cotton transportation on steamboats, after
which it will submit its whole business to the Becretary
of the Treasury, and be ready for adjournment, The
Board has received the following letter from the Bolic
{tor of the Treasury, respecting the reinspection of ves
sels under the new Steamboat laws, and other matters,
action on which will be taken by the Board early thus
week:
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, OFFICE OF THE
SOLICITOR OF THE TREASURY,
WASHINGTON, D, C., Oct. 20, 1871,
BIR: Your letter of the 14th inst., requesting my opin
fon as to the Sbligution of steam vessels to be Xeineiadien
under the act of Feb, 28, 1871, before the expira on of
their old certificates, has been received, and, reply, I
have to say that section 1 of this act provides that no
vessel Riopsiled in whole or in part by steam shall be
navigated without SompiTing with the terms of the act.
and for each offense the owner or owners shall
forfeit to the United States the sum
of $600, The act above cited has in terms
replaced all former statutes relating to this subject. The
certificate of Jnepegtion sontemplated in the act of 1871
must be in such form as the Board of Bupervising In
spectors may prescribe. Should they prescribe a certifi
oate differing in form with the certificate required under
the acts in force prior to February 18, 1871, a steamer not
having the new certificate, but receiving Passenjere,
woud vd the penalty provided for in section 81 0 the
0
Again, the certificate provided for ia this act must
state the number of passehRess that Rly steamer (except
terry-boats) has accommod ous for,and it is made unlaw
ful to take on board greats number of passengers than
that stated in the certificate, For a violation of $s pro,
vision the owner and master becomes liable, as pro ded
in section 48. Rutjoct to theso exceptions, f am of the
opinion that a certificate of inspection, ul under
the statute in force prior to the 28th of bruary, 1871,
may be allowed to remain in force for at least ous Jest
tron the date it was issued, to the extent to wh it
meets the requirements of the present law, and of the
Board of Supervising Inspectors, This allowance is,
however, a matter of favor, which, I think, may be ex
tended under the law,
It will be found, however, by comparing the act of Feb.
94, 1871, with those in force on the subject of injunctions
prior to its passage, that the present Jaw has made a
number of important changes in the requirements calcu
lated is proy de for the better security of life; and, there
fore, w the old inspection and certificate would be
valid to the extent above indicated, it would not excuse
the want of a Souspiiance at this time with all the addi
tional requirements of the present law and of the Board of
Inspectors, this view of the question presented in
Jou letter, I would gugacet tat you cause, as rapidly as

Jaa. 23,
£5.71 58
2,444 60

26,325 28
Ea
yr SNA
wees 43000
Jaly $4,038 13
Avg 53,206 75
e conveniends of the officers will permit, a new inspec
tion to be made of all steamers subject to the provision
of this act, 1n order that the owners thereof may be cor
rectly advised of the additional requirements of the
present law. Very respectfully,
Sept, wie S034 7
Sepk Courts and Offices, Sept, 23,
CON FERRI TOR al a
SP 1e—Fumitare in Arworles sad Drill-roams, My
oct. 25—Puraitare ia County Courts and Offices, Dee. 38, Bi"
Get. Ah BAnziaLY, lieitor of Ihe TreaGary.
JosErH BELKNAP, Supervising Inspector-Gen
Washington, D. C. g g RE
An important decision will be delivered at the present
adjourned term of the U. 8, Bupreme Court. The opinion
of the court is to be announced in a case in which is in
volved the question of the constitutionality of what is
known as the Drake amendment. It will be remembered
that Senator Drake of Missouri, before taking his seat as
Chiet-Justice of the Court of Claims, drew up 8 bill pro
viding that a pardon of the President did not entitle dis
loyal persons to bring suits against the United States
"and prosecute them in the Court of Claims. This pro
vislon was inserted in the Miscellaneous Appropriation
bill, approved July 13, 1870, Beveral cases coming under
this law are pending in the U, 8. Bupreme Court, on an
ad BR ARERR 2002 11
Nov. 19~Pumitars ia County Courts and Offices, Oct 1,
pu Rl 1
Yao
Jan.
eb






appeal from the U. 8, Court of Claims, and the forthcom
ing opinion is looked for with great intercst.
ET
A MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE—$3,000 REWARD.

Jue
AM AVE AVY Aree En iyi Ye NNN iE "hee
William J. Slauson, confidential clerk of
Thomas P. Simpson, an extensive contractor om the New
Jersey Midland Railroad, was sent on Oct. 13, from
Franklin Furnace, N. J., to this city to procure $30,000 in
currency at the banking-house of Géo. Opdyke Co., at
No. 25 Nassau-st., with which to pay off laborers. The
money was paid him in currency, and putiin a small
leather bag, marked on the outside Bimpeon.” He was
to take the 4:10 train on the Morris and Essex road for
Waterloo, and thence go by the Bussex road to Franklin
Furnace. Bince he left the bank no trace of him has been
found.
June iii
Jane Aavie dnd gl
June 30—Rame, Feb. 6, 1 7 TET


Slauson waa about 28 years of age, fof good family, ex
cellent character and social standing, and believed to be
of undoubted business Integrity. He had previously oc
oupied Fo8tiona of trust, with the command of large
sums oO money, and was noted for bis accuracy and
promptness in business transactions. His books are left
now in a perfectly satisfactory condition, and le laaves
a» bank account of his own of a few thousand dollara,
Just at this time his future Prospects were unusually
bright, and only the day before ppearance he had
ops en of them to his friends with the utmost satisfac

Eu
Pee
es a

ss 0sssnrssesssssnssssssnnsse cee 6089 24
10,647 58
30,
130 5
n. His Jeospoeta of obtaining an advance of salary,
as well as capital for business purposes for the ensuing
fear, were such as would make $30,000 no temptation to

At the same time, bis family relations were of the
Rloasauioss nature, His most intimate friends do not
ubt that he has been foully dealt with, The payment
of it Tiuvieus month’s wages of the employés on the
road been made at the Shope time, and the dis
3] Jusrauce bas only delay present payment for
wo ys.

Buperintendent Kelso has offered a reward of $3,000 for

the production of Blauson, dead or alive.
CART. WALSH SILENT—WILL THE COMMISSIONERS
AC"
34
26.952 99
Now, 13,
The Police Commissioners have not yet pre
ferred charges against Capt. Walsh of the Fourteenth
Preeinct for alleged complicity with the panel-house and
gamblingsaloon keepers in his precinct. President
Bmith says that he prefers to wait and see whether Capt.
Walsh will himself demand an investigation. If he fails
to do this, the Board will, wobably, order Superintendent
Kelso to prefer ¢harges. The allegatiens of THE TRIBUNE
are 50 clear cad explicit that Capt. Walsh must disprove
them or resign the positions which ho has dlagraced. This
1s the sentiment of the great majority of the officers and
members of the police fcroe, und of all who are conver
sant with the facts of the case.
ting





Widag oud ous. Ab
June PH 1089. BHR E4VINRIERIAIII IAS
Jue Soh 3, 10RD...
BOLD ROBBERIES IN WOODBURY, CONN.
Juse 00h 35, 3000044 2000000030
Jane 0 Pitting up dew Court House, Joa. 1, 1070s
A gang of burglars, on Thursday night, stole
safe-Xey from the liouse of D. Curtis of the firm of D.
Curis Sons, ot V/eodbury, Conn., and, gong to the
store, rifled the safe, after which they burst open a safe
in the store of Walker Co., obtaining in both places
over 000 ia nited States and Westohester
Fopth gen y Prana stale of N_B. saith hey took
horse and light carriage, and left the town. Superin
tendent Kelso has detailed detectives to work up the
"~Hg7





CRIMES AND CABUALTIES-BY TELEGRAPH.
i ical Wboratory of W.J. M. Gorden
3 isa, a ae on ova oxy Loss, $30,000; Sorin
Moe. Mary Hill of Corry, Penn., accidentall
its 3 Sully, at Nagan Yi Fridey eveaing, and i
y
Rbhe master and mate of the ship White Swal
i te LA
....The ship Arcadia of Bath, Maine, 1,400 tuna,
George 8. Weeks, isslor, from Leith, bo tiand, with a cargo of coal
\rvn, and merchandise fur Ran Fravcisco. California, burasd reseatly so
the ouast of Brazil. The oficess and crew were saved.
....Alexander Montgomery and William M. Cooley,
enpio of adi stable in Norwich, Coan., had a trifling dis 2
pri Bp ed side of aa ax, Milling i aaa, The wardorer is
only 13 years oh). He gave hismscll up to the police.


7



a
ng 4 roams
WASHINGTON.
EN
THE UNTS WHICH THE RING KNEW
Acco TO BE F1 OUR.
THE AUCOUNIS Wil THE RING ENEW
TO BE FICTITIOUS,
LIST OF THE VOUCHERS fTOLEN BY TWEED'S
FRIEND HAGGERTY-~THE VOUCHERS YOR
WHICH WARRANTS WERB FORGED AMONG
THE MISSING—ALL THE EVIDENCE AGAINST
THE RING NOT TAKEN:
Immediately after the robbery of the County
Bureau of the Department of Finance, in the County
Court-House, on Sept. 10, the emyloyés were instructed
to prepare a list of the missing vouchers, with such de
tails as could be gleaned from the records retained by
the Controller, These lists were completed after some
delay, but were withheld from publication until the pres
ent date. They embrace about 48 large pages
of foolscap, and contain, smong other memoranda
the dates on which the vouchers were drawn, the names
of the persons who rendered services or materials to the
local government, the character of the materials or
services, and the totals of the vouchers. There are 3,658
vouchers missing, the totals of which represent an im
mense sum. A great number represent many small
amounte for contingent expenses, such as cleaning the
county offices aod oourt-rooms, ete. Many
also yepresens legislative, executiv®, and ju
dicial salaries, Others were for charitable
appropriations to the Btate Lunatic Asylum, Magdalen
Asylum, Nursery and Child’s Asylum, Juvenile Asylum,
Asylum for Idiots, Coroner's fees, &o. A large amouns
of fraudulent claims were undoubtedly represented by
vouchers that came under the head of adjusted
claims,” and which contained numerous souvenirs of
those industrious and modest charging tradesmen, Gar
vey, Ingersoll, and their colleagues.
Numerous items in the list represent vouchers for
expenses at Albany in relation to the Tax-Levy of 1869.”
For these “expenses” Richard B. Connolly charges
$350 63; James Watson (late County Auditor), $536, sad
another gentleman, $699 40,
Under the head of Counsel Fees and Expenses In
relation to Taxation of Banks” there are charges for
counsel, $4,328 60; for clerks, 922,50, Incinded in the
list of clerks are the names of Watson, Connty Auditor;
Joseph B. Young, Clerk of the Board of Supervisors; E.
A. Woodward, Cornelius Corson of the Bureau of Elco
tions and champion sinecurist, and others, These latter
are scattered through the list, and have appeaded to
them sums of money ranging from $560 to $2,000.
One voucher dated October 30, 1809, represents a charge
by Cummings H. Tucker as ‘Buperintendent of Con
struction of the County Court-House, for $29,427.34.
This Tucker was formerly President of the Belt Rallroad,
and waa appointed Superintendent of Construction with
a fee of 5 per cent. on the oxpeuditures,
Prof. R. Ogden Doremus is charged with $1,100, and
$1,200 for two chemical analyses.
C. Cavanagh, another of the small army of trades
men sustained by the local government, is represented
by a voucher dated Angust 4, 1869, for carpentering”
county buildings and offices Oct. 16 to 23, 1868, $5,954 2.
County Auditor James Watson figures as the recipient
of a pay-roll dated Jan. 7, 1869, for mechanies, laborers,
ete., amounting to $58,511.44. Thus the old story of robbery
and criminalgnegligence makes iteelf apparent through
out the 1long list of the stolen vouchers—not a single
indication that watchful servant his Mterfered to
frustrate the spoliation of the City treasury, Appendod
is a detailed statement of tradesmen and others who ar
more deeply interested in the abstraction of the voachers.
It will be seen that most of the suspicious bills have dis
appeared:
1t will be seen that most of the suspicious bills have dis
appeared:
1869,
Date
Jan,
Jan,
Feb.
April
Jane
June
Feb.
March
April
ay
May
May
ay
May
June
June
INGERSOLL CO.
of Amount
voucher.
11—Purnitare in Armories and Drill{rooms, Nov. 13,
JUBBrussssssssssssnssnusnnsnsssnns visssssnsess $0908
19—Rame, Dee. Dee, 3 and 22, 1368. ’e 31,501
#1—Fumiture fn Arories aad Drill
RID i; RRR
5 Yuriibare 1s A pe asd Drill rooma, Hor. mn,
ao rod Cai Ce ab
2—Furnitare in County Coarts and arch 7, il...
Oct. 18 to Nov. 23, 1863.
16—For mine, um Nov. 7 te Dec. 31, 1368
4—B8ame, Jaly 19, 1368. .....00000000ei000s
8—Same, Aug. 3,
0,2 Pursiture furnished Coty Count youus and
offices, Jon) hs resents sRsstRsIIIIS 20685 73
24—8ame, May 13 oo KEEN
For same....... Ww LEB
16—8ame, Aug. 21 i ee 29404 48
$3—8ame, Bopt. 23, 1869. .......c000vinnrnnninininns 51,43 37
28—Rame, Oct 8, 1969. ....000ieerreiirrss atasvres 251 9
28-Name, BEph. 3, M008. .0eussuseseriserersrsnss 33,031
14—Furpitare in ‘Armories and Drili-rooms, Nov. 3,
1869, not fn Mat. .......co0uvuininns trssansne. es £8,937 40
16—8ame, Sept. 11, 1869, not Jn Hat..oouovnnnnnnnns 25,608 68
7 Hurd farnished County Court-louse, Dee. I
21—Cablact wor County Court-House, Taly 23, a 70,117 58
IBS, Ok, 1 100. voy rcoesentars csranszrs 64,954 63
28--Purnitare, Count i Coit ou, Qt. 21, 1868 FURY
ov. EA sass sesssesssnssaNS seessases 39.844 19
SOD: asornesxerasvtus rst sbsts 638,213 83
3—Purnitare sod mm Comes S- a and OR
1 ces, Feb. 5, 180 ear es De £4,030 26.
0—Farnitare, clocks, r., furn n County
ings and Offices, March 23, 18M 00000 67K 10,
10—Paratare and tarsal in County Court
House, April 18,1870. ....000eniiiiininnronanns 90,29 07
20—Cabivet work in Gousty Court House, Feb. 3,
54,083 33
29,129 99
Aug 1—Furaiture 1a Court-rooms snd Ofbces, March 1325 8
TERRE RE EY
Aug 31—Pitliag a u Distici Attorney's office, Wi
Ang. Fou 3 Commissioners of rg ri po
of Taxes’ ofices...ovviiviviinnnsin oo 40,000 00
Ang. 0 ¥iouiug op Registers office. Aung. 3, 10.000 00
Oct. Fislag op Sarrogate's ofice, Sept. 3, 1870 13,000 v0
Totalievsreaensses EN $1,903,236 22
GEORGE 8, MILLER.
JSos.
11-Ropain! Armoies and Drill-rooms, Nov. 27 to
Dee. 39, 1058, 1, ves sexssssnrasuvessansansssnrene $15415 14
Jan, 19—8ame, om oo 28 to Dee. 4, 1868. we 14691 78
Feb, 27—Same, from Jao. 14 to Jan. 30, yr 2.937 51
May B—Carpenter wt York In in various Armories, from Jan. 30
ared 23, 1869. .......00 0000000000 000000000
June  T—8awe, from Ape 3 to yp 33, 1388.0.000 vevses
June 7—8ame, from pr 16. 183D...00000es
July  2—Repairs to Common Pleas to Pot 17, 1%7........
July 3-Baptiiy ns Courts and Offices, from A
July gy tw County Ofces and Coarts, No
Sept. rier oth aii )fices and Courts, from
Nov, 13, 1968, to Dee. 12, 1268...........,... i #353 23
Bept. 20—Carp Konkel d various Armories, from ow
S580 Juss O I80D,veuvrsressinsasssrs sb uceee 4,120 8
Oct. 11—Bame from May 25 to Jane 29.106)........0.... 49,763 50
Dec. 8 re Lo County Ofiees and Buildings from Oct.
to Oct. 31, 1868.......... 2esesriresninrene 23,008 4
Dec. $0—Repairs and Alterations to County Otfeos and
1870. Bulldiags, Jaly 21, 1868...........0000000000000s 27,085 04
Jan, N-Carptulerairs in Son Fa sad Offices, Ang.
1868, to to Bept. 11 CS vavssiess ents ress 20,291 44
Jan. bop 1 AN in County Baildings,
June 7, 1368 22,005 83
Jan, ‘and Alterations in County Offices, Ang. 5,
To. SE rr
March IR irs
March and Alterations in County Oftices, May
BB ores Wannas vevhssnsnsassernare anire 20,255 00
Marsh ete and carpenter work on Arweries and
lrooms, July 6 to 31 1869, 4528) 4
April Rope ed Aaatons County offices, Ang. 7,
A TEER aamm JOPPA J 15.955 6»
jo 5—B8ame, July 23,1880................ PPPS 22494 M
SmBatne, June 30, 1069, ..c0irerersrsserenrs veeees 31,418 99
rie 16~ Repairs sad alterations in a sad al
apt rooms, Aug. 3 to Ang. 13, I06W....00unresnr.. 25,039 38
I TI TT $147 88
My s—Carpeater work ia Cour oase, May 13, 1969. “Lisa
nd J2-Kame, Sept, 9, 1 3,908 13
May 91-S8ame, Dee. 15, 34.990 68
39,31 21
iis nm
3.%1 72
68)
Had»
BOTA esannnnsnsrsasossnsarsssssssncassnsnssses
June 90—Carpenter work fa Court House, Feb. 9, T370 bo 2
June i a a Tl
WE TT aad dete ig Hus
July S—8ame, Feb. 10, 1 raswesssssessemacnissnee SHIT 8D
July 8—8ame SeRessutses eR YL
July 36—depalr in armorics and drill rooms, Marsh 31, wn
CEE EEE EE EEE LE EE EE EE EEL. EEE EL A
i B-Rpainls o and dr l-rooms, lm, o
Aug. carpenter work Is
arch Mr Wy ces tenshbessatt atts. Ss06
RBs cn= 12 essa sponubeppuBtonte avteh Bob tr or
S69 ANDREW J. GARVEY.
158 Voucher, Amount charged
rans
Jan.
“WE be. in Armories, Bec. 34, 1083, "Jan.
STITT X31 nn
19 Repairs is same to Jan i899... LARA sn
o. 18—-Kepairy ln same, J bet, 2100, “n, 5
ry Ji-Hopsive ia sath, 1 1. pri? 4 0,00....... 300
May 12—Repairs to Thirty Sisty-aisth Regi
1 to Bard Fr ci We... Bn sine 5.6%
oy ro Drifl-rooms, 130
it ba irs, Sa. 3, Sh
woe 9-P i New oy Cara Nov. 1, ne
i} ty IPR RR)
we SEE Ch ig
aly  3—Plasieriag ke, In Coant
and offiecs, Ma 4 to Sept. 77, ay, Dn SOR 150 8
p——
eo Pith Page pa
THE RING ROBBERIES.
4