THE MORNI >(i STAR.
pnBI4SiUU> MY THE
FBOVIDBBCB rum COMPACT,
M Weyboeset Street. Providence, B. L
■dttortal and Printing Booms.** I >yer Street.
WEDNESDO 4 DEC. 6.1*71.
'tar Tite MUHII «W NT* St tke
ttSsuisfiSEsul UT w
TERMS:
lm the City, by Hall to nay
Three Moatlie $O TA
£%y. <\-u»
Morning Stsr.
Tim Morning Stab, containing all the
het**, can be obtained of the newsboys on
the mornin* trains.
|3T The Ashing schooner, E. A. Horton;
recently seized by her .owners from the Ca
nadian authorities, and afterwards seized by
the collector of customs at Gloucester,Mass.,
will have new papers by the authority of
the Secretary of the Treasury. A frill in
vestigation, it is said, showed that there
no reason for depriving the owners of
U«n.
S4T The Bible war in the schools at Hun
ter’s Point, Long Island City continues
without mucli prospect for immediate set
tlement. The police are still in attendance,
and their services are required nearly every
day. The Catholic pastors, however, are
looking with disfavor upon the distur
bances, and on Sunday last Father Crim
mi ns counseled his congregation not to in
terfere, and in the hope that an amicable
adjustment of the difficulty may
Bev. Dr. McGlynn, who lectured in Provi
denoe last Sunday, will deliver an address
of counsel to the Catholics on Sunday, the
17th Inst.
IT P. T, Barnum, tjie great showman,
is also an earnest advocate of temperance,
but it appears from a recent letter to the
Bridgeport (Conn.) Standard that he does
not believe in making the question
hibition as a basis for the formation of a po
litical party. He regards it as a movement
very likely to result in setting back the tem
perance reform ten years, at the very least.
He further says to bls co-workers in the
cause —“let us continue most faithfully to
enlighten public opinion in regard to the
gia’ht-curse of the country; but do not let
us cut our throats by attempting a political
side issue at this time.”
yr* A newspppsr of Scranton, Pa., refer
ring to the sinking of the ground over the
worked-out mines at Hyde Park recently,
says: “There appears to be a regularly
organized mining company whose business
it is to work the props left standing for sup
port in the old mines and bring them to the
surface to sell as coal. This company have
already removed the supports from a num
ber of old mines, over which the surface has
repeatedly given in; but nothing Is heard of
such accidents, because the surface ground
happened to be unimproved. The company
referred to are now at work under towns
and cities, with a likelihood of speedily en
gulfing those living over the scene of their
labors.”
rf There is growth In the East as well
as in the West, and there are other cities of
factories besides those of New England so
well known. Situated.at the confluence of
the Hudson and Mohawk riven, in New
York State, it the city of Oohoes, with its
population of 16,000 Inhabitants, which ten
yean ago was a killage of no very great
promise. Its commercial interests are prin
cipally In manufacturing. There are at
present In flourishing condition, six exten
sive cotton mills, running 208,000 spindles;
eighteen large knitting mills, two foundries,
three machine shops, a rolling mill, two axe
factories, a planing mill, a sawing and
beveling establishment,and numerous other
concerns. The aggregate capital invested
is estimated at $20,000.000. This fair show
ing in ten years, is the result of a public
spirit and enterprise, that has attracted ths
settlement of capitalists of like spirit.
(“Morning Star! Price Ono Cent! 4
For two years have the above words been
familiar to our city readers as the newsboy’s
cry, and no less familiar to our country
readers has been the fact thus proclaimed.
To-day Thb Morning Star enters upon
the third year of existence as a low priced
newspaper for the people ot this city and
State, and as a success. Especially during
the past year, has the paper mot with en
couragement in increase of circulation and
advertising patronage. The news publish-
ed, both telegraphic and local has appeared
as promptly as in the columns of the larger
papers and often in advance; though of no
aessity, oonlned principally to facts. Ap
preciated by the masses as a newspaper, the
business men of the community appreciate
The Star as a medium whereby the atten
-tieaof the masses will be called to them.
By rail, by stage, and by private convoy*
nnoe does Tan Morning Star find its way
dally tb homes and places of business, in all
parts of the State, and upon this, Its birth
day anniversary, the publishers cannot but
congratulate themselvee upon the fact, that
fee friends of the paper are still increasing
In numbers, and that In every particular,
the paper enters upon a New Year, under
I moot auspicious circumstances.
LtMML NiWtJ.
TOWh tALK*
—Central Station record—eight prisoners
and fifteen lodgers.
—That would-be highway robber should be
made an example of if he can be canght.
—Officer James W. Munroe has been engaged
to preserve order at tbe new Opera House.
—The teachers and scholars resumed work
again Monday, after their week’s vacation.
—Messrs. Tillingb at A Mason havo re
ceived Frank Leslie’s Pleasant Hours for
February.
—By tbe burning of a flour mill at Yarmouth,
Me., the Merchants Insurance Company of this
city loses s3*oo.
—ln four and a quarter minutes, according
to two timers, the new Opera House was
emptied of its vast audience Monday evening.
—The semi-annual session of the Grand Tem
ple of the Temple of Honor, will be held at
Woonsocket, Thursday, Deo. 7th, at 10 o’clock.
—Lester Wallack’s line comedy “Tbe Ro
manoeof a Poor Young Man,” will be brought
out by Manager Henderson next Monday eve
ning. x
—The water has undermined the newly laid
soil in the trenches over the water pipes, and
bad holes are made by its settling in many
places.
—Refreshments were furnished to the police
at the Central Station last night, by tbe United
Train of Artillery and Messrs. Hopkins A
Sears of the Central Hotel.
—Our announcement Monday, quoted from
the Boston 'traveller, was incorrect in stating
that the Providence Washington Insurance
Company is In the hands of a receiver.
—ln testing tbe hydrant on Exchange Place
on Monday, by coupling on a hundred feet of
hose, the pressure burst the copper chamber,
and many of tbe spectators received a good
wetting.
—The Government appropriations for tbe
next fiscal year, include items of $lOO,OOO to be
expended at Fort Adams, Newport; Dump
ling’s battery, $50,000; and $50,000 for the fort
on Dutch Island.
—The forty gas brackets around the dross
circle of the new Opera House were nickel
plated at tbe Providence Nickel Plating Works,
127 Eddy street, and are worthy of the reputa
tion of that institution.
—The Kearney Cadets and Wolfe Tone Guards
will participate In the proposed Union bail, an
nounced to take place In this city some time in
January, and they will doubtless add much to
the pleasure of the occasion.
—Mr. A. H. Jacobs has purchased tbe news
stand at the City Hotel, recently übder the
management of Messrs. Tillinghast A Mason.
Mr. Jacobs will have all the dally and weekly
city papers, together with a good supply ol
other literature.
—Mrs. Elizabeth Rafferty, roar 35 East street,
was run afrainst by a boy on Wlokenden street,
Monday afternoon. So violent was the shock
thnt tbe woman was thrown down and her hip
dislocated. She was carried home and attend
ed by Dr. Sweet.
—Tickets sold well Monday for the grand
concerts by Theodore Thomas’s splendid or
chestra to be given on Monday and Tuesday eve
nings next, in Music Hall. Mr. Kelly’s ex
penses wl.l be enormous, and we hope our citi
zens will respond liberally.
—This evening tbe attractions of the “Color
Guard” will be presented to Ballou Post of
Central Falls, Babbitt Post of Bristol, and nu-
merous G. A. R. members from Natick and vi
cinity, as well as to our own citizens still en
thusiastic In patriotic efforts.
—Mr. George Coles, living at 76 Pearl street,
was taken with a fit on South Main street, Mon
day morning. He was carried into Mr. Paige’s
store, and afterwards in a hack to the Central
Station, where Dr. Palmer attended him. He
shortly recovered and was conveyed to bls
home.
—The horse of Dr. Collins slipped and foil on
Exchange street yesterday afternoon. By the
assistance of officer Winship the animal was
detsobed from the buggy, restored to his per
pendicular and rebarnessed so promptly that
the Doctor’s patients suffered nothing from the
delay.
—A stray team was found on South Main
street, last evening, by officer Church, and re
stored to the owner, Wm. Granger. Another
equine wanderer, with his wagon encumbrance,
was found on Union street by George Jenokee,
and was put up by Officer Smith at Wheeler A
Tallman’s stable.
—Mr. Carter Is determined to offer an abun
dance of attraction at hie Saturday afternoon
organ concerts, and the low prices ought to se
cure immense audiences. Next Saturday af
ternoon, the favorite vocalist, Miss Addle Ryan,
will appear here for the first time since her re
turn from Europe.
—The Norwich J/ulMin says that the special
train which will draw the imperial anatomy
(Prince Alexis) over the Shore Line road, next
Thursday, will consist of a baggage car, two
passenger oars, and a Wagner drawing room
oar. Mo doubt our depot will be crowded to
see the Russian youth.
—A lad named James Anthony, narrowly es
caped serious injury while at work at Hill’s
machine shop, Monday. His right hand was
caught In the gearing of a machine which ho
was tending and his clothing tom Into shreds
from his arm. The giving way of the doth was
all that saved him from a broken arm.
—The public are generally Invited to the
opening of the Young Men’s Beading Room,
connected with St. Gabriel’s, comer Smith and
Carroll streets, this evening, at half-past
seven. Addresses may bo expected from
Bishop Clark, Judge Bradley, Hon. Thoo. Da
vis, Hon. Goo. L. Corliss, Hon. Hiram Aylee
wortb, interspersed with music from the Provi
dence Glee Club.
—A driver of a wagon belonging to.C. F.
Gorham Joaded with pails, A0.,Ml from his seat
while orooaing the Great Bridge, about 1 o’clock
yesterday afternoon, and narrowly ssoapsd
being run over. Ho wae seated on a cushion
resting on a pile of tubs and pails, which
formed a rather Insecure fouadatioa. As ha
foil he rolled over in so lively a manner to avoid
tbe wheel, a* to excite tbe mirth of spectators.
—At half-past two yesterday morning private
watchman David Hill discovered that an inch
and a half supply pipe, connected with the
large water tank in the upper story of Parson’s
Block, on Canal street, had burst, and consid
erable damage was caused by the water flood
ing the north side of the block before it could
be stopped. The goods of B. A. Whitcomb’s
wholesale bat, cap and famishing goods estab
lishment were damaged to tbe amount of $l,OOO.
P. A. Munroe A Co.’s grocery store, and A. B.
Horton’s eating saloon were also damaged, but
not to a great extent. The early discovery of
the mishap was fortunate, in the prevention of
much greater damage.
A LOCOMOTIVE IN COLLISION WITH A
Bridge.—Last evening, tbe locomotive “Graf
ton” of tbe Providence and Worcester Bail
road ran off tbe track, and came into collision
with Smith street bridge, knocking from under
it four of the iron pillars, and considerably
damaging the engine. The engineer and fire
man escaped uninjured.
CARTER’S ORGAN CONCERTS—MI** ADDIE
Btan.—We hope this lady will be greeted
with a large audience on Saturday. She
will sing the Page’s Song from Meyerbeer’s
Huguenots, a selection from Handel’s Oratorio
of Samson, and “Three Fishers,” by Hullah.
Mr. Carter will play variations on the Russian
National Hymn, a Romance by Beethoven, and,
by request,. Traumerel, Spring Song and tbe
Overture by Egmont. Tickets at usual rates
at Corys’, until Thursday evening, after which
time the price will be raised a trifls. We are
pleased to hear that the glare of the afternoon
sun m the eyes of the audience will not be al
lowed any longer to mar the pleasure of these
enjoyable Saturday concerts. The chorus to
rehearse for Mr. Carter’s concert on the 23d
will meet to-morrow evening at the Beneficent
Church, Broad street.
Saint John’s Com mandeb y.—The 69th
Annual Assembly of St. John’s Commandery
No. 1, was held at their rooms Monday even
ing. The following officers were elected:
E. C.—Rev. Sir Henry W. Rugg.
G.—Sir Albert H. Cushman.
C. G.—Sir Robert E. Dweller.
Prelate—Sir Thomas A- Doyle.
S. W.—Sir William Jackson.
J. W.—Sir John W. Tillinghast.
T. Sir Allred W. Fiske.
R. Sir Eugene Higgins.
S. B.—Sir George J. Hazard.
8. T. B.—Sir John W. Grosr.
W.-Sir William E Husband.
Guards—Sirs Andrew H. Covill, Frank Hol
den, Harrison Hyer.
Musical Director—Sir Wm. R. Greene.
Armorer and Sentinel—Sir Richard Chad
wick.
The officers were Installed by G. C. Sir Nich
olas Van Slyck, assisted by Sirs D.P. G.C-
Horace Daniels; G.S.W. James H. Arming,
on; G. W., 8. W. Razee.
Hop Beer Once More Free to All.—
This beverage, which is said to be mild, pleas
ant, harmless and not intoxicating, which by
order of the North Providence Town Council
was prohibited from being sold, as well as all
other ales, wherever made, a short time ago,and
on Friday, the 24ih, a case was tried in the Court
of Magistrates, where it stood the test of law and
science and was pronounced by throe Judges not
intoxicating. The only beer In the State ex
empt by law. Tbe hop beer referred to, and
which was found to contain too large a percent,
of alcohol to be termed harmless, was not
the beer which is manufactured by Mr, John
Bllgh, but was procured from other parties.
Mr. Bllgh told the Council that they might get
aamples of his hop beer from where they pleas
ed, and havo it analyzed, that he would pay
for analyzing, which he has done in order to
test the matter Justly; but to get honorable
disinterested men to procure them. Tbe Chief
of Police, M. M. Cowan, Esq., and Ser
geant Smith falthfally performed their
duties to the town as good officers, procured
samples, trying to prohibit its sale, taking said
samples to honorable chemists, Messrs. Apple
ton and Vanghan, of Providence, and brought
this test case before the Court of Magtstratesln
this place.
There was considerable interest manifested
in the case, the court room being crowded.
After able discussion and arguments on both
sidos, it was decided that the “hop beer” made
and sold by Mr. John BUgh of Providence, was
what he represented it to be—not intoxicating—
consequently can be sold all over the State free
as the law Is the same in all parts of it.
dl 6iP&«
Union Bbvival Meetings.—The Bev. Mr.
Hammond preached last evening in the Rich
mo d Street Free Church, to a deeply inter
ested audience, from the text "Mighty to Save.”
Mr. Hammond preaches to-night in Boger Wil
liams Baptist Church, and it was announced
last evening that Rev. Mr. Hammond will
preach next Sunday evening in the New Opera
Hottie on Dorrance street.
Meeting or tbe BnnrA of Trade.
A regular meeting of the Board of Trade was
held at noon yesterday, at the rooms of the
Board on Weybosset street, with a very small
attendance of members.
The meeting was called to order by the Pres
ident, Mr, Henry Lippltt, and the proceed Ings
of the last meeting were read by the Secretary
and received.
Lyaander Flagg and Philip Carr wore elect
ed members of the Board.
A communication from Reuben A. Guild,
Esq Secretary of a meeting composed of the
committees from various societies having in
view the formation of a Free Public Library,
was received.
The communication contained a copy of a
resolution adopted at the meeting, inviting the
Board of Trade to eleot a committee of five to
cooperate with them in the furtherance of that
motion, it was voted to appoint auoh a
committee, and the following gentlemen, nom
inated by the Chair, were unanimoualy elected,
via: Hua.' James T. Smith, William Blaney.
John Kendrick, Albert 8. Gallup and William
Whitaker.
Tbe President made brief restarts upon the
Importance of tbe object which It was sought to
accomplish. Fowolttooof the else of Provi
dence but have some mere adequate provision
for tbe free circulation of books,
No farther business appearing tbe Board ad
journed.
BOSTONIAN'S Opinion of m Provi
des ON Opera HouSB.-Bosm of tbs Boston
paper* considered tbs opening of our new
Opera House of sufficient importance to send
their dramatic critics here Monday evening, and
one of them, Mr. Clapp of the Jdverftser, sent
upwards of a column by telegraph, which ap*
peered in yesterday's paper. He pays a very
high compliment to the elegant appearance of
the bouse, and to the character of the audience
aasemblod. We make the following extract:
Providence, B. I. Dec. 4—The new Provi
dence Opera House was opened to the public
for the first time this evening, in the presence of
a throng which crowded the auditorium to its
utmost capsclty. So far as the building, the
stage, the scenery and the audience were con
cerned, the occasion Was highly successful.
The scene, indeed, before the riang of the cur
tain. which, by the way is not gfWn but crim
son, was exceedingly-brilliant. The theatre
has been described with much elaboration in
the AdwrtUer and Trantcript, but do description
of language can convey an adequate idea of.
its surpassing cheerfulness, lightness and
beauty, It is such a theatre in its atmosphere
and reeling as some of the latest bijou
houses in London are said to be. Its predomi
nant colors are gold and white, relieved bere
and there by a delicate pink in the walls, and a
pure cherry red in the hangings of the prosce
nium boxes. These fresh tints cheer and stim
ulate the eyes without wearying or dazzllug
them, and their brilliancy, if I may judge by the
spectacle at the opening, io reflected in the
faces of the listeners. No expense has been
spared upon any portion of the theatre, and
the utmost pains have been taken to secure the
comfort of the patrons. Thus the orchestra is
elegantly carpeted, the seats are as easy as
drawing-room chairs, and are so distant from
each other that the ances of the tallest man
will not be brused or his feet cramp
ed even at the end of a five-act play,
and—what is of more importance than
any or all of these good things as Bostonians
know to their c st—the ventilation of the place
seems io be perfect. The house to-night could
not have numbered less than eighteen hundred
or perhaps two thousand persons, and the at
mosphere at eleven o'clock was not intoleraUy
warm and was in no way offensive to the lungs
or the senses. The shape of the auditorium,
also,if I may Judge from so brief an experience,
Is very favorable to the ease and comfort of the
auditors. The great proportionate breadth of
the room, as compared with the depth, results
in a house which has almost no .bad seats, and
the enterprising few who are first applicants for
places can in no conceivable way secure the en
tire cream of the sitting') and leave the skim
milk to the hundreds who follow them; at least
two-thirds or perhaps three-quarters of the
places on the lower floor must be good seats.
BEFORE THE CURTAIN—A BRILLIANT COMPANY.
The audience at this first performance In the
opera house was well worthy the study of the
stranger. The proscenium and opera boxes,
the orchestra, parquet and dross circle were
occupied by a company representing the high
est culture and refinement of one of the most
cultivated of New Kngiand cites. Elegant
toilettes abounded, but far more beautiful and
significant than these were the hundreds of
fine, intelligent countenances. Of beauty it
need hardly be said there was no lack. Provi
dence has long been celebrated for the loveli
ness of its ladies, and it needed but a few
glances at the proscenium to-night, or, indeed,
at any part ot the house, to see how well
this reputation was deserved. Bright,
pretty and pleasing faces were to be
counted by the score, and not a
few were conspicuous for remarkable beauty
and sweetness. On the ether band (or rather
on the upper hand), the family circle was
crammed with a mob of gamint recruited in
about equal numbers from the mills and the
streets of Providence, many In bate and not a
lbw in shirt-sleeves, who might take some les
sons. from the gallery gods at the Howard.
They were not positively offensive during any
portion of the exercises, and are to be com
mended for their forbearance during the speech
making, but cat-calls and hoots were not un
frequent, and during the last two intermissions
between the acts they amused themselves with
drumming a tremendous accompaniment to the
orchestra upon the tin sheeting which protects
the wire of the gallery.
Wb learn with pleasure that Protestor Clarke of
Brown University, assisted by other practical
gentlemen, will give a course o< instruction in Me
chanical, Architectural and Free-hand Drawing, at
Warner’s Bryant A Stratton Business College, 104
Westminster street. Ihe course wlll continue ten
weeks, commencing Wednesday evening, Decem
ber 6th. Mr. George W. Cady, Architect, will,on
the same evening, give his special attention to
those who may desire Instruction in Geometrical
Handrail Draw leg. (stair building.) MWB
Olbar the Track—thb Grand Duke is
Coming to PROViDENCB.-The subscriber wishes
to Inform the publ c that he has Just received and
has tor sale, at lowest market price, some of the
choicest brands of very fine old Kentucky Whis
key, Ramsey’s 8 otch Malt (seven years old),
Guinness's Dublin Porter In wood and bottle, Bass’s
Pale Ales. Champagnes, Wines, Ports and Sberrys
of the finest quality. All persons who wish to find
a pure and genuine article will find It by calling
at Thomas Rllgh’s No. W .-‘outh-Maln street. Provi
dence. N. 8.-Thomas Bligh Is manufacturer of
the celebrated Peruvian Stomach Bitters, A
large supply constanilV oh hand. Tgy them.
school mistress was recently brought be
fore a police magistrate in Londoe, charged
with biting one of her pupils. Upon being
asked what she had to say in defence, she said
it was quite true that she had bitten him, bat
be had first bitten another scholar younger
than himself, and acting on the old principle of
“an eye for an eve and a tooth for a tooth,” she
bad thought it only right and proper todnflict
the same torture uoon him which he bad in
flicted npou his coffipanion. The magistrate,
instead of biting the school mistress, fined her
forty shillings and costs,
The tradition in regard to Mrs. Leary’s cow
seems likely to have a new lease of life, and
the traffic in that interesting animal at the va
rious places where she is on sale or exhibition
is reported brisk, with an upward tendency.
.The testimony elicited at the examination now
being made into the cause of the conflagration
tends to fasten it on tnat disreputable bovine.
It is true that Mrs. Leary herself, and family,
were all asleep when the fire broke out, but a
Krty of her neighbors went from a drunken
nt in an adjoining bouse into her barn to
milk the cow, with a view to making some
oyster sonp.
Brr ART HATS OF POTASH A REMEDY FOR
Smallpox.— lt ought to bo generally known
that the pure bitartrate of potash, cream of tar
tar, la an infallible antidote to the variolous fe
ver. The discovery ot this important
iact was first made about thirty years
age by the late Mr. T. Rose, of Dork
ing, who, in a petition presented to
the Douse of Commons in March, 1866, stated
that he bad successfully tested the efficacy of
the remedy in more than three thoussnd cases
of small-pox. With this simple medicinal agent,
in combination with rhubarb as an adjunct, and
a refrigerant made of treatment. Mr. Rose
achieved such a triumph over this hitherto fatal
lisease, as to reduce the death rate to a single
exceptional case.
Dog Loots
A Boeteh Terrier; had on a O"U»r marked with
the owier’i name. If. A. Morgan. The finder will
neetveffia reliable reward, by returning to the
own* re, at NS newer street. MPA**
TTTAWTv her for fl down-town
W mdkelng rente, Afofr tmmedlate y
PBOVIDBMK OPISA HOUSE
Lessee and Manager
EVEWUVW. December
IS7S. Mrs. Anna Cora Mowatfs American
Comedy of
FAJSHipNr
THUUSDAT AXD V MID<T.
XuONDON ASS'URAJN'CJD.
Doors epee at 7 o ’rloek, Overture it 7:45 precisely.
Paicna or aDMissiON-Parquet, Secured.*! 00;
Dree. Circle. Secured. 75 Mata: bmerai Admie
family Circle, Secured, 50 cent*;
Cl**te. Ad nils* lon, M cents.
Matinees every naturday afternoon at a o’clock.
Prices S 5 and Me nu.
Seats seeurucstx days in advance.
Harrington’s Opera House*
ONE WEEK.
Commencing Monday, Dee. 4th, 1871.
THE NEW .MILITARYj ALLEGORY,
THE COLOH GUARD,
WHI be produced by
PRESCOTT POST NO. 1, G. A. R.
Assisted by a large number of young ladtaa of
tbia city. This piece ia prunounod by the press of
other cities fUly equal In Intereat and in many
points superior to the famonr
DBDHMEB B»»I ot? SHILOH,
MUSIC BY
BROWN .REEVES’S ORCHESTRA,
And a portion ot 'he
AMERICAN BIND.
onga by a GLUT CLUB of twenty-five male voices
Prices aa usual. Breerved seats at Cory’s, com
mencing Nov. 29tb. Curtain will rise M before 8
o’clock- Horae cara will be in aftendanc* at the
end of the performance. n 27 PA*lw
MUSIC HALL.
Theodore Thomas’
Unequalled Concert Organization
60 DISTINGUISHED PERFORMERS
Pronounced by the entire pre,a the largest and
most perfect concert troupe which ha, ever under
taken a tour, either in this country or in Europe,
are under an engagement to Mr. E. A. Kelly, for
TWO GRAND CONCERTS
Monday Tuesday Evenings*
December II and 12*
Which, owing to their numerous engagements, win
necessarily be the
Only Concerts of the Season.
The following celebrated Bolobts will appear for
MIS 3 MARIE KBEBB. the young and brilliant
Pianist,
HERB LOUIS SCHREIBER, Cornet a Platon.
SIGNOR LUIGI ROCCO, Harpist.
Together with the
UNRIVALLED ORCHESTRA OF 54
PERFORMERS.
Price of admission, one DOLLAR: reserved
seats Me extra. The «a e of r» rerved seats will
commence at Cory Bros Music Store on Monday,
Dec. 4th. at 8 o’clock, where the programmes of the
concert can also be had.
D<»''re open at 7, commence at 8. The doors Will
be closed during the performance of each piece.
n 95
The Providence Favorite,
MIBS AD°IE RYAN,
Qj Boston, Just returned from Europe, will sing at
next
ORGAN CONCERT
ON SATURDAY AFTBRNOON.
MTJBIn HALL,
Tickets, If bought before Thv.rsdaj evening, at
Cory’s2s cents; fon Friday or Saturday,» cents
The Concert will Commence at Three
d4St
fTVHE first rehearsal of the Chorus for the Christ
-1 mas Fetlval Organ Concert will take place in
the Beneficent Church, on THURSDAY EVENING
at 7:80 A general invitation is extended to the
members of mualcs' organisations in Providence,
whose names have btun overlooked In the invita
tions. Singers having copies of the Messiah will
do well to bring them.
d 4 2tPfi*
SOCIAL TEA PARTY.
THK LADIBS OF THE
Greeawieh St. Free Bap Mat Church
and SOCIETY, Rev. J. Mariner, pastor, will hold
a OOIAL TEA PARTY a>. th'lr ehurcb, corner
of Greenwich ani West Friendship streets, on
Wednesday Evening, Deo. 6,
the proceed* of which a*e *or thi purpose of pay
ing 'he current expense* of the society.
the exercise* will be varied by Singing and Se
lect Be»<lings.
Church open at 6 o’clock.
▲drul* ion free.
Served on the European plan.
FAIR AND FE TIVAL.
The Ladlaa’ AM Society Will bold a Fair and Faa
tlval at the
<A*mFwass?3|»-
NOONS and IVEN 1 NOS. Decemoer 6th and 7th
Parker Supner. oysters, etc., NUI he*?l OT,^o d
Admission 14ctuta.
Ke-open «sonir.Wn.B.«reeis
Dsnolng Cis«sss
In North American Han. 48 Wer bosset street. Tor
Juvenile* on SA ÜBDhi AF»n NOON, Dec. M;
For Adults, on IURRDAY, ih-e. 6—afternoon for
FiVtt'WM L
CUNDERANGO.
Cancer, Sen. thia. Salt Rheum, Rheumatism, and
all bl'-od diseases. treated with this treat South
American al’erstiye. T.». GIBRS. M.D., Ml West
mlmtar streeu OMoe hours. lio asn.it"*
p.m. Wednesdays and Saturdays I to 9p.
MosMenoe.M Harrison street. FA*ly*oa
CRANSTON SAVINGS BANK.
Deposits made an or befcre December 18, draw in
taroctfrMiDßCßnßßßVndT. nMlmF«»ie
—OF—
—ON—
tbe first time:
—IN TH>—
HENRY CARTER.
P**yte
PA*ltl-d6