CITY POLITICS.;
tepnMtean Ratifiratioa M elius nt Coo ff
lustitote La*i \i?M.
Letters from Senators Conkling
and Fenton.
Speeches by Horace Greeley, Edward* Pierre*
pout, William M. Evarta, General
Bbarpe and Other*.
Fierce Denunciation of the
Tain many Leaders.
Notwithstanding tbe inclement state of the
weather Were was a large crowd of republicans at
the Cooper Institute ratification meeting last night.
The rain <lown ln torrents about eight
o'clock, and |be Sleii Sffipie-S* tG 'Toiuiate" the
?HjrocielEs in tne open plaza bad a very aorry and a
very lonely work of it. But few patriots had tne
courage to remain for any length of time in the
satue place to witness
THE BLUE L10I1T EXPLOSIONS
tn mid-a r, and even the band, that stationed itself
under tbe protecting angis of the big stoop fronting
on Astor piuoe, had to give way before the storm
and find a more congenial climate below stairs.
However, by naif-past seven o'clock the large
hall was well crowded. The gathering
was not what was expected, lor althougu
nil the seats in the main body of the ball
were occupied, there were many vacant Beats
to the left aud right of the stage and ample stand
ing room on all sides round abont the outside row
or chairs. Still the gathering was a large one for
each a night, and what probably was better than a
crusn or all sorts of people, was that the men who
oompo?ed it were of the solid, respectable order
men wno looked as though they paid taxes and had
more than a professional politician's interest ln the
otscnsslons or the poetical situation which took
place.
The walls in the rear of the platlorm were gayly
bedecked with flags and bunting, and on both sides
of the stage a small portrait of "Franz Slgel, our
choice for Register," was plastered against the
nags. There was
VERY I, ITT IE ENTHUSIASM
during the meeting, the chier excitement of the
evening occurring when Greeley came upon the
platlorm. He was obeered over and over again.
During Mr. Kvarts' speecn, when he declared
tbe people would put down the Ring corrup
Uontsts by "bloody means" if they conld not do
ao by peaceable measures, and when he threatened
tbat if there wa? at the ensuing election a miscount
of votes there would follow a fair count of bay onets
there was tremendous cheering. The quartet of
tbe glee cluo, who sang about "There's Mutiny in
tbe Army," created a great deal of laughter.
The meeting was opened by Mr. Townsend nomi
nating Horace ureeley as chairman. Mr. Greeley
made a short address, alter which John H. White
read the following resolutions:?
The republican electors of the city of New Vork, in tnnss
nesting assembled, to tbelr colaborer* throughout tlie Stale
?end greeting
Resolved, F of Thst we cordially approve of the plat
form adopted ami resc luttons paired bv the I n ion Repnbll
?an Convention held at Syracuse on the :7ih dav ol Septem
ber, 1871, and we recognize in the vital truth* therein rmi;i
elated th- only .true basis for an economical, prosperous aud
eniornii: Sta'.c jjovernment.
Ku-nn:'?' That we recognise In our candidate* for State of
tlcers- Scriimer, Ilopktn*, Raines, Barlow, Taylor, Bark ey
and Kirkpairick? uien of Integrity and ability, who*e
escutcheon*, personal, social and political, arc wltnont spot
et blemish each aud all emiuentlv qualltlcd to discharge
wnb teal and lideluy the Important trusts soon, by tbe ver
dict of Uie people, to be committed to them and ui the Hid
but id that their election will be of signal betieUl to the urc*t
Interests of our beloved Slate, and will Ktay tbe eitravii.
gance and profligacy which now distinguish It, we hereby
pledge Oiir?elve" to use every honorable cd'ort to Mcttre tnelr
trmuiiihant elecllou.
Vhi.it That the "Ring democracy or this city has been
tested unit found to be made wholly of bra** and base metal
an i,;noble counterfeit of the vuest Kurt. In "way* taut arc
dark" it bM uo peer ereeyth.n* it touches ft uolrates. is
record la one of peculation and dishonor. It has Impost' I
upou mi mormons t m-n, ostensibly for the maintenance and
support ol ihe civic javernment, hut In return tliere
foi 11 ban given ua the worst governed city in t lie
world. It has fronted a multitude of suiecure offices,
euuowed with iarjp' salaries, la orier th.it its unscrii
Sitious and favored part nin ml'l t fatten upon and
h:h IVotii the publln treasury. It has countenanced
ami abetted wholesale I lauds upon the elective iranohlso,
and screene I and protected the violators Ibeieof from arrant
and mUhiuent. It has attempted to corrupt tbe Judiciary
aud !??i' the mora! integrity of the people. In a word. It ins i
proved recreant to every trust confided to it, nn 1 ought to lie,
%ii i must be, buried from power and consigner to an oblivion
infinity and dishonor. I
fVai.tA That ivn have abiding f.iith In the wisdom, firm
teas mid patriotism of Fresideut Grant and Ills true and
trusted counsellors and we po!nt wltii just pride to the eon
Hew* which his administration has inspired, both at borne
>11. abrovl, Mild to the fact that by Its prudent and econoinl
rat management ottr national faith and credit have been
preserved unimpaired, our pub le debt greatly re luce the I
?teasing* of a lasting rp?'5e have been assured, and the
whole land lias been made prosperous and happy.
PijUi That ilia perpetuity of our form of government
rest! upon the purity ol the elective franchise, and we brand j
llione wli'i would sitily it by fraud as uncmics aud traitors to
tbe land, and more dangerous and more to be detested than
slie meanest footpad that infests the purlieus of our city.
.x nl,? All hail the voice of the people as proclaimed In Ibe 1
recent Htate eieetlotis The go'deti i;ate? of the Pacific ecjio I
back the victorious shouts of tha line tree State, i'ennsyl
va..ia, Ohio and Iowa have thundered forth their verdicts,
all 1 are sure harbingers of victory in 1872. The Ktnplre
Stall', now held in thralilom solely liy gigantic fraud* perpe
trated upon the hallot-boi. must nnd shall be redeemed, and
the faithless and unworthy servants who now role its desti
nies must lie hurled from place ami power, and consigned to
the peaceful shades ol private Hie.
l.BPrKRS KKOM PBN4TOR* CONKl.INO AND KENTON.
Mr. Cuahi.kh H. jspencih then read the following
let tern:?
Utioa. Oct. 1\ 1871.
OHNTI.F.MH*- To speak to the honest, courageous citizens 1
of New York, who nelieve, as i do, in tba unity an l destiny
of the republican parly, would he a privilege and an honor
wliieh I reluctantly forego. On the evening for which your
reinitiation meeting Is proposed I am, however, to speak in
another eltv, whore HO toeh array of orators will lie
as will ualher at Cooper Institute, Assurances come
to tne tn. it the republicans ol New York are to
b'iry in oblivion dUtetences which hare occuptcd them
too long, and which, bringing peril to our cause, are
treason in the emergency before ua. The meeting will,
It Is said, be a reunion of all republicans who set principle J
and pure government above personal feeiiifgs and hold the
advancement ol the party, in Its career of tire. uiness, para
in. nit to ihe exaltation or the overthrow of Individual m> tu
bers. Kesi assured that no one more than myself can rejoice
In a consummation so wise, so patriotic and so plainly right.
Fine the hour nl Its formation 1 have ever labored in the
rep uiil lean party, ne.er doubting the n?hls of humanity, and,
therefore, never doubling the usefulness or tbe sue- I
ress of the party which uphold them. Mistaken
in sum* instances II may ha\e been, wronged
uimetmii s by ihose II iruslrd It has been; but Us glory J
stid its promise are Immutable in the fact that It has
proved ei|lial lo the eilgemties It has been required to con
front. .lust now a new duly Is laid upon it. It It summoi.e I
to a great work of reform j lion in our own State; it Is called
upon to eradicate the most hideous ami terriyiiig conspiracy j
ol plunderers and social destroyers of which we liavo any
knowledge. For such a party, at such a juncture, signalled
lo go forwar I by an ennobling past and beckoned by an Im
perilled future, to be baffled or detained by trivial bickerings, j
Is to arrest the uplifted arm of public justice and to cover the I
enemies ol soeMty with a shield. Rather let repunli- j
nans not only, but republicans and democrats in
the city of New York, unite In sinking minor
contentions and ir electing honest men of both i
parties lo public trust. Such a unity will bo prolific of far-
re iclilng good. It will call back to the duties of cltlienshio
thousand* who seem almost to have lorgotlen their stake in
K<ivernment and tltelr obligations to it. Many discerning
persons, alter looking for ;.e?rs at out great city, seeiug mob 1
Unities ot lis bc*t men, with laces habitually averted from
public affairs, pass by on the Other side and abandon politics
10 others, have adopted t lie despairing theory that an urban I
fiopulatiou is unstated lo the maintenance of repnbiicas j
nstltulious. This is the time to Ulspel this fatal
apprehension. The gibbet on which official sin is
sow to forfeit its eminence will do only a brlaf
and vengeful office uuulsss It awakens the consciences
oi those whose neplect leli the door unguarded while thieves
and vainpi.es entered m. If tbe netter elements of New
York can be combined and stirred to activity the election
and the enlist Of vote> will nut be such mockeries as In pre
?edirn, yours. In Ihe settle) presence of ihe Intelligence an I
uprightness o, .'i million people the manipulators dare not ,iu
ss tli'e* nn v mm before. The assurance of a fair election
ill the Oieiro palls n il broig mil ovei wnelmins ajnl Tammany
majorili?* II. tht Ititrv. la, St year I addressed many
republican rowings In different portions of the State,
ami evert vaere ihe ma obstscls Was tounrt. It was
,'a settled pl'e! that majorities sutl rietil to elect local
oUi'kfift weic .ilt I tie case leuuireu; that no matter
wU.l nkaj Illy ltd the State ticket the rural disti iei a
eight give, they Wtt'lld be fa sejy nountcd down on Manhal
,11 island All assurances of reduced frauds In New York
ere nvrennie by counter statenienls, and 45,000 rapllbllt ans
?ah,' bad voted at llwfiibernalional election last before did
?MX vt'te ai ail. i liis year the same fear weighs upon our
ims iiii', and iiolhliig w ill do *o much td Ipsttre the downfall oi j
I'woiMiny in the State as palpable Indications thai the people
of the city mean lo have some aptrraae.n to lair vote and a
nbiwinl. To achieve 'his and to aehlere sill, the tlrsi and
last aeed Is concord aixl unitv ?u?oug republicans, and
?fterwaiils united action In Ihe city l? iween repawl- j
can* i mi sll other sinttere reformers slitrstll the emerguuey i
demaada it. Trusting that the meeting will usher in a m tv
era ol Hood feelliia sod ol go I works, I remain your obe b
?n. srr?aa>t. ROHCOIS <X)N KLIITd.
imnrj- S. sprNiTH, I'.sq and oihers. t'omniltlee, Ac.
l?Mfl?TOtvN, t'rt. 17, 1871.
Hese sit -Tans in receipt of vour letter Inviting me
^lo speak st the Cooper Institute ratllicatwu meeting, 25th
K To he effective bniore a pollUcal as.iemolage requires a
l?"v 'tular talent, which I am verv sure I do not posses*. I
nee scfts" been led tu regret my Inability to benetil our party
In lit. s direction For many veurs ssi 1 have ma le but one
sneeck otirinf our annual political campaign, slid Hint
at my '*l n Therefore while 1 wlH not trust myself l i
stieni) t Witt which can better he performed i.v another,
vet no oiK ,'L" ri" ,n earnest ness of effort to main
iein our f?. ".'J-'P'"* ;??d seeurs the Irinmpb or Integrity aud
Soverninciw Hoping for
Ihe best result from abe meetini, and lor ths success ol out
cause and tl?k^>> remain vei r truly yours,
Hon. t'tiAM.Btfv'1- halrman" ,Vr"N
MI'KRCrt. OK 40 DOB PIKRHEPONT.
Judge Piorrepout ihn ilm npeuker. Dnung
bia speech he Mid:?*
11 the Rochester Holt#* eieoum, does nny idiot
expect reform Have itionn uudtjr thai
administration? None of an<i never ?h iii w? I
have. The entire nuehinery .,i the government lias
t>een in tiie Hand* ot th-so Maine mea for -Vm.V
?r?rs, have they reformed anyil, g Let v,
plundered treasury, your disgra.-ed city vonr om
rial robbers, daunting their stolen millions in v mr
insulted faces answer. Re-elect them ail reform ?.n
hi^h go to its torn o, an j fraud JJd
hold revelry again Every lertectlng i.ian kuow" this. I
and everv mail who votes f.,r the o Id v.
tyr the old rule, ana cannot hC sincere iu his nrofL?
slottl about reform. Kellowclti/ens demo"
publican*. whlc^'io. -i nr5* or re
mce fo iacc wtfli "this' "uueSfti.Vi n? are brought
We may as well lay aside shainl p
look at the naked reality. We ill Vnn?ii a Hti"a?e
ing facts. ?o you Honestly wU o S L .lk"
mous city charter turn out tiie 'inmi^^'a a"
an hooi st government \,m HL win ii
believe thai electing1 the ell, do you
will bring reform You kn/w^i JnniaiJ^'
vote a ticket that ?!i uot* Then
teuces, and Iranfcly say that vonC.??C, ?.ttlse .pre"
form, but like fraud. Succcm o h? wunt re"
ticket this fall Is Tamma. v'? !?deru0crauc
every sensible man knows it w? eaH' ftua
strange times; unheard-of dial??i!?. ai-leiV up"n
in husinesw, commotion in civil ?#f disturbances
Of cngantic frands by h& Xm rovelauo"s I
corruptions which are annul in,? .?en' uncovered
hllatioo of all power In Tue neoni* utter an,d* 1
will throngli the baiiot bo* prea* llie,r
hv fraudulent count of vot^f' -Jf.? '?c"very that
casi, the very lonndatlons or r? wero nover
are destroyed, the rule or an ??iL? government
rupt, more vile, more ffl0r? cor"
asvfiifwsas ^fjssrwrwssi ss i
will be needed, if tin* state ea limit i r?crl I
rra?xr?r
mr tt. SPKKOfl OF WILLIAM M. EVIRTfl
cnter;,K;,,!_M-Er"'''
democratic ticket for this .state shows pffS ia
that it is represent.., ve of the ?ve aaTS 1
ssues of our pontics, and that you and?Ki I
that the smt rages of tne people i H2i
lam quj^ wire, gentlemen, that there has been 1
more sober purpose, more thought iuthemmds or
?overn?eent, the'lM -SS&S5SS1 S? fhSl?8ta?Kr I
I Sr En.tas. "?d?r I
ssTto'^u^'^nr^r wsr H
revolution and of slavery we knew pv?L ?,Vi tlie I
i
I maVnTheiVwM no mreluT"^ bauIe'deuHf
1 arw.-.aaur'jrj: wSSs
sswas rrAr.rirSe"1
Rr sk? sss> wv& ?,r ".'iTs; I
I than this of corruption and nori .oorriintimi I
I i ween these two utate tickets. This S.
I upon our liberties and our honor
met as slavery was met: and, depend Yinon ft Vm2
people will suppress this (S0 P r
peaceable means or by blood. (Loud clieer^ i tiJ?
is nothing that deserves so deep a^ curee or L Jwm
)r?ou "3 t'ie cr,me corrnptiutf the sii r
fraires of the people, 'l'he ne nip whn <i.? ?i.V
count and count ana cheat you out r
the sudrage. They say what are v,u,
10 u0 'l You are going io exercise Uin
suiirage, and see that nobody corrupts or defies it
l?o you mean really that nobouy is to rob von nr
your sutfrage y it It comes, gentlemen, to a mis
I h Yot*5. there win have to conic a lair coiuit
of bayonets. Well, tue.v say still that all this was said
flU(t "w?most prevent the pnssintr or
"luitons scheme, and the scheme passed all
the same. You have resolved and yoii have ma ir,
speeches. These men have goi. the power and thev
ffl s w, :,?y? ?if??H
Si i"L" 'rar,j z srs
i ^ou ?le going to ilo about it f" Is it ilie
prison o?7s0itUtiiti^1th8COr,1.ruI Pualahment of tue
thai o l be the redemption of the inonev 1
that was stolen t? That H the ouestlon nViw in
my opinion what has beJu ^nc>S
ofOVCXewnt York 'JlL V\Z u"" Si ,'!c
noae a,crotnl',ln,Ujon or Insirnmentaluics for the^ni-6
Stafe." Now,^m?pTOp?el<inietth^bftu<T1ihere are
some people is ho .re satlsiled to nay "Well twi-p i
Is snarpcr t.^.o the rest of you." Vow, Kentlemen
I bave uot tb 11 combination of iinmun
It u M>h'.cn ,Provldence will not Jiave; for
It is that state which has been XwVih,',i
as 'wickedneua uas got rich and kiekeu rii^
In anv^d"sfio/('?l 18 our mill8t had no' parallel
in any despotic government. There lint im( ?Ii.
potic government existed during the ia*t imndr-i
years that could have done w at l oJ^ .i J ro1
ruin have done. WV have hcard ?uZ, Wf of
feafDerinu tuelr nests, and mat wp i!n/i? 1
that poliuciaus wtn fcattier their riesi^ \v?f
sSfi;
not led liit'l c?l their liP?fH in ihn it
that they had take., 'Jml^of^'
toilers lame sums; where it wis
n(?" y Lfu'1 sr"n,! 11,1,1 *here it had been divided
nobody knew; all that they did know was tint il
V^is gone, mere were brave men of iiV l!
brave men of tho people, who aie greariy to i.?*.
honored. Hiid who, il not. honored now will lie re
memnered as tne Kreatest b;nefa. tois the woofe
ever had. I don't know when the spirit oTthe
people has ever turnished a completer testinioiiv
ley OH not walt U)r the S,.nra?e- theJ
did uot wait to ask ThnJ 'i i I
wait for permission or the King. ii,u they }'c
manned from their fears and from their terror! tiia 1
ii? \a1Kon P08ses>jlon of tiie Hiug that the Irt ji^urv
should no longer be iu their bauds, and Andrew il
ureen-doud cl.eersi-a democrat always ami a
democrat now; an luncst man always, and an honest
iiinu now; a leariess man always, and a tearless
man now. He Holds itic treasury by the declara
tion or the people, who made manifest their will.
These citizens did not stop there, Tney thought
ttkov rniKht as well have a lutle law, and that they
might do some good ui that direction, and they had
the Attorney General's authority to nominate J
a ay associate counsel they might suggest,
and they suggested Mr. Charles (('Conor?
(loud clieern)? who wields lus power by
ike will 01 the people. Well, you see, tho people i
cm do something; Out all this can i?e undone by the i
suffrage of the people on the 7th oi November. The 1
King can say 10 us, "Well, we have taken the
sense ot (tie people, and It Is against you." i
If so Mr. (('Conor stays there no longer.
Mr. Green does not remaiu. I will venture to
say that, in the figures in tne newspapers j
In the morning, jou will see. probably, (he name of i
the robber who has i>ecn robbing you; and a rob
bery tiiat would not be committed under any d?<- I
potic government. You will see that the plunder is
in the power of the robber; you will see
that you were taxed also to get It there,
l nave contributed my share; you have contri
buted yours, ih era were three persons appointed
to audit claims; they audited them after a lashlon,
and t bet amounted to six millions oi dollars. Tne
county had authority to tatse this money on revenue j
bond* and ih '-e bonds were solo to honest parlies, I
and these -\x millions wcro put into the treasury to
p.iy the debts of the public, and all this 1
money was drawn out in the shape of war-
rants subject to the order of these people.
Three million live hundred thousand dollars of tnls
$<;,ojo,(kio was deposited to the credit of a snborcil- j
nate clerk, a com. nun agent of the public plnu*
nereis. Of this $u,&oo,ooo $9.vj,ooo was drawn i
by him to the credit of William M.
Tweed and deposited m his (Tweed's) bank.
(Hisses.) Now. the only way of repaving
Mils money is by you aud I paying it over again by i
taxes; and U will ie.i am, loo, in Mr. I weed's
pocket. (Iliss-'s.) Was 1 wrong when I said that
there was no despotic government within thela*i
hundred years that could have done (Ills thing r
(??No.") If it had been done the people would have
draggcu the despot, bis courtiers and his family from I
power. But oil will chooee tills man to be your I
Senator lor the making or your laws. ("Never,
never/ He goes among his' followers aud Is re
ceived Willi rapturous applause. If this man is
elected the linger of scorn of the world will be di
rected to us. 1 wish It to be understood that every
man who falls to do his part to prevent the election j
oi tills man is a party to his crimes and is j
an accessory alter the fact. (Loud cheers.)
l don't care who is, whether ue lives lu Filth ave- I
line or in the Five Points, he Is an accessory to his
crimes, (t'herrs.) Mr. Kvarts concluded very elo
quently by stating ttiat he knew whereof he i
spoke when he said that the two patties In Kurope
the lovers of liberty aud the haters of
it? were looking lo the endeavor of the
New York people to shake themselves free
from this tyranny, and he urged them to avoid the
danger which was menacing the county. (Loud and
long ronttnued cheering).
Maishnl Sharpe afterwards addressed the nieotlnir.
which was brought lo a close by the singing wi tho j
?Mat spangled I tanner."
The Sixth *eiiatorlal Uiatrlet.
To rUK Kl?ir<>* OK TUB il Kit A U>:?
i resjiei'tiullv requost the pubilcsuon of the ioI
lowing lads relative to the Senatorial camnalgn in
tho .Sixth ulsi.net
A renoft, emanating from a certain political
quarter, I* in circulation, which might have a ten
dency io misrepresent mo unless contradicted. Said
report is io the effect that I am a "candidate in the
interests of Tuunuanv Hall, being supported by
means furnished by a certain pioiuiucui of
ii, mi lii dint organization, and that J do
no' Urn-lid to remain u candidate against
t hat urbanization until ih>j closing or the
polls.'' I hereby emplialiciillv contradict the fore
going r^ioxl, and take this opportunity of slating,
iliat I havt* never received .my aid or assistance
financially, i nn in any public official In or outside of
Tammany Hail, aud never intend to seek such. As
regards "being in tne mierest ol Tammany llall,"
I most eiiiphalu Jliy this. Having received
the iiiianlniouir noruinatiou of the united reiorm
party of ilie Sixth dlstfiei, rflid of my ieilow citizens
M) public meeting mb.'cd, I inicud io remain a
candidate for Senator or the Sixth district (oppose 1
to Tammany Hull only), until the closing or the polls
on tbf "Hi 'lay oi November next.
MARTIN NACHTMANN.
New York, Oct. 1871.
Ailjwiiraril Tainiliiiny Atwrmbly i nnvrBfl?B?.
Four adjourned Assein'dv Conventions of Tam?
many Hall were he'.J la*' ovenlOS !T! iha
Sevchteeutn, Eighteenth and Twentletli districts.
Tn the Eleventh district the ton vent ion met and
adjourned uutil to morrow evening. The Eighteenth
District convention apppotnted a conference com
mittee to endeavor to unite all the outside organi
zations in the district on one candidate and ad
journed until Friday.
Jerome Buck received the nomination of the
Seventeenth District Convention, oelore whom he
appeared aud was received with much applause,
lie in a lew words stated his pleasure at i.eing
their nominee, and pledged himself to support the
democratic party and the interests oi the Twenty
second ward to the oest of his ability. He is a
strong man, and will no doubt be elected.
The Twentieth District convention nominated
John lirown, the last lncumt>ent, ami oil his declin
ing, William tlitchman, who last year represented
the Twenty-first district, received the nomination.
Senator lienrv Genet, who was present at the meet
ing, made a brief address.
STATE POLITICS.
j "Via* .1%, ^s,
Hanioril E. burcVo Opinion the Situa
tion? 11 opMul l.nok for t be Democracy?
Kenton t.ikfty to I hum- h Kepublicnu l)r.
Cent? Ucpuiili -an Holt la tlie Twenty-ninth
Senatorial Dlxirici.
Niaoaha Fii.i.s. Oct. 25, 1?71.
In a conversation with Sanford E. Cnurch to-day
lie spoke confidingly of the democratic party elect
ing their entire State ticket tnls fall, owing to the
apathv or the people In the rural districts and the
lukewarmness of the friends of Senator Kenton, the
latter, he thinks, being in ravor or giving the
Slate to the democrats, ami cites as an Instance j
the combination or the Fenton republicans of the
Twentr-nlnth Senatorial district with the demo- i
crats to defeat the regular republican nominee,
George Uowen. for state Senator, and a strong tup- j
porter or ConkUng.
The Democratic Senatorial Convention, which
met yesterday at Albion, adjourned In the evening
until Tuesday, October 31, without making any
nomination. The only business being done was the
appointing of a committee to consult with the Fern
ton republicans. On the aist t lie sore
beaded republicans and democrats assemble I
in Joint convention and nominate a candidate
r?r State Senator. The most prominent name men
tioned is that or lleury a, Richmonl. Governor I
Church thinks that tho present rulers or the city of
New York should give way to new men? men who i
possess the confidence or the peooie.
WESTCHESTER COUNTY ASSEMBLY NOMINA
TIONS.
Tlie democrat* of tne Third Assembly district of
Westchester county wet in convention at reekskill
on Tuesday, and nominated Collin S. Rrowa as a
candidate for member of Assembly irom that dis
trict. \villlam Meade, a former 'nominee, Having
withdrawn from the canvass.
William W. Niies has received the republican nom
ination lor member of Assembly in the First As
sembly district of the county aoovc named.
RICHMOND COUNTY DEMOCRATIC NOMINA
TIONS.
The usually quiet Utile village of lticlimond. Sta
ten Island, was besieged yesterday by politicians of
every grade, who gathered for the purpose of wit
nessing the transactions of the lMchmond County
Democratic Convention, winch was held at the
County Court Uouse. There were fully Ave hundred
persons present, among others Senator Frost, Judge
Metcalf, Assemblyman John Decker, supervisors. R.
Brick, Jr.; Samuel llariou. Jud e T. P. Kilpatrick,
Sheriff Wynants and a host oi others. Mr. Marion
was appointed chairman, and after calling the meet
ing to order Judge Vaughau reported the proceil
ings of the Senatorial Convention lately held at
Jamaica, which was accpted. The following ticket
was unanimously adopted:?
Assembly? Thomas Cw.vnue.
County Judge? Judge Metcalf.
Justice of Sessions? John Mchan.
District Attorney? s. F. Uaw&ou.
Coroners? Drs. Lee and Tappau.
Superintendent of Poor? Philip Bender.
At the close of the Convention the Ueneral com
mittee held a mectiug, the business of wtncti was of
a private nature.
SENATOR SUMES,
Loiter to Hie Colored Convciriion
in ColnniJM'a^ S.
The Massachusetts Senator on Sccial Equality?
The Great Boon for the Colored Race Their
Rights in Schools and at the Ballot Box
Sliarp Thru it ac the St. Domingo Job.
Washington* 1). C., O'li. 25, 1871.
The following letter irom senatc,r stunner was
read at the convention of colored ^ien at Columbia,
S. 0., on Monday:?
uosttor, Oct. 13, is? i.
Drau Sir?I am glad U'.at our colored fellow citi
zens are to have a convention of their own. So
long as they are extended from rights, or suffer ui
any way. on acc ount oi color they will n.Hurally
meet together lu order to And a proper remedy, and
since you kindly Invite me to communicate with the
Convention I make bold to offer a few briul sugges
tions.
In the first pltice, you must at all times insist upon
yonr rights, and here 1 mean not only those already
Recorded, but others still denied, all oi Which are
contained in equality beloro the law. Wherever the
law supplies a rule, there you must Insist upon
equal rights, ilow much remains to be obtained
you know too well m the experience ol life. Can a
respectable colored citizen travel on steamboats or
railways or public conveyances generally without,
insult on account oi color r Let Lieutenant Gover
nor Dunn, of Louisiana, describe his journey from
New Orleans to Washington. Shut, out from
proper accommodation in tue cars, tne doors of the
senate Chamber opened to him, and there lie found
that equality which a railroad conductor had de
nied. Let our excellent mend Frederick Douglass
relate his uiclanclmiy experience, when, within
sigl.t or the Hxecuttve Mansion, lie was thrust back
Iroui the diuner table where Ills brother commis
sioners were already seated. Vou know the out
rage. 1 might ask tne same quest, on with regard to
hotels, und even common schools, a hotel is a leunl
institution, and so Is a common school. As sucli
each must oc for the equal ncuellt ol all. Now, can
there be anv exclusion from either on account
Of color T It is uot euougti to provide separate ac
commodations lor colored citizens, even it In all
respects us good as those oi other persons. Equality
Is not found m an equivalent, but omy In equality.
In other words, there must ne no discrimination on
account oi color. The discrimination is un Insult
aim a hindrance and a bar, wnich not only destroys
comfort and prevents equality, but weakens all
other rights.
The right to vote win have new security
when vour equal riirlit in public conveyances, hotels
and common schools is at last established; but here
you must Insist lor yourselves by speech, bv peti
tion and by vote. Ilelp yourselves and others will
help vou also. The Civil Klgltts law needs a sup
piemen t to cover such cases. Tills defect has been
apparent i rout me beginning, and for a long tlni'.< I
have striven to remove It. I have a bill lor tills p.ir
posc now pending m the Senate. Will not tny col
ored teilow citizens see that those in power snail no
longer postpone this essential safeguard? Surely,
here is au object worthy of eflort.
Nor has the republican party done Its work until
this is established. Is it not neitcr to establish ail
our own people in the enjoyment of equal rights be
fore we see* to briutr others within the sphere of
our instil utions to i>e treated Hkc Frederick Douglas
was on ins war to tne President irotn st. Domingo f
It Is easy to see that a small part of the means, the
energy and the determined wih spent in the expe
dition to St. Domingo and In the prolonged war
dance about that Bland, with menace to tbe black
republic of Ilaytt, would have scoured all our colored
lellow citizens m the enjoyment of equal rights. Of
tins there can l?e no doubt.
Among the cardinal objects in education which
must be insisted on must be equality, side by side
with the alphabet. It is in vain to teach equality If
you do not practice it. it Is in vain to recite the
great words oi t tie Declaration of Independence ir
yon do not make thetn a living reality. What is
lesson without example- As ad are equal at I be
ballot box so must all be equal at the comni' u
school. Mquallty In the common school Is the pro I
partition fot equali'y at the nuiiot box; therefore do
I put this among the essentials ol education.
In asserting your own rigni* you will not lull to
insist upon justice to all, under which u nei iril.t
luclnded purity In the government. Thieve* ?ud i
money changers, whether democrats oi republi
cans, must be driven out of our temple. Tammany
Halt and republican sen-seekers must be over- i
thrown. There should be no plm-e lor either,
Thank Hod good men ure now coming to tin
rescue, Let thetn, while uniting uuainst corruption,
insist upon equal rights rot all and also the supine,
sioii Of lawless violence, wierrvir it shows itse.f,
whether in the Ku Kiiix Mhii outraging the South
or illicit undertakings outraging tue olack republic j
of llaMi.
To iliese inestimable object, add specie iiayments
anil you ill i.ave a platiorin wuieli ought to be ac- I
oepteJ by the American people. v\ ill not our
colored fellow citizens begin llil* good work? Let I
Uieni at the same time save i hem selves tind save I
th?: country. These are oniv hints which I stimuli I
Vo the Convention, hoping that i is proceedings win I
tend (Vpecially to the food o. the coloied race. Ac-
cept my jlianks vud m.st wishes, ami believe m?
lan hfuiiy yours, CUARLIMJ simnkr. j
THE MIMflPIL MUDDLE.
The ('ommiitef of Seventy Shotilng
Their Hands*
Suits Instituted Ag/inst Wil
liam M. Tweed.
CHARLES O'CONOR INTERVIEWED
Ur Thinks the Boss Must Disgorge $1, Mi), 001)
mid Possibly Answrr a liinii
oal ProKerution.
/H't
Tilde n'? .Search in tlie llroad
ivaj Batik.
What He Discovered? Alleged Evidences
of Fraud and Forgery of
KeyBer'i Accounts.
The Committee of .seventy seem to have arrived
at conclusions at laut and have commenced pro
ceedings against Win. M. Tweed, as will be seen by
the following affidavit, made' on Tuesday last, by
Samuel J. Tilden, who has investigated his account
in the Broadway National Bank:?
CUy amt County <ir yeto fork, sit.? Samuel J.
Tilden, being duly sworn, depose* and says that,
happening casually in the office of the Comptroller
ol trie city ol New York, he was consulted by Mr.
Andrew 1L Green, Deputy Comptroller, and ms
counsel, as to ttie notice proposed lo bo
giveu to tho manorial Broadway Bonk in respect
to tne alleged lorgery of the signature or Key ser A
Co. as endorsers ot certain county warrants; that
soon after tnis deponent waH requested by the said
(ireen to make some investigation in the accounts
ol the said bank; that deponent noticed on the
back 01 the said Keyser warrants pencil memo
randa of K. A. w. or E. a. Woodward, which
he supposed had been made thereon by the
teller who received the deposits, and was
led to examine tne deposit account of
the said Woodward, to see if the Keyser
warrants could be identified; that the method of
examination adopted was to take a transcript of
the deposits us entered on tho ledger, and then to
decompose the entry of each deposit into the Items
of whicii sucii deposit was made up, by a reference
j to the deposit, tickets whicti had been preserved,
and to take a trauscrlDt of the debits In the lodger,
and then to decompose each entry which was
formed of mure man one item t>y ref
1 erence to the blotter kept by the bank; that
l deponent traced transactions from the account
j of the said Woodward into tho accounts in ttie
1 said bank of lugersoll k Co., and Andrew j. Onr
i voy, and at last into thu account or William M.
I Tweed, and caused the same process to be anplled
i toeacii or the said accounts: dial tin* deponent con
structed i He schedule marked E, in the complaint in
mis action, and wrote every word and llgure In tho
same, except tuo footings of the several col
unius, \eryiying each entry by personal In
speclloii oi ttie transc ipts made up from
the books In the Comptroller's office, and
entries upon tuo warrants, and with me trau- 1
scripts irom the books of tne National B oadway
BanK and from the said deposit tickets, or verifying
I the same by tneir being called oif by ceorge W.
smith and l', W. Rhodes, who assisted the sajil de
ponent that deponent caused the eatrioA purporting
to come from tuo books in the Comptroller's office
to be compared wltii the original books of record in
said office, and tuo entries purporting to come
Irom the books of ihc .National Broadway Bunk
j to be compared with transcripts from the onirics
I on the said books, and in both cases tho said tran
scripts with tho originals, and believes that each
and every entry In tue said schedule is correct; that
deponent lias personally examined the deposit
tickets embraced within the period included lu
the said schedule left with the deposits or
the said Woodward and the said Tweed; mat depo
nent examined the deposit tickets of tiic said Wood
ward and tho said Tweed, meutioned in the said
schedule, in connection with Arthur K. smith, a
bookkeeper or the said bank; that tills deponent,
in examining the tickets of the deposits of the said
Wooflward, became familiar irlth the handwriting
of the saia tickets, and w.is informed bv the said
Smith that it w?4 the handwriting of the said
Elbert A. Woo i ward; that deponent noticed, iu
examining the tickets left with the deposit* of
the said Tweed, which deposits are Gonial ned
in the said schedule, that lb* handwriting
I ol <bo said tickets aceon>..(iny|Jlg <j<*pot*ns
of the said Tweed t? the sune handwriting
with that or the .ickcis accompanying the de
posits of tho Raid Woodward; ana this deponent.
VC-riiy believes mat the tickeisiieoonipanyln/ the de
posits of the said Tweed' are in tin! hand writing of
me said Elbert A. Woodward: that deponent also
prepared Hie schedule V annexed to the complain)
Unit the summary of the results dedin ed rroiu the
schedules A and E annexed io the coiiipialut s or-
rect. and truly represents tue disposition or the war
runts and the collection of their proceeds, so far us
it purports to represent the same; that deponent
caused the statement of the couuty liabilities,
marked Schedule A In the complaint, and No. 1 in
the affidavits, to be made, and believes the same to
be correct; that deponent has procured a printed
copy or certain minutes or the Board or supervisors,
purporting to be issued by Joseph B. oung. Clerk
of sHid Board, which contains the message ot Mayor
Hall to the Supervisors, under date of August in,
isil, and apparently delivered to them Autrust 23,
iht that copy is nnucxed hereto and marked No. i
that deponent has hoard rend by Charles O'Conor
the complaint in this case prepared by him; that ax
to many of the statements of fact theroiu contained
they are true as to deponent's own knowledge, and
that deponent has investigated in respect to all such
statements of iuc', and is satisfied that tlmy are
true. SAMUEL J. T1LDKN.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 24tli day of
October, 1871. Edmund Blubs work, ,ir., Notary
Public, New York city.
Accompanying this affidavit are voluminous tran
scripts from the Comptroller's books nud those of
the Broadway National Bank, lu which the lling
made their deposits. It is claimed that the.-*: tran
scripts identify the parties who drew money from
the city, and dearly connect Mr. Tweed with the
man Woodward and tho contractor Keyset-, who
claims that fltteen or the warrants paid by the bank
are forgeries. The transcripts cover lie period from
May ft to September i. 1870 Inclusive, ana the sum
mary thereof Is as follows:?
Ht'MMARV.
Whole amount of warrant* -?;,;:ll,;>41 37
DcpoMUi l>.v I. igertoll....!f.!, 649,329 IS
Lean iranifer irom liar
rey, August 6 47,744 K
t".i"d,6si .iO of warrants
pi po*tt? by V llarTfv 1,177,11.1 It i.l wan-mite
HepoBita ny Womlwaril 2d
Li m triins
rsrs i mm
Ingeraoll to
WoodtVArdfjl 8I7.4S7 1'J
L?,J" iram
i era from
tlHirev to
Woodward 78I.S7I 01
2,i4S.SJS V)
l,f3l,li|5 Mol witffufii I
Tdui j
V .irmnt* dupoaited l>y N. V. I'rlntlng
loiupnny, a? aoora 3S4,!tWi
Total.... WfllMl# 17
W.tirMnift drpoilM by In itori.il I In
Bowery Bank, hi idi.iwn oy Inn eti
doraenient on tin' warianla, ami the
No. of that hank in Clearing Roma,
which <70 i? uampad on th<' war
Miila .v.. 8,781. Junal7..f<? .161
No. -.'.Kin. 1 1 1 '.7 36,41* S6
l(lT,,i;4?
Tola1 *S,1W1,H.? S!>
M mi rllaneou* auuill w o rauii Ii:i,>;! r.2
wuumi :t7
liigerioll dcp.xlted warrant! *.'t,fWt|,"i*4 SO
lni(..t(oll dcpoaitc t check of (larvey 47,741 li#
Total...... IS
Inkenoll'i sharks paid over to Woodward 1,817,4*7
lngertoll'a check* to panto* not trace I +l,7Sl,??il-iw
(l?rvev deposited warrant* $1,17," 41 7i
(iaryey'a check p*i,l orer to lnker
*47,744
tlnrv.v* chei'ke paid over lo Wood
war I 711, s?l 111
779,614 S9
txrvov'a ohecka lo paitim MM IIMM ,H::h;i7S?? US
Woodward d ya'ted warranta 3t,UR3,71.1 "H
W'?i'lward depoaltea check! from lnger?oll 1,S|7,4S7
Wi>o <vri?r(t dApotha I rh ekt Irom Uaimv 7?l,s7l id
,0'al ?WftZuM <4
Woodward pant orer to VMIIIam M. Twee. I, In
hecks, (li'po?it?d in WoodwarJ'a haadwrlthig. VI
tvootfward'i cheeka io partlas not traced. ...i>mJ^II? 74
Willlaia M. Twvil recelred from Woodward, aa
tr?'eil ts.t-.'.f.wi .11
W Il'iion M. Tweed rfce.vrd from I'rinilna Coin
pany, an trarad im.KU ?4
.tl.tU MW 14
Mr. Tlliten and assistants on a curelui invostiga
tlon and analysis, have developed the following
re ults, which arc to be used In a -tin against Wil
liam M. Tweed and others.
Hall, Tweed and Connolly were authorized by an
act of 1870 to audit claims against tho county which
might be lonnd due. Mavor Hail, at the one meet
ing ol >uoh Board of Audit moved a resolution as
loiiows:
Kevolve t, I'haMbe County Anditor roliert from the apnro
pr ipi late roiumilleea of the Board of Siif<erviaora all loiia
luhanlaa aaaluM tli? ?o?nt>, liKiirre l pi lor to Ajirll ML
*r1, n',,r rtM* 'h?r?on th?( th? ?vf- I
1 2 J I .1 u"n" h* lh* HathonMiton for I
iJ L ,or ,u ?PProprl?t? .dim iiiIU'i, on
rtllUittp oi irm or 1'n'inlfiit, and tha* thar*iiD?n th? Mid I
ountjr Auditor annex tb? roucUnr t? tha appropriate blanks I
i ror our .l?natur., Ulrtcte.l by u>, awt. obafKwid Md
payment. I
Auditor \Y At Hon now deceased, annexed eer
tiucKtrx u' i>!iOW|OC( to claims amouutlug in
Hie aggregate to more man six million* of dol
lar*. Fatal obieclions appear in evory part of
these transactions, li'.'V It auftlce, however, to
state this much:? Warrants or chert* on the bank
for litiniH mainly originating in tn<> noted inner
soil, C.arvcy and Kevscr affairs, W'-re i-?-tue*l to tne
aggregate amount or f A,7M),4*<* 6?i.
mcnnioH an<l Oarvey nutv have n telntd for thorn
selves portions or this vast sum, hut it In certain
that of it fa.&S'i.O.^ M wont to the credit of an
account kept by Woodward. This Wood
ward? A more deputy clerk -win the general
distributing reservoir of this great mass of
public plunder. He deposited to Tweed's credit in
the bank $o.T2,MH fto, and divided Hie balance
among |iersons not yet ascertained. Tweed's stiaro,
however. Is distinctly traced to film. I
Tno tabular statements show that upon the
issue of these warrants for nayinont the pro
ceeds were immediately distributed as above
stated. That is to say, the distribution was in
every instance, on the verv same (lav, with an ex-
reedingly small nnmiier of exceptions, where one
or two days Intervened.
Thus, out of one single set of counocted transac
tions, Tweed's share was over $900,000.
.1r. Twwil'i Hlleinmn? Fie I* to IHwcorge
93.300,000. j
Mr. Chiries O'Conor, who represents the state At-
torney dencral here for the prosecution of the mu
nicipal defaulters and peculators, has opened a
.State office in the same building wherein his own j
lawo fflces arc located, in Wail street, and h U dally 1
in ooinmunicatlon with counsel and witnesses, pre- 1
paring documents on which to base ills suits. An j
evening taper yesterday anuouueed that he would
formally commence criminal suits today against
Mr. Tweed. A reporter of tho li kh ai.ii called at Ills
office and held a conversation with Mr. O'Conor
substantially as follows:?
It k porter M r. O'Conor. an evening paper has
announced that you intend lo bring criminal suits
against Mr. Tweed to-morrow; 1 desire to make
some inquiries in relation thereto for the Ubrai.d.
Mr. O'Conor? 1 don't know about my criminal
suits being commenced. But I can tell yon that
nuder one little chapter lu a civ.l suit we can re
cover from Mr. Tweed
THRKK MILLION FIVE HI' NO BP. D THOUSAND DOL
LARS.
which would make quite a hole in his estate.
Reporter Do you intend, then, to begin a civil
suit to-morrow
1 Mr. O'Conor? Now yon ask me a question which
I cannot answer. I have already done what 1 intend
I to ao Immediately.
Hkportkr? Would such suits as you Intend to
bring disqualify Mr. Tweed from being elected to
the State Senate, as he anticipates r The evening
panel's think it would.
I Mr. O'Conor? I don't know that ti would. A man
I lnmtit be in State Prison and be elected to office,
i Hut 1 think it would very largely afreet the votes of
respectable citizens for him.
Reporter? Have you documentary evidence 10 1
convict ou civil or criminal suits v
Mr. O'Conor? 1 think we Iliyj.
Reporter? When do you expect, sir, to begin 1
your suits 1
Mr. O'Conor? Well, that I cannot, say anything I
about at present. Your question would impiy that I
I had not yet done anything. Vou understand the
work has been divided and one man attends to one
case and another to another, and it would be itn- j
1 possible for me to say now what lias been done.
I Mr. O'Conor being pressed to go, the reporter
ih inked him and retired.
A legal member of Hie Committee of Seventy was
also interviewed on the same subject, but lie had
very little information to give, save in relation to
the grounds of action of either civil or criminal suits 1
wlncii may be begun against Mr. Tweed and others.
He believed that both classes of prosecutions might
be instituted against Mr. Tweed lor fraudulent <os
1 position ot lunds entrusted to ills care as a public
oillcial, and ror
CRIMINAL participation* with others
I lu defrauding the city treasury and to recover the
sums specified In the indictments found against
him. Criminal suits will probably be boguu in tne
police courts in tne same manner and very likely by
the same partv as lu the case of Mayor llall. Ball
will, of course, be asked and given and Mr. Tweed's
election will go on, doubtless, as if notutug had
happened. But when the republican and reform
Legislature meets tUat body will decide upon
the qualifications ot Mr. Tweed an l oihcrs to take
seats with tiiein, Aud tne man of "The Seventy"
thought that Tweeo's chances then would be very
slim Indeed. The fact that the Committee ami
counsel have legal evidence against Mr. Tweed to
convict and recover they believe, however, to be
conclusive.
?iEmn; or the board of j?ppokt<ov
?e*t.
The Tranalcr of Appropriation* I'nr fiilercatl?
Tlic New onrl Ilotur .Iloijcr.
I Shortly utter one o'clock the Hoard ol Apportion
lufut met at i he Mayor's ufllco. There were pre**!:;
Mayor Hull. Peputy comptroller Groen. iJr. Sweeny
itn<] ex-Deputy Comptroller Sforrs,, Alter the uhuii!
routine had iteeu disposed of Mr. recti oilcrod a
i resolution as follows:?.
Kmniycii, That truinfem of approprutlo'tt f n Intweal ?u
city debt lie and the mime urn hereby mail." fol ..wit:
To inter- *l on city Improvement itork, lsf.9 |I1.02II
('roton W vt-r M ntn itr>ck 5,4S2
liepartrae.it l*nrk? Improrem.'nt bond* 7,7'ft
street Improvement Kun t bonds 2211.420
aimmmqi fntd bosJi <Mn
i Total taTi,2J3
t ram the following acoonnti
liiti'reit on Cltv I'nr* utocki ?*ll7.ffll0
I i Itr Improvement atocka r under ebap. "W, src. 71>... 17.5IM
i Museum of Art 'iDd Natural Hl?t ,ry *took l.T.V'
'I bird Ih?tnet t'ourt Home hon t*
1 Fire Telegraph bonds 15,7<V)
Account of iukthhi crnerally 2rK>.2j2
Total
Alter Borne slight dlscus-ilon on tl;u manor the re
solution was adopted.
A communication was recelvoil from the Commis
sioners of the new Court House, stating that, thoy
hail uiaile two requisitions lor $300,000 each; that
only one had been compiled with, aud tr the Hoard
diil not. apptopriate the money ihey would t>e ol>
I llgcd to stop the worn.
This matter was referred to the Comptroller, with
power. Alter some lirrtlier tontine bu-dneas the
Hoard adjourned.
Reninvitl ?l ouri Attendant* mill I Irrki.
Deputy Comptroller (ireen yesterday mado some
i further removals of attendants on lite Superior
Court and Court ol Common Picas, as wet! as ol
I clerii* in the llnreau ol County Affairs.
CHICAGO AFFAIRS.
Bituka Kiin* iiiy Smoothly liianrxnff I oui
puttie* Piiylnv lionsci? Failure ol' (lie Pro*
p 'Red I'olitirnl Willciinliiin? Kit tin re of nn
lii?iirnm e Cumpmy Relirf Kund Uccel|?r*.
CHICAOO, (>Cf. 2A, 1*71.
The bauks arc i nnniug smoothly. Tlior have but
ft* w falls for loans and deposits arc abundant
Many lantern aud foreign Insurance companies
are paying their losses promptly, mesa funds fur
nish oor merchant* with money lo purchase goods,
aud capitalists who arc preparing lo rebuild,
The grain uud live stock marKOts are orlsk.
There is as much doing as mere w..? I efore the lire,
and in lumber much more.
Mcchauics ate wanted. Carpenter*, masons and
almost every other clasa are lu demand at good
wages.
Hotter Palmer Is pushing up Ins uew grand hotel
as last its possible.
The combination of the two political parties for
the next city and county election lia? not jr?t been
I ull.v consummated owing to the large numoer of
candidates and the diversity of views of those en
gaged in the work of combining, 'inert; Is no diver
sity ol fecllinr in regard to the nomination of MciliU
for .Mayor, (..'age for City Treasurer au<| Jauesou lor
Juilge of ihe superior Court. Ihey aie all fibular.
(icneral l.ippiucott, state Auditor, lias flied a bill
In the Circuit Court for Ihe dissolution of 'he Ilcpub
lie Insurance Company of Chicago, on the ground
oi insolvency and mismanagement of its atlairs by
the directors. It lias been ascertalne I that Its as
sets aim' u 'i i to $1,133,000; Its ri-ks outstanding.
$14,0*10,000; Its losses by the recent tire, over
t4 ooo.oo i, and its stock notes, i3,w<tJ,&o.'i. it u al
leged that manv ??f the stockholder* are Insolvent,
aud that their notes cannot be collected.
The Treasurer reports tho following receipts for
i lie rcliel of Hie Cnicago poor:?
t a-di received, $609,27#.
Total Amount lor which drafts have imen drawn
and to be forwarded for collection, .Vc., $Stm,7Ct>.
Augregate receipts, $l,4sn,y
Of thin sum $;i4,49o have been distributed, the
baiaue reminding on hand. The Committee esti
mate that iney win require $1,V75,000 lor liv nevt
tlilrt.i days.
DI9ARIER ON LAKE MICHIGAN.
>ic It in? ol i* Si lioaner? Five *lcn tlrnw nrd?
llmi'll rat t oiiilnt I ol n siram i nt Capixin.
CHIi'A'iO, (let. '2d, 1871.
Tite schooner II. I'. Messner, of this port, on the
9t.|i inst>, during uie prevalence of a tierce gale,
struck on a rock on Crane Island. Lake Mlchiiran,
ami soon tilled. The crew wero taken oil by a Hail
ing vessel. Alter a lew (lays' effort the schooner
was taken oil the rock, and while i>eiug towed
ashore by a tug she tilled with water and capaiaed,
ami five out of nine on board perished before as-dsi.
auce oaiurv it ia charged that thn tug cut loo-e
when it l>c?'ame evident that she must sink ami lelt,
making no eifoil to ?avc the crew nu ihe svhouuer.
BDTLZll AND THE HORTOS HEROES.
He Delivers His Anti- Treaty Lecture in Boatoa
and Am the Horton'a Crew on the Plat
form u Frightful Example*.
The llorton Exploit from Bal
lets Standpoint.
BOTTOM, OCt. lb, 1H71.
What c.oneiai B. v. Butler thinks of the escape of
the fl*iiinn schooner K. A. Morton from tne British
authorities unci the nut>sequent lionizing of the crew
by their townsmen at uioucestor, has beoome a
subject of {treat inquiry amon* th<i people in tM*
vldnlty. The General has so persistently pot him
self forward in tlie somewhat anomalous position
of acting an
A STRONG PABT1SAN OF TIIK PRESlbKNT
ami the administration, besides being the head and
front of the opposition to one of the most impor
tant of their acts? the treaty of Wa*iungton~ttiat
his words may generally be supposed to have great
weight with the public. He has set hlinseir squarely
in the matter to-night. There need he no doubt ot
the course wiilch he will pursue In the future.
Ills re narks were expressed In the form of a
lecture upon the treaty, the same In point of so
stance which was delivered at Fniladelphla last
week, but with numberless interpolations, wnicu
bore special rcferoucc to the condition o! affairs
U>Mu'ic Hall was crowded with interested listeners.
CAPTAIN I1ABVEY KNOWI.TON, OF TnK HOBTOW,
and the six men who composed his crew beini,
ranged just back of tne lecturer In chairs along the
stage. They were tine, stalwart, muscular men,
these toilers of the sea, with face.* lull of determina
tion and eyes that seemed to Hash deiiance at. all
who dared to oppose their timto n\?' American
ilikI tlie enjoyment of ibe rtftlus or Aincric?i i
citizens, (iencral Butler's address commenced wit
toe assumption that the British Commissioners
hail circumvented the Yankees in the making ud ol
lite provisions of the treaty, and that the latter Wi
timidly conceded evor.v P?'"1 This
m'or a Atr-.Li>\ to have a wAr with Great Driiaiu. iu??
was tlie key note of his whole discourse which he
hammered upon often with numerous citations from
liiH'ory and their conseuueut Unes ot aniumeut;
The nitRt record of Orctt Britain, he said, warran
the^ assumption that the representatives of that,
nation will fAKB AN ^dvantagb
wherever they can gain, and it is only the f?ct that
tho nrovisions of their treaty have uot yet Dee'j
made final and irrevocable? bceause they have^
awatt the ratitlcalion ol both houses ?Tner are^T
or HriWi newapap.ru, eillten hrwtiftttne
of t lie recent excursion |iany ulloJ J*
unkees."' The General here took oc aston to refer
bitterly to some of the newspaper ooI""^"ti?,up^1
UleUure since it was tlrst 'ro.gnt be
fore the public. Tho criticisms o the 5ew
v?ru Tnimnf he said, were dictated by
a poor nooilsh dolt, ce^^rr?d Sp
wBh l'lke sauce! 'They have proVwmni
entsoncape Ann and
sines Th. it i* why 1 am doing this, wnen i
otherwise be lolllug In an easy !^'r- l),r "{V
ami driukimt wine with some hnglish .ord,
and arinK"J*0;i|1} TO THK bkitish nation.
mnee mv lecture was written 1 may svata that
few Il*b to cook tor dinner. 1 here ere otnei caw
?i Vi similar nature. Ihe seizure ol the Uortou, wnicu
Has been talked about so much, was an nwundjc^
%ss i
Kr'nooSjw'S Yl'"ll?'Se";5o,'lu5f '?1
SoJa'r1y nou"r iNluiiI or mlnltmi! or M,
N*

U waij 0U "be most fi.ir.r. tVT nxno r,
that li ive ever or cn re< or 1e< I j" IJJ' 1 ^<'0^ li e iirli
srMKSs
sort ol graceful 1 tiiVw nurf and third, an I
ihe 'most' Ul sgru efnl ot
and His crew b, sent back irlta n m 0^
?,T V,ns ot hose "who wore supposed
the H 'OS oi exnurton a nil
bssR jHkSSS
moor, twh?ch'arc tho mem .rle. of you,
laThe Oonera. here
him. and they all rost. as ir i ,,,aient of rouod
per, and bowed t "f*""*1 ^u'KSain Knowl
after round or '""J1,- PR, aiiTa?ce, with a
ton stood a litue in wD1,c M,
cunniriK srn.le ?l'?n i( ,nelr t,uttonholes.
a^ociates nervously twl wlia. ,kcv had done to
in evident wonrtermcn m iw a' much curiosity.
ssx^iBS^s.'sasirsia
when i rotted out to z?'1? n ,.oro?-< and they boro
matter ontstue ot that heretofore published.
T H _ PACIFIC CO^ST.
4 l??f??ir?nco C oinpanie,
II, .?In. ?'r?..i??rnt JUrniouN Vlrw ol
Hi,.,- Bridge
Frs?tlwi? ?my.
san Fuancuoo. Cal., <>ct. A is7i.
I Tke Occidental Insurance company, of this city,
resolved to-<:ay to resume brtsir.css. The People'.
Insurance Company are endeavoring
similar arrangement.
There is much sutrerinf in San Joaquin valley,
where tue crops have wholly failed for two seasons.
One thousand persons are n^edin? food. Th<- citt
yciiN are raiiiukf funds lor ihelr re'ief.
mil Kuhseii. another escaped state prisoner from
Nevada, was captured here yesterday evening while
eudeavoriu.1 to ship on a vessel for a foreign port.
Ueorge u. cannon, a Mormon leader, In this city
taklmr counsel ?.n the prosecutions now progressing
at Sa'? i,ake, says if the convictions continue the
Mormons will burn all they have and make another
exodus, as they did ir?>m Illinois.
Senator Norton of Indiana, was serenaded last
nitfiit. He tarts tor home to-day.
It is raiiilnu in Oregon.
A resolution to jfive $a,0t)0,000 ofsubsHy to a com
nauv to build a raliro:iil bridge across th bay from
the Aleuieda shore to tins city was introduced in
the Board of Supervisors last nnrtil, but not acted
"Extensive fires continue In the coast rani*e of
mountains In California iroui Los Angeles county
northward.
VIROINIA AND TENNB8SEE RAILROAD.
Kxeiinnent Aihoiik Suiithrrn Uallrond ?Im?
I ni Million 1'rrvrni the ontolidaliun ol
ilie Virginia itnd Trn*r???r nnd Narlsllt
and IVler*bnr? Knilroado.
LTNOnBCMO, Va? Oct. ib, 1*71.
The bill of complaint of James K. Tyson, of Balil
more, against the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad,
and William Mali one, Its president, wntcii was
withdrawn In flie United states Circuit Court for
the Ra?tern district of Virginia, w as Died here
t onlay an I Jmlgo bond issued an order (or the bear
tug of the motion for Injunction before the rmted
Mates Circuit Court here on the ir>th of November
next. Tyson, win is it stockholder, owning lire
slimes in the Virmnia and Tennessee Kail road, prays
that t lie defendant. Its president and agent, i>e
restrained irorn carrying out tnc provisions 01 an
act of the Virgtuia legislature, con?ol Hat
log that road with the Norfolk an i l*eters
burg road and the South side road, under
the title of the Atlantic and Mississippi nail road,
having its teruiini at Norfolk, Va., and Bristol. fenn.
He further piaysthat the virgin a and Tennessee
Hnilroad company he restrained from issuing any
bonds under tue act of the Virginia Legislature in
furtherance of the mterests o. the Atlantic aed
Mississippi Itailroad. which act Hie complaint
alleges to be unconstitutional; that they be enjoined
iroiu negotiating tue loan for $S,0$#,IWOi bonds of
which auioniiL nave been execute I and attempted
to tH> sold at a discount ol twentr-flfe cents, and
that the defendant* be enjoined trom coiiHiruciiug
the Cumberland Uap Itailroad, or in any way loster
lug these roads bv the use ol tlie luuds ol tho Vir
ginia and Tennessee Kauroad.
Ills motion creates a good deal of excitement in
railroad circles and It Is believed to b*> an eiiort of
some Northern railroad companies to break U|> Ala
hone's consolidate I Hue iu V nginia.