DAILY PRESS,
PORTLAND
_
MONDAY, OCTODKK 00, 1871.
A PBOOLAMATION
Bribe President of the V nited Slates.
Tlie process of the seasons has again enabled the
husbandman to gainer the fruits of successful toil;
industry has been generally well rewarded ;we are at
peace with all nations and tranquility,with few excep
tions,prevails at home. Within the past year we have
been, in the main, free from the ills which elsewhere
have affocted our kind. If some of us have had calam
ities there should be an occasion Ibr sympathy with
the sufferers—of resignation on their part to the wil1
of the Most High and of rejoicing to the many who
have been more iavored. I, therefore, recommend
that on
Thursday, the 30lh day of November next,
the people meet in their respective places of worship
and there make the usual acknowledgments to Al_
mighty God ior the blessings he has conlerred upon
them, ior their merciful exemption lrom evils and
Invoke His protection and kindness for their less for
tunate brethren whom, In His wisdom, He has deem
ed best to chastise.
In witness whereof I havo hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the United States to be
affixed at Washington this.the twenty-eighth day
ot October, one thousand eight hund/ed and sev
eniy-one, and ofthe Independence of the United
State the 96th.
(Signed) U. S. Grant.
Ily the President.
Hamilton Fish, Sec’y of State.
The November Elections.
Less interest than usual will be felt in th$
November elections because the result of the
preliminary October contests was so une
quivocal that one of the contesting parties
fee’s as if it were fairly “distanced” and
•‘ruled out.” Of the nine State elections that
arc to be held on Tuesday, the 7th of Novem
uci, muse m new xuitv kuu ju.a&sacuu.^cu.s
are the most interesting; the latter because of
the four tickets in the field and the disturb
ance created there by Gen. Butler, and the
former because of the serious attempt that
■will be made to redeem the State and city
from Democratic hands.
In Massachusetts the situation is, we fear,
rather sericus. Last year the same elements
of opposition to the Republican party that are
now in the field reduced the magnificent Rad
ical majority of former years to about nine
thousand. Then Gen. Butler had not, as
now, added the weight of his demoralizing
influence to the enemy’s force. This year
Governor, State officers and Legislature are
to be chosen. The candidates toi Governor
are Wm. B. Washburn, Republican. Johu
Quincy Adams, Democrat, E. M. Chamber
lain, “Labor Reformer” and Robert C. Pit
man, “Prohibitionist.” In the last Legisla
ture the Republicans had 178 majority on
joint ballot.
It is difficult to believe that, in view of the
fact that the leading Democrats of the Em
pire State are about to be prosecuted lor
theft, the Republicans can fail to regain the
ascendency. Last year Hoffman was elected
over Woodford, the Republican candidate, by
33,090 majority, but more than this majority
was given in New York city where this year
great multitudes of Reform Democrats will
support the Republican ticket. The highest
officer voted lor is Secretary of State, for
which position G. Hilton Scribner is the Re
publican, and Dierdich Willers, Jr., the Dem
ocratic or Tammany candidate. The most
important object to be effected with a view to
reform is to elect a Republican Legislature.
Last year by fraudently unseating one Repub
lican and buying the notorious Winans Tam
many had a majority of four or five on joint
ballot. Tweed and his friends are again
nominated for the Legislature, but it is now
thought jthat it will .be impossiblejto elect
them.
Illinois only elects a Congressman-at-large
in place of Gen. Logan, transferred to the
Senate, and a Congressman from the sixth
district to fill the place of Mr. Cook, who has
resigned, besides County Judges and other
county officers. The candidates for Congress
man-at-large are Gen. J. L. Beveridge, Repub
lican and S. S. Hayes, Democrat. Both the Re
publican candidates will doubtless be elected.
Maryland elects Governor, other State offi
cers and a Legislature. The Democrats had
a large majority in 1870, and will undoubtedly
elect W. P. White, their candidate for Gov
ernor, though the Republicans profess to
have some hope of carrying the State for Ja
cob Tome with the aid of the m‘orn vote.
There is never any doubt about the fidelity
of Minnesota to the Republican faith, any
more than there is about Maine. Being peo
pled largely by Maine emigrants, she partakes
largely of the political spirit of what might
almost be called “the parent State.” Horace
Austin is the Republican and Wintbrop
Young the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor. Last year the Republican majority
was about seven thousand. A Legislature is
to be elected,1 and two unimportant amend
ments to the Constitution are to be voted
upon.
In New Jersey the Republicans hope to
elect Cornelius Walsh Governor over Joel
Parker, the Democratic candidate, being en
couraged thereto by the fact that in the Con
gressional election last year they had a small
majority. The Republicans have a majority
of eleven on joint ballot in the present Legis
lature which they hope to retain.
Gen. C. C. Washburn and the apostate
James R. Doolittle are the opposing candi
dates for Governor in Wisconsin. The Re
publican majority in 1808 was 8,215. The
two gentlemen above named are stumping the
State in company and each professes a good
degree of confidence. The Republicans have
a majority ot eleven on joint ballot in the
present Legislature, which they are not likely
to lose.
Virginia and Mississippi elect Legislatures,
the former now having a “Conservative” ma
jority of 72, and the latter a Republican ma
jority cf 76.
The opposition journals of Canada, notably
the Torooto Globe, are freely criticising Lord
Lisgar lor his expression of approval of the
treaty of Washington, at Vanceboro. They
say that the endorsement was made for the
benefit of Sir John A. McDonald, and that
the Governor General, forgetting the proprie
ties of his station, has descended tc the posi
tion of a partizan politician. This rebuke to
the representative of “her sacred Majesty,”
the government journals regard as little short
of sacrilege.
A newspaper reporter has interviewed
M. Duruy, the founder of the Boston section
of the Internationale, and reports that there
Iffl TIOW 4»iorV> loan 1. _a
Twelve ol them are in Boston. The rest are
in Washington, Chicago, St. Louis, San Fran
cisco and Boston. The society owns twenty
papers In different languages.' Instead of be
ing a secret society, as commonly believed,
opposition to such organizations is one of its
cardinal principles.
A Chicago paper calls for the indictment
of Gen. Sheridan and the Mayor for the mur
der of Coi. Grosvenor, who was shot in that
city the other night by an excitable student
who was o» guard. It wants to know wheth
er the people of Chicago are living under a
a civil or military government.
Slavebx being now abolished in Brazil, it
exists nowhere in America except in Cuba
and Porto Rico. No doubt the present con
■titutional government of Spain would be
lad to remove this sole remaining affront to
liberty in the Western hemisphere, but the
Caban planters and “Volunteers” have taken
the affairs of that island into their own hands.
The President has done the light thiDg in
relieving ex-Congressman Stokes from his po
sition as- Revenue Collector, though the latter
says he can disprove all the charges against
him.
Thh Republicans of St. Louis want the
*t*xt National Republican Convention held
in that city.
prominent New
cage for many h“ *°ld larSely t0 Chi'
With some of the LTu f ter a consultation
that city, said on Sam^l™.'r
mate fixes the actual destrue! gh
by the fire at about seventy ^"e" m u pr°perty
that the insurance tberenn m'"ions, and
fifty millions,
probab y be paid An wuich will
ance in the same cTtv °f ins
that exertions are making among®^
insurance companies,especially St
have not suffered by tbefire to T,L‘Cu
which are weakened by lone»
to pay up every dollar, to the end"^!
1
lull justice may not only be done to the policy
holder, hut that the principle of insurance
may be honorably established in tbe United
Stales, and that all companies hereafter may
rest upon such a firm basis as to secure the 1
public confidence._
Tlac Proem Qweation* Affecting Public
Prosperity.
A LECTURE BY SECRETARY BOUTWELL.
The following are the more important
points in the lecture delivered in Boston last
week by Secretary Boutwell:
The speaker said he would consider some
of the
ERRORS WHICH THE LABORING MBN COM
MIT,
and first, they look to labor organizations for
general and permanent good. These organi
zations are not to be denounced, and they
have the right to say what the price of labor
should be; but the good actomplished by this
is only temporary. Second, they fl spend
too much time in considering whether they
should labor six, eight or ten hours a _ day.
As the employers come to ascertain their in
terests this will be settled. In the mines and
in unhealthy pursuits the man should per
haps labor but six hours a day; but in otber
employments, where health and life are not
endangered, the man can work a greater num
ber ci hours. They commit a wrong—not an
error merely, bat a great wrong—when they
attempt to dictate to tbe employer the num
ber of hours they are to labor or the trade one
must adopt. Cannot a youth be a stone ma
son if he chooses? Is it not tbe right of a
young man to enter any pursuit he pleases
without dictation from laboring men? There
is but one general way for laboring men to
obtain full justice, and this is by co-operation.
There are two kinds ot co-operation. One is
among themselves, and the other is in rela
tion to the employers. If you go into the
manufactories at Worcester and other places
and ask who would be accepted in a co-oper
ative organization, some would b« rejected;
and if you would go to the employers, the
same result would transpire. What does it
mean It means that some persons are not
onnahln n.A.1r T.,.. 4Ua ka^afit aC
through co-operative organizations. Conse
quently there are some who must he elevated
to the benefits received by co-operation. This
can be produced by education in its broadest
sense. The only way to elevate the laboring
classes is by education in the public schools,
supported by general taxation. Tbe schools
that are supported in any other way are in
efficient.
Mr. Boutwell then referred to another sub
ject of interest, namely,
THE TENURE OF LAND.
In England the opinion is strong that a man
should not cultivate a temirc of land without
being a proprietor. If all tbe population of
the United States were crowded into Texas
and all other parts cf tbe country left unpop
ulated, there would not be so many people to
the square mile as there arc in Massachusetts.
Why should any man, because he happens to
be in tbe possession of land—by will or oth
erwise—say to what use that land shall be
put when he is dead Tour laws should for
bid a man saying by testament or other
means what use the laud should be put to
when he is dead. Auolher evil in relation to
the land question is
THE POWER AND PRACTICE OF RAILROAD
COMPANIES
to purchase laud which is not necessary for
the business ot the road. Why should rail
road companies be permitted to buy coal re
gions and prevent people from getting a live
lihood from owning the land and reaping
some of tbe benefits from its products? An
incident evil is that the railroad companies
arc able to iuvest their surplus proSts without
the knowledge of the public.
He then proceeded to discuss transporta
tion, first by railroads and then by ships. He
believed the railroad system at present in this
country included about fifty thousand miles,
and was established to transport passengers
and freight; and it is for tbe interest of the
public that they keep down te tbeir legitimate
business, and that they transport freights and
passengers at the very lowest rates compati
ble with the interests of the proprietors.—
Tbere is one point on which the laboring man
is concerned. In England Parliament passed
a law requiring the roads to convey persons a
certain distance from the city for one shilling,
and there should be such a law in Boston, so
that the workingman can get the free air and
establish for himself a home away from the
dirty city.
THE INTERNAL INTERESTS
of this country are fifteen times as great as
those of its external commerce. There are in
the West large amounts of grain and other
products to be shipped East, and it is import
ant that it should be done at the very lowest
cost, as it increases the comfort of the labor
er in the East as well as in the West, and no
man will doubt the propriety of this princi
ple. Mr. Beutwell then referred to
THE TRANSPORTATION BY WATER
to other countries, remarking that it was a
deplorable lact that of tbe one hundred and
lorty merchant vessels that sail between this
country and Europe not one was under the
American flag. Great Britain is taking pos
apbsion of the eomruerco of the world. 'I'his
is humiliating. How is it to be remedied?
No more wooden ocean ships ought to be
built. Sailing vessels built of iron are no
longer wanted, and the only vessels that can
compete with other commerce are iron steam
ships. Hespokeof the advantage we have
over England in our iron, as being ten per
cent, better,and referred to tbe navy as it now
is, claiming that it is larger for the purposes
of peace than is necessary. The question 13
not as to tbe size or armament of a vessel at
Mexico or Corea; but the flag under which
it sails represents 40,000 people, who will not
n.lr amrtliina wmnrr nor will th&v eiilvmit tr» I
anything wrong. Be then referred to the
suggestion that if the duties on some ol the
materials for building ships were removed we
would he relieved, claiming to some extent
that it would be so, but that it would neces
sitate the removing of the duties from other
article!, and the government cannot afford to
do that. We ate looking to
SPECIE PAYMENTS,
and would.it not be well, said the speaker,
if the transportation of our products to and
fro was in the bands of American shipbuild
ers? He spoke upon the subject of the pub
lic debts, which, in Europe, were increased at
a fearful ratio. The deb's of Europe and the
United States a few years since amounted to
$7,000,000,000. To-day they reach $23,000,
000,000. He argued against the project of
postponing the payment of the debt, thinking
it was best to grapple with it now, and gave
the capitalists a sharp rap for endeavoring to
shirk, as they sometimes do, their real 3hare
ol the burden. He closed with some excel
lent advice to the young, who are to rule this
country when it contains 100,000,000 people,
warning them against some of the mistakes
men in the past have made.
Tenacity of Lift.
The 231 day of this mouth I found a medium
sized butterfly in my room, of a dark variegat
ed color, very lively and bcautiiul. I thought
I would kill him and prevent bis freezing to
death, and to I severed his bead from bis body
with sharp scissors. But after this operation
he continued to flap his beautiful wings and
stand upon his legs; and the head was as lively
as the body, moviDg his antenom and making
other motions. Neither part seemed willing
to die, and so to put him out of misery I stuck
a pin several times through his body and gave
him up for dead. While reading the Peess in
the evening five hours after the head was cut
off, it was lying upon the table as full of life as
beloro it was severed from the body. This led
me to look at the body which was carefully
placed in another room for the purposo of pre
serving it because it was so beautiful. To my
great surprise I found it upon the floor, stand
ing erect and moving bis wings geutly as if he
was on a flower ia a summer's day. At ten
o’clock, some eight hours after tbe creature
bad been cut into two parts, life in cipher was
apparently as far from being extinct as it was
when tbe beheading was performed.
I placed both parts on tbe table and retired.
Tbe next morning, at 7 o’clock both head aDd
body were “still alive.” Before noon the feel
ers ceased to move and tbe head was apparont
ly dead, having lived some 20 hours after being
severed from the body. It is now 8 o’clock P.
M., and tbe body is alive and the wings are iu
motion. How long it can live without a head,
Heaven only knows 1 retire again at 10
o'clook P. M., and the headless body has life
and motion. The next morning it was Btill
alive, hut had not power to move its wings yet
it could stand upon its legs. Evening came
and it was a live creature, hut could not stand
and yet its body and legs moved. It has now
lived about forty hours since it has been with
out a head, and it may live till morning, 12
linnso lnnvn. A it A i A nntil OA
hours longer, and is still alive. I leave it alive
for l am tired of watching it.
Thus has lived this headless butterfly more
than GO hours in the pure air on tho shore of
Lake Sebago. Will Prof. Morse throw some
light on this subject? B.
The Sous of Tfmpeeanc*.—The Grand
Division Sons of Temperance, met at Rich
mond, Oct. 25tb, it being the annual session
for the choice of officers. After the usual pre
liminary bmsiness, and reports from the offl
cers, the following officers for the ensuing year
were elected and duly installed, viz: Joshua
Nye, Augusta, G. W. P.; Mrs. Bella A. Small,
Waterville. G. W. A.; H. K. Morrell, Gardi
ner, G. S.: John S. Kimball, Bangor, G.
Treas.; R. F. Tallman, Richmond; G. Chap.;
D. Sampson, Richmond, G. Con.; John C.
Campbell, Pembroke, G. Sen. A change in
the constitutien was made, allowing but two
sessions a year, instead of quarterly as hereto
fore, those to be bolden in Juno and October.
The next session is to be bolden in Dexter, the
next annual session in October next in Port
land. By report of the grand officers, we learn
that the order is in fair condition, fully bolding
its own, some lodges doing nobly, some others
not so prosperous as in former times.—Kenne
bec Journal.
A W isconsiu man reported that he couldn’t
find a word ia the dictionary, because ”tba
blasted book hadn't got an index.”
Gen. Robert Anderson.
The death ol Gen. Robert Anderson was au
louaced in a brief dispatch in our last issue as
iccuriing at Nice, France, Thursday evening,
5ct. 20.b. Gen. Anderson has been in feeble
tealth since tbe first year of the war, which
arevented his mote active participation in a
ion test in which be was the first military man
f Dot the first in auy public capacity, to so
londnct himself as to extort the praise and ad*
miration of bis countrymen. Gen. Anderson
was born io Kentucky in 1806, and was conse
quently about 60 years of age at tbe time of bis
death. He entered West Point in 1821, gradu
ated in 1823, and was appointed Second Lieu
tenant in tbe Third Artillery. Before joining
bis command be acted as private Secretary to
the United States Minister at Colombia. He
joined bis command in tbe fall of 1826, and
from that time until the retirement continued
in the service in some responsible position.
In 1832 lor a few months be served as Colonel
and Assistant Inspector cf the Illinois Volun
teers, called out by tbe Black Hawk war,when
Abraham Lincoln was captain. In 1835 be
was ordered to West Point as Assistant In
structor and Inspector of the Academy, and
remained there two years, until tbe breaking
out of the Florida war in 1837,where he served
until its close with distinction and was twice
promoted. In Mexico be took part in the
siege of Vera Cruz, tbe battles ol Cerro Gordo
and Molino del Rey, being severely wounded
in the latter, and brevetted Major for gallan
try. Up to 1861 he rasumed the usual routine
of bis previous army life, and tbe outbreak of
tbe rebellion found him a Major of tbe First
Artillery,commanding the defences of Charles
ton harbor. The history of his evacuation of
Fort Moultrie and bis brave and long contin
ued defence of Foit Snmter is fresh in the
memory of all our readers. Its result was
Major Anderson’s promotion to Brigadier
General U. S. A., and his appointment to tbe
command of the department of the Cumber
land—all in 1861. Tbe next two years were
enmnf in “tpuilintr nrdert ortrl Oi»f. 97 1 ft/a!?
he was retired from active service “for disabil
ty resulting from long and faithful service, and
wounds and disease contracted in the line of
duty.” February 3, 1865, ho was brevetted
Major General TJ. S. A. for bis defence of Fort
Sumter. Gen. Anderson was the translator
from the French oi “Instructions for Field Ar
tillery-Horse and Foot,” in 1840, and of
“Evolutions of Field Batteries" in 1860—both
valuable works, and used in tbe service of tbe
United States.
matters at the Capital.
Augusta, Oct. 28,1871.
7b the Editor of the Press:
Tbe Executive Council closed its session this
forenoon. The following nominations were
made by the Governor:
For Cumberland County.—M. D. L. Lane,
Portland, Judge Superior Court. Henry Deer
ing, Portland, Justice Peace and Quorum.
For Audroscoggin County.—A: Waterhouse,
Durham, Justice Peace aDd Quorum.
For Franklin County.—Beuj. F. Atkinson,
Farmington, Dedimus Justice.
For Kennebec County.—Colby C. Cornish,
Winslow, Justice Peace and Quorum. Charles
H. Barker, Wayne, Justice Peace and Quor
um.
For Penobscot County.—Horace J. Nicker
son, Orrington, Justice Peace and Quorum.
Abner B. Chase, Winn, Trial Justice.
For Piscataquis County.—Geo. W. Pratt,
Foxcroft, Justice Peace and Quorum.
For Washington County.—E. B. Harney,
Calais, J ustice Peace and Quorum.
State at Large.—Wm. H. Bolster, Wiscasset,
to Soiemnixe Marriages; Peter Heavey, Lewis
ton,to Solemnize Marriages;Edwin A. Harlow,
Cape Elizabeth, to SoiemDize Marriages.
Fred. G. Kinsman, aged nine years, son of
F. W. Kinsman, fell from a staging where be
was at play this morning and broke bis leg, tbe
large bone below the knee. Tbe fracture was
reduced by Dr. H. H. Hill.
There seems to be a malady going abont
among horses in this vicinity, several having
died from some unknown diseaso, within a few
days. _Mittimus.
A Clergyman Murders his Wife.—All
England is agitated by the discovery of a pecu
liarly awful tragedy which occurred recently in
Stockwell. On the 8th, a murder was commit
ted in that place, and was attended by fright
ful circumstances, the murderer being tbe Rev
Mr. Watson, a clergyman well-known in Lon
don, having for upwards of twenty-five years
filled tfce important position ot bead-master of
the Stockwell Grammar School. The victim
of tbe crime is his wife, a lady about 62 years
of age, and the body remained concealed in
the bouse for three days before it was found.—
The crime was brought to light by the attempt
ed suicide of the murderer, and all mystery,
except as to the motive, is disposed of by the
following letter, which was addressed to Dr.
Rugg by Mr. W atson:—“In a fit ot fury I have
killed my wife. Often and often have I en
deavored to restrain myself, but my rage over
came me,aDd I struck her down. Her body
will be fouDd in the little room over the libra
iy.” Iu tlie meantime, the lernnt ffiel Kn.l
noticed the absence ot Mrs. Watson, but was
told by tbe hnsbaod that sbe bad gone into the
country on a visit. On examining the house
the body was found in tbe room indicated, tbe
bead having been beaten almost to a jelly. Mr.
Watson had attempted suicide by taking poi
son, aDd was slowly recovering when tbe sur
geon was called in. He is now in custody.
The Brotherhood or Locomotive Engin
eers.—Tbe Grand Division of this Order wai
in session at Toronto last week, aud tbe meet
ing was not ODly pleasant but much business
was transacted. There are 136 subordinate di
visions in tne country, and 128 ot them were
represented in the Grand Division. During
the meeting the engineers were invited on an
excursion over the Northern Railroad and up
Lake Simcoe to Allandale, where a grand ban
quet was held. Addresses were made by Arch
bishop Lynch, of Toronto, President Eobinsom
of the Northern Railroad, and a number of
M. P. P.’s, and prominent railroad men. The
brethren of the Grand Division showed them
selves good speakers at well as good mechan
ics. The officers for the ensuing year are:
C. Wilson. Cleveland, Ohio, re-elected G. C.
E.; C. II. Sherman, Dunkirk, N. Y., re-elect
ed F. G. E.; R. Peaison, Toronto, re-elected
S. G. E C. Fellowes, Cleveland, Ohio, re
elected F. G. A. E.; P. M. Arihur, Aihanv,
N. Y., re-eltcted S. G. A. E.; 11. Smith, Car
oudelet, Mo., T. G. A. E.; II. W. Fenner,
Woicester, Mass., G. G.; J. Ray, Sunbury,
Pa..Grand ChaplaiD. The next convention
will be held at St. Louis. Mo., on the third
Wednesday in Ootoher, 1872.
The Repogt of the Citizens’ Committeh
of New Yoke.—The committee chosen at the
suggestion of the Ring to investigate in con
nection with the aldermen the affairs of the
city have reported at length and quite adverse
ly to the Ring. As this committee was made
up by the friends of the Ring, its results are
damaging In the extreme. The following are
the conclusions of the committee:
1. The debt of our city is doubling every two
years.
2. $3,200,000 have been paid for repairs on ar
mories and dri'l-rooms, the actual cost ol which
was less tban $250,000.
3. Over $11,000,000 have been charged for
outlays on an unfinished court-house,for which
building completed an honest estimate of real
cost would be less than $3,000,000.
4. Safes, carpets, furniture, cabinet-work,
painting, plumbing, gas and plastering have
coat $7,289,466 81, which are valued by compe
tent persons, alter a careful examination, at
$624,180 40.
5. $460,000 have been paid for $48,000 worth
of lumber.
6. The printing, advertising, stationery, &c.,
of the city and county, have cost in two years
and eight months $7,168,212 23.
7. A large number of persons are on the pay
rolls of the city whose services are neither ren
dered nor required.
8. Figures upon warrants and vouchers have
been fraudulently altered, and payments have
repeatedly been made on forged indorsements.
With these facts before them, your Commit
tee are compelled to report to you that, in their
judgment, frauds and robberies of the most iu
famons character have been committed with
the connivance and co-operation of some of
the officials who were appointed to guard the
interests of the people.
The condition of the City and County finan
ces, as shown by these investigations, has served
to destroy all confidence in the management of
the present city officials.
The following will give some idea of the ex
tent of the Ring’s robberies in a few cases:
Alleged Beal
value. value. Stolen.
Davidson’s safes $482,537 72 $63,450 00 $410,087 72
Smith’s carpets. 041,900 49 16,876 90 623,023 59
Ingersolt’s luini
nburo. 2,960,187 01 308,551 50 2,651,635 51
Hall’s palatine. 352,965 70 89,500 00 263,465 70
Kevaer’s nlumli
ing. 914,*30 C5 73,752 00 840,578 05
Garvey’s plas
tering. 1,937,545 24 70,050 00 1,807,495 24
Total.$7,289,400 81 $024,180 40$6,665,283 41
Augustus Melutire, while sitting on the rail
road track Friday evenimg, between Salem acA
Lowell was run over and killed.
State JNewss.
ANDIiOSCOGGIN OOCKTT.
Mr. Roys, a member of Myers Huntley’s
theatrical company who was taken danger
ously ill at a performance in Lewiston is dead.
The Masons, with tbeir accustomed thoughtful
care, took charge of the remains of the deceas
ed, says the Lewiston Journal.
The County Commissioners of Androscoggin
have located a mew road lrom Lewiston to
Danville Junction, which will be about five
miles in leDgtb, requiring a bridge over the
Androscoggiu 740 feet loug. The Journal says
it is thought that the bridge and road will he
built a year lrom Dext summer, should a cot
ton mill ho erected on the Little Audroscoggin
Water Power Dext season. Should no mill be
built, it is UDlikely that tbo new road would be
constructed, as doubtless it would be dispou
tinued.
The Journal says a private letter from Mr.
J. B. Murray, foimerly of Greene, now in Chi
cago, gives an account of his narrow escape
from the great fire, barely saving a portion of
his personal effects; two nights spent upon the
prairie ceneath a drenching rain, and his sub
sequent severe illness in the hospital, iroui
which he is just recovering. He reiteratea the
story of suffering endured by thoBe who sought
protection on the bleak prairie.
AROOSTOOK COtT-dY.
Tbo prospectus lor a new caper to be pob-
lisbed at Cariboo and Fort Faiifit-ld has been
issued. It is to be called 'be Nnrih Star,”
and will be published weekly by W.T. Sleeper
Sc Son. The Star is to be independent And de
voted to all the best interests of the communi
ty. The first number is to be issued the first
of January.
The distance from Bangor to Vanceboro is
114 miles, to McAdam Junction 120, and Hnui-
ton 167, nine hours ride by rail. Pa seengei s
can now take the cars In Houltou at 9 o’clock
a. m., and arrive in Portland the same night.
The Houltou Times relates the following in- 1
oident of the President, on his ride to Valice
boro: At Dan lor til where be shook hands
with tlie crowd assembled to greet him, one
old lady 9book his band and immediately ex
claimed, “Thank the Lord that. I have lived
loDg enough to shako hands with a live Presi
dent."
CUMBERLAND COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says Mr. Beojamin
Rowe, a deaf mute, ot New Gloucester, was
seriously injured last week on the M. C. ex
tension He was walking on tbe trace when a
construction train, going in the same direction
struck him in tbe back, kuoeking bim from tbe
track and cutting bis bead badly. It is doubt
ful it he recovets.
The Cumberland County Musical Associa
tion held a convention at New Gloucester, tdo
24th and 25tb, under tbe direction of Mr. David
Mclntirc, of New Gloucestor, Mr. O. D.
Slinolifield, of Lewiston, pianist.
OXFORD COUNTY.
Mr. Charles Plummet’s bouse, barn and oth
er buildings will) their contents, in Waterford,
were totally d“8troyed by tire last Thursday
forenoon. No insurance. Origin of the fire
unkrown.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig, in mentioning the acci
dent by which Mr. Burrell was crushed to
death, (as stated in the Press of Saturday) save
Burrells brother, who was a section baud on
the Maine Central, dropped dead by his chair
as he was sitting down to dinner at Carmel,
Arne two years since.
The Whig says Mr. Edward Beetbam, of
Chester, died last week at the great age of sue
hundred and three years, having been born in
June, 1768. His funeral was largely attended,
and many very aged people were present. The
luneral sermon was preached by Elder Gotten,
of Enfield, who has attained the advanced age
of ninety-six years.
SPECIAL NOTICES
SKATES!
Sole Agent in tho United states for the celebrated
Acme Club Skates.*
Also a full line of Wood Top Skates, at wholesale
and retail.
O. L. B AXLES’, 48 Exchange street.
ocS1) eod sn
The ITIeana of Escape.
The fall has many perils for the weak and feeble,
and its sudden atmospherle changos are trying to the
constitutions of even the robust. Tho chilling tem
perature of the nights, as compared with the almoEt
summer warmth of the days, necessarily exercises
an unhealthy influence on all who are exposed to it.
Hencegdysentery, diarrhoeea, (intermittent fevers,
bilious attacks, and derangements of all the secre
tions, are eommon at this season. Tho true way to
escapo them is to meet the causes with a protective
and invigorating medicine. Hostettei’s Stomach
Bitters are designed lor this exigency. Ibis power
ful vegetable specific relieves the system ol all acrid
humors, purifies the fluids, tones the teeretive or
gans, promotes healthy evaporation through the
pores, increases the activity of the digestive func
tions, cheers tho spirits, and regulates the bowels.
To do this is to maka the whole body vigorous, and
proof against tho vicissitudes ot temperature, and
against malaria. A course of the great tonic and al
terative is therefore in all cares advisable as a pre
ventive at this season. If, on the other hand, the
mischief is already done, and intermittent or remit
tent fever is actually present, or the liver, bowels,or
stomach disordered,there is no medicine so certain to
effect a quick and thorough cure as this harmless and
agreeable preparation.
NOTICE
TfaE
PRICES.
Kerosene Stand Lamps cemplete, 50 cenls.
Regular Price, 75 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps complete, 00 cents.
Regular price, 85 cents.
Kerosene} Stand Lamps, complete, 75 cents.
Regular price, $1,00,
Kerose ne Stand Lamps, complete, $1.00
Regular price, $1.25.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.50,
Regular price, $2.00.
Kero’seDC Stand Lamps, complete, $:}.00
Regular price, $4'00.
ALL WITH THE MOST APPROVED
BURNERS AND SHADES.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, 85c Regular
price 1.00
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, 1.00 Jtegular
price $1.25.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces. $1.25; Regular
jfrice 1.75.
Tumblers per doz. 65 cts. Regular
price 85c.
Tumblers per doz. 75c. Regular
price l.OO.
Tumblers per doz. 1 OO. Regular
price 81.2*.
Tumblers per doz. 1.25. Regular
price 1.50.
Tumblers per doz. |t.50. Regular
price 2.00.
Goblets per dozen, OOc.
Rsgnlar price 1.10
Goblets per- dozen, 1.00
Regular price 1.25
Goblets per dozen. 1.10
Regular price 1.35
Goblets per dozen, 2.00
Regular price 2.50
Goblets, Cut, tier doz. 5.00
Regular price 6.00
Bowls, Nappies, Dishes, &c., at
Correspondingly Low Prices
Cali and Examine,
Cogia Hassan,
129 Middle
-AND
6 Temple st.
October 26-dtt
HALFOMB
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made In any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Bale la Portland by
818 E NEVA N8.
LEA PERRIN'S SAUCE.”
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It lin roves appetite and digestion,and it i.
aled lor its flavor. a 1118 unn*
We are directed by Mcssis. LEA PERPmu t„
prosecute ad
‘>"g|g8nCul Agents, New York
POH
THE new two atory French root house In.t
islied, on Cushman st.j house piped tor
and all Hie modern improvements. Enouire nn
premises or No 25 Emery st. j. ,9“ a®
sepftdtt bc rjX*
N O T 1 C
All Parties wishing to visit Chicago, to m.
rains ol tho Great Conflagration, or otherwise
should call al Grand lrunk Ticket Office, “no" he
Preb'e House, where tickets can ho had at lowest
rates.
of.lTti'sn_D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
SEEOs SEEdI
2000 SSISSfflWsass;'
KENDALL WHITNEY.
Portland, 8ept 2,1871. iep2dtf Is
_SPECIAL NOTICES.
rJTO THE I. kDIliS
Your nKnitiouJis called to an Invoice of
English, French and German
FANGY GOODS!1
rust leevived Irom New York, and now open for your inspection at our[Store in Morton
Jlock, Congre*s St., (just above tbe Preble House,) cousistir.g in part of a full line of
Malta and Thread Laces.
Lace and Linen Collars and Cuffs
Lace and Hemstitch Handkerchiefs.
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
tiimpgi, Fringes iinrt Buttons to match,
And uu (Xtcii.ivc nn.ortmrut of LADIES9 Fll RNINHING GOODS, IIOSIEUY I
and GLOVES, EfflBROIDEBIES, Ac.
It will be our aim to meet the wants of our customers at all times with the most desirable and stylish i
Goods ot the season, as we have made arrangements wnereby we can receive goods from the New York
in«l Boston market every day. By suict atUniiou to business we I eel confident ot pleasing those who
may^tavor us with their patronage. Respectfully. I
Nelson Co.f Congress st,
Morton Block, Old stand Pray Smith.
r. S. All goods warranted as lepresented, and at the lowest market prices. oc2J-sndt
—-i
Home Securities
BONDS

OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH ‘AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THEE. &N. A. RAILWAY is completed trom
Bangor, Maine, to St. John. New Brunswick, a
distance ot 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 58
miles between Winn, Me., and the boundary line of
the State at Vanceboro*. On this portion the track
is now beiug la d, both from Winn eastward and
trom Vanceboro* westward, and the work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Th.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING THE UNITED STATES
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). Tbe population ot the
maritime Provinces is about ONE MILLION,
and all the land travel, freight, mails. <£c., between
them and the Unred States.will pass over this Trunk
line,which is WITHOUT COMPETITION.
Although not yet completed, tbe business of the
road is already far greater than its most sanguine
friends predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earningsIrom Local Basincss alone,
on the 56 miles completed in Maine, already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars, and will be largely increasing after Sept next
by the business io and Irom tbe Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tally as its
present large business and the immediate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires,—the Com
pany has issued its Bonds to tbe amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON ITS ENTIRE ROAD AND PROP
ERTY FROM WINN to VANCEBOKO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,000, and tbe only lien there
on is a mortgage to tbe city ot Bangor tor $1,000,000)
i^and, in addition thereto, by a FIRST AND
ONlit MORTGAGE ou
800,000 Acres of Land!
Said lands being tbe same granted by tbe State ot
Maine to aid the construction ot this road. They are
situated along tbo Penobscot and St. John rivers,
aul *are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially in ihe tertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district in tbe State,) are valuable
for farming lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with which they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as tbe State
or Rhode Island, wbich is 1306 square miles,) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ol the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security tor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lands to the
amount of
400 A cres to each Bond
also p’edged lo ensure the payment thereof.
T he Bonds are tor $1000 each, due March 1, ;i899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. 8. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
payable (£6 each) in London, England, it preferred.
SINKING FUND-All proceeds of sales of land,
as w«n ot timber nrh*r uroducts therefrom,
are. by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bougbt at ear or less; otherwise in
Cuited States, State or Municipal Securities. Aud
On July l, 1879, and annually tberealter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per cent, of the amount ot
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to tbe Sinking
Pnnd are to be invested a< above stated, and these
accumulations are solely for tbe purpose of addition
ally providing for the redemption of these Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ot securifg and strength. simi miiioniih.
these Bonds.
The Trustees are Hou. EIANNlBaL HAMLIN, ot
Baniror, Me and J. JSIKJAE THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa. 1
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par and Accrued Interest in payment lor
any ot the lauds at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor saie at
90 and A.-o/ned Intsrest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Bonds, and can be sent by Express and these re- i
turned by Express, tree of expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further particulars concerning
the connections aud business, with Maps, showing
the location aud lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELLAS MERRILL9
Principal Agent of the Company for the
gale off Roads,
BANGOR, MAINE,
oa to
SWAN 4k BARRETT,
Bankers aud Brokers,
lOO Middle Street,..,..Portland,
B3T*On completion (in lS72)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now buibh'ng. between St. John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will bo au unbroken line ot Railway
Rom Halifax to all tha chief cities of the United
States, and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
bo avoided, and about 36 hours’ time saved, from
New York, going to or coming Horn Europe, by
rail to or irom Halifax,— a large business in pas- j
■engers, mails and freight will thereby be auded t#
the traffic over the J2. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-8ucod tf
Stock k Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cihr will sell my
Stock and place of business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plank, Npan, Knees, Deck
ing, and Treenails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on JL. TAYLOR,
sept 19-sntt 176 Commercial st.
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Dantorth and Com
mercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
lylflsn 07 Exchange Street.
FOR
Portland.tf’s
Portland and Rochester R. R.fr**
State ot Maine. C’s
Bath. 6’«
The 6 per cent Bonds of the Leeds and
Farmington Railroad Company, Princi
pal and iuterest guaranteed by the Maine 1
Central Railroad Co.
Iff. M, PAY SON,
33 Exchange st., Portland.
aug22 SU
£n VO rx nr w
K?. f? Eiljlit
Anticipating leaving the city now otters his entire
Block ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods j
it great bargains, and will continue the sales only
antil he sells his b.use. (See advertisement by Geo. r
II. Davis Co.) Wow is your time to make your g
Fall and Winter purchases.
jyCome early and avoid the rush. sepT-snti
Lorillard Insurance Comp’y
The following Circular has been received from the
Reeeiv.r ol the Company:
‘•Having bocn appointed Receiver of the Lorillard
Fire Insurance Company, you will please forward to
at loi cancellation, all policies issued by you, wltb
>ut delay. The unearned premiums will be reiurn- Ii
:d pro rata. P
CARUSLK NORWOOD, ci
Receiver ol the Lcnllaid h ire Insurance Comp'y. ai
Of*policy-holders are reqdested to hand in their
Policies lor cancellation immediately.
L. S. TWOMBLY. Ageul,
tc2Gsnlw 30 Exchange ?t., np stair..
FOR SSA.M-E
AW interest in ou*o< the best Dental business in
Boston; established, completely and elegantly
urnlshsd; desirably located ami pays au income of 1
rom $6000 to $8000 a year. A desirable opening for c*
i man acquainted, or desirous el learning the busi
ies9 and having $3,500. Terms reasonable.
Apply to LANGLEY BLKKY.
oc‘27dlw* 15 Congresis st., Boston.
To Let,
THE southerly teuement in Cammett Ulock, India
itreet containing 13 rooms, Seuagoo water, &c. Fos
icssion given Noy 1.
Also a tenement containing 10 room?, No It Oak H
itreet. Apply to J
JAS. R. LUWT CO, Druggists, M
>c28dlw sn 348 Congress st. ol
Sterling ^Exchange.
Hills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
ASD THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And all its Branches.
For sale In turns to sslt, by
T. B. BROWN SONS,
Jel3-sntt9? Exchange g|.
GRAHAM FLOOB
OF A SUPERIOR QU 4LITY I
Fresh from the mill. Also the celebrate!
P O S T JB L S
And Other Choice Brand*.
MI AAV, BiJUIOND Ac CARNEY,
oc9-d3m
PIANO ROOMS,
L'ahoon Black, next City Hall, CongrCM M
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
4 Ul PnrlJI Jao<1 tbe eluant Jkwktt A
1W tDLn PIANO FORTES
aiso otner standard makers ail sold at tne lowest
reduced prices. oc'i&tntf
THE
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBEST
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
Tlios. P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STREET.
This Bed is pronounced by all all who hare used it
Lo be superior to onv other ever offered to the public
The Manufacturers make the offer to guarantee
perfect satisfaction to every purchaser of this article.
Also Manufacturers of
Chamber Sets
And Dealer, ia all kind, af
FURNITURE.
QC13tf
INSURANCE AGENCY OF
W.D«Lillle&€o.
Office 49 1-2 Exchange at
Portland, October 23d, 1871.
In consequence of the severe losses sustained by
be Chicago Conflagration tin
North American,
AND
Merchants Insurance
COMPA IVY’S,
OF HARTFORD,
Are under the necessity of calling in all their out
it&nding Policies.
All persons holding policies in tbsse Companies are
tzain requested to band them into our office for can
dilation, and we will place the risk with another
lafe company it desired.
W. D. LITTLE CO., Agents.
ic9Tud&wtt
NOT ALWAYS
Citings are not always what they seem,
But lometimss cheat by a false glare
roo oiten like a pleasant dream,
Which, waking, “vanishes in sir";
Ren who of hoarded wealth may boast.
Though thousands they posess to day.
Ln one short hour may see all lost,
And “their possessions swept away.M
3ut Boys may find at Georze Fenuo's.
▲t prices low. a “Suit ot Clothes,'*
"oat, Pants, Vest. Hat aud Shoes complete,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street.
Boston, Oct 27._ sn4w
GOLD JDUST!
A11 lovers oi CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
or this CELEBRATED BRAND. sepSUSmo la
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STJItE,
Fluent Block,
_sep27-sneodtfExchange st.
IV O T I O E
rHE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 22t
Congress street, has removed back tot be eld
itand on Exchange street, where I will still manu*
acture the choicest brands of cigars. I will invite
ill my customers and triends in general to call and
famine my goods and get posted on the prices. I
lave all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brands
>t Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor enes
van ted. K. PONCE, No. SO Exchange Sc.
yl-tt
Procure Tickets
W. D^Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETIAGENOT
Travelers for California
,nd the Weil, Mouth and .Vorthwe.l, may ob
ain IbrauRi. Tiebrla, by the beat aud aia.l
ellable route. Irom Portlaid. or notion, or
tew York, to auv point denied at the laweat
alea at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
W. D. LITTLE 4b CO.,
Once 40 1-li Exchange Ot.
Reliable information cbeerluliy furnished at
H timer. _au2«d it ,n
EXCHANGE
-OK
England, Scotland andj Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
AMD
steady for Immediate Delivery!
IN SUM5JTOJSUIT 1
WM. E. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Isent lor Henry Clcvra A Cu., I*. V.
June 27-tt
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays tor Yon rig Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
nd ABUSES, which iotcrlere with MARRIAGE—
nth Bare nicanw of rt’ief tor the Erring and Unfor
mate. Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, 8. Ninth St., Pbiladel-
bia, Pa. Jy26-Bxtng
CARD.
_ j
Portland, October, lSTl.
Having relinquished the Agency for the Singer
lanufactoring Co'e., Sewing Machines to Messrs, j
fHEELOCK A SARGENT, we take pleasure la
icommeuding our lormer customers and the publia 1
literally to the above named firm.
0C24-JW WOODMAN, TRO E dt CO.
A'o Hore Wet Feet. i
Jable Screw Wire i
AS A FASTENING FOR I
BOOTS and SHOES, i
rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread aad 1
;gs. Besides inrnishiog ihe most durable, pliable
momical boot ever offered the public, It affords an 11
tide more nearly
WATERPBOOr
an ever before made of the same waiciia's.
■I Dealers aell Cable Merew Wired Gaade
Pateat Stamp an all. oeUin eodffar c
Printers'or Machinists
Wishing lor small STEAM ENGINES, from J
t.i 2 horse power, will And It to their advantage te
II on
J. B,
60 EXCHANGE STREET.
DEALER IN
’’•acliinist Tools and upplftes.
ocl4
1H0SB in want ot Plain or Faucy Job Printing
will find it to their advantage to call on Wv. M i
arks, at tbo Daily Press Job Printing OflW*#, Ka
Ange Street, Portland. It
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Batchelors Hair Ujc. Y
This safert> Hair J)ve islhe best in ibewnrW—,*r- L
»ct y baimlcr?. reliable ana ins an'aneous; uo ul» tc
pointment; no ridiculous tint* or disagreeable odor,
he getjum* Wm, A. Batchelor** Hair Dye praduc- sf
g IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Mown, leaves the hair clean, soli, beautiful; dues N
ot cootain a particle of lead or any injurious oorn
ound. Sold by all Druggist*. a
r KaC'orv, 16 BOND STREET, N.LY.
1,11 SN DnfcW 1Y
Ld Explanation, about tbe Greasy
Hose.
It was evidently the intention of the Committee
nd the Fire Department, to increase tlie cleiusing
•usiness, and lor the beuefitot tbo*s who were un
^rtunate to get tbeir doming grt ased. and all o bers
irho hav greasy, soiled or tadad clothing can have
hem Ueaneed and Dyed by steam,and pteueed
9 look as guo I as new. by cslting at the
•EBACO DTK WORK*.
oc27snd3t*ON PLUM STREET,
Ooupess and registered interest due Nev. 1 en
be Joint Bonds of the Lamoille Valley, Montpelier,
md St. Jobnsbury and Essex Co. Railroad Com pa* j
itee, composing the Vermont Division ot the Port
and and Ogdensburg It. R. Line, will be paid In
fold, tree ot United States tax, on and after Nor. 1,
it the First National Bank, Boston, and at the office
J Fairbanks Co., Financial Agents, 252 Broad
say^JSew Yo:k. ©c28 sn 8t 1
BOND ST:
j
Portland Municipal, O's
Portland 4 Id R. R. Os j
State ot ’Vfaine 6’s
St. Louis o’s j
Rockland Aid if. R. 0*s
European S. A. R. II. Gold 0’s
Portland A Oed. R. R. Gold O’s
Portland A Rochester R. R. 7’s
Chicago 7*8
Toledo 8’s
SOU SALS BY l
8WAJS HARRIETT,
Bankers Brokers,
lOO middle street.
oc23 8N' MW&F
HAKRIE D
In this s ty, Oct. 38. l«y P. J. Larrabee, Kiq., Char.
Claneey and Min Margaret Carney, both of Port
land.
In Denmark, Oct. 21. Geo. L. Small, ol Westbrook,
and Josephine Warren, of D.
In Plymouth, Oct 15. J. T. Locke, ot Westbrook,
anJ Mrs. R0oda8. Warren, ot bridgton.
In Durham, Oct. 25. John L. Williams, of XL, and
Martha Coombs, of Brunswick.
DIED.
In Brunswick. Oct. at, Thank Ini O. Springer, aged
85 years.
In Bowdoinbam, Oct. 29, Mrs. Susan D. Curtis,
aped 64 years.
In Peru, Oct. 10, Geo. T. Gammon, aged 17 years
10 months.
In Bethel, Oct. 3, Mrs. S. B. TwitcheU, aged 80 yrs.
In Minot, Oct 23, Mrs. Elizabeth Hodgkins, aged
81 years 10 months.
In Mt. Vernon Oct. 3, Mrs. Phebc, widow ol Jas.
Robinson, aged DO years 9 months.
DEPART CUE OFOCKAN STEAWKttS
NAME. WHERE PROM. DESTINATION.
Moravian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 28
Anglia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 28
Algeria.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 28
Ocean'c.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 28
Caledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 28
City ot London....New York..Liverpool.Oct28
Rising Star.New York.. Aspinwall.Oct 39
Wisconsin.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 1
China..New York..Livemool.Nov 1
St Andrew.Quebec.Glasgow.Nov 2
City ol Limerick...New York..Liverpool.N*v 2
Moro Castle.New York. .Havana..fNov 2
Samartian.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov 4
City of Brooklyn ..New York. .Liverpool.Nov 4
India.New York. .Glasgow.Nov 4
Cityoi Merida.New York. .VeraCruz....Nov 4
Abyssinia.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 4
Nevada.New York :Liverpool.... Nov 8
Oolumoia.New York .Havana.N iv 9
St Patrick.Quebec.Glasgow.Nov 9
Prussian. Quebec ....Liverpool.Nov 11
Cleopatra.New York..Havana.Nov 14
JZHuiamre Almanac...October 30.
Sun rises.6.51 Moon rises.6.75 PM
Sun Sets. 4 C6 High water.11.39 PM
MARINE NEWS.
*ORT OF PORTLAND.
Saturday* Oct. 38
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirigo, Johnson, New York, mdse 9r>
Henry Fox.
Steamer New England, Field, 8t John, NB, via
Eastport for Boston.
Ship Rochester, Clough, Bath, (to go into the dry
dock for repairs
Barque Rambler, (Br) Frazer, Picton, NS —eoal to
A D Whidden.
Brig Wild Horse, (Br) Macomber, Picton,—coal to
Jas L farmer.
8ch H Prescott, Merrlman, New York,—coal to H
L Paine Co.
Sch E?peransa. Adams, Gloucester.
Sch Tornado, Parrett. Eastport tor Boston.
Sch Goo Gilman. Gardiner. Calais tor Boston.
Seh Morelight. Young Calais lor New York.
Sch Roeket. Was*, Calais tor Marblehead.
Sch Olive Branch, Davis Cutler for New York.
Sch Gen Meade, Alien. Lubec tor New York.
Lexington, Kellock, Rockland tor Boston.
Sch CasteTane, Warren, Rockland lor Salem.
CLEARED.
Steamer Carlotta. Colby, Ualiiax, NS—John Per
teous.
Barque Florence Peters, Skinner, Malanzas-A L
Hobson.
Brig Eudorus, Cummings, Baltimore—Emery
Fox.
sun lasso,(Br) Delong, St John, NB—John Por
tcona,
Sch Telegraph, Woodard, Ellawortb, Eralarn
Packet Co.
Bcb Helen Maria, Prince, Camden and Bel Wet—
Eastern Packet Oo.
SAILED—Baiquea Everett Grey, and Anile*; brig
Wenonah. Eudorna scha Old Chad, Anaio tiller,
and about too wind bound ooaeter*.
Handily Oct. M.
ARRIVED.
Steamer John Brooke, Liacomb, Boston.
CdtHe winalmv. Wel.-h. Boston, to J 3 Win*,
low A Co to load lor Buenos Ayre*
Sch Martha A Brewer, Turner, Cape Cod—140 bbl*
mackerel.
Sch Lady Woodbury, Woodbury, Cape Cod.
Sch Bramball, Hamilton, Boston.
UUMBMTIC PORT*.
UALVBSTON—Cld 2Dt, brig Geo W Chase Ba
ron. New York.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 22d, ships J .1 Southard.
Bishop, LIvorpool; Prveman Clark, Koswortb, iron
Cardiff.
SAVANNAH—Ar 23d, seb Abby Dunn, Fountain.
DI X ll a
CM 24th,sell Monadnock. Hammond, Linden SC.
DARIEN— Ar 24th, icb S S Kick more, Barter, la,
Boston.
RI£«,MOND-Sld 2Bih, Kcb Bertha Souder, Woos
ter. Philadelphia.
GEORGETOWN-SU 24th, seh Maggie J Chad
wick. Mage. Providence.
NoHrmlkriMOKE-A' Mtt**h,P Uncle Joe, Btilplon,
CM 26tb ,ch (inward, Bunker, Boston.
Reed, N^Porlean* A
A^naM^rBa'/gm': N°rf0D>'cb
p UrloW|26. h, brig L‘je Hougbtou, Aadeieon, t>,n
Cld 2tiih, steamer Hereulo*. Wlnnet. Portland.
Ar at Delaware Breakwaser 22d. *eb Nellie Star,
Poland. Jamaica, tor orders.
NEW YORK—Ar 26tb. eebs Sarah HernIce, Proc
or, Musquash. N B; O.-pray. Crowley, St Jobs, NB;
LoCy«.U^.Sni,rlltdo: h B Small. Colbetb. sbulee,
NS; Sardinian. Boibrcok,Rockland: J K Lawrence,
rorrey Bangor; Velma, l ook, Addiaon; Nellie H,
Mai *ock, Eastport: J F Carver, Norwood, Calais;
Jmaha. Gage. Sullivan: Anna Elixabeth. Parker,
Bangor; Saml Fish, Davis. Boston lor Wilmingtou;
jiherub, Fletcher, Gardiner: Deborah Jones, Baker,
lo: Uncle Tom, liook. Addison; Ida Ella, Smith,
Pembroke: Alnomak. KennistoD, Rockland; Etf»
May,(new) JMx, Caais; E Nickerson. Nickerson.
Portland; Seventy-Six. Teel, Spruce Head; Son
team, Bunker. Providence; Calvin, Clark. F.lixa
jcthport lor Boston.
A lso ar 26th. brl* Eva N Johnson, Johnson, Port
aud 15 days: schs Mary a. Jellerson. fin Rockland:
UMa. Lombard, Rock port; A G Pease, Poitland;
reaxer. Hamilton. Bowd< inborn.
Ar *27ih, barques St Mary, Hallowed, Havre 40 ds;
dasonie, Morse, Bordeaux; C S Rogers, Dlekinvon,
hrecibo It days Antelope, Davis. St Croix: May 1
Itetson, Nichols. Brunswick, Ga: brigs J M Wisweil
ilpver, Montevideo Ella llnnson. Munson, Ma
ihiaa; schs C E Moody, Whittemeie, Para; Spartei,
Smith. Jacksonville for Now Haven; Ben. Davis,
Wilmington; Kivo Sisters. Cooper, Mach as; Alllo 1
Jakeo, Pillsbury, and G M Partridge. Bunker, Rock
and: Red Jacket, Averin, and Amelia. Ellems.de;
.■entile, Eldrldge. do: Ja« Lawrence, Toney, Gar
liner for Jersey City.
Passed through llell Gate CTih, brlga Tangtor. Car
isle. Port Johnson tor Bangor; Harp, Snow, do for
B«b*n»#lrout, do i#r Gtoueeeter; schs RingleM
ir, Snaire, oo lor Babgor; Kate Grant. Grant, do ter i
io; Senator Grimes, Pbilbrook. Ellaahethpert 1m i
Salem; Ruth 8 Hodgdon, Pendleton, New York Bar
jlonccfter; Challenge Terrcy, im Port Johnson for
Weetport.
Cld /7th, ship Alice M Mlnott. Lowell Havre: hrig
J F Nash. Nash, Daukirk; Abhie Cltffe.d, Cliff jrd.
Xio Janeiro; schs Carrie S Webb, Davis, Charleston;
Hsry Louise. Slapeon. Portland.
BRIDGEPORT—Ar ?«th, schs S II Tyler, Unskell.
in i H Whitney. Perkins Bangor.
NEW HAVEN—Ar26th, seh Penobscot. Coombs
Sangor.
NORWICH—ArSGtb. schs Altavela, Joy, Bangor;
if ary Lanedon. Bennett. Rockland.
UrdMer CKET”Ar 2T,h» *h H*nr!et‘*. White,
Hi tWTitV 1 na.t _
i'M oir.V A «'.r*'rnni, nilODOro.
8mlih’,,r n,w ,forki
A*,“JJ* ,ch S D Harr". Ilume, Port Caledonia.
CM»th. Mb George Albert Hamilton. Bangor.
SALEM—Ar 26th, acka John Tyler, Llmlaaj, nml
Intar o. Parsons,Calais lor New York; Park, Blown
laehlaa lor New Bedford.
ULOOCESTER—Ar 2Jtb, achs 8torm Petrel, Da
ta. Calais for New York; Faw Dealer, Kemtct, Eil»
rortb lor de.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Ar at Ba'aTla Inst, barque Wallace, Adams, ftn
lontevideo
Ar at Maalmaln Sept I, *hlp Arabia, Gage, Aden
ia Rangoon. g
Ar at Malaga 9th ln*t, brig Callao, Butknam, Lla-
on; lntb, Keyitone, Barter, Denia.
G i b r a 1 tar—Towed through the Straiti fith last. bill
toekton. Griffin, from Malaga for New York; Good
en* Craig, do tor do.
few Orleans P°°* y6th lnBl‘ P J Carl'on. Luce
tcidd“lcaus,lln* S1"’ barqaa C<,T'1,T'a?' Sandberg,
CM at Pictou I9tb, barque Rambler, Fraser, Port
•hnsv0vIiicUV bril' A.D wbidden, Bill,, Im Portland
a Luring, trom Bath.
,y.Nn. Yo?k“’ 2'th Kb K M Saw»er- Ka|
fTor steamer China, at New York.)
Deans. kliTerb°al W.h, John O Bak.r, 8p.«, „„w
En, for Id, l„h, J u Norwood, Hark.ms, for P,.
r Rio Janeiro: Montpelier I)iser do* HaroK «T^‘
trt, Wbite. Ualreston! Ita® uAoft^taSt
ewr WeaT."0Ck l'th' Ne,Ue Holllna, Im
SM loi Swansea 25: b. Clymping, tor Portland
Ar at Singapore Sept 8, Clara Ni.-hni.'?• t
h, E.cdi t, Nii'bola, Honi Kong Calcutla;
Bost<m: B‘Pt2
“,^'er A“g2J' a*nanS, While, Irom UoHo
Ar at Oporto 6tb in?f, Abbie C Tltcomb, Hall fiom
liiadelrbia.
Ar at Bordeaux 6tb init, Don Jn»«o. Averitl, Npw
Drh- l»tb, ourser. Warden, New Yom KmmaO
tchfield, Cr chert, do.
Sid iib uxhaven 12tb fn>t. Chas A Fai well, Moul
d New Y**rk.
Sid im Antwerp litli ic*t, Sami Larrabee, *hun>p
u. Savannah!
lu KRiuore Sound lOtb, Kenuebec, AH not t, irom
■‘■valor Leltb.
Old at Stockholm 6tb in»i, Martin W Brett, Blapcb
•d, boaton via Ciefte.
^EW ADVERTISEMENTS
NEVf
LAW BOOKS
VOS I1LB BT
LORIAG,
SHORT
IIA H R ON.
Lngel! A Ames on Corporations, Oth
edition, 7 50
ibbott’s U. S. Court Practice, 2 vols, 15 00
Lmerican Reports, Vols. 1 A 2, each 6 00
Lmerican Law Review, Subscription
per year, 5 00
tankrupt Register, 4 vols., 20 00
ienedict’s Admiralty, 2d ed., 7 50
Sigelow’e Life and Accident Insurance
Reports, vol. 1, 7 50
irowue on Statute of Frauds, 3d ed„ 7 50
lump’s Baukruptcy, 4th ed., 0 50
’hamberlalu’s Commercial Law—1371, 5 00
Cocke’s Common and Civil Law Prac
«ts>A A A4L
Durtis’s Conveyancer, 12 mo, 2d ed., 2 25
Danfell’s Chancery Practice, 4ih «d.,
3 vols., 22 50
Dwairis on Statutes, 7 50
Herman on Estoppel, 0 50
liangdell’s Leading Cases en Contracts, 7 50
Maine Civil Officer, 12mo, new ed., 3 50
Maine Reports, vol. 58, 4 00
Maine Revised Statuleg—1871, 4 00
Massachusetts Reports, vol. 103, 4 23
Ram on Facts, 6 00
Ram on Legal Judgment, 5 00
Redfield Bigelow’s Leading Cases on
Bills of Exchange, &c., 7 50
Redfield on Wills, 3d ed., 3 vols., 22 50
Schoulet’s Domestic Relations, 7 50
Sedgwick on Damages, 5th ed., 8 50
Shearman Redfield on Negligence,
2d ed., 7 50
Smith’s Leading Cases, 6th ed.,3 vols, 19 50
Story on Bailments, 8th ed., 7 50
Story on Sales, 4th ed., 7 50
Taney’s Circait Court Decisions, 7 50
Throop on Verbal Agreements, vol. 1. 7 50
United States Digest, vols. 28 20, ea., 6 50
United Slates Statutes at Large, vol. 10, 5 50
Virgin’s Supplemental Digest Me. Re
ports, m 5 50
Washburn’s Law Lectures, 12mo., 2 00
Wharton’s Precedents of Indictments,
3d ed., 2 vols., 15 00
Liberal discount made to the Profession.
We also have quite an assortment of second
hand Text Books and Reports. Lists seat by
mail on application. Second hand Libraries
bought. New Books exchanged for old.
LORING, SHORT HARMON,
ocl30dlw*wlt PORTLAND.
Keliable Insurance!
The OldPhoenix
Jns. Co., of Hartford,
CONNECTICUT,
“Rises trem the Ashes1’el the Chisago Fire with a
clean surplus et over
One Million Dollars,
And Is now, as heretofore, one of Ibe strongest com
panies doing tneintse m Maine.
Cash Snell Oct. 1st f 1,7X0,00*
Lasses as Clsleage ebewt 7*0 *0*
Capital and Oarpls. 1,0X0,00*
It will thus be seen that ills old company affords
as ample security te He Policy holders as aey other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as hereteleie en the most favernhla
terme. All lessee prompt'y adj.it ted and paid by
W. D. LITTLE Jb CO., Agent*,
Offee 49 1-li Bsckaage 91.
Oct 301a dJtwSvv
removal.
ItE DL ON SIMMS,
Hit* removed their
Broom Factory
....TO....
tliompkoa Block, am 47*49 Middle
Street. oc30t/
bherlfl's Sale.
Co MB EEL AND, 881
»|VAK.EK an execution and will b« sold at publio
A auction, on Saturc&y. the second clay of De
cember. A. D., 167*. at three o’clock in the afternoon
at the cfll-e of J. W. Porsaitb, in Brnnswiek, Id said
County, all tha right in Equity, which Charles L.
Thompson, ol Brunswick, In tha County of Uamber
l«r.d. had on the twenty-eight day ot Julv, a. D.,
l«7l, at two o'clock and Any minutes in the atter
nooe, when the same was attached on tha original
writ, to redeem tha following described Keel Es
tate, situated In B unswtek, in said County. t> wit:
a ceitain lotoflatiu in Brunswick, aforesaid, with
the buildings there*!', known as the Homestead
Faim ot the lats Jams* Duaning. beirg the same
premises convened to Thai It* ij.1 hompson by James
H. Dunning, by his Dead ol warranty, uated March
26, 18c2. aid recorded in the Cumberland Kefstrv ot
Dteds, Vol. 310. P*ge 329. Also by Samuel Dun
mug, by his Dee l ot Quitcla'm, excepting that part
sold Blake by Thompson, and a part called the Judy
Chase lot. sold to Jobn L. Swiit, the rest ot the tarm
being a tout one hundred acres
Also ore other lot ef land with the buildings there
on, situated in raid Brunswick, on '.he south side of
Noble stieet, and occupied by ihe said Charles A*.
Tbompsou. being the same conveyed by Waitsteii
W. Douglass, by his Deed ot warranty, dated Novem
ber 8, 1864, and recorded I u ihe Cumbciland Kcgis
ty oi Deeds, Vol. 32k, Page 166. The above premise#
being subject to a mortgage recorded in tbo Cum
berland Registry ot Deeds, Book K». Page 874, given
by the said Chat lea L Tbomps .n to tha Brunswick
Savingfl^lneituiion.to secure the payment ot a prom
issory note for three .thousand dollars, dated Mar h
1871, payable in one year with lotere-t, at eight
l»er cent, payable semi annually, on wbief> »hers Is
aow ant the sum oi Three Thousand DoJlwrs. with
n'crest an aforesaid.
Brunswick, Oct. 28. A. D„ 1*71.
)c30d3wM J. W. FOHSAilH, Deputy Sheriff.
GRINO TSUoK RAILWAY
CANADA.
Alteration ot Tralm.
WINTER ARRANGEMENT.
WVMJN.a V” ,mu,‘ “ffr Oct. Jo, mt,
lasrr-yMfS train. will rail uiolluw,:
Pa»»en*er train at 7.JO A. M. lor goath Part*
mil inUnncdiate si.Ilona.
MCI Train i.topping at all atationa) far Iil.nd
fond, connecting wIWi night mall train lor gnebao,
dontre.1 fad the Went, at 1.10 PM.
t*uSnS,ati»p,M Soulk Pari' a,d
train, will nrrlvn at follow,;
From South I’nn. and Lawutoa, at ,.15 A M.
"lJ“J**»““«*<.<l..l».,M»rh»ni. an. Banja*
Sleeping Can an nil night Train,.
rna Oontnnny ara .at raiponainia lar IW
nhaaucl exoaadlng |M tnivalae i and ihai peraoo
ll) unle,s no Bee I, (Ivan, and paid to, at lha ml. o<
n>a paeaenger for avarj ISMIadilttlanal vnlna.
Portland, Oct. $6. t«Vt. ocMislw-oatl
NOT1 C K
r,V6!n,,,f* T*ro 1,1 P«r«o»» against trailing Jo’m
A. Gallagher on njy account.
ec3o-dlw E. J. GALLAGHER.
3ST O TI C E
['DR Led.winters,ted In the "Portland Ladles'
nailer Aiaoclailoa" are requested to aaeet at the
•immon Council Iieom, City Building, ibis attei
oon at 3 o’clock._ PER ORDER.
NEW
ASD
nE.IlJTIFITE
5TER EOSCOPIC
VIEWS
JOHUMACHERBROTHERS
6 Beering Block.
oo28 St new
IF VOL’ WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
CIO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
PI)ere ron sen get a wide or narrow, full or alint
loot, just the width and length that will he easy aa’
raceial, mid «ryjuy the tars luxury ol wearing a pnr
■et fitting boot. aepJSti
Auiisi F. Cnrtis,
rEACHERoflhe PIANOFORTE
29 SPRJlfG STREET.
|y\Stttl*faetory reference given when required.
oc7 eod 8m