v—■?
i. »AiLY PRESS
1*0 BTLAN A»
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1871
A Speck of "ar*
While the President of the United States
and the Governor-General of Canada are
associating on the most Itiendly terms
lor the purpose of giving eclat to an event
that is to strengthen the friendly rela
lio s oi the two countries, it is most in
opportune and uulortuuale that a British
mau-of-war should be cruising along the
coast, tying in wait for aAankee schooner,
while a naval force is dispatched by our own
authori-ies “to uphold the diguity of the
American flag.” It is distressing to reflect
that even a little matter of this kind may, by
briu-ing on a collision through the agency of
hot-headed naval officers, embroil the two
countries in serious difficulties, and indeed in
war. The “E. A. TIorton” is a little fishing
schooner which was seized {by the Canadian
government for violatien of the fishing laws,
aud carried into the iport of Guysboro, Nova
Scotia. On Sunday of last week she was
“cut out” by her audacious Yankee master
with the assistance of his friends, and is now
eluding the pursuit of outraged John Bull.
So here is a genuine, serious international
complication, requiring the action of the chief
executive of both countries. This is the state
ot things that the Canadians talk of perpetu
ating for the sake of keeping their neighbors
from participating in their fisheries. If they
conclude to reject the treaty of Washington,
so far as it is applicable to the fishery ques
tion, they must not expect that a good provi
dence wil1 always iu the 1utare,as,iu the past)
prevent dangerous complications from grow
ing out ot British and American rivalry on
tlje fishing grounds. The situation will bt
out of constant danger. “Rumors of war,” al
least, wi.l be constantly exciting the appre
hension of the public. Just now, were it liol
for this wretched little Horton affair, the feel
ing between England and the United States
would be exiclient. The English are grate
ful to our authorities for so promptly arrest
ing that comical Fenian foray over the border
iu Manitoba. The international festivities
attending tne opening of anew line of com
munication are catau'ated to soothe the feel
ings of the distinguished men who participate
in them. We hope that any serious trouble
miy be avoided by mutual forbearance.
Vice-President Colfax concluded to go
home to South Bend from Boston instead ol
coming “Down East.”
The fleet bearing the Grand Duke Alexii
is now expected every hour at New York
Forward, toadies!
County Supervisor. We understand
that Mr. J. 13. Webb, County Supervisor ol
Schools, has resigned that position. The
name of his successor has not yet been an
nounced, and we do not hear the name of
any candidates.
Gen. Grant’s personal appearance is finely
described in the letter frond our Washington
correspondent which is printed on the first
page. The bisorical parellel be draws be
tween the detractors of Washington and those
ot Grant is also instructive.
It is pitiful to find the whole Stale of Mas
sachusetts still agitated over the question of
Butler and anti-Butler. The fact that the
friends of the Essex member carried a cau
cus in Sprhigfiel I the other night is the occa
sion of long articles in all the papers.
The Maine Standard and other Democrat
ic papeis speak in terms cf ridicule and d‘s
paragement ot the President on the occasion
ot his visit to Maine. We are sorry ourbieth
ten teel so, because the exigencies of the case
will require them to leel unpleasantly till the
4th of March, 1877. when Piesident Grant will
reitre from office.
The Civil Service Commission, of which
George William Curtis is chairman, resumed
its deliberations yesterday. What consterna
tion it would create arnoug a certain class oi
politicians, if it should be found that the Com
mission is able, notwithstanding the technical
difficulties interposed by the Attorney Gen
eral, to accomplish something valuable.
The (act that a Radical of Radicals like
Bradlaugh, declares his Queen insane and
demands a republic has not quite the author
ity of an act ol Parliment to the same effect,
but it shows that the democratic leaders in
England are assuming a boldness that is born
eitiiei of well-grounded confidence or fool
hardiness. We hope it is not the latter.
About twenty-four miles ot the gap of sev
enty live miles that now remains to be filled
in order to establish rail communication be
tween Halilax and Bangor will be filled by
January. The contract has been made for
ballasting the entire distance between Am
herst and Truro, so that it is pret'y certain
that there wul be a pretext for more excur
sions next summer.
Fbie.vd Lang of this state has returned
from his successful colonization of one hun
dred and titty North Carolina Cherokees at
Fort Gibson, Indian Territory,
re Indians favorably received by
tribes, comloitably situated, and
surruuuuou „ith abundance of game and pro
ductive land. The government will as soou
as practical transfer the remainder of the
North Carolina Indians, nearly 1800 in num
ber, to the same reservation.
The Secretary of the Navy has set a good
example for college presidents by summarily
expelling from the Naval Academy at Annap
olis several cadets who were guilty of “baz
mg” and otherwise maltreating a younger ca
det. Such discipline as this is just what is
needed in our llaiue colleges. Aeademii
ruffianism is,just as bad as “border ruffianism’
and a good deal more iuexcusable.
The Boston Advertiser has a very pleasam
conceit in reference to the language which the
Legislature used in giving the whole residue
ol our Maine lands “to the European and
North American Railroad for the defense of
the Northwestern frontier.” It says “Per
haps the words of the legislative act meant
more than they supposed. May not the rail
way bring nearer the day when we shall push
out the frontier, by a peaceable aot ol annex
atitn, to the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and thus
provide a delei.se of our great country againsl
the assaults ol the world
Later developments of the Ohio senatorial
question are more favorable to the cause ol
Mr. Sberman. Politicians from that State,
within a day or two, state that Mr. Garfield
might be a dangerous competitor were he not
supposed to be destined for the chairmanship
of the ways and means committee. Mr.
Schenck being out of the country is out of the
rice. Mr. I'elano, it is generally understood,
does not now contemplate entering the cam
paign in earnest, and Judge Bingham, while
willing to exchange the House for the Senate,
is not likety to make a serious effort for the
privilege this winter, so Mr. Sherman seems
sure of easy victory.
Gf.n. Butuer is gratifying his taste for
mischief by declaiming against the treaty of
Washington. He represents that the more
experienced British diplomatists completely
outwitted our Commissioners, and that when
a balance is stiuck between the findings of
the Geneva and Washington Commissions it
will be toutid that we have been cheated
Perhaps there may be unsophisticated people
that wi 1 believe Ben’s version of the story,
but we think he has not yet foung a large
number of converts to his greenback theory
or his notion that a war is the best means of
making peace with England. All distinctive
ly Butlerian iteas fall tQ the ground.
I'olilUnl Nolen.
All ot Gen. Hancock’s friends have not de
serted him in consequence of the Democratic
defeat in Pennsylvania. The Boston Herald
says that it seems as il his name was neces
sary to carry tiiat great State. We should say
so.
General Harris cn chairman of the Ohio Re
publican State Committee, writes that Gov
Noyes will have 24,000 majority and that the
Republicans will control each branch of the
Legi'lature, thus retaining the Congressional
apportionment. It is.estimated that the Re
publican vote in Ohio was diminished fully
5000 by the Chicago fire. The Republican
majority in Iowa is stated to be 42,000, and
senator Carpenter says that Wisconsin is
good for 10,000 in November.
The Ohio State Senate is composed equally 1
of Republicans and Democrats. The Repub- i
licans would have had a clear majority hut 1
for the refusal ot the Democratic inspectors
of Jefferson township, Montgomery county,
to receive the votes of the maimed and crip
pled veterans whose home is the military
asylum near Dayton. Six hundred of them
offered their votes, and these being rejected
opened a poll aud cast them. Their votes, if
counted,elect the Republican nominee.
The Democrats are “reformers” in Mary
huid, as elsewhere. Since they came into
power in that State, County taxes have
doubled.
Thk K. A. Hortou was first seized near St.
George, N. S., by Capt. Tory, of the Dotnin
l ion cutter Sweepstakes, and taken toGuys
borough to await the decision ot the Admiral
ty Court lor violation of the fishery laws. As
is the case with these seized vessels, hei rig
ging, all hut the standing, her sails, her com
passes, aud in fact, all her movable property,
w-ie taken out aud stowed away. She was
full of tare mackerel, was about to return to
Gloucester, her port, aud was owned by Mc
Kenzie, Kuowltou Co., which firm had a
vessel seized iu the same port aue year ago.—
She was a new cralt, aud a fine oue ot her
class. The story ol her escape is substantial
ly as follows, according to a Gloucester letter:
A schooner from Gloucester, (whose name
aud owners are known, but not given for obvi
ous reasons,) was cruising about the harbor
tlm kliirliin luv on.l it w\a eio4ah*vii
to take tbe vessel bouie if possible. To do this, i
it was necessary to gain tbe help of some Do-
iniuion pilot, aud one acquainted with the lay
of the laud and wafer. An old smuggler, so
called, was found williug to assist, and took his
oath to keep all the proceedings secret.
The crew of the cruising schooner were told
of the undertaking, and a call lor volunteers
made. Every man was on hand, and ready to
light, if need be, tor some ot these very men
had been captured only a year before,aud were
on the qvi trive to gain their revenge. Six men
were chosen, aud these went on shore and were
hidden for several days in a barn among tbe
bay, waiting for au opportunity to run the
Horton off Adverse aud bead winds, storms,
&c.. delayed them, and last of all tbe “old
smuggler” who bad been feeding them during
tbe intervening time, fell from a shed and
broke one or both his legs. It was then feared
that tbe endeavor must fai.', but tbe “old pi
rate” was equal to tbe emergency, and called
in another moral character, and his son, who
would “do tbe thing" in his place.
At last tbe night came wbeu tbe wind, tide
aud everything seemed to be in lavor of tbe
tisher lads, aud wbeu it was late into tbt night
they stole down to the vessel and stole into
tue storeroom where the riggiug, sails, com
passes, &c., were stored, stole them and stole
away. Wbeu they had reached the ship with
tbe traps all secured, it was found they bad
taken the wrong fixiugs, and these belonging
to another vessel. As they oid not wish to oe
called thieves, they went back and changed,
this time getting the right ones, the Horton’s
owu clothes. The sails were fastened by the
bolts and riugs aloue, and all expedition was
shown, even in arranging the light tackling.—
But alas! wbeu it was tried to get under way,
it was found that the vessel was stuck, aud
was drawing several more inches tbaunvere to
be baJ at that state ot the tide. Over goes tbe
anchor into tbe long boat, aud sooo it is buried
•u the British mud far ahead of the craft. Tbe
six men pull her away from her prison, aud
soon under lull sail, though but lightly bitch
ed, she goes out of the harbor a flying. Where
she is, no oue knows for certaiu, but hourly
she is expected at this port.
Her aider and abettor in the escape has be
come her forerunner, aud brought these details
to tbe excited village. This vessel says that
she was boarded by two revenue cutters in
Dominion waters, while she w s endeavoring
to laud tbe man aud boy who bad acted as pi
lots to ihe Horton. She bad taken these men
from the Horton and had agreed to land them,
but it was oulv by tbe most uuwouted “cheek"
that the opportunity could be gained. She
first rau in alongside the revenue cutter aud
dropped anchor. On being boarded, told a
stia'ght iorward stoiy 10 listen to, but a slight
tin 10 tell, and after a second boarding, under
cover t night, got the man and bov usooreand
started tor home, reaching this port Home days
igo. Her crew, which, consisted of men and
boys, fifteen all told, was diminished by the
six who remaiued Irom Wednesday night un
til Sunday “ali among the hay,” aud then got
the Horton away.
The Plot to Assassinate Alexis.—The
New York Tribune says that a secret meeting
of prominent Poles, resideut iu New York and
surrounding cities, was held Monday,and steps
were taken to avert a danger said tc threaten
tho Grand Duke Alexis on bis arrival in that
city. The animosity with which every Pole
regards the royal lamily of Russia is well
known aud it is asserted that some of the most
ignoraut anJ violent of the race here have
formed a conspiracy to insult and perhaps as
s^ssinate the son ot the Czar during his so
journ as a guest of the city. While trustwor
thy doails are lacking, there is no doubt
that the insane idea has been entertained
by. a few madmen. No knowledge of it
lias, however, yet reached the police, but
douotless precautions will be taken to save the
oily irom the disgrace of a demonstration
which could accomplish no good end. It is
not probabie that the conspiracy was in any
sense a formidable one, or inspired by any oth
er than a morbid dislike to see a Russian
Prince honored in an Americau city, aud it
will probably be entirely checked by the re
spectable members ot tlis race, who discounte
nance any such action. It is evident that the
idea of assassination is an exaggeration ot the
actual purpose, aud was never seriously enter
tained even by the most desperate. But even
a slight demonstration of an insulting charac
ter would be very impolitic on the part of the
Poles tbemselves, aud embarassing to our citi
zens.
Manchausen at the Fires —Among all
the accounts of the fires that we have seen
none compare in point of extravagance with
the following in relation to that which oc
curred at Peshtigo, Wisconsin, on the 8th
iust.:
An ominous roaring sound was first heard,
then fire fell in different parts of the town
igniting whatever it touched. The whole pop
ulation were then seized with a panic, caught
up their childreu aud fled to the river aud oth
er places tor safety. Shortly after a horrible
toruado euveloped everything in fire, smoke,
hot sand aud ciuders. Those who bad not
then reached the river were suffocated and
burned before they could advance many steps.
The storm was a flame borne by a hurricane
accompanied by electrical sparks aud electri
cal flashes in the air and danced ovur the
whole earth. It lasted only halt an hour but
the buildings and woods burned all night.
Aoout 150 tied to a low meadow below the
bridge aud were all saved. A large number
took refuge ia a mill pood where they kept
themselves under water constantly wetting
their heads to keep from roasting. Some were
drowned by cattle fleeing to the pond and
trampling them down. The tornado came
from the southwest and was about ten miles
wide, sweeping every vestige of fences, build
ing aud timber before it with fire.
The editor of the Menominee Herald states
that over fifteen huudred meu, women and
ch'ldreu were burned to death in the tornado
in Wisconsin. AH root crops and provisions
were destroyed in seven counties of Wisconsin
and throughout the western portion of Michi
1 gau. ___
The following anecdote of Gen. Sheridan
sounds rather like a fabrication. His private
house on Wabash avenue was visited by many
members of the Chicago Common Council dur
ing Tuesday, all desiring to have the General
proclaim martial law aud relieve them Irom
the duty of protecting the city. At last Gen.
Sheridan became angry, and belched forth in
the tollowiug style at ex-Goveruor Oglesby,
Mayor Mason and other leading members of
the city government:
How much longer are you d—d fools goinc
lo annoy nter w ny uon t you call upon the
citizens to organize and patrol the city? Here
last night, when every-ol you was in bed
1 was patrolliug the streets with my officers.—
We saw^the flames bursting from a house on
Thirty-first and Butteifleld streets, and with
out waiting fo; help, we rushed into the house,
seized the water pitchers, and threw their con
tents on the fire; then we tore the house to
pieces and trampled out the Are. We expect
to be on duty again to night aud every night
until people can rest easy. I will have seven
hundred iulanrry here to-moriow, and will
take charge ol the burned district; but until
then I will not relieve you of your responsibil
ity. The delegation withdrew in disgust.
The President Angry.—Alter the cere
mony of layiug the corner-stone of the Boston
PoBtoffiee was over the crowd surrounded
General Grant desiriug to shake hands with
him. For a minute the President smiled
grimly, and grasped as many hand* as was
practicable in the moment of time allowed lie
iore the starting of his carriage. As be moved
away and the tentacular crowd parted, the
President was observed as he looked over his
left shoulder to wear an expression compound
ed ol physical anguish and rage. It appeared
that some one ol the multitudinous hand
shakers, uniting brutality w tb muscularity,
had assaulted the President by an unmerciful
grip born of admiration or malevolence. The
hero of the Wilderness, as he looked over bis
shoulder and compressed bis lips, appeared
very much as 'I he would like to “cliaw nn”
""n.u.uppuraum, De teamed 60 miio.
MtV VVUV)VWi
Nothing prom the South.—The Boston
Jerald asks why we do uot hear of any contri
butions for Chicago from tbe South? The
>outh is poor, but no community in the coun
ry is too poor to show its charitable spirit in a
ime like this. Does it withhold its charity be-
;ause Chicago is a Northern city, or is it be- J
)ause the people lack public spirit and have no
eaders to set a charitable example, or to or
ganize a system of benevoleuce?
Joshua S. Bean, of Fisberville, N. H., whose
back was broken by a bale of cottou being
thrown on him from his cart on Monday, died
yesterday from his injuries.
State JNewts,
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
During a quarrel, Wednesday night, 11th
inst., at a saloon in Nashua, N. H., Louis Jac
quett tired a pistol shot at Charles F. Lord, a
visitor in the city, from Lewiston, woundiug
him in the hip. Jacquett is under arrest.
AROOSTOOK COUNTY.
The Houlton Pioneer says one good result of
the late heavy rain will be the enabling of lum
bermen 10 get their lumber to market, and
with the proceeds relieve themselves of piesen
embarrassments.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Two hundred and forty s-ven dollars have
been contributed and already forwarded from
the Natioual Military Asylum iu Augusta, for
the relief of the Chicago sufferers.
A telegram Sunday, announced to Hon. Wil
liam Wilson of Hallowell, the death, in Cuba,
Oct. 1st, of his oldest son, Capt. Samuel P.
nr: i_ .i-i- i .i \lf.l
V.
son was master of a vessel engaged in lue reg
ular trade between Baltimore—the place of bis
residence—and the West Indies.
Two hundred aud fifty dollars were raised in
tbe several churches in Hallowell on the last
Sabbath, in aid ot the Chicago sufferers.
LINCOLN CCCNTT.
After January 1st, the Wiscasset Seaside
Oracle will be enlarged aud published weekly.
YORK COUNTY.
Miss Susau Staples, of Eliot, was arrested
in Kittery Monday foreuoou, charged with set
ting fire to tbe stoie of Messrs. Ireland
Sweat, Kittery foreside, on Saturday uight
last. The hearing was before Justice Dennett,
ot Kittery, aud while the testimony was abun
dant, much of it was of a circumstantial char
acter. Tbe Court, however, considered the ev
idence sufficient to warrant the bolding the
accused in the sum of $2000 to await trial at
the next session of the criminal Court in York
County. Tne testimony of tbe defence elicited
some statements, which if true, will afford a
clue to (be secret of the systematic depreda
tions of the last two or three months, in Kit
tery and the vicinity.
From our Correspondent.
Died in Melbourne, Australia, Aug. 11th,
Capt. Christian Jeffrey, of Kennebunkport,
aged about 30 years. Capt. Jeffrev has sailed
the ship North Star in tbe East Indies aud
China Sea for some years, and was expected
home: but compelled by failing health to leave
the ship io Melbourne, he was removed to the
Albert Hospital, where the best medical care
and kindness ot friends proved uuavailtng.
Tbe South Berwick National Bank declared
tbe 1st ins a semi-annual dividend of 5 per
cent. The corporation are greatly improving
toeir banking room, making it more light and
convenient, with modern desks and counters.
IN GENERAL.
H. M. Nutting, of Kedwood City, California,
formerly of Turkman, Me., aud a graduate of
Colby University, has been elected by the Re
publicans Couniy Attorney of San Mateo
county.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ONE FAVOR.
One favor, Boys, ot you we ask,
Ai d as we’ve done so yiu h tor you,
We Lope you will not think a task
The thing we wish to have you do.
You’ve many little triends, may be,
Who ‘‘Clothing” lor tbe season need;
A*fe them to call, and we’ll agree
To fell them very low indeed
Tell them he place to buy new “Clothis,”
Coat, Pants, Vest. Ilat and Shoes complete,
Is at thest reofG OHGE FEKKO’S,
Corner ot Beach aud Washington Street.
Boston, Oct 18. snlw
Liverpool London Globe
I insurance t ompany
New York, Oct. mb. 187f.
u. I.ordun. General Agekt, Boston:
l5F*Our Chicago Losses probably under two-and-a
bait' Million Dollars.
The Directors in New York are authorized to draw
on London for thilr Chiceeo losses.
ALFRED PftCLlj, Resident Manager.
The ASSETS of the Company, alter paying tbeir
Chicago losses, will exceed 18,000,MOO dollars.
HEATH A DREW, Ageuu.
snoct27-2t_12 CAHCON BLOCK, Portland.
Portland t adits.
All members are reqne«ttd to meet at the Armory
for drill on every night, in order to perlorm ewort
duty to the President next Friday. The presence ot
all is desired, as every uni arm mnst be tilled.
Per order, JOHN ANDER'ON, Cnpt.
sn-octl7-3t H. A. MERRILL, Sec.
N O TICE.
All Parties wishing to visit Chicago, to see the
ruins ol the Great Conflagration, or otherwise,
should call al G'and Trunk Ticket Office, opposite
Preble House, where tickets can be bad at lowest
rates.
ocl7tf sn D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
October 16, 1871.
Theiewillbea special meeting ot the Portland
Army Navy Union, at their Hall, on Tuesday
Evening, 17th inst, at 7 30. to act on invitation of
City Government, to do escort duty to President
Grant. A full attendance desired. By Older
S. C. GORDON, Pres’t,
Official: W.E. SIMMONS, Asst, Seo. ocl7sn
DR. E. t\ GARVIN'S
Tai* Remedies,
-FOR
Coughs, Colds aud Lung Diseases,
For sale at Wholesale, by
W. F. PHILLIP* LO ttrujggiftift,
octl3s**2w* No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. Me.
Aency ot the “Home” Fire 5ns. Co.
OF COLUMBUS, OHIO.
5 Exchange street, Portland.
I beg to in orra the friends and patrons ol the
“Home*’ that 'he following despatch has been receiv
ed at this office
“October 13”
Secretory Baker is at Chicago with
CA*H to pay loftnes, which are less than
expected. Capital unimpaired.”
The tavers and applications ot'those w'sbing relia
ble serunty against Eire are solicited for the
“HOMK”of oluuibuM, Capital $500,000
“UNION,” of Bangor, A*8et», I a.,..
No loss at Chicago. $470,000
8Policies issued and losses sei tied promptly and
liberally. J
W. 11. EOYE, A grout,
oclGsneoil2w 5 Exihauge street.
The Warning haa been Heeded.
Since the exposure ol the atiempts made by cer
tain unscrupulous local deaiers, to palm oft their
coarse astringents, matte Irom cbeap and impure
materials, in the place of the great national tonic
Ho8tetter’6 Stomach Bitters, pub’ic opinion has set
strongly against these empirics and their prepara
tions. Their occupation is gone, or soon will be.
When the light is let into deception it soon wilts
down. Perscns who trifle with their own health, by
using unknown preparations, with no guarantee to
sustain them, when an established Specific, provcu
by twen y years experience to be exactlv wh it it is
claimed to be, is within tbeir reach, are sure to re
pent their temerity. Many have done so in this in
stance, but it is hoped that the truth plainly spoken
has arrested the evil. In the meantime the dtmand
for the leading protective and restorative medicine
ol America was never so great as it has been this
season. From the fever and a*ue districts of the
west, booth west, and south, it is literally over
whelming, and it may be said of the a«lvices from all
parts ot the country of the cures it is effecting in
dispepsia, bilious complaints, an chronic constipa
tion, that “their name is legion Everywhere the
sick and feeble seem to have realized the importance
ot “holding last that which is good," and ol avoiding
what is spurious and dangerous.
hicago Reliet Fund.
Subscriptions tor tlie sufferers can be left with
either of the Canvassing Committee, the Executive
wv.u-.nrw, oi>nug, aicto
urer of the Relief Fund.
Clothing may be left with Charles Claik, Esq., City
Marshal. octl4-n3t
S. B. GOWBLL,
Anticipating leaving the city now otters his entile
stock of Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until besells bis h ,use. (See advertisement, by Geo.
Davis tf Co.) Now is your time to make your
Kail and Winter purchases.
gP*Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-snlt
Stock k Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the ci(y will Fell my
stock and place ot business at great discount.
I shall sell at relail cheaper Ilian ever until I close
out my stock ot
Nhip Timber. Plank. NparM, Knees, Back
ing, nnil Tr«ennil*.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on M*. TAYLOR,
sept 19-suti 176 Commercial st.
1 he Steamer Emperor
Will Not Leave Portland for Yar
mouth until further notico.
•ct 9-sntf
for
TIRE new two story French roof house, just fin- 1
A ished, m Cushman Ft.; house piped torSebago,
ind all the modern improvements. Enquire on tiie
•remises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY,
sepfdtt su t
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Sterling Exchange.
Mils on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
AND THE
Prov ucial Back of Ireland
And all it* Braut'het*.
For sale in sums to suit, by
n. anowjsr sons,
je13-sutt _9? Exchange Mi,
rIgWo va l
-AND
reopening
-OF THE
Old Post Office
On an entirely new plan.
This attire wil' open for the delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CAB PETS,
Crockery &llouse Furnishing Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about the
30tli of' Sept.
Persons calling tor anything in our stock will
please leave tlieir name, street and number ami ad
will be delivered iree by one of our numerous
riers. Office open from 7 A M., to 9 p m
(laya exeepitu.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
I*. S. Entrance Irom Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sts. septg
the
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBEST
AND_
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
Thus. P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STREET.
This Bed is pronounced by all al< who have used it
to be superior to anv other ever offered to ihe public
The Mamitacturers make the .iter to guarantee
periect satisfaction to everv purchaser of this article.
Also Manufacturers of
Climibcr Sets
Aii«l Dealer* iu ull kind* of
FURNITURE.
oc 13 If
Wo More Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOES,
l« rapidly and stead'ly superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides •urnishieg ihe most, durable, pliable
coiioiuical h »ot ever offered the put lie, it affords an
article more nearly
waterproof
than <*\rer before made of the same mnieiia's.
All Dealers sell nblc *erew Wired Goods.
Patent Stamp oai all. oct2en eodGw
A. M. McKENNEY,
THE WELL KNOWN
Photographic Artist!
Has fitted up the
Best Flu tographic lioo
In the State, and !urn<shed ♦bem iu the most fash
ionable and elegant style, where he will make all the
styles ot the art as well as can be done in ihe S ate.
He has secuied tbe services of the celebrated Pho
tographer
15. F. SMI UH.
Mr. Smith would be pleased to have the patronage
ot his old niends.
He returns his thanks to the public tor their past
patronage ana hopes lor the continuance ol ihe same
at bis new place.
161 IHiddle Hreet, Portland, Me.
oct 16-sndlwN vs4\\42
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays lor Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure means ot re’iet tor the Erring and Unfor
tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St., Philadel
phia, Pa. _jy 2G-8N uig
Batchelors Hair Dye.
This enperb Hall Dve is the best in file world--|»er
fectly bainilees. reliable and ins aidaneous; no dis
apoinrment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
The genuine Wm, A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean, soit, beautilu'; does
not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists.
Facor\, 1G BOND STREET,IN.,Y.
)>11 SN D&W 1Y
Moi ice.
The Ladies from all tbe different Parishes in tbe
city are invited to meet on Thursday alternoou, 19th
inst., at 2 o’clock P. M., at tlie Common Council
Room, City Building, to prepare clothing tor the suf
ferers by the Chicago fire.
Any materi ils fur under clothing or money will be
received by tbe Committee, who may be found at tbe
room from 9 A. M. to 10 P. M. on that day.
Per Order of Mayor.
Printers or Machinists
Wishing for small STEAM ENGINES, from
1 fo 2 lior^e power, will finu it to Iheir advantage to
call on
J. B. LUCAS,
60 EXCHAiHGK STREET.
DEALER IN
Uatliinist Tools and applies.
oct4
N O TICE!
THE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed hack to tbe olo
stand on Exchange street, where I will still manu
.acture the choicest brands of cigars. I will invite
all my customers and triends in general to call and
examiue my goods and get posted on flie prices. 1
have all brands of Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PuNCE, No. SO Exchange St.
yl-tf
7he Security Door Check,
Ts an article of honest utility It meets a want hith
erto unsupblied, and is approved by eminent citi
zens and tbe press. Ii is handsome bronze orna
ment. It is so small that it i* never in the way, ard
may be carrb d by lady or gentleman when traveling.
It is neat, simple, light, strong, useful, ornamental.
Cheap.
Everybody needs it: Call ard s^e it. 29 Market
Square. is U TIER BKOTHERS Co..
ocSdlwsn Portland.
SPORTSMEN
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
Has just received another lot of those fine
Krccch Loading Shot Guns.
Also a lew more ot those very cheap*
Fiiulinh Twixi Double bbl. Gun*.
o< t4
Graphite Axle Grease.
The Beat in the market for all kinds of
CARKIAGE8.
Also a food assortment of
Machinists’*Fine Tools
__G. L. BAILEE, 48 Exchange street.
Portland Observatory*
]>JO Stranger should leave the f'ifV without visit
ing .he Observa’ory on Mu,.joy*» HU®. From
the cupola 2*7 te above the-5 a. may he seen i lie
eijtire Ciy, the Ocean to the horizon. C'umc« r v
miles distant, andwUb the""“mi^el^o
mounted in the cupola objects 30 miles <ifcw“ui
every direction may be or tinctly seen. Ihe views
here are sa d to ne unsurpassed lor h4utv and va
war w,,rl"
EXCHANGE
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
--AND
Ready for Immediate Delivery!
IN SUM.SJTO.SUITi
WM. WOOD,
f»7 Exchange St.
Agent tor [llmrr flews A H v
dune 27-11 sh *y° w"
DR. INGALLS^
Scientific Physician*
Qu?mby’s pracUce",he Pri°Cip'3 Dr. P P
Office 39 Temple St.
Offlcehourslrom8sapm.p,ofi m„ anJ lrom t0 5
COAL $8.30.
Rroken for
Boilers—Furnaces-Store Stoves—
•Salamanders or in tact any pur
pose where a large sized ami strong
uoal is desired or required—ottered
it ilie above price,wnieb is certain
y low. considering the present
•base ol tlie Coal Market.
c3.ntt JOS’ H* POOK RRO.
_SPECIAL NOTICES, _ 1
SAFE INSURANCE.
Assets since the Chicago Fire as follows:

Royal Ins. Co. of Liverpool,
$9,000,000

[Vankltn lu$.€o. Pliiladelpliia,
$3,000,000
Waskington Tu§. Co. Hew York
$§50,000
<11.1, on
ROLLINS ADAM$,
No. 1 Exchange Street.
TO TELE L^.I>2 V.S
Of Portland and vicinity we would aunounce that we are now receiving i.i PALL aud WINTER
Stock oi French Millinery Good*,
CONSISTING OF
Silks, Ribbons, Velvets,
French Flowers, Feathers, and
Ornaments.
FRENCH AND ENGLISH ROUND HATS,
New Style Bonnets, &c. &c.
To which we respectfully invite your.attention.^
Mrs. W. L. SNELL,
337 CONGRESS STREET.
aep2]snlm
Home Securities
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to bt. John. New Brunswick, a
distance or 2f2 miles,—with the exception of 58
mil* s between Winn, Me., and 'he boundary line ol
tbe State at Vanceboro’. On till portion th** track
is now I eiug la d, b‘»tb from Winn eastward and
trom Vanceboro’ westward and tbe work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Th.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTINO THE UNITED STATES
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). Tbe population o' the
maritime Provinces is about ONE MILLION,
and all the land travel, freight, mails. dfcc\, between
them and the Uni ed States.will pass over this Trunk
line.which is \VIT«*»l r O *1 PETITION.
Although not yet completed, tbe business of the
roau is already f*r greater than i»s most sanguine
triemis predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earnings from Local RusincMn alone,
on tbe 58 miles comi>llted in Maiue,already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions of dol
lars ami will be largely increasing alter sept mxi
by the business to aud from toe Proviucas.
To complete this road, aud to equip it as fully as ts
present 1 irge business and toe imaed ate increas
consequent upon its completion, requires —tbe Com
pany lias issued its Bonds in tbe amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
UNITS K04D AND PROP
ERTY EB«» M WIN* to VaNCEBOKO'
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,0 0, and tbe only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city or Bangor tor $1,000 000 j
aud. m ad lit ion thereto, by a El RSIT AN ft
ONLY lflOKTtiADU on
800,000 Acres of Land!
Said lauds being tbe -s rrne granted by the State of
Maine to aid the construction ot this road. They are
situated along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an i are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially in (he fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural dis'ricr in tho St ite are valu'd* e
tor farming lands as well as for their timber. This
immeuse grant of lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of tTOttrivirt with whun rnat» «*o w.„..rtu..,.
cover 1250 square miles (nearly ub large as ihe Stare
o* Rliodo island, which is 1306 square miles and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, «S:c., which alone is ample security tor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lands to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p'edged to ensure the payment thereof.
1 be Bonds are tor $1000 each, due March 1, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. 8. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds regig'ered if desired, Coupons made
payable (£6each) in London, Eng and, it preferred.
MIINK.I1VG FUND- All proceeds ol sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other products (herefrom,
are, by the Trustees, to be in vested in these Bonds u
they can be bought at oar or less; otherwise in
Untied States, State or Municipal Securities. And
on July l, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds hi come due or are all paid, the E. N A.
Kailway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per cent, of the amount of
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all in'crest
received on securities, belonging to the Minkins
Lund are to be invested a< above stated, and these
accumulations are solely lor the purpose ot addition
ally providing for tbe redemption of there Bonds.
The Sinking Fund consulates a th rd great element
ot securiig and strength, and adds to the saiely of
these Bom Is
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, of
Bangor, Me., ami J. EDCJAli THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive f Do Bonds
at Par and Accrued lntereftt in payment lor
any ol the lauds at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and A owned Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and alt marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Bond?, and can be sent by Express and these re
turned by Express, tree o' expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partou ars concerning
the connections and business, with Map-, shewing
tbe location and lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Male of Bouds,
BANGOR, MAINE,
OB TO
SWAN A BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO middle Mtreet.Portland,
KP*On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Kailroad
now building, between St. John, N. B, amt Halifax,
N. S, there wdl he an unbroken line ol Railway
Irom Kalilax io all the chief cities of the United
Stares, and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hours’ time saved, from
New Y ork, m going to or coming uom Europe, by
rail to or from Halifax,— a large business in pas
sengers, mails and freight will thereby be auued to
the irattic over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-sueod if
LEA PERRIN*8 SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
((The Only Good Sauce.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor iis flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEA PERRINS to
prosecute all parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN Dl'NCAN’N MOINM,
augl2sn6ni Agents, New Yoik.
Dr. Hick Hell's syrup.
For the cure ot Bowel or Summer complaints, acts
lik& magic upon Djtentery, ofarihcea, Cholera Mor
bus, Colic, cramp, si. k <>r Sour Stoinaih, Dyspep
sia. «&c, givir g immediate rebel. bre<? troai opiate,
and uever produces cosuveness. De-;gned for chil
dren as well as grown pe«son-. Sold by all dealers
inm^d cine. Please givr i-atrial. Prepared only
by Edward Suttcn, ot Providence, fi. I. jyi9si.3m
Sinn fine A rim vices
»y
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co*s buildings York Dantortli and Corn
men ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BKUWN SONS,
jylSsn _^Exchange Street.
Procure T ickets
AT
i^Hi W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
and the Went, Sonlli and Northweat, may ob
tain through Tieueta, by the bext him! mo t
reliable routea irom Pon'atd, or ojsiou. or
jSew York, to anv pi int. desired at the lowrat
aalea at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
W. 1>. LITTLE a? CO.,
Office 49 1-‘J (exchange Wt.
U^^Tleliable information cheerfully furnished at
all times._ au26d tt sn
GRAHAM FLODE
OF A SUPERIOR QU \LITV
Freeh from the Mill. Also the celebrated
-P O 8 T JS L S
Ami Otliei* Olioieo Urandn.
Ml AW, IIAMMOND A CARNEY.
oc9-d3m
6 PER CENT.
First Mortgage
BONDS,
OF THE
Leeds Farmington R.R. Co.,
Principal and infeicM Riiaiaalreil by Ihe
Maine Central Railroad Co.,
FOR SALE BT
II. M, PAYSOI,
38 Jbxciiange st., Cortland.
aug22 sn
The Canae and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause ot Consumption is derangement
ot the digestive organs. Thisderangement produces
deficient nutrition and assimilation. By assimila
tion 1 mean mat process by which the nutriment ol
the lood is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids of the t ody. Persons with digestion thus im
paired, hiving tlie slightest predisposition to pul
monary disease, or If they take cold, will be very li
able to h*ve Consumption o' the Lungs hi some ot
Its forms; and I hold that it wiM be impossible to cure
rtiiyj-aseo |Lonsuniption without first restoring a good
digestion and healthy assiuiila ion. The verv first
thing to be done is to cleanse ihe stomai h and bone's
from all oiseased mucus and slims wiich is logging
lhese organs so that they cannot perform their func
tions, and then rouse up iiii'i restore the liver to a
healthy action For this purpose, tbe suirst and best
remedy is Sclienck's Mandrake Pills These Pills
cleanse the stomach and bowe's oi all the dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease and decay in the
whole sjsem. They willcle.ir out ihe liver ol all
diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arouse
it up to a new and hea ty action, by which natmal
amt healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach,dowels and liver are thus cleansed by
ilie use ol Soh nek’s Mandrake Pills; but *here re
mains iu the stomach *n excess ol acid, the organ
I is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In tbe bowels,the
lacteals are weak, and require strength and support.
It is in a condition like this that Sclienck’s Stawetd
Tonic proves to »>e the must valuable remedy ever
discoveted. It is alkaline, and iis use wilt neutralize
all excess ot a-id. making the s nmach sweet ami
iresli; it will give petmanent tone to tuis important
organ, aud create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
paretlie system for tbe tiist process ot a good digestion
ami ult>ma ely make good, bealihy, living bio >d.—
Aitcr this preparatory treatment, what remains 10
cure most (uses ot Consumption is tbe tree and per
severing use ot ScheniVs Pnunonic Syup. Tbe
Pulmouic byrup nouiisbes the system, purifies tbe
blood, and is teudily absorbed into the circulation,
aud iliem-e distriouied to the diseased mugs There
it ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the form ol
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel a’l the diseased matter in the form of free ex
pec toi at ion, woen once it ripenB. Tt is then, by tbe
great healing and putifying properties ot Sclienck’s
Pulmonic Syiup, that all ulcers and cavities are heal
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to ge> up a go »d appreite and a good digestion
so that ibe body will grow in flesh and get strong.—
If a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot heal, tl e matter cannot rip
>u 1 i-_ :i> i ii< 'torn is below par. Wha» is nec
«*ssat roTTlTT- T» <i iicv» .»iil’ i {ji Ia £0>>d
tne, gooa nutrition, he body io grow in flesh ano
get fat; thi n Nature is helped, the cavities will heal,
ibe ma ter wiil ripen and be thrown ott *n Urge
i]nani ities, aud the person regain health and strength
This is the true and only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person s very had, it the lungs are not en
tiieiy destroyed, or even it one lung is entirely gone,
ii there is enough vitality leti in the other to heal up
there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with oniy one
sou d lung, live and enjov life to a good old age.—
l liis is what Sclienck’s medicines will do to curt
Consumption. They will mean out the stomach,
sweeteu and strengthen It get up a good digestion,
and give Nature the assistance she Deeds to clear the
sys em ot alt the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever lire form may be.
It is important mat, while using Schenck’s medi
clues. care should be exercised not to take cold: keep
in- »oors in cool and damp weather; av id night air,
and take out-door exercise only in a genial and warm
sunsbiue
I wish it distinctly understoou uat when I recom
mend a patient to be rareiul iu regard to taking cold
while using wv niediciue. I do so ior a special lea
sou. A man who has but pariiallytrecovereJ (tom the
eftects of a bad cold is tar more liable to a relapse
thau one who has hem entirely cured, and it is pre
cisely the same in regard to consumption So long
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, jnst so long is
ihere imminent danger ot a mil return of the dis
ease. Hence it Is that 1 so strenuously caution pul
monary patients against exposing themselves to an
atmosphere that is not genial aud pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives' lungs are a mass ot sores,
which the least change of atmosphere will lud irne.
The gran i secret o* my success w ith my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflamatiou instead
ol provoking it, as many ot the faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with safety to the patient, be ex
posed lo the biting blasts <>i winter or tbc coiling winds
of spring or autumn. It should be careiul ly shielded
irom all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in this particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances is an impossi
bility.
i lie person slionld be kept on a wholesome and nu
tricious diet, and all the medicines continued until
the body has restored to it ihe natural quantity oi
flesh and strength.
I was my elf cured by this treatment ot the worst
kind oi Consumption and have lived to get »at aud
hearty these many years.with one lung mostly goue.
1 have cured thousands since, and very man> have
been emeu by this treatment whom I have never
seen
About the first ot October I expect to iake posses
sion ot my new building at the north-east corner of
Sixth and Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
Pull directions accompany all my remedies,so that
a persou in any part ot the woi id can be reauily
cured by a strict observance oi the same.
*1. H. SuHCNCK, M. D.. Philadelphia.
GEO. C- GOODWIN, CO., Agents.
BOSTON.
BONJDS.
Belfast City, 6’s
Baf U City 6’s
Rockland 6’s
WalOoboro 6’s
Uexter 6’s
European N. A. R. U. Gold 6’s
Cortland Usd. K. R. Gold 6’s
Atcbinsou, Topeka it Santa Fe
R R. Gold 7’s
Central Iowa K. R. Gold 7’s
West Wisconsin R. R. Gold 7’s
Portland Ac Rochester R. R.
Currency 7’s
FOR 8A.LE BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Jb Brokers,
100 OKfddle afreet.
ACy* Government Bonds taken fn exchange at
highest market rates. my29 SN MW&F
The European Question,
What is the European question to us? Let the
crowned heads fight it out while we supply their
aimieswith provisions
the AMERICAN QUESTION
as to the best method of clothing gray heads with
flossy b^own or raven black is. however, a matter ot i
cast impor'ance to millions of both sexes in this
country. It teeius to be decided, it popularity is a
air test in the case, in favor of
Cristadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
the sales ot which have been advancing during the
past twelve months with rapidity astoni.-hiLg. As
lressmg after dyeing, use
CRISTADORO’8 HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
sep28 eod lm w39-41 sn
_L 1
MAR RIED
In Kenuebunkport, Oct. 15, Sam’l Wildes and Mrs
>arah J Newbury.
In Batli Oct 1.1. Henry C. Hilton and Miss Annie
A. tlrant, boib ot Aina.
In Lewi.-ton.uct. 7, Everett McQlanflin and Fan
neS Harper.
in Farmington, Sept. 24. Mark Harden, ol Angus
a, and Hattie E bawyer, ot Avon.
died.
^ar^'fflha00*- He»" Wescott, age-
[Funeral on Thursday atternoon, at 2 o’clock, at
N j. 10 Chatham street.
hi Dunum. Oct 9. Mrs Meliitable A., wife ot tie
ate James Strou\ Jr aged 49 vears.
In Waldoboro Oct. 1, Pied Fish, aged 22 vears
In Waireo, Sept. 27, Mr. Samuel Merry, aged 73
fears 8 months.
In Cushing Oct. 3. Mr. Mark D. Jameson, aged 59
fears 11 month?. _
In Ipswich. Mass., Oct. 16, suddenly, E. Clark ua
Hs, ot Portland, aged 33 year*.
[Funeral this Wednesday atternoon, at 3 otioc
U No. 18 Carletou streat.
■Sfe!™.' L !!L"..
•■PARTI HttOPOCKAI, MTKARKRS
j®AMK. WHKRK PROM. DKHTIN ATIOJ,.
I ammonia.New York. .Batnlmrg.Oct 17
dado.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 18
!uba...New York. Liverpool.Oct 1H
lolumoiu .New York .Havana.Oct 19
!lty oi Baltimore. .New York. .Liverpool.Oct 19
libernian .Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 21 1
laledonia.New Vork. .Glasgow.Oct 21
’ereire.New York. .Havre.Oct 2!
ferrunac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Oct 93
leopatra.New York.. Havana.Oct 24
t David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 26
lissouri.New Vork. .Havana.Oct 26
loravfan.Quebec.Liverpool.Oci26
(Jliniaiare Almanac.October IN.
lun rises.6.16 Moon frets.8 ,35 PM
Inn Sets. 5 14 I High water. 2.30 PM
MAKIN hi JSTWWB.
FORT OF PORTLAND.
1 ueadayt Oct* IT*
ARRIVED.
Steamer Chase, Mulligan, Halifax NS, with 10 pas
eng- is and rndse to John Porteous.
Steamtt New York, Winchester, St John. NB, via
Eastport to? Boston.
Sch Olive Hayward, Arey, New York,-corn to
Waldron True.
Sch Brunette, West, New York,—corn to Waldron
ft True.
sch The Star, (Br) Sadler. Bouton, to load tor St
John. NB.
Sch Alton, Wormwood. Kennebunk.
Sch Sarah Jane, Smadage. Wood Island.
Sch Utica, Thorndike, Rockland,—lime to C A B
Morse Co.
Sch Boston Light Boardman. Camden.
8cb Susan. McFarland, Lamolnc for Provincetown.
Sch L Snow, Griffin St George tor Rock port.
Sch W C Hall. Tolman, Rockland for New York.
Sch Forest King, Spaulding. Rockland lor Bos’on.
Sch C Carroll, Mullen. Rockland tor Portsmouth.
Sch P-arl. Mcservey, Rockland tor Boston.
Sch Atlantic, E.w"ll, Rockland tor Boston.
Sch Concordia, Spear. Rockland lor Boa ton.
Sloop Cornelia, Groves, Wed’s Bauch.
CLEARED.
Barque John F Pearson, Thomas Gould, Buenos
Avres— t S K Spring.
Sch Mont, zuma. Griffin, Eastport and Calais—Eas
tern Packet Co.
SAILED— Barques Rachel, Henry P Lord: brit*
Addte Hale. Ins; sch H. E Sampson.
(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.)
KENNEBUNKPORT, Oct 18—Launched, by Da
vid Clark, a clipper built extra lustei>ed and fluelv
mod- led doubt-deck schr of 200 tons, named Geo W
Whitlord, built on contiart lor CaptChasEddy.nl
deuce. She is to be employed in the trait trade.
KOCKPORT. Oct 12-Launched, trom the yard c*
Tolman Eels, a fine three-masted scbr ot 300 tons*
named the Armida Hall, to be commanded by Capt
A J Hell, ot Rockland. She is owned in Kockport
and Rockland, and tales Al eight years.
MB HO BAN DA.
Barque Nellie Abbott, (of Boston) Jordan, from
Aspinwall via Key West for New York, is leported
by telegraph to be a total wreck near Bahamas.
Sch Emilv Curtis, trom Salem tor Alexandria, went
a“bo e ai Cape char es lith lost, where she remains.
Wreckers are at work on her and expect to get her
afloat in a few days.
DOMBNTIt; PORTA.
SAN FRANCISCO-Ar 13th, ship Swallow, Les
ter, New York.
cld 7th, ship Osceola E1IK Newcastle. NSW.
S'd 7th, ship Austria, Delano, tor Queenstown; St
Joseph, Alexander, toi Newcasr'e, NSW.
GALVESTON— Ar 7th, brig Ocean Eagle, Water
house. Boston.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 11th, barque S D Carlton.
Frreman New York
MOBILE—Ar 10th, brig J W Spencer, Hopkins,
New York.
Cld 10'h, brig Wm Robertson. Curtis, Pensacola.
Ar 16ih. sch St Cioix, Eaton, and J J Spencer,
Lut kiu, Boston.
PENSACOLA-Ar 9th, brig F J Merriman, Le
craw Galveston.
Sid 9th, narque N M Haven, Rose, New Bedford;
ecb DavDreak, blalte. Key West.
JACKSONVILLE—Ar 19th, sch Nevada, Davis.
New York.
Cld loth, schs Spartel, Smith, New Haven: Web
stei Bernard Smith.Providence; AnnaLeland,Ben
nett, Norwich.
D vRI EN—In rort 10th inst, brig Etta M Tucker,
Drisko, tor Philadelphia, ready.
SAVANNAH— ar 14th, prig 0 S Packard, Pack
ard, Philadelphia.
OHA KLESTON—Outside 15th, barque Annie Kim
ball, Stinson, from Liverpool
NORFOLK—Ar 13th, sch M D Marat on, Marston,
Rock port, Me.
Cld lath, si-h Delmout, Gales, St Pierre, Mart.
FORTRESS MONROE Passed in 14th, barque
Grecian, Jarvis, train Liverpool to: Baltimore.
Passed out 14th brig Salista, tor Marseilles.
PHILADELPHIA-Cld 14ih, ship John Harvey, i
Hatch, Havre.
Ar I4<h. brig Geo Amos, Hunker. St John. NB.
Ar 15th, barque Ormue, Petlengill. Leghorn.
Ar ltiih, brigs Hampden,Goa, Bangor; Abby Wat
son. Calais.
NEW YORK—Ar l”tb, schs Alice B Alley, Port
land: Louie P Smith, Duyea, Kockport; Maryland.
Green, Boston tor Philadelphia; Nevada, Todd, Pro
vidence; C Matthews, Lunt. Providence Win Mr
Loon. Fountain, Rockland Thomas Hix, *-*a11, unn
>k)ivo Picketing, do; Fred Gray, Gray, Richmond
>or Georgetown. franklin, Brewster Frank' n. Me
Ida Lewis, H nestis, Saco; S J l.hi Ley, ‘-iockett, to,
Rockland. Gentile, Eldridge, and Justina, Jameson
do; Richd Bullwinkle, French, do. M L Newton
Murphy Calais; Mary Patten, Bancor; Ity Bell
Kids, New York.
Cld 16tb, brig Lizzie Wyman. Hopkins, Aspinwall
jebs B F Lowell,Leavitt, Mobile; T Benedict, Crock
ett, Portland.
Passed through Hell Gate 1flth. §cbs Veto Watt*.
New York tor I'homaston; Oregon, Pinkbam, do >oi
dockland; Harnxna Burgess, m. Po t .lohusoii fui
Boston; Col Edoy. Mo Bean, do tor Providence.
NEW LONDON—Ar 15th, brig Tangier, Carlisle
Portland for New York.
STONINGTON—Ar 14tb, seb Leader, Ginn, New
York lor Portland.
PROVIDENCE—Ar Htb, sch Canary, Hart, Iron.
Calais.
Sid 14th, sch Bonny Ives, Curtis, New York.
FALL RIVER—Ar Hib, sch Sunbeam, Heal, from
Camden.
NEW BEDFORD—Ar 15tb, sch Maracaibo, Hen
ley, New York.
VINK YARD-HA VEN-Ar 14th, sch Gen Grant,
Johnson, Portland ior Baltimore.
Ar 15th, schs Sarah. Mitchell, Hob >ken lor Boston
'taky. M J Laughton. Laughton, Klizabetbport 101
Portland; Josephine,Fickett,trom Port Johnson to.
Newburyport.
Ar loth, bug Amelia Emma. Carlon. Philadelphia
tor Portland; schs May Munroe. Hall, tm do for do;
Lucv. Mahlmau, do tor Machias.
BOSTON— Ar 15th, sch Halttie Baker, Bearso, tm
Baltimore.
Ar 17th, schs AWra. Dennison, tm Elizabetbport
Mail, Linscotr. Now York; W K Page. Pike. Ea>t
port; Billow, Wass, Addisew J B Stinson, Stinaun
Deer Isle Cynosure, Cushman, Camden.
Cld 17tli, ship Akbar, Lamsou. Calcutta: sob How
ard, Wooster, Jacksonville; Mahaska. F.ckett, Mill
hriilcra
SALEM—Cld 13th, »ch Eliza Frances, Hunt tor Si
Andrews N'B.
NEWuURYPORT—Ar 16th, icbs Abdon Keene
Keene. Rockland; Orono. Walker, Bangor.
PORTSMOUTH—Ar 15th schs Ella Frances, But
ger. Port Johnson Ned Sumpter, Shaw, New York,
P Hall, Homer, do.
FOREIGY PORTS.
Ar at Honolulu 24th ult, barque Emma 0 Beal,
Bailey. Sau Fianciseo.
At Guautmamo n7lb ult. brig Mattie B Russell
oisg, to load tor Mew York; P M Tinker. Ber
nard, for Puiladelphia.
Ar at St John, NB, 12th lust, sch Florence. Price
Portland.
(Per steamer Cily or Brussels.!
At at Liverpool 2d Inst, Emiua, ltlch, Pensacola
tn ma. Smar*, Galveston: Piufsla. Patten New Or
leans, 4th. Lizzie Moses. Cox, Pensacola.
Sid 3d, Montebello, Kelley, New Orleans; John
Patten. Hill, Savannah.
Cld 4th. John Dimmock, Linco'n, Savannah.
Ar at Lcnaon 2d, J B Bradlev. Nicbols New York
Sid Im Gravesend 4tb Ennis. Hopkins. New Vers.
Ar at Newport 1st Mt Washington, Sedglev, Bris
tol, (and ent out 2d tor Mobile.)
Sid 3d Joon E Chase, liavis, Mobile.
Ar at Cardiff 4th tost. Riehd III, Wood, Bristol.
Sid 3d, Ventus. Vesper, Moileudo.
Ent out 2d, Agenora, White, ior Havana; Sd.TF
Whitten, Carver, lor do; Detroit, Newton, lor Cal
dera
Sid Im Lei$ 30th. Carrie Bertha, Marsters Boat >i
S!d tin Gloucester 4th Ar zona, Colcord Newport
Sid mt Queenstown 2d. Marv Goodell. Swelter, ior
Hamburg 3d. V»i ey Forge, Emerson, Liverpool.
Sid Hu Madeira 15th ult, K H Rich, Wilkinson, tor
Canary Islands.
Ar at Malaga 30th ult, Alice Starrett, Hooper, from
Liseon.
Ar at Havre 3d Inst, Fannie J McLellan, McLel
lau, New York.
Sid fut Amsterdam 29th nit, Hosea Rich, Pierce
Batavia.
Cld at Helvoet 3d, Mont Blanc, Herbert, tor Sava
nali. r
Ar at Dantzic 30IU ult, H C Sibley, Colson, Irom
Now York.
Ar at iironstadt 28tb ult, Montana, Mudgett, New
York; 20th. Proiens, Herriman, do.
Sid tm Riga 10th ult, AnDle M Gray, Ginn, lor
Bo Jon.
Ar at Bahia 1st ult, Frank Flint, Smalley, Liver
pool.
SPOKEN.
June 27. lat 5 13 N, Ion 97 19 E, ship Timour, from
Calcutta tor Boston.
Aug 28. lat 28 15 N, Ion 26 29 W, ship P Pendleton,
from Cardiff tor Bombay.
Sept 7 lat 14 21 N. Ion 28 17 W, ship John C Potter.
Irom Singapore tor London.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
W. I). LITTLE Co.’s,
Insurance Agency,
49 1-9 Exchange StfOct 17/A, 1171.
The Merchant’# and North American In*
•uranet Companies of Hartford.
Having been compelled to surrender and suspend
business or the present, we have to request a'l per
sons holding Policies ot these Companies to hand
them in to us for cancellation without delay. In the
meantime we have endeavored to protect all 01
the Pelicy holders out ol the city, and as far as pos
Bible, those within the city, by placing the'r risks in
other sate companies.
Cily Fire Insurance Company of Hart
ford.
Our advices from the President ot this Company now
in Chib ago warrant us in saying to oar patrons aDd
friends that the "Citv Fire** is all right and will con
tinue business as usual and pay all its losses prompt
ly as herrto»ore.
The Mhaemix in all right paving all its lops a and
leaving a clean surplus of over 81,000,000.
Oct 18-d&«3t
ron Svi L. E
LEiwEnSt0ck amlFi* tares of one of the best
Bar Rooms in tie city, largest thoroughfare
t'yster bench attached. Other busintss teas n for
seiuijg. AdilrpRH
CHARLFS W. PRESCOTT,
ocl® 3t #T Eastern Ave., Boston.
For Sale.
ONE 2 Tenement House, sl'uated on Haughton
"lace, near Dow Si. One or both tenements
will be sold. ice $700 and $800 each The above
property is well situated, supj.ii d w ih Sebago wa
ter, and is a bargain. Enquire at 6i Dow st.
oc!8 3w _
WANTED.
AN Apprentice to team Millinery trade, »t
MRS. W.L SMELL’S,
337 Congress St.
Best ol reference required. _wi8d3t
Store to Eet.
-fl CA Commercial Bt, with ‘loch privlles. (between
153 Unlyn and Widgery’a wh.rl) lately cccu
pied by E- H-Tr^e 153 Commercial -t or to
ST. .i. LltuWNK, 10 sA.eSt.
Every Oay. Miinlajs Excepted.
C.rs r< PAMI’S ami VESTS, Dyed and Cleansed
FOSTER'S I.YE HOUSE. 24 UM IOM ST.,
nearly opposite Falmouth Hotel; Office 3lf Cengreiw
St ltye*d Oarroente warranted not to smut. Garments
cleansed by tlie new -team process have the advan
tage of not shrinking and all spots, grease and gen
eral delects KsrixaLY removed. scptl-newMWit F
KW -A 1) V ERTIS EMEN i>
OPEKIl^o
This EYEMKg
A
AT
331 Congress Street,
Having boen appointed by the
SINGER
Manufacturing Company
Sole AGENTS tor tile sale ol the
SINGER SEWING MACHINE,
In Portland and Vicinity,
SVe have sec and and ttttea up with all ibe necewarv
.-ouTt-meuce* rooms at .ibe above non bo, wb.7.
we shall beep onstan ly h .ml. mb os.\ Z t
MINIJKH MAI III.Mist, l„e va,i no.TMea
»nd Huish, whlcu we s ai« r e happy to show to a 1
who may favor um wi'h a call.
An experienced ‘fjrc-iafc.tr will bo ill a't- udanc* to
bx la*n ih* mechanism ami show thewirkin uual
ities of the Mac hines.
Pei son* in pursuit ol ihe bkst Family Sewing Ma
'hiues, should all means examine
"THE SINGER”
Before purchasing.
An opportunity will be give** any one des‘rl* g so
to do to personally 'est tbe merits ol rhe MacLine f#y
)I»rating it upon any or ail km is ol work
We shtll keep constant I v on hand a mil .g^ort
meut oi Needles. Tharit.l Milk, Hid the va
il us valuaole Mew ug Tiarhiur Altai hiueuls,
s'** the difteient parts oelougi.ig a» ibe Singer uu
•hlne.
lp no*; tail to rail and exateint- our s-oc<, th'mvh
you mnv Already be poised ol a Sewiug Machine.
{^Machines Sold on any term'.
IVHEE LOCK S' SARGEN'l
.I'll t ONURKM NT., Portland.
oct 13-dtf
Sweeber A Merrill,
Wholesale Si Retail
FanCj
161 169 MIDDLE ST.
0il8*2w
MILLINERY!
We invite attention to our Stock ot
FALL WINTKR
Millinery GootG,
BO.VfETM, HATH, IT.OWlIh,
EEATHKft., VELVET*.
KIHBOA1, Ac, Acc.
EASTnAM CUTIS,
c ,l8t(.^0' t tJ- 8- Hot=l Building.
Commerce Ins. Co.
The subscriber would reaper!lull v vite all hold
ers of Policies in the omnier* e Insurance onip uy
of Albany, to return the same to tbi.- offlee in u<e<ii
ste.y that they rna> be otbrrwi<e pr.Uc ed if requir
ed. Without the return ot the Policy this cannot be
done.
J. M. WEBS1EK. Agent.
ocl8dtt No 6S tliddl#
IPrl.r T
Ij^OR Orchestra and Bra»T Band, Four Musician",
Solo Lot net. laiinet an Brass. 2<t \i,bu or
tiarp and Brass, Brass and >tr:n*» Basso.
Season to aat until Ju y 4thf 1872 ad reas
GKO. E, WILSON, Manager Tim atre.
oci7-10t_Old Box 4;4, {iorltl«ni Me.
Notice.
WILL the’.Ge^t'eman who received »b« set ot Jew
elry, cuntd-cin; ot Sleeve nut'oiis, Sm s, dfcc.,
“ome t' o we*ks since, retain tlicsnue io J. b.
FULLER'S Grocery .store ai d save further tr.>ubU.
oc!8 2w
PIANO FORTES.
C 0 R H A M S
ANNUAL
EXHIBITION
-and
sal:
Mr. C I. Gorham, the luanitlhclurer of the popu
lar New York Gotham Plauos, encouraged t»y tbe
flattering success, which attended him at the exhibi
tion and sale ot these instrument last year to Port
land, and thedemin i and sale tor them since that
time, is prompted to repeat the exhibition and sale,
About Nov, 1st, 1871.
Ten Days Only,
Dale of opening and place to be given
hcreaficr.
Thanking the people of Portland tor the very l'horal
patronage and confluence »c have re. e ved f, out
'hem, and feeling assured that our reputation lot
a first c'aes Piano is now flrmiv establish d lit ibis
'hty, we propose to bring aboul (DO) iw-mty or these
instruments. Embracing every yaneoy ot style and
finish. Malting it the largest variety ot elegant
Pianos ever shown in Portlaud.
These Pianos are first class instruments In every
respect, every part being made as we 1 as money and
bands can make them. In many points of internal
coustmction together with design uni elegance ol
ot case we claim a superiority.
We. employ no Agents,
And shall offer the Pianos at a lair living profit
above cost of M anu a ;t ure.
Every Piano is Tul.y warrented tor ibe term of five
years.
Welnvite all lo visit our rooms t the opening and
ifidge tor themselves.
To Parties desirloos otobtaininga really fine Plano
at a moderate cost, this exhibido i and sale will at
mid that opportunity seldom offered.
We shall allow a tair price tor old Pianos la eg
change.
Our New Pianos Sold on easy
Monthly Instalments it desired.
We refer below to severs! parties in Portland, who
have purchased these Pianos ana thoroughly test
ed them one, two and three years; who will now
trankly testify that they are prov'Dg to be In every
respect, ail that could be desired in a Piaoo. Hoid
iug their natural goonness ot tone per ect*y. lb#
actions working with the same nicety as when
uew, and stand ng in tune rent ukably wed. |S«/©r
»1 of the Pianos sold at our exhloition last Novem
ber h»ve not been toned yet, being nearly a year
and are in exceient order now.)
The fact that we have told a large i nmb©
to the best citizens 01 Portland, in so »lort tun©
^how best their merits and excellence.
Among those that have purchased these Planes
are:
*amuel Waterhouse, (lotkiug DaUr,
arlioa Ml
Wm II. Unliliou. .\o5 Oaktt .Firm J n
True
Wm. II. Ntepheuson, State ©I.
Oco U. Knight, Wholesale Druggist, Stale
M. Palmer, Denier in Bo.Is Shots,
Oslo d st.
John E. Palmer. Wholesale Milliner. Win.
ter >t.
Mis D. Choate, Purk st.
J. C. Baker, Conimis ion M.rehaut, Witt
ter st.
Mrs J Hall Little, 4J High st.
D. T. Chase, Cnuibe land st.
E. Mamn Firm Martin. Prnu.ll Cor
W Imolsl
I. P. Wn erhoiise Firm Martin Penm-11 A
Co. ,8 Cedar si.
Frank E. Pro,, niton House, Cm-lton st.
E. P. Brooks, Fitm of O M A E P Cum*
Kerin .d st.
U’nl k Rhodes. Manu’fr Steam Heators.
ougiru at
4.K. What nek. Fi'mikUn st
Fran liu Tukry. Builder, North st
D. s Jones, nsii Ag't E B R >01 th at.
smut* R.iuilali, Builder. W'alei villa st.
Mnm’1 II. <silwey, Mp mg st.
t» em y wai Kent, Atlantic si.
firs Hutier.
M. W. Cllfilphen, Carirng linker, Oxford *1.
l'hom «m l<Mudiill, F«»rcu».«ii rvilinud
Co»a Works, luuin si.
k Hryd^ea, Builder, Norik st,
Joseph Hriclt«u,S ccumppa.
Wrat. II. Naigciii, Collector t usfoius, Coa
line.
John 44 Dresser, Alauu’fr Coidnge, Cat*
tine.
Wcahali also ofter with tlie^e Pianos u large va
riety ot el-g int Piuuo covers,
Also several secoi.d liana Piano?, which wa taVa
already takeu in exchange.
C. Id. Goriium A Co.
October, 1871. octl* WJkStt i,