V FRANCE.
Oppositionists Against X.
SETt^'weire's Appointment.
nw
I Aeeassd ef Koaarehical T?dtncioo?
"Spofli" tat the "Vietors"? Com.
4 acreUl Aeeord with Gtrau j?
ka'a? LEaA* Tf TW *W T3JK KBALSL
ZSSw PXnV>' 187L
tu ot oai Journals ere unanimous in their cen
ia appointor"' ot JL i'oreire to the Mima,
nterlor. *?d accuse M. Thiers "of pre*
ooiMwot a republican government wlth
rrpubUcana to bis aid or counsels."
now Timirr with oiaiuMr.
i from Versailles state that during a
the Fermament Commission yesterday
itated that "all dimouKies in the way
cation of the Customs Treaty with Qer
i 3en removed."
OOMMUNIgm' OOKBBCTIOtC.
also brought np during the sitting the
e trial of the Communists, and urged
low remaining in prison be speedily
*e the proper tribunals.
flow or spKcia.
in the Bank or France has been in
0 francs during the past week.
[ANY AND FRANCE.
ional Conventions Said To Be
Signed.
AM TQ THE NEW YORK HERALD.
T Bbbi.in, Oct. IS, 1871.1
nere Hut two commercial conven
France and Germany were signed
t lLJP^eyer-Quertter will leave to>
is.
'Oil AND.
Strike Movement at New
Progressing to Riot
ti
r
pi
T)

*ra
jur
)9ai
T
lane
sn thi Police tad the W or king
end Imprisonment? Xailroad
Accidents? Manchester Con*
French Commercial Policy.
TO THE HEW YORX HERALD.
London, Oct. is, 1871.
work hours difficulty between the
kingmen at Newcastle seems aa
rat as before.
refuse to employ all of their old
nployers will not agree to pay an
concessions on time unless they
re the skilled labor of the old
"ore, continues, and threatens to
irious disturbances.
arvices of the pouce were necea
lplent riot, in which several men

later* were arrested.
OLDS TBB CO BDBN -BONAr AJITE
TBI AT Y.
hamber of Commerce at, a meet
tbe proposed abrogation of the
treaties, adopted a resolve ex*
regret at bearing "that the
contemplated a measure which
k change of commerce between
un tries."
KOAD ACCIDBNT.
:ident to tho Scotch express
which several persons were in
At ACCTOBNT.
log ship Racer has again been
>n.
yrTON fftTTPLV.
of Dublin, from Mew York,
.ton at Liverpool.
fSTBIA.
pro*
Excitement on the Frontier.
1AM TO THMtW YORK HERALD,?*
Vienna, Oct. IS, 1871.
'blch baa reached the capital from
the government that the inhabitants
wn m Croatia, are in revolt on ac
<ale of the forests, la the district
Uilt&ry frontier.
sores have been taken by the Ana
s to suppress the outbreak.
?MD OCT" BY IXTMIALIBIC.
omAgram. the capital of Croatia,
the revolt in Oguiin baa been sap
leaders were killed and nearly all
aken prisoners.
to the moan tains.
:j manifestoes were placarded in
SPAIN.
ii?n and Republicanism on the
Offensive.
r i TO TTJEJttW YORK HERALD.
Mat>rit>, Oct. 13, 1871.
upturn which occurred lately be
i enu of Sailors Sagasta and Zorllla
It are said to be ripe for an oflon
the government.
HOME.
d-re Alarmed and Soma Co?>
i Ait to Xmigrate.
It is sta.
Catholic conk
orders hfive l?e
Df the Kiog or 1.
property, that the.
|o to Bngtana and
Jean a convents and l
fW YORK HE RAUL
Rows, Oct. IS, 1871.
ors or many or the
onaatlo or cloister
the reoent action
<onses ana land
this city ana
propose to
VICTORIA
Ibasraria; Reports ef Hn on.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW Yb
LONDOi
Reports from the royal honsehoi
fctusen, assure the people that the
Jpsjsety qoeen Victoria is improving.
EUGENIE.
SajBcted Boms from Torquay.
TELEQAR TO TrfEJKW YORR HERALD.
IX)XDON, Oct. IS, 1171.
Despatches vhich have been received from the
temporary reettenoo or the ex-Kmpress of Prance at
Erqna; annomce that Qer Majesty will return to
r ^(pe (it Ohteihurst at ?a ?ir>7 qwoMnk
TBI LITEST FROM CDIC1GO.
Tke CtttawWU Mar??raa ud Anxioua-Appra
oft Cu?Hinj to ftmln the City
Pnmdlafte the Beatitata-The Proipaoti
of Re?paper Raaomptiaa General
aharian'a foldiera Digging Oat
MW Ml Preserving Order.
Chicago, Oct. 18, ltn.
The eo?l ?4ea an burning lot lonely to-night,
Lighting up tix heavens ror miles around. No dan
ger la apprelended, bat the lUamlaatto)! makes
many elttsenainxioaa.
A small fire xjourred this afternoon In the sonth
weat part of tie city, bnt was extinguished without
the aid of thfcFlre Department. The citizens are
highly excited m the subject of the incendiarism,
and many tnai* that a determined conspiracy la an
foot to bora vp the city.
BBCiriR FOB THB HOUSSLB88.
Ninety thoisand Inhabitants of the burned dlstrlot
have come arer Into the West Division and found
temporary afidlng places with the dwellers. Food
in profnsloc is distributed to tba churches and
schoolhonse*. Some of the laboring classes take
advantage of the free distribution and reftise to
work for !es* tkan a dollar an hour.
One hundred destitute children were provided
with homes in Cincinnati.
A MAMMOTH SOUP BOUSB
la in rapid process of erection by the Cincinnati Re
lief Committee, and when finished will be turned
over to the Chicago authorities to be run all winter
at an expense of about $ia per day. It will supply
hundreds with nourishment dally.
THK MILITARY FOBCf
has been increased by General Sheridan, and guards
are placed on almost every block where valuables
are burled in the debris of the fire. Hundreds of
shanties for temporary dwellings are being put up
in the burned district. There is an enormous de
mand for lumber, and it has run op from $13 to $1T
per thousand 1 or common. Multitudes of people
are leaving the city for St Louis and other points
West. The Mayor grants free passes to womeo and
children.
rin NKwaPAPias.
J. B. Macullougb, of the flnpuWfoan, loat 140,000,
but resumed publication to-day. Story, of the
Times, will not reissue tor a mouth. William Og
den, head of the Chicago committee, has loat over
$4,000,000 tyr me Chicago ?ud Qreea Bay, Wis.,
fires.
The water worts' main parape are undergoing re
pair and will be at work in a few days. The Trib
une of to-day aoggeats that if
Tax OOVBRNMXXT WILL 8PIKD FIT* MILLIONS Or
DOLLAHd
for new government buildings it will do more than
anything else to restore publlo confidence. On the
whole, excellent order has prevailed since the fire.
CONTRIBUTIONS FROM THE AHKKICiN W
8TITITE FAIR.
OcroDia 13 11 F. M.
To ma Editob or ths Hbbalo
The following contribations from the managers of
the American Institute Fair will be rorwanled at
once to Chicago:
Total receipts at doors of th? Pair, Friday, Oct. 11. .Q1.197 80
Employe* of tM Institute 168 50
Orchestra 6V CO
Restaurant employes 01 GO
Visitors' contributions SO 34
Miscellaneous WW
Total donation. ave2?
Keapectlully.
UBO. FRANCIS DAWSON, Superintendent.
RELIEF FROM EUROPE.
Successful Progress of the Charitable
Work in the Old World.
London, Liverpool, Southampton, Edinbnrg, Ber
lin, Paris, Frankfort and Dublin Respond
Immediately and Nobly to the Gall from
Chicago? The Canadian Railway Bop.
re;ontativos Active and Liberal
Municipalities and Private Citi
?en* Mournful bat in En*
ergetie Kflftnrt
TE II BRASS TO THE HEW TURK HEBALO.
London, Oct. 13, 1871,
The worK for the relief or the Chicago sufferers
progressed munificently and universally, not only in
this city, but in the neighboring towns of England
and on the continent.
The following reports present the main features
of the movement as they nave been Been (luring
yesterday and to-day:?
London crrr.
The Lord Mayor, Aldermen ana Conn oilmen of the
city of London assembled in special corporate mee>
tug in Guildhall to-day.
The Right Honorable the Lord Mayor took the
chair.
After the reading of the mlnnteo of the previous
meeting the subject of the Chicago fire and its un
happy consequences was officially considered.
Resolutions of sympathy appropriate 10 the occa
sion were adopted unanimously, and it was lurthor
more agreed to and ordered unanimously that the
sum ot 1,000 guineas bo taken from the city treasury
and forwarded Immediately to the United States,
to be Dlaeed to the credit of the Mayor of Chicago
and applied for ttj relief of the sufferers by the Are.
rarVATB SUBSCRIPTIONS IN LONDON.
The Lord Mayor of London received money sub
scriptions rrom private Individuals In the city during
the day yesterday, 12th instant, which exceeded
seven thousand pounds sterling in the aggregate.
BANKBRS' CONTRIBUTIONS,
Messrs. Daring, Morgan, the Rothschilds and
Brown Shipley k Company, bankers, of London,
nave subscribed ?1,000 sterling each to the Ameri
can relief fund.
TAB ANOLtVCANADIAN RAILROAD CORTOBATION3.
The representatives of the Ureat Western Kauway
or Canada and of the brand Trunk Hallway of
Canada* suosenbe 41,000 sterling ror eacli of these
corporations.
LIVERPOOL.
Thf city and lanfcu Chambers of Corn.
Livrrpool, Oct. 13, 1871.
The Liverpool Chamber or Commerce toon mea
sures for the relief of the people of Caicago during
the meeting yesterday.
A sum of ?M6 was voted from the funds for the
purpose.
The American Chamber of Commerce in Liverpool
appropriated 913,000 to the Cntcago relief fund to
day, and tho association has summoned a mass
meeting in order to receive turther aid lor the suf
jerers.
SOUTHAMPTON.
Mercantile Liberality and a Qtacral Call la
the CiitSMi.
Southampton, Oct. 13, 1971.
The leading merchants of benthampton have
opened a subscription list for the Chicago aid fund.
Ihey call on the inhabitants generally to contribute
according to ttieir means.
Tne Mayor of Southampton has Issned an appeal
for the suffering people o( Chicago, calling on the
citueus to contribute money ana clothing.
SCOTLAND.
41nbarg Merchants ats4 the Municipality
Maria*.
EDINSCRO, Oct, 13, 1871,
members of the Bdlnburg Chamber or Com
nave adopted, unanimously, a resolution
T the Lord Provost to call a mass meeting
ens in order that a relief committee may
hi and commissioned to take measures
the distressed people of Chicago.
BERLIN.
and Hands for the New Cans*.
Btar.ni. Oct 13, 1571.
vuy the TresMoat of Has Direction of Pa
ym. giMf 4>c Wggpb. jyH Mr. a. urcumaaa yio
Hotted States Consul, head the lists for reliei" too
Chicago sufferers, tad ore active la aeoartag
scnpttono.
FRANKFORT -ON-THE-MAINe
Buken i?4 OlerekuU u frtptiudbti of
Clwrilf.
Fiunifo*t-on-th?-Main, Oct. IS, 1STX.
The leading bankers and prominent merchants of
Frankfort take an active interest to toe Chicago r?
ller movement, both by the donation of very cred
itable contributions and personal efforts for the ob
lalnmeot of subscript loos from their fellow-cltlaeoe
ond their friends in other German communities.
PARIS.
QMsl Call lor u Aaerlcw Meetlug.
Pabis, Oct. 13, 1871*
united States Minister Washburne has issued on
official call for an American meeting to be held in
this city to-morrow, so that his fellow citizens resi
dent here may subscribe for the relief of the Chicago
suuerenu __
DUBLIN.
CKIsea Call for a Civic Assemblage of Relief*
Dublin, Oct. is, 18T1.
MOny of the most prominent citizens of tne me
tropolis of lrelond have joined In a requisition to
the Lord Mayor of Dublin, asking him to call a pub
lic meeting for the purpose of establishing o Chi
cogo Belief Fund."
INSURANCES IN EUROPE.
Losses of the Liverpool Cowpanles.
London, Oct. is, 1871.
The losses of the Liverpool Insurance companies
by the Chicago Are are estimated at ?420, ooo.
THE FIRES IN MICHIGAN.
Sufferings Among the Settlers
on Lake Huron.
Several Villages Entirely De
stroyed.
Story of a Victim Fleeing for
Life.
[From the Detroit Post, Oct IX]
Correspondence from the npper counties shows
that the danger from the Ores la not so great as It
was a few days ago, and that the shower of Tuesday
considerably checked the progress of the flame*.
Ttie propeller Mohawk, Just arrived from Lake
Huron, reports that the
MANITOU ISLANDS
were on fire when she passed them on Sunday, and
the loss of Rtandlug timber must have been large.
The news from the
SHORE OP I.AKK HURON
has not quite so black a look as at the time onr yes
terday's paper was put to press, although there Is
still enough in that section to call for the liveliest
sympathy, and to appeal effectively for aid.
VILLAOE3 DESTROYED.
Other news from this coast confirms the stories
given yesterday of the losses and sufferings of the
inhabitants, which have been terrible in the ex
treme. Several villages havo been utter
ly consumed: of others whose late is yet
in doubt, the probabilities are stronirly
against their sau-ty. Of PorrestvlHe nothing was
saved, tilm Creek is also an utter ruin. A born
and part ot a pier are all that are I sit of White Hock.
Sand lleacli ts reported destroyed. If this is true it
1* the second time tne same calamity has happened
Ouring teu years. There are still rumors th.it l^ock
Kails, port Hope, Hurcn City, Port Austin ami other
villages have lulleu a prey 10 the names, but as the
tuieurapli is not in operation aoove KlcUmondvllle,
nothing detinUe lu tins respect can i>e ascertained.
TUB 8CITER1NJ8 OF TUB PEOPLE
on the shore were, from all accounts, very great
Many bad their hands blisterod, and only saved
their laces from the same Infliction by frequently
ducking them in the water. Manv or those who were
carried to Port Huron were suffering lroiu fire tillnU
ii oss, and some i.*i down insensible upon the
boat as soon as they were taken on
beard. A story Is told of one man who
drove to Forresivi'le irom his home, two miles
back In the country, with lus mother in the wagon.
As they passed along the road the heat was so
great tliAt /ace and hands were blisterod and the
cu&nce of saving tn*.'r lives seemed not altogether
sure. At one uoint tney aa~ woman lying by the
roadside, but whether dead or only laseflnoic i".?T
could not tell, nor did they stop to see, but drove on
as rapidly as possible, tain king this the only poesi*
blc way of saving their own lives.
At Bock Falls it is said that the Are came In at the
rate of
EIGHT MILES AN HOUR,
and people from the surrounding region drove In at
the best pace their teams could nhow to keep ahead
of It.
INCIDENTS.
Two or three of the towns were loTaded by the
lire at midnight, and people were aroused from
their slumbers only just in rime to rush into the i
water, and without time to save sufficient clothing
for a decent protection, while cattle, horses, sheep,
hogs, and even chickens ran into the water to keep
tacmcowpany.
8TORT or a norm.
Mr. tHenrj Scbuitg, his wife and two children,
the elder not more (ban two years or age, arrived
down by the steamer Ward yesterday artemoon
from Forrestvllle in entirely destitute circum
stances, bavins lost everything by the Are.
M r. schilllg owned a tarra rive miles rrom Forrust
vllle. Fired had been rasing around htm for Homo
time. He bad prayed earnestly lor rain, which
be believed wonld soon come, aa the aoason was
already r&r advanced, and nave lam lrom the
danger which had threatened him Dearly all summer.
On Sunday last the wind blew strongly, ancl at
nigh i it increased to
A i'KRFKCT TORSADO.
About one o'cIuck ou Sunday morning he wan
aroused by the shrieking of tne wind and the dense
volume of smoke winch came pouring into his
d wt lltng. Springing from bis bod he discovered that
the Ore was close upon him and that ills outbuild
ings were already burning. Hastily seizing bis
young children, and, arousing bis wife, they maue
their escape into the open atr. They were not there
a moment too quick, lor no sooner had they left the
house than it waa on Are, and In a few moments
more they mus', Inevitably have perlsbod to it. To
go bad Into the building to recover anything, even
their ordinary clothing, except the scanty portion
whloh they had hastily thrown ou alter setting out
01 bed, was impossible. Their only salvation was
to
HTTV FOR Tim* TJTJW.
The flames wero all about them on every aide,
ana, impelled by the rur.y of the tornado, they
roared nko mad demons, ltcktnjr up everything com
bustible in their course. Mr. Schilllg saw his dwell
ing, with all Its contents, his crops and tools and all
the accumulation* 01 yeara of hard toil wrapped in
Are.
The only hope or sirring his lire and that of
his family was to flee to the lake shore, Ave
miles away. In that desperate strait, and doubt
rul of ever reaching a place of safety, he
started on bis midnight flight througn Are and
smoke. The heavens were Turld with name and
the siuoke was blinding and stiAing. The road for
ihe most part or ihedisiance lay through the woods,
and these were all on Are. The underbrush and
leaves on the ground were all ailamo, and the burn
ing Hunks ol tree* were falling In all directions,
often these obstructed his way, and he was obliged
to make Circuits about tliem, literally walking
through Ore, or to climb over ibe living embers.
Mr. Schtillg describes it as
A PKARFUL TOCnXBT,
and one can readily concclvc that rach It was.
Hi* experience was doubtless only one of many,
aud there Is no question that Ills was an excep
tion, in that it was successfully maue. Hundieda
of rammed have perished on such journeys, lie
sajs that aouietimes it seemed as tnough his
strength would tail. But bis wife kept up good
courage, and he was nerved by the thought of
bis help, ess little ones which he carried in his
arms, if he had had time to get his icam and
wagon they would have oeen useless, as tne road
was made impassable by fallen trees.
riiK long, u?o Niunr
at langth wore slowly away, and Just at daylight he
arrive-i at Forrest* tile, only to And thetowd already
consumed and the inhabitants huddled in dismay
upon tne anore of the lake. Fortunately tne
steamer Huron was soon at hand, and by ner they
were taken off and brought to Port Huron,
where they were furnished wua clothing.
PROM IORT HfRON.
A letter containing the following was sent by onr
Port Huron correspondent yesterday afternoon:?
"Cp to this time no particulars have been received
from the lane shore later than those published in
the Pour of to-day. Weaie waiting with the greatest
anxiety to near the rate of the sufferers who left in
tne small boats and scows Monday afternoon and
Tuesday morning, in order to escape the flames from
tue burning woods, aud aiso trom those left on
the shore with no means of conveyance whatever.
Several hundred persons mast be out ot homes and
wlthont food or shelter, and we fear that many liv
ing back from the shore, who were surroundod on
all sides try ire. bate oeen destroyed. Those who
came down yesterday predict leariul results, and
tiMM* havKur mends 1* Mat region are Mint every
W-jyw to Kvt, Ui&iUtffata Uout jjjf yv?
Lexington toe telegraph wires are down, and so
intelligence can t>e communicated oxcept by boat*
and ra&njr of them dare not approach the shore.
The sufferers here are well provtdecJ. As soon
a s the lntelltfrence was announced that nearly
two hundred persona were tn oar city ippnllts to
onr charities our ci'lzens visited tno ateamer
Huron, lying at the dock, anu one ?f the
most pitiable spectacles preaentod Itaelf to
our eyes we have ever seen. The cabin sand
atateiooms were crowded with an eager, careworn
and distressed people. Many ot (hem were without
shoes or stockings, hats, caps or clothing enough
to go into the streets. Mothers had Infants In
their arms not a week old, others two and
three children in their laps erring, one nan had
both eyes badly burned and bandaged. Another
had his face all burned over and his breast and
arms burned to a blister. Physicians soon came,
and carriages were provided and the snflming ones
taken to hotels ana private residences, ana In a
abort time all were provided for. The Injured ones
are mostly at Thompson's Hall, where the/ have
been visited by hundreds to-day and last night.
Bandages, clothing, medicine and provisions have
been sent in lu abundance, and ladles are canvass*
ing the city for more. This morning a rew haviag
friends out ol the city and wishing to reach them,
were furnished means of transportation*
THE MANISTEE FIRE.
The Flourishing Town of Manistee Almost Oblit
erated? The Inhabitants Powerless to Arrest
the Flames? One Million Dollars' Worth of
Property Destroyed? Destitution of the
Inhabitants? A Call for Aid.
Detroit, Mich., Oct. 13, 1871.
Pull particulars or the burning of Manistee,
Mich., on Sunday night, were received to-day.
About ten o'clock the Are engine gave out after
which the flames ravaged, without resistance, the
helpless town, the wind blowing a gale all night.
The loss la estimated at nearly tli000,ooo, upon
which there Is only $80,000 insurance.
The Bufferings of the people are beyond descrip
tion, Manistee being so far beyond immediate com
munication that considerable time passed before
their wants could be made known. The people
of Grand Rapids and Qrand Haven
promptly supplied tnelr immediate necessities,
and Senator Ferry and the Mayor of Grand
Rapids have Issued an earnest appeal to the people
of the whole State for aid. They say the latest news
from Manistee more than confirms all previous re
ports of the suffering there existing. The necessities
of the people are imperative. They need Immedi
ately flour, meat and clothing. Direct all aupplies
to Senator Ferry, Grand Haven. A government
vessel w.ll carry all contributions from Qrand Ha
ven to Manistee
The people of Detroit and other cities In Michigan
are responding nobly to the appeal made to
their generosity, A car load of provisions leaves
bore to-night for Grand Haven, and one
goes from Lansing in the morning. Large
quantities of clothing, bedding and pro
visions are being forwarded by boats to
Boit Huron, Lexington and Port Sanllao for the
relief of the sufferers. Hundreds of destitute people
have spngregatou at those places.
LATBR.
Reports from Holland announce that Rev. Mr.
Scott is safe, and it is now believed that no lives
were lost at the burning of that town.
THE PHILADELPHIA RIOT.
Faneral of the Murdered Mnjor C'atto~-A
Cowardly Asenawinatloii? Investigation by
the Coroner.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct, 13, 1871.
The police are searching for the murderers of
Catto and Chase. Catto was major of the colored
brigade. Oef|ral Wagner, in his order for the
parade of the regiment to attend the funeral on
Monday, aajs:?
I Tt was while in the act of obeying an order he had retired
as a soldier thai the mm*;rcr met him. flavins been ordered
by the Assistant Adjutant General of the brigade to notify
several offloei.- of this command to order their mrn to the ar
mories to be ready to al l In the suppression of the not then
In prowess, be proceeded home to obtain hie equipments,
and while upon his own doorstep was ruthlessly
aasaulieJ with a bludgeon knocked down and mortally
wounded by pistol shots through the heart and In his right
arm, left shoulder and left thigh. Thus terminated the life of
Major Catto. Conscientious and faithful aa an officer, he la
bored effectively In the organisation of this commaod, aad
fell an honored and rcspeoted soldier of the Commonwealth.
In civil life he wis known as an accomplished scholar and
educator; lu literary cirales as a distinguished linguist,
wbo/a thorough knowledge of the languages will rsuder It
difficult to ?l! We professor's ^.*lr. He was an upright
Christian, whose piety was lofty and sincere; a pure-minded
Cutriot, wbc served Ills country In her darkest hour a oour
ious gentleman and valiant soldier, who died as be had
lived, wlti^it fesr and without reproach.
The body will lie In state at the City Armory on
Monday.
The Coroner's Jury Is Investigating the marder of
Catto. The evidence Is conclusive that frank Kelly
was the murderer. Homo witnesses testily that Catto
flred a shot at Ms assailant, and others that he did
not lire. The police sergeant swore to finding a pis.
totf on the body of the deceased, but it was empty
and naa iivj: b?c? recon,!v flre^ i~.
This aftcrnddli lirgS Ineetfng Of the citlzehs \ri?
held to express indignation at the murder of Proies.
sor Catto. Addresses were made by Colonel A. K.
McClnre, Rev. J. Walker Jackson, W. u. Maun, ex
Governor Pollock and others.
THE RAID OH MANITOBA.
Reinforcements Be In# Forwarded to the Red
River Country.
Toronto, Ont., Oct. 13, 1871.
Tne Dominion government are drafting men from
the different militia districts and sending them,
thoroughly equipped, to reinforce the companies
now in Manitoba. Ther start immediately via the
Thunder Bay route.
ARREST OF WESTERN DESPERADOES.
Mii.waceek, Wis., Oct, 13, 1871.
l'be ringleader of tn? gang ot desperadoes who
attemntedto throw a passenger train rrom the
track night Dcfore last has been arrested. The gang
were part or a Chicago plandenng party fleeing
irom Plnkerton's detectives, with the intention of
raiding on Racine or Milwaukee. This intention
being apprehended, the railroad authorities pre
vented them from coming farther north. They re*
tailated by attempting a wholesale slaughter or pas
sengers.
OLD IB LA HP.
Convention of the Irinli Catholic Benevolent
Union of A en erica.
lK)UI8vn.i.?, Kv., Oct. 18, 1871.
The Convention of the Irish Catholic Benevolent
Union of America, In session here to-day, adopted a
new constitution and selected Philadelphia as the
place of meeting Q&xt year.
EIPL08I0H flOOaAO TUKITEI>
8miVGPiBi.D, Mass., Set 1^1671.
TTTillo some workmen at the Hoosac tunnel were
withdrawing an anoxploded charge of gunpowder
the charge exploded, and lerry Columbus was .in
Btau'iy killed and two outer men injured.
TELEft&APHIO WEWB ITEMS.
The Yale Nine will plav the New Haven Hurt a earn* of
bane bail tor it* amateur championship at Mew Haven to
day.
Cincinnati fearing an Influx of thieve* and rongha, the
Mayor baa orilerrd Uie arrcit of all imptcloua per*on*.
Homer A. Ne <om decltnee the democratic nomination for
Bute Senator In tbe fcJeventh dutrlct.
The Republican Count* Convention at Buffalo vetterdav
nominated L. L. Lewl? for State Senator.
An additional number of tbe bodies of North Carolinian*
wbo fell at dsttystmm havs arrives at Ralel?k, N. 0.
It 1* ananuneed that n guarantee fund ha* been raleed by
the director* of the New Kngland Insurance Company of Bos
ton, and It will continue buetnea*.
A battalion of cavalry will oompo*e the escort of the pro
eeiaton at the laying of the corner *ion* of the Boston Pott
Office on Monday, the order eaaing out the First brigade t
militia having been rescinded.
The Bchwabe Oallerv of Fallen Heme* was sold at aoetlon
tn Boitoa y?sleMay by ordsr of the mortgage*. It we* bid
In by oc* or the Mortgages for $2,500.
EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Loxnos Hobby London. Oct. 13?4 P.H.?
Con*ol* cloced at 91 V tor monev and WH for Uie ac
count. American *ecurlties heavy. Five-twenty bonds,
IMi's, IMS**, 89 V* 1M7'*, Nig ten-forties, 87
Pabis Bowasa.? Pawn, oct is? 1 .30 P. M Kent**, Mf.
WPaK18, Oct. 18-4 :80 P. French rentes, Mf. ?H.
LITSBVOOL Cotton Maikkt.? Ltvtaroot- ?*t 18?
4 3D P. X. Cotton trm. MtdJilug culanda, hj^d. middling
Orleans, lOd. Sales of tbe day, 1\#0U bales, including JkOflO
for emport and *i>aeulatlon. Hales of cotton on (hip named
at Savannah or Charleeton at 9 ;,d. Sale* of eoUon or the
week, M,0IM bnles, of which 10,0)8 were for export and 84.000
for (peculation. Stock on band, 471,000 balsa, of which
144, oro are American. Receipt* of the week, 40,^00 bales.
Including 1(,U00 American. AcihaI a nfm
...v vmt9?%
eluding 11,000 American. Actual export, 9.000 hale*.
mans at Manchsstbb.? Livbbpooi,, Oot. U?
Advicee from Mancheeter ttate that tbs market for yarns
and fahrioa I* Meady.
LiviarooL Hasans rtrrv* Ha*?bt.? Lrvsnvoou oet
18- 1 (88 P. M. Breadduir* firmer. Wheat? California white,
l.t*. 3<l. red apilng, lie. ?vl. a lis. 7d. i red winter, lis. lOd.
Receipts of wheatdorlng ths laat three daye, 30,000 quarters.
Including 1.5,000 Amsrican. Corn? No. I mixed, Ms. Fans?
Livitmoi. monro* M AtiiT.-Lmnrooi, Oct. IS?
1 Hi P. M.? Tallow 4da. Un*eed oil. Ma.
Loktmin FnoimoB Hahsbt.? tonnoj, Oct. 18? Evss
WASHItfoTON.
A If Ice System of Jobbing
Exposed.
Serious Charges Against the Board
of Steamboat Supervisors.
ANOTHER HUGE RAILROAD LAND GRAB.
Martial Law To Be Proclaimed in
Booth Carolina.
Washing to if, Oct 13, 1871.
The Cabinet Meeting
At the Cabinet meeting to-day all the members
were present except Mr. Akermao, who is absent
lrom the city.
AMtktr Victory far the President.
General Sherman returned to-day from the West.
The moat important news which the General brings
la that two of Grant's colts took premium* at Wesc
ern lairs, one of them, a yearling, trotting a mile in
3:1T. Tlila was cheering news at the White liouss
and put everybody in good humor.
Departaare of the Presidential Partf<
The President, Mrs. Grant and daughter, Post,
master General Cieswell and wife, aud her sister,
Miss Me Inure; the Secretaries of the Treasury and
Navy and General Porter left to-night In a special
car for Boston. Secretary Belknap and General
Babcook will start for the same city to-morrow.
Jobbery An?n? the Heard of Hleaaboal In
spector*? A Scenaalsatln Needed.
The special meeting of the Board or Supervising
Inspectors of Steamboats, now being held In this
city, has developed not only a desire to evade the
law for the safety of passengers, bat an amount of
Jobbery that is astounding. The little schemes of
the inventors of life-saving apparatus and other
appliances were to oe expected, and there is ma
chinery enough here to fill the Patent Office; but
the jobs are in an entirely different direction; and
the chief promoters of them are the supervis
ing inspectors themselves. Mr. Addison Low,
the member or the board from New Tork,
occupies a very singular position with regard
to these schemes, and appears to be the friend and
counsellor of the steamboat interest as opposed to
public security and saToty. He was the leading
Bplrlt In setting aside the law or Congress so that its
provision In regard to the appliances to boilers and
the equipment or steamers will not take effect till
January 1, 1872, thus making the Weetfleld and
other aocldents possible. It was mostly through the
influence that the meetings or the Board were made
secret. He it was who secretly invited the steam
boat interest to come forward and combat the
law, and he declared at a moetlng or
the Board that the act or Congress was conceived In
iniquity and born n fraud, e\afi going so far as to
assert that evary friend of the law which It Is bis
duty to execute was the friend or a Job. For this
be was taken severely to task by Mr. Bemis, of
Buffalo, and no afterwards explained his words
away, but not till after the animus of tne majority
or the Board was made manlfosK In Bome respects
the law requires amendment. The act was drawn
by two clerks in the Treasury Department, both or
whom have been dismissed from their positions for
artlully Inserting provislous In the bill In the Interest
of speculators. It will be necessary to dismiss nearly
every member of the Board before the aot oan be
properly amended or the law be made operative.
Secretary Bout well's order reconvening the Super
vising Inspectors In their present session was in
tended more particularly to secure a wise and
equitable amendment of the law than for anything
else, but In this desire be Is llxely to be defeated by
the unwillingness to aid blm ot this very Board.
To-day the Board gave a hearing to Western steam
boatmen, who are anxious to secure a greater
amount of steam for freight boats, that they may
be able to olow up their engineers and deck hands
with impunity. The same kind of thing is con
stantly engaging the attention of the Supervising
Inspectors, and the/ are having a lively row among
themselves, a few men in the board taking tlie
ground that the stringent provisions of the law
were intended to protect the lives of the traveling
public, while the majority seek only the interests of i
the steamboat owners. If the light goes on for
manj days longer there wlil be some queer ex
---'res.
Vo T Natlraal Bank Take*.
The stockholders in the national banks of K?w
York, having been assessed a State tax on the
amount of tnelr stock, have been avoiding direct
payment, the banks making the payments for them,
in this way the question or the liability ol the banks
for the payment of a tax on dividends has been
ralseu, It being claimed that tho laws or Congress
have been evaded to the atnonnt of State tax paid
by the banks. W. ff. tlollis and Benjamin D. Sllll
man, of New York, are here to argue the matter be
fore the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and a
decision of the question will soon be made.
Another L.nad Oral Auenpml.
Washington wants a railroad to the Chesapeake,
and Rome New York and Boston capitalists are will
ing to balk) It if Congress wUI grant them two mil
Hons of acres of public land. In consideration for
this grant the company will agree to allow the crov
ment to pass the malls, and in time of war troops
and monitions, free of charge. No more extraordi
nary land grabbing attempt has been made in many
years, and yet It seems its projectors will seriously
press the scheme before Congress.
Martial Law for Soath Carolina*
The proclamation of the President commanding
the Ku Klux la certain counties in South Carolina
to disperse and surrender their arms and disguises
In Ave days, is only the legal form for proclaiming
martial law. The counties named in the procla
mation have bnt few newspapers and poor tele
graphic facilities. The proclamation was dated
yesterday, and by limitation expires on Monday
next. It Is not expected that the marauding bands
will hear the news of the proclamation by tnat
tune, but it is expected that martial law will be
proclaimed in a few days. Troop* aecessarr to
enforce the ^resident's orcferaru already la South
Carolina.
HmbIssiIm of Arcoaafs of Dlabarsia*
Ofleaih
1 PInee the defalcation of Major Hodge the Secre
tary of the Treasury has given Instructions thai all
the accounts of disbursing offlcers connected with
the Treasury Department shall be promptly exam
ined. Those relating to tne construction accounts
of the New York and Boeton Post Office buildings
have been found correct. There was some suspicion
that disbursing officers in Washington had been
using government funds, but a thorough examina
tion of theur returns and vouchers showed that the
accusation was unfounded. Only seven ac
counts have been examined, those of
Colonel Van Buren, of New York, who
was tne pension agent of .that city, showed a deficit
or a little over eleven thousand dollars. On the Mh
instant he paid into the Treasury 16,600, and to-day
$6,900 was turned over to the government, together
with a claim for refund on account of ever-pay*
ment. This la admitted at the Treasury Department
with a smile that is childlike and bland, and the
difference between his indebtedness and the sum
paid will be repaid to Colonel Van Buren.
Esuaalve Flrea Tbroeghaat the JUoky Mora,
ml?.
General Humphreys. Chief of the Engineer Bureau,
War Department, to-day received a letter from Clar
ence King, geologist, la charge of the geological ex
pedition of the fortieth parallel, dated "Camp in
as ton. Uinta Mountain, October a," la which he
states that extensive Urea have raged throughout
the Rocky Mountalna since AuguM 3ft, nilng the air
with such volumes or smoke so as to altogether atop
their topographical work. On the ad of October a
heavy snow storm prevailed, and on tne 3d, for the
first time, the aur waa clear. Engineer King says the
survey will be completed by the 1st of December,
tnd that the expedition Is very snooesafol.
Th? Aatrleas Mh l? plan latere**.
WllUaaa. H? Webb, the shipbuilder and steam
strip owner, or New York, had an Interview with
VSfWWt tn regard to me "^f-
Mr. Webb thanks UmC
mil? Onagwii shall do sometWng at the next am*
(ton to aid steam navigation eve ry American itm?
will kavnto giro way to a British una wltttn o ?am
j?t,
Iwirtpian fegr the PmUmi.
The President baa appointed Kdwanl L. atonal
Collector of Coatoma for the District of Texan,
William McMlehael Assistant Attorney oeneral, and
Charts* Cheater solicitor at Internal Ravenna.
New Tark Cmmtmm Hwm
The following appointments In the Hew Tot*
CuHtom Honaa ware oonAnnetf at the Trewurj:?
Jobn'H. Kimberlv, entry clerk; /ames M. Wheder,
amendment clerkj A. O. RanKtn, Frank T. Barker,
William a. Bardic, Fred, a later, A. J? WUkinee?,f
W. D. Reeendorf and Charles D. dark, oterke; Aie*?
andar EL Keech and E. a. Oaaffirean, Inspectors.
FBESHET II THE PEK08SCM.
Unprecedented Rise in the River
Destruction of Lumber? Railroad
Travel Interrupted.
Bangor, Me., Oct. IX UTl.
The heavy rain of yesterday caused an almost na>
preoedenwd freshet In the Fenobeoot, the water
having risen nearly nine feet in twenty-roar houtsi _
and still rising. f
About Ave million logs, sank in deed water abo^t
the old town, bare broken from their fastenings am*
are fast floating past this city. Large quant It tea
must inevitably be lost.
It is feared that maoh damage will be done n?
bridges, Ao. No train on tbe msln Central Rallroa*
baa arrived since Thursday morning, one will Mb
due about midnight,
A Hawmlll Swept Aw.iy? HrM?rs Deitrcfai.
PORTLAND, Me., OCt. 1.1, 18ft.
A sawmill owned by Merntt Bros., st North Port
land, was entirely swept away by the freshet at
Thursday. Many bridges were also destroyed.
It is tne severest freshet that has occurred hem*
for many years.
The name of the man killed by the powder explo
sion here this afternoon was John Dluamore, belong*
lng to Nova Scotia.
EVAN3VHLE, TERRE HADTB AND OHIOAtWb'
RAILROAD.
Tkrrb Haute, ind., Oct. 13, 18T1.
The last rail on the Evansniie, Terre Haute aaC
Chicago Railroad was laid to-day.
BTOEB'8 OOMBT,
Nrw Ha vim, Oct. 13, 1871*.
a The Encke'a comet was seen here to-night, at lft?
Sheffield Scicutlflc School.
POWDER MILL EXPLOSION.
PORTLAND, Me., Oct. It, 18TL
Two mills of the Oriental Powder Compaay a*
Gambo Falls, GorUam, blew up at three o'clock thta
afternoon. One man was killed and another aa
rioualy wounded.
YELLOW FEVE& Ilf OHAELE3TOH.
CHARLB8TON, 0., Oct. 18, 1871.
There were two deaths (rum yoilow lever durta*
the past twetny-four hours.
ARSE8TED FOR MLS3H.
Thomas Kodoers, residing at 1U Tenth aveme,
was arrested last olgbs by an officer of the Twentieth
precinct, charged with setting Are to the preutaN*
of his mrtbev, at the above number. He will M ar
raigned before Fire Marshal McSpedon this mornlad.
Advertisements lor the New Yerk nursli
RECEIVED AT THE BRANCH OFFICE,
1,168 BROADWAY,
BETWEEN THIBTY-PIRST ADD THlRTY-BEOOW
STREETS, WEST SIDE, NEARLY OPPOSITE OUR PO?
MER PLACE.
ADVERTISEMENTS ARE RECEIVED PROM BAM.
TILL 8 P. M. EVERY DAY~U< THE YEAR AT OFPU?
HATES. NO EXTRA CHARGE OP ANY KIND.
A.? The Bent In the Warkel.-lf Tea Wm f
?n fU'L'irit, faith Ions ble ailk dn*H HAT fto direct too*
maauiucturer, ESPiiNSOHlilD, 118 Nmmhhu Meat. Prio? $f.
A._l?h*lea ,5?w r,lir.
Mil "WHITE H >dU."
tT-4.-99 SiitwI ?Mt R?ll strl*
DreU H^U I .?r??al atortk *v?r rtfTw"*
0."l>. UAT COM1* an/, 16 CorUaOdt ftrwt'
A.? Wnrnock dc o? natters* 319 ITrmli'
way (Tents' silk FT alt, $7.
Ueuts' Travelling and Undress U?U in great variety,
Hi moderate price*.
Boys' tad ToutUs' llata, new Style*.
A.-!f There Be An? Doubt ef
light to be pronounced an artist that doubt will be at one*
removed by a visit to hia bazaar, at the corner of Kultoa
street and Broadway, and nil well furnfabed hat eraporltan
oo Broadway, above Spring street. In tnose two eslabllefc
menti are countless manifestations of bis creative genius.
HI* collection of llata afford* unmistakable proof that h*
baa beeo a careful student of human nature, anil a onual
observer even will have no difficulty In detecting a peculiar
appropriateness In tbe variety of hia Hat* to the ranet lei of
age and condition for which they are designed. There li the
hat for the brusque and dashing bean; the modeet beaver foe
tbe staid and retiring geutleman ot domestic habits; tbe
settled, sober, sedate caator for the middle-aged man of base
ness, and the capacious and umbrageous broad-brim for tbe
ancient cltlxen who has fallen Into "tba sere and yellow
leaf." KNOX seems to have conceived his bats with especial
regard to tbe disposition aa well as the age of their ruture
wearers; and U la Impossible to resist the landfill Idea that
there Is an air of jollity or an eipresilon of gravity or aa
aspect of tboughttulnesn betraying themselves among tbe
larae families of bats which are ranged along bis well Ailed
sheivea. Truly, KNOX Is a genius.
A? For a Wyllsb and Elegtnt Hat, nt Psr*t
lar prices, go to DoUUAN, 10J Nassau, corner of Ann street.
A Luxuriant Ilead of Ilnir and a Cool, Cleaa
sealp are very desirable. CRlSTADOH'J'd UAIH PUS
UUdfATlVh will aocomplleh both. Try It.
n*M?lor'? Hafr Dye? The Bt>t In the
world the only perfect dye burmleif, reliable, lattanumooa
At all driiUhlsU.
Billiard Tnhle nt llmme for 040.? Foil
Cute and Halla an extra room required diagram mailed rree.
AflBOX A NICHOLAS, 1 to Liberty etreet, New VM.
Increasing imitation o"mlT2!!if^e" I'ke f'*nManllv
SUTOt ,n ^urupo ijfj lijinS?1? it (/MM JC??
lie rngtlen a'nA 'nJ1 V'7 to "?wiotu^JSj'
^ute.
jSosairs^rr-"""
sa-isjf rasa siss5s.iks.'x?
W*w Yon, October ISTt. ^WTUOI f r OECOdL
P?rt?ktrr.-Knr DmIim ?f l7?hol?tm4
Furniture. that bare nut been attempted before 1a thta
try, at KKLTV's Fiuuitore and Curtain alore. Broadway,
near AJtor place.
flail's Vegetable HMIitn flair Ren ewer
an excellent <1 retting end toolc fur the hair and makee tW
hair grow thick.
Ifapny Relief far Young Men frta Ner?
rout Debility. Ac. Book anil Circular wilt free. Addrew
HUWAKO ASSOCIATION, Philadelphia, fa.
T.ntnbrequlns, Drnperfea, Arc.? Hew Patter**
Jwt out. All ityiee of Cortalaa at HELtY A Oo.'t, Broad
way, above Fourth atreek
"Plke*a Tootbnehe Drops" Cure la One MIb?
Ute.? ULLL'S HAIR DYE. black or brown, o?iy w ceota.
Pref. Fruit I be Harae EUneator of Ik*
World, oorner of Broadway and Thlrty-flfth rtreet, wlU eda
cate the moat deeperate kicker that wti ever witoeteed ru>
NiiiUT at s o'clock. Free ejtblb^ion with eduaaied llareta
all.
Royal Havana Le)tefy.-F?r Oriwlac a#
9th of October look in another page.
J, B. MtRTlMkZ A CO., Banker*. 10 Wall ttree*.
bos 4,686 Pott uillce. Mew York.
Royal Havana Lottery.? The Hlgheat BaUa
paid for Donhloont. all kind* of Gold and JQvv.
TAILOR A CO., Bankers, H Wall (treat, Mew fork*
The Wlleoa Abuttle Mewlnc .Ififhlne IVo
boat and cheapeet flnt cite* miachine* in the world; prlea t
from #46 to 4100 eaay pay menu. Salesroom WJ Broadway
Trnsaea, Rlaatle Morklagt, AMaalwtl Sop
Bin era, I'rutrhee, Ac. Or. (JLOTElt, 10 Aaa (treat, adjoio.
g Herald ottoe.
Window Whadae Froooh KwhreMerfd l Ne#
patterns of all length*. Holland Shadea and all the aew At
suable bhade Fixture* tA U KhLTV tiMf 7M BroadwaF
tlam!*ft
j?jt *Btk Kb***