V-\ .V/.V
-VC ibul» W
'•MI
V W -A"
77i* .s>v should have the eye of Argus: he u
honorable if he do but look to the teel/are of the
commonwealth.
WO BCESTER
WrOX V. (M TOMKK »»7»
n|(fni H «-*•p««rvU.
-j*>Wxuireiiß*ot iu Giouconrcr.
rclftt: v»* 1 n v lx*tw«pt» some ot the i>e»-
pjr v*' ire ;i«4 the CitHiuJian authorities,.
liw pu*!U*s>»» oi Git.* tLsiimg suhoouo lidMrurtl
A. Horiatt. Thi> vosau;! WH.> about the
first of s*cj.»rcuii»ci by uu at tuvxl vessel ut tile
CuhurLuh govetuittoui lot' vjoUitiou oC
Ibe lislimu :rv*Uy. 'MU a.*«• Uuicn 'o Gu> soovu,
vvitu. AttU Icifl !Ot oudtiuiumoii, tin
tux* thtinji briveu itviu biff to .gei Imuk' j 4». they
could. ftiv. iaipiuttfU m. Uv>jUc* lutti a :uil rai jsio
ut Ut*vc«v< »n k «iU Wte ill iIK ]H>an a oi
ior iKHMC. At. sbe {MOVihOAi JUiUlOi illO tt
Wdius "Ui infov-iSoeb. ;uo n <.«i
tttttttl Otti: 'CSSCiS ,'v«ti*oU4CuU.>g, reii'Uu
opinion .n tifoueco-ict-idcunae 'ay ioudiKuinst
tiies capture, «ud bu-diOics wau. ui.m to recap
ture tlit v -a »bo.u, uu bimg h«*
hs/uio. .t ■iup+.u} .x&ulute
Uivu w*td i .-.iiii-'u, which won* to Uc,yrlH>»'u,
seized the tvhooma, 'Usi brought hei away. lb*
pcitOlloaL. illii.i ii icU ttlli
llti; but, U» suuli .n> tilt mutter could be j
munki) 14UUIH14 do revenue cm ter were
*«Hi It jjUUUitOi them,
Oi couiM, iiit 'xi uernem in tilouetater, ami
eibtdiieie atuoiia be fisiicmteu, to be very
intense, when tiivy to look ;or tlie result
ol ibis tiiitiit .uni obuse, ami soon tiie>*e were re- i
ports oi an Entfiisii ijun-boai seen off Cape Vain,
wtiieii, however, eouid not be veritieil. But, an
appeal ior help was made, and the sma-boai
Fortune, jYoin tbe Charlestown navy yard, and
the revenue cutter Mahoning, were sent “to pro
tect tbe Edward A. Horton in American waters."
The armed tujr Leyden lias also been sent from
the navy yard, and the revenue cutter Hugh
McCulloch, from Portland, has joined the other
cruiser* at “the seat of war/’ Xothing had
been bean! of the recaptured setnxmer, up to
last evening, excepting that she was seized at
Gavsboro, while aground and without sails, re
furnished With her sails, which were found in a
storehouse, put afloat by means of hedging, and
brought out of the harbor. If hard pressed she
could rim iuto some harbor in Maine, provided
she could gyt with reach of the coast of Maine
before being overtaken by the pursuers. She
escaped from Gnvshoro ou the night of the Bth
instant, a week ago last Sunday night; and, as
Gayshoro is in the extreme eastern part of
Kora Scotia, there was along chase of 500 miles
or more, before the friendly coast could be
reached, even in the neighborhood of Machias.
11 the recaptured schooner can get within
reach of either the American armed vessels, she
w ili be safe: for she will then l»e seized as a ves
sel without papers, and placed in charge of an
American naval officer. The enterprise of the
men who cut tier out deserves success; and, as
many of _<ur fishing vessels have been treated
cnirrasreou* A by the Canadian authorities, or
ibeir agents, we may assume in this ease, that
the indignation expressed against the seizure of
the Edward A. Hortou, is not without sufficient
reason. The vessel had not been condemned
and was not under lionds. Doubtless, the intent
of the seizure was annoyance, not justice;
therefore, we should like to participate in the
jubilee which will be held in Gloucester, if she
shall arrive there in safety. It is very natural
that this affair causes excitement among the
fishermen. It is high lime that something effec
tual was done to put an end to such occurrences;
and, if the Canadian authorities cau not be per
suaded to hear reason, we h6pe they will be
forced to do so.
C'auliounry Mo»-m Signal*.
The daily publication of weather predictions
from the signal office, has convinced many,
who were inclined to doubt, that symptoms of
atmospheric disturbance may be detected and
their tesults announced several hours bcfoic
they manifest themselves by any local indica
tions. The forecasts are not always so exactly
fulfilled that they would serve as narratives if
read after the event; but their general accuracy
is satisfactory evidence that the system is sound
and is capable of great usefulness. Violent dis
turbances, which may be dangerous to life and
property, can generally be foreseen iu ample
season for taking every possible precaution, un
less they are of local origin and move within
very narrow limits, while the smaller and less
important phenomena of the weather, in
fluenced more or less by the peculiar
conditions of particular place, are
overlooked in the large operations of
the bureau, whose observations extend over
the whole country, and whose announcements,
in older to be reasonably brief, must use broad
and general language applicable to wide areas.
The operations of the signal office during the
past year have proved to the satisfaction of the
public, that even in those phenomena that have
beeti considered most mysterious and unac
countable, nature follows fixed laws which she
willingly reveals to those who will question her
patiently and intelligently. It cannot be said
that any new meteorological law's have yet been
discovered by the signal bureau, though evi
dence to support previously accepted theories
has been furnished in abundance. Systematic
observations, at stations distiibuted over the
country, the transmission of these by telegraph
to a central bureau, where they are compared
and the indications deduced from them in ac
cordance with asceitabled laws, are given to the
press for publication, make up the work of the
signal service.
An additional duty is about to be assumed by
the signal office,—that of displaying cautionary
signals at the various stations and ports through
out the country, whenever, from the information
had at the central office, the probability of
stormy or dangerous weather has been decreed
for the port or place where the cautionary sig
nal is displayed, or in that vicinity. The signal
adopted is a red Hag with a black square in the
centre by day, and a red light by night, and it
signifies generally that dangerous winds are Ik*-
lieved to be approaching. The term dangerous
wind* has a meaning varying somewhat with
the locality in which the winds occur. But as
distinctions cannot readily be made, it has been
decided to hoist the cautionary signal whenever
the winds are expected to be as high as twenty
five miles an hour, and to continue at that
velocity for several hours within a radius of one
hundred miles of the station, it is expected to
hold good for the space of eight hours from the
time when it was hoisted. These signals will
probably be of great advantage to shipping in
the ports. At interior stations they cannot have
much value, and perhaps will not be used there.
It is expected that the press will be furnished
daily with a list of the ports at which caution
ary signals have been ordered to be displayed,
ami of those where the.v have been ordered
down, it i* designed eventually to add another
signal warning of the approach of gales of great
severity, and perhaps others as experience sh;
justify them.
I he New \ork World’s foreign correspondents
are fond of sensations. One of them a lew weeks
ago sent the story of an interview with Brad
laugh, in which that restless reformer unfolded
his plans for setting up a republic iu England
with himself as president. The same authority
now reports something quite as improbable—a
political alliance between fifteen of the most
wealthy aud influential conservative peers
baronets and members of parliament on one
aide,and an equal number of the leaders of the
trades unions and workingmen’s societies on
the other. Among the former are the marquis
of Salisbury, the duke of Richmond, Sir
Stafford Northcotc, Sir Joiiti Pakington aud
Lord Lindsey, and amoug the latter Mr. Apple
garth, late secretary of the amalgamated car
penter-; Mr. Allan, president of the amalgama
ted engineers; Mr. Guile, Mr. liowell and others.
The two parties were brought together by Mr.
Scott Russell, the builder of the Great Eastern.
'The agreement, w hich is said to have been ac
tually *iirued aud sealed, is that, at the next ses
sion of parliament, au elaborate scheme for the
repeal of the land laws, the nationalization of
land to a certain extent, and other similar re
forms, shall be introduced into the house of
lord* mad j.'u*hed with all the strength of that
portion of the conservative party which C au be
induced to favor die niovt'menf. The plan,
which embraces seven points, was drawn up by
the representatives of the workingmen, at the
requestor the conservative leaders, and was ap
proved ny the latter, l.ord iVjrbv is said to
favor the new movement ami Disraeli, who is m
the secret, does not oppose it, but waits to see
how it will turn out. Ihe secret of this coalitiou
is that both aristocrats and workingmen dread
tbe growing power of the active efcpitadi.stx, the
manufacturers, the railway and cotton lords,
the bankers aud stock others, w iio make uo
tbe strength oi what is called the libci'ai party,
in distinction from the conservatives ou the one
vide and rhe uuhi-uls on tile other. Viuch its both
these uiiei elcmcuts oisiike and -Jihirust each
oilier. :hey fear the lihemis more, antitrust that
tilik Coaiitiou may Iqavl to ilie Jisurgauizatiou
Of; that parry.
I'he same rupottei. wiitiug a day Inter, au
pounces 'inti tjie lied :»i’eKidei|t of the British
republic, ’.vheu t ail up oil the death of Quevu
V.iUimu, will a, not Br'.-idbingh or CHiget or
(vo. Haix. >ui >u i.'ha.'o Diihe the member
'Oi Ghvistai, and die author of the eulcrtaiuiug
■'look >*i trivtl, ouiiticd L'he Greater Br itaiu. M
i n.s :»ews he iuants from the secretary of a
.iui e..uo,iean essoi iniion, who says it is
ot uTHuged mil veil i.idei stood that
Gnaiic-s iius ine assurance of this honor in re*
itiffi for his geueious aid oi the cause iu money
and advice. The T'ormer probably esteemed
.a noi* aiuable commodity as S.; Charles,
nough scusible ami worthy man. has no such
ntehee<uul pre-eminence as to enfiitie him ou
ttiwi lovuiii :o ialle -itu highest rank among
the mtc'uicn of the new cih, for which the rc
iOiiUtiS ;Utl piCpaj Illg.
I nr. Gaj.vxy November, has a clever
story by H .lames. Jr >ouic aeiditioual popu-
Ifti ahne(t;s exposed and refured by Carl Beu
son, teiiiiiiiscouees of Lee and Jackson, the first
oi a series of papers ou the southern leaders,
bv General Dnbodcn: “Pursle Poll.” a very
droll story, by Fanny Barron; some poetry, not
bad, but not very good either, by Mrs. Seem al
ter, Howard Glyndou and others; aud Admiral
Farragur at New Orleans, by ex-Seeretarv
Welles, which treats briefly also of earlier naval
expeditions of our civil war, in which Gen. Butler
figured, but for tbe origin and conduct of which
he gets less credit than his admirers have
usually attributed to him. The narrative of the
New Orleaus expedition is only begun in this
numlier, and will be continued. There are also
the regular instalments of Mr. Trollope's and
Mrs. Edwards’ stories, and the usual editorial
departments of the usual variety and excel
lence.
The Atlantic opens with Edmund C Sted
mau’s article on Tennyson and Theocritus, iu
which he illustrates the laureate’s indebtedness
to the Sicilian poet. Other articles are “The
Bedlams of Stamboul,” by William Goodell,
which contains much information on an un
familiar subject and would be pleasanter read
ing than it is, if the author would relinquish the
attempt to lie humorous in which lie is painfully
awkward; Mr. Howells’ Wedding Journey,which
continues to be absolutely charming; “California
Saved,” by Stephen Powers; “Our Whispering
Gallery/’ the last paper on Dickens; the con
tinuation of Kate Beau Mont, in which the
pacific hero gets entangled in another quarrel
with one of his bloodthirsty neighbors; and
“Wayside Pikes,” an admirable sketch of one
phase of California life and character by
Clarence King.
Our Young Folks has no competitor among
magazines for the favor of its special class of
readers; yet it could not be better if it were
stimulated to the utmost by the pretensions of
a dangerous rival. The November number is
fall of good things. Jack Hazard's interesting
story goes on, and there is the first part of a
new story called “The Dog of Melrose and His
Mistress.” Elizabeth Kilhain also has some
very amusing things to say about the freed chil
dren at Washington, and there are other stories
and poems, the letter box, &c.
Lippincott’s Magazine contains another
chapter of the entertaining andj beautifully,il
lustrated “Scrambles among the Alps,” by Ed
ward Whymper. The beginning ot another
short story, “The Branch of Lilac,” by Onida;
“The Internationale,” by Christine Niedever;
“Corn, Cotton and Currency,” by Atnasa
Walker; the eonclusion of that capital story,
“Rookstoue,” and other articles of more or less
interest. The number is one of more than
usual merit.
The Sunday at Home, published by the
religious tract society, London, and the Ameri
can Sunday) school union, New York, has an
unusually good number for October. The il
lustrations are attractive, the continued story,
“Under the Mulberry Tree," sustains its inter
est; there are religious articles, poetry, pages
for children, etc.
Sunday in Chicago. —The few churches,
which are still open, have been crowded. The
sermons all turned upon the great calamity.
Many of the pastors of the destroyed churches
held services in the open air in front of the
ruitts. l)r. Ryder’s congregation met in Wabash
avenue, and almost the entire congregation of
Unity church came together in Dearborn street,
at the call of their pastor, Rev. Robert Colyer.
The exercises were simple and touching, con
sisting merely of a prayer and a hymn, and a
few words of manly sympathy and exhortation
from the warm hearted orator. Street and side
walk w’ere covered with men, women and chil
dren, who were moved some times to laughter by
the quaint humor of the speaker, and some
times to tears by his deep and earnest pathos.
The day was clear and mild, and the October
sunshine fell sofily on his gray hairs as he stood
in front of this once beautiful church, now
wholly in ruins, and talked to his people in a
cheering way. He said God would not ask of
them impossibilities. Tltc|calamitv was so vast
tout the people were stunned and dumb. They
could not yet lift themselves up into that
higher atmosphere they yet hoped to reach,
where they could thank God for this visita
tion. All this in good time they would hope and
pray for; hut God would not demand this to
day. He then referred, in plain and touching
language, to tlie terrible losses they had suffer
ed, but soon changed to the more hopeful as
pects of the case, showing how much they had
yet worth living for. He urged them to look
forward and not backward, and excited even
among those unfortunate people a momentary
burst of good spirits bv his quietly humorous
description of Lot’s wife, and what she caine to
by mourning over her spoons and table-cloths
which were burned in Sodom. Every one must
now engage in the work of reconstruction. He
then briefly and modestly referred to himself
and his intentions. He would slay by his peo
ple; lie did not think they could find a cheaper
parson. He had preached one year for seventy
five cents, and could do it again if necessary.
He could support himself for the present by lec
turing, and, as a last resort, he could still make
as good a horse-shoe as nnv blacksmith iu Chi
cago. The audience dispersed, after singing a
hymn, greatly cheered and brightened bv'Utc
wholesome and helpful words of their preacher
and friend, who seemed to forget his own seven
losses in trying to console them lor theirs.—
Correspondence of (he Tribune.
The Scene in the Tunnel.— One of the
most dramatic and impressive scenes of the fire,
not yet recorded, was the flight through the new
La Salle street tunnel under the river during
Sunday night. It was about 2 o’clock when this
strange liegira, began, and in ten minutes it
become a furious route. The bridges on both
sides were on fire, and the flames were writhing
over the decks of the brigs in the river, and
winding their flerc- arms of flame around the
masts and through the rigging like amonstroifs,
luminous devil-fish. The awful canopy of fire
drew down and closed over Water street, as the
shrieking multitude rushed for the tunnel, the
only avenue of escape. The gas-works had
already blown up, and there was no light in any
house save the illumination which lighted up
otilv to destroy. But into the darkened cave
rushed pell-mell, from all directions, the frenzied
crowd —bankers, thieves, draymen, wives, chil
dren—in every stage of undress, as they had
leaped from burning lodgings, a howling, implor
ing, cursing, praying, waiting mob, making
their desperate dive under the river. It was as
dark in the tunnel as it is in the center of the
earth, perhaps darker. Hundreds of the fugi
tives were laden with furniture,household goods
utensils, loaves of bread and pieces of meat, ami
their tush through the almost suffocating tunnel
was fearful in the extreme. They knocked each
other down, and the strong trod bn the helpless.
Nothing was heard at the mouth of the
cavernous prison but a muffled howl of rage and
anguish. Several came forth with broken limbs
anil terrible bruises, us they scattered and re
sumed their flight under the blazing sky to the
northwest.
A Poor Investment.— Not long since T was
talking; with Don Salvio Pacheco, of Contra
Go*ta county, who was a Spanish soldier at the
1 residio of San Francisco itt 1810, and afterward
a Mexican soldier until 1825, subsequently fill-
many positions of honor and trust in the
territory oi Alta California, until the Americans
came and demanded—^very impolitely and rude*
l.v, he assured me—the keys of the pit I*l ic records
at San Jose,ol which he was then the custodiau,
in 1810 or 1847. When he left the army he was
acquainted with a widow lady—Spanish, like
himself, of course—aged fifty-seven, with con
siderable money, a consumptive tendency, and
no encumbrances. She was considerably his
senior, but tlie chances were all in his favor,
notwithstanding;, and he married her. Would
you l*elicve it, that ungrateful woman lived to
keep him out of the estate just fifty-seven years
longer, aud only left him two years since, with
apparent reluctance, at the moderate age of 114
years! lie is still u hearty, active nun, aud to
(The Jtoili) Spn: ttelorrcster, c'xHcimesbim sstomhrg, October 18, 1871.
anv guarded question as to his age—it is impo
lite to ask a Spaniard liis age outright, and they
alwavs resent it -he answered, with a shrug of
his ‘shoulder, “l concede to eighty years,
seuor ft —California Letter.
A Evkumse in the Pacific.—A correspond
cm of a California paper draws this pleasing
picture of Fyi:
the natives are tall and well proportioned, i
with regular features; but they are too lazy to I
have much strength. They are copper colored,
but have m* resemblance to the Aliicuu. They i
have a wholesome dread of the whites, and a
special respect for the Americans. These poo-
pic have been pictured as brave, savage, vindic
tive aud turbulent. In a measure, this is true.
They have family quarrels, which are settled
with clubs. Different tribes have pitched bat
tles. aud the prisoners taken—if moderately
juicy-—arc served up in the shape of pot pies
and masts. But cannibalism is on the decline,
tbe king himself, Cahobau 1., who partook of
human flesh until his fortieth year, having re
formed. White tuauy of the natives are partial
to human flesh, it is not that of the whites that
they desire. Iu fact, they prefer to let a deceased
white man alone, as most of those of whom they
have tasted have been very saltv, and strongly
impregnated with tobacco. During the past
thirteen years, only one white man has been
killed bv a native ou the Evil islands proper, and
this wus iu the ease of a dispute about land,
she procuring of labours affords employment
Co a large- number of white men, and calls iuto
requisition a fleet of >muil vessels, ranging from j
tony to fifty tons Tbe owners get from SSO
to SOO passage money for each laborer they
bring from the New Hebraic group, with
the understanding that the imported party
will remain three years with the planter, and be
satisfied with 515’per-year and found. Found
signifies little, meaning that the laborer can
have the use of land from which to raise his own
food. Vegetables grow with marvelous rapidi
ty. Furnips, radishes and mustard, after being
sown 48 hours, are above the surface, and in four
weeks are fit for use. Three crops of Indian
corn, from 55 to 60 bushels to the acre per crop,
are raised per annum. Tropical fruits, such as
ttanunas, oranges, cocoanuts, etc are abundant.
Fiji has room for 15,000 emigrants of the right
class: mdustrous men, with from 51000 to
S3OOO capital. A limited number of carpenters
can also find employment at $3.50 per day.
Unskilled white lalior is not in demand. The
Hall Hue of Australian steamers having placed
Fiji in direct communication with San Francis
co, benefits are likely to be realized all round.
Hitherto the planters have been compelled to
ship cotton via Sydney, and complaints have
been made of the great length ot time before
they could receive accounts of the sale; as a
rule accounts did not come to hand until J 2
months from the date of shipment. They now
propose to ship cotton via San Francisco. The
planters want American agricultural imple
ments, canned fruits, salmon, and many little
knick-knacks, all to be found in the San Fran
cisco market. There are two newspapers pub
lished at Levuka, island of Ovalon, both repre
senting English interests. A few American
schooners can do a good business, in importing
laborers, as the English have placed restrictions
ou their vessels engaged in the business, it may
be well to remark that these imported laborers
are not in bondage. The constitution prohibits
involuntary servitude, except for crime, and
whenever a slave enters the Fijian islands he is
free. Some historians have slandered the island
bv stating that earthquakes are frequent. As a
matter of fact, David Whippey, formerly of Sa
lem, who has resided at the island for 45 years,
has yet to experience his first earthquake. There
is a school at Levuka for white and native chil
dren, and others will be established as the islands
become settled. After reviewing the situation
and weighing the facts, we can arrive at but one
conclusion, that is, Fiji is destined to make
marked progress during the next few years.
Trade will create trade, and the result will be
beneficial to all parties interested. We con
gratulate Fiji upon her brilliant prospects, and
hope they may be more than realized.
On the other hand, a “Sydney man,” who has
spent nine months in Fiji and other islands, in
a letter to the Sydney Empire describes the sys
tem of labor in such terms as to compel the be
lief that, if not “bondage,” it is something
quite indistinguishable from it in practice. He
says:
“I carried away with me this idea, that though
material prosperity may be the immediate re
sult of exacting to the utmost from the powers
or energies of slaves, for they are slaves what
ever may be said to the contrary, yet such men
as the overseers are certain, sooner or later, to
bring about the bitterest enmity between the
two races, and that such treatment is and will
be the most effectual means of preventing volun
tary engagements by the islanders for the pur
pose of working the plantations.”
Describing the plantations which lie visited,
bespeaks of the planters as most agreeable, jol
ly fellows, with plenty of comforts, extremely
hospitable, liberal to extravagance, and “always
ready for a lark," but adds:
“If the inner life was peace aud quietness, it
was not altogether so outside. Mr. X. happened
to purchase a lot of Taima ‘labor/ and (as he
confided to me) found out, subsequently to their
‘passing’ and landing on liis plantation, that
nearly every one of them had been detained on
board by force, although they only came on
board tbe ‘labor’ vessel as traders in yams ami
other produce. He bad paid a large sum of
money for them, and was under obligation to
return them at the expiration of the three years.
He could by no means obtain any redress from
tbe evil-docs, and had therefore nothing else to
do than to make them work the best he could.
This ‘making’ a man work against liis
will or inclination, is really a very serious
affair, especially among untutored savages, who
have not sufficient reasoning power to see where
the blame lies. The victims have no help for it,
but to grumble. Now grumbling is nor allowed
in the Fijis among the ‘labor;’ that is, if the
overseer knows it; and 1 was surprised to see,
the second morning after my arrival, a man
tied up to the whipping-post, there to receive a
dozen lashes.
“What has that man done?’’ I asked of the
overseer who counted the strokes, not very seri
ously administered.
“Oh, he has been over in the village during
the night, and, being found out, stands his pun
ishment. This, you know, is not our sentence,
but that of the chief. He is, however, the lazi
est scoundrel on the plantation, and I’m glad he
has got a dozen. If lie does not work to-day,
and work well, too, I’ll have another dozen laid
on the ton of the one lie has just been favored
with, and that before the sun goes down, assure
as guns are guns.”
“But you would not wish the man to work to
day, after the chastisement he lias had?” said I,
quite amazed.
“Wouldn’t 1, though! Good morning, sir;
you clearly don’t understand bow to treat these
niggers,” and away he went.
At “Bachelor’s hall,” which the traveler de
clares was the most comfortable house lie visited
in the Fijis, two young gentlemen, the owners
of a fine large plantation, lived a life of luxury
and idleness, while their “labor,” under the
charge of an overseer, cultivated the cotton
fields.
Being an early riser, I took a stroll at five in
the morning, while my friends were yet fast
asleep. Already some sixty oi seventy laborers
of several shades of color were engaged in nip
ping cotton. and I observed, with regret, an ugly
looking customer in a tall, dirty, broad-rimmed
Yankee hat, administering blows here and there
every half minute without any apparent provo
cation, with a sort of flexible baton about two
feet long, and (as I afterwards discovered) made
of thongs of animal’s intestines plaited together.
Accosting me, this individual, whose very coun
tenance ought to have been a warning that bru
tality and selfishness were the principal ingredi
ents of his carcass, smilingly ejaculated: “1
gues9 you have not geen niggers work so well as
these before? Ha?” A pause. “Don’t you
sec, mister—hallo, there, Mungo, go into the
next track or I will lie after you in the twinkle
of a mosquito, you rascal —Well, don’t you sec,
mister, it is necessary to make these niggers
work to keep them quiet. When they work and
1 am ptesent, or Joe, which is all the same, they
cannot conspire or eoucoct schemes, ami we
have taken our precautions. You see those huts
down below?” “Yes.” “Ah; well, those are
the habitation of these here niggers; but do you
think I would allow several of the same tribe
to sleep together? No, don’t you believe it if
any one says so. Why, we might be murdered,
all of us, some night, it I permitted such a
thing. I mix them so well up that no more
than three or four out of twenty can understand
each other’s lingo, and that is more than enough,
eh, mister?”
L will aihl that the owners are independent iu
circumstances, and pass their time without toil
or worry of any kind. 1 believe they had little
knowledge—certainly no hand in the cruelties I
saw practiced; cruelties perhaps best charac
terized in the overseer’s words to me the even in-•
before I left.
“You see, mister, a black man and a white
man is quite different. You can reason with a
white man, but for a black fellow there is only
one way to convince him—half-a-dozen good
slaps of this when he least expects it.” Aud he
showed me the thick weapon 1 had so often seen
him wield over the poor savages.
“I always sleep with this here,” were the last
words I heard from him.”
The California letter writer, who advises his
countrymen to employ their vessels in importing
“laborers” for such servitude, dishonors his
country. It is creditable to English humanity
and vigilance that this commerce is forbidden
to the shipping of that nation.
An American Surgeon under the Com
mune.—irom the beginning of the siege ol
r l o S ’7* r,e, l» l )r X., enlisted us a surgeon
of the national guard battalion of his quarter.
When the commune fell into open hostility with
the Versailles government, his political’ sym
pathies being 1 rankly with neither party he
held professionally to bis battalion, Mecmino- a
communist s wounds as well worth dtessiu *a<
another s; aud so, his battalion being retreating
on luesday ot the bloody week, from the bairi
eade in the Madeline quarter, he withdrew in
their company to the Temple quarter. There lie
took possession of the church of st. Elizabeth
for an ambulance, receiving all the wounded
who were brought iu from either side. One of
the most efficient aids there was a woman he
had uot met before—a femme dtt pen pie, brave
intelligent, quickly thoughtful, untiring, ef
ficient, gentle. By Friday all this quarter had
iallen into the hands of the Versaillists, and Dr.
X. had gone to his lodgings to change clothes
for the first time iu a week. Just as
he was washing oft’ the accumulated grime
ol that unbroken service he was seized by
a sergeant uud two aoldiers, and inarched down
along with others arrested past throngs of people
crying vengeance (some ofthom the more loudly
to cover their own antecedents from suspicion) to
the Mairie by the Gbatelet. Just as he entered
the court of tbe Mairie, he met face to face liis
brave nmbulancierc coming out with a soldier
on either hand of her. “Ticns, Adelel what are
you doing here?” And she, looking him
squarely in the face, says, calmly: “Je no vous
connais pas* monsieur.” (“1 don't know you,
sir!” Sir, not citizen.) “Well,” says the doctor,
“my ease must be a hard one if this woman docs
not dare know me. So much the worse. It will
be all over in fifteen minutes/ What with
representations that lie had the luck to get bear
ing for, and then old comrade relations which
he could prove with certain military officers,
the doctor had the fortune to be let ott free that
evening, and learned, on inquiry, that Adele,
when he met her, was londuuncd and being led
off to be .-hot, and so, lest she should compromise
him, rejected the last kindly word of sympathy
that was offered to her in this world. Ii is not
the solo instance in this kind.—Letter to Cincin
nati Commercial.
Tlir t'Viliuii ICniil.
A gentleman from Fort Garry, who was at the
Hudson Bay post at the time it was captured by
the Feniaus, gves the following account of the
affair:
About seven o’clock on the morning of the
sth the early risers of the Hudson liav post
discovered a squad of armed men approaching
the post in military array. At their bead
marched Gen. O'Neill, supported by the O'Don
ohue, Col. Donnelly and Col. Carley. The force
amounted to some thirty men, ali armed with
breech-loading Springfield rifles. At the post
there were three men and two women, who qui
etly submitted to a superior force, and made no
resistance. At the custom house our informant
was stopping over night with a friend. Their
morning slumbers were rudely broken, and
they were informed that they were prisoners.
Everything was done peaceably and in order,
ami shortly after taking possession tbe “army
of invasion” proceeded to take breakfast. Sen
tinels were stationed around tbe post, and the
opening scene ot a bloodless war was ended.
The general commanding called a council of
war. Future conquests were under contempla
tion, when, about noon, one of tbe sentinels ap
peared in breathless haste with the information
that a large force of United States troops were
within a .short distance, and rapidly approach
in/. This startling intelligence caused great
consternation among the victorious warriors
comprising the “army of invasion.” A fearful
panic seized them, and not one of them stood
upon the order of going, but all fled in hot
baste. Gen. O'Neill forgot his sword, aud the
O'Donohue left li is rifle and other accoutrements
behind. Col. Wheaton and his party of thirty
men pursued, and succeeded in capturing Gen.
O'Neill, Col. Donnelly, Col. Carley, and ten oth
ers, all of whom were taken over to Fort Pem
bina and placed under guard. The O'Donohue
had stripped for the race, and succeeded in mak
ing his escape, but we learn flint he was after
wards captured by some half-breeds and brought
over to Pembina, and now keeps company with
Gen. O’Neill, in charge of the commanding offi
cer of Pembina.
Another witness says:
Mr. Douglas, the assistant custom-house offi
cer, was alarmed early in tbe morning by a.half
breed, who informed him that a body of men,
numbering about forty, was marching down.
Mr. Douglas went to the door, and seeing them
coming, awoke Mr. Webster, and then started
across the prairie to alarm the Hudson Bay
post. He was pursued bv Gen. O’Donohue anil
another mail on horseback, who presented re
volvers at his head and ordered him back. He
told them be would not go back, and demanded
by w hat authority they acted. He said lie should
not obey them mitil they gave him their author
ity. O'Donohue then replied he acted under the
authority of “the provisional government of
Manitoba.” The Fenians then uiarcbed down
and rook the Hudson Bay post, theonly inmates
being an old man and liis wife, Mr. Watt, a one
armed Hudson Bay official, and Mr. Scott, his
clerk. The Fenians seized all the provisions
and made selections of clothing (or themselves,
and other articles, and started one load of pro
visions down the river, The prisoners were al
lowed the liberty of the yard and varandas of
the buildings, but were not permitted to go out
side the stockade. The Fenians arrested a half
breed American citizen on the road to Pembina,
who was subsequently released by them, upon
being informed of the fact. Messrs. Douglas
and Webster, without tbe knowledge of the Fe
nians, gave the half-breed a note to Col, Wheaton,
commandant of tbe United States forces at Fort
Pembina, informing liimoftliesituation of affairs,
and asking assistance. In a very short time
Col. Wheaton, at the head of thirty men; ap
peared upon the scene. Col. Wheaton sent bis
eolor-bcarer ahead to inquire of Gen. O'Neill the
object of liis raid. The color sergeant was es
corted into the presence of O’Neill at the point
of the bayonet, as a prisoner. Before the soldier
could explain bis mission, some ol tbe Fenians
on the outside of the stockade, came rushing in.
exclaiming, The American troops are coming.”
Immediately there was a general stampede of
the Fenians, pursued by the United States sol
diers. O’Donoltue, on going outside, found
one ot liis own men on liis (O’Donohue’s)
horse, but he was immediately knocked off,
when O’Donolme mounted and fled with others
who had horses, taken from half breeds. Many
of them threw away their arms as thev ran.
Those who were on foot took to the brush'along
the liver. The troops tired a volley at the
mounted Fenians, but it is believed no' one was
injured. Col. Wheaton, witnessing the flight
of the Fenians, mounted a horse, drew his pis
tols,and pursued them some distance ahead of bis
men. He came up to O’Neill, Donnelly and
Carley, and arrested them without resistance,
and ten of the rank and file. Gen. O’Neill was
in such haste to get away from the post that lie
left his sword on a table; O'Donoliue left his
repeating rifle, cloak, &c. Col. Wheaton also
captured about 300 stand of arms, 250 being
breech-loaders, aud 7000 rounds of ammunition,
lie also sent a force and recaptured the provi
sions the Fenians were sendingjaway.
The prisoners were taken to Fort Pembina and
confined in the barracks. Gen. O’Neill took bis
capture very philosophically. On being put
into an ambulance, he took out bis pipe and
smoked during the short ride to the fort. An
other party of Fenians had appeared iu the
neighborhood of St. Joe, but Col. Wheaton
was well aware of their movements, and had
sent bis cavalry to capture or disperse them.
Ihe absence of this force of cavalry prevented
the capture of the whole party uuder O’Neill.
The governor's proclamation was responded
toby a general uprising of the people, irre
spective of former affiliations. They also re
port that if would take several thousand men,
with artillery, to capture Fort Garrv. As usual,
the rank and flic of the Fenians denounce the
incompetency of their leaders. Some of them
assert that O’Neill is more desirous of notoriety
than of performing substantial service to the
eause, and that he actually connived at the cap
ture of Ills force.
HliM<-4-|lam'ou* ItcniM.
There are fires among the mountains of Cali
fornia, extending through the whole length of
the state.
A motion is now before the Swiss council
making it a penal offence to ascend the Alps at
certain seasons of the year.
•Some of the communists had good stuff in
them in a strictly material sense. A young fel
low was seized at the Auteuil entry for carrying
ammunition to the federate gunners, and sen
tenced to be shot at once. Seven balls struck
him, and he fell senseless, but a soldier seeing a
slight movement put another through his head.
A young surgeon, to whom the body fell, how
ever, found some little life left,and carefully ex
perimented until he had restored him t oliealtli
and soundness; but now the poor fellow is
obliged to go before the Versailles court-martial
again.
Alexander Cockburn, who represents Great
Britain in the arbitration at Geneva, is quite a
different sort ot character from his American
associate, Charles Francis Adams. Learned as
a lawyer, profound as a statesman and jurist,
he has the flexibility aud delicacy of an Ameri
can, as the American in this negotiation has the
severe dignity aud slow movement of an English
man. When at the bar be was famous for his
management ot stupid, obdurate ami tricky wit
nesses, and tor the thorough manner iu which
he identified himself with hisel ent. He was as
much the actor as the advocate; and his powers
in the double line were thus celebrated once by
Douglas Jerrold: Ig my time 1 have beard Sir
Alexander in pretty nearly every part. I have
heard him as an old man and an old woman. 1
have heard him when he has been a ship run
down at sea, and when lie has been an oil fac
tory in a state of conflagration. Once, when J
was foreman of a jury, I saw him poison his
most intimate friend, and another time lie did
the part of a pious bank director iu a fashion
that would have skinned the eyelids of Exeter
hall. He is not bad as a desolate widow with
nine children, of which the oldest is under
eight years of age; but, if ever I have to listen
to him again, I should like to see him as a young
lady of good connections, who lias been seduced
by an officer of the guards.
The members of the grand jury for the county of
Worcester, take this opportunity to express their
thanks to Mr. Samuel Winslow (foreman) for the
bountiful entertainment provided at his home, on
Liudell street, on Tuesday evening, October 17,1871-
N. C. Boutklle,
Clerk of the Grauil Jurors.
J»r. Light hill's next visit to the Buy .State house
will be Oct. 19, 20, and 21.
P. Hull Co, will sell parlor, chamber and
library furniture at auction, at their salesrooms
to-day at 10 A. m., and 2 v. m.
MAKK£TB.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York, Oct. 17.—Money stringent at 7 per cent
currency to gold interest; 1-161 ii to Si per cent paid for
turning stocks till to-morrow. Currency Is (lowing rap
idly to Chicago and elsewhere. For discounts there was
a pressing demand, and ii was difficult to soil untie paper
under 12 percent good names 15 C"» 18 percent. Sterling
exchange was firmer, at 108*» IWJi for sixty days.
Gold dull and steady at 113. H 1I3‘«. Loans at Isa o
per cent tor ca.-rylng and 5 per cent for borrowing.
Clearances $53,000,030. Governments quiet an t rather
better, but feverish. Slate bonds weak. Stocks weak
and 1 to 25* per cent lower under the money pressure.
Umteu suites currency os ill.**
United States Sixes, 18bi U6H
United States 5-201862, coupons Il4d
1864, 113 k
1865, 113«
new 1868, 112 k
1867, 112 k
1868. H2X
10-408 ipy
Western Union Telegraph company!.. .55*
raciflc.Mail Steamship company 41
n. i. central <fc Hudson River consol'd *ok
Erie railroad!.. d0 d0
Harlem ralfroad^ 1 d 7.7.7.7.7.7.7.7.7.77 7.7 iSS
do preferred .'”122
Reading railroad 103 X
Kinhigan Central railroad II4H
UnionT’atiflo railroad slock 21X
Panama railroad .v>
h o siiorc X .'wirhiiiiui Southern K
Illinois Central railroad 133
Cleveland and FitUburg rauroaq 114
rtiicagoand Northweiitorn railroad 53q
nr*rprr?C NY
Cleveland. Columbus A Cincinnati railroad. .82
Now Jersey Central railroad 100
iuo»go «n<t K;n5R 18iaud railroad 05H
Milwaukee and 8t Fan) railroad 51N
do do prof 724
Toledo and Wabash railroad 524
do pref 81
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 95%
Alton rad Terre Haute railroad ib
do preterm! 50
Chicago and Alton railroad 112
do prefer red 114
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 34 4
Hertford and Erie railroad 24
Columbus. Cincinnati Ac Ind. Central U It ....154
Chicago, Burlington and Oulncy K R 125
Hannibal and St Joseph K It 55
Central Facltlc gold bonds 1004
Union Pacific railroad Ist mort. (is.. 84 4
Union Pacific land grants 704
Central Pacific railroad Income 10s 714
BOSTON HTOCK HALEB-Oct. 17.
$2,000 Union Pacific land grant 7s 714
$6,000 Union Pacific railroad 10s, Income 714<&714
SI,OOO Maine State 6s 101
$53,000 Hartford ano Hide railroad new 244@244
>*l.ooo Chicago city 7s 91
SI,OOO Stanstead and Cliambly 7s H 34
3 Boston and Albanv railroad 1494
1200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad 7H027.4
32 Michigan Central railroad 116
5 Northern railroad 112
4 Ogdeuaburg Ac Lake Champlain Bit 88
6 Phil.. Wil.and Baltimore railroad 534
125 Union Pacific railroad 23(5234
‘25 Worcester and Nashua 135
75 Vermont Central railroad, old stock 1
10 Nuumkeag Steam Cotton Mills 130
noMFSTIC MARFF-TH.
New York, oct. 17.—Cotton quiet and lower: sales
£4B bales: middling uplands 194 c. Flour unchanged,
wlta good demand tor future delivery; sales 11,650 bids.
Wheat heavy on tbe spot and firm to arrive; sales 150,000
bush; No 1 spring $1.55; No 2 $1,50 $1,51; winter red
western 31.55 (ft) 1.00; white Michigan $l6B H $1,75.
Corn heavy; sales 98,000 bush mixed at 76c. in .-tore
and 774 c ufioat. Oats easier; sales 39,000 bush Ohio
and western at 52 stc. Bief unchanged. Pork firmer;
sales mesa ut $13.20 (ft. 13,45. Lara firmer; sales at 94
10c. Butter dull. Whiskey firmer; sales western tree
054 96c. Rice firm at 8 94c. Sugar firm ami in
fair request; .Muscovado at 9 @5 94c; fair to good refin
m-94 (fti 94c Coffee active and firm. Molasses dull,
spirits turpentuu.firm at 69 70e; rosin firm at $4 124
(fti 4.10 for strained.
im inmati. Oct. 17.-Pork dull and unchanged, at
$12.75 (rti 13. Lard 9 9.4 c. Built meats dull and un
changed shoulders held at K4c; sides 64c. Bacon dull
amt holders unwilling to make concessions; shoulders
held at 74c; sides 74 Bc. Whiskey in good demand
at 91c.
Nr.wOrleans, Oct. 17.—Cotton drooping; middlings
at 194 c.
Watertown. Oct 17.—Beef cattle—receipts 947 head:
lasi week's figures are maintained on good lots; sales
choice at $10; extra $9 $9.50; first quality $8 00 to
B,sii; second quality $7 $7.50; third quahtv $5,00 (ft,
6,50. Sheep and Lambs—receipts 11,038 head; there is
uneasy demand for sheep and iambs; sales iu lots ut
$2 (ft, S 5 each; extra $5 (ft! 5,25.
Foreign Market*.—[Bv Atlantic Cable, j
London, Oct. 17.—Consols closed at 924; U. S 5 20s,
186 1, 90 4 do. 1865, old, 904; do. 1867, 91>4. U. S. ten
forties 884.
Liverpool, Oct. 17.—Cotton closed quiet; middling
uplands 94d; do. Orleans 10; sale* lo.Ouv bales.
ramps and pains in the stomach, are ilie result of
imperfect digestion, and may be immediately relieved by
a dose Johnson's Anodyne Liniment. A lea-spoonful
in a little sweetened water is a dose.
Heave oats arc* good ior horses; none will deny
that; bill oats can't make a horse’s coal look smooth
and glossy when lie is out of condition. .s' hei idan's
Cuvatry Condition Powders will do this when all else
tails. deop&wll olb
Have your teeth extracted without pain. The best
Nitrous Oxide Gas, pure and harmless, always on hand
ut Dr. A. A. Howland's office, 387 Main street, Grout’s
Block. <l3 lit t.M, W.S3w s2B
The Best Hair Dressing in the worll is Lyon’s
Celebrated Kaibairon. It has been tested for over 20
years, and is constantly growing in favor. It not only
beautifies the hair, but causes it to grow luxuriantly, and
prevents it fn iu tailing out and turning gray.
s‘2o deop&w.m
Special ftotuts.
Patent* Secure,!.
Re-issues, Kxtenshms, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business witb the
PATKNT OFFICE,
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to, by
J AMES G. ARNOLD. Worcester, Mas*.
Oi i i. k No. 303 Main Sr.
a 12 dil
Worcester, Oct. 16, l»;i.
\VK WtMT.lt (ALL SPECIAL ATTENTION
TO THE
LOW PIII OE S
WE ARE SELLING
All Hiiitii of Foreign an*l Home alio
DRY GOODS,
AT THE PRESENT TIME.
016 TleopSt E. DENNY CO.
The Warning has hern llcetletl.
Since the exposure of the attempts made by certain
unscrupulous local dealers, to paint oft' their coarse
astringents, made from cheap and impure mateiiaK in
the place of the great national tonic, Hostetler’s Stom
ach Ritters, public opinion has set strongly against these
empirics and their preparations. Their occupation is
gone, or soon will be. When the light is let into decep
tion U soon wilts down. Persons who tritle with their
own health, by using unknown preparations, with no
guarantee to sustain litem, when au established specific,
proven bv twenty years experience to be exactly what It
Is claimed to be. is within their reach, are sure to repent
their temerity. Mauv have done so in this Instance, Gut
it is hoped that the truth plainly spoken has arrested the
evil. In the meantime the demand for the leading pro
tective and restorative medicine of America was never
so great as it his been this From the fever and
ague, districts of the west, southwest, and south. It is
literally overwhelming, and it may he said of the advices
from all par.s of the country of the cures it is effecting
in dyspepsia, bilious complaints, and chronic constipa
tion, that "their name is legion.” Everywhere the sick
an I techie seem to have realized the importance of
“holding fast that which is good,” aud ot avoiding what
is spurious and dangerous. dAwlw 012
Itui-nai-d. Sumner «v Co.
are, as usual, “Early in the Field,” and their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears in our paper to day, com
prising a .Solid Column. Money that Is to be invested in
BUY GOODS OK CARPETS,
cannot he better spent Mian at tlieir Store,
:»27 M siin St.,
*5 dtf Worcester.
Halciieloi-’n Hair Myr.—This superb Hair Dye
,s Mic best, in the world— perfectly harmless, reliable aiid
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Win. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid ltlaek or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful;
docs not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory. 16 Bond st.. N.
dl.vr ly 10
Matti«wi Ac t.-bumOerlujo,
PLUMBERS,
Corner Waldo aud Exchange St«.. Worcester, Idua.
Bath Tuba and Boilers, Water Clouets, Wash Bowls'
Wash Trays, Sinks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough maimer. dtf j v 8
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SA VINOS RANK BUILD INC
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receivet Honey on Deposit subject to Check at Sight
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OK
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
the Renter alone has access, are ottered to the public for
rent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It IS ,1 pt.i.-r Senility against Fire or Uurgturs for
depositing Vahiab.es oi all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages, Wills, Deeds, Jewc'ry, Silver Piste
A« received at very low rates. for which <empts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar Proof Cases, and Small Safes arc
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 k. m. to 6 a m
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security o(herwise aftorded.
Business flours from 9 a. m. to 3 t*. »i.
IVH dtf SAMI EL T. BIGELOW. Set’v
Hi-. Iticli iM-ll’n Nyrup,
For the cure of Bowel or Summer Complaint*, acts like
magic upon Dysentery, Diarrhea, Cholera Mot bus, Colic,
ramp. or Sour Stomach, Dyspepsia. Ac., giving
immediate relict, free from opiate, and never produces
ostivenewt. Designed tor children a* well ns grown
pci soil-, sold by all dealers iu medicine. Plea-e give it
a trial. 1 repared only by Edward Hutton, ut Providence,
U3IJI jylfl
Indvxivul Silver Soap
Marion ILirland, in “Common Sense iu the House
hold. page .529 says: “For cleaning silver, 1 have for
veu- used the INDEXICAL SILVER SOAP. Besides
being clean niul easy of application, it will not wear
away the metal, as will whiling or chalk or plate pow
der- sold everywhere. dSm aulN
The relief afforded by Dr. Ham’s Aromatic Invig
orator. to those affilcted with dyspepsia, inactivity of
the liver, acidity of the stomach, vertigo, depression of
spirits, languor, disturbed sleep, and nervous debility, Is
speedy aud effectual. By its aid a healthy appetite is
produced, and the whole system regenerated, see that
each bottle I teats the name of Dr. Darius Ham—none
ptjKih genuine. (11 w olt)
Menutoriul font cut ion.
The Republicans of the First Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to send {Delegates lo a senatorial
Convention, to he held at the Common Council Room,
on WEDNESDAY EVEN 1 NO, Oct. 25, at 74 o'clock, to
nominate a Candidate for Senator, and t*> transact such
other business as may properl v come before said Con
vention.
Tbe basis of representation will be the same as at tin*
State Convention.
By order of the Committee,
oil dto2s E. H. STODDARD, chairman.
Tin* Kt-publican* of the 3d Worcester S.-nai<*'' d
District are requested to send delegates nii
to he holdcn at Horticultural Hall, in
251 h, lust., al l 1 o’clock A. m„ for the pur,
nating a candidate for Senator, and .u ni-.
other business which may properly h. i
basis of representation will be the m.o i.
State Convention.
A. J. BARTHOLOMEW h.ium
(IEO. W. Johnson, Nec’.v.
Houtlibridge. Oet. 13,1871. dcopPJSth olt
Tli«* l)i>ui»ci*nlM of Worcester County are request
ed to send Delegates to a Convention lo 'be holdcn at
Worcester, in Horticultural llall, on TUESDAY, Del
24th. at 11 o’clock a. m., for the purpose of nominating
candidates for the following County officers: -clerk of
the Courts, Sheritf. District Attorney, one County Com
missioner, and two Special Commissioners, and* for the
transaction of such other business as may properly come
before them.
The basis of representation will be the same as that
for the State Convention.
JAMES E. ESTABROOK.
Chairman oi the Democratic County Committee.
Salisbury lltde, See’y. Wit&dtc 013
Our Mtockliictt Hu* Come!
ALSO,
A LARGE JOB LOT OF UNDERSHIRTS
At Very Liuv Price*!
olfi deop3t E. DENNY it CO.
WoreeHter Five rent* Having* stank.
OFFICE, NO. 1»H MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
Tills Bank Is open every buainess day, from nine o'clock
in the morning to five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
Lars received and put upon inlet est ou the first of every
month.
Dividends ok Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following mouth.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
lap*. CLARENDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
The Worcester M«*<*liunirn Huving* 11,4nk
in VEST HAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily (or (be receipt- of Deposits
Deposits put upon interest on tbe Fifteenth day o*
Men month.
Stiuil-aniiual Dividends in January aud July.
HARRISON BLISS President.
H. Woodward,Treas’r.
rtecl dawtf
People’s HavlSg* Bank,
MARBLE BUILDING, -4. V.! MAIN ST.,
Opposite tlie City llall.
The usual Semi-Annual Dividend at the rate of Six
per Cent, per annum has been declared.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
mouth.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
to Depositors ou Saturday Evenings, from 6 to 8 o’clock.
Aiut.DepiiMiU Aug. 1/71. $2,5711,7(14 70
Number ul‘ Depositor* 7,711
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester. Aug. 2.1871. d«fcwtf ua2
Worcester County Institution fur HuvDig*
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered. February 8,1328.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 $4,5Uu,84.i DO.
Hon. ALEXANDER 11. BULLOCK. President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilat ion I mean
that process by which the nutriment of the food is con
verted into blood, and thence into the solids ot tlie body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the -light
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or if they pike
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms and I hold that it will he
impossible to cure any ease of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion and healthy assimilation.
The very first thing to lie done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which Is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform tlieir
functions, an t then rouse up and restore tlie liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, tlie surest and best,
remedy is Schenck's Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and 1 towels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
Tlie stomach, bowels and liver arc thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills; but there remain* in
the stomach an excess of acid, tlie organ is torpid, and
tlie appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteals are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It is in a
condition like this that Schenck’s Seaweed Tonic proves
to he the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stomach sweet and frosli; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system for tlie first
process of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
iiealtldy, living blood. Alter this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cases of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup.
Tlie Pulmonic syrup no irishes ihe system, purities the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter iu the form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. It U then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers
and cavities arc healed np sound, and my patient is
cured.
The fssential thing to lie done in curing consumption
is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in tiesli and get strong. Ifaper on
has diseased lungs, a cavity or anscess there, tlie cavity
cannot heal, the m itter cannot ripen, so long as tlie sys
tem is below par. What is necessary to cure is a new
order of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow In flesh and get fat; then nature is helped.
the cavities will Dual, the matter will ripen and lie
thrown off in large quantities, and the person regain
health and strength. This is the true ami only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person is very bau. if the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one lung is
entirely gone, if tlieer Is enough vitality lull in the other
to heal up, there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with onlv one sound
lung, live aud enjoy life to a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s medicines will do tocure Consumption. They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
get up a good digestion, and give nature tlie assistance
-lie needs to clear tlie system of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever tlie form may he.
It Is important that, while udng Sell tick's medicines,
care should he exercised not to take cold; keep in doors
in cool and damp weather; avoid night air and lake out
door exercise only in genial and warm sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understood that when J recommend
a patient to l»e careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who lias hut partially recovered from the ctVects of a had
cold is far more liable to a relapse than one who lias been
entirely cured, an tit is precisely the same In regard to
Consumption, so long as the lungs are not per>ectly
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to au atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores, which
the least cliango of atmosphere will intlame. The grand
secret of my success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue Inflammation instoat of provoking it,
as many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot
with satety to tin* patient be exposed to the Inling blasts
of winter or the chilling winds ot spring or autumn. It 1
should tie carefully shielded from all Irritating influences.
The utmost caution should he observed iu this particular,
as without It a cure under almost any circumstances i- an
impossibility.
The person should he kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and ail the medicines continued until the body
lias restored to it tlie natural quantity of flesh and
strength
1 was myself eared by this treatment of the worst kind
of Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, wit It one lung mostly gone. I have
cured thousands since, aud very many have been cured
bv this treatment whom I have never seen.
About tlie first of October I expect to lake possesion
ol Illy new building at tlie northeast corner of sixth and
Arch streets, where I shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all mv remedies, so that a
person in any part ol tlie world can he readily cured by a
strict observance of the same.
•L H. SCIIENI K, M. D., Philadelphia.
GEORGE C. GOODWIN A t'U., Agents, 80-ton.
si deoptf
AI a lariat ]>i«en*e*.
During these months, Fever and Ague, that scourge of
our rich hottoni-laiMts, issue* forth. The immediate
cause of this malady is probably tlie moist exhalations
l hul arise from decomposing vegetable substances. But
there are also secondary and predisposing causes. The
weather prevalent at this season, although not. indeed,
so Intensely cold as that of winter, is more chilling and
more depressing. The effect ol such weather Is to re
duce the measure of vital force, and thus to render the
system more liable to succumb to disease. Endemic dl*
ease Is just now, like a hold enemy, advancing swiftly
upon our position, and, like a skilful enemy, he will not
fail to select the weak points; let us with equal -kill
fortify the weak points—fortify them by the use of a stim
ulating and invigorating tonic such a* Dr. Fisch’a Bit
ter*. The soundness of this theoiy is strikingly illus
trated by the fact that it is by no means every inhabi
tant, even of the. most Insalubrious districts, who yields
to tills toe. It conquers some, but not all. The reason
is simple. Home, their frames already fortified by na
ture’s own great tonic, nourishing food, arc strong
enough to resist the surrounding poisonous influence*,
to which others, whom an insufficient digestive feoulty
ha* in a great measure cut off from tills sou rce of strength
readily succumb. Now Dr. Fisell’s Bitter* strengthen
digestion, and thus enables the only real panacea, FOOD,
to so invigorate the system that It can repel tlie attack
of malarial diseases. Moreover, taken ns directed, this
Medicine ts an infallible cure for Fever and Ague, and
for all forms of Intermittent Fever. dcoplw olfl
John M. Uluru Oi Sou, Uomtnlsson Merchants
and dealer* tn Flour and Grain, Land Blaster, Lime, uaj
ciued Blaster, Or. Bone, Genual, Halt, Guano, Hupei
phosphate of Lime, and We>t iru Broduce, Nos. 95 am
97 Front at., Worcester, Maw>.
dtf JOHN H. rr.ARR A HON
Oeo. W. Hoppin A t umniisson Merchants
end Dealers tu Flour. Corn, Kve, Oats, Malt, Meal u *1
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed, Lluseed Oil Meal. Me
chittilr street Wnreeeter Maur
Hr. Henry I*. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and South bridge su,
913 dtf
Worcester Da* Light Company.
CuKE.
This Cheap and most 1h »iu,\i:i e Fuel for Manufae
tnriug purpose* aud Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit at tin-following Reduced
Prices:
One »’bal.lron of 36 himhels.. $5.00
One Halt d*». 18 2.50
In quantities less than halt Chaldron, I'. Cents per
bii-hcl.
I’uanenta may be made, and orders for its delivery will
h "til only lit the Office oi the Company, No. 6 Bank
B 1 t osier street, tip stairs.
lIEPAIES. Ac.
re.-.. i a rities or failure of supply of gas should be report
applications for service nines and meters may in
id 1 .t ihe Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton’s Block, Ale
ehanic street up stairs. dtf ia4
ll> o* cn«ioimlly toning and stimulating the ner
!<b Latham's Cathartic Extract, you
l r-\ iu o.uirelv remove dyspepsia, constipation, lul
iiiih m ..s headache, fever and ague, impurity of the
flood, s’.nd overcome many disease* to widen you other
wise subject yourself to. dlw olfi
1„ Merritt eld, Timer of the Piano Forte. Orders
are received at Wm. Mi.coßNKY’s. P. O. Block.
iy!s dSAWtf
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. K. A. OOOPNOW,
•i>s dtf First Nat ional Bank.
DIED
In Franklin, N Y, Oet 6, Sarah Stowe, relict of the
late m Ellis, of South Woodstock. Vt, aged Bfi yr*.
Asleep in,Testis—peaceful rest,
Whose nuking is supremely blest;
No fear, no woe. shall dim that hour.
Which manifests the Saviour’s p jwer.
fbto Hbbtriisfimnts.
WORCESTER LODGE, No. SG, I. O. O.
f— 1 lK “Keheknh Degree” will be conferred THIS
E\ EM Mi, upon scarlet mem tiers and their wive*, at
Odd Fellows Hall, Pearl st .at 8 o'clock. Let there be
a full attendance Per order N. O.
018 *llt_ H. H. MARSHALL, Sec’y.
4ME RIC A N ANTI Q UARI AN
SOCIETY.
Worcester, October 18,1871.
The Annual Meeting of ihe American Antiquarian
Society will lie held at the Hall ot the Socle tv, in Wor
cester, on the 21st Inst., at 11 o’clock a. m.
The Semi-Annual Reports of the Council and Officers
will be laid before the meeting.
s. F. HAVEN,
018 dot Recording Secretary, ad interim.
Wo ftoEs TE R ror NT V
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.
The Annual Meeting of the Worcester Co. Horticultu
ral Society will beheld at the Library, in Horticultural
llall, in the city of Worcester, on WEDNESDAY’, the
Ist day of November, at 104 o’clock a. m. to act upon
the following articles:
To choose Officers of the Society for the ensuing
year.
2. To transact appropriate hu.-iness.
3. To see If any change shall be made iu the by laws.
GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worcester. Oct. 18.1871.
TKISTKKS.
The Trn-tces of the Worcester Co. Horticultural So
ciety Mill convene, for the transaction of business, im
mediately-upon the dissolution of the Annual Meeting of
the society. GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worcester, Oct. 18,1871. dtnl
HI r S 1 C H A L j.
HENDERSON LOW ELI Managers.
BRII jI jI ANT ATTR A.CXION
TWO MGIITM ONLY!
The celebrated Irish Comedian and Vocalist,
MR. JOHN COLLINS,
Supported by a
Dramatic Company.
Friday Evening, Oct. 20th,
Boueicanit’s well-known Irish Drama, the
COLLEEN BAW.\
Myles Na (’offaleen Mr. JOHN COLLINS*
with songs, The Boys of Kilkenny,” -Orulskeen
Lawn.” and a new version of‘AVidow Machree.”
Saturday Evening, Oct. 21st,
TWO ATTRACTIVE PLAYS—Kenney's elegant Com
edy of the
I ICISII AMBASSADOR
Sir Patrick O’Plenipo Mr. JOHN COLLINS,
with bongs of "The Bold Soldier Boy," and “Believe me
of ail those endearing young charms.”
To conclude with the laughable Farce of
111*4 LAST LEGS!
O’Callaghan, a man ot Genius on Ills
Last Legs Mr. JOHN COLLINS.
in which character h- will sing “Trust to Luck," and
•‘Widow Machree.
Prices as usual. Reserved seats for sale at the Box
“lllce, commencing Thursday morning. d4t 018
Dissolution ,n copartnership!
Tbe firm of C. A. Gardner «V Co. is dissolved
this 16th day of October, 1871. C. A. C.A RDNEK.
D. A. TOCKTELLOT.
Ibe business of the late firm will be settled bv c.
GARDNER. 0.41* 017
■y E W 1M P O KTATIO NS
WE OPEN THIS DAY,
SEVERAL PATTERNS OF NEW AND DESIRABLE
STYLES OF DECORATED
FRENCH CHINA
IIIVVEIt, TEA A TETE-A-TETE SETS
KNOWLTON BROTHERS,
MECHANIC ST.
018 dtf
H E-TTm A T I 8 M
W Y» U heedless victims of Quackery and Impositions I
Hill you ever leant sense; do you not know that no
medical aid can render you permanent relief or effectual
cure of Rheumatism I.
1* !C O F ESSO 1C MAC,
assert it. and all honest medical men admit the same.
Your sutler!rigs, contracted sinews, crippled, distorted
joint-, and your pockets prove it true.
All trite medical works support my assertions. Read
lor youi-relvcs. Ii medical aid could assist, how 1- it the
tßieert ol England and F.x-Xapoleon of France sutler
irom it now, as assured l.y the press?
1 boidlv assert, and defy contradiction, there has no
cure been discovered up to the present date, hut uiy
New Zealand Rheumatic Adhesive
Vegetable Plaster.
Mnke Inquiry of the victims 1 have cured, (unequalled
m the world,) by my Plasters. Procure my extensive
pamphlet lor full particulars, sent free by mail on appli
cation. and you must be convinced that I do not lDim-
J. \V. MAC,
T No. 192 Harrison Avenue, Boston,
i RT, *i ;R Notice.—From the numerous calls
mane on Dr Mao, ids stay at the Lincoln House will
V continued until Saturday, 21st Inst. Consultation
tree, from 9 a. m to 6 t*. m. dlt* 0 i«
QUEEN INSURANCE COMPANY,
of Liverpool and London.
Capital 2 Killians Sterling.
This Company did not lose by Hi recent Fire in
Chicago, and continues to issue Policies on first-class
Property, at equitable rates of premium.
a. I». K.YOX «fc CO., Agents.
d3t
r |’ltE SUBSCRIBER .wpcctf ully iTi-
A. nuances to the public, that lie lias leased the
“HALE BARN,”
at the corner of Laurel and Ilanover streets, and has
remodeled and thoroughly stocked tlie same, tor the
purposes of a
FIRST CLASS LIVELY AND BOARDING STABLE.
S fF single and Double Teams furnished upon call.
Liberal patronage solicited.
|v Mm* WILLABD HUMEB.
pOB SALE!
LEASE, STOCK A.\« FIXTURES
oi one of the best Bar Rooms in the city; largest thor
oughfare. Oyster Bench attached. Other business, rea
son for selling. Address
CHAS. W. PRESCOTT,
°l° dlt 67 Eastern Ave., Boston.
POR SALE
BOOT A ATI) Mil OF. NTORE
One of the oldest stands In Worcester C’o.. (42 years'
*ta ding.) doing a good business. Sickness the reason
for selling. Inquire of ARTHUR E. GUAY, (of Cheney
At Gray,) 16 and 18 Exchange st. d3t* 018
poll SALE!
A Grocery and Provision Store,
on Main st, Worcester, doing a paying business of
S4O,(HH) per year; situation as good as any in the city
custom first class. Best of reasons tor selling. Inquire
of X. li. CLARK, Front st., or E.T. SMITH A CO., odd
B. .t A. It. It. Depot. dtf 0 18
I OST Monday afternoon. A PLAIN
J GOLD BRACELET, marked F. S. B. to A. J. B
1864. The tinder will he suitably rewarded bv leu vine it
t OSGOOD BRADLEY’S, 44 Brunt st. ifri* ol*
'gin LET An (Tjqnq* TtMuqnent of 7 or 8
1- rooms; hard and soft water. Apply at No 15
Spruce st. d3l* o jg
f |lO LET A Lower Tenement of six rooms.
c°r. ot Hollywood and Kingsbury s‘.s. Barn room
it desired. E. A. FRANKLIN,
illw*
'|M) LET A newly finished Lower Tone*
u, i!"m UI 0| io, 7 l, »quis. at No. 5 Silver st.. Inquire al
thu house bttore 7X o clock a m., or after 6 r. u.
2! 1 N. M. BARNES.
kET—A pleasant Tenement ot six
m. rooms, with the privilege of half the garden. Apply
at the corner ot Brescott aim Lexington sts.
018 dl W MRS DAVIS.
JATION WANTED -To do second
ioi» ii V rork 1,1 11 i' L s pecl-ablo family. Apply at No.
i- u tinge *l. d'it* 0 )8
A N EXPERIENCED DBBBB MAKER
desires a situation *s seamstress, or will go out bv
the nay on ivas’liable terms; will tiirnish u machine If
desired. Address Dress Maker. No. 19 Congress st.
deop3t*
SITUATION WANTED -To do gem-i-al
housework, by one who is a good washer, irouer and
cook. Apply at No. 47 Temple Ht. d3t* 018
WANTED —By a gentleman and wife,
board In a respectable hoarding house or private
family. No objections to being a short distance from
t he city. Ad Ir.ss M. A. N., Spy Office. dll* ols
WA NTED fi1.5,000, in sums of |9OO to
S4U(M. at 7 to 9 per cent, on Ist and 2d mortgages
on good city property. Apply to FaY N CO., opp.
Boat Office, 16 Bear! st. dSt* ola
Manta.
MrANTED-A Man and wife, to take a
Hoarding House in a village—wnh a family .i
cbibtien-as they are wanted to work in and about a
Woolen Mill, siiiut.d about two miles from Cite H ill.
A good chance for the ri.ht person*. Inquire of c K.
H C ItP.ARH, No. 1 Rovers' Block, eor Mam ind Pleamt
sis. dSt* oil
FURNISHED FRONT ROOM, with
board, for gentleman and wire.
Call, or address 11.. fi Congress st.
017 d3t
T>ANTS MAKERS WANTED By
W. A T. HR >WN,
dtf Pearl street.
SITUATIONS WANTKI* liy two girls,
►•--J one as «*ook in a private family, and one to >ni gen
ora housework. Apply at So. 64 Bridge st.
oR <ut*
(t’ANTHI) IMMEDIATELY 1(1 m»i,l
u Luther*. Steady work through the winter. Call
at 58 Salem st. ,130 ~j j
4 FEW IinsPKtrTAIM.K UOAIIDEKS
xm. canbeaccommodut .dat s 4 imton cmin
oil _ d'iw*
WANTED— A competont nmiil, to do grn
oral housework. Inquire at No. 11 High si
017 d2t*
ViilTLAriON WANTED To do wnutai
housework or second work in a private tainih
ply at No. 25 Burt st. dSt* Oj
\XTANTlOD—Board for two ladies, in a
pleasant family In u quiet part {ot tin- lv
with pleasant, well furnished room. Cali on, or address
Mrs. s. c. 1... 58 Front st dfit* o
ANTED—By a man, a home in a
private family—Universallst pr ienvi. Abbe s
"F. A. ISpy Office. d 3r 017
WANTED A situati general
housework. Apph .1 No. 14 G >ld st. court.
oil d3r
SITUATION WANTED a zirl 15
O years of ago, to do second work or take care 01 chil
dren. Apply at 72 temple st. U3l* 017
SITUATION WANTED-—To do second
work or general housework In a small family. Ap
ply at No. 4 Chandler st. conit. d3«* o!7
rJOAIiD WANTKI) A man'iud ladv
P desires tmard In a private famtlv. wncrc there are
no other hoarders preferred, in the vicinity of Ray State
Liberal pay. and references given. Address
Ha i 111. 1.. Spj Office. dJt* oil
n ATION WANTED -As oookl i*\ an
experienced girl. Ap lv at No. 113 Mechanic st.
"17 d3t*
C! ITU ATION WANTED To do I
housework in a small family In the citv. Apt.h at
No. 1, tvar4l nt|.!c -t d3t* «,|i,
SITUATION WANTED in a boarding
yCJ bouse by a capable girl No übjectlons to the eouif
try. Apply at 149 .-oitilii.ridce -i. d;;i* o |s
W ANTED—A few gentlemen boarders iu a
private fam lv, at No. 7 Clinton -t
olfi dfit*
WANT ED A Tenement of 3 rooms imnie-
TT dlstely, near Lincoln street. Rent must below
Call, or address Mis. BARNES. No. 1 Hollis *t., foot oi
kllbyst. dfit* o io
\V T ANTED—Ait experienced matt on a burn.
C. L. HARTSHORN
olfi d»t* May M
GIT I’AT lON WANTKI) l\, do -em ral
►w botisewoik. Apply ai No. 28 Vine st
olfi d;it*
.4 FEW GENTLEMEN can beaceoinmo
dated with hoard, at N<*. I) Trinnbnli st \is,.
Lodging Rooms to let. furnished or unfurnished
014
TXT ANTED Good reliable men. to represent
T T the Union .Mutual Life Ins. 1 Maine in ihl
city, to whom good compensation will lie paid vi-o
Agents throughout the Countv. when- thoeoinpain i-’
not represented. Address I*. n.'Rox 171, Worcester
golfi dtf
WANTED Two or three good men to
work on a farm W, F. bond,
0 3 II Providence at.
\V ANTED—Five or six gentlemen boarders.
1 !lt No. 60 Beacon st., corner 01 Hcmion. Ring
right hand bell. dlw* o |3
I Hoarders wanted At Wo. [5
F Carlton st. Good rooms and good board; house
newly furnished. Good rooms to rent.
o!2 dhv* .Mrs. K. M. IRA VI'S.
FEW GENTLEMEN can beaccommo
Xn. dated with hoard at No. 11 Maple st.
oil dlw*
MILLIN ER W \NTED IMMEDI ATE l V
—At BARNARD, SI'MNKR CO.
oil dlw
WANTED A few boarders, at 56
st. Reference requir*d. dtf ua
Agents wanted—m ale and fk
MALE—In everv town In the United States, to
sell an article needed bv every lady. A live \gent can
make from $5 to S2O per day easily. Send $2 for sample,
or call on HASTINGS, Million v. Muss.
Millbury, Sept. 7,1671. dtf *s
Vl7 ANTED— ">,OOO CDiarr ('li:tiii|>u-m* Jii.d
ties, by E. JEWETT, Manufacturer of improved
Tonic Beer, 26 Exchange st.. Worcester. Mass,
iel2 dtf
SITUATION WANTED—As Coachman,
LI? Hostler, Ac., by a young man who thoroughly
understand* hi* buslne-*; several years' experience lit
first-class families. Apply at 13 Orchard si.
oil dtf
STONE MASONS WANTED At North
Grosvenordale, Conn. Apply to R. G. KING, at (he
new mill. dtf S 2.'»
Ay ANTED Ait Amkrdwn iiov, 10 or 17
years old, to learn the Paper Business. \ppi*.
immediately, to CLARK, SAWYER A t o
010 dtt
W ANTED A Book-keeper for a respoiisi
tde position. Address Lock Box l0S:i, with real
signature and reference. dtt
Ivcctum.
1871 TI,E 1872
WORCESTER CO. MECHANICS ASSOCIATION
present to tlie Citizens of Worcester tor their
patronage, the following
P HOOK AM M E
or
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
October 31.— GILMORE'S BAND—Concert. \rhuekh*
Leader aud Soloist, with eminent Vocal
latent.)
November 15.—Prof. W. RICHARDS Scientific Lec
ture. Matinee Entertainment for Schools
same day.
November 21.—Prof. W. c. Kit’ll RDS—Scientific Lec
ture. (Prof. Richards’ Lectures are copious
ly and splendidly illustrated by exp laments,
requiring the ti e ol extensive. Costly, and
delicate apparatus. Topics to be announced.)
December 14.— MARY X. LIVERMORE. (Mi Liver
more will select her subject, at the request ot
the Committee.)
December VA—llox. THOMAS FITCH, of Nevada.
“Salt Lake; its Saints and Sinners.”
January 11.—Key. W. H. ii. MURRAY. “Deacon*.”
Juuuary 25.— GERMANIA BAN D—Concert. (Assisted
by lamous Vocal and Instrumental Soloists.)
No Date assigned.—Rev. ROBERT COJ.I.YKK. “New
Old England.”
Organ Concert at 7 o’clock. 1 ecturos al 7S.
TICKETS—for the Course. $1 SU; lor Slnvle Concert
50<*; Single Lecture. 25c—for sale at Bookstore-; of J H
Bigelow and Sanford A Co. dtf
U (diets.
STRAYED—From the pasture
tlie subscriber, in Lcicc.-ter :i WEST-
Yfr**R! '**N s, 'UKUS. Wife la*t M-en in the
"iitlic i t. rn part of Auburn. The finder
II be liberally rewarded on giving information of then
whereabouts to Al. A. WHEELER,
2* ti2w* Lelci ter
DASH A ALPS
ARABIAN COFFEE,
One l.l>. Foil PnekageN. 40Lb. Caiek.
RETAIL PRICE, ‘JQ CENTS A POUND.
CHEAP!
HEALTH Y
K( ON«MICAI.!
HELHTOIN
TKY IT.
ITjr'Grocers, send for Price List.
a ,i VO AMS A 40,
ti*".b" Nos. 3411 ,v. 342 Washington st.. New Yor
WEL C H OBIFF IT 11 M
CELEBRATED
J' 1 l la k SAWS, I 4 Aar W 1
HAM) SAWS, n
wnon saws,
CROSS-CUT SAWS, of all description*.
Are Superior to all Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
CP'* For sale by Hardware and Country Dealer*. ai«t
tlie Manufacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
U u im 145 Al4l Federalsl., Boston
Q REE N WOOD IN STITU T|;
S INliles iYoin lioston,
THU IiOMTOX AX l» MAIM C
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suffering from disease or derange
ment of tli- nervous system, caused h.v overtaxing t lie
brain, hy too sedentary liahits, or the excessive or in
.xidiciou* use of alcoholic or narcotic tiniuiunts.
The terms for hoard and treatment -ire from *ls to S3O
a week, varying according to Hie aecoimno t.ilioi r«
quired for the patients. Incases requiring extraordl
narv care and attention, there will lie a proportionaie
extra charge.
All Inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Ma n r
at my office in Boston, will be immediately answered.
Bat lent s are expected to remain such length oi time
as may he deemed necessary.
Payments will lie required i.i advance.
Boston Office-Room* No. Ii Tremont Temple. Ofth
hours—lo a. M. to 2 o'clock m.
ALBERT DAY, M. D..
Superintendent and l livsician.
Greenwood, Auf. 12, 1871. deop39i o\6
JJ A Y AN 1) STR AW
CHOK E CAMMA 11A V,
BUICi IIT WESTI'II X STIC A W
by the Car Load, Ton, or Mingle Bale.
Also, Oats, Meal, Feed, Ac., at No. -11 Waldo si
old No. 0.
lyn <Hf W. 11. <JAY ,t Co.
Dissolution m uorAimncKSHiF
Ihe firm of Stone linos A- Co. mis dav
solved by mutual agreement. Mr. hinwo.ii,
U«nK. w.M A. HTOMS re
WALT Ml A, ST,^P
o« iMi. un. dlw u. n, EuiWowM^"
winSESi o™
chr tew Just received. and opened to order h cou
STOCK iV Cirs, ,;„r. Sr.u, ljEjltUfe :„,ll My
ovsicr shells by ihe inuhci (ree or ctai«!
Ola dlw*