11 Mil
»A
SINGLE COPIES: TEN CENTS.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THR ITATK OF LOUISIANA.
TEEMS: $16 00 PER ANNUM.
VOLUME V—NO. 175.
NEW ORLEANS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1871.
WHOLE NUMBER 1898.
amusements.
gT. CHAKLE8 THEATRE.
BIB DiBAR..............................Proprietor.
Friday Ereataf, Nmakcr 3, 1871.
Benefit of the veriatile artiste
MISS ELLA CHAPMAN,
When will he prelected the beautifal new play, in
one act. written expreaelT for Min Ella Cnap
man, entitled aMRIk' 8 NfcW TEaR.
To conclude with the burlesque of LITTLE DON
GIOVANNI, iutredneing the 1
"IP EVER I CEASE TO LOVE
latest sensation,
SATURDAY—Grand Chapman Matinee, commencing
at IIM. n«>3
CADEMY OF MUSIC.
POSITIVELY LAST NIGHTS
MeKEE RANK IN' C OMBINATION.
FRIDAY EVENING—Farewell Benefit of McKee
Rankin—CASTE and BLACK-EYED 8U8AN.
SATURDAY MATINEE-SCHOOL.
SATURDAY EVENING—By request-ROSEDALB.
SUNDAY EVENING— Last appearance—OLIVER
TWIST.
MONDAY EVENING—Mrs. Jamea A- Oates and her
Famous Burlesque Opera Troupe._no2 it
JJIRST
GRAND FANCY AND
DRESS BALL
HIBERNIAN BENEVBLENT AND MU
TUAL AID ASSOCIATION.
(BRANCH NO. 1),
Will be given at
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
On Tuesday Evening, November 31,1871.
connimn or aiuusoaram:
William Eemagban, John O'Neil,
Hugh Flynn, John McPhelin,
Richard McCIosky. Dennis Brady,
Thomas Bice.
Applications for ladies tickets to he left with any
Of the Committee of Arrangements.
Proposals for rent of Bar, Hat Boom and Restau
rant will he received by Hugh Flynn. No. 147 Pov
drms street, up to Saturday, November 18, 1871, at
which time the bide will lie open and contract ad
judicated to the highest bidder.
Tickets ef Admission....................§3
Q.RANB PROMENADE CONCERTS.
ST THB
MAGNOLIA GARDEN
(Bayou Bridge).
■very Wednesday end Sunday Afternoons.
THB BEST BRASS BAND IN AMERICA.
Admission free. Refreshments of nil kinds fur
■lahad at r eas o nable rates.
jofiSm T. J. JUDT, Proprietor.
WANTED.
VWWW\fWVWWWWW\/MW\A/4/W^^V\A/V\/WWWWtf
WANTED.— A SITUATION BY A YOUNG MAN,
II who is an experienced salesmen in con
fectioneries and foncy groceries. Reference given.
Address H. M. B.. this office. _ no3 4t
A GENTS WANTED— FOR THB UNIVERSAL
A. TWINB AND THRKAD CUTTER Saves time,
twine, thread, fingers and teeth. Something every
body wants. Samples mailed on receipt of twenty
five cents. Address GEORGE DAVIS,
oc313m No. 599 Broadway, New York.
■WANTED—ONB HUNDRED THOUSAND MSN,
f? women and children afflicted with the follow
ing dlacascs: Dyspepsia, diarrhea, bilious and
other fevers, general debility, nervousness, low
spirits, etc.; to be cured by the celebrated Pey
•Baud's Bitten. Pries, |1 a bottle,
spin 8u We Ft It
FOB BENT.
ANDNOMELY FURNISHED ROOMS
and good board cau be obtained at
MRS AARON HARRIS.'
No. 302 Canal street, corner Robertson.
eforences required. ocl lm
17 LEG ANT ROOMS—FURNISHED—WITH OR
JQ without hoard, in that pleasant residence. No
313 Carondelet street Suites mf rooms for femi
Ues, if desired. se8
F ir rbnt-the desirable two-stobt
residence No. 159 Calliope street; well adapted
for femilies; conveniently located; terms moder
ate. Apply to Lock-box No. 160, New Orleans
Postofflce. selStf
FOB SALE.
DOR SALE— CALCASIEU SULPHUR STOCK—
17 Ten shares stock Sulphur and Mining Coin
pony full paid, and ten slrnea ordinary, for sale by
J. STHACSS,
Corner Carondelet and Common streets.
oc291 w
ATT0BNEYS AT LAW.
»WV/WWV\AAA^/VWWWWWWV/\/\/VW\A/VWW\ANA
ffAWMW It THARP.
(J. BAWBIBS— ISAIAX HAW.)
ATTORNEYS AND 0OCNSKLORS AT LAW,
13............Cssmsrclal Flam............II
NEW ORLEANS.
Pr ss s pt attention given to bnsinses in ths
State and United States Courts e1>
MISCELLANEOUS.
£1HEAP GAS FIXTURES AND
_ PLUMBERS' MATERIALS.
SULLIVAN BULGES.
PLUMBERS AND GAS FITTERS,
113 Peydrns, next door to Can* stree
Dealers in Plumbing aud Gas Fitting Materials.
House, ihip and ateatnboat work promptly it*
tended to. Box No. 226 Mechanics and Dealers'
Exchange. _ lu g T
R
AMIE PLANTS FOR SALE.
Crescent City H anile Plaatlac
AND
manufacturing company
BAMIB ROOTS, securely packed for shipping, for
sale by the thou wb 4 at reasonable rates. Terms,
cash when ordered.
Books of subscription to the capital stock ot this
company are now open at the office. No. 122 Caron
delet street.
WILLIAM HALL, President.
Edward Toxatis, Treasurer. ocl8 3m
17ASHIONABLE NOTICE-MR. A. CAPITON,
JT well known for many years as a cutter in one
of tbe heat tailoring establishments in New Or
leans, has the honor to inform his friends aud the
public in general that be has opened a store, for
nis own account, at No. 2 Carondelet street. He
keeps on hand a fine assortment of Cloth, Velvet,
Caasimere, etc., of tbo latest and choicest styles,
and from the best manufactures of Prance and
England, Orders promptly attended to, and prices
moderate. oc25 lm
JMMED1ATH RELIEF,
AND A PERMANENT CUBS GUARANTIED.
THE GREAT WESTERN REMEDY
la a Certain and Speedy Cure for Heambda.
Rheum a t ism, Kidney complaints. General Mi%*
Dyspepsia, Sick Head ache, Chills and F«v«r, ete
vfffefsjara'tauiRia
SS®
8*ld by All Ffrat-Claae Drunfsta.
mca:
Mute, 50 eenta, 75 cents. XI, and 150 per Bottla
ASZirrS WAXTSD ST1KTWEIRB.
YOU DAVIS, Discoverer and MannfoetniW
^3 Washington Street, Newark, N. J.
'be obtained of the Manufacturer at Wholesale
LmtaiL or at DKMA8 BARNES k Co., and HALL/
AUJ, Agents In NEW YORK CITY!
j)RGE CRONAN,
(Su c cessor to Bennett k Larges,)
ft THERE ORNAMENTAL IRON WORKS,
i '"'Corner Magnolia and Erato streets,
c l£ Hear Jackson Railroad Depot,
i Hew Orleana, »—q
xt j tyfimltUngand Houawork in geoeral, Vaults,
ante, ate., made to order at thechartssl
<he reentry
MISCELLANEOUS.
TtJOTICK CACTIOK.- THB PUBLIC ABE
1" hereby cautioned against trading for three
certain mortgage notea, subscribed by the under
signed, each for the sum of fUR 44H. dated aixth
of January, 1171. parable, re.pectlrelr, on the first
of January, 1872, 1873 and 1874, and secured by
mortgage, as per act before the Recorder of Ascen
sion parish, of lame date, aaid notea haring been
fraudulently obtained from the recorder's office of
•aid parish. A. J. SHARP.
Hew Orleans. November 2,1871. no2 3t
gl'NOKIES......................SINDRIES.
POTATOES—1500 barrels choice Jackson Whites,
I landing ex. steamships Metropolis and Bienville.
POTATOES—2iH)» barrels Peachblowa. Buckeys
and Early Rose, in store and on steamboat landing.
ONIONS—300 barrel, choice Iowa.
Green APPLES—In good shipping order.
I BEANS—In lets to suit.
Dried PRUTS and 1
For sale by
no2 St
J. C. MURPHY k CO.,
No. 36 Poydras street.
C lHKIsTlAN A PAUL,
i (Paul J. Christian,) (Albert Paul,)
AUCTIONEERS,
M............(arondrlet Street...........SO
Second door from Union street. New Orleans.
Will attend to the purchase and sale of real
estate, cotton, cargoes, furniture, and out-door
sales of every description no2 lm
JJR. JOHN G. ANGELL.
DENTAL SURGEON,
Office and residence,
133..............Jnlia Street..............133
NEAR CAMP.
A11 operations in Operative, Mechanical and Sur
gical Dentistry carefully performed. I itrous oxide
and other anesthetics administered. oc28 ly
s
FECIAL NOTICE.
AH person, are cautioned not to purchase _
DRAFT for Fifteen Huudred Dollars, drawn by the
undersigned on Charles E. Hovey, of Washington.
District of Columbia, dated September 15,1871, and
payable forty-five (45) <lavs after date, in favor of
John Kouns k Co. (for George L. Kouns), the con
sideration for which said draft was given having
foiled. B. H. PETERSON,
nol 3t
nol 3t
HOMES FOR THE HOMELESS
AND EMPLOYMENT FOR THE MILLH
Harrah for Texan!
The attention of all emigrants who wish to
secure permanent homes and remunerative em
ployment, is called to the fact that the State of
Texas has a homestead law, which donate# one
hundred ami sixty acres to every actual and per
manent settler thereon. With a territorv stretch
ing from the Red river on the north, to the Gulf
of Mexico on the South, and from the State of Lou
isiana on the east, to the Rio Grande on the west,
and possessing a great diversity of climate and
naving a put-lte domain of ninety-two mil
-----acres of land, vacant and unappropriated,
subject to a pre-emption of three yean, when a
title in fee simple Is acquired by the actual settler
thereon; and having now in course of construc
tion six or seven lines of trunk railroads, running
the whole length and breadth of the State, with
lateral branches to all thickly settled districts, all
of which roads are now in want of laborers, and
paying good wages for such labor. Also wanted
1 school teachers and 50,(MW form laborers, to
whom good wages will be given.
Colonel J. H. LIPPARD, one of the Commissioners
of the Bureau of Immigration, appointed by the
State of Texas, under and by virtue of an act of
of the Genetal Assembly thereof, passed at the
regular sassion of 1370 aud 1871, is now in this city,
and can be found at his office, No. 100 Baronne
street, where all persons proposing to emigrate
can apply for information, and where all letters of
Inquiry can he addressed. oc20 lm
rjWOMAS H. HANDY 4fc CO.,
(Successor to John R. Schi'ler.)
IMPORTERS OF SAZERAC BRANDY,
WINES AND LIQUOBS,
Nos. 14 and 16 Boyal street 11 and 13 Exchange
Place, New Orleans, Louisiana,
Devote themselves speciaUy to the importation and
•election of pure
Brudy, Wines, Liquors, Ale and Porter.
Their stock consists of
OLD SUPERIOR SAZERAC BRANDY AND SAZERAC
1803, CHOICE BOUBBON AND BYE WHISKIES,
From the best known distillers, and held by us to
mature. Champagne and Burgundy Wines. St.
Croix and Jamai a Rum, Scotch and Irish
Whisky, from the best makers; Bed White and
Chemisse Port Wine, fine pale and ordinary
Sherry, ditferent brands; Holland, Bell and "Old
Tom" (Sir R. Burnett's) Gin, Vermouth (Noilley
Pratt aud Toxeno). Absynthe, Annisette. Cura
S«s. French aud German Cordials, Ale, Porter
and Bremen Lager Beer. Auagostura. Bolter's;
Hustetter's, Pyrenees and other Bitters.
We particularly invite attention to our vervaelect
stock of FAMILY CLAKhTS and WHITE WINES,
which we sell by tbe cask, case or dozen, to suit
purchasers. Liberal inducements offered to city
dealers, and the most careful attention given to or
ders from the countrv.
THOMAS H. HANDY k CO.,
oc3 3m Nos. 14 and 16
_
rpHE
VICTOR CANE MILLS
COOK EVAPORATORS,
Manufactured fay
BLY U YER, NORTON *c CO.,
OF CINCINNATI,
(Successors to Nilea it Co
Are the only reliable MILL8 and BVAPORATOBS
for amall planters, say from a half to five hogs
heads per day.
Larger Mills, up to heaviest ever made, and Ket
tles, Vacuum Pans, or Steam Trains, to suit, fur
nished on order.
Small sizes, as above, always on hand, and fur
nished in tune for present crop.
THOMA8 B. BODLET,
Sole agent. No. 9 Perdido street, New Orleans.
seaodfcW !m
Y *t SING CO.,
NO. 40 BOYAL STRBET.
(Agents for FOOK. HING k CO., and TONG, WO
k CO.; of 8an Francisco, California.)
IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN
Japnn and China Teas, Lacqaer Ware an4l
ocTlm Fancy Goods.
GERTEI6,
PRACTICAL GUNMAKER.
Dealer and Jobber of GUNS and PISTOLS, breach
loaders, AMMUNITION and FISHING TACKLE,
Na. 33 St. Charles Street,
NEW ORLEANS.
Arms made to unler and repaired by experienced
and thorough workmen. Models neatly made from
drawings with secrecy and dispatch.
Mr. Gerteis expects in a few days a large assort
ment of newly invented Arms. He has now on
hand every article necessary lor a sportsman, and
also s great variety of loaded and unloaded
cartridges.
A good Gunsmith wanted. ec7 ly
y^ESTERN UNION
TELEGRAPH COMPANY,
37......Camp Street, New Orleans......37
The following Branch Offices are now open:
Carondelet street, corner of Gravier street.
Poydras street, corner of Commerce street.
On the levee, foot of Canal street,
St. Charles Hotel.
Lower Cotton Presses, corner of Montegut street
Upper Cotton Presses (In a few days).
The rates on messages between any of these
offices to for ten words twenty eenta; each addi
tional word two cents. On messages to all points
the rates are the same as from the Central Office
No. 57 Camp street.
«c*ltn D. FlANKBT, Superintendent
EPILLMANN, MANUFACTURER
AND APPLIKR Of THB BBIT
Trusses,Braces and Abdominal Supporters
in America or elsewhere.
SEVEN DIPLOMAS awarded at the
State Fair, 1870.
THREE DIPLOMAS awarded at the late Texas
State Fair; 1871.
I wish to Inform the pnblie that my patent tram,
i well as my late patent abdominal supporter, has
"J equal, and both instruments have no snrinn.
baek pads or the horrible strap# of some familiar
Instrument a.
Fraetieal mechanical experience of over thirty
,ears will frilly justify me in solicitingyonr patron
age.^ A trial will convince yon tlte tjbnmbu ^la out
No. 83 Baronne street, between Perdido and bnlon
New Orleans. _ ao33mo
JUMBER............................LUMBER
VIA THE LAKE BOKGNB CANAL.
For the local and coast trade, a large supply of
all kinds of.PHIB LUMBER constantly on hand at
the river end iff the Lake Borgne canal, ten miles
below New Orleans. The location of the yard
(directly on the levee) to admirably adapted to
loading steamboats or barges.
Prices considerably below the New Orleans rates.
Special orders for Lumber, Timber and Wood for
local use or shipment promptly filled.
Apply at the Lumber Yard, or to
JAMBS O. NOYES,
President o t the Canal Company,
aeJteodlm 183 Common street, New Orleans.
THE CITY HALL.
The Timet of yesterday, in speaking of
the "trifling errors" in the City Hall state
ment, says: "And the existence of any snch
individual as V. Ashbury is denied at the
City Hall." Again the error is at the door of
the Times in not copying the roll correctly,
There is no Ashbury, but a Mr. Vincent
Asbury, in tbe Mayor's office, who has
copied every word of the voluminous Coun
oil proceedings, debates and all, from the
fourth of April, 1870; and he can be found
at any time, and exhibit bis handsome jour
nals, and show value received for a very
•mall salary.
Department of Improvements.
In the city ot New Orleans there are six
hundred and fifty miles of streets already
opened, repaired, cleaned and kept in good
condition. Within the last two years their
cost has not exceeded $600,000 per annum.
The Mayor says, in his annual message,
that "four times that amount might be ex
pended," and it is well known that be is a
•tickler for economy.
The present condition of the city's
finance!, will not, however, allow of this lib
erality, and the force at work on the streets
now is much smaller than the necessities
of the case require.
When appropriation certificates were
bringing only sixty-eight cents, the Sur
veyor and Administrator of Improvements
reduced the regular force to one-half, and at
that point it now stands.
Drainage.
Since the inauguration of the new system
of drainage, and the extension of tbe city
limits, by the addition of Jefferson City and
Algiers, the expenses of drainage have been
greatly increased.
During the present year the following
canals have been cut ten feet deep, and fifty
feet wide:
Orleans canal.........
Upper Line canal......
Marigny canal.........
Feet.

.....................4,235
.....................3.238
Total........................................12.365
MiarellaaeoBS.
The newly constructed shell roads, under
the management of Street Superintendent
Pearson, have not in the least been dam
aged by tbe late heavy rains.
Mlscellxaeoaa.
A refugee from Chicago yesterday
brought a letter of introduction to Mayor
Flanders, stating that he had lost his wife
and child and had no insurance.
Yesterday the contractor commenced
laying the square block pavement on Bour
bon street, from Canal street to the Opera
House. The square immediately in front
of the Opera House will he finished on or
about the twenty-fifth instant.
THE COURTS.
A writ of arrest issued yesterdav from
the Fourth District Court against Charles
Hayden, late a resident of Utah, on the
prayer of Julias Newbery, who avers the
defendant owes him $500. The plea in the
case is that tbe defendant ran away from
Utah without leaving behind sufficient
property to settle his debts, and might run
away from this place were no such means
as above resorted to. Process of garnish
ment was served on the chief of police.
Judge Atocba will soon apply for a writ of
habeas corpus.
Suit was entered by the People's Bank
against a commercial firm for $830, the
value of a promissory note.
In the Eighth District Court suit is en
tered against the indorser of a promissory
note for $1000, secured by a mortgage on
six hundred and forty acres of land in the
parish of St. Tammany.
A mandamus on the Auditor being applied
for on behalf of John Evans, tax collector
of Tangipahoa parish, to accept the bonds
by which the relator qualified, a rule nisi
issued on the respondent either to comply
or show cause why not, on Monday, the sev
enth instant.
In the Fifth District Court. Charles W.
Colton, shorthand writer, brings suit against
Mr. Rightor, attorney, for his fee alleged to
be due for writing nine hundred pages of
testimony stenographically in the late Oli
ver trial.
In_ the Seventh District Court business
consisted of the filing of a new rule in the
old case of the city against Widow Regan,
the entering of a motion to make a third
partj curator to a lady plaintiff, besides a
motion to set aside an attachment formerly
waged against a commercial firm, ami a suit
on a promissory note, with a praver and
bond for an attachment. The defendant in
the last case is a resident of Texas, but has
property in the city.
property in the city.
Sckoal Changes.
The following appointments were made
by the School Board at its meeting
Wednesday night:
Gravier School—Miss E. C. Carolan to
second assistant, vice Mrs. K. M. Stanis
laus.
Perdido—Miss M. H. Williams to he sec
ond assistant, vice Miss E. Carolan, trans
ferred.
St. Philip—Mr. G. Andry to be principal,
vice Mr. M. Jovian, resigned.
Chartres—Miss A. P. Meyers to be third
assistant, vice Mrs. E. McClaugbry.
Elmira—Mrs. Laura Enswortii to he
principal, to fill a vacancy.
Mrs. H. Dupree, third* assistant Mc
Carthy School, to be first assistant, to fill
a vacancy.
Keller—Mrs. E. Benjamin to be second
assistant,vice Miss E. M.Holtzman, resigned;
Mrs. S. Johnson to be third assistant, vice
Mrs. E. Benjamin, promoted.
Dryades—Mrs. t. A. Jones to be third
assistant, vice Miss Myra Noble, declined.
Magnolia, Boys'—Mr. J. L. Cross to be
principal, vice Mr. R. A. Camm, declined.
Delaronde—Mrs. J. Ricker to be second
assistant, vice Miss R. E. Todzwer.
Love, drunkenness and jealousy, all to
gether, fired the heart of a young man at a
fair in the Fourth District last night, and
prompted him to use the knife on an inno
cent youth, his rival.
It seems that the young man had been af
fianced to a fair damsel, and that she re
monstrated with him on his first appearance
before her in an intoxicated condition, and
told him very plainly that if she ever saw
him that way again their engagement must
end.
He did not heed the warning, and she
firmly repudiated him.
Last evening they met at a fair, and each
returned a ring to the other. The young
man asked her to allow him to accompany
her home, to which she replied that she was
engaged for the evening to another. The
first lover raved, and swore that he would
have the heart's blood of bis rival; but the
interposition of a policeman, who followed
the three from the fair, prevented the ex
ecution of the threat. The moral is, that a
young man who wants to secure the lady of
his choice should keep sober.
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Lonia Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, stood as follows
yesterday: At 8 A. M., 55°; at 2 P. M., 60°;
at 6 P. M., 58°.
THE SOUTHERN KU-KLUX.
Important lafensatlox Obtained by tbe
Congressional Committee-Treasonable
Designs of Ibe Order of tbe la vial.
Me Empire.
[From the New Tork Herald. 1
Washington, October 26.—The Ku-Klnx
joint committee of investigation will meet
in this city on the seventh proximo,
but a sub-committee, charged with mak
ing a digest of tbe financial condition
of the Southern States, of which Senator
Poole is chairman, will meet on the first
proximo. This sub-committee have ar
ranged a plan under which, if the State au
thorities respond, the public will he able to
obtain a fall exhibit of the'(several State
debts, etc.
Mr. Poole's circular makedjthe following
inquiries as to State indebtedness in July,
1861; at the surrender in 19f5, when the
present governments were inaugurated, and
on the first of January. 1871:
"For how much was the State responsible,
as indorser or otherwise, in 1861 F„r what
was it then prospectively liable? Also,
what part of the increase of The indebted
ness since 1865 arose from the collateral re
sponsibility of 1861 What from the con
tingent or prospective liability of 1861
What from accrued interest unpaid upon
the old debt What from the necessities
created by the loss during the rebellion of
public funds dedicated to specific purposes,
and of which the State or its authorizes
agents had the management 1"
The committee ask that items he given
separately with tbe laws under which they
were incurred and the political composition
of tbe Legislature passiug the same; also, as
to what specific public tnnds, if auy, were
lost to the State through the rebellion and
how. Whether any considerable losses have
been incurred since 1865 by defalcations,
frauds and otherwise Also, wbat was the
county taxation in 1860 and in 1870 What
the State expenses were in 1858, 1859 and
1860, and in 1868, 1869, 1870, ami if any in
crease, what are the reasons therefor?
Other questions are propounded relative
to the manner of bolding elections at the
several periods named, the object being to
ascertain the condition in 1860-61; the con
dition at the surrender in 1865; the condi
tion at the inauguration of the present gov
ernment under the reconstruction acts, and
to compare each with the other and with
the condition at present. The answers are
being sent to the several members of the
sub-committee, and in general are quite full
on the points suggested. This digest will
be one of the most valuable documents in
the voluminous report to be made to Con
gress.
At the meeting of the full committee the
necessary steps w ill be authorized for the
presentation to the Senate of a number of
contumacious witnesses, among them being
General Forrest, of Tennessee, and W. A.
Saunder, of North Carolina, tbe latter
being well known to be chief of the invis
ible empire of that State. There are a
dozen of those witnesses in all, most of
them having absented themselves from the
city after being summoned and reporting
here. One of the runaways is reported to
he living at St. Catherines. Canada.
The testimony already taken by the Ku
Klnx committee is in general of the most
startling character This evidence alone
wUl fill about fourteen hundred octavo
pages, and covers the testimony of more
than four hundred witnesses, chiefly from
the States of North and South Carolina,
Mississippi and Alabama, with a few from
Georgia and Tennessee. A sub-committee
is now at work in the C'arolinas, Georgia
and Florida, while a second is investigatin'"
Tennessee, Alabama and Mississippi. Pro£
ably these two sub-committees will examine
at least three hundred witnesses, whose evi
dence, when printed, will cover one thou
sand more printed pages.
The evidence taken before the United
States Circuit Court at Raleigh in the recent
trials there is now being transcribed from
phonographic notes for the department of
justice. There is very little doubt hut that
Congress will call for this and print it with
the reports to be made bv the inves
tigating committee. Those who are
familiar with the nature of the testi
mony taken by the Ku-Klnx commit
tee, declare that much as has been said
by the press on that subject, the country
will not realize the horrible condition of the
South, and the terrible nature of the Ku
Klux or invisible empire until this report is
spread before it.
All sorts of persons have been examined,
and abundant proof afforded by the open
acknowledgment of its members as well as
by the evasions and even peijuries of those
who are among its leaders to prove that it is
a formidable, wide-spread organization, ex
isting in every Southern State, from the
Potomac to the Rio Grande, though most
active in the States of North and South
Carolina. The central parts of Georgia,
Alabama, the middle and northern portions
ot Mississippi, and the central and western
counties of Tennessee, Virginia, Arkansas
and Louisiana are comparatively free from
its active operations, though proof is in the
hands of the executive to show that it only
needs an occasion to put in active appear
ance in the States named. Florida has oc
casional manifestations, while
Texas shows
many proofs of its activity.
The testimony taken, tv tbe investigat
ing committee is. much ol it, of a horrible
character. The cruel outrages perpetrated
by these hands are diversified by acts
which would shame the Apache Iudians.
Instances by the hundred of maiming and
mutilating before and after death are
sworn to. Special hostility is shown by
the Ku-Klux toward Northern Methodist
ministers, to school teachers and school
houses. In South Carolina their efforts
have been directed specially against tbe
officials, mostly _ colored, and in all places
the large majority of outrages have been
inflicted on colored people.
The percentage of direct murder can not
be less than ten in a hundred, while as many
die afterward from the abuse received. It
was seldom that the whippings were unac
companied by some bestial act or maiming
of the assailed persons. All the evidence
taken establishes the political character of
the conspiracy, and it is made clear that
its purpose is to destroy the reconstructed
State governments and crush out the politi
cal party which sustains them.
This is the result of the congressional in
vestigation, but the facts in possession of
the executive departments prove a more
dangerous design than this as being pur
sued by the as vet unknown supreme chiefs
and councils ot this order. It is established
beyond a doubt, according to this evidence,
that no one who served in the federal army
or civil service, no matter what his politics
may be, is admitted
The great body of Ku-Klux membership
is but a reorganization of the confederate
army, reinforced by the young men and
boys who have grown up* to a serviceable
age since the surrender of Lee. The testi
mony in possession of the government es
tablishes a membership of from four to five
hundred thousand, of whom one-half may
be relied upon to carry out the treasonable
plans of the leaders. The President thor
oughly comprehends the designs and work
ings of this organization, and there is every
reason to expect that even the secrets of
its supreme council will be laid before him,
as have been those of its most powerful
State auxiliaries.
The first ball of the Capitol Base Ball
Club, champion juniors, will be given at
Eagle Hall, on Saturday evening, the
eleventh instant. Messrs. William Young,
James J. Hand, William Nelson and John
Harley are members of the committee of
arrangements.
Messrs. Louis Stern Brothers will sell
to-day, at ten o'clock, at No. 16 Chartres
street, eight hundred cases boots, shoes and
brogans; three hundred dozen ladies',
misses' and children's shoes, and fifty cases
men's and boys' hats.
The weather was still cool last night. We
may expect pleasant weather to-day.
A COLORED MARTYR.
Oration fry Rev. Henry H. Oai-nett-Oel
•**d Men Waned Aaalaat Their Po
litical Enemies—The Men They rihoald
Support.
tFrom the New York Times]
An oration upon the life and character ot
Professor Octavius V. Catto, of Philadel
phia, who was killed in the riots at the re
cent election in that city, was delivered at
tbe Shiloh Presbyterian chnrth (colored)
corner of Marion and Prince streets,
Rev. Henry Highland Garnett.
Mr. Garnett said that but a few days ago
an accomplished scholar, a brave soldier
and a good citizen was stricken down in tbe
streets of Philadelphia, for no other crime
than that be bad attempted to exercise his
right to vote after his own choice. While
the people there assembled were filled with
mingled sorrow and indignation, Octavius
V. Catto was lying in an early grave, his
body rent with gaping wounds. He was
in death, but
_ T tbe principles for
which he died still live and are crowing.
He was slain, because like many of bis race,
he would not affiliate with corrupt poli
ticians. Their bribes and threats having
failed, they resorted to the cowardly weapon
of the assassin.
The death ot Catto had not lost a man
from the royal ranks; the colored people
were driven by the deed to take a firmer
stand by the side of the law-abiding people.
They who killed him were of those who
were responsible for all the wrongs that
have been done the colored race daring the
past two hundred years. Mr. Garnett com'
ared the rioters in Philadelphia to the Ku
.lux of the South. He saiu all color dis
tinction must be done away with. CattP- he
Haid, was born in Charleston, South Caro
lina, February 22, 1839, came to Philadel
phia with his father when be was seven
years old, received his education there, and
taught in the Philadelphia Institute for Col
ored Youth; he had been superintendent of
the department of public instruction in
Columbia, and was a major of militia in
Philadelphia, and died while in the dis
charge oihis duty.
He called upon tbe colored vonng men of
New York to weigh well their action; the
party that bad prompted the assassination
of Catto were the unfailing enemies of
their race, no matter what new departures
they might take, and the only course for
colored men was to stand by the noble band
of patriots who had destroyed slavery. He
called upon them to pledge by the tomb of
dead Catto an endless war against those
whose policy had killed him.
An appeal for aid for the sufferers by the
Chicago and Western fires was made, and a
collection taken up.
collection taken up.
A Colloquy.
Shortly after it became known that Hon.
Thomas W. Conway, State Superintendent
of Public Education, was attacked with
yellow fever, one prominent citizen said to
another whom he met;
"I have some good news to tell yon."
"What is it was the inquiry.
"It is that Conway, the State School Su
perintendent, is very sick with yellow
fever."
The second party then said in rejoinder:
"I have some bad news to tell you."
"What is that 1"
"It is that Dr. Holcombe is attending
Conway, and is going to get him well."
There was no farther conversation on
that subject.
Phil Sheridan Irish Republican Club.
At an election held yesterday evening in
the Senate chamber, the following officers
were duly elected for the ensuing six
months: P. Creagh president, J. H. Lawler
first vice president, P. Harnon second vice
president, William J. Funds recording sec
retary, M. Houlihan corresponding secre
tary, Daniel Crowley treasurer, William
Lynne marshal, James Dalton sergeant-at
arms, Daniel Healy assistant sergeant-at
arms.
Last Sunday, we learn from the Timet,
that while the family were asleep, a fire
was discovered at the residence of Captain
Moore, six miles from Covington. So rap
idly did the flames over-spread the building,
that the Captain and his family barely es
caped in their night clothes. A working
man, whose kame we did not ascertain, who
was asleep in the back room, was burned to
a cinder. So sudden and destructive was
the fire that none could imagine how it
originated.
The pardon granted to Edward Craigin. on
the twenty-seventh of October, who had been
sentenced to imprisonment for life, at hard
labor, in the State Penitentiary, was re
voked on the thirty-first ultimo, on account
of his continued disobedience to tbe rules of
the prison. The Governor directs the Board
of Control of the Louisiana State Peniten
tiary to reinstate him to serve out the term
of his imprisonment.
Collector Patton, of Galveston, has been
suspended. The Houston Union says:
•We do not know the reason, but we do
know that there is no more faithful and
laborious Republican and friend of the ad
ministration in the State than Collector
Patton."
Some of the Customhouse crowd ob
truded themselves into the meeting of tbe
Irish Repnbliean Club at the Mechanics'
Institute last night, and of coarse, to be
consistent, kicked up a row. They were
defeated in round numbers, and hence re
sorted to violence.
Mr. C. D-. Hess, the agent of the Oates'
burlesque opera troupe, has arrived in this
city, and made a visit to the Republican
editorial rooms yesterday. Mrs. Oates, with
her excellent company, will commence an
engagement at the Academy of Music next
Monday evening.
Dr. W. H. Pemberton, president of the
Louisiana Paper Manufacturing Company,
left for Philadelphia last evening. He in
tends to buy machinery for the company's
paper mill on Liberty and Franklin streets.
An enterprising Yankee has just opened a
store on one of the principal streets in Paris
and announces on the sign in front of the
door, that "pumpkin and mince pies, and
pork and beans, a la Americaine," will be
always on hand and to order at the shortest
notice.
On Monday last tbe grain in four of the
burned elevators in Chicago was sold. The
Galena elevator contained 311,000 bushels
of wheat, and brought $26,750; the grain in
Manger A Armour's elevator, amount not
given, $3,055; in the Central elevator*
amount not given, $23,700.
There is in Auber's will a legacy of five
thousand francs a year for the best French
comic opera. The composer is to receive
three thousand, and the author ot the
libretto two thousand.
We may judge of men by their conversa
tion toward God, but never by God'a dis
pensations toward them.—Painter.
B Y TELEGRAPH.I
LATEST HEWS FROM ALL POINTS
MORE PENSION FRAUDS
SALT LAKE CITY AFFAIRS
RESISTANCE OS EMIGRATION
Governor Bullock's Resignation
NEW TORK PRESS COMMENTS
THE NEW YORK DEMOCRACY
A NEW ORGANIZATION PERFECTED
DESCENT ON HOUSEBREAKERS
THE PHILADELPHIA RACES
WASHINGTON.
-Minister Cataeaay- Ranters at Mare Pen
sion Fmada—Arreola to be MsSe-Halt
Lake City—KesUtaace or Emigration—
Business Prostrate.
Washington, November 2.—It is
nounced positively that M. CatacazywUl
not be received after the visit of Prince
Alexis, and should he persist in exercising
the functions of minister from Russia, his
passport will be handed him.
There are rumors to-night of a discovery
of heavy additional frauds in the pension
office, and that the proper parties will be
arrested on the return of the commissioner.
A gentleman just from Salt Lake says
resistance or emigration is certain. The
Mormons have been invited to Mexico.
They are well armed with guns purchased
from the United States. The Gentiles have
sent their families thence for safety. Eastern
capitalists have ceased investments. Busi
ness prostrate.
a
NEW YORK.
Stack Exchange Insurance Failure
Killed by a Train President of
P anam a Rail road-Times and Tribane
en Governor Balleck'a Reelgmttlen
Hla Successor an Honest Man—Gov
ernments Irregular—State Benda Dali
New Democratic State Organbratla
In New York.
New Yobk, November 2. —The 8tock
Exchange adjourns Tuesday for election.
The Mercantile Insurance Company of
this city has suspended.
Edward D. Nelson, artist, was hilled by
a railroad train to-dav. J
James F. Jay has bieen elected president
of the Panama railroad, vice Hoaillv. re-1
signed.
The Timet says Governor Bullock, of
Georgia, arrived in this city yesterday. He
states that all his official acta are matters
of record, and that Governor Conley has a
detailed statement of all financial trans-1
actions, and that there is no foundation
whatever for the wild charges that are
being made against him. He states he is
ready for any fair investigation, and intends
soon to return to Georgia and demand it,
but he is not willing to permit any arrest
at the instance of his political enemies in
Georgia, because his friends advise him it
would result in his being ku-kluxed by a
mob, nnder tbe instigation of the men who
were so near grasping the State government,
and have been so neatly ana effectually
foiled.
The Tribune says, the letter of Governor
Bullock, of Georgia, announcing his resig
nation, is not very clear upon the points on
which the public desire more light. He
says he resigned because there was a con
spiracy to impeach and removed him, and
that, by resigning, he defeated that con
spiracy. Some people will say that he gave
up his office to escape impeachment, but
Governor Bullock also savs, that, by sur
rendering his office into the bands of tbe
president of the senate, Mr. Conley, he se
cured an honest successor.
As we understand the case, Mr. Conley
would have become acting Governor even
if Governor Bollock had been removed by
the conspirators, and the retiring Governor
expressly says that no proceedings against
Conley Lave been suggested. The whole
affair is certainly very hazy.
Evening.—Money closed at 7 per cent.
Discounts 12® 15. Sterling strong at 108%.
Gold 112® 112%. Governments irregular;
five-t wenties of 1862, 111%. State bonds dull.
Tennessees 66, new 66; Virginias 64 new 63;
Louisiana sixes 65, new 50; levee sixes 64,
eights 75; Alabama eights 98, fives 65;
Georgia sixes 80, sevens 86; North Caro
lina! 36%, new 19: South Carolinas 70.
new 36%.
Sixes of 1881, 117; five-twenties of 1862,
111%; 1865, 111%, new issues 113%; 1867,
114*4; 1868, 113%; ten-forties 109%.
Arrived: Wilmington. Arrived out:
Manhattan.
A new Democratic State organization,
under the title of the Jackson Democratic
State Association, was completed in this
city yesterday. It comprises the State
central committee, an executive, etc., and
the names of the most prominent reform
Democrats throughout the State appear on
its list. The platform adopted opposes cor
ruption, favors political reforms, better
rupuon, iavors political reforms, better
caucus system; opposes centralization of I
efforts for the purificar
tion ot the ballot and Democratic party,
and favors tbe payment of the national
ib bt, and the maintenance of the public j
credit. A. 1). Caldwell is president of the j
association.
FOREIGN.
French and En«liah Treaty-Strike Con
templated by Berlin Workingmen.
London, Novemlier 2.—The French and
English have compromised their commer
cial treaty differences.
Berlin, November 2.—The workingmen's
committee of this eity summon a run gross
of workingmen here ou the nineteenth in
stant. The object is to organize a grand
strike for increase of wages and decrease of
hours.
miscellaneou 8.
Philadelphia Clly Trraaafer—"Democratic
Conservative" Meeting In Baltimore—
Fair nt Celnmbne-Fnll ef n Fair Bnild
ln S In San Frnnciaen-Deseent na a
Gang ef Hoaaebreakera—Stolen Goods
Identified—Philadelphia Race s.
Charleston, 8. C., November 2.—There
were five fever deaths in the last twenty
four hours.
Philadelphia, November 2.—The city
treasurer has resigned. The charges against
bim were heard to-day. He was held to
bail in $100,000.
Baltimore, November 2.—A mass meet
ing of the Democratic Conservative party
of this city was held to-night in Monument
square, to protest against the proceedings
in South Carolina under the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, or, as the call for
the meeting states, a grand uprising to pro
test against the war now being waged
against liberty and law. Tbe clubs of the
different wards, twenty in number, paraded
the streets with torchlights, banners, trans
parencies, devices, bands of music, etc.
Hon. Reverdy Johnson presided at the
meeting. Resolutions were passed and ad
dresses delivered by Hon. Reverdy Johnson,
Hon. William Pinckney Whyte, Hon. Joshua
Vanzandt, Mayor elect, and others. The
number present is estimated at from 8000 to
10 000
Columbus, Ga., November 2.— The third
day of Hie fair is a great success. Eight
on the ground
Tennessee, Rattler and other fast trotters
and runners are present. Weston, the re
Dl ?7? e walks to-morrow. There
will be a $1000 trotting match Saturday.
San Francisco, November 2.—The /root
of the pavilhon for the mechanics' fair toll,
killing one and fatally injuring one.
Cincinnati, November 2.—Friday laat
descent was made by the sheriff and poase
on the residence of a man named English,
the headquarters of an organized gang of
housebreakers, near Chillicothe. Among the
articles captured were a number of books
instructing in the art of burglary. Two ot
the gang were arrested. A merchant named
Simmons has identified $800 worth of stolen
property found in poeaeseion of the prison
ers.
Philadelphia, November 2.—About
three thousand persons were present at
Suffolk Park to-day to witness the race for
a purse of $3000 between Goldsmith Maid
and Lacy. The weather was delightful,
and tbe track in good condition. Goldsmith
Maid won in three straight heats, the time
being 2:22*4, 2.18%, and 2:18%, beating
Dexter's time on the same course.
We ath er Repart,
___ Warn DiFABTnan*,)
_ OJMe Chief signal Officer,
Washington, November 2 Lm, 7:30 F. R.)
SYNOPSIS OF THB PAST TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
The low barometer, which was Wednes
day afternoon central in Maine, has
moved eastward beyond our stations,
brisk northwesterly winds in the Mid
dle and Eastern 8tates having been ex
perienced for a short time during the
night. Freeh winds and partially cloudy
weather have prevailed to-day from Lake
Erie to Minnesota. The cloudiness in the
Ohio valley and the Southwest has cleared
away under the influence of the rising ba
j

I rometer which has traveled slowly north
I eastward. Northeasterly winds ana cloady
I weather are now reported from the south
I Atlantic coast; northerly winds with cloudy
I weather on the gulf coast. Threatening
I weather has prevailed on Lake Superior,
I an< southeasterly winds in the Northwest
I w P' Me the westerly winds of yesterday,
I Southerly winds with light rains have pre
Miled on the coast of Oregon. Clear weather
PEOBAB1LITIBS.
The barometer will probably rise slightly
with light winds ami pleasant weather in
the Southern and Middle States on Friday,
northwesterly winds and partially cloady
weather in New England and northern New
York, fresh northwest winds on Lake On
tario, southerly winds on Lakes Michigan
and Superior, and northerly winds and clear
ing weather on the golf coast. Dangerous
winds are not anticipated for this evening.
I California,
River tatalUganaa.
Southwest Pass, Nov. 2, 6 P. M.—Barom
eter 30:40. Wind north northwest, light. Ar
rived: British ship Assam Valley, Rob
erts, master, forty-three days from Rio
Janeiro, with 8409 sacks of coffee, to J. L.
ov
of I "'PI* 8 Co. She sailed from Rio Janeiro
I oa twenty-first of September; experi
by I eno ®A strong breezes from the sonthward
J I until the twenty-seventh, on which day she
I 8 P® k to t} 1 *>ark Ocean Beauty; all well,
re-1 n hound south in latitude 10° ly sooth,
I longitude 31° 2' west; then had light winds
of I 5? >m southward to southeast; September
I paused the bprk Strawnnt, of Boston,
I 8t ln IJ in latitude 20° 3U south,
a I longitude 33° 43'west: September 24, passed
5r'P nnder the signals fourth pen
numbers 3864, bound from London to
I Calcutta in latitude 17° 36' south longitude,
is I 380 i 5 September 30, sighted Fer
nando de Novonha. October 2, crossed the
m longitude 32° 46' west; then
ia winds from the eastward to the
in a rt heast. October 18, sighted Tabasco
it tomnd; then had light and variable winds
a m t north to the east, with hot and
8U '**y weather. October 30, rounded Cape
St. Antonio; then experienced strong
breezes from the eastward to the southeast,
with heavy rains at times tor thirty-six
hours; then had breezes from the north
ward, with thick fog.
American bark D. H. Bills, Penny, mas
ter, fifteen days from Boston, with general
cargo to master.
No departures.
Memphis, November 2.—Weather clear
and cool. River falling. Passed up: Lucy
Bertram and Alice.
Vicksbcbg, November 2.—Passed down:
Wade Hampton at 6 P. M. Passed up: Lady
Lee at 6 P. M. River falling. Weather
clear.
Louisville, November 2.—The river is
stationary, with two feet eight inches at
the heail of the canal, and twelve or four
teen inches in the chute. Weather clear
and pleasant.
The Hurriii J si.-am pump failed for tbe
fourth time at trial on the R. C. Gray,
Tuesday.
Pittsburg, November 2.—Weather clear
and cool. River fulling, with thirty-two
inches in the eh.'oniel.
thirty-two
inches in the eh.'oniel.
M A KKET8.
Domestic Markets.
New York, •■ruber 2, Evening.—Cot
ton closed dull and heavy; sales 2019 bales;
middling uplands 18%c; middling Orleans
19*ic. Flonr: Southern heavy; common to
fair extra $7® 7 65; goodtocnoice $7 70®
9 25. Whisky 91 *4® 92c. Wheat closed
heavy and declining; winter red and amber
Western $1 55 a 1 b0. Corn closed heavy
and lower at 77%®78c. Rice 7%®8V 4C
Pork active at $13 20® 13 25. Lard a shade
easier; kettle 10%c. Naval stores firm.
Tallow steady. Freights dull. Sales of
futures to-day 13,600 bales as follows: No
vember, 18%®18%e; December, 18 5-16®
18 9-16c; January, 18% 18% c: February,
|g 1316® 19c; March, 19%®19%c- Aorfl
I 19%01'j U-J6e 4C
Coffee dull; Rio quoted at 18®20c. Sugar
dull; fair to good refining quoted at 8%
9 %e; Cuba 8*4 ®9%c. Molisses dull iLf
j quiet; $7®11 for plain mess; $11®14 for
j extra mesa. Freights—Per sail: eotton
®5-lGd, corn 8d, wheat 8*4d; per steam;
wheat 9V4®10d.
Cincinnati, November 2.—Cotton: market
steady, with a moderate demand; low mid
tUing l7Vtc. Flonr steady, demand mod
erate; family $6 50 ®6 75. Wheat opened
dull but closed active; red $1 40® 1 43.
Corn dull, prices drooping; old 56®57c; new
46® 47c. Oats: demand good at full prices,.
36® 40c. Pork: demand fair, market firm,
$12 25®12 50, the latter asked. Lard: de
mand light, holders firm, 8% ®9c. Bacon:
demand fair, market firm; shoulders 7 %c;
clear rib sides sold at 7% ®8c; clear sides
7%c. Whisky: market steady, with a mod
erate demand, 88c.
St. Louis. November 2.—Cotton doll;
prices nominal. Flour—The market is
steady, with a moderate demand: superfine
winter $5®5 25; doable extra winter $5 75
®6 20. Wheat stiff and tending up] No. 3
red fall $1 41; No. 2 red winter $1 52®1 53.
Corn dull and irregular; mixed in elevator
and warehouse 41»44c. Oats a shade bet
ter; No. 2 in elevator 33®34c. High wines
quiet at 88c. Tobacco active and un
changed. Hemp and bagging dull. Pork
firm at $13, held at $13 25 at the close.
Bacon steady for order lots; shoulders 7%c,
clear rib sides 8c, clear sides 8V«c. Lara
quiet at 9%®9%c.
Forelan Markets.
London, November 2.—Bullion in the
Bank ot England increased £817,000 Tal
low 29s 6d to 30s.
Paris, November 2.—Rentes 58f 5c
Yesterday'* Bvening Dispatches J
New York, November 2.— Details of the
Brazilian emancipation law have bt a re
ceived. The law provides that all chii Jren
born after its promulgation Bhall be free.
The slaves owned by the government are
free, and various provisions are made for
roe benefit of those still held in slavery.
Beligioua corporations were emancipating
their slaves, and many private slave owners
are moving in the same direction, convert
ing their slaves into free tenants or freeing
them upon condition of a tew years' service.
A special cable from London yesterday
says; "It is now certain that Prince Meter
[CONTINUED ON FOURTH PAGE.