VE
ATE)
eh ve Fags
NEW-YORK. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31. 1871.

———v NO QRZ
A
re RATTLE WITH THE RING.


D
THE FIELD.
BEA A Ua Se a di

A ramor of the withdrawal of Mr. lweed
from the Senatorial contest in the Ivih District, and his
Br aation of te Prosidency of the Bosrt of Public
Works, wae sot affont late yosterday afternoon, but the
reported action of Mr. Tweed Was &0 jmprobable that
fow bolleved that there was any foundation for the story.
1t was well canvassed among politicians last night, and
those Who did not scout the idea altogether, believed
that the rumor had beon started Ly some agent of the
Rink to cover other and equally startling movements in
contemplation. Morgan Jone? was Mr. Tweed's ru
mored successor in the Senatorial contest, but at a late
poar last night MT. Jones had heard nothing authoritative
eoneerning the matter, and eaid that he did not believe
there was any truth in it, and if 1t proved to be correct
De should consult with his friends before placing himself
fn tho fleld as Mr. Twoed’s substitute.










A reporter who visited the Oriental Club-House had
the following conversation with Michael J. Shandley
Reporter—Mr. Shandloy, have you scen that repo
this eveoing's Jaze about Mr. Tweed's ty H iB
ghandley—I have.
Reporter—L3 it true
t
0 resigne
wR bomiod tbat ho will not run for BenAtor. the Beard of
ghandley—You may deny it authoritatively.
Bld hf am been
I, ween
told m6 that no such thought had oe] gh gh
showed get the paper himself, and said, Look here, 806
Bi on he Did you ever sec euch a
porter—Then Mr. ead will not res
either his
office at the Board of Works or his ARTY
shandler—No, he wen't; quite the reverse. He will
be mote dele mued to ran than before, and will be re
true by an increased pao, in consequence of the
I
WATCHING FOR INGERSOLL.
FOUR DEPUTY SHERIFFS LYING IN WAIT TO AR
REST HIM—WHAT MR. TWEED THINKS OF
HI3 RETURN,
Deputy Sheriff Jarvis assigned four of his
officers yesterday to search for Mr. Ingersoll on the
trains arriving fo this city from the East, but they were
pot successful in finding him. As soon as he arrives he
48 to be srrested, and none of the consideration which
was shown Mr. Tweed is to be used toward hus less fa
yored co-defendant. Mr. Jarvis, as head of the or
der of Arrest Department, said yesterday that Mr. In
gersoll would bo treated like amy ordinary prisoner;
that be would be wind Ms. I
could be found, and be taken immediately to the 8herifl’s
office, where bo will be required to furnish bail or accept
0 alternative—Ludlowst. Jail. Although his asso
dates profess the most unbounded faith in Mr. Inger
wil’s intention to return to the city, there arc not want
fog those who assume that ho has fled and intends to
remain away. Mr. Tweed is not of the latter class. In
eonversstion with a TRIDUNE reporter, yesterday, he
mid
«Of eonrse Ingeraoll’s coming back. His interests
Bere are too heavy to admit of his running away. I
know that he wanted to go away on business some time
8g, and that he delayed werely to give these people an
opportunity to arrest him, and at last I suppose Lis
Pusinees wos preasing and he had to attend to it. Bat
»e’ll be back.”
Mr. Tweed was thea asked if, in the event of Mr. In.
gersoll failing to return, he (Tweed) would be held re
sponsible for the whole amount of money involved ia the
suit, shoud judgment he given fer the people.
“Weil,” sail Mr. Tweed, “I guess they're trying tc
boid 16 rezpausrible for all of it, anyhow; and thin he
sd, but on any of theso legal points I had rattler you
sid my counacl.”
“His flight woul? have a bad moral effect on the case.’
“Weil, yes, I supposo 80; but tien he isn't going tc
ft.”
Fotwithstanding Mi, Tweed’s confilence in Ingersoll’s
yectitude, there is a widespread doubt of his appearance
tm New-York 1a time for trial.

WHIFPE IS WOODWARD?
DP HE IN CANADA OR CHICAGO {—WIIAT IS SATD
AT XORWALK—IFRAUDULENT NATURE OF HIS
CONVETANCES.
Elbert A. Woodward is still absent from
Kerwalk, andl no cae ventures to predict when he will
return. A week wo last Scturday he inforwed one or
two of his busiices associates that he was going to
Chicago in the capacity of President of the Fairfield
County Fue Insarance Company, to adjust some losses
fweurred by the dro. The following Monday he took an
eactwerd boun i train, and the next day his wife left
Rorwaik, as she stated, to join bim in New-York. He
Bad at this time, however, ceased to be President of the
Dsurauce Company, baving transferred all his stock
uneurting to about $10,000, a8 the books of the corpora
tion show, and although his resiynation has not Leen re
ecived by the Sceretary, his position is of course vacant.
Tue statement tha: he is now ensconced in the office of
The New-Haoen Register 1s utterly unfounded, and Elvert
A. Weodward 13 hardly likely to be caught at the present
time within the procinets of Connecticut. His only con
pection with journalism is a part-ownership of a small
sheet issued in Norwalk, which was established to sup
port his nomination for some State oillce about twelve
months ago. A very general impression prevaiis that ho
has gone to Canada, and the fact of his taking an East
ward train is stroug corroborative proof. It is also
believed that Le hus fesued powers-of-attorney to Lis
lawyer, W. R. Binith, and since THE TRIBUNE'S exposure
tast Thursday the Town Clerk's oflice aud the Rocord
books have been watched with interest.
A TRIBUNE reporter whe went to Norwalk yesterday
visited the manufactory of Jolin D. Beatty Bros., sit
sated midway between South Norwalk and Norwalk
Bridge. J. P. Beatty was again absent, but the reporter
faw Samuel Beatty, another member of the firm, who
thowed no reluctance $0 cqnverse.
“Mr. Woodward has nof returned home yet, has het”
“Xo, Bir.”
“When do you expeet him”
“I could not say.”
“Do you expeet him at allt”
“Certaluly we do.”
“Ihave been fuformed that be has communicated with
So member of your firm during his absence. May I ask
what ressonsiyou have for believing he will return 1”
We believe he will return, because Mr. Tweed says
emphatically, and he was more intimate with Wood
ward than anybody else. Beside, all the hue and cry
that has Leen raisedamounts to nothing, Mr. Woodward
#ono to Chicago on business.”
"Bis departure was very sudden.”
Fotatall. Two or three days before leaving he com
Bunicated his intention to me, but sald he wavered
Whether ho should go after all.”
I emppose you saw what THE TRTBUNE sald of the
inners Yea hot Fodward's property to John I. Beatty 1”
Was it correct 1”
Neryal, except that this firm fs not a branch of the
Wood ork house of Vanderhoef Beartf, and that Mr.
oo Yad is only connected with the latter and not
of ‘We were never about to fail, and never needed
a Woodward's money to revive us.”
dor i Beatty, one more question. Are yon aware that,
or law of Connecticut, transfers made in the man
those release mort of Woodward's were are
frandential and lahie to attachment
hat 18 4 point of Jaw, Sir.”
FR ND to the General Statute Boak of Connec
Fractal, elon of 1786, Bection I. of an act a
That ah nt Convey ances, was found to read as follows
to nude glen aud deceitful conveyaness of lands or tenements, or
or of any goods or chatiels, avd all bonds, suits,
3) slic, avd contracts made with intent to avoid any debt,
pm Le utterly veld, as against those Jorn only,
Pdearored to tart ons, Adsainatestory, ot assigns, whose debi or duty is
Fetes, whe. a next conenited with an audrhey ef expe
Boglich orwed him that ft was a principle of old
SVL Jaw, vail in ail the ‘ater, that, such
those uals y Woodwa Weel
over
lam void. “Such eeds as those Ny which
are v p
Connon there 1s Dot a lawyer or a Judge in tho State of
The
Woodward's 1. would account them valid.”
A L] autini
Bavecuorted, and look melancholy enough. Th
Pelnge n inte scrupulous silence, and
pr—
£54 mistress wit 14 questions as to whey their master
Dowever Rg ig There is good reason to be
hilg hilt, Mra. Woodward and hor youngest
terday, om ale away with her, reached iome yes
Wi sein reappear. be inferred that Woodward
oth reporter ey said Mayor Ely of Bouth Norwalk
We are are you ph in New-York wo
oh RS oudent ré that the transfers
Itls y you not attach Woodward's
ofa understood that there is nearly a quartor
Withous phe rth still intoet, which igi be
When onee n trans terminable litigation that followa
Soumtantly talked of go made, If the proofs which are
thing dove. exist, we should lke to ece soc
Nasaryp SBMOM, Be cretary of the Fairfield County Fire
Bute lo Cuiggueny, stated that Mr. ‘Woodward bad
adjust losses without comsulting
him, and that up to three days ago, the date of their
Iatest advices from thelr Chicago accots, Mr. Woodward
had not been seen or heard of.’
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: The name of the great thisf Wood
ward is ELBIRT A., and not Elbert, as constantly printed.
I trust there will be no mistake in the indictment.
ONE WHO KNOWS THE BIGNATURE.
New-York, Oct. 30, 1871.
CHARLES OCONOR EATYLODES 11LHE 71 Hie RET
OF GEORGE TICKNOR CURTI3 TECHNICAL
POINTS OF NO CONSEQUENCE GUILTY OR
NOT GUILTY?
A long communication from Geo. Tieknor
Curtis (the points of which were printed in yosterday's
TRIBUNE), containing numerous quibbling objections to
the recent action of Messrs. O’Conor and Tilden agaluet
Tweed, has elicited from Mr. O'Conor the following
vigorous response:
NEW-YORK, Monday, Oct. 80, 1871.
To BAMUEL J. TILDEN, esq.
DEAR BIR: Agreeably to ou Toquest, I have perused
the opinion of Mr. Geolge icknor Cortis, published this
morning, and proceed to give you my views apn it.
The men who are engaged in an nuloly effort to flll our
next Legislature with rogues, must of course
find it their interest at this time to pernlex the
public mind with frrelevant topics. IHow far
any Jogi Jrocengiug which may be resorted to by any
ono is likely to be an efficient instrument of justice, is
not new a material inquiry. The conflicting notions of
lawyers on any branch of such a subject are not suseop
tiblo of a eatisfactory solution except in the Conrts; and
their views cannot soon be cffoctually expressed, So it
would certaluly seem the course of wisdom on the part
of our fellow-citizens to leave for future invegtizution
all issues on mere poinis of practice, euch as ny honored
friond Mr. Curtis has raised. Neither he himself nor the
gentleman who has retained him and sought his advico
seems to entertain any doubt that officiai malversation
and fraud npon the public have ocenrred, 5
They both profess to belicve that actual and cflicient
prozecutions should be pursued vigorously and ef
feetually, and they are apparently acting on that belief.
If they really intend to prosecute their liwaults, and ean
succeed in recovering the moneys abstracted, I shall be
greatly rejoiced, That the proceedings which 1 have ad
vised should be found unnecessary would be a result most
grateful to me. Any mere technical peint is not a
proper subject of inquiry among our honest eit
zens at this time; neither is the issue of fact sought to
be raised by the Corporation Counsel. No chargs los
been made against him, It fe the conrse of a deoperate
legal gamster to “abuse the plaintiffs attorner.'” ‘the
counsel for the people have not resorted to it. ‘The
charge of collusion ia made against the excocntive officer
who directed these city and county suits to be brought,
not against the attorney, who was obliged tobrisg then
when so ordered.
TWEED'S GUILT THE ONLY QUESTION.
The only question now properly before the nublic is
this: Are the accused individuals guiltv 1 That is a
mere question of fact, No small legal quilitles aft ct the
inquiry. If these quibbles ean furnish the offenders a
loop-hole through which to escape justice, and by which
they may run off and in some foreign clime enjoy their
plunder, s0 much the more Jacasgnt for themselves and
perhaps profitable for thefr helpers. But the question
now before the Pune is whether tlieae men are guilty,
and, if so, whether they shall be permitted to go into the
Legislature and continue their carcer of fruad and
plunder,
Ina word, then, the gentlemen who are engaged in
proscenting these Cliy and County suits have but one
thing to do. No one nuopeaches their persoaal acts, or
condemns their personal or oflicial action, If they believe
the accused gullty, let them go on with their suits and
make the best of thew. If they bave no ade
quate proofs of that guilt, surely they oust
to ennounce that facet, and as far as in their power
disabn=e the public mind from existing inculpatory im
pressions. Tuey would thereby relieve these viriious
prosecuted and persecuted officials from at least some
part of the namerited odium with which they are now
alinogt universally reearvded. If this recponse to the
statement of the Corporailoa Counsel and his adviser
should cud here, it might be thought that 1 had found
something novel, staridieg, and ot easy {o ano wer ia
My, Curds's published views, Buch is not the tact,
THE CAVILS GF A MALFFACTOR.
The difficulties suggested by him as standing in the
way of justice belong to the mazizine of merely teehni
cal “objections to method or procedure. They relate
merely to matters of form. Though he does not use them
for that purpose, every lawrer knows that they belong
to thie class of ohjeotions which are the invavialle resord
of swindlers who cannot defend on the wets, To
wieng plaintiff is named the wrong officer cou ets the
prosccution it is brought in the wrong place; there
ie this, that, or fhe oiler flaw or delet ia
(he iudicament or the complaint, Thess dee
fonses are as well known and hackneyed 28 the month of
tre enc) employed by the alibi, Gener liv these cavils
weer a from ihe mudctactor, ft is not often that some other
public cfdeer rushes into the méiée, and thruste then into
the face of the peoplc’s prosecuting agent; but in such
times as the prescut such an occurrence should nol ex
cite surprise.
The ue tions propounded to i associate by the Caor
poration Counsel realiy have not mi h relevancy to tho
action commenced hy the Attoincy-Geneaal against
inveed and Lis coafederaien. Of course tho #s3ociate
counsel's unswer is, in a considerable degree, agide (ron
the punt.
TIIE RIGHT OF THE STATE TO CORRECT ABUSIS,
Though Le Las not given us any evidence of his knowl
edge on the subjecty the associate is not unaware that
the State, as purene patria, has the right and the power
to correct by action at law or in equity anvusos of cor
porate and cil ial authority, and muy excercise that
rigut in peenmiary matters, though the money ab
stracted or mic anpled should belong to a mnuicipal cor
poration. Surely the Jearned  ascocinte knows
that every county, city, town, and village
corporate or unincorporated, is but a civil divikion of
the State, and is merely a part of one whole, Surely he
knows that, aside from mere forms of administration
and procedur?, all the money of every enc ¢ivil divis
jon is but a part of tho common treasure of the State,
Though raised by local contribution or taxation, and
intended for some local uae, it is always raised by au
thority of the supreme power; it actually belongs to the
gupreme power, and it is applicable as the supreme
power may direct.
All these things, I admit, do not prove that the par
ticular kind of remedy adopted for the rec ovory ot tho
$6,300,000 raised on bonds to supply the Ingersoll, Garvey,
Woodward, and Tweed swindle, onght, as n mere matter
of practice, to be sued for by the 8tate, or that, in point
of sirici regul.rity, it can be recovered in the nate of
the “tae. Whether it can be 80 recovered, or muat he
sued for in the name of the County of New
York or ita Bupervisors, 18 just ome of these petty
little practical points that belong much more to the
attorney’s school of manipulation than to the great
fleld of legal science. Yet tho point did, of ¢ourse, re
guire the attention of the Attormey-General’s assistants,
t was, of course, foreseen by thew; for they knew that
the rogue is ever ready to employ some exception drawn
from such technicalities “to entangle justice In the net
of form.” Perhaps all of us huve united in an error on
this little technical poiut. But I take occarion to say
that wo have had adequate meuns and opporiinitics of
understanding it; wo are all firmly convinced that it
will present no obstacle to success in the peopie’s action.
I am, Dear Sir. with great respect, yours truly,
CH. O'CONOR.
ee
PTET YY APART TAIIZINTY AAAI VY
INDICTMENTS FOUND AGAINST HAGGERTY AND
BAULCH FOR BURGLARY AND LARCENY.
The Grand Jury presented indictments yes
terday againet Edwin M. Haggerty and Charles Baulely
the alleged voucher thieves, charging them with larceny
and with burglary in the third degree. Tbe flrst count
in the indictment for larceny is as follows:
outy and County of New-York, ss.: The jurors of the
Jeopie of the Btate of New-York, in and for tho body of
he iy and Gouwty of New-York, upon their oath ore
sent That Edwin Haggerty, late of the Sixth Ward
of the City of New-York, iu the County of New-York
aforesaid, laborer, and Charles Baulch, late of the same
Foe, on the 10th day of September, in the ycur of our
rd 1871, at the ward, city and county aforesald, with
force and arms, ono paper, bill, voucker, document and
record, dated the 12t of August, 1870, of one Goorge 8,
Miller, for carpenters’ work im the new Court-louse for
the Liyment of $46,343 46; ove other paper, hill,
voucher, document, and record dated the 13th or A
of August in the year last aforesaid, of ouo A. J.
Garvey, for repairs to county buildings and ofiices
for the off $67,068 89; one other paper, bill,
voucher, docmment and record dated the 15th day
of June in the year aforesaid of one C. D. Boilur Co.,
for fitting vf various armories end drill-roows for the
paysgent of $37,002 17: one other paper, bil, voucher,
ocument, and record, dated the 24th day of Juns in the
year aforesaid, of one J. A. Bmith, for carpets, shades,
&c., for various armories and drill-rooms for tie pay
ment of 86,441 42; more purticuiar degeriplion of #nid
Joan, bills, vonchers, documents, and records are to the
rors aforesaid unknown, and the same then and there
being of great value, to wit, of the value inthe aggrogule
of $116,925 92, which suid papers, billa, vonchers, docu
ments. aud records were then and there fled and do
posited in a certain Phbiis office, to wit, lu the Controller's
office of tue City of New-York, of the Soda, chattels, and
Dersulal jofieity of the Javor, Aldermen, and Ceim
monalty ef tho City of New-York, then ays thero beiwg
found feleniourly, did stenl, take, and carry away
aguinet tlw form of the statute in wach ease wade wud
Provided, aiid against the peace of the people of the
Btute cf New-York and thélr digmty.
There are two additional counts chorging the same
ofionse, the only difference being that the vouchers are
chased in the first as the property of tho ety, fn tho
second 98 tho preperty of the county, aud in the thivd a4
the personal property of Controller Counolly, Ths other
indictment, aso, has threo counts each, chai lng Hur
glary in the third degree, ond walking 1:0 sawe diatjue
tious as to the ownership of tho vouckors,

A SUIT AGAINST nM ror $3,450—=10W IT 18°
KEGARDED.
Another suit has been bern in the Hupieiao
Court to recover plleged lawl ues ire Wo piauderers
A THIIFF'B NAME.
A WORD IN RFASON.
THE VOUCHER ROBBERY.
oAnveryd DYN
of the city treasury—this timo against Garvey, the
wealthy plasterer. Bingalarly enough, Garvey in velvet
was never troukled by importunate creditors for tie
paltry theusands which he owed them, and could aili:d
to throw away; but Garvey, seen afar off in a pros
pootive suit of striped stufl, is harassed by lawsuits and
condemnations. The present suit by Frederick J. Shaw
and Henry B. Venn 18 brought to recover over $3,000 fer
painiing done fo the Tax Commissioners’ office, There
are not wanting those who see in the present action a
“blind” to shield Garvey froin disgrace, and who Lint in
pretty plain terms that the suit is improvised to prove
that there was some basis for Garvey's monstrous bills
against tho county. Appended is the aMdavit of Henry
B. Veun, one of the plaintiffs:
(ity and County of New-Vork, es. Henry B, Venn, being dnly
sworn, says be is one of the plaintiffs above named, who at the times
hereinafier mentioned were and now are partiers, doing business in the
City of New-York under the firm-name of Shaw Venn; that at various
times between Jan. 12, 1070, and March 24, 1071, at the special instance
and request of the defendant, they perforaed certain work and for
pidied ocrtzin materlals at said cy jp painting the
oligos, of the Tax Commissioners and Regier] for which
endaiit pps] to pay what the seme should he reason.
ot worth, That the same were reasonably worth the sam of $3.46) 30,
and said defendant pro: tied to pay the saine therefor, but had wk oll fal)d
80 to do, and is now judebted to these plaintids therefor, in said saw,
from March 28, 1870.
Deponent further saith that during the last menth he has made diligent
e"orts to ascertain the whereabou's of the defendant i] inquiricg at hia
residence, place of busiuees, and also of his brother and friends. and that
be has been noable to find out anything in relation to dda whereabouts or
address, any more than that esid defendant had gone away to somo un
known localite, his relatives and fricods professing to be Ignorant of all
knowledge of the matter. Defendant fuit'ier saith that it has reeently
bean stown by the officiel records of the City and County of New-York
that ssid defendant has for several years past been engaged in a fraola
lert conspiracy with certain public officials of said Citr and County, and
that in pursusnos thereof he hus received from the Treasary of the
Coiuty of New-York, with the connivance and consent of xaid officials,
Uetween May 5, 1870, and June 3, 1670, tie sum of %471,806 07, un ler ths
false apd frandolent pretense that that amount was doe to
him for J Seterien jertoraed upon the new Coart-1louse, al bourh in fact
the total value of all euch plastering 1id vot exceed a tenth part of said sum.
That it also Shpears {rom said reconls that this is but one of a nrmher of
similar frandulent transactions to which said Gurve; has been tugged,
and through which he bas fraudalently received immense amounts of pub
lic money; that the facts in regard to said fraululeat traveactions have
only recently heen made public, and thet shortly after their Being so
mae public stops were taken towar| aries the defendant and other
gly parties, aud toward recovering the public fands they bad improp
eily obtained, and that seve.sl actions for that Foe are now impen
ing. That immediately a‘t<r the pablication of such facts, said defend
ant peerelly abeconded, aud Lai since kept himself oouccaled with the
view, as this deponent verily believes, of presentiug the wivid of legal
process npon him, or his arrest for his participation In such fraudalent
transactiona, That be has aio trancferred Lis stoge and business and a
great deal of other propecty to third parties, upon nominal or pretended
conviderations, for the purpese of preventing Jhe sroe being taken by
bis creditors or did Lp legs) process, aud with the intent to difrand
the e plaintiffs and hia other creditors Hexny B, Vexn,
Sworn to before me this Oct. 28, 1871,
Wirrian J. Beri, Notsry Publie, New-York County.

TWEED DEGRETS NOT HAVING PAID MR. KEYSER'S
LUMBING DILLS,
In tlie suit of Jackson 8. Schultz, assignee
of Jolin IT. Keyser, against Tweed and Woodward to re
cover payment for pluinbing work done for the city, it
appears mow that had Mr. Twead pot ¢ommitted a
blunder he would have prevented tie bringing of the
suit. Defore Gen. Barlow, counsel for Mr. Schultz,
served the papers, Le sent a note to Mr.
Twoed informing him of tho intended course,
and, this letter not being answered in due time,
Gen, Barlow sent a person with the papers to be served
at Mr. Tweed's office, A few moments after the messen
ger left, a note came from Mr. Tweed requesting Gen.
Barlow to send in a bill of Mr. Keyser’s claim, Before a
Yeply could be gent, the papers were served and the suit
thereby begun, Mr, Tweed afterward said that he had
mislaid Gen. Barlow's first letter, and thus the delay in
answering it was oecasioncd, bat that he would sooner
have paid the bill than added another suit to Lis list of
litieratiainsg
MR BRENNAN AND TAMMANY.
All Demociats unite in according to Mr.
Brennan large influence among the Democrats of this
city, and some anxiety is manifested as to his intended
course. This anxiety Mr. Beennan will not dispel. He
gays that now he 1s “Sheriff of New-York, and that is
all,” and declines to say whether ho is for’ or against
Tammany. He farther says that the statements that ho
had deserted Tarrany are iucoriect, but that the con
trary is tho case, since Tammany deserted him, He de
nies tho authentic ty of assertions that he had given in
his adherence to the Reform party, and says that he
wishes at present to be known only as a pablic oflicer,
a
MORE SINECURISTS DISMISSED.
Deputy Controilce Green dismissed, yesterday,
goeven usclegs attueliés of the Supreme Court and the
Court of Commoa leas. Bince he camo inlo oilice Mr.
Green Las dismissed from tho varicus departments 72
useless attachiés, whose salaried amounted, In the aggre
gate, to $32,000 a year, i
SETTLING THD MANDAMUS ORDLES AGAINST
CONNOLLY.
Jude Ingralinm seitiud, yesterday, the or
ders of mandamus in the proceedings of tae Department
of Public Woiks, and of John 1. Aur a arainst Con
troller Connolly, in accordance with tae uprnion pub
lished last Wednesday.

FUNDS FOR Till POLICE AND FIRE DEPART
MINTS,
Deputy-Controller Green sent, yesterday, the
following letters to the President of the Board of Police,
and to tho President of the Fire Department:
CoxtroLLER'S Orrick, Cet, 20, 1971,
fir: Ihavedoposited this day. in tie Tenth Naiional Beuk, to the
ered t of the Police Departn.est. the um of $273.00, the amount of the
requisition of said Department for the pay of the Pulice for the wonth of
Oc'oher, 1011. Very respectinily. A. IL Gixes, Deputy Coutroller,
Henry Swith, esq, President Police Department.
CovtroLer's Oerice, Oct. 20, 1871,
Bin: Ihave deposited this day in the renth National Kamk to the
ercdit cf the Fire Department the som of $27,083 34, tic amount of the
veqnisit on for the balance of appropr.aticn to said Department for tLe
yeor 18:1. Respeelfully yours,
A. H. Grerx, Deputy Controller,
The Hon. Willian Hitchman, Presulent Fire Department.

THI QINKING FUND COMMISSFONERS.
AN UNPUBLISHED MUNICIPAL VOLUM E—WHAT
PHE NEW=YORK PRINTING COMPANY WANTS
—CONCERNING THAT “BILL” OF $152,000
FOR VALUING CITY PROPERIZ—THREL vVig
OROUS PROTESTS.
‘3 i. ys
The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund met
at 2 p. m., yesterday, in the Mayor's rooms, Mayor Hall
in the chair. Deputy-Controlier Green, Reeorder
Jackett, Chawberlain Bradley, and Alderman Lyseght
ween present. Deputy-Controller Groen submitted tle
followlng setter and resolution:
OFFICE: 0 PRATT. GERALD BUCKLEY, ATTORNEYEAT Lew,
NEv-10kK, Oct. 23, 1871.
Hon. Axvrew H. GReBN, and Members of the Sinking Fund Hoard.
Ste: Pursuant to a resolution of tne Board of Docks, and under the di
rection of the Sinking Fund Commissioners, or some of them (although 1
believe not by formal voie), sho book, of wiuch the accompanying is a
proof impression, was prepared, last Suirer, and now lies iu stereotype
plates in the vaults of the New-York Priuting Company. Various city
officials and heuds of departments bave asked me wh it is not out aud
distributed. ‘The Printing Company, mder the Jans state of Lhings,
will not now issue for the Geya-tments nuless formally direc ted. They
are wilting to issue and bind. say 200 eopies, for $1,600; tuis will just
pay them for outlay, aud no more, as (wo valusble maps bave been pre
pared and will be hound up with the work,
1 have received no compeusasivn foc the labor bestowed, which was
very great, and 1 do nol ass any under present circamsfancos, auliss
the Department muy volantarily, at any fatare time, choose to make au
appropsiation, 1 therefore respec fally ask that fhe iuclosed resolution
be passed vy your Board Cnlers tuis be doue, all the labor, wouble,
wal expeare lutlerio bestowed will be lost. 1 am, respectfully, youn,
J. W. GerARD, jr., No. 45 Wiilixao-st., New-York.
Resolved, That the New-York Vrint i Company be authorized a
prin from the plates in their pose siou 2.0 impressions of the work on
he Corporation's title to real estate, Le, pepared by Mr. Gerard, at
an expense 10 the city of not more than 1,600 in lull of the compen
sation and outiay of s2id conpary for tc same nd ag unet the city, and
that said company he aathonzed to print such further copics of the work
“us blioy choose Tor sal: ou Liclr oWD AC count.
In presenting this letter and resolution, Mr. Green said
that he knew nothing about the work wentioned in them,
and that Lo did not seo where tho Board had the power
to order it printed. The resolution was referred to the
Controller to report upon at (ue next meeting.
14r. Green then salt that ho had Lot had time to re
port upon the billy presented for Bet vICeS in valafug the
City property, and submitted the iollowing letters trom
thie persons who mado the valuation
New-York, Oct. 20, 1071,
To the Cotamissioners of (be Bink ag Pune—GENTLEMK: As
thers hu been much cowment lo your Sarl snd in the public pross in
relution to the compen ation to be paid for the voluation of the eity
property mile by de Commitee appeiuied by your Loand on the lst day
ul lay lest, Iced it cue to us sell to make the folowing statement: I
was appointed without solicitation ou wy part, ad feit complinente
thereoy, regard ng the selection as testimontal to the vulie of my
rervices, ut by an experince in councetivg with real eatute in this
eity of over 40 years, awd which alone enalided me to fix what 1 considered
a reliable valae on the property, No spceike arr gomout was made for
compensation for tie services “to be rendered that was leit cutirely te
the discreiion of tie Comroller, ‘Iie Conmitee were employed large
part of tie Bummer 12 personally caua.ng cach auld every parcer of
the property; and, in thir anxiety to wake a trusiwor by estiniate em
plo ed experls dr dnstnces whee there were doubis] as, lor io
stance, Ju vuluig builiugs, docks, wi As sou. us the
Com ltten liad owiplet 4 Wer fatiors, a full spot. corsirting of
alutt 12¢ folas was sent to your Board, aud tiece (he id ter ie 4 lor
soins thine, blranwiile sous of tie partics who your Committee had
fod. d necessary to emp doy were urgent for their pay, end it becone
pews ary to hring the water to {he attention of the Cor roller; an be,
bow. ver, secinesd unable (0 arrive st uy conclusion, two of the Cowmit
tee, v2, Mr. Bleecker avd well, ssot him werely as a guide A neue
ravdum of the enrre t elowges for the performing of like services fur the
voluing other properties, nt which wes not inte ded by me to be cou
widered jo ane sense in the Bgl of a lull of demand, This act wil fully
arpear if your doand will rely to my cowmunications of the wih of
Aut ast on that sobject, nud pddressed to the Controller, By that
conn u boat on, usted iv o wecks fiser thaw the memorandum referred to,
you w 1 End at comddered the emount pf compersaiion cutlrely an
apn (gu shou, and wged the Controller Wir it. By rliene tothe
woes din you will Gad that jt has the piguatarcs of but two of
the  Conmitter, Haul it heen intended ws a Mill ft woud hive
peeebvid Le mcontaed of wil thiee, As the memopendom above referred
to LA €a'led fur:h the severe coments, uot only of yp Pound, bat of
the Drees, bon ib bab Juche tw Abr, Mulicr, Sho bw oeialer of the
i

TE. KEYSER CLAIMS.
CRY (NH) SAVED.
Commutics, to state that It was made during My absence from the oy,
without sonsultation with him, and was sent withont bis rewire. 0
order to relieve you and the Controller from An} fuvibre tronble in the
matter, so far as I am ludividaally concerned, y withdraw ofl claim
to compensation for the serviees I bave rendered, only stipulating that
Juut Board 8ske provision for he PNR of soch pirties as it was
ound necessary to employ, Their will not exceed $0,000, A
statement of those em )loyed, together with the amounts dee, has been
placed in the hands of the Hon. A. H, Green, Poputy Controller.
Very respectfully yours, Counrraxor Parusn
New-York, Oct. 28, 1671,
To the Honorable the Commissioners of the jt RY
Mux: In the published edines of the last meeting of your Beard 1
is stated that the ap) ravers appomted by you in May last to value the
re Ah city Pave presented a bill for services amoncting to seme
152,000. As one of the appraisers referred to, 1 beg leave to state that
I liave uot at any time seat any bill or made any demand of any kind for
payment of services as such appraiser. The document styled in the pro
cecdings before your Board as bill of the appraisers for valuing the
city property’ was scat {daring my absence from the city) withous ant
consultation with me, and without my kuowleige, The frst Intimation
had of its existence was from the priated prossedings of he meeting as
published in the Laine of the following moralog, 1 am satisted from
conference sinos had with my associate appraisers that it was not intended
by hem as a bli) or cliim for their services. By the terms 91 my appoint.
ment 1 agreed to leave the question of compensation entirely with the
Controllor; there I have left it, and am willing to leave it now lo the
Lands of the Deputy Controller, Respectfully yours,
Apriax 11. MuLLBR.
On motion of Recorder Hackett, theso letters wero
placed on file, Mayor Hall said: “I am acquainted with
Mr, Muller's handwriting, and I have seen a bill or mem
orandum in his writing for $152,000 at Mr. Bloecker’s
office. This jecms to pe to be what I call a howl, and I
think all of thse gentiemeén would be glad of the money
if thoy can got it. Ihave here a manly letter from Mr.
Bleecker, which I will read
To the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund—GexTLexrn: Learning
from the newspapers that at a meeting of your Board on Monday last
bil was presented by myself and others for services reniered in esti
mating tie value of the real estate belonging to the city and county, I
take icave to state that no bill whatever has been presental. ‘I'he paper
referred to is a memoranlom forpished by twe of the three mem
bers of the Comittee om Valuation j and, though adiressed
to the Commissioners as anthority for the Controller to
express the hy wi of the Committee, was in no form or sense intended as
a Lill for presoutation, as its vagueness aud failure to name a detimite sum
(to say nothing of its cireless structure and informal appearance)
sbandantly evinee, It was intended to furnish the Controller an oppor
tunity, as we hoped, to adjast our pay without recourse to a bill at all
With this explanation, as far as I am concerned, I wish to have that paper
considered a nullity, Not to be mizanderstood, however, I shall have the
hoor soon te present my bill irrespective of the viexs of my associates
With great respect, ANTHONY J. BLEKOKKR.
This letter was also placed on fille, and Mr, Bradley
moved to pay the valuers of tho city and county prop
erty $16,000 each, as, in bis opinion, in the absence of any
agreement with them as to the price to be paid for their
services, they can collect it in a suit at law.
Recorder Hackeott—I should like to defend In snch a
suit. I think, however, that no action in the matter had
better be taken till Mr. Bleecker sends in his bill,
The question was referred to the Coutroller, with
power, and the Board adjourned.

ANOTHER DISREPUTABLE SUBTERFVGE.
The Times continues to delight in misrepre
The Times continues to delight in misrepre
sontations of facts, and in misleading ita readers. On
Saturday last it published this false story
Nearly two weeks ago The Times gavo the publie the
first intimacon that the books of tho Broadway Bank
wore being examined for the purpose of convicting Win,
M. Tweed. On the following day THE TRIBUNE, under
the caption of Another 1%mes Btory Discrediied,” de
nied the tact, Yesterday Tue TRIBUNE published the
results of the Investigation. Comment is unneccssary,
except to say that this is a falr specimen of tho abuse’
to wulch Tie TRIBUNE has been subjected by The siines
fu all late matters of intercat and news.
Iu order to fasten falsehood on THE TRIR“NE, The Times
misquotes itself. What it originally stated was that
The Broadway Bank has thrown open ita aeconnt
wiih the city to tho inspection of the Committee of Bov
euty, unl tio accountants of tho Comuiiltee are now at
work upon the books of the bank,
Now Mr. Charles O’Conor and Mr. Samuel J. Tilden,
whose report on Tweed's frauds, as shown by the Broad
way Bank investigation, we contess to having published
with much pleasure, never were either accountants or
membera of the Committee of Baventy, and did not push
the examination in its interest or at its snzgestion, Mis
led by The Times's erroneous statcmont at the timo of its
publication, we inquired at the bank and of the Commit
tec of Seventy, and learned that no such investigation
vas making as The Times stated,
ee cr
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sin: Your Washington correspondent sends
a rumor that Mr. Thomas Murphy will “resign after the
clectign, May ngs this sepord have bean promuigated.
“as a good enough Morgan until after election,” to
pacify the Republican party, which fecls itself outraged
Ly tho continued toleration of this man in the high po
sition which he is attempting to ili Tne great body of
honest Republicans, not only of this olty and Btate, but
of the country at large have deinanded not his reslgna
tion, but his removal. The whole logic of tho case is
gummed up in the word removal. Ho should be rele
gated to the conzenial fellowship of grofshop loungers
and his aflinities of the Tammany Ring. Not rosination
aiter, but removal before the election 18 whut the case
demands, Charles O’Conor and Samuel J. Tilden, hon
est Democrats, are not to-day suggesting to Tweed to
resign after tho election, but are proceeding against him
on criminal ebarges, We have boasted too much, I fear,
in the light of this exawple, if we leave the door of res
jcnation open to corruptionists of our own PALS, As
have said before, romoval is the ouly consistent conrse
of action in this cage, and if It were done, ’twerc well it
were done quekly.”
New-Yorl., Oct. 26, 1871.
PENNSYL vA Nid WAR CLAIMS.
re ep —ree
DECISION OF JUDGE PEARSON IN THE EVANS
CASE.
Harrisnvra, Oct. 30.—Judge Pearson dis
missed Mr. vans to-day from the criminal commitment
abzolut:ly, ant so amended the caplas as to reduce tho
amount of security from £100,000 to common bail for ap
pearance cnly in the sum of $100,600. In his deetsion
Judge Pearson, after stating the facts of Mr. Evans's
operations in collecting for the Stato about $3,000,000,
gays:
Tu Augvist inal, 1) an interview with {he Btats Treas
ures; and Audiior-General, Mr, Evans desired to have a
sottiement, but, fustcad of giving him 10 per cent, they
contended fey had a right to give him such compensa
tion as they thought Jiorer. Mr. Evans Bn 10
per cent they refused, and, without allowing him any
compensution, demanded his payment to them of
$291,000, with futercat, Mr. Evans refused, re
plylug that he had paid them every cont he
had collested from the General Government, less
his commission at 10 fe cent, sealing a ps of the act
of Assembly under which he was acting. Ou the 23d of
August they setiled an account against Mr, Evans, §iring
nim credit fer all sims Ep into the Treasury, and leav
ing a balance against Lim of $321,000, giviod him nothing
at oll for his services. They testify that they did not
allow him any compensation because he had neglected to
yy over the $201,000 on demand. This evidenee, it must
be boro in mind, i8 on the part of the Common
wealtis, because the defeudan' had no right to call wit
nesses or wdduce ovidence. The Commonwealth com
mitted grave aud stipable mistake in not paying over
what they considered he had a right to io the way of
compensation before making a sett cement against him,
He Lad of course a lien upon the money in consideration
of Lis claim. The officers would not have tue right to pay
ls compensation out of the general treasury fund without
a specitic appropriation, and in thatease it would not come
of tho mouey collected us provided in tho act of 1367. It
has been well settled In this State, and in nearly all other
Biases of tlhe Union, und in Great Britain, that an attor
ney ut law, or an attorney in fact, which the defendant
is lo every sense of the term, Las tho right to retain his
compensation out of the funds in his hands, and that he
even bus a lien upon the papers in Lis bands until he gets
Lis compensation,
11 tuo present case, the defendant may doubtless have
clidaned too much, nnd he wus doubtless not entitled to
ten per cent on his colicctions under the Governor's
power of attorney, We are disposed to think tbat the
of dm wus high, but that is not iow a mutter beforo this
court.
They should have settled against him, allowing him
such a cowpensationas they decmed Just, when be could
buve apposicd, and tho court would have decided to
what Le was entitled. Where an officer in goat filth
roiaas whit he cisims to bo his due, It is uot au offense,
even if it should turn out that he was not en
titled to that awount. On tho whole, I would
hold Ar, Iivaus to answer before a i'd If he had been
a Ente officer, but he is not, an have examined
whether che offense charged coukl come uixler any other
statule bit fo vain, 1 am, therefore, cloatly of opiulon
that the defendant has not committed any eriminal of
fouse, and he is toeretore discuarged absolutely from the
waitanl of arrest for emb zzlewront,
CHIEF JUSTICE CHASE ON THE LATE THOMAS
FWING.
W aenixaroy, Oct, 80.—In the U. 8. Supreme
Conrl, to-tay, iter the decisions had been rendered, As
farney-Geucral Akerman formally ansouunced the death
of tle Ion, Thomas Ewing, and presented to tho Clief
Justice the scrics of reslutions recently passed by the
wewbers of the bar in Wasliogton. The Chief-Justico
replied as follows:
The Court shares with the bar the scntiments ex
pressed by thelr 1e-0lutions, which will be entered ppon
the ree rds ia aweondance with thelr Feyticet, We all
for (hit whatever Lonors can be paid to the memory of
Mr, Ewing are properly pad, His is the record of a
youth patient In toil and full of aspiration; of un muu
Lood worthily euployed in various and honorable punile
prusts, und ju forensic labora which gave as irequent oc.
caston to note the remarkable grasp snd Mgr of his fn
tellect, and the great yarichy aud extent of his artoin
yenta: of u protracted aud serene old age, and of a cal
and peaceful death, surronnded 4 chmdren worthy of
their father, To tho fmnlly and friends the death of a
relative nnd friend #0 honored aud beloved, however
long deferred, coiues always too soon, Counting our
selves ns wot the least nffectionate muoong the friends of
Mr. Ewing, we yet find, and doubt not that ull noar to
him in friendship or relationship will ever find, ecnsola
tion in reflecting upon tho greatness of the oxnmple he
Lian leit for the dusdlaticn of his country me
MITRPHY.
FOREIGN NEWS.
PROPOSED RETURN OF THE ASSEMBLY TO PARIS—
A QUICK PASSAGE ACROSS THE ATLANTIC.
Pars, Monday, Oct. 30, 1871.
It is thought that the Assembly will remove
its sessions from Versailles to this city during the Winter,
on account ef the cold weather, the means of protection
against which, in the rooms at Versailles, are not deemed
adequate.
It is probable that Befior Buoncampngni will be ap
pointed Italian Minister to Franee. Prince Napoleon has
arrived at Genoa, whence he will proceed at once to
Florence.
The General Transatlantic Company’s steamship
Pereire, Capt. Daure, from New-York, Oct. 21, for Havre,
arrived at Brest this morring at 9 o'clock, Apparent
Sos il passage, 8 days 22 hours; real time, 8 days 17
A ——,,o
Ours,
TRIAL OF THE MURDERER KELLY AT DUBLIN,
DusriN, Monday, Oct. 80, 1571.
The trial of Kelley for the murder of Head
Constable Talbot commenced to-day. The prisoner was
escorted to the court-room by a body of soldiers.
—p——.
TIE CASE OF THE HORNET.
A SPANISH WAR VESSEL SENT TO PORTAU
PRINCE WITII INSTRUCTIONS CONCERNING
THE HORNET.
HAVANA, Oct. 80.—The Spanish man-of-war
Zaragoza sailed from this port to-lay fos Port-au-Prince,
Haytl. It 18s believed that scaled instructions were given
the Spanish commander concerning the steawer Horaet,
but thelr purport has not been disclosed.
VIEWS OF A CONSPICUOUS FRIEND OF TIE
CUBANS.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: In your issue of Saturday you say:
“The proposition to rcfer tho case of the steamship Hor
net, accused of ianding arms on the Island of Cuba, ton
Court of Admiralty, seems reasonable,” If such a prop
osition be reasonable,” then it must be practicable, an
aspect of the matter worthy of consideration.
In tho firat placo, where would the Admiralty Court”
sit, and what would be its nationality? Would you have
a Spanish court decide the questions involved? A Span
ish marine court, sitting at Havana, without having cus
tody of the vessel, has already decided her to be a pi
rate” and tho resalt of that decision was the attempt,
the other day, at Port-au-Prince, to dragoon Hayti into
acquiescence in the decrce, Would Spain, think you,
agree to have the question raised by her, decided by an
American Court of Admiralty 1 Assume that she would,
how then can the matter be legally or practically brought
into such o court Is the Hornet to bo seized, taken out
of the custody and kept from the servica and use of her
owners—be they who they may—and brought here by
the United States to indulge Spain in hor endless de
mands upon our national patience and forbearance? It
may be competent for a Spanish marine tribunal, like
that at Havana, to take up aud decide the questions
raised with regard to tho Hornet, but no English or
American Admiralty Court could do 8o; for in these tri
bunals, in such a oase, some party would be required to
appear as a claimant, and tho vessel meanwhile would
have to be in the custody of an officer of the court.
Now, if this vessel is to be brought here, who is to in
gewnliy, her owners for all the losses and heavy ex
penses In which sucly a course would necessarily involve
thew 1 Have they no rights worthy of consideration 1
But what are the Cuaskes made against this redoubta
ble vessel You atate them to be, Landing arms on
the Island of Cuba.” Very well. Assumo, moreover,
that she not only landed arms, but passengers; and, re
collecting the current history of the affair, it will be re
called that tho arms and the Puactgele, some forty or
fifty in number, according to Bpanis stutoments, were
transported, aot from any port in the United States, but
from Aspinwall, which world constitute no offense over
which an Ame n Admiralty Court could take jurizdic
tion. This fact riscs up in the face of the Spanish de
mand in ths outset.
However, even had the Hornet carried Ler cargo from
this very harbor, and bad every article of it been con
traband of war,” in landing the same upon the Island of
Cuba, her owners would have been engaged In a lawful
comnucree, or at least not in a piratical enterprise, accord
ing to the uniform and emphatic declarations of this
Government ever since the Cuban revolution began,
These doclarations happen to have special bearing upon
the case of the Hornet, for they were made their most
owphatic form to the Spanish Minister at Washington,
on the 16th of July, 1809, in the course of a protest Dguina
the inadmissable terms of a decree or proclamation ued
by tke Captain-General of Cuba, on the 7th of the same
month, Ly virtue of which manifestly the marine conrt at
Havana Las assumed to adjudge the Hoimet to be a
“pirate.” But for a clear understanding of the position
of our Government on this occasion we must turn back
to another dispatch of the Btate Department to tho
Spanish Minister at Washington, dated April 3, 1899, in
wich it is asserted that under the law of nailons and
tho Treaty of 1796 with Spain, citizens and vessels of the
Unitod States have
“the Drive of carrying to the enemies of Spain, wheiher those ene
be claimed as Spanish su’jecia or cidzens of other co.untries, sabject
only to the requirements of a legal blockade, all merchandise not contia
bard of war, Articles contraband of war cre liable to seirnie on
the high seas, but the right of seizure is liwited to such articles only,
and ro claim for its cxteusion to other merclLandise, or to persons not ha
the eivil, military, or naval service, of the enciaies of Spain, will be aec
quiesced in by the United btates,”
In the communicadon of the 16th of July, however,
Spain is further fufermed that even the restriction im
posed upon the carrying of contraband of war, and tue
right of Spain to iuterfere with such a commerce in
Aweriean vassels, can only be tolerated by the United
states
Wen Spain arows herself to be in a gtalz of wor, or shall be mani.
Jeatly excreising the righis conceded only to belligerents in the tine of
war,”
And the Secretary continued
The transportation on the Sigs sess, in time of peace, of articles
commonly known 2s contraband of war, is a legitimate tralic end com
merce which cannot Le luterfered with or denounced. unless by a power
at waz with 8 third party iu the adm: ited exercise of tho recognized rights
ofa belligerent, If Bpain‘be et war with Cuba, the United
States will submit to those wr which pablic law coucedes to belliger
eats. But while Spain disclaims a state of belligerence, or until the
Ucitel States may find it necessary to Tecofulas her us a Leilig: reus, the
Government of the United States caanot fail to lovk with solizitude upon
a decree which, if enforced against any veesel of the United States” on the
high teas, cannot but be regarded as a violation of their rights that may
fed to serious complications.”

These positions of the executive brageh of the Govern
Jue effect, subaoquently confirmed by Judge Llatoh
ford in the case of the Florida.
Under every aspect, this claim of Spain 1s 80 propos
terous thas, initiated, as it was, by a batiled effort to men
ace Haytl into delivering up the Xiofner, 36 really is unde
serving of patient treatment at our hands, At the worst,
the Hornet has suaply broken an ineficient blockade
which Spain has established around the Island of Cuba,
and she has doue so under circumstances far less ils
chievous to Spain than attendod the voyage of the Eprit
in 1869 and of the Upton in 1870. Under what precedent
therefore, can Spain claim her surreuder eltucr by Hay]
or the United States’ As well might our Government
have demanded of Dugiand the surrender of all English
vessels which, having broken the blockade, subsequently
eluded all pursuic by American cruisers. If Spain can
rightfully demand the surrender of the Hornet for hay
ing landed arms or even an expedition upon Cuban soil,
A Rot with equal right dewand the Perit and the
pton
I obsarve, however, from a Slchaten in another
Jourgnd that the demand or proposition of yr may
ve been based upon the Miggation that the Hornet 13
not really an American-owned vessel, and tlercfore is
not entitled 0 Awmerican colors, The answer to such a
pretension is conclusive and ready When the Horuet
was in the bands of the United States Siazelalf at Wil
mington, and her character legally before the U. B, Dis
trict Court there for decision, the proper department at
Washington futerposed and gave her back lato the uands
of those who claimed to own her, upon theirgiviug
heavy bonds that she would not be employed as al
armed vossol against Spain. This was the deliberate
aot of the Executive Department under advisement frou
the Attorney-General. Bubsequeuntly she left the United
States owned and registered in tuls city, with regular
papers, sud therefore like all other American ships is en
titlod to American colors and tho same protection whicl
is due to all other Americsn-owned ships, until she way
have been engaged in something that shall place ber out
of the pale of nationality, which would wake Ler au ob
Jeet of seizure by auy nation according to the Law of nu
tions, er special treaties, as for example slave trading or
piracy; but piracy” us «settled by law, and not as de:
creed or some Spanish Cuptaiu General, who cau have
no possible rizht w make that piracy which we do not 6
regard, and which stiaply affects Spanish power
Tho oiject of Bpain 18 apparent. Made ridiculous by
her djsegaracd wenuces of force in Port-uu-Priuce, the
toiled bully now limpudently turns to our Goverumeat,
woose flag It sought to disgraes on that occusion as 1
did in March, 1869, in conucetion with the American brig
Maury Lowell fn British wuters,and begs us to extricate
her frown her pitiabio posture before the world; and wore
shie asks us nso 0 do her work—to seize aud hold tle
Hornet until ber national character can bo investiaied
by court. Tho Spanish Minister at Washington &s tod
weute not to know the ultiinate wsue, us In the cuse of
the Florida, would be her release. But by this proces
she would be shut up for some 81X months at leust, aud
thus Spain, defeated by the resclution of the Huytiaus
would guin her ends practically at Washington, Really
Ir device is Wo thin to deceive any one.
New-York, Oct. 49,1811 AMERICAN,
A
QERTOUS ACCIDENT 10 HOWES CIRCUS
ad
TWO MEN KILLED AND ANOTHER INJURED.
Hupsoy, N. Y., Oct. 80.~Early this morning,
as the bund-wegen attached to Howe's Londen Clcas
wis proceeding down Fratlord’s 1111, between Baiu's
Corners and Copake Fils, drawn by a six-lorso team,
the horsea Leese unmapageabie, and the Wagon was
overturned, two of the inwsiclans being instantly kiliod and
another badly lujured, Wc found, the bodies ofthe wen
who were killod wero lylng under tho wheels, and by
the ald of ‘coce rails tho wagon waa raised aud the bedice

FRANCE.
IRELAND.
for medical treatment, A horse sttachod to bucgy
wagon took fright as the obstruction fu the rond soon
after tho above aecident, and ran away, throwing his
driver out and smashing the wagon to pleces, The gen
tleman escaped with a few brniscs,
REPUBLICAN PROSPECTS IN THE NOVEMBER
ELECTIONS~POLITICAL AFFRAY IN MIissia~
EPP) yy TELEGRAPH TO THR TRIBUNE.
WASHINGTON, Monday, Oct. 20, 1870
Estimates made bere of tho probable resulta of the
coming November elections figure confidently on large
Republican gains, In Wisconsin, Washburn will have
an increased majority of over 5,000. It is belioved that
he will even carry the City of Milwaukeo. Minnesota
reports estimate on an additional thousand to its usual
Republican majorié#. In Illinols, Gen, Beveridge's ma
Jority will be nearly as large as that of Gen. Logan, while
in Mississippi, 20,000 majority om the total vote for
Legislature 18 tho lowest ostimate yet made, New
Jersey Republicans assert that they will carry that State
by about 5,000, and as for New-York, cach report mado to
the Republican Executive Cowmitéee here is more em
couraging than the preceding one,
A fatal affray occurred recently at Artesia, Miss, in
which a Democrat named Lee was shot, It aprears that
two days before the affray, at a Democratic barbecue,
given for the benefit of colored men who were expected
to be influenced by it, very violent abuse was used
against certain Republican leaders of that vicinity, Con
siderable lil feeling was the result. A Republican mass
meeting was theu held, at which the abused persons,
spoke. One of them, a Mr. Bliss, while speaking, wos
interrupied by Leo with the offensive question, Do you
concider yourself a white man No attention was pald
to him. Two minutes after a pistol shot was heard close
to the speaker, and Lee was seen nearing from that dl
rection pursued by a colored wan. It was supposed ono
of the speakers had been killed, which proved not to be t
the case, Eye-witnesses eay Lee commenced firing as he
ran, and his pursuer returncd the fire, both 1acn dis-,
charging scven or eight shots, by one of which Lee was
killed.
Becretary Belknap and Gen. Sherman had a conversa
tion with the President in relation to atluirs in Utah,
and whether the disturbed condition of that Territory
and other difficulties in certain Southern States warrant
any preparations toward makivg a change in the present
situation of the United States troops. Further develop
ments will be necessary to decide this question, al
though the indications are that the disturbing cloments
in thie above Territories show a disposition to abide by law
and order, without rendering oppressive measures neces.
sary.
The Bccretary of War to-day informed Secretary De
lano that, in compliance with his roquest, made on
recommendation of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
he had issued orders to expel from tho Indian reserva
tion, in the Flatte valley, all white men not authorized
to visit there, with a view of suppressing illicit traflio
with the Indians,
Attorney-General Akerman was at the Capitol to-day,
and was closeted with District-Attorney Flsherand azso
ciate, respecting the Stokes-Powell bounty frauds. A
general consideration was given to the facts in posscs
sion of the Government, in connection with the alleged
frauds, and some arrangeiront was mado relative to the
course which will be pursued by the Government in
prosecuting the accused persons.
For the first time in many months, all the membors of
the Cabinet, including Mr, Delano, are iu the oity at the
same time. It is probable they will all be preacnt at the
Cabinet meeting to-morrow.
The annual report of the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury
is nearly ready for the prinicr, and will embrace tabular
statements of expenses and paywents of various officers
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1871. Among them
are the foHe wing items:
Amounts paid to Supervisors of 1nicrnal evenne ior scivices
801 CIPCDICS.cuscrirasrrrrsrrsrsasssnrsrasinaanasesnsss PIOLOOT 63
To detectives... .ooovevvunns 7309 33
To surve: ors of distilleries... “es 804 8
Drawbacks on rum and aleobol....vvivviniininnn, sasessnesy 00,150 Th
Jazeq ertoncoualy Sesessed and coilected, yelundodeseseris 40),149 #3
Drawbacks on merchandise el. seessssnsnnsernrensnnas 33,330 84
expo
Balarers of fines, penalties, aud forfel*ures on deposi to the
credit of the Secretary of tLe i" July 1, 1570
321,443 63
Amount deposited. ..ooeariiins
20) 444 40
sesssnnnnnes $22.98 03
Total .os vrssrrssssrass eves
Amount distur.el... ‘ens asannss
242608
T
Ealance on deposit to eredit of the ‘Sceretary of the
Batt B BBIE ces ctr comers testis asetenseonrennnmussoie boss
20219 TT
Gen. Spinner has completed his anoual report. In ithe
makes reforence to the storioa lately published about
pubiic moneys said to have been stolen from tho Golden
Rule in the Caribbean Sca, and aboui the warrants
alleged to have been mado out at the Treasury for his
(Spinner’s) benefit, He shows the falsity of the pub
lished statements, and asscris tuat they were gotton up
solely for political purposes.
The official statement prapared at the Interfial Rov.
enue Office shows that the total smount of brandy
manufactured in ike United States from fruit dlatiila
tion, during the last year, was 2,199,733 gallons. Of this
amount California manufactured 135,083 gnitona; Ken
tucky, 239.253 gullons; Now-Jiraey, 411,606 2allons; Now
York, 128,662 gallons; North Carolina, $74,790 gallons;
Virginia, 207,317 gallona,
The Post Ofilce Department has given notleo that the
following Lredaid rates of poskass are in full of nil
Fo to destination: On letters for France and 3lze
ra, forwarded via England, for leiters not exceoding
ono-thind of an ounce in weig..t, 10 cents; exceeding one
third of an ounce, bat not over half an ounce, 16 cents;
exceeding half an ounce, nnd not over two-thirds of an
ounce, 20 cents; exceeding two-thirds of au ounce, and
not over one ounce, 3 coats, and so on, adding 4 ceuts
per cach half ounce for United States nnd occan poate,
and «1x cents for sach two-thirds of an ounce for British

and French postage, This moditication of existirg reg.
ulations does not interfere with the mai'ing of letters to
France end Algeria, whetlier wholly unpald or partially
prepaid as to United States, inland, or goa postazo,
An abstract v. the reports of the 160 National Tanks of
Massachusetts suows: Loans and discounts, $5,561,000
United States bounds to secur: circulation, 10 secure des
posits, and on hand, $39,000,630; specie, Hos 000; legals
nder notes, $4,681,000; capiiil stock, $39,372,000; aurning
fund, $10,500,000 $naivi dual deposits, $28,854 on; Uni.cd
States deposits, $1,083,000; resources wun liabittics,
nearly $113,000,000,
Samples of the so-called tin ore received from Utah
Territory, where the Suppeged tin discaveries havo
croated such excitement, huve been subjected at tho
General Lind Office to a chiinical analysis aud als» to a
crucible assay, but in nelticer cuse eould the least trace
of tin be found. But one set of apeciwens Las been re
ceived, and it 18 possible, though uot probable, that tho
other “{in” specimens way not be as buiren of the real
astisla
k
TWO BOILER EXPLOSIONS IN ST. LOUIS—SEVERAL
PIRIAONS T5177 DD).
St. Lours, Oct. 80.—A boilir in the Vulcan
Iron Works, in South 8t. Louis, ¢xpioded about 10 o'clock
this morning, and half an Loar afi r another boller blew
up in the same estabhshm. i, James McEnroy was fa
tally scalded, and geven or ci it other persons were more
or less sovercly injured. Nu ina rial demage was dong
to the property.
I
Bostox, Mass, Oct. 0.—At a meeting of the
Mayor and Aldermen this ii ornoou aa order was paseced
authorizing the Mayor to of a reward of $3,000 ior the
arvest of the murderer of Kio L olan, Bylvester Hayes
was axamined before thet cio ne’s ory, bat noting mas
terial was elicited. He Las been held for further oxams
ination on Wednesday.
A
THE MAYOR AND OIL" OL -1t'TALS OF LEXING
TON, KY., ARLLECED Ly FELONY.
AVN, BX, ARLLLLLT 4 0 ARAN Xs
LexinaroN, Ky.,, O:f. 9. —The Mayor and
mauy officials of this city heve Leen arrested ou »n in
dletment from the Federal Covror, casrged with felouy,
growing out of tho disturbances &i the August elections.
THE OLDEST DAILY NLW:=FAPER IN AMERICA
PriLapeLeniA, Oct. 20.—% he North American
and United Stutes Gazette of 1:15 city completed to-day
the one hundPedth year of its existence, and the stib of
its continuous dally pubiicatton, It beng the oldest
daily newspaper on the Aw rican coniineat
Mr. J. Grau has engnged the celebrates line
sian pianist, Rubenstein, for a seasom iu Ans vies RE
T made recently.
10.
tement The any Arizona, hn 2 mad. rect “ie
vo iit yioX ab Fie reed iizond as fo
The paver ill of Eisen Jue
“There wero 98 daatha foe ewell-pex ig Pla.
tue disease jo SUM wd dia 0 dads 4
..-The an a Bee tr ra be
fo ha x x 5 GiaiE
WASHINGTON.
IGENERAYL PRESS DISPATCH.)
THE MURDER OF 1:A%E LEEHAN,
TRI RORAVPHE NOTEA