THE GEORGIA STATE FAIR
_
through Northern Georgla without being impressed with’
the fact that it is improviug. If he has ever visited it
previously, the chafge will be evident; if not, then
the new houses already built and in process of construe
tion, the fresh white paint which is transforming old
tuto new, will show him that there is a spirit of life and
energy in the lund, But after one passcs Atlanta and
enters the sirictly cotton country these evidences of
renewed vitallty cease. The people here have but one
fdea, and thal is cotton. This city is improving, and
largo siores and elegant private residences have been
wuilt in the few years past, but it is the dealers, not
the growers, of cqiton have made the money;
the commission merchant, not the planter. Last year
the crop was abundant, and the planters complained of
low prices; this year the crop igmuch smaller, yet but
few of them are in a position to avail themselves of
“possible high prices. Thev are In deht wyenyicon,
ok the W Lent crop, but the farmers there, with their
but off the ROR Ce cammaratively independents
Qiversificd industry, will be ¢om] A tion
with a fair crop of corn, the increased 2 of soo pA
48d hustly, their new and Lig usiry o ras
and sto. A woninent hera-qealer in Cortersville
ati tes that To us <A 3,09 worth of grass seed the past
ecison, one in Rame $0, (00, and another in Atlanta a little
more. Thus dt is that many 1 the 8 ction above Atlanta
“hie hereabouta alinost all wear
are ta good gpiits, while hereabout v rt
face of gloom and d sspoudency. This fe Hang of pave] 'y
aay acconnt for ne greater attendance oi (hic Agricul
turd Pair, which closed ibis day,
TOOLS AND MACIHINES—THE COTTON CROP,
MacoyN, Ga. one can travel
tha 4B Part of Te aslve drouth has
By an arfaageaent beiween the the two cities the
holding of the state Fein is to alternate between Atlanta
and a vi. Tis year it belongs to Macon. Probably the
mo tute Doan piel icosgue groumds in tho country
wore ced an for the Fain Over 158 acres were inclosed
and ited vorh osubstaniind buildings, gotten up in the
Bwis= cot? cla, These weraallclntered amid agrove
of pues and beeches m ing a veRy attractive picture
fn fuer Digi cont of white. Beyond them was fitted
up in Le mest perivet MGUKT race-irack, whioh is
evitertiy intended fo he the svat attraction. Tho Fair
prope closed teadn Vo orto crow and on the next day
there are to Ve tracing ord yunnmgr cos fer the €0,000¢
Preaciutos cilored by Maw Tia. Tlon, vvely one says,
ther be oo erowids but 1 shall not etay to
REN [PEE YE tai wath that. ad Atlanila, the
FRETS i prefer nee. Rho ae commolated a
wa err ow ei belter, lastaysar; every rail
 TTHOHE SPCISTTIT Ire A Lbal we bali CRG trzans, and two ran
Rice ruber: tans Lions rads were vroushit from and
Tetorve.l tu ilnel huses at leas €xpeuss ihan they
cov Ra iL Lhe ey. The Baaue enterprise bas not been
Pau tod Bete pettaps becanis there was 10 need for
l
ML 0b Fiobil Becase othe best popuated lino of road to
Chis ace tide 101 JD Bf cossary cule rprise or liberality.
An, 1 eat 0f peteity of numbecs isin the fact that
thee ive alicdes wot lie Sas three district fudis,
RIG Lie 0 wo are next week; also, that of the
Cot in Sts oo, at Aon ta. People caunot go to all, and
We wine display of extra hows exists on the fair
greatela hat hag boon ao ofter condemned, but geome
eo. tewd that ties never before saw 80 mauvy. The
Le orga tate Agricultural Society complains of poverty,
gi hen oo this svar, as iast, the farming out of the priv
Logos oo The wooun ds to a party in consideration of cer
tain YMoonoos, oagricaltural maedinery the specialty
was we Lones Zor via ious manipulation: of cotton and
potion padliliug. Dacre are four pins, two cotton-seed
Lullors ord water. All these were made in the North
except one of the hullers; that is the iuvention
pf a Colmabos man, Excepting one plow, every:
Wing else was Northern or Western, Macon poS8esses
pe of the best founderies and wmacline-shops in the
South, its foreman was near this plow. I spoke of 1
encouregingly, and hoped it was but the beginning of
Lundreds. He replied that if they went to making plows
they would have to have a large capital to push them,
od would acennnlate a great soca without sale; that
sue poopee, with all their Soutlern politics, did not be
eve any nine male at home was as good as that made
Be tue North. I spoke of stoves, dozens of which were
on cabibiton, wal) vue, fron Rone, being of home-man
afucture. MHisreply was about the same. In a measure
be is corre, but not fully, as she success of the Rom
stove demonstrates. le, however, is right in statin
that the South needs skilled mechanics, that her wor
may be so well doue as to rival any Northern max
@BIRULU ee.
In the department of farm products were 10 bale
very fine cotton, five Ly one man; but what most a
tracted my attention was a collection of 33 varieties
pative prasses and eeven bales of hay exhi™ rd by M
A. Dunn of Forsyth County, just south of Atiuuta. Fo
bal were of a red clover, one of a marsh grass, and tv
of the Lesjvdoza Striata, or, as here called, Georg
glover. ois singular grass appeared {in the Sout! abo
the close of the war, and hae spread over a large part
pvery State, It is preferred by cattie to red or whit
plover, grows in poor or rich land, aud roots out that ol
sye-sore, the hroom-sedge. This was the trst 4 hav
sen cut, and while admiring the prodnet I wished tha
she cater bad been a little more careful in bis prepari
gion. It 1s evidently to occupy an important part in th
torengral on of the old fields of the South, The four Lale
of 1d clover hay were from ferops of which the firs
F.olG0d 6,000 pounds per acre, und the sccond ylelde
5,612 pounds, sil a red and gray, which, In a fair scusol
wonid predace about seven bushels of corn to the acre
or 400 to 5 pounds of cotton (whether lini or not is no
stated). The cost was: For cultivation, $5 50; fertilizers
$9; total, #13 60; value of hay, over $50. His eximpl
may induce othors to try a sinflar experiment, but th
great mese of the people in the cotton belt are wedded
to their idol.
Cattle were scaree on the ground; I could not find any
One misses Peters's splendid Devons and graces, as wel
as ihose of others of Northern Georgia A few shee]
trom Tennessee, all for gale, fll} the lst lu that Yo. As
an evidence of increasing interest in gheep-growing, Mr
Peters states that he las this season sold 100 mering
buc is, every oue he could spare, and has had a demand
for more. A very creditable varicty of poultry and a
few hogs complete this list, all overshadowed by a grea
number of horses gathered from all parts of the country.
Bome very handsome mules, mostly from Kentucky, were
also on exhibition and for sale.
Inthe evenings the disasupgons of the Society turned
apon the question of a disposal of the fund derived from
sale of the laud scrip, amounting to about $200,000. These
tdeas were various, some desiring to found a Professor:
ship of Agricuiture in tho present Unlversity, others i
establish a special college. It was finally agreed tha
they would not dispose of the fund before they Lad the
control of it; therefore it was decided to petition the
Legislature to pass an act leaving the disposition of the
fuud to the Btate Agricultural Society.
EAvANNAR, Oct. 27.—8eeing nothing in the races af
Macon likely to be of an instructive or agricultural char
acter, I cane here to talk with railroad and cotton wen,
as I had alrcady done with the planters, as to the pros
pects of the cotion crop. Savauuah has become the
second cotton port of the South, and her business in this
line has evident prospect of continuing to increase. The
completion of tke Albany and Brunswick Railroad to
Eufaula gives her another valuable feeder from the
West; and os this {5s likely to be under the liberal man
agement of the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, both planters
and merchants will be benefited. Last year this ral:
road brought to Savannah 173,000 bales of cot'un, Its
energetic Superintendent, Col. Haines, has adopicd a
syste of reports from his agents and others as to crop
progpects and probabilities. He informs me that the
final report on Bept. 30 stated the probable crop at 68 per
cent of last year, which would give as the prospective
FOL
crop.
facturing point, Nearly all cotton now shipped is com
pressed. 1 looked with admiration on the beautiful and
powerful machinery which does thig swork, Four presses
turn out one bale each in little over half a pinute, or 110
bales #0 hour. Each bale is reduced to a little less than
balf the usual size. An 800-tun sailing veasel carrying
1,500 of the common bales, will carry 2,480 of tho com
pressed. The steamer Magnolia, for instance, car
ries about 1,400 commen and about 3100 com
pressed. This differonce makes cheaper freights. The
freight to Liverpool by steam is three-fourths of a penny
per pound by sail, }d. Thé stevedore in charge of the
compress, an old worker ®n the Bavannah wharves,
thought the erop reaching Savannah this year would be
a little #ver 500,000 bales—about 75 per cent. From all
these data I conclude, as far, as the State of Georgia is.
concerned, that in the North her cotton crop will be
nearly up to last year's antity and beyond it in
quality that the ears 8 rr will fully coe up to
75 per cent of last, year's crop; $hiat:tho p ters have
learned this yar a y boride] of Soenowuy ely to be of
great vulue tg then) and, with the evident tendency to
diversifie ad raising grasses, the future cotton
Crop ithe atate is likely to be raised with much more
"Toff than heretofore, even if it shohid not for many
Fears reach the xe Jarge figures of 1870.11.
THE TXNIBITIOY OF CATTLE AGRICULTURAL
(FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
tt a et
Iu the bus oss Dartious of (bg city, Ka¥ahuah is not
NR and ong fs n véry heart of the city the
old dying dated buildings of years ago. The climate is
a damp that Wood ud brick p old very quickly.
In the sabyrby poveral Big gous of brick two
story leucmen nssa—a class of buildings much needed,
and showing that the Jasaring class of the population is
increasing, the character o uidings heretofore a
signed to that branch of the ulation in the Bor
hing wooden structures, frequently of a very ric’
aud repulsive appearance, Ed’

AFFAIRS IN CHICAGO.
THE CHARGES AGAINST THE MA OR AXD GEN
SHERIDAN—FRAUDS WITH THY RELIEF FpND.
CuicaGo, Nov. 6. The sbarges of lawless
nsurpation in the use of the military, made
by Gov. Palmer against “gon gheriagh and Mayor
Mason, are ‘still the gupiest of much discus
sion bere.. The frie’s of the General defend his
courses on the pled uf necessity, as extraordinary
measures were/nee fd imumediately after the fire to re
‘presy, viclence. To-day, however, a story comes from
Springfield, Wiatsthe Adjutant-General of the State, an
experienced soKlior, reached Chicago the day after the
fire, with 450 picked men, under orders from Gov. Palmer
to eaforee the laws and to preserve order; and that,
under the.advice and direction of Gen. Sheridan and
.Nayor Mason, he-returned home with his men because
there was no nooessity for them. The regiment of which
Gov. Palmer complains was organized and called into
service after tho assistance of the Adjutant-Geuneral Lad
been refused.
A petition In hankrupiey has been filed tn thir efty
asking that the Manhattan Innéurance Company of New
York be declared bankrupt, and an assignec appointed
to 35ke charge of the assets for the beucfil of the
creditors,
Deep interest 1&8 manifeated in the result of the election
to-morrow. The Board of Trade will hold no kession,
and the Mayor has a proclamation recommeming the
aloaine of all nlaces of business. The Shelter Connuitioe
of the Aid Rociety report that there are 5689 applica
1018 (OF telporarys houses, of whieh 4,178 have been
rallied.
Lions op tewaporaryr houses, OI WAG 4,140 HRVEC Locld
granicd,
THE RELIEF MUDDLE,
It will be remembered that, on the 18th of October last,
the M.avor of Chicago, by proclamation duly published,
made to the Chicago Relief and Aid Bociety a formal
transfor of the money and material on hand and forth
coming for the relief of the Chicago sufferers, This was
done, ns the Mayor expressed it, beeause the soclety was
an incorporated and old-established organization, having
for many years possessed the entire confidence of the
cominnity, and being familiar with the work to be done,
Tho Citizens’ Relief Committee, the organization called
into existence immediately after the fire, was, by this
act of the Mayor's, disbanded, and its functions and
powers conferred upon the Relief and Aid Society, The
change met with the heartiest approval of the press snd
public, the only opposition being that of certain Alder
men, among them Mr, Holden, who were ardently
desirous of Lhiuving the handling of the vast quantities of
mouey, provisions, ete. They were LienpiRutesl, how
ever, tho Society being firm in declining ir assistance.
fi the time of the transfer, Mr. Holden, as Treasurer of
eo Citizens’ Relief Committee, had in bir keeping, ac
cording to his own statement, relief money to the amount
of $15,000, beside the control of nunerous fous firatnle
of food and clothing. He Pore plori(y refnsed to abide
by the Mayor's pr and, ever since the Society
took the work in hand, haa neglected to turn over the
money, or render any account of its expenditure,
although Grgent) y requested to do so, as will be
seon below, In addition to the $15,000 admitted by Lim 10
be in his posession, it is stated by a leading citizen of
Chicago, 8 professional «entleman of the highest stand
ing, and a member of one of the Tgnictr) ards, that,
since the date of the demand upon Mr. Holden for the
Tobey, Ro saw in the latter's posscsgionmumerous checks
uid fts diva in favor of the Clioudo Rellal and 4 Aid
oty and another Wen 0 y Atand
ing statos that dir. Hofien bas cused to be aftrivited
rivals aA an lL RE
inference being that Mr. ko had used, for the
furtherance of his politicdl ambition, the supplies con
tributed only for the retef of those burned out, and only
I to be distributed by the Rellef and Ald Society.
GOV. PALMER AND GEN, SHERIDAN.
from The Chicago Evening Journal of Saturday.
The Palmer-Sheridan rumor turns out to he
true, Gov. Palmer has actually written a long Jorge to
Attorney-General Bushnell, requesting him, “in conline
ton with he State's Attorney of the Seventh Judicial
Circait, to bring all the facts before the Grand J of
f
Cook Conners in order that ail persous concerned Be
unlawful killing of Thomas W. Grosvenor way be Wrought
to a speedy trial.”
The most noticeable thing about this letter fa the utter
abscuce of any reference, however remote, to the great
fire. Oue would never mistrust, from reading this loug
docuruent, that anv extraordinary emergency existed iu
Slicagy at the time the Meyor called upon Lieut.-Gen.
Sheridan to protect the city. Greater unfairness could
hurdly be conceived of. It is a match for the Southern
complaint that the late war wus a Northern invasion,
such it was as truly as the joint action of Mayor Mason
and Gen. Sheridan was assumption. If Thomas W. Gros.
venor was murdered, then 80 was every man killed dur
ing the war who was not actually in arms.
THREE WEEKS AFTER TIE TIRE.
Murat Halstead of The Cincinnati Commercial
hae just returned from a visit to Chicago, and writes for
lis paper a long" article, describing his impressions from
visiting the ruins three weeksafter the fire. The article,
which takes the form of notes rather than of a gonnected
narrative, completely disposes of komo of the wild sto
ries at first circulated, and which have not before been
denied. “There 13 no reason,” he gays, “to believe the
wn was sect on tire by members of the International
ele pe or by thieves, or any sort of incendiaries, Every
dy did not get drunk as Jearsed, There
were no thieves hanged to lamp-posts, or incendiaries
uasaacred ou the spot where they wepe detected, us Was

Mr. Halstoadiuiso explainy some of the “miracles” hy
means of which a few buildings were saved. Gen. Sher
{dan blew yp ody (TA Boyce 3 Jieck (ug prygress of
the flames toward the ‘south. &n the nor hide and in
the business portion of the city the flames epread so
rapidly that the destruction of buildings in this way
would have done no good. Ogden’s honse, which was
saved, stood apart in a square by itself, and the owner
torerd the roof in the most exposed parts with wet
lankets,
Nixon’s block was raved because it was not finished,
If it bad been filled with furniture it would have per
ished with the rest. It is scortched pretty severely, and
the cornice is burnt off, an admonition that it was an ors
nament uot required. The exterior advantage of this
bullding is that it is constructed of good brick. The
usual veneering of gtone is omitted. it was an honest
Duildine all bat the cornice, which, being sLam,
urned.
Much has been raid of the wooden pavements and side
walks of Chicago, and they have heen accused of spread
ing the fire. The pavements, at least, did no such thing.
There 1s not a Nicolson pavement in Chicago that fs not
in far better order now than any wooden pavement we
have in Cincinnati. We never had an real Nicolson ut
dowm here. Tho Jobs so-called were RY and on pu
Where rows of shade trees were reduced to mere char
coal outlines of trees, and houses were annihilated, and
curustones splintered with the heat, the Nicolson pave
J08uk Jo Jette. Tue wooden sidewalks Jd not fare so
we'l. They were burned out, but whéie great stone
slabs covered the walks the destruction is scarcely less
complete, tho most ponderous of them being ehiversd
like ihiu glass.
THE NEWSPAPERS,
Eighty newspapers werc published fn Chicago, and
they were, without exeeption, blotted out. The English
dailics have been revived and are struggling along, pub
lishing regularly but imperfectly, The Tribune and
Journal arc working together, and The Tribune being a
morning and The Journal an evening paper, they man
age to get along. The Journal fina pave a Buckeye
engine that runs all the machinery in the building, and
that they Fojolee over exceedlugly. They bought The
Cineinnati Chronicle’s old press, and bud the luck to
#mash one of its four cylinders within a few minutes
afer siardng. The three cylinders are kept moving, and
thelr capacity, run day aud Bigs, aided by two or
three job presses, is the measure of the present circula
tion of the papers—that is, they sell all they can print,
Hoe 18 mournfully slow in turning out a new press.
The question why he do n't keep a four<cylinder or two
ou hand for emergencies, is ene that is a good deal agi
tated In Chicago newspaper circles; but I suppose that
he wust be allowed to answer at bis disetonion, One
would think Le might easily have the side frames cast
and finished, and a lot of cylinders prepared; but there
are mysterios in machiue-shops, and it rg) work to
hurry the Suiug out of 3 priutin office.
receipts 131,040 bales. Allowing for despondency of
farmers, 75 per cent would probably be the correct fig
ures; carry this over the whole South and 2,000,000 hales
may be estimated as the present I Dbave
heard various estimates, and none below
those figures. In those sections where the
planters produce all thelr own provisions,
there has been no diminution of the quantity planted;
fn other sections there has been less planted, but few
commercial fertilizers were used, and the late Suter
rains caused many of the bolls to drop, while rains in
he Spring and early Bummer affected the flower in a
The Chicago fre hae not on'y trated the inde
structibility of newspaper a the great item,
the good will, survives the conflagration of cities—but it
shows, as Medill of The Tribune says, and he speaks from
8 bitter experience, the absolute dependence of ‘the
press” upon its presses, The Sewspaie} eftablitmenty
of Chicago only need pressed to be fn full play. With
out the most highly RITUpE and costly machinery
hey are sadly bisa Advertisements ur
in beyond the capacity of publishers to print or
Adterticing 16 essential to the RoGE fuuization of the city,
A thousand business men must tell where they ure to
similar manner. But the unusually warm weather in Oc
tober, and the absence of any severe frosts, huve caused
s much brighter prospect to prevail. If the planters
were not 80 universally iu debt to their commission mer
chants, not only fer this year's crop but for balances on
lust year, the increased price even on the amount refsed
would yield th:m handsome profits, us many of them
have lived in an economical manner cutadly foreign to
be found iu temporary quarters, and advertiserients are
as indispensable to bring order out of the confusion of
business Hierepta as local items are to check the cireula
tion of wild stéties and Javon foolish panics, Nevep
wis the necessity that the newspaper has becoine to eiv
lized eoclety so vividly fllostrutod as daring the Inet
three weeks in Chileago; nd there are stories flying that
The Iribune Las had its reward for usefulness ju ciearing
$60,070) sluee the fire: but these ure ubsurd exaggerations,
Perhaps one-quurter of that sum bur been realized,
which Is not a vu business under such calamitous ofr
Ams omoeg,
their former habits and nature.
On the whart st Savannah I see signs of activity and
bustle, The new crop is cowing iu rupidly, freights are
low, heavy advances Lave been made, apd interest 1s
Ligh, Savapuah up to Reptember 30 Lad shipped 721,729
bales of cotton, of which about 10,000 was Bca Island,
sud 486,000 was shipped direct to Europe. Iu 1960-70 she
received and shipped only 49,900 bales in all. Ble manu
fu tures no-cotton, though a steam factory has been fre
GU pily talked of it is not at all likely that Bsvaunah
Wi, ever bg even to small degree a Wanu


i
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. TUESDAY, No WEMBER 7, 187)
wre)
HIGH TIDE TO-DAY.
iy TE me
VIATRRRLTMOS ICA FOR rau VICINITY.



B t IT Prot Yale College,
revoort Hovss—Pro
A. Mori, the Japanese of. 8 {limanef T4' H. Wilson,
w= Astor Iouse—Jud 1G Black of Pennsylvania.
Fifth-Avenue Holel J EC. Bilings of New
Orleans, and R, M. Corwl a of ashingten. Silgoy
moun L. Delano of Aa nterior Der Eh or
arrived from Farope 5 Anges, 428 251 Nicholas Solel
Soin E. Owens ihe comedian; Judge J. n bbitts
shingto ap Can Ph
of bliadeighis, ar ok a Rev, J. B. Bo
of Genpva, N,v sets Etro G w 'P, Pedse of
The Buffalo 4 w= Metroparioon, Ton, wi
J Magrath oe rolinw and Col. D. Noville of New.
of Georp' ww: Grand Central Holel—Gen. B. E.


A261. Ry
real estate reccived
4
Mr. Ashbury's yacht, the Livonia, left her
anchorage off Btaten Island, yesterday, for England.
Passengers on the Elevated Railroad com
plain that the trains do not adhere tp schedylo time,
A Bowery house decorator displays a gign
‘bearing the incendiary announcement; “Ceilings frescoed
~and calcined.”
Deputy Controller Green signed, yesterday,
the wiyTants for the payment of the Water Police, for
Axgust, The 65 men on the foree receive $83 84 a month
A New-Yorker, who keeps Btatistics of
municipal crimes and all manner of moral irregularities,
states that the number of mysterious disappearances id
of persons, never heard of or from afterward, 18, on an
average, early 50 a yoar—about one to every week.
Persons compelled to go through East Canal
et. will be interested to know there 13 falr prospoct
that tho miserable old roekeries at the atersection of
that thoroughfare with Walker-at, will be pulled down
next Spring to make room for handsome gtores.
Less than ten years ago Church-st. was one
of the vilest quarters of the city, being full of grog
ferien, bagnios, and low dapcedonses, It ia now (no of
he most active business thoroughfares in town, ant is
lined with vast marble structures devoted to tie wuole
sale dry goods trade.
Next Summer geveral enterprising persons
contemplate setting up stands for selling water in prom
fnent thoroughfares, as they do in Spain and Southern
Lal Tho loa 18 goer one. A great many people
prefer a glass of cold wator to the ville compounds
often retailed as soda-water, root-beer, and lemonzac,
aud, ata peony or two a glass, coid wabtr would be lu
active demand.
a
If the Ggand Duke arrives to-day, the recep
tion and parade will take place to-morrow. It willbe
impossible to namo the days for the ball, tho trip to
West Point, or the entertainment at tho Navy-Yard, un
til the wishes of the expected guest have been conrulted.
As yet, no changes have heen made in the programmes.
The steamer Mary Powell accounnodates 600 passongers
comfortably, and double that uwmber of applications lor
tickets have been received.
Since the suppression of tho Rebellion, fully
80,000 Southerners (some put tho number aa high os
50,000), many of whom took a prominent part in the war,
have come to New-York, and have made it thelr per
manent place of residence. Every Southern Etate 1s
represented in the new population: but Virginia, South
Caroling, Georgia, Mississippi, and Louisiana 1uere
largely than any of the other States. Hebel Generals,
Colonels, Majors, and Captains are almost ad comnion im
Broudwiy now as they uscd be beiwern Acquis Cr 2K
and Oiange Court-Honse,
BROOKLYN.
Jolin Styler's dwelling in Warren-st., near
Ehderitli-aney Brooklyn, was damaged $600 by fire yes
terday.
The Clty Railroad Company has placed ad
Aitional cars on the Myrtle-ave., Gates-ave., Falton-ave.,
sud Court-st. Linea,
The first church sociable of {he scacon in
Brooklyn is held at the Park Congregational Church,
seventh-st. and Bixth-uve., to-uight,
The Rev. T. J. McGivern has been assigned
as pastor of a new Roman Catholic parish, embracing a
dlstriet bounded by Canton-st., Fluslinz-ave,, Ryerson
st., and Myrtle-ave. A church is to be crected on Cler
mout-ave. costing about $68,000.
LONG ISLAND.
Jamarca.—On Sunday night two Itisluunen
dangerously stabbed Wilham Jackson, colored, while he
wae passing through McNiel-st.
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey Ciry.—The Rev. II. A. Cordo, pastor
of the North Bapiist Church in Jersey-ave,, has resigned
the pastorate to accept a call from Meriden, Conn....
Luke Calloran was comnnitted, yestorday, for assaulting
domes Boavder.  Wilinm Green was ariested for an
atrocious assault on James urrison,

NEWARK.—The final arrangements for the purchase of
the turnpike bridge over the Passaic Ri®er by Essex and
Hndeon Counties were made yesterday, and 1t was
thirown open to the public as a free bridge... The Cen
tral M. E, Church raised 3x0 for Chicago on Sunday...
A reward of $250 18 offered tor the arrest of the porson
who tore down and mutilaied the walls of the Corrigan
jomily vault in the cemetery of the Holy Sepulcher....
Denthis last week, 40, Including 4 from stuull-pox—-Tue
tuermometer indicated 282 yesterday mornine. LL There-
cent concert in aid of Chicago, at Klotz Hall, netted
$245 45... It bas been ascertained that the man who was
drowned in the Pasoaic River on Thursday was David
fasseil, a plumber, employed by Daan Bros... To the
Court of Quarter Skaions, yesterday, Win. Kennedy was
sentenced to one year in the State Prson for thett; Pat
rick Devitt one yeur for erand larceny... Wm. Wiegmann,
a milkman, was thrown trom his wagon, yesterday
morning, and seriously injured... The coroner's jury in
the ease of an infant child of Mary Aun Boyd, a aS at
Carpenter's Hotel, retorned a verdict, last evoiung, that
it died trough the mother’s neglect, The case will be
Fr esemicd to the Grand Jury... James Kelly and Patrick
urray of No. 19 Monroest, were henl to bail, last
greening, to answer a cures of assualt avd Latiory on
Richard Stack. ...Jolhin Burne wae arrested, yesterday, to
answer a eharze of larceny from the person, preterred
by Christopher Terry) of NEWLY Monroe-st,
PATERRON.—The Washington Market Company, char
tered last Winter, hus organized by the election of an
Loard of Directors and an ET ory, ‘ti market
SM ave a yon of 320 feet on Broadway an 200 feet’ on
ashington-st, and the building will cost ah
Tue real vataio Vg tose about $10 os A 0.
«tone of the iird Presbyterian Church will he 5 oe
Graud aud Prioce-sts, to-day, 2 lad at
The Heal: Board roports 26 additional cases of
sma! pox in Brooklyn during the past week.
A tire in the galley of the ship L. I. Devebor, lying
at Pier No. 28, E. R., yesterday, caused $200 damage.
{ustav Tokesdorf, a German, ave 15, of No, 141
West Nipeteenth-st., died, yesterday, in Bellevue Hospital, from the
effect of a pistol-shot wound in the band, received Cet. 24,
A slight fire occurred, yesterday, in the yard of
the Nicolson Pavement Cowpsur, at Nineteenth-st. and A=enne
Cornelius Fitzshmoons, a member of Hook aud Ladder Company No. 3,
was run ovge and seriously injured.
The investigation into the eirenmstances connected
with the death of Jolin Rourke, late of No. 3.5 East Forty sixthest., who
was found, on Oct. 29, ving insensible in Becond-ave., near Forty
thirst. was adjourned. yesterday. after much ecntradictory eviience Lad
beer taken, and a verdict of ‘Death frow the bands of a person cuknowa'
had been rendered.
Commissioner Bosworth listened yesterday to 27
com plnints against policemen. Mary Johnson of No. 62 New-Chambers-st.
complained bat Patrolman David Martin of tbe Tw cuby sixth $4 Hall)
Preciuct kicked ber against a Jasin} gal. Capt. tg [the Tweuty
eighth Precinct charged Patrolman Edward Gillgar with being eg Bl n
barver's chair in a registry office. Tle officer deciured thai the charge
wus wade because he would not perjure Limasell in the recent trial of
by Rony Both cases were referred to the Dosnd,
ARREST OF A NOTORIOUS FORGUER-SINGULAR
IDENTIFICATION.
On Oet. 23 a stranger entered the banking
office of Howes Macy, at No. 30 Wall-st., and sold a
araft for $3,000, drawn upon a bank in Virginia, and pur
porting to be signed by H. B, Stanley. It was afterward
ascortained that that the draft had been raised from $30
to $3,000, and detectives concluded, from a description
given by the clerks, that the forger was A. O. Bernheim,
alins Archie Watson, alias Cassidy, a notorious swindler,
Bernheim, during August, obtained $1,600 from Clark
Co. of Philadelphis, on forged letter of credit,
and fled to Buffalo, where ha was arrested, but
before the arrival of the Philadelphis detectives, he es
caped from jail. A portrait of him, which had assisted the
Buffalo detectives in identifying him, was sent by them to
Polico Headquarters in this city. Detective Elder, while
Jasding up roadway, yesterday, accompanied by De
ective Til iy suddenly met and recognized the forger,
and Sompsited him to take off a glove that completely
covered left wrist and hand, on which was marked a
sviubol in Indias ink which the clerks in Howes Macy's
office had noticed, He was taken to Pollee Headguar
ters, and will be brought before Justice Dowling, at the
Tombs Police Court, any.
3 centennial anniversary of the birth of
Alo}s Benefelder, the inventor of lithography, was cele
bruted by a festival of peculiarly German characteristics
at Irving Hall, vesterday afternoon and evening. The
prograwme of the entertainment comprised vocal and in.
strumental music, and addresses in English and German,
supplemented by a ball, The overture by the orchestra
was followed (4 an address on the history of Jithog.
raphy, w H.W. ly inventer of the process aphid
w the American Photo-Lithographic Company, lly
allach subsequently delivered an address in German,
Dancing was continued to a late hour. The sides of the
hall pre lined with specimens of gvery variety of litlo
graphic work. A large bust of Benefe!der occupied a
bromunent position upon the stage. Reproscutetives of
HOME NEWS.
LJ
PROMI ews i1poro ils
NEW.YORK CITY.

POLICE NOTIS
A HOLIDAY FOR LITHOGRAPHERS.
pt A PT
returned from Europe ay denen,
ewe the fee to iroduge gl rou 1 HIB GORIEEYS
THERMOMETER TESTE A
a TEAMY pg
9 Osborne, 18
The Prince of Wales's yacht, 4
yronouncod 3 fajlgre, oss Of the Ger
The Crown Prinos and Princess
flelds of Wor and Wels.
man Empire visited the battle a Vou \Bandrart,
somburg on the 4th vit. attended by gH one of
Monseigneur Pio, Bishop of Poitiers;
lates of France, has been
the most Ultramontane i a Se Dialn some expan”
ng ot Versailles, ana tryin 0
a from M. Thiers in Regard to the pty Ronke. A
During the late war thel® Re wan
between France gnd Gory apd exw, hor of 3)
the different corfd of troops the éMormons Mu. ~apg.
679,000 letters anu posinl cords, and 2,354,310 n6WAPNy,
proof that Germany not neglected the education oO.
prog inl b sy’
"Bays the (artenlaube: The Americans under
stand better than wo how to give an appropriate ecover
ing to everything they use, Their Hg aia due
for example, are met with in all quarters the globe,
not A superior to ors, God forbid, the
contrary is often the case, but because their boxes and
bottles are neatly inclosed and labeled, so that they con
stitute an ornament for gYory drug-store, and are, at tho
same time, easily opened and yet air-tight.
In Austria the antagopism between the Min
{stry and Its supporters on one side and the German Lib
erals or Constitutionalists on the other, 1s becoming more
and moro acute. In tho declaration by which the se.
cession of the 71 mombers of this party from the PGhe
mian Diet was accompanied, the position of Wings in
Bohemia was suddenly reve or Years the
Czeohs, claiming their historical rights, réidsed to re
cognize the Diet and Relchsrath and Absented them
selves from both, Now it Is tho, Giemmang who protest
against the one-sided recognition A he Gover: uent of
these rights, hy whieh, according their opinion, the
validity of the Constitution as Togarda Bohemia 18 set
aside by one stroke of the pea, ‘and withdraw from tho
Dict, and inxlireotly Jikowisa from the Reichsrath. The
€zechs are ratisfled and exulting, the Germans are deeply
wounded and preparing for resistance,
A brochure lately published in Leipsie, the
frst edition of which was exhausted in two months,
rharges the most startling corruption upon the Govern.
ment, financial gl and press of the Austrian Empire,
especially of the Chpital city. Corruptibylity, pursuit
ator wealth through dishonest azencies, general and
unserupulons practice of gambling and the social evil
which 18 mentioned as having long since become devoid
of ali shame, nro the charges made by this pamnhler,
“11,” observes the new German weekly, Im neuen Reich,
“the one-half of this be true, it is no longer a matter of
surprise why Anstrian politics are devoid of oll vigor, Tt
hacomnes evident that RR Austrian qnestion fs not to he
anlved hy any mere Individual capability, that a moral
reforin is enlled for, and that Von Iioust 18 in nowise come
ln nt.tocffeet such a reform, charged nd Le ‘swith being
Wise! a ecorruptionist.,” The brochura warmiv advo
cites the necessity of a German allinnee for Austria,
TUDTIHER EXPERIMENTS WITH IFAT.
More than 120 doviees and processes for
milizing peat have been patented in the United Statea,
but none have produced the reemlt which all have
conght—making peat fue! at a [rent One of the Jatest
inventions of the kind is the Lnxton machine, now on
trial at the works of a company working a bog near
Jamaiea, L. I. Thirty neres have Been'purchased, sheds
and other buildings erectaxl, and a machine u epera
tion, Thd mill, which {a rnin by a seven-horee Jover
encine (with peat for fnel), 1s simple, compact, nnd
ervonge and may be briglly deseribed as an fron eviinder,
21 by five feef, having a revolving core armed wiih
wines and knives. The ernde peat is shoveled into tho
hopper, and 18 discharged through an opening 12 by 4
inches, at the oppote end of the mill, in a plastic state
of abont tha consigtency of mortar, Thence it ia wheeled
in harrowe upon the drying platforms and gronnd, where
it is spread to an even depth of four or five Inches, In
four to ten days, according to the weather, the peat is
lard enongh to break Into fragments and store under the
«hile, The inventor clans that, in fine weather, he ean
rooke 100 tins of fuel a day at a cost of loss than $1 a
coin Many will be glad to have that fuct demonstrated,

TUOTTING AT 'LEETWOOD PARK.
Two trofting matches were announced at
Fleetwood Park yesterday, but the cold weather pre
vented a large attendance, The first was a purse and
etake of #400, mile heats, In harness, for which Lady
Wheeler, Fauuy Lambart, David Bouner, and Lady
Sears were enterad. Tho wate between Topsy and St,
Elmo for £700, mile heats, in harness, resulted in the Jat
ter pavine forfeit. Another imprompru mateh for $100
was arranged between Topsy and Newton, one mile aud
fepeste in barness, which was won by the former In two
1eata,
Viegrwoon Park. —Monlay. Nov. 6.—Purse and stake, $4, #ple
Leas, best three in five, in h: raese,
J. Maivhye ls. m. TH NH ul
Tn. Diy Boers, onsen 2 3
Dugrey's I, in. Fann am senssesnsnnsnses Gr,
3. Dugrey's bt. in. Fanny Lambert..,...occoonnencle ff

RAYE Dav.——Mateh, #100, mile and repes
D. Dan‘els’'sb m. To ee 1
3
P. Mavee's g. Newton.
Bernard O'Neill, an Alderman of this city,
was arrested on the warrant of Commissioner Daveo
port, last evening, at his liquor gtore, No, 492 S8econd-ave,
The Deputy Marshals asserted that Patrick Counolly had
sv orn thut Ins had been iuditeed to vote illegally at the
Inst election by O'Neill, The Alderman was taken to the
Lud.ow-st. Jutl.
y
{1
1
eo
a
3 A
3T
I
A My mre
R


nN
1
v 1 v [s
ny
ny
Privew KNOXEMOFF i8 coming to Gotham
wih the Grand Rule, if the lgtior ever comes, Ard sjea ‘vg ui Kyox
we vould gay that the great North Au eriean hater et 2/2 Broadway
sel's more and betier Lats (lin any other hatier fn the land. The way
the great Luter Koox "aa off, is acaition to sacticucers. Get in aad
get ote of bis vup orb tiles, acd be Sopp.
tr

To tir VoTeRs of the State of Nmw-YoRK.
Every legal voter hou'd himve aclenr hed on election das, nnd cast
thei vote for recom and honed cduinin Joidon of tne tus, To ae.
cour Hal this object we would Lecrmaend them wo ase bike vied 0'8 Ca
TARRY BPR IPC, Sold Ly all Druvisis,

OVER 500 rayriars per day are insuring their
a
hoor and pronto hy oa ng Devsnow 8 Brad's CRnuicM Savery
Oil (1907 tire test). No cLaoge in lanips or burners, s
130 Maiden-lane NY.
To Moroene,—Use Irrenrarn Graney, the
great neloinal foo erp cially Cdagted for tutints, ard a roost poloal le
remedy in abl canes of darrpes, choca att, ad bees Sold ly
ali cruggists, ond at the wii'onle fgpot ly Canc Stine, 103 Water
st, corner Mallen-tare, v
foo!
A Protrerion Acainst Fiap.—For Bricks,
eacrcte, Wool Pavguients, Spa fiom Locomotives, lundogt Mone and
ron Cements made, by volable Glass, L. J, W, FRronTwaNGer,
No. 58 Cedar-st. New-York.
DreacmNGg, CLeaNiNG, “ad DYEING OFFICES
Mf E. Lon, 78 Broalwey, nece Twenty ond-st., 429 Broome-st cor,
Biowway, Made-up garments, laces, fes. cr, gloves, &c., cleaned,
Uz:r no other preparation but Nart's VEGE
wakim SpcrooAn Hons Dexewin for improviag the gio stu and restornis
Lie color of the hair.
EE
Aslc your Grocer for DooLey's Yeast Pow
DER, the hest Baking Powder, Depo® 6) New-st., X.Y,
a Oo Al Nd A Bd
JILES! PILES! FISTULA, &e.!
Piles, Iuterual, External, Blind, Bleeding, Licking, &e,, positively and
ermanently enred by W, A. McCANDLISS, M. D.,, of 2 001 Arch-st.
PT deiphia, and now at dt. Nicholas Hoel, where he cau Le visite
at Hoom 392 until tie 16th ins’. Also cures Fisiula, Flesure of the Anus,
Frolapsns, Stricture, and ail Ulecratious of the lower Bowel Charges
inaderate, All consultations free.
IGHT LOCOMOTIVER FOR NARROW
Bd Gange Railry cuniracton’ use, colstiuction, shitting, wood g
rails, furnaces. and mille, quarries, mines; conform to steep grades, sharp
curves, light rails, uarrow-gaages, and 10% twencls. Send for circular and
Information desire. PORTER. BhLL Co. Viusbargh, Penn.
r, Al
NITED REPUBLICAN and CITIZENS
NOMINATION.~—For Assistant Aklerman, Twelfth District,
FREDERICK W. HAHN,
I EGULAR UNION REPUBLICAN NOM
INATION.-~For Member of Junably, Twelfth District,
JOHN G. BECK.
QTRICTURE, Fistula, and Pilesradically cured
b.J without the knife, caustic, or detention from hasiness; Impotence, Dis
eases of the Generative Organs. H'y A, Daniels. M.D, 144 Lexington-ave,
(2 OTHIC FURNACE—For Warming Houses,
NN Churches, Schools. Rend for book. Alex. M. Lesley, 605 6th-ave.
PHOTOGRAPHS. —New style Shadow. Porce
Istu Miniatare, $5 each. KR. A. LEWIS, 160 Chatham-st.
FYHOS. R. AGNEW, 260 Greenwich-st., N. Y.
Choice GROCKRIES, TEAS, PIS, etc., wholesale and retail,
BALL, BLACK (0,
sas go 393 Broadway,
OF
AL "AND IMITATION
BRON (CHANDELIERS
GAS FIXTURES
Ball, Black Co.
OTIS’ Ste Hoising
OTIS BROTHERS k Cs, No. 348 Broadway, New-York
FOREIGN GO§d
4
ATIPEST OF AN ALDEEBEMAYN.
Tiive
cnaermer tat
KEEP YOUR COACHMAN
IN GOOD HUMOR,
BY BUYING RIM A
RUBBER COAT
$2 25.
AND
PROTECT YOUR HORSES
RUBBER HORSE COVERS
At Ward's Rubber Store,
Th Low OALWAY, NEAR 20TH-8T.
i Bayi 6,
con STH,
CLOTH iE Rs
ENSE STC.K 0
FALL SUITS
MEN and BOYS
French Clocks,
BRONZES,
MUSICAL BOXES.
ALEX. IL. HAYS Co,,
23 Maiden-lane, N., Y.
Branch Store—Fiftecnth-st, and Unionesquare.
Entrence on Fifteent
ste
EE a gy et ihe fae. al. See. re sa 2
4
Ii" YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
USE THZSE
PERFIOCT LENSES,
GROUND FKOM MINUTE CRYSTAL PEBBLES,
MeFed together, pra ev ir their ume" Diamond 7 on accoust of their
"HARDNESS arn! DRILITANCY. They wil list mauy years without
SPECTACLES,
schaage, and are warranted snperior to all others in use,
MANCFACTULED BY
CPENCER bers) MANUFACTURING CO.”
NEW: YORK
car TION. Fone genvine ur lone 30 opel with oar too lemark,
Yor re pe ble Agents theomzbout the Union. Suid io this city
by tue tol owing Joweiece wd Opteron:
HOWALD No. ovo Brooiwar,
T. AIRKPATRIC K. No. 5 Broataay,
W. b. CHAPMAN, Jo. 1,840 Broadway.
A. CU. BENEDIOF, Ne. 21 Bow,
TH. JOHNSON ROMINSON No. 10 Bowegr.
R, P. 5QU MIE, No. 182 Kowery,
R, FERHTS, No, 23] Kighiou ave,
FP. C. GLEARON, No, 2726 Th’ i are,
CO. H. PHELPS, No. 67 Sixth. av
H. N. SQUIRE, No. 97 Init:
Gr W. WELSH, No. 244 Greens ich-st.
Tre Liverpool Lon
aon &F Globe Ins. Co.
Assets Gold, $20,000,000
in the
United States, 3,000,000
a5 William Se.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW-YORK,
NO. 68 WALL-STI.
CHARTERED IN 1825.
fi Invdind
bash Capital, 5500000
Insures against Loss
and Damage by Fire
om the most i on 1
rms
BAMUFL PT SKIDMORE, Presid
fs Ki Ee) FL, Secretary,
W. R “KL ty An 't Ree’.
NATIONAL
LIFE INSURANCE CA.
Pons
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Chartered by Special Act of Congress, 1868,
A STRONG STOCK COMPANY,
Total Assets, Aongust, 13T0.0.0iiviinnnnngeresse. $1,954 617
Tota! Liabilities, Angust, 1870,.....0000vuninnnns 937.848
Surplus. seecessasnnnaans sastessrsevsevens $1,016,759
This Company reduces by the contract, the first and all subsequent pre
miumy from 20 to 30 per cent a8 compared with those of Mutual Com
panies,
Duripg the last three years the premiam receipts of the Company have
gated $1,700,000, [ad it charzed the high premiums of Mutual
Companies the same amount of insurance would have tout ihe poliey
holders about $2,295.000, ‘The Natlonal Las, therefore, in thrée years,
made a dividend IN ADVANCE of $595,000, In other words, its polior
holders have retained Ju tds own pockets $595 000, which have
Leen unnecessarily exacted from them by Mutaal Companies
DISTINCTIVE FEATURES.
Large Capital (81,000,000 00),
Cash System,
Low Rates of Premium,
No Dividend Delusions,
Nearly a World-wide Policy,
Liberal Nou-Forfeiting Features,
OFFICERS.
CLARENCE H. CLARK, President.
E. A. ROLLINS, Philadelphia, Vice-Presideas
H. D. COOKER, Washington, Vioo-Presideat,
JAY COOKER, Chairman Finsoce and Ex. Commities,
BMERSON W, PEET, Secretary and Actuary,
JOHNM, BUTLER, Assistant Secretary,
FRANCIS G. SMITH, M. D., Medical Director.
RM, NEWPORT, General Sap’t of Agenoies.
CONTRACTS DIRBCT WITH THE COMPANY, GIVING LIBERAL
AND CONTINUOUS COMMISSIONS, will be made ia all parte of the
country, with eficlent sad reliable men, who proposs to canvass per
sovally for IAfe Insuratics. Address, Braach Office, Philadelphia, Pena.
ACTIVE AND RELIABLE SOLICITORS WANTED IN NEW-YORK.
JOHN J. PARSONS, Manager,
Metropolitan Agency, 3 Patkzow, N. Y,
PRIVAIL UWE wine and yo x ving by STEAM er WATER
AK
Cor. Voor, od Ls bhb ly New York,
Geo oldest “nd a lan wt entadliah mont of the kind in the United States.)
Descilpun lots acd catimates [i on sphlication

BRONZE
h§


1
vy)

AA
MAxTEL SET, CLOOKS With OAx.
DELABRAS, FIGURES, V Ass, &e., in
Great Variety Broxze Oye.
Croisoxxe Examen, Parsrep.
ENAMELS and Gir,  Aroeeiax
ONvg Styles of the Renaissance,
Le ais X1V., Xv. and XVL, and
‘of Brack and CoLoRED MARBLES,
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES,
TIFFANY Co.,
UNION-SQUARE.
J
I a a Er tha Hi a Ea
BUFFALO
ROBES,

WOLF ROBES, CARRIAGE ROBES,
SLEIGH ROBES,
LAP ROBES, HORSE BLANKETS,
SAMT JEL  SHETHAR Co.,
NEW-YOR,
IRON W ORK
FOR
Duildings, Dridges, Docks,
Parks, &ec, &c.
Having made extensi® additions to our Buildings and Machinery
25th. 26th, and 27th-sts., 10th and 11thoares, thereby srgrie
Increasing oar ‘mavafacturig facilities, we are now red boii d
all kinds of wronzht and cast-iron work for buildings ph other purpose
ith great dlapatch and ut extremely low low prices.
3. Bad. M. CORNELL,
EB AND WAREROO,
139, 141, ®and 143 Centro-st., NY.
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE CO,
100 and 102 Broadway.
THIS COMPANY, FOR ae INFORMATION AND
SATISFACTION OF ITS CUSTOMERS, MAKES
PUBLIC THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT OF THR
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE INSURANCE DE
PARTMENT.
GEO, T. TOPE, President,

INSURANCE DEPARTMENT STATE OF NBW. YORK,
ALBANY, Nov. 2, 1871.
At the request of the Continental Insurance Company of the City of
New-York, I bave taken the earliest opportanity soce the adjournmess
of the National Convention of Insurance Commissioners, to investigate
the atfairs of the Company, and I fud its cozdition to be aa follows
[ts assets, amounting to
$2,847,307 54,
are judicionsly and safely igtvestod.
Ita capital of FIVE BUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS IS UNIM.
PAIRED, and i$ bus 8 SURPLUS OF NET ASSETS largely is exowss
of the amount required to reinsure its outstanding risks, afer providing
for all otuer Habilities, including Chicago losses.
Its losses sustained at Chicago are in course of rapid adjustment, sad
leave the Company with abundant ability to afford indemnity to its cae
tomers and to respond promptly to Rll castomary claims.
The subscriptions to {ts voluntary addition of FIVE HUNDRED THOD
SAND DOLLARS to its capital are much greater than double the amount
to which the Stockholders are entitled, and the Subscription Books must
yet remain open until the 20th inst., at which time the subscriptions may
be juade payable,
(Signed) GEO. w. MILLER, Superintendent,
AGAIN IN THE FIELD,
MERCANTILE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF THE CITY OF NEW.YORK.
OFFICB, Neo. 166 BROADWAY.
Chartered 1852,
CABH CAPITAL vs tssiresse: ee. $200,000
Insures against Loss and Damage by ‘Fire on Baildings, Merchandiss,
I's. ehold Fumnitare, Vessels in ort, Rents, and other insurable prop
erty, on reasonable terms.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS,
WM. A, THOMRON A. R. VAN NEST,
CLINTON GILBERT, JOHN C, MARTIN,
BEN, Vo WHEELRIGHT, FERDINAND LAWRENCE,
JAMES SUYDAM, J.B. RUMRILL,
FE. H. OWEN, CZAR DUNNING,
JOHN M. DAVIES, JAMES M. JONES,
GRORGE MERRITT, JAMES STUART,
JOSEPH STUART, EBENEZER HILL,
ISAAC N. PHRLPS, JOSLPH *LAGG,
SAMUBL COLGATR, C. ABERNETHY,
WILLIAM BAETON, WM. WALTER PHELPS,
KR. VERMILYB. JAMES R. SMITH,
FPEPHEN PHILBIN, GRO, B, GREER,
URIAH J. SMITH, WM. A, ANDERSON,
JAMS STOKES, je, ELWARD. SMITH.
WILLIAM A. ANDERSON,
C. W. PARMELER,
Beereta
The injanction granted er” 31, 1871, on the application of Wm LE
Owens, was dissolved Nov. 3 and the receiverd immediately
hearing the arguments presented on behalf of the Company snd the
statement of the Hon, (seo, W. Miller, Superintendent of the Insurance
Department. The said Owens purchased 9 uver (3%0 Job, [i vac
of this Com at about amg ib w
books at wa the receiver was in the office of the Company with
the injunction before 3 o'clock, all the same day.
Comment is ungecessary.
MARVINACOS
ARE THE BEST
265 BROADWAY.


HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Office, 135 Broadway,
Branch Office, 096 SIXTHAVE
After providing for its Losses bf
the Chicago Fire to the amount of
$2,000,000,
this Company, with more than
$2,500,000


of Assets remaining offers reliable and
well proved Security to all
Insurance against Loss or Damage bY
Fire. CHARLES J. MARTIN, Previdest
J: H, WASHBURN, Secretary:
aod
New-York, Oct. 30, 1871. RD
HERRINGS SAFES
$31 BROADWAY, SURE MURRAYST, AT,
$07 CHESTNUT PHILADRLPRIA, PA,
CIMCAGO, IL.
£8 CAMPY.
KEW-ORIBIES