Ar nacments. etc. his Evermag.
6

aha acsmaas oa RAN A. gr A
Acanrwy oF Music. Italian Opera: “1 aust.”
Wire. Chast an Hilson,
Boor’ Ti EATER “Soloa Shingle” oud The
Sete Ow as
Lier AVENUE THeATER.—*Divoree.”
Grasp Oprey Hovse—=* Pai”
Lass Eowoin's TueaTeR.~Opera Boufle: Le Pout
Oc Bou nt Mie Aime
Nisnos Carp Qur Amerean Constn.”  Seth
RJ
ory veao Tirarer—* Humpty Dampts.” Pex.
81. Jovwes TreaTER-=* Catarina,”
Uston SQUARE Thea RR -Varicty Commany.
Wartson's THEATER. Rosedule” LL. Wallick.
Fvreee Tins. Po T. Birrem's Moseum, Men
Oe oper arairus Dasa oa Nig
New York Clnovs, Fourteentli=st,, between Third
Fou:'' aves
SAN aosersco Minstimmie.— Birch, Wambold, ete,
A.

o—
——e
Mort AND CitAXNDON
(CnaAMPAGN:S,
@f De Crore rials of Lad, sew or su'e with fis clans
bor
Nav Lown Sen. 20 1 7
AW NT Oops
Lee Agent for the
eee
STEIN TAY AND Song?
{i%ANT AND Uritii 1 PraNos,
nd lv, land Bex Mua. ANastraicd caloZace want free on
SPREE
WWoour noms, Seraswar arr
CIC ANE a Ferteathes, NOY.
as




APR a iE
ALES EEE AEE] Poreron's Toor Pewnrex,
i
fir Wanson Se Ttey Rew ING MACHINE
Tw Wy covers ft ane soar fhe world! nice, froma
get “in a L] "0 Erosdany,
Maree MNoviuis, NoucMENTS, Freon
Trica wo =tlesey Lay Masaf earer and Importer. wer Jouans
Br 2 poonoeve. Soro Yor te Yorks, 12), 025 14s Fast Jat


Woon Caer osine —459 Broapway.—Hoted
Fe reorsa ad therth i Yveur
CT
"Ret iv ir lia—=aner Lawes,
J

fra casi Asots on Aa Nnion ash Tine.
Q wowed 3 Ly "PD ACC ana T IN Ares Co,
EEE aE PEE I I ed
3
TERNS OF TL ITRILUNEA
Canny Tasvor, Mal Subieriners, S00 ce arnum.,
i
We FARLEY Twist an, Mak ~ubseivibois, 4 Pub Go te
Vek CL LIRU 3, Mail Rebs Larg, £7 Ler anawt

ty
Advertiring Pates,

Panny ®unnag, fe, due, Soc ve, and por tins,
iM. PRAY TRIGUN CC ena stesntan bonne,
RECEY YRIGUNE, 82, 87, ang SH per ine,
rr

Acer S002 lu 0 won a did pupa.
lems oth in odvar oo,
EE SL A aS Arr
REE

A ceoaer was sank in the Medd aradiean, 5 hives
tone ton =e haku of the Price of Wales 1s
Bon Ade au BOverad persons dave heen injured Dy
fal Wa, Toot aa Boothad Tae Lirporor of
CGeripany boa neon to pr hot to ae tie Sanda
Bona aay eo rsbon «a Gerlay 1: deg ont an oa
pod wn nga’ ot Lindl,



A fer he grow gor has bean exer once jon tia
ei ves ag iose, Fie Cota hes ine
e proc d 1 eh sla Texas, c= ore were sd dedi his
fiona vali von Canaan Las well Montlon
ovaries ven bis Views Gl che JSreniendha en
ton, he otacial returns go othe opuoke au nae
Ret ar aver ce mpiority of over Laos,


oe dmon hoonblican Gener Coianaitesdeddie de
op estionop Sate Conmit FT adaon wi iia
fH oaivend Reprddivaas, Jeier. Jo=cphine Mona
Pel ten ied the Posi Bibel suit before Junie: Bish,
The Grad Dake made a hacbor excursion, satur
cay, asthe ast of Goad Mebowelly aud atten ier the
CGorecn TMureh, on Beco ud-ave,, yesterday, ooo: Thirteen
1
pegied mon.
i
oreo ool re Tinie ny Alerueh are decid
®ivi ted, (FIRE MS LOM HEN

ihe ion, Moutzemery Birr is a free tater
pud nev or par ieorions of Lis opinions, Our
Veo hi can correspondent hos lately had rome
conver ation woh this veleran podideian, and
Lis rope 1, pablisaed in another eoluran, will
Lo found anmsing, though it is quite possible
that nov vhe lanch will not be altvzether
1ody to accept the conclusions, nor the Listorie
vod aes oor of the statein tts, or the justice
of the ex-1 os naster-Geners ss conclisiols,
Just voy Pern is not Loilor off politically
Con Sevico, hinitaticg the Prereh Rep abli
eores boo ident alta is suppressing the news.
pipers, and dewts LD Nacional, the deaamg
yore Sod Pom tee right of 1rdl tronsamission.
A0the voeent oction, Pardo end Conela, eau
do lues ov the Presidency, uni‘ed in armed
oo enots to prevent the partisans of Eclieniiue
and other eondiirtes fro making demonsira
tons, recdent Dalta pow seeks to set aside
the lection as illegal, Pardo was seecessiul
in the canvass, and will, of conrvse, pro
“ponnee,” and there will be a pevolution.
Peru is uscd to revolutions, however.


I'he Bolsizns have gained a popular victory,
M. de Decker, latery appointed Governor of
Luabarg, had corned much disfavor by his
aoctariat and illiberal condnet when Minister
of the Interior, speciadly with reference to the
public schools, The poprlace of Brussels rose
vp and protested; this was of no avail,
Then they smashed the windows of the ob
noxious de Decker, and, though put down by
the police, kept up such a lively general
attack, that he wes forced to resign in order
to “allay the of tement.,” So Limburg will
Lave another Governor, and the Belgians more
courage for the next dononstration against the
(.oveTINIC iL.





The Special Cor espondent of Tur TrisUNk
$1 Sonth Carolina, who has heretofore sent us
some ugly facta relative to the financial
condition of that State, vow furnishes a
complete statement of its present indebted
ness. The exhibit is shameful and disheart
ening. It reveals a state of facts which
could only have been brought about by
cither the grossest stupidity or down
right rascality. Most people will think that
the stealing, rather than the blunder, has been
fmmense. The debt hus been repeatedly pub
lished at $3,665,908, but a minute investiga
tion shows that it is over £15,000000. Here is
a discrepaney whieh ean be explained on no
apparent theory save one that shall implicate
the Governor, State Financial Agent, aud a
far fut Merri:
At last Tae TRIBUNE'S oft-repeated and per
eistend demand that Controller Connolly should
be arrested has been gratified. We have all
wong held that Mr. Connolly, though more
cunning than Mr. Wm. M. Tweed, could not
Ve less guilty. Like Mayor ILall, he had every
ppportunity of being acquainted with all the
financial machinery of the City Government,
und, more than this, he knew exactly where,
when and how every division of the stolen
property was made. Mayor Hall sat and
eigned the fraudulent warrants as though he
were a machine without any moral or legal
responsibihty, Mr. Connolly had the last
Liandling of the warrants and so-called vouch
ers; he knew, if anybody did, where the “extra
margins” of these bills went, and who divided
Alem. That evidence of his eriminal com
plicity has been in existence we have alwiys
gaaintained; at Yast we have the satisfaction
of secmng the charge distinetly made, in legal
trsutess Xotlires
EW pot Uti nore Gl odie’ dd peterns
of the be eTeetion da this sate. Ie wit be
coe thot the prran dl resalt peesenia many
gratiivioo Lonaoes oo the friends of preform
rnd pale woverintadid, asiae foom the central
frei tae Cee Boeonbilean ticket has been
chosen aud tat we hava the Legislatore by
2% to Sin the Senate, and 47 10 310 In ihe As
seizldy,  Senibied’s wggelly in the Slate
is 3000 und thai of the rest of
the Shae tichot will average ahoat 31,000,
Ie 18 noticeable that onside of the Clty of
New-York ihe Dommdlican candikiaces for
Senator Lave Limger majoriies dia the State
officers, and the Asscnibiymen even larger
then these, Serine mdorty ontsida of
New-York City ds 45002, bat tha of the
Senators is 60021 Vhs shows thal the
Re puiniean cave ness displayed in putting
tha Let men ia powinaton has been well
rev oinded, Where donbdul Repablicans ran,
Oey hove dost; bat, ana gread anegorly ol
Pastiznecs, boner ond capible men have been
prtoup oy the Pepevlicms, and they line
boeen tea Dandy elected over tannted or sus.
«Por Torereye, New.)
7 nar HP 1 Fi 75-4 FR ase
ole 2 AY rat, Reed
ER
We NUVIM IO
a Fee
H 8 KF 2:39 2%} $34 ei

COMere tag wind of opposition which calls far LiTerent
treatment, and to that we wish to cull the attentin of
our readers to-day. Hs chief mouthpiece is Tie New
York Tuisrsy, and its leaders in this siute are Senator
Touton and Horner Greeley. bd
Le Ale Greeley's cree Qiffers fnmany respeets from that
1 Senator Fenton, sud an the main io dillors for the
wor=c. Mr Greeley has committed the tn
pedong £000y of berudibing inset To enteric as
ol securing the Yeosideney jor boon? "ees
—Such imputations as the above may scem
to deserve counnent,
Within the last six or oizht months, the
Editor of this journal has received some tiirty
or forty letters—moinly from private persons
—proposing that he should be a candid te for
nest President, That Le has answered few
of these overtu-es was owing to no Joditer
nih reali or aficeted, bat to lus presump
dion that eandidates are to be made by others
{lun themselves, There was no donb that, if
caosen to that hich eflice, he vould accept i
—do vou happen to know any one who wonld
Bot ’—so that he wos the last, instead of the
first, to Le addressad on the subject. But no
one was more fully aware than Le that sach
a summer as these overtures contemplated is
not made by a dozen strazzling svuallows; and
then many important eveits mast iptervene
YWwefore the proper tme for opening the
Presidential canvass of 1=.2 Ilenee, so for
ax he found time to auswer at all, the spirit
of his answers to these volunteer correspondents
1s fairly eviaced in that ouly owe of hem
which he remembers having seen in print, It
I~ us follows:



LEAVENWORTH CITY, Kansas, Avr. oe, all
Ion. Horst GRELLLY
V
Dra ste: Your many friends in Kans desire to Have
your views fu relation to your naine being brought be-
fore the rext National R putlican Convention, .u 1872,
for novanation for President. Without! any disrespect io
Gen. Crant, we believe that no livin s American atates.
wan has the clains of yoursell for President. Very re.
epectiually, your friend, WILLIAM LAXIMER.
New-York Trirtse Ovpler,
NEW YORK, May 4.1471
My pEAL Sir: Thave yours of the 20th, asking pointed
questions with recard to our political future. IT must re.
spond in great haste. Ttust never henceforth to be an
aspirant for any oftlee or political position whatever
but, I fu ly purpose, also, never to dechne any arty or
responsibility which my palitical friends shull sce tit to
devolve upon me, and of which I'shall be able to fun
the obligations without negleeting older and more in
perative duties. T have not yet tormed a decided opinion
as to the wan who ought to be our next Republica can:
didate for President; but it seems to me advisale that
he shondd bea steadfast, consistent believer in the good
old Whig doctrine of One Presidential Term, Yours,
HORACE GREELEY,
—So much has been said by malignant ad
versarics of his aspirations to the Presidency
that he respectfully requests any one who has,
or pretends to lave, a letter from Horace
Greeley of different tenor from the above to
give it forthwith to the public. And if there
be any one who asserts or pretends that
HL. G. ever solicited, or intimated n wish for,
his support as a candidate for any office what
ever, he is requested and challenged to publish
the fact.
It is very certain that he will never make
himself a candidate for President; it seems
quite improbable that others will ever make
him such. But those who have snggested or
may liereafter suggest him as a candidate have
exactly the same rights 43 so many other citi
zens—neither less nor more. If they be few
and humble, there is 80 much the less reason
for howling them down, or insisting that the
next President is already selected and all Jis
cussion on the subject foreclosed.
We respectfully protest against the acrimony,
the malevolence, the proseriptive venom, mani
fested by certain journals which have been set
on to clear the field of all intruders. If the
majority have already decided the Presiden
tial question, there ean be neither harm nor
danger in allowing the minority to indicate
thew dissent, Let the semblance, idea 80
freedom of choice be mawtained, and not
‘form, that ho shdred in the F. A. Woodward
divisions. The ex-Controller has been playing
hide-and-seek with justice so long that he was
probably more surprised than anybody else at
his arrest. But, one by one, the conspirators
are eoming to justice. Who next?

It Is not surprising that there should be
ominous (hreatenings of a sharp inquiry into
Seeretary Bontwell’s bargain with the Syndi
cate, when Congress moets. At first blush, the
contract for disposing of the five per cent
lorn, so far as its few details reached the
public, looked like an economical and sagacious
one. But all waited for more explicit explana
tions, and none came, It is unfortunate for
the Secretary that he haa found it inexpedient
to tenst details of his plan to the public. The
consequences have heen ineyitable—suspicion,
dispute, and possible misrepresentation. It is
now even said that the Syndicate not only re
ceive a handsome profit on the conversion of
the Five-Twentics, but also on all the bonds
scut into the Treasury for conversion by its
own agents, We trust that these criticising
moy oe proved without anflicient warrant.
U
OF conrse the announcement that tha Fmpe
ror of Germany has agreed to act as arbitrator
between the United States and Great Britain
on the Norta-Western boundary question will
raise public anticipation in this country. We
do net expect to lave the dispute settled in
Gar Laver because Germany has a warm regard
{or ua, bnt becanse we think we are right and
that Cerpany will be impartial, The line
Coimed by the Uniced States runs from the 49th
pasdiel in the niddie of the Gulf of Georgia,
duongt Resario strait to the middle of the
Strait of Can Joan 0 Puen, and thence to the
Vacifie,  "ULe bozlish cldim a line through
tha yo i000 00% Canal de Haro to the middle
of the ud de Puea, and thence to the
Pei. Between these lines lie fourteen
island: of no coceot vale: but the advantages
avervirg to ec Lor parly hy a favondde de
cizicd would Lo sgperior mavieation focilities,
PrESIDENTT tT
NEW.YORK DATLY TRIBUNE. MONDAY. NOVEMBER ¢7, 1871 TRIPLE SHEET.
“1 “o
“rw
sow
drown all diversity in 8 hoarse clamor that
drown all- diversity in a hoarse clamor that
no differenco exists,
It in now gonorally eonecded that our
next President must be a Republican. In the
ranks of the dominant party are many better
soldiers, thongh none elder, than hie who hero
pleads that a fair consideration be accorded to
the merits and services of all our ghle and
patriotic statesmen, aud that the office-halders
stand back while the tax-payers are nllowed to
come forward, indicate their preferences, and
fraternally compare notes as ‘0 thelr choice
for President in 199
GIN. SCHENCK AND I's cri s.
Tt is possible that the clamers ot an aor
ant prejudice may foree Gen. Schenck fo re
gig the office he is so well qualified to fill to
the advantage and Romor of the country.
This would he a fact greatly to be recretted,
We cannot afford, with our democratic system
of government and of socicly, to establish
the principle that no man shall accept public
office except those possessing such fortune as
to render them independent of any other
means of support. This 18 an entirely new
and unexpected development of the aristo
cratic spirit among us. 1's sudden apparition
coincides so exactly with the wrival of a Grand
Duke in oar country, that it in doubtless
la manifestation of the same spirit of vulgar
timidity and want of self-respect which has
been so often and so oftensively displayed by
American parveras in New-York, in London,
and in Paris. It is the same spirit which
caused the Prussian Imperial fanunly to pro
test against the marriage of the Marquis of
Lorne; which threw Delaravia into spasms
when Lord Chandos resolved to repair his
Clroken fortnnes by honest andustry oo whieh
on poor Howthorne to Blizh when on
Tnelich friend spoke of lL.neoli, and HOY IH
“When Pieree was President we had a Gen
tleman in the White Tone

An American citizen does nei, hy acsepiing
an oMee uplder the Hoaveranaat where ha ox

pects to render eer ain service for certain pay,
athidate Jus private tights or his individual
Die Has was right for Gen. Scheel to be on
Saveholder snd diveerar in the Bima Ming
Company the dey before las nomivation, it
Was fol Wrong the day titer, Arlo the mers
the Company vn que on we have nothine
to save We have heard nosnput ois agains
Ha rente or seivoaey {om any of Gen.
sehevel siti ss The unpardonable gin he
secs fo rove committed in their eyes ds
that Je das a share in an industrial
enterpise woreh 14 sefling its bonds in Bae
rope. Hoses apneecssary fo demionsirite
the irvocenee of this proceeding in itself, It
coidd Yeomde to ase a eolor of finae
pricty only 10 two ways--by being an viola
non of tien. Schoen Us speci mastinetions, or
hy bernz oan contrasention of astiblished
Sreeedenta We liave pot seen Gen. Sebenek’s
HST ons, we presario hits energeiie critics
nave not. i they comain amvihing restrainme
his freedom of action in these matters, let the
ance] provisions wheel hie bag mfnnged oo
shown, Woe are Board to conclude he has
done nothine of the kind, If he avers 3 mon
of esd spotless cliracter aaa be is, hie has
SUL too macht eotnimon sense to eomil 80
silly a fanlt,



Nothing con exonce, no Ah%ing but he Zrossest
IZNOrance can eabiain the assertion that (his
action is in violation of established precedents,
It is notorions that there is hardly a rep
resentative  1rom any Republican govern
ment in the world in this country but
ie retively encaged in advancing the ine
pets oo the peat ndnstricl  eniernrises
voans own eommiry. Mr. Munoz de Uastio,
Mio ster of Venezuela to the United States,
wis the head of a mercantile house in New
York. Gon Herpap, Mimisier Plenipoteniiary
of Honanias in Pans under the Empive, had a
Lire mereantiie establishment at Bordeanx.
Gabriel Logond, Minisicr of Costa Rien, was
President of an losiranes Company in Pans,
IF it be olbjecicd that these are not Amer
dean proecdents, our Minister in Chili
135% was in charee of 9 mercantile house in
Viaiporaico, and Mr. Breog one Chargo d' At
faires at Tama, was and sith 1s engaged in
business “here, Dut Ee most eninent instance
of this encire commatibility of publie duty and
private enterprise 1s the ease of Gen, John A,
Dix in Paris. This distingo'<hed soldier and
citizen wis, during the whole period of his
service as our Lnvoy, the President of a great
railway cornoratien, and devoted much of his
time cad eaereies to advancing its interests in
Europe

L
We do aot resember having heard a word
in erviticisin 0” any of these prominent diplo
mats. The attack on Gen. Scheoek was set
on toot by an Laglish newspaper, and imne
diately echoed from a vanety of motives on
this «ide. Some of his assailants are of those
who delight mm detraction sor ita own sake;
otl:ers have good reasons for wishing to sce a
vacaney created in the Legation at London;
and others—these the least respectable of all—
object to our Minister doing anything which
may appear un-English. For the benetit of
such we world remark that the Right Hon,
Austin Heniy Layard, Under Secretary oi
State for Foreign Affairs, was at the same
time one of the Directors of the man
Bank, and in that double capacity sustained
and gave all possible support to the Turkish
Loan bi 1862,
Harper's Weelly is usually =o plain-spoken
as well as foreible that, when we fail to come
prefiend dts meaning, we seek to know that
others are or are not eqnally unfortunate,
The leading article in its ast issue treats of
Presidential Prospects,” and argues that the
Democratic pity 43 so broken and routed that
it must seek to combine with a portion of the
Republicans in the contest of 1572 [tL objects
to such a combination, because
“The new Adwimstration would fmmediately remove
every disability, and the Bout bons, turning upon the
moderate Democrats who have acquiesced snd been par
doned, would say that by recciving a pardon the moder
ates had comfossed a crime, while they, the Bouri ns,
without confession, Lad regained every right. Such a
position, if the patty were tu control of the National
Government, would at onee restore to Ahe Lourbons their
lost leadership. Much of this untoward result would be
obviated, however, a8 it wus fn Missouri, if the Ropub
JHewns should remove alt disabilities: and the It publican
party is strony cnovgh, even if it ix wal wise enouyh, to be
maygnawimong*
Comments by The Tribune.
Whether a mensnre of General Anmesty,
postponed for more than six years fron the
close of on Civil War, would be *“‘magnani
“mous,” 18 open to question that it would
be eminently “wise,” does not admit of a
doubt. Our conviction in very strong that it
ought to have been enacted at least five years
ago, when it would have been alike wise and
magnanimous. We pleaded for it when the
Elections of 1866 had ‘resnlted in a AWeeping
Republican triumph we were anawored that
the Editor of Tue Triaonu would have beon
eloatid 0” (Fd Ti 85 Sanuth. dae a: onbagusns
of that trivmph but for that fatal Awnosty let
Ee WiISsbiod UF AMNESTY.
ter. Ho noither complained nor apologized,
but held right on. The States of Virginia,
West Virginia and Missouri, have since heen
lost to tho Republicans for lnek of that very
Amnesty which he was decid a sentimental
idiot for advocating.
But our puzzle with Harper's 1x the aceming
flat contradiction between the former and
latter propositions above quoted, ‘The Repub
lican party is strong enough, and ought to be
wise enough, to proclaim Universal Ammosty
that we comprehend and heartily assent to:
but why =hould the very action, which wonld
be wise and magnanimous in this Administra
tion, be wrong and dangerons if the work of
its nmmediate successor? That Gen, Grant
ought to fuvor such Amnesty, we heartily
agree nay, we confidently bopo that he will
do it in Lis Message next weck, with the
hearty approval of nearly all the American
People: but may not “the Bourbons” of the
South thereupon claim that, while the moder
ates had confessed a crime, they (the aforesaid
Bourbons) had, without confession, regained
every right? In short, why should that which
Gen. Grant ought to do, snd we trust is about
to dn, bo wrong in his successor, if the former
should refuse to do it and leave it to be done
oy analthier 1
TIT TILE TRUTH!
The Troy Times, speaking of the late change
of Collector at this port, and the objections
made to Gen, Arthur, says:
“It acems sometimes that tie trouhlo in this bnainess
of patronage and polities is, not thai the particule men
are appointed, but that other particalar wen are nod up.
pointed. There 1s whero the sane pines 8."
—No, Sir! that is aot where the fhoe
“pinches,” and yon know it. Oar objection is
not ar all to the partienfar men” anpoieted
or not appointsd, We Lave fuily shown this
already. Our o'jection is to the use of Federal
natronage to erush oat ene wing” of the Re
publican party and thus exalt the other upon
its ruins. We olyeet thet the Tite Co'lector
did, what his predecessor never did, srstem
atically proseribe and ejeet from ofiice every
tide-waiter who was understood to be (in
the slang of the day) a Fouter” wen. And
we olieet to Gen, Arthur that he Is the other
sclf of Morphy, apnointed to continue this
very woiki—appointed bcanise he o dE Ontinue
it. This we Lave already stated. Why do you
misrepresent ns!
he Dattsburgh Gozette outvies The Toa:
ide “Saving
CTar Trinese's man oblection to Gen, Arthur's on
poiatinent as chat he as on devoted Republics, and will
faith aly carry ont the principles of the pacty.”
What ean be said of tho: who eccenomize
treaqth tiko thant 1
10 MERCH AINIS AND SHIPPERS
She polities of the aly have heen
in some measure puritied by the late
storm which passed over Tammany
ial, The Corporation government lias
Leen partially geformed, avd we are
promised an honest administration, But a few
departments ave sUALecovinpt'y administered;
on effort 13 required to purify these; and as
far a3 the I'ek Department, Quarantine,
Custom-ilonse, and Harbor-Masters are
concerned this reform depends on the
joint and earnest efforts of the merchant
aad *hippers of his city. The revolution in
the City Government was brought about by
revelations of the actual  thelt of azbont
#6,000,000, and the wuste of an additional
£30,000,000. Immense as these sums are they
are only fractions of the amounts lost to New
York annually by the false Tammany policy,
which is destroying our commerce nd which
yet teqning to rin us though ‘fammany be
dead. That policy robs us Jess direetly
than the mere  izfamous one of Tweed,
Woodward, and Connolly, who approvri
ated millions on forged paper and
fulso claims, but the sums lost wre even
greater. We are despoiled by it net of wat
we havo gained, but of wealth which the city
might hope, under wiser direction, to gain in
the future, It robs us not only of what we
own, but takes away the means wherchy we
live. The direet robbery of millions of profits
is less than (he indirect loss of the trade and
industry whereby that gain was ceenmulated,
We have shown in previous articles that New
York has lost during the last ten years of
Tammaay rule $50,000,000 aunucily of its trade.
And this is not all the sad truth; the loss sill
continues at the sane ratio,
The chief causes of this great less have been
the extortions of the IHarbor-Mastiers, Custom
House, and Quarantine, and the mistaken
policy of the Dock Commissioners, We lave
shown in our exposutes of Quarantine outrages
the painful facts which have made our port a
terror to every shipmaster in the trade with
the tropics, in the revelations of the exactions
of the Harbor-Masters, who have taxed shippers
beyond endurance, and by exposition of that
policy of the late Collector which, by com
promising with rascals, encouraged smuggling,
and hy exactions on honest men imposed
a tax on fair dealing and honest traflie.
We publish elsewhere facts and figures which
show how the false policy of Tammany
Hull, even under compaiatively honest admin
istration, uses the docks and piers of the city
to drive aw.y the eommerce it ought to invite
and shelter, These wrongs can only be reme
died by the merchants of New-York, We ask
their careful attention to the articles we have
published and those which we shall publish
from time to tuae, They are prepared by
writers familiar with tho facta, from oflicial
documents and sworn testimony from the prin
cipal ports in the country, and contain conclu
sive evidence that our commerce is diminish
ing, und that the causes are as we have stated
them. These facts are irresistible to any
thinking merchant familiar wich the growth of
New-York and its commerce; and the moral
they carry is clear that the relief can only bo
had by prompt action by the merchants them
selves. There is no longer any power in an
thority to be dreaded now, as there was a few
months ago, and we trust that merchants will
not hesitate now, as they did then, tor fear of
“I'smmany proscription,” to furnish facts
and illustrations of the exactions of the
men who administer these departinents
for their owm profit and on the false
system inaugurated by Tammany Hall. Our
columns are open to them without reserve,
and we trust to agitate and expose these
abuses until a reform is obtained from the
next legislature,

To aid in this work, which is for their bene-
(it, we invite and urge every merchaut in the
City of New-York. ‘The legal profession has
united, under the lead of the Bar Association,
to reform the great abuses in the Courts, par
ticularly those of the Referee system, which
we have fully exposed and shall continue
lo denounce. The medical fraternity,
ait tho call of the Medico-Legal Society,
A preparing to obtain Jaws fom
ho next Legipluture which shall punish sbor
HbR aul prevent the heensing of abortiosiste
by bogus colloges. We have given full spaco
to the exposure of these abuses. Taz-payers’
associatbons ure forming in various paris of the
city, and action is to be taken to put down the
Assessors, Street Commissions, and others who
make taxes so high. We have endeavored to
break up these corrupt departments, and shall
not cease to strive further for that end. Now
let the merchants form ar,ociztions to abolish
the outrages praeticed on commerce, snd onst
the Harbor-Masters, Collectors, Commissioners,
and Health Odicers who prey von than and
the great sonree of tho c’ty’s prosperity. We
prope wm our hearty and untiring assists
ance.
Our maliapny friend, The Times, was heard to
compl iin, in the thick of the Tami sy fight,
that near of the grent newspap: rz came to its
help, and it was leit strnggline and shouting
with only the aid of Jumes O'Brien and The
Lrewing Mail. The compinint wus net trie;
bat The Tunes seemed (o believe in ib, amd to
fancy that ts mornings cotemporeries had shown
a gross went not merely of putriotisn but of
common humanity. Wa have, therefore, been
waiting, with some anxiety, for The Tomes to
help us in smishing the Referee Ring. The
public is eheciing us om, and the most re
spectallo men at the bar have given us the
warmest encouragement but we are mortified
to say that we get no aid from any prea
newspaper excep. that able and enterprising
journal, The Liocving Globe. The Fines on ht
to be a-horaed of itself!
But it mates vo great difterenee,  ochtineg
the Gratzes with newspaper elon would Le
as harratess as an nssandt with Chinese thane
der; and i) he Zanes were to call ever
Jiudee of the Supreme, Soperior, al Common
Pieas Coante no thief, mid every Referee and
Reeciver a ‘Fon ary Rep rolican, thes a doy
from row till nest Somer, it would not
hasten the yietory by an boar. The only way
to break «1p the fine ja to expose ais ino’
ties, 21d collect cvidene: to be esol azinot a
in legal orm Ta the matter of ¢posne we
have already dene a great desl, and we mean,
before wa hve inished, to do a great dend
nore. The Par Awsocintion Les appointed a
Coamitter to gift end arrange fueis for legis
lat, wotion, and embers of the pooles-ion
are answer ne err appeal to break the sioner
which timidity Las unposed apen thew, and
do what toy alone ean Goin proweoting the
reform and pasifying their enlling, Possibly
when a fey Judees have een placed on tial,
and the whole tiibe of Gratzes driven cut of
the Courts, Tie Times and The Hevadd many
diseover that something has gone vione with
he Referee Rag. We are not at all confident
tet Tie Tomes will wale up even thu; bat
The Nesald bos a way of finding out how the
vind blows aftor it ies heen setting stead ly
in one garter for 2 menth or so, and may he
trnsted to come up smiling at the last momen:
and elim the ert of whatever Tas been
doue. Tho poor old thing will beat Zhe 7000:
viel,
“Dear Dolly: To-night we play Las Lrlye
“paps, ibis too jolly” So wrote Mr, James
Pisk, ir, in one of those now famous love
letters which afer passing fiom the fair hands
of Jowphue to the moreenary Stokes, the far
sieqted Seward, and the judicious Sweeny,
were finally committed by Judge Pratt to
the enstody of an employé of the Lrie
Railway Company, and may perhaps
found safe and wnmntilated when the
Court orders their production. No doubt
much valuable information respeeting the play
of “Las Priceans” might be zathered from
these precios doenments if we could only
have the priviless of perising them. It Mise
Mansfield is to be implicitly believed, the
gcerets of the whole band are recorded thercin,
aud wore eminent rascals than one aie qiiik
ing in their shoes for fear the truth nay eo
ont. A little trath did get out daring
the examination of Miss Maewstichd on Nit
Curday. The briczans” seem to have in
cluded tie otiieers of the Erie Railway Company,
Mr, Peter I Sweeny, and Mi, Willem NM.
I'weed, and for a lone time the play was ir
deed “too jolly,” as Mr. Fisk very properly
savs, We kao, from the proviens confessions
of this effulgent warrior, that *‘an almighty
“robbery” was pat up by the Erie Ring, which
onght to have sent thie wholo ganz to Sing
Sing: and ovr readers have not forzotten
the civcamstanees under which the officers
of the company fled from the jurisdiction
of the New-York courts, and sect up
their camp at Taylor's Hotel in Jersey City,
It is not generally kuown, however, that
among the assets of the Erie Railroad which
they took with them on that occasion was the
person of Miss Muanstield. “7 went to Jersey,”
testifies the fair ercature, “wich the oflicers of
“the Erie Company, and the Railroad paid all
“the expense,” “1 remiined there with
“Tisk for nine weeks” “The money,
“suppose, came from the Erie Ruilway.”
“1 oceunied a suite of rooms at Tay
Clor's flotel.” “During the day they
“were used as a sort ef rendezvous hy the
“officers.” Of ecowrss, under such  eirenm
stances, we need not be snrp fsod to learn thet
Miss Mansticld atrdiued a elose familiarity
with the workises of the great FiskGould
Tweed-and-swoeny  econspireey. While the
“too joily” play ef “Ins Briggans” was per
forming at Jersey City, at Albany, at Twenty
third-st., and in Judges Barnard’s Court, Miss
Mansficld stood behind the scenes, and saw
how all the tricks were arranged, ‘The actors
came before her without their stage disenise,
The painted glories of theatrical arebitecture
were revealed to her in all their tlimziness.
She knew the robbers’ cave for a mere ~true
ture of cheap canvas, and the swaggering
captain for a wretched and amorous fool.
When the Judge took off his dirty ermine
robe, ¥he found him ua better than a vulgar
round; and when the curtain fell, and the whole
tribe of wvacabonds (rooped into the green
room to supper, she saw railway directors
chauge into shabby little thieves, and princes
of the stock market turn to drunken adven
turers,


The eharming Miss Mansfield felt that she
had acquired some valuable information. When
the opened her front door and threw Mr, Fisk's
gum shoes into the street, sho acted with the
calm contidenco of a Christian who holds a full
WA LEARY ahd wl
sift of trumps, IF Mr. Fisk wad not afraid of
his own letters, there were many of Mr. Fisk's
friends who ought to be afraid of those
entertaining epistles; aud the lady made
no doubt that she would be *as
“well cared for” in the futnre as she
boasted that she always had been in the past.
It was natural, therefore, that when the for
tunate Stokes began to sue Fisk for a large
frm of money, the Mansfield love-letters were
placed in his hands, as a means of explain
“ing” wome of the facts mm litigation; and
but for Judge I’ratt, there might have been
tring Hieron tare of 2 (he donde Rings rick
which Ene and Tammany so iong pricoraed
TULGCTS AND CRATZIES.
1 'SN 21 ]ed AN
in partnership. Miss Mansfield did mom,
She wrote letter to Mp, Sweeny
—no, we beg her pamdon, she only signed o
Jetter written by somebody clse—sho wrote
“a little note” to Mr. Tweed; she even
went to Albany to see Mr, Tweed; and she
reminded these tuo gentlemen, as friends of
Mr, Fisk, that it would bo wise to setilo the
ru of Stoles, and avoid he “seandalous
“disturbances” tot isi foliow a publication
of the letterse. Mi. Sweeny and Mr, Tweed
geet bo have been of hier way of think nz; ouly
they proferrcd to settle Mr, Stokes by means of
B Pratt injunction and an Erie Receiver,
Whether they have sueeeeded or not, iz a
matter of grove doubt, Mr, Tweed is porting
past the period when Miss Man els sean!
lous distnrbanees could do im any horn; and
Mr. Sweeny bas probably gob ceiving for the
misfortunes of his lute Wilies, but Mr.
Fisk has discovered tha “Las Brg.
“eans™ are Jolly po longer. Porn out
the lamps and clear the stave. The ply
i over, The merry robbers are tile on
their plumes cod tin-el, and going hack to the
disnint realitiog of iviisht, There shall Le ho
more aaronse and ean-ean, The Sheri Jiales
his watts in the door way, end the tice Loe
come when the “Uric mans most pay Sor thar
fun.
rr En LAE
The Divgharton Dopeblican ingles, “ip
Cawhed sorviee $2 Tee Tris NE =a inihes
this the rroundwork of its assanlt:
Cow aet er the Presiden should have aseeond term op
nod is ne nore mat er ot leo imaie coptresers vy, than
the roti of i Adina ation Craton ons seed the
question; 1 Procddont con oweunu-ly pnttial ad eee,
cedsinl f=, oo rling to ie uniforiag pr oetion, ter omg
patal, Arf row wor be en bvident fo putting 4
Land unon ove Chief Magateate, who fi not only
tow r of strepeth al nome, bat whose very nree has a
page poser amon fe cvenevervwhero, We Lav ne
bn tat on in saying tod ab aodindy put unon Gea,
Grant wodllle aa ry to Lis Ladied thao Slat the
globe,”
=f ts be so, then the balding of a ph.
Cliesn Notional Conver Con is a moel ery ond a
Yiond, Fo =tinmen sever] hendeeda of do.
Cates rem every section of tis vost country
merely to zo threoch oo vomeming lon,
would be te wate tre and aoney wo ent
inz a ewandling furee,
This writer wax on onpreti’es ina onrad
Cpewsparer ofiiee when the proet ced inti
pent party which walticd areucd John Gainey
Adams and Hemiy Clov undertook to recleet
the former in 122%, and eneeantercd a most
eruehing defeat. Yet the Administration thas
overiirown vas neterviensly oBle, uprichi, and
ceonemi al; but al did not avail, Since
then, nine or ten DProcddents have wiveld
to the cloe of Loar fist teas, and body
two of thom were pcileeted, thorch woven
sxpected gd ied to bes Isic a for-ietelnd
inference {rom these facts thet Presidents om
olice nce nouch caster to renominnte than tore.
1 Sis
Tae Trmese was <ouavely asked hy 77e Star
wheather it bod any proof that Moyer Hall wes
a thief, We answered No—we dul not know
thet Le had pocketed the Crys stolen Mitlions,
hit that he was lected and paid to keep others
from stealing them, so that, givee the money
wis stolen, it was not necessary to truce a
hore of it iato his personal pocket to prove
Lim enlpable and show that he orehit to vosin.
This The 1 mes nt onee denvaneed as an cereale
pation of the Muror! It now comes ont that
the publisher of The Times, beinz summoned
before a Grand Jury, and interrogated substan
tially as we were, gave enswers identical in
substance with ours, And we have not a donb
that he answered trirdy as we did. Ue now
resents the imputation that he has wiite
washed the Mayor. We can only say that he
interprets our testimony by one pale and his
own by its opposite,
The =oul of British I've Trade was in the
utterance of Load Drovehom ia Parliament in
1815—* Encland can afford to incur some loss
“on the export of English goods, for the pur
posa of destroying foreign manufactures in
“their cradle.”  Destrnetion is the honest word.
British I'ree Trade recently re-named Rev
“enne Reform” is war, 1t would seem that an
American, a volunteer or a hired mercenary
in a war upon his country’s Industry, was
enn nnboly aliionee,
Our Consul 2t Amsterdun senda the following ex
quisite specimen of Englichi from the Handelsblad of
that eity, Lae advertiser evidently felt within him
a gening for humbng, which could Gil expression in
no other language than that which oe of onr diple
matist3 sty led the American:
MEDAILLF of SILVER at New York
MEDALLLE of GOLD at Paris, Loadon and Berlin.
Tae very eclebrated AMERICAN-BALSAM, notwith
standing the great competition, preserve the preference
wherefore, (Cid 18 your question because every body
seontent with lise xpoctation and recoiumond this balsam
indeed,
The upder signed ave by experience of hunself follow:
ing the vorling of this ha'sun awd may be rejoicing to
offer an his honoribles fellow citizens and compatidots a
very excellen’ remedy to present the sally of hair, to
dissiport: the erysipelas; and than the greatest desire of
vaan consist to recover the linker npon their bald-<putes, it
is reading every day in the newspapers, but none an
nonee, as the under signed has the right to do it with
contract NO HAIR VO MONVVED.
The prevent imitation none thau THEOPHILE is sole
agent for the Netherlands, St. Nicholasstreet at Awmster
daw, Ladys! Perriwigs! curls, tress shall be dying
very beautiful iz every colonrs, of Holt haired to Hack,
Bony tnspection of a long wigt tress, with teen litfer
CNIS cours. (IU)
ie es
The dear old Elatherskite informs us that at the
oftice of n Hebrew paper in Western Rnssia The
blatherskite is regularly received and duly translated
into the biblical laneuawe.” The zentleman who
performs this valuable work has a heavy job on
hand how he must wrestle for instance with the
ads ertisements of Dr. Ascher and Mudame Restell,
and the scientific articles on ty phoons, and auroras,
and the celebrated hack-action earthouake bounce!
But if The HBlatherskite is to be pnt into bibiwal
language at all, why can it not be done at hoe?
‘I'he same article from which we quote nssures us
that there isin this city a gentleman who under
stands Russian, Arabic, German, Polish, and other
European and Asatie langnaces,” and who “reads
Hebrew with the pen and the eve of a eniae” Is
wonld be worth ten dollars week to hive lum to
rewd The Dlatherskite in manuseript with the pen of
a critic, and if it cannot bo turned into standard
Fnelish, to translate it at least into German or
Polish, or some other of those Asiatic languages,”
tn which it world be comparatively harmless,
ee
We observe an improvement in the method of
capital punishment in India, There is mfonation
Lhat the wurderer of the Lord ChiefJustice how been
Banged in Caleutta, That was the HebrewChiis
tian way of disposint of lum. Having been thus
dealt with to the satisfaction of the Enclih popn
lation and law, the body was given np to the natives,
who burned it, thus rendering the execution per
fectly complete, “The man is dead as to this world
according to the Luropean creed, and dewl as to the
next world according to (he Indian creed, since the
latter denies any possibility of resection to souls
when the bodies to which they appeniained have
beon totally destroyed. It was for this canse that a
number ot the Delhi monsters were blown trom the
ennnon’s month and there is this reason init at least,
that a being for whom we ean tind no better use
thou 10 destiny low, if finally aunded aut of 8x
isecaee, does lease the duiveiso hy so wach tas
Werle, wad lates