BR

i SETS oo TT NEW.YORK. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1871.—TRIPLE SHEET. PRICE FOUR CENTS.
Se
d-)
Oribune,

FOREIGN NEWS.
VNCATISFACTORY CONDITION OF THE TRINCE OF
WALES—SPREAD OF ™L SMALL-PON A
DIPLOMATIC APPOINTMENT.
LONDON, Friday, Dee. 22,1871
The noon bulletin trom Sandringham to-day
re ports that the Prince of Wales wax a little less quiet
Just might, bat that his condition is unchanged.
The Pall Mall Gazelle hus a special telegram from
Windsor, which represents that the reports which have
eeu received at Windsor Castle from Bandringham to
dv. are not quite go favorable that the pulse of the
Prince of Wales is higher, and that there aso priderable
anxiety at the Castle.
The small poxtprevails to an alarming extent in Bir
mingham. Epecial hospitals are to be established, the
sick are to be quarantined, and other precantionary
measures have been taken by the authorities to prevent
the further spread of the disvase,
Reur-Admiral Edward A. Ingletield, RN. has heen ap
pointed Naval Attachc of the British Legation xt Wash
ington,
A notice hag been issued from the American Legation
here to the effect that it is desirab'e that all citizens of
the United States intending to travel on the continent
should provide themselves with passports.
fuesday after Christmas will be observed as a holiday.
Tie Stock Exchange and markets generally will be
ciosed, and business almost wholly suspended,
{HE PRINCE OF WALES—A CONTRADICTION,
LONDON, Saturday, Dec. 20—5 a. 10.
The alarming special dispatch which was
puid shed in The Pall Mall Gazelte, vesterday, relative to
the 'rnce of Wales, has no foundation. The Prince con
f.nees to prove, and there is no increase iu his fever,
ee I—
HOW FISMARCK'S THREATS ARE RECEIVED BY
THE PULSS—REJECTION OF THE PROPOSI
[ION FOR THE RETURN OF TRE ASSEMBLY
10 PARIS,
rans, Friday, Dee. 22, 1871,
The recent dispatch from Prince Bismarck
te Baron vou Arn excites the French press to renewed
Gitterness axninst Germany. The tone of the journals,
generally, ix weil expressed by the followjng extract
from one of them, which says: The silence of the vau
quished fs the only fit reply to the insults of the victors:
orien of Blood has divided us; we learn to sufler and to
wait.”
The initiative Canmittee of the Assembly has re jected
the propositicn for a return to Paris. The Assengbly
to-day discussed the report of the Counnittee favoring
the smposition of 4 tax on INCoInes, ycepteat hose arising
from the rentes aud lupd., The members of the Lett
support the tax, while those of the Hight, and President
Tire himself, oppose it,
wa
The Count de Rewusat has made representations to
the Signor Vendsta, the Nalian Mister of Foreigu
Affiirs, complaining of the tove of King Victor Ewan
Les reply to the request of the French Goveruweut for
t! recall of the Chevalier Nigra from Paris,

It 1x stated that Gen. Chanzy will succeed Gen, Cissy
ac Minister of War, and that the latter will be sent to
Washington as Foouch Minister,
er
CNOCANIZATION OF THE NFW VMINISTLRY.
ORGANIZATION OF THE NEW MINISTRY.
Mavkin, Friday, Dec. 22, 1611,
Senor Sagasta has succeeded in completing
tLe formation of his Cabinet. With one exception, the
names of the Ministers are the same a8 announced yes
terday. Admiral Topete and Refior Angulo, after some
deliberation, decided to accept their portfolios. Befior
Groizard finally and peremptorily declined the Miulstry
of Justice, and Sefior Colmenares, who beld the same
office in the last Cabinet, wus tendered the appolutwent
and accepted it, or
Ea a
Tne Mmisters, with Sefior Sagasta at their head, then
waited on the King, and in his presence took their oaths
of office. The Mivistry now stands as follows:
BAGASTA........ President of the Council and Miuister
of the Interior.
MALCAMPO. Minister of the Marive.
DE Bras. Minister of Foreign Affaire.
CANDAU......... Minister of Public Works.
TOFLTE..........Minister of the Colonies,
ANGULO. ........Miuister of Finance,
GAMINDEE....... Minister of War,
COLMENARER. Miniter of Justice,
The new Government, it 18 rumored, will not oppose
the elcvation of Ruiz Zorilla to tle Presidency of the
(orte s.
——e
A SATISFACTORY BUDGET.
Vii NNa, Friday, Dec. 22, 1871,
The f crement i= made on authority that the
forthocnang budeet will show a surplus of 21,000,000
fiornk iu the receipts over expenditures for the year iu
read of a Gedicit, as war anticipated,
I
TIL ARMY BUDGET —=XNO FEAR OF AGGRESSION
FROM FRANCE.
RoNE, Friday, Dec. 22,1871
The Aray Budget has passed the Conuuittee
ov the Budget. The Minister of War, while maintaining
that ithe) military establishment of the country
should be fully provided tor, declared tbat there was no
1asou to fear aggression on the part of their neighbor,
France for an aggressive policy was opposed to her in
terests, Although there was po danger of war, stil), be
said. the nation should alwavs be prepared for the evil,
The ®enate has adjourned over the bohidays,
ctl
FLUITION IN FAVOR OF CONTINUING THE I'AYAl
MISSION,
Twe Hare, Friday, Dee. 22, 1871,
The Roman Catholic Bishops of this country
Fave united in a memorial to the King, praving han not
to discontinue the Datel Legation at the Vatican,
rn II—
THE WEST INDIES,
SE FLOLIDA BOARDLD EY SPANISH OF1IICERS
AVIEK LEAVING SJ. TIHHOMAS—IILR VALLK>
FXAMINLD,
Sr. Tuomas, Dee. 16, via Havana, Dec. 22.—
The United States steatuer Shawmut has arrived frow
Sumaba, Jor the purpose of recruitivg her crew. The
Au. tioan steawer Florida, after having detached
ter cow, started under sail for New-York, on the 1ith
et, The Spanish man-of-war Vasco de Nunez immedi
ately followed the Florida, tired a blank cartridge over
Ler and examined her papers, which were proved to be
correct, and the Florida proceeded on her voyage,
ETS SN
NC
Twelve days’ quarantine bas been established upon
vessels from New-York.
The United States steamer Hassler, with Prof. Agassiz
ou board, has arrived at ~t. Thowas frown Boston.
FHOGRESS O THE REVOLUTION IN VENEZUELA.
CARACCAS, Dee, 8 via Havana, Dec, 22. —Af
fours throughout Venezuela remn unchanged, Blanco,
Wile 4,000 men, 18 an the terior, operating against the
revo ationists, who are retiring betore the President and
wie prepaning for a inal stragele,
FXOPTEMENT IN CURACOA—A MOB DISPERSED BY
THE MILITARY.
CurACoa, Nov. 24, via Havana, Dee. 22.—
Great excitewent was caused bere by the arrest of the
Attorney-General by order of the Government. The
LCR gave rise 10 a demonstration by the people.
Troop were called out and fired upon the crowd, Killing
one perso gud wounding 19. The action of the Govern
bent causes much dissatisfaction awong the people,
Le tranble a from persona! enmity between the At
toruey-Geveral und the Governor.
AVYFAIRS IN HAVTI—THE CASE OF THE HORNET
CONMDERED SETTLED.
JacmiL, Dec. 8, via Havana Dee. 22.—The
cuse of the steamer Hornet is considered settled. The
a wan-of- war Baragessa remained two days off
Vort-au-Pringe, without communicating with the shore
he SoM aney fitout dispatch to the Government,
ug Bpanish Consul could
aiteca an. Beratore, si 1" hac Se FLL,
veal would land again. The Government
rephed in the affirmative, aud the Consul
landed aud reoccupied his Post. It is reported
that the Conmanier of the Zara Ken bh
Gover t BORA, pe the
wept to remove some  hwportant pieces of
Sune biyery from the Hornet thus rendering her unfit for
sea, but the Government refused, and the Zarugossis
sailed for Bantiago de Cuba, where khe bas since arrived.
1G sealed ta Filet vessels will remain at Port su
igo, ann Mois osict dewtions in settled by Lhe Was
p i eK
armved at Portuu Prince. 0 Presiden Saget Lip
FIGHTING IN SANTO DOMINGO DEFEAT OF
CABRAL.
Saw10 Domingo, Dec. 12, via Havana, Dee.
N~-Vrosdent Bacs bas returned to be capital. be
CREATsBRITAIN.
FRANCE.
SPAIN.
Al STRIA.
ITALY.
HOLLAND.
gagements have taken place between the Baez's troops
and the revolutionista. Cabral was beaten at Nieba and
compelled to abandon the place hastily. Hin loas was
heavy in men and ammunition. He lost even hk own
clothing. Gen. Pinental resisted the attack of the
Bucz forces successfully at Santa Guan, and routed thei.

PRRY. AF.YYY MIR aYIL WeWl BNE RR HAYS WY
Toronto, Dee. 22.—At 1 o'clock is Excel
leuey came down and rignified the acceptance of the
election of Mr. Currie as Rpeaker. Mr. Blake moved the
issue of writs for Routh Wellington and the City of
Ottawa, aud entered into an explanation of the Mivis
terial policy. He contended that the Provincial Govern
wente should take a position of DeytTaity in regard to
the Dominton Government. There should be neither
alliance nor hostility. Ontario should not interfere
with Dominion affairs, nor with the affairs of
any other Province, except when her Tights were
infringed. The policy of the Administration was that
there should be the utmost Parliamentary control over
the public funds. To hand over such control to the Ex
ecutive, would be the abandonment on lie pagt of the
House of its most og functions. The Publi¢ Pro
“vineial institutions khould be more under Parliamentary
control, both in regard to construction and regulation.
More stringent laws to secure the independence of Par
liament would be introduced. A bill to secure
extension of franchise would be brought down.
A scheme to amend and combine Courts
of law und oauity would be matured as soon as poseible.
‘The Adminietratfon would redouble its energy in the
cause of immigration, chiefly to secure a large influx of
agricultural laborers to meet the heavy demands exist
ing throughout the province. The crown lauds would
receive prompt attention, and efforts would be made to
wind up land sales in that branch of the department.
The timber policy would be Adopted 80 a8 to harmonize
with the general interests of the country and of the
lumber trade. The Government would camy out the
obligations of the country in regard to ORinary
railways, but submit to the House grants propose
to be made to each gubject, The new Government had
not yet full information on this point, vor iu regard to
the Municipal loan fund and hein and the Government
would not bring down, this session, a scheme for the
disposition of the surplus, He did not think the difficul
ties Jespeeting the award to be insuperable, anda com
prehensive plan could soon be matured for assisting
partly settled districts, and doing justice to the old coun
try. He indignantly Xepudiated the idea that ‘‘logroli
ing” would prevail in the Legislature if members were
teiired to pase upon each railway or other grants,
r. Blake went on to explain the formation of his
ministry, and defended the appointment of Mr. Scott to
the Commissionership of the Crown Lands. He had
with extreme reluctance accepted the onerous task of
formiux the administration to carry out the)principles in
JoWer which he had enunciated. He concluded by awk
ng the support of his friends, only, however, when he
Wits 1D accordance with their views,
Btu
It has been recently proposed in Birmingham,
to erect a memorial to the late Dr. Priestly, the eminent
Unitarian. The proposition having met with unanimous
approval, a committee was appointed to consider the
matter, Tlis committee has just presented a report by
whieh it is proposed to erect a tablet to mark the site of
Dr. Priestly ’s house, a statue at a cost of about $6,000, and
to establish fueh prize fund, exhibition or scholarship as
the funds may allow,
The Sultan of Turkey has written the fol
lowing letter, dated 224 of October, to Pope Pins IX:
“Mgr. Alexander Franchi, who har been sent to our
capital with an extaordinary mission, in order to mani
fest and to communicate the sentiments of gincerity and
affection which you are in the habit of showing toward ua,
18 about to go backwards (return to Rome). I have heen
extremely ratistied with the expressions of affection nnd
friendship which the above-mentioned has communi
cated to me from your supreme dignity, as well as with
your worthy letter which has been written to us in the
matter. I declare that Ialwars desire the increase of
vour friendship and the consolidation of mutually affec
tionate relations, and it is for this purpose that our pres.
eft letter has been written, which arrive, as it will, by
the grace of God, we sincerely hope that yonr supreme
dignity will have the grace to do generously everything
that is necersary for our mutual affection.”
The London Standard, a Tory ovgan, is
making overtures to the Whigs, aud suggesting a com
promise between them and the Copgervatives for the
purpose of opposing the rudical tendencies of the pres
ent House of Comwons, In a leading article of Dec. 9 it
points out that the Whigs Jare no longer Liberals, but
they follow Mr. Gladstone reluctantly, uneasily, per
functorily, imply by force of halnt and from lack of
courage to shake off the counection of a lifetime, A
leagle, oy AP be found among them. The
Hn the Whigs s obvious. They are at one with
atives onal t points, and their difficulties
coul at a #ip poryiev They are threat.
oped Ly common foe are they to run the risk of being
ng vy crushed because Hoey were formerly in arms
ngainkt each other! The Whigs are called on for no sac
rifice but that of Deron) apimority to one or ore of
the Conservative leaders: if, rather than wake that sac
rifice, they continue in obedience to Mr. Gladstone, in
alliance with the Dilkes and Taylors, Rylands and Brad
Jaugpe, they deserve the fate in store for them. Thege
are the views of The Standard; but there is no great
FoRatility that the Whigs will follow in the path that is
thus pointed out to them.

The Pall Mall Gazette of Dec. 9, speaking
of Republicanism iu England, says: “Not only do we
observe a lamentable divergence of opinion between
Meesrs, Odger and Osborne, but they both again differ
widely from the French Republican, and the American
Republican is utterly unlike any Republican on the Cone
tinent. For instance, what surprise and even disgust
must be cansed at the Hole in the Wall, and in the neigh
horhood of Lejcester-square, by the accounts given of the
reception of the Grand Duke Alexis of Russia by the
New-York Republicans. All the inhabitants of the ty
are jutoping on each other's Shoulders to cute a Ziimpae
of im. The wildest acelumations rend the wr at the
sight of hun, The greatest delight aud pride are evinced
by all who have the honor to shake hands with
him. His entry into the city is that of a Arama con
queror. The mob, in their eagerness to greet him. burst
through a phalanx of police and patiently submit to he
beaten back hike dogs, as a reproof for their teo demon
strative enthusiasm and all this excitement, this fienzy
of dehglit, 1s caused by the apjeiiratice of a younger son
of a mighty autocrat, who, after all, is but a very faint
reflection of his father's greatness. Compare this with
the grinding teeth and the clenched fist of the Parisian
Red, or with the violent denunciations of royalty which
proceed from the mouth of the English Republican, and
the conutvast is bewildering to those who have nuagined
in the simplicity of their hearta that there was an iden
tty of thonght and feeling among Republicans—that
they not only loved each other as brethren, hut that they
entertalucd a Wwotherly hatred for ali the pomps and
vanities of this wicked world, and especially for the rep
rescntatives of royalty aud hinperviafism.”
Jor Foren Coryespomdence See Third Pag:
REPORT CF THE INVESTIGATING (OMMIITLL
EXPOSUKE OF SHAKPERS,
The report of George LE. Webster aud of I.
Forster, Spec.al Azents of the Pension Office, exposes
the operations of ring which has been engaged in dis
honest transactions in Indian pensions and hounty
lands, These Special Agents, under instructions trom
the Secretary of the Interior, went to Fort Gibson, [dian
Territory, where the books and papers of Alexander
Clapperton, the late Pension Agent, had been seized by
the commandant of the post. On examining these, it
was discovered that Clapperton bad been employed by
John W. Wright of Wa-hington as his agent in the prose
cution of claims for pensions and bounty, and had re
ceived stipulated compensation therefor. Papers in the
cuser of claims on He in the offices of Pensions and
Kecond Auditor, full of glaring regularities and fraudua
lent statements, were sent to Clapperton for verification,
and were, Inthe interest of Wright made to Ajpear regu
lar and authentic, the seal aud indorsement of the Chero
kee Nation having been forged and counterfeited, De
clarations and affidavits in similar cases were
forged, and fa'se  eignatares of  officiuls who
eonld not write were thereto affixed, The
nawes of persons who were pretended to ne
SWOT ax WItDesker Were, in nimerous instances, entirely
fictitious, and the names of other persons were uscd
without thelr knowledge or consent. ‘The payment of
peusiQue and bounties to Cherokee citizens who had!
i in the war was #0 detained that the greater por.
tion wax absorbed in advance by traders who sold goods
for Clapperton aud Wright to the Indians, who were thus
forced to anticipate the Peukipk of their just duce, Be
fore the original bounty of Tudian claimants was allowed
or applied for, their claims were hy pothecuted by trading
thereupon at the stores of Ross, Gunther Co., and Ross
Brothers Co. Notwithstanding hig knowledge of
which, Wright, ar attorney, sanipd the applicants to
swear, as required by law, that tliey bad in no manne
sold, transferred, assigued, or in any way parted with
their interest in said INHIY or any part thereof. At the
same thoe it was stipulated between ssid merchants and
Wright that he should have ten percent of the full
amount by lim secured to them when such bounties
should be paid. That on the failure of the firms above re
ferred to the evidences of the indebtedness of these In
dian clahmants were assigned to their creditors in St.
Jouis as assets, und that thereupon sald creditors cu
wed with Wright (through his sou), that for all of said
Kidebtedness that should be to them paid through the fn
guence of sald Wright, be should receive ten per cent, us
had been previously agreed between him and the Gibson
werchanty,
Furthermore, it was found, on affidavits of the Indians
themselves, that a large proportion of the clahmanis
were defrauded of their back pay, and, though Wright's
hooks show tht the dues had wen collected, few vouch
ere for their payment to the lawful creditors appear.
Complete transcripts of the services of Indian soldiers
had been taken from the files of the Government, and
trandulent declarations made in conformity with them.
The special agents make a number of charges of irreen
Jar practices against Wright and Clapperton, and con
clude as folievin:
Upon the forgoing. lo convection with the lumpressions of a four
months sojourn iu ihe Lidiam country, we fev antionzed to ‘eapress to
on oir couviclivns that Ln clase ul Guturmuenl |ousbciancs Lave
oe shoseivily suniidied -n crime aggiataied by bei Waurauce and
THE NEW DOMINION.
TIE NEW MINISTERIAL POLICY.
FYORFIGN NOTES
INDIAN PENSION [RAUDN,
ee ee
defenselegs condition. The facilities for these operations were t
and were well fara, Jobin Brown Wriget (the som of J. W, Wright)
in the husband of a ("berokee woman. and by virtue of such relation a
citisen of ber nation. F. H. Nash, who appears to be Wright's cashier
and bis son's foardus. is snipe situated, Alexander Clapperion
unites ia himself the Gnity of aired Atates Pension st and the
PiMfesion of a Claim a, The offices of J. B, Wright, Alexander
‘lapperton. and Albert Barnea (Clerk of the Illinols Court)
were included in one undivided room. The Indian was an easy subject
upon which to eperate—unable 1s Syres Faglish, knowing little of
values, taking po note of time beyond the changes of the moou, he was
little likel¥ to detect an imposition, unable to protect himself had he sus
pected fraod. and in no manner escalated for a witness 10 convict hin
ovbressors of their erisae and bring them to punishmeut,
A RECEPTION RY HIS ARMY COMRADES—HI18
VIEWS ON SPANISH AFFAIRS.
Thé steamer (nba, due at this port since
Tuenday, arrived yesterday morning, with Gen. Daniel
E. Sickles and hia bride among the passengers. The ves
sel was met at Quarantine by the Revenue cutter North
erner, having on board a delegation of tho Third Army
Corps and a few other personal friends of the General.
A committee, consisting of Cols. B, T. Morgan and wil
lard Bullard and Gen. McGregor, went on board the
Cuba, extended a warm welcome to their old friend
and commander, and invited him and hls wife
to come to the city on the excursion steamer in advance
of the Cuba. The invitation was accepted, and the short
trip up the harbor was made the occasion of a jovial re
union of old army comrades. The cutter landed the
party at the foot of Christopher-st., and Gen. Sicklea and
his wife took a carriage to the Brevoort House, which
he will make his headquarters during his stay in this
country, Many friends made complimentary calls on
the General on learning of his arrival,
Gen. Sickles has taken advantage of the adjournment
of the Bpamsh Cortes; the breaking up of the old Min
istry, and the establishment of a provisional one, to
make a visit home, where he intends remaining for about
two months. He has important official business to trans
act with the Department of State, the nature of which
cannot be known until made public by the Department. In
conversation with a TRIBUNE reporter he expressed himn
self quite freely on the relations oO iniuE tween this
country and Spain. In a diplometie point of view, he
sald these relations were never on a more satisfactory
footing. At the same time questions are constantly
arising, owing to _Indiscreet actions of the
Kpavief officials in Cuba, which are calculated
alsturb the existing harmony. Such has been the case
during the past two years, but so far everything has
been rettled amicably. The chief source of trouble is
that the Spanish autborities cannot always control the
acts of their oMeers in Cuba, There are, he says, really
two rebellions in the island, one on the east against the
Spanish Government, aud one in Havana agai ost the
spanish authorities, This atate of things renders it im
possible to tell what may arise at any moment to disturb
the relations between the two countries, If the Liberal
party in Spain, the most advanced partisans of the
present dynasty, represented hy such men ue
Zorrilla, Rivero, and Martos should come into power
with the new Cortes soon to be elected, Gen, Siekles
thinks the time will be wost favorable for permanently
adjusting the vexatious questions now troubling the
pg the two countries, This Jany derires to
Ac op! a colonial policy in accordance with the views of
the United States Government, and which will resuit in
such a settlement of the Cuban question as will he satis
fuetory to both countries and to Cuba. There is every
probability that this purty will aneceed, bat the details
of the line of policy which it will probably adopi itis im
Fostitie to etate af present. No proposition looking to
he Jairchase of Cuba has ever heen made by Gen. Sickles
on the part of the United Btates, or suggested by the
Sian Government, and the General 1s very contldent
that no such DYoposio would be entertained for a
moment. Gen. Bickles intends going te Washington on
Tuesday, unless he receives other directions from the
State Department, Upon completing Dis official busi
ness, he rp x 10 spend the remainder of bis tie in
this city and State,
THT BINGHAMTON DOTHLEBOY'S HTALL.L
The Committee employed in investigating
the alleged cruelties counmitted at the Susquehanna
Valley Home for Children, near Binghamton, N.Y, by
Superintendent Van Epps, have made public their re
port, censwing the Superintendent and the Board of
Managers, Accordiug to the evidence given at the in
vestigation, boys aud girls at the Home have been
Ls i naked, taken into a damp and chilly cellar,
called the bath-roow, and subjected to a cold bath, by
being plunged into the water and baving it dashed over
then from pails. Sometimes, smart-weed switches have
heen used npon them while in the bath. This Van Epps
called, “healthful as well as disciplinary,” By
this wan's  systew, the children, after Jus.
ing in concert at the foot of their eds,
are put to bed hy one another, Van
Epps Joivibu thom after performing the pious duty of
listent rayers. latgor u
the water ones who Touma not undress meni do 4
adult was left in charge of them, and In case of sickness
they were compelled to help themselves ne best they
might. They were not perioitted to have a drink of
water frow supper—4 o'clock—until the next mornivg,
Their food was measured ont to them, and no child dared
ask for more,” none of thew possessing the assurance
of Oliver Twist. The food was coarse and comiuon, and,
as Vau Epps said, not what lie would give to boarding
school ehildren.' The sanitary condition of the Home is
reported good, and the arrangenfent of the beds, the
veutilation, aud the clothing of the cluldren, are cow
"MTR IM
NiaGanA Faves, Dee, 22.—=The Grand Duke
Alevis and suite arrived at Clifton, Canada, at 2 o'clock
this afternoon, He was received by the civil and ili
tary authorities, and escorted by the 44th Canadian Vol
unteers around the Canadian side of the Falls, The
Grand Dnke visited the Musemn and Jssed under the
Horse-Fall. He expressed great admiration at the
grandenr of the falls while in their Winter dress, The
party crossed the new suspension bridge at 4 o'clock p.
n., and took quarters at the Spencer House, where rooms
bad been prepared for them. The Grand Duke will re
main at the hotel until to-iporrow  moroing, when, alter
viewing the scenery on the American side of the falls, be
wil! leave for Baflalo.

BUrrraro, Dee, 22.--The Grand mle and svite will ar
rive here hy special train over the Central Railroad at
4:50 poo. to-morrow. He w be received at the depot
by ex President Fillmore, the Hono Win, Go Fargo, and
Myron Bush, om behalf of the Buffalo Cinh, and escorted
to his rooms at the Tifft House. A grand reception will
be given at the Club rooms in the evening, Sunday will
he spent anietly at the hotel. Ou Monday the party will
view the city and be entertained by private citizens, A
delegation trom Milwaukee presented an address at the
Falls this alternoon, tendering the hospitihties of that
city, winch vere accepted. The Grand Duolie w MN reach
Milwankee Jun, 2 aud remain antil Jan. 1.


I
Asvaronis, Dee. 22.=The Court met at 10
o'clock. State Attorney Revall stated to the Court that
the reaoning witnesses for the proseention had heen
cammoned bt were not present, bre Willian J,
Howard, whom they were very anxious to examine, was
HL. The prosecution stated, in reply toa question of the
Conrt. that they wonld close the case for the Stare ¢x
cepting as to the further examination of Prof, Toney,
unless the Court would consent to wait a little while
longer. Mr. steele, of the counsel for the defense, stated
that they wished to be understood as not assenting to
euch an argument.
After further consultation the State rested the case,
except as to Toney, and the Conrt adjourned until 1:40
p. mo, Taesday. In the meantime, itis understood that
the counsel will arrange to have two colored servants of
Mre. Whinton exannned, neither side acerediting the
Witnesses to the jury.
eve
THE SAN FRANCIS('O INSURANCE (GMPANIES
San Fraxcisco, Dee. 19.—=It is the Ocei
dental Insurance Company of this city which, having
reinsnred 411 it= ontstanding policies in the Comercial
Union Arsurance Company of London, will retire from
business after settling its Chicago losses at 50 cents on
the dollar. The Commercial Union lot only about
$50,000 hy the Chicago fire, aud no question of its sound
nice hae haan 4 ised)
PR—
CRIMES AND TASUALTIES—EY TELEGRAPH.
The steamer Seminole, from Boston for Savan
wali iv arbre on the Hedge Fence,” Assistance Las been sent to Les
from Boston.
....The dry goods stores of J. N. Hine (0. and
B. F. Nis<on Nous, un Coart-st., Binghaioton, were buried. yestenlay.
Lose, $44,200,
The whiting works of John Pettit Co, on
Newmarket-st Philadelphia, were burned, yesterday, Loss, $25,000;
iusured for $10,000,
Mrs. Clara Johnson, an aged lady, was burned
to death iu Kichwoud, yesterday, i) ber clothes tahiug Bre. She wan
stieuding the wariiage of ber granddaughter.
....Beaver, Miller Co.'s planing-mill, Creze
Co.'s chair factory, and oue dwelling, in Fort Wayne, lnd., were burned,
yesterday, Loss. $30,000; insurance, $9,000,
....A mixed train on the New-London Northern
Railroad ran of the track, last evening. sear Norwich, Conn. Keven
cars loaded with coal were wrecked, and a bridge torv cows.
....Frank Mays, colored, was hung at Grenada,
Miss. resterdas. for poisoning his wife. He hed been twice respited.
Me was overcome by fright and bad to be carried to the scaffold.
....Three boys, named Lee Grosvenor, Hill Coa,
snd Charley Follett, were drowned, on Tharsdss, in the Mushisnguwo
Kiver, at Marietta, Objo, by breaking through the ioe while skating.
....In the South Carolina Ku-Klux trials, yester
dav, Mr. CLamberlain closed his srguwent for the prametive it the
euses of Whitside and Mitebell. The jury retired, aud bad uot ieturved o
verdict at last advices,
Tho steamer Talmes has been wrecked at Point
Pedro, Cu), apd isa total loss. A vessel, which seemed to be capsized,
was seen off Gold Blu, Cal. Bbe is supposed 10 be the bark Live
Yauhee, from Portland,
..._ A car containing the maile, express matter, and
bagpupe, on the moruing train from ldispapolis to Terre Haute, 1nd.
by the Valalahia hue, took fire from 8 stove, ut Beeleyville. The car, mith
ie contents, wus eulirely consuived.
Willian W. Hill, agent of the Boy Mills, at
Kast Greenwich, H. 1. shot Mmself twice yesteniay, w suffering aber
ration of wond. Hie wife in pg to prevent the second 1hot, woo
here tl wounded, Lut it 19 bopel pot fatally, Hill jo heing, bet the ball
caved be ren bed,
ARRIVAL OF GEN. SICKLES.
I
THE CRAND DUKE AT NIAGARA.
THE WHARTON TRIAL,
MISERIES OF THE RING.
CONNOLLY’S UNPAID MARKET BILLS.
HIS LEVIES ON MARKET MEN DURING FOUR
YEARS—UNPROFITABLE STEWARDSHIP OF THE
SUPERINTENDENT OF MARKETS—AN ATTACH
MENT GRANTED AGAINST THE EXCONTROL
LER'S PROPERTY.
An application was made yesterday by D.
'T. McMahon to Judge Larremore, in Common Pleas,
Bpecial Term, for an attachment against tho property of
Richard B. Connolly, ex-Controller, at the suit of Patrick
Carroll. The affidavits on which the application wae
bared allege that the plaintiff has a cause of action
aguinst the defendaut for $13,368 76, with interest from
Jan. 1, 1869. The grounds of action are that during the
years 1867, 1868, and 1869, and a portion of the
year 1870, plalntif was Collector avd then
Superintendent of Markets in this city, to which
position he was appointed by defendant with whom be
"had for years maintained friendly relations; that while
holding such position, he frequently made purchases of
provisions for and at defendant's request, such as meat,
vegetables, fish, groceries, fruits, oysters, ales, cider,
liquors, and other articles, all of which were delivered
to defendant's family and consumed by them, except a
few things which were sent as presents, by his request,
to his relatives and friends; that the bills were paid by
plaintiff with the understanding that they should be
repaid him by defendant; that after a certain period
had elapsed, plaintiff requested repayment, when
defendant suggested that it would be better to allow
the account to run on until it amounted to
a large sum; that plaintiff, having confidence
in defendant's friendship and integrity, consented, and
contin‘ied to furnish him with provisions and supplies as
before stated until July, 1870, at which time the amounts
«0 paid out by plaintiff reached the sum of $13,368 78, no
part of which has been paid, although frequent de
mands have been made, and defendant has frequently
pronmsed to pay the same; that defendant has secre ted
and disposed of his property with intent to defraud Lis
creditors, which last allegation is based on information
and hie that during the months of August and Sep
ten ber lnat gross frauds were discovered whereby the
City and County of New-York were defrauded of
$6,000,000, and that defendant is charged with conspiring
with others im the perpetration of said frauds
and participation in the proceeds thereof, in conse
quence whereof defendant was arrested immediately
after his resignation of the office of Controller, and is
now in the custody of the Bheriff of this ¢ity and county;
that at the thne of entering upon his duties as Controller
defendant was a man of very little, If apy, pecuuiary
responsibility, and his wife was possessed of no separate
estate of any considerable amount; that soon after be
coming Controller defendant began purchasing real
estate and paying the consideration therefor, and con
veying the same to his wife, to be held by her for his
benetit, with intent to secrete the same, and thereby de
fraud his creditors; that these purchases hegan in 1668,
but that the greatest and most valuable of said pur
chases were made during the latter part of 1870
and until June, 1871, A list of the conveyances to
defendant during the period mentioned, with the
amount of consideration, shows a total of over $230,000,
most of which are in the name of his wife; one houre
and Jot in Thirty-cighth-st., near Sixth-ave., conveyed to
defendant's wife on Aug. 28, 1869, by Edmon Blankinan—
consideration, $35,000—was, on ‘June 13, 1§71, con
veyed to defendant's daughier, for the consid:
eration of £1; the affidavits further allege that during
sald period defendant made, jointly with others, pur
chases of other real estate gituated in Sixty-ninth and
Sixty-cighth-sta., both of which pieces of property he
subsequently conveyed to John Thompson and others,
the total consideration being $210,000; and that
very little real estate now stands in the
name of defendant; that about the time of the
beginning of active efforts to discover the perpetrators
of sald frauds, defendant was possessed of a largo
haa No Stan Mev sseLS consisting of bonds of the
‘United Btates and other securftice, which he bas since
assigned to his wife and children; and among other
transfers so made with intent to defraud his creditors
was £500,000 in U. 8. bonds transferred to J. A. Fithian,
his son-in-law; and that defendant at the time of his
arrest had wade arrangelents to depart beyond the
jurisdiction of the courts.
4 A
Upon the affidavits the Court granted an attachmant
against defendant's property, which was imuediately
placed in the bands of the Sheriff for execution,
et
ACTION OF THE GRAND JURY.
JUDGE BEDFORD EXONERATED=—INVESTIGATING
TAMMANY BANK ACCOUNTS.
JUDGE BEDFORD EXONERATED=INVESTIGATING
TAMMANY BANK ACCOUNTS.
The witnesses summoned in the alleged case
agaiust Fisk, jr., or Mayor Hall, appeared promptly in
the witness-room of the General Sessions yesterday at 11,
but were told that the case would not go on during the
day. Atalater hour the Grand Jary entered the Conrt
rooms, aud the Forewan hauded the following to Recorder
Hackett:
The Grand Jury having, at the request of Jndge Bed
ford, investigated the charge made in a public news.
paper azainst him of receiving $5,600 in a fraudulent
manner from the City Treasury, are of opinion that the
said charge is unjust and unfounded, aud that Judge
Bedford was justly and equitably engitied to this amount
for extra services rendered ay Assistant District-Attorney
from 1x66 1o 1869,
No new indictiients were presented yesterday. Tsaac
H. Frothingham, President of the Union Trust Company,
was summoned before the Grand Jury to testify with res
gaurd 10 the accounts Kept with his Company by certain
members of the Tammauy Ring. Subpeuas have also
been served on Augustus Schell, one of the VieePresi
dents, and Yorace T. Clark, one of the trustees, Peter
B.Sweeny is a trustee, and Wheeler H. Peckham the
counsel of this institution. At 1} o'clock the Grand Jury
adjourned to 11 a. m. on Taesday.
An investigation, it is said, ix to be made nto the
affairs of the former Clerk of Washington Market, in
order to ascertain what hag been done with the large
sutus of money collected from the occupants of stands on
the sidewalks in Vesey-st, Some of the stand-keéepers
pay from $1,200 to $1,500 per year for the privilege of
using the sidewalks for their stands, uot one dollar of
which has gone into the City Treasury.
The same guietude which bas warked the proceedings
against the Ring since Raturday last prevailed yester
day In the SheritPs office, Juwes Fisk, jr., visited the
City Hall and New Court-House in the morning, his pres
ence giving rise to suspicions tbat he bad been indicted
by the Giraud Jury, and was about to deliver himself to
the Sheriff; but, after remaining about the buildings a
few winutes, he left. It is said that Mr. Connolly will
furnish bail to-day on the criminal charges against him.
On the civil bond, the following geuticiuen have signed
their names for the amounts specitied: George Hof
man, $100,000; Charles M. Connolly, $100,000 Washington
Connolly, $50,000; James M. Conuolly, $60,000; Thomas
Connolly, $60,000, This leaves a deficiency of $160,000,
ee.
INDICTING THE TRIBUNE.
Since Tur TRIBUNE began its exposures of
the Referee abuses and the Judicial Ring in this city,
frequent threats have been vaguely uttered that it
would be indicted. It appears that these reports had
their origin 1u the indiscretion or malevolence of certain
Judges whose names have figured in its articles on
Referees. It is understood) that during a late session of
the Bupreme Court Judge Iugraham in ja very violent
manner urged that his brethren fjoln him in demanding
from the Anti-Ring Grand Jury” an indictment
against the publisher and editors of THE TRIBUNE, with
a view, as he sald, to getting on the stand and vindi
cating themselves and their Gratzes” from the charge
of being connected with the Referee abuse. His fellow
Judges, however, prevailed on him finally to abandon
the idea, in the hope probably that the stornn would soon
blow over. The storm continues, however, and is not
likely to blow over until the Legislature takes the matter
seriously in hand. Then tbe Supreme Judges—sowe of
them at least—will have on opportunity to be heard, and
the Bar of New-York will have occasion to make good ita
charges, and to publish in detail the evidonee the Bar
Association has collected.
It was also understoud yesterday that James Fisk, jr.,
bad fostituted or attempted to institute proceedings
against TUE TRIBUNE or one of ita writers before the
Grand Jury in the Court of Oyer and Terminer, on the
charge of attewpting to defutwe bim. This was a charge
which for several reasons, -one being that it is imposai
ble to reflect on a character of which no remnant exists
—oounld not be sustained, snd it was waderstood that the
case weat Bo further than the Diatrigt-Atiorne)y’s ofies.
Reports to the contrary were flying around, but np to the
hour of going to press no warrant bad been served on
THE TRIBUNE.
J t™“§""”
McCUNN AGAINST TAMMANY.
A PROTEST WORTH NOTING.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: I desire simply to offer my protest at
your calling me a Ring Judge. 1 have been battling with
the Ring for years past, and they have been my bitterest
enemies. Ihave endeavored to perform my duties on the
Bench as ap upright and pure Judge, and I fear no inves
tigation—indeed I court it. I know that the highest and
purest in the land—from the President down-have suf
fered from assaults in the Press, and I a}so know that the
indiscriminate manner of assalling the good and the bad
alike has destroyed in a great measure the just denun
clations in the papers against bad men, and that good
men assalled are trying to console themselves with the
belief that all contained in the newspapers is not to pass
current; and while I can perhaps get along without com
plaint, yet, for the sake of those near and dear to me,
I desire—unless you can find aught against me—that you
will not designate me among the Ring Judges.
Hoping 1 have not trespassed, 1 remain, dear Sir,
yours truly, Jon H. MCCUNN,
New-York, Dec. 23, 1871,
[It is only necessary to say, in publishing Judge
McCann's letter as above, that THe TRIBUNE
wages war upon no individual Judge. Its whole
purpose is to stop the abuses of a system, proper
enough in itself, but whioh, through the corruption
of the Bench under Tammany rule, has become op
pressive and extortionate, Tammany has been
overthrown, and with it its vilest relic, too, must he
‘destroyed forever, To that end THE TRIBUNE will
ynot cease striving until it is attained. Judge Mc:
Cunu claims to have aided to destroy Tammany
Hall; we shall be glad to have bis help or that of
any other person to reform the Judiciary which re
mains as a vile remnant of Tammany, But, fo
whatever wrong the Judge may have been gnilty of
in his official conduct, he must accept the responsi
bility, and the certain pnuishment.—£4d.)

WHY PFTER B. SWEENY WENT AWAY.
It was stated yesterday, by a person inti
wate with Peter B. Sweeny, that he left the city owing
to bis Fisk complications, He feared the dissolution of
the Pratt injunction and the publication of the Fisk cor
respondence, in some portions of which references are
made to little divvics” at Bweeny's house, Mr. Sweeny,
just before leaving, sent Fiek word that he wae going
away “to be rid of him and hie prostitutes,” and the
next day took the train for Canada. The above comes on
authority that seems to make it credible, but is not
vouched for by Tie TRIBUNE, and is merely given, as a
part of the current talk of the hour, for whatever it way
ve worth,
rr tl
RUMORED FLIGHT OF CORNELIUS (CORSON.
JR AR RA A Ea I a A A a em
A vague rumor was current yesterday that
Corneling Corson of the Bureau of Elections, Secretary
of the New-York Printing Company, and proprietor of
The Transcript, had left the city to escape the result of
charges which were likely to be brought before the
Grand Jury. It was claimed that the affairs of Mr.
Corson had become complicated to such an extent as to
render hisdight both politic and timely. A reporter of
Tae TRIBUNE called at the Bureau of Elections and at
the oftice of the New-York Printing Company, and ascer
tained that Mr. Corson was absent from the city, butt
was asserted that te wonld return to-day. A reporter
who called at Mr, Corson’s residence, No. 179 Henry st,
wis told that he had gone to Mt, Vernon, but was ¢X
nected to return to-day.
rm
A TAMMANY LEGACY.
NEW-YORK OWES OVER $04,000,000—0FFICTAL
STATEMENT OF THE CITY AND COUNTY DEET.
The following official statement of the in
debtedness of the City and County of New-York is fur
pished from the Controller's office:
C11y OF NEW-YORR, DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE,
CONTROLLER'S OFFICE, Dec. 21, 1871.
At the close of business oh (ho 16th of December, 1571,
the Tnterest-bearing Funded Debt of the City sud County
of New-York was as follows

Btocks aud bouds bearine \aterust ht 8 and
6 per cent J yanumi, Je from
tite mnking  eusaressntessaesserccsesy $332,830318 50
Rtocks and bonds of the City
and Connty of New-York
bearing interest at 5, 6, and
7 per cent per avuuin

COUDLY .ravrrenssssnncnnsneses 29,070,000 00—$64,651,592 01
ceevrrerenns sutrasenenes ces
MOBY... covvunssssssnensgsssssnsnsnrsnsess $51,371,808 51
Tess uesets in ginking fund, consisting of
stocks and cash in bank on 16th Decem
DEF, 187). eeuuinsnsnsasscscssasarsassessccas 20,157,008 M2
Net funded debt. ..ooeveeeeneeaneoonens $07,234,715 49
TEMPOKAKY AND FLOATING DEBI.
CBeven per cent Asscesment
TBM sven ron sas ae nengs on vo" 31H050,700 G0
Revenue Bouds at 6 and 7 per cent per annum
CIty. anvil. $6,479,100 00
CC CONDLY. es annnae BEO,000 00—$6,5309,100 00
INLETEST ON SAMIC.. oeuaens-reaane 248,810 30
Due the State on Tax of 1871... 4,681,001 85
Uupaid warrants on the Treasury
City. .ovienineees $992,007 66
County...........1,168,679 31— $1,551,676 87
Balance, Park Fund, Croton
Aqueduct, and Ninth Dis
trict Court-House Fund.... 557,176 33—$28,259,071 38
The cash in the City and County Treasury
on the 1614 Deceiver, 187], Was. ..cveieeoa.. $6,959,919 62
54
TOA). corse ennrsnsnssnnsensssesesesssnness $58,833,807 22
In addition to the above Deut claims have
already been Desented on unsettled ace
counts amounting to AboUL...eeessecasasnae 6,000,000 00
Total ascertained Debt and Claims
presented, after deducting the Sink-
ing Fund and cash in ban veveeenes.. $94,533,867 29
It 1s known that a large amount of claims wilt Jot
come in for services rendered and materials furnished
the several departments of City and County Government
during the year 1871, which cannot, for want of definite
information, now be acenratoly stated.
Claims to a considerable amount for previous years are
also likely to be presented,
The Assesswent bonds, and much of the temporary
and floating debt, ar¢ redeemable from collacdinn of
assessments, taxes and arrears of taxes, but the amoynt
that will be realized from these sources is 1ablé to
duminatiou to the exteut that ussessmeyts are ungollects
able, wr SE, EY
There are also honds and mortgages taken on salés of
real estate amounting to $1,132,803 26, the proceeds of
which when collected are applicable to the payment of
stocks and bonds redeemable by the Yikiag und, 4
The carrying on of works, such as court-houses, water
works, docks and piers, Jeske, New-York bridge to
Brookiyu, bridges or tunnels across Harlem River, and
the improvement of Harlem River, under authority of
various acts of the Legislature, some of which are in
Jrogrese, will add, ina greater or less extent, to the
unded debt of the city, according to the amount of ex
peuditure that is required to be made upon them.
t ANDREW H. GREEN, Controller,
et
THE PARK BANK A CITY DEPOSITORY.
Chamberlain Bradley sent to Controller Green,
yesterday, a brief letter announcing tbat the Park Bunk
had been designated by him as a depository for the city
funds. Mr, Palmer of the Broadway Bank was at the
Chamberlain's office yesterday, endeavoring to arrange
to have the $8,000,000 of taxes at present deposited there,
rew:ain io that bank until the close of the vear.
rr
JAMES MM. SWFEFENY'B POSITION.
Chamberlain Bradley says that he has never
had io his hands the resignation of James M. Sweeny ns
clerk of the Superior Court, and also asserts that Mr.
Sweeny has not resigned bis position as Deputy Cham
herlain
THE MORMON TRIALS.
SALT LAKE City, Dec. 21.—Mrm. Robinson,
widow of the murdered Dr. Robinson, is expected here,
to-morrow, from 8an Francisco, to testify in the examl
pation of the alleged assassins of her husband. It is
stated that 18 persons passed through the secret initia
tion ceremonierof the Mormon Endowment House, on
Monday uvight.
Robert N. Baskin, late Acting United States District
Attorney, hue been ewployed "2 the Attorney-General of
the United State: to asaist lig the prosecutions against
Brigbaas Young, Wolls, Bond and otuers.
a—— I
TEIEGRAPHIC NOTEA.
....The Rov. James B. Taylor, for the past 25 years
Corresponding Necretary of the Foreign Mission Boa of the Southern
Baptist Couvrution, died in Richmond, Va.. yesterday, age 09 years.
The merchants of San Fraucisco have lost
heavily by the delay in the delicery of their holiday goods from New-York
by rail, fu consequence of the snow, and sowe of bem (hreaien suits
sgaiust the Union Pacife Railroad Company.
_...The largest amount of mail matter that ever
reached Chicago iu a single day arrived there vesteniay. The Pot
master was compelled to postpone the distribution of #0 tune of mul
matier, the post-oflec being inadequate to contain it,
....The Phi Kuppi Psi Fraternity, representing 33
tollege dosti, closed its aunual meeting, in Philadelphia, esterday.
Ges. Bingham, pustucaster of that rity preset and Theedore Tilton de
Neored (he onliva. 1 bative Buwver was thon d wiotus foo neal yeas.
THE NEW CIVIL SERVICE REGULATIONS.
TIME REQUIRED TO PERFECT THEM—WHAT THR
COMMISSIONERS SAY—DIFFICULTIES ATTEND
ING THE SELECTION OF HEADS OF BUREAUS,
IBY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE
TIME REQUIRED TO PERFECT THEM—WHAT THR
COMMISSIONERS SAY=—DIFFICULTIES ATTEND
ING THE SELECTION OF HEADS OF BUREAUS.
IBY TELKGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.
WASHINGTON, Friday, Dec. 22, 1871.
Although the President has ordered that the rules
prepared by the Civil Service Commission shall go
into operation on the 1st of January, it will prob
ably be some time before the machinery of the sys
tem will be perfected, so as to make it work
smoothly throughout all branches of the Civil Ser
vice. But little tronble is anticipated in introduc
ing the changes into the Department in this city,
especially in the Treasury Department, where a com
paratively perfect system of examinations was in
troduced 18 months ago, under which no clerk
has been admitted except on passing a satis
factory examination, and no appointment
made to the higher grades except froin
those who had had experience in the
lower ones. By the old system, however, a man was
appointed and then examined; now, the examina
tion is to be open to all, and the appointment must
be made from three, designated by the board as
standing highest. Members of the Commission think
that their system will relieve members of Congress
from serving as employment agents, as no political
influence can help a manu to a place nnder the new
system, unless he has passed the ordeal and is one of
the fortunate three. They also believe that the sys
tem will do away with removals for political canses,
by removing the temptations to make changes
under the old syste. It was not generally hecanso
a man’s politics were obnoxious, that he lost his place,
but becanse his place was wanted for some other
man, Now the politician will hae no assurance
that the other man” will get the place, if it bo
made vacant. But the difficulties of the system wili
show itself when it is applied to offices higher than
that of clerk, both in Washington and all over the
country, and the gronping” of officers referred to in
the new ruleg, that is the arrangement of them into
separated classes, is a work of no «in0dl magnitude,
which the Advisory Board” will Lowe todo. For
instance, the questions have alrcaly arisen, How are
heads of bnreans to be selected?! When a vacancy
ocenrs, shall the place be open only to copetition
by the officers and clerks of the burean, or shall it
“be thrown open to all applicants who may desive to
be examined for it. How shall collectors of customs
be grouped! Shall vacancies be filled by an exami
nation of all applicants, or from customs’ officers,
eigher those who have held subordinate positions in
the same Cnstom-Honse, or have heen collectors of
smaller porta, The Commission gave its attention
to all of these questions, but came to no conclusion
on any of thew, leaving the Advisory Board” to
settle them. a?
CURRENT TOPICS AT THE CAPITAL.
Nt AVERT sa ANA ARTF 4 A WeNNy NYY HW Whew
DOINGS OF THE REVENUE REFORMERS—INTE=
RESTING CENSUS STATISTICS =—ADVYELRSKE RE
PORT ON THE sUTRO TUNNEL.
[BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
WASHINGTON, Friday, Dee. 22, 15871,
It Is now stated, on pretty good authority, that the
recent gathering of noted Revenne Reformers mo this
city had more to do with President-making than with a
revision of the tarvitl, They were in consultation with
many leading wen in both Houses of Congress npon this
subject, to ascertain if there could be an agreement upon
a candidate mmwoug men of their way of thinking as to
the Tariff question, and if their views have saflicient
strength to warrant an effort to make thew a portion of
the next Nationa! Republican platform,
Gen. Gortleld Las, at the request of the Scorctay of
Rtate of Ohio, prevared a paper upon the resalis of tio
Census, ak far as they relate to that State, wich will he
embodied in the forthcoming report of the Secretary.
This paper has been prepared with mach labor, and econ
taine information of cousiderable valine. Among other
facts, it is shown that the emigration from and immigia
tion to Ohio has been very nearly equal-that is, the
number of persons who have goue to that Siute from
other 8tates, and from foreign countries, has been bal
anced by the number born there who have gone to otlier
States aud found hoes, In 37 counties, there bas been
an increase of population in the last decade, 33 conuties
have been stationary, and in 18 there hax been a
decrease. The counties that have gained are of
three classes, The 17 agrienltural counties of the North
West, which have been largely settled since 180, have
inereased #9,500; in mine iron manufacturing and iron
and coal wining couuties in the Mahoning Valley, and in
the extreme southern portion of the State, there Las
been an increase of 53,600, The remaimiug iciease has
been in the cleven counties containing cities, which havo
gained 175,000. In the rest of the State the gun has
been but 12,600, Tt appears from these figures that if the
cities are excluded, aud those counties which have heen
newly settled, and others where the development of the
iron and coal industries has caused a rapid indrease, tho
population of Ohio has become alinost stationary, the
increase in 10 years having been inconsiderable,
Prof. Hilgard of the Coast Survey has made some 1n
teresting calculations frown the last and previons ne
gused which show the steady westward movement of the
center of the population of the United States. Prof,
Hilgara uses the phrase center of gravity of the popn
lation,” which, imagining the country to be a plane
loaded with inhabitants, distributed over it in the wane
ner shown by the censug, wonld be the point npon which
the plane would balance, In 1840 this point was near
the eastern foot of the Cumberland Monntaine,
in Virginia, upon the 30th parallel of latitnde. In 1850
the census chowed that the point had moved westward
57 miles, to a point south of Parkersburg, Va. In 1560 it
was 82 miles further west at a place south of Chillicothe,
Ohio, not far from the line between Virgin and Ken
tucky, In 1870the point was found to have moved 45
miles further west, and it is now at Wilming
ton, Clinton Co, Ohio, The great Progress
in the period between 180 and 1x0 was
cansed, in part, by the rapid scttlewent of
Texas and of the Pacific const, The Professor thinks
that the relative growth of the West will not he so grvat
in the future a8 in the past, und that, thervfore, tho
center of population will advance westward at a winch
slower rate than heretofore. He estimates that wo the
year 1900 the center will be found to be near Bloowng
ton, Ind., about 40 miles south-west of Indianapo'is,
The Board of Eugiucers, appointed by the President in
accordance with a resolution passed by Cougress at its
last session, and which war composed of Gens. H. CG.
Wright and J. G. Fister of the Corps of Engineers, and
Prof. Wesley Newcomb, to examine and report on the
sutro Tunnel project, have completed their work, and
the report will be transmitted to Congress ou its reus
sembling after the recess. The Commission went to
Nevada, and consulted with the Superintendents of all
the mines to be affgcted by the tunnel, and it is under
stood that they were unanimously of the opinion that the
tunnel will be dY very little practical value to their minea,
One of Mr. Sutro’s principal arguments in favor of bis
roject was that his tunnel would drain the mines, and
ius save the expense of pumping the water out; but the
winers say that they aol about as much for the use
of the er removed from the mines as’ it costs to raise
it. On the whole, it is nnderstood that the Coinmission
will report that, while the tunnel will be of great value
to science in giving an opportanity to explore the lower
strata of the mountain, it will be of little practical value
in actual mining. and that, therefore, it is doubtful if
Congress would justitied in giving it the amount of
aid asked for.
Senator Scott, from the Finance Committee, reported,
on Tuesday, bill to relieve corporations and others of
half of the tax on dividends for the last five months of
we, Walch 2%, Interbdl Raves Bureau og] Hceiita
the Tt ere to refund or abate tazes
amounting to about $2,000,000.
The Seuate Committee on Privileges and Elections
have had under consideration, during the session, the
North Curolina contest between ex-Senator Abbott and
make are immediately
ee Hotidny ar Cron. Abbott's friondn claim that
legully there is Lio question regard: to his right to the
seat, but they desire to leave it unincumbered
side Lasues such as they feared the Houee Atanesty bil
would bring up if it were Pased withont Sietditent,
and hence desired the postponement of that bill wp
after the contest is seftled.
The Lixht House Board give notice that the obstruction
caused by the sinking of a brigautine near the Outer
Middle Ground,” in the track of vessels bound to New
York from Southern ports, is marked by two red asd
Uluck horisontal-triped spar buoya: placed obs ou sseh
aide of the sunken vessel, which to the North in
1) tathoma of water.
WASHINGTON.