NEW YORK HERALD
BftOAOWAT AND ANN HTHKKT.
JAMES GORDON BENNETT,
PROKRIBTOR.
AO business or new* letter and telegraphic
despatches must be addressed New Iobk
Hkiat.d.
Twine XXXT1
AIUSfiEllTS THIS EVENING.
ST. Ja MBS THEATRE, Twenty-eighth atreet sad Broad
way.?Cat a? in A?Baoou us.
ACADEMY or MUSIC. Fourteenth street.?Italian
Orcsa Mionon.
WALLACE'S THEATRE. Broadway and 18th street.?
BoeSDALB.
WOOD'S MUSEUM. Broadway, corner 80th si?Perform
ances alteruoon ana evening?Claibvoyanok.
BOOTH'S THEATRE. 2K<1 st, between 6th and Sth a vs.
Tun VioTiun?Solon Shinolb,
BOWERY THEATRE. Bowery Thb Pubmombnon?
BBABOUINO tub Depths.
N(BLO*8 OARPF.N, Broadway, between Prtnoe and
Houston streeia Olb amkkican Counts.
ORAND OPERA HOUSE, corner of Sth ay. and lid
Paris; oa. tub Days of tub Coumdmb.
A.IRA EDWIN'S THEATRE, No. 73# Broadway.?Or KB A
Bourra Li Post i>Bd soi i-eba
FIFTH AVENUE THEATRE, Twenty-fourth street?
Tub maw Drama or Divojtos.
OLYMPIC THEATRE, Proaaway.?Tub Bai.let Pan
TO MIME OB 11PMPTY UUUPTV.
THIRTY-FOURTH STREET THEATRE, near Third ave
nue.?NsaBO Bookstihoitiks, Yocalibmb, Ao.
STEINWAT HALL, Fourteenth atreet Ob and Cos
OEBT.
PARK THEATRE, oppoelte City Hall, Brooklyn.?Best A,
TUB MCDOBT.
_ MRS. r. B. OONWAT'S BROOKLYN THEATRE.?
OUBB.
UNION SQUARE THEATRE, Fourteenth at. and Broad
Way?Mkubo Aotb? Buulbsqub, Ballbt, Ao.
THEATRE COMIQUE, 614 Broadway.?Couio Vooal
UMBf Nkuko Ann. Ac.
BAN FRANCISCO MINSTREL HALL, 686 Broadway
Tub San Fbamoukxi Minstrels.
BRYANTS NEW OPERA HOUSE, 111 at, between 6th
?no 7th art.?Betant'b Minstrels.
TONT PASTOR'S OPERA HOUSE, No. 201 Bowery.?
Mbouo Eookmtbioitieb, Bcblbboukb, Ac. Matinee.
NEW TORK CIRCUS, Fourteenth atraet Scenes in
tub Rimo, Aobouatu, Ao.
DR. KAHN'S ANATOMICAL MUSEUM, 746 Broadway?
Science AMD Abt.
BOMERYILLE ART GALLERY, 82 Fifth ayenue-CAT
aim's Indian Cabtoons.
TRIPLE SHEET.
New York* Tuesday, Noreinbrr 38? 1ST I.
cojurors of tc-day's hfkilo.
Page.
1?Advertisements,
a?Advertisements.
3?Tile Prince's Pleasures: The Grand Duke
Alexis Photographed; Visit to toe Brooklyn
Navy Yard; Toe Imperial Party at the Opera;
The Programme I'o-Daj; The Proposed Visit
to Philadelphia?Dick's Distress: nailers on
Behaii 01 ihe Late Comptroller Coming Un
Slowly?News lrom Washington?The New
Tone Orthop edic Dispensary?Kapld Transit.
4?The Municipal Government: Meeting oi the
Board oi Apportionment and the Sinking
Fund Commission?The Bad Gas?King's
County Municipal Airairs?The Political Out
look: The Plotting and Planning for a
Reorganization or the City Democracy?
Thomas A. Scott and the Presidential
Question?Kunnlug Notes. Political and
General?Rosen/.wctg Repudiated?Tne Long
Island UR>le War?Citizen's Reform Asso
ciation?Brooklyn Affairs?The Commissioners
or Kmlgratloo?Prospect Park Pair Grounds
The South Carolina Debt?Tne Recent Build
ing C&sualtv.
5?Proceedings In the Courts?The Flsk Stokes
Polly?Mrs. Curtis' Uopeiul Son?The Blue
Grass Region?The smallpox-Personal
Noiea?The Brooklyn Bridge Tower Acci
dent?Anoi her Noted Tluer in Custody?Hung
lllmseir?Marriages and Deaths.
6?Editorials: Leading Article, "The President's
Financial Policy?A Prospect ror Reduced
Taxation and Specie Payments"?Amuse
ment Announcements.
T? Editorial (Continued lrom Sixth Paget?Impor
tant nom llaiy?Tne Prince oi Wales' Illness?
Teiegrams lrom France, Spain, England,
Russia, Germany, Aus'ria, Belgium, Cuba and
Mexico? neathcr Report?Peisonal Intelli
gence?Business Notices.
8?Financial and commercial Reports?Domestic
Markets-European Markets?cotton Crop or
the World for 1872?The suicide or Mr. Kopke?
Slgnor Aldama and the Cuban Government
Advertisements.
0? Advertisements.
10?Amnaemenu?Brooklyn Art Association?Mis
cellaneous Telegrams?New York City News
More Jersey Justice?A Bloody Affair In New
Haven?Shipping Intelligence?Advertise
ments.
t J?Advertisements.
1 !A?Advertisements.
Governor Soott of Sooth Carolina has
?topped all further issue of State bonds. The
debt of the S'.ate at present ia $17,995,306,
?ix millions of which is due to parties in New
York alone.
TnE Ku Klux Trials commenced in Charles
ton yesterday, Mr. Reverdy Johnson for the
defence. The jury panel was challenged by
the District Attorney and the Court was ad
journed.
The Empekor of Germany opened the
session of the Prussian Diet in Berlin yester
day. In his speech from the throne he re
ferred to the financial prosperity of the
country, proposed a general increase of offi
cial salaries, and advised the extension of the
system of railways. The Emperor-King is
an active, generous and enterprising nation
alist.
The Grand Duke Alexis and his suite
visited the Brooklyn Navy Yard yesterday,
and were the honored guests at a brilliant
reception given by Admiral and Mrs. Smith
at their hospitable residence. In the evening
the imperial parly attended the opera in the
New York Academy of Music and listened to the
rendition of "Faust" by an admirable company,
with Mile. Nilsson as Marguerite. When the
Grand Duke entered the Academy the or
chestra struck up the Russian National Hymn,
and the audience rose to welcome the royal
visitor. To-day His Imperial Highness will
review the New York Fire Brigade, and in the
evening he will attend the grand ball at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard.
The Pbinob of Wales.?The latest bulle
tin Is not encouraging as to the prospect of
the recovery of the Prince of Wales. During
Sunday night and Monday morning up UDtil
ten o'clock he bad slept none. The lever was
said to be Increasing, but the strength of the
patient was holding out against it. It is grati
fying to know that the Queen is constantly at
bia bedside. The unhappy condition of the
Prince Is aggravated by the fact that Her
Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra is
also UL It ia not improbable that her weak
frame has been overtaxed, and that she has
given way under constant watching. After
all wealth ia sometimes found to be worthless
and vaunted science weak. The Prince was
more easy in the evening, but the disease still
retained its hold. If in a few hours more the
fever doee not take a favorable turn the
XMooe's life will be in great danger.
rreMlfnfi Flnxnclal Poller?A Pros
pect for Deduced Taxation oad Hpocle
ParoMBtO*
Our speoial Washington correspondence has
conveyed tbe important intelligence that the
President will reeommend in his Message to
Congress, a sweeping reform in taxation and in
tbe financial polioy Mr. Boutwell has been pur
suing. This we have been urging for some
time past, and it is gratifying to know (i?n
eral Grant has arrived at the same conclusion.
Whatever may be said of him, or whatever
mistakes he may make, it must be conceded
that the President has the interest of the ooun
try at heart and that be is honest in his pur
pose, and that when he becomes well informed
on any question of public policy he will tako the
responsibility of recommending it whether his
views accord with those of the members of his
Cabinet or not. He sees now, undoubtedly,
that the policy of the Secretary of the Treas
ury in keeping up a system of burdensome
taxation is a mistaken one. He is prepared,
therefore, according to the statement of our
correspondent, to take the initiative in re
versing that. In this matter, then, Mr. Bout
well will have to follow his chief; consequently
we may expect the report of the Secretary
will be in accord with the Message. That is
the proper position for Mr. Boutwoll to oo
cupy?the position merely of the bead of a
department, or of a sort of chief clerk to the
President?for he has shown no capacity as a
finance minister.
It is understood that the President will re
commend Congress to abolish all the inter
nal taxes, except on spirits, malt liquors,
tobacco in different forms and stamps.
The exception of stamps, however, might
cover a wider field, and we hope
by this no large amouit of taxation by
stamps is contemplated. Spirits, liquors and
tobacco are proper articles to be taxed, and
that as high as they will bear it, without risk
of the revenue being defrauded or making it
difficult to collect tha tax. The best revenue
policy is to collect the greatest amount pos
sible from a few articles of luxury in general
use, especially from suoh as are rather in
jurious than useful to tiie community, and
spirits, liquors and tobacco come under that
category. The revenue system of Great
Britain, which has been brought nearer to per
fection than that of any other nation, is based
upon this principle. Not only do the people
feel the burden less, but vice is checked, the
revenue system becomes simplified and a com
paratively small force of employe's is required
to collect the dues of government Conse
quently the current expenses of tbe govern
ment are greatly reduced, and a host of men
are sent from clerical offices to produc
tive employment. The reform promised in
our revenue system, together with a
thorough reform in the civil service, would
reduce the force of government employes
greatly, save many millions of dollars a year
to the Treasury, and check effectually the de
moralizition that springs from offloe-bolding
and office-seeking.
But as the President has resolved to enter
upon this necessary reform we hope he will
not recommend or be satisfied with half meas
ures. The revenue should be cut down a hun
dred millions a year at least, and we think It
might be safely reduced a hundred and fifty
millions. Two hundred and fifty millions
ought to be ample for current expenditures,
the interest on tbe debt and a sufficient mar
gin for paying off a portion of the principal ol
the debt. The debt interest is less than a
hundred and twenty millions, tbe expenditure
for the support of the government ought not
to be a hundred millions, and with a revenue
of two hundred and fifty millions there would
be a margin of thirty millions or more for
contingeucies and liquidating the principal
of the debt. With the present system of
taxation the Treasury would derive an income,
we have no doubt, the next fisoal year, of four
hundred millions or thereabouts. We repeat,
then, that a reduction of taxes of a hundred
millions to a hundred and fifty millions can
safely be made. We hope the President,
therefore, will not take any half meas
ures, nor be influenced by the Secretary or
any other party in his action, but will recom
mend a sweeping reduction of taxes, and the
reforms needed. In this, too, let him not
neglect the tariff. A great improvement is
necessary in that. In reducing the revenue
to the standard we have named, or even
lower, there will be an opportunity to modify
the tariff so as to improve our shipping inter
ests and to give an impetus to commerce, at
the same time internal taxes are taken off
and the whole system simplified. It may be
more difficult for General Grant to touch the
tariff than internal taxation, as the protec
tionists are powerful and comprise the bulk of
his party but he is in an independent and
most favorable position and shonld look only to
the interests of the country. Let us have tariff
reform as well as reform in internal taxation.
With such a great reduction in taxation as
we have indicated the most important step
will be taken toward specie payments. The
country will bound forward in prosperity,
apprehension of financial disaster or a crisis
will be removed, industry, commerce and the
exportation of our products will revive, and
gold will go down. There will be nothing, in
fact, to hinder a return to specie payments
the coming winter. Gold is now down below
111 premium, which is near the value of for
eign specie in the difference of exchange, and
the government could at any time restore
specie payments. It is a hopeful indication
that we may soon reach a specie basis that
simultaneously with the promised revenue re
form some of the leading members of Con
gress are preparing to urge resumption. Sen
ator Sumner, who is now on his way to Wash
ington, is prepared, it is said, to use his great
ability at the commencement of tbe session of
Congress to bring about specie payments.
That is to be bis great work, and when we
look at his power and legislative experience,
there is reason to believe he will have great
influence in settliug the question. He goes to
Washington, too, it appears, fortifl-d by the
desire of commercial men, capitalists, manu
facturers and tbe people generally of New
Englaud for this object.
The greatest obstacle, perhaps, to a return
to specie payments may be found in tbe
national banks. These powerful institutions
have a monopoly ol the paper circulation and
derive an immense profit from that. It is
natural to suppose they will oppose specie
payments. But are they to stand in ths way
Under any circnms'ancos they would continue
to receive great advantages and profits from
the liberality of the government. No institu
tions were ever more favored. The profit of
a national circulation is gratuitously given to
them. They give nothing in return for that
and are of no assistance to the government.
Congress ought to oompel them to resume
specie payments at once. In their grasping
cupidity they lose sight of toe little incon
venience which, after all, they would be sub
ject to in resuming specie payments. They
do not seem to comprehend the wonderful
revolution that the magnetic telegraph and
other modern agencies of scienoe are effecting
in the monetary affairs of the world. Nomi
nally specie may bo the basis of circulation
and commercial trans lotions, and may be used
to a limited extent among the people in the
ordinary transactions of life-; but it is
no longer necessary for aotual transmission
or currency in large commercial transactions
or for use in the balanoe of trade. The de
posit of an amount of specie in one place, or
of value in anything else, is as good as at any
other place. The telegraph communicates the
fact and renders unnecessary the removal of
specie to any great extent. The tendency is
more and more to make the removal of gold
and silver in bulk unnecessary to regulate
trade, and the time is not distant when the
transmission of these metals will be of no more
use than the removal of iron or oopper for
that purpose. All commercial nations are
approaching to an identity of interests, and
values everywhere are becoming equalized.
The present postal money order system bo
tweon nations is but the beginning of a far
more extended system of exchange by paper
without the removal of specie. There need be
no apprehension, therefore, about returning to
specie payments. Gold and silver will be In
little demand, comparatively, and our mone
tary system would soon be equalized with that
of the rest of the world. Lot us have, then, a
thorough reform in our revonue to begin with,
and that to be followed, without delay, by a
resumption of speole payments.
The Italian Nation Crowned la Rome?
Opening of tho Parliament by King Vic
tor Rmmannel.
A Herald special telegram from Homo
enables us to reoord in our pages to-day the
consummation of one of the greatest, perhaps
grandest, events of modern history. Tlie na
tional edifice of Italy wa3 crowned in the
Eternal City yesterday. King Victor Emmanuel
opened the session of the Parliament in the
capital with a spoech from the throne. The
scene was animated and enthusiastic to a de
gree. It became solemn from the patriotic foot
ing which was evinced by the ohief actors.
The legislative bail was thronged to its utmost
capacity. The audience saluted the King with
an outburst of genuine applauso. His Majesty
appeared to be deeply moved as he advanced
to the throne and after he had taken posses
sion of it. The main points of his address,
as they have been specially reported for our
readers, were spoken in reference to the con
solidation of the kingdom and the future atti
tude of the government toward the Pope.
When be said that ".he great work to the
accomplishment of whioh he had devoted his
life was now happily completed," his words
were hailed with shouts of deafening applause.
When he urged "the necessity of conciliation
towards the Vatican," his advice was received
coldly. The very heart of Italy was presented
to the Crown by this twin expression. It
had engraved on it, "A free Church in a free
State, but a free State before all." Tho King
proceeded to say that Italy had reconquered
her place in the world. She had been re
stored to herself first. She was peaceful and
friendly with the other nations. Rome was
likely to remain the seat of the Pontifi
cate. llis Majesty does not trust to soft
words or the influences of the red tape
system of diplomacy, notwithstanding all
this. He "warned" the Parliament of the
necessity which exists for a thorough
organization of tho military and naval
forces of the kingdom, assuring the members
that the people will hold them to a strict ac
count in the future should they neglect their
duty in either respect. In this the King gave
proof that he is vigilant as well as prudent,
and thus justified his descent from his illustri
ous ancestors?him of the Hard Head and
the Man of the Hundred Eyes. Leaving
the Parliament House the monarch was con
ducted by the people In triumph to the
Quirinal. He stood forth on the balcony twice
after bis arrival, in obedience to their call.
Rome was illuminated grandly?and an illu
mination in Rome is always the grandest of its
kind?during the evening. The sky was in
accord with the King's subjects. A luminous
appearance radiated from the planet Venus at
midday. It was accepted by the Italians as a
light of hope, an augury of tho future oi' their
country. His Holiness the Pope remained
in the Vatican. The Pontiff was consoled
by the clergy. Thus do we specially pro
claim Italy emancipated, from its outmost ex
tremity to the centra of the city of Romulus.
The spirit of Cavour is appeased, perhaps
avenged.
A Riot of Alarming Dimensions has, ac
cording to our special despatch, tuken place in
the Cuban capital. It appears that the medi
cal students of Havana, moved by the spirit of
mischief, if not by malicious intent, have des
ecrated the grave of Gonzales Castanon, whose
memory is held high in veneration by the vol
unteers. This unruly body of men know no
other oontrol than that of their unbridled pas
sions. Following their bloodthirsty instincts,
they demanded the surrender of the
students who had been confined in ths jail, in
order to sate their vengeance on the lives of
the offenders. The Acting Captain General
has, however, had firmness enough to resist
the demand of the ruffianly volunteers. By
bis order a court martial has been formed for
the trial of the accused, of whom eight are
already said to have been sentenced to death.
This punishment would be so cruel and bar
barous in proportion to the Bmallness of the
offence that it is to be hoped, for the sake of
humanity, that the report is not true. The
Spanish government will not burden itself
with the terrible crime of executing these
young men for such a paltry matter.
A D suonkst Revenue Official in Texas
recently comimlt d suicide, thus putting to
shuino, so fur as conscience is concerned, some
of our own dishonest officials*
it ami a ArwlnB_prp,,,rat|#M fa tke (jeH|gf
('-??flirt.
A cable despatch informs us that the Lon
don Standard baa it on anqueatkmable
?uthoritj that Russia is arming on a gigantic
soale. Two fortified camps are being formed,
?ach to contain one hundred and eighty thou
?and men. It ia decided that one of the forti
fied camps shall be at Smolensk, and it is all
but certain that the other will be located on
the Galioian frontier. The Standard further
informs ua that theae military preparations are
directed more particularly against Austria,
because of the appointment of Count Andrassy
to the ohief place in the imperial council. We
hare no reason to doubt that the Standard is
well inarmed, or that this piece of intelligence
is absolutely reliable. If true it Is ominous
of war.
It is now some weeks slnoe we foreshad
owed some such complication. We distinctly
declared that the next great conffiot In Europe
would be between Russia on the one band and
Germany and Austria on the other. It was
known to us that Germany was making war
preparations on a most gigantio soale. It was
known that Austria, in spite or her Internal
troubles, was similarly engaged. Every other
day has been revealing facts which left us less
and less in doubt as to the tendency of events.
It is only a few days since Bismarck proposed
sod the North German Parliament consented
to the laying a?ide of a huge war fund to be
ready for immediate use in the event of any
sudden emergency. That war fund, enormous
beyond anything of the kind ever known in
Europe, is now or soon will b?, in hard
cash, safely deposited in the imperial
treasnry. The conferences of Gastein and
Salzburg have severely pained Russia.
Von Beust has retired but be did
not retire until be had effected a recon
ciliation and concluded an alliance
between Germany and Austria, nor until he
made it oertain that the policy he had inaugu
rated was safe in the bands of his successor.
The Hungarians are the sworn foes of the
Russians. They never liked them, and they
never will forgive them for their conduot in
1849. Count Andrassy is a representative
Hungarian and fully imbued with the senti
ments of his countrymen. The concluding of
an alliance with Germany was the breaking up
of all friendly relations with Russia. If one
of the fortified camps be established on the
Galioian frontier it will be regarded as a direct
menace to Austria, and it may be taken for
granted that the imperial govornmont will lose
no time io demanding an explanation. On
this explanation will hang the question of
peaoe or war. Such a camp in such a place
Austria cannot permit, for it will be an open
encouragement to the disaffected Sclaves to
rise io rcbollion.
The whole question is thus reduced to a
nice point. If?as we have no reason to
doubt an alliance offensive and defensive has
been concluded between Austria and Germany,
Austria will rush in at once, but she will not
rush in alone. The conquering sword of
Germany will be unsheathed, and all the
weight of her invincible hosts will fall upon
the Northern Colossus. It is not difficult to
decide beforehand on which side victory will
lean. Russia may be more than a match for
Austria; she may be quite equal to the task
of measuring lances with Germany; but
against Austria and Germany combined she
cannot have the shadow of a chance. Russia
is absolutely without an ally. The only pos
sible assistance she can count upon is insur
rection among the Austrian Sclaves. The
war may be short, sharp and deoisive. It may
be protraoted. In any case it will be
bloody and destructive, qufce as much as,
if not more so, than the war which
has so recently been concluded. There
are those who think that France must join in
the conflict. We do not share this opinion.
France is not in a position to undertake the
responsibilities and run the risks of another
gigantic coufl ct. Her hour of revenge may
come, but the time is not yet. If France
should indicate a willingness to choose her
side it will not be difficult for Bismarck to
persuade Italy to give France sufficient occu
pation. The Italian people hunger after Nice
and Savoy quite as mach as they hunger after
Rome. And who can doubt that in such an
event Bismarck could and would plunge
France once more into the agonies of civil
war by openly enconraging and aiding towards
the restoration of Napoleoa Not unless
Turkey or Switzerland, or Holland or Bel
gium is menaced will Great Britain join in the
fray.
Ono certain result of the war will be the
rectification of frontiers. Austria will pay
Germany for her help by surrendering the
German provinces proper, and Prussia will
consent to her occupation of Roumania.
Austria will thus, leaning upon Hungary,
move eastward, and by building up a new em
pire in the Lower Danube she will raise a
powerful barrier wail between Russia and
Constantinople. Germany will not lose the
opportunity to seize the German provinces of
the Baltic. Russia will lose, Austria will
lose; but German unity, so long the dream of
poets, will be an accomplished fact. It will
not surprise us if the British government shall,
in the general confusion, seek compensation
for the loss of its infl lcnce on the Contiuent by
seizing aud occupying the land of the
Pharaohs. Great Britain will maintain, for
some time to come, her supremacy on the seas,
but Germany will be the undisputed mistress
of the Continent of Europe.
Kentuokt and tub Passive Movement.?
The Danville (Ky.) Advocate does not ap
prove of the democracy abandoning the field
at the next Presidential election. It is not
only in favor of a Democratic National Con
vention, but the selection as its Btaudard
bearers of men "who are thoroughly identified
with the democratic parly in the struggle it
will make to preserve a constitutional Union."
This is the opinion of most of the democratic
journals in Kentucky?a State whose democ
racy is planted upon a rock so firm that the
blasts of radicalism beat upon it in vain.
TnK Mormon Ei.dkr, Pratt, even at this
late day, insists upon upholding polygamy,
and he and his congregation declare they will
give it up for no government on earth. Brig
bam bus been telegraphed to by his Iricnds to
come homo in time for his trial, but it is
shrewdly intimated that the prevailing snow
storm may prerent hint
Mr. Montgomery Blair** Man# flow*?*
noffaia'i Plan and Judsro Church's
Mr. Montgomery Blair, of Maryland, o#? of
the famous Blair family, has a plan (we pub
lished it yesterday,) for defeating General
Grant in 1872. It is the Missouri plan of a
fusion of the democrats with disaffected repub
licans, the democratic paisive policy, the
plan of running the democratic party under
cover of a republican domino and Mr. Blair
makes out a strong ease in support of this
plan.
In the first place he says that General Grant
is no republican, but is a democrat, and that if
it had not been for Washburne the democrats
would have got him as their candidate in 1868.
Mr. Blair says that by Mr. Tilden, Mr. Church,
and others, of New York, in 1868, "I was
authorized to offer Grant the democratic
nomination, which I did, but Grant fooled me.
He was only ooquetting with us." And so
they lost him. But what are they to do now
Mr. Blair says that Grant is very strong; that
be has the political stookers at his back, the
sporting fraternity, Bishop Simpson and the
Methodists, all the high tariff men, the railroad
monopolies, the national banks, holding four
hundred millions of government securities; the
bondholders, and the army of office-holders,
one hundred thousand strong. We are not
surprised, then, to be next told that "it is the
alliance of these vast interests which gives
Grant and his radical coworkers their almost
irresistible strength," the powor, in faot, of "a
regular army against an opposing force of
untrained volunteers."
Here, then, Mr. Tweed's Immortalized ques
tion recurs, "What are you going to do about
it?" Mr. Blair confesses that the democratic
party, with its war record, has no ohanoe, and
so he says, "Let the democratic party stand
back, and let the field be kept clear for the
disaffected and Independent republicans;" and
let them "nominate whoever they please, and
then rally the democrats to his support;" for
"this is the way Lincoln got in in I860, and
in this way Graut can be easily defeated."
As to the candidate Mr. Blair says, "My per
sonal preference is for William Cullea Bryant."
We have tried generals, statesmen and poli
ticians, and Mr. Blair now goes for a poet, a
Nestor among poets, one who can not only
write poetry but who can translate and ex
pound "Homer's Iliad" as it never was trans
lated or expounded before. But "there is
Trumbull and Judge Davis, Senator Carpenter
and Gratz Brown, any one of whom would
make a splendid run, and, with a fair canvass,
would beat G?ant."
This is Mr. Blair's plan. In the next place,
Governor Hoffman is strongly inclined to a
fusion movemont on the Missouri system,
though he says, "I am not clearly settled in
my mind sb to what oourse the democracy
should pursue." In other words, he is "wait
ing for something to turn up." He thinks,
however, that "the New York reform move
ment should be extended to the whole
nation," and that at the head of affairs "we
want a statesman who will dictate a policy to
his Cabinet, instead of blindly following such
policy as may be mapped out by his minis
ters." But still the Governor is like one
groping in the dark, for he does not see his
way through the labyrinth or the fusion move
ment proposed between the democracy and
the discontented republicans; and so he beats
about the bush in "glittering generalities."
Judge Sanford E. Church, himself a bold
over candidate from the Tammany Conven
tion, has no faith in these coalitions. He
thinks "the democracy of the nation is too
great a power to surrender its principles in a
scramble for office," that "its past history is
too brilliant to forego its policy for a division
of the spoils," and that it "still lives and will
live for a brilliant future that will oome some
time." He thinks, too, that now is the time
for the IIebald to lead off in the great work
of national reform, and that through the
power of the press a mighty revolution may be
speedily accomplished. But he is in no hurry
for this fusion movement, and does not like
the idea of putting the democratic party on a
back seat, out of the public view, In this com
ing Presidential contest.
We find in this proposed fusion movement
that the red-hot democracy of the West and
the Confederacy democrats of the South are
most enthusiastic, that the democratic leaders
of the Central States and the East are not
very hopeful of this new departure, and that
the disaffected republicans in regard to it aro
exceedingly shy. They like the lectures of Carl
Schurz against General Grant; but they re
pudiate the idea of a bolting republican con
vention, in advance of the regular convention
of that party. If they cannot, in that conven
tion contrive to upset Geueral Grant, they
may be ready to join the democracy; but it is
doubtful They want a share of the spoils,
and four years more is a long time to wait.
When the pinch comes these disappointed
radical outsiders may think it wisest to trust
to their chances under General Grant. And
so, we fear, Mr. Blair's plan will to a failure.
Southern Figures fob am Anti-Grant
President.?The Montgomery (Ala.) Adver
titer?liberal democrat?figures up ninety
eight Southern eleotoral votes for a liberal
democratic and conservative ticket next year.
Only sixty-one additional democratic and con
servative votes are needed to secure the
election of a conservative President. "Can
not," asks the Advertiser, "the Northern and
Western democracy and conservatives furnish
sixty-one votes for their own men and their
own platform, which the South stands ready
to sustain?" They certaiuiy ought. But in
the present seething and surging condition of
the democratic party tho question is?Will
they? With the wreck of Tammany the
democratic ship lost its rudder, and it will
take some time to replace it with one that
will enable it to steer a safe and correct
course during the storms of the next Presi
dential contest.
Tiie Convention between Austria and the
United Stales guaranteeing the inviolability of
trade marks in the two countries was duly
ratified by ministerial signature in Vienna
yesterday. Another step in tho path of inter
national harmony and a fresh aid to commer
cial progress.
Tnx Higher Toned Piokdookkts in Sing
Sing rccenlly assaulted and robbed tho abor
tionist, Rosenaweig, for presuming to intrude
on their oomoanv*
Jndfs Brtlford'a Rnld?The Guid Jury
at Work.
The interlude of the recent arrest under the
civil suit Instituted by the Attorney General
of tho State, through Charles O'Conor, must
not be permitted to divert public attention"
lrom the more serious drama in which Judge
Bedford plays the leading part, supported by
istriet Attorney Garvin and an intelligent
Grand Jury. After all, the recovery of the
money of which the oity has been defrauded,
even supposing that restitution should be
made of every dollar, would not be so satis
factory a vindication of justice as would the
convtotion and punishment of the dishonest
officials who have so criminally abased their
trust. As it is the oivil proceedings do not
contemplate the recovery of more than an in
significant portion of the plunder secured by
the conspirators?two million dollars, or
thereabout, out of some fifteen or twenty
millions. Henos the successful termination
of the suit, which ie at least
doubtful, would be but a mockery of jus
tice. The amount would be paid out oI
the commoQ stock, and the peculators
would scarcely feel its lo38. It woatd be u
lasting diBgraoe to the oity should no penal
sentenoe overtake those who are accused, not
of breaoh of trust only, but of actual forgery.
Hitherto the intrigues, bargains and Interests
of political adventurers have fettered the pro
ceedings against the suspected parties, and
the efforts of those who have been aiding and
advising the Committee of Seventy have bees
directed rather to a party triumph than to the
actual conviction and punishment of the
guilty parties. Judge Bedford, who is free
from all politioal allianoes, is reeolved te
remedy this evil, and, if possible, to faetes
the criminality where it belongs, regardless
of where the blow may fall. The District
Attorney and the Grand Jnry.seem to be weU
disposed to seoond his effort and to do their
duty as the Judge has discharged his?fear
lessly and resolutely. The Grand Jury held
meeting on Saturday?a very unusual thing?
and it is known that on that day
Charles O'Conor and Jackson S. Sohnlta
were before them. Yesterday, it is said,
Samuel J. Tildeu was under examination.
This certainly looks like business but we
believe there are better witnesses to be eocored
than any of these gentlemen. It is singular if
Assistant Auditor Lyues cannot be traced.
The police should be set to work to discover
his whereabouts, and also to track Woodward.
We shall be prepared, probably, to offer some
suggestions to the Grand Jury beiore the
investigation closes which may aid them in
perfecting a case. At present it is rumored
that the Harlem Court House swindle occupies
their attention. At ail events they are hard at
work, and the be3t evidence that they are on
the right tack is to be found in the flurry and
alarm evinced by those whose noisy advooaoy
of reform has been Induced only by political
motives. Judge Bedford has proved himself
to be a fearless and upright Judge, and it ia to
be hoped that his reputation will be Bhared by
the Dietriot Attorney and the Grand Jury.
Thanksgiving.?The national festival el
Thanksgiving will be upon ns soon, and we
can truly say that we have muoh to be thank*
ful for. The Treaty of Washington, the over
throw of Tammany, the reduction of the na
tional debt and the arrival of the Prince are
all fit subjeots for hearty thanks. The Chicago
and Western forest fires were terrible devasta
tions, it is true; but eventhey can be trans
formed into subjects for congratulation when
we remember what a wonderful libation o!
charity they called forth from all parts of the
universe. Indeed, we have bad enough good
things vouchsafed as during the year to insure
a hearty Thanksgiving and a bounteous feael
of turkey on Thursday next. In the mean
time we will not let the poor be lacking. New
York never does that.
The Two Pugilists, Mace and Coburn, an
nounce, with many convincing oaths, that they
intend to fight, instead of spar, on Thursday
I next.
The Case of Ex-Comptroller Connolly.-?
i The ex-Comptroller, abandoned by those wha
have heretofore Btood before him to soreen
him from the law, has found great difficulty in
I procuring the amount of bail required in the
r civil suit in which he has been made a oo
defendant with Tweed, Woodward, IagersoB
and Garvey. Ho has not, however, suffered
as much inconvenience from tbo delay aa
would have been experienced by a less im
portant prisoner, his quarters having been
more pleasant than those occupied by the poor
debtors, with whose sufferings Judge Barnard
recently exhibited so much sympathy. The
New York Hotel is a much more desirable
residence than the Ludlow street hotel, and,
as will be seen from our reports, the faro pro
vided for the inmates is of a batter quality
and in more plentiful supply.
A Western Backwoods Politician is Ut
favor of tho "one-term" principle. He has a
woman's rights wife, be says, who is one ter
magant, and is not in favor of the continuance
of her administration.
There is a Little Excitement in Bostoe
about the next Mayor. The present incum
bent, Mayor Gaston, was elected by a non
party vote. Tho republicans propose to
nominate a candidate of their own, Mr. New
ton Talbot. Talbot is a good sort of a man
enough. He has a weakness for red whiskei*
and is of commanding build. But he has a
way of keeping his eyes dosed, whioh la
hardly bocoming in these days of municipal
reform. The man for Mayor nowadays must
keep his eyes wide open.
Southern Immigration.?The Governor of
Alabama, in his recent message to the Legis
lature, recommends to the earnost consider
ation of members the question of immigration.
The impression of new industrial energy and
intelligence through the introduction of a
vigorous, hardy and law-abiding population
from other climos and countries, ho says, will
have a salutary and invigorating effect on all
tho Industries of the State, as well as on tba
social and material interests of the people.
Ho advises tho establishmout of a Bureau of
Immigration in connection with tho office of
Commissioner of Industrial Rcsourocs. Tha
great induocmont for foreign immigrants ta
locate in the South would ho tho ussuranoe
that they can be protected in person and
property equally with those nho out thai*