THANKSGIVING.
The Origin and Celebration
of the Festival.
A DAY BRIGHT W.TH HAPPY MEMORIES,
Grand Rejoicings Among the Poor, the
Unfortunate and the Criminal.
to- DAY'S PROGRAMME.
I
General Review of the Pleasures
and Duties of the Occasion.
t)f all our national holldavs the one thai la ushered
tn with the dawn ol ilus happy winter morning is,
perhaps, endeared to every American by the most
pleasant ana delgbtlul associations. With the
Vourthof July and v\ asbingiou's birthday, it com
pletes the list of our distinctively American holi
days. But how diirerent it is both in origin and
character irom the other two The Fourth, glorious
u are me memories it celebrates, has only a patri
otic significance, and the boisterous exuberance
ana enthusiasm wim which It Is Kept, though, of
Morse, very natural and highly proper, certainly
detracts irom its general popularity. At least two
thirds of our people? all wbo have passed
their third lustre of llin? have an un
couqucrahie objection to firecrackers and
bonfires, and very frequently throw a damper
upon the excitement of me more youthful members
of the household at the breakfast table by gloomy
predictions ot the possible mischief and loss and
rota that may make tills Fourth, like so many other,
past Fourths, and notably that one which was com
memorate! by the burning ud of the entire city of
Fortland, sadly memorable. Tlie day is too noisy,
too obstreperously gay to have any deep bold upon
our hearts, though we should justly count it infamous
treason to propose its abolition. Unen, again, Wash
ington's iliriiidav is too late an instituuon to be en
v thruicd in the affections of the people. Only a few
jrears ago it was still a work day, and Hie only hon
en paid Jt were an occasional Balvo of guus and a
generous and general exhibinon of bunting. But
Thanksgiving I Nowhere can you und an American
to whom t.ils solemn celebration or a nation's
gratitude to llini who dlrccts and orders all tliiugs
for tne good of ills caUdren does not revive remin
iscences aud silr up emotions that ate inwoven
with His very heart strlugs. For two hundred years
and more it nas oejti lrclihted with a burden of
universal liapo for the mturo and thankfulness for
the past, whilo Us celebration has assumed a shape
that makes it especially beloved. The reunion of
dispersed lamilies around the paternal board, tho
reconciliation ol old la.uiiy foes, the voluntary
easting away? as though at the dictate of a sacred
Bbltgation? or every wratutul passion and unchris
tian hate that could mar ihe peaceiul happiness of
too day? all these tniogs have deservedly erected
Thanksgiving into the most solemnly earnest, the
most deeply cherished, the most eagerly expected
ana tne most tenderly remembered of all our
national gala days.
1 he story or its origin is known to all. It datM
back to those sad but grand times when the Puri
tan lathers, fleeing irom the persecution or a btato
Church, sought liberty of consc.ence ou the sterile
shores or New England. We ad remember what
awiul days of privation and suffering and deatn
?Ued up the first lew years 01 their uic iu their new
found Laud of Promise. Fighting with grim earn
estness and an ever steadiast faith in God, against
famine a. id disease at home In tne mean little log
cabins wi>h union wuu annul labor they bad
dotted the bleak Mass.tcauscils coast, and menaced
from witiiout oy tus duskv savages, who had
aiready ocgun that war ol me ana uea.n which was
to cud in i heir extermination, these glorious louud
?r? 01 a new t taie were at lasi threatened witn
aunlute starvation. 'l'lie barns were empty;
aiseaso had sialu tueir flocks aud biignt
had withered their seamy crops, t here was omy
?ae hope ielt to tueni? tne mere,' ol that kind
Father whose nana, according to their simple laitb,
ruided ai> earthiy events, and who dul not even
Ian to no^e the stricken spanow as it fell to tne
earto. a day ot last was utuered. rerhaps some
?ecret sin had brought uiioii tliem these chastening
aniiciious, and prater lor loiviveness aud sell -abase
ment might .vet turn away tne Almighty's wrath,
but tue last day win never held, .suddenly a faint
blur rises ou me verge o: the pitiless sea that stood
between them aua cui isieudom and to the strain
tog eyes or tna I'llgrims it grows at last into i be
?ails 01 the long expected supply snip. It is easy to
piciarc t i?e joy tu.it uo? brightened every lace in tho
luiant coiouv, ami with uuieenoi t we can toilow tne
*rave pastor as ne i d toe pe >pie to tue meeting
ieuse and returned ihanKs .or tne 'Vre.it beueflis
Ihey nan rcceive.i ai His n.iud." And with what bright
laoes was uie announcement received that in piace
Dfa day oi la t n u i Humiliation mere snonid be a
tayoi iCitBimg un i thanksgiving! Tuus came about
lue celebration oi tue nrst ihanks,'ivlng lMy; and
|t is we. I i. .at >o sad aud soieuiu n crisis in our
aaiioiisi nuuiry bhi unl i e lorever comnietvor<if?<j.
Ko noun, a sinnle great Chicago granary of tne da* 8
we live in would Have stinp led tue needs or mat
tulle settlement lor a gene anon; and if all the
?ilgniusaud their laiunies nad perished for want
p ioud liiere would have >een scarce. y asser.ous a
|OJ?asnow oicurs in oue oi those railroad acci
dents tuat give us three or luur "sensations'' a
)ear, and certainty lar less than distinguishes it
reasonably i aiai ni ne disaster. but w o must not
measure tinugs meieiy liy number and
weuht. We are now populous enough to
Ulord the luxuiy ul an occasional hecatoino of two
ur three huimred lives, tlad tne Pilgrim Falner?
Starved, however, b.v how many mi. lions would
die last ceusa-i have been shrunk r At le.ist half
our LOuiriYsameu a.o oi New England birth or
origin? prob i ol/ mor.i. Not o.iiy, tuorefore, wenid
I toor iniee hunurea I'uiiisns have vanished irom
lue earth, but "tuo uerm oi imure ille," ai tnongu
?uder me "iron tremi" ol a Tamerlane or a Napo
leon, would have nlcd out aUo.
Until me uevo.uuon, however, Thanksgiving was
maluiy a local institution iu the New Kugland
Hates. Ot couise. whenvei tne ubiquitous \aukee
travelled lie carrnd u witn nnu among the rest, of
bis "lure.V an l observed it witn Puritan nearti
nem. Hut tne custom was not very rantdiy
accbmated turou_hout tne icngtn and breadth
Oi our land by litis tedious pricess. Alter
tne deleat of the legions of King Georgo,
however, tne need of a special llianksgiving Day
was universally recognized, and by geuerai consent
Uirvugh tue Not tii, Last and iniant West? onio
?was then far west au J so.ncelv a frontiersman's
eountiy? the old >ew uuiaiid ThanKsgtvltig l?av
was accepted, bince the war, however, ibis day
Ims al->o been adopted by me south.
it is bcar^e y neces-ury to recaii to them n l of the
reader tne many blessings in the oast vgjir for
wine a we on?ut to be e?.pffriully liianktul Oil tiiis
i-.igliteeu liundre<i and seveuiy-one seems
u<i" u" sy*!'y 'uru! oi ruin and loa< and
deatu all over tho world as all U inui mirauiltfi?a
year of woiiaerlul disasters. 1'ers a and llumrary
Uave ikh)u visited wuu lerrtble lainines, ami wars
and eari u.iuaKes and shipwrecks have almost evcry
wuere made unprcceoeuted uavoc. Wo ur.ielves
have not utt>.ri.y esca. ed, as the great Ore of
tkieago, the loss of our North i'aeitic whaling
fleet and scores ot otiur terrible calamues sadly
remind us. iiut we cwu certainly remember with
Uiaukiuluess that we nave not been chastened be
iviiti ou. strength, tiunrokeu peace bas sat witiiiu
our holders, and wo have rarely had a jear that
lose above tne pres. 'lit in geuerally diii'used pros
perity. ti we nave been vist'.e i with signal disasters
wo have quickly recovered Iroui tneir effects, and
uie loss ol uie involve.l has been comparatively
liKbi. Our people have no. neeu led away by a
madness such a* thai which has slain frenchmen
It. scores ol inoiisauds; nor has u wicxed govern
aieut plundered them of even tne means of bare
OSifcteuce. as has happened to mo miserable Per
sians. We are suil a great ami ireo nation,
otid we have perceptibly advanced in
wealth, in population, iii reilneuiMit and
in kuowlortge. Aim a* we thus see clearer than
ever be'ore the last ripening glorv ot our coming
area ness, let u< bow down In ieverend gratitude to
j, un who casteth down and raisciii up and wbo Is
the Giver oi ail good thing*.
Lvcii fw 1 1 i est: i iii oh iiro iKiuff written tlious&nds of
hopeiul holiday makers are hasienlng behind the
iron horse to the homes of their eariy youth. This
bringing together of kindred is. after ail, thougii
not the original purpose lor winch tiie day was in
?tituted, eertadilv it* chielest and most aifecting
charm, in no other country, indeed, te a da? oi
family reunion so necessary. Scattered by immense
distances, and still more by the euierprising.
wandering spirit that marks us as 3 peo
ple, we need a special season in winch
the duiy of viMtlng oji Kindred snotlld be pressed
upon our attention. Even where poverty or un
toward circuniHUnue prevents ine loug journey that
l.cti bet ween mm and tiic paternal rooltree, the day
la brigjteued lo an American with teuder memories
oi the days past mat have fled, and 111 spirit, It not In
bony, there is a coining together of t'ie separated
kinsmen. Every oue has at least enjoyed some
restive, happy Thanksgivings in the past, to which
he looks back wuii a stirring ox tBe pulse and a
orating heart; ami iveu the memory of happiness is
o priceless treasure.
Thanksgiving is cclebrnted with a wonderful
Oiiauiuitly ol ritual. As becomes a least dav, gen
tr?ns cheer and free luduige'ice in ail nianuei of
lormlMn inn tii aro ils chioi icaturcs. ji'lous people,
VM many people aiso wirftnt oein? pious, U'te
like the se.isailou of going W> church uireo or four
times a year spend tne urfrnmgin tne temple. Few
Services are so well atrendeu as tuo.se of ruanks
glving. 'lUe ordinary utterances of gratitude seem
to gain a lresh ana vivid meaning. the leelmg
among tbe audience correspond witu and reflects
the feeliugs of the preacher, and the congregation
is lit up tato a state ol altogether unusual and
extraordinary enthusiasm. No preacher, uuie.ia ut
terly stupid, could Help prea luug an able ami ef
fective sermon under sncn exceptionally favorable
circumstances. Looking on me bright faces oi bis
flocK tnat reflect an in a mirror the senuin ;nts of
gladness and gratitude thai possess tuelr soul*. lie
must Indeed be dead to all the ayrapdttietlo
forces that ought to constitute his fitness (or ins
vocation If ou sucn au occasion be does not move
the hearts of his bearers and rome ihem to a greater
degree of earnest thauklu.uess than mat wlilch taey
bring with them to the house ol praver.
Bat tliouga church-going only a common feature
Of tbe Thanksgiving celebration, the eating 01 tue
Thanksgiving dinner Is a universal oue. Ol course
there is only one staple leature of the least. Th.a Is
the turkev. Without turkey, indeed, U is scarcely
possioie to lmagiuo such a thing as a genuine
Thanksgiving feast, it is the foundation of
the pyramid: it la the necessary and not-lo
be-done- without el meut ol tho repast, A
Titauksglving dinner, or which the inaln coarse is
Bimplv beef or mutton, or even goose or duck, la
ouiv a delusion and a snare. Holding the v. orJs of
noinlse to the ear it breaks them to the hope. And
why is It, we wonuer, that turkeys seem naturally
to arrive at perfection at this happy season i At no
other do tnev have the same taste and i<avor; good
at ail times, their chlel merit Is always thai they in
evitably remind oue of Thanksgiving. Even if yon
devour them at Christmas you can lancy without
diillculty that it is the earner iestival you are cele
brating by that time-honored and laborous, taou^li
pleasant, process of mastication, it is to be
doubted, indeed, whether in this wide world
there la such a beautiful object as a
well cooked turkey on a thanksgiving Way table.
With its pinioned limbs, its tiut ol delicate brown,
i its iragrant savor aud Its mouth- watering t,mt
t ?nsemuie, It seems to emoody within its unlor
tnnate carcass a world or beauty and sentiment aud
pleasure. It Is a sight tuat is in itself alone suill
ceni to make existence worth loving to see it being
dissected by paterfamilias and distrlouted anion?
the plates of the waiting latnily oonotoes. Though
it is hard to say why. it seems to be a sort or sacred
essential to tue full oarrying out ol the ritual or
Thanksgiving. The white, Juicy meat contrasts so
graceiuily with tne darn red of tue cranberries
that by universal custom are its uniauing
companion, and the remaining and scantny
clad bones or the almost used-up bird
form such a suggestive centrepiece for the table tuat
when one has once seen it it lives lu his memory lor
ever, aud he Is never happy ou the third or iourttt
Thursday of November ever arter, whichever it may
happen to be. unless be sees it again,
Ah, that happy Thanksgiving iliniiw Joke abont
it as we may, what a glorious tact it is:? lor It
means so much. Just think or ihe hundreds ol
thousands of nappy lamuies that lo-day have b. en
charmed by its magic spell into au auuual intercom
munion, and aiter that nucer, it you dure,
at tue highly democratic aud untnotuouaulo
character of the iestival." Very rich men,
to wuom space and time are scarcely
aught, and to whom expense is nothing at ail,
nilgiit, ludeed, afford to dispense with the holiday.
But the passably rich, and, still more, the poor and
tne unfortunate, would be robbed or one o. the lew
opportunities that are lcit to tuem to return i tiicui
of the brightness and happiness of whioa lue is
capable.
Tne.ie are the ordinary methods of celcbratlng
Thanksgiving. There is, however, another leaiuro
or its ceremonies, wnleh, thank Heaven. is never
nHssed by ktiiuly. genial American u aris. T.iis Is
tho lightening up for the day or the lot ot Hie
poverty-stricken, the miserable, and even the crimi
nal. Not a charitable institution, not a jail even,
but will :o-uav resound witu tne echoes oi an unu
sual iraycty. Crini prison walls wni rin/ with laugh
ter, such as tneir luinates have not indulged 111
since the long-passed aud almost lorgottun dais
when peace and purity gilded their lives with* a
happy light that they have never known since.
Who can say how many a reformed man dates back
his return to the path of honor and sdi-rcspect from
this blessed lestival? The poor wretcn had
been pernaps brooding for loug mouths in his dim,
dark cell over tue necessity tnat male him a
thief: the iron had Indeed entered his soui as
he felt himself cut off from all companionship ex
cept tuat of men as baa or worse taan
hiuisel How often has he said to himself, "I am
not as bad as they think me; if they would only
give me a chance 1 would snow them that i am ouly
more uniortunate, not more criminal than my icf
lows.'' But separated from all communion with the
outer world, ue has settled down luto the blank
despair cr an Inevitable late, ana has relinquished
every hope out that ol being able to sin aud suffer
as he had already begun, aud having "made lus
bed/' to "lie upon It" without needless aud unavail
ing complaining. To sucu a oue, tne cueery festiv
ities of today must open up a new career of
use ulne-s and honest industry. Encouraged by
the consciousness with which the substantial and
material coinlorts provided by a christian liberality
Inspire mm, he takes new heart, and determines
wiien at length the doors of his sombre abmiug
place are thrown apart 10 lead a new life and be^iu
the world afresh. Many a olessing Is showered
upon the unknown hands that have thns given
proof ol the brotherhood of mankind by decreeing
tue universal enjoyment of this happy day.
fro, too, lu tne areary dwelling houses of want
and misery and unsiortune. Whenever the victims
of a pitiless late? foundlings, bereaved children
and helpless age? have been garnered lu by the
lovintr instrumentality of Christian hearts, this day
is marked out with a white stone. Tue d. stiiuie
and the unfortunate are again lorced to taste ?he
Jovs and pleasures to which they have long be.n
straugers or which perhaps thevhave never known.
There is something singularly delightful in the
spectacle which these rejoicing paupers pre
sent. Indeed It w hard to say whether
It is not the best way of spending
Tnanksgvitng to pass It umong the news
boys or the protCge* of tne Howard Mission or
ol the five l oints House of Industry. Boast lurkcy
Is good, but to see oiners cat it with snch wonderiul
zest is even better tnan eatiug it oneself. The con
trast between the outward surroundings or the
least? tho dirty streets and the wretched dwell
ings? and the brniiaut lijilit and comfortable
warmth and beaming laces of those within, is pecu
liarly striking. Ac no other season? not. even at
Christmas do kind hearts and open hands reap a
more generous reward than at this. Then, too,
should be mentioned the efforts of the charitable
among the poor who are not ilius visibly
mapped out lrom the rest or tneir unfortunate
companions, Lit&r&l donations find their way into
the glooul and the miseFy Of eaualid tenement
houses, aud the efforts ol visiting ladieS ::>ake tho
??widow's heart sing for Joy." i ue unselfish pleas
ures or those who thus minister to the wants of
their bretnreu and sisters? the children of the same
all-wise Father? may indeed be envied, and the
more they are copied the better wli: be the world we
live in. "Lay not up lor yourselves treasons on
earth," and ??the Lord loveth a cheerful giver," aud
"lie that giveiii to tbe poor leudeih to the Lord,"
are precepts which may be prolltably remembered
at this haup; season.
Ainoiii; the better classes or the poor? those -who,
by pinching aud economy, can manage to lay by a
sleuder purse for a Thanksgiving ceiebation? the
day Is also one oi wonderiul aud unusual enjoy
ment. Deoarred by laie hours, perhaps, from every
form of pleasure, they invest a few dimes iu a visit
lo a matinee. Most oi ua have seen theni as they
rain down applause irom the gallery upon me ac
tors. It Is to tnem comparatively a new sight; li is
possibly a year since they last ventured into the
fairyland of the footlights. Well may the plaj ers do
their best to draw down ?-uch a house as tins I Long
will the hours thus wiiiled awav in enthusiastic
mirth be rem inhered, aye, even when, perhaps,
snceesslul Industry may have brougut abundance,
nud leisure and the privations ol the past are but a
melancholy dream to be spelled out over a sump
tuous dluner to tne y ounger branches or the laraiiy.
lint with the readers or the Hkkau> Thanksgiv
ing Day has already begun. Having told tuem how
It has been emoyed In the past aud what have neen
Its customary leatures, the writer makes Ills bow or
adieu by hoping that they wili find to-day the
brightest, gayest, happiest and most memorable
celt-oration they have ever Known.
SPECIAL FB.tTfVl'lTRtf.
The roilowifig i\re among tUe principal cbatltable
dinners i bat will i?e given:?
The fvewsboys1 Home.? Several hundred of the
useful and active little ven era or literature, whose
energy has been of service 10 ail of u*, win be re
galea ?t tueir quarters in Parle place. All who wish
to reward these deserving and industrious members
of society by a tunely girt shou.d send their dona
tions to Mr. O'Connor, 49 Park piac
The Howard Mission.? Fifteen hundred persons
win bo h ted.
The Five l'oln's House of Industry.? Open hnnso
to all who nave nor got money enougu to purchase
a ThanKsuriving dinner.
The Five 1'oints Mission Hou^ lu Park plaro.?
Eight iinn<iriM persona are expected, and thefi will
be a post-prandial entertainment, consisting of stag
ing, recitations, Ac.
1 lie lloino ol the Friendless, at 32 East Thirtieth
street.? Five hundred children will Bit round the
lesiive board.
Tne Wilson Mission, avenue A and Eighth street
Dinner will be spread for 600 children.
'j ue Juvenile Asylum.? Six hundred youthful
merrymakers are to ho "put through."
The sixteenth Ward Hoys' Lodging House.? Mr.
Theodore uousevelt has provided lor tne tenants of
Ibis worthy Institution.
Tne Home lor Fallen Women, Water streer.?
Without regard to character or costume, every
daughter ol i-.ve who needs it will meet with a wel?
come and bo libera ly "diueu."
'1 lie chiu lien's Aid society.? At the five lodging
houses oi this deserving charily iree tables wiu bo
set.
The Prorestant naif Orphan Asylum, West Tenth
Ftreet.? Airs. C. L. spencer has arranged to furnish
dinner to 200 children.
The Soldiers and Sailors' Orphans' Home,
Ele.cnth avenue and lfiist. street a good dinner
will oe served at the nominal price ol leu cents.
PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS.
As 19 the custom, all our prisons and public Instl.
tutions will nave a Thanksgiving dinner. The lot*
lowiug are among tuo dinners beat worm visit.
Ing:?
the Tomb*.
Ludlow Mreet Jail.
Pellevue Hospital,
Tue Lunatic Asylum and the other itMtltutlons on
Raudali'a and Ward's Islands.
Thnnk?gh Inn la Brooklyn.
Last evening iho citizens of Brooklyn wero tery
busy in their preparations for a proper oi ervauco
orTiiankSijivtng l)ay. The stores uoon the princi
pal airecu were tttxoDgcd, <utt n ?pp$aro4 to over*.
body like a .Saturday evening. Many people opon
the streets were encumoero;l with huge baskets
and bundle*, ail husotair homeward with their
winds engrossed with the urcat social testival.
Services mil be held at leven o'clock A. M. In
nearly all tno churches, and collections will be
ttfk?ii up lor the poor.
'in j oriiiou l place and Clinton avenuo Conarrega
tlonal churches, iu conjunction with the Lufayetto
avenue Presbyterian church, will hold a Union ser
vice at the Congregational church, corner of Clinton
and Lala*ette avenues, m winch the pastors of the
several churches named whi ad share, tne sermon
being preached i>y Kev, L?r. T. U cuyier. Ihis is
In oIm M'vaiitc ot an annual custom these churches
have indulged for several j ears, the pastors alter
nating in the delivery of tite discourse.
Th?e will be a grand time to-night at the News
boys' Uum-'s, No. 61 Poplar street and 13i) Van Krunt
Btroet A Rood dinner is to he provided for tno
bf>ys at both places, ami tne youngsters, for the
tisno being, will snake oft the cares oi business and
enter upon the discussion of tne turkeys with keen
appetites.
ThnnkMlriiiK In New Jorncy.
Not la New England, tho birthplace of Thanks
giving Day, will to-day be more Joyously, srenerously
aud generally observed than la New Jersey.
Tnroaghout tbe prosperous little Commonwealth
business will be entirely suspenied, ana the people
unite in giving thauics altor the most orthodox
fashion. Governor Kandolph's proclamation is as
follows:?
Wb Is creat trials and affll. tionn have come to tho people
of aiili-r Staicfl, we, ol tbli Co.nmonwoalt.i, noi more de
servln?of tlu mercies of (Jod lhan tUey, liavo, In n peculiar
manner, been tUe recipients of 11m Alinluhly care and j,ood
neis aurim; the past year.
Tbat we may, one people, laying asi le all differences of
creed or laltli, join together la grateful acknowledg
menl to Almighty (JOvl for His merclos ana
blrsanzs, I, Theodore K Randolph. Governor of tbe
State 01 New Jersey, uo hereby appoint Thursday, tbe SOlli
day of November, aa a day of 'ihaukstovinu and prayer, re*
commen ling its observance an stu-U by all our people.
Uiren at tbe Executive Chamber, In Trenton, Una leventh
day of November, In tho year of our Lord one thousand
elyht hundred and aeventy-one, and of tbe Independence
or the United States of Amfu-ioa tne uluety-?lxth.
TIIi.ODOKli K. RANDOLPH.
Attest? Samcei. C. Brown, frlvate Secretary.
IN NKWAUK.
Yesterday presented tue appcarance of a Christ
mas or New Year's Eve lu Newark. Most or the
workshops closed an hour earlier than usual, and
the streets were ailvo with thrifty housewives and
others, oent on looking well to the commissariat
department for to-day. The day will be observed
with scrupulous unanimity as one of jubilation.
Tuero will be divine service In all the churches in
the lorenoon. aud after glviug thanks in the sauctu
aues the clti/.ens will abandon themselves to ilio
pleasures of -our own fireside" and to the discus
Bion ol latted turkeys and other. Thanksgiving i ay
table surround inns. In tlio evening vUe citizens
will naveaiu|>lo opportunity to listen to lectures ami
indulge in thoatriCrtl and other puollc amusements
as weil as those ol a strictly private character.
Thauknglvlng in Phll.tdeliililn.
Philadelphia, Nov. '29, 1871.
Thanksgiving will be observed here by religions
services belriu performed at all tho chur lies, both
Protestant and Catholic. There will be tho accus
tomed military reviews, Inspections and parados.
a stand of colors will be presented to tbe Lincoln
In ti i ute battalion or goldlers' orphans by Company
1), First regiment lufautiv, National uuuid ol i'eau
sylv.mla. ilie hlxtb, Eleventh, 'iw ndi nud'iinr
teeutii regiments win parade during i lie day. There
will be target excursions uy tudepeaib nt compa
nies aud ail business will cease lor ilie day.
TliRokagiviuii nt Chlcnvo.
Chicago, Nov. 20, 1R71.
Business will bo generally suspended hero to
morrow, aud Thanksgiving observed.
TUank.suiviia in WaHlilnaton.
Washington, I). C., Nov. 29. 1871.
The Departments were closed at nooa to-day la
anticipation of Thanksgiving Day.
Mormons and Geiuilus Will Observe It*
Salt Lake City, Nov. 23, 1871.
It Is understood that both Mormons and Gentiles
Will suspend business on Thursday next lor the ob
servance oi Thanksgiving. The customary party on
tne evening ot mat day wi:l probably be tne moat
brilliant ever witnessed in Utah.
AXOTOEa ROBBERY IT TIFFANY'S.
A Clerk In Their Employ Pleads Gnilty to
Stealing Nearly $3,000 Worth o' Jewelry.
Charles II. Wallace has been in the employ of
Tiffany Co., Union square, for the last two years.
Daring the past year the firm have from time to
time missed articles of value from tbeir store. Mr.
Stockwell, one of the Ann, surmising that Wallace
was the guilty party, on Tuesday morning placed $20
la marked bills la the money drawer, and a short
time afteJwards, upon making an Investigation,
found the money missing, lie immediately sought
Waliaco. whom be desired to accompany bini to
their private otUce. wnere he desired him to show
wnat money he nad on his person.
'lhe young man readily comolied with the request,
and produced tne $20 in marked Mils winch Mr.
Stock well had placed in the drawer but
short tiino previous. He abused bun
of having taken the missing property, to
which be pleaded yullty aud acknowledged
to have taken tne following properly, value.! at
$1,610 50, during the pastyear;? Three gold watches,
valued at $<ou; three gold chains, $24<>; one pair
bracelets, fioo; one in:agllo rlug, $26o; one ante,
thyst rin,', $75; one pair diumoud earrings, $175
and $9J 5' i In money. The prisoner, upou bel'g
arraigned before Justice Miandle/ at Jettcrson Mar
ket Ponce Court yesterd ay morn inr, staled lie was
nine een years ot age, a nanvo of Utica, N. Y.,
resides at No. Yzi Waveriey place, a clerk
by occupation, and Is guilt of tne charge preferred
against lum. neicctive Rockwell, detailed at the
store, escorted hiia to prison, wiiere he was fuliy
commuted for tr.ai. A lar^e portion ot t no stolen
property hasoeen recovered trom pawnorokers and
loan oitices, where Waiiacc had panned and dis?
posed ec it. lhe intaglio ring wai louud concealed
iu bis trunk la tUe store.
HORSE NOTES,
J. D. Walton purchased, a day or two since, of
Mr. Burke, of Syracuse, the black gelding James 11.
Bnrkc, by Tippoo, dam a thoroughbred mare.
James 0. Burke Is seven years old, stands about
sixteen hands and trotted at the Buffalo meeting
last August in 2:27 M. Price paid, $15,000.
Mr. Samuel Trassdell has been Jogging bis gray
gelding Lottery ou the road slace lus rctura Iroai
tlie track. Lottery has a record of 2:27.
Mr. William Lovell will Jog bis mare American
Girl on the road this winter, in preierence to lhe
old-time method of "turning out, believing It to
be the better plan.
Veterinarians un<t horsemen generally seem to
agree upon the oint that horses used for fast, work
are better in every way lor being cupped. It is well
known that clipping assists very much in "con
ditioning" a horse that has been "running out."
M. W. Olcott is wintering ai his place, near Wash
ington Heights, the bay stallion Ifonng llambie
toniau, Ladv Tnggert, Yankee Dan, jeunv Clark, the
black geiding contraband, and a pair of vc.y fast
sixteen hand brown horses.
?ir. Frederick Reynolds has bronght his fa?t
brown mare in town and H driving her on tl.e roail
oil da>s with his gallant gray. Boili are very last
and hard to beat.
Mr. Thomas P. Wallace's On? utab'e of horses,
comprising llcnry, Triumph, Heather Illoom, Jum> s
li. Coleman and otners? have gone into winter
quarter* at their owner's stable, Sixty -lirst street,
near the Boulevard.
Judge PullertoB. the magnificent chestnut belong
ing to Mr. Willia u Humphreys, has gone io his
winter stable, on i he Kast s.de. Ills luture is lull of
extraordinary promise.
Hiuv Barr, tne chestnut griding be'onglng to Mr.
Edward Jones, who lias a very last record aud has
shown admtraoie bottom in his races, has nearly re
coveted iroin Ins lauieuest, ror wlncn he lias been
invalided the past year: and Jiin Lawler, who has
charge oi him, says he win, "barring accidents, no
a good horse in the spring." Ills piogcuitor was
Ethan Allen.
FUBTHER CONSOLIDATION IN JERSEY.
At the latest meeting or the Hobouen Common
Council deputations arrived from several of the
neighboring townships to solicit assistance in en
deavoring to bring about the consolidation of Union
Township, West llobokcn, Ac., with tho city of
Hoboken. A committee oi three Cotincilinen wax
appointed to coh.cr with the deputies, and it is
probable mat active measures will bo take n to etlect
said purpose. The project, however, is almost
needless, inasmuch as it Is highly probable that
those very towns will be consolidated with jer.-e/
Citv witnln two years. It Will therefore matter
littie wuat course the Hoboken ouioiald pursue iu
tlie matter.
A CONFESSED THIEF.
A stable In 103d street, belonging to John Parker,
of Third aveuue and io4th street, was entered a icw
nights since and a horse and other traps stolen
therefrom by Michael O'lleain, of Ninety third
street. o'Hearn oomessed Ins gunt, and Justice
ltixuv, boiore whom ho was arraigned, commuted
bim in ueiauit of *;1,000 ball.
CARGO OF FRUIT FdOM THE MEDITERRA
NEAN,
POrtTI.ANf), Me., Nov. 20, 1871.
The English bark Deodar, with a cargo of raisins
and other Mcditerianean truit, consigned to J. W.
Doane A Co.. of ch.cago, has arrived alter a rough
voyage oi seveuty nvo days. lins cargo in go lor
want in bond. and h tne tlr-t cargo arriving ut tins
pori aud consigned ducct to aujr inland p^n oi
HU<f
THE COURTS.
A Heavy Verdict for the Government? Business
of tbe Circuit Court? The i olograph Patent
Salt? Violation of the Internal Revenue
Law? Alleged Smuggling? The Black
Friday Suit? The Alexander?
The Mcl'ahill Will Case.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COlttT.
Tbe Burnea Sugar rhd- Heavy Verdict for
tlie (government.
Before Judge Blatchford.
The United States vs. llaruty Barnes. Tills case
lias been a'ready reported In tbe Herald. It is aa
action, as previously stawd, by tho government
against tbe defendant to recovcr a largo amount
oi money, ibe value ol an importation of sugar and
molasses from Deracrura, In tbe month ol Novem
ber, 1869. Ttie government alleged and prouucea
witnesses to prove that tne gootis so Im
ported had been Irauduleutly invoiced at
tbe custom House. Tbe defence, on the
other hand, claimed that the invoice
as entered at the Custom ilouse was fair and
honest, and mat tne transaction uad been properly
conuueteu. Yesterday, at tiio KUimn ot iue court,
counsel for tne government summed up the evi
dence. after wuieti jmitfo Blatchlord Charged tue
Jury, who reared to consider ilieir verdict. After a
Biiort consultation tuey icturned wiin a verdict,
out, owuu lu ihe absence oi counsel represcnung
tbe defendant, tbe Verdict was not. immediately
piated ny the Jury. Defendant's counsel, alter the
lapse of altoiu ten minutes, made Ills appearance,
wneu the jurv aunoiiuccd tiutt their verdict was for
the government lor the sum of *54,6 17.
The Court then adjourned until Friday mornlog,
at eleven o'clucn.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT C0U1T.
The hearing of causes on the equity calendar of
tho October Term will be resumed on Monday, De
cember 4, at eleven o'clock A. M., in the United
States District Court room, and continue, If neces
sary, for two weens.
From this notice It is apparent thai Judge Blatch
ford is determined to do all he can in removing the
deadlock that has hitherto existed in clearing the
calendar of Hie United Slates Circuit Court. Judgo
Woodruff must leave immediately lor Connecticut to
dlsctiarge circuit business lucre, and .nidge liene
dlci is to uoid a criminal term, comtnen -lug on tne
6th of December, when it is to bo hoped tlie criuiiual
calendar will be expurgated, by trials or otiierwine.
?i tuose old ludtctiuenis thai have ho steadily kept
tlieir place thereon.
The Ti'lecrnph Patrnt Suit.
Before Ju.lge Woodruff.
Tlumeston vs. The American Telegraph Com
pany. 1 lus case was resumed at tho Bitting of the
Court, 'i he arguments of counsel lasted all day.
lu tne evening Hie jury rendered a verdict of
|7,600 i'or tne plaintiff.
UUTED STATES Cjl??l>SI3 JESS' COJIT.
A Revenue Officer Locked UP?Seiziirc of
Illicit Wliit.kev.
Before Commissioner Shields.
The United States v Joseph Smith.? On Tuesday
night revenue olllccrs Mack, of the Third district,
and Flood, oi the second district, saw at Catnarmo
ierry, on a cart, live barrels of wniskey, which they
believed to have been removed m fraud oi tho in
ternal revenue. They made an attempt to seize tho
whiskey, out tho man who was driving me cart
jumped oil it and rau away as fast as ho could,
'i he coast being tnus clear tne oiheers put a boy in
cnarge of the cart and followed a. ter it lor some
distance, wuen a detective of tu? city ponce put lu
un appearance, ami, tnougti the reveuuo o.nciais, as
they adcKe, lniurtiied tne dcieuive that tney were
acting uuder the authority oi tue United states, ho
Ignored ..his statement, arrested Alack and the no.,
and locked t'lciu up lor the night in tue seventh
ward station house. Yesterday morning Macic wns
discharged iroui prison, and subsequently one Jo
seph Smitn was taken before Commissioner Miieids
and charired with havinit had In uis possession the
live barre.s ol wmsKcy without oeiuir properly
stamped. There Is aome conflict of evidence m tills
case between the statement ol the police oillcer and
thai oi tne revenue oinciais who ciaiui 10 have ef
iccted tne seizure. Tue former savs that the de.
lendant was driving the cart at the tune he seized
the whlskev upon it, and that Muck did not come
up lor some minutes at ter wards. i tie Commissioner
heid Smith m $l,cOO bait lor examination.
Alleged Smuggling.
The United States vs. Kronw.?the defendant,
who had been charged with having aided and
abetted in the smuggling ol a quantity ol cigars,
rum and bitters, was yesterday tuither e amined
on tbat accusation. The Commissioner discharged
tne deieudant, out retused to acci.de to the applica
tion ol counsel to oruer tne surrender oi the goods
to Kiou.e, on the ground that they must await tho
order ol the District Attorney.
A4Jouruineiit oi ilie Court? Tkanksffivins
liny.
This being Thanksgiving Day the federal Courts
will not be la session. Business will be resumed to
morrow.
StfPSEME CO JR f Jlt.H Jcfli
Kpccial .Nolle?.
13c lore Judge Mrady.
All notes of issue lor the iir.it .Monday of December
motion calendar must be tiled on Friday, Deecwoer
1, lc7i, ui tureo P. M.
Decision.
Elizabeth J. Van Ecton vs. Loui s U. Tan Eclon.?
Report or referee co utiinicd and judgment of dl
voice granted.
SUFERIOR CCUR1? TfilAL TERR? PART I.
TIi ut Rlnrk J'riilnv Suit.
before Judge McCunn.
J. 0. Davis et al. vs. James Flak, Jr., et al.? This
case, kuown as the Black FriJay suit, the full par
ticulars of which were published m the Ueuald at
tlio commencement or ins trial, several days
ago, was yesterday brou?'nt to a termination.
Mr. lieach uud Mr. David DuJley Field
summed up at great length, when they were suc
ceeiied ?y e.x-JuJge Kuiott In an argument almost
e<}.ialiy leuitthy. A'he wnuie testimony was gone
over br notu siies, Mr. Fink's legal advocates mak
ing lam out as having notluuj to do with the terri
ble unanc.ai revolution oi lilack Friday, and that
there was no ba>ls lor bringing the present suit
agaiust him, and the otuer side insisting mat ho and
Jaj Mould, a co-dei eadant, were ine head aud irout
01 that great unending. A.tcr u clear and able
charge by tue Judge, the Jure were directed to briuj
In a scaled verdici ou Friday inoruing, to wnich
tune tho court adjourned.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS? GHAM81RS.
The Alexntider-Cinrdncr Cur? lUoiion Tor n
t'ommiwimi? V Lady Lfli in an Uinbkrriut
Ins Position by Ilcr Connncl.
The case of Virginia C. Burke, as executrix of
John Alexander, deceased, versus Ira c. Gardner
and others, which attracted so much attention about
eighteen months ago, was to have been up tor
hearing on an interlocutory motion yesterday at
the Common Pleas, Chambers, it will be remem
bcrcd that John Alexander, a weal'hy New Orleans
merchant, died lu mis city about three jean ago,
and had in his possession bonds and money
amounting to about >&j,uoo. lie -.vas boarding in
t iic Gardner laiuily, and Mrs. liurke, daughter ot
the decedent, came to tuis city alter his death to at
tend to me winding up or nti aiiairs. biie tomei,
iio.vevcr, thai the lunds of herfamcr had been an
soroed in some iii>*tcitous way, and it was at lirst
denied in.it no hat. leit any.
Proceedings wore instituted and about flltecn
thousand dollars traced to t tic possession 01 the
(iardner family. Over mn teen thousand dollars of
thai h 1 1 in have been placed lu lae trust lunu to
await the resmt oi the miiii,
i he plaintiffs motion yesterday was to have been
for the appoiutiiieiit of a commission lor uie exami
nation ol witnesses living in New Jersey. Mr, An
drew Jackson ltogers, Public Administrator, Ac.,
was retained as counsel lor Mrs. liurkc, but when
the case snouid have been proceeded with Mr.
Hoik rs was uot present. Mrs. Ilurkc was placeii in
a ih cidedly embarrassing position, as the u.otion
would, be>oiid a doubt, go against her t> v delanlt,
blie. However, explained 1110 case to a legal gentle
man present, and he kmdlv interposed ill* good ser
vices an I procmed the consent ol the Uelcudam's
couutei lor a postponement.
COMMON PLcAS? Tf.lAL TERM-PA.1T 1
Dnmimoa tor ^fdncllnn.
Before Judge Larremore and a Jury.
gawara J. Shau) ts. Jacob Thlra.? This was a
suit by the lather to recover $7,000 damages for the
seduction of his daughter. The lather testified to
his daughter's moral habits up to the time of tho
seduction. As io the seduction, the (laughter tesu
iie.i mat the defendant, umier pretence ol brluimig
her to see his cousin, biougnt her to a house of as
sigiialion in Tnompson street, where, locking l lie
door, he, by threats, succeened in his purpose,
w tie n me cause had been partially tried It was ad
journed to the next term, owing to tne abscuce of
material witnesses on tho part of defeudaut.
CQU3T OF COMMJN PLEAS-SPECIAL TERM.
Drrlalaitib
By Judge Loew.
Manhattan Savings hante vs. Trimblt.? Motion
denied, wltli leavo to renew upon additional afll
davita.
i UxtKwoQ AOminiMtratrii w.
tlon for tiie discovery of boom and paper* denied.
I'OHtk'rt rial. i's (iodrflrou ki tit. caae settled.
By Jinl?? l.arremore.
R<wr r*. oq en.? J-udinnent lor plaintiff fof
f 1,0-w 62, live per cent allowance.
SUHRQaAU'S CuUST.
Th? Bryan Mct'nhill Will Cn?r- Tb?- Will
AdnliKd to Irobtte.
Before Surrogate Hutching.
In the Matter of Proving thr Laxt win ana Trsm
meniof the Late Bryan McCahttl Uhla persistently
contested case, tnc proceedings In which b lore the
Surrogate wero fully reported in the II erali> during
Its progress in the Court, Itan been decided as fur
an the admission of the will to probate goes. Sur
rogate Hu tellings. in an exhaustive review of all
the testimony and declaim thereon, concludes us
follows:? "My conclusion, upon the whole case, in
that the allegations 01 the contestants against the
Instruments lu question have not been suatatne i,
and that the proponents are entitled to a decree
admitting to probaio the propounded win o( me
cotu ol November, and codicil thereto of ttio 17th of
December, ibVo. as to both real aud personal esuto."
BROOKLYN COURTS.
SUP.1EME C3U,U -CIRCUIT.
The Society for tlio Prevention of Cruelty Co
AnimulH In Cnnrt.
Before Judge Pratt.
phtllp Coy'e rs. The society for the I'recenrion of
Cruelty to Animal*. This action was brought to
recover the value ot a horse which was killed by
order o( officers Watson and Young, of this society.
The defence was that the plaintiff was driving the
horse in violation of the law, and mat the animal
was suffering from farcy aua glanders. The follow
ing question* were submitted 10 t no Jury, who gave
the answers stated:?
if. Did the deieudant authorize Watsou A Young
to take the horse in question? A. Ye-<.
Q. Was the plaintiff at the time the horse was
taken engaged in overdriving or torturing or tor
Die .ting or ueeille*sly mutilating said horse? A.
YC8.
i). Was the horse at tho time he was taken in a
condition thai rendered It dangerous to tiuuinn life
to be ariven through the puoiio streeui f a. no
q. And what was the value 01 the horse in ques
tion at the nuie he was taken A. luo.
Counsel for defence anil counsel lor plaintiff re
spectively therou on moved for judgment. Juogc
1'ratt reserved lus decision.
A Promissory Note C'n*e.
Sidney Cornell vs. Theodore E. r. rkins and R tf>
ert Spence.? Plaintiff brings suit to rccover $2,500,
the amount of a promissory note at six months made
by 1'erklns June 10, 1870, and endorsed by hpcnco.
It is claimed by Perkins that lie made the note and
(rot Spente's endorsement to accommodate oue
W Ulam Boers, and received no considera
tion lor so doiug. It was argued that
the note s'louul be discounted and the
proceeds u ed by beers and atailord in the lumber
masoning tmslness in Chicago. Stafford gave fw
kins a >o snares oi a cigar machine company as col
lateral. wnich stock was represented to tie wottn
$:>j a share, but wh ch prove i to be worthless. The
deience a ie?e mat the note never was Jlscountud,
bin was misapproprlaitd by Siailord with plaint id's
kuowie.i^e. The deleucc also deny thai Cornell
holds or owns the note. Case on.
CITY COIHT.
Drdnlon by Judsc IflcCnc,
Margaret Shenhxl vs. Isaac L <vyson.? Motion to
vacate Judgment and set aside execution, ami to
enter discontinuance of action granted on payment
to pla miff's attorney as follows:? Referee's fees,
$20; other disbursements, $4 04; costs beloro
notice. $20; costs of tun motion, $10; besides the
Sheriff's fees on execution. Ho far as tho plaintiff
is concerned I aiu s^tisued that the settlement
made with her husband was with net- autuurity.
Order to be entered accordingly.
COURT l)F APPEALS.
Albany, Nov. 29, 1871.
The Court of Appeals lias adjourned till Monday,
December 4. 'JTiio following is the day calendar
for December 4:? Inos. 415, 303, 170, 428, 443, 445.
446, 447.
ANOTHER 8EW1XG Miriim: D09UE.
now Poor CSirls arc BwtuiSlcd by nlop?sUop
Tailors.
One ot tlie latest schemes ror acquiring a fortune
on small capital was unearthed yesterday at Essex
Market. A little English girl, named Anna Barrett,
with long, light hair (lowing over ner shoulders anil
an intelligent and pleasing countenance, appeared
belore Uis Honor J ad go Led with, to ask mm to use
his influence to get back $5, which had been ob
tained from her under false pretences.
"What is the trouble T" said the Judge.
Anna? I saw an advertisement in the paper the
other day wanting girls to learn how to sew on tho
machine. I went there, it was at 23 Essex street,
and after some talk I paid $5 for toe privilege of
learning. 1 sat down and I was immediately set to
work sewing buttons and making button holes on i
pantaloons, lor which I discoverad I was
TO RECEIVB NO PAY.
There were ten other girls in the room all working
at the same thing. Then I demanded my money;
he lirsi refused to give it to me and then offered liio
$2 6J u i would go away and say no more.
J rD !B W Here did you sa/ it was*
anna? 2; Essex street, sir.
Jud k? Officer Anderson, go down there with this
glil and see what is the matter.
'I tie oillcer ana tie young girl departed. In a
few minutes they carno Oatk, oriugiiijj a short,
otuinpy-looklDg man with
l'EKKINU CAT LIKE F.YE1
and bnshy red whiskers. Al?> came along with the
accused six otner i ounif giri.s wiioiu lie luui sw ndled
In ine same uiauncr, some oi whom had been work
ing for linn for six weeks and had never received a
cent for their services. There were out two ma
chines in the place, they stared, anil the* waited
lor their turn to be instructed, 111 the meantime ply
ing i heir industrious needles ior the boncttt oi their
mercenary leaener.
Prisoner?1 Vol la dot vol you vant of me,
Shudge 1
JriujE? I want you to irive this girl back her five
dollars.
PHisovnt? I cana do dot; now I gond to bar do
advertise v
judge? Well, Peter, make out a complaint against
this man.
prisoner (turning to Officer Anderson)? Vat dey
gone do, en?
oki ii er? Lock yon up.
Prisoner? Loocx me oop. Oh, no. I tlnk It bet
ter dot 1 oay dot vife tolar, aind itr
Oi ncER (sarcastically)? 1 wouldn't If I was you;
better stand vour trial.
Prison kr ?oh, Shudge, yust valt a minute; 1 geef
de mouev right avay.
The accused pulicd ont a worn and soiled dark
leather wallet plctlioric with greenbacks and
handed the poor girl her money. She bowed her
thanks to Oitlcer Anderson and Judge Ledwith and
went her way rejoicing.
AULER'S TJUBILATiOXS.
W1i.it lie Old mid Wliai Oeoamo of Hint.
Samuel Adier Is an adventurer, and lives by his
wits, tio has been representing himself lately as an
attorney and counsellor at law, obtaining money
from clitrerent persons on prctenco of conducting
tneir suits. Ho was arraigned before Judge Led
with yesterday on this cliarge, on complaint of
Abraham Feuchtwanger, another attorney and coun
sellor at law. Also as a complainant against the
aforesaid Adier appeared Mr. Kaltnskl, proprietor of
Concordia ll.Hl, in Klvmgton street. Kalinski is "a
mild-mannered man." lie smiled ond he b wed,
and sullied again, as ho assured the Judge that he
had no prejudices, rutting ids hand on his heart,
he said, "I have nothing auaiii.-u this man, but no
belonged to me same lodge as I do, and 1 was at a
meeting when he was expelled."
??Who made the motion for bis expulsion," In
quired Ills Honor.
"On, 1 preferred the charge of conduct unbecom
ing a ine nber or mat lodge," and n train Kailnskl
Mimed; he also bowel. At tins moment Adier
and Frechtwanger launched fortu us to cacti
other's credibility It was crimination and
recrimination, solemn asseverations and indignant
denials, w wuieli Adicr wad accuacd of crimes
enough
TO HANO TES MEW,
and Fcuehtwangcr's countenance was golns
through an too motions known to Delsarte, tno
famed master of drarnatio expression. The Judge,
at ia.it netting tired oi these ceaseless tirades and
philippics, told tno clerk to make out a complaint,
and allowed the abused Adier to go look for bail. At
balf-i-ast lour lie had not leturued.
A BTBANQE COINCIDENCE,
On the 22d Inst. Thomas Fitzgerald, of 314 East
F'.ity-nlntU street, while walking down Fourth ave
nue, droppd his pocketbooi, containing $^7, but ho
was not awaro of hie loss until he had got homo.
On making Inquiry among those who had been with
him he learned that one of them (Patrick McDon
nell) had picked up the porketbook. McDonnell did
not deny having tfoue so, and snowed Fit/.geraid the
one he had louud. It did not, however, amce in
description wan that lost by Fitzgerald: besides
the amount ot mon-y found tit it was not the same.
Fit/.geraid demanded the return ot ms pocketoooK
and money, which McDonnell relm.d. and Justice
Mix by he 1 1 him to answer in the sum of f l.ooo. No
businesN, except the discharging of the -watch re
turns," will be transacted at the above Court to
<Wtf.
THE BATTLE OVER THE BIBLE.
The Excitement in Long
Island City.
A Controversy That All Should Be Ashamed
Of? Protest A gain? t Realing the Bible
in the Public t chools? Children
Suspended and Expelled.
"What a (treat fire a little spark fcindleth" is a
truism well illustrated la the war of ereeds mat t>a&
been raging in Long Island City lor several days,
and wlilcti is constantly gathering force, owing
to the mi<lue prominence (riven to It. So,
much l.as recently been published regarding
the rebellion Inaugurated by Caibollo children
of the scnoois, it, u alleged, on the one band, and oHj
the part of the Trustees of the First ward on the
other band, that a Hkuald reporter was yesterdajj
despatched to the cltv of "sparsely populated^
streets" to make carerai inquiry into the circum-i
stances, and asceriuin, if possible, the history of the
war, which all parties interested la should be
heartily ashamed of. I
After waiting at James slip for hair an hour for a
means of conveyance a slow boat was round, and
about half-past one he was landed at
hunter's point,
one of the villages that couiprlso Long Island
City. The first duty of one in search oc
Information was to find the place of doml-j
cue of some of the officials. Police Head*
quarters, the City nail," the Board of Ed uc talon,
building, and the place where the City Fathers lay.
out, were in turn inquired alter of citizens la
business; but all professed utter ignorance of thai
existence of any building likely to coutain any of th^J
organizations sought.
Finally the public school was inquired after, with
no better success, until a little girl was found, wh4
said, "Do you mean where
MR. LIEIIEltO IS A FlOHTIN' THE ROMANS f"
"Yes, child; show me It and I'll give you somo*
thing for your trouble."
The llttlo urchin start e I as an escort, and on thd
way pointed out where the store of one of the Com
missioners was located. There tne location of tha
school was ascertained. The district school, pre*
sided over by William II. J. Lie iter as Principal,'
was .fonn<1, and the reporter had a lon,i interview
with luni in the presence of three policemen? who
were coailess?
WATCniNO FOB AN ATT tCK
from the enciny. From t ho Principal it was ascerv
tained tnut he took control of me sen >ol in Septem
ber last. Tue Hoard 01 fcducatioii is composed of
live commissioners, who were appointed under tha
ciiurlut ol tins tear, and one or wuo.u is .vtr. Wal
loon tine ol the Commissioners of Emigration. Tliest*
Commissioners have tne general management?
of i lie schools 01 the city winch comprise tha
villages or Hunter's Point, l)u eti Kills, isiissvilie,'
Astoria and Bavenswood, from eacn 01 whlou one'
Commissioner was seieoted. i'ii -n mere are school
trustees elected from eacti ward, wnoso only duty
is to take charge of i lie school i.ronenv. l tie Board
of Education, 111 adopting us bylaws, embodied;
article twelve that compels the teacher to read a
portion of the S. rlntures every morning. The by
laws were adopted section by seotioa, and, not
withstanding
TWO OK lllR COMMISSIONERS ARE CATHOLICS,
article twelve was adored, Mr. Lieberg savH,'
unanimously, and on taMug charge of the Hunter's
Point school he complied witu tne article by read
ing a portion of the Bible each morning.
Everything went on smootly until tne J6th or Sep.
tembcr, when officials ol tne Board ol Education,
Kev. Father Marcot, of the cacholto cnurch of Uutcn
Kill-1; Kev. W. H. Smith, of the Uuuter's Point Bap
tist church, and others, including trustees, were
present. Addresses w< re made to the children by
Kev. Father Marcot and Mr. Smith, but no reference
was made to the reading of the Bible. Latei in tlxe
proceedings
JOSEPH FIESFX,
cne of the Trustees of the First ward, arose and
made a violent address to the cmldren, denouncing
the reading of the Scriptures, an 1 requested tua
Principal to make a note or iiih protest aud submit;
It to the Board at Its next ensuing meeting.
Kev. Mr. Smith addressed the teacher, and Inti
mated that the Trustees h d no control of the man
ner of conducting tue exercises, and tne Principal
declined to make
AN ENTRY OF TnR PROTEST.
The {superintendent of Kducation, Alanson Pal
mer, Father Marcot and the other geutlemen were
still present when Flesel cadcd lor the register, aud
the loilowing protest was written oy mm and signed
by his associate trustees of the ward:?
We admire the dlicip.lne acquired in tin* school bnt pre
text and liuve protecind thl* <Ihv publicly, In lull aciMol, la
Uie iireinum of tha above n .mud uemlemen, ajainet tho
reading ol' tne Bible or or an; rule of faitb whatever In thia
public school.
THOMAS McMAHON.J
Jo.sliFH FIi.skl, Firet Ward Truileer
Ml CiiAEL CArtK,
This Is alleged to have been the lnangnratlon of
tho war which is uow attracting so much attention
aud creating so much 111 feeling, i he I'riuei/mi de
clares that lor some time lie has reau only the
Lord's Prayer; and when the chiluren, led by Katie
lie nun, who, another authority uays, is a member of
tne family in which Kev. i-ather ciumuuns boards,
commenced the disturbances he assured ihem aud
their uarenis that they were not compelled to listen,
merely to keep still. To one motner lie usserts ho
gave perui.ssiou to "stuff her ciwld s ears wlm cot
ton."
Tne Board of Education, on flio matter being'
brought to their attention at the lust meeting,
ordered the Principal to coiitlnc his readings to
the Lord's Prayer or the Ten commandments, or
both, and he has since complied.
Ouiy one tcholar wus expelled before the out
break, and It was by the Commissioners. The Prin
cipal a-t- us that he volunteered In the interest of
peace to
REAP FROM TTIK CATHOLIC BIBLE, I
but Hie oiler was declined, and lie has lizard that
ilie Catholic minister, rather Crimmius, has visited
the houses of hi.) flocx and advised tne children
not to lisieu to the reading. The la t gen
eral demonstration wus made on Monday,
during tho presence of Commissioner Wal
loon, when Mr. Lleberg cubed upon those
cliildrcu who would not remain quiet and
obey the rules to rise. Thlny-three pupils, Includ
ing Ka.io Ueuin, wnoso mother had promised a id
who nad personally assured tho teacuer mat she
woul i be quiet in the future? and were then sus
pended but some were taken uacx on promises of
good behavior. The following day li.ulo again
commenced a disturbance, and
WAS THIS TIME KX FELLED.
Yesterday there was uo demonstration, and tho
Scriptures were read as usual.
John Deuln, brother or Katie, James Cotton and
John Clark, all young men, aged about eighteen
years, who persisted in forcing tuemseives into tne
school to oretent Katie's expulsion, were arrested,
as well as another mail (Matthew Downey), who
threatened tho Principal. These are the only
breach -s of tho peace reported. Yesterday In all
the schools the Bible was read as usual, and
there appears to be no objection of a serious char
acter except in Hunter's Point, wnere the CatDolics
predominate, it is sael. The Bttile has Dceu read
lor some time at Dutch Kills, so tlie reporter was in
formed t>y the Principal of the public xchool there,
aud but one boy, and ho not a pupil, but one wno
had come from BiJssviile to create a revolt, objected
ami loft.
T/io reporter called at the residence of Rev.
Fuiiicrs Critnmins and Marcot, but no: u were ao
seut. Some of tue Protestant, Ministers were visited,
uiul tliey declared ni.u inlutoioro the Protestants
have been Indifferent about tho reading of tlte
?Scripture* m the schools; but now Unit tue
CatiiolicH, who are in a verv lar?to minority every
where out Hunter's Point, and have onlv two repre
sentatives Hi the commission, nave inaugurated uie
rebellion, tno sen i uncut 01 the Protestants Is oa
tirely opposed to the expulsion the Uioie, and
Tit KV Wll.l, Kid (IT KOK IT
to the cnl, couUdeui that the lrieuds of tho 3ible
will triumph.
.No vioienco Is anticipated, as It la believed that
the mailer is a mere "tcmp.st in a teapot," that
can be compromised by the l oard o( Education,
who will doubtless call a specl.u meeting. one of
the Hev. Father Marcot's household declares that
that uentleman takes no pari in the controversy,
ami, indeed, the Protestants speaK of turn as a
liberal gentleman, who is iuoliue.1 to bo a peace
maker.
MOILB RECKLESS DiilViNO.
Henry Devora was arrested by Officer Donahue,
of tno Twoatieth precinct, Tuesday afternoon,
charged with recklessly driving tin truck against
the track of Dcrnard Liaison on Monday
with sucn lorce as to turow the latter to the pave*
nient, injuring him so severely mat ho has been
con lined to his bed ever since. Acertitlcate from
the attending physician states Devora s wood s am
of a serious nature. The prisot.er was arraigned be
lore Justice bhandley, atJerterson Market, yester.
uay morning, when a complaint was preierred
ngainst mm by Wunatn Feeney. ol aw First aveuuo,
who witnessed the collision. The prlsouer stated it
was au accident on his part, oat was locked up to
await the rwuU o, tho injuries.
A BNEAK THIEF ABBESTED,
Albert McGmder, a colored man, residing at 12
Thompson street, was observed going through
nieccker street on Tuesday night wUh six coats ami
a pair of pants Id his possession. Kouudsman
Little, ol the Kl^hth precinct, upon questioning him
as to where lie irot tho property, was convinced
from the contradictory stories no io.d that he had
stolen tue in, aud conveyed nun to tue station house.
He was arraigned beiore justice auanj. cy, at Jetier
sou Market, yesterday moraing. and remanded to
tue station house m order to allow me u Ulcer to Au?l
au pwucj lor tue proper ijr.