(Wlorccstcr ihiln Spn.
New Fnalnnd News Mummnn.
BORTON AND VICINITY.
The commissioners on the state police arc iu
Reston almost every day renKxleiinT the force
and hiving plans for the campaign against rum.
It is reported that the executive council re
fused to confirm the appointment ol Mr Jklward
L. Pierce as a judge ot the superior court.
The annual Boston press supper takes place
at the Revere house this evening and promises
to be a fine affair.
The triennial catalogue of Tuft’s college has
just tteen issued, from which it appears that
during the existence of the college there has
been 184 graduates, <>l whom 18 have died. The
tihimni numbered 160, of whom 11 have died.
u the gra hiatcs, 82 served tn the late civil
war, and 6 h»t their lives in it. Iu the ficsh
man cln-s, this year, there are 15, and 7 who
tufeied lor a partial course. The divinity school
numbers 20 stn nts, ol whom 4 are in the. grad
uating class. The college seems in a flourish
ing condition.
ESSEX COUNTY.
Some excitement prevails on account of a case
of small pox in close proximity to one of the
public schools of L iwrenec. Very few scholars
now attend the school, and it is thought it will
have to be closed.
Samuel G. Aaron of Salem fell from an ele
varor m the third story of the Naumkeag mills,
a few davs ago, breaking one leg and injuring
his head. This makes the third time the same
leg has been broken.
Fhrough the personal efforts of John G. Whit
tier, upwards of a thousand dollars have been
raised In Amesbury and duly forwarded to Chi
cago, Mr. Whittier himself making a liberal
gift.
Col. Jchn F. Gowen has entered into n con*
hacl to build, guide and equip Hie Newbury
port and Amesbury railroad— a distance ot six
ami one-halt miles—and will begin the work
lurtli with.
Hi- excellency the governor, with advice of
the council, has appointed Hon Gustavus V.
Fox, of Lowell, late assistant secretary of the
navy, a member of the state board of health, in
place ol Wm, C. Chapin, Esq., late of Lawrence,
resigned.
I he annual meeting of the Boston and Maine
raihoad was heal in Lawrence The following
directors were elected: N. G. White, Lawrence;
E. J M. Hale, Haverhill; Geo. C. Lord, Boston;
Amos Pant, South Newmarket; Jolin E. Bick
ford, Duvet; Cyrus Wakefield, Wakefield; N. J.
Bradlev, Boston.
Messrs. A. J. filton and S. F. Prescott have in
process of cred ion twelve brick stores on Wash
ington street, Haverhill, which, when finished,
u ill be an ornament to the city. Other shoe par
ties ol the city are contemplating building two
or more brick blocks in different localities on the
opening of next spiing. Tne stores now in pio
cess ol erection, and those to be built in the
spring, are lor the shoe manufacture and trade,
and the former arc already engaged for that pur
pose, which fact shows that there is a constant
increase of the buot and shoe business of the
city.
The following is a list of the crew of the
senooner Fitz E. Riggs, Jr., which was lost on
Georges in the gale of October 12: Laban R.
Hyland, master, leaves w blow and lour children;
Thomas Leary, widow and throe children;
Michael Fitzgerald, widow and four children;
Alexander McKenzie, widow and two children;
R »bert Chns:ophct leaves a mother dependant
on him lor support; Chai les Austin, Thomas
Foley, John Welsh, John Smith alias Pattick
Flvnn, all single. The latter belongs in Canso,
N S.
The town of Danvers is just now exercised
over the question of a supply of water for do
mestir and manufacturing purposes. A meet
ing was held on the evening of the 7th, at which
a number of citizens spoke—the final result
Iwtng an expression in favor of a supply from
the Salem works at Wenham pond, by a vote of
129 to one. Some think the Salem terms are
high, without perhaps realizing the cost of the
established works to Salem and the high annual
expense at which they are maintained. Still
others, remembering that the cost of the Salem
works was very far in excess of the original
estimate, h ar that the same may prove true in
the case of Danvers. It is estimated that $150,-
000 will be required to lay the pipes m the latter
town. Quite likely the vst may, as usual in
such cases, exceed the estimate.
Thcburglai Sanborn, at Lawrence jail for a
number of days, has been steadily failing. Dr.
(J W. Sargent, his physican, consulted Dis.
Bigelow and Hodges ol Boston, and it was de
cided to perform a most difficult surgical opera
tion upon the prisoner. This has been accom
plished in the most successful manner. The
femora and profunda arteries we ligated. The in
juries I ruin the wound were found to be more
serious than at first supposed, and it is said
that the patient could not have lived but a few
days at the fait host had not the operation been
performed; and even now the chances for his
recovery are extremely doubtful. Sanborn’s
wife visits him ear h morning and afternoon,
makes her stay in the city at the residence of
City Marshal Philbrick, who courteously ren
ders her all the assistance in his power.
nRI STU I. COU NT Y.
Taxes in Fall River this year are at thejratc of
sl3 per $1000; a reduction from the rate of last
year of $2.30 per SIOOO.
PLYMOUTH COUNTY.
Plymouth voted on Tuesday, 176 to 60, to sub
scriiie $41,800 for 418 shares of the Plymouth
County railroad. The condition is that the road
shall be built through the town of South Scitu
ate, upon the line surveyed.
HAMTDEN COUNTY.
The Springfield Union says: “It is refreshing
to hear anything about more railroads center
ing here. It is some mouths since the Tarriff
ville road, on the Stafford project, has furnished
an item, but the new road from Portland, Ct., to
the city is bring agitated considerably. East
Windsor thinks she will go 550,000 of the stock
to help it along
The Springfield Union tells a good story on a
shrewd business man of that city, who had a fire
in his block a while ago—insured of course,
shrewd men always keep well insured—and
when the company came to settle the damage
Mr. T. ami the agent didn’t see eye to eye; but
wanted SISOO and the agent thought half that
sum too much. The commissioner and Mr T.
proposed to leave it out, so the story goes, and
wauled Iwo well known master-builders to be
appraisers. The agent consented, the master
builders figured and said the company should
pay $750. Mr 1. is slightly irascible when any
thing comes on bun suddenly, and he called the
master-builders fools, and wouldn't be bound by
any such derision. The agent wrote to his com
pany and they advised him to settle if he had
to pay more than was just, and he offered the
insured $1000; finally SI2OO and give him a New
York draft on the spot; but no, he would have
SISOO or nothing. The agent said it was the last
cent h- would give and he might sue if he would.
At this stage of proceedings the Chicago fire oc
curred, the company failed and the shrewd man
is wondering what per cent on the $750 awarded
he will be able to collect.
MAINE.
Mr. L. F.Redlon, bound over in S2OOO at Port
land fur alleged rape, found sureties, and is now
released.
The change of the gauge of the Maine Central
railroad, from Waterville to Danville Junction,
was completed on the 10th.
I'he jewelry store of Edgcomb Ruburn at Lew
iston, was broken open on the night of the 9th,
and goods to the amount of S2OO were taken.
in Calais, last week, James Buchanan lost his
house and barns bv fire, together with all his
houshdd furniture and this year’s crops
A fine mare, valued at SBOO, was also lost in the
fl.uins
On the 9th. Mr. Moses Russell, a well-known
carpenter and builder of Portland, died very
suddenly while at the breakfast table He had
been ill from consumption for some time past.
He was sixty-five years of age, and highly re
spected.
The store of Messrs. Davis and Beck, at White
Rock station, in Gorham, on the Portland ami
Ogdensburg railroad, on a recent night was en
tered and rubbed of some railroad tickets and
about S2O in money. The same night the key
from the door of the store of Mr. J. S Leavitt,
at Little Falls, tour miles below, was taken from
the lock, showing plans fora roblrcry there also.
Some paupers at the Gorham town farm have
been ascertained to be the robbers.
South Berwick has made marked improve
ment since the large fire a year ago last Julv
that swept away eleven stores and other build
ings. Nearly the whole district has been cov
ered witli brick blocks. One block is 60 feet bv
75, two stories high, with a Mansard roof. There
are three stores on the lower floor, and a large
Masonic hall in the upper story. Another block
has three stores, with a village hall sixty feet
square over them. This hall is connected with
the upper story of another block, in which there
will be two ante-rooms and a dining room sixty
feet by fifteen, for the use of the hall. A third
block is three stories high, with stores on the
lower floor and various offices al>ovc them. One
store of a fourth block two stories high is al
ready completed, and the other two are soon to
Ik* built. The mechanics are now collecting the
materials to erect a brick shoe factory 200 feet
long, four stories high, with a Mansard roof, the
whole to cost $40,000, and to employ 400 hands.
They are also to erect twenty tenement houses
lor these operatives. There is also to be a good
deal ol other building in the village the coming
season. Ihe Baptist society are expending some
fuur or five thousand dollars in extensive repairs
ot their church. They have expended about
the same sum within a year or two on their fine
vesliy.
I IV 4 NEW
J. L. Woodman, one of Dover’s young, active
:"i<l iHuhh rwiwcted ,nereliaiu«, died suddenly
on ttie 10th ol difficulty o f the lungu
The Manchester Mil ior discounts' all the cali
bage items yet, as follows “Joseph Stevens of
Guffstown has brought to our office thirteen cab
bages of respectable size all grown on one
stalk.”
The case ol Mr. Davis of Franklin, who has
sued the Mt. Washington turnpike company lor
damages ou the ground of an alleged defect in
the roadway, attracts considerable public atten
tion. S.xty-seven witnesses have already Imvh
summoned.
Last week the Boston and Maine railroad com
pany finished the survey of a new road from
Nashua to Plabtow, a distance of sixteen miles,
which will shorten the present route from Nash
ua to Portland thirty-six miles, ft will undoubt
edly be built early next spring.
1 he Great fails ami Cuuwav telegraph com
pany are extending tbeir line from Union to
Conway, and the work will Ire completed in a
lew days.
Sbinfl Stevens, on the 10th, committed to the
I r ”y,n [tutu the aupreme judicial court,
MUinu tn Grafton county, Sharp Frank of Prov
idence, K I or lour years lor breaklnir and en
.’T 111 A slli u^,^': P u t. He also committed
Alvaro Elhot ot Campion, lor three years for
home stealing. JJuth were aged about eighteen.
George W. Bean, E-q., favorably known in
manufacturing circles, who has lieen superin
tendent of the Great Falls manufacturing com
pany’s mills during the past five years, has re
signed his position, and accepted the agency of
the Merchants’ mills, Fall River, Mass., taking
the place of the late .1. K. Piper, who was re
cently killed at the mills.
Business of all kinds is in a very prosperous
condition nt Groat Falls. The manufacturing
companies there and at Salmon Falls are run
ning their mills two nights extra each week,
until nine o’clock, turning out large quantities
of goods which are selling at a good margin as
fast ns made.
The Great Falls manufacturing: company, enrlv
the coming season, will begin to remodel their
lower level mills, Nos. 8,4 and 5, put in new and
improved machinery,and make their works first
class in every particular. The expense incurred
in the proposed improvements will be several
hundred thousand dollars, which will be appro
priated from the accumulated earnings of the
concern.
They have recently had a specimen of Horace
Greeley's handwriting in Manchester which puz
zled even the philosophic local of the Union, h
is reasonably conjectured that if Horace had
written that inscription on the wall tn Babylon,
Bclshazzer would have been a good deal more
scared than he was.
The twenty-ninth annual reunion of the five
Orthodox churches of Concord, East ami West
Concord and Fisheiville was held at the North
church, of which Rev. F. D Ayer is pastor, on
the 9th. The forenoon was taken up with rati
ons exercises, including reports from the diflei
ent organizations and a discussion upon the ne
cessity of the special presence of the spirit in
the churches. At noon the congregation wept
into the chapel and sat down to an abundant
collation, prepared by the ladies of the North
church. In the afternoon K*v. Dr. Banton
preached i n able and interesting sermon. The
meeting, which was well attended, closed with
the communion service.
The Nashua Telegraph says: “The next elec
tion of any considerable importance will be held
m this state on the second Tuesday of March,
1872. Although four months distant it is not
tar off. Every day is needed for preparation.
No sensible man doubts that the state will be
carried bv the republicans, provided the repub
licans do the preliminary work necessary to car
ry it. The opposition have taken time by the
forelock; they have called an early convention;
they have reconciled their minor and larm r dit
fcrences; fifty have even ouried the “railroad
corpse,” and to make sure that it shall not rise
again both Gen. Stark and Mr. Pearsons assisted
at the funeral. All this shows that the democ
racy are stripping for the fight. They got the
state so nearly within their grasp last March
and June that they fully realize that their op
portunity is now or never. They clearly mean
to hold the vantage ground they have gained
ami add to it all that pluck and energy can
win.”
VERMONT.
Vermont has 14,080 Irish citizens.
There arc 150 students at the normal school at
Randolph this year.
Thaddeus Fletcher has given SIO,OOO to the
Essex classical institute.
A pair of colts, owned by James McDonald,
of Cheshire, and valued at SSOO, were run over
and killed by a train on the Pittsfield and Forth
Adams railway, last Saturday.
I). 1). Gorham, head of the classical school at
Montpelier for the past eleven years, succeeds
E. S. Frisbee as principal of the Northampton
high school.
A Vermont paper tells the following story:
“Professor Flory was to have been married to a
Miss Scribner, from Beckertown, but as the story
is reported, he repented of the engagement, and
on Sunday last went to the lake to drown him
self, but as it appeared did not. Tuesday he be
came intoxicated in the early part of the day,
and at noon was carried home from Withercll’s,
and a doctor called, who gave him some medi
cine to quiet him. About the middle of the af
ternoon Mr. Scribner, his wife, and Flory’s in
tended, called at the house to see him, and the
doctor told them they could not sec him as he
was sick, but they insisted on seeing him, and
went into the house. Flory hearing them
jumped up and ran down stairs into the base
ment, where there is a family living, and told
the man to go up stairs and tdl Scribner that he
had gone out. lie did so and hurried back and
tound that Flory had left. He went immedi
ately in search oi him, and found him hanging
by the neck, dead, in the barn. He at once
called assistance and cut him down, but life was
extinct. His untimely death has east a gloom
over the entire village, as he was a man greatly
respected by all, and the last person who was
expected to commit such a rash act, and the
facts will no doubt be brought out at the in
quest.”
CONNECTICUT.
Rockville is to have a steam fire engine.
Hartford is to have Sothern in Dundreary.
Oue hundred and forty-two scholars at the
Hartlord evening school.
The sales of the Cromwell quarries this sea
son will reach $175,000.
Mrs. Sherman will be tried in the superior
court next week.
Geo. W. Rogers of Meriden has received his
papers as sheriff of New Haven county.
The Hartford central conference will be
hereafter known as the Farmington valley con
ference.
L. L. Barlow was quite severely injured by
falling from a load of hay in New Haven, Wed
nesday morning.
Captain Nott, of the Hartford police, has been
acquitted of the charges against him. The su
pernumary force is to be increased to ten men.
An able-bodied Bridgewater man wants to
know what this Alexis is that is coming, and if
vaccination will stave it off.
Charles Whedox of Fair Haven fell dead of
apoplexy while going to his work Tuesday
morning.
Two hundred shares were subscribed on the
Bth to the capital stock of the new Meriden in
surance company.
The spire on the new Congregational church
in Middletown is being raised. When completed
it will lie 200 feet high.
The business men of Holyoke, Mass., will
make an excursion to New Haven, next week,
via the new branch road to Westfield and the
Canal road.
Hartford will not have a new county prison
at present. At a meeting of the representatives
of Hartford county, on the Bth, a motion to sell
the Avenue street site was defeated.
Thomas Martin, charged with the murderous
assault on Eben Whittaker in Wallingford, was
arrested at that place on the Sth, just as be was
taking the cars. He gave bonds in the sum of
SIOO for appearance at the superior court
Two colored boys at Bridgeport wishing to
contribute to the Chicago relief fund, but whose
pockets were empty, got up a little concc't,
which netted fifteen dollars for that worthy ob
ject.
The satisfaction with which a Yale senior re
garded the spots on the sun as seen through the
college telescope, was lessened bv the discovery
that itie spots were equally visible at whatever
part of the heavens the telescope was directed.
Subsequent discovery showed several fly spots
on the object glass of the telescope rather than
on the “object aimed at.”
An applicant for the position of domestic in a
Danbury family was asked if she understood
how to use kerosene. Her reply exceeded the
most sanguine expectations: “Use it, is it?’’
she exclaimed, in a tone of reproachful explan
ation; “give me a can of karyosane, and I’ll
never ask lor the lift of a shavin’.” She was
not engaged.
This is how a New London drunkard put on
his hat when the wind blew it into the gutter:
He knelt down slowly, like a snpcranuaU-d
camel, and inserted his head into it, pressed it
firmly down with his head against the curbing,
and then arose with a sort of ridiculous majes
ty, and the broad smile of a big success parting
his bps.
The World reports that Gov. Jewell nnd c-x-
Gov. English, left New York for Washington,
Tuesday night, to have an interview with the
secretary ot the navy and president, to obtain
their co-operation, if possible, to aid in the
project of establishing a naval depot at New
London, abolishing the Brooklyn naw yard,
and removing all the material to New London.
Gov. Jewell interviewed the president on Wed
nesday.
They are making a ticket punch at Hartford
for parties in Buffalo, designed as a detective to
be used on horse and steam cars. Whenever a
ticket is purchased a spring bell is rung, a num
ber is registered on a hidden dial in a small,
stout case like that of a watch, and the piece of
card or number punched falls into a receptacle
prepared for it, where it is kept until removed
by the proper authorities. It is said to be a
compact and curious piece of mechanism and
tells its story as does the dial of a watch.
Amusements appear to have been "running
empr’ins” in New Haven. The Register says:
“That poor, brainless, unsuccessful, third rate
siock performers should find here their paradise,
is natuial and true. The pity is that so many
fools can be found to pay ior such palpable
frauds, let they exist and the result is, so far
as this city is concerned, that hardly a decent
play has Leeu put upon our stage this season.
If we can appreciate good things,
let us have them; if we cannot, then give us a
chance to cultivate our tastes. At any rate, free
us, in mercy, from the shams and sensations
with which wc are being smothered
Mr. andenhoff is unfortunate in Norwich.
At one ol his previous visits the west side
bridge broke down, and his audience was con
sequently diminished. On that visit while
reading a deeply pathetic selection the lc«' of
the desk on which he leaned suddenly collapsed
and Wednesday evening while he was delivering
one of Charles McKay’s poems, an Irishman in
search of a physician in the audience, found
his way iKhind the scenes, ami appearing at
the stage door inquired in a hoarse whimper,
heard all over the house: “Is the doctor in the
room?” The effect was so sublimely ridicu
lous that Mr. Varidenhoff, with some irmsci
bility, brought the reading to an abrupt close.
Fears are entertained that Mrs. George Hol
comb ol Westville, who has been partially de
ranged for a time, has committed .suicide. On
the 7th she went to New Haven and asked her
little niece to accompany her to.Savin Roek, but
on arriving there gave the child her pocket book
and valuables ami &eut her back to New Haven
on the cars. No trace ot her has since been
found except part of her clothes on the rock,
anil it is feared she leaped from it into the water,
and was drowned, though a thorough dredging
nas failed to bring the body up. She left two
San ht who is iu Chicago,
aid the other for his mother; and the latter
conuiiied a request that her own mother
nntrhl uol be informal of the manner ol her
dcat li.
A New U:.ven paper has the lolhtwin-: Al
the mlormal meetm- of utleasy w meo >5
at the Temple on Ittestlay mornine Mrs II <u
Hartlord gave the pleaai„ K il( th a
brother Burr, of the Times, and friend Warner
of tlie Courant, were almost converted to worn’
aa's rigbtal Why—bless the heart ot the dear
sTbc JlaHn Wamstcr, Saturban gturnmp, 11 1871.
I woman! brother Burr couldn’t say no to a wom
|an any mon* than he could endorse Grant's ad
ministration! and as to Mr. Warner—his gal
lantry is of so courtly and polished a kind, that
had he been in Adam's place, when Eve asked
for the forbidden apple, he would have clam
bored up and shaken the entire tree. Oh! they
will be converted easily enough.
RHODE ISLAND.
The Woonsocket Patriot says: “The Woon
socket poultry club expect to hold an exhibition
in Providence this winter. The exhibitions held
here wore very creditable, also well attended."
The Providence Herald says: “The New Bed
ford Standard attacks our state in this fashion.
An able-bodied but lazy citizen of Westerly,
RI, has been a-bod twenty years. We await
further particulars anxiously, meanwhile earn
estly admiring the unknown’s resolution, and
envy his unruffled serenity.”
A laborer named Chas. Stewart was instantly
killed at Pawtucket on the 10th, while attempt
ing to jump on the Worcester express train.
He fell under the wheels of the ear, ami was
horribly mangled. He lived at Hope Valley.
The relatives of Joseph AI my, late of North
Smithfield, near Slatersville, have been informed
by telegraph of bis death in San Francisco, anil
that his remains are on route for his former
home. The deceased was the youngest son of
the late Joseph Almy, long known as one of the
most pr« minent men in that part of the state.
The news of the death will be a sad blow to the
relatives of the deceased in Worcester, Provi
dence and other places.
On a recent Sunday, the relatives and friends
of a Gloucester man assembled at his dwelling
house to attend the last sad riles to his mortal
remains, and were somewhat astonished to find
the man not only alive hut well, and he in turn
was very much surprised to learn that he was
to be buried that day. A hearse, and also a
hack from Woonsocket, were in attendance, or
dered by some one bv letter. Upon inquiry
into the facts of the case, ami the probable
cause, it was ascertained that the victim was
owing a small debt, and upon being pressed lor
payment, said: “if God spares mv life, I will
pay that bill by Thursday next,” ami as the
bill remained unpaid on Friday morning, some
one supposed that he had “gone to that bourne
from whence no traveler returns,” mid therc
fore ap|>oinled his funeral, notified his friends,
and engaged the hearse and hack as before
stated.
Some years ago, an enterprising genius in
Poughkeepsie, N. Y., published a large number
of the fae similes of the autographs of noted
nu n that of Senator Sprague, then governor of
Rhode Island, was spoken of as the autograph
of “the |MK't-governor.” As the great capitalist
had never been famous in the field of poetry,
this title caused sonic surprise, until it was dis
covered that the enterprising genius aforesaid
hail confounded the governor with a poetically
inclined gentleman of a similar name. But the
Norwich Bulletin now makes an announcement
that must astonish even the Poughkeepsie gen
tleman; it says: “Senator Sprague of Rhode
Island will lecture in Meriden the 20th, on •Mil
ton as an Educator.' Doubtless not the least
surprised reader of this announcement will be
Col. Homer B. Sprague, who has for several
years lectured on the subject stated as that to
be discussed by the senator from Rhode Island.
The aurora borealis annually furnishes an op
portunity for an unlimited amount of “fine de
scriptive writing” among newspaper locals. The
display of the evening of the 9th was too good to
be overlooked and our exchanges are freighted
with an unusual amount of such writing; but
the Providence Herald goes to the head, Hear
it: “Not often has fairer tinting been displayed
on nature’s great canvass, seemingly celestial
glories informing the upper air. The illumina
tion dawned with faintest roseate blushings
tender and seductively beautiful as the retiring
flush oi a fair maiden’s cheek, then waxed to
heightened hue, warm and rich as the ripe red
glory of her lips. Then over the soft magnificence
gently ran fluttering folds of whiter light and
the unimaginable ensigns of heavenly hosts
seemed waving set on high, and all the northern
firmament shook delicately, wavered and trem
bled in ami out with changing light and -hade,
here glowing with lurid blazonry, there incan
descent with white hot splendor. Anon rose tip
in peerless symmetry a grand white pillar, such
as Parthenon, Palmyra nor Persepolis ever saw,
and in chastened gleaming towered on the fields
of ether. Gradually the apocalyptic vision
faded and went out, and men who had feasted
on its loveliness realized something ol the mind
of the apostle John, when on Patmos the gates
celestial closed to his eye, the tremendous revela
tion finished.”
niusicni.
A DA F. KENT,
XX TKACH EK OF MUSIC,
rt dtf No.TWaldort
4 S. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
Music Teacher. Rooms al C. L. Gorham A Co.
454 .Main s’. Order Slates may also be touno wiin B. D.
Alien. 41 I’lca anl st., and at'.B. N Story’s Jewelry Es
tahlishntciit. <U f t2l
ILL IXSTIU.MENrs USED IN
Jl BANOS; ALSO,
VIOLINS, Guitars, (including Martin’s celebrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses. Concertinas.
French and German Aceordeons, Flutinas. Banjos, Har
monicas, Flutes, Piccolos and Flageolets, with all thing.'
needed In their use or repair, as:
STRINGS, Bows, Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges, Reeds,
Screws, Ac.
Also, Tuning Forks, Pitch Pipesand Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the best stock, or imported, and for
sale by
♦I II AY M.S .V 0.,
33 Court st., opposile the Court House, Boston.
s? deopAwlv
QOUTH LAN D S ORC 11 ESTR A,
WOKIESTFK, MASS.
Private Parlies, Balls, Picnics, Festivals and Excur
sions furnished with any number of Pieces at Hie short
est notice. G. IE WILSON, Prompter.
Order Book at Richards, Metcall <t('o's. 441 Main st
Also, at Office ol G. H. Southland, 21 Crompton’s Block,
Mechanic st.
Mr. i.. 11. Wilson, thankful for past favors, solicits a
continuation of the same in luture. d3w» 030
rjU NINt;, POLISHING REPAIRING
PIANO FOItTES.
We respectfully announce to the public that we have
secured the valuable seivices of Mr. WM. C. ELLIS, of
Boston, who lias for the past eighteen years been con
nected with one of the largest Manufactories in tin.
Slate. .Mr. Eius, as a thorough workman and practical
mechanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. Ills Tuning, Repairing, Ac., in every instance,
gives entire satisfaction; and in connection with a tirst
class Polisher, old Pianos are made as good as new, iur a
very low price.
Please call and examine work at Repair Room,
4-14 Mnin Mt., Wnrceater, Mpy Block.
s2l 'Hi RICHARDS. METCAI.F A O.
Rich ardson’s new method koi:
THE PIASOFOHTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before the
public. Carefully prepared, and highly recommended at
the outset, it has steadily increased in public favor, until,
some years since, it fairly reached the highest position,
and seems likely to retain it for a long time.
Annual Male 25,000 Coplea,
Commencing to take lessons, now a-days, and pur
chasing a -‘Richarilson" are very apt to be cotcmporane
ous events.
Price. $3.75. Sent, post-paid, for the retail price.
En 6 dtf OLIVER DiTSON A CO., Boston.
p IAN O S A N D OR G A N S
WM. SUM NE IC Selects and Furnishes all kinds
of Pi ar os and Organs trom the Factories in New York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or address by mall.
Orders for Tuning and Repairing may beleftatL.il.
Bigelow's Book Store. 239 Main st. dTu.TliAStf n$
QIIICK ERI N G SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment.
We invite the attention of persons intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
full descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell io those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send Ibr a. Catalogue.
CIHCKERING SONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St., New York,
023 d&wlm
PROGRAMMES, THEATRE BILLS
AI'CTION AND OTHKK
llandbills and Posters,
Executed at very short notice
by the undersigned, with
FAST POtVFB. FICFKSEN.
M'"-' I'bie Joband Card Printing.
t r ih-ody-ntruug Direction
Labels, and shipping Cards.
CHAS. HAMILTON.
1.-, dooptf 11 »ii«i Ite ontiai ExciMMiee.
New ste a m mar bl e an d
SI UNE WORKS,
Having introduced machinery Into our business we
are confident that, withour large experience, practical
knowledge, and per.-onai attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimming-- Monu
im-n!-. Tablet-, and Grave Stones. Chiinm-y Pieces
Bracket Shelves, Table and Bureau Tops, sinks, and
ev« y de.ci jption ot w ork wade from Marine and btone
at (he lowest caah pru es.
Thankful for past confidence and pat innage, we solicit
a continuance of the TATEI Al A, HORGAN,
•1H 131 Central at.. Worcester. Mass
JOHN G. DALY, Garddiur and Florist, i«
ready to attend any or’ers tor Gardening, Green
kouae work. Grading of Grounds &c., 4c., that may he
led fop him, al J. Ji. LOVELL’S, 446 Mnin .4.
n
business ®af&s.
TNSURANCE A I’ll’.E I’KOOF SAFES.
S. A. HOWLAND,
PEARI. MT.,
|c3 (Ri Opposite the Post. Office.
y ETEBIN ARY!
»K. .J. PENNIMAN
line removed his office to the Stable of
BROWN BARNARD,
on dim* Thomas street.
ry b l c H GR I F F I T H s
CELEBRATED
<IR<ILAR MAWS, I A Si
lIAAUNAWN. I
MAWM,
KOSS-CllT M A WM, ot all descriptions,
Are Superior to all Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SATISFACTION OCARANTEKD.
BTW For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
‘■he Manufacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
s 7 d4w3m t4s.fr 147 FederaUU., anGhi
ALL BA NlsT KB,
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
Will give their personal attention to K ties by Auction of
Real Estate and Personal Property of every description.
In City or State. Consignments ot New and Second
hand Furniture. Drv Goods, Groceries. Crockery, and
other Personal Property, solicited tor our regular sales,
or for special sales, at our large and commodious Sales
Room.
I’KFXTISS BLfH K, FRONT ST..
opposite Trumbull st.. Worcester. Dry and Fancy
Goods, Cutlery, Silver Plated Wore, ('locks. Watches,
Jewelry, amt a large variety of Merchandise at private
sale, at low prices. Fair and honorable treatment to all
—our motto. HORACE KENDALL,
L. W. HAMSTER.
Won .-t. o. fobcr 2ii, 1870. dim 023
WAL T B It FR E B M A n”
WIIOLKSAIB DEALEII IS
O Y S T E lIS.
Dyer St., Providence, lE. 1.
J All orders promi.t'y attemle.l to. d.'m 019
AY B T A T B HOU b E
WURPESTEn MASS.,
O-F3O. 'L’iT i< ALL Proprietor,
J) K. A A II WL A N l».
DENTIST,
387 Main St.. Worcester.
aul dtf Grout’s New Block
M. PEVEYi DENTIST,
I. Office and residence,
TO Plrawnnt Mt., foot of Che*tntit Mt.
C. K. Dentist,
432 Main, Corner PleaNnnt St
Office bouts from 8 a. m. to St r,
aul I diini Opposite Front St.
Sx G. W. ELKINS, No. 264 Main sL,
tbc only man who makes Clock Repairing a
Zjl specialty. Cleans all kinds of Clocks.
■h Clocks put up if desired.
An assortment of Clocks for sale. Al)
warranted.
■i mvia dtf ELKINS A- DUNCAN.
Dutton Austin have removed
to the new and spacious store, comer ot laurel and
Hanover sts., where can be found the best line oi Gro
erics and Provisions. Thankful for past layers, by fair
dealing wc hope to attract additional trade.
o2H .Ilf DUTTON A AUSTIN.
11. GREENWOOD, Avctionbbb,
Ist Nat. Rank lluildinu.
Attends to sales in any part of Worcester Co.
nt <itj.il
4 P. AM ES, Residence, No. 35 North
J Ashland street. Carpets made, cleaned, put down,
and linings furnished. Houses cleaned, windows washed,
furniture polished, offices ami furnace tires cared for,
families assisted in moving. &c.
One Price Only. Terms Strictly Cash.
Slate—No. I Post Office. Hours. 7a. m., 12 M., and t> p.
ji. AIRS. A. P. AMES. Gentlemen’s laundry work done.
Terms as above. dtf «12
MRS. A~ BLANCHARD Medical
Clairvoyant Business and Test Medium. No. <55
Mechanic st. Clairvoyant remedies constantly on hand
ami Kentbv mail d2m* h!5
1? A R L E fi F U L LE K
J AUCHITECTM,
People's Savings Bank Building,
No. 2f> MAIN STREET, Worci.stek,Mass.
SrRPUEN C. Earle. James E. Fuller
a l d»f
4 LEX ANI) E K LOIt 1M E 11,
Manufacturer and dealer in
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD
AGE,
Bed C'orda, Cotton Clothes Lines. Steam Backing, Fish
Unes, Twine, Puiley Blocks,
Wholesale Retail.
Corne-of Exchange and Blackstone streets,
Worcester. M»as deno
Slaters Jttotlrg, fa.
IJAUI .1 EWELUY MADE TO ORDER.
AH kinds of HAIR JEWELRY made to order, and
particular attention given to the Preservation us the
Original Hair.
HFN.f. G<»nDARI> <V
d 9 dtf Corner Mun and Walnut sts.
PI N E WAT HE S
The Largest assortment of
FINE WATCHES!
Including the Celebrated
NALTZMAN. PEKREBArX, I.ARGE.
UKHTIAU, Ac..
in Swiss, together with every grade of HOWARD, EL
GIN AND WaLTHAM. may always l»e found at
N yk. PIuYMPTON CO.’S,
8.54 Main St., opp. Central.
o!6 die
HA I R J EWELRY MADE TO ORDER.
Particular attention given to the Preservation ol
the Original Hair. All kinds of
Jewelry, Spectacles, Watches and Clock
Made and Repaired at the Lowest Prices. Silver Fork
and Spoons made to order.
J. P. WEIXLEK.Jk. Jeweler,
Vo ni Mon
MARION]
U. S. WATCH CO. (GILES, WALES CO.)
WATCHES
Best in the world. Ask your Jeweller to see them.
For Sale i»y ail First-rlnas Dealers.
Wbolt-Male Rooms,
GILES, WALES 4 CO.. 13 Malden Lane, New York.
u 6 d4wßw
yyATCHES,
Jewelry and Silver Ware.
Having made extensive additions to our former large
stock of
Watches, Jewelry, and Silver Ware,
we would respectfully request an examination of the
same, feeling confident that we shall lie able to please
those that favor us with avail. We have the largest
and best assortment of WATCHES to be Pmnd iu the
city, embracing watches from most ot the celebrated
makers in the world, among which are the celebrated
KOI KQLIN WATCH.
of which we are exclusive agents, and which for durabil
ity ami time-keeping qualities will compare with the
best. We also have the Lange, Jaccard, Henry Begue
lin. Broiling, and in fact Walches from all the principal
manufacturers.
OCR STOCK OF JEWELRY
Is very complete, embracing a fine line of Vest. Opera
and Leontine Chains. Bracelets. Rings, 4c., winch we
will sell at the lowest prices.
BENJ. GODDARD 4 CO..
322 Main street, opposite Mechanics Hall.
1 .Hi
Darbtoan, Atobes, fa.
ps TABLI 8H KD IN 1825
W. S’. WHKBLER,
(Successor tu Wm, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Mui-hine, Rullt-oiul. Iron, RrUN«, and Conn
position
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMERS
Aqueduct, Gas and Steam Pipe, Wire Machinery and
Annealers, Water Wheels, Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster ('nickers, Hydrants, Slop
Cocks. Windo Weights, 4c.
Shafting, Mill Work ana Gearing, Forging, Pattern
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
THOMA* BTKEET.
mill! dtf Worcester. Mass.
JP u K N A o EI 8~.
OUNKLLF. S PATENT BUTERIOH
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE I
IN BRICK, OR A 8 PORTABLE,
BY
A. RUSSELL CO.,
3B •OVTHBKIDOK MT., WORCESTER
Bole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
PIMM call and mtn fy yourselves (hat It is the best Hot
Air Furnac e in (lie market, having nearly double the
amount oi heating surlaco, and a vapor pan so arranged
an supply a pleasant and agreeable heal. Cree from dust
smoke and gas, as the many persons whu have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Btoves, Tin. Iron, Cop
per and Glass ware.
Tin Roofing, Pump Work, and fobbiug of all kinds at
tended to with neatness and dispatch
A RUSSELL 4 CO.,
No. 36 Soiithbridgc St.. Worcester.
m.v? dtf
J R O N 8 J E Ei;
T£e subscribers have constantly on hand a verylarrt
assortment ot IRON AND STEEL of alldtscrip
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHATHS,
VISES, NUT-3.
KELI/OWH. WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES,
HAMMERS, IJURBE NAILS,
SLEDGES, HASPS,
SPRINGS, TILES,
finished axlf.s, borax.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES
BBACII SAND, 4c., 4c.
which will he sold at the loweet pnccft. at the oldttanp
WASHINGTON SQUARE.
€o:il.
{JOAL!
LEHIGH COAL,
(lent quality, all sizes, for sale by the ton or cargo, at the
'ouihbridgc Si.eel Coal Yard.
MTICONG A ROGFKM.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purposes, for sale by
4TKONO <<s ROGERS, 410 Main St.
SYDNEY
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot iust received by
STAUNO «V ICOOERM,
Office »3S Mnin Street.
FIRE BRICKS.
FIRE CLAY,
FIRE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
ST RO A O <V ROGERS,
n? 1 dtf 4IG Main Street.
H. JOUBDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
ANTHRACiTE AHO BITUMINOUS COAL.
Yard, Green Street, Office, 2 Lincoln Block, Worcester
Mass. ntf
II WT WELL I N GTO N& (>7
DEALERS in
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
by the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. 1 Post Office Building, and 110 Southbridgt
it. Yards—Manchester st., and cor. Southbridge and
Hammond sts.. Worcester. Mass dtf mvl
Jtlctiidnal.
TJF. GOTTLIEB FISCH’S BITTERS.
This preparation of the great Scientist, Dr.
/5) Gottlieb Fisch, of Germany, is based on the. fact
that, as all materials of the body are derived
,r m 80 al lorce. or health, is derived
£Msgafrom the force stored up in tood.
73 DR. FISCH'S BITTERS
enables the system to liberate and appropriate
■Mm these f.ircvs. cn ates anoclitc, cures dyspepsia,
NaluwKwitli its re tilting Debility and lack of Nervous
to
make Comtipation ami Biliousness impossible; rein
forces ti e system so it. can tide over bail results of chang
ing climate, water. Ac, and better endure the demands
often unexpectedly made on its forces and energy.
Ladies in delicate health, age persons, and all emaci
ated and weak alter sickness, will rapidly strengthen by
using this
<5 R EAT PREP A R ATION
uses this reine >y, has for his physician
a gifted scientist of Germany.
N. B. The above cut represents the shape of the bottle.
au3l ditawlyr
S”CIEN TIFI AND POPULAR
MEDICAL WORKS ON
MANII 11, WO M ANII<» l> AN I>
NEICVOUM DISEASES,
PUBLISHED BY THE
FeaUody M.edioal Institute,
No. 4 IKulflnch Street, ISoston, (Opposite
Revere House.)
Dr. W. H. PARKER. Assistant Physician.
Medical Knowledge for everybody. 250.000 Copies sold in
two years.
A Book for every Man.
THE SCIENCE OF LIFE, OR SELF-PRESEVATION
A Medical Treatise on the Cause- and Cure of Exhausted
Vitality, Premature Decline in Man, Nervous and Physi
cal Debility. Hypochondria, and all other diseases arising
from the Errors of Youth, or the Indiscretions or Ex
cesses ol mature years. This is indeed a book for everj
man. Price onlv 51.00. 285 pages, bound in ciuti:.
A Book for every Woman*
Entitled SEXUAL PHYSIOLOGY OB’ WOMAN. AND
HER DISEASES; or, Woman Treated of Physiological
ly and Pathologically, from Infancy to Old Age; with
elegant Illustrative Engravings 350 pages, bound in
beautiful French cloth. Price $2.00.
A Book for Everybody,
Flattered by the reception of. and great demand for
the above valuable and timely* treatises, am! also to meet
a great need of the present age. the author has just pub
lished anew book, treating exclusively of NERVOUS
AND MENTAL DISEASES. 150 pp. cloth. Price SI.OO
or sent free on receipt of $3 for the other two books,
postage paid.
These are, beyond all comparison, the most extraor
dinary works on Physiology ever published. There is
nothing whatever that the marr.ea or Single, of cither
Sex, can either require or wish to know, but what is
fully explained, and many matters of the most important
ami interesting character are introduced to which no
allusion ever can be found m any oilier works in our
language. All the New Discoveries ot the author, whose
experience is such as probably never before tell to the
lot of any man. are given in full. No person should he
without these valuable books.
"Valuable Books.—We have received the valuable
medical works published by the Peabody Medical Insti
tute. These books are of actual merit, aiid should find a
place in every intelligent family. They are not the
cheap order of abominable trash, published by irrespon
slide parties, and purchased to gratify coar.-e'tasics. but
are written by a responsible professional gentleman ol
eminence, as a source of instruction on vita! matters,
concerning which lamentable ignorance exists. The
important subjects presented are treated with delicacy,
ability, and care, and, as an appendix, many useful pre
scriptions for prevailing complaints are added."— Coos
Uepubliean. Lancaster. N. H.
“The author of these books is one of the most learned
and popular physicians of the day, and is entitled to the
nit Hude of our race for Giese invaluable productions,
t scorns to be his aim to induce menand women to avoid
Ilie cause of those diseases to which they are subject,
and he tells them just how and when to do It.’’— Chroni
de. Farmington, Maine, Sept. 7. 1869.
Either book sent by mail on receipt of price.
N. B.—The Author of the above-named medical works
Is the chief Consulting Physician of the Peabody .Medical
Institute and is so constantly employed in consultation
with invalids from all t arts of the coflntry, t hat he has
no time to attend to mere business details.' Therefore all
letters should be addressed tothe PEABODY'MEDK'AL
INSTITUTE, or to Dr. W. Il PARKER, the Medical
Assistant of the Author, ami his Business Agent, who,
as well as tne Author himself, may be consulted on all
diseases requiring skill, secrecy and experience.
Inviolable Secrecy and certain Relief.
n 7 deoD&wlv
JJR. C. A. HILL,
52 Howard St., Boston, Mass.,
gives special attention to
DISEASES of the OENITAE ORGANS.
Dr. H.’s Female Periodical Compound sent by express
to any address. ts au |s
INDIAN CAXCKK DOCTRESS. Mrs.
A H. C POTTER, formerly* of Boston, skillfully re
moves Cancers, Tumors, and all Secondary Formations,
without the aid or instruments, avoiding all painful'
operations with the lance. She Is prepared to submit ihe
highest testimonials from all classes of citizens. She
relies upon her cures, rather than upon any Bhuwy state
ment in print. Consultation free.
Residence. Linwood Place, Worcester.
office hours Ba.m.to 12 and 2tosp. m. dim* n
fIURE FOR FEMALE
V_/ Made trom an Indian recipe; a certain cure without
supporters. Prepared and sold by Mrs L'NUs BELCH
K. Randolph. .M.as< .-end stamp for circular.
Sold by JAMES GREEN 4 C<>. Druggists, 117 Main
st W orcester, and by all I irugglsts.
oil dru.Th4S4W3m
K EYSTONE
SEWING MACHINE!
Elegant, Simple, and Durable
I.OCK*STIT( H,
STRAIGHT NEED EE AND SHUTTLE.
Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
012 dTu,Tb4Stf J. C. BROCK. Agent
yy HEEL EB w"TI s 7»
Improved World-Kenowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE THE BEST
Ever Offered to Public Patronage.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even ami firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, ami
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
familv use.
Call and see before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
Every Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL.
840 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY,
sl3 deobtf
yyEED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, A Kent,
dtf 101) Main Bt.
rjIHE AMEIUCAX
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overscan! or
New Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
CgT'Please call and examine Machine* and Work, at
334 Main Street.
in. aTucxwnu.
q*HE
HOWE BEWING MACHINES
AND E. BUTTERICK 4 CO.’S CELEBRATED PAT
TERNS, for Ladles’, Misses’, and Children’s Garments
of all kindK, ami Shirt Patterns ul all sizes, at
Muin St., Worcester. Mass.
E. Q. BPAVLDING, Avent.
Also. Needles FOR ALL AINOS OF machines, Silk, Oli
4e. 'I uvkei s, Ruffiers. am! Corders.
er‘'Machine* Repaired. dtf Bp6
steamers.
mHE
INMAN LINE
OF
Splendid and Powerful Mail Steamers
TO AND FROM
Liverpool ami Queenstown.
For passage and information apply to M. S. CREAGH,
Manager, at the Company's office, 102 State street, Bns
ton. ortoM. A. POWER. 18 Green street. dtf
e w f"rbTgYit lTsTe
FROM
Worcester to Philadelphia,
BALTIMORE, WASHINGTON AND RICHMOND,
VIA
Xoririch Une, and Camden <f- Ainbov, Philadelphia.
ndiiUHfiton X Hattimore. Baltimore a Ohio Hui/-
roads, and llichmoiid A' Iori: River Lines.
Offering to Shippers f Freight the QUICKEST DIS
PATCH and LOWEST IXSI RANCE RISKS.
For Through Ratesand Bills of Lading, apply to
W. 11. r riTIiNRR Agent.
P. ST M. ANDREWS, Siip’t.
my 13 dtf
=f C U AK 1) LI N B
or M All. STEAM I.KH
TO SAIL DIRECT FROM BOSTON
FOK
Queenstown ami Liverpool.
SDH luV' Tuesday, Oct. 31
TR11 01.V.'...7.7. ”.\7.\\’.\\\” K v J
ALEI'Po
PALMYRA
Cabin sso gold.
steerage currency.
EJ? Passenger* embark at the Cunard wharf, East
Bu.-loli.
FROM N I. W Y O R K
On WEDNESDAYS. On THURSDAYS A SAT
s,, >”owb: I
Oct. 25 ALGERIA Oct. 28
?’NA Nov. I ABYSSINIA Nuv. 4
BMA x CALABRIA I)
is
CLBA ALGERIA Dec. 2
_ ,Aarr-mg Carrying Cabin
Only Cabin Passengers. and steerage Passengers.
.L ,KST CAB,N FIBS! CABIN.
Single liekct ....$l3O Gold. Single Ticket gSO Gold.
Return Hckets. .$250 Gold. Return Ticket*. .#ISV Gold.
SECOND CABIN.
Single Ticket shll Gold. STEERAGE.
Return Tickets. .$l5O Gold. S3O Currency.
PREPAID ST BIER AGE PASSAGES
From Liverpool. Glasgow. Queenstown, or Derry, to
Boston or New York,
$-14 Cl RRENCY.
booked to all parts of the New Englan
Drafts issued for£l and upwards.
For Freight ami Cabin or Steerage Passage
Apply at the Companv's Office, so State Street
Boston. JAMIES ALEXANDER, Agent.'
Or in Worcester, to Rl( E A WHITI NG.
mv27 dtf Main and Pearl Sts.
NCHOR LIN E STEAMERS
Every Wednesday and Saturday to and from
NEW YORK AND GLASGOW.
calling at Londonderry to land Malls amt Passengers.
The Steamers of this favorite line are built expressly
for the Atlantic Passenger Tiadv. amt titled up in ev< ry
respect wiili all the modern improvemems. calculated
to insure the safety, comfort and convenience of pas
sengers
Passage Rates—Payable in Currency.
TO GLASGOW. LIVERPOOL ANH LON DON DERRY.
First Cabin, §65 ami $75, according to location. 'ahin
L’eiurn Tickets, $l3O. seeming l>est accommodations,
intermeHale $33. Steerage, S2B.
Parties sending for their friends in the Old Country
can purchase tickets at reduced rates. For further par
ticulars apply to Henderson Bros.. 7 Bowling Green
New York, or to RH E A WIHTI NG.
°3 dtjal Worcester. Mass.
U K »7e W r~R J
VIA PROIDIEXtE.
“N EPT UN E LIN EP
The attention of shippers of freight to
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimor<
and all points
SOUTH AIV IB WEST.
s hereby called to the superior facilities tor speed)
transportation afforded by tLe
PItOVLDFNCK JU WOUCF.MTER K. It
and
FROV. W. TOKk tTEAMtllir CU.'t
through their
KXPRRH FKEIOHT
arrangement, by which merchandise leaving Worcester
ty daily express trains o\er Providence ami Wowestr
Railroad, is delivered in New York early the succeeding
morning. B
Shippen are advised that freighting faei'ithM bv tth
Line are positively unexcelled, and rales always an low
as by any other. No obstruction from ice by this Line!
Freight for the South promptly forwarded by all routes
Freight Way-billed direct from Worcenter to all points
West at precisely same rale as charged from New York
by all Lines! with no charge for whartaj.e or cartage in
New York.
All goods for points Month of New York, should be cons
signed to “care of ISAAC ODELL, Agent, Pier 27 Nortl
River, New York.”
For through bills of lading and full particulars, apply
to A. E. QI Al KENBOHS. Agent. P. A W. R. R„ Greet
street, E. 11, Rockwell, Agent, Brovidencc, or to A. C
Munroe General Agent 6 Brinley Hall. Worcester.
iS'J dtf
(J It A O EXCUit SI N~!
VIA
Great Iloosac Tunnel Railroad Line.
On and after this date Excursion Tickets will be Issued
from Worcester to IloosacTunnel. North Adams, Troy.
Saratoga, Niagara Falls, and return, at reduced rates.
Tickets good for 10. 2(1, and 30 davs.
Also. Round Trip Tickets, good tor 30 davs, and can
be used either way. WORCESTER To WORCESTER,
via Fitchburg. Hoo>ac Tunne 1 Troy, Saratoga, Niagara
Falls, Albany, Hudson River day, and Troy and New
i ork night line of Steamers to New York, Norwich and
Worcester Steamboat Line to Worcester.
These Tickets are for sale al the Ticket Office W. A N.
R. R., Foster st. Depot; also at the Office ot the United
Slates and Canada Express Co.
J. BARNARD, Agent.
Passengers leaving Worcester by the 6.30 a m. train
arrive in Saratoga at 6.35 p. m also make close connec
tion with N. Y Central Express al Troy for Buffalo and
Niagara Falls. 4 50 p. m
Office of the Line—69 Washington st.. Boston.
O. T. RUGGLES,
Jy» <Hf General Agent. Fitchburg. Mass.
’P OK MEW Y O It K
NOBWIOH LINE.
The STEAMBOAT EXPRESS PASSENGER TRAIN
Will leave WORCESTER daily, (Sundays excepted), at
7.20 P. M., for New London, there connecting with steam-
of the Norwich and New York Transportation Com
CITY OF BOSTON.
CITY OF SEW YORK.
CITY OF LAWRENCE, or
CITY OF NEW LONDOB
for New York.
TWO EXPRESS FUFIOIIT TRAIN*
each way daily (Bunday* excepted), between
WORCESTER AND NEW LONDON.
connecting with the above-namea Steamers, leaving
WORCESTER at l».3O and 4.1 S p. m. Freight by
these trams is sure to be tn New York the next morningl
unavoidable accidents alone preventing. The faciiities*
therefore, for the rapid transit of freight are iinsurpassedl
and the rates are always as low as by any other line.
f reight.forwarded from New York South, via. amden
Slid Amboy R. R„ and Went via. Eric and Penn. Centra.
s r an v l ,er route, as ordered, promptly.
For further information inquire of W. If. TUkNEB
Agent. Worcester. P. St. M. ANDREWS. Bup’l.
mh7° <ttr
Bos 'WN PHILADELPHIA
Steamship Line.
LEAVE EACH PORT
Every Wednesday and Saturday
From Long Wharf, Boston, at 3 p. m.
From Pine at. Wharf, Philadelphia, at 10 a. m.
Insurance one-half the rate ot sailing vessels.
Freight for the West by Hie Pennsylvania Railroad, amt
South by connecting lines, forwarded free of comminsion.
Passage $lO.
For freight or passage apply to
Ur BAMPHON, Agents.
No. 79. Long Wharf. Boston
PROVIDENCE, PH 11. A DELPHI A AND
BALTIMORE
KEYBTOM I.IM:. 81M l-WI'IK |,Y.
SAIL EVERY WEDNESDAY AND NAIT'KDAYI
The bteamers of the Keystone Line will leave their
wharl at India street, on Wednesdays and Saturdays, at 5
FA.?, 1 f°, r |i “Jelpl‘ia and Baltimore, making the time lo
1 htladelphia torty hours; to Baltimore tidy hours.
Kure count ct inns. I’rompt dispatch. Murk your freight
via. Keystone Line.
For through rates and further particulars apply to
J. E. BACON, Ag l I*. A W. It. IL,
Worceater.
A. E. QUA( KENBOHS,
Contracting Agent, Worcester.
EUGENE HIGGINS, Agent
of the Line. Providence.
Providence. Mav 18.1868. dtf mvio
r NORFOLK AND BALTI
AND WASHINGTON, 1». C.
STEAMSHIP LINE.-Slcaiiishii.a ot this
BKKECgSCSai 1 mo sail from end of Central Whan, Boh
ton. TUESDAYS and SATURDAYS, al 4 p. m for
NORFOLK and BALT IMORE.
BTKAMBHIPS:
WILLIAM KENNEDY, apt. Geo. 11, Hallett.
WILLIAM LAWRENCE. Wm. A. Hallett.
MCCLELLAN, F. M. Howes.
GEORGE APPOLD, Capt. Winslow Loveland.
Freight forwarded from Norfolk to Petersburg and
Richmond, by river or rail; and by the Virginia ana Ten
nessee Air Line, to all points in Virginia, Tennessee, Ala
bama and Georgia; m.d over the Seaboard and Roanoke
Raliroad to all points in North and South Carolina; by
the Baltimore 4 Ohio Railroad to Washington and al
places West.
Through rates given to South and West.
Fine Passenger accommodations.
Fare, including Berlli and M<-als: to Norfolk $12.56—
time ts hours; to Baltimore sls—time6s hours.
For further IntormatHiN apply to
H. MAtlirNOlV. Agent,
1118 dtf 53 Central Wharf. Boston.
A FOREIGN PATENTS
14. II7EDIA r
Solicitor of Patents for Inventions. Trade Marks, or
Designs, No. 76 State M., opposite Kilby st.,
Boston.
.Vo Agency in the United States possesses superior
cilities.l'or üblatning Patents, or ascertaining the putenta
bitity id inventions.
All necessity of a journey to Washington to procure a
Patent, ami the great delay there, arc. heie saved
inventors.
TertlmuuialN.
“1 regard Mr. Eddy as one ot Hie most capable and
succesathl practitioners with whom 1 have had official
lute: course.
(HARLES MASON. Commissioner of Patents’’
have no hesit ition in assuring inventors that they
cannot employ a man more competent and trusttcorthii
and more, capable of pulling their applications in a torni
to secure lor tliemanearly mid favorable cotixid. ration
at the Patent Office. EDMUND BURKE,
v,, I atp Commissioner of Patents.”
Mr k. 11. Eddy has made forme over THIRTY
phcationslor Patents, having been successful in almost
every case. Such iininhtakable proof or great talentand
ability on his.pan, lends me to recommend all inventors
to apply to him to procure their patents, as they may be
sureof having tile most faithful attention bestowed on
their cases, and at very reasonalde charges.
Boston Jan. 1 1671. d2twb 110 JOHN TAGGART.
WOOD AND TIMBER
Wlthinaw mii<7<>7u- <ontainlng about 4fl aero.
1,9 dbl *_ JAMES PEACOCK.
SALE—Some very fine
•1- Plymouth Rock. Also, one Hor e. lOycnrMi’d.
'l"’ 1 11 U Salisbury
VOB SALE A OOVEBBD milk
A M AGON, in good running older. «jii i>«
ii applied tor soon. S.A. NEWTON, Jr.,
dtf Auburn, Mas*..
FOR SALK STANDING WOOD AND
TIMBER, within lh miles of Uily Hall: al.-o, 200
cords of Dry Wood, ready foj market.
O. N. POND A CO.,
°-4 dtf 2 Front *t. Exchange.
FACTORY FOR SALE OR TO RENT,
A with water and steam power; situated on u-c line
ot the Providence Kailroad, in the city ot Worcester.
Apply to Washburn a Moen Mi g. Co.
•P 8 di i
BJegant and large btorea
to let ill the m w I while i.ihrarv Block in south
bridge, 100 feet deep by 27 4 wide. A rare chance tor ac
tive business men, for the sale of drv goods, clothing,
furniture, or other wares. Population ulmin Ap-
Pb 'o LUTHER S. A.WMIDOWN
ojW dim Eoutubridgc.
Horse blankets fok sale -a
lew hundred good common Blankets, well nnid<-
up. al low pikes. SUMNER PRATT,
dtf 22 Fnml -t.
F 1 !lvA r !_ n shakes stiles
khsERV OIR STOCK. Adiln-s
a m A. WHEELOCK.
1 dtf Charlton Depot. Maen.
R 7 lv li l !-FOH
Shm s"- m Genh n Clothing. Hoots and
Q,. I r*; V 1 1 “milling Goods •■tore. Stock d. an
and good. Apply in person or by m dl. to
KEYES LOSS-IN.
nb deop2w Springfield. Vt.
(UP, I NET ORGAN FOR !-For
!I C ~Ci‘ r |y new M AS<>\ A HAM-
LIN <ABtNE GRGAN. It Is the Style E. 5-oc'ave.
double-ieed. with siil»-l»ase and octave coupler, seven
stous. wiih two sets Vibrators thioughout one ot tour
feet pitch, one oi sixteen feet mi l one octave of sub
base connected with the manual: an 1 octave coupler
giv ng efket of tour sets of reeds; knee swell an t tr. nin
lani sclt-adiustmg reed-valves; improved bellows;
coupler connect.s with octave below. A pplv to
L. M. WAI lE.
O, R ‘Hm Leicester Mass.
THE
i®fc wILDER fiKD MfIRV:N S'
MH mWH* En;E I’KOOF SAFES can still be
HfcaSljmfflll iom'<l at the Agmcv, x<*. aa Pearl
st., opposite Post office.
auiSifeoptf s A. lion i.a mi.
(4YSTERS!—Our arrangements with the
Haiiteni and Shippers at Providence, Fair Haven,
and Norwich, arc such as we have
FreMh O.VMtei-N three time* everv dnv,
and are prepared to furnish dealers, hotels. r aloons, and
private families at the lo est possible rates.
tounlry orders promntlv attended to
U M. O’GRADI NOW.
dM.W.vsti aria Mnin St.
UARD AND WHITE PINE TIMBER
On hand and Sawed to Dimensions.
HARD PINE PLANK. HARD PINE FLGORIKB
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
HTK T i’ r
wharf and Dock—First, corner of E street.. Office N
’11b27 Hl Wtafo nt BonTor Jlv
Jt
NOTICE.
On and after April 2d, 1871. a Passenger Train w ill
leave Foster street station on Sunday at 6 m fort.ro
ton Junction and wa> stations. This train will <.nn<et
at Groton Junction with train for Boston m I interim di
ale stations on Fitchburg Railroad; also with train (or
Lowell, Boston, and intermediate stations onStonv
Brook and Boston .t Lowell Railroads.
Returning, will connect at Groton Junction with
trains from Lowell and Boston, and will arrive at Wot
etsltr al 5.15 C. 8. H KNEK, s„pi.
w OK C'ler. May 27. IS7I. dtf ai.J
Fob boston via ghoti n junc-
TlON.—Cars leave Worcester at 6.30 and 11.15 a. n.
and 4.20 p. m.
Returning, leave Boston at 6.25 and 11 a. in., and 4 n. m.
Cars run through. Baggage checked through withom
change
Passengers by this route land in the immediate vicinlti
of the Eastern. Boston <fc Maine, and Boston A Lowei
Depots; also Steamers for Portland, bl. John and Ha:
Inn* IS lOip
jQHEAP FARMS! FREE"HOMES!
ON THE LINE OF THE
Union Pacific Railroad
A LAND GRANT OF
12,000,000
OF THE
Best Farming and Mineral Lands
IX AMERICI
3.000.1 W Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing Lands
on the lineot the road, in the State of Nebraska, in the
Great Platte Valley, now tor sale, for cash or longcrcdit.
These lands are in a mild and healthy climate, an for
gra n growing and stock raising, unsurpassed by any in
t he I idled Slates.
Prices Runge from $2 to $lO pr acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
S-.TOOfOOO AC'IIFS of Government Laml be
tween Omaha and North rlatle.open tor entry as Home
steads only.
Soldiers of Hie Late Wai-
are entitle to a Free Homestead of 160 acres, within
Railroad limits, equal tu a Direct Bounty of S4CO.
Send for the new edition of descriptive pamphlet, with
new maps, mailed free everywhere. Address
O. F. DAV’IS, Land Commissioner
s 2 dluw.kw3m U. P. R. R. co .Omaha. Neb.
41 OKTG AGEE’S SALE. —The undersigned
will sell at Puldie Auction, on tne. premises, m the
i'ltyol Worcester, on THURSHAY, 1 lie seventh dav m
December next, at ten (Hi) o’clock in the forenoon, a
certain Lol or Parcel of Land, with the buildings then
on standing, situate on the corner of Green and Temple
streets, in said city, and bounded as follows, to wit
Beginning at the northwest corner of said st reels; thence
running southerly bv said Green street, one inui in d and
twenty-nine feet, to land now or formerly of Patrick
O’Keefe; thence easterly by land ot said O’Keefe, one
hundred and live feet and nine inches, to land now or
formerly of Tobias Poland thence northerly by land of
said Bolaml, one hundred and thirty five lecf, to said
Temple street; thence westerly by said Temple street,
•me hundred and live fem and nine inches, to the point ot
beginning; being the same estatedescrilied in the Regis
try of De ds for Worcester County, in Book 765, Page
279. Said sale will be made by virtue of a power of sale
contained in each of two certain mortgage dee< s. sev
erally executed !>v A. L. Hobart to Charles
the one of date March 25th. 1870. and recorded in said
<'mintv Records, Book 812, Page 240; the other of date
February 20th, h7l, nnu recotded m said Records, Book
832. Page 581.
The conditions of said several deeds having been
broken. The terms of sale will be cash.
CIIA R LES W ASH B U R N.
Worcester, Nov. 2,1871. d3sF n 8
(QOWLES’S PATENT
TRE4DLE POWER,
Adapted to all Kinds of Sewing Machines
Person" in want of Machines for family use or manu
facturing purposes, are .nvited to cal and see this labor
saving Invention. It saves one-half the labor. It cumol
turn the wrong way. It has no dead centres, and can be
stopped instantly. It. places the machine under the per
feet control of the operator by the u*e of tin- feet alone.
The injurious effects resulting trom the constant use ot
the Sewing Muclnm'S are entirely obviated by the use of
lids TREADLE POWER. It canoe seen in operation
on all kinds of machines at our Salesroom,
No. 252 Washington St.,
next door to Jordan, Marsh Co.’s. Agents wanted.
nlO vl2w 1111.1., HOI.MES
BR. J. M. HOTAMNG, E< le< nc
Clairvoyant Physician
Ko. 3 Hnrrison Avenue, Borton.
Ladies' Entrance 43 Essex st. Send lock of hair
ami sl.(i(i. with name, age and residence plainly written,
and receive bv mail, complete diagnosis of disease, with
advice concerning treatment. Send tor circular.
nil) w4t
IfOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the
subscriber lias been duly appointed Administrator of
the Estate of Hannah Whitcomb, late ol Bolton, in
(he County of Worcester, deceased, intestate, and ha
taken upon hiinsclt that trust by giving bonds, as tlie law
directs. All persons having demands upon the estate ot
said deceased are required to exhibit the same; and ail
persons indebted to said estate arc called upon to make
pa.ymenl to WIN SLOW B. MOR -E.
Berlin, Nov 7,1871. w 3 nil)
•pOR SALE—THE FARM situate in the
north part oi Sterling, formerly occupied by Capt.
Timothy Endicott, and distant two miles from Pratt’s
Junction, on Boston. Clinton, and Fitchburg railroad.
it contains 160 acres of land, a large part pasture and
tillage, and a portion well wooded. It is wed stocked
with apple trees, which last year yielded 70 barrels of
apples. The Stock on the firm, and all Tools, Farming
Implements, .vc., wi I be sold. Unless disposed of at
private sale it will be sold at auction in the autumn.
Persons desirous to examine the farm may inquire of
'has. Flagg, on the premises, who will afford every
facility for examination. Letters of inquiry may be
audn-ssed to him at Pratt’s Junction, or to WM. C.
ENDICOTT, Esq., Salem,Mrm. wif jy7
miMBER LAND FUR SALE -One Lot
containing 33 acres. ’J his lot is within one mile ot
two saw mills and depot, ami is very heavily timbered
with white and Yellow Pine, and is the best pine limber
lot. in this part of the state.
Also, another lot containing 60 acres, fourteen acres of
which is covered with very large Chestnut Timber, Hie
best in Worcester county. Tin- remainder of this lot is
covered with Sapling Pines of about twenty vears’
growth. This lot is within half mile of saw mill, and
about two miles from depot, on a good road. Any one
wishing to buy good timber lots will do well to examine
the above lots.
For particulars inquire of
MRS. SALLY FISH.
_«29 w3in* Athol Depot. Mass.
yNY ONE WISHING TO PURCHASE
DIDGB, CHEMICALS,
Patent Medicines, Roots, Herbs. Trusses, Supporters
Shoulder Bnices, English Porter, Scotch Ale, or anything
ound In a first class Drug Store—all of which we war
rant. lo lie Pure ami Genuine—and having been purchased
since the fall of gold, can be sold accordingly, will do
well to call and look at my stock, 14<) Main street, oppo
site the Bay State House, in Goulding's New Granite
Biwk. K. D. BUFFINGTON.
H wtf
qi YL E R SEAGK AV ,B
Job Book Printers, Spy Building',
Call the attention of Selectmen. School Committees ami
others, to their tUcihties for Printing
Town and School Reports,
AND ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING,
with correctness, neatness, and despatch at the Old
Stand, established in 1770, and alter a itumired years us
’jonest work, is still striving to please its patrons.’
852 Main Street, Spy ISuilding-,
•Opp. City Hall, Worcester.
N. B. Grub Ink, for Fruit Trees for sale In any
qiiahUty, wtf 3
JJOSTOST ALBANY RAILUOAIi
BOSTON AND WORCESTER DIVISION.
DA\-, N No^’:^’ l n SGEKENT comßU ncin K MO3-
PASSENiudi TRAINS leave Worcester: S
i m ql’-’" n 2 XP 7l !l ,!5 x i 9.45 a in, and
1 H’,' x l 1 ’J v l’- 11 -‘ivi 9.55 exp. pm. I
The 4.a m, and 3,25, 3.55 and 9 .55 pin trains sta"t l
in.: lower; a»i others trom the imper stai ion
For Graßon, Westboro’ South;Ke, ....a
A; h-and at 7 <»u and 9 45 a m, 1.40 and 6 (id p m
For South Framingbam, 4 JO, 7.60, ano nr m
I.H‘, 3.25, 3.55, 6.P0 and 9.55 phl
For Milford, at 7.»9 and 925 a rn, 1.40, 3.25 and 3 r In
I r Natick, ai 7.00 and 945 am, 1.40 .nd li.fM 1
For Weuesley, Grantvilie, We t Newbm,
1 hton. ?t 7.00 and 9ISa m, anil 610 n m p. 2; 1
tr- l a, L d ‘he Su-.0.r.-i >1
wnri’’. C eave twcnty-hcven miniu..- rf| cr i
ntKr ft m ,rn,n r;nv cv,, 7 day except Mm day. all
others every day except Snn.lav
><<nday e.xpi<from Albany ‘leaves the lower l boni
aIE .yim lor Boston. OH
day'/ 6 sta!,w rt 3.30 a. m. (Mon i
IRAIN 8 leave Boston as 101 J
For Wor/CHter «t 5 (mi, 7.(111. h. iOpxp., 9 xn a m 1 sj
€x P rcW! 10
9.W cxm C p m° r,t Wex P am. 3.w er r.
Hew York, via Norwich, 5.3 C exp. p m. I
Gratton. im a rn, 1.3», 1.30 p ni. i
Westboro’ 7,1)0 a m. 1.30. 4 39. 5.30 exp. p m
Sotlthvi e, 7.09 a DI, 4Mlp m. P
Cordaville, 7on am, l.:.o, 4 p in. I
Ash.and. ','.00 a in. I :<c. 4 5/o exp. p m
South b ra;ai!iguam, sw, 7.1 m, s. mi exp. and nooexn 1
ft m. I. <1 4.00 CAP., f ill), 4.30cxp..5>.i>0 5o!
exp.. MM) exr 10 00 pm. I 3
''stick, 7 00. tv a ui, 1.30, 2.15, 1 Oi), 5.00, 5. u p lv nmJ
pm. v 1 w
utlilbury, 7-00 a n\, 4.30 n m.
■'axoiivijn. Ili.liO am. 6 i-O p©.
Milford, 7.00. 8 jo exp.. 9vxp. am. 2.15 exp.. 1 30 i xn nm
A., ■■in warn train- runs cailv except Sund.'v. P M
'•unday Mai: .c..ve.< Heston at s; n p m. bLu. m ni w
N™ion x Homh Worcester, ''l Llk
fieid. ra.roer and Sprit: g-‘o..i, arrive- in Ni«.v
5-3° CO. RUSSELL, Sun t, s ;1 n e\l j
A. FIRTH. Asa'L Sup s t, Be inn a
WORCESTER AND SPRINGFIELD DIVISION 3;
Leave Worcester tor Albany and Way Stations (in com
modal ion’, at u. 35 a m
p m° r Spril,gnt l aud Btauone 6.35,9.00 am, an t 4.45 a
1, or c *P re SH) 9.55; for New York mm
HmuinJ o a ,:i a"'* P tn Yolk;
i a al 10.0, r. M. sleeping cars villi
4/io p DU-dr 0 J or Kocllcs,c daily, conncctiDg within
t 'iv'yW^!■> in s n, fnr e.’tcr at ‘2.00. 7.15. H iJuRm
e 11 'A I "C. s 111 rX( p ni _
a n S, "’‘*TV mai: 12.25 ain (Monday).
*s* E Albany with il.e Newi
a l and Hudson Rixer
Li'i e wiin b. n s P)liip,s Kali roads. Al State' 1
l';',, l ’"me Raiiroud At til I HoM .ft>.
AWei«.( e ’Mnu .tn.! Hoii-aloni.-r .i i.-ada J
SortnoOn’ I .T i W lav 1 IRR A
At SpnncdoM unh the Haruor.l, Nea Haven ..nd S| )l lP o 1
ri.< ..nA London Northern l.'P w..
wit! the Providence and W-mu- ter, Worcester f.iH
v b and Wmce-ter Railioads f
O. i:r SELL. Sup.t. Springfield
iV'oiovicii ami woitcEsrsai !>ivi
XA Sl"\, 1;.. 11. I Kk ls;i.
l«U» Solhi, VI! U AT
3t.r with train tr ur Sentlibrnkc, ana (oi imaa
ton at Plainfield wilt, trains to ..nd (.om H i-t
.or:l, end Pnni.tenco. at Norwich ai b train lom
N’cw London Dora W>.t >|.(e statlo.i
Way Passenger Train. Ummecls ri Worii
ceMcr wtH -r .iu, i.mn ilo-u n, a-Mi:.. Hi. hS
Y-i iinan rovu.cr.ee train,.; at Piiinam-..ilia
train :.om Hod. n; -1 ihainfioj r j-|..vi lem
lr iM ,ur v m-nd. n,
n r fnon Connect nt Wor?
'Mill trains from Nashua, Fi.cbour-, Lowl
»r ’t- Wcr t< r J’lnctiou villi I
V?"!,' bo ton,ana tr.in- fmm W v-ternanS
‘‘Mvr road.-,; at Piiinam wittj
Ln It l Jum tion, Iruinj* l
Irv.s. M.ivn u and ILirtiord arrive in season so»
s r« t’>. Pa- enger- from way stations ley.i euw
Webster, Pmnam and Ir nlels.mvil c) for k
ork by steamer from New London, will take tbiL*
train to Norwich.
T.aO prr. stearnbos.t Train for New York® l
l ounec!-. at r with trains from luwioni
Yoni ord, Mancfie. .c, Lowe:!, J-awrcn-e, Nashua®
F Hcneiirg, Ac.; at Putna'.n from i.osinn Wal
frankim and Blackstone; icavcß NorwhW
to. 'cw L< tidon at t>. 15 p m. S
Leave Norwich at
-.to am M.wim.mai Express train for Bo ,;.>n. (dans'
cxeent Monaay) fonneeting al I'u'iiam t-.r I’ .P"
ton. Blark-d.-mc, Ft.n.k in and Waipo e; at Wo?9
ce-(<" my hm.ion, Framingham, l oweil, Nastin*
Lonci.rd, Fitchburg. Ac Ibis train leave-. New'
London a: i.|» m dependent on arrival o*
Fteamer. i.
0.00 am. Way Pawner Train Connecting
1 lamfie’d Junction for PKwidence; al
for j.ostcn, air vingat lO.'iOani; at Wore-te’'' 1
J'liictu 11 tor Springfield, and way stations. AlLanYi
Ac and Providence- atWcrcesicr for trains t.
„_. L °st<m, >la;nua, Ac.
X1..1C a m passenger Train. Conm-ctmg
1 •■iir.Qeld with train from and for Providence*
bi riving at, W or center J unci ion iu season for tram r
u. LuM.-n Presence, sprim'deid and Albaiv
a< orcester mr (rains to 80. t.m, Na-i.ua a,- Bi
Pm. Way Passenger Train. Comir' ls at Nor.
vie.i wifi: tra» from New London, and al J'ianj t
fit .d unction will, train to Providence; at Woi
cc iter with 1 dn for B>Aon. 1
_ WEBSTER f>r Ei HAL. b
Leaver, w cost er for W orccah r al de
Leaves Worcester fur Wei -:cr at <;.35 p m M.
SL M ANDREWS, rtup’t.,
dtf A Worcester
TV E W it AILIt 6A u ft OUT e 'x'
xi rn
ViA
Framingham and Lowell Railroad.
On and after Mo dav. Oct. 16th, JR7I. Four Passcngeß
I rains Daily «.;i C li way. (B mdav< rxc-pted,) will lie rm g
between So. IT tmitighani and Lowell, making sure con’ I
nectioiis at So Framini'liam with 't rains on B A AlO
IL R. from Worcester, '■pringtleld. Albany, and the Wet AB
P can leave Worcester, via B A A. R. 1L;.,,
i (X) a m. arrive in Lowell at. 8.50 a. m. al 9.25 a mOf
arrive in I owell at 11.40 A. m at 1.40 r. m.. arrive i
Lowell at 340 p M a. 3.20 ami 350 p. arrive it
Low'ell at 6.40 p. m. (i
Refurnini'. Trains leave Lowell for Worcester and th»F
Wes at 805 aM arrive al Worce-ter at 950 am. 1
L3op M.airivcai Worcester at 3.30 r. jl; al 5.45 r. Mf*
arrive at Worcester at 10.30 p.m. a
Through Tickets, and Baggage checked through to aits
important points. Trains arrive at and depart 1101
B 1.. A N R. IL Depo’. .Mid .lesex st forming the hr-ID
and quickest mine between I owell and Worcesti ’UI
Springfield, Albany. New York and the West. ret
11. A. BLOOD. Sup’t, Fitchbutg. All
E. .1. CROSSMAN, Gen I Agent, Lowell. lj>
oil dtf
SIIKCI-M 1:1c iu I®
STMMER ARKANII EM SNT Coinnienriug c ti
MONDAY. May I.lß7l.—Pasdcngcr Trains for Wo.ciJte
est
Leave Fitchburg, s a. in., 12.50 and 5.5 U p. m.
Sciitb Fitchburg, 8 115 a. m ’.st and 5 54 p. m. P
LeonjinMer, 8 12 a. rn 1.00 and 0.00 p. m. A
Gates Crossing, <8.17 a. tn., Us and 6.07. p. m.
Pratt'a .Junction. 8.26 a. m., 115 and 6i5 nj.
Hierhng enter, 8.33 a. in.. 1.20 am gjd a
Passenger Trains for Fitchburg—
Leave Worcester, 6..-0 and 11 15 a. m an-i 4 20 u. iu.
Sier.mg fiincti n, 7-07 amt II 57 a. m.. mm \ui) p. m UM
“ter.lllg Center, 7 4 and 12.05 p. m and 508 p. m.
I'r.Lt k oimcti 11 7 20 a. m.. amt 12 14 atm 5.16 p. m -W
Gates Crossing, 7.25 a. m., 12 22 and 5.21 p. <a Pt
Leominster. 7.30 a. in., 12 30 and san p
Bouth Fitchburg. 7.37 n. m.. 12.39 an i 5 37 m md
Railroad Coenictions I he 6 30 and 11 15 a. m. am
420 p in. trains from Worcester connect at Fiieldmi
wilti the Chi-sidre ami irudand and Burlington RR to y
all points norh and west; also connect at Fitchbui;<ft|
with the' Pinion: and Massachusetts II R for Grcenfitind
and Biattleboro and intermediate stations. ail
I e 8.00 b. in. anil 12.5 u ,1. iu. irain 110 m ritcbbiirg coi Si
noct a. Worcester with Boston A Worcester, ProvicemßM
A Worcester, Norwich A Worcester Railroads aighe
Western R. R. for New York and the West via. Sr.rin/ht
field j 1
The 5.50 p. m. train Hom Fifchbtirc connects at We
center u ifh Norwich A Worcester St cam I mat train ;<h
New York via. New London. 11. A. BLOOD. Sup’t. PM
Office. Fitchburg A Worcester K. IL, 1 Fi
ilchtmrg. Mav I. 1871. i du is:
WOKChSTEU AND NASHU A KAI Kt
ROAD—On and after Monday, Sept, I. D7l. p .ose
ger Trains will run as follows. m
l eave Worcester a( 6.30 am! 11.15 a m ami 4.20, ami
(Groton Passenger),
Leave rot on .1 unction for Worcester at 5 a m.
Leave .hashua ai 7.10 a m. 12.00 m. ano 5.00 p m.
she 6.!() Train connects at Fitchburg with trains for th*P
Vermont and Massacuiisctts. Cheshire and Rutland anW
Burlington Railroads, al Groton Junction with trains np
ttie Fitchburg (down), Pcicrboro and Shirley Sion®
Brook, and Lowell and Lawrence Railroads;’ and ;.M
Nashua with trains of she Wilton, Concord, ManchcstcW
and Lawrence, Northern, Boston, Concor-1 anil Montreal
Vermont Central. Fassunipsic and Ogdensburg Raila
roads 8
The 11.15 a in train connects at Fitchburg with
shire, and Kill land and Burimgton (Freight and pm- er
ger to Rutland) trains; at Groton Junction with FiUTHu
burp. Stony Brook, and Lowell and Lawrence (rains; an
at Nashua with Widen. Concord, Manchester and L:i" n
Fence. Northern (to Franklin), and Boston, Concord an nd
Monireifi (to I’lynnmth) trains.
The 4.20 p m tram connects at Fitchburg, at 7.15 p nnn
with Cheshire. Vermont and Massachusetts, am! Kudan w
and Burtingion Night Express trains; at Groton J und iof-
with Fitchburg, l eterboro and Shirley, and Slony Broc,
trains, and at Nashua with Concord, Manchester an uni
Lawrence, Northern Vermont Central Night Ex preset c
Ogdensburg, and Montreal and Champlain train-. ‘det
C S TURNEK Sun
Snr
Vs EK MONT AND MASS AG H U SETTS
AND TROY AND GREENFIELD
Cars 'eave Worcester, Foster. St. Depot, for Iloosac Tun"-*
m 11. North Adams, Saratoga and Troy, N. Y.. at 6.30 a
m., (or North Adams. Iloosac Tunnel, <»recnfie!d, ShebTr
burnc Falls ami Hr.utienoro, at 6.30 and 11.15 am. Fo, j>.
Grrcndei' at 6.30 and 11.15 A. M.. and 4.20 r. M.
Leave iloosac Tunnel for Boston at 7.30 a in, and l.ijiet
p m.
Leave Greenfield for Boston at 6 30 and 9.35 a m a more
2.28 pu Le.-'.e Brattleboro' for Boston at 4.22 ami SJ
a m. and 2.09 p m. len
The 7.30 a m and 1.20 p ni trains-, from Iloosac Tunne;—-
6.30 a m train from Greenfield, and 8 41 a m and 2.1-0 p
trams from Brattleboro, connect al Fitchburg wil
trains for Providence, Newport and T umton.
The 7.30 a m ami 1.20 p 111 trams from Iloosac. Tunne.
and 8 41 a 111 and 2.00 p in trains from Brattleboro, cou
nect at Fiiehiturg with trains for Worcester, Providcnct
Newport, Ac.
O. T. RUGGLES, Slipt.
Fitchburg. Maw., July 10, 1871. dtf mvl
I>OSTON, BARHE AC AKDN ER RAIL
ROAD. 1
<»n and tiller Salurday. Oct. 18, 187’. Passenger Trai
kaves Foster street station, Worcester, at 6.25 r. >1
an arrives at Gardner :il 8 00.
Leaves Gardner al 5.25 a. m., and arrives at Worcester
at 6.53.
Mixed Tram haves linco’n Square Station*, Worccs
ter al. 8.30 a. »L and Gardner at 1.00 r. M a
b 23 dtf IVERS PHILLIPS. I’re-idenl.
WESTWARD, HO! —Tickets for HxS,'
West by all routes, and for all points South, on Hi'Jjm
fcfississippi River, st the lowest rates Apply to JONA
’’.AKNARD, I’ s «n<’ Cannds Exprcsr'V c
ten s Block. Mechanic street, where all IntuTmatfon w ’’|(ip|
J 111 fVWENeU W OKUESTBK It Ai 11"
ROAD.—Summer Arrangement. June 12. 1871. yy
Express Train (stopping only at Womisocket and Uxs..
bridge) leaves Worcester al 10.15 a. ni.; Providence a../.
2.15 p. m.
Accommodation Trains will leave Worcester lor Prov
donee and way stations at 7.30 and 11.30 a m, 4.00 and 6.34—
pm
Providence for Worcester and way stations, al- 7. ID am
11.45 a in. and 4.05 p in. 1 v
The 7.40 a. in (mail) and 2.15 p in. (express) train* frouL e
Providence, and the 15a. m. (express) ami 4 00 p. mr
(mail) trains from Wmcoster, connect at Woicesle.i-p
Junction with trains io am. trom Clinton, 6
Rutland, Saratoga. Montreal, Nashua. Lowell. Lav. i-encer
Concord, and Hie White Mountains; Spring field. Albany
Trov, Niagara Tails,and points North or West.
Through Tickets and Baggage Checked to all import an k ro
points. r r
The Worcester trains, except express and 6.30 p. ml'
connect at Woonsocket Junction with train* to and ironij UT
Milford, and at Waterford with trains of the Boston^ nc
Hartford and Eric railroad. t nn
SPECIAL TRAINS.
Leave Providence lor Waterford ’'.DO a. m.. connectimlta.
immediately with trains for Southbridge, Putnam ant
Norwich.
Leave Woonsocket for Providence at 2.20 p. m. i r/
Leave Providence for Uxbridge at 7.00 p in. ’L,
J,eave Uxbridge thr Worcester at 5.45 a m.
Trains leive MiH'ifi ic -.ter op) Prcvt.fi-nc- at
9.00 ami 11.i.0 a. m. and 430 p. m Woonsocket for Mil
ford al 8.4;. a. m.. and 1,30 and 5.30 p. m.
IK7I mkshiee ra!Er6ad3
IO 4 1. s' MMF.R mLV-iLEMENT-CC'rmcrc
ing MONDAY. M.y 8,1871. ommenc
Trains leave Worcester, Foster Street Dcp.m, at 6 30 M
rn,11.15a m, and 4.20 p. m.; M
1.25 ami pw P m., for Winchendon, In, y. Keene andßc r’<
'ows Falls. gM
Making connecti. n? at p.elu ws Fads wilt, ru. -i.o
li'irtit..-. 11 r t.
Abo v iHi V’ Cemra: R. f.-rYVif'-

HAr. i... st n .t-
curg. Montreal, A*c
T'fk'h. p.. nermtor ot* -o4'.
Wor ester—J. lla!::.a)ii>. Akeni
t.y uny J.,. ~t l it.tMHt- (m.
and North. STEWART, lH|