MEDICAL MURDERERS.

WHFRF THEY ARE LICENSED
KICE MEINE CaM To CATA CP TR cy AN NAAT IX Ta
A RIVAL SHOP IN THE SAME STREET
HONORS, DEGREES AND DIPLOMAS CONFERRED
WITHOUT QUESTIONS, FOR CASH—AMERICAN
AGENCIES IN LONDON.
DEGREES OF ALL SORTS VENDED BY THE ECLEC

Licenses to murder are vended, as THE
TRIBUNE has already shown, like other articles of
Jight manufscture, st exceedingly cheap rates; and
abortionista are turned out with a rapidity not at all re
markable under the circumstances, but eertainly very
appalling in view of the probable consequences to
socicly. Wo have shown with what facliity medical
diplomas can be procured by any unscrupuious rascal
who wishes a license to murder his fellow men under
the disguise of a physician, Although the suhject Was
not wholly new one to the legitimate medical pro
fession, nor the facta as stated entirely unknown, wide
spread indignation was aroused, and numerous letters
trom all parts of the country, of which the following Is a
fair sample, were received at the office of THE TRIBUNE:
fo the Editor of The Tribune.
fir: A& a member of the medical Trofension and
anxions to protect our citizens agaivst fraud and im
wture, 1 most heartily thank you for your exposure in
fe TRIBUNE of the firluuous Kory of Yio Eeicotis
College of Philadolp n granting omas to a
of scomndrels and quacks, without the slightest Rowton:
sions to any medical education whatever, thus egally
suthorizing ignorant pretenders to murder the gp
extnestly hope that you will continue in this praise.
worthy effort until yon have compelled the authorities
of Pennevivania to suppress the nuisance,
NewYork, Oct, 26, 1871. LEWIS A. RAYRE, M.D.
Tre following correspondence was also sent to Tne
grin NE by a physician who had investigated the rascal
ties of the some college, and who vouches for the truth
of its statemi nts, He wrote the following letter to the
Proscident of the College, as he supposed
fyrACcUsE, N. Y,, Feb, 7, 1871.
Jos. S17, M. D., No. 514 Pine-st., Phila.—DEAR BIR:
I have wade wedicine a study for the last two or three
Fears, have practiced a little, yet do not think it safe to
Suctioed without a diploa. My means being somewhat
Linites however, together with sickness in my family, I
am unable to attend lectures with you, as I would other
wise do. Can l vot obtain a diploma from your college
withott attending auy lectures? Will be willing to pay
wi lor one, if Teould, Please address, stating terms,
HIRAM CHAMBERLAIN,
No. 16 Keunedy-st., Syracuse, N. Y.
Tie f00ving is the reply, headed with an elaborate
adi ertiso ment of the American University Hospital, &c.:
PHILADELPHIA, Feb, 14, 1871,
Dr. 1linay CiAMDERLAIN—Dear Sir: For $100 we will
grant 4 perpetual SeBOlATENIp, and confer upon you
two degrees, College and University. Conditions—A
certificate as 10 tue statements made in letter. Very
truly yours, JOBN BUCHANAN.
Ww
Among numerous other letters received on this sub
$c the following suggested the propriety of extending
our inquiry
ENGLAND, Fab. 2, 1871
DEAK SIR: Will vou kindly excuse me for troubling
on for information under the tollowing eircumstances
ed a minister, and have had two pastorates, but
have at present a boarding-school. I have had a good
college education, and the Principal of a collegiate
schoo! in London has written me to say that he can pro
cure me the degrees of A. M. and Ph. D. I requested
him te informa me in what way the degrees were
eo ferred, and he forwarded me a printed paper
cont uning a vumver of classical, mathematical, and
ploosophical questions to be answered, He informed
sue that he had the honor to have been Srpoikieq For
een Seerctary to the University granting degrees, and
thot 11s number of the questions were answered satis
foo tority he wonld get me the degree in 30 days—the foe
Leinge 215. The printed paper was headed, Y Awerican
Vuiversity of Philadelphia.”
Conld von inform me if there be such a university, and
3 it confers such degrees, and in the aforesaid manner.
Y ara avxions to kuow if the affair be bona ide aud gei
wine. Very respectfully, 4.
‘The above letter was writtan by an English clergyman
to an. American correspondent of an English religious
review; otherwise it explaine itself,
Very slight inquiry in this city revealed the fact that
the traffic in diplomas war not conflued to medical col
legos, but that degrees in law, philosophy, and theology
were all obtainable jor the same consideration as the
rauk and buttons of a mandarin. Nearly forty years
ago, the President of the Medical Society of the County
of New-York declared ‘in his annual address that it had
become a trade to manufacture diplomas, and that such
documents were sold about the country at various rates,
Like the werchandise of an itiverant peddler. Since that
tite the business has diminished. Diplomas are scat
tercd broadcast in every State, and every ignorant quack
ean show his parchment 1nscribed in Latin, certifying
ris competency. Doctors of Law, Bachelors of Arts
5 und Science, Doctors of Philosophy, and even of Divinity,
gwarm about the country, sailing under the colors of
chartered institutions, until the very title is discarded by
the men best fitted to wear and to honor it.
Poiladelpbia, perhaps, 18 entitled to the discredit o
being unrivaled fu this braneh of manufacture. In th
former article on this subject, a description wus giver
of the Eclectic Medical College of that city, and the wan
per ln which the business of that instiiution is con
ducted. The writer was not at the time aware that this
College was only a department of the Awerican Uni
_wewsity of runadeiphla, ‘whieh comprises also depart
ments of law, arts, and theology, with a faculty of 4.
fo!) Llown professors, beridg inguugerable a assistants.
Indeed, the Dost careful Investigation Possible of the
entire catabiishment would not have revealed the whole
scope of the stitution. To the naked eye, no evidence
eof this was apparent. Unless the departments of J.
theology, and arts were conducted in a building si ted
in the rear of tho house, which seemed to be used for the
purpoce of s'oring wood and coal, there could have been
no room ontside of the medical department for even the
faen'ty to have stood up, much less the large classes of
students which the publications of the institution claim
Lo reccive,
With letters above given, a TRIBUNE reporter went to
Philadelphia to investigate the facts of the sale of other
than medieal diplomas. Supposing that so great an in
stitution as the American University represented itself
to lie would be well known, he was very much surprised
at being told by several gentlemen that they had never
heard of the object of his search. Reference wae made
to the directory, in whieh, under she head of colleges,
appeared the following American University of Phil
adelphia and Eclectie Medical College of Pennsylvania,
No. 514 Pine-st.; Jokn Fast, President; Conrad F. Clo
thier, Secretary. Faculty of Arts, Theology, Law, and
Medicine.” Following were the names of 43 professors.
The identity of the two institutions thus being estab
lished, further inquiry regarding the University waa
abandoned as a uscless task, What appertained to the
one appertained to the other, as a matter of course, and
Letters were explained without the necessity of investi
gation, According to The Medical Journal, hereafter
alluded to, this institution, which in reality consists of
half a dozen cunning rascals, who do not even pretend
to run three of the departments, possesses equal right
to confer degrees with Harvard oy Yale, or any of the
great universities of Europe.
In addition to the letters given above, a fourth had
also been received from a physician in Penusylvania
tnclosing the following, aud to this recourse was had:
PHILADELPIIA, Dec. 20, 1570.
Dr. JOHN ———i
I fill the chair of chemistry in the Eclectic Medical
Collcge of this city, 614 Pine street, and having under
wtood that you were an VReTEutic Jong ntleman with
a large share of influence in your ne Ee if you
would be so kind as to exert Joureeit in sending me
gtudeats, I wii forward you $30, for each one, as soon as
be iy fees which are $150 entire, and in advance
whiclLis oesp for first class college of 21 years standing
Hke ours is, we graduate Svery three months, and 3eeh
open 9 months out of the 12. Please refer them direct
me, and sll that you send to me shall go through under
flying colors at the expiration of three months, we have
a large class this winter and shall duate quite a num
ber on the first of the year. Yours Bae
J. DUNBAR HYLTON, M.D.
Oftice 339 South 7th street
one
When the professor indited the above epistle, his
asked
PAYEE XIAMGLY IRE RUSWIRAL YT TTT Y ee N
“(an you tell me which is Dr. Hylton’s room ay
Burly countryman (in volee of thunder)—*Don’t
glare of the gentleman from the rural districts, the re
kuow. Ask that man.”
“That man” (the Caucasian in seedy garments) SUg
gested vaguely that Dr. Hylton might be up stairs. The
reporter accordingly squeezed past the gentleman from
the farming region and ascen led a dirty staircase at
the end of the dingy hall. On the second floor, the doors
of several small unfurnished rooms were open, disclos
ing, however, no slums of life. A peculiar odor pervaded
the atmoephere, to avoid which he rushed into
one of tho apartments iu hopes of finding a window and
some pure air, He was here met by a slender youth in a
dressing-gown, who carried in one hand a dangerous
looking pair of forceps. In the background were two
colored women, one of whom held a bloody handkerchief
to her mouth, which she occasionally removed to give
utterance to piteous groans of distress,
The reporter was referred by the slender young man
down stairs, where he met Dr. Hylton as he was entering
the ball. Axain ascending the staircase, he was shown
into a good-sized apartment, one side of whioh was lined
with shelves filled with bottles of preserved fati,
tumors, and other nauseating specimens. Beating
hiwself on a bench, the reporter took an obscrva
tion of the distinguished professor of Chemis
try. Dr. Hylton, in style, is exceedingly similar to Dr.
Buchanan, the President of the College, before described
in former articles, The prominent feature of his coun
tenance is his nose, which 18 rubicund and shiny. His
bair 1s a pale yellow, as are also his eyes, which are de
void of brows and lashes. Like the Rev. Mr. Chadband,
he seems to be constantly engaged in the manufacture of
grease, which flows from his pores with very satisfac.
tory results, to judge from his countenance. He was
dressed at the timo in a bluejflannel sack coat, with
brown vest and trousers, tho latter very baggy at the
knees. He wore a dirty shirt, and paper collar, An antl
quated plug hat, of the small-crown pattern, completed
his costume. The conversation was opened by the Doc
tor, who spoke with a peculiar gasp or gag at the end of
every fifth or sixth word, creattng the impression that
his supply of wind was defective:
Dr. Hylton—* Well, 8jr, what can I do for yout”
Reporter—*I have been recommended to you by Dr.
[here mentioning the name of the physician to whom
Dr. Hylton’s letter was addressed), and am desirous of
taking a short course in medicine.”
Dr. Hylton—*" By whow did you say you were recom
mended $7”
The reporter again stated the name of the physician
and bis residence.
Dr. Hylton—* I du not know the name; however, that
makes no difference. You have come to the right place
fur a thorough medieal education.”
Reporter—* Well, Doctor, I am rather peculiarly situ
ated; being very short of time, am anxious to get
through very soon.”
Dr. Hylton—* Ob, well! All yon bave to do is to buy
your scholarship, attend lectures here three mouths, and
you get your diploma.”
Reporier—* But three months is more time than Ican
apare. Iunderstand that yon graduate students every
threo months; have you no class about graduating now
which I could join ud fraduate with
Dr. Hylton—*No! ejdon’t have any Summer session
now. It's too warm, The students don’t like to attend
at disscetions in tho hot weather, and 1t’s too d—d
fatiguing for the professors. But that don’t make any
difference. You buy your scholarsuip, and as soon as
you cal pass your exawiunation, you cau Lave your
Sploma
cporter—Well, but you see your examinations must he
very cevere, #0 that I would not stand any chunce of
getting through sooner in that way."
Dr. Hylton—'* Ol! they are not very severe, I just aske
afew questions about the antidotes to the principal
poisops, and the other professors don’t bore a mau Ww
death as they do in some colleges. The fact js, the prac
tice of medicine only requires good seuse, and all the rest
comes by experience.”
At this point the Doctor was becoming quite confiden
tia), when the eutrance of a very scedy young Sawboucs
with a sharp face and weak eyes effected a striking
change in his demeanor. The new comer took a seat
upon a loose bench, which he tipped back, and elevated
bis heels on the bench before him. He had the same
colored hair as the Professor of Chemistry, and bore
gome family resemblance to him. It was no surprise to
the reporter, whase recollections of the Pickwick papers
and of Mr. Bob Sawyer pressed him to this youth ad
dressed as Bob.”
Lob—*What in h~1 stinks #0 here
Mr. Hylton—*I suppose it is this experiment that I am
das Joting to a couple of jars connected by a glass
tube. “My corks don't fit tight and some of the gas es
capes. (To the Reporters Now there's a thing that you
ovcht to know. Nine people out of ten can't tell why
rotten meat stinks, nor why the yolk of an agg changes
the color of a spout, and yet it is the simplest thing iu
the world to understand.”
Reporter (irying to resume the confidential tone lof
the conversation before the entrance of Bob)—* Well, you
say the examinations are not very severe. Can you give
mo an idea of the questions asked, so that I can prepare
directly for them. The fact is, X Solid fe out West with
a physician at once, if I could get my diploma. I could
suday afterward.”
Bob—*I know what youlwwant. You have heard that we
scll diplomas here.”
Dr. Hylton—"0h, yes! But we donot; at J rate not
to my Yuowledge. If I knew of any such thing goivg
on Ler, would resign at once.”
The reporter hero disclaimed all intention or des're to
purchase a diploma, but was evidently suspected hv Bob.
who tried to attract his brorner’s attention. Dr. Hylton
went ou to state that the Winter was a very desirable
seasou for agtendiug lectures. ar
y “o Sy
“We stall have.” gald bo, 48 large class Just as soon as
the fellows get their cabbages stowed and their grain
threshed and their potatoes in, Lots of them como over
here from Jerscy in the Winter, attend lectures for a
couple a and go back prepared 10 practice med
feist ih the XDFing.” =o.
Re Jorief"ase the students expected to attend lectures
regularly
Dr, Hviton—“It’a none of our hnainers whether they
attend or not, so long as they buy their scholarship. Bob
and I are both graduates of the Univerrity of Philadel
phia, and we never used to go to old Rogers's lectures,
and always went to sicep under the Professor of Materia
Medica.”
More conversation of a similar natnre ensued, in which
Dr. Hylton and Bob both manifested about as mueh fit
ness for instructors in any branch of knowledge as
horse-jockeys would to be ministers of the gospel.
The reporter turned to take his leave, and was cscorted
to the door by Dr. Hylton, who said, at parting, with a
horrible leer and a peculiar contraction of the muscles
of his lefs eye, “You come here and buy your scholar
ship, and stay a couple of weeks or 80, and you can get
your diploma easy enough.”
The recent agitation and unpleasant notor*ety given to
the selling of diplomas had evidently rendered the Iro
fessor cautious, though none the less anxious, to con
tinue the trafic. Indeed it has been boasted by the
President of the College that the exposition in THE TkiB
UNE was an excellent advertisement, which had put
hundreds of dollars in their pockets.
Previous to leaving, Dr. Hylton quietly asked the re
porter's address, and was handed a card mgcribed “Ed
ward A. Bigelow, Hamburg, Pa.” Thinking that the
Professor had been somewhat intimidated by the pres
ence of Bob, and was disposed to treat further, the re
porter wrote to his correspondent in Hamburgh, asking
him to forward to Toe TrIBUNE offico any letter that
might cowe for Mr. Bigelow from Philadelphia. In due
time the following communication, which proved the
correctness of the reporter’s impression regarding Dr.
Hylton's willinguess to carry on the negotiations, was
received
PATLADELPHIA, Nov. 6, 1871,
JOHN ——a——, M. D.—Sir: A youug gentleman
called on me a few days ago, desirous of becoming a
student of medicine. He referred me to you. At the time,
1 did not remember your name, but since I recollect that
I wrote to you some time ago, through one of your
friends, recommending me to you as an energetic person
who would he likely to send me on rome egtudents of
medicive, for which you should be paid for your trouble.
The young man’s name was Edward A. Bigelow of Ham
porter WIoLe 0 LIS COITesponacay ii namoulyn, assilig
him to forward to Tune TRIBUNE office any letter that
might cowe for Mr. Bigelow from Philadelphia. In due
time the following communication, which proved the
correctness of the reporter’s impression regarding Dr.
Hylton's willinguess to carry on the negotiations, was
received
PHILADELPHIA, Nov, 6, 1871,
JOAN —a————, M. D.—8ir: A Joung gentleman
called on me a few days ago, desirous of becoming a
student of medicine. He referred me to you. At the time,
1 did not remember your name, but since I recollect that
I wrote to you some time ago, through one of your
friends, recommending me to you as an energetic person
who would he likely to send me on rome egtudents of
medicive, for which you should be paid for your trouble.
The young man’s name was Edward A. Bigelow of Ham
burg, Penu. I think he said he was an office student of
your's. Please let me know if he is well posted up in
the science of medicine or not. If he is, please tell him
to call en me some Monday or Thuraial, about 12 m. to
BA p.m. If you should ever he in this city on these days
'y and call and see us yourself,
Yours truly, J. D. HYLTON, M. D.
Prof, Chemistry, Laboratory, No. 514 Pine-st., Phila.
Inclosed with the above was a sort of valentine or
rhythmical essay entitled Hygela; or, a review of
Modern Bchools. Read before the Electric Medical 8o
cicty of Pennsylvania at their 28th annual meeting, Jan.
27, 1871. By J. Dunbar Hylton, M. D., Professor of Chem
istry and Toxicology.” The essay proves to be most in
comprehensible and vulgar doggerel, of which the foi
lowing is a fair sample
flugers were evidently stiffened by the excessive hand
ling of chemicals, as his penmanship is even worse than
his punctuation, to ray nothing of his orthography.
Assuming as wuch as possible the easy grace and dis
#tngué air of a Pennsylvania Dutchman, the reporter
started cut in search of Dr. J. Dunbar Hylton. He first
called at “No. 389 South Beventh-st., one door above
Pine, east side,” where he wae met at the door by a rak
#ebi-looking dumese), who knew nothing of the Doctor, but
Rilently, and swifter than a flash of light,
Bafore my vision sprang a spirit brigh
Draped was she in white, but ‘twas so light and thin,
Through it I could behold her glowing tn,
said that she would ask the “Madame.” Without waiting
And far more beauteous was her graceful form
Than the bow, when first it issues from the storm.
Dr. Hylton had iu the course of his conversation in
formed the reporter that no text-books were required in
the eolléoge. In The Eeleokio Medical Journal, which is
nothing more than an advertisement or prospectus of
thig bogus college, a 11st of seven text-books is given.
Five of these are written and sold by Dr. Buchanan,
who thus makes a very nice profit outside of the regular
fees in which all the professors share. This paruphiet,
beside being {Nlustrated with several horrible caricatures
of diseased countenances, is rendered attractive by a
full-page cut of W, Henry Bowlsby, M. D., who is styled
Beeretary of the New-York State Eclectic Medical As
sociation and Chairman of the National Committee on
Pharmaoopeis, &o.”
to hear from the Madaine,” the reporter hurried sway,
being painfully conscious of sttracting the scrutiny of
various other rakish damsels with whom the neighbor
hood appeared tobe well supplied. Inquiry was next
wade at a drag store in she vicinity, where the reporter
Can you tcH me where Dr. Hylton resides 1”
Clerk—* I don’t know where he Lives, but I guess you'll
Oud him at that Pine-st. college, or Museum of Anatomy,
or whatever they call It. All the Hylton tribe are inter
ested down there.”
The City Irrectory was then investigated, in which tte
name of the Professor did not appesr.- TLé family, how
ever, was represented by the equally aristocratic name
of Btanley C,' Hylton. With some trepidation the re
The pamphlet also proves the statement made above
with regard to Dr. Hyltou’s veracity and integrity. Un
der the head of Fees” ocours he folowing
porter then wended Lis way to the Eclectic Medical Col
lege. On the steps of thet institation an iadividual in
soody garments of sn antique pesiern was engaged in
earnest conversation with a sol t d négre
in a clerical cost aud white cravat. A burly countryman,
with his bands in his pockets, blocked the doorway,
Perpetual scholarship, which entitles the holder
rrecerrenrcss sen
Matriculation fee. ve
The eutlro expense which Dr. Hylton thinks “cheap
After standing on the top step for several moments,
Wibout attracting soy other attention shan the stapid
CruRUBOU JOB. rsrssnenannrvesssiece Ww
LL EEE TR
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1871
"I SLAVE IBS A

IE ot
which leaves the Doctor a margin of §23 8706 PAFEIE F4
for the pupil. If there be any hionor among rogues,” 1%
might be supposed that the Doctor would share the
spoils with his fellows, instead of trying to get ahead of
them In this underhanded way.
1h thea retued trom g1bo she,
1]
The editor also appears to be on unpleasant terms with
the Eclectic School of this city, as he publishes the fol
lowing 1 Col of New-York
f he ch. Medica ow
a Loar fake vier of the Beleetle dled) Dolioge of
gl New-York is rous to fault. The Legislature gia to
coors per capita for al the poor that mar be teatedin dng of a
beoeficiary institutes. Accordingly, an M. D. of Porkopolis m L he
New York and setablished medical oilege sud nang Thee]
were treated 23 patients in 1666-70, on whieh our Potiope Foi hy
to Albany with an a@davit of 9,000 patients, on which be drew 3%
in money. The illustrious Dean of the Faculty the money. For
such flagrant abuses of power the charter is to rescinded. Truly
New-York saffers from the abase of privileges greeted by yh
people. Will the Dean of the College explain be vot ing ros
upon every institution of science with which be may become con
The above extract is printed on the page opposite
the wood cut of Dr. Bowlsby, who 1s represented to be
the professor of Gynmoology In the institution of which
the editor is President. Dr. Bowlsby also claims to hold
his diploma from tho college spoken of 80 harshly, but
was In fact expelled from that institution, and 18 at
present the legitimate possessor of no right so practice
as a physician. It would seom to be unnecessary to col
lect any other facts concerning an establlshmeut, the ob
Ject of which 18 so apparent. In the manufacture of dl
plomas, and the endowment of them upon unqualified
persons, it 1s doubtless without a rival. Its existence 18
disgrace to the educational reputation of the country,
ANOTHER BOGUS PHILADELPHIA UNIVERSITY.
Another application to the directory resulted in the
finding of the following announcement: “The Philadel.
phia University of Medicine and Burgery, South Ninth
st., near Locust.” Following this wore tho names of 14
Professors, including a secretary, treasurer, aud a chap
lain. Subsequent inquiry revealed the fact that, with
the exception of the treasurer, the Faculty was oom
posed of Professors emerilys or in absentia, The real
head manager and owner of the institution was ascer
tained to be one Dr, Paine. Some ycars ago this gentle
man acquired by purchase a number of old and defunct
charters of medioal colleges in Philadelphia, and by
means of a little lobbying and manipulation, managed to
consolidate them under a charter fron the Legislaturo
of the State. The act of charter was obtained under tho
representation that the fnstitution was to be for the cdu
cation of colored students in the scicnce aud art of wed
ico.
The similarity between names of the Philadelphia Uni
versity of Medicine and Snrgery, and the Medical Unl
versity of Philadelphia, will be seen at onco. By any one
not perfectly familiar with the institutions, either might
be mistaken for the other, When it is known that the
latter-namaed is one of the oldest and most honorable in
stitutions fu the country, tho object of the other in select~
ing a name which is liable to create confusion, will be ap
parent to the reader. Under the eaption alluded to the
scholarships of the institution have been advertised ex
tensively through the South and West, and, mistaken for
those of the Medical University of Philadelphia, have
been purchased by hundreds under the impression that
they were buying the scholarships of a worthy school.
A fow days at the College bas always been snflicient to
convince the victims of thelr mistake, Of course the in
stitution, having been legally chartered, redress or repa
ration has been impossible, Many students, accordingly,
have left the College aud gone over to the genuine uni
veraity, while others have passed through the nominal
course of lectures and taken thelr degree. About a year
ago the subject of the sale of diplomas was discussed in
connection with this College, since which time tho man
ager and proprietor has been exceedingly wary. Being
a man of cousiderable acuteuness, efforts to directly m
plicate Liw in the sale of degrees have failed. It Is al
leged, however, by persons who have made the effort to
obtain diplomas without attendance upon the lectures,
that Dr. Paine has off. red upon the payment of
certain fees, variable according to the circumstances of
tho aspirant to collegiate honors, to date back their
scholarships so as to enable the holder to graduate in a
very short time. It Js a fact upon record that students
who have utterly failed in their examinations at the
University of Philadelphia, have obtained diplomas
within a month of their matrenlation at the University
of Mcdicine ard Burgery. This institution ocenpics a
very fair building and outwardly makes a much better
show than its Eclectic neighbor, which is doubtless
owing to its larger patronage, brought] about by exten
sive advertising. By the medical profession of Pllla
delphia both institutions are ignored, as they must
necessarily be by every right-minded physician couver
sant with their history and practices. The following act
of the Pennsylvania Legislature beanng on this subject
was approved in May, 1871, but is already a dead letter:
BrorioN 1. Be (t enacted by the Senate and House of Representa
tives of the Commonwealth of Pennayli ania in General Assembly met,
and (tis hereby enacted Ww the authority of the same, That it shall not
be lawful for any univenity, college, or other institation incorporated
under the laws of this State with power to grant academn.c degrees liou
orary of otherwise, to coufer the same BHOD ABY Person or persons upon
the payment or promise of payment by auy person iu cousideration
thereof; and any person know inely signing a diploma or otheg instrument
of writing parporiing to confer an aesdemie degree when rt pl considera
tion has heen paid or promised 10 bo paid, shall be guilty of a misde
menor, awd on conviction thereof be sentenced to pay a ine not exceed:
jug #300 aud to un'ergo an Lmprisonment not exceeding six wontls, or
buib, or either, at the discretion of ihe Const.
ea
AMERICAN DIPLOMAS SOLD ABROAD.
The following advertisements, culled from London ex
changes, show with what unblushing eflioutery the
diploma traffic 18 garried on abroad:
MEDICAL DIPLOMA. —Unregistered  Doe
tors, desirous of ohbtaininz a FOREIGN DIPLOMA, ean receive
{ustruetions how to proceed, by adiressing MEDICUS, care of
EG REELS. —(Ctentlemncn of ability and posi
v tion cam obtain promotion io Learned Degrees iu Theology, Laws,
Arie, Medieine, Music, and other recognize) orders, Surlet confidence
assured. Address M. A,
PROMOTION in ABRENTIA.—Qualified Sur
geons, Chem sts, Dentists, Oculsis, Chiropodists, Clergymen, ad
Professors of Music or Arte. sspiring to degrees of Foreign Universities,
may conmnunieate with MEDICUS, who will send, gratuwously, iusirves
tons bow to proceed.
DEGREES, M. A, Ph. D., in absentia or
presents. —Qualified gentlemen desirous of proceeding to degrees in
arts, laws, theology, medicine, &e., receive official instroction and advice
by writing to LL. D. N. B.—TlLese degrees asd diplomas are guaraateed
bona fide, Ouly the applications of wuthors aud others pot beri qual.
ified candidates will be replied to. Editors of catch penny newspavers,
busy-bodies, and others suffering froin diseased imaginations need not
trouble thewselves to write, and their personal applications vill not be
attended to,
Tuguiry hag established that the foreign diplomas rere
advorticod ara invariably of American mannfact ire.
TROTTING AT FLEETWOOD TAK.
The unfinished team trot between Honest
Allen apd running mate against Kingston und running
mate, with three other trottinghnatches, attrocted a good
attendance at Fleetwood Iark yesterday. When the
team trot was postponed on Wednesday, Kingston had
won two and ITonest Allen one of the four heats, the
third having been decided a dead heat. Honest Allen
and mate won the fifth heat in 2:21, and the sixth and
race in 2103 Jen heuts having been very closely con
tested, aud the trotting Raving bees at times yg 4
fast. The match between T. ail ch. g. Alor AL
len (formerly Locust) and Dan Mace's b. g. Myron Perry,
for $2,250, was postponed by consent, and a match for
$500, wile-beats, three in five, in naruess, between Myron
Perry and P. Manee’s b. h. W, H, Allen, was trotted, My
Ton Poery won the scoond, and W. H. Allen, the first,
third, and fourth heats. Another match for §200, Le
tween the Jain hires Mose, in barness, and the trot
ting herse Dan, to wagon, mile-heats, best three in five,
wus won by the pacer in three straight heats.
SUMMARY,
FPLrrTWooD PARK, Nov, 8 and 9.—Purse and stake, $2,000, for double
Sans, wile hess, (nab fuse save, 16 BALOAN. ais 3 101948
Ww Carpenter's b. King Bub and. ygny pf oats. so 2 1 3
1. Mace's India Rubber Ben snd wate,
Tyme.
Mile.
2:19
2:13
BANE DAY. —Mateh for $500, mile heals, Laree in Sve, In barnes:
P.Manee’'s b. hb, W. H. Allen. oouvuscnrarsnsnnnnnns 1 2 11
Time, 2:314, 2:28§, 2:29¢, 2:31.
Bane Dav.—Mateh, $200, mile beats, best three in Ave,
Quier's b. Hose, io barucss, Pactgssssesesrsrsrs l
ver's g. g. Daa, to wagon Cesrisaerearariens
Eo ied 2:50, 2:48.
2:
2:0
2:21
2:1
James Johnson (colored) was drowned at Pier 18,
yesterday,
Julius Freyer's cabinet shop, No. 339 Warren-st.,
Brooklyn, was damaged $3,000 by fire, yesterday.
eT TC Ry
Lizzie Wilson, age 4, of No. 785 Eleventh-ave., was
Ad injured, yesterday, by a locomotive of the Hudsen River Kail
a x Awrence Bergen, age 45, of Onehundredand
thrown wagon eatb-ave.,
tenday, and probably fatally injured. ads di
The body of an nnknown man, age 8,5 feet 0
Sidhe high. Baviog black hair and sandy wostache, and wearing red
Ss, Gas pantalosns, and top boots, was found, yesterday, off Pier No,
Charle
xis fciabod Coma tar apn J, Ro
tory, No. 7 yo i Ary wi ey
uh trio aackdsutel death Jas, Tondered, 3%
who. while Intorseated co Oot, 50 ral "Eovcais ibe wheals of 8 Grand
and Forty-second-st. car and wae run over,
An inquest was held, yesterday, at St. Vincent’
Rotpital on the body of wa. Wie whe, site miering from
whe dibaea be ee A et on Sei youd of foe
The Board of
ofthe Tenth Precinct: Wm, P, Beanie apd John H. Keller of the Fif
teenth ror of the Tose Fess of the Nineteenth Frefioat, Wm. 4
he Toearr- bird Preaacirit Prociact: asd Archibald M. Brass
foe
THE TURP.

TROTTING AT FLEETWOOD TAK.
POLICE NOTES.
$11’ THERMOMETER YESTERDAY.
am Noon, 5p w. Midn'ght
53° 66°” 600 5
Long Branch, Roeka a 30a,
song Dranch, T
wi sod Coney Id. N.Y, Baths, Pusiog, L. I
Am, mn, am
r%) 6.01 Dix CCIE
POR THIS VICINITY.
rrvh Fifth page.)
PROMINENT ARRIVAIA.
Fifth- Avenue Hotel—Ex-Gov. Bullock of Mas
snchtisetsy, the Hon. Abiah W. Palmer, Bemitor-elect,
Amenia, N, Y.; the Hon, M. P, Bemus, Mayville, N. Yi
Jndgo larael 8. Bpencer of Byracuse, Prof. J. W. Miles of
Charleston, 8, C.; Thomas H. Canfield of Vermont, An
son Stager of Chleago, and E. F. Winslow of Bt. Louis.
Sl. Nicholas Hotel —Gen. N. P. Banks and family of
Massachusetts, ex-S8enator McDonald of Arkansas, ex
Lieut.-Gov, Bross of Hitsom, J. F. Joy of Detroit, aud G.
B. Linderman of Philadelphia, Astor House—(en.
T. Dent of Washington, the Hon. C. T. Hulburd of St,
Lawrence Co., N. Y., and ex-8enator Cattell of NewJer
90y. Westminster Hotel—Irano Livermore of Boston,
SI. James Hotel—Senator-elect Madden of Mid
dletown, XK. Y.. and the Rev. James Saul of Phila.
delphi, Yetropolilan Hotel—Orange 8, Winans of
Dunkirk, N. the Hon, T, L. Minler of Havana, N. Y.;
Capt. Davenport of the Britdsh Army, and Charles Brod
head of Pennsylvania, Hoffman House—FEx('on
gressmen W. D. Bishop and R. D. Hubbard of Con
necticut, e=== New-York Iotel—The Countess Berti.
patti of Italy, Gen, 8B. E. Marvin of Albany, and Dr,
Casanova of Spain, St. Denis Hotel—Capt. John
Codman of Boston, Grand Central Hotel—G. Do
Sibourg, French Consul at Boston,
AS ASST) MAA A ALICNAL WARR SAA AT WV WY YIN ABN VNIS
House, to-morrow, accompanied by two staff officers,
The canal-tug Vermont was capsized in the
North River, opposite Pier No. 13, yesterday, from the
wash of the steamer Narragansett, and tho colored cook
was drowned.
John Brosnan, 8 machinist, employed in the
Fire Departinent repairing shop, in Eiizabeth-st., was
discharged, Yesterday, by the Superintendent, with the
significant remark that he might possibly “get a Job
from his friend, O'Donovan Kossa,”
Martin Frank, who was sentenced to five
years’ imprisonment for dealing in counterfeit Revenue
stamps, and who has served two years in the Peniten
tinry, was pardoned, yesterday, by President Grant, on
sccount of previous good character,
It is announced that Marshal Sharpe has
gent a request to Gen. McDowell to provide quarters in
some United States fort for Assemblyman James Irving,
who was locfed up in Ludlow-st, Jail, yesterday, on a
arse of aiding in the rescue of a prisoner frow U. 8.
Murshal Dowley.
The following Committees on admissions to
the bar have been appointed by the present General
Term of the Supreme Court: On Examunation—John E.
Parsons, C. Da Costa, Benjamin A. Willis, On Character
—Elllott D. 8uep ard, Roswell D, Hatch, H, E. Tremaine,
M. M, Pomeroy was admitted yesterday as an atloruey
and couuscllor in this State.
The New-York Branch of the North-Eastern
gingerbund will be reorganized this month for the next
General Biingerfest to be held in Philadephia, The ex
penses of the Twelfth General Fingerfest held in this
city last Summer amounted to §23,084; receipts, $20,008;
defleit, $3,070 41, which will bo covered by the German
vocal organizations.
Her Majesty the Empress of Russia will pass
the Winter at Klew, in Southern Russia, for which pur
pose sho has just Lad the Winter palace there entirely
refurnished, and to complete its rcfittings she has or
dered the purchase of one of Steinway Sons’ richly
carved goncert grand pianos for the musie-roon:, nnd vue
ol their new pateut uprights for her private boudolr,
The hearing in the Wurtz will case was re
enced yesterday before Surrogate Hutchings, The tes
tatrix, Mrs. Wurtz, died in 169, leaving property worth
$600,000 to lier nephew, C. PP. Wurtz, The will is con
tested by other relatives on the ground tht the testatrx
resided in France 10 years, and tbat the wal should have
been executed in sccordance wath tho laws of that
country. 3
BROOKLYN.
Deaths, last week, 173, including six from
gil pox,
The Board of Education expended £20,343
lust mouth,
The County Institutions at Flatbush contain
2,317 lumates, sud the Swall-pox Hospital 65 patients,
I'he corner-stono of the new church of the
Reformed Duteh congregation was laid, yesterday after
noon, at Wyckotr-st. and Third-ave., the Rev. Dr. Kim
bali aud the Rev, Dr. Mason conducting the exercises,
LONG ISLAND.
NewrowN.—Large bills of the Bureau of Local
Justice were presented to the Board of Auditors, yester
day. The expenses last year, when Long Island City
was Included In the township, wero $33,000, and it was
expected that with the withdrawal of three fifths of the
population the disbursements would decrease materially.
Tue bills of four Justices amount to $0,500, and of seven
constables, ag estimated from uccountg which were pre
sented, $27,000, The population is 8,000, and the valna
tion of property $2,000,00). An effort will be wade to re
duce the bills when they are brought before the Board of
Supervisors, "._
DBLISSVILLE,~An fuqnest was leld, yesterday, on the
body of a child of Basures Hoinnng, a German, whom its
mother hat starved to death. She Guz a large faodly, and
befug unwilling to support wuother child, kept it without
nourishwent three days,
HUDSON RIVER COUNTIES.
Cuatswonrrit.—A spark from a locomotive
on the New York and New-Haven Railroad sct thie to
dry grass near the road and the flames soon spread into
the woods, destroying timber ou six acres of laud,
MAMARONECK. ~The regidence of Mr. Buco'ey was
burned on Weduesday evening, Loss about 85,000.
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey Crry.—Charles Swann, a nephew of
Gov, Bwan ot Maryland, was ran over yesterday hy a
United States mail wagon in Exclhange-place, and seri
ously imured....Jucoh Leary was fined $50 for selling
goods without license yesterday... Ex-Aldernian Thomas
Gaffney was robbed of a horse and wagon yesterday...
Hugh Bodden, a lodger at the Flest Precinet Police Sta
tion, arose from his bed yesterday morning, and while
temporarily insane, made a murdes sus assault upon Ser
geant Lee with a large iron poker, but was overpowered
by the officer and a policeman,
NEWARK.—The Board of Freeholders reported yester
fay tial the Midland Bridge has been finished at a cost
ob#s,400, and the bridge near Vreeland’s in Franklin at a
cort of £1,265 w.... Neil McLanghlan, arrested for steal
tug, was bailed yesterday in $2,000. ...Bernard Waldron
wus arrested Jesterny for embezzling $126. ...The Com
mon Council having petitioned Judge DePue to issue a
mandamus compelling the Mayor to sign the contract for
paving South Broad-st,, with Nicolson pavement, the
case will be argued on Tuesday.
1HOBOKEN.—Two carpenters, Daniel Ward and Charles
Hagan, age 22, of No, 91j Garden-st.,, while at work on a
seuttolding ut Washingioh and Niuth-sts., stepped at the
game instant upon a light plank, which broke and pre
cipitated them to the pavement. Hagan was Instantly
Killeu, and Ward sustained severe lnjacies,
ele
1.FCTURES MEETINGS. F1C.
The Rev. Clement C. Dickey was 1nstalled,
last evening, as pastor of the Presbyterian Church at
Tompkins-ave. and McDonough-st., Brooklyn. The Rev.
Dr. eo preached,
The 01d Ladies’ Home of the M. E. Church
in Forty-sccond-st. will receive its annual donation visit
this evening, These visits are Intended to i pISTIR the
rlender endowment of the institution. The Rev, Tuownds
Guard will address the company,
The New-York Female Assistance Society
held its 58th annnal meeting in the Reformed Dutch
Church at Fifth-ave, and Twenty-ninth-st., yesterday.
After an address by the Rev. Dr, Ormiston, the report of
the managers, containing statistics and incidents of the
work of the Society, was read. Tho Treasurer reported o
balance of $5,775 81.
A regular monthly meeting of the Medico
Legal Bociety was held last evening in the lecture-room
of the College of Physicians apd Surgeons, at Twenty
third-st. and Fourth-ave. Prof. Lewis Peet of the New
York Institute for the Deaf and Dumb read a Pre on
“The Payson Status and Criminal Responsibility of the
Totally Upedacated Deaf and Dumb,” advocating tho ir
qeapoiaibility of deaf mutes, and legislation to enforce ed
ucetiou in all such cases,
BurNeTT'S COOKING EXTRACTS are the best.
re
UborLriio WoLFE’S CELEBRATED SCHIEDAM
Bcuxarps. —The immense popularity of the world-renowned Anoxaric
Scuiznax Scuxares of Udolpbo Wolfe, New-York, has resulted in fre
quent attempt, of late, at touterfeliing, by persons who wish to find
mle for an inferlor article. This wo diuretic has been promoanced,
br Sueusands of tbe leading Phisias in she country, as the purest me
dicinal restorative offered for sale. Put up in quart and pint bottles, and
for sale by all Druggists and Grocers,
a —_—
ALEX18' APARTMENTS. Cologne fountains
and erclopean masic-boxes are featares Io the apartments of the Grand
Duke at the Clarendon. On a diamond-polnted peg (manafactured ex
pressly for the oceasion, and inserted in one corner of the bedroom) is a
Bat purchased of Knox, 313 Broadway.
rr
“Tnegy Cure!” What Cores? Aver
CEznrny Proronral for a Cough. Aven's Piva for a Pargative. a
AYEn's BARSAPARILLA for the complaints that require sn alierat
medicine, Lit
The prompt arrest of diseases of the bladder,
kidneys, urinary and genital organs, and other complaints of a similar
Batre, is lnsured by the agency of Hxrunorp's Buonv,

GeNTs’ DRESS HATs.—Hebberd, 419 Broadway
wear Canal-ot, hag the best—his stock of dross and wudress bats 1a larg
Blk Hate, $7; Boys’ and Children's Hata
PROMINENT ARRYVAIA
NFEFW YORK CITY.
|ABnouncements.
Citizens and strangers who desire a tasty
Sarat th kf Supusar quality, should eafl at BspxascusiD’s, masn
llr at.
THe BEST PLACE in New-York to bny Revr
ARLE WaTcams, mes DIAMONDS, RICH, FASHIONABLE JowrinY, aud
STEMLING HILVER, 1s BQuink's 97 Falton-st, Diamonds a spealty.
—n
BreacmiNg, CLEANING, and DyYrING OFFI0Rs
of B. Lorp, 934 Broadway, nour Pweniy-sccondet., 419 Broome-st., sor
Broadway, Made-up garments, laces, §loves, ke., cleaned,
FINE WATCHERS,
RICH JEWELRY,
CHOICE FANCY GOODS,
AT
SCHUYLER, HARTLEY GRAHAM,
19 MAIDEN-LANE, 22 JOHN-ST,
PD EATITIETT. SNOW! AND OTHER POEMS.
PBEAUTI FUL SNOW! AND OTHER POEMS.
New and Enlarged Edition, By J, W, Watson. KATE KENNEDY,
By Mes. C. J. Newbe, KATR O'DONOGHUE, By Charles Lever
LIFE OF CHARLES DICKENS. By Dr. R. Shelton Mackenzie,
FANCHON. THE CRICKET: Or, “La Petite FaomrTe.” By
George Saud. DENE HOLLOW. By Mrs. Henry Wosd,
And other New Books are Jubjished this du by
T. B. PEVERSON BROTHERS, PHILADELPHIA,
and are for sale by all Beoksellers and New Agents.
BEAUTIFUL SNOW!
BEAUTIFUL SNOW AND OTHER POEMS. New and enlarged
elition. By J. W. Watson, In issuing the Jenn rew nd enlarged
edition of BEAUTIFUL SNOW,” several ot oF joes written by Sir.
Watson, and uot ineladed in the inst edition, have been added to it, nz.
“The Kise in the Street.” WouM that he were Dead” What I
Baw,” {lease ilelp the Blind," Bomew bere to Go” and Sa tugine
in the Danes.” The poem which lends its name to the book, BEAUTI
FUL SNOW,” treats a well-worn subject with orlzinality and feeling as
once delicate and intense, The despair of the wretched outcast, as she
watches the falling of the pure, beaotiful, vet cold ani Snleeng mow,
and remembers that she Was once as fair and pure, is depicted with true
artistic effect. All the forms In the volume possess gieat interest,
and display a lively and ple:saat fancy, as well as a genaine, hearty sym
Phe wth the jogs and serrows of bumenity. They will take song
hold of the heart and memory, and will live unl last because they touc
many chorda of human sympathy.
Tlie universal press of the country received the frst edition of Beau.
titul Snow” with the highest commendation, and especially spoke of Mr.
Watson a8 a poet of the nighest order, and one who apjuals dirvetly to
the human heart; ana tiis New and Enlarged Fdirkn will be eacerly
sought for by all who love the beautiful. Deaauful Suow and Other
Poems” is comple’e in one large octavo volame, and is printed on the
tinest tinted plate paper, A in morocco cloth, with beveled boands,
gilt top, gilt «ide stanp and back. it is one of the bandsomest volnuies
ever issued in this country, Price, Two Dollars. An edition of it is
#180 pul Lshed saitable for a presentation gift, hound with full gilt sides,
Jul gilt edges, and gilt back. Price, ‘Lhree Doliars,
MRS. J. C. NEWBY’S GREAT NOVEL,
FATE KENVEDY. A Novel. By Mrs. J. C. Newhr. Being the fret
volume of av £Bep, and popular‘aiion of the celebrated novels of
Mrs. J. C. Newby, to Le issued at ouce by us. Complete in one large
octavo volmine, }rice 50 cents.

_* Above books are for sale by all Booksellers, or will be sent post.
vad ou receivt of price by the publishers.
T. B. PETERSON BROTHERS,
$306 CHESTNUT-ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA.
vy ory ol
the DISTRICT COURT of the UNITED
STATES, for the Northern District of New-York —IN BANK
PUPTCY—In the waiter of THE WESTERN INSURANCE COM.
PANY. a Bankrunt. ‘The undersigned hereby gives notice that be has
been dul? appointed Special Receiver of the property, assets and effects
of The Wester Insurance Company, which has been sijoteed a8 Bank
rapt by the Distr. t Coast of the Uuitel States, for the Nortoern District
of New-Yors, aud that ali persons have been enjoined by the onder
aid Conrt {rom making, av! are forbidden to make, any payments of a
debts to said Bankrupt, or toe delivery of any property belonging to is, to
said Lunkrapt, or any of its oificers, or any otuer gerson, except the un
derived as such Recev or, or from in ary manner interfering with or
removing any of the property of said Bankrupt, except for ‘he security or
reservation thereof. GIBSON T. WILLIAMS,
Dated Buffalo, Nov. 2, 1371 Rpecial Receiver. &e.
»ILES! PILES! FISTULA, &c.!
Pies, Inter: al, Frteroal, Blind, Bleeding, Lebiog &e., positively and
wrmaneatly cured hy W. A. McCANDLISS, M. 1. of 2,001 Arch-at.,
biladelphia, and now at St. Nicholas Hotel, where be can be visited
at Roow 3591 unt] the 16th inst, Also copes “istula, Fissare of the Anas,
Prolapsus, Stiicture, and a.l Ulcerativus of the lower Bowel, Charges
moderute, All consu tations free,
r ry
1GIHT LOCOMOTIVES FOR NARROW
4 (3auge Railrouds, contiactory’ use, construction, shiftlag, wooden.
rails, furnaces. and mills, quarries, mines; ponform to stee) grades, sharp
curses, light rails, pacrow-zanges, and low taunels, Send for circular aad
inforination desired, PORTER. BELL Co. Piushurgh, Penu.
r7 ERO REFRIGERATOR, with Water Cooler,
4 is the best Meat, Fruit, aud Ice preserver in the world. ALEX.
M. LESLLY, 05 Sixth ave. Bead for book,
HA I YOUR HOUSE! Save your Fuel!!—
Send for Circulars, C21] and examive EDWARDS'S COMBINED
RANGE AND FURNACE. 243 Waterst. SAML, J. HOPKINS.
DHOTUGRAPHS.—New style Shadow. Porce
lain Miviatare, #5 each. R A. LEWIS, 160 Chatbao-st.
rPHOS. R. AGNEW, 260 Greenwich-st., N. Y.
Chotee GROCERIES, TEAS, FISH, ete.. wholesale and retail.
BALL, BLACK (0,

NEW DESIGNS IN
SILVERWARE
Their Own Manasture
WE DDING PRE SENTS.
FISHONBLE CLOTHING
COLFAX OVERTON
234 and 233 Broadway,
OPPOSITE NEW i OFFICE.
TRIMMINGS
DRESS
IN ALL THE NOVELTIES,
INCLUDING
GIMPS, FRINGES, BUTTONS, VELVETS, SILK on the Bias, PLUSH
RIBBONS, LACES, in Gaimpure and Black Thread, FUR TRIMMING
in Chinchilla, Sable, &c., MARCELINES, CAMBRIC, and PAPER
MUSLIN, WADDINGS, Cotton and Wool for linings, SEWING
SILKS. in Spools and Skeins. HOOKS and EYES, WHALEBONES,
TAPES, and a full live of NOTIONS, COLORED FRINGES and
GIMPS made to order.  DRESS-MAKERS and the TRADE supplied on
liberal terms.
E. A. MORRISON,
S27 BROADWAY, NEAR 123TH.ST.
BUFFALO
ROBES,
WOLF ROBES, CARRIAGE ROBES,
SLEIGH ROBES,
LAP ROBES, HORSE BLANKETS,
vy, for sale by
The largest collect!
SAMUEL SHE THAR Co,
OTIS’ wichiners.
MARVIN&CO'S
ARE THE BEST
265 BROADWAY.
PRIVATE DWELLLNGS aa ether buudiagy by STRAM or WATER
BA
Cor. Host wp Oreenes s., New-Tork
(the oldest and argu at wetabhabment of 1h of the o kind in the United States)
Desssiptive pam and estimates farnisbed on applestion,
TIFFANY [p.
UNION-SQUARE,
SILVERSMITHS,
HAVING THEIR QWN PACTORY (THR LARGEST DEVOTED
TO THE MANUFACTURE OF STE! LING SILVER IN THB
UNITED STATES). ARE ABLE TO Ol FER VERY CHOICE AND
UNCOMMON FANCY ARTICLES, IN CASES,
DINNER AND DESKERT SETS, TEA SERVICES, a
OUTFITS OF FORKS AND SPOONS AT PIXED PRICE
PER OUNCE.
VV ANTED—Superior SALESMEN for our
Fancy Goods Department, A ray rt. be mde by lotr,
Bargains in Fancy Goods.
Tomes, Melvain Co.

6 Maiden-lane,
Ofer an attractive stock, just received
from don, Berlin, Vicana, and Pari
DIAMOND SPECTACLES,
IF YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
USE THESE
PERFECT LENSES,
GROUND FROM MINUTE CRYSTAL PEBBLES,
Melted together, and tive fret name D'amond on acenant of thelr
HARDNESS snd BRILLIANCY. They will last many years witbous
change, nd are warranted saperior to all others iu use,
MANUFACTURED BY
SPENCER OPTICAL MANUFACTURING C0.”
NEW-YORK.
CAUTION, —None genuine unless stamped w th our trade-mark.
For sale by responsible Agents throuchout the Union. Bold in this city
br the following Jewelers and Opticians:
HOWARD Co,. No. 665 Broadway,
T KIRKPATRICK, No. 305 Proaiway.
2 CHAPMAN, No. 1.240 Broadway,
BENEDICT, No. 23 Lowers,
i JOHNSON ROBINSON. No, 130 Bowery.
P. SQUIRE, No. 182 Bowery,
R. FER IS. No. 231 Righth-ave,
F. C. GLEASON, No. 2.326 Third ave,
C. H. PHELPS, No. 673 Sixth-ave.
H. 3  8QU IRE, No. 97 Fultou-st.
G. WELSH, No. 244 Greenwich-st.
Rpg
French Clocks,
BRONZES,
MUSICAL BOXES.
ALEX. M. HAYS Co,
23 Maiden-lane, N. Y.
Branch Store—Vifteenth-st. d Unionesquare.
Eutrance on A 4
AGAIN IN THE FIELD.
THE
MERCANTILE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF THE CITY OF NEW.TYORK.
OFFICE, No. 166 BROALWAY,
Chartered 1892,
CASH CAPITAL. .oovvvinnieisanssnsnsrsnnisiong ,000
Insores against Loss and Damage hy Fire on Buildings, Merchaodin,
Nousehold Furniture, Vessels in Port, Rents, and other inserable prop
erty, on reasonable terns
BOARD OF DIRECTORS,
WM. A. THOMSON, A. R. VAN NEST,
CLINTON GILBERT JOHN C. MAKTIN
BENJ, PF. WHEELR!GIIT, FERDINAND LAWRENCE,
JAMES SUYDAM, J. B. RUMRILL,
E. H. OWEN, CZAR DUNNING,
JOIN M. DAVIES, JAMES M. JONES,
GEORGE MERRITT JAMES MTUART
JOSEPH STUART, EBENEZER BILL,
ISAAC N. PHELPS JOSFPH SLAGG,
SAMURL COLGATE, C. ABERNETHY,
WILLIAM BARTON, WM. WALTER PHELPS,
W. i. VERMILYE. TAMES R. SMITH,
STEPHEN PHILBIN, GEO. B, GREER,
URIAH J, SMITH, WM. A. ANDERSON,
JAMES STOKES, jr., FL WARD SMITH.
WILLIAM A. ANDERSON,
President,
C. W. PARMELER,
Secretary.
The injnnetion granted Oct. 31, 1871, on the application of Wm. L. iL
Owens, was dissolved Nov. 3 and the receiver discharged immediately oa
hearipg the arguments presented on behalf of the Company and the
statement of the Hon, Geo, W. Miller, Superintendent of the lasarance
Department. The said Owens purchased 10 shares ($500) of the stock
of this Company at about 10 o'clock a. m.; it was transferred on the
books at noon, and the receiver was in the office of the Company wid
the injunction before 3 o'clock, all the same day.
Cowment is unnecessary.
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Office, 135 Broadway,
Branch Office, 586 SIXTH-AVE
After providing for its Losses by
the Chicago Fire to the amount of
$2,000,000,
this Company, with more than
$2,500,000
of Assets remaining offers reliable and
well proved Security to all seeking
Insurance against Loss or Damage by
Fire.
CHARLES J. MARTIN, President.
J. H. WASHBURN, Secretary.
New-York, Oct. 30, 1871.

HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW-YORK,
CHARTERED IN 1825.
NO. 66 WALL-ST.
Cash Capi, $5000
Insures against Loss
and Damage by Fire
on the most favorable
terms, SAMUEL T. SKIDMORE, President
H
THEODORE KEELER, Secretary.
W. R. SKIDMORE, Ass't See's.
pt
The Liverpool Lon
don Globe Ins. Co.
Assets Gold, 820,000,000
in the
United States, 3,000,000
45 William St.