rp ro aif te als
voy avis Maw #1
s
ny
vom0 'A
LAY
nl
4 4 I~ 4 g t i Jo
1 rife os fia na h by a oll, wl forse
b A A Me yaw ve hed
-w 7. orp reg i a
oz mdi ord To nit
Ty te me
RAE EAE... oii GAMERS Lol Bettini EVOL INL bac Bll oon te bi tl
vor. X X XI...N°®- 9,551. NEW-YORK. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1871 ABER FOUR Ey
io
yb
nantly took rather
REFERER
TAMMANY MISDEEDS.
TAF CORSPIRATORS AT BAY.
TWEED ON THE VERGE OF RESIGNATION~—~GEN.
MCLELLAN UNWILLING TO SUCCEED HIM—
INGERSOLL NOT YET ARRESTED.
Most of the people who have been seen at
Mr. Tweed's office nearly every day for month past
and Win i yesterday, and lay in walt as usual in
the halls of the Department of Public Works. Bome
asked interviews and obtained them, while others merely
Jounged about in the hope that Mr. Tweed might see and
recognize them as friends willing to sacrifice thefr
worthless prospects in any other direction for whatever
erambs might chance to drop from the rich man’s table
before his final downfall. Of late Mr, Tweed has care
fully avoided reporters, who have much difficulty in ob
taining access to bim.
The intention of Mr. Tweed to resign the Commission
ership, denied by himself several tines, was reasserted
yesterday by a person who had a shere in the council
beld to select a successor. This gentleman said that
when the matter was mentioned to Gen. McClellan, he
heoded the advice of two friends, and decided to take no
part in oity polities. Another successor, it is alleged, has
boen named. Mr. Tweed, it is also sald, will plead as his
reason for resigning the necessity of giving his whole
time to legal refutation of the charges made
against him by the people, and the mecessity of
preparing for the resistance which he expects to
meet at Albany, if he remains in the country until the
Legislature meets. Mr. Tweed is very reticent on mat
ters connected with the suit against him, Yesterday
two of his counsel were reported at their officers as out
of town,” and it is supposed that they went to Albany
on business connected with the legal proceedings agaiust
thelr client.

Mr. Tweed advanced, yesterday, $9,900 to pay the
small-pipg men on the Croton Water Works.
Mr. Ingersoll did not appear at the Sheriff's office yes
terday. He 1s still with his fatifer at Orange, N. J., and
grave doubts are entertained as to his ever surrendering
uimself to justice.
rn
TAMMANY EXTRAVAGANCE.
£HE RATE AT WHICH SALARIES WERE AD
VANCED DURING TWEED'S REIGN—WHAT
THE PERSCNNEL OF THE CITY GOVERNMENT
COSTS.
Deputy Controller Green has refused to pay
the Recorder and City Judge the salaries they have been
receiving for the past two years, on the ground that they
ure not entitled to them under the law. The statutes of 1669
prohibit an increase of salaries and the creation of any
vew offices except what may relate to the Burrogate's
ofice; but on Dec. 27, 1869, the Legislature passed an aot
raising the salaries of Recorder and City Judge from
$10,000 to $15,000. Mr. Green claims that not only are
they not entitled tojthe $15,000, but also that the amount
paid in excess of the $10,000 per aunwn since January,
$870, should be deducted from the amount due them,
This case now in course of litigation is not the only
nor the most glaring illustration of the lavish expendi
ture made under the sway of the Ring. Appended is a
comparative statement of the amounts paid per annum
to some of the city officials and the Judiciary dunng thie
and a previous year. The year 1863 is selected because
at that time the Rebellion was most formidable, the price
of gold the highest, and the value of provisions and
other necessaries of life greater than st any period be
1871. 1863.
PT PIII AP PLR ow cessessaes SHON $4,000
COTGINDRGR 4 230 250 sus sates vcs esses seid 6,500
1s Alderien, CASTRO. «overt ozsur eer es 60,000 18,000
21 Assistant Alderson, each $4,000. 84,000 25,000
Corporation Counsel. ........o.coveineuine 19,200 10,000
PALION ALLOTDOY «verses «ner. en- oees 12,000 4,000
Pa ABEIRIAtIACOr. coo 2 ouvenereencnes 4,000 1,250
tendent of Bufldings.... 6,000 2,500
Civil J each §10,000...... cesessue 90,000 27,000
6 Po Bptlecy, en each Hw eases vs ver. 50,000 20,000
14 sof J Court, $:,000......... 56,000 28,000
Bupréme Court J A by suns,
Brat, each 6,000... 1" 17/500
cle Gourt des each $15,000. 30,000
Clr (rides perquisites), year
SINR 16,180 3,000
6 J FA Pleas, each $15,000... 90, 5% 30,000
fore Or sluce*
57,000
30,000
68a 90,000
Chief 6,000
County
Clerk of Common Pleas. Fa
é a Judges of Xhne Court, “each $10,000. 00000 24,000
Clerk of Marine Court.............cc.c... 4,000 2,600
Recorder, ¥isoo, and an allowanee of including
$.000 000 for cler and $2,400 Yor office ellowes,
400 9,000
H, Yadge: "$18,000, and an aliowance "including
trig El clerk hire and $2,000 for allow’cs,
20,200 8,400
Sessions and Oyer and
4,000
3,500
6,600
Chiof or terk in Surrogate’s office. 4,800 2,600
Rmployéas of Sheriff's office.............. 49,500 8,000
Employés of County Jall................ 11,200 3,600
Commissioner of rr (new office). 15,000 sree
NOFIOIIEN, 2 cx vos 0s 46 evens sees 5
aus rerenniiecesnseenses 6,000
«eo.
Counsel to Commissioners of Taxes and
Assessments, Silas Riizeroand {ew of
TT TLE EE LE EE y
Collection of Arrears and Personal
Taxes —bills made out in name of and
Joie. to one Andrew J. Smith (vffice in
Pr TO 18,500
4 Coroners from June to Sept. 1, 1811
80,000 16,000
or rate ceases
8,600 1,000
COroner'e0lerk. ......coovnereeafnnninnnnns
3 82,000 10,500
District-Attorney...... Cena sent vee 15,000 7,000
Three Assistant Y District. Attorneys so 24,000 7,000
Sueriff—year ending June 80............. 79,816 10,000

No one in the Auditor's and Controller's office has any
rnowledge of the duties of A. J. Bmith, Charles E.
Loew, County Clerk, for the three months” ending Dec.
81, 186), was paid $10,444 16. The above table shows in
the few offices enumerated during the past eight years
an increase of the salaries from $327,000 to $1,155,000, or
580 per cent advance. In the above table no gocount is
taken of the amounts paid to the members and clerks of
the new bureaus and commissions created by the Ring,
nor of the proportionate increase of salaries pad to the
tyousnpia of clerke in the different departments, offices,
end co of the city and county.
HOBBY, s 4 sans ssicrsenienas resus $1,155,808 $326,850
DING REGRETS AND SCHEMES.
William M. Tweed lately remarked that if he
had known the intense feeling the people had against
Tammany Hall he would not have permitted Shandley
or sy one allled to Tammany to be nominated. He
would have iguored all regular Tammany candidates,
and selected persons from the mercantile community.
Fe regrets that Tammany Hall did not place a popular
German upon the ticket in opposition to Sigel, as he
attributes the defeatffof Tammany to the votes of Ger
man Democrats.
Sheriff Brennan says that Tammany Hall is dead for
two or three years, and that it will take the Demooratio
party that length of time to recover. As his office does
not expire within two .years from next January, it is
thought by some that he will remain yuiet-until the Fall
campaign precedjug that time, when he may again be a
candidate for thegMayoraltyjor. some other important
political position.
The report that Sweerly is endeavoring to reorganize
Tammany Hall 1s by good suthority denied; but it fs
said without contradiction that he 18 on the eve of new
departure—that he 1s arranging ‘his affairs and packing
his trunks for an extended Edropeqs tour;’ to remain
abroad until after the Presidential campaign of 187%]etting
the Demoeratic party take care of itself in the interval.
SWINDLING THE BSHOPKEEPERS.
SHAT IT COSTS TQ DISPLAY A SIGN-BOARD—THE
LEECMES OF THE MAYOR'S OFFICE—" SEBRING”
THE CORPORATION ATTORNEY.
The extortions of the Mayor's Marshal and
his subordinates in demsnding foes from storekeépers
for the privilege of putting up signs, or keepltg show
cases ou the sidewalk, prove upon investigation to be even
wore wide-spread and outrageous than at first appeared.
TRIBUNE reporiers weno sent yesterday‘ to viait mef
chants on Vesey-st., Fulton-st., and Sixth-ave., ued een
‘Tenth-and Fourtesath-sts, add to learn thelr
in regard to this styde of municipal swindling. A very
large majorsty were found to have suffered from oxdrbi
tant charges, Wait fines, or Sawarighi ack, ®d
Teele f Batowmn f ANONHEF
a
The reporter who on the owners
pants of Walking in Vesey-st., from Brosdway to the
North River, 1owpd general complains that great par
tiality hed been éhown by the oficialé in compelilag cer
tain pernons to pay for Jifvilegt which Sith Alia tw
Nos. 31 ao 8 Vasa ot, Reve s sign consitiug of ab Im
wouse lattes B, made of wood, sespandad over
walk, at» Bight of 49 feed, oh Vie Jive cariiih
vou ls paid animolly. Mecently tucked
swall piece of ssavad. wned whigh wero loecribed the
hous, it was discovered by ome of the Mar
shal’s detoctiyes, and the result was that
the company had to pays fine, On another ocossion the
Same company removed a foreign flag which they had long
suspended in front of their store, and put up an Ameri
can flag in its stead. The foreign flag escaped the notice
of the Marshal’s men, but the Ameriean colors instantly
attracted thelr attention, and the company had another
fine to pay. Another tea firm doing business at No. 89
Vesey-st., complain that they pay $30 for privileges which
some of their neighbors get for less money, or for
nothing. A man who keeps a grocery on the south side
of Vesey-st., sald he never paid anything for Moenses for
sign-boards and show-cases. “Some fellows” said he,
‘have s habit of coming around to see me, but they don’t
bother me mush, anyway I don’t pay any attention to
them,” The following Interview was with a veteran
merchant who does business near the foot of the street:
Panty the sign off and it into his store
When the reperter stated hie grrand, Wall, sald the
Jetchan, “1 can tell ou one thing. Fields owns a
ile swa Jound dog for which he paid #500. Now, men
who get r money honestly don’t usually pay such big
frisek for pet puppies. 1 eg gb Lg for tha
ttle dos when Jia fines for I'S gs on the
sidewa Money comes easy goes easy, you know.
I never see that little dog. which cost $180.4 potind, ridin
gut in the carriage with m Fields and his y that
140 not think te iyseld, there 1a nice Hitie an! in
which I have an in of in the
Rejortel.-Oan you give me foformation on
ug and Show-Side Aree
erchant—~I could on the subject all day, and not
tell you Half I know about it. There is very little fair
g in tins licensing and fining business. On one
occasion I was informed titat I had violated the law, and
Joust spear af 8 dertatn court in the city at 90’ in
the moriing soswer, I live 30 miles out of town, and
the M well knew that the trains did not run so that
I could come to the city at the hour specified, Because
he Rad 2 grudge aginAt me he wanted to make me extra
trouble. attend the court I was obliged to remain in
the city over night, Jeaving my fawily half frightened to
death as to my whereabout. I know of a case where a
man wae fined $40, and he settled the case by seeing” a
certain official and paying mim $17. As Iam notin the
habit of seelmg” officials they make me come down
with the full amon when ey gota Ber)
The reporter found that, altho all kinds of dealers
had more or less grounds for complaint, the tea compa
nies were more imposed npon than any other class.
The sidewalks on Vesey-st. are crowded with merchan
dise, and in some Slates it ie almost impossible for pe
destrians to make their way throughtthe wares. Favored
individuals are permitted to violate the law with impu
nity. In several instances Jerson have busifiess
stands on the sidewalk, for which they Jor she oity a
merely nominal sum, but where they do a large business
and make more profit than many men do who hire
stoves and pay rents. One business man in Vesev-st.
told the reporter that he wae iu favor of cleanng every
thing from the sidewalk and in front of bulldings, and
revoking all permits, for if no permits were granted
1haig would be no opportunities for fraud on the part of
public officials.
FULTON-8T. EXTORTIONS,
In Fulton-st., one firm, dealers in wooden-ware, pay $10
a year for the privilege of unloading and loading goods
upon the sidewalk. Formerly they were constantly an
noyed by fines of $40 or $50, but they always managed by a
viiit to the office of Corporation-Attorney “Tom” Fields
to settle the fine for $5 or $10. One peculiarity of these
fines was that théy were generally inflicted about
election time. Lately the firm have settled the matter
by obtaining a yearly permit. Another gentleman is
obliged to pay the same amount for the privilege of
keeping a eign fastened to the railing of the steps of his
store. In case there are a number of signs, more Is
required. If a merchant wishes to place a show-case
containing samples of his goods upon the sidewalk,
he must obtain a permit” for that also, even
if it 1» upon the steps of his store; if
it projects more than twelve inches beyond the
walls of the building, it is an obstraction, sud mast be
paid for. If jhe has a small sign upon the top of the
chow-case he is fortanate if he {s not obliged to pay for
that also. One firm in Fulton-st. wished to hang ry Fo
ner across the street; $25 was demanded for the yoivi
lege, and they did not put up the banner. A stencil
plate firm, osSulying a third story, has a cloth banner
about three feet square Pwesuink about six feet from
one of their windows; this obstruction” costs them
$10 per annum.
0 matter how high above the street or sidewalk the
sign may be, it must be paid for. A tobacconist, near
Nassau-st., has a strip of cloth about a foot wide and
six feet long, bearing his name, fastened to the iron
awning support in front. It costs him $10 a year to keep
it there. large Slothing firm fis obliged bm
Len Fiat, SEA Eo ntl
0
ments near Nassau-st., recently a wooden rr
over the sidewalk and soon after received notice that
they had violated a corporation ordinance.” A mem
ber of the firin called at the office of the attorney and
received a lecture on the enormity of the offense of
hanging a eign where it ie fall upon the Sut by,
The officials then offered to let it remaio for $3. It was
taked down. In another case they were summoned wo
pay a fine of $15. At the office the elerk offered to com
mute the fine for less than half, but would not give a re
ipt.
case a firm neglects to take out a permit, or waits a
few days after the year 1s up before renewing the per
mit, they receive notice to appear at a court, geueratd in
some distant part of *the oy to show cause why they
should not pay a fine for Violakthg a corporation ordinance.
A visit is ped to the office of the Corporation Attorney, and
the case is settled by paring the costs,” generally about
$12. These notices are circulated wholesale, being thrust
under the doors or fastened to them. Bome merchants
absolutely refuse to pay any attention to them, but the
Iority would rather pay than expelinp the trouble
and annovanoe of prosiug them. me get off with a
fine as low as 85, and the sums run from that up to $20.
All join in pronouncing it 8 most outrageous swindle.
SIXTH-AVE. SUFFERERS,
In Bixth-ave., the first place entered for the purpose of
inquiry, wae a stove store, the owner of which had sev
eral old stoves standing on the edge of the sidewalk. He
sald an unknown man informed him that his permit to
have them left there would cost $10, which he accord
ingly paid. A grocer sald he did not know te whom the
money went, but he knew that his charges for having
goods displayed on the portion of sidewalk provided by
law for every one to use for that purpose without taxa-
tion, had lately amounted to $10 per annum. Another
grocer has a large tin-rodted awning over the side
walk, #ud, although the walk 1s covered with
goods, he pays but $8 a year for his permit, which
he obtains of the Mayor, i the aid of an Alderman.
In another instance, a grocer paid #11 for a permit to ex
hibit goods on the sidewalk and to use an awning, pre
ciselysas is done by the grocer who paid but $3. He fur
ther stated that he left a few barrels of goods on the
edge 601 the sidewalk, a few (lays ago, not having time to
bring them in, when policeman told him he must pay
a fine. Accordingly he went down to the court-room, on
the corner of Twenty-third-st. and Seventh-ave., found
the clerk of the court, and asked him how much the bill
would be for having those goods on the sidewalk for a
day. The clerk replied #7 50, which the grocer paid, the
clerk putting $2 of it in bis own pocket while the grocer
was looking at him. A bystander, who was not very
favorable to the proceedings of the clerk, told the groper
that it he would watch him he might see him pocket
the rest pretty soon.”
A dealer in crockery and glasswire has a small show
case in front of hie store, upon which he hae to pay $10
for permit, whieh he gets signed by an Alderman, and
then pays for in the Mayor's office, Mithough the case is
on the slotted space prescribed by law for the exhibition
of gooda witliout taxation.
A trunk and teaveling-bag desler had a small case be
side an iron railing, where it was not in the way of any
one, but msn came around sad assessed him for it at
the rate of $10 year. His place of business 1s in base
ment, and he ls compelied to resort to this means to let
people know whut he is doing. A boot and vy Gealer
with an awning over his sidewalk is to pay $3
a year. with
satisfaction. wae store of a gentle
tained any sa Ts at. dew whan the sollsctor came

el 1 uERTTOY YAGRANGEW AVuafiaT Yaa Hf0Y-wWan
AN OID EWINDLE REVIVED.
eI
THE PROPERTY-HOLDERS OPPOSING THE PAY
MENT FOR THE BROOME-3T. WIDENING—
CARDOZO AND O’GORMAN ACCUSED OF OOM
PLICITY IN THE FRAUD-—THE LEGILATURE
TO BE APPEALED TO.
A committee of citisens, consisting of Messrs.
J.D. Williamson, John Purcell, aad P. J. Burke, prop
erty-owners on Bropme-st., waitéd on Deputy Controller
Green, yesterday, asking him to refuse to issue the as
sessment bonds for the widening of Broome-st., which
have been ordered by Judge Cardozo. Their request was
based on the fact that frauds were committed in the
Jaying of the sssccaments and sppraisemeni of the
property taken. The history of this scheme is well
known.
Thestreot is obstructed by the Sourt-rars of six houses
which extend beyond the per ts. These oourt
ards Toally belons to ihe dity, and are not parts of the
Jot 00 w h they fromt, permission having been given
the owners 60 years to extend their courts, but the
Jroperty the  eiosod was tot given away by the eity.
tis however, by the presentiowners of the lots
they face, and in the awards by the Broome-st. widening
cs Mean i YOLT ALES oom ats DOOR Ai
ser; and James a very large sum has been al
Jowed them. The total assessments en the property
widening (36 feet an) ta" on. “Theis as
Darefaced o fraud as that Cha
Ihe CoMmiTioe So clature with view Rh Ca ie
Judge Cardozo and Riohard O'Gorman, whom they
charge with conniving at the fraud. The nts of
the citizens Jere Juus heard on July 18 Tash before
Judge Cardozo. the argument Mr, an
took Mr. Williamson aside and promised him that
if the argument was discontinued the assessment
should be remodeled. On ths same day, after
the contestants had left the oourt, Judge Cardozo
confirmed the assessments as they stood, and added
£12,000 to the weneral assessment, while Hurlburt and
Dickenson, Morrison and others were relisved of fully
one-third of their personal assessments. None of the
many widows and orphans who are Jiiseted bY 1iils out:
Tegeous assessinent ware relloved, and ons, of persons
mest active in geting iho frend ugh Cardoso 8 court,
said, in reply to a ment to that effect, that widows
and orphans hadn't a Bhs to Property if they did not ex
pect to be taxed.” award to those claiming the
Sroperty nas also been increased $3,000, and this ad
tional tax fmposed on the city at large.
THE ALDERMEN'S REPORTS ON THE FRAUDS.
AND ALVEBIRREBA LD BEAVRACO US ANE FRAVME
~The Board of Aldermen will meet to-day at
2 p. m., to consider the subject of the presentation of
their reports on the city and eounty debt and expendi
tures, They have divided their work in the same man
ner as did the Citizens’ Branch of the Joint Investigating
Committee, and consequently their reports will be the
municipal version of the same investigation. Their
gotion, however, will be contingent upon the presence of
Alderman Dimond, who is Chairman of the Committee,
and who 1s 111 and likely to be unable to attend.
POLICE JUSTICE CHANGES,
The rumors of the change in the jurisdic
tions of certain police magistrates had their origin in a
request made by Judge Shandley that he should be
transferred from the Jefferson to the Essex Market
Police Court, and this is to be dove, it Is sald, by the
Board of Police Magistrates. Justice Ledwith is to re
sume his position at Jefferson Market Court. The rea
sons assigned for these changes are that neither S8handley
nor Ledwith can have political influence where they
now are, but that the change indicated may make a rip
plo on the Jolideal sea and place both Jetsons in better
Rositione regard to thelr constituen Joan they now
old. It is also wipposed to be b part of policy now
bejog dovised for resuscitation of Tammany Hall,
which, it is said, is to anticipate Al reform nN 4 Jive
tended reform in New-York, i A by the g
wembers of the old Ring.
THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY AND THE REFORM
CHARTER.
Ex-Gov. Salomon, ex-Judge James Emott,
H. M. Beers, Congressman Robert B., Roosevelt, Gen.
John A. Dix, ex-Judge Edwards Pierrepont, Samuel B.
Ruggles, W. Sherman, Simon Btern, gx-Congressman
Henry G. Stebbins, and ex-Mayor William F. Havemeyer,
who constitute the Sub-Committee on Legislation of the
Committee of Seventy, are preparing a recommendstion
which will embrage whet they consider the best and
most feasible plan of for the City ga Comaty
of New-York. As yet spel Pla is not very far ad
vanoed, but they ove when completed. it will
receive the approval of all interested in the oause of
£70 petion fr. sh iat ogee
suo
ma be necessary, and will be ready in time for presen
tation at the Spain of the next Legislature.
The Commi of Beventy held a regular session last
evening, Col. Henry G. Stebbins, Chairman, Jrosame.
After the usual preliminary proceedings, James M.
Brown, the banker, offered the following resolution,
which was unanimous! adopted
i octof ty recognise with much satis
faction the valuable services rendered by thé Investigating Committee, of
which William A. Booth was Cinirman, in baviag brought to Neht posi
a PRL ET te Kt
ue al "0
emineul} for their persevering aad arduous oy
CHARGES AGAINST THE JUDICIARY TO BE IN
VESTIGATED—APPEALS FROM SUPREME COURT
DECISIONS.
The Bar Association held a regular meeting
last night at No. 20 West Twenty-seventh-st., the Presi
dent, Wm. M, Evarts, in the chair. The report of the Ex
ecutive Committee, presented to the Association, ex
pressed gratification at the result of the late election, as
encouraging the continuation of efforts for reform in all
directions, and suggested the propriety of an application
to the Legislature for amendments to the code and other
laws; and also that the Committee on Extortions report all
charges of improper conduct on the part of members of the
Bar, After some debate a Committee of Twenty-one was
appointed, consisting of the members of the Committee on
the Amendment of the Imws and eleven new members,
to take such action as may be deemed proper in relation
to general reform of the laws, and especially of the Code
of Procedure.
The Committee on the Judiclery was instructed to in
quire into the charges that have been made in relation
to the judiciary and public officers, and report to the As
sociation in relation thereto. A motion by U. 8. District
Attorney Davis, that the Federal offices be ineluded, was
carried. Mr. Watson read from a recent decision of Jus
tice Grover, in the Court of Appeals, reversing the deci
sion of the General Term of the Bupreme Court in a case
wherein Judge Ingraham sat in review of his own deocl
glon, contrary to section 8 of the Constitution, and offered
a resolution, which was passed, to the effect
Yr rile of appolut certain days for the
oa in docu 1% ie
a from decisl of Judge
s for appeals from decisions of Judge and
that ihe be requested to A not
pea 0 a resoln
(A a ee ET
this Afsolis, n ree loss law
yer, snd able Rian, Ritriotio
Journed to the second 848 pm,
PriLapeLraiA, Nov. 14 —The Board of Health
report shows: Number of cases of small pox last ‘week,
41; showing falling-off from the previous week of 8
cases. The number SEL Siler of caso 10
78, a» decrease of 28. cases for
the year were 2.72¢ number
of
wiz; The first snow of the season fell in Minnesota
....The American Iustitute of Architects met in
Boston yesterday. o
ec, By ee fee a
wi Th hago Pel Aguas,
Aten Wont, Bufinge Asection
vii ai
Ky fd wiihean Datasets su <7
church

BR I,
Him has DesD Gifooy
~'s "3
Lom
ing aged XK. Ho van ul
in Rw
sof the
Cx
UY
hy an i
s A
MB
THE BAR ASSOCIATION,
aaa
EMATI POY TX PHILADELPHIA

TEAR APHIO NOTFR
FOREIGN NEWS.
DESAT DIALIALN.
THE BOCIAL MOVEMENT—A PENSION TO DR.
LIVINGSTONR'S FAMILY.
Loxpox, Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1871
Mr. Scott Russell has a communication in
the newspapers to-day giving history of the so-called
“social” movement. He says that if Prinos Albert wero
living he would have been its leader, The movement
originated in proposals for a union between she peers
and workingmen. He denies most positively that its
objects or methods were political orf revolutionary, and
he strongly advocates perseverance in the effort in the
interest of social progress and reform.
Tne British Government has granted a pansion of £300
to the children of Dr. Livingstone, the African explorer.
Dr. Livingstone, when last heard from, was in the In
terior of Africa, slowly making his way toward the
coast.
LoNpoN, Nov. 14.—~The Hon. Thos. Hughes,
M. P, for Frome, the well-known writer, 4s heading a
movement in this city to replace the Chicago Library,
which was destroyed during the recent fire. Boveral
well known members of the literali are interested in the
movement, and it is anticipated that a sufficient sum
will be realised from subscriptions to materially aid in
replacing the lost library.
The statement recently published that the Marquis of
Bute had renounded his adherence to the Church of En
gland and joined the Church of Rome, is denied upon the
authority of the Marquis personally—who affirms that
the report circulated to that effect was entirely unwar
ranted and unauthorised.
Mr. Walter, proprietor of The Times, has been elevated
to the peerage.
BE,,EE I=@z
THE CHOLERA SPREADING IN OONSTANTINOPLE
—PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
LOXDON, Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1871.
Letters from Constantinople represent that
the cholera is spreading in that city, and that the pum
ber of deaths from the epidemio increases dally.
A flrman has been issued by the Baltan directing the
Minister of Works to inaugurate a comprehensive systom
of public improvements, in view of the network of rall
ways projected by foreign capitalists in the Ottoman do
minions. Harbors are to be improved, rivers made nav
igable, new roads to be built, old ones repaired, and
every effort made to establish lines of connection with
the now rallway from all parts of the country.
DIPLOMATIO APPOINTMENTS.
DIPLOMATIO AFPPOINTMENIS.
PARIS, Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1671,
M. Goulard has been appointed Embassador
of France to Italy, vice the Count de Cholseul, whose
resignation was announced last week. M. Picard, late
Minister of the Interior, has been appointed Minister to
Belgium,
ts
A0E CHANMDEERD IN DESSIAVA.
BRUSSELS, Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1871.
The session of the Belgian Chambers was
opened to-day. The Prince de Légne was mnde Pred
dent of the Benate.
a———
THE MINISTRY AND THE OPPOSITION.
Maprip, Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1871.
The motion for a vote of want of confidence
in the Government, which the supporters of Zorrilla pro
pose to introduce in the Cortes, will be taken into con
sideration by that body at the special request of the
Ministers themaalves,
THE CRISIS IN AUSTRIA.

RESIGNATION OF THE HOHENWART MINISTRY—
ERPECT OF THE THE NEWS IN VIENNA—BE-~
OEPTION OF THE NEWS IN BOHEMIA—ATTI
TUDE OF COUNT BEUST TOWARD THE RETIR~
ING MINISTRY.
[FROM THR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
Vienna, Oct. 20.—Count Hohenwart has
given in his resignation and that of his colleagues. Their
stay in office is merely provisional. Benst and Andrassy
are victorious, The German party, tho self-styled Lib
eral-Constitutionalists, are jubilant, and the Czechs to
an equal degree disappointed and depressed. When to
these few words I add that no one, positively no one,
pas the slightest knowledge of who shall be Hohenwart’s
successor, or of what shade of opinion, or from what
party the next Ministry may be appointed, yon have a
brief resumé of the state of affairs in Austria, It is true
the picture is a most imperfect one, but who shall, who
can depict the grievous injury which these successive
experiments, these political miscarriages are working on
this Empire. If ever a proof were needed of Austria’s
vitality and vigor, it would be found in the elasticity
and promptnees with which she recovers not only from
the effect of disastrous exterior wars, but also after n
ternal harrassing quarrels like the present one.
What is most remarkable in the events of the past
week is that no one predicted, mo one expected the
solution which has come. Even as late as this day week,
the ministers themselves anticipated affairs would take
a different course, As for the public, up to Tuesday
pight it was in ignérance of the new condition of things.
"At the beginning of the week it was supposed to be a
mere matter of days as to when the Imperial rescript,
accepting the Czech fundamental laws, would be for
warded to the Prague Diet, It was yet an undecided
question with the public whether the Emperor would
directly acknowledge the, fundamental laws as the basis
of the Bohemian compromise, or whether this acknowl
edgment would be the work of the Reicharath, in whieh
the Government would be sure of 8 two-third majority
by reason of the Czech deputies appearing in it by agree
ment. On this matter there was doubt, but it never
entered any person’s mind to discuss the probability of
the compromise being definitely arranged this was con
sidered o decided point, Therefore, on Monday and Taes
day, it was rather a question of the effects which Beust’s
defeat might have, than a controversy as to whether he
would or would not be defeated. Hie fall was discounted
beforehand. Even Andrassy’s position was discussed
it was known how greatly he had imterested him
self in the course of events, how intimately
pound he was to tho Cbancellor. Consequently, seme
conjectures arose sa to the effect Beust’s retirement
might have on Andrasay, whether the latter might not
be forved to follow suit. In fact, and to resume the situ
ation, at the bepuning of the week it was piiacipally
question as to the particular effect the miniaterial criss
would have on the compromise. A slight modification of
‘the terms previously agréed upon was considered possi
ble. It was even VLelio¥ed the arrangement might. be
delayed, but there was no thought of its being endan
gered. ‘The sutprise of the public, of the preds, of every
one. indeed, bus the persons immediately concerned, was,
therefore, enotmous, when, on Wednesday evesing it
first becsme known that Count Hohenwart had been so
severely defeated as to be forced to send In his resigna
tion. And as s semi-offisial paper—Count Hobenwart’s
own orgat—published the intelligende like the other
journals, there was ws even rosms for doubt. Yet the
news, for the Viennese, seemed $00 good tobe true; it ap
peared incredible that Ooums Hobenwart's Ministry,
after touthing the goal, after bringing the umegotiations
‘so neanly to 8, successful isave, after going immeasars
bly beyond the other ministries formed for the same pur
pose, should find itaclt forced to resign at the moment
complete success ‘waa about te declare itself, and thatthe
Vienna, aa Susatataf ad heetppiapien of tie Ouutiy
rcomménded for thas aden, in.
a} CN Ty
AeShdtad that Jt wotid Sous mab 3
ABAD ut S0iy D4 bots of rpm the frying vas. into
"2440 undentodly roel be if acme Jun 0760

Jet thie Bri a Le
for apse seve as Hoheuwast's resig:

AL Soe appoint Befhge puting to amodir
3

wT ie 9 aly 1 bet fro Pr 8 v X
samtion of Bieien Lg wha,
ens. after the csoiaiion had sombwhed adated, wae
GREAT RRIYTAIN.
Prom Th Evendno Mall
TURKEY.
FRANCE.
BELGIIM.
IMBERS IN RESSION.
SPAIN.
ment in their expectations, wenld abow their discontent
by riots 4nd unseemly demonstrations. <Acbordingly,
the Thursday merning Japers Were soanned with some
anxiety, for i¢ wae Zmowa dhat by ¢he wirea
Prague would be informed ef the state of afsire probably
was not a single telegram from the Bohemian capital to
be found in any newspaper; this was all fhe more re
markable as, during the past fen days, a Jargs part of
the principal papers had been devoted fo Bohemian
news, extracts from Prages papers, and, us a rule, whele
columns of telegraphic intelligence. It. was obvious,
every one wished to learn In what menoer the break
down of the negotiations had been received in Prague,
and, as less important intelligence had been lavishly
forwarded, none eould fathom the sause of the sudden
cessation of intercoursé—uniess, ipdeed, the Govern.
ment, following an old practice, almost respected from
its long standing, had laid an embargo on letters and
telegrams from Pragus to Vienna. Thursday evening
came, but brought no news; Friday moruing, and still
the same dearth. The circumetance was becoming ex
citing. But the Friday evening papers contained s fow
meager telegrams which reassured the pubdlic—nes from
the intelligence they contained, but because from Shelr
Sear 3 Waa day So deduce he fast tha 50 JistuFbances
had taken place or were contemplated. It ia remarkable
that since that day, although there has mot been again
the utter dearth of news which charscterized the 48
hours preceding it, the iaformation which his been sent
has been of 8 most meager description, and almost solely
confined to violent extracts from Bohemian newspapers
in which abuse of Vienna, of Beust, and of Andrassy was
fairly distributed.
1 shall spare you the scarcely euphonic names of the pa
pers from which the following brief extracts were taken,
but I record the extracts themselves as proof of the indig
nation and auger with which the Czechs dre filled. One
paper sald that Hohenwart had proved fhimsel? a
man of honor in al) the negotiations with the Czech lcad
ers, but that Beust was the most morally unclean and
dishonest statesman in Furepe, and that the success of
his intrigues prove the peopls with whom he is sur
rounded, and those over whom he has an ascendant, to
be of the same stamp! As for Andrassy, their opinions
of him would be re&choed to the furthest corners of Croa
tia.” This last sentence is an allusion to the recent
troubles in Croatia and on the military frontier—troublds
which, it was suspected, were fomented by the Czechs,
and which it appears they intend to excite again,
Another paper sald, The only tie which now binds Bo
hemia to the Empire is public taxation.” In another
article the editors reminded their readers that the road to
Vienna having been closed to them, there were still two
roads open: that leading to Berlin, and another
toward Bt. Petersburg. Tuese are mere specimens of
very numerous articles written in the same sense, for
one telegram informs us that all the Prague papers show
the bitterest animosity to the Germans, and also to the
Liberal party or Deakists tin Hungary. The events of
the past week have had the cffect of dissipating some
doubts which had been gradually ristng among the #Con
stitutionalists as to whether Beust was not playinga
double game, and, while pretending to be thelr cham
pion, whether he was not really working with Hehen
wart. Want of space forbids my mentioning many eir
cumstances which gave some color to these suspicious.
I must content myself with stating that there were in
deed many incidents leading to the possibility of such a
conclusion, These doubts did not find expression in
print, but I know personally more than one editor was
only waiting for a sufficient proof of what had grown.
into a belief with them to publish a statement of their
opinion, Of this fact I am personally cognizant, viz.:
that at a dinner given by the American Minister, Count
Beust drew paralle! between the federation of States
in America and a stmilar scheme which might succeed
in Austria. This is nearly a year and a half ago, and
Count Beust was certainly then, if he expressed his real
belief, favorably disposed to a federative form of gov
ernment iu Austria. It is possible he has changed bis
opinion jor does not consider the moment opportune. As
I said before, many circumstances during the past month
tended to cause Beust to be suspiciously looked upon by
the Germans. At least, some of theta were impressed
with the belfef that he was really sesisting Hohenwart
secretly while retaining the confidence and, conse
quently, the leadership of the Liberal party. Of course,
that belief no fonger exists ‘since the negotiations have
fallen to the ground chiefly through his opposition to the
scheme; but the moral remains that if the Germans of
Austria support Beust, and are even guided by him, it is
rather from a belief in his political and intellectual su
periority over other Austrian statesmen than through
confidence in his political honesty and stralghtforward
MARA
ee ese]
A GOVERNMENT DEFEAT—MOVEMENTS OF THE
HOSTILE FORCES.
HOSTILE FORCES.
MatAaMORO8, Mexico, Nov. 10.—A courier ar
rived, yesterday, from Monterey, bearing dates to the
4th. At that date 200 cavalry sallled from Baltillo on a
foraging expedition, and encountered the Rebel forces.
The Government troops were driven back, with the loss
of one-half their number. The Rebels are exultant.
Two regiments of Government cavalry have arrived at
Saltillo. Trevino has carefully fortified Heelos Muertas,
commanding the road between Monterey and Baltille,
and, hearing of the arrival of reénforcements, com
menced firing, and began making preparations for the
attack, which was set down for the 9th.
Escobedo has placed at the disposal of the Government
all the San Luis forces. His cavalry are now at Ekaron,
on the border, The Government forces from Tamaulipas,
under Qortina, have advanced into Nuevo Leon. Na
varrio fell back to Monterey. Cortina is now at Camalos,
having advanced 2 leagues from Moltargy. It is Raid
that ajal will head the revolution in Tamaulipas at
tha nronar time.
THE CHOLERA AT QUAKANTINE.
GP
NO DANGER APPREHENDED IN THE CITY—TWO
ADDITIONAL DEATHS TWENTY-NINE PA
TIENTS IN THE HOSPITAL.
The cholera on board the steamship Franklin,
now at Quarantine, has produced a feeling of alarm as to
the possible transmission of the disease to the city.
There exists no cause, however, for apprehension, the
present season of the year being unfavordble to such a
calamity, which, at all events, under present drouw
stances, is almost imposssible. Dr. Morris of the Board
of Health stated to s TRIBUND repirter yesterday that,
even should the cholera appear, the présend srrainge
ments of the Board would prevent Hs spreading. The
tenement-houses sre in a cleaner condition than ever
before, anid not more than ome case could oconr before
‘the fact would certainly be cominunieated to the Board,
‘and measures thereupon assured 0 avoid contagion.
The prevalence of cholera in Russia during the sold,
season 18 due solely to the impurity of the arinking
water and the flishy ctistoma of $he peaple,
busily engaged, ‘0;
bins dad te kta to the palate 46 Woeh Bodh Hasplpal
The arrangements at West Bank and on board he Delp
Tuo sadiilonal Saact 96 Jang Hiflaen. sb X ihe
pot very bad. All were fyom the Delaware, with, the ox
te ae diodann. GI yomenday 84 the Mosptia He wae
native of Bwedea.. The <f the passenger ‘Who
bot J 4 the N
hr DTT vo TR ATE Wi Js
i 0 oppuleiics, ba pv bg,
al pe gy

f
0h kali 1A yh oh a hd pr 7 GB r{ Hors) BS
b J ae fr radi Lid eta d hes
og. Shi thie y fad ah a iri
ogn off the necetiness wili be sot at rest.
at a
p
ht mut ha ib Wl a? id Ya
Ath as
MEXICO.
a BaBimsm Ww
"i AI fi
He Sr. ihe Livia
AR A LA
AMOUS WHIOR MUST
wr x
George” said Mr. William M. 1'weed, sev
eral years ago, when fired attempting to redowér from
financial Dbankruptoy through political Intrigue;
George,” addressing the Hoa. George G, Barnapd; then
3 now Judge of the Supreme Court, “I hear these ref:
ares cases are very profitable, and I'd like to have
abare in ‘em.”
You can’t, Tweed,” was the apawer of the Honorable
Judge; you ain't.s lawyer.”
“Well! can’t you make me lawyer)”
Yea, after $we or tires ears Says
“But ain't some quicker me saked Tweod,
“on yar a the cawplecent justice; eertatnly
there ia. Go to Pref. tall him you ave a friend of
mine and he'll give you s Qiploma in the shortest way
possible.” Pi
Accordingly Mr. Tweed repaired to the Professor when
Vio 1Sllewing SonTeMEn Hl AML AT
Mr, Tweod--Professor, say name ls Tweed) 1 am a friend
of Judge Barnard's, and I'want to bes lawyer. How
Jong ia it going to take?” NR
Professor—Well, about two years a #0
Mr, Twoed—Two years, professor! why, George told
me you could fix it for me, ¥ight sway. At hs sme
time opefitng d well-filled puree, NB)
Professor ~You are s friend of George {Barnard’s you
say “i
Mr, Twoed—Yea Now, couldn't you let me have the
diploma at once!
Professor (smilingly)—Have you ever studiedlsw, Mr.
Tweed!
Mr. Tweed—Yes, Bir—that 1s, I have had considerable
practice in it for number of years,
Professor—~Well, if you have studied law add are
friend of George Barnard’s, I think we can prepare your
diploma snd send 1t to yon. wh
And thus Mr. Tweed, with a capacity which must have
astonished as much és his Mberslity delighted fis Pro
fessor, prepared himself in five minutes for the practice
of profession knowledge of which the ordinary inte)
lect requires years to attain, Bus thoss who are inslined
to smile incredulously at Mr. Tweed’s assumed know)
edge of the law, should remember that he has made all
the law we have had in this eity and county for years,
The pecuniary attraction of the Referee businese—the
enormous extent of the mine to which a legal diploma
waa the open sesame,” may be readily inferred when
Tweed himself could not resist it. Having thus secured a
right to a share in this legalised plunder, be proceeded
to exercise it by having himself appointed |[Referes in
cases wheraln large amounts of money were invelved,
and eorrespanding fees wero consequently obtainable,
Immodiately afier his admission certain prominent pol
iticlans made a tour of the courts, and solicited the
judges to send Mr. Tweed all the references they could.
At this time Judge Clerke was senlor Professor of the
University, and all diplomas were requlrgd to be signed
by him. The Judes, in a conversation lately held with
the writer, stated that he was much surprised when in
formed of Mr, Tweed’s admission to the bar, as he waa
not aware that the latter had ever devoted fhimaelf to
the study of the law 1a any office, jand bad never at
tended the courses st the University, and he had never
signed any diplomas for Mr. Tweed, The Judge la posi
tive that be never aligned Tweed's diplomas, unless the
same was presented to him for signature with 4 aumber
of others, and he signed it unwittingly. But this, he
thinks, was highly improbable, as he was in the hebit of
examining personally every certificate brought to him
before signing.
By an act passed April 8, 1800, any person on whom the
University had conferred the degree of Bachelor of Lawes,
was entitled to admission to practice as atterney and
counselor in all the courts of the Sate; bul an attend.
ance of not less than three termm of twelve weeks each,
or two terms of twelve weeks each, and one yoar's study
of the law elsewhere, was required before such degree
could be conferred.
Judge Clerke waa, in common with all members of the
bar who respect their profession, fudignant at the abise
practiced by the admission of persons utterly unquali
fled, and in order to check the same, recommended and
obtained an amendment of Rule 1 of the Supreme Court,
which prevented the private examination of applicants
thereafter, Upon his retirement from the bench, Judge
Clerke resumed the practice, and incidentally (by the
oousent of counsel), was appointed Referee in a number
of cases. In many instances, however, his name, on
being presented to Judge Barnard, was erased from the
order, and the name of James H. Coieman, on sowe
otifer of the latter's Gratses,” inserted instead. And
sometimes the act was accompanied by a remark dis
paraging to Judge Olerke, this belong one of thes ways in
which Judge Barnard is accustomed to vent say 11-will
he may happen to entertain against particular iudi
viduals,
As a farther instance of this, it may be related that not
long since a habeas corpus came fp before him, wherein
the production of a child, alleged jo be in the custody of
the Commissioners of Charities, was clajaed. Return
was madd to the writ that the child waa dead, which the
petitioner denied, and asked for an order of reforence to
decide the question. In response, Judge Barnard said,
with a sneer: “0, yea! lot Rush Mawkins be appointed
Referee in this matter; there's five doliare in il” and
then, turning to a friend seated beslile him, he put bis
hands to his mouth snd made somo satiric remark.
hands
A LIST OF THE GRATZES.
Whether a division of the spills inglorionsly wou in
these cases was subsequently made between Judge and
Fosiainiic which the judee, through whose
agenoy they were obtained, with all his assumption of
audacious disregard of the gpinlons of men, has Not seen
fit to divalge. The pubdlic may draw its own inference.
If any sesistance to a plain’ and direct conciasien be
peeded, it has already been furnished iu the wosds of the
Justice himself, who, on a late occasion, while holding
Chambers, answered the appteation of an who
doltred  Mtsronce to Grats aida, ur (26 Soom er

who’ when the
Frais Sathana Homan” topied.
Grats Coleman, it be referred th
Et Lh Jd ue Gu
that therois a member of
rience who tall Shin gy
Partin Ca fea: Jugs Sng sip
ate’
t be Well juss hen to ngwe same of (hedndivid
ES os dptal inlon oli
a. O Toophagen. Somes C. Tieide, aul
rior 1 di avy ne La 20 So aaanitinnp eid
Daemon. ong of d vi nui pide
i lini a8 Llp ana” esa aid
Ae Siet ahaa i Sashds WB Coleconsn. whosty: Slesata b
ay ho
v as A
v Sat o
Ach a ng’ Base ripe
5M
2