TITE PEEBS. S
SATURDAY MORNING, DEC. 2, 1871^ th
Wh»« A”*0,,,,, f ne
Has any one heard of the Delnocrat wll° wi
favors “the passive policy,” and who, at the
same time, acknowledges the incorrectness of to
the opinions which he consents to waive for J
certain purposes that are well understood? 1
Who knows a Democrat, “passive” or other
wise, who has become an advocate of the L
fourteenth amendment? Would a reward oi 0|
$500 each lead to the discovery of more than ,r
ascore in the whole country who are willing s;
to look upon the fifteenth amendment kas a ci
finality—a measure which, if they had the tl
power, they would not instantly overthrow c
Where is the Conservative of the non-resistr
ant school, who does not now, as ever, re- 1
gard the reconstruction acts and their execu- e
tion by the use of a military force as a piece s
of tyranny and usurpation only equalled
by the worst acts of the most corrupt
and wicked of the Caesars Nay, the pre-
gress of liberal opinion among Conservatives i
has been so slow that there can hardly be
found a member of that party in good stand- f
ing who does not to-day as on the 4th of Ju- 1
ly, 1863, believe in his heart that a great i
wrong was done the South in meeting its ex-
hibitions of righteous indignation by an ap
peal to arms. There are none who are at
length willing to recognize the negro’s civil
and political equality and his l ight to social
toleration. It is not pretended that there is
anything more in the “passive policy” than a 1
nA«nn4inn nf ootivo pffnrtB tn f Via
great body of liberal legislation passed since
the war by denying its validity and ignoring
its provisions. The speakers and the jour
nals that advocate the new movement openly
disclaim any other purpose in giving up resist
ance than the foxy one of gaining a position
thereby which will enable them to resist with
some effect. “Let us once get back to the
White House,” say they, “and we can soon
find means to overthrow the amendments and
the civil rights bill by the use of the executive
machinery. A few months of silence—then
triumph!”
How does this differ from the “passive pol
icy” of a burglar who is conveyed bound and
handcuffed, but unrepentant, to prison
f
The Democracy, as a party, had many
things not to be thankful for Thursday,and not
the least of these was the last letter of John
Quincy Adams. The old guard doubtless
wish a plague to this new convert and most
brilliant letter writer in America if he per
sists in declaring the party beaten a year be
fore election. Mr. Adams sees but two ways
to defeat Gen. Grant’s election in 1872—the
disbanding of the Democratic party, by sub
duing the pride of the party and breaking
the bonds of party discipline, or a resort to
civil war The latter has been tried once by
the Democratic party but with indifferent suc
cess. It looks as though Mr. Adams would
succeed Frank Blair as the “enfant terrible’’
of the Democracy.
It is said that the advocates of State aid to
railroads do not propose to move for a direct
subsidy, as this would involve an amendment
of the Constitution, which there can be no
hone of effecting' but. t.hev will make a sitren
uous effort before the Legislature to secure such
an enactment as will make the State guaran
tee the interest on a specified amount of bonds
issued by the companies. There may be a
difference but ordinary people cannot see it.
A Washington special says it is officially
announced that Secretary Fish will retire
from the Cabinet at once, and that Judge
Pierrepont of New York, will be his succes
sor. Secretary Fish has continued at the
head of the State Department the past six
months on the entreaty of the President.
Fridat gold dropped to 110J, the lowest
rate since April 13th. The highest rate this
year was 115f, which it reached Sept. 23d.
The lowest rate since the close of the rebel
lion was 110, which was the price November
4,1810. _
Notwithstanding the unusual calls upon
the treasury during the month of November,
Secretary Boutwell reports a decrease or the
national debt amounting to $3,462,080.18.
The amount of the reduction since the inaug
uration of President Grant is $211,211,892.10.
Boston had a water panic Friday morning,
caused by the freezing up of the screens at the
mouths of the mains in the gate-house at the
Chestnut Hill Reservoir. The supply in the
city gave out at 3 o’clock in the morning, but at
a late hour in the evening a moderate supply of
Cochituate was received again.
Religion* Intelligence.
The York and Cumberland Association of
Universalists will hold their next meeting at
the India street church in this city Thursday
and Friday Dec. 14th and 15th. On' Thursday
evening the new church will be dedicated, Rev.
G. W. Bickuell preaching the sermou. On
Friday evening Rev. Mr. Bicknell will be in
stalled pastor of the society, Rev. W. E. Gibbs
preaching the sermon.
The new Universalist church in Hiram is to
be dedicated about Christmas.
Rev. Alfred Day of Canton, N. Y., has re
ceived and accepted a call to the pastorate of
the Universalist society in Kittery at a salary
of $1000, and will enter upon his duties in that
relation on the 1st of July next. Pending the
installation of Mr. Day, the society will be reg
ularly supplied by clergymen in the Universal
ist denomination.
The M. E. church at Naples is enjoying some
revival. Four persons were recently baptized,
and three added to the church. Their house of
worship has been painted the past season and
some other necessary repairs have been made.
An embarrassing church debt is nearly liquid
ated, much to the satisfaction of all.
The Methodists of Garland are agitating the
question of building a new church. It is esti
mated that such a structure as they think of
erecting will cost about $2000. Over $1500
have already been subscribed.
A Sunday School Teachers’ Institute will be
held at Norway, on Tuesday and Wednesday,
Dec. 19th and 20th, at the Congregational
church.
The organization of the Sunday School Insti
tute for Somerset county was made on the 14tli
of November at the Baptist church at Skowlie
aan, by the election of Itev. II. Pierce as Presi
dent, and Dr. W. H. Stevens as Secretary.
The Sunday School Institute for Cumberland
county wiH be held at North Yarmouth Janu
ary 23d and 24th. That for York county will,
probably, bo held at Alfred on the 25th and
26th of January.,
Nearly the requisite amount of funds neces
sary to complete the Baptist church in Belfast
has been raised and the work' on the building
has been contracted for.
The ladies of Gouldsboro, have purchased
and had placed in the tower of the new church,
—not yet finished—a fine-toned composition
bell weighiing 800 pounds.
Eev. Mr. Eaton closed his labors in Mill
bridge Nov. 12th. It is expected that Bev. Mr.
Afnnlo. .„.’ll__U r. _
-1—- x wiviu mu will
ing year.
Kev. George Jackson, a graduate of Oberlin
who has been preaching in Michigan, is to
have charge of the Congregational church at
Kobbinston for one year,
Seven persons were admitted into the Wash
ington street Baptist church at Eastport, at the
last communion service. Several others are
about to unite with that church. Kev C G
Harwood, formerly of Bluehill, is pastor.
The Bridgton News states that Kev. A. Lin
coln of New Bedford, Mass., who has of late
been supplying the Harrison and North Bridg
ton Congregational pulpits, has gone back
there, for the purpose, it is said, of removing
his family and goods to Bridgton.
The Advance gays that when furniture was
piled up in the Chicago churches, pew-cushious
converted into beds, and “loaves of bread took
the place of hymn-books and Bibles," “it was j
one of the holiest acts of consecration."
Rev. Dr. Ewer of Christ’s Church. New York
has resigned and rented a church of his own, on
°°nflict with his Pe°Ple <>n the
ritualism o^au!- H° "nUl“teS the hi«h 6
Albans, in London.
Kev. W. IcVi^m5 sives a good likeness of
besides informing S‘reet Church,
years old, “lifts the Bible a? i ,S °nly 31 k
ing a holy book,” and has r<.f, 6 Terc toucl1" v
one of his colts oil his farm in Conn ®.300IJ *or 1
George William Curtis has these'wmd h
needed warning for every editor or preach e
who “nimbly pronounces a calamity to be a e
punishment and a judgment”: “Take care,
fervent friend, that in explaining the celestial
counsels as if you had been admitted to them, j
you do not bring the celestial power itself into 1
doubt and contempt." j
Eighteen ministers of the Baptist Church
re declared in favor of open comhiuiiidtt dur- ity
the preBeut year.
y Methodist congregation of eleven Mexicans
s lieen organized near La Junta, the first of
i kind in Mexico. la
Che ITesbytariau Board of Home Missions is j ta
arly $100,000 in debt. No new commissions re
11 be issued until this debt is covered,
fonatlian Welch, who died recently at Gro
1, Vt., left his real estate, valued at $12,000, d<
the benefit of the Baptist Church, of which a]
was a member.
The Broadway Tabernacle Church and Socie- Jj.
have invited the Rev, William Taylor, of h
verpool, England, who occupied the pulpit h
the Rev. Hr. Storrs, of Brooklyn, last sum- c,
er, to accept the pastorate vacant by the re- h
'nation of the Rev. Dr, Thompson. The so- e:
ety give a salary of $9,000 a year, and will pay
ic expenses of Mr. Taylor’s voyage to this j
mntry.
Dr. Manning, Roman Archbishop of Eng- 0
ind, publiclv teaches that, ill the matter of s
location, “England has a right to Anglican,
,Gotland to Presbyterian, and Ireland to Catho-
ic, education.” On this principle says the a
jeiv York Observer, we could settle the ques- r
ion very easily in this country, where the Ro- I
lanists are in a small minority, but claim to
ave the right to dictate in this matter. t
If all Ministers had the plainness of utter
nee of Father Hennessy', (Roman Catholic) of
iergen city, N. J., the cause of temperance i
rould be greatly advanced. In a reoeut sermon
ie said:
“I am going to get a list of all grog shop and
in place proprietors, and if they don’t close i
heir houses every Saturday night at twelve i
’clock, and not open them until Monday, I
rill not allow themselves nor their
vives to come near the altar. They must
;ive up their unholy work. Let them be coii
eut with selling groceries. It is better to make
ifty cents a day honestly and justly, with the
ilessing of God upon it, than ten dollars a day
vith the curse of God upon it. Remember that
;he money gained in this dirty work will not
profit you long. It will vanish like the froth
an the river. You are carrying souls to de
itruction and ruin; you are robbing the widow
and orphan, the poor and needy. Cease, cease
your work, then, and resolve to get an honest
and decent living.
The Unitarians report encouraging progress
in the collection of their $100,000 fund. The
returns are not qll yn but the Liberal Chris
:ian says “that. *«*liss some strong and wealthy
smirches tan lamentably m tlieir duty, there
seems every reason to believe that the maxi
mum of $100,000 will be reached.
Eev. A. Coquerel collected in this country
about $9,000, in aid of his church, schools, and
charities in Paris. He would have done better,
but the Chicago fire burned over his harvest
ground.
Statistics of the Congregational churches of
California for the last year: Ministers 59;
churches 57, eight having been organized and
threo extinguished during the year; members
2,481, .of whom 385 were added during the year,
140 by profession and 239 by letter; Sunday
schools 53, with 5,603 members, Amount
raised for current expenses, $57,026; for church
erection, etc., $39,529; for charities, $0,220.—
The reported value of church property is $286,
850, and the debts $19,671, which last item is
certainly greatly to the credit of California.
A Narrow Escape.—Mr. Greeley had a
narrow escape to-day, and it happened in this
wise. He booked his name at the Indian Head
and after making a call upon some friends i£
turned for dinner. On calling for his bill he
was invited to “register.” Supposing that the
clerk was unfamiliar with his chirograpliy, he
replied that he had done so. The clerk insist
ed that he had not; II. G. insisted that he had.
Whether the matter under any circumstances,
would have reached the dangerous stage of
“you lie, sir,” we cannot say, but luckily the
philosopher inquired the name of the hotel.—
When informed that he had dined at the Merri
mac House, he paid his bill, registered and
“smiled” as he explained his mistake to mine
host who felt quite elated that he had hand
somely entertained so distinguished a guest
unawares.— Nashua Telegraph, 19tft.
Items.
A New Albany bride “skedaddled” from the
church when the groom was about to lead her
to the altar, and vanished down the street. No
cards.
Andrew Jackson Davis, it is said, proposes to
write a book on insanity; and judging from
some of the productions of his pen, that is his
“best holt.”
A vnnno woman in Pliiliuiolnhia wti/i 1..1
been divorced twice, and is somewhat noted for
her beauty of the brunette type, recently mar
ried her third husband, a flaxen-headed strip
ling of seventeen.
It is related that four murderers in Russia
were recently placed, by way of experiment, in
four beds in which cholera patients had lain.
They did not know the character of the beds,
and did not take the disease. They wore, then
compelled to sleep In new and clean beds,
which thoy were led to believe had been occu
pied by persons who had died of cholera, when
three of them died within four hours.
The story is told of a negro who prayed earn
estly that he and his colored brethren might
be preserved from what he called their "upset
tin, sins” “Brudder,” said one of his friends
at the close of the meeting, “you ain’t got the
hang of dat ar word. It’s besettin’, not «ip
settiu’.” “Brudder,’ replied the other, “if dat’s
so it’s so. But I was praying de Lord to save
us from the sin of intoxication, and if dat ain’t
a upsettin’ sin, I dunno what am.”
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
We learn from the Journal that the aggregate
shipment sof boots and siloes from Auburn and
Lewiston the past week have been 703 cases, to
80(1 cases for the week previous. The receipts
of leather have been 51,720 pounds to 47,450
pounds the preceding week.
The Journal says Mayor Garcelon of Lewis
ton has been confined to his bed for several
days, and is still confined, by a severe attack of
billious and rheumatic fever.
CUMBERLAND COUNTY.
Capt. Potter of North Bridgton, informs the
Bridgton News that last winter he cut down an
oak tree on his place which measured six feet
across the stump, and from which he obtained
five cords of wood. He remembers distinctly
when the tree was no larger round than his arm.
“Tall oaks from little acorns grow.”
The News says the Bridgton Academy is to
be re-opened Feb. 27, 1872, under the care of a
popular teacher from Massachusetts, of expe
rience and distinguished ability.
The Bridgton News says the Pondicherry
Mills continue in full operation. These mills
emnlov from seventy to oicrhtv h„n,l«
ufacture shawls, ladies’ cloakings, rei>ellauts,&c.
The manufacture of repellants has been their
chief business since June last, but they are now
changing to the production of other goods,
among which is a neat looking summer tweed,
which particular kind they are for the first time
manufacturing.
Mrs, Charles O. Kilborn of Bridgton posses
ses a turkey which sat on nineteen eggs and
hatched out nineteen turkeys, all of which are.
alive and pecking, says the News.
FBANKLXN COUNTY.
The Chronicle in alluding to the caution given
by the Kutland Herald againt one Bev. Swan
ton Banks, a Methodist minister, who is col
lecting money in different parts of New Eng
land, ostensibly for Freedmeu’s schools, says'
“If memory serves us, this‘apostle of tliefreed
men’ spoke in Farmington sometime during
last spring, aud received a liberal collection."
[Franklin Correspondence of the Press.]
At the annual meeting of Blue Mountain
Lodge No. 67, held at Masonic Hall, Phillips
Wednesday evening, Nov. 27tli, the following
officers wen: elected for the ensuing year: Jos?
C. Holman, Master; Elias Fields, S. W.; Ma
son W. Hutton, J. W.; Geo. H. Austin, Treas
urer; W. M. Chandler, Secretary; A. L. Brad
bury, S. D.; O. Sweat, J. D.
There has prevailed at Phillips for the past
forty-eight hours, preceding Dec. 1st, one of the
severest continuous winds known for years. So
say the oldest inhabitants.
A bam belonging to Daniel L. Dennison in
1 hillips, was blown to the ground Thursday
morning, Nov. 30th, in which was eleven head
of cattle and one hundred and eleven sheen
lhree head of the cattle were killed and two
injured. Eleven sheep were killed. His wag
on and farming tools were somewhat damaged.
C.
HANCOCK COUNTY.
The American says the bark Gray, Loring,
has loaded at Blueliill paving for New Orleans
from Westcott Hinckley. Saturday morning
rrders were given to get under way when one of
llie crew rebelled and attacked the officers.—
Liorinf? firpfl at ami wniiml^H
irder was restored. J. S. Hinckley, esq., went
lown and took the depositions of the crew. It
ippears that the remaining part of the crew
justify Capt. Luring and testify to his kindness
;o them.
The American says Capt- James Knowles of
Surry, was master and part owner of one of the
vhaling ships recently lost in the Arctic ocean.
'apt. Knowles took his wife with him, a Surrv
ady, but left her at the Sandwich Islands.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
William N. Gove, of Vassalboro’, who was
onvicted at the August term of the court for
Lonnebee county, of rape upon his own daugh
?r, a little girl under ten years of age, has been
mtenced to confinement to hard labor in the
tate prison for the rest of his natural life.—
rove is about sixty-five years of age and is in
jeble health.
KNOX COUNTY'.
The Rockland Gazette says the six saloon
eepers on whose premises search and seizure
as made on Thursday, were arraigned before
m police court Friday morning, charged with
-Oping intoxicating liquors with intent to sell 8
i violation of law, and severally nleaded “not
a


o
—the Chairman of the Overseers of the Poor—
:osts Rockland §4000 a year to maintain its _
paupers—those whose poverty results from
emperance.
rkere were six men lying dead in Rockland
it Sunday—a mournful coincidence of mor
lity which lias probably rarely, if ever, occilr
I before in its history.
OXFORD COUNTY.
The Bridgton News says Mr. Win. Hapgood,
Fast Fryeburg, aged 84 years, died very sud
lily Friday morning of last week. He arose
iparentlv as well as usual and went to the
,rn to take care of his stock, as was his eus
m, when as he was crossing the yard, his 1
nigliter saw him fall, and she ran out to help Bl
m up, and asked him if he was very badly
irt. He told her that he guessed not; but he
on fell again and was not able to rise; she
,lled for Help, and they carried him into the
>use, but before a physician could be called he
:pired. _
The December term of the Supreme Judicial
>urt commences its session at Paris next Tues
ly. Hon. Chas. W. Walton will preside.
In Peru, on the 25th of November, the snow
l the highlands was a foot and a half deep, f
ivs the Oxford Register. J
Miss Mary H. True, of Bethel, who has been
teacher during the last two years in the Ar
culating School for Deaf Mutes in Boston, has
ecepted a situation to take charge of a deaf
lute in the family of a baronet in Norfolk Co., J
ingland, with a salary of eleved hundred dol
irs a years, and traveling expenses paid. She
rill sail for her destination in two weeks, says
he Lewistou Journal.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig says a gentleman resides
a that city who for ten years lias not been j
mme to a Thanksgiving dinner. He is largely i
nterested in navigation, and it has so happen- j
d that about this time of year, some one of i
lis vessels would meet with an accident near
nough to oblige him to go to the scene of the
lisaster.
The “Bangor Daily Commercial” is to be the
lame of Marcellus Emery’s new paper.
The Dexter Gazette says three youngsters in
i town near Dexter the other day forged an
order upon the Town Agent for some liquor,
which was obtained on the strength of the doc
ument manufactured. The forward urchins
got set up, and the parent of one of them prose- j
euted the agent for making an illegal sale of
liquor, and the fine was imposed and paid.
The agent then took his turn and had the three
youths hauled up for forgery, and they were in
turn fined.
PISCATAQUIS COUNTY.
From our Correspondent.
Sheriff Jewett, and Deputies Sprague, Phil
lips, aud Thompson, have been for several days
attempting to arrest a desperate fellow named
Lebroke, in Foxcroft, on a charge of theft. He
is barricaded aud armed to the teeth in a house
in Foxcroft.
William S. Knowlton, Esq., of Monson, Su
pervisor of Schools for Piscataquis County, has
entered upon the Gospel Ministry and is sup
plying the Baptist pulpit in Monson with good
acceptance.
Geo. A. Matthews, Esq., of Monson, has
made a good tiling out of some slate quarry
operations and is building an elegant residence
in that village. S.
WALDO COUNTY.
In Bucksport last week, in the Police Court,
James K. Greer of Morrill was arraigned for
shooting a dog. The alleged value of the ca
nine being twenty dollars, the defendant was
bound over to the Supreme Court.
The project of establishing a large shoe mail
uiuuLui-y in I'fii.iM is ueing agirateu ny some oi
the public spirited citizens. Meetings were
held on Friday and Tuesday evenings, at which
a good degree of interest was mauifested. A
committee was selected to investigate the mat
ter, and report at a future meeting.
The Belfast Aye says there was almost an ac
cident on the railroad last week, caused by a
misplaced switch at City Point.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The house in Macliias owned by the Otis
Crocker heirs, was damaged by fire to the
amonut of $800 last Saturday evening.
The Union says persons from the logging re
gions last week reported a foot of snow in the
woods on the Mopang and other branches of
the Machias river.
Steamer communication between Eastport
and Calais will be suspended during the winter,
says the Eastport Sentinel, but a line of stages
will run, connecting with the International
Steamers.
Calais sends $S00 to the Wisconsin sufferers
by fire. A handsome contribution.
The mercury at Calais on Tuesday was ten
degrees below zero.
YORK COUNTY.
The Democrat understands there was a drunk
en melee at Old Orchard, a few days since, in
which brass knuckles were freely used.
James Knight of Hollis Centre, was thrown
from a gig one day last, and quite severely in
jured. His leg was broken between the ankle
and knee.
The Union says the contract has been let for
the twenty new double tenement houses, which
David Cummings Co. are to erect on the tract
of land they have purchasecUin South Berwick.
The brick are being rapidly brought on the
ground in readiness for the building next sea
son, and workmen will shortly be at work on
the foundation of the mill which is also con
tracted for.
About a month ago Dr. Boss of Kennebunk,
had the misfortune to lose his wallet. After
making a diligent search for it he gave up any
hopes of finding it. A few days ago, says the
Uninn, uncle JerryjCousens a veteran of 85 years
while passing along tlie highway, discovered the
wallet by the side of the road On taking it
home ond examining it, he found that it wua
the lost wallet of the Dr. when he started on
foot a distance of three anil a half miles to re
turn the property, whom the Dr. liberally re
warded.
One of the wealthy and influential citizens of
Kennebunk, offers to give the use of a valuable
water privilege, and take stock to the amount
of 810,000, if parties of respectable character
will erect a first-class cotton factory; and gen
tlemen of reliability say that they will take
stock in the same varying from $500 to $1,000
each.
IN GENERAL.
Mrs. Emeline P. Moore has been appointed
Post-mistress at Harpswell Centre, vice L. H.
Stover, resigned; Obed Towne, Postmaster at
Easq Dover, vice O. Brown, resigned.
Patents have been issued this week to Whit
111(111 1JCS11C V7JL VT10.J, 1U1 11C1I1J XV. X»UV“
terfield, of Vassalhorough, for machine for
making shovel handles; Edward H. Dunn, of
Portland, for saddle tree; James L. Chesseman
of Gardiner, assignor of one half of his right
to Henry C. Clieeseman of the same place, for
swinging railway for loading vessels; Jabez B.
Fellows of Augusta, for clothes drier; Charles
E. Morrill of Deering, for process of manufac
turing shoe bindings.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Special Notice.
The semi-annual election of officers of the St. Pat
rick’s Benevolent Society, will take place in the school
room at St. Dominic’s, to morrow, (Sunday afterooon)
at four o’clock.
A full attendance of the members is requested.
Per order of the President.
dc2 P. BRADLEY, Secretary.
BONDS!
Portland,. 6’s
Chicago,. 7’m
Portland Rochester R. R.,. 7’a
l.eeds F firming ton R. R.,. 6’s
Central Railroad of Iowa, Oold. 79»
For sale by
II. M. PAYSON,
_ 32 Exchange St., Portland.
dc2
BETTER and cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS AJNJD SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WIT^
CABLE SCREW WIRE!
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, and Water-proof, and are warranted
not to Rip or Gai>e.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shape much better, and the metalic listening insures
a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immeuse demand having called forth imita
tions. consumers should be sure that every boot or
shoe bears the Patent Stamp.
mold by Dealers Everywhere.
no28sn7w
BOOTS AND SHOES!
-AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Men’s French Kip Boots, at $5.50, former price $6.00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.50, former price 5.00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.00, former price 4.50
Men’b Call Boots, at 5.00, former price 5 50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 4.50, former pices 5.00
Boy s W inter Boots, at 2.50, former price 3.00
Also a good assortment of Boy’s Youth’s and Chil
dren’s Kip and Calf Boots.
Ladies’ Foxed Button Boots, $2.75, former price $3.00
La diet. Cloth Button Boots, 2.50, former price 75
Ladies’ Foxed Polish Boots, 2.25, former price if 50
Ladies* Cloth Polish Boots, 2.00, former price 2.25
Also a large assortment of Misses’ and Children’s
Boots and Shoes, at very low prices.
These goods are all of the best work and stock, and
all warranted, at
AVM. D. TBUE’8,
No. 353 Congrrm Street.
ETr* Men’s Toilet Slippers Bottomed, and Repair
ing neatly done.. no29dlw*sn
BURNETT’S COCOAINE,
?OR PROMOTING THE GROWTH OF AND
BEAUTIFYING THE HAIR,
AND RENDERING IT DARK AND GLOSSY.
Tlie COCOAINE holds, in a liquid form, a large
►roportion of deodorized
COCOjA-ISrTJT OIL,
PREPARED EXPRESSLY' FOR THIS PURPOSE.
NO O T II 15 B COMPOUND
osesses the peculiar properties which so exactly
nit the various conditions of the human ijair. 1
For sale by all Druggists._no29tf sn 1
^SEXUAL SCIENCE, 5
By Prof". O. S. Fowler. 1
SEXUAL SCIENCE explains NATURE’S LAWS,
i applicable to the sexes. No one familiar with
owler’s writings, will doubt the GREAT PRACTI- 1
AL VALUE OF THIS WORK to every adult man t
woman. f
ATWELL CO., 174* Middle St.,
Agents for Portland and vicinity, 1
nov29-2w C
_SPECIAL NOTICES,_ J;
SELL! NGA T COST
HAYING DECIDED TO CLOSE OUT MY STOCK OF S
lrpetings, Crockery Ware, Window Shades, Plated Ware, Cutlery, n
W oden and Tin Ware, I shall sell at Cost until the I:
entire large stock is sold.
When V intend to make a Speciality of the\F nr nature Business. Having already
e Largest Stock of Furniture in the State, nearly all ot* my own manufacture, which I
ran warrant to give entire satisfaction. Flense give me u call before purchasing 1
id save money by so doing.
1
GEORGE A. WHITNEY, (Successor to Woodman Whitney.) t
Nos. 52, 54 56 EXCHANGE STREET. 5
nov28 lrn j
GOING TO CHICAGO j
flow undersigned would respectfully inform th* public that lie intends to remove to Chicago a'ter Jan
L uary, 1872. iietore uiat ume we snail sell our stock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAW COSTI
Those who wish to avail themselves ot a good bargain will call immediately.
00 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight I
ly friends and patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor fhc liberal patronage bestowed on me
uring my residence in this city.
J. F. SISK,
171 Fore Street, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT B ARGAIN!
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CHICACO; consisting ofa *2 1-2story Brlek House No. 9 Chat
ham Street, in go*Ml repair; lot 46 by 50, a good chance t«*r a Mechanic or business man to get a desirable
lome. Also a brick building corner ot' Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 by 80- Also the nexa lot
tujuinlng, containing three wooden itores; lot 55 by 120; and one large wooden stable. Th s property will
je sold in seperaie lots or all together, making in all a lot ot 90 t»> 120 This is an excellent chance ior in
vestment, as this properry is sure to increase in yalue, being on the principal street in the city.
For particulars call on J. F. WISH,
nov7tf 171 Fore Street.
A MILLION IN THE FIELD!
Yes, a million of men, to say nothing of the ladies,
know by experience that
Chrlstadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
produces shades of color that seem to have been
brought out by nature herself. They know, too, that
it is free from all injurious matter, because they have
used it for years, and thus tested it by a process more
certain than even chemical analysis itself. In fact,
the daily experience of multitudes of both sexes, con
firms the declaration of the first analytical chemist in
America, that the Excelsior dye contains “nothing
deleterious to health.” A good dressing should be
used after the dyeing, and the best is
CHRISTADORO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
nov29-eodlm W48-50
BOYS LITTLE DREAM.
Boys little dream, while they are Boys
If they shall live till they are men,
How many things will mar their joys,
How much they’ll meet to cause them pain.
They little dream how cares will press,
Causing them anxious days and nights;
How bitter foes may bring distress,
By trampling on their dearest rights;
They seldom dream they’ll not buy “Clothes,”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete,
As they do now at George Fenno’s,
Corner of Beach and Washington street.
Boston, Nov. 30,1871. dlw sn
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Bariog Bros. Go.,
Union BankW London,
AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
A lid all its Broaches.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
jel3-sntt 97 Exchange St.
S. B. GOWELL.
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entire
stock ot Foreign und Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his bouse. (See advertisement by Geo.
It. Davis tf Co.) Now is your time to make youi
Fall and Winter purchases.
On Marriage.
Happy Relief for Young mrn from the ef
fects of errors and abuses in early hie. Manhood re
scored. Impediments to marriagb removed.
method cf treatment. New and remarkable reme
dies. E>oof s and Circulars sent. free. in sealed fn
velopes. Address HOW A KD ASSOCIATION, No S
South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. nov!snd3x
N O T I C E!
THE Cigar store that wao advertised for sale at 225
Congress street, has remove** noou to t»»e on
stand ou Kvrhauge street, wnere I will still manu
facture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invit*
all my customers and trieads in general to call anc
examine my foods and get posted on the prices. 1
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brand;
of Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor one!
wanted. E. PONCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
yl-tf
Ladies’ Cloaks
-and—
Winter Jackets,
AT-
EASTMAN BR(yS»
332 Congress Street,
October 31- sn dtt
NOW IS YOUR TIME
TO BUY A
GUN!
In order to close out my remaining stock of GUNS
I have marked them
DOWN BELOW THE COST
FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY!
JT. R. IiUCAS, 69 Exchange Street,
TWO DOORS FROM MIDDLE ST.
Nov 30-dtf sn
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cify will sell mj
stock and place of business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I dost
out my stock of
Ship Timber, Plank, Spam, Knees, Reck*
ing, and Trreuails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call ou JL. TAYLOR,
sept 19-sntt 17b Commercial st.
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
AND
ueaay lor immediate Delivery!
IN SUMS TO SUIT!
WM. E. WOOD,
67 Exchange St.
Agent tor Henry Clews Co W. V.
Juue27-tt eh
Procure Tickets
AT
W. D, Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
and the Weal, South m.d Northwest, may ob
tain through 1'tenets, by the best and mo-l
reliable taste. Irom Ton al a, or c wton or
New York, to any point dt6iiedat the lowest
.alts at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
TV. D. LITTLE «fi CO;
Office 49 1.11 exchange Mi,
0?” Re liable iniormation cheerluliy furnished at
all times. au26d *u sn
Bare C hance.
A rare cbance for a person to engage in (he
Retail Shoe Business.
5anenor°addfetbSel,e't ForPa“"
C. II. STAPLES,
Ko 56 Union Street.
nov20 tf
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded waiehonses od
Brown’s Whart, and Merchants Wharf, anil in Port
aud Sugar Co’s buildings York Danlorth and Com
nercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
i- sn 97 Exchange Street.
To the Consumptive.
Let those who languish under the fatal severity of
mr climate through any pulmonary complaint, or
yen those who are In decided consumption, by no
scans despair. There is a safe and sure remedy at
land, and one easily tried. “WILBUR’S COM
’OUND OF COD LIVER OIL AND LIME,” with
ut possessing the very nauseating flavor of the Oil,
s heretofore used, Is endowed by the phosphate of
me with a healing property which renders (he oil
oubly efficacious. Remarkable testimonials of its
fificacy can be exhibited to those who desire to see
lem. ForsalobyA. B. WILBOR, Chemist, No. 166
ourt St., Boston. BN nov28-Tu-W-Th
FOR SALE 5
THE new two story French roof house, just fin
ished, on Cushman st.; house piped tor Sebago,
and all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
premises or No 25 Emery st. J. A, TEN N EY
sepSdtt sn
LEA PBftRIN’rf SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It fin roves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEA PERRINS to
prosecute ail parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS,
augl2sn6m Agents, New Yoik.
GRAHAM FLOU R!
OF A SUPERIOR QU 1LITY
Fresh from the mill. Also the celebrated
'•1*0 ST E L 8
And Othf*r Olioiee Brands.
SHAIV, UAimuND CARNEY.
oc9-d3m
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
The genuine Win. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean; sof,t beautiful; does not
contain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all Druggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y
_jyll SN D&W 1Y_’
OFFICES TO LET.
f WO FRONT OFFICES, second sfory, over stores
N 136 and i38 Commercial street; fitted up with
all late improvements.
Apply to H. N. JOSE,
Nov 4-d&w2 194 Fore st.
_ MARRIES.
In this city, Nov. 30, by Rev. Dr. Carrutliers, Dan’l
M. Means and Miss Celia A. Adams, belli of Port
land.
In this city, Nov. 30, by Rev. A. K. P. Small, Wm.
A. Lynch, of Portland, and Emma W. Thayer, of
Minot. Also, George Henry Downing, of Boston, and
Georgia A. Ayers, of Portland.
In Deering, Nov. 28, by Rev. J. C. Snow, Robert
Dyer and Miss Lois Hall, both of Falmouth.
In Deering, Nov. 20, by Rev. J. C. Snow, Edward
E. Elder, of Lynn, Mass., and Miss Mary P, Webb,
of Windham.
In Cai>e Elizabeth, Nov. 20, by Rev. B. F. Pritch
ard, Alplionzo Rollins and Miss Catharine E. Nelson,
both of Cape Elizabeth.
In Pownal, Nov. 30, by Rev. A. Maxwell, J. F.
Moody, of Leeds, and Miss Alice M. Noyes, of Pow
nal.
In Waldoboro, Nov. 27, by Benj. Hardy, Esq., Al
den W. Wellman and Miss Abby J. French, both of
Waldoboro.
_J3IK33.
In Gorham, Nov. 27, Edward Carlton, son of Ed
ward and Iza Hardiug, aged 17 months and 17 days.
[Lowell, Mass., papers please copy.]
[Funeral services on Sunday afternoon at 1 o’clock,
In West Falmouth, Nov. 20, suddenly, Mr. William
Allen, aged 76 years 7 months.
In Albany. Nov. 19, Mr. Henry C. Lawrence, aged
Ofl ynnru K *n£ntllS.
In Paris, Nov. 6, of consumption, Mra. jl. Brown,
formerly of Byron.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMERS
NAME FROM FOR DATE
Manhattan.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 1
Hibernian.Portland... .Liverpool.Dec 2
Oceanic.'..New York.. Liverpool.Dec 2
Ville de Paris.New York.. Havre.Dec 2
Cleopatra.New York. .Havana.Dec 2
Oity of London.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 2
Algeria.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 6
Colorado.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 6
Moravian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 9
City ot Antwerp-New York. .Liverpool.Dec 9
Wisconsin.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
Russia.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
City of Merida.New York.. Hav V Cruz.Dec 14
City of Bristol.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 14
Sarmatian.. .Portland—Liverpool.Nov 16
miniature Alumnae..December 2.
Sun rises.7.11 I Moon rises.9.15 PM
Sun sets.4.28 High water. 2.45 PM
MARINE NEWS.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Thursday, Nov. 30.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Carlotta, Colby, Halifax, NS,—passengers
and mdse to John Porteous.
VX A i>uou;u iui x.asipori
and St John, NB.
Sch Marcus Hunter, Orr, Hoboken—coal to Samuel
Rounds Sons.
Sch Sea Bird, (Br) Elston, Fall River, to load for
St John, NB.
Fritlny, Dec. 1.
ARRIVED.
Steamer New England, Field, fin St John, NB, via
Easti>ort for Boston.
Sch Sterling, Lewis, Boston, to load for Wiscasset.
Sch Tarry Not, Gardiner, Boston.
CLEARED.
Barque W Holbrook, Polleys, Sagua—George S
Hunt.
Sch Kathleen, (Br) Thurber, St John, NB—John
Porteous.
Sch Chas Sawyer, (new, 143 tons) McFarland, Balti
more—Chas Sawyer.
Sch Malabar, McCarty, Newark, NJ—Bunker Bros.
Sch Oasis, Wentworth, Cutler.
MEMO BANDA.
Sch Tornado, Parritt, at Eastport from Portland,
reports, while lying to near Rockland night of the 23d
ult, was run into by an unknown sclir under the
management of brutes, which carried away stanch
ions, lorerigging, sails, bulwarks, &c; also took away
port anchor, and caused the vessel to leak on port
tack. The stranger wras hailed in time to keep away
but paid no attention, and after getting clear bid the
crew of the cripled ves lei good bye, supposing they
were oinking. Capt Parrit finding he could keep his
vessel free with the pumps, started on and reached
Eastport on the 24tli. The unknown vessel was
bound up the Penobscot river and an effort, will be
made to find her, and recover the anchor, if nothing
more.
Sch Z Snow, Thorndike, from Belfast of and for
Portland, with 800 bbls plaster, went ashore at the
upper bridge, at Belfast, 30tli, damaging her bottom
so that she filled. Cargo total loss.
Sch L D Wentworth, Dodge, of and from Bangor
for Boston, was cut through by ice while towing down
river 28tli, and tilled with water. She was towed to
a wharf at Sandy Poiut, where she sunk.
Sch W A Dubosq, Herrick, of and from Bangor for
Boston, drove her anchor fluke through her bows
while passing the draw of Kenduskeag bridge and
soon alter tilled and sunk. The hole was stopped up
at low tide and she proceeded 29th.
Barque J H McLarren, for Aspinwall, which sunk
inside Sandy Hook, remains upright with four feet
water over her decks at low tide. The wreckers ex
pect to have her up in a few days.
Brig Caroline Gray, from New Orleans for Provi
dence, remains ashore at Moriches, LI, in good con- i
dition, her pumps being able to keep her tree. She
will soon be afloat.
Qneenstown, Nov 16—Brig L M Merritt, Gflkey, fm
Liverpool for Cardenas, with coal, has put in with
loss or sails and mainboom.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MOBILE—Cld 24th, brig Antelope, Rumball, for
Boston.
PENSACOLA—Ar 25th, sch Helen Augusta, Wells,
Indiauola; Petrel, Curtis, Galveston.
Cld 25tli, brig Melrose, Griggs, Providence.
FERNAND1NA—Ar 17th, barque Casco, Penny,
Newport, RI; brig Ysidora Rionda, Plummer, Sagua.
Ar 18tli, barque Sarah B Hale, White, Matanzas.
Ar 20th, brig Long Reach, Blair, Havana for New
York, (captain sick.)
Ar 22d, brig Adelaide, Wilson, from Matanzas; sch
Cvgnus, Small, Caibarien.
Ar 26u, Darque i> stetson, seimers, Boston.
Cld 23tl, brig S J Strnut, Hammond, Baltimore.
SA VANN AH—Old 25th, brig Cyclone, Neville, for
New Yolk.
Cld 28th, sch Addle Fuller, Henderson, Boston.
Cld 29tli, ship Ironsides, Mallard, Liverpool.
GEORGETOWN, SC—Cld 16th, brigs Chas Wesley,
Griffin, Martinique; Mary E Dana, O’Neil, Boston:
sch Elvira, Bancroft, New York.
Cld 17th, sch Mary, Gilchrist, Charleston.
NORFOLK—Sid 26th, ship Uncle Joe, Scwall, for
Liverpool.
ALEXANDRIA—Sid 28th, sell Maria Pearson, for
JLBa£t1MORE—Cld 28th, sch Helen, Stanley, for I
Belfast.
PHILADELPHIA —Ar 27tli, barquo Pleiades,
Campbell, Matanzas.
Ar 28th, schs Nellie Brown, Higgins, fin Gardiner;
Nellie, French, Spruce Head.
Cld 27th, sch Loretta Fish, Carroll, Charleston.
Cld 28th, schs Hattie E Sampson, Blake, Portland;
Sea Lark, Miller, Saco.
Ar 29tli, barque N M Haven, Hall. New Bedford.
Cld 29th, barque Ormus, Pettingill. Marseilles: brig
Camilla, Reed, Trieste; Katahdin, Saunders, Gibral
tar Prairie Rose, Lowe, Portland.
NEW YORK—Ar 28th, schs Crescent Lodge, Hatch
and Helen M Waite, Calais; Silver Bell, Bailey. Gar
diner; July Fourth,Cobb, Bangor for Newark; Poto
mac, Carver, Baugor; Geo E Prescott, Buckmaster,
Vinalhaven; Wm Freeman, Coleman, Thomaston;
J Tiuker, Stanley, Calais; Annie Harris, Harris, do
for Norfolk: Ethan Allen, Blake, Portland for Cuba;
L Newton, Williams, Portland; Henry, Merritt, Pro
vidence for Rondout.
Ar 29th, schs S L Thompson, Hall, and Idaho, Da
vis, Portland; L F Wright, Marsden, and Walter H
rhorndike, Hall, Rockland; Ella Frances, Bulger,
Calais; Teazer, Hamilton, Portland; Col Eddy, Mc
Bean, Port. Johuson for FuJ^ River.
Ar 21tli, brigs Alice Starrett, Hooper, from Malaga;
Ylfaratta, Wallace, fin Sydney, CB; schs Gen Scott,
smith, Calais; Ida L Howard, Ilarr.ngton, Portland;
3eoGilman, Murray, fm do; Oi hir, Murphy, Provi
ience; St Elmo, Davis, New Haveu.
Cld 29th, bri^s N Stowers, Savage, Kingston, Ja;
lavana, Benins, for Havana; schs Laura A Webb,
latch, St Pierre; Iona, Kendall, for Point a Petre j
litas. Griffin, Jacksonville; o»wjw,
BuiDGKPOU'l1—Ar 27th, ech Peiro, Rogera, from
Ar 29th. sch Santa Maria, Harding, Bangor.
NORWICH—Ar 28th, soli Jas A Crocker, Coomua,
icksonvil’e.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 29tli, sclis Addle Murcme,
nith, and Mary B Reeves, Maloney, Calais.
PAWTUCKET—Ar 28th, sch Kate Mitchell, East
an, Elizahethport.
NEWPORT—Ar 29th, sch Rena,Bishop, Rockland;
va H Lewis. Lewis, Providence for New York.
NEW BEDFORD—Cld 29th, brig Spray Bloom,
ernard. Portland, to load for Guadeloupe.
VINEYARD-HAVEN—Ar 28th. schs Matanzas,
ragilon, Hoboken for Boston; Sinbad, Arey, Soutli
.mboy for do.
Sid, brig Iza; schs Hyena, Geo Kilborn, G W Rav.
■y, A M Bliss, Sarah, Canary, Josephine, Union, Ac
ve, C H Kelley, and Matanzas.
BOSTON—Ar 29th, barque Tremont, Giles. Glou
ester; schs Starlight, Hamor, Cranberry I stes: J P
lent, Evans, Cherryneld; Sarah Moore, Herrick, and
urrow, Parks, Bangor; Senaca. Giles, and Corinthian
ones, do; Frances Ellen, Dean, Hampden; Cynos
ure, Daley. Camden; D P Pate hen, Patches, C as tine
>eean Romp, Fowler, Westport; Oceanic, Alley, and
imith Tuttle, Southard, Wiscasset.
Cl«l 29th, brig Sarali Peters, Hart, for Wilmington;
Vhitaker, Cotton, Addison; Win R Sawver. Pink
tarn, Millbridge; Ella Maria, Boyd, Portland; sch
Uba, (Br) Caldcr, do.
Ar 1st, sell M L Crockett., Crockett, Bangor.
Cld 1st, barque Kron Prinz von Prusson, Mussck,
Joothbay;' brig Liberty, Devereux, Havana; sch Eli
:a Frances, Hunt, St Andrews, NB.
SALEM—Ar 28th, sells Royal Oak, Benson, Calais;
5ol Francis, Bickford, Sullivan; Emeline, Stanwood,
Ellsworth; Loochoo, Titus, Rockland.
Ar 29th, schs Hairy Percy, Percy, Gardiner; Cas-
:ellane, Warren, Rockland.
LYNN—Ar 23d, schs Wigwam, Field, New York;
r7th, Georgians, Long; Trade Wind,Ingraham; Her
ild, Hall; Boaz, Foss, New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Ar at Callao Oct 28, helicon, Rogers, Port Gamble
via San Franck co; Nov 7, Otago, Thorndike, Bur
rard’s Inlet; 8tli, Andrew Johnson, O’Brien, from
Chinchas.
Sid 11th, ship St Lucie, Scribner. Guanape.
In port 11th, ships Emily Farnum, Lord, for Ger
many; Matilda, Blake, uuc.
Ski fm Asj»inwall 14th ult, brig C E Pickering, Tor
rev, Pensacola.
Sid fhi St Thomas 4th, brig Maria White, Parker,
Antigua.
Ar at St Pierre 31st ult, sch Delmont, Gales, from
Baltimore.
Sid fin St Jago 11th ult, barque Linda Stewart,
Creighton, Port Royal, Ja.
At Havana 23d, barque T K Weldon, Colson, for
New York, ldg; brig Torrent, Tibbetts, for Balti
more.
Ar at Matanzas 18th ult, brig ^Amelia Emma, Car
Ion, Portland.
Ar at Cardenas 20th, sch C F Young, Richardson,
Portland.
Sid 20tli, brig M A Berry, Berry, for North of Hat
teras.
Ar at St John, NB, 29th, sch Montebello, Williams,
Portland.
Cld 29th, sch Nellie Bowers, Staekpole, Havana.
[Latest by European steamer.]
Cld at Liverpool 14th, Nancy Pendleton, Pendle
ton, for Callao.
Ent for ldg 15th, Nor Wester, Burgess, for Calcutta.
Passed Dungeness 15th, Andrew MeCallum, Moody
from Guanape for Hamburg.
Ar at Bristol 10th ult, Anna M Knight, Davis, from
Philadelphia.
Sid fin Glasgow 12th, R P Buck, Curtis, New Or
leans.
Ott Seaview 14tli, Martin w Brett, from Stockholm
for Boston.
Oft’ Plymouth 13th, Oneida, McGilvcry, from Tal
cahuano for Leith.
Sid fm Leith 15th, Kennebec, Minot, for Bremen via
Burntisland.
New]>ort—Eut for ldg 14th, M L Miller, Leighton,
for Cieufuegos.
Ar at Queenstown 16th, L M Merritt, Gilkey, Liver
pool for Cardenas.
Ar at Geuoa lOih ult, Orchilla, Havener, from New
York.
Ar at Gibraltar 8th, Shasta, Brown, Malaga, and
cld for New York.
Cld at Havre 13th, Anita Owen, Blanchard, for
Newport, E: 14th, Enos Soule, Soule, New Orleans.
Ar at Leghorn 11th, Almoner, Gary, New York.
Ar at Marseilles 8th ult, Arizona, Conant, Philadel
phia.
Ar at Cuxhaven 11th ult, Wm McGilvery, Nichols,
Valparaiso.
Sldftn Helvoet 14th, Jennie Prince, Prince, foi
England.
SPOKEN.
Sept 30, lat 3 N, Ion 26 30 W, ship Annie Fisli, from
Newport for San Francisco.
Oct 27, lat 41 40 N, Ion 28 8, brig Carrie Bertha, fm
Leith for Boston.
Nov 10, lat 20 N, Ion 50 W, ship Arracan, fron
Iquique for New York.
Nov 26, Bamegat NW 40 miles, barque A N Frank
lin, from New Orleaus for Providence.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Commissioners’ Notice.
THE undersigned having been appointed Commis
sioners’ to receive and decide upon claims againsi
the estate of Otis Trickey, late of Westbrook, deceas
ed, said estate being represented a9 insolvent, hereby
give uotiee that they will be in session for that pur
pose at the store of Andrew Hawes, in Decring, or
Saturday, December 23, 1871, and Saturday, March 2
1872, from 2 till 5 o’clock in the afternoon.
ANDREW HAWES.
WM. D. BOOTHBY.
Deering, September 6,1871. dc2-dlaw3w S
City of Portland.
PROPOSALS will be received by the undereigne<
until Saturday, December 9, at 3 o’clock p. m.
for building a stone wall on Monument street, auffl
dent to keep the earth from falling away. Plans am:
specifications may be obtaiued of the City Civil En
gineer. The Committee reserve the right to rejecl
any or all bids.
Bidders are invited to be present at tbe Aldermen’i
Room, City Hall, at the above mentioned time.wliei
the bids will be opened. EBEN COREY,
Chairman Committee on Streets, Sidewalks and
Bridges. December 2, 1871. td
[Argus and Advertiser copy.]
Portland Academy
No. 2 CHESTNUT ST.
WINTER Term begins Dec. 4,1871. Terms, $1 (8
per week. Two or three more pupils can bi
Residence No 11 Elm street. ^"dSeouStt
Safes] Safes! Safes!
WE have just received several Fire Proof Safef
ami a Burgler proof Chest. All of the bes
Manufactures, for sale low.
F. O. BAILEY CO.
<lc2 6t
Wanted.
TEAMS to go into the woods and haul Herd Woo
Logs by the M, and spool timber by the cord.
Apply to A. C. BAKKEK.
131 Commercial St., Portland, or
D. H. TALBOT,
dc2-lw North Waterford.
Gas Notice!
THE Office of the Gas Light Company, will to-da;
be removed to the Rooms over the Portlaui
Savings Bank, No 95 Exchange st.
December 2,1871. new3t
STATE OF MAINE.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
Augusta, Nov. 29, 1871.
An adjourned session of the Executive Council wi
be held at the Council Chamber, in Augusta, on Tuet
day, the 19th day of December next, at 10 o’clock a.sj
Attest: FRANKLIN M. DREW,
dc2-2t Secretary of State.
First Class Drug: Store for Sale,
LOCATION of great value, thoroughly established
and doing a good paying business, and will bea
investigation. Satisfactory reasons for selling,
d 2-3t TAYLOR CO., 20 State St., Boston.
Meat Route for Sale,
REGULAR run of good paying customers, goo
horse, wagon, and all appurtenances to can
on the business. Grand chance for a man with sma
capital. TAYLOR CO., 20 State Street, Boston.
First Class Boarding and Lodging
House for Sale.
NOW full of good paying boarders and lodges
splendid neighborhood; house is huge and cor
venient. One of tlio best chances ever ottered. Sat
isfactory reasons for selling. TAYLOR CO., 2
State Street, Bostou. dc2-3t
Lager Beer and Lunch Saloon
FOR sale on a leading thoroughfare, well fitted up
full of business, ©no of the best places in th
State to make money. A bargain is ottered if appliet
for immediately. TAYLOR CO., 20 State St.
Boston, Mass. dc2-3t
ONLY 50 CENTS
to secure a business paying
$5.00 TO $10.00 PER DAY.
FOR samples of our different goods, all new, light
and saleable, sent post paid to agents for only 5
cents. Suitable for Ladies or Gentlemen to sell.
Address, New England Novelty Agency, No.
Asylum Street, Hartford, Conn. dc2-lm
Lost.
MNov. 24, Two white hound Dogs, one oi
medium size, trim built, weighs about 4;
lbs, tail slightly bushy, head and ears pah
yellow or cream color, numerous spots va
rying in sizes of the same color, upon his body he had
on a strap, which was attached an Express tag, ant
answers to the name of Guess. The other light and
trim built, weighs about 32 lbs, slightlv marked,
black spots at the stump of his tail, head and eari
yellowish red or tan color, and answers to the name
of Dime,he wore a collar marked J. A. Matherson, Nc
91R Aliv n.ivuuii raliiniinrr ui»hn.
above dogs to T. L. ANGELL, College st., Lewiston,
Me., will be suitably rewarded. dc2*3t
A FEW FACTS
WORTH KNOWING.
I SHALL OPEN on Tuesday morning
a choice selection of
FOREIGN GOODS!
Carefully selected and of much merit. These goods
come from Switzerland, where they were bought
by a gentleman of thirty years’ experience in
the EUROPEAN MARKETS, who visits the Peas
antry in mid-winter, when the Shown are
feet deep in the Alpine villages, and when these
people are dependent upon the sales of their produc
tions for support, they are of course bought at fr m
three to five hundred j>er cent. cheaj»er than by SUM
MER TOURISTS, and are imnorted during the dull
season, (when freights and exchange are low) by par
ties who imjKjr a ON DOLLARS per annum;
these goods,
SELECTED FOR THIS MARKET,
are chosen after experience in the wants of our citi
zens.
IMMEDIATELY AFTER THANKSGIVING, I
shall open a beautiful variety of
Raissian Rrodnetions,
Which are sold only by one other house in this coun
try These goods are very beautiful!
I have satisfaction in stating what is undeniable
that I have the best and most perfect stock of
MOULDINGS FOR GOLD FRAMES
Ever kept in this State, and shall be glad to make
;hem into Frames, under the supervision of skilled
workmen, as I have always had in employ.
My stock of Glass was bought iu July, since when
here has been au advance of 20 per ceut. This will
>e saved to my patrons.
The public arc invited to a free and full examina
,ion of my novelties, and will of course be the best
udges of quality and juice!
I am selling Fraug’N C hronic* for 50 rent*.
JtcreoNcopic YicwwutSS cl*, pep dozeu, and
ine large German i'iiromos for $1.50.
IIALE,
ISTo. 2 FREE ST.
Nov, 27-tflw
jNEVV AUVEKTISEMEJNTS. 1
J. II. WEBSTER,
INSURANCE AGENT,
Urk RKnoriil) from No. OS lo No. HI
I middle St., over A. Q. Leach’s Dry Goods Store.
Dec 2-dtf
Wanted.
FO UK or six Draught horses, weighing from ten to
tnirteen hundred pouuds, suitable for logging.
A. C. BARKER,
dc2-lw 131 Commercial st., Portland.
M2I!U:U:I!N;E1RSYJ>
Ladies, I wish to invite your attention to
my new and elegant slock of Hat*, Feath
er*, Ribbon*, Flower*,Velvet*, Ornament*,
Plume*, Pompon*, Arc., for Winter wear,
xvhicb 1 am Helling at price* that will please
you, connidering the richne** and beuuty ot
the good*. The IMillinery Department con
tain* everything «le*irable. In our Fancy
(>ooiU anil Ladle*’ Furni*hiug Oepart
ment* i* offered almost everything for u*e
or adornment that can be mentioned, and
at price* to *uit all. Sashes and Sash Ribbons,
Laces, Linen and Lace Collars anti Cuffs, Hosiery,
Gauntlets, Gloves, Hoop Skirts, Corsets, Hair Switch
es and Curls, Linen, Silk and Jute Switches, Merino
Under Garments (all sizes), Hamburg Edgings, Dress
Trimmings, Buttons,Frogs, Silk, Twist,Infants’ Rub
ber Bibs and Bands, Worsted Hoods, Sacks, Shawls,
Roil, Blue and Black Flannel Sacks, &c., all to be
found at 79 .Middle Ml, 3d door from Exchange St.,
Portland. (no3Cex!2w) WELCH.
“THE LIVING AGE
has no equal in any
country.”—PAi/a. Press
“It stands at the
head ot nineteenth
century literature.”—
Chicago Evening Journal.
“The best periodical
in America. Itev.
Theo. L. C'uyler.
Littell’s Living Age,
Issued every Saturday, gives fifty-two numbeiB
of sixty-four pages each, or more than
Three Thousand Double-Column Octavo Payes
of reading-matter yearly; and is the only compi
lation that presents, with a satisfactory com
plete ness as well as freshness, the best Essays, Re
views, Criticisms, Serial and Short Stories, Poetry,
Scientific, Biographical, Historical and Political In
formation, from the entire body of Foreign Periodi
cal Literature, and from the pens of the
ABLEHT LIVING W RITERS.
It is therefore indispensable to every one who
wishes to keep pace with the.events or intellectual
progress of the time, or to cultivate in himself or in
his family general intelligence and literary taste.
Fxtracts from Notices.
“Were I, in view of all tlic competitors that are
now in the field, to choose, I should certainly choose
‘The Living Age.* **—Rev, llenry Ward Beecher.
I “In no other single publication can there be found
B I 1UUL11 UI Dialling UtVIUI J L iT fit' I urn
Evening Post.
“The best of all our eclectic publications.”— The
Nation, AT. Y.
“The ablest essays, tbe most entertaiuing stories,
tlie finest j»oetry or the English language, are here
gathered together.”—Illinois State Journal.
“For thinking people, the best of all the eclectic
publications, and the cheapest.It is a
monthly that comes every week."—The Advance,
Chicago.
It gives to its readers more than three thousand
double-column octavo pages a year, of the most valu
able, instructive, and enterlaining reading of the day.
‘History, biography, fiction, poetry, wit, science, pol
itics, criticism, art,—what is not here?’ It is the only
compilation that presents with a satisfactory com
pleteness, as well as freshness, the best literature ol
the almost innumerable, and generally inaccessible,
European quarterlies, monthlies, and weeklies,—a
literature embracing the productions of tbe ablest
and most cultured writers living. It is, therefore,
indispensable to every one who desires a thorough
compendium of all that is admirable and noteworthy
in the literary world.”—Boston Post.
Published weekly at $8.00 a year ,free of postage.
Address L1TTELL CJAV, Boston.
The Best Home and Foreign Literature at Club
Prices.
[“Possessed of Thttell's Living Age’ and of one
or other of our vivacious American monthlies, a sub
scriber will find himself in command of the wholo ait
uation.”—Philadelphia Ev.Bulletin.
For Ten Dollars, The Living Age, weekly, con
taining tbe cream of Foreign Periodical Literature,
and either one of the leading Magazines of Home Lit
erature named below, will be sent to one address for
one year: viz.,—
Harper’s Monthly (or Weekly, or Bazar,)
The Atlantic Monthly, Lipi'incott’s Monthly,
The Galaxy, Old and New, Scribner’s Montii
Ly, The Overland Monthly, or Appleton’s
Journal (weekly); or, for $8 50, The Living Aok
and our Young Folks. Address as above.
d3t novl8-dec2-16
INTERNATIONAL
INSURANCE CO.,
NEW YORK.
CASH CAPITAL, $500,000.
Statement of the International In
surance Co., Nov. 2,1871.
Cash in Leather Manufacturers* National
Bank.'...*152,420.51
Cash on hand.... 0.1 la.an
.(Market Val.) 22,250.00
U. S. 10-40 Bonds. 109,250.00
U. S. 0 per cent 30 year Bonds 389,812.50
I U. S. 6 per cent. 1881 Bonds.. 11,525.00
State Bonds. 55,170.00
Market National Bank Stock. 2,688.0#
Real Estate. 200,000.00
Loans on United States Bonds. 237,475.00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 119,400.00
Premiums in course of transmission. 119,511.3
Debts for Premiums. 27,695.1
J All other Securities. 17,073.55
Total Assets.*1,466,720.01
LIABILITIES.
Losses iu process of adjustment
Including all losses at Chicago j <fuos,um
Other Claims. 3,050 *608,265.00
Capital and Surplus—$858,455.00
i aA y jrroHiaent.
HAMILTON BRUCE, Vice President.
WILLIAM T. HUGHES, Secretary
State of New York Insurance Department,
Albany, November 2, 1871.
In pursuance of the request of the International
1 Insurance Company of New York, 1 have examined
its affairs and find its condition is as follows:—
The Company has assets securely invested and
available to the amount of 1,4110,720. After de
ducting or providing for all liabilities, including re»/»
surance reserve and losses by the great tire at Chica
go* the Capital of the Company, $500,000, is
wholly unimpaired. These tacts are, in my judg
me,It: sufficient to commend theCompany to the entire
r confidence of the public. GEO. W. MILLER,
Superintendent Insurance Department.
W. D. LITTLE CO., Ag’s.
J OFFICE,.
49 1-2 EXCHANGE STREET.
i>ov21 d*w3wls

COVEEE VAEPEY,
i Cor. Congress Brown Sts.
Have now in Stock and are selling
Silk Plushes at 93 75 per yard.
Velveteen, all colors, 94 OO per yard.
Repellanta, 1 1.3 yd -wide, 83c.
7 yds Shirting Flannel for 91 OO.
12 Rolls Ratting for 91 OO.
Seamless Felt Skirts, best quality, 93 39.
Hlk. twilled Silk finished Velveteen, 37
inches wide, 91 OO per yard.
5 Prs. Bibbed all Wool Hose, 91 OO.
Extra Heavy for
91 OO.
10-4 White Hlnukela, 93 00 per pair,
worth S4 OO.
Bates .11-4,9123.
QUIETS
From 91 25 to 98 OO.
WHITE FLANNELS
35c to 91 per yard.
a u u m 8
From 20c oCOc each.
Our Entire Stock if Kid gloves at
Cost.
Joseph Kids 75c 12 Button Kids $1 15
n,_.. Beatrice Gauntless 1 75
WI'h a ’argf assortment or Dress Goods,
oiiawis, &c., &c. Call and examine.
no25eodtf S,T,T
GOLD DUST.
GOLD DUST.
It ia the beat Flour n Portland for the
Mon 7!
GOLD DUST.
It never faila to pleaae the moat faatideoua*
GOLD DUST
I* bought and anril, by old, retired, Flour
Merchant*!.
GOLD DUST,
I have aold lOO barrela of it, and not out
returned
GOLD DUST.
If once used, you will nlwaya use it
GOLD DUST.
Don’t fail to roiue for it. It will certainly
mnkr botue happy. You will henr no more
“juw” from your .errant girl.. It J,
to plenae.
WHOLESALE AND Rex
83 COMMERCIAL STREET
OPPOSITE THE OI.D CIOCK’
W. II. HALl,
no23dtf Late Japan Tea Store.
1V1 INt; EOU8.
BONDS.
Portland Municipal, j6’h
Portland Aid R. R. 'e>8
State ot Maine
St. Louts jj .g
Rockland Aid K. R. <;»s
European N. a. r. k. Gold «’s
Portland Ogd. K. r. Gold s
Portland A Rochester R. R. 7’s
Chicago 7>g
Ioledo g-g
FOB 4ALB BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
100 niildle'|«itrce(.
oc23 SV MW&F _
I1AUORI)
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce end Relish
RIa fe In any part of tue orld
FOR FAMTI '0' US
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Male aa Portland by
_JsISE NEVAN8._
A new lot of fine Engliali
BREECH A!VD FIZZLE LOADING
DOUBLE GUNS l
Just received per steamer, to bo sokt Vehy Low!
CS. L. BAILGY, 48 Exchange Ml.
Sign of the “Golden Rifle.” noiUeodtf ss
SK AT ESI
Sale Agent in the United slates lor the celebrated
"‘Acme Club Skfrfes.”
Also a full line of Wood Top Skates, at whole.ale
and retail.
ti. L. BAILEY, 4S Exchange street.
0033 cod sn
Solargrapli.
I HAVE invented a new and beautiful Picture; I
have named it Solargraph. Every one mi
mires it that see it: every one should see it before
gettmg any other. It is just the Pieture for a
CHRISTMAS PRESENT.
Come all and see the new Picture at
A. .II. JI’KENNEl’8,
nov21sxeod 161 middle Ml. diwlm
FLOUR.
Portland, Nov. 21, UT1.
To my former Customers and the Pnlic generally:
Returning thanks for nast favors. I wonbT ta.
spectrally invite you to No. 85 Commercial street, di
rectly opposite the Clock in Thomas Block, where
can be found a large and fine assortment of the best
grades of St. Louis Flour. Having determined to
give my exclusive attention to Flour alone, I shall
make it a point to purchase none that will fail to give
perfect satisfaction. The following will give some
idea of my success in selecting good flour. During
the year that I occupied the Japan Tea Store, ending
Nov. 1, I retailed 1000 bbls. of flour; 400 consecutive
barrels without the return of a single one, and only
14 bbls. were returned during the entire year. This
unusual success was largely owing to the quality of
flour selected, and partly in the manner which it wa*
sold, and that was to recommend it precisely what it
would prove to be. This will bo my future course.
My flour, will all be bought from first hands direct,
which will enable me to retail it at the lowest whole
sale prices. As 1 have a record of every barrel of
flour previously soM, and the purchaser’s name, by
reference to which I can judge very nearly what grade
of flour will suit the same customer.
Very truly, W. H. HALL,
bn no22eodtf Late of the Japan Tea Store.
Sheriff's Sale.
Cumberland, sb:
npA*.LN ou execut on and will be sold a.. paWfe
1 auction. or Saiw ay. ibe second day of De
cember, A. D.. 18T», at three o’clock *n ib** ft'ternoon
at the of J W. 8orsaith, in Brunch in said
Couuty, all the right in Equity, wb» ..arle* L.
Thompson, o! Brunswick, in the Oou u| Dumber
land, had on ihe iwenty-eight da^ oi. July, a.D.
1871, ar two o'clock and tiny roir> kj in the atter
n. ou, when the same was aitacj^ on the original
writ, »o rtd'm ihe tollowing ascribed Real Es
tate, situat*d in Brunswick, <n «Aid Couuty. t> wit;
a ceitsin lotoflana in Brunswick, aloresaid, with
the buildings thereon, known as the Homestead
Faim ot the la*-* Dunafcg. t>o*cr the *arae
rreunses convened to CharlesL. Idiom pson by James
H Dunnins, by U!s Deed oi warranty, dated March
26,18-2, and recorded in the Cumberland Rre «t.-v ot
D »ls. v’\'- ,P»«? Also by Samuel Lmn
rung, t*y Ida Dee l ot Quitclaim, excepting that part
•■^'d Blake by Thompson, and a part called the J udy
Chase lot. sold to John L. Swiit, the rest ot the tarru
being about one hundred acres
Also me other lot of land with theboil lings th*»re
on, situated w said Brunswick, on the south side oh
Noble sttert, and occupied by ihe s*M Charles u
Thompson. beiug the same conveyed *»y Waitstell*
W. D< ug!ass. by his Dee-1 oi warrant*,dated Novem
ber 8,1864, and recorded in «he Cumberland R. g s-.
ty oi Deeds. Vol. 329, Pa.-e 166. Ihe above premises*
being sntjoct to a mortgage tecoided in ihe Cum
berland Registry ot Deeds. Book 379, Page M4.
by the said CUailes L Thumps n in ihe bruns^ittfc
Savings In ituiion.io secure the payment oi a prom
issory note 'onh ee;thou?a».d dollars, dat*<t M*.r h
2B, 1871 payable in one >ear with interest, at eight
percent i ayah e semi annually, on wfekr. there is
now due the sum ot lliree lhousand Dollars, with
interest as ator said.
Brunswick, Ocf. *28. a. D., 1*71,
oc39*i3wM_J. W, FuhSAX Deputy Sheriff..
FKOBATE NOTICES.
To nil Perum ialrrminl in cither of the
r.Htatc* hereinafter named:
AT a Court of Probate held at Portland, within
and for the County of Cumberland on tho third
Tuesday of November, In the year of onr Lord eight
een hundred and seventy-one, the following matter,
bavins been presented for the action thereupon here
inafter indicated, it is hereby Ordered,
That notice thereof bo given to all person, inter
csled, by causing a copy of this order to be published
three weeks successively in the Maine State Press
and Eastern Argus, papers printed at Cortland afore
r .y tt T‘ .7 1.,uw,w wran 10 do
held at said Portland on the third Tuesday of Decem
ber next, at ten of the clock in tho forenoon aud bo
beard thereon, and object if they see cause.
FRANKLIN O. HALL, late of Casco, deceased.
First au<l tiual account presented for allowance, by
Elmer Brown, surviving partner of the late tirm of
F. O. Hall Co,
JOHN HAMLIN, late of New Gloucester, deceas
ed. bInal account presented for allowance, by Sophia
Hamlin, Executrix.
P-ASKELL, late of New Gloucester, de
ceased. I etition for licence to sell and convey real
estate, presented by Weston F. Milliken, Trustee.
Jate ot HownaL deceased.
wiH and petition for the probate thereof, presented
by Benjamin True, the Executor therein named.
OLIVE TUTTLE, late of Pownal, deceased. First
account prcscutod for allowance by Charles Huninh
rey, Executor. H
NATHANIEL WALKER, late of Pownal de
ceased. Will and petition for the probate thereof
presented by Charles S. Walker, tho Executor there!
in named.
ALVIN F. WELLS, late of Pownal, deceased.
First account. Petition for license to sell rights aud
credits, and petition for allowance out of personal
estate, presented by Hannah A. Wells, Administra
trix and widow of said deceased.
GERSHOM BLISS late of Freeport, deceased
Petition that Samuel A. Holbrook may be appointed
Administrator do bonis non with the will annexed
presented by Hannah S. Bliss, widow of said do-*
ceased,
BENJAMIN HUMPHREY, lato of Yarmouth
deceased. Petition Tor license to sell and convey
real estate, presented by Charles Humphrey, Execu
GEORGE TRUE, late of Yarmouth, deceased.
Second aud linal account presented for allowance by
Sarah S. True, AdmiuistraLrix.
EBENEZER COBB, late of Gray, deceased. Will
and IMititiop for the probate thereof, presented by
Edward Cobb, the Executor therein named. 1
ELIAS LIBBY, late of Windham, 'VfUafcM a*
counts presented for allowance, b /ndrewl ihhv~
Executor and Trustee. y Andrew Libby,
JOHN LOWERY. \ate of Deoring, deceased. Po
mt|nistra?orEli!£2^^igf8 may appointed Ad
Ln.l Ly^Levi Cram. Van B. Bray,
ami Luke Moore, principal creditors of said deceased.
CLARA D, COX, minor child ami heir of Warren
r„rX,:ii n°f deoeased. Aocount presented
for allowance by George F. Emery, Guardian.
ROBERTSON DYER, late of Portland, deceased.
allowance out of personal estate, pre
sented by Amanda L. Dyer, widow of said deceased.
•pLATHAM, late of Portland, deceased.
Petition for license to sell and convey real estate,
presentoil by Robert F. Sterliug, Administrator.
__^-NNA MT. MILLIKEN, minor child and heir of
Martha F. Milliken, late of Portland, deceased.
Petition for license to sell and convoy real estate, pre
sented by Seth M. Milliken, Guardian.
CHRISTIAN FERDINAND PUDOR, late of Port
land, deceased. Petition that Amalia L. Pudor may
bo appointed AdmiuNtratrix, presented by J. Ford.
Pudor, oldest son of said deceased.
SARAH E. THOMPSON, late of Portland, de
ceased. Petition for license to sell and convey real
estate, presented by Ralph Butler, Administrator de
bonis non.
EMMA R. WHITEHOUSE, late of Portland de
ceased. Account, resignation of the office of Trustee
and petition that JVG. Rowe may be appointed til
succeed to said trust, presented by Charles Si. llawke*
Trustee.
A true copy of Jud^
48-u-t Attest, EDWARD R, STAPLES Regi9ter.
The MllNienl T
VIU1U1 u
A New Book which will he a mo8t
HOLIDAY PRESENT;
A^Spnrki'in'i TllrAS”tK. being UM with
Ko„,Iom, PolkL p-fiu ‘‘“““rue.,
Ii»rhe», Qu*!l,iHc.PIilk. Mamjirk«», Nr hot.
U n ml A* ,,,,r<'li<M, four
*e<cm, Ac., all ot the beat quality.
Musk fitted far Viano-Forte or Heed Organ.
Price, Boards, $2 80; Cloth,*3 00; Ecu. Gilt,$100.
Sent post-paid on receipt of retail price.
OLIVER DITSON A CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
nov 28 d&wlstc
For Havana.
Brig “Lije Houghton,” quick dispatch.
For height apply to
J. S. WINSLOW CO., or
A. L. HOBSON.
Nw 3n-P-dlw
Found.
I^tTED\ESDAY morning' a small snm of m--my
T The owner cau have the same by calling on
Deputy Marshal Decode at l’olice Ortl« e and paying
or this advertisement. novU-3t