winter storms to be, from tbe eastern slopes
Of the Bockj Mountains. It seems to have
been invigorated in tbe region of tbe lakes,
as an engine fed by an increased supply ot
?team, and on reaching the State of New York
it was reinforced and intensified by a smaller
storm centre trom tbe Chesapeake Bay, a
locality which, as the Herald pointed out
a year ago, is a region of storms.
All the meteorological bureaus of Europe
combined do not furnish so magnificent an
opportunity for studying and foreannouncing
a storm as is afforded by our present signal
system. A new world of knowledge lies be
yond. Let it reoeive every encouragement to
push forward and reap the harvest.
The Oithtlle Reform Movement la Oer
MBjr.
The Old Catholics, as the followers of D til
linger chose to call themselves, still persevere
In their reform efforts in Germany. The con
ference lately held in Munich, and at wbioh
the leading spirits of the Dollingerites ap
peared, has attracted the attention of the
powers that be in the Vatican. Cardinal
Antonelii, we are told by our correspondent
writing from Munich, is in favor of the settle*
tnent of the differences existing between tbe
German reformers and the Vatican. The
Cardinal, it is said, supports the party of
conciliation "to a certain point." Tbe point
to which the Cardinal will go is not stated,
^however, and we can only conjecture how far
Ibe party of conciliation may incline to yield
to the wishes of the German Catholics
in their reform Ideas. The Jesuits, as
usual, come in for their full share of
condemnation for being the authors of
Cll measures calculated to stay progress,
inder reforms and obstruot generally liberty
and Independence in secular as well as re
ligious affairs. This is the old cry, and one
prhioh finds favor with a numerous class,
j hat there may be some ground for all this
Outcry we do not doubt, but the wholesale de
nunciation of the Jesuits arises as much from
Jealousy within the Church as from ignorance
Of tbe Order outside it. The Old Catholics,
In tbe bitterness of their opposition, may
overdo the work they set out to accomplish.
the reform movement is really intended to
accomplish the work of true reform, which in
cludes the correction of alleged abuses within
ibe Church, its leaders might do worse than
Abstain from making war on one particular re
ligious Order out of many, and devote them
Belves more earnestly to securing the full in
dependence of the universal fold.
Personal Intelligence.
Ex-Mayor Wax. G. Fargo, ot Buffalo, is at the
Astor 11 o use.
Loiied states Senator A. G. Tnnrman, of Ohio,
yesterday arrived at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
Judge J. C. Clayton, of Washington, is stopping at
the Grand Central Hotel.
Colonel James Stewart, of the United States Army,
IB quartered at the Sturtevant House.
Colonel H. C. Moore, of St. Loots, Is sojourning at
tbe st. Nicholas Hotel.
General James S. Negley, of Pittsburg, Fa., Is at
the at. Nicholas Hotel. Tbe General is tbe Repre
sentative In Congress or bis district.
Colonel Amasa Sprague, of Providence, Is stop
ping at tbe Hoffman House. He Is a brother of
Benator sprague, and is interested in tbe great
mannlacturing business ot tliat gentleman.
Ex-United States Senator Milton S. Latham, of
California, is at tbe Firm Avenue Hotel. Mr. Latbam
la also an ex-Governor, having been In tbe Execu
tive ebair when elected to tbe Senate.
General W. T. snerman, Miss sbermau and colonel
Audenreid. of tbe United states Army, arrived In
the city yesterday morning. They were accom
panied, as an escort to tbe General, by President
Grant, Mrs., Miss and Lieutenant F. D. Grant; General
Horace Porter and Or. Sharpe. Tbe General,
daughter and Colonel Audenreid put ap at tbe Astor
House, aUft. President Grant anu party went to
tbe Fiisi^^taiue Hotel. During the day General
BtiermairW? a kind of informal levee, at which
were preseiiT many of bis friends anxious to take
leave of bim. He expects to sail for Madeira on
Monday, oellevmg tbe frigate Wabash will then
have arrived and be In proper condition. It Is un
likely that President Graut and party will leave the
city until after the departure of General Sherman.
Last evening they attended the performance ot
"Xhe Critic," by Charles Mathews, at Wallace's.
THE TWENTY-8EC0ND BEQIMENT.
Iwelflh Anniversary mt Company B? Social
Kruiioa o I the OltiarR Soldiers.
The members of Company B, Twenty-second regl
nent, Held their twelfth anniversary last evening
at the armory in Fourteenth street. As on tlie oc
casion or previous festivities or a similar character,
(be affair proved to be exceedingly agreeable and In
fall accordance with tlie reputation of the popular
company under whoso auspices the reunion took
place. Snui-uy after n>ue o'clock the gue&s
assembled at tne armory, and were
ushered Into the apartment adjoining tue
spacious artll room. There was a tasteful
display of bunting, aud what with the music and
the general Hilarity that prevailed ttio sccne became
?ery animated. The attendance, besides the mem
bers of rue company, inoiaded several veterans of
the National Guard. captain Colfax, in the course
or a briet address, extended a hearty welcome to
tuose present. Lieutenant 1'earsall then made some
Observations, alludlug especially to the progress
which the company had made, tie passed a very
fining euloglum on the members of the National
Guard as a body, and in reviewing the career
or the Twenty-second regiment adverted
An appropriate terms to the excellent services It bad
Seadereu the community. Having partaken or the
nsDltalltles of the company, the guests ranged
themselves in the vicinity or the musicians, aud
aoine capital songs enlivened the proceedliypi,
which were occasionally dlvcrslflod by Bome fine
Eicteristlc dances. Rx-Lieu.enant Laird, Mr.
trray and otners con tributes largely to the on
niuent of those in attendance. The anniver
sary was altogether celebrated with due honor, and
the occasion added muob to tne popularity of the
company, which comprises some or the Quest citizen
aoidiers 01 oar National Guard.
THE ELECTION IN MI88I88IPPL.
J ACES ON, Nor. 11, 1871.
Sufficient returns have been received to indicate
With certainty the political complexion of the Legis
lature. The House of Representatives will have 01 re
publicans, &3 democrats and a independents. The He
cate will have 24 republicans snd 13 democrats. The
last senate stood 26 republicans and 7 democrats;
the last House, 15 republicans end 22demoorats. In
?II (lis large counties where the republicans are
strong the democrats pat forth no ticket. The
ocmocrau did not vote in Adams county, where there
are over Dve thousand votes, largely republican,
and where only 8,000 votes were polled. The same
may be said 01 many other counties. The popular
vote was not polled by manv thousands. No dis
turbances have been reported from any quarter.
Governor Alcorn will in a tew days resign and
turn the office over to Lieutenant Governor Powers.
Governor Alcorn goes to the United States senate in
Decern i>e r.
ILLINOIS ELECTION.
Chicago, Nov. 11, 1871.
fUturns rrom forty-seven counties give Beverldge,
4be republtcsn candidate ror Congressman at Large,
14,600 majority.
A DABINQ BOBBERY.
ai hair-past twelve o'clock yesterday afternoon,
wMe Mr. Henry p. Piagft, watchmaker, at No. 86
Nassau street, was absent at lunch, and
while his establishment was In charge of
Louis Myer. a lad fourteen years of age, three
rougn 1 looking men entered the place, seised the
boy, dragged him into the baok room, bound and
gagged him and wrapped his employer's coat about
las head, so as to prevent him from maklug
an alarm. Alw hsvtn? disposed of the lad the
mittens went through tne stock in the establish*
nient and selected $.1,000 worth of watches and
watch movements, with whioh ther escaped. Cap
Ubi Irving was notified. and to now on tne I00*0"'
lor the thieves
THE BONAPARTES,
Marriage of Prince Pierre
Napoleon.
THE HAPPY BRIDE.
THE MEMORY OF VICTOR NOIR.
TEIEWAIP TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Brussels, Not. 11, 1871.
Prince Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte, who gained a
degree of unenviable notoriety by nis snooting or
assassination of 11. Victor Noir, of the Marseillaise
newspaper, and his subsequent trial for trie offence
at Tours, was married to-day at the French Lega
tion In this city to Mile. Rlfflin.
BKBTCH OF PRINCB PIERRE NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.
The bridegroom, Prince Pierre Napoleon Bona
parte, Is the third son of Prlnco Lucien Bonaparte,
brother of the first Emperor Napoleon. Pierre Na- j
poleon Bonaparte was born on the l-th of Septem
ber, in the year 1816. lie is in the fifty-sixth year of
his age. Tne Prince was lormerly che/ae ba/aillon in
the French service, he subsequently filled the office of
President-Oeneral or Corsica. He is of the elder
branch of the Bonaparte family, resulting from the
fusion of the two lines of Joseph and Lucien,
brothers of Najpoleon ttjo^Great, His eldest sister was
the rrlncess Let ft la, who was married to sir Thomas
Wyse, formerly British Minister to Greece, and died
in April, 1862. One of his brothers is Prince Louis
Lucien. He had one elder brother, Prince Antolne,
who married the Princess Mary Anne, daughter of
the Avocat Cardinal of Lucca, and two sisters, one
ot whom, the Princess Marie, married Viscount Vin
cent Valentlnl, of Canino. The other sister is the
Princess Constance, Abbess of the Convent of the
Sacred Heart, in Home.
T1IB BRIDE.
Mademoiselle Rlfflin, the bride, has, it Is said,
maintained the most Intimate terms of family rela
tionship with Prince Pierre Napoleon during several
years past, the holy omce of the Church to-day
bCTng merely the performance or a long-delayed
ceremonial.
Th?* Shooting of V.'ctnr Nolr.
This homicide was committed on the 10th ot
January, in tho year 1870. on that day MM. Victor
Nolr and Ulrlc de Fonvlelle presented themselves at
the nouse of the Prince, 5u Rue d'Auteull, Purls, as
the delegates of M. Paschal urousset, who bad
signed an article in the Marseillaise reflecting on
tho Bonapartcs and personally on the Prince. Hav
ing been Introduced into the drawing room,
Prince Pierre asked them "if they were the
rnawrvres (workmen) sent, Rochefort. At that
moment, it Is said, M. Victor Nolr struck the Prince
a blow m the race, and M. de Fonvlelle drew a re
volver from his pocket. In presence of so violent
nu aggression the Prince took down a
pistol lroin a panoply which decorated his apart
ment and fired at M. Victor Nolr, who, finding him
self wounded, staggered down the staircase and fell.
TUB EXCITING CAUSE.
We should perhaps have premised that the sub
joined letter which Prince Pierre Bonaparte hud
previously addressed to M. Rochefort, ol the Ma r
setUaize, set fortn the cause of the origin or the
quarrel, and this explains why MM. Nolr and de
Fonvlelle were at the apartments of the,Princo. Ihe
paper reads as follows:?
Paris, Jan. 9.
Monsieur? After having Insulted, one after the
other, each of my relatives, and after not sparing
either women or children, you now insult ire by
the pen of one ol your workmen. Nothing could be
more oalurai, ana my turn was sure to arrive. Only
I have perhaps one advantage over tne greatest
number of those who bear my name? tnat of
being a private person, while being a Bona
parte. 1 therefore come to ask you lr your Ink
bottle Is protected by your body, and I confess that
I have but little confidence in the success of my
Interrogation. I learn, in fact, by the journals thai
your electors have given you positive orders to re
fuse all reparation or honor, and to carefully guard
your precious existence. Nevertheless, I aare to
iIhk tne adtenture, in the hope tnat a feeble rem
nant of French uplrlt will induce you to depart, in
mv favor, from the measures of prudence and pre
caution In which you have taken refuge. If then,
by chance, you consent to draw the protective bolts
which render your honorable person doubly inviola
ble, you will find me natwer in a palace nor m a
chateau; for I live simply at 59 Rue d'Auteull,
and I promise you that If you present yourself there
you will not be told that I am out.
Walling for your reply, I have tne nonor to salute
JOCL. P1KKKK NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.
WHAT THE EMPEROR NAPOLEON SAID.
The Emperor Napoleon JiL immediately issued a
decree directing tue trial of Prince Pierre Napoleon
on a charge of homicido. In this naper His Majesty
said:?
Whereas certain reports drawn up attribute to
Prince Pierre Bonaparte a homicide committed on
January 10, 1870, ou the person of Victor Noir; and
whereas the person Inculpated belongs to our fam
ily, and is, therefore, liable to be brought be lore the
High court of Justice; on the prooosltlon of our
Minister of Justice wc have decreed and do hereby
decree as follows:?
Annex* I.? The Chamber of In.llctment of the High Court
of i nttlce shall be convoked to decide of the act of homicide
imputed to Prince Pierre Bonaparte.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S HEALTH.
Hopeful Convalescence and Continuous Rule.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERAUL
London, Nov. 11, 1871.
Queen victoria's condition of bealth bas im
proved wonderfully (taring a few weeks past, and <ttl
proposals for a partial regent Have been aban
doned.
ENGLAND.
Steamship Collision and Small Craft's Crew
Lost
TELE6RAIR TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
London, Nov. 11, 1811.
The steamshtD Holsatia, of the Hamburg-Amerl
can line, in leaving the narbor of Plymouth en
routs to Hamburg, came in collision with a schooner,
which sank before the most active exertions could
save the crew.
They all perished, going down with the ill-fated
vessel.
SPAIN.
Trade Strikers' Violenee and Its Results in Va
lencia
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Madrid, Nov. 11, 1871.
The journeymen bakers or Valencia, who have
been on a strike for an increase of wages, attempted
to prevent, by violenee, tbe introduction to the city
of non-society men and cheap bread, coming rrom
tbe adjoining towns.
A body of cavalry, however, succeeded In dis
persing tbe mob and restoring order*
ITALY.
The Heir Apparent to the Throne and the Centre
of Royalty.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Ronn. Nov. 11, 1871.
Prinoe Humbert, eldest son of the King of Italy,
and heir apparent to the throne, will arrive In tau
city on the uth instant.
BELGIUM.
The Rata of Disoonnt Reduced.
TELEGRAM TO THE REW YORK HERALD.
brcssils, Nov. n, mn.
The Bank of Belgium has to-day reduced its rate
of discount to four per cent.
YELLOW FEVER 8UR8IMHO IH CHARLESTON.
OnARuwroN, ft. C., Nov. 11, 1871.
There nave been no deaths here to*u?y from fel
low lever.
ROME AND FRANCE
The Papal Nuncio and French For
eign Minister in Conference.
Fio Nono to Claim a Sole Boyalty in the Holy
City.
1ELEUUM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Pabis, Nov. 11, 1871.
The Prince <le Chigl Albanl, Papal Nuncio, nad a
prolonged interview wild the Count de Remusat,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, vesterday.
The COHStitutionnel of to-day sajs .?"The pair
discussed a forthcoming protest of the Pope, In
which the Holy Father will deolare himself the sole
King of Home, and will announce hlB determina
tion to hold no official intercourse with any foreign
representatives serving at the Court or near the per
son of King Victor Emmanuel."
DKMOCBACT TO TKACH THK CARDINAL SKCRBTART.
It is stated here that the first duty or the Duo
d'Barcourt, on ms arrival at Rome, will be to pre
sent to Cardinal Antoneill a formal protest against
the publication of a portion of the Frenoh Ministers'
confidential correspondence with tne Pontifical
Secretary.
FRANCE.
The Diplomatic Hiuiona of the Bepublic.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
London, Nov. 11, 187L
The IndCpenaance Beige newspaper, in Its Paris
letter of yesterday's date, reaffirms tbe statement of
the appointment o( M. Jules Ferry as Prenon
Ambassador to Washington.
A later statement Is ss follows:? M. Guizot has ac
cepted the position of French Minister to England.
Tbe Due de Broglle takes the mission to Austria.
M. Plcard that to Belgium.
M. Ferry to the United States.
M. Goulard to the Court 01 Italy.
ROME.
The Autumnal Rise of the Eiver Tiber.
TELEERARi T8 THE NEW YORK HE.HL1
Rome, Nov. 11, 1871.
The autumn floods of the Tiber have recently
dono muou damage, but the waters are now sub
siding.
AFFAIRS IN UTAH.
Denth of a Prominent Gentile? Wonderful
Reports from the Tin Mints? Ilrighaui
Young Still Unheard From.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 11, 1871.
J. B. Kimball, of the well-known mercantile firm
of Kimball A Lawrence, died last night from con
sumption. Tlie deceased was an old and highly
respected resident of Salt Lake City. Ho was not a
Mormon.
The papers report that a company of mission
aries or the Mormon raitli are to leave Ogden for the
Eastern States on the lfiih Inst. The Union Pacific
Railroad gives them tickets at hair rates.
The Emma Mining Company have commenced the
shipment East or the immeuse quantity or ore
winch has accumulated nere during the summer.
Assayers or this city are now finding tin in the ore
from Ogden. They return as high as len per cent,
and eighty-two per cent on metal run out by the
crude process.
Tin stock is again up. The Adelaide mine at Little
Cottonwood is claimed oy Its owners to show every
indication of being a second Emma.
There is no intelligence from Brlgham Toung or
Orson llyde.
.The weather Is stormy and snow Is falling on the
hills.
THE PACIFIC COAST.
California Highwaymen Arreite;!? Jlrn. Fnlr
Aitnin Before tbe Court*? band Worn In
Los Antdra Cotinty.
San Francisco. Nov. 11. 1871.
Three highwaymen, named Jones, Houx and
Sampson, belonging to a gang wno have repeatedly
robbed the stage near Cloverdale. in Sonoma county,
tnis season, were arrested there yesterday, and
three otners of the same band will be captured.
The wreckers have succeeded In saving a large
portion or the coal and other cargo of the Brttisn
iron ship stranded in St. Ramon Hay, Lower Cali
fornia. Tbey will probably nave ihe ship.
l'nc case ol mm. Fair was beiore the Supr"tne
Couit to-day an 1 arirued ou a motion lor a new
trial on technical grounds.
Forty thousand sheep perlsned bj the recent
Band storm In Los Angeles county,
A Chilean, named J. Mallen, lias been arrested at
Oleina. Mann county, for murdering his partner,
named Thomas Slivas. in order to secure (Ou. he
compelled a womau with wuom he lived to assist
him tu sinking the body In ttolinas Bay, and she
revealed the murder.
NEW YORK CITY.
John Mltchei will lecture at Cooper Institute on
the 2-!d instant, the proceeds to be devoted to the
fouudlng ol a new Irish brigade.
A fair will be held by the Sisters of the Strangers,
In the Church of the Strangers, No. 4 Wlnthrop
place, commencing tomorrow and continuing
in rough the entire week. There will be no lotteries,
no railing nor any exhibition.
At a quarter past nine o'clock yesterday morning
Patrick Kevin, twenty-nine years of age, of 201
Bowery, fell and broke his leg on the corner of Sixth
avenue and Thirty -third street. He was taken to
Believue Hospital In an ambulance.
The members of the Society or the Cumberland
are requested by Major General Opdycke to meet at
the Astor House on Monday, the 13th instant, at
eleven o'clock A. M., punctually, to mako arrange
ments for attending tne ahnual reunion at Detroit.
Bridget McKenna, a little girl ten years of age,
whose parents reside on the southwest corner of
Eighty-atxth street and avenue B, died yesterday
afternoou, from tne effects or extensive barns re
ceived on Wednesday last by her clothes taking Are
rrom a bonilre which had been kindled in avenue
B. Coroner Keenan was notified to hold an
Inquest over tne remains.
The Fire Marshal reports thirty -seven fires for the
week ending November 11 at noon. The estimated
loss is (78,280; amount of insurance, $232,060. The
causes of the several flres were as follows:? Careless,
ness or occupants and employes, 8; children playing
with matches, 2: dclective flues, 2; defective
heaters, 2; foul cntmneys, 5; irasllght set Are to win
dow curtains, l leak m gaspipe, 1; kerosene lamp ex
plosion, 3; kerosene lamp upsetting, 2; carelessness
in using liquid gas, 1; overheated stoves, 2; over
heated furnaces, 2; overheated stovepipes, 2; sparks
from stoves, 2; not ascertained, 2. Total, 37.
At a quarter past six o'clock yesterday morning
John Ward, forty-one years of age, of West Mount
Vernon, wno was employed on tne Harlem Railroad,
was fatallr injured by being struck by tne New
Haven train, which was driven by Knglneer No. 48?
David Stephenson. The accident occurred at Fifty,
niuth street, and the man was taken up and sent to
Believue Hospital. There are more accidents of this
kind occurring on the same road than any in Amer
ica. ^arcely a week pas es but a number or stich
casualties are reported by the police, and whether
it is the stnptdlty of the employes or the looseness
ol tne management Is a question difficult to settle
until the proper authorities take the matter In hand
and make a thorough examination Into too condi
tion of the road.
THE BOOTBLACI'8 FORTUNE.
There have been many instances recorded In which
It has been alleged that children of beggars have
suddenly become heirs to immense fortunes as un
expectedly and with as little difflcnlty as though the
money ha<i come Into their coffers by a movement
of the fsirves wand; in other cases, manners less
enterprising man Hinoau, have lieen dropped Into
the Valley 01 niamonds, and arter a rew short years
returned with "purses long and weighty." But one
of tne most romantic Instances is that which has
lust oeen received rrom the Newsboys Association.
William A. W. v\ late, a New York newsboy and
bootblack, lias Just been informed by a relative,
that consequent upon toe death of his grandmother
at Mulllnavat, Ireland, hois the rortunaio heir to
?2.i, 2?8, or $iiri,4f should this be true White may
not only cease tu "biack," but can easily aitord to
treat his pals all rouud. aud start an u?uM*uoa
bis uwt
PRINCE ALEXIS.'
Humors of His Arrival? A Man on the Lookout
Mistaking an American for a Russian
War Vessel? A Voire from the
Reception Squadron.
At about nair-past four o'clock yesterday after
noon everybody down town who ettner for business
or pleasure came Into the vicinity ot the Aator
House saw a Russian ensign floating from the flag
staff erected on that building. Scarcely had the
eye rested upon this peculiarly shaped piece of white
bunting, with two olack strokes across it, which at
a distance gave tne idea or "Death's Head" with
the marrow bones for a guardian, than the cry of
?'Arrival of the Qraud Duke!" was sounded in the
ear by the merry newsboys, who, as the heralds of
every sensation, convey to the public the
"news," no matter what it? character. Hun
dreds of the wuyiarers greedily snatched up
the "lxtry" which was being so bemouthed
by these little rogues, who laughed and Jibed and
Jostled each other In their endeavors to meet the
great demand upon their movable paper stalls.
"Come at lost; well, better late than never," said
a gentleman, as he stood In front of the clerk's
desk in the Astor House reading a telegram which
bad been posted up for the information or the gen
eral public. This /acv s<m to* of lightning intimated
that at half-past lour P. M. yesterday a vessel be
longing to the Russian fleet had just hove lu
signt oir tne Highlands. As soon us this
announcement was made the ensign alluded
to was run up, lu accon lance with tne arrangiuent
entered luto between the Executive Committee for
tne Pnuue's reception and the proprietor of the
hotel. This, as was previously siaied in the
H kkald, was to be the signal downtown of the
yonng Duke's arrival, and consequently it was so
con -idered.
At tne same time that the despatch was delivered
down town a suiliar notice was forwarded to the
Rusalan Minister, M. Catacazy, at the Clarendon,
seeming to have a certain amount or reality about
It, the Ambassador telegraphed lor further particu
lars before lie would veuturo to advise any of his
friends concerning it. Tne next despatch appeared
to convoy a doubt whether, after all, the vessel was
a Russian one. "Try again," s&tdthe Minister, and
a third was received? still doubting. The last oue
iroiu Sandy Hook staled that there certainly
was a frigate coming in, but whether one of the
Prince's convoy or not the operator was unable to
say. lu the meantime Major Montgomery, Secre
tary to the Committee oi Citizens, had hoard of
the rutnorod arrival, and thinking the diplo
matic repreriehiatlve of Russia would be tne
most likely to have the lirst oorrect information,
he telegraphed to M. Cutacazv, asking If the rumor
was lounded on fact. Accepting the version or tne
last despatch us jeing the most accurate, he replied
to the Major that it was most likely another mis
take; that the mun on the "lookout" had probably
mistaken the arrival of the Wabash, which is
nourly expected from Boston lor General Sherman,
and hence the excitement.
Up to the time or our going to press nothing has
been received to contradict this laiter assumption,
but un intimation Irom the fleet that the Wabash
would most likely be In In a lew hours seems rather
to coiiilrin the opinion ttiat tne ingate is ati Ameri
can. This is "balk" No. 2. The following is the
original announcement from the Associated Press:?
"Sandy Hook, Nov. 11, 1871.
"One vessel of the Russian fleet is now off the
Highlands coming up the Ray."
The Squadron Down In the Horaenlioe.
United States Steamship Congress, i
NOV. 11, 1871. j
It might be called a state of desperation whloh
has settled around the minds oi the personnel of the
fleet. The lively state of expectancy and specula
tion which lent a feature ot occasional Interest to
the dreariness of those waiting here for the Russian
Prince has almost wholly passed away. A
wind shilling from east to 'northeast, ac
companied by neavy rain and mist, was our
oheerful companion yesterday. Tne exclamation,
"Good wind for the Russians" which gave a fortnight
ago a bright side to the dark clouds banked around
the horizon, is no longer heard. The damp quarter
masters mechanically brushed their spyglasses and
sinned the fogginess without any apparent hope in
objective. If I asked an opinion, a deep grunt revealed
that they (the quartermasters) "give 'em to Christ
mas." It is the old story of "hope deferred making
the heart sick." I lortifled my phlegmatic stolidity
behind a pipe and pulled away in rivalry to the cir
cumambient fog. Thursday was a lovely day. Sun
snine and a tight west wind- a genuine child of
I Zephyrus? barely ruffled the water, so the stanch
VICE ADMIRAL ORDERED OUT THE BOATS
or the fleet for exercise uuder sail. Tlicre was
searcely enough wind for this, however, and, with a
fatherly care Tor hia ruyged children, Admiral
Kowan signalled the miniature flotilla to "unstep
masts. When this wan accomplished tho whale
boat of the Congress was ordered to approach and
then despatched us a staneboat about a quarter 01 a
mile to the leeward. The boats were ordered to
rorm in line abreast, and, at the firing of a musket,
to start for the .Southwest spit buoy No. 10, rounding
it from the east and north and returning so uh to
cross the imaginary Hue between tne Congress and
the siakeboau t he course was about taree miles,
and a gleam ot satisfaction sat uj>on the faces or
the gallant tars as tney learned tney were about 10
race. There wfre twenty-one boats engaged. The
point oi vantage was that nearest to the Congress,
or the lelt ol the line. The Cougrssa' third cutter
had ueen despatched along the line to communicate
the details, and was on the extreme right 01 tue
Hue wnen the musket was hred. It was a splen
did sight to see the sailors bending to their
work with a will, and the variety of
build and manning, from the light whaieDoats,
with Ave oars, to the heavy launches, double bauked
with twelve oars. The Admiral's large twelve oars
somehow was a favorite at the start, but she did
not come ni> to expectations. The other favorites
were a crack twelve-oared cutter belonging to the
Iroquois and the third cutter of the Congress. As
soon as the boats were well under way, and skill in
steering and wlud In pulling were beginning to tell,
it was seen with soiuesurprlse that the captain's gig
of the Congress, ten oars, was leading, with the
tnlrd cutter ol the Congress about a boat's lengtu
behind and to leeward. The barge had fallen oe
Innd and was working hard with the heavy launch
of the congress, which was maklutt splendid time
lor so heavy a boat. The Iroquois' whaleboat was
In advance of the barge and skiminiug along very
graceiuiiy, bat unable to crawl up on either of tne
three heavier boats ahead ol her. As they neared
the spit buoy the gig, which had
the inside, was evidently hugging close
so as to rorce the third cutter to make
a wider detour. They were disappointed in this,
for aitnough she stood close In on rounding, being
then hall a boat's length ahead, the coxswain of
tho third cotter crieo out to his port oars to ship,
ami ran Inside the gig, barely rounding it without
touching. It was now a magnificent race home.
The lroquis' cutter had gaiued nothing aud the
other boats turned it in about the order already
indicated, the Severn's launch bringing up
the rear or the ruck. There was hard work
on both of tno leading boats, and with
a splendid spurt the third cutter came abreast of
the gig and passed her, forging directly ahead and
giving her her wash. This position was but little
altered, although the gig did gallant work to gain
something on her antagonist. The third cutter
Anally passed the line amid the cheers or the crew
of the CongVess, live seconds ahead of the gig. Tne
Iroquois' cutter followed at about flve boat
lengths, with her whaleboat and tne
barge close behind, followed by the 'Cbngress'
launch. The wiuing boat was commanded by
Alphonso H. cobb, midshipman, with Charles
Dooley, the judicious coxswain. The gig was
steered by Charles Daly, tne Iroquois' cutter py
Master Marlx, with a midshipman at tne stroke oar;
Ensign Bixler commanded tho whaleboat, and the
victor among the launches was steered by Lieuten
ant commander Cooper, of tne Congress.
A sharp nor' wester Is blowing to-day, and as this
is dead In the teeth or the Russians I incline to tne
white- heardeu quartermaster's opinion, who has
relaxed his sarcasm so far as to allow them to
arrive afoul the 'iotli Inst. The Wabash Is expected
here to day from Boston. She may possibly join
the fleet.
IH8AHE HOMICIDE.
POCGBUIP9IE, N. Y., Nov. 11, 1871.
Levi Bodtne and Moses Terwtlilger, both of Ulster
county, arrested for murder, have been declared to
be insane aud sent to the Uuca Asylum for the In
sane.
TELEGRAPHIC NEW8 ITEMS.
The academy, the oldest landmark la Plattsburg, N. 1.,
wae ourned Kriday night.
The stablee attached to the Prospect Park Hotel at Cats
MLjl. V., were destroyed by fire last night. The loea le
Boi.ert McAleer, aged seventy-two, was killed on the
railroad at Providence, B. I., yesterday afternoon while
walking on the track.
There was received at the port of Chicago last week ror
dntlee on Imported goods the turn of 94U,0ud In gold.
The Orand Jury of the United State* District Court, in Bal
more, yeetenlay morning returns I Indictments against the
parties previously presented in ths Haiti mure whiskey cases
eighteen In number. Tbs oa.ee will be tried In the December
term of ute Court
Governor Hoffman has pardoned Benjamin Teaehout, sen
tenced to be hftnge I In Wyoming comity for poisoning Ins
wile. New evidence has been received, which throws doubt
on hiaguiit.
J. P. Conch, who travels under various aliases, has been
arrested in Providence, B. I., by United states Treasury de
tectives, charged with making and "shoring" counter
feit fitly cer.t coins, five cent nickels aud 41 lU aad $JU na
tional bank bills, all of which are remarkably well exe
cuted.
The Convention of Hteamboatmen at Louisville vesterday
adopted a memorial to Secretary Houtwell a?king the sus
pension or the enforcement of the Steamboat law until a re
vision can be had also a resolution asking the government
to lake cbarce or the Louisville Canal or uletioB and
ths to La.
u
WA8H|NGTON.
Exposure of the Bogus Tin
Mines of Utah.
Judicial Decision on the Woman
Suffrage Question.
The Writ of Habeas Corpus Suspended in
Union county, South Carolina
WASHINGTON, Nor. 11, 18TI
Tfae H ambus Tin Mines of Utah.
It Is certain that a systematic effort la being made
to '?bull" the New York and other financial markets
In tne interests of the new so-calleil tin mines at
Ogden, the J auction of the two Pacific Railroads In
Dlah. The tenor or letters affecting to be private
and of the recent press despatches received here
leaves no doubt of the object In view. With
reierence to the last report of the crucible
and other lest applied by Cornish miners
and other experts, the geologist of the
General Land Otfice slates that he recently tested
some of the identical mineral referred to and pro
nounced against its claim to be recognized us tin.
This verdict giving dissatisfaction to expectant
speculators, he sent the lossil compound to a noted
expert In Philadelphia, who applied to It the ulti
mate tests of chemistry and declared It to have no
commercial value whatever, except, perhaps, as
ballast. Cornwall may possess itseir lu peace a
little longer.
Tne Woman Snflrnae Question Disponed Of.
The majesty of the law, as typified by the Judges
of our United states District Court, ha been en
gaged with the fourteenth and fifteenth amend
ments for tho past three weeks, and both the law
and the amendments survive. Mrs. Sarah spencer,
President of the Woman's Club and manager of our
only Business College, was refused a place on the
list ot registered voters, and applied to the aggre
gated wisdom and power of Judges Cartter, OUn,
Wylle, Humphreys and McArthur lor a mandamus.
These gentlemen, sitting as a Court in General Term,
have decided against the plaintiff, practically, but
sustained her theoretically? a distinction with a
difference in this case. It is held that the fourteenth
amendment has, In fact, clothed the American
woman at large with the charaotor of a citizen, and
the fifteenth amendment has made her a voter
everywhere but in the District of Columbia. Here
tne exclusive control of Congress has not been Im
paired in any particular by any amendment, and
that body, with fears of Victoria and Tennie
beiore its legislative eyes, restricted the little
suffrage it gave to the District at all
to mules, there not being enough to go
round. Each Judge gave a separate opinion on
the case, Judge Wylle, a Jurist of an Amazonian
turn of mind, said, "Congress had th? power to say
wno shall and who shall not vote. It might have
said none but women should vote In the District of
Columbia, and we would have had to snbmit to It.
1 do not know but that would have been the better
way." But Humphreys, "Old Necessity, as he Is
playfully called by tho bar, Knowing no law, dove
deep into social philosophy. He remarked that
the plaintiffs are to be recognized as included
under the term man. Society cannot exist
without both. By all law the generic term
includes both male and female? man and
woman, although tne generic lurno alone is
used. What is it, then, these plaintiffs claim T Cer
tainly not to bo separated, tne one rrom the other.
They claim that they mnst participate In all things.
The substance of the decision is, that woman can
vote In any part of the country without going to
Wyoming Territory, provided she does not come
here. And it is quite as well that she stay away on
general principles. If the courts of the several
sovereign States agree to accept their law ready
made in this neighborhood the "true women" will
find the ground all cleared for their new sixteenth
amendment, which is not suffrage, but divorce.
The Privileges of the Writ of Habeas Cor
pus Suspended lu Union County, .South Caro
tins.
The following Is Issued to-day:?
Bv TUB PKXSIDKNT OF Til M CNITKO STATES OP
Amkkica.
A PBOOtAWATrON.
Wherkas by an act or Congress, entitled "an act
to enforce the provisions or the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of t ho United
Males, and for oiher purposes," approved the 201I1
day 01 Arm, A. D. 1871, power Is given to the Pres
ident of me United States, when in tils judgment the
public salety shall require It, to suspend the piivii
eges or 1 he writ of habeas corpus In any .state
or part or a State, wnenever combinations and
conspiracies exist iu such State or part or a Statu
lor the purpose 01 depriving any portion or class of
people 01 such State of the rights, privileges, im
munities and protection named in the Constitution
or the United States, and secured by the act of
Congress aforesaid, and wheneversuch combinations
and consDiracies do so oostruct and hinder the exe
cution or the laws or any such State and of the
United States as to deprive the people aforesaid ut
the rights, privileges, Immunities and protection
aloresaid, aud do oppose and obstruct the laws of
the United States and their due execution, and im
pede and obstruct the due course of Justice under
the same; and whenever sucn combinations shall be
organized ami armed, and so numerous and power
ful as to be able by violence either to overthrow or
to set at deliance the constituted authorities of said
State, and 01 the United States within such State,
and whenever, by reason or said causes,
the conviction of such offenders ant! the
preservation of the public peace shall become in
such State or part of a State impracticable and
whereas such unlawful combinations and conspira
cles lor the purposes aforesaid are declared by the
act or Congress aroresald to be rebellion against the
government or the United States; and whereas by
said act of congress it is provided that berore the
President shall suspend the prlvilige, of the writ of
habeas corpus he shall first have made proclama
tion commanding such insurgents to disperse; and
whereas, on the 3d day on tno present month df
November, the iTeslden* of the United States did
issue his proclamation, reciting, among other things,
that such combinations and conspiracies did
exist in the county o( Union, in the State of South
Carolina, and recommending thereby all persons
composing such unlawful combinations and con
spiracies to disperse aud retire peaceably to their
homes within ove days from the oatu thereof, and
to iieliver either to the Marshal of tne United states
for the district of South Carolina, or to any of his
deputies, or to any military officer of the United
Slates within said county, all arms, ammuni
tion, uniforms, disguises and other means and
implements used. Kept, possessed or controlled
by them for carrying out the unlawful purposes for
which the said combinations and conspiracies are
organized and whereas the insurgents engaged In
such unlawful combinations and conspiracies
within the county aforesaid have not dispersed and
retired peaceably to their respective homes, and
have not delivered to the Marshal of the (,'nited
states, or to any of his deputies, or to any mllitarv
officer of the United states within said countv, all
arms, ammunition, uniforms, dUgnlses and other
means and implements used, kept and possessed or
controlled by them for carrying out the unlawful
purposes for which the combinations and con
spiracies are organized, as commanded by said
proclamation, but do still persist In the unlawful
combinations and conspiracies aroresald.
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United states of America, by virtue of the
authority vested in me by the constitution of the
United States and the act of Congress aforesaid, do
hereby declare that, in my Judgment, the public
safety especially requires that tne privileges of
the writ of habeas corpus be suspended, to the end
that such rebellion may be overthrown, and do
Hereby suspend the privilege of the writ or habeas
corpus within the countv or Union, In said state of
South Carolina, in regard to all persons arrested by
the Marshal of the United States tor the said district
of south Carolina, or by any of his deputies, or by
any soldier or cltlaen acting under the orders of
said Marshal, deputy or such military officer witnin
said couuty, charged with any violation of tne act or
congress aforesaid dunug tne continuance or sach
rebellion.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of tne United states to bo
affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this 10th day of
November, In the year of onr Lord 1871, and
or the independence o* tho United States of
Amcrlca the ninety-sixth. U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
CHICAGO GRAIN &EOEIVEB&
Chicago, 111., Nov. 11, 1871.
A meeting or grain reoelvers who have lost grain
burned in cars or elevators prior to Its delivery to
the consignees was held last evening. The chair
man announced that he had called upon the
authorities or the Northwestern and Illinois
Central Railroads, and in answer to his inquiry said
tliey should refuse to pay tor gram In their hands,
since the loss was by the hand or God. The con
signees nold there was no delivery nnul the rrelgat
bilis are received ana paid. A committee was an
potnted to draw up a paper, to be signed by all who
desire to prosecute tne roads. lr. is generally un
derstood tuat toe roads will ?gr?u to a test aase.
tieWs op the past.
NOVKtiRRR 12.
1170 Thloarllle hotniiunled by tne Prnsslam.
1H5 7 commercial panic in England.
1S41I? Austria protected against the alliance of Pnute
aiu ami aoiue of tlie minor German state*.
1948? The constitution ot the reputing of franca
?olenmiy proiuulsran-d in front of the Tuiieriob
NOVIMIIKK IS.
1851? Electric telegraph between France and Enjf.
lart'l commenced.
1430 i.ouik Napoleon sent to tbln country for h is
attempt at Insurrection in Mrusimr?.
lTlt? Hattio or I'renon; the .Scoituh adherents of th?
Pretender surrendered.
Died.
Kelly. At his mother s residence. <W West TwelfUb
street, on Sa'-urrlftv evening. November 11, John,
eldest son of tl iikIi Kellj, deceased, and nephew at
John Kelly. late sherltT, In tne 2 Hi year ot hit* atft%
Due notice of fun rat iu Monday's papers.
[for Other DutU 'ut iff Fifth /Yi(/r.J
Notice to Itrnculntn and llrilrm.
"The melancholy >Ut> are coin*, the saddest of the
?Ings the poet, Bryant. Parties desiring to purcbiM Dr.
Uoureu'i'e
OKI KNTAL CRKAM, OR MAUICAL HP.At'TIMKB,
?hoiil.l wild In their orders fur the umi forthwith, ILJ Im
Doctor will Qui execute nt'iwi wh?a the thermometer Is bo*
low freexlng point, except at tbe rl?k of the purchaser.
Thu preparation has acquired a reputation ib? past tMrtf
J ear. among fashionable ladles. which makes it aought altar
y tlie fair aex coming frmn or going to the mult distant
countries, for It ha* no equal or rival |n lu haautlfylnt
innocent qualities. I.Ike all other of Dr. UOTKAUD'S prwpa
ratiom, thia has attended Us aalr until it liaa become a spe
cialtv by Ita own merlta, and la not tbe crcature or mere ad
vertising notoriety.
Tina invaluable cosmetic la racommeaded from ona cue
turner to another on actual knowledge of Ita Tain* and utility.
Prepared bv Ur. T. KfXl* UOTKAI I). 48 Bond .treat.
New t ort, formerly of Walker atrert, and late of 463 Broad
way. Established Ihlrtv ona year*.
Dr. GOUKA i'l> la alao the Inventor of tba world-ranownad
ITALIAN M ED1CATKD .SOAP, for the cure of aoald heada.
eruptions, aalt rheum and all skin blemishes. l'hla
soap la not to bacon ounded with the ORIENTAL ORKAH.
Thia latter article whltena and softens tbe akin Instantev,
while tba soap acta on tba tegumeiitary tiaauee or hair-like
blood vessels. The celebrated Dr. W ilaon apoke of Ita wo?
deriul healing propertlea in one of bla popular I ret area.
Price Ml centi to be ha I of all druggists, and of Dr. (ioo*
RAID, 4H Bond atreet, New York.
A;? Jlorrim'a Patent
CHAMPION 8AKKS,
i)i Broadway, a trier Murray ?nl
A.? Pluilou's Slew Per In ulna,
??1 LOVE YOU"
and -'WHITE ROSE."
At Homo t ?nit ti.? I>r. R. O. Perry, th*
skilful Dermatologist, can now be consulted at hla New York
oIIIoh for faliing. Ion* and prematurely gray hair, dandruff,
saitrheum, ringworm, scald bend, Irritation or Itching of tba
?rain, or any complaint or dlneane which Induce, aloaaef
the liair. The Doctor curea uanatura Iredneaa of the noaeor
lace, black heads, pimply eruptions, blotched disiltfiiratlona.
moth patches, freckle* au I moles upon tbe face, Call OC
aeud for circular.
A.? It la Not to be Wondered at Thnt Tiler*
1* such a conatnnt rush at ESPKNSCHEID'H Hat Eatabliab
ment. 111 Nassau street, wb< n it it la known that tie la selling
a superior H it in every respect at than can be purchaaed
from Hreadway deaiera for $H or Kapenacbeld manufac
tures his hats fiom the raw material. Thoie, therefore, who
buy of him do not have to pay two prollts, aa they get tbaic
hata from tlrat haudi.
Anaell's Turkish Rntlia, Iiexlngton Areaer,
corner Twenty lifth atreet. (lentlemen, day and nlgMj
ladles, day ?nd evenliif;. Best ahainpooaing, beat venuia
tlon, hluheat temperature, no grutultltia. Advantage, ua
e<iuaileabcre or in Kurope.
A.^tieoree A. Hiiut<>r, '.'.#0 Bowery, Wilt
tell you one bottle of W ATI'S* N KRVO 08 ANTIDOTE cured
him of aevi're Kbeuma'.lsm. Vent It.
A.? If You VTni't nstem Work, Iteat Naa
teriiil, Kn to CD AS. KRaN KS' Hoot and Shoe Store, 61 Hmf
?au itreet. I'.atabllabed 1641.
At Pirininit'a, Furrier, Seta 99) C3erwi??
Mink, .YK to -+iI2 real Mink ts. ^26; children's, $3; Aatn^
khm Sets, ,$i'J; Ernilue aud Alaska Hable equally low. ltf
KultOa street.
Chevnller'n f.ife tor the TInir Reatorea Graf
hair, stops Its falling out, increaaea Ita growth. Reoon*
tnendeo by pbyali iaus.
llrankennuNM or Opium Hnbit t!ored by Dr.
BEERS, 107 Fourth avenue. Call or aend atamp for evldaato*
For Dlnmondis, Wntrhea and Jewelry Oe
to (1KORGE C. ALLEN, 841 Broadway, near Fourtaeatia
atreet.
Olenbain Hotel nnd Restaurant,
lfji Kirth avenue,
between Twenty Hrat and Twenty-second street*.
ALBERT H. cRaNEY, Pronrietor.
nerrlas'a Safes
IjT THE
BURNINO OK CHICAOO.
ONE HUNDREO ANeTeUIHTEEN TK1UMPHB
ur tU"date.
CnioAoo, Oct <1, U7L
Mrsbkh. nrnniNO Co.
Gb?ti.I!.mkn ?In the ever memorable Are of the 8tb ana
9th inat wblob deatroyed soma twenty thousand bulldinga.
Including tbe entlra wholesale imalnaas portion of thia eitara
we bad our valuable books, panera, Ac., enclosed in Herrtng*
Safes, which, owing to Ibe intensity ot the beat and the wailt
of water, lay Imbedded la the rulna for daya before tbew
could be got at, and, notwltbatandlng the unparalleled tri al?
they have proved equal 10 our expectations, preserving owr
property whan everything alae was swept away.
Pmon loan runes and Trust Barings Ban kfl
Illinois Central Ital.road Co., freight department (8*at**?>
W. M. Lalrabee, Treasurer Chicago and Alton E B. Co. (M
*?a*' njortitburg, C. B. and Q. BR. Co.
C M Adams. 5 Tlckel *fU-' Cbl0?, Bu*' Md <,a,*0T
L Fowler, Asst. Superintendent Great Western DespktM
T. W- Hamtnlll, Asat Cashier U. 8. Depoeltorr.
M K. Kulcy, Corporation CounMl.
B. P. Mason, Msyor of city.
H 8. Kexford, County Treasurer.
B. W. <fa?in. St. Msrr's church.
T 1>. (i'ltrira, Superintendent OHM Of Cil??'y
A 11. Hurler, t>l!lce of Lincoln Park Commissioner*
r.' j. Taylor, HupL Western Dept. Continental la*. Ofc
Northwestern Manufacturing Co.
Prear Stone Mamilarturlng Co.
I'nlon Akron Cement Co.
P. E. Spooner, Agent Union Lima W>
Clough Stone Co.
Day, Allan A Co.
Tsi.pan, McKlllop A Co. (3 tares).
Weage, Klrtland k Ordway.
John V. Farwell k Co.
Ainiour, Dole k Co.
Flnld, Benedict k Co.
Uealfc Mllllgan.
Dogsett, Basselt k Hill*.
huntoi k Co.
Van Sobaack, Sterenaon k iUM>
Pace k Sprague.
Hale, Ayer k Co.
Ingram, Corbln k May.
J. W. Hutler k Cc.
Bradnei, Smith k Co.
Oould, Brlggs A Co.
Gallup k Peabody 1 safes).
W O. Swell A Co.
Olles, Brother k Co. <2 saf*?V
B. F. Norrls k Co. (8 nkfes).
A. 1). Van Colt A Co.
Warner A Pell*.
Tenney, McClellan k Tenner.
Gage Brothers k Co.
Gilbert k Bret a.
Brinkworth k Leopold.
A. M. Wrlsbt A Co.
Uaiklns. Martin A WfcMlxr.
Ceides A Held, agent* for Q*fc
Boynton, Foster A Co.
Smith Brothers A Co.
Alien A Mackey (8 safes J.
Storey A King.
H. A A. Keep.
A. J. Beuberger k Co.
Gale A Blockl.
Carter, Becker A Dale.
W. M. Hoyt A Son.
Si rose s. Kirk k Co.
yer A Payne.
Soper, HralneM A Co.
T. B. Webber A Co.
Lnotnls A Follet.
Lester, Heron, Smith A O*
D. Herfnrth A Gnth.
Holland, Frear A Wlleo?,
A. B. Neely k Co.
Singer A Taleott.
ghendrew A Dean.
W. M. Hoyt k Co.
E. P. Pulalfer k Co.
Tay or A Tbntna*.
P. Wood A Co.
tas i&szsio*
A. D. Kopeell, for
Becker A KopaelL
Foreman Brothers.
Thomas A Lasear.
Far well A1^
B?uss A Barnua.
W. L. ??fnu"
k, a. Wlllard.
H. H. Busted.
George Armour.
William Wheeler.
Martin Andrews.
John B. Case.
j c. Mitchell.
li. P. Wright.
a. F. Dickinson.
George W. Hanoi*.
Lewis Faeseler.
O. HeekwHh.
WlUlam B. Page.
George B. KloWk
Peter P. Mijrt.
David Fleming.
Hemry Maliather.
John Pr?*er.
Adam Frederick.
John Mater.
W. II. Beld.
George F. Foster.
Charles O. French.
James Stmeon.
R. O. MeCarty.
Charles Clearer.
B. B. Appleby.
Reersl da Boudoir, Fsadre d* Clesfan*.
The most delightful article for the complesUMkH
Pot sale at Mme. D OVAL'S reception rooms, Ml BreM
The Beat Atwertsieil of Mdsrs Frsw?k
Pssse-Psrtouts, Chromoe, Ac., al L. DUBEBBKT**, IS Ml
U Amity street.
The Wilaen Shuttle *ewia? MaehJite? Tfc?
tetlaad cbeap?5?l Arw cits* mAcbitiM liftiM JtfM
from e ttf psyrnents. SsiAeroam7Ji mfWWWf
Udofphe Wolfe'* Celebrated HuhHdMBM
SCHBAPPS.-The Immense Dopslerliy o/tke
nowne.1 AROMATIC SCHKIUAM SCHNAPPS. of Ulnleke
Wolfe, Hew fork, has reeultod in frequent attempt* *1
at counterfeiting br persons who wish to Bnd MM
for an inferior ariiole. This wonderful diuretic has Seam
pronounced by thousands of the leading physicians la B*
country as the purest me<llolnal restorative offered fer sale.
Put up lu quart a*U pint bolUM aud for ?al? OX dritaaMB
NiVMBIi