olgar d and we known as an honest politician;
No. 61s pter aud holds the Reopies confidenee; No.
7s a olerk in the Appraiser's Office; No. was a soldier
jn the Urniom Army darine the war, received seven
wounds, and stavd< high; No. 10, a carventer, is vouched
ee
rou good antuortts No. 11 ia a builder, and a leading
Re publican ip the Ward; No, lz, a shoe mannfacturel.
stands weil: Now 13, 4 pavsician, is wn old Rep! lican
and we'l enof: No 141s known as the Vather of
Repablicarizn™ m the Ward: No. 17 isn Navy Yard en
YC, NU is Fare of as cerolid tt No. in as dea tedly
hh No, 170s a canter in the Nay v-Yard, and
gad Be trusted; No 20.0 0m wchinist, is well thonght of;
No. 91s nol wx Well Kiown as silk of tue others, but 18
to be depend ong Na, 22 sone of the oldest Repub
Lcans 1b the Ward, and is a well kuown and trusted wan.
d
THE UNION LEAGUP cLUR ON THE RIA
CAMP ALGN.

BP o
At the monthly mecting of tae LHIOH 1400 S00
Mab, held ast evening (Oct 19, the following preamble
and resolutions, prosonted by Mr. Sinclair Tousey, Were
unaldiuot-iy au pred:
Wherap:, Wor on td of an elect on ne pesalts wheel ore of
20 Fe taputtan to tue pe pie of our date 2:0 of the United States;
La
Whsrens, The cord dates nhoeed in mom pawen for hizh AMace hr the
Pemoeral: Conve (ul TF 1. held 2t Roc ester were thus placed by
wen cant Me ot thm f pablic plaid more Tammany He 1. and
Whereas joc plaice of Kai pom ations, at 8 tune when the
Joe ond is el el at de rode i the chiefs of thet corr
mab tats, Aon ps the momibeos As to.z'v unfis 1p: places of puble
wosl, a!
Whereas The canliiates ni ed in momination for the game olices hy
the Hapublican Confeni B 70 tlh Daid ai Nirecuse, are fwd of ca
pecs, free fo Te oy with corrupt officiis a d “russ” of pubiie
plunderers {ereome. beat
trgobed, G1 {non Leagne Clad heartily indorses he PAmina
tions made al Nrracute arid ple iges sani TOMINAtIIDN 18 Moat cantial
sUDTOTE, RL a PEN Ta BIRR Od ihe ate, jegatiiess of
paris to aid in their election to the end that ons nubhe alinirs may Fo
wii del, gor We Ga due TE 0s Collie d to Le. CAT

Hrsotred. That tie Necre a7 he nara 424 to furnish co of
aby Wp TUE CO A TS Bu Luin Ciel pitas opies of the fore
a
mr prD COUNSELS IIS OWN,
(1) "1E
DE M( ATI Ril U
T! iE MOC] TI PLICAN
MEETING
NED
GUNEDAL COMMITTEE
The Denoeratic Republican General Commit
tee met ai Toman 12.ill, lost evening, and appomted
2
ps and places tor holding cuventions to noni
the un
pate ean waits To Le supported hy Tananauy Hall at
the coming or wot Wlltam ML Tweed presided, and ou
{aking the «aut spoke as foll owe:
athe of di:plagsing my Nevahliean friends, Y
wilt say tat 1 contiientiv heleve that the iu moeritie
IR J 1 TT) x
Sate (Mar urd pi. veiled. The cordially
w th which the Rocliester nowminctions have heen re
ceived throne 17 fle Nate 18 qu assurance that victory
will perch poo the toners of en so mguly esteemed
and extolied. Tae evince from ull parts of the State
suOWe Lo! v tua’ the state ticket will be elected, hut
¢at the anil wernt of the tote will be, during
the Dest TW years, us it Las been (he last two
in the hands of the DD moeracv, who lave
i ined the @znty and Yonar of tho
ably 1 is
fae. bat lool om ah s urvo Ying pi US as wed
ss ppon «TT 1 the miter yoo aust be well
wreanized and pre pared to meee? tie enemy, and show hy
2) si Lh le WT 14 that the State Licaret
Dur pr ese Fis taal we TH
abould io croote and the entire State Government
apould retusa in Democratic hands, To do this requires
that evel peisot We ean reach shonld be shown the
pecessity of comine forth on the day of election ard
eastigg 1s bacoi. By the new Registry law those
ues foroe of cirenmistances in consequence of busi
pess ena ire, stelliess, or ol hor ¢ause, are not able
goredt- To dhe Frolov precoding the ciection will be
enttt, 1° PER I ton Cav, on shoring fat trey
wer rer Sd Leu gh uMntore8eeh circumslaneces from
Baviid Lor Rus FeZiswered, I irast, tnereiore,
ghatevery  1Cmler of the Comuiittee and every
member of the Dewocraic pei will see that no
al loses Lis Voie beeguse, turoagh neglect or frown suy
I< t W that New
other Cutie, bio tulle to register know at New.
York City polis, 1u proportion fo its population, a much
r vole than any otier city in the UmoL.
fact has teen 80 oiten made apparent
hat thors is Do necd of onlenux futo the
getalls ut 11s time. Tt beliooves us to sea that every
gan entitled to vote is brought forward on the day of
ection, and Uowed the priviiese of casting his bha.iot.
Daly those entitled to voie, stonld voile; bu all who
3 H
are, Rhona ootoise Taal pe vilege. Tue majorities ior
lich Nev Yor City is fans, can be pot only mein
iy but increased. Sone geuticmen who have here
10D Hele Ve th te feel that bey cannot do =o at the
present tino. bat 1 have no doadbt that betore election
Gay they Wii see the error of their wats aud come back
to Wie f01G, where they will be rece od with welcome.






JUDGE PIERR EPONT ASKING FOR MURPHY:
FMA AL
Spm! Was'imgton Ina’ how The Boston Journal.
Jude Vierrepont of New-Yor'wis here, and
Pad an interview with the President to-day. His busi
gees, It is snd, ds for the porpose of representing the
wt Necessity for the removal of Collector Murphy.
7h Pre=1 ent, it 14 said, bow listens sore favorably w
fhpese: stir oes ol that Le has herotafore done,
et
STAM NOMINATIONS.
The Anti-Dram-Shop party 7 is determined
We neminate geparate counts tucket in Albany.
Peter ¥yckoft of the XXVth Senate Dis
tet haw heen pemninatel by the Democrats against the
For. Willa B. Woodin,
The *nta- Tammany Garmans of the XVth As
semh's Do ¢f have numew Frederick Killan as thelr
candidat. for Assemblyman.
Thq INXth District Senatorial Democratic
Sota at Tarrytown, yesterday, nominated the
ot. Wiiloan Cant twell tor Senator,
The Dewocratic Senatorial Convention for
toe XIt% Iooriet (Conutics of Columbia and Dutchess),
sterday, nominated the Hon Homer A. Nelson of
ew fur Scuator,
psie
The Iemocratic Senatorial Convention of the
2XVINtL D.ottot (Chemung. Schuyler, and Steuben
Conntie<) noe 10 Cormng Tuo-4 ov, and placed in noms
Mallon eorge Lo. Lradiey of Corung.
At tie Ist District Dopublican Senatorial
Convention. ut Jamaica, on Tuesday, Gilbert C, Deane
Rieti County was iotnitated for Senator. Towues
peed (ook of North Hempstead is the Democratic cap:
liste

The 1b moerats of the Oneida District have
fepominate Mr. sanford, the present incumbent, for the
Sepate. [1c had two years ago but 26 majority, and
Sagi Low casily tw be defeuted. He was very reluctant
run.
The Democratic Convention held in Kings
®o, yesterday, nominated for County Judge the Hon.
A Schooler, ir. the present incumbent; for Surro
foe. Charies G. Couper, and for District Attoruey,
vid M Dewitt.
The hard-fought comtest for the Republican
guminition for Sonator from the XXIVth District
nig Tiown, and Tompking Counties) has ended in
Qo Lon oi Mr. Tuomas J. Chatticld of Tioga,
Toga (univ had not had the nomination for several
Serins, a1 Lis cireutustance probably decided the battle
a ner favo
Mr. J.mes M. Boyd, who has been nomi
ated Metaber of Assembly in the XXIst District in
fs clry Le the Peogular Republican Assewnbly Conven
WoL, Was a ions bier of Assetnbly 11833. Since that tune
Be bas repeatod v declined nowinations for the Scuate
Bhd Cougress. Ile is a citizen of wealth, and has the
Peputat su of Lenz entirely honest. His votes inthe
Awe 1s or needed any explanations or excuses, He
Je of the kond ol mon who should be sent to the Leoisla
ture, and be i001 4 receive the fndorsement of the Tax
Payera' Association in that Disarict, of which he isa
15 HU nt oLember aud of all other orzauizations which
Feil x the interest of good government. Should
yn
Chie De vo take a igh puace Ww tie Assen
be did when ne served befurc. ol
The Republicans have made the following
Bominat ons fr Assemblymen in addition to those pre
Youly reported;  (linton—Edmund Kingsland, jr.
land Lr wl C. Squires. Delaware—11d District,
Er Gritty Duteliess—114 District, H. J. Eastman.
v mer —Fivazer Rice. Jettergson—Ist District,
A Woman, Id District, Willan W. Epos. Lie
m= Ar-otvald Kennedy, Oneida- 1st District,
Naa Hungertord, Owtario—Ist District, Ambrose
user. @ucens—11d District, George T. Hewlett,
Sihmond I W., Judd. Aaratoga —11d District,
Pap M Hoaguton,  Sufolk—dohu F. Marcy.
Nia b 1s Listriot, Lucien T. Yeomans, Westehester—
The Loo b dues W. Husted,
in “oct ts Lave taade the following additional
Wgtivge: Ogirego—11d District, George W. Wood,
Hogasifl Disuniet, Cornwell M. Noon. Saflolk—J.
THE =ANTO DOMINGO RCHEME.
WasHINGTON, Thursday, Oct. 12, 1571.
The revival of tue santo Domir go annexation scheme,
82d the Ciprissed determination of the friends of the
Afministe tou nde of the question to force favorable
Shon during the coming Winter, excite a good deal of
SBment Lire, 10 ix evident that while many Congress
WB Wil Vote fur annexation mer lv because 1t hus been
Made we, Adiiustration measure, there 1s a large ma
ry Li Congress opposed to it, and it is thought the
Hefositian w B get less support thun Neretofore., It is
ton x now, in wellduformed circles, that the new
Marr the annexation of Rfanto Domingo, which will
“ne Hd to Congress early in the session, will call
Mag TT Uiation whatever, but that provision will
oe Bate persons and corporations to pay off
aug: E Sie Republic, which has been rewarded us
LE lo ubout a million and 8 half of dollars.
PATAL ATPRAY AT POCHERTED
EE—
BOCHESTLR, N. Y., Oct. 12.—About 7 o'clock
us evening Paul Hewen and wife went to the saloon of
Mary, Heffuer on Bouth-ave., when the men renewed
0d uarrel, during which Mrs. Hemen struck Heffner
A the Brad with a i rd ruc. Heffner stepped behind
unter and procuring a revolver shot Paul Hemen
Wrong), heart, killing him instantly.
According to a Scotch paper, Mr. Alexander,
Jorg o; the wunor of Airdrie, being soon to marry Miss
WPulierioy, 2 member of an old landed family in Ohio,
We tu uti residents of Airdrie and district have re
Wolved celelrate the event by presenting the laird and
ho With a congratulatory address a1 presentation,
rE
Alexander 1s better Enown to Americans ss th
vat go, Tala: I of Renta, wht one BTRR FREY


hout pon of the Woot, Th 1 Ni
Xabder refeis 0 UVE lu Atlacrcn, Be bas Jiven up
i
dic. but sll Rebalis bis gLceairal colute.
TERRIBLE LOSS OF LIFE—OVER FOUR NUNDRED
LIVES LOST—AS MANY MORE MISSING.
Crmeaco, Oct. 12.—A dispatch has just been
received from Green Bay, Wis, stating that a steamer
pad just arrived bringing a report that 325 bodies were
buried at Pishtego last night, and a8 many more are still
missing. Seventy-five persons were burned to death at
Littie Surgeon Bay, and the suffering througlit the night
i= terrible. With the exception of the destruction of
prope rity. the calamity is almost as appalling as the buro
ing of Chicago.
LATER. —Further accounts of the terrible calamity
Lave been reecived. One hundred and fifty men wer?
burned to death in a large barn in which they had
taken refuge. Hundreds of people were driven by the
flames into the river, where most of them perished.
A ter dispatch from Green Bay says on Sunday njght
a fire broke out in the Belgian settlement of Brussels, in
Door County, Wisconsin, destroying 150 housea—all
the plaice contained, excepting five, Nine persons
sare missing. It is supposed they J¥ rished
in the flames, The inhabitants lost everything, Active
Lacasures for their relief are being taken from Duluth
and other places, but before assistance can reach them
they wust suffer severely.

HALF THE TOWN IN RUINS—TWO HUNDRED
AND SIX BUILDINGS BURNED—LOSS OVER
ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
Cireaco, Oct. 12.—Information has just
been received here that a fire broke out in the town of
Manistee. Mich. at 10 o'clock on Sunday niglt, and
raged unk i! 5 on Monday morning,t destroying 206 build
‘nus, eix large urls, and a vessel lying at the dock.
11.01 of the entire town is burned. The loss is estimated
at $1,000,000.
tl.
FURTHER PAPTICULARS OF THE FOREST
TIRES IN MICHIGAN.
TIRES IN MICIHMGAN.
SEVEKAL TOWNS AND VILLAGES DETROYED—
INCALCULABLE DAMAGE IN THE PINE DIs
TRICTS—GREAT LOSS OF LIFE.
Ditroit, Mich, Oct. 11.=The news from
St. Clair and Huron Counties of thus date is of the most
@.«tr. ssing character. All that portion of the State cast
of ~uzinaw Day and north of a point 40 miles above Port
Iinron Las been completely swept by fire. A number of
persons perished, and it is feared we have not heard tle
worst, The flourishing villages of Forestville, White
Rock, Elm Creek, Sand Beach, and Huron City are en
tirely destroyed. Roek Falls and Port Hepe are par
tialy destroyed. Nothing bas yet becn beard from Port
Austin or Port Crescent, but it is Lardly possibie they es
coped. At all these towns there were large stores,
wany of which were filled with Winter stocks, extonsive
gv -amills, shingle-mwills. and docks covered with lumber,
all of which have been swept away. Its said there is
but one dock left on the shore about Forestville, A
steamer Which deft Yort Huron last night for
the relief of the sufferers returned tls even
ing with about 40 men, wamen, and children,
five of whom are severely burned. The revenue cutter
Fessonden, which started for Port Austria, picked up a
tail-hoat on the lake, containing Isaue Green, principal
owner of Forestville, together with his fandly and cight
eon or twenty others, who had escaped the flames at
Forestville. The telegraph operator at Forestville
escaped throngh the tire back into the country, Ali the
telegraph offices along the shore have been destroyed,
but communication will be restored as soon as the dam
ace done to the lines can be repaired. Five clildren are
known to have perished near Rock Falls. ER. B. Hubbard
at Huron City shot all his fine horses and cattle to pre
vent their perishing by fire. He loses very heavily,
havice had a large store, mills, docks, &c. The
extensive property of Stafford Hayward at
Yort Hope is about the ouly establishment that
escaped. £5,000 were subscribed to-night for
the relief of the sufferers of this State, The light
rain of yesterday secs to have greatly abated the fires
throughout the State, and it is believed the worst is
passed. There is gcarcely a county in the State but what
Las suffered more or less from fire, and the loss Will
gwount to nearly a milion of dollars, Tle Guniage to
the pive land is incalculable.
The town of Bridgeport was gaved from destruction hy
a shower of rain yesterday morning. Charles Clin dler's
barns. on his farm near Lansing, were burned 3 esterday,
toerther with several flue horses.
Tue cutter Fessenden reached Port Huron this moem
ing with 17 refugees from the lake shore, two of whol
are fatally burned. Port Austin escaped the flames.
A Mr. Brady of Detroit, who was in the village of
White Rock, Huron County, where it was burned, says
that, after vainly striving to keep the fire out of the
town, the inhabitants, hastily gathgring the few valua
bles that came nearest to hand, fled to the most open
places, away from the houses, and, driven from these,
rushed into the water itself, and even here were not sufe
from the scorching effects of the heated air without oc
casional plunges beneath the surface or frequent wash
ines in the surf. Mr. Brady was in the water eight hours,
Jy ing part of the time on a log, over which the light surf
dashed. About him were men up to their waist in water,
and holding children in their arms, women but poorly
protected by their clothing from the chill of the water,
which was their only security against the burning heat of
the air. The inhabitants, of course, aved almost nothing.
Not only were their houses, fences, barns and ftocks de
stroved, but their furniture and clothing, and even the
deeds by which they held their lands, and their tnsur
ance papers From their painful position iu the
water they were released by the subsidence of
the fires, dbut there was neither food nor
ghelter within miles, and for many of them naught but
beggary apparently remained when shelter should be
be found. The fire at White Rock occurred Sunday night,
and it was not until Monday afternoon that he sufferers
were 11ken off the shore by tue steamer Iuron, which
100k them on board, and, coming down the shore, re
leased frow similar straits others who had lived in For
estville and Cato, which towns were also
burned Sunday night. The steamer, after taking on
board as many as she could carry, left many for a second
trip. ‘The sufferers were cared for by the citizens of Port
Huron, and the steamer went back for another load. Be
«ide the towns named it is supposed that Center Harbor
and many other smaller villages were destroyed, and it
is teared that the loss of life has been considerable, The
pecuniary loss tat White Rock is more than $200,000; that
at Forestvilie 1s still greater.
A letter from Bagivaw City reports that a large fire
occurred there on the night of the sth inst, which de
stroved the large steam sav-mill, salt-biocks, and a
number of houses adjoining, together with a large quan-
tity of lumber. The Joss will not fall short of $400,000,
At latest reports the woods were allon fire in the vicinity
of Saginaw, and the entire city wasn danger. Business
Lad been suspended, and the entire population were
doing everything in their power to save their property,
Between Raginaw anu Birch Run the loss had been
heavy, many cars had been burned, and trams delayed,
A letter from Port Huron, dated the 10th, says:
Tie tires are still raging on all sides of the city, and a
fierer south wind has heen blowing for three days, Yes
terday afternoon teams were employed Im carrying
water to the south part of the city, where the most dan-
ger was apprehended, aud ate Late hor Jat exevang the
Hawes were very much checked. Between here and
lexington fires ure ruging teartuliy, and many of the
Selogrem poles between this city and that place are de-
stros ed. Asolg the Graud Trunk Ruilroad and the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad large piles of wood
are on fire, aud fences for wiles are consumed. Travel
ing i= very much interfered with, and at sowe places it
is impossible to pass the roads.
Fires were also reported to raging in every dircetion
around Lansing, and, on Sunday, the students of the Ag
ricultural College were called upon to help tight the
flames. They were divided iuto squads, which relieved
each other, and on Mouday night the danger was sup
posed to have past.
Ou Sunday evening, the new town of Grund Junction,
at the tersection of She Kalamazoo and south Haven
Railroad, cud the Chicago and Michigan Lake Shore
Raiiroad, was enurely destroyed, not a vestige rewain
ing, even to a walter tank. AD extensive eating houxe,
had just been completed, but 18 met its fate in the gen
eral conflagration.
A geutleman, writing from Kalamazoo, on Monday,
Bays:
Wo have news that Wayland, Mattewan, Vicksburg
and Holland are burning—the whole country secms to be
in Hames, Around Kalamazoo there are men cugaged in
fighting fires. The air is filled with smoke, and u pertect
Rule as bowing, ‘Tuo leaves lie iu large leaps. The vii
lege authorities have taken all prec: niions it their power
To prevent the onthreak of a conflasrabion here, hive
did ted the Lama wl leave of Vode jadeh jiret
po ro J fuga has Hun sid i ali Fir i it i i
Ihre Unka oi the Michigan Couteal Kailivid aud
A CHAPTER OF FIRES.
THE WISCONSIN FIRES.
CONTLAGRATION IN MANISTEE, MICH.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1871
Yigonir on the Michigan Southern and Take Shore
Railroad.
"A REVENUE CUTTER ORDERED TO SEEK FOR
REFUGEES.
WasmingroN, D.C. Oct. 12. Secretary
Boutwell this moruing received the following telegram
Port HURON, Mich, Oct. 12.=The villages and houses
along the coast trom the foot of Lake Huron around into
sagmaw Bay are exnosed to a dreadful conflagration by
flies in the woods, Hundreds of people have heen hirned
out and are starving. We ask orders for the revenne
sgteawer Fessenden to go along the coast and relieve the
pufferers a8 long as necessary. The Fessenden has been
up and 1s row here. The people in many cases are
driven into the luke to escape burning. Over 300 have
been brought here already, We ure doing all we ean,
and peed the service of this vessel. Answer iumedlaiely.
O. D. Cozxarr, M. CO,
J. H. Baspory, Collector of Customa,
The Secretary, in reply, ordered the commanding
ofticer of the Fessenden to report to Collector sanborn,
in accordance with the request.
LEFCGEERES YROM THE LEURNED DISTRICT AR
RIVING IN CANADA.
Kivecanping, Ont, Oct, 12.—A boat contain
tng two men, a woman and nine children, and the dead
body of a child who had died from exhaustion, arrived
bere yesterday from Sand Beaeh, Mich, having left there
on Monday to escape the fires raging in the neighborhood.
High winds and the dense smoke prevented theirreaching
shore until they made this port, having been without
food the whole time. They arrived drenched and com
pletely exhausted. Clothing has been given them, and
their wants have been attended to,
eg
EXTENSIVE FIRE IN WINDSOR, CANADA.
THE BUSINESS PORTION OF THE TOWN DE
STROYED=—AN INCENDIARY IN CUSTODY.
DeTtrorr, Oct 12.—=This morning an alarm of
fire was given in Windsor, opposite Detroit, Ina few
moments the ames spread inevery direction, consuming
the principal business portion of the town, The Great
Western Railroad Depot was saved through the exertions
of the railread crwpioyes, There was no wind, or proba
bly not a balding would have escaped. A man was
arrested while in the act of firing a building, and was
lodeed In jail.
WiNnsor, Ont. Oct. 12. —A {ire broke out early this
morning in MeGresoss Bank, opposite Hhinn's House,
burping the whole block up to the Western Hotel, eust,
Hinu's House 1: now on fire. The post-ollice, telegraph
office, Great Western Hailroad station, and many other
buildings have been dosiroyed, The Detroit fire eaigines
have arrived, and the flames are now under control.
Tho losses by the tire are estimated at $150,000. The in
surances are heavy, ond in the folowing companies:
Nort: Bratish, Mercaniie, inperial, Royal, Xu, British
American. Western, ard Provincial.
tle
TUCKER HALL BADLY DAMAGED.
Rameau, Oct, 12.—=About 8 o'clock this
morning a tire broke out tn the msurance office of Gen,
floke, in Tucker Hall, ou Tuyetteviile-st., which at tirst
threatoned the entive destroction of the building, The
Vire Depariment sueceedod im subduing the hanes by
the ntwost exertions, Tucker Hall is one of the largest
and mest imposing baildings in the State, the iest floor
of wich is occupied by AL HL Ros Tucker Co, deal
ers in dry-goods. There was $30,000 insurance on the
building and dry-goods in Pesendi’s Agency, other com
pabiek caviving additional amounts oo stock. A portion
of the goods in the building were saved trou damage,
Toronto, Oct. 12.=Disasiious Lres continue
10 Fa ze ii the woods in Western Ontario.
COMPLEXION OF THE NEW GENERAL COUNCILS—
TIAL OF VICTOR PLACE.
Pauis, Thursday, Oct. 12, 1871
A majority of the members cleeted to the
General Councils are supporters of the present Admins.
tration and friendly to the Present. About one nih
of the nwnber returned are Bonapartists,
The case of M. Victor Place, formerly French Conan)
at New-York, charged with fraud in the purchase of arms
during the late war, came up for hearing vesterday. M.
Place denied any participation in the frauds charged,
and stated that he was not personally interested in the
tramsactions out of which they arose, but acted simply
as an agent, und in good faith. Among the witnesses
called on behalf of the Government was M, Leclesne,
formerly President of the Commission of Armunent. His
testimony was averse to the statewent of M. Place, who
was remanded for a further hearing.
Casimir Perer will siceeed the laie M. Lambrecht in
the Ministry ot the luierior,

THE FRANCO-GERMAN NEGOTIATIONS,
THE WITHDRAWAL OF THE GERMAN ARMY SAID
TO HAVE PEEN AGREED ON,
LONDON, Thursday, Vey 12, 18.
The London Eeho prints a report that M.
Pouyer-Quertior j= on his way back to Marseilles, with
the Customs treaty ¢ulr ratified and sizned. It 1s also
reported that the Gorman Government has given ats con
sent to the entire evaenation of French terriiory by the
German troops, On the other hand, a di-pateh from
Berlin fave that M. Pouver-Quertier 18 oflering conces
gions to Germany, in the treaty negotiations, for the pur.
pose of seenring the evacuation of six departments of
France hy Gernialus,
REORGANIZATION OF THE PARTY OF PROGRESS,
MADRID, Thursday, Oct. 13, 1871,
The Progressistas are abont to organize the
party throughont Spain on a more extensive basis, #0 far
as coneort of action and party discipline are concerned,
It is known that Serrano and Sagasta are on the best of
terms. and ready to act in unison. Tt is stated also that
there 15 a pood understanding between Sazaste and Es
"murterou.

A BODY OF FENIANS SAID TO HAVE INVADED
MANITOBA—THLEY ARLE DISPERSED BY UNITED
STATES TROOPS,
OTTAWA, Ont. Oct, 12.—=The following, dated
St. Paul, 7th, has been received by the Government:
Fenians, under the command of Gen. O'Donolue, at
tempted to cross the border line, on the 5th, at George
tow i, and ou Monday morning eapiired the Canadian
Customi-House and the Hudson Bay post at Pornbona.
They were attacked and dispersed by United States
troops, and Gen, O'Neill, who was with the Fentaus, was
taken prisoner. Two handred <tand of arms wore enn.
tured. Tue wain body of the Fenian “Army of Inva
gion” bLit- crossed the border ine near St Joe, Minne
gota, United States troops are pursing them. It is re
ported that all the able-bodied men of Muauitoba are
under arms.
Farther advices have been received at Toronto con
firming the account of the Fenian attack on Pembina,
on the 5th inst. They met with no resistance there, the
place not being garrisoned. It appears that O'Donohue
has been planning an attack on Fort Garry all Summer,
relying upon receiving support from the French half
breeds. The raid was intended to inspire them with con
fidence. fle has been intriguing with workmen on the
line of the Northern Pacitic Railroad, counting on their
help when work on the road stopped. He is said to be
accompanied by O'Neill, and had only about 5 wen
with him at Pembina. ONeill is said to have given him
ct: 1¥ nama
JAVMF< WILSON TO BE HANGED TO-DAY.
Harrop, Conn... Oct. 12.— David heutly
alias dames Wilson will be hanged to-morrow at the
Hurtford County Jul, for the murder of Warden Willard
of the Connecticut State Prison, He will accept no
spiritual advice, except from Mrs Wooding, Chaplain of
the State Prison, and refuses the attendance of any
clergyman on the scaffold, saying that when he is through
with a hali-hour's speech, w hich he purposes to make, he
will pray himself it he 1s moved to do so. He prolesses
to have no dread of death. He made hi= will
to-day. bequeathine his body to the Medical College In
New-Haven, provided the College shall contribute a sul
ficient sum of woney to bring before the Ls gisluture
three bills, the provisions of which are: First: That no
officer 1m the Connecticut State Prison shall he permitted
to strike a convict unless in self<lefense, under a penalty
of four mouths’ imprisonment in jail Second; That
the shower bath, the cat-o'nine-tals,  &c. shill
be abolished, amd  ouly the _ solitary cell
punishment be retained, these cells to have us wood cove
SEINE uh the stone floor, Third: That the Director: of
the Prison shall make stated visits to the prisoners and
see thew separately, without any officer of the Juseon
being present, nes the Directors shall submit the
Geners. Assembly a detailed statement, giving the items
of the Prison accounts. lu case the College shall refuse
to conforin to these provisions, then his body is to be
buried by his executor.
THF STEAMER QUEBEC AGROUND.
MONTREAL, Oct. 12.—=The Montreal St€ATHET
Quebec grounded to-night fu the mouth of the River Bt.
Charles. The passengers were all saved.
The twa hove kibed on the raiiross ot Q
Se
The two boys killed on the railroad at WEEE
Mois on Wednesday tight, have been recognized AS belonging to the
factory school at Fall River. They ran away und went to Boston on the
cars ut Wednesday sud were walking Lack oi tue track when killed
Phe express train on the Pan-Haudle Railroad,
vw! Yerr Coneinhati, on W edoestay ran into the rear of 10 «ht iraln
TER Pa track. st Un oon backing o wary
Comat, Jal 0 bb Willis of fle paasciger Linn wae killed. No ue
bh
A

YIRE IN RALEIGH. N.
FOPFEST FIRE=s IN CANADA.
FOREIGN NEWS,
tl
FRANCE.
SPAIN.
TIE NT'W DOMINION.
TIE CHICAGO CALAMITY
Continued from First Pass.
TTI ey A amr ire
RELIEF FOR THE SUFFERERS.
FROCLAMA TIUR OF 1HE GOVERNOR OF I0WA.
Ie h)
Des Moines, Oct. 11.—Gov. Morrill this morn
ing issued the following appeal the peopie of Iowa,
who are responding nobly
to
An apalling ealamity has befallen our sistor State Hep
metropolis, the great city of Chicago, is in ruins. Over
100,000 people are without shelter and food, except as
supplied by others, Let us now promptiy give a a a
hand. I would urge the appointment at ones of relief
committees in every etty, town, and township, and I re
apectfully ask the local authorities to op meetings of the
citizens 10 devise ways and means to render efliciont aid,
1 would also ask the pastors of the various churches
throughout the State to take up eollections on Sunday
morning next, oF at such other times as hey may deem
proper, tor the suffarers, Let ng not satisfled with any
spasmodic effort. There will be necd®f relict of substan
1 ehareter to aid the mony thoosands to prepare for
the rigors of the coming Winter, The magniticent publio
charides of thot great city, now paralyzed, can do little
to ths end. These who hive in homes of comfort and
plenty must furnish this help, or misory and anffering
will be the fale of wany thousands of our neizhoors,
SAMUEL MoRgiLe, Governor,
The Miyor of this eity has ten lerad entertainment
for 1,000 of the Chicpgo sufferers, and the City Council
will order the payment ot §160,00) to the relief fun from
wll paris of the state, Train loads of coutrinitivis are
beinz sent forward,
Bemaeront, Conn, Oct, 12,—At a meeting
of citizens last evening, at the call of the Mayor, over
$0,000 Was subserioed tor Calcago, und uo Couutive ap
pointed to circulate subseription papers,
A PROPOSED ILLINOIS STATE LOAN.
The following was sent to Chicago at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon:
NEW-YORK, Oct. 12, 187L
Jno. V. FARWELL, Chicago,
Have the Legislature convened immediately, Have
Chem amtiorize the faene of 320,000,000 twenty year honds
to be loaned by a conrnizsioa on behaif of the Staie to
sich partics as desire to erect first-clads business biocks
in Chicago. 1 ean pasce $10,000,080) ol the houds ut par
lwmediately. J. Q. Hoy,
Vice-President, N.Y. and Boston Railroads
WESTERN RAILROAD TRAVEL.
The business of the Chicago, Burlington
and Quney Baiiroad Company, which was sub. anti lly
stopped on that road on the 9th, was restmed on the (00h
There will be no delay bereatter in forwarding freight or
passengers,
T. Blackstone, President of the Chicago and Alton
LLalroad, tele grapued yesterday to M. K, Jesup Co. 48
follows:
Have lost Genezal Office, freight depot. and ahont 100 froieti eare;
damage atont S120000 prinegad satchonscs on our Joe uot burned.
AN APPEAL FROM BISHOP FOLLY,
Darrivorr, Oct, 12.—The following dispatch
was received, to-day, by Archbishop Spalding:
“CHICAGO, Oot, 12, 1871.
“ArbhLishop SraLpixa, Deltimore:
“The Cathedral, six ehnrehes, orphan as: lnma hospitals,
House of the Good Shepherd, seaools, charitable institu
tions, and the LSishop’s house are in flames, Over 100.000
peopie are bumeiess, 1 bee yon for a general collection
in all your ehurchies next Sunday. The superintend: ut
of the Telegraph Company asks voli to repeat tails
CInessage to the prelates of the conntry, as our wires are
too crowded aud tow, Request all remittances wo be tiado
to yourself, TilovAs Foley, Bishop of Chicago.”
ACTION OF THE PUILADULPHIA COUNCIL,
Pimeavruein, Oct. 12.—One branch of the
City Council to<l1y passed a resolution appropriating
£100,000 in aid of the Chicago sufferers, but in the other
brane the resolution was laid over oa the third reading
by a tie vote,
CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY TFLEGRAPIL,
The following contributions for the relic f of
the sufferers by the Chicago fire were reported by tele
graph yesterday from the places named
JaMrsTowy, N.Y. Private subscriptions, $1,000,
WILLIAMSTOWN, Ma-s.—Williams College, $250,
ALEANY.—E. J. Larabea Co, 2,600 loaves of bread.
General fund now reaches $00,000,
Conoks, N. Y.=Private subscriptions, 27,000.
MIDDLETOWN, N.Y. Private subseriptions, $2,500
SOHEMATADY. Citizens’ meciing, $2,000; propiaetors
and employes of Locomotive Works, £1,000.
KRINDERHOORK, N.Y. =z us’ masting, $590.
Now rort, Ko L="ity Council appropriation, $2,000,
ORANGE, No J.C hzens’ meeting, $2,500,
Wain ros Drivate contribntions, tans far, £35,000,
Lesisiature met and passed to its first reading a bill ap
propriaung $100,000,
Oswigo.—C zo us' meeting decided to raise $10,000;
Irwin Gloon, $1,000.
=AN Frais o.— Private subscriptions, over $100,000,
A carload of clothing was shipped East.
Royboi 1—¢itizens’ woeting, $2,000; the Hon. Thomas
Cornell, $1,000,
NEWAKRK-Subseriptions now amount to $12,000.
TEES TON—C asked bouds and subscriptions amount to
20,000,
PATERSON —Subscriptions thus far, $14,000.
BosTON ~The subscriptions now amount 1o $250,000.
HARTFORD. —Frecmasons, 1§1,200; Miss Kellogg's con
cert, 8310; Cinhizens meeting, $21,243 95.
RORANTON, Penn, Private subscriptions, $10,000.
NOW cin, Conn, —C1azo us meeting, $10,000,
Most nal zens’ Committee, $20,000.
Qui nto. =Mro dames Ross, £500.
barook, Me.—~1'rivate subseriptions, $4,000,
cli

The intense interest manifested by poliey
holders in the various insurance companies which have
suffered most severely was scarcely leas marked yester
day than the day previous, The officials of the various
companies which have not already stopped are more
confident than ever of their ability to meet all losses,
The directors of many of the companies met yesterday
afternoon, and the tinancial conditions of all were in
vestigated.
TABLY, OF LOSSES AND ASSETS.
The following revised and enlarged table,
furnished by J. H, C. M. Goodsell, pubhsiuers of The
Spectator, Now, 136 and 153 Broadway, shows the assets
and losses of vartous insurance companies, as far as as
certiined vesterday

Company Losses
Andes, Cincinnati... cevniniiiiae 250,000
Al ps, brie. PAA Ee Sar RE Ap 12,000
American, Philade] PHB. erererses Notving
Adriatic, NeW-YOIrK.......cvonveeee 5.000
Arctic, NoW-YOrK..........oovresens Nothing
American Exchange, New-York. 15.000
tnt, BUIIOM. covecrencessrvsenes 2,000,000
Ata, New-Y RE tassretssnevarires 200,000
Ataerican, Nev Jer ave 10,000
American, Ne pw-York...... .e 25.000
Amitcrican Central, St, Louis 360,000
Anchor Bt. IOUS ...ccovserrerrrssees 27,000
Atlantic, Brook!¥n.......ceceaeess 250,000
Allemannia, Cleveland. oven vanes 25,000
Bo-tou, Lost. Mlucesssesscssesusnnss Nothing
Brewers and Maltsters’, N. Y..... Nothing
Brooklyn, Brookiyh. .....coevnnnnss Nothing
Broadway, N. Y.icceeeearisrrerneas Nothing
Bowery, N.Y... cetsssrreiiruvase .e Nothing
ive
sens
‘ive
ny
ony
Joatman’s, 8. LOS. cv scenrsnser 20,000
Comuere wl, Be Xeseerions ssensanee 6,00
CHT. Ne Ye oorraesess tieerensnsereen Nothiug
Clinton, N. Y...... assist Tea. Nothing
Commerce, N. Y.ooeeseeeessssssns 80,000
Citizens’, N. Y..ocirversanvssreecss 25.000
Citizens*, 8t, Louis. 25.000
Coiutubig ol N. 3 ce uuaseTEes 3,0
Commeree, Al ny. ot
Cowmerciil U plod, Engl eo Ia 65.000
Eastern, Bullor. .ceeisesccessss «es Nothing
Eliot, Boston. ......ccecaeesnss cesve 1HO00
vers
eee
672,212
Notuing
JE
Empire City N. Y.icceeoaaas
Nothing
ret
Exchange, N. ¥..ceeeeennsers
Equitable, Providence... Nothing
Luterprise, Philadelphia... aeease 125,000
Firemen's, New-York. 15,000
Firemen's Trust, Brooklyn... Bo 5,000
Froaukiin, Pmladeipina, o.oo .oaen «500,000
eeess Grex
500,156
850,961
226,269
Fuartield County, Norwalk, Cte... 38,000
Girard, Piuladelphis. oo. .cvzeeeaee NOthing
Greeuwict, New-York. oeees..eees Nothing
ores
tone
Guardiin, New-York. cocceeeescoas 40,000
Globe, New-York. ....coeiveenees Nothing
Gebhard, NeW-YOTK. avnveanrrsreses Nothing
Germania, New-York 225,000
Glens Fails, New- York. 10,000
German, Buffalo. 5.000
Hhumboidt, New York.. car 10,000
Harttord, Hartford. ..ee..eeeeees 250,000
Hamilton, New-York. ooeeeeeaeees Nothing
Howard, NeW-YOIK.ceseseesssenass _ 275,000
Hope, New-YOrK......cccnvezeseens Nothing

ceva
vee

ieieiaieee
he

Home, New York, Co. admis... 200,000
Hone, COlIMDUS, «rveansecersronane JH
Hanover, NeW-YOrK......ceeaeessea 2h ia0)
Hide aud Leather, Bostol. ea... 00,000
Holman, New-York. reseean 10,000
Iuternntiona), New-York... 450,000
Tuiporters’ Traders’, New- York. 22,500
Independe ut, Boston. coo nee vee cet
Ins Co. of N. Amer, Priade/phin 800,000
Mnpevial, Engl. ceerecensseeee 2000000
Jotterson, New-York... ae 47,000
KiLgs Cotbty, New-York ..oeee- 30,000
Kuicke rho ker, New-York. Nothing.
cone
Lancaster, Iunsyivalis.. .....-.Nothing,
lenox, New 00 AY 30,000
Lamar, New-Yark...........- cranes O00
Latavette, New-York. 7,600
Liverpool London ‘Globe E ue 2,000,000
iran
Lorillard, New-York BU, 00
Lawrence, Boson. ...........oconee 14000
Moutuuhk, New-York ...Nothing,
Manufacturers’, BostoD....ceeeeses $50,000
MeTchuuts’, BOSIOL. .ommasesssseeess 10,000
Merchants’, N.Y... ..coceasnannnes we 15,000
Merchants’. Providence. .......--.e 13,000
Mercantile, N. W..veouonenenee ce 100,000
Manhattan, N. ER aesesnwuetes S00, 000
Metropolitan, N.Y... easeees.NOLhIng,
Mechunies', Brooklyu. i ecegsverese rr S500
N Y, Equitable, N. Yeeuors Nothing,
....cecceeeeeee
ron
.Y. Bowery, N.Y...... ...Nothing.
Nord Ame can, Boston... 10,000
North American, No Yi..oeeeoeooo 250,000
Narragansett, “Providence........ w 38,000
National, N. Y..eeescasensereees wees 15,000
National, Boston. veesesees 500,000
Re w-England Mut. Marioe, Boston 0/0
11,840
1,080,973
437,038
ew-Awsterdam, N. Y.......
North British Mcreaatile, Eng'd. 1,000,000
National, Bangor. tare eeess 17,500
New-York Fire, N. Yoiooormmmmee: 15.000
Queen, England ....ceeeeee- Nothing,
Yaupies, KN, ¥iceesss cerns eaneierS Nothing.
Pacitle, NY. acer ven, 1270
Petey val a, 1 ide splita Nothing
Yaciie, dal Franoiso. ooo oo (AX), 1%)
10,000,000
cere
L
40.0010
dark, Now- XU annnas JP [7117 TTTY" 3
or sone
$1,201,126
260,024
246,120
277,350
6,752,655
442.709
200,000
741,405
Buspen led
121,974
bin, 194
280,250
ons
306,000
249,73
Ubi,072
451,513
Kisp'd
4,000,000
3,087 2
240,000
270,048
1,077,549
571,128
270,081
251,146
2,737,619
753,451
4,574.8
609,447
T0035
423,211
235.242
1,319,151
302,549
Buspended,
3,050,536
b, a0), (80)
44,155
262,573
240,401
[20 WHI)
24.50
15,000,000
1,712,909
262,502
1,450, 164
954.559
442,600
119
215,999
1,407,708
218,047
001,747
770,308
1,304 567
90,798
W178
1,777.267
INSTT PANC'E 1.OSKES
AHL URE BHR Ranee Company 4 HAC
Friphs to ita nrenta in this i ALB ahi gg
IRD" dud dees Vem Lo Cotuiuue w 1 eeiy risks.
TON
CONDITION OF THE HARTFORD INSURANCE COM
PANILS,
RARTORD, Oct. 12.—The Merchants’ 1nsur
o ompany of ths Giy sctib oud a circular to agents
today nstrieting them to sane no meea policios, 118
understood that the Company loses $550,000 about £200,000
more than its entire assets, [has been one of the best
conuneied cowpanies in Hartford, Posainly some ar
rangement will bo nade to meed all the habilities,  Atall
eves, the Coupany will be reor anized with a new
capital, and go ou,
The Oharter Ok Company {8 aipnosed to he eomplotely
exhausted, Toe Patnsn is in doubt, The North Amoer
ican Is supposed to be entirely under, The City Fire will
go on, and the Councchicut undoubtedly will. The Fitna,
Hariford, an‘! Phenix are sailing with 1y.mg colors,
The following cirenlar Las been issucd (row the office
of the Hartford Fire Insurance Company to-day:
OFFICE OF THE HApTFPORY Pree iNsrpav. 2 Co, 0 7
HARTFORD, oni, tcl, 12, 187),
To the Agents or tho piavtood Jarre dn itr ace Company;
The arses of the Maittord Free Insturanee Company, OL
1, were 82795047, From trustworthy actuation from
one General Agent of Chicago, afier an esamn ition of
his books, We exiinaie thal our a0eses Will not exceed
$1,005,000, which vill lease us wich eopiial nuimpar d,
aid sears amounting to over $1,000,000 That we stall
meet alone poesia dd! Dati eT lsilions and connie
busines sucessfully is evened anes
GEOLGE La Cllasi, President.
LOSSES OF PROVIDENCE INSURANCE COMPANIES,
Boston, Mass, Ot, 12.=A special dispateh
to Tie Journal 5.ys:
Tho instance «ompaniss of Providenes affected by the
OV ie wry tre ce op Wasionotofy, Hoser Waites, (Jone,
Atlante, ann Amn room, Poeir condition this afternoon
Wan as auiiowes Taew Astle ZU bes ludura ees there lor
£675,000, and prscts of $70.00, The Directors adit that
tuey are ruined. Toe American, calling ther asurance
There a fui] iss, will tise wy their capital and sinplus
bere. The Lope, on the satue basis, can pay cents on
the Gohan, ibe Abanie are noi so vopeful, ‘The Atlan
tic and Washington are canceling poacies, The oeer
Willis buve just held a Directors’ needing, and, cahiog
their Chicago dusdroeure a total logs, tes couldeni of
paving iu talib and Layne a siipitts, Wich the! propose
to tmeiease by addtional cab tal and couitnie buslucss,
Tae Wastin von will scaicely reorganio. Gi obo T
promineft menrasee conpagied hers fe Nariacanaett
Badd Lat 2800, ald tie Mercuar ta’ oui $15,000 Tie Eoo
pomicad Michal Lite had nol a dobar tuvested ta laort
wage th Clucago, and loses nothin.
Compmntrr, Losses
pon
Plwurx, lirookvn............. ceens  D5D,000
Rutzors, New-York.........o.u.... Notlung
Rotief, Now-York........... PRPEE 10,000
Resolute, New-York..... rs esvsnns 75,000
Bopubtie, NoW-YorK......eone.aees 225,000
ROY, RApiand......coccvecssesres 9K. 000
Bt. Nicholas, New-York.......... Nothing
Sinvvesant, New-York Nolbhing
ares
Btar, New- York. vases snseene Noting
Staudard, New-York. resenees NORLINE
Btorling, New-York. ces To
Tradeamen’s, New-York. 25000
United Rtates, New-York... oo... Nothing
Yin, Bangor Brisas yrossarrviisy £000
Warkington, Boston. 2000
Wesichester County, New. Y ork. Noth ne
Washington, New. York. een ssnises:-2 SONNY
Wil tate barghn CC. New-York... S000
Yonkers aud Now Nth New-York  s00.000
Asents
1,990,010
310,908
52,452
GAIL 4TR
9,000,000
247.027
424,151
21,206
M5070
TTA
Ra
08.003
The Diractors of the Lorillard Fire Insncanee Company
pA Mevday directed their ctices wo struct tupir agent ab
ICBZ0 (0 pay nll 1osses is fant fe acusicd, atid resuived
to coutinne thelr business as usu,
The Union Insurance ompany of San Francizco tele
FTaphs to ita nent in this city that the =U ions all
DIOL" aud dicects Wem to conuuue w Froceiye risks.
PINCLAMATION BY THE PRESIDENT.
i
THE SOUTH CAROLINA KO-KLUX ORDERED TO
DISPERSE, AND SURRENDER THEIR ARMS.
WASHINGTON, Oct, 12.=The President bas just
Vy ASHINGTON, Dey, ie.—1 ne presiaent das Just
waded Lhe fonowing:
Liy tae Presiden of the Uniied Sales of America:
A PROCLAMATION,
Whereas, Unlawiu ¢otabil adionis wid conspiracies have
one Risto ied Qo adil) exist in Che state of South Caro
linia tor the purpose of depriving certian portions aud
Chiosts Ul the people of tual State of the tights, privi
feces, tnmunities, and protection, named in the Consti
tution of the United States, and seciared by the Act of
Congress approved April 20, x71 entitied Pau Act toen
force the provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment of
the Constitucion of tae United States)” and

Whereas, Dncortain parts of sad Soate, to wit, inthe
Conuiics of Spartapsvurg, York, Marion, Chester, Laue
rens, New berry, Pairhicld, Lancaster, aud Cuestertield,
sil conbinations and conspiracins do so obstruct and
hinder the execution of tae laws of said state of the
United States as to deprive the p ople aforesaid of the
rights, privileges, immunities, aut protection aforesaid,
and do oppose and obstruct the laws of the United States
and their sue execuilon, and impede and obstruct the
due course of justice under the same: and
Whereas, The constituted nucnorities of said State are
unable to protect tive people aforesaid wn such rights
within the sai eointios, ote,
I, Ulysses 8, Gran, President of the United States of
Atueriea, do hereby command all persons composing the
unlawiul combinations and conspiracies aforesaid to dis
porse, and to retire peaceal’y to ther homes within tive
dava after the dote hereof, and to deliver either to the
sacha of the Umiied ies tor the District of south
Caroling, or to any of his deputies, or to any military
othieer or the Unated Statos with sand counties, all arms,
srucntniton, unifories, distin, and other Jneans and
imnlements used, Kept, possessed, or controlied by them
fol CAlTYINg out the uniawtul purposes for which the
combinations nd cons ploacies are engaged.
In witness whereof 1'have hereunto set inv hand and
canned the seal of the United States to be athxed.
Done at the City of Washington the 12th day of Octo
ber, in the vear of our Lord one thousand «ight hundred
and seventy one, and ol the mep udence of the United
Stites of America the ninetvesinh, U. GLANT,
Ly the President: HAMILTON Fist, Secretary of state.
Tuis proclamation is the result of a course some time
since agreed one The Goverment has acted just
as soon as it was rewly to enforce its policy, and
the Rebel a-=assins of Western South Caroling will
find that martial law, which is eure to foliow their failure
to obey the present order, wiil be rigidly enforced. The
oflicers of the law are in possession of the fullest infor
“wation, and the Departweut of Justice, supported by the
army, as (twill be, is prepared to stoke effectively at the
South Carolina leaders of the “Invisible Empire.”
LALILEST SHIP NEWS
For other Ship News see Second Page.)
(For other Ship News see Second Page.
ARRIVED.
Steamship Cuba (Br), Moodie, Liverpon! Sept. 30, and Queenstown
Oct. with mie. and pass, to Charles G. Franchisn.
steamshin James Adger, Lockwood, Charleston, 8. C., Oet. 19, with
mds, ond pass. to Heors 1 Morgan Co,
te Br 2 Wyanoke, Bour e Kiehmond City Point, and Norfolk, with
mdse. and pass. to Oil Dominion Steamsuip Co.
Sweanuship Wamsutta, Fisk, New Ledfon, withjmdse. and pass. to Fer
guson Would
Br.w Elw ra, Abbott, Newport,
The Votronoliten Insurance (Company.
In 12650] 8 Company roevived more premintas in New-Jork (ity than
aay other oppo In te it was most untortonate in having the larg
est aout at risa wo Portland; the Company re ite imu ese losses
prompts, pede ata capital to Three Hundred Thousand Doliars. and
undertook the artious and dsngerons task of reducing a widely-scattered
basiness to absolute control.
In 197, in view of the demoralization attending the transaction of
Agency us ness. and the peras. ti uetermiuslot 0 IArger compadies to
have bu<iess. even at manos rate. the Metropolitan modest's with.
drew al its agencies and bas since con ned ite busiuess to the Metropol
ton Fistowet, Whether swiselr or nor the Con pape bag there nr cseapad
the dreatfal contligration at Chica o, and stands realy to iusure mer
chan se risks thers whieh tae oleers have persistently declined at
the rates ruling before the Clicaze Fire,
Merchants sou remember tie Metropolitan; its dealings Lave alwava
been hotorable, aud baving pad Vive Milhon Dollim in losses. the
officers know how to meet them, and Low to adjust them equitably Lv.
Ezvress.
Headquarters for Single Waliham Walches, Yorn,
Prine Co, 2 oud-st., New-Yor,
‘Billinrd Table nt Home for $20 !—Full size enes and balls
Noweatr: toon required Diaram wailed free, ABBOT Nic dolis
90 Liberty -si., New-York
Wedding and Visiting Cards, Initial Stamning Note Paver
Wy Kverperls Soxs 104 Prirovaer., opp. Oud Derca CRORE.
COMSTOCK—STANNARD— On Wein slay, Oct. 11. by the Rev. Henry
T. Sta ta, at the resuteuce of the bride s parents, Steplen Comstock of
Norwals to Kate E Stanpand of New Haven. No cans,
CRANDALL—EISENPRICF—On Wednesdar, Oct. 11, at St. Ann's
Chere, West Bighteentiost., by Rev. Tuomas Galiandet D D.. Jobn
A. Coandall and Josephine B., daughter of Chas. F. Eisenprice, add
of this city. No canis.
GHOFSBECK=VARICK—In Jerser Citr, Oct. 11, at the residence
of the Lrile's parents, Ls tie Bev, WoW, Halloway, jr. Mr Choaries
FE. Groesbeck of New York to Miss Anoa M. R., eldest daughter of Dr.
T. kK. Vanek
JOHUNSON—CRANE—In Jersey Cite. on We!neaday, Oct. 11, by Rev.
Cornelins RB. Banse't, Aler’ A, Johnson to kmma, daaghter of the
late Charles Crane. all of this city. No cands.
OSTRANDFR=YOUNG=On ith inet, at the residence of the bride,
by Friends ceremony, Maurier W. Ostrander of New-York to Marr D.,
p 4 wghter of Henry D, Young oi Brookston,
ROCTER—MEYER—On the 11th inst. atthe South Preshrteriaa
Chureh, Brooklyn, by Kev, Samuel Spear. D. D, assisted br Rev
Francis L. Patton, George H. Procter. Ciucinuat, to Pauliie, daughter
of M. H. Maver of Brook! a.
ROBBINS—HUBBS=0n Oct, 11, at the residence of the bride's father,
by Friends erremon~. Waiter Robbins to Sarah E., daughter of Richard
C, Habbs, all of Jericho, L. L
STUARD=MACCARTY —In New-York Feb. 7, by the Rt. Rev. Bishop
McCloskey, Mr. Josias Staard of New Jersey to Pegxy MacCarty of
Ireland.
WOODBRIDGE ~BLISS—In Brookirn, N. Y.. on Thursdar, Oct. 13,
1871, at the residence of the bride, No. 19 Secomi-place, by the Rev.
Dr. Baseroft, Mrs. Mary F. Bliss to Joseph E. Woudbridge, all of
Brooklru.
WICKES—PORSYTH—At Newbnrgh, N. Y. Oct. 11. by the Rev Joba
Forsith, D. D., Edward A. Wickes of New York w Mary Williaws,
daughter of Rubert A. Forssib, esq., of Newburgh.
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed swith full
Ei ia =u SA
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed swith full
name and address. ata
dri.
CORT—At Esopas, Ulster Co., N. Y., Wednesday night, Oct. 11, 1871,
Mary. wife of J. H. Cort. in the 39th year of ber age.
Services at the residence of her father, H. Ii. Hooper, esq.. Esopus, N.
Y.. Friday, at 3:30. The remains will be taken to Liresawood for Later:
meat
HALI—On Thursday morsing. Oct. 12. Emma Eliza, infant daaghter of
Heory B. and Emma Hall. aged 17 outhy aed 4 darn
Relatives and friends are jnvited to attend faners) at the residence of
ber parents, Nixth-at., Morrisania N.Y. ono Saturday, at 10 o'clock
[Sr
LEWIS—1n Brooklye, on Tiuralay, Oet 12. Mrs. Arn Lewis, agad 76
are rettes of the ate EL Gh Lewis
Bole. ves aod ine ds of the family are invited to sttend the fuseral ob
Naturday, be oil inst. tJ p.m. (rom the residence ol her sod:
law. BJ. Vriaswa Ao 145 Liniagses #6
MAPRPRIFD.
DIFD
WODLTON- At Morrisar a @ct 10, Mrs. Elisabeth Mosier Mouhon
Aanghber of the late A'raiam Go-siog of this dig, aged 7) yearn.
The relatisas and ‘rends of tie G@mily, also of her sous in-law, Réwnsd
(les and N. Pradle nn Rogers, are ewpecttally inviind 30 aitend dst
fuera) at St. PaaFe barb, HorAgiia, ou Priday, Lith inst. ab 1%
p.m. without farther sotice. Carrom wl be in waiting oo the sev
vi ofthe 1540 om tran from Now York,
PO-TI'~ At Sing “log, on Wedneaiay oveuing, Ort. 11, Jobm D. Post, im
the S34a year of bis ooze
Tic relatises ani irende are invited to attend bis fuweral on Setardeg,
Oct. 14, at 10 0'clory am.
Ovgon apd Lisko papers please enpy
KAVEN —At Curacan, Wk, ou sept, 17, leary H. Raves, in the 438
year of his age.
RAYMOND=—Ou Wednesiay Oct. 11, Jeanie, youngest daughter of Nedmog
 Rarmon! aged 2 years, mont, sad dass
Relatives and fronds of he family are respectioll; invited to attend the
farersl from the esa ce of her father, No. 40 Clennsonteva,
Rrook!rn, on Friday Qet. 13 at 4 o'clock p.m, withont farther aston
Homie us moll or Caen to Stam ior l, Conte, for iuienneat
WAPM N= At [micston N.Y. on Thursday, the 12th inst, A 4g
thera. Orvis Cron, ony son of Walter 8. and Asca DB. W
WO IME TURY SUT) LP RIOT SEN
Funeral on catrrds the TIE hur WM 20clock pom Trains leave Be
Ftartetheat dopot il Ke it Kat 17 a mand 1230 pom; retrain
wave lrvmet on at wi iT pom Frcuds aod reislives we iavited bo ob
teud withoat further notice
Ore of the
PHENIX INSUDZANCE COMPANY,
No. 17:3 BROADWAY
Nuw York. October 10, 1670.
We are happr to inform the public thai the PHENL INSURANCE
COMPANY of BROOKLYN wi!’ pay ALL Yer losses in the ('Licaze Gre
0ut of Aor met wurplus, over all Hatdities, lsaving het sound sl endows
tor basin ss.
Our enulition on October 1571, is 28 follows:
Cah Capital... se %1.000,600 00
$1,538,735 45
Loss, Le. shjusted but vot due, Oct. 1, (£7. $83,736 33
$1,763,019 1%
Chicazn losses will not exceed in anv event. $330,000 00
A: we are Guy of the opiaion that the loss
_ wElnob ogee oss £200,000 09
We congratulate our petrois and ourselves on our fortmmate cocape.
STEPHEN CROWEILT,
————————_ Pretiient Pheniz losarases
The Executive Committee of the CITIZENS and TAX
PAYLES for tue FINANCIAL KEFURM of the CITY and COLNTY
of MUW-LORK:
The Epler cy members of the Sub.Committee on Ways and Means
respect ully solicit cubserntions to the Fund for defraging the expensed
of Le shove Commitiee of Neventy in performing the daty devolved upon
tut Commition ub the meetog Leid at whe Cooper Union, on Mendsy
evening. September 4, 187i. Such subseriptions may be seat to Hell
Sauer ey. Treeasnrer. at No. 120 Broadway; to either of the undersigned,
of lo coll=ciors daly appointed tor tue purpose, wie will stow thelr
authorntr,
New York, Fept. 11 170
JAMES M. BROWN PAUL J. SPOFFPORD,
HENKY CLEWS, WASHINGTON R VERMILYS,
SAML D. DABUOCK, WM. M PLIISS,
Bb. B. *HZEMAN J. SELIGMAN,
JNO. A STEWART, EUGENE BALLIN,
HENRY G. STPREINS, Chaismen, i;
Wii. F. HAVENEN ER, Vice curman, ©0000.
The Uxecutive Committee of Citizens ang Raxpatesy
for the risancinl Keform of the City and County
NCW Y OT Koi 1 Committers to Examice into the Alleges Fraods on
the Sours of Mono bork earned ty reg est all citizeas who have
8 personal Knowiedze oo facts wile woudl be of serviee W She Vain thee
towed a writien abomeat of the» air sod to te Comiuties
Poss Office Box 2,312 WILLIAM H. WICKHAM, Charman.
JACK-0ON »CIIULTE, Ceo, Co BARRETT,
FREDE. SOUTACK J M HALSTED,
Joly WHEELED, JUsEIH BLUMENTHAL,
J. J. ODONGL I, [50a H. BAILEY
Execative Committee of Citizens and Taxpayers fos
the Financial lKetorm of the City and County of Ne
Y ork.—At a recular weevng of the Sub-Committee on Elections,
va Monday srveulnz, Octoser 4, it was anabieously resolved that, sot
H eat ee, the meoalir meeting of the Comm. toe on Eset ons be
oF MONDAY and tL KSDAY ub 6 pom, of each week, in the rooms p
to txecatve Commies, Noo Uk Broadway, soul. eas corner
Twentj-secoud-st. JOsEvH H CHOATE,
(tairman of Committee on Elections.
Farcutive Committee of Citizens and Tax-Payert
for the fiuuncinl lketorm of ue City and County
ews=York, Looms, No 94 Broadway south-east corner Tous:
second st.—A meeting of the Committee will be held at the Hoome,
Yoo Browiway, ou TULS (Frda;) EVENING, at o'clock.
HENRY G. STEBBINS, Chairmen.
Roswrrr D. Harcu, Secretary
BAKCLAY GALLAGHER, Assistant Seer tarry,
“Republican Centrai Committee will meet at Masonic Tiel,
Tiireonthosi. between Third and Fourto-aves. 01 FRIDAY EVENING,
VU tober JJ, atl o clock. JOLUN J. TOWNSEND, President.
(iw: WW LlLcax S=eretary.
Gross
g


Orrick of THE GErMANIA FIRE [INSURANCE gy
175 Broadway, New-York, Oct. 10, 1870
This Company is prepared to pay cash for all ita losses at (tenga
which, if every risk in force is burned up. will amount to $22,500, sud,
after makoug payment, will show a surplus over capiial of abewh
$405,700,
A deta’led statement is preparing, sad ¥ill be published 23 soem a8
completed.
Tuis preliminary votics is g ven to assure our friends and costomess
that the Company is sound beyond question, and that the value of wa
policy is not affected by the Chicago fire.
RUDOLPH GARRIGUE, President.
JOHN ED. KAHL, Vice-Presideat.
HUGO SCHUMANN, Secretary.
The Merchants' Insurance (ompany of New-York Gig
have but 17,000 4s the total amoant of insurance aad lose al the Chicage
fre. As there are other Merchants’ Insarance Companies in Clicage,
Harford Provilesee and other cities, this annenncement is made to son
rect wrong in.pressions. The following communication speaks for tans
OFFICE oF THE MERCHANTS INSURANCE aid
149 Broanpway, N. X,, Oct, 10, 137L
To ths Editor of The Tribune,
Sik: We take pleasure in answering vour inquiries as to the condition
of this Compasy at aud alter she Clicago tre, aud present the loliomng
stale nent
CT hrided Ot. Loves genceses CER R RARER 16 460
And tue following iowses in the Chicago fire, which
Gross Oct, 10, 1871.....oourininninnns SIRE TRR NAILS $463,564 29
rsssnsrnsesnnsrssssnssnsnsrsses vers
are probably total
R. Hot Co. of New-YorK......coeuveiina. $2,000
Baker, Smith Co. of New-York........... 3,000 v
Bowen, Whitman Winslow.......oeeennee 5,000
G. Hubbard Courserrrrrrnrsnrssrssscsens HU 15,000—231 450 8
Net Surplus after paying Chicago losses. .........oo0ns HLA
J. L. DOUGLASS, Secretagy.
Queen Fire Insurance Company,
U. S. Branch, 117 Broadway, New York.
Capital.a.ooeenns vrrriirnnrieess £2,000,000 Stertiog.
Assets iD this COUNLIY..coesrronssrrssneies $440,000
We desire to inform the insuring public that this Company, baring
closed its agency in Chicago nearly two years ago, loses nothing by the
coufagration in that city, WIL. ROSS, Manager.
Part es exposed to risk by tie failure or weakness of companies whose
polices they bold will be iusared io first-class compacies, whose solveney
may be relied upon, by leaviag their orders with the undersigned at theis
temporary office, No. 163 Broadway, which bas been leased for the above
purpose. Our branch office in Clhicagd, and our position as conductors of
the leading Insurance Review in the World (The Spectator) gives ws wm
equaled facilities for secaring. for our patrons. insurance which is ines
ance. Advice as to the desirabloness or necessity of changing policies
given promptly, Iu this latter respect, we may save onr frien ls angiety
and expense. J H. C. M. GOODSELL,
Offices of The Spectator, 156 and 153 Broadway.
156 and 158 Washington-st.. Chicago (burned out).
i RE OT —r—
AGENCY oF THR OC NyreTioer Meroas Lien Dxksyonl
Company, 14 Broadway, New-Yors, Oct, 12 171
some anxiety has been felt, sue the groatfice, with regard to
the position of the CONN. MUT. LIFE INS. Co. OF HART FORD.
It 1s well known that tuis Compauy has luened ou Chicago real estate
from $5.000,000 to $7.0000 [ts nameroas polier-holders will be
ratified to learn that not one dollar of this large sum will be lost. Thess
fn Lave heen wade 10 tue most conservative maaner. The esamates
of value have been glen by wen of «fe viens, upon cash basis, with
al! doubts in favor of the Companys. They have made it the rule thal
the value of tie uaked land shall largely exces the loan in every im
stance. The following dispatch has been received trom the Company:
Sav to all inquirers that the loans of the Conn. Mut. Lite los. Ce.
in Chicago are upon first Morigages uly. The cuss value of the naked
and is seventy-five to three buadred per cent in excess of the loans.
Our insurances are in Eastern companies, wostly Harsford, which wild
stand. There is oo possibility of loss. We aiv as strong as ever,
Hartford, Oct. 11 1471 J. L. GKEENK, Sec’y.

Lilie Association of Amcrics.
OFFICE, 92 BROADWAY, NEW YORK
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES
Kafety and tar return to poliev-bolders,  keonomy and eaergy 1a man
agement. All profits equitably divided among polices -holders,
Policies uou-iorfeiting, fair surrender value yuarantecd by charter.
Evers State La oi of wore representatives 10 the Geoeral Board of
Directors. WILLIAM BARNES, Actuary.
Co CF Bouses, Atlorney.
I nitarians to the Rescue!
Nothing is mere needed by the homeless families of Chiao thas
warm clothng  Foud 1s by this thwe at hand, but thousands must be fou
days without auy sielter and utterly destitute of the most ordinary eess
forts The wembers of our charches there have special claims ups ue ab
this time. It is highly probable that mauy of the dwellings, if wot the
churches, of our miuisters and their people are in ashes, and that rich and
pour are common sufferers from a disaster which recognised oo diatinatian
of persons. Contributioes of elothing, bedding, portable food,
money sent to the Sanday Sebool Room of All Church, No
Fourth-ave., betwoen Nineteenth and Twentieth-sta., apaiains, a2 dap
this week between the bours of 10 a. m. and 4 p. m., ad ph
forwardad to the safiering people of Chicago, A E: OWE
ministers there. EN y
New York, Oet. 11.1871 CL
a er Perrine
Pronounced by Consolmears
“THE ONLY @ooD SAUCE.
It improves appetite and and it ls unrivaled Saver.
mre ape {ke PERRINS io prosecute all pasties
making or vending counterfeits.
yr
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS,
AGENTS, NEW.YORK.
ES m——
GENTS RILK HATS, SEVEN DOLLARS,
Gents’ Traveling aud Undress Hata, in great varicty, at moderate prices
BOYS AND YOUTHS HATS--New Styles
Deviled Menta for Lunch, Breakfast, &e.

W. UNDERWOOD Co.'s ongiual aud ouly gesuin® wake, 8 dale
cious relish for the table.
dod by Whe bert rogers. WH holasnie. 306 Knlienst.
Gpecial Notices
"A Card.
“Mo the Business Public.