Tribune.
"PRICE FOUR CEN PRICE FOUR CENTS.
NEW-YORK. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1871.
WASHINGTON.
vor. X XXL. No 9,581.
ATUIT CT'DUICTY RTFFOLM.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT ACCOMPANYING
THE REPORT OF THLE CIVIL SERY ICE COM
MISSION—SHALL THERE BE WORE SHODDY
COLI FTORS T=THE NEW RULES AND REGD
LATIONS Tb» GO INFO EFFECT ON THE FIRST
OF JANUARY.
A
WASIINATON, Tacsday, Dee. 16,1871
Te the Senate and House of Representatives:
In accordance with the “act of Congress approved
March 3, 1871. I convened a Commission of eminent
gentlemen to devise rules and regnlations for the
purpose of reforming the civil service. Their labors
are now complete, and 1 transmit herewith their
report, together with the rules which they recom
mend for my action. These rules have been adopted,
and will co into effect on the 1st day of January,
1872. Usder the law referred to, as I inter
pret it, the autho ity is already invested in the
Erecutive to enforce these regnlationg, with full
power to al ide, aller, or amend them at his option,
when charees may be deemed advisable. These
viows toocthor with the report of the (Commission
ers. are snlrritted for yenr eareful consideration as
ta wheilior further legislation may Le necessary in
order ‘o carry ont an effective and beneficial civil
petvice Tofona. If left to me, without further ac
tion of Congress, the mles preserilicd hy the Come
wission, under the reservation already mentioned,
will ba faitlifully execnted; tut they ara not biud
fug on my successors without further lecizlation.
Reine de<ivons of Liinging this suhicet to the atten
tion of Congicsa Yefora the holiday recess, 1 have
pot time to sufici-ntly examine the accompa jing
report 10 enable me to engeest definite legislative
action to insure the support which iuay Le necessary
in order to give a thorough trial to a policy Img
needed. Task forall the strength which Congress
can rive me to enable me to earry out the reforms in
the Civil Service recommended by the Commission
ers and adorted, to take eflect, as before stated. on
Jan. 1. 102. The lawt which provides for the
convening of a Commission to devi:a mles and reg
whit oa for reforming the Civil Service, authorizes,
I think, the permanent oreanization of a primary
bead ned whe so general directions all examina
tiova of applicants for publie office shall Le con
ducted. Thore is va appronriation to eo tinue eel
a bouad bevoed the termination of its present
Jahors, I theroforn recommend that HY
proper approvriaiion Le made to continne
the eorvies of the preznt Bo od for another year;
aud, in view of the fuet that thoee membersof the
Board Laold pesitions in the pnblie sevviee, which
proctados them fiom rec ivine extra compensation
wnaer exiting lowe, that they be authorized tore
ecive a fair compensation for extra service rendered
by ther in the performance (1 this dur,



i
Lroewiive Mansior ve 19,1571, 8, GRANT.
WHY TF RVPanT WAS SENT IN IV SUCH HASTE
TH COU NSE OF THE APMINISTRATION niN
ATG PEPUDIATED BY T!UF PPESIDENT.
ESN "NUT Brey THY TILEY Yet
WC SLOINCT ON, 10 Q0)Y,, IC, 30, 270.
Been hody in We inet isin the dak, to-vigit,
as to the notare of the report of the Civil Serviee
Coinnission, a8 no copies of tha! report have heen
tributed exeept io tho procs, There is the greatest
gnvicty to see all of ihe docementa ong to Conroe,
te-Cav, by the President, and no de hit exoeds that,
were there time befora the resco, beth Tonses world
Jannels ont into another debate on Civil Service Tes
fo.m. Withort knowing mich what the now (kin
of somoindrent is, thoie is a wide read imeressdon
that the hasie with vv hich tae Prosident confesses in
Yis meager ze he has «ot inthis report, is intonded Ly
Rim to he construed a ropndiation of the course oi
his so-called friends in the Senate during the past
week, F
SYNOPSIS OF THE 10 0T OF THE CIVIL SERVICE
COMMISSION=—=TH.. HULA SUBMIT FD,
Wasnmnatoy, Dee. 10 =Tha Civil Serviee
Conoanissioners, after cing the act undrr which they
wore constituted a Commisglon, enter upon a gketeh of
the policy of the variona Administrations in the eariier
histor of the Government, with regard to appointments
to the Civil Service, and briefly note the various corte
made from time to time to correct evils, and then pass to
a description of the present condition of the Civil Rervice,
getting forth in detail the serions and threatening evils
of the present practice of treating the inferior posts of
the Administration as party prizes, ond answering varl
one arguments Ly which jt fe sought to be justified.
They say that 3 by examination for admission to the
Civil Qerviee nothing were understood but a test of roere
Uterary proficicney, it wizlt be reasonably opposed as
unseat sfuciory.
A country which “declares that where technical ekill
1s equal, it will gelect the eandidate for its gervice swho
fs *he better educated, is the country which directly and
proc teally enesnraces mtelligepee and morality. Tt is
trae that certain ditinealched men in the publio ser
vice mieht not have passed a ecrfain literary examina
tion, wl his now required of young men entering the
pare soriloe; but it 18 equally true that the older
men could lave passcd ‘the examination, had it
tn thir ease been fgequired, and the proof is
A copreity of hich their precent distinction
f« Ye cvitenee The Comrlssioners say, in concluding
thor rene We donot, ndead, annpose that the adop
tor oft aov rp les, however skilfully framed, would at
ercoror ody the evita fn the Civil Rerviee, which are
vioversa lv nek owledeed, and experience will doubt
Yo oo ohow how es ery method of reform may be improced.
Biota ev sw! rtalr ly not he remedied without
pr ft. Tues who are emtent to demand Civil! Sor.
vie stare, ho who oppose every practical attenipt to
Yoon ote dt, unt he rusperted of Laving little real hos
1 to the system which they AQcery, Fortn
Bale v, Lowever, publle attention was never more
pesclint ly tamed to 8 efabjeet, and there
Yous pever aoancre favorable moment to hesin the Re.
form Toe poy fesnes of the last few vears are grada
yd ane, The perilons questions of funda
Cente poudew Lave heen determined, and the paratyoount
{ter cts ofthe eonn'ry ane Low those of the Adminis.
tron bien vont efficiency of the administration
of tLe wertlen pat ionad poliey will now ba the chief de
Bond ef coor pores Bat nowhere oep that pmrpose he
shown so panty in tbe reformation of the Civil Service,
0 is Ca econre dnt oerity, efficiency, and economy,
After ques fam a yecent ohio of Mr. Gludstonea,
to <0 tana finder reforma has been made sd bas
$cc eo on kocand, the Comualsgioners eontinne
“We propose, (leo, thet in this conntey the Pluces nthe
Jide sepvice Lull be restored to those who nre fonnd
o be footed for them, and if any one 13 disposed to think
that un ohnee of 40 years is a lnw of the republican sy
tem, a little reflection will show him his error. If he 3
Loves arvioria to be possible, he merely shows that
ches thie victim of the abuse, and forgets that in Awerica
every reform ie possible, The enforcement of the roles
that we suhit ter upproval depends, of course, upon
tue pleasure of the Preqdents yot, should they receive
the mctom of Congress in the forin of law,
thir enforcement would become, until  re
pealed, not only the weasars, bat the duty
of ile President. That sanction, whether
to the ro'es now submited, or to any seheme,
vill iwore aniely promote that purity and efticlency
CCl ser jee the country most earne-tly desires, If
that sunciion shionld be delayed, the rules adovted for
hic action hv the President eonld not find his successors
but, unless we are wholly mistaken, the rafortn would so
vindicate fis if to the good »coso of Hi copnkry that the
People then wives wodd reflect any purty aud any can
tidute hat pro posed to relapse futo the present prac
ch: The ti provement of the Civil Service is cinphisti
yo Y the people's cause, the Jeopies reform, und the
Slatiative which vigorously begins ft will acquire
aio Only less than that of the salvation of free
(Fo. WH. Currie, Arex. 6. CATTELY,
ERE MepiL, DAVIDSON A. WALKER,
LLL, Josery H. BLACKFAN,
The to} Davip Cox.
flowing are tie rules submitted by the Commis
eloLeie:
L No pers
wt inl vod te uy Joton te Be Cl iw
ests, who is 1.4 4 citizen of the Unite he Heads he yh
furu.ied steactury triieBos I rad Mates; who sha!l net Lave
a) who abil not Lace passe! 8 sad cLarsiter, Lealth, snd age,
wesiiag 40h Nriting the bugle ya ery xa. tion iu wpeabing,
A
Au Aivtaory Bosrg of suitable pers
Gent, uoder roger ual po, a, th emploved by the Presi.
Act making apm priations for suoury civil o areh 3, 187], entitled, “An
for the bacsl yer ends June leh aod case of the Government,
187 46 Jract calle. group 1.6 posidons in each other porposes,” shall, so
Seoprd ug to the Nazacier of the auton Lo be rah of the: Civil Rervice
euch gioup fiom he lowest Lo the loghest, for the orwol, sud wall grade
withiu We grog, Adv iuaucs te the 11 Home og “1 pletion
Joxe at grade of any croup; aud to suck poritie hall niniys be to the
graded, adwiesion sh) 1x determined as prov dod Cant be grouped as
3A vacancy aecurring in Le lowest grate of x the lowcat grass.
sal be 8111, after Cae public sotice. from all ap ny Kronp officers
sent thewselves, ard who ohall bare farn sled wy “ats who shill pre
oe preliminary exar ination tirendy mentioned "iiss #08 mtisSod
Passe] pubic couetilive examination w teat their k who skal have
3rd apecinl qoe¥idcat ong for the performur.ee of od wig 3 ability,
The Board eomiucting pur €mmditive 3 aties of the oflice
Spor she qupervia m of ‘he Advisers eaten Ste Jrevare,
ie Greer of
BE. ig we pr a ec, Rb ea
ot dbiintin on ni HElunt, and sball Lieu certify to the pou.
Wenn oN, Taesdav, De
ihe head of wneh Net not eyenading three, and from the pvmes thus certi
fed the appointment shall e made,
4. A veeancy ecenrring in anv erade of a groun of offcers shore the
lowest aball be filled hy a competitive examination of appl eanta from the
o'her evades of that group, and the Hst of names from which the arpoint
ment is to be mace shall he prevared and certified as provided mn the pre
ceding rales; hut if no such ap nl canta are fonnd e-mpetent, the appoint.
went slall be upon an examivation of all applcaots, conducted iu ao
cordance with the provigions for admission to the Yowest grate.
5. Applicants certified or otherwise qualified for sppointirent se
Cashiers of Collectors of Customs, Cashiers of Aseietont Treasnrers'
Casliiers of Postmaster Superintendent of Money Order Divison in
Post Off ces, aud such other enstodiane of large same of money AB TAY
hereafter be destenated he fhe Atesary Boor! snd for whoes pacuriery
flelity another oficer is responsible. «ball. nevertheless, not be appointed
except wth the anprova) of such other officer.
U6, Postmasters whoee annual wader ig loca (an $900 mar be appointed
vpon the written reqnect of epplicants, with ach evidence of character
avd-Stnese an shall be entigisctors to the Lead of the Department,
7. The anpointwent of all per-ons entering (he Civil Fervice hu pocon
ance with these regn'ations, excep vg persons appointed by the Preyeat
by ard with the advice an! consent of the Fennte, Postmasters, sul per
sous appointed to any position in a foreizn comutry, shal! be wade for a pro
bationnry terns of six mon hs, dasirg which the conduct and eapacity of
Ee shall he tested. ard, if of the end of sneh prolationary tenn,
satisfactory proofs of ther £1 noss sha'l have been furnished by the Bosnd
of Lxamin: rs to the hel of toe Depir weut in which they shall avo
heen ereploved during seid term, ther 1hal be reaprainted,
8. The President will designs’e thies per-ons in each deprrtient of
rub! e service to cerve rs 0 Lorrd of Examiners. which, nodes tho soner
vixion of the Advisory Boar!, and under re mlstions to he yracenivid hy
i. pnd at sueh tia ee 20d ploees ox it mar Jeter ine, sho cond ct ner
penile, or bv nero s opproved hy the Advisory Be irl, all ine etizai0n8
2 !exatainations for adwiseion iste said Deparinents or for piouotion
there n,
0 Aus rerson. wha ~fter Jorg and frithf-d earviee fo a depart: ent het,
he Aneanacits ted hy ment 3 or bodily in frmitice for tha efficiest Yieehapoe
of the duties oF is position mas he ag nointed by the head of the Doparts
vont ot le discretion to a position of less pespolsiviiiy fu the cae
 Devarts ent,
1h. Notninz in these mes 8" all prevent the anpainknent of al'ene to
yostious in the Cooanlar sorvie which, he ro ou «fF sm 3 RULE LES
ior. or of other salliciont wea are in the Julgreot f the appointing
powrrine ssa Ved: por te apro'ntment of guch pesaomg w thin
40 Un ted States ac are indispensible to a prover deetos oe of the ties
of certain positions, Int wlio mar rot be taulier with the Euglsh lau
guace. as legalls eqjalile of wrturatzoiion,
11. Xo head of a depa=tiaent nor any sabanlint: oFrer of the Gow
errnent 1 as sock Meer, anther or porm’t or an t in Yering
rv assercnent af notes for rol tied) purposes vn ee the form of vane.
tere contr lutions or ot erwise npon ANY yeron plored under Lis
co tral mor shall £ne Rael poseos pv any mener ko asesued,
12. The Advicory Bord shall at au tise rcomaerd to the Pros lent
gael of anves in theo mies ae it pay eon dder Boceseary to secure Lae
greater eficlener «f the Civil Beryiee,
13. Fearn these rales aie eaeerted the heads of Denartmente, Ase ctnrt
Rocretareg of Deorartacpts, Ascriant Arte ciev-Cooepal, and Fort As
elztart Pevmacter-Qener. Sobeitar-ticnera), Solicitor of the Tre ware,
Nara! Col citor, Cobicitor of Intern) Revenve, Examiner of Cluima in the
State Denartiment, Tro xnrer of the United Ptotes, Reiter of the Tre
wer Viest and Secon! Controllers of the Treasare, Jo] vec of to United
Reates Coprte, Dictr'et Attorme-s. Private Secretary of the Present,
Yinhase dors and other vutlie ministers, Superintendent of the Co st
Snpres Proctor of the Ying, Governors of Ter irares Nnneiq] Conor we
sianers, Special Arend Vieting and Brar aug Boar's prame sim
pointed fa postions vitheat cormpcisation for services, dispute agents,
and bearers of Lispaicles,
pointed t vl ositione vithead compcisation for services, wl=puich RgUnis,
aud bearers of dispatches.
ecmati——
CURRENT TOPICS AT THE CAPITAL,
ANSIITY CONCERNING OUR RFLATIONS WITH
CUBA =THE AMNESTY OVESTION=11TE, NEW
YORK BANK FAILURES TO BE INVESTIGATED.
(BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TPIRUNE.
WASHI%GTON, Taesday, Doe 12,187,
Cttention Lag recently been ealled to those poriions of
te President's late Message referring to our relations
with Cuba, in whieh he save that “1t is hoped that oil
pending questions will Spain, crowing out of the 2ilairs
in Cava, wav Ue adjasted fu the spirit of peace and cons
eiation which has bhitverto guided the two powersin
their treatment of svel cacslongs Nobody reem: to
Kuow positively thot thigre pre any pedis ques" ions
Letwoen this comorey and Spain, execpt these which
Lave been preferred to the Spamsh Cliims Commission,
aud there ic quite a widesproad inguivy as fo what #08
nassaee in the Mesace means, To cet sore heliton thas
question a resolution was introdaced in the Senate, to
day, calling for fufornation,
Ti iz understood that a majority of the House Judiciary
CC ounnittee aren favor of the Amnesty bil which passed
tle House Yast Spring, and is now waiting action in the
nate. This nll exempted from the benefits of amnesty
members of Congre=s in 1561, and army and uavy officers
who went into the Revellion, ind members of conventions
who vated for ordinances of secession, These elassos
Jono, if is sappoasd, embrace more than 1,600 persons
To the Committee, when they come to act upon the sin
cot. decide to go no iurther than the bil now pendine in
tae Senate they will malo no report: bat if they Like
tid coro, an effort Will he made, soon after the recs,
Lo poss ironed tio House a bill granting a fii cul cons
plore pyane te,
Whe Mouse Commitee on Banking and Currency will
appolrt a gulecom. tee nuder the resolntion passed to
day, to pro to New York during the holiday ree «3 for the
pir oe CF dnvestipating the eases of the recent sus
pension of three nation Lapis in that city, They con
dar the cnbiccd of enone acipartancs to make arid
Coad thor ag investintion, vb eon if these sap ns.oins
Palle any defects in the banking system that can he
yodified by Yegisbiios, The Committee hal a Cisenssion
fhe porsine pron the srecin pavinent gquestibn, but
wins tadive Se of ambaan the Comngittee caine te no
1 nm, Iie probe that tie Committee will pur
ges tire ot toed" patio v that lik prevail Tin Cor gress
for aver il years, ahd will agree to nothing to faciutatoe
re -umpucu.
Mr. Farnsworth, from the Post-Office Committee, to
¢an futpodiced a bill to prevent straw bids" for carry
yz the male, by making it a felony to put in a bid of
that description. Of late this has become a great evil,
cspociidly In the oath. The modus operandi of the
crraw-Lid swindle fe this: When the Post-Oftlce Depart.

yaent invites proposals for carrying the mals, the old
contractor procures come person to make a fraadnlent or
wetraw bid €o Jow that it 18 certain to be accepted,
When the time comes for the bidder to assome the dutics
of corrier he 1s not tobe found, ant, consequent, the
mails over the route have to gtop, or the Department
must pay the old contractor to continne fn service until
now bide ean be advertised, for the law does not permit
the next highest bidder to bawe the contract. New pro
posals are then invited, but often the straw bidding 18
continued indefinitely, the eld contracter, of course,
reaping the benefit. It 1s thought that Mr. Farusworik's
Lill will stop the evil.
The Committee on Elections, this morning, considered
the contested election case of McKenzie agt, Braxton
from Virgiuia, and unanimously decided that Eraxton,
the sitting member, was entitled to continue In his reat.
The grounds of contest by McKenzie wero that sce of
the poll-hooks had not been properly gizned, and that on
many ballots Braxton's infrials had heen incorrectly
siven, The Committee decided the first oljaction to be
merely technical, without evidence of fraud, and also
that it was the manifest intention of the ¢'co tors to vote
for Braxton when they placed his name on their ballots,
and that the mistake of an foitial was not suilicieut
ground to throw out the ballots.
Ldward Powers, a civil engineer of Chicago, IN)., has
petitioned Congress for ald to enable Lim to test Lis
method for the artificial production of rain. He wants
to be furnished with 300 cannon of not less than 24-pounds
caliber each, and 30,00 pounds of powder to fire in them,
together with an electrical battery and other appliances,
to enable him to discharge all the pieces simultaneously,
In support of i= theory that rain can be produced hy
the tiring of artillery, hie fives a long list of battles, fo
irelnding nearly every fmportant engagement durlug
the Rebellion, cach of which was follewed, Lie alleges, by
a heavy rain-storm. He also cites instances in the Mexi
ean war, and in wars in Europe, when battles have heen
followed by rain, unl urges that It is a matter of such
scientific importance to determine if heavy cannonading
will canse showers, that the Government ought to pro
vide the pmeans for conducting the experiments neces.
sary to determine the question.
In the U. B. Court of Clale, to-day, a little epl=ode
occurred which drew out &n opimon from Chicf-Justice
Drake, which will be of some Interest to the legal pro
fession. The claim of John I. Burrell was to come up
fn the Court to-day on a wotion for a new trial. Wm,
Penn Clark, when the cuse was culled, arose
and stated that, on account of an event
which liad occurred, he could not go on with the
case, It subsequently became known that the event
alluded to was the employ ment of Judge Casev by Bur
Crell as an additional attorney fn his case, the Judge
waking a statement to thie effect, de fending his post
tion in tie Jerephl sey Judge Drako erettled the contre
versy on the spot, by ordering the case to go over,
stating that the Court must decline to hear a cuso
where there wos want of barony among conusel on
same side; and that, unless unity existed among them, a
proper prescutatipn of thio arguments could not bo had.
[GERERAL PRESS DISPATCILI
The Chicf-Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States to-day announced to the Bar that the opioious in
the legul-tender cases will be read at an early «day after
the recess, and that the delivery of theses opinions had
been postponed ut the reanest of the winority.
The bill introduced by Representative Lynoh of Maine,
yesterday, imposing tunnage duties, provides in the first
rection for a tunnage duty on ull vessels entering from
foreign countries of 30 cents per tun and jn the second
section, for the payment of $4 per tun per year to Amer
fean vessels engaged in foreign trade. Tod bill was re
ferred to the Committee on Commerce,
To-day the Grand Jury found a true bifl of indictment
against F. A. Marden, charging him with embezzling.
$12,000 of the lawful money of the United Ktatea, A
ugainst Beth Johnson, charged with embezzling $10,000.
Mr. Lewis presented a petition fn the Senate, to-day,
from Richard I. Garrett of Caroling County, Va., asking
compensation to the amount of $2,523 for hits barn, de
ktroyed by Col. Raker, to effect Lhe capture of John
Wilkes Booth and D. C', Harold, in 1568, Hooth and Har
old, 1t will be remembered, were concealed in Garrett's
barn, and it was destroyed by fire ju ordes to get then,
It has been discovered, by 8 member of the House
whose frank was recently forged, that there 18 no law
which Fuislics the offense, The fact having been
brought to the attention of Senator Ramsey, that gentle
mun will move an amendment to the Postal bil!, making
the forgery of the frank of a member of Congress a mis
demeanor, to be Myistied 0 a fine of $500.
A delegation of Cuban ladies from New-York, Mra.
Anna B, de Mora, Mra, de Agramente, Mra, Querada, and
Mre. Emilia C. de Villaverde, Becretary of the League of
the Daughters of Cuba, called on the Presideat, to«lay,
with reference to Cuban affairs. They will call again to
worrow, by appoiutinent,
EE
PiLADELPHIA, Dee. 19.—The Fourth Na.
tional Bank, in Arch-st., below Eighth, has been thrown
out by the joint action of the bank examiners and the
Clearing House. Henry Perkins has been appointed Ro
A BANK FAILURE IN PHILADELPHIA.
ceiver. The deposits amonnt to hetween £500,000 nnd
$600,000, which, it 1a haelleved, will be paid, but the
surplus and eapital stock have vanished under the mis
management of the officers. The bank was in trouble
two years ago, No funds of the City Treasurer were in
this bank, having recently been withdrawn on the now
City Treasurer taking possession. This withdrawal
probably hastened the suspension of the bank. During
the investigation of the Committes of Council it was
discovered that the bank bhnflding had becn transferred
to one of the sureties within 60 days, and the transfer 18
Lelieved to be fraudulent,
TITE PRINCE OF WALES STILL IMPROVING.
LONDON, Tuesday, Dec. 19, 1671,
The progress of the Prince of Wales toward
recovery is in all respects ratisfactory. The Queen will
remain at Windsor during the holidays, instead of going
to Osborne, as was at firet propoged. The Dike of Edin
burgh, who left last weok as soon as the Princo was de
clured out of danger, will return to Sandringham on Sat
urdav.
TIE ORLEANS PRINCES SEATED I TIE ASSTMDLY.
Parig, Tuesday, Dee, 19, 1871,
The Duke d’Amaale and Prince de Joinvillo
took thelr seats Inthe Natioual Assembly to-day. They
satin the center of thomembers of the Right, Their
appearance created no sensation in the body, A bill bas
been introduced in the Asscibly providing for the rc
lease of the Communist prisoners who held no rank.
The prisoners Billloray, Rastoul, and Henri Roclefort,
now undergoine confinement in Fort Bryard, in pursu
ance of the sentenee of the court-martial, are sick in the
infirmary at that fortification. The French Government
refuses to sell the crown-josels to private persous,
ee
THE NORTH-WEST RN DOUNDARY CASE.
LONDON, Tuesday, Dee, 19, 1871.
A special diepateh to The Echo from Derlin
savs that Minister Bancroft yesterday de-iivered to the
Emperor of Gorinany, who Yad aceepted the arbitrator
ship between Great Britain and the United States, the
memorandam of the Amer .can Government with regard
to tie North-Western boundary question,
a aan
HOSPITALITIES TO YLOMINENT PRUSSIAND,
<r Drreucerie: Tac day. Dee 19 18501.
S1. PETERSRCRG, Tacoday, Dee, 19, 1801
A number of distinguished Pruscians who
have been visite this city were te-lay escorted to the
redlway station, upon the occasion of their return Lome,
by the Erperor Alexander, the Grand Dulce Constantine,
and the Privecs of the Imperial Louse, oll of whom, asa
compliment to ther gueste, were di weed] in full Pres =i
uudform. The Russisn Academy of Sciences Lis elected
Gert, von Moltie an honorsry member,
PEE
SIE LIAVES ST, THOMAS UNDER CONVOY CF AN
AMERICAN GUNBOAT.
ar, Tuowas, ee. 14.—The steamship Florida
lett this port to-lay under the convoy of the UL 8 aun
boat Shawmut, Capt, Petter, The Spanish frigate, which
has £0 lene blockaded the Fioride, madd no attempt to
interfere with her departore,
Tha ctearoshin Florida, owned hy Fronels Darr, re
colved in the Sutamer of List year, at the port of New
York, a cargo of munitions of war, inetadieg four cannon
aula quantity of provisions and Iuwnber. The vessel
wis lib led Uy the District- Attorney of the Southern Dis
trict of New-York for attempting fo carry arms
wid munitions of war to the ingereents fn Cuba, Tae
voseol wos dc talned at the Navy-Yard for five months
B® re the case was brongh! to trial. The evidence on
the 24, however, falled to show conclusively that the
Florida was to be used as an arined vessel, and on the
Iki of January, 1571, Judge Blatchford roudcered a de
(lion that the Forida »hoall bo released, Toe Leld that
the evidence did not show that the vessel was fitted oat
asa war vessel against Cuba tat there isso law pro
bisiting the shipoent of arms and munitions of war ta
Cuba or any other coantry, and that, to constitate a vio
lation of the nent: lity laws, it is necessary that a vess:l
show!d be armed and equipped to ernise against a coun
try with which the Government of the Umted States 19
at peace, On a motion on tire part of the DistiictAt
torney for a eerbitieote of Jatin, le canse for the seize
of the vessel to protect tho seizing otticers, the Court
held that it had no power to gran! tie certificate; and
ft 2 alleged on the part of the clalnants that the Gov.
ernment is hable for damazes,
The Florida having finally sailed from this port was
eventually obliged to put ito St, Thomas, in the West
Indies, where she was blocked by Spanishwar Vessels,
the captain fearing to set sail on account of threats of
capture, which were openly made, These facts beca ne
notorious from the repeated publieations of telecriing
and letters from the West Ludic< ou the suiject. Finally,
the Government was inateed to take steps in the matters
by the announcement to tie Secretary of the Navy that
tho owner of the vessel had given peremptory orders hy
mail for the Florida to sail at all hazaras, Farther com
plications were avoided hy the Govermineuat sending
telegraphic or levs to Havana fora war vessel to proceed
to st. Thomas to escort the Florida in safety trom tue
1a! hor
tl
RESIGNATION OF TIE ONTARIO MINISTRY,
Toroxto, Ont, Dee. 19,.—On the opening of
the House to-day, after rome routine husiuc:s, the
Attorney-General stated that his Governmens, after
adverse votes, could no longer expect to carry on tie
Government success fully, aud that they had piaced thelr
resignations the hauds of the Licutenianl-Goverzor,
who bad accepted the 8 me, Tuy oniy hold office unt
their encecssors were appofutods Ae House then ad
fourncd until te-IuITYWw.
I
Mr. Grieve, M.P. for Greenock, Seol Lind,
thinks that Sir Charles Dilke, to bo consist ut, skould
relinquish his title.
I'he court-martial engazed in the fiidl of
tho assessins of M. Chaudey, a writer in the aris siecle,
has delivered judzment. Preau de Wedel is condi dd
to death, Borthicr Solpteur to ten yi ars’ hard labor, Peis
jet to ten years’ and Beun to two years’ linprisoni: al,
The opposition in the French Assembly to
the removal of the scat of Government to Paris arn avs,
11 a great measare, to be occasioned by the united cit nts
of the Legitimists and the Orfeantsts. It scems Llc)
that taany of the party divisions now existing wii be
erased, and that, in the end, there will be only three par.
ties in the Assembly—tho Moderate and Extreme Oppo
sition on the Jt, aud the supporters of the Govera
went on the Right,
According to the Angsburg Allgemeine Zi
ting, the recently reported illness of Priuco Bisa rek
was a pretext on hig part to enable him to avold taking
part in the discussions in the Rel hstag on the hill to
punish the ecclesiastics who lad made an abuse of thelr
Preaclink in the palpi), He desired to leave the weight
of the debate to M. dw Lutz, the author of the measure,
Thence bis indisposition, which is Joie diplomatic, Ho
jy to have replied to his medical man, who wished
td see Lim, No! Iam too ill to receive you."
The promoters of the recent meeting at Bol
ton, Bagland, have issued a petition to the Tome Seere
tary, which has received many glgnatures. The petition,
after detajling the circumstances attending tie meeting,
tho siotous attack by so-called loyalists, and the indiffer
ence of the horough oasial utes who were only a few
yurds away while the mob, for three-quarters of an hour,
wus seking the building— Freya that au luquiry may be
made into the conduct of the magistrates, A great deal
of wdignation is felt in the town, that, while the police
were siions enough to disperse the mob faa few wiuules,
they were beld buck by the magistrates’ orders,
On the 2d inst., in the Lower House of the
INMunganan Diet, the Minister of the Interior and tho
Mingster of Justice replied to a question respecting the
arrest and expulsion of some working mon. They re
ferred the House to the meetings of working men at
which inflammatory specches had heen delivered mani
festing hostility to the State, sud advocating the cause
of the Paris Commune. The fnvestigution made showed
that the members of the Working Men's Union in Pesth
were conuocted with the International Boclety and Parte
Commune, and sought to bring about the overthrew of
the existing form of Government fu Hungary by iu
ducing the military to break their oaths of allegiuuce,
und by occupylug open citadels, The House took the
roply of the Government into consideration,
Chiof-Justice Sir A. Cockburn has ritten a
vigorous letter to the Prime Minister and Lord Chan
cellor of Great Britain protesting sgalust the sppoint
ment of Bir Robert Collier to 8 Pulsno Judgeship in the
Court of Common Pleas on the ground that the elevation
1s to be immediately followed by the transfer of tuo lato
Attorney-General to the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council, The Lord Chief-Justice points out that,
iA an act of last session of Parliament, the
chojoe of members of the Committee was restricted
to those who were, or hud becn, Judged of the Superior
Courts of Westminster and to certali other Judges, and
he sgntends that the ons of the law was broken when
a lawyer was sent to the Common Pleas for the express
purpose of making him technically eligible for the other
appointment. Mr. Gladstone and Lord Huatlerly reserve
thelr defeuse fr® the oar of Parlawcut.
FOREIGN NEWS.

GREAT BRITAIN.
FRANCE.
GERMANY.
RUSSIA,
TIE FLORIDA AT REA.
THT NI'W DOMINION.
1A TICCN NOTI S.
ERIES DOWNFALL.
THE FISK-MANSFIELD COMPROMISE.
SCIIEME OF THE ERIE ROBBER TO ENTANGLE
BOSTON BANKERS IN I118 SCANDALOUS TRANS
ACTIONS WITH MIS3 MANSFIELD—VERY LIKE
A BLACKMAILING OPERATION,
Therumorsof ascttlement of theclaimsof Miss
Ilolen Josephine Mansfield against James Fisk, jr., by the
payment to her of the notes which she Lolds against tho
tacetions and fickle Controller of the Erle Railway, and
the dlecontinuance of the present criminal proceedings
against him, wero found on inquiry at the Opera-House
yesterday to be not strictly trae. Tho facts are given in
full below. They were obtained last night at the Frle
oMees and Opera-Iouse, where certain employéa of tho
Erie Rallway, deep in the confidence of Fisk, jr., were
boasting of the trick by which gheir master had obtained
a postponement of tho case for throe woeks of grace,”
and the subtlo manner in which he has used certain
bankers from Boston, whom ho jocosely designates as
Bold Robert Macaire and Jacques Strop.”
The famous or Infamous letters which Peter B. Bweeny
or Reoelver Tuttle aro Ine possession, but of which Miss
Mansfield and a New-York paper elaim to have certified
coples, implicate these Boston bankers, all of whom are
wealthy and well known, in the Black Friday” financial
complications, aud also In rocfal diMcultics which, if
Fisk's lotters are to he believed, aro very disreputable.
The names of these bankers could not be learned at tho
Onera House, where they are referred to by Fisk, when
he tells “the joke on them,” as Botd Robert Maealro
and Jacques Strop,” but that thoy reside at the Hub"
there i8 no doubt, and, it is asserted, aro widely known
to commercial and social circles there, Their connection
with Jay Gould, Fisk, jr., and thelr lady friends, if re
vealed, will astonish all staid and steady New-Euoglonl,
When the case was announced in Tine TRIBUNE a8 get
down peremptorily for Saturday last, these bankers, fear
ful of exposure and urged by Fisk and Jay Gould, came
to New-York and, romor gays, had an interview with
Mi 8 Mansfield which resulted in a settlement, eatisfae
tory to the lady if not to the bankers, But It was not
earviied ont ot once, owing to the fuet that Fisk insisted
neon other exactions which the Boston financiers re
fused to accede to, Finally it was agreed that if the
caso before Justice Bixhy was postponed, the cl:iins
would be settlod as previously arranged, In compliance
with this arranzement, it is suppo<ed, Miss Mausfleld
failed to appear on Saturday at Yorkville, and the caso
went over for threo weeks, Fisk, jr, prides himself on
this extension of timo as a capital ruse de guerre, and
prides himself on the admirable use to which he has put
Lis Boston victims,
The Boston bankers, assured by Fisk, jr, that they
had “three weeks’ grace” in which to settle, returned to
the “IT,” Laving eommitted themselves in writing a
note to Miss Mansfield, saving that tho sett!'cment would
be carried out ut ence, This latter story of a note having
been sent fs another of Fisk's stories, and probably une
true, as Doston bankers, unlike Boston ex-peddlera, do
not indisereetly comnuit themselves at the slightest prove
ocation to paper and fuk, The postponement in Judze
Bisby: Court will probably soon he brought to an end
under these exposures of how he was tricked and the
Covrt Insuelted, and the reandal will then eco the light,
I the event of tire tnjunction of Judge Pratt being dis
anlved hy Judee Brady, pending these negotiations and
the postponement at Yorkville, the letters of Fiok, jr,
which recount the financial tricks and social rozueries of
“Bold Robert Macaiie and Jueqaes Strop,” will be pub
TRUITT A
er l——
ANTI: URIE COMBINATIONS,
TIE AMERICAN STOCKHOLDERS  ORGANIZID—
TIE ROBBERS TO BE ATTrACKLD FROM
THREE DIFFERENT POINTS=—A LAST LFFORT
TO PREAK THE CORRUPT RING,
There are now three distinet organizations
for the avowed purpose of gecuring a change in the
management of the Erie Railroad—viz., the Heath and
Ranhael party, tho Atlantic and Great Western and
Bickles cobination, and the Anti-Ring American stock
holders, TRIPUNE readers are 2lready familiar with the
first-named, Toe TriseNe having published all that is
definitively known cencerning the second, We glve to
day a history of the tuird, or the distinctively American,
combination,
During the past three years several attempts havo
heen made to oust the pres nt wanagers of the Fric Road,
to hing them te justice, and oblige then to account for
the proceeds of the road, All of these efforts have failed,
Tho mwanazers gained their power by inereasing the
stock from £23,000,00) to $59,000,000, the stock being {issued
fn the names of brokers Identitled with thelr interests,
The bulk of this stock is still registered toa great extent
in the names of these brokers in tie office of the Com
pany. It has never been transferrod to the rightful own
ers, heeanse the Company have kept thelr transfer hook
for the use of their friends, When stock 13 left to be
transferred it 14 placed in the hands of the managers of
the road, and the hold: of the stock 18 not furnished a
certiticuto or even a receipt until the next day
or the sceond day. This makes it necessary
for the holder of stock to trust to the
Lonesty of the management or the eflicicney of
the laws of the State to recover his property in case of
ita selzure., When the representatives of the Eaglish
holders, Messrs, ITeath and Raphael, attempted to trans
for some 0,003 shares, two years ago, the managers of
the road, with the assistance of a State court, seized the
stock, aud to recover it has been the subject of expen
sive liticuden, This action has frichtened other stock.
holders,  ‘Iney have been afraid to transfer ‘their stock
from want of contidence fn the offers of thy road.
Henco the partiea fn power have kept the road In
thelr control hy votinz on this stock as it stands
on thelr hooks in the names of thelr friendly
brokers. For Instance, a man holding 100 shares
of tock in the name of these brokers fears to have ft
transferred to Lis own name, and consequently thexo
brokers ave enabled to vote upon it at every election,
The prescrt organization of American stoekholdors was
ori zinated somo Fro years ago by a lurze number of
stockholders opppsed to the present management, and
haa continued to this timo with varying success,
Recently the organization has*hown slzns of Increased
vitality, and are pushing their work with confident an
ticipation of early gnccess, A meeting was lately held
at Delinonleo’s, which was well attended, representing a
large amount: of stock, and was oulirery unanimons in
fta action. A committee was appointed to confer
with such holders of the Erie Railway Company's stock as
are opposed to she present management of the road,
This Corunittee consists of W. B. Clerk, (of the firm of
Clerk Butler, 25 Broad-st.) Reuben Manley, (of the firm
of Renben Manley Co, 84 Brondway) and A, D, Wil
liams, (of A. D. Williaa Co., 40 Wall-at.) Mr, Clerk is
President of the New-York Stock Exchange, and Messrs,
Manley and Willlams are governors of tho me and one
result of the movement will be to assure stockholders,
who have Iguein stock throngh the Stock Exchange,
that the Exchanee sympathizes with them in their emn
barrassmonts, and will doubtless leud its influcuce for
their releif,
Ax tated veatorday, the response to the call of the
Committee has been much larger than was anticipated,
and the territory represented is constantly widening as
the ndvertisement is extended, No charge or tax of any
kind will be made this Commitee to stockholders,
and it is eminently desirable that every owner of stock
who is opposed to the present management should con
fer with the Committee. While 1t would not he Ppsitent
to make known all the plana of the Committee, it Is safe
to aay that an effort will be mado at the coming seasion
of the General Assembly to repeal the Classification
act,” and, in the cuse of those roads whose directors
have classified, that their terms of office shall all
expire in six months from the date of Fopeul, and a new
election be held by order of und under the inspection of the
State officers, and some safeguard be thrown by leglisla
tive enactment around the act of transferring stock.
While this combination Is entirely distinct trom the
others, the fact that Mr, John Bwann, who representa
the English holders of the Heath and Raphael party, was
present at the recent meting of the committee, and
concurred in its action, indicates that the forces of the
two partics could readily be combined if such action
should become necessary for the cousummation of the
desired object. s.
a
ANOTHER LEGAL DEFEAT.
GOCLD'S CLAIM TO PART OF THE HEATU-RAPHAEL
STOCK SET ASIDE.
In the suit of the Erie Railway and others
against Heath and Raphael, now pending in the U, 8,
Cireult Court, petition was lately filed on behalf of
Jay Gould, claiming the ownership of 12,735 shares out
of the 60,086 shares in litigation, and asking that those
shares and certificates, to the amount of the receipts
held by Gould, be delivered to him, and that in the mean
time tho delivery of such sharce and certificates to
Heath and Raphael, or any other person, to the extent
claimed by the petitioner, be suspended until the title of
the petitioner thereto should be adjudged by the Court.
Judge Blatchford denied this petition, yosterday, in a
decision wherein, after reviewing tho case and referring
to the fact that a large number of shares have been
made over to Heath and Raphael in addition to thoso
involved in the present htigation, he rays:
It is quite Apparent that the claim of the petitioner to have deliveral
10 him certificates of stock to the extent of 12,735 shares rut of the entire
60,056 shares, but no partienlar 12,735 shares, cannot be allowed. By the
transaction of patting the certificates for the shares into the hands of
Heath and Raphael, the owrers thereof merely Spseintad Teath and
Raphsel their agents to have such stock trausferred fo, and registered in
tle names of such agents. Buch agency wae tot power conple! with
an Interest, hat was a power revocable at the will of its grantor. The
petitioner, claiming to stand fn the p'sce of original grantors of such
powers (for be does not allege that he wee sa oricinal depositor of
certifoates), claims to revoke such powers. But he ean revels
these only In respect to the identical certifca’es which such
oricfoal ‘grantors pot into the bands of Heath snd
Raphael, or in readeet to certificates zepoesenti: g in direct repiacerncut
ard succession such original certificates, and tot in respect to cet fates
which were not pat into the hands of Heath aud Raphael by graut rs of
Powers to whom receipts were issued, which the petitioner aims to own,
Ia explicitly gta‘es, in bis petit'on, that the eertifioates represented by
the reeeipta which he owns are either a part of the 60 (36 shares or
are a part of the remainder mot included in the 00,06 shares,
and that be bes no means of Alentifrine such certificates,
This Conrt can, out of the 60.056 thares which are fu ite
quay deliver certificates for shares to no other peron than Jieath ead
Raphael, on a petition of this character, in this suit, unless such per<on
show himself ‘affirmatively to be the depositor, or the assiznce’ of the
deponitor of partiealar cer'ificntes which hare been replaced by, and sre
directly represented hy partienlar certificate forming part of wueh (0058
shares. The prayer of the petition i« devied and the oiler for
the #.-pension of tLe delivery to Heath and Raphael of the 12,750 sharce

MEETING OF THE ENGLISH STOCKHOLDERS,
NO COMPROMISE WITH 1'ISK AND GOULD.
Loxpoy, Dec. 19.—A meeting of the Trie
Rallway Etockholders’ Protection Soelety was held to
day. Mr, Raphael presided, and 1a the course of sone
remarks sald the present Erie organization cannot long
anryive the fall of the twin monster, th» Tmmany Ring.
An avowed object of the Republican Legislatura of New
York is, he said, to break up the preseut management
of the Erie Railroad, Mr. Raphael warned the share.
holders againkt making any compromise whatever with
Fi~k aud Gould.
i .L
ERIE MORTGAGES ANOTIIER EXTENSIVE
FRAUD.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: In all your attacks upon the Irie
Rine I have seen no exposure of the overwhelming ras
calitiesfu the new consolidatod mortzage which John
W. Thompson, in behalt of the preferred stockbolders,
has been fighting. As Iam informed, ove provision of
that morteace was, that in ease default should at any
time be made in the payment of the Interest, or any
portion of the principal secured to be pafd by that mmort
gage, the whole sum shonld become due and pavab'e;
and the Trustees were authorized to take possession of
tho road without the ceremony of fovech «ing, ‘This sum
wiry proceeding would, of course, cut off all th common
and preferred stock, and there is no donbt that Fisk,
Gould, Tweed Co. tended thas cutting off all the
stock, Bo hat they, as owners of the bonds, wizhit own
the road. Ruch a gigantic robbery could have been
enaily conammmated 4 few onthe az, when the Ring
held full sway, but [doubt whether it can bo now, It
would be interesting for the Bar Association to flud out
what lawyer prestituted himeelf to draft anch a awin
Mire morteace, DD. Field conld hardly get an opla
fon (rom Judge Curtis fustifyiug such conduct.
Ncaw-Yorl, Dee. 19, 1871.
TWO MORE STATES IN REBELLION—AN AMERICAN
PROTECTORATE DISCUSSED.
Crry or Mexico, Dee. 11, via Havavy, Dee. 19.
—Aunarehy continues thronghout Mexico, and the com
plications increase. The States of San Luis and Guana
fuuto have pronounced in favor of Lerdo de Tejada.
Wherever a party attaing power, they act in a deapstio
manner. The attitude of Gen, Diaz's army against
tho Faderalists 13 unchangad, A column of tuo
adherents of Diaz i3 marching on Orizaba, and
Gen, Alatorre's men “10 folning Diaz.
It ia roported thera fa discorl batween Gens, Alatorre
and Rocha and betweer both of tect aed tuo Governs
ment, The Juarlsts are alavned, ant itis snpposcd iho
Government eannot outlive the present month, An
American protectorate is cecionsly dlscussed, The rood
between tie capital and Vera Ceoz is in the hands of the
Juarists, Forelgners consider the only vation for tho
country wiil he in placing it under the American flag.
THE PURI MARKETS.

PREVIOUS MISMANAGEMLST—A REFORM raoM
ISED BY THE NLW SUPERINTENDENT,
The work of improving the public markets
has been hegun by Thomas De Voe, who has been up
pointed by Controller Green to the position of Markt
fuperintendent, He made a personal inspection of Wisih
ington Market on Tuesday, and directed the removal of
the oyster--hells and garbage, which have long poisoned
the atmosphere in West and Washington-sts, A ayatemn
of blackmail had been practiced previously, by which
the proprietors of stalls were continually compelled to
pay money to prevent iho revoking of their liconses, The
law empowers the Controller to revoke licenses for cnuse,
but numerous cases have occurred where persons have
heen summarily requested tovacate therr stalls, and plaee
them in chase of others, no reason being assigned for
the act, Several wwontha ago a Washington Market
buteler, on reaching Lis atall one morning, found it in
the possession of another man, who was armed with a
permit, and who refer Ad him to Controller Connolly for
further information. The Controller told him that he
hed been charged with giving Jizht weight, and that he
must either pay $700 or relinquish the stand, The butcher
wis obliged to pay the amount in erder to retain bi
stall. A man who kept a stand fn’Clinton Market was
appolnted an Inspector of Election, and made every ef
fort to prevent ileal voting. On election day Lie wis
informed hy waaviet oflicials that he w ould suffer for his
cotton, and Lis leense was revoked soon afterward with
ont ennse, and lis efforts to regain possession Lave
proved nonavailing,
Col. De Voo reinstated on Tuesday a person who
lad been nujnstly deprived of his stall, The number of
market officers who have heen paid bythe city without
rendering service has been reduced already by Cou
troller Green, and a surtirer reduction will be made by
the new Superintendent, It fa estimated that full threo
fourths of the officimls appointed under Controller Con
nolly were unnecessary. Of six clerks appointed for one
market, only one performed any work, and the col
Tortors were on dnty only about two hours in a week.
Of the elght sweepers who received pay for work at
Ji ferson Market, oniy one actually performed the labor,
which occupied about thiee hours daily. A lurze num
ber of persons were paid foe carr) lug away garbage,
yet the markets hive been notoriously filthy, and the
work can be performed satisfactorily by a tuck smaller
(TIN
Col. De Voo 1s preparing maps, which will show thie
position of thadiltercnt markets and the situation of the
glalle, with thie name: of the proprietors an‘l the rent
paid to the ety, and Le intends 10 re-arrange the prices
according to cligtotlity, und believes that in this manner,
and by removing sluecurists, he can ake the markets
return un foereased revenue to the city. He says that
he has not iow cianmmed the law on the subject, but
if he is permitted to do so, he wiil take measures to re
move the booths that o'struct the sidowalks, Ile says
that he intewds to do all Ly Lis power to inake the markets
cleaner and Jealthice places for the people to visit, aud
to remove tracks'ers from the stalls, He has been as
puted by many stall.owners that they will willingly yay
more vent for ehicir stands if the regulations for the war
Let are carried out, and a new system carried into effect.
TYVEIT LAW IN TENNESSEE.
Memes, Tenn, Dee. 19.—Last night a man
was seen lurking around the building at Union City, iu
which the express robbers sre contined, Qu being ap
proached by policeman Kine, he started to ran, and wus
pugsugd by tho officer. The pursued turped and fired,
fnstantly killing the officer, The depot watchman joined
in the chase, and waa shot in the shoulder, The mur
derer was subsequently captured, ironed and placed un
der guard,
Before dayight this morning about 30 disgn'scd men
overpowered the guard, Killed Levi Faeriugton, an ex
press robber, and took the murderer away. The bedy
of tho latser was foun® after daylight banging to a tree.
His name was ‘Toler, from Kentuoky, I x supposed he
was connected with the express robbers, and was there
to aid them in eseaping.
TLILEGRAPILIC NOTES.
....Constork Co.'s stono foundery at Quincey,
MIL, was barued pesteriay. Loss, $35,000; insurance, $60,000,
....The British schooner E. R. Brown, from St.
Andrews, is on Riding Hocks, pear Key Wet, tobal loss. Her eaptain
ead.
....The press of Portugal show much anxiety over
the largely increased emigration of worhwen 0 the Lailed Bates, and
recomwend remedial measures,
....Allen (o's shoody-mill, in Wakefield, Maas,
was destroved hy fire on Moadsy night. 14 wee insured for ©1300,
which probably covers the wes
....The Saltan and the Khedive of Egypt have re
fased to purchase the Furs Canal, 48d M, de Lesseps jo now applying te
other Governments to cfect sale.
’...Hathaway Simpeon’s block, in Deposit, N,
Y., was burned yestentsr. The bulliings la the vieinity were saved by
the exertions of tbe citisens. K@se estimated at $90,000.
....Horaee Npragne ing at White's Cormers,
Rrie Co., N. cut H nme, foslding rasor, asl crashed his wife's
skull with an ax, early yesterday morning.  Bjprague made bis escape
....8mall-pox ison the ine in Chicago City.
It is mostly among the emigrants, and its road is owlug to the fact that
the Boanl of Health Gnd it impossible to keep*this clase of cases under
sauilary control.
i. The number of the students in the College of
i since srman
bo city; and fo the College at almar the sabes me io Svpion
from $0U to 60, of whom 4d are Germasa
....An express train from Boston ran off the track
yesterday morning, between Newport sii Rast Newport, Me., leaving
ouly the Pullman car on the track. A train was scat from Baagor to
bo Apel Ne one oa the tralu was Injured,
MEXICO,
TROUBLES OF THE RING.
THE GRAND JURY THREATENING THE DIS
HONEST TAX-PAYERS.

The announcement, in yesterday's TRIBUNE,
that the Grand Jury were reported to bo engaged in
examining into the alleged frauds in the Tax Com
wnissioners’ Ofoe created a protound sensation. Many
persons for whom tho unknown has the groatest terror
were mado pafnfully nervous hy the brief statement of
the rumor; while many more, suspecting wrong-doing
on the part of their neighbors, started reports that
prowinent merchants and property-owners had already
been indicted. It was stated that the frauds wero
committed in tho most fagrant manner, and that
testimony was to be had in plenty and witnesses ia
troops. Rumor also had It, according to an afternoon
paper, “that prominent genticmen who wero conspiciu
ous In whitewashing the late Controller have been cx
empt from personal taxation, and have becn indirectly
engaged in defrauding tho city. It was asserted by
parties who elalm to know that the Grand Jury made an
order for the Personal Tax Book, which has herctofore
been held sacred, und that it was produeed before the
body, causing some considerable fexcitement.” Mach of
this proved, on inquiry, to bo the natural exaggeration
which such stories receive in the course of eireulation.
Nathaniel Sands of the Tax Commissioner's office
called at Tag TRIRUNE offics yesterday to deny that any
investigation wus going on in his department, and
claimed that the report referred to the investigation into
the office of the Cominisslouer of Assessments, which
The Timez published as having been made by Controller
Green. The reporter of Tue TRMUNE obtained the
statements published from responsible sources, and has
no doubt of the truth of the statement, though until the
jury choose to divulge their operations no one can be
positive of the precise nature, extent, or results of tho
inquiry making. But it is certain that the Tax Commis.
sloner’s, and not tho Assessment Commissioner’s, office
is tho one referred to. Another TRIBUNE reporter was
authorized to say that the investigation pub
lished in The ZIimes as having been made by
Coutroller Green was not made by Lis or
der or under bis direction, It was understood that tho
article in The Times, which was sent to THE TRIBUNE in
priated form but crowded out Ly advertisements, was
compiled by a gentleman wholly disconnected with tho
Finance Department, and Mr. Green knew nothing of
any iutention to publish it, 1Itis a startling exposure,
but has no beariug whatever ou the subject of tho Orand
Jury investigations into the tax frauds, by which iufla
cntial property-owners #scape and poor ones are taxod
all the more heavily, Itis perhaps just to Mr, Sands to
ray that subsequent to his visit, during which he ealied
attention to the investization to Mr, Starkweathe:r's
department, he sent a gentieman from Lis office to dis
clan any intention of charging frauds in that depart

A TrievNEe reporter was informed, yesterday,
on zood authority, that Mr, Keyser had announced his
willingneas to testify before the Grand Jury as to frauds
committed by Mr, Tweed other than those already
charged acainst him, It was also stated that Mr. Keyser
accused Mr. Tweed directly of Laving obtalned money
on Lis (Keyser’s) fraudulently increased bills, and that
an aflidavit, embodying tho particulars of the transao
tions, was drawn up yesterday, so that it might bo sub
mitted to the Grand Jury. Another afilavit, it isgald,
wna n'so drawn up, and signed hy a lady acquainted
with the transactions, aud it was declared that tiesd
two affldavits waild enable the Grand Jury to flud
another fudictment agzainat Mr. Tweed.
rr P———
There were filed, ye terday, in the County
Clerk’s office at Albany, the afidavits of Wheeler H,
Peckham and John A. Btonchtenbnrgh, setting forth
that Wm, M. Twe~d has been disposing of his property
in New-York, including a bouse near Fort Washington, his
stohles on Thirty-niuth-st,, Lia yacht, his residence at
Fifth-nve, and Fouvty-third-st,, ete, for prices much be
low thelr real value, for the nurvose of evading the jul g
ment to be rendefed in the action brought agalost hin
Uy the people. No new action, how ever, was propused,
———et.
AL Wd CAPCLILRE LAIR BHU 28Dim TIE 30048 U8
James M. Eweeny as Clerk of the Superior Court, re
coived nn €aturdey, would be followed by his resignar
tion as Deputy Chamberlain. Yesterday a TRIBUNE re
porter czlled on Chamberlain Bradley who, in response
to the question, Has Mr, James M.8weeny resigned 1”
answered, There are no vacancles in this Department.”
Mr. Bradley’s answer 13 probably explained by Con
troller Green’s order that all moneys recelved by the
City Chamberlain should be accounted for to the Con
troller, and that the employs of the Chamberiain’s
office should be paid through the Controller’s office. Mr,
Sweeny as Deputy Chamberlain was paid by the Cham
berlain from the receipts of bis office, and Mr, Green's
order therefore dismissed Lim, so that a resiguation was
not needed, nor was any vacaucy created, a Deputy
Chamberlain not belug legally provided for.
tl
The sealed package sent in by the Grand
Jury to the Court of General Ses:dons on Monday after.
noon was supposea to contain in lictm-uts of prominent
citizens, whose arrests were expected yesterday. No
arrests were made, however, and when Sheriff Brennan
lett his office, at 4 o'clock, he announced that he had not
received any warrants, and that no farther arrests woull
be made duriug the day by his officers, At 3 o'clock in
the afternoon the Grand Jury adjourned until Friday
mernmg, having prescuted no indictments during the

av.
The counsel for the people in the suits against Tweed
and Connolly have received oflicial notice of the redice
tion of Mr. Connolly's bail, but the Sheriff having as yet
received no official order in the matter, Mr. Connolly
Las Lad no opportunity of offering boudswen.

THE REMOVAL OF TWEED AND HALL DE
MANDI D.
The Committee of Seventy unanimousty
adopted the following resolutious last night:
Resolved, That this Committee hns not chanced its
views, heretofore expressed, coneernlng the necessity ot
the immediate resignation or speedy removal of A, Oakey
Hall and William M. Tweed from the offices which they
have disgraced and still hold. That this Committee has
not, either directly or indireetly, entered into or sanc
tioned any compromise, arrangement, or understandin
whatever, whereby these men should be retained or tole
erated in office for any length of tine, however short,
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this Committee, the
Public character and interests of the City and State of
New-York urgently demand that the seats of the present
fneumbents of the office of Mayor and edb ds of
Public Works of said eity be vacated without delay,
Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolutions, and
of the resolutions passed on the 22th day of November,
1871, duly anthenticated by the Chairman and Secretary
of this Committee, bo transmitted to the Senators and
Members of Asselubly recepuy elected {rom this city to
promote the cause of tinanciul and municipal veform
aud thai they are hereby requested to give eficet w said
resolutions by appropriate legisiagion, 4
The Committee alo took measures to furnish members
“of the Legislature with tho uccbssary proofs of the
frauds committed und conuived at by the four leaders of
the Thmumany Ring.

THE FSCAPED VOUCIIER THIEVES,
John Heenan, the ex-pugilist, Edward
Damphy, and William II, Cook, having, 18 1s said, been
implicated in the stealing of the vouchers from she Con
troller’s Office, and fearing that indictments” might be
found against them, have all left the city. 8odn after
the voucher theft it was whispered that Cook kad been
sstrumental in executing $he robbery, and that
Dumphy, one of Cook's intimates, had alded him by
foreing open the door of the Controller's Office, Dumphy
a expert vita, fing Dae twice heen convieted of
mes, For lareeny from the person he serv: WO years
in the State Prison, and for burglary rod tera served
two years and &ix mouths in the an institution, He
was an active Tummany repeater, ani was well known
in she Eighth Ward, whence on election day he used to
take bjs repeaters to other Wards,
eal
JUDGE BEDFOBD'S $5,500—AN EXPLANATION,
Judge Bedford, inan officigl letter, freely admits
the truth of the charge in 2Ae Temes of yesterday, that
there was a claim of $5,600 andited by the Board of Audit
ond awarded to him for k'Ral services while Assistant
District-Attornoy, in the years 1365 to 1888. Ho then ex
1ains that the Logilature awarded similar sum
Similar services LE ohert C. Hutchings, who was the
other Assistant District: Attorney at Lat tides and tha
belloving himaglt squally entitled to an inorease of
salary for pa ry bea, he accepted the warrant for
$5,500, obtafued for him by Mr. Hutchings and District.
orn Hall. This he regards as a foal and lowi
wate Payment. PA inelawiul and manner,”
oid bo yr own heart and conscience that In this tranasetion I be no
souse or manner sci! frandulently, 1 dueire Wop the Grand Jury at cneo
fully investigate this matter without fear or favor, believing that if ey
will do #0, my Bouoe will be promptly and speodily viadicetels
KIEVAEFR ACCUSING TWEED.
T™TITID SFLLING HTIS PROYERTY.
JAMES M. SWEENY OUSTED.
YO MORE ARRESTS,