TIi RAND DUKE.
i>
a

REVIEW OF A FIRE BRIGADE.
OLUTIONS OF THE FIREMEN IN TOMPK.N
SVAN aR NTI AN ere
BY IMAGINARY FIRE.
The Grand Duke reviewed a Brigade »f the
Now-York Fire Departent at Tompkina square y ester
day afternoon. The 6,000 spectators who attended were
Kept outside of a rope placed around the square 2 short
distance inside the fence. In a acmi-cirele inside of the
rope the vrigade, comprising three battalions, was ar
ranged aa follows, under the command of Cuiel-Luginoer
Joseph Tn Perley:
PRAT DATTALION-Enrinerr Orr.—Fngine No. 2, Capt.
fash; Engine No. 17, Capt. Miller; Engine Noose, Cant.
Walsh; Engine No. 81, Capt. Hayes; Hovk and Laddor
No. b. Capt. Van Orden.
SECOND BATTALION—Engineer Shay.—Eneine No. 8,
Capt. 8haw Engine No. 13, Capt. Vilncker; Engine No.
15, Capt, Griftiths; Engine No. 1¢, Capt. Wolf; ook aud
A No.9. Capt, Ree.
LaRD FArTATION- Engineer fultivan.—FEngine No. 1,
Capt. Poynton; Engine No. 14, Capt. Erb; Engine No.
18, apt. McDonald; Engine No. 26, Capt, MedNet; Hook
Ladder No. 10, Capt. Wilhelm.
RS /mgtne was accompanied by a hoso-vart. The
Yt of i.remen in line, including officers, was 180,
Nas th Tpment band occupied the musicians’
wiock the Grand Duke arrived, in citi
stand. At 1 o'clock t HP
gen’s dross, and was gv tod mish a Russian air by the
pend. He was accompanied by Mmnlstar Catacazy, Gen.
McDowell, Gen. Shaler, president Hitehman, Marsbal
MeBpedon, Commissioners Blair, Hennesay, and Galway,
and others of the Department. The party alighted from
their carriages, and passed sronud the entire circle of
the fnclosure, between the spectators and the
brigade. President Hitehman walked beside the {Grand
Puke, and the other ~antlemen followed hy twos, After
completing the circuit, the party proceeded to a review
ing stand erected on the south side of the square for the
occaefon. The compnuies then marched past the grand
and, each officer saluting the Grand Duke, who re
turned the salute by waving nia hat and bowing. The
fremen of each coropany mached in front of their re
spective engines. Clict Engineer Perley then gave the
order Form for trot,” and the men took up positions at
.¢he aides of the engines, making a circuit with the horses
on a brisk trot, Then tLe order was given, “Form for
pan.” The men mounted the engines and ladder and hose
trucks, and the horses eet off at 2 gallop. These evolntions
seemed to please the Grand Duke, who frequently ex
pressed his gratiticatton to President Hitchman and
others who stood near liu, He remarked that he had
seen Alilar engines in SL Petersburg, hut thought the
New-York firemen much better drilled than those in
Russia. At the conclusion of the march the officers of
the several compauics were formed in line, and, beaded
by Chief Bogineer Perley, marched up to the stand,
when the Prince shook hounds w 1th each.
At 2 o'clock the Grand Duke deft the square and went
to the Clarendon Hotel, while the variens comp nies of
the Fire Brigide resurned to their respective houses,
When the Grand Dake reached the hotel, he was re
guested to witness the manner in which fires are extin
guished. President Hitohran reinarked, We will sup
pose the Everett House is berning, aud mocked ire
slarm sienal box No. 2c), at the corner of Fourth-ave.
and Lighteenth-st. The Grad Duke pulled the hook
snd then took a position on che of the bal
roniea of the Clarendon Hotel. Among the spec
{ators om the bideony wis Mis Nilsson,
{0 two minvtes cud 55 seconds Engine Company No. 20
arrived and Lad two streams playing on the Everett
Hone. Four other engines—Nos. 10, 13, a3, nnd s5--ond
uook and lndder companies Nos. 9, 7 and 12 also piljlonred
woudl dine, Aller the supp sed burning busiding had
Ween deluged with water, the order was ven to ff tuke
ap,” and the exlubition was Ovir, Tue Grand Duke
hen rete od to Mis apartments, and wis allowed a few
Gourd rest preparatory to attending the ball in the
SVLLUK
JR—
THE GRAND PALL AT THE NAVY-YARD.
The ball at the Navy-Yard last night was
weld in the lures equipment building, opposite the Admi
sal's office. The eaii-loat in the upper story, about 200
est mn Jength by  €0 in width, had teen
pandsomcly fitted up as a ballroom, while ad
aceut rooms were used for promenading, and
t+ cloak and anfe-rooma, In the ballroom
he decorations were simple but tasteful, the national
fags of Kissia aud America being alternately draped on
sue side of the room, and those of various nationdlitics
yo the other, The ceiling was decorated with rosettes of
ihe American colors, the blue and stars foruing the
wuter-picce, with the stripes radiating onward, Ap
aropriate ornaments, in the way of ators of cathisses
aud bavonets, brass guns, and models of yeasts adorned
Me walls, and the whole scence was both brillant and
2otizhtfnl.
Tae Grand Dake, who had been anxionsly awaitod,
rived at about 105 o'clock, accompanied by M. and
Mie. Catacazy. He was immediately conducted to the
1414 in the center of the great hall, where he was intio
tuced to Admiral and Mis, Stewart, and took lus stand
with M. and Mme. Catacazy to receive the compliments
of a larce number of the guests, who were in torn
ought up and introduced by the coef ofticers of the
Yard. The Grand Duke thins made the tour of the room
with Mr~. Smith, wife of the Adinira!, and this coramony
over, duneing began,
At mi Laght supper, which had been set ina loree ad
'oining room, was announced wud the great throng
i guests were goon busy at work discussing
be dantics which the taste and care of the
gentlew nn of the Navy-Yard had so abundantly pro
vided, The scene here and in the danciug hall
was brilliant in tle extreme, the charming
toilettes of 80 many of the handsome New-York and
Brook!yn belles, contrasting picturesquely with the
sveniug costulnes of the genticinen and the rich uniform
of the American and Ras<ian officers. In the throng
were many literary or gocinl celebrities well known both
in Brooklyn and on the New-York glide of the water,
Sut the lato hour at wlich we are forced to write renders
any enumeration fmpossible. AS s00n a8 RUPPET Was
curly over for the majority of the guests, a steady stream
of people began to set toward the cloak-rooms, and
a+ we left the hall, at about 1 o'clock, the
tila wa: decidedly tending homeward, All, however,
bal ample opportunity to see and be charmed with the
suzulatly manly features and kindly manner of our
young guest, He 18 not only handsome but he looks like
2 “wood fellow,” and no one can wonder if many
feminine hearts beat painfullv under their festul gaze
gard silks at the thought that the graceful ind pleasant
fang tual is uot open to the tej tation of their sinlies.
tl
THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC BALL.
Mr. Bierstadt and the other artists decora
ting the Academy of Music for to-night have worked
gery diligently during the past week. An artist was
busy yesterday putting the fiuishing touches upon the
figures representing the genius of America and the
zenins of Russia shaking hands. The work was to be
soutinued all last might; to-day the decorations will he
arad in nacition and before to-nivht all the arranges
Mr. Bierstadt and the other artists decora
ting the Academy of Music for to-night have worked
gery diligently during the past week. An artist was
busy yesterday putting the fluishing touches upon the
figures representing the genius of America and the
zenins of Russia shaking hands. The work was to be
soutinued all last might; to-day the decorations will be
paced ip position, and before to-night all the arrange
ments will be completed,
KR. MeCallongh has been selected to provide the han
quet. The table for the Grand Duke and a sclect com
any will be elevated on a dais at the head of the supper.
=aom. A complete set of the finest table linen has been
nurchased for the occasion, and a new service of silver
sf elaborate and unigue pattern has been provided. Tne
2lans ware ia linported, and beautifully engraved. The
table will be tastefully arranged with a profusion of
thoien and natural flowers, The ornamental con
tectionery and other designs on the table will include
two temples of the Czar Alexander; two monuments of
Washington, with cupids and American flags on top two
fmperial va<es of Charlotte Russe, surrounded with
Fuss.an eagles and flags; two imperial Meringnes, with
American os le and flags of both nations and two ships
of war, wade o, Nongat and span sugar. Tae Lill of fure
will he printe fu French and English, ie gold letters, on

s————
THE TIHANKSGIVING SERVICES,
The Rev. Father Djerring, Priest of the
Greek Chapel on Second-ave., Las issued a very limited
aumber of invitations to persons not members of Lis
church, to attend Thanksgiving services in the chapel.
The Grund Duke and his entire suite with several officers
of the Russian fleet will be nreseznt. The services will
bo of special character appropriate to the day. In the
prayer Father Bjerring will return thanks for the health
and =afety of the Grand Duke, for the prosperity of the
Russian and American nations, and for other blessings.
FUTURE MOVEMENTS OF THE GRAND DUKE.
The programme of the Grand Ducal party,

80 far as now arranged, is us follows
The reminder of the present week will he devoted to
the grand ball and other engagements in this city.
On Bundy evening the Luperial party will leave for
Philadelphia, as already aunouner The Academy of
Music in Philadelptoa has heen engaged for the hall in
the evening. Tue subscriptions are $50 cach, entithing
the holder to admi<ston to the banquet, to the breakfast
&t the Belmont, aud to the Lali, With one lady's ticket.
Tuesday, Dee. 6 Return to New York.
Thursday, Dec. 7—lauve for Bostow fn the morning,
eto plug at Brideeport tree and Bpriugticid two hors,
yg ving at Boston alont 10 Pom The Grand Duke
will have AYertwents At the Revers House, The pro
Klaine for his euteltaluinent 13 Boston is not vet com
pleted, but a visit to the Nuvy-Yard, Low “ll, Catnbridge
aud the musical exhibition by the schoo) Cuildren, will
be included.
Monday, Dec. 11—-Y eave Boston for Montrixl by a train
of elegant paluce-cars, teudered by the Puiliun Cone
pany. The route Ly which Montreal will Le reached is
rot yet decided upon.
Tuesday, Dec. ph Spent fo Montreal,
Wednesday, Dee, 16. ~The party will proceed to, (Mtgwn,
where the Grand Duke will pay bis respects to (he
Governor-General,
Toursday, Dec. 14.~Go from Ottawa to Niagara Falls
Oy the Grand Trunk Jail wy. 1
Comvlimoutary trod Dave Leen forni Led 10 tha ort
‘he railroad companies botwoen here and Wash
he ae offered 4 the Pennsylvania Central fngeon,
ot be, v and by the roads between this oity lly Boston
pa
THE DUCES IMAGINARY ASSASSINS.
v n
FICTIONS OF HIRE." PETECTIVES—INVESTIGATION
OF THE CITARGES AGAINST CAPTAINS CAM
ELON AND BURDEN— 'RIEVANCES OF A COM
MITTEEMAN.,
Prior to the artival of the Grana ke, Min
Aer Catacaezy, apprehending violence from disanected
Poles, engaged detectives of Plnkerton's Agency fo
watch the movements of prominent Poles in this city.
Nearly all of the 8,000 Poles residing in this eity belong
to onc of four socletion, A fifth eocicty, casentlally se
eret in it: ‘rganization, is composed of 15 delegates from
other socleties, The detectives claim that several months
ago they knew of the bitter feoling existing, and the pos
sibility of an attempt {o assassinate the Grand Duke on
Lis arrival, but they admit that the more decent mem
bers of the organization bitterly opposed this action.
The detectives claim that the project was fully canvassod
by the more violent members, and that they even hinted
that It was lucky for Ruesia that the heir to tho throno
did not visit the United States. Every precaution has
been taken since the arrival of the Grand Duke to pre
veut anv such attempt. When he landed three detectives
guarded him; at the sercnade on Tuesday night they
were near at hand; and they are now quartered at the
Clarendon Hotel. When bho went to Washing
ton be was accompanied by the three guar
diane, the scene of whose duty will soon bo shifted to
Philadelphia and Boston. The detectives seem to fancy
that danger lurks whorever he journeys, and will con
tinue to shield Lim from peril until hie shall reémbark for
Russia.
With reference to the rumors of an assassination plot
®0 indnatrionsly cirenlated by the private detectives
who guard the person of the Grand Duke, Superintend
ent Kelso says that he haa received no intimation of any
such plot, and that he thinks that the rumors originated
with those who are handsomely to guard the person
of the Grand Duke from imaginary aranssing,
The investigation of the complaints wade against
Capts. Heury Burden of the Twenty-ninth Precinct and
"John Cameron of the Eighteenth Precinct, hy
persons who consider themselves ngerieved
by the action of those officers on the occa
‘sion of the reception of the Grand Duke,
"was held vesterday by Commissioner Bosworth.
Menry Schroeder of No. 211 Fourth-ave., adjoinine the
Clarendon Hotel, claimed that, on the occasion of the
serenade to the Grand Duke given by the Ninth Regl
ment Band, he and eight friends were on the upper step
of the broad stoop of his house, the party, with the ex
ception of two boarders at the Clarendon ITotel, being
members of his own household. Capt. Cameron ascended
the stoop and ordered Schroeder to stand back, aud, when
told that he had aright to remam there, pushed him
back, and required the others to go inside. Two police
men were stationed to prevent the return of the party.
Capt. Came ren testified that, on the evening in question,
Detective Bead attached to a private ageucy, called
his attention to 8 hiroeder ond his friends, and said that
the Grand Duke and Minister Catacazy were nervous
about them, having received iuforwation which lea
them to believe that an attempt might he made on the
Life of the Grand Duke. Capt.Cameron then told Sehroedor
that he and Las friends must leave the stoop. Behroeder
replied that he was the pre prictor of the house, and the
others were his friends, and that they had a night to re
main there, The Captatu informed him that under cer
tain cirenmstances, in case of a riot, or even in the pres
ent case, be felt justitied in ordering him to leave the
stoop. He therefare compelled Reliroeder and Lis friends
to go in, and placed two officers on guard, In justitica
tion of his cowrse, Capt. Caineron prescuted the follow
ing letter:
New York Nov, 27 10)
To the Tom Joseyn 8. Bosworth, mn snr of Loara of Lol.es,
New-York City.

Sik: At the request of the NMassian Minister, Count Catacazy, 1 called
Capt. Cemeron's attention to the num! er of men on stoop No. 211 Fourth
ave.. ou the occasion of the perensde to the Grand Dake Aleas on the
21+ inst... saving to him that the Minister and the Grand Duke wers very
nervous shout it and asked bon if ther could not be removed further
av av, as their position was po nesr to where the Grand Dike world Le
ob higed to siend when he care out on the paleo, SCTE SCANLON,
Of Pinkerton's Detect ve Agenes, and specially detailed as escort to Qe
Groud Dune Al xis.
Patrolman Meagher of the Fichteeanth Precinct test)
fled that he saw Schroeder peddling tickets of admission
to his stoop at each, Sergeant Rooney testified that
the crowd in the vicinity was ai=orderly. Mr, Schroeder
dended that be was a Pole, and ndiculed (he dea toat be
or Lis fr ends were in any manner connected with an as
saseination plot. Both Mr, Behroedor and Capt. Cam
cron Juices d to be satistied with the case as prescuted,
and it wae referred to the full Board.
The complaint of Ames Van Wart of No, 157 Fifth-ave,,
one ot the Reception Comuitiee, slleged that winle the
procession was passing the platform in front of the
Lverctt Honse, he noticed several persons occupying the
trout seats who neither held tickets nor were members of
the Cowmittee. Several persons climbed the stand,
where tue complainant and ladies were seated, and
crowded Aga them, causing the od og to shake
violentiv. Mr, Van Wart asked Capt. Burden to send a
policeman to prevent the crowd from climbing
upon the platform, Capt. Burden asked if the crowd
was disorderly, and, Hy told that it was not, replied
that people had a right to see what was passing, Con
strulng this asa refusal to render assistance, Mr. Van
Wart replied “1 think it suflicient that a policeman’s
family should occapy the tront seats, and common tel
JoWs 1ext me, none of whom bave any night there.”
Capt. Burden replied “Now, my man, you cast a slur
upon the police, and I eonsider you no gentleman, and
I shall do nothing for you,” Mr. Van Wart replied that
“thit wus rather strong language,” and Capt. Burden
repeated bis offensive remark. Capt. Burden admitted
the truth of the allegation, and nrged fn extennation the
provocation which he had received, He was reprimanded
by Cututuissioner Bosworth.
a os
The English artists under Mr. Dolby's dirce
yon were greeted with an excellent house on their ro
turn to New-York, last evening, and the frequent ap
plause bestowed upon their efforts proved that the en
tertainment they offered was well adapted to the taste
of our public. Mr. Bantley gave a better exhibition of
kis powers as a lyric artist than we have had before, All
his gelections, except “The Stirrup Cup,” which he
"chose as an encore piece, were of an operatic character.
The romanza, O Lishona,” from Donizett1's Don Se
pastian,” was a8 beautiful example of the pure cantabilo
style; the scena from “Zampa "—an opera whose suc
cess not long ago in Loudon was made ahnost entirely
by Mr. Santley—was more dramatic and varied; and
the lvely barcarole, “Sulla poppa del mio Mik,”
from PRicei's  “Prigione  d'Edimburgo,” showed
him in a rattling, half-humorous gort of music, to which
his bright aud hearty voice seems perfectly adapted.
Then he shared in the “Chi mi frena” quartette from
“Lucia” and the “Un di af ben rammentomi” from
“Rigoletto.” We have not yet heard Mr. Santley do any
thing of which we could mot say that it was done ad:
mirably. His éinging last night has probably gone far
to increase bis popularity and to intensify the publio re
gret that £0 noble a singer cannot be heard on the stage
of the Academy of Music; butdiscerning musicians were
prepared for this new development of his abilities, since
they had already recognized him as one of the most
genuine artists New-York bas c¢ver had an op
portunity of hearing. Miss Wynne was suffer
ing last night from a cold. An apology wus
offered for her (though it was barely nceessary), and she
omitted one of her #olog, a ballad of Balfe's; but she’
sang the well known scena and prayer from Der Frey
echiitz” very well, and bore her part beavely in the
quartettes and glecs. Madame Putey eecimned to us to
surpass her previous achievements, She chose Hullah's
“The Storm,” with Home, Sweet Home" for a recall,
and the Quando a te leta’” from Gounod’s Faust.”
This heantiful romanza, which i8 quite new to American
audiences, was added to the opera by Gonrod expressly
for Madan Didi6ée, who took the part of Sibel, when the
work was performed in London about 1863. It occurs in
a scene between Margherita and Sibel at the beginning
of the Fourth Act, and previous to the Boldicrs’
Chorus, the whole scene having always been omitted
in American representations of the work, It certainly
deserves to be retained. Mr. Cammings's share in the
entertainment consisted of Becthoven's Adelaide,” to
which he lent a truthful and tender expression, and the
too familiar song, Thou art so near and yet so far.”
Mr. Patey gave u good rendoring of the amusing air,
“1'!h a roamer,” from Mendelssohn's operetta “Son and
Stranger Heim kehr aus der Fremde”); and Mr.
Lindsay Sloper, is usual, presided at the plano. There
were two English glees—both of them gems. The first
war Knyvett's “O my love's like the red, red rose,’ the
other br. Caleott's Once upon my cheek.” They were
sung with exquikite delicacy, Kp¥eetvn pretty composi
tion (specially getting rare good treatment.
An cffort was made last Winter to arrange
a Congress of Chess Players in this city, similar to that
of 12 years ago which brought into prominence Morphy
Paulssen, and other American players of distinction, but
owing maiuly wa lack of barwony swong chess clubs
the Sujet was dropped. A Chess Congress will be
opened fn Cleveland on December 6, with the object of
reviving interest in the gate, and will conte in ses
gon until December 16. Tue Committee Lis arranged a
CLess Tournament, to be governed by the following
rules:
Players will be divided into two classes: First Clasa—Pirst prize, each,
$100; second Prize, cach, $20; third pmse, cash, $40; fourth pnze,
caali, $30.
Becond Class—Fimt prise, cash, $50; second prize, cash, $25; third
prize, cask #15; fourth prize, cash. $10,
A time lhnit of 12 moves to the hour will be enforced the time gained
on any move to be hd 11) d on subsequent moves in the same gsiue, al the
option of the gainer; If Loth players repeat the same wove or series of
moves five times iu succession, sither player may declare the game a
draw. Each plaver in the first-class shall corteat two wou gues with
cach of his cowpetitors fu that flase, unless the entries Are su Lumerons
that in the juliarnt of the Joint committee that vumter would urdaly
prolong the mee ta Tu the second class each player shall contest one
wou game with cach player iu that lusa
There will also be a problew tournament in which a
prize of $15 will be piven for the bet seta of two, three,
and four move Poh emi. One olject of the Conorees
will be the establishment of au Acie mn Chess Ascncia
thon, wideh shall hood regnlur amnial lWdinainel. au tho
ilueina) eittes of thie Union,
MUSIC.
ee
Tie DOLRY CONCERTS,
THE WESTERN CHESS CONGRESS,
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29. 1871
I AN THI C Ae
MEETING OF THE LEGISLATURE~THE GOVERNOR'S
MESSAGR—TIIE STATE FINANCES.
\4
CnARLESTON, Nov. 28.—The General Assembly
met at Columbia to-day, when Gov. Beott's MeRSARe WAS
read. The Governor states the whole public debt to be
371.994,908, which statement ho knows, from a severe por
sonal scriiting, to be correct, nothing being suppressed.
100 argues that the @eproclation of the State credit 1s
due te tho persistent throats of repudiation mado by in
dividuals aud the pross for political purposes, without
which the debt would not execed $10,000,000. He 18 confi
dent that the State will pay all her obligations. He
recommends that the Legislatars prohibit the borrowing
of money or the contracting of a debt to meet current
expenses. He condernns the extra sesstons of the Leuls
lature, without which the attacks ef the opposition
could not be successful, He urges she De oat to
make the session short and economical, aud recommends
that a fixed salary, insiead of a per diem be given to
members of the Legislature, and that numerous offices
be abolished; that the salaries of all officials, except
Judges, be reduced one-third; that the tax on real estate
lessened that a lcense system be adopted, and that
rice, cottou, aud rallrond tunnage be taxed; that bonds
of the State be taken at par, in payment of fana bought
at tax salos, on the title being warranted by the State
that public lands, Lo the value of $61,000,00), be sold, ind
the State bonds takon iu payment.
He reviews at length the eauses which led him to ask
the suspension of the habeas corpus, as under the
Ku-Khix law he claims that conefliation proved nseless,
and tho courts wonid not acs, and that the whites mik
took magnanimity for weakness, Ho declined to call out
the militin because it consisted of negroes, who would
have been slaughtered and people led to believe that tho
conflict was between negroes and whites, instead of be
tween friends of the Government and its enemios, As
Inte a8 last Spring muny prominent citizens promised
him their cooperation in the suppression of
Ku-Klaxism, but they effected nothing, and
civil power being exhansted, the Governor
applied to the National Government to protect the State
against domestic violence. He approves of the princi
ple of a minority representation, and advises changes in
the Election law, 80 us to provent fraud, and urges tho
Legislature to avoid all unnecessary appropriations, and
believes the Legislature will so hl as i” prove that Re
pubiicanism and good Government in South Carolina ure
vot, us is falsely alleged, inconsistent with each other.
‘Lhe message was wade uo special order for Monday next.
rr
MUNICITAL ELECTION IN PORTSMO
MUNICIPAL ELECTION IN PORTSMOUTI.
PortsaouTit, N. H., Nov. 28.—The city elec
tion to-day resulted in a Republican victory. Horton D.
Willer was elected Mayor by 528 majority in a vote of
1,734. There 18 a great Republican gain over last Spring.
fix Depublicans and two Democrats wero elected Al
dere.
a a.
NTEW-YONK LELLCTION FRAUDS.
THRLE MORE INSPECTORS SURRENDER TIIEM
SELVES AND GIVE BAIL.
Three more Election Inspectors of the IVth
Assembly District, Michael H. Whalen, President of the
E. J. Shandley Association, James Day of No. 171 Madi
son-8t., and Bernard C. Ryan of No. 167 East Broadway,
appearedjin the Yorkville Police Court yesterday, and
gave bail in $2,000 each to appear when wanted and an
ewer charges of violating the election laws, Whalen
was charged by George Kearns of No, 3 Pike-st, with
having, in conjunction with Day, in the Xth Election
District, allowed Michael Purcell to vote twice within
five minutes,
J
TH! ALDERMANIC CONTEST.
JUDGE BRADY DECLINES TO QUASH TIE CON
OVER MANDAMUS,
Judie Brady settled, yesterday, the final order
in the mandamus case of Daniel D. Conover against the
Board of Connty Canvassers, compelling them to count the
vote for Aldermen. Counsel for the Board, Wm. A. Beach,
stated that the Board had obeyed the mandamms, and
had alao acreed upon a form of order. Connsel for the
relator objected to certain affidavits which Mr. Beaci de
sired to attach to the record, Mr. Clinton said
These affidavits, we claim, are totally irrelevant, Ono
of them states that this contest will cost the city millions
of dollars, It is perfectly frivolous, and has not the re
motest bearing on this motion, Another affidavit
states Mr, Hardy's construction of the law. All that is
for the Conrt to determine. ‘There is just one fact ap
pearing in Mr, Hardy's affidavit which itis proper shoul
appear, and which we have no objection to, and that is
that the Secretary of State made no provision for the
election of officers. That is the only regular fact which
cab have any bearing upon this wotion.
The order was finally settled, recognizing these objec
tions, It is understood that the parties propose to go to
the Court of Appeals, if possible, next January, so that
the two conflicting Boards nay, unless technical ohjee
tions prevent, find at once which of the Boards is entitled
to act. The following is the order:
A reremptory mandamns having been fssmed er parte by the Hon.
George G, Bariard, one of the Justices of the Supreme Court, sitt ng at a
Knee a] Term, dated Novewher, 1871. said or lor being foanded nnon an
eflilavit of the relator herein dated on witd day, and the [eapusiests lar.
jug duly appesred .u obedience to anid writ Yelore the lon, John KR.
Lizadv, one of the Jastices of this Cant by Willan A. Beael, cour sel
for the«e respondents, and Richard O'Gonnen, counsel for the Corpora:
tion, amd the relator Also appearing before sald Justice ‘4 Ahrabiam IG
Lawrence, ir, and Herry A Clinton, Lis eonusel, and the time to
make return to sald writ being by order of raid Justice extended to the
2oth of November, 1371, gud un notion being duly made on the 23d 0: No
vember, 1871, on Liehalf of afd Jesanbeat that sald writ of mandamne
be quashed and wholly set aside, and on reading. on sail motion. the aff.
davita on behalf of said respondents of Thomns Cowman, dated November
21, 1871, and of John Hardy, dated 234 November, 187) the relator obh
jecting to portions of said affidavits as irrelevant, and on hezring mail
Wim. A. De.ch and Richard O Goran, of coonsel for said respontents,
and sald Henry L. Clinton and Abraham RB. 1 awrenes jr. of connse! for
(he relator, it is ordered that the said motion to quash said writ of man:
Jats be aud the same 1s bereby denied. Juuy HK Bray, J. 8, C,

The Democrats are apparently ready ror tac
coalition, The seed of The St. Lowis Republican has
borne wn early und Jiantifol harvest. What at first
seemed nwost wild fancy has already grown into the
applaudet wisdom of Democratic” policy. The Demo
cratic press, from The New-York World to The Mobile
Register, indoree the movement, Tue Democratic cbict
talus argue that the passive policy 18 their only hope.
And the hid for Republican dissatisfaction to concentrate
against Grant on a guasi Republican candidate acco pt
able to the Democracy, may be considered as fairly be
fore the country.
FREF SPEECIL
From The 17tira (ihsprrer ie
These, indeed, are the days of free criticism.
The people have dorno Jatieutly with the rule of relf
constituted lenders till they are wearied at last and are
resolved to assert their independence as becomes freo
citizens of a free country. Alliances fail. Publie plun
der itself is losing its cohesive power. Here in New-York
are Seymour, Tilden, Kernan, and the rest, Fullving tho
hiokts of the Democratic party about them, to hunt down
Democratic rogues and bring to punishment faithless
officials in our own ranks who have bee
trayed the trusts confided to thelr hands,
Yonder tan ls IToraco (ireeley, the fore
moet worker in tha Radical eause. hurling Saxon ep:
thetsngainst a Radical Governtent's chosen 1epresen
tatives, and laying at the doors of his former friends
charges which embrace half the crimes named in the
decalogne. Over in Massachusetts, Charles Bumner,
speaking a sentiment which his State indorses, de
pounces the man whom he helped to elect to the Presi
dency as a venal, incompetent fellow, who Las forfeited
all claim to tLe respect of the people.
“1F WISHFS WERE HORSES.”
From The Trenton Gazelle,
It i8 now generally conceded that whoever
receives the Republican nomination will be elected, and
a few Republican papers put the result in this form: We
can elect whomever we nominate, therefore not being
obliged on motives of Relies to renominate Grant, let us
take a better man. re sympathize ourselves with a
good deal of the current fault-tinding with Grant. We
wish he waa a little less of a horse mau, n little more
of a dignified statesman. We wish he would appoint
only the very best men to all offices under his control,
despite the wishes and maneuvers of party hacks. Wo
hy Eh the truth of a greal many charges made
aeainst him in the Democratic papers, which go to make
him ridienlous as a man of great ewninence, and the ruler
of forty willious of people.
NO TIME TO LOSE.
From The Binghamton Leader.
A Conservative most he placed in the field.
An honest man; a statestaang one who has brains, whoso
name is above reproach. Wo care not as to the manner
of nominating, whether through the regular Democratic
National Convention and indorsed by Reform Republi
cans, or whether by Reform Republicans and indorsed
by Democrats, The Democratic Frese has no time to
lose, and should be earnest in educativg aud preparing
the people for this grand movement. It is also tine for
the leaders of the antl-Grant elements to reason to
gether, and prepare for this contest, for we have an
unscrupulous, wickes foe to fight. That foe will bring
all the elements that money and force can command to
secre success, Our duty in this emergency ie plain; we
can repeat 1468, and be annibilated, or throw partisan
ship aside aud unite with good men of all parties for
reform,
WHAT “PASSIVE” MEANS,
prom The st. Louis Republican.
The word passive,” as applied to this
gcheme, 14 really a misnomer, for, while 1t means a relin
quishwent of the Presidency, it ens un Were concer
trated and effective aetion’on ot her Qointe of the contest,
1t means the voluntary ofter of the honor of leadership
and of the two highest positions in the country to the
anti-Grant Republicans, and the concession by them of
the Tower Honse of Congress to Democrats us the
hitais of tho offensive and defensive allisuce. Its true
that after the battle wus over the Democtats would find
that they had elected some Liberal Republicans to oftice,
and Liberal Republicans would discover thut they had
clected some Democrats but as fn Virginia, Missouri,
Tenneasee, North Carolina, nnd Texas, 80 in the great
Nation! tleld—the victorious allies would discover that
henceforth there wus to be little difference between thom,
TIE DEMOCRATIC CHANCE WITH THE RAILROAD
CANDIDATE.
From The Cincinnati Enquirer. ee
The Republicans have sixty-one majority on
the electors) vote. A change of thirty-one voles would
detent them. The carrying of Xow York alone, with ils
thirty-three voles, would do business. We have lost
that State this year simply through local causes. Penn
sylvania snd California have thirty-one votes, and their
loss to the Republicans would lose thes the Presidential
election, There 18 no reasonable man who doubts that
Col. Thomas A. Beott can carry them, und do so easily,
by large majorities. He can tuke, wiso, the Empire
slide. Bul thee are Misgineippl sud Loulsiuns,
with fanrtecn votes, that wo hy LO WKLY
POLITICAL.
SOUTH CAROLINA
NIEW.IIAMPSHIR YK.
THE PRESIDENCY.
“rnE osLy nore.”
sia OE eal TE EL TI
ooneode to Grunt. Louls'ana we ca:
mour in 1868, and gentlemox zen uatnted fore a
sure 1% that 6 nood havo to Jears of lis going for Grant
in 1872. It is possiblo wo may lose Now Siam ire
with her five electoral votes, but” then we may gain Com
necticut wish her six votes, The majority against us io
the latter Stato at her April election was only a few hun
dred. Bhe 1s naturally Democratic, and wenld be certain
to yote for such u man 08 Thomas A, Scott, Nearly one
Dhalt of the Btates and one-half of the elecotorsl votes aro
agninat the Repuldicaus from the start, if we only make
h Jsdielons and sensible nomination, With that wo will
win,
TIME ENOUGH,
From The Lovin ills Cowrier.Juamal,
We indorse the Schurz platiorm heartily.
That whish we are not I% uble to confide 1 wbanlotdly
fa the nmelinery which isto carey it out. We helievn
that such e-ticket as Charles Francis Aduws for Presi.
dent, and Gratz Brown fof Vice-President, of supported
by =tcmner avd Trwnbull, 7ke Chicago Tribure and The
Cincinnati Commercial, con be mado to beat Grant,
Phe tact ww, the old Democrasic carryitl we spoke of
hit sero has stopped at the fork of the roa and the
drivers are looking shout, a litt doubtfsl whieh routes
to teke, whether to tarn to the weft with Carl Selnrz, or
to keep straight forward aid’ Wo 860 Wo reudon for
Lelong 1m too gread hurry,
s
“BEWARE OF PICKIOCKETS.”
From The Topeka (Kansae) Record,
The Republicaw: pusty mush rely on its prig
ciples una not on ita postoilices,  Genticmen Who clan
to carry the Republican party in thesy pockets, must go
slow aiid consult the peovio occasionally. Laud grabs
and steals of various kids must be deoppod. The pos
sive Democrats have no strength exceps us the Republi
cil party 18 weak through corruption. Let Repulhoans
remember this and in making nominations keop their
eves on the injunction, Beware of plekpockeats.” ‘Ebus
wilh tho euciy, active or paseive, be ucicated.
THE MONOPOLIST CANDIDATE.”
From The Rochester Eo press,
The selection of Thomas A. Scott, even bv
the Deisvcratic party, would be a national calamity.
The man is known to the country only as a grasping
monopolist, who uses either party as serves his turn, and
Las for years controlled the Penusylvania Leaisiatuie.
If the Democratic party nominates Dim it will show only
how entirely unworthy it 18 to be culled the party
of the peoniec. McCicllan aud Seymour, its latest
Presidential candidates. were not much as politicians,
but their persons) record was rospoctable, and thero
were many reasons why they eeould noucst!y be the
choice of thoir party as loaders. But to nominate a ral
roid King would be a conlession that the pariy was run
solely in the interacts of monopolists and capitalists,
The party wight wel put up Jiu Fisk for Vice-President
on the ticket with Sot ‘The two would run wall
together,

POLITICAL NOTIS.
The Hon. Wiliium S. Stevens has been re
nominated by the Republicans for Mayor of Dover, New
Hampshire.
Gov. Bullock of Georgia's term would have
expired in January, 1573, instead of in January, 1872, a4
Las been stated.
Tho New-Jersey State Canvassers have de
clared the official result of the gubernatorial eicction to
be as fullows: Aggregate vote for Parker, 82,052; for
Walsh, 76,585; Parker's majority, 6,979,
Father Walsh, at St. Peter's Catholic Church
at Hartford, Bunday, publicly refused to read the Presi
dent's and Governor's Thanksgiving proclamations, and
wis especially bitter in his denunciations of Grant,
The first choice of The Wilmington (Del) Ad
rertiser, among those proposed for the Democratic
standard-bearer in 1872, is Col. Thomas A, Scott, the rail
way king, and (be second, Gratz Lrown ol Missouri,
A German-American Reform Association, in
tho Seventh Ward, was permanently organized yester
day by tho election of the following officers: President,
Ang. Bernstewn; Vice-President, H, Appelles; Beeretary,
Wuoi Ecllichiting; Treasurer, Chas, Obermeyer.
Among the members elect to the next Min
nesotn House of Representatives, who have been wen
tioned in connection with the Speakership are A, 1. Hali
of Hennepin, HM, Burchard of Winona, J. B, Banborn
of Rumsey, aud Joun Van Dyke of Wabasbaw.
The Republicans of Lawrence, Mass, have
renominated the Hon, 8 B, W. Davis for Mayor. The
Cambridge Republicans have renominated for tio same
office the Hon Hontin Ro Hardiug, LO. Houghton, the
publisher, has accepted the retrenchment and relovin
pomination for Mayor of Cambridge,


The Hon. George lH. Parker, a promiucnt
Democrat of lows, publishes a card, in which he says
the Democratic patty as an orgmmzation is dead, and
if the Democrats expect to resurrect its principles und
succeed in 1872 they must abandon the old orgunization
gid become an integral portion of a new party.
A Council of Political Reform was organized
in the Eleventh Ward last evening with the following
oflic ers: President, Daniel D. Wright; Vice-Presidents,
Theobald Frohwein and Joseph Gattenberg; Secretaries,
Win. 11. Armstrong and Lows Schraldt; Treasurer, John
Parr. One hundred snd twenty-cight wewbers signed
the roll,
At the late election in Virginia, a portion of
tLe colored pec ple were prevailed upon to vote the Con
servative ticket. A Conservative, elected to the Legls
lature by colored voters, has tho grace to publish a card
thanking thom tor their support, aud assuring them tht
Le will never prove false to any legal or political right
w hich they uow enjoy.
Speaking of the United States Senatorship
from Califurnia, The San Francisco Alla says Mr. Gor
hat is not a candidate, aud aitbough it has been asserted
that ho wil Le, wlien Casserly’s suceeasor 13 to be
chosen, the present chances for bis success then, or ab
any other tine, are too slight to deserve consideration
now. Mr. Sargent has been named as a candidate, and
will go into the Joint Convention with much strength.”
The administration of Mr. Earle, the Quaker
Mayor of Worcester, says 1he Springfield Republican,
has not been a brilifant success, aud there is oo thought
of redlectmyg him, The candidates most mentioned are
Georce F. Kerry, lawyer; Dr. F. H. Kelley, physician;
Puilip Le Moen of the Washburn and Moen Manufactur
Jig Company George Crompton, vom mauufacturer
Jol DD. Washburn, a heavy insurance man, and Gen.
Wilinm Lincoln. ‘The choice probably lies betweeu the
List two, as ost of the others will decline to serve.
HL Ura STORM STILL RAGING.
umn
HOUSES BURIED IN THE SNOW—MORE AVA
LANCHES.
Sart Lake Crry, Nov. 27.—A dispatch from
Little Cottonwood to-day says tho snow on a level 18
about six feet deep, and the storm continues, The resi
dents of Alta City have to dig their way in and out of
their dwellings. Many of tle houses are buried in tho
snow. A youug man named Jenklos was buried by a
anow-slide on Wednesday last, near the mouth of the
Wellington mine. The body was dug out by the miners
and buried ou Thursday morning. Several of thu winers,
while digging for tho body, were caugit in slides and
escaned with difficulty.
TIE WAR ON POLYGAMY.
Ba
BRIGHAM YOUNG'S CASE POSTPONED TO MONDAY.
GREAT SALT Lake City, Utah, Nov. 27.—In
the Court this morning the case of Brigham Young, for
lewd and lascivious cohabitation, was called up, and,
upon a motion of the prosecuting attorney, was ordered
for trial next Monday. Mr. Hempsted, for the defense,
protested againat this order, on the ground that it would
be impossible to have his client here at such short notice.
He asked for two weeks, which request was refused. I.
B. Clawson and O. E. Bates, who were brought up on
the same charge, filed a plea in abatement, founded
upon the illegality of the Grand Jury, which was over
ruled. Itenry Lawrence, for the same offense, who wus
ordered to plead to-day, could not appear on account of
sickness.
Upon the charge against Brigham Young, William
Hickman, Mr. Meacham, Simon Dutton, G. D. Grant,
Porter Rockwell, and Willlam Kimball, for the murder of
Buck, at Warm Springs in 1857, the Court is now engaged
in hearing the motion of Mr. IMempsted to quasi the
tndictment on the following grounds:
First: That the Girand Jury improperly dnsignated the
oftense as wurder iu the first degree; Second: That there
is no proper description of the defendants; Third: That
there is no certainty in the allegation of the date of the
offense; Fourth: That the deceased 18 not alleged to have
been alive ut the time of the Alleged murder; Fifth: That
there is no allegation that the defendants conspired to
gether, or that they were present aiding and abetting, or
were necessories betore the fact of the killing of Buck;
Sirth: The in=utticient description of the means by which
the killing was effected Seventh: That the nswes of the
witnesses uve not indorsed upon tho indictineut we
raauired by statute.
1iGHTING A RAILROAD.
RE
A CURIOUS CRUSADE BY PENNSYLVANIA FARMERS,
In 1448 a charter was granted to certain
persons in Pike County, Penn, authorizing them to con
struct a railroad from Matamoros to Milfurd, Penn., a
Alstance of cight miles, connecting with the Now-York aud
Erle Railroad at Port Jervis, For some reason nothing wus
ever doue In the watter, and in tho Winter of 1670 un now
charter was obtained frow the Peunsylvania Legislature
for the same purpose. A company under the title of the
Milford and Matamoros Rallroad Company was formed,
and the contract awarded for bulldiug the road.
The pew charter also appropriated to the road, for 9
years, the $10,000 annual bonus paid by the Erie Railway
Company to the State of Pennsylvania for right of way
through that State. Tue Company under the old chartor,
however, succeeded in stopplug all proceedings under
the new charter, aud the euterprise agalu came to
All difioulties in the way ware finally ro
moved, snd on the tiret of October st, work
Was hegun on the tread, the contract Ining
awarded to Col. J. H. Moorhead, of New-York.
But sone of tLe Jatulbvidert Along the toute Webb op
sosed to tho road, and a fv neo a forco of t
i luborers, toeolber wish col. Moorhead nnd JR.
Dimwick. Premdeut of the Ovmpany, were arrostod for
trespass at thasult of Win, Brodhaad, upon whoss lasds
Hey were wvxing. Bonds wero given for dam.
and the work progceded. On RA land of R. C. Bull Ths
work met with mone serious protest. The proprietog
the land, In company with C. W. Bull, hia attorney, pro
cecded to whero the men wes working, and while the
former drove a team of oxen in front of the laborers
across tho Hue, the latter took his position in a7 auco ot
team that was breaking Sead and when §ine
op towhera he was won. Hoy tia lawyer seized the
horaesshy the head, and pushed the driver away. At
once au Alay chiisvod, snd the sherk of Lhe county was
summoned Neh EhuEg 8 prefered by the deiver of the
team, R.L. Bull wee arrested for assanlt awd battery.
He gava haf! to appear for treiz), and cansed the arrest of
cight of Shednborers, on un charge of riot, and the Prosi.
dent of the rood and he conitaector tor molting to riot,
They wers tpken to Milford, and gave bail in §14,000 to
Meas tor a bhearfug wett dny, which was postponed.
ho day after the arrest the work wag res nod, Wien
the laborers wexe rearrestad, gave bonds and continned
working,
The Sheriff as than Inetrneted te summon 90%0 and
Adfsperss the men as rioters, ¥hich he mused to do, and
the work was compleied on Pull’s iamg withoot farther
molestation. Sirsacquently the Preastent und conden tor
nal the laborers vere acrested on the Lind of Soverma
Var'Noy., They nghm gave bods an? proceeded w i
the work, whea an onexecad d weit osained by bhil
Was served upon tis requinng furthers bouds.  Snkea
then Ue work lus net heen opposad, and she grading or
the rova will soon be norapleted.
The 3d Is to Le of ihe wew thre? foot vaage, 1nd wi
Cvnitnally be extende to Easion, inn, to counizcd
WIth ro odsbr Palade, ia.


The old famitiar title somehow ows more
naturally fio the pon thar does the new one of Expo
sthion, Baroan!s Mooum La< roughly bioken pround
mn Hs new locate, an! ~cernn te hoe rapidly wii sing its
way in public rseard To the extent, variots argm ted
aspect, oud juteresting general camracter of this complex
ecotbination of wena orie, circu, und bazar, we Save
noveral tivica refereed, by way of direc ug the Micon
nf pleasure-seel rata stire and 2eetile source of ama we
ment, Those who ary, in the feaflor plirnse of the
people, that they always “get their moneyg’s worthy”
when they visit Darnara’s Musenm, do not in the least
exaggerato or tl=represent the fact, There is a eollee
tion of agiinuls ut the Siaty-third-st. Rink which alone
would well repay the toible of an expedition to
that  spacions resort. Savage  eecontricitics are
admired, now-a-days, even in poetical literature
and among refined persons. The real barbariaes
of the forest might surely secure a nuslerate share of
notice and study—if only with a view to rectify, Inform,
and sharpen a taste for their human and civilized hiniia
tors, It is Nature's school which Mr. Barunm thus throws
open, and a good deal moy be learned ip it. On Thank:
giving Day thers will be threo performances in the
Circus arens, and the mevagerie and museum depart
wents will bo continually on exhibition.


Senator Doss, who has seen the vanity of
hrman political wishes, tans from the wos of rhe worl 1
and starts a we kiy journal gn Cotfeyviile, Kansas,


Mr. Samuel Bowles of The Springfield Reprb
liean has rexched Denver on his Western Winter gaint,
and writes a theo e-colamn lett 2 from that skow-covered
wetropolis of the Plains,
Mrs. Mary Ripley and the Rev. Mr. Cutler
are two wiscly thoughtful people, who lave made this
potable good to shine hefore men for others to profit by.
They have each made boqueais of $100 to be devoted to tio
care of trees, fences, and shrubbery in the littie ceme
tery of Hauover, Massachitsn tis.
The learned people of Ifarvard fear that
they have lost Prof. Luphael Pumpeliy, who has been
cloeted State Geologsist of Missourian State where ancl
an oflice i2 one of real weight, Prof. Pamoelly is well
known 2 the author of a popular scieuatile book of
travel Across America and Asta”
2

Che Dons William Millward, foimeriy mamber
of Congress fron tle Veh Distiet of Plehitolphion, and Uadted states
Marsial durioz the war, del yew endar av Kirdawond, Del
Terman Lindeman, editor of the St, Louis 7Z¢i
torr, dd at Jethorson City, Mow, on susdoy. Me Linden ehited the
Drresiion (Germanys azote ip 140, aoa was sentenced to death for con
pection with the ibsarreetion, but eseaped to this country,
_..Col. W. F. Stocking of this city, and Miss
Partie Miller dunghter of tastice Miller of the U, 8, Supieme Conrt, were
warriod in Washiagton, yesterday, The ceremony was performed hy the
Rev. Dr. Winter Pitishureh, Mos, Miers father, Among those pres.
vit atte we ding sere Presaden: aed Mrs. Grant, Chien Jnsties Clase
end #'1 tle Justices of the Sunreme Court, with their wives, Sole tur
Gerasal Bristow, Gen. and Mrs, Dune, Mm. denator Sprague, sud wany
nt haere
of
Wank DEPARTMENT,
OrFicR oF THE CuI¥T SIGNAL OFFICER,
WASHINGTON, D.C, Nov, 28-7 p.m.
Sumongis ror the vast (wenty-Tour Aours.
RE
The high barometer which was on Monday
aftervocn in Minnesota has extended east and norti
eastward, with cloud aud pow ou the lakes, Very c¢oid
and elear weather has been reported from Idaho and
Monten, sod rain on the California const, Warn und
damp weather has continned in the Gulf and South At
lantie States, an area of low barometer, with lizht rain,
having developed this afternoon from Kentucky to the
Carolina const. Clear weather has prevailed during the
day in New-Englanud, and for a short tine on the Middle
Atlantic Const. Increasing north-easterly winds prevail
on the !ower lakes, North-west winds from Lake Supe
rior to Texas, Telegraphic communication wiih Oregon
is toterrupted.
Probabilities.
Threatening weather with light rain will probably pre
vail by Wednesday mornin from Virgina to New-Jer ots
with snow on Lakes Ontario and Erie north-east winds
prevail in the Middle and Eastern Siates veering to nocth
on Lake Ontario and north-west from Lake Huron to
Georgin sud westward. An area of clear weather with
cold northi-westerly winds will probably advance from
tho Upper Missour: eastward, reaching to Michigan aud
[lino ou Wednesday.
Warning Signals Ordered.
Cantionary AH als are ordered tor Oswe zo, Rochester,
Battle, Gered Haven, and MA alike, and coutinue at
Cleveland, Toledo, und Chicago.
The thermometer marked ten degrees helow
zero at Quebee, yesterday worning. Phe ibver st
Charles is lrozeu over.
The weather at Eastport, Me., last evening,
was the coldest over known there in November. The
thermometry stood flve degrees betow zero.
The thermometer at Lewiston, Me., yester
day morning, marked seven degrees above ceo, a
change of 25 degrees during Monday night.
At Poughkeepsie, yesterday morning, the
thermometer marked eight degrees above zero, There is
considerable ice in tie bays aloug the Hudsvn.
The weather changed suddenly at Bangor,
Me., on Monday night, from warn to extreme cold. At
1 o'clock yesterday morning the thermometer was ten
Ji grees above ero, und ut suntise at zero. At Lincoln,
Me., at sunrise, yesterday, the thermometer wus four de
vices boluw zoro.
THE DEATH OF MR. LORING CONFIRMED.
San Francisco, Nov. 28.—E. M. Richardson,
an artist belonging to Wheeler's expedition, has arrived
here, and contirms the murder of Mr. Loring by Apaches,
at Wickenburg, Arizona.
PRE
Norwict, Conn, Nov. 28.—=The investiga
t'on by the jury of the cause of tho fire on the steamer
City of New-London commenced this evening. The jury
is composed of H. H. Osgood, foreman: Allen Tenny,
clerk; Joseph Lovell, 8. T. C. Merwin, James
Ritchie, William E. Whaley. Four witnesses were
examined, viz,: The captain, the first mate, the
first pilot and the donkey engineer. Wm. Dodge, first
mate, testified in regard to the trip of the steamer from
New-York and discovery and the supposed oxtinction
of tho first fire at Comstock’s wharf. His testimony
agreed with the accounts mainly, already published, and
thie testimony of the othors was corroborative.
It was elicited that none of the witnesses mew the
cause of the fire, or bad Any theory as to its origin. The
boat's certificate for carrying passengers bore date of
Oct. 24, 1871, and called for 60 life-preservers, ‘here
were 125 on board, stowed under the mattrasses in the
staterooms and berths, But it was impossible to get
them, owing to the rapid spread of the fire. The four
bouts on the steamer, which had been lowered threo
weeks previous, and found to be in good order,
All the witnesses agreed that in five minutes after the
second fire broke out every one was obliged to leave the
Steamer. The investigation sdjourned until to-morrow
ovoning.
Phe United States District Inapector of Steamboats he
gina an mvestigation at New-London to-morrow. The
Search for the body of William T. Norton coutiuues with
a diver.
Sat ee we
CUSTOM -ITOUSE CORRUPTION HOW Tne
WEIGHERS SHARE IN THE PLUNDER.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Snt: In your telegram from Boston, in the
onse of Weld Co., you stated it was alleged there was
collusion] with the Government Welgher. In anotheg
paper, a few days ago, it was stated that Mr. O'Brien
(who was appointed a Weigher previous to the retire.
ment of Collector Murphy) was dally besieged by appH
cants for positions, Let us look at this matter. A
Weigher’s salary {is $2,500 a year. He 1s allowed one
olerk and a foreman at $4 a day. Ie is also authorized
to hire laborers at 40c. un hour. Why thez is the position
so much sought after? It ls true the duties are merely
powinal, as the foreman sud laborers do all the work.
But the Welgher ia not allowed legally to accopt any fees
or divulge suy acoount of weights except to the Govern
ment. Now, what are tho facta? A Weigher's position
1s kgown to be worth $5,000 to $10,000 year over and
above his salary, even if he 1s honest, in regard to return
ing correct pay rolls, The modus operandi is as follows:
A firm receives 500 tuns of iron which it solls to five
diferent oconcerus; to Lave this weighod 'Y
City Weigkher, would cost $00; thoy Me
1237) DRAM.
EP
PANU MS MUSK
PERSONAL

hs
1I'nNINVAL--IY TELLEGILADL
WEATHER REPORT.
THE CITY OF NEW-LONDON DISASTER.

ys PDD LDTAMUNVY
CE
Government” Weigher, who divides
fa lots 0! 100 thus, ut on Sxup cost to the PRA ie RL
85 per cent in labor. Eve.¥ i be weigha it corréotly, 4
d the Government be eddlod with tho expense
ng it in parcels, to Mt the convenience of inp
x! For making out the yetarn he will receive 089
This will be signed by” ghe foreman, #0 48 _ (0
avold, by a technicality, the cli of violathg Pe
r's oath of office. Of cours®: merchants are ngs
somiwlicd to do this, but if iny neighBsp in his acecount
charges $50 for weighing and 1 $i%r $200, how can
4 ese with him! Au alleged error br: 24 bo disgov-.
endl: a 1.2re instances, in the involoe, a he merchan®
be Too with bribing the Weigher. Bag it Is A De
rg acs tht there iy not a Weigher gs New. Yous
t docs not recive double or treble his sa hry, This is
elexpoun vz the C'wstow-House, and to eve dy morcLand
in New-Yori.
i tsa passage tx a Book (which is nun% probably
to any great extent at (he Custom House) win
affirms that a man cannot serve two masters hs nape
plies appocinily to Weighoms, No merchant word em
ploy a Weizher ase ond time who revo ived oie y andere
any pretext from the buver.  Whyianon!d not the Soy-
ernment guard 1s own INterety wa much as private in.
ividusis i I asticed o telourarm, the other day, (wes
Sividunin) which stated thal Gen. Geant would adve
cate Civil Service Roform at the wext wenslon. ob Con
a8. Lot bi commence at th New-York Costow
iy RLIOKMNM.
Aan. Yall Nov. 2° 11%
Lr

RJ
The .rtford Pablishing Company of TT!
ford, Conn,, have disposed of their tock, plates, on
bust oss to tha Plibadeiplive Publiclens Company, #11
the entire concern has boven removea 10 Yo, 7178480
st., Phitadelphia, where the Pluindatais Pubiinhing
Company wil! cory on the busineas of publishin ot
mulling books by subscription throwsh regal sty sppoiu lad
apetila
1
lates, Nov 2. Ly mtg —baoseed ub Lib Dips Cathe
Ransom be rl wa
ie
s
JONAS MALGRE CS
Now Sr rmevs, Nov 2a .ot ore wnsert P70 Bicosm¥liontt py
Tvave lard owl and Lower bere; Ac. Keg, Mga. vod
ateadis or Commun, to &eoml ves ow, x 7 o
to Falle Parr =a Prine 31100 Mois dow firme, we tlon,
dla, Comnon, Bde ime, Bag, ue To Jane to Shon
4 Faohauga ~Stering, 1204 New York Aeyi dwocsd Gold
Wirmivarow FC Nor ZL.—Rewite Torn. afm quel, 90 40'8
Rown strong, ssi erat #4 10 Gor stemmed. Crude S@jpontioe sles)
#050 tor Hard: 85 2 foe Ciline dap, aul pW far Ty ad
stealy salis ot $e 9.
PUHITAI'CI 2TI4 TIVE ITIN'E VARKE™ RK v mM
The anpoiv of Hewf €sttle tho wees wie large, (he m0 0 amo A
to 2 4ombeal. The Lmaid was not vere reat, ba? onoes tow
shout the ipa Pair go! cattle woltl ms irom 54 te Soeta P14 acd
extra Veanarlesnia at from 6) to 7 certs. Common ce Bur ronght 1d
twh xen Jb i» grows.
Super. The ferend fap 94 on wasn} art 700 et wera en et
of at from 5 to o4 ornts for ool, aod rom $2 to W per bred td
Stock. Lawha cold wt from 4 10 7 outs
MW
Hous—=Y ere wasnot 4 ver. setive anauiey in this ma Wat and prices
lucd a swale; olive ul 3,0 U Luad wats uses 46 woke Gm 9) ceuis PP
p Te
ows =Tat Lol chang in this market, 145 bead wlio fom $10 U
E45 00S rn ers, vt from BAS ty FL ur fred as
TOM HAVANA —in steamship Cleopatra, Nov. 2 (47mm due
wih, Mates Paseo, 3.3 NM. Moore, Saiendas Suris, Nin Vo ga.

te
(For other Ship News see p ird Pays
ARRIVED. A
Stesmat'n Riging Wap, Cornor, JAspineall j Nov 27, with trove
ine. 804 pass. to Pacific Mab! Steamship oo.
Sreamslup Niagara, Walker Riclinond, Cio Pout, and Norbolk,
with mdse. and pues. to Old Dominion Steamship Co
Steau shin Huntsville, Cresell, Savausab, with wd and pase to
Bob ro Lowden.
steamalip Cleapatsa, Phillips, Havana Nor 23, wth mdes, and vase
to F. Alexandre Ronx,
gu” meiia Mugnolis, Palmer, Saracosb, wih wd. 401 pass. a4,
Co baarrieoa,
a Skip kurydies (of Londou), Bennett, Calcutta July 3, and Ssod Heals
ng. with inlse

Bark Giateside, Simpson, of and from Liverpoo! Ost. 5, wit dea
bog Aquidneck, Haley, Providence,
Brg lLia'npden, Smuth, Baugor, with lumber
Big Od Ia (Span), Carlet, Matanzas 13 Lays, 0 ballast.
seir Grea Thr Stinson Musqnash, N. 15, 13 dav, rl lumhee
RCHOONERS—KIVER AND COASYWISE
Wostern Star, Root port, Muss Moon! ght, Virgins.
dora tare Virginia, White Star, Virgo a
Gi Talore, Virgina, Emma Jnha, Virgina
ie UL Barues, Alexei ina J one shopard, Alvxandnn,
DP Cues Georoetoan DO ite! Hot, Georg toas, D. Gs
ML oi Rossell, Geoogetowa, 0.0 Laas, Georgetown, SL.
Nay, Vonlont, New Regalos, Rendoat
F Neison, Port Johnson. KE. Jones, Port Jobson
seq Bird, Port Johnson. W. S Thompson, Port J lingoa.
Rrerhen Isher. Port Johnson Minerva, Fall luver.
over, uli River, Pollmdam, Sowersett.
i. 1). Forester. Harwich, Jas. Parker, Providence
J avolte, Providence, Chancellor, Guilford, Ct
Whistler, Taunton, Fashion, Now-Haveo.
FE. M. Swith, Noy Be'f.rd I:lizabeth B. Hogeu, New Loo isms
Niantie, Boston Croseant Lode, Calais.
Goo. il, Prescott, Vinalliaeen Potomac, Bangor.
Hester, Portchester. ancl F, Coob, Providence.
EL Syivewter, Provides Mo ry Miller, Providence
Alu ama, Poovudence, proe Wand, Providence,
Oust, Prodi lonea Any Dole, Pawtucket
Hor wu Pavitneket, Win, Mc Fee New: Belford
Annie Marrs, Roel lant. high! ind Claef, Provincetowa.
D. MF: ea, Ruchpor Jo 3 eng, Pavluchel
Jas. Cunningham, New-London, Finprre, Now London.
Newson harvey, New-Bediord, J. IL Perry. New Bedford
Ww. xX, Camp Derby, Conia Sonorset,
Fannie Hatmor gRuutrint om, KB. J Henrty, Borkport
Geo. IL Dennis, Boswor, Anu Metaan, Boston,
Adelaide, Sulnerset, MJ Kusseil, yuu
W IND—Sunset, I.glt, N.; bagy of chow,
RETURNED.
Ship ConSdence, Capt. Patierson, berce tor Liverpool 27h inst. and
anchored on die Dar sane might, was towed back to ths city joerg
evening. Would give uo reasou for returning.
SAILED.
Steamshing Aller an’a for Hamburg: Loo. for Savannah James Alger,
for Clarleston; Albematie and Wm. Clyde, for Novos, 80
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Porrr=«« Moxrog, Nov. 25. —Araved, Lark St. Lewcerss aod brig
Potomac r Dowperara,
Be Sure and Call for Mrs. Winslow’s Soothfag
syrup tor hiliren teething, having the fac smile of Cunris Pens
Kids on tie outs. i» wrapper. All others (eq hase unitatious
GERREN=ALOFSEN=At Paris, on the 6th of Nosember, 1371,
Ly the Macor of tue Ninth Arrondissement, and on the 1lowing slag
in the Church of the Oratoire, by the Kev. Etwnae Couere), 48
Malphe Gerken of Amsterdaw aod Fraoce Alofeen of Jursey (ily,
PALMER—HAMILTON—At Wondstork, Cansda, Nov. 27 am,
Rev. John Bates Benjamin Pulwer, jr., to Nellie, Jaughter of Hoa
W. Hamilton of Cascade, lowa. No cards
SLOSSON=NAYLOR—On Tuesday, Nov 28, atthe rosilence of the
bride's father, by the Rev. De, Morray, sasisted by Rev. W. 8. Hani.
wan, J. Stewart Slosson to Josephine, daughter of Peter Naylog van
WOODRUFF=SHEAR—In tlie city, Tues'ay, Nov, 20 ut the resficuce
of B. T. Young, by the Rev, Howard Crosby. D. I», Roderick 8 B sod
cui of Eliaabei, N. J., to Miss Clara Shear ot New Yor.
All Notices of Marriages must he indo sed wit full
mame sini! adder
CLYDE=On Sabbath morning Nov. 26, after a short 111 see of hiease
of the hiuneys, Mary J. Clyde, youugest daugiter of b-an ila, wi'ow
of the late George Clyde.
Relatives and oid of the family and friends of Lor brothers, Rotert J,
snd (ieo, H. Clvde, are respectfully invited ‘0 attend ber funersl og
Wednesday, Nov. 29, at p. mn, from ber wother's residence, 437 Loge
{ngton-ave., corner of Forty -fourth-st.
GOODELL—At Great Barrington, Mags Nov. 25. Pdward K Goo lsll,
Joubfent sou of tue late Rev, William Goodell, D, D, of Coustsute
nople,
IRELAND—In this oy. Sundar night, 26th inet., Lewis P. Ireland, «1124
son of Antoinette and the late J Los. J. Ireland, 10 the 434 your of Lie
age.
Relatives aod friends of the family aie invited to attend Lis fore-ad
from the residence of bis brother-in-law, T. E. F. Randolph, No. 488
West Eleventii-at., on Wednesday, 20th inst., at 2 o'clock p. wi
RODGERS—At Bound Brook, N. J, on Friday, the 24l inst. £LCarniay
the Saughter of Rev. Dr. Rodgers.
The friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral at the Proshye
terian Church, Bound Brook. N. J., on Weduesday, the 29th inst., at 9
o'clock in the afternoon. Trains leave N. XY. ou the Ceutral Roal ob
10:30 and 12:30, and roturn at 4:26 and :4y.
RUNYON—Io New-Brunswick, N. J., on. Monday, Nov. 37, Peter P.
Ranyon, iu the U5h Your of lis
Fuperal services on Friday, Dee. at the Baptist Chareb, Now-Brines
wick, at 2:30 o'clock p.m. Friends sud ewlatives of tbe fawily 1avited
without farther notice.
New-York TYPOGRAPHICAL Nouikry=—Notiee. —The membere are
requested to attend the funeral services of our late Broiler, Joby i.
Mitchell, at York-st. M, BE. Chuich, Brook! un. on thursday, Nov 30, «8
3pm. K. A BIAOOCK, Presieat
co
nos. C. FAvLENER, Bec'y,
Special Notices
A SAN ON ME
Ee re od
Napoleon's Cabinet
CHAMPAGNE,
THE WINE USED AT THE RECEPTION OF PRINCE ALEXIS
For 311» ot the Leading Wine Merchants and (Girocers.
BOUCHE FILS Co.,
SOLE AUENTS, J7 Beaveret i
Sk
Thanksgiving Sermon
AT THR
BROOKLYN TABERNACLE,
REV. T. DE Wire STALMAGE, PASTOR,
wil preach 4 Toad vi Seve
THU Y, st i O'CLOCK, A. M.
GRO. W. MORGAN, Organist of the Tabernacle, will preside at the.
GRAND COLISEUM ORGAN, and perform several appropriate sole
Hole
A GRNEROUS COLLECTION FOR THR POOR is solicits).
“Tne Cheapest and Dest Small Paper.—THE NEW YORK
DALLY WI't NESS is sold to nows-veuders and boys at the ofice,
vext to Tribune, at 40 cents per (00; and weekly snd won wre
pad to thore who bu who buy most of its three editions.
BRON ene
Jacob Day, well known Caterer of 35 years’ standing, still coa
tinoes 10 furnish We Weddings and a ayy with oll late i
provements. Terms reasvsable. No. 50 West The oY
“Notice.—All persons are bereby warned nod to supply or oy
Pon Te wy are bereprwny an oper from me. JALUD
AY, No. 50 Weet Thirteenth-st.
Alburg the best miners)
ni oat: Kos ie Hiner, tod re Liv Complante,
HOYT BLANCHARI P's 0 Gremio, Now-York.
Porter
making perfect WALKING BOOT, sped new lasts of ovesy whith
reslation of THE NEW.YORK
1] yo —TH0
pass San ho yi SAC Smt ag Re
a re Er SEX
we MA AVR lor KULOLE of the rok
ebay, Wh “a oh ATUR AY wef
dita; Va. JONBS, Postwaster
ri FE Tock: ig the Xo New-York
EE HOLE tb of he New-York
Wi Tob er
LE
THI STATE OF TRAIN
ATE LTHY MARKIT?
PIISFNOFRS ARRIVED
LALEST SHIP NETS
MARRIED
DIED.