DAILY PRESS, j
pOXtTLAND.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8,1871.
The elections.
The returns received freni the elections
yesterday are meagre, but yet enough in the
most important States to indicate the result.
The most important of any State election is
that in New York. Six months since, it was
counted certain for the Democracy by 50,000
majority,but tbe riots on the 12th of July and
the astounding revelations of and Tammany
ring, and the extent to which that power had
gained control of every department of tire
government, including courts, has aroused
the people to the danger rf tire State, and the
result of Tuesday’s vote will prove that the
Republican State ticket is elected by a ma
jority not less than 80,000, and probably 40,
000. The Democratic ticket will go out o£
New York with hardly more than 30,000 ma
jority, where in 1870 it had 52,227 and 09,000
in 1868. Li the Legislature, the Republicans
will have a handsome majority in both
■branches. It is estimated that they will have
more than twenty of the thirty-one Senators.
In the last Legislature the Democrats had
three majority. The Assembly, in which the
Democrats, by bare faced fraud, in counting
out a Republican, had one majority, tbe Re
publicans will have a larger majority than for
years.
In Massachusetts, the returns received in
dicate that Mr. Washburne, the Republican
candidate for Governor, is elected by a larger
majority than was Gov. Claflin last year. The
Labor Reform and Prohibition vote is unex
pectedly small, falling off in those places
where it was largest in 1870. As separate or
ganizations, the election shows that they are
but inconsiderable fractions, securing hardly
more than a large scattering vote. The indi
cations are that the Legislature will be about
as largely Republican as heretofore.
In New Jersey Parker, Democrat, is elected
by a majority of bout 500, gaining heavily in
Newark and larger places; but both branches
of the Legislature aie Republican.
Iu Maryland, the Democratic ticket, as ex
pected, is elected, but in some sections the
Republicans have made handsome gains.
Wisconsin shows very light Democratic
gains on a quite fall vote, but Gen. Wash
buiue is probably elected by 0000 majority
with a Legislature of the same complexion.
The few returns received from Minnesota
indicate that the Republicans have maintain
ed their usual majorities.
The Tribune with much apparent reluc
tance is forced by tbe conclusive character of
its evidence to make the very original an
nouncement that Secretary Fish was to re
tire at once and that George W. Curtis would
he charged with the portfolio of the State De
partment. There is a season for all kinds of
stories. When the circuses are travelling
through the country, it has its seasonable
story of the tight-rope performer who has
broken his neck by a fall in the next town.Tlie
story of the lively old lady who kuils so many
hundred pairs of double mittens in four Jan
euages with other like elegant accomplish
ments,has its regular season in which to ap
pear in the newspapers. But this report
about the resignation of Secretary Fish is re
ported rather too frequently and recklessly tc
sustain the character of a first-class story.—
Secretary Fish now says that he has no idea
of retiring until the matters connected with
the Treaty of Wash ington are adjusted, and
it must be admitted that Mr.Fish has, at least,
moderate opportunities to know something
about the matter.
Coi.. Scott, the railroad king, has a very
strongsbow with the best Democratic papers.
The Indianapolis Sentinel has dropped Ex
Senator Hendricks and has now taken this
“newest dcparture”while the Pittsburgh (Pa.)
Post says that as a Democrat, Colonel
Scott can beat General Grant iu Penn
sylvaina by fifty thousand votes.
The Louisville Daily Ledger, which is under
stood to favor Wade Hamnton. Alex. H. sn>.
Phens or the Cardiff Grant for the presidency
does not take kindly to the Scott movement
and heads its announcement of the matter as
follows: “AH Aboard the Compromise Cars
—Ar>oH>er Pal«*fc President Feelery started
—Tom Scott’s Last Achievement.”
Thouas C. Fields who has been put under
bonds for stealing half a million dollars from
the city treasury of New York was one of the
stump-speakers imported by the Democracy
into this Stale during the last Presidential
campaign. When he and O’Gorman, the
Corporation Counsel, and S. S. Cox, all good
Tammany men, denounced “Radical corrup
tion" and “extravagance” in City Hall, what
shout? and cheers arose! Now all men see
them as they are.
Rev. Dr. Fulton does not exactly kmow
which evil would be the worst—“Free ram or
woman suffrage.” We have not yet tested
the latter but free rum is bad even if it only
extends to a free discussion about ten glasses
of lager beer between Rev. Dr. Fulton aud
Mr. Theodore Ti itou. If that was the result
of only a limited quauity of the meanest of
stimulants,the public will be glad that those
gentlemen at leastjdon’t have free rnm.
Fkom Chicago.—A letter from a resident Of
Chicago, well known in Massachusetts, writes
as follows to the Old Folks at Home:
“The poetry of the calamity is oyer, and its
sad realities are beginning to be fe't; and the
amount of actual want and suffering which is
being endured by persons who were not of a
poor class, but wtll-to-do aud prosperous be
loro ibe fire, is something appalling. The ex
citement of tile fire is dying out, aud the reac
tion is now prostrating thousands on beds ot
sickness. Our hospitals are full, and private
houses are filled with sick. Ob, the horrors of
tliatnigbt! I personally know of three moth
ers who were delivered of children in the street
while fleeing from the fire. This was on the
north side. One person whom I knew bad
given birth to nn infant on Saturday before the
fire, and was driven to the lake shore by the
flames, where she with her baby lay down just
in the edge of the water, and the mother, bold
ing her infant to her breast with one hand
with the other dashed water from the lake oyer
berselt and child to keep them from burning
“P! and strange to say, the mother and child
still live! Some four hundred children were
born in the churches on Tuesday nigh;, while
during the hre several persons, mostly women
tall down exhausted in other person’s houses
and died, aud the houses were soon after burn
ed, aud uo one knows who they were or where
they lived.”
So long as any country must maintains
system of subjecting the aide.
iion of the State to bear arms.it should be of
such a character as to detain the men from
their pursuits the least possible time. The
people of Canada seem to have come nearer
to the attainment of that end than any other.
The real militia of the Dominion is organized
under a law which orders the enrollment,disci
pline and payment of forty thousand men
The law requires of these men hut sixteen
days drill in the year, but the spirit of compe
tition among the men leads them to drill at
least once a week, while they spend the whole
of the time for which they are paid under the
canvass. The officering ol this force is provid
ed lor by military schools. One ol the best
features of this system is the constant target
practice to which the men are subjected. The
lnJn»DiSe maintaining this force amounts to a
The m^rban rtylenty’ei*ht dollars per man.
when fte °^he,men dt°P out of thc ranks
i.igthernUc<st„°t8e,V‘Ce ba,ve exPired, leav
t bat* a t ie as t five* t h ousand1 by otber8,> 80
the drilled force every year 816 ad0od to
Wm. Lloyd Garrison 1 as addressed a pub
lic letter to Judge Pitman expressing his re
gret that the latter has consented to stand as a
candidate for Governor of Massachusetts at
the pending election, iuasmuch as the only ef
fect will be to weaken thc Republican party
and do do good to the cause of temperance.
Mr. Garrison can see no good reason why Mr.
Pitman did not yield to his first impulso to de
cline the Prohibitory nomination.
Secretary Boutwell proposes to recom
mend a reduction ol thirty millions in the tar- 1
L„„a“d.iuterna' reyeDue ^cefpts. It has been
duedon d Jbat be ougbt to recommend a re
«^ha°[^tilfty“il,i0n8- Iti8"“d-
Tuesday, meet tl Colnu“«ee who, next f
vorahle to a. large rl i !Ltb° 8ub>'‘ct' are fa‘
posed by Secretary Boutin*1 ‘.pf0 tbat Pro'
repeal of the home tax, but m, .,l y f,lvor the
sire3 its retention. outwell de
r
Thebe are seven cases of small po, exiH,.
in Pelham, N. H. which is seven miles a
Lowell, Mass. Six cases are in the family 0f 1
Mr. Kent, and one in the family of David At
wood. The selectmen are doing what they
think necessary to prevent the further spread 1
of the disease, but it is doubtfulif they sue- t
peel iu so doing. jl
The South Carolina Ku-Klux.
A correspondent of the Cincinnati Commer
cial has been travelling in the Ku Klux dis
trict of South Carolina. He visited the jail
where the Spartanburg prisoners are confined,
and this i9 what he says of them:
“Xu the cells on the lower floor are some
lonajide Ku-Klux. There are nineteen of them,
aud it is the gang that has been committing all
the mischief in that county for the past two
years. They came in, gave up their arms and
surrendered before even one of them was cap
tured.
“Their cells open into a Darrow hall, and this
hall is ‘fenced in' at either end by a heavy iron
grate. As we approched this giate they all
swarmed out of their cells ana came to it.
There are nineteen of them, and all hut three
have made a full confession. The remaining
three are mum, doubtless thinking that what
I ever may be their fate, nothing can be gaiued
by a confession of crime: so they are sullen
aud silent. The rest, however, are quite talka
tive, and ‘give in their experience’ in rough,
ungraraatical language.
“As they swarmed out to the grate I thought
I ntver saw a more uoprepossessing-looking
set of men. They are allyoung, below medium
size, aud of the lowest grade of ‘poor whites.’
They have neither character, property nor in
telligence. Their very looks are calculated to
prejudice one against them, and had they not
confessed to being Ku-Klux,-their appearance
and actions would have disclosed it They are
the lower type of the lowest class of Southern
poor whites. You may pick up a gang of De
grees at random, and you will have a better
looking set ot men than these Spartanburg
Ku-Klux. Their ignorance will be better un
derstood when I state that sixteen of the nine
teen can neither read nor write.
“They say that they came in and gave up
because thsy were tired of;the bu iness,and be
cause they could uot fight the whole United
States army, which they understood had been
sent into South Carolina. They seem to re
gard the State as having been invaded by a
second General Sherman’s army, aud that
death was their portion if they did not sur
render. They try to shift the responsibility of
their operations for the past two years upon
prominent Democrats of Spartansburg county,
ir h,,m aamiDOi) of nnftinrr flu, m m\ t n
dirty work and Hiving them aloug. They ac
knowledge to an ‘alliance’ between the Demo
cratic parly and themselves, but complain that
all the heavy work fell upon them. They say
that when a campaign was going on they were
kept so busy that they bad no time to attend
to crops. None of them own land, and what
farming they do is done on the tenant system.
They affirm the object ol the ICu-Klux organ
ization to he to either drive the negroes out of
the county or kill them. They did not pro
pose to go into wholesale slaughter, but only
killed one now and then, so as to aid material
ly in scaring others off. They most positively
declare that the prominent Democrats of Spar
tansburglcounty were at the bottom of the
diabolical business, and they propose to ‘blow’
on tbe whole thing, giving names and all,
when the proper time comes. This acconuts
Jor the stampede ot 'influential citizens’ from
that county.
The prisoners who confess to being Kn-Klux
say they are now sorry that they ever went in
to the thing. They blame what the call lead
ers, but are, as yet, not entirely specific who
their leaders are. They comp ain that when
they once went into tbe klan they could not
get out; and they then had to push forward in
the dirty work marked out for (hem or be dealt
with themselves. At Dime Spring the klan
had a whipping-post erected, where those who
did not come to time were whipped. This state
ment is no doubt correct, far one or two of the
‘bojs’ bear tbe marks of tbe lash upon tbeir
backs. They say they expect to be punished
by a few years in tbe penitentiary, but they
emphatically insist that the head men shall he
punished also.
The latest report from Spartansburg is that
ninety citizens are iu jail; among that uumber
are, no doubt, many of the head men to whom
the poor devils here refer. Ninety eitizens
taken from their beds and thrown into j.iil
without warrant or process ot law may have
an ugly look, but it is absolutely necessary to
effectually restore peace and quiet to Spartans
burg. Iu many instances the innocent are
suffering with the guilty, but this cannot be
avoided. The war should be made short,sharp
and decisive; the innocent turned loose and
the guilty turned into the penitentiary. The
civil law had been found impotent to check the
evil, and the military law had to be resorted
to. That is effective. The days of the Ku
KIux are numbered in South Carolina.
A wild family have startled the inhabitants
of Pittston, ?a., recently. They consist of a
father and his two children, who for twenty
years have lived in the wildness and solitude ol
the Wyoming woods. The old man, now de
mented, was oDce something of a scholar, and
is now a kind ot Biblical encyclop®dia. The
children, a young man and young woman, 22
or 23 years old, are idiots, and when found
were entirely nude and living like wild ani
mals. The entire family have met tbe fate ol
civilization by being made a traveling “show”
Ior, ana lovers ot tne abnormal and hideous are
being gratified to their heart’s content.
A Correspondent of the N. Y. Commercial
writes that seeking the registration office in
his district, he was sent to an out of the way
place on the east side:
What a place! A little one-horse cigar store,
and stuck into a dingy, narrow hall-way, at
that. Here were policemen, several men in
vested with outside authority, and three men
writing about a dingy table. To be questioned
by these men in this miserable place, was like
being questioned in Essex Market Police
Court. Pshaw! on such liberty as this A
sprinkle ot clean wholesome despotism is pref
erable. Clean despotism on Fifth avenue is
better than all your boasted liberty in a Fourth
avenue cigar store. A man living in a magni
ficent brown stoDe front sneak oft' in a pica
yune, mean, dirty Fourth avenue tobacco hole
to vote I
By these means has Tammany driven res
pectable men from from the polls, and given
over the voting of the city to roughs and
tdieves.
Cod. David Taggart, U. S. A., of Penn.,
now stationed in Oregon, delivered the annual
address before the Annual State Fair of Ore
gon, at Portland, in that State, on the 13th
ult., aDd, among many good things, said
“The car I earns out in a few weeks ago from
Omaha to Ogdea contained only two people
who were not hound to Oregon. One of them
was a slab-sided spinster, who, having failed to
procure an entire man at home, looked as if
she might be going to Salt Lake City to con
tent herself with a portion of one; the other
was an Eaglishman, who was going into the
mountains of California to hunt grizzly hears
with a double-barrelled shotgun. I told him
he would find the sport rather exciting when
the bears began fo hunt him.’’
The Coal Trade.—The anthracite coal trade,
says the Philadelphia Ledger, is in an unusu
ally depressed condition (or November. For a
week past coal has steadily accumulated at al
most all the centres, and sales are difficult at
any price. Several large collieries in tha
Schuylkill region have stopped work in con
sequence. Other mines will probably dimin
ish their production, in order to prevent furth
er depression. Nothing, however, can now re
vive the market equal to the capacity of pro
duction but two or three weeks of cold weath
er.
If figures would convince, the statistics of
the liquor traffic would have converted the
world before this time to total abstinence. The
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics for the year
ending June 30th, 18T1, estimates that the
amount spent in the United States for intoxi
cating liquors was $000,000,000—sufficient in
fomr years to pay off tLe national debt and
complete every projected public work in the
country.
Items.
In Brooklyn seventy-three retail liquor deal
ers, mostly Germans, are to be prosecuted for
breaking the Excise law in selling liquor on
Sunday. The first of tbo complaints against
them was made on last Friday.' They will not
be tried until alter election, so if they vole
with the ring they will be all right.
Early Monday morning the office oi the Ho
boken IN. J Leader, a democratic paper,
was entered and sacked by men of opposing
elements in the democratic ranks.
The total registry in Now York this year
foots up 152,5112 against 112,(100 in 3870,
The-JWashbnrns of our own State are dis
tantly related to lion. Wiliiam B. Washburn,
the Republican candidate for Governor of
Massachusetls.
Mrs. Weodbull is going to rent a splendid
mansion in Washington this winter and keep
open house for the benefit of Congressmen.
A tender-hearted Texas physician poisoned
his two little sous and himself for fear be might
die and leave his children to the world’s cold
ebarity.
Forty thousand dollars duties were collected
on pas:angers’ baggage at the port of Now
York during the last year, heiDg a larger sum
than has «ver been collected before on such
goods .0 one year. This is the result of the ex
amination which is considered so obnoxious.
It is estimate! that in nine casea out of ten tbe
awuers of such baggage would smuggle
ihrough the goods thus discovered and Tax
id, and cheat the government it it was not lor
he inspector.
E lison Lewis, a thirteen year old boy in Sa
em, Mass., while standing on his head, fell
euseless and died in three days, lroui eonges
ion of the brain.
Beruregard is out for Gralz Brown forPresi
ent, and Jeff Davis is in Baltimore helping
leverdy Johnson to fire the South into a new
--hellion.
The Democratic minbers of the Ohio Senate
re threatening to embrrass the Republican
lajority in the Legislature by none-atten
ance.
Supervi9or
in place of
a matters in
•liate over
r<
——a—
An Explanation.
Portsmouth, N. H.,Nov. 7.
To the Editors of the Press
GentlemenConcerning my allusion to Rev.
William A. Kami, of South Seabrook, in my
dispatch to the Associated Press, about one
Eaton trying to etaive himself to death, you
ask:
“Is the reader to infer from this that the lead
ing oppouenu of the Rev. Mr. Rand invariably
seek violent deaths? It not, why is that gen
tleman made to figure in this bit of news?”
Now, taking it for granted that the Press
has heard ot Rev. Mr. Rand, the Apostle and
almost the martyr of South Seabrook, allow
me to say, lrom the most intimate acquaintance
with that worthy gentleman and his whole
course of life, that if your suggestion is not
literally correct, it is not so very far wrong
after all; for they “labor downward” indeed,
who attempt to decry Mr. Rand or his blessed
efforts in the benighted village where ne has
located. It not all crzy they are certainly mis
guided and mistaken, indeed.
If you desire it, I will send you a sketch of
Mr. Rand’s life, which reads like a romance.
Yours truly,
Associated Press Reporter.
The freight bill for the teas destroyed in
Boston harbor, December, 1773, was paid a
few years ago by the East India Company of
London, to whom it belonged. The money
belonged to a Nantucket family.
The President’s visit to Boston cost that city
$170 for gloves aud hats, $2,316 72 for “enter
tainments,” and 81,100 50 for horse hire.
State Pi ews.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
A case of drugging a clerk in Lewiston, and
robbing him ot a gold watch and chain occur
ed on Sunday. The stolen articles were re
covered.
The Journal says all day Sunday crowds of
people haunted the vicinity of West Pitch,
viewing the scene of the late double suicide.
Men in boats made unsuccessful attempts to re
cover the bodies ot the suicides. All testimo
ny so far gees to show that Anna Wood had
for some time meditated suicide and bad been
endeavoring to persuade several of her friends
to join her in committing the act. She tried
to persuade several young ladies employed in
one ot the Auburn shoe factories to drown
themselves with her. One of them asked her
how she could dare do such a thing. “I be
lieve neither in Heaven nor in Hell, said she.
It appears that Anna and Ada on Friday lore
noon, an hour or two before the suicide, made
application at a shoe factory in Auburn for
employment.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
The Good Templars of West Watarville
played tue "Drunkaid” and realized $50 on
Tuesday niglit of last week. Some intoxicat
ed youths trurn the east village came over to
see how the thing looked on the stage; but
were allowed to remaiu in the hall ouly about
ten minutes, and at tbe expiration of the time
were quietly led down stairs.
William S. Tilton has been appointed Post
master at the National Military As.vlum in
Chelsea, vice William Chambers, removed.
J0'<*Ph Howard of Sidney, and Mr. A. H.
Williams of Augusta, were plowing in the for
mer g field 10 Sidney, on Wednesday, tile 28tk
ult., when a loud report was heard o/erhead
sounding, as they say, like a report produced
by the simultaneous firing off of several can
non, and then reverberating through the
heavens like distant thuuder. It was broad
daylight and a clear sky, and how to accounl
Tor the strange phenomena the two gentlemen
are exceedingly in doubt.
OXFORD COUNTT.
A large old bear was killed in West Bethel
a few days since.
The Democrat says Geo. F. Hammond 01
Paris has shipped about 3600 bushels of cidei
apples this fall, from South and West Parisde
pots, which shows that some apples were rais
ed in town, if it was a poor season. They
brought about 40 cents a bushel.
The indictment against the Grand Trunk
Railroad Company, for the death of Robbins
will come up lor trial at the December term oi
the S. J. Court at Paris.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Theatre Company, witt
Miss Fanny Herring as “star" opens in No
rombega Hall, Bangor, next Monday.
We learn that on Sunday night the stable o
Dr. Clough 1U Dexter was entirely consumed
by fire, together with a.large quantity of hay
aud grain, eight head of cattle and two homes
The store and contents owned by Mr. F. A
Stoddard of Greenfield, were destroyed by fin
on Friday mgbtlast, between 11 and 12 o'clock
Loss about $1,500; insured for $1,000. The fin
was doubtless tbe work of au incendiary anc
measures are being taken to ferret him out.
PISCATAQUIS COUNTY.
[Prom our Correspondent.]
The rails on the B. &P.R. R. are iaid t(
Guilford village and regular trains will rut
before the close of this week.
Elder Getcholl, who threw the first anti
slavery vote in, what is now, the city of Gard
ner is living at Sangerville, at a very advanc
ed age. He gave a brief exhortation, last Sun
day in which he said that he deiired to live tc
titn”- -^u.wuou xiaiioiujaa reiorma
Rev. James Cameron of Greenville will lee
tore upon Italy before the Youug Men’s
Christian Association, in Guilford, on Tues
day evening. Mr. Cameron is a ripe scholai
and has been as extensive tiarvciia. He spenl
three years in a studio in Italy.
WALDO COUNTY.
The Augusta Journal says the barn of Ly
man Littlefield of Winterport, wa9 destroyed
by fire last week; fire eaught from heated
stones used 'n preparing water to scald a hog.
At a convention of delegates from the three
Agricultural Societies in Waldo county, held
at Brooks on Saturday, Mr. John W. Lang, ol
Brooks, was elected member of the Board ot
Agriculture from Waldo county for the ensu
ing year.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The barn ofE. B. Nash in Cherryfield, witl
eight tons of hay was destroyed by fire Iasi
Wednesday.
A Teachers’Institute was recently held at
Pembroke. It was under the care of A. H.
Abbott, E«q assisted by Rev. E. B. Eddy ol
Calais, aud Supervisor W. J. Cortbell. The
session was inteiesting and instructive. A
mmeralogical society was formed, to promote
the study of natural history.
IN GENERAL.
Miss Mary Royal has been appointed Post
mistress at Hodgdon, Aroostook county, vice
J. O. South; Cbaries 11. Stinson, Postmaster
at Wiscasset, Lincoln county, vice E. McKen
ney.
SPECIAL NOTICES
Slinking Fast.
Pale, miserable, discouraged, without relish for
food, without energy enough tor exertion, yet with
no acute pain, or other specific indication ot dis
ease, how often do we see feeble invalids fading as
it were oot of Hie without auy apparent cause. We
say ot them that they are ‘‘sinking last," or “sink
ing gradually,” as the case may be. ltut there is
no good reason why they should sink at all. Per
sons in this d.ad-altve state simply want Invigorat
ing and vitalizing. Nature, in a state ol torpor,
demands help. Bring out the reserve of vitality in
the system; brace the nerves; tone the stomach•
break up the morbid trance ot body and mind wllh
a course ot Hostetter’s Strmach Bitters. It can he
done. It has been done in thousands ol instances.
J he effect upon the enervated Irame ts electric
Never give np, however languid and broken down.
Remember that lor the exhausted, the debilitated,
the despon ding, this poweriul vegetable restorative’
is a genuine elixir. It Is not a mere stimulant that
provokes a transient flash of vigor in the system,
and then leaves it in a more depressed condition
than before, ft removes the causes of debility by
altering the secret! ns. and regulating the action ol
the internal orgaus, as well as re-cn/orclng them.
It is a particularly valuable medicine at this season,
because it is an antidote to the malaria which pro
duces intermittent lever, bilious colic and other dis
orders ot tire bowels prevalent in the tall.
Cumberland Bar.
The Members of the Cumberland Bar are requ rat
ed to attend the funeral ol the late Jonathan Mor
gan, at ilia Congress Square Uulversallst Church, at
3 o'clock this afternoon.
MAINE CENTRAL R, R.
Special Notice.
The agugo of this road between Danville Junction
aud Wotcrvllle will be changed between the morn
ings of the 9th Inst and llth inst. Nn ir.'.ut
run out 01 Portland lor this line alter Tuesday
the 7th. No freight will be received at Depot ot
Grand Trunk Railway In Poitland after Monday, cth
Inst. The mail passenger trains will be run during
the week and passengers and baggage changed at
point oi break ol gauge, but no morning passenger
train to or irom Lewiston, alter the morning of the
ninth Inst.
I nov7—snlwEDWIN NOYES, Supt.
SKATEST
Sale Agent In the United slates for the celobrated
k‘Acine Club Skates
A.so a full line of Wood Top Skates, at wholesale
nuu retail*
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange stre «t.
oca*) eod an
Attention, Gentlemen.
We have this day received from one of the fined
mporting bouses in New York (E. H. Van Ingen
3o.,) a large invoice ol
Woolens tor Gent’s Wear.
o which we iuvite your attention, as we teel ceufi
leut we can please you in every particular. v
HOLLINJ BOND. No 90 Middles*.
Nov 3-sult
PIANO ROOMS,
'ahoon Block, next City Hall, feagrtvi>1
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
^Tljf rnpTJI)aud tlie eIe?»nt Jetditt
W CeDfLIl piano fofites
Also other standard makers all sold at tba lowest
duced prices, oc25sntf
special notices.
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
Insurance Co.
Sring field, Mass., Oct 25,1871.
Messrs. Lorinu Thurston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies hare been deceived in
the amount ot their Chicago loan, ,e conolud
at this late day to make the tollowiug Stateuieu
which we know to be correct.
Assets nl market V»I«c.$1,077,000
Chicago losses
not over.$450,000
All other outstanding
»•«“«».47.420 $407,220
$530 780
HTTUis will give us onr Capital ot $500,000
entire, and Surplus ol $70,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over $15,000 at Chicago.
O ur Adjusters are paying all lotsess at Chicago in
Cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
Onr Directors and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO KATA on their Stock $325f
OOO within thirty days, as a reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with the Laws ol
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER _
#000,00 0.00.
After Paying all Out. la tiding Casses.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your business wiih great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
please be particular not to give us too much in one
risk or 'oeaiity.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Sec'y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Vice-Prcs’t.
The above statement wilt assure the potions of tbs
Corapai y and tbe public that the SPItlrsGFlLr) is
STRONG and alive to the situation.
Policies Issue 1 on good property at lair rates.
L0RIN3 THURSTON,
AGENTS,
28 Exchange street.
Portland, Oct 30, 1871. isdiw
Reliable Insurance!
Tlie Old PIhpibii:
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
^CONNECTICUT,
“Rises from the Athes” cl the Chicago Fire with a
clean surplus over
One Million Dollars,
And is now, as heretofore, one of the strongest com
panies doing business in Maine.
Gash Assets Oct. lat $1,750,000
Lasses at Chicago about 700,000
Gapital and Surpls, 1,050,000
It will thus be seeu that tLis old company affords
as ample security to its Policy holders as auy other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as heretofore on the most favorable
terms. All losses promptly adjusted and paid by
W. D. LITTLE CO., Agents,
Office 49 1-9 Exchange 81.
Oct 30is-d5cw3w
No More Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOES,
Is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable
conomical boot ever offered the public, it affords au
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of tbe same maiciia's.
All Dealer, .ell Cable Screw Wired {foods
Patent Stamp|on all. octisn eodGw
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure means of re’iel tor tbe Ertingatui Unfor
tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, 8. Ninth St., Philadel
phia, Pa. jy 26-sx me
SPORTSMEN
J. J). Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
Has just received another lot ot those fine
JBreecb Loading Khot Liiuh.
Also a lew more ot those very cheap
Bnglbh Twbt Double bbl, Gang,
oct4
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
^ABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BE HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Hale iu Portland by
8ISE NEVANS.
OXYGEN ASH.
371 Congress Streetf
Established for (the cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
C ONS TT3TP TI O N,
DYSPEPSIA, SCROFULA,
And all diseases arising from impure blood.
Treated by Breathing “OX YUEN AIR,"
Medicated Inhalations
in connection with other remedies. The public are
invited to call and invostigate
FREE OF CHARGE
PILetterg ot inquiry promptly answered and treat
ment sent if desired. Address,
Dr. J. P. BROWER,
371 Congress Street, Portland, Me’
Bra. E. Clark, J. M. Cummings and C. H. Barr
give permission to refer to them. Physicians a
plied with Oxygen or Oxygenated Water.
jun21 t,t,s tiCm au31w2mo
SEED, SEED!
BUSHELS New Timothy Seed; also
Clover and Red Top tor sale by
KENDALL WHITNEY.
Portland, Sept 2,187!. ecp2dtl is
Widotvs’ Wood Society.
ANNUAL MEETING.
THE Annual Meeting oi tbo Widows’ Wood So
ciety will be holden at iis office. Cdy Building,
entrance on Myrtle street, on Weinofiday evening
November 8th, at 7 1-2 o’clock.
Business, election ot officers and the tiantacMonof
such other business as may come legally before said
meeting. C. 0. HAYES,
novCtd Secretary*.
Anna F. Curts*.
TEACHER of the PIANO FORTE
29 SPRING STREET.
^Satisfactory rcfcrente given when required.
©c7 eod 3m 1
Awful Defeat!
The rout is complete! The last hope ol the parties
who have been getting up Scalp Poisoas to com
complete with
Cristadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
Js lost, lost, lost! still, it towers over all rivals, new
and old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye o
the Country. Still, tens ofthousands ol heads that
showed the white flag,
Carry CrUtadoro'. Col*,*,
and the courte ot the dye ofdyes is ever upward and
onward. So much lor excellence, wholesomeness,
and a true reproduction ot Nature’s tints. As a
dressing after dyeing, use
CRISTADORO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
oc-8 eodlm w44 46 Pn
Euglinh, American and Belgian, Ileal
Twist Bud Imitation
Double Barrel Shot Guns!
lo^!rthane*]?tjU8treCOiTe<1’M b® BoW at priceS
L. BAILEY, IN EXCHANGE ST.
B^Sigu of the Golden Rifle. oc 10 e0,j
OFFICES TO JLET.
TNlPlS'qnd n?rtfmCES,-8<iCOtl<1 8,0I7» over fctor('s
X No 13C and 138 Commercial street; ihted up with
all late improvements, 1
Hov4-U&W2Wla u< N' Jia4Forest, j
^oecEaT NOTICES.' 1
GOING T() CHICAGO
TSfr?*etpectfiilly inform the public that lie Inteuds to remove to Chicago a ter Jan
uary, lb.2. Be tore that time we shall sell our stock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COSTI
Those who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately. I
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight 11
di^Eing mjM^'deaci'ia'lLiB Cityta£C accfllt 111)1,1«art,elt tor ihe liberal patronage bestowed on me
.1. F. SISK,
lYl Fore Sti*eet, Portland,
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CHUCACO; consisting ora 2 1-2story Bri.kHonso No. 9 Glial
hum Street, in good repair; lot 40 by 50, a good cliauce tor a Mechanic or business mun to g*r a desirable
home. AUo a brick building corner ot Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35btb0- Au.o the liexa lot
adjoining, CcnOuniDg thiee wooden itores: lot 55 bv 120; and one large wooden stable. Tins property will
be Fold in seperate lots or all together, making in ail a lot of 90 by 120 rJ his is au excellent chance lor in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase in value, being on the principal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on J. F. frlKK.
nov7fcf 171 Fore Street.
liLLINERYJ Congress St.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to otter to our customers aud the Public
A very choice, all new STOCK OFMILLINJERY GOODS,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
'ladies’ In want ot a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find it to their advantage to give us a call before purchasing.
We sha'.l have constantly on hand a good assortment ot
aud Children**
Heady-Trimmed Hats and Bonnets.
Our Selection ot Children’s Hoods, aud Boy’s Hats are unsurpassed
in the city.
v?w”d BI0”n.et31manulacturcd anil (rimmed In the latest and moat approved style at fchert notice.
W. !L. SPfJEEiL, Congress st.
Nov2 SN tf
Home Securities
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTE “AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY Is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to St. .lohn. New Brunswick, a
distance ot 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 58
miles between Winn. Me., and the boundary line oi
the State at Vaneeboro*. On this portion the track
is now beiug la'd, both from Winn eastward and
from Vanceboro’ westward, and the work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
John in September next
Tli.s road will then bo
TEE OULY RAILWAY
maritime FroviDces is about ONE HI8MJON,
and all the land travel, freight, mails. «£c., between
them and the Uni ed States.wili pass over tills Trunk
Haa-wliidlIs WDTHWIIT OOIIPETITION.
Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already f*r greater th>».n its most sanguine
friends predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earnings from I.ocal ISunincnM alouc,
on the 56 miles completed in Maiue,already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter milljous ot dol
lars. aud will be largely increasing after Sent next
by the business to and from the Proriucas.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tully as its
present large business aud the immed ate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires,—the Com
pany lias issued its Bonds to the amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
O "V Bnrw W %'TEE am n w— _
BKTV EB*n WIJIHI VaNDEBOKO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 5G mites. This
port ion covt some $2 300,000, and the only lien there
a t,g^ge tQ1 thccnyot-£1,000,000)
OULi MORTGAGE on
800,000 Acres of Land!
Said lands being the same granted by the State of
Maine to aid the construction ol this road. Tbev are
situated along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
ant are heavily timbered and valuable. Lar"e
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
hnest agricultural district in the State,) are valuable
for terming lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mite
t
of Railroad with which they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as t he State
ot Rhode Island, which is 130G square milts and
are of great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security lor
the Ronds, there are timber arid tarm lamia to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p’edged to ensure the payment theteof.
T he Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, ‘1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AI^D INTEREST PAYABLE IN
OOhP COIX,
-Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
payable (£‘J each) in London, England, it preferred.
SBXKIXC! I?11XI>—All proceeds ol sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other products therefrom,
are. by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can he bought at oar or less; otherwise in
United States, State or Municipal Secutities. And
on July 1,1879, and annually therealter until these
Bonds become due or arc all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per ceut. of the amount ot
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities. belonging to tbc Sinking
B lind are to be invested as above stated, and these
accumulations are solely lor the purpose of addition
ally providing lor the'redemption of the*e Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ot securifg and strength, and adds to the safety of
these Bonds.
The Tutsiecs Rre lion. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, ot
Bangor, Me., and J. EDGAlt THOMSON, Esq.,
ol Philadelphia, Fa.
EI'l,.. .1 J a. »»._
at Par and Accrued Interest in payment for
any ol ilie lands at tbeir appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Accrued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange Ibr these
Bond?, and can be sent by Express and these »e
turned by Express, tree of expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further pa£tnuiara concerning
the connections aud business, with Map*, showing
the location and lands of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Hale [of Bond*,
BANGOR, MAINE,
oa to
SWAM BARRKTT,
Bankets and Brokets,
lOO middle Street..Portland,
Kg^On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now buiUmg. between St. John, N.B, and Halifax,
>i. S, there wdl be an unbroken line of Railway
from Halifax to all the chief cities of the United
States, ana a* two or three days ol ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 3G hours' time saved, from
New York, in going to or coming nom Europe, bv
rail to or from Halifax,— a large business in pas
sengers, mails and freight will i hereby be added to
the traffic over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-sheod tf
GOOD HEALTH.
Strong as is man's desire for wealth,
Far more to be desired is health;
Without that ne may life enjoy,
But want of this will life destroy;
Then of your health take proper care,
In wliat you eat and drink and wear,
In somethirg good yeur time employ,
Then you will truly life enjoy;
Let Boys be “dressed'' in good warm “CLOTHES
Protecting f hem from head to feet.
Which they cau buy at Okokuk Fbnno’s,
Coiner ot Beach and Washington Street!
Boston, Not.’I. sutw
GRAHAM FLOOR
OF A SUPERIOR QU 1LITT
Fresh (rein the Mill. Also the celebrated I
‘‘HOSTELS,”
And Other Olioiee Brands.
SHAH', 11 1 T! HUMt CARTEL
oe'J ii3ra
Fall and Winter Opening
Mrs. NX. 15. CUSHMAN
a
Wlf.L EXHIBIT I
Paris Bonnet# and
Bound Hats,
■-also-
It full assortment ot Mllliuvry At JFnncy Hood, s
Thursday, November U,
,’ornrr of CONGRESS an.l OAK STS. I
UQ2 lw b
NOTICE
■t
THE
PRICES.
Kerosene Stand Lamps cemplete, 50 cents.
Regular Price, 75 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps complete, 60 cents.
Regular price, 85 cents.
Kerosene Stand I.amps, complete, 75 cents
Regular- price, $1,00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.00
Regular price, $125.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.50,
Regular price, $2.00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $3.00
Regular price, $4‘00.
ALL WITH THE MOST APPROVED.
BURNERS AND SHADES.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, 8ac Regular
price 1.00
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, 1.00, Regular
price $1.26.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, $1.26; Regular
l’rice 1.75.
Tumblers per doz. 05 cts. Regular
price 85c.
Tumblers per doz. 75c. Regular
price 1.00.
Tumblers per doz. 1 OO. Regular
price 81.25.
Tumblers per doz. 1.25. Regular
price 1.50.
ruiuWm per dvt t.w. Regular
price 2.00.
Goblets per dozen, 90c.
Regular price 1.10
Goblets per dozen, 1.00
Regular price 1.25
Goblets per dozen, 1.10
Regular price 1.35
Goblets per dozen, 2.00
Regular price 2.50
Goblets, Cut, per doz. 5.00
Regular price 0.00
Bowls, Nappies, Dishes, &c., at
Correspondingly Low Prices
Call and Examine,
i
Cogia Hassan,
luiuuie
-AND
O Temple st.
October ?C-dlf
Procure Tickets
fflUSH W. D, Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETTAGENOT^
Travelers for California
S'.'. l.ie-Wel,’5?"'h “n4 Karlhwe.i, raa, ob
rir‘,rI* *>I 'h« beat and n.0.1
xw v1*,. rou,®» Ir»n> Portland, or nuston. «r
New York, to anv point deaued at tbe laaaeat
rates at tbe old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
IF. D. LITTLE <C CO.,
OIBce 49 1-!) Exchange at.
Reliable inlormation cheerfully furni.bed at
a“ timetl-_uu2(id it an
LEA PERRIN’S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It In. roves appetite and digestion, and It is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messts. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute a.l parties making or vending.'onnterieits.
JOHN DCNCAIPN NONS,
augl2«n6»i_ Agems, Ne» Yoik.
Aew Arrangement!
On Tuesday. Nov 7th, I shall ofler for sa’e at
Yarmouth Valin' in tlio brick Store, near the
I ost Om<*e. a. good assortment of Dry dSooda.Ciro
•critH, Flour aud Corn, togeiher with such
other artu los as the public may demand.
I shnll toll cheap lor cash, and do my best to please
all who may l'avor me with their patronage.
oe31 sn dlw_ It. it. YORK.
CARD.
Portland, October, WI,
Having relinquished the Agency for the Singer
Manufacturing Co’a., Sewiug iMachinef to Messrs.
VVHKELOCK. SARGENT, v,e take ple&suie in
ccommending our former customers and the public
generally to the above named firm.
OC24-2W WOODMAN. TRV E CO.
Storage. Advances.
Storage to lot in ilrst class bonded warehouses on
irowu’a Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and In Port
and Sugar Co’s buildings York Danlorth and Com
uercialStreets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
Jyloan 9J Exchange Street.
FOR _SALE i
rllE new two story French roof house, juat fin
ished, on Cushman st.; house piped t >r Sebaqo,
nu all the modern improvements. Enquire ou the
remises or No 25 Emory st. J. A. TEN N EY.
scp5dtt sn
On Marriage.
fnppy Relief for Ysung 9Ieu from the el-
its 01 errors and abuses in early hie. Manhood re-
ored. Imp*diluents t> marriage removed. New
el bod eftreatnuent. New and remarkable rime-
es. Coo< s and Circulars sent tree, in sealed cn
-1'd**. Addre* 4 HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
jutli Niuth stff ot, Philadelphia, Pa. uo?lsml5oi
SPECIAL NOTICES.
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPUING I),
10VICK MADE I
Ct will Cost you Nothing
To give U a lair trial at your liouae
Flies P. Beals Co.,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS,
97 and 20 MAKKKTNTIIKET.
lear of the Post Office, A’sd the best assorineut of
Chamber Sets
AND OTHER
F URN IT U RF.
To be iiiand In tbi itjr and at the lowest pr’cea.
CALI AND NIK! novltian
Ladies’ Cloaks
-AND
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S,
332 Congress Street.
October 31- sn dtt
No. 165 Middle Street,
iTI.AA. P. DARLING
Have received from New York
Silk Velvet* and Satina, in all colors; Thread
and Malta Lace*, Urea* and **ck Kutian*
and Ornament*, Star Embroidery Diaid*.
Fringe*, in a>l colors.
of.til lwd then 3weo<l
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Dimcult Foot, l
CO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you can $et a wide or narrow, full or sliir
Boot, just the with and leugth that will be eiry an
graceful, and enjoy the rare luxury ol wearing a per*
tect fitting boot. *ep26tt
EXCHANGE
-02*
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND
Ready for Immediate Delivery!
in sums to sum
W51. E. WOOD,
67 Exchange St.
Agent Ur Heir, Clew. Co, N- V.
June 27-11 an
S. B. GOWELl.
Anticipating leaving the city now otters his entile
stock of Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his house. (See advertisement by Oeo.
II. Davis tf Co.) How is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
0T~Come early and avoid the rush. 9ep7-sntf»
Aa Authentic History
Of the War between Clermauy and France
with Biographies ot the principal actors therein. Al
so an account ol the Civil War and Keign ol
Terror in Parii. Over 800 page*, and 150^ illus
trations. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
Agent for Portland. auldeodtf sn
NOTICE.
All Parties wUhlng to visit Chicago, to see the
ruins of the Great Conflagration, or otherwise,
should call al G.and Trunk Ticket OfHee, opposite
Preble House, where tickets can bo had at lowest
rates.
ocl7tf*ii D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
Printers or Machinists
Wishing (or small NTEAN EXtdlNEM, from
It j 2 horse power, will find it to their advantage to
call on
J. B. LUCAS,
09 EXCHANGK NTBEET.
DEALER IX
Machinist Tools and Supplies.
0«t4
GOLD DUST!
All lovers of CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. se|>5d2mo if
They tell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STJRF,
Fluent Bloclr,
«cp21-sneodtf Exchange st.
IV O T I O E
THE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the old
stand on Exchange street, where I aid stilt iu.nu
jacture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invite
all my customers and trie ads in general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the [.rices. I
have all brands ot Irapoited Cigars, and flue brands
ol Smoking Tobacco.
I waut two lirst class Cigar Makers—no p-*or oDes
wanted. E. PONCE, No. 80 Exchangu St.
yl-tf
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cPy will sell my
steck and place ot business at great d'seount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Finnic, Npnr«, Knees, Deck'
ing, and Trreuailn.
Also 30,000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on TAVLOK,
sept 19-sntl_176 Commer. ial st.
Sterling Exchange.
Biliit on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And nil its Rrnnrlira.
For sale In sums to Buif, by
J. R. BROWN SONS,
jcl3-sntt_tfy Exchange HU
rou s.in:
‘AS Shares Pint National Bank itotk.
13 Shares Casco National Bank Mot h.
State ol Maine. 6’n
Portland, O’n
Cincinnati,. »'i
Borerntncnt Bond, Bought and Sold.
-BV
H, m, PAISOH,
39 Exchange st., Portland.
aug‘22 sn
Great Reduction in Prices,
It you want more pictures fer your money, than
you ever received berore, call at the
n.-di_i DUi_l n n
i viiiuuu i uuiu£iapu Udiin y,
No 80 Midd’e Street.
Look ftt some ot the prices,
8 I.atjf Ferrolypse SO reiKa,
Former price 81 OO.
1*J C«r«l Frrroijpew SO rraia,
__ Former price I OO.
W Tin Type* SO erutn.
_ Foiiuer piice 81 OO
Picture* in Frnmc 93 eeul*.
Pholoiirnpli* 88 OO Per »*i.
SatTFor children under lire year* ol age, an addi
tional price will be charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
not an 2w
HiBRIED
In this city, Nov. 5, by Key. W. H. H. Plll.-burv,
Edward J. Park, of BatU, an 1 Mias Slaty A. Blow,
•ot P« rtland.
In Sou.h Paris, Oct 22. by Key. A. Haleb. Edward
5. bawver. of Portland, and Miss Lizzie O Hatch,
daughter ot the officiating r Itrgyman.
lu Paris, Oct. 31. Cliuudler Switt and Mias Clara E.
Bawson.
In WHcasset, Oot. E isha T. Sears and Martha
E. AyrrlU.
DIRB.
In Wiscasse*, Oet. 20, Susan Hilton, aged 7J years
7 motif is.
In Hartford, Oct. 20. Mrs. Sally C., wile ol Willunl
Luca.*, aged 79 years.
in Waldoboro, Oct. 1, Fred Fish, aged 22 years and
1 month.
In Waldoboro, Oct. 4, Hod. liobt- 0. Webb, a^ed
71 years 5 months.
in Wbcasset, Oct. 14, Mis Julia A wile of New
all Jackson, ag.d 33 years.
DBPAKTl'KE OF OCRAN SYR An Fits
NAME. WHERE PROM. DKS TIItAT I ON
Nevada.New York :Liven»orl v*
Kussia.New York, iLiver .00 S0T
Jolunium.New York Havana .£0T 8
r rus.-nan. Quebec f ivJrr?*..Nov> 9
Calabria.Now York I uSf.POO i*.Nov 11
JleopattM. New YoJk .Nov 11
lava....".....New York i'V ™.Nov It
ll*”ti.New Y^t ;too1.?0T !5
Hinl-.x.e Almanac 3o„mfcr r
11,1 Mo. n rl.es.
‘Q’1 bet»... Hteo f
JSf li 2St liiWfei.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Tuesday. Wot. 7,
a,.„- x. ahkivbd.
£%Ttj,z>%r*',kk',,,ke*st Joi,n nb' ?i*
Notioareil, Flmn, Boston, to load lor South
,o?rkHt.0"!rre''“' Burtlbam‘ Bristol,-dry fl,b tor a
CLEARED
W& R“bUr> ,Br,1'r—• Btctou, NS—A D
H*U‘8 R°9’' Ulr!cl1- ^JHIa-J Nlck
Sch Maryland, Orem, Bangor.
Baique Kliaa WltlR ot Portland.*wne<l |,y Geo 8
Hunt and others, is being overhauled and repaired
at Central dock. A few ol her outside planks have
been taken otr and new oner put on, aud the Is U-ing
treenailed tbroogh and through ri ottt stem to stern
Her inside timbers are found to be toaud and in ex
cellent condition.
uuuhntii: PORTS.
SAN FRANCISCO—A r 28th, barque gierra Neva
da, Panno, Uurrard Inlet.
Ar ‘.9th, brig Dem.cn Peed, Tacoma.
NEW (iRLKANS-CId 1st. barque Mary A Way,
Buxtetl, Pensacola.
Sid tm SW Pass 1st, barque Leonidas.
SAVANNAH—Ar 1st, seb D Talbot, Amesbury,
Itocklaud.
Ar doth barnue Marv O Reed, Stover, Boslon; seb
Farragut Smith. Kennebeo.
CHARLESTON—Sid 5th, sell CbasComery, lMnk
bam. Boston.
WlLMlNtiTON—Ar 3J, brig Lola,Snowman, tm
Rock] ort.
FORTRESS MONROE—Passed in 5th, brig Jen
u e Morton, Damage. trom Nttam.
BALTIMORE—Cld 3d, seh Windward, Lewis, tor
Alexandria.
Sid 3d, barque Darfng. tor Portland.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 4tb. barqnes II P Lord,
Pinkharn. Poittaod; Rachel. Norton, Bath.
Ar 4th. LrlgeHyperion, Woodbury, Irtnu Portland;
Frank Clark, Mortou, 8t Marys.
Ar Sglt, oriir Mauric*.,Carlson, Bangor; sell Ueor
giefta. Lawrence, Mobile,
NEW VOKK—Ar Pit, brig Tenerige. (new, 5121
Tracey. Millbridge; Hattie, Avery. Macl-lae OM
Hull. Hail, Windsor, NS. via Lube*; sols Yankee
Blade, Coombs. Rookport; FA Biitoy. Lgtke.Wmd
sor. NS;Ueo Kdbom; Srsnley. St donn. NB. White
Swan trom Calais; Eveline, Ollmore, and Moses Ed
dy, Cottrell, lteltaet tor Rondout; Empire. Ferguson,
do for do; Mattie Holmes, Stubbs, and Vicksburg,
Higgins, Bangor; L M Slrour, Dean, and A Ricbatda
Arey, do Rotiert B Smith. Marsden Portland; Ol.ve
Branch. Davis, Cutlor; Nettie Chase, Upton, and
T Benedict, Cro' kett, Portland: Hsuiilt Westbrook.
LMleJbbiri Vr B Darting, Smith; Geo Brooks Hum
phrey, and Ida L Hovard, Harrington, Portland;
Helen Maty ttuncan, Bangor: Adriaen. Dunton.
v. t». Wall*, llionituton; H.r.l.l, HaH,»nl Ella r’
Ciowed. Howes, UoHawl; la»ri« E WooJb.'y,
new) Woodbflry. VianRor; White Sea, .Jonew, Vmal
haven; A K Willard, Weeks, anil Clara f. Me '.myillo
i*‘4“for: Belle, Pie lee, V Inal haven;
Charlie*: Wuiie, Emery, do; Abhle, Emery. Keck
land; Lconfine Pratt; Jr mes Hent v, Tiuew< rtliy;
O'ire Avery. Oott. Rockland; Cmle Tom, Look, Hu
Port Chester: Garland. Lindsey, Bruediord; Marcus
HunPr Orr, Yarmouth, W A Demin.', Rockland
tor Philadelphia; Itoaz, Foss. Ellsworth: H.nrv.
Hatch, «Jone-port: Judge Lowe, 11 c»ev, Pembroke:
Percy. MahJiuan, Eaatport: T Hoot by Field, Leiand.
St .lohn N3; Isabella .Jewett Hopkins. Newport;
W H Sargen', Bar lent. Fall Hirer; 1) (i Flovd, Clif
ford. Elizabethport tor Portland; Pavilion, Parker,
do lor do: Kaie Mitchell, irom Calais; Swhwa, Kel
ley do; Siak, Johnson, and Frank, Andrews. Ir iu
Machhie* Montana, Sawyer; Sea I>og, Alien, and
F Coffin, do; Winslow Morse, Oliver, Bath; A-laS
Allen. Owen, Whitting.
Ar 4th. sch* Mary. Peterson, tin Port Johnson for
Por'laul; E;rl, Somers. and Comet, Allen, do t r do;
Alaska, Strou», Machiaa; Wig warn. Fields, Mill
bridge; Martha Weeks. Gott. Sullivan for KondouVL
Addle M Bi»d. Merrill, Rockland; Nellie F Burce.s,
Mr Keen, New Bedford; Webster Kelley, Haskell,
Providence.
Ar 6'Jj, baroue Eva H Fisk. Emery, Havana; ech
Lizzie. L?ighton, St John, NB.
Old 6th, snip Surprise, Kaulett, Shanghae; seba
Altavela. Joy, AuxCayes; Rnlh H Baker, l.oiing,
Port Spain; Sa/d>ni«n, Holbrook. Boston.
Passed through Hell Gate 5th. brig Antbles.Thest
rup, New Ym» tor Portland; *ch Starlight, Blatch
tord, do tor Calais.
BRIDGEPORT—Ar 4lh, schs Mary Lymtnrner,
and Nellie Doe. irom Bangor.
STOKING TON—Ar MU, brigs Julia L Bradford,
Calais; BeDj Oaiver, Williams, Bangor.
NEW HAVEN—Ar3lh, sets Sabuo, Lamjou, and
Bei j Strong. Gamier. Calais
Ar Mb, schs Fanny Keating. Kane, tm Savannah;
Starlight. Shute, Port Johnson.
FALL 111 VKK—Ar 5tb, ach Grecian, Coombs, tm
Lin com vide.
BR1S JOfi -Ar 5tb. sch George W Whiflord, (new)
Eddy. Kennebunk) ott.
PROVIDENCE—A r 6th, sebi Nora, Wallace, Mh
ct»1aa: Maggie B. .1 Hall, Rockland.
VINEYAKD-HA7FN-Ar Jth, seh M W Hupper,
GtltLan. Gard.ner ter Philadelphia.
Ar 5th, sch Teaser, Hamilton, Port Johnson lor
Port land.
Sid 5th. tebs Teazer, M W Hopper, Alice Oakes,
Louisa Bliis. and others.
BOSTON—Ar 6lb. nebs Marl >n Draper. Mcadv,
Georgetown; schs Dexter. Flood. Suriy NePie Carr,
Lam-il, Bangor. Vinnie Ream, Hendrick*, do.
C’kl 6tb. brig Ellen Bernard.Con tubs ll» w Orleans;
Br schs Ranger, Listen, and D W llark, Peck, tor
Portland.
ArTIh, «cbs Z cova, Norton, Bluehill; J Baker,
Johuson, Portland.
Cld 7th,*8hip Coringa. Bogart. Calcutta schs Eliza
S, Monroe. St John, NB, via Poitlaml; Nellie Bow
ers Stickpole. St John, NB.
SALEM Ar 6th, sebs Ratao, Remlck, Ellswoith;
Boston Fogg. Freeport.
DANVEIW—Ar 5th, sch Jas Lawrence, Sprague,
Calais.
FOREIGN FORI*.
Ar at Rangoon Sept 18, »bjp Harry Warren, Adie,
Alien.
Sid tin Leghorn 15 h ult, barque Abby Bacon, Mer
rill. Malta.
Sid to Lota Sept2, barque Nicholas Thayer, Cros
by, San FfancTw.
Shi im Helvoei 20th alt, barque Lavinia, Davis, lor
Boston.
At at Hamburg 21st ult, ship Vermont, Higgins,
CaMao.
SH tm Liverpool 21st, brig Albartl, Heriimau, for
Boston.
Ar at St John, NR, 4th inst, schs Alice S, Ferris,
and Bucco, Lewis, Portland.
I Per steamer Main, at New York.l
Sid »n> Calcutta Sept 22, Klua A Kenney, Kenney,
Dundee.
Sid tm Alexandra, E, 10th ult, Shamrock, Cole.
Eu<*land
Old at Havre 21st, Albert, Reed, Tvbee, (»a.
Sid im Heivoet 20th ult, UvIqIh, Davis, Boston.
Sid im Marseilles 10th alt, Syra, Corning, lor New
York.
Sid im Brouwergbaveu 2*th ult, Elipbalet Greeley,
Halcr< w Newcastle.
Ar at Liverpool *lst nit, Limerb-h Lass, Heaton,
New York; 22d, Jas E Ward, Nickerson, d«>; 23d,
Ernestine, Knight, Philadelphia; Gertrude, Carlisle,
trow. qo.
UlT Southwobl 91st, Gen Sbeptey, Merrlinan, from
iiarilepooi for New York.
Sid Im Newport 28th, 0 O Whit mote, Humphrey,
New York.
Ar at Cardift 21st. Franklin. Hassell, Antwerp.
Sid 2let, T F Whitten, Carver, Havana.
Newcastle—Eut ont 19ib, Mont Blanc, Herbert,
New Orleans.
Ar al Belfast 21st, F J Hende'son, Henderson, fin
Baltimore. 23J, .fane Adeline, Hutchinson, Phila
delphia; Total Cain, from Mitamiehi.
SPOKEN.
Oct 1, on Hie Equator, Ion 29 W. barque Tarcuiu,
from Brunswick, Ga, for Montevideo
Nov 1, lat 42 0*. Ion 60 53, ship E W Stetson, Irom
London lor Now York.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Maine Central Railroad.
WINTER ARRANGEMENT,
r'K'SgSSAp On and alter November 13'b, cur
fflPTwK rent, the new line between Danville
and OuinbJrlatid will he open lor use, and passenger
and all other trains w»T be tun 10 ail joints ol Hus
line frem ihe Depot ol Portland Kennchec K. K.
Co in Portland only, and all trams Irom this line
will arrive at that Depot only in Fortland. Passen
ger trains lor Bangor and all intermediate station.-,
via Lewis on and via Brunswick will leave at one (I)
P M. Night Express with Pullmiii Cars, at 12 30 a.
m, via Augusta, every night except Mondaj s.
A demon passenger trains lor August Bath, and
Lewiston via Danville, and all Intermediate stations,
ft 5 15 PM. Mixed train for Augusta, Bath and in
termediate stations ai G a m
FREIGHT TRAINS—Through train tor Bangor
and all intermediate stations east ot Waterville, via
Lewiston haves at three 13) a. im. taking freight ot
night previous Horn Boston. For Waterville an l
all imeimediate station* via Lewiston, -t 4 am. For
Skowliegan via Augu>U and all intermediate sta
tions including Bath aud Lewiston, at G am.
Passenger tralrs w’ll be due In Portland, Irom
Bangor, D«xter, Brlhigt, Farmington, Bath, aud all
iutertnediate sia'inn9 on this line at 2.35 r m, con
meting there wpn through trains to Boston. From
Augusta. Bath and Lewiston, aud all Intermediate
stations al 8 40 a xr, connecting with miming train
for Bod. n. Night rxpress wiih s'eei ing cars irota
lIango~, via, Augusta at 1 m, every morning ex
cept Mondays.
Mixed train (rom Augusta, Bath aud Lewiston,
and intermediate etanons at 6.41 P. M.
Freight train Irom Bangor and all intermediate
stations via Lewis on at 4.30 pm.
Fr..m SkoabtgtD via Augusta at 4 p m.
From Waterville and intermediate stations via
Lewiston, at 12 20 p m.
HF“The pasatnger train leaving Portland at I p m
connects at Bangor at 7 40 p m with through t aim
with Pullman cars to St John aud all stations on E.
N A|Kailway same night.
The night express Bom Portland conect* at Ban
gor at 7 30 A m with day train through to St John.
EDWIN NOYES, Supt.
L. L. LINCOLN, A*st. Supt.
Portlanl Nov G. 1871. nofitt
Sheriff’s Sale.
Cumberland bs.
r|*A EN on execution and will be sold at pabllo
1 auction on Saturday, the ninth day of l>e. em
ber, A. D. 1871. at ten o’clock in the loienooii, at the
Sheriff's cfllte in PertUud, in said County, a»l tLe
right iu cqui y which (ieorge 8. Tbunton oi Boston
In the County ot* Suffolk and Commonwealth of
MasgachusutU baa or had on the iwenty-eighth day
or April, 1871, at nine o’clock in the toiiiiooii, being
the time ft the at'acbmont of the fame on tho
oilgii al writ m this action, to redeem the following
dust libed mortgaged real es'ate.to wit: Aceitain
paictl of land and the bntldiups thereon, situated
in Ca;o Et?zaleh, lu said Ccunty ot Cumberland,
on the northwesterly side of the Portland, Saco
.Portsmouth railroad, and consisting ot thiee cet
ta*n !o s or lard as »r.Hcws: Wne lot mevorlng fitly
teet on a street wli ch adjoins laid railroad, and run*
Ling lock from add stieet northwesterly, hoaling
the same wid h to Barbary creek, being lot num
bered fifty seven (M) on a plan of hrmT Turner’s
island, and the same conveyed to George S. Thurs
ton by d«ed ol Geoige W. Koyes, da<e«l June W
IMG, recorded in Cumberland Registry of IJteds*
B >ok :'M, Page 96; and one lot measuring ote hun
dred teet on said s reot and extending buck letain
Ing the width of one hundred teet to Brirbar\ C iek
the same comprising lots numb led six and tlfi v
flvo (Wiou u pi to ot a tract ot land bouMht bv Hen
ry Bradbury ot N. VU kett, and the convert
to Georgo 8. Thurston by Joseph Wei s bv d rd
m.' *,Ml
To the LAD1DS
Of Portland Vicinity.
TH»S-EJSl,?In*‘° PorebaM 1*AT* BOX
h will be tor their advantage to tall
Vr* M 1« MEAI., .US C.n* .1,
Cn*ct», where they cm have tirHt-cIu*«
work done at re lsonuble prices. no8*2m
Cow for Sale.
COW with rail by b.r able. W»i ranted lo ,lre 14
hiia’ls tnllk per day. May be teen at
uotal.it* UAfT. SAUEltS STABLE.
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(Late Brown's Hall,)
WILL be let lor Lectures, Concerts, levees, and
private turtles, on liberal terms. Two draw
ing rooms, water cloaete, «Src.> connected with toe
Hull. Apply to _
QEO. K. DAVIS CO.,
_ wainewrodD _ At I be Hall._
fiiil 'HR In want ol Plain or Faney Jotl Print!oil
1 will Ami ii I" their advantage to ea.l on W I
M a ima, ut I be Daily Press Job Printiuj; OOlre, El
change Street, Pvn'Jaud.