THE STATESMAN.
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 9, 1871
The Democratic flalraaaa baa ibe
largest bona-fide cirrnlntion, in both city
nnacoantrr, of AN V paper published at
me iapiiai.
LOCAL MATTERS.
Thi following gentlemen are authorized
agents for the Dmocbatic Statesman.
Major J. D. Sayers, Bastrop, Bastrop Co.
Albert Giesecke, Shovel Mount.
Gammage Hunter, Palestine.
J. H. Stien, HamptOD, Hamilton coucty.
T. B. Owens, Gatesrille, Coryelle county.
Dr. J. M. Hemphill, Martin, Falls county.
W. M. Key, Riddleville, Karnes county.
Levi Able, Groegbeck.
Captain F. L. Price, Georgetown.
Charles Fassett, Clarksville.
J. W. Cartwright, Stephenaville, Erath Co.
B. A. Brown. Blanco, Texas.
M. C. Muckols, Caldwell county.
Alston Duggan, San Marcos.
R. D. Cude, Cude's Mill, Hays county.
SStejB-'. Texas.
Pierre H. Brown, Dallas, Tex a-.
Giles H. Burditt, Walnut creek.
John G. Gordon, San Gabriel, Texas.
J. W. Fleming, San Saba, Texas.
J. C. Brown, E3q., Fayette county.
Col. R. A. Rutherford, Travis county.
Captain D. C. Carrington, Leona, LeB co.
Squire Breedlove, Mountain City, Hays Co.
George W. Glasscock, Georgetown.
Jobn A. Forbes, Florence, Williamson Co.
W. H. Burgess, Seguin.
Lemons and oranges are to be found in
abundance in Austin now.
The school boys are improving this One
weather in the game of base ball.
Oysters in the shell are making their ap
pearance iu the eating saloons of our city.
Oar schools are all well filled with pupils,
and everything is going on smoothly and
satisfactorily.
Goods shipped from Houston on the Cen
tral road, suffer no detention now at any
point along the line.
Judging from the reduction on many of our
dry good shelves, our merchants must be
Belling large quantities of goods.
Our fall gardens are in a Nourishing condi
tion, and vegetables are becoming plenty and
reasonable in our market.
Small bouses at cheap rents are in great
dtmand in Austin. Our capitalists could not
invest their money to better advantage than
building two or three hundred small dwel
lings. Old John Robinson's Menagerie and Circus
performed in Columbia, South Carolina, on
the 30th ult. This great caravan will reach
here abont the last of December. Boys save
your dimes.
Why don't the Legislature make provision
for repairing the fence around the Capitol
square It i3 seriously needed. Perhaps it
is left in that condition to emblemise the
shattered and ruined condition of the State
finances under Radical management.
We direct attention to the law card of Mr.
W. A. II. Miller, Mr. Miller practices in all
the courts and doe? a general collecting busi
ness. Beiog a native of Texas, hewill proba
bly receive a fair share of public patronage.
We were pleased to receive a call this morn
ing from Mr. A. R. Johnson, of Burnet. Mr.
Johnson is engaged in the land and collects
ing business, and also acts as our agent. We
are already indebted to him for several sub
scribers and other favors. Sec busine33 card
in to-day'B paper."
Wk know that for cleaning paint, windowa
china and glassware; for polishing knive3,
tin, iron, brass and copper wares, and for res
moving stain3 from marble and porclain, aud
rust from machinery, Enoch Morgan's Sons
Sapolio is the best thing in use.
Had AuBtin not possessed the Steam Fire
Engine, backed by an efficient Company, the
Baving of the Avenue Hotel block, including
the postoffice and several mercantile houses,
would havo been a sheer impossibility and
with this building in flames, no one can say
where the devonring element would cease its
work of destruction. The confining of the
fits to tho stable has saved to the city many,
many, times the cost of the engine.
On Sunday evening Mrs. Talbot delivered a
lecture in the Ball of Representatives upon
the Spiritual Philosophy. The audience was
very large, the hall being crowded even to
the gallery, while chairs were brougot from
the Senate Chamber and placed in the isles
for the accommodation of tho3e noxious to
bear. A deep interest was manifested in the
Bubject presented, and we believe the lecturs
er gave good satisfaction. In our next issue
we shall publish a review of the discourse.
Pktkrson's Masazisb. Its stories are cons
ceded to be the bast published anywhere. In
each number is at least one beautiful steel en
graving, a superb double size colored fash
ion plate, wood cuts of the newes: bonnets,
hats, caps, he4d-dresses, cloaks, jackets, ball
dresses, house-dresses, etc. Palerns for every
.day dresses. A variety of fancy work.
House ho'd receipts. New and fashionable
music. This Magazine is a dollar less than
any other. Terms Ono copy one year S2.
Address Charles J. Peterson, No. 306
Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The troubles of the gentleman from Smith
must have once been great. The sympathetic
account given by Ca'dwell, of Dorris, in re
gard to this episode were truly heart-rending.
He and tho young Dorris must certainly
have had a terrible time hiding in the swamp3
of Louisiana. The ways of the deserter
are sometimes bard. He had to protect
himself from the watery elements by lying
first upon one side, and then upon the other,
to keep up an equilibrium. This thing of
turning has become chronic in his case, and
be still insists up the privilege to lie upon
either side 1
The case of Uoo Mexicano v. Hon. Ander
son Dorris, came up for final adjustment last
Saturday, aad we understand was dismissed
by tho Mayor on the plea that knocking
a man down with a cane was cot a breach of
the peace. We suppose after this Radical
members of the Legislature may waylay and
pummel citizens with impunity, so far as the
law is concerned. Bat if such an attack as
that of which Mr. Dorris is guilty is not a
breach of the peace, what in God's name is
it? And on what grounds does Glenn cols
lect the larger portion of the fines that he
assesses upon culprits? But the course
pursued in the case of Mr. Dorris, was with
out doubt strictly partisan throughout, and
should be so understood by the public.
School Books. The '-National Series" of
School Text books, published by A. S. Barnes
4 Co., of New York, and adopted by the
Board of Education as a uniform standard
for the State of Texas, comprise some of the
best books published for the use intended.
Clark's DUgram English Grammars, Mon-
teith ana McN ally's Geocranhies. Dr. Davies
Arithmetics, Algebras and Geometry, cer
tainly rank with any works with which we
are familiar, for use iu schools, and are
standard works. The others named in the
advertisment, (to be found in another column
and to which we direct special attention.
7
are in the main good, and we think cannot
fail of becoming popular wherever used.
1 Eff PUBLIC ATIO.VS.
The November No. of the Southern Cultis
rator is before cs, full of the rich harvests of
experience, and of suggestions from thought
ful men. No farmer can read ibis valuable
publication without gathering hints that will
enable him to improve his management in
some particulrr. It is the great medium for
interchange of experience among Southern
farmers, baving numerous correspsndents in
every Southern State. Address, "Southern
Cultivator," Athens, Ga. Price $2 a year.
Aiiesicax Journal of Puoxogbapby. The
November number of this periodical Is before
U3. The Journal is devoted to the dissemi
nation of phonetic shorthand, and tho sim
plification of the art with a view to its more
general introduction into the schools of the
country. The editor, Mrs. Burns, is one
of those practical phonographcT3 who does
not believe phonography beautiful s it is
is quite perfect, aad she is consequently de
voting her leisure time to experimenting and
corresponding with experienced shorthand
practitioners on the subject, believing the
few anomalies now existing in the system
may be removed. We da not supposo pho
nography has yet arrived at that stage of
development when it can be said there is no
chance for further improvemeut, and shall
therefore read the suggestions of Mrs. Barns
with much interest. The editor of the Jour
nal adhears, in the main, to the sy3tem of
phonetic shorthand presented in thewo.ks of
Mr. Munson, which we decidedly prefer, and
which we recommend to those about to com
mence the study of the arc. A practical
knowledge of shorthand is so useful in al
most every avocation of life, that we would
gladly see it introduced into our schools as
one of the regular branches of iiutiuction.
For books or information, address, Burns k
Co., 33 Park Row, New York.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Washington, November 7. Massachusetts.
Scattering returns indicate unusual majority.
rew lork Majority in the city estimated
at 50,000. Large vote; Tammany triumph
ant. Probable number of arrestB not unusu
al. Tweed polling an immense vote in the
third ward. At Albany, Republicans polled
a large vote. Weather has been fine.
New Jersey Election in Jersey City pro
gressing quietly. Full vote. Rioting re
ported in Camden.
Maryland Election quiet.
New York, November 7. Several arrests
of election officers for doubtful practices have
occurred. Otherwise election progresses
quietly.
In the city, Tweed's majority i3 12.000.
Norton and Waltham and general Tarama- y
Senator elected. Tammany elected thirteen
Assemblymen and Spencer and Jones judges
of the supreme court. Seymour aod Tildcn
are elected.
Ffty-s:x towns show Republican gain of
2,960. Jarvis Lard re-elected from Monroe
Distuct. Tweed elected by a large majority.
Sedwick, the Tammany candidate for the
Supreme Court, is defeated. O'Brien elected
by a large majority. Shandley probally
beats Siegel; contest closo.
Natches, November 7. Election passed off
quietly. Republican vote here estimated at
2,500. No opposition.
icksburs, November 7. Election passed
off quietly with the exception of a few small
fights. No reliable news before morning.
Washington, Aovember 7. Gen. Aucur
commands the third department, corapising
Texas and Indian Territory. Headquarters
at San Antonio.
Philadelphia, November 3. Goldsmith
Maid beat Lucy for S:!,000. Time 2:20.,
2:18 J, 2:18 j beating Drxler's t me over the
Suffolk Park track.
Cincinnati, November 3. The Fedoral
Grand Jury indicted Benjamin F. Davidson,
army contractor, for preasnting fraudulent
vouchers for forage amounting to 70,000.
ban Fcancisco, November 4. Chinese
companies are sucing Los Angelos for dam
ages on account of the late massacre.
The Apaches, on tne 15th of October, CO
strong, attacked a ranch on San Simon, in
Arizona, killed one man, wounded another,
and burned the place. There are 500 Indians
on ration rolls at Camp Grant. On last
ration day only 50 answered, tbe remainder
being on the war path.
Han tRANClsco, November 5. A courier
from Tucson rcpjrts that the Apaches who
murdered Barnes were overtaken at Horse
Shoe cannon by Captain Russell, and 7."
Indians could not be driven from their posi
tion. A Bbarp fight resulted, killing a citi
zen guide, two horses and wounding two
soldiers. It is stated that the Indians ere
headed by Cachise, with whom Yiucent Col
yer 13 said to have made peace.
Washington, November 5. The Prcsis
dent's instructions to the Federal oSccrs
were that there should be a firm but judicious
enforcement of the laws in Utah no com
promise with criminals.
Salt Lake, November 5. Last advice re
port Brigham Young at tbe extreme southern
boundary of the territory.
Heavy snow; severe winter apprehended.
New York, November C. The ctlicc of tho
Hoboken Leader, Democratic paper, was en
tered early this morning, the type pied and
the office thrown into confusion.
Locisvillb, November 5. The pillar sop
porting the main floor of tbe African D.iptist
Church on the corner of Fifth ani York
streets, gave way, when the congregation
panicked. Nine women and two children
were trampled to death on the stairs.
London, November 4. A telegram in the
morning prints have a special dispatch frcn
Pari3 containing a statement of a plot against
the present government of Spain of a
dangerous character that has been discov
ered in that city.
London, Nov. 5. The British expedition
for observation of the total eclipse to tske
place on the Uthcf December, has arrived at
Malta.
PORT OF IXDIANOLA.
ENTERED.
Fur theut-ek ending Tu-.id.ii, Oclohr 1371.
Schooner Fanny Fern, Saunders, Pensacola.
Schooner Wm. A. Morrill, Keen, Teiisacola.
Schooner Minnie, Hudson, New York.
Schooner Grace B. Wtst, Lord, New York.
Steamship Clinton, Frahm, New Orleans.
Schooner Henrietta, Steinh irt, Corpus
Christi and Rockport.
Schooner Martha M. Heath, Nickerson, N.Y.
Steamship Hutchinson, Talbot, N. Orleans.
Schooner Wcnonah, Kimball, Feitsitt oiu.
Schooner Sarah, Welherell, TeTaun.
CLEARED.
Schooner A pnes, Grtill, Corpus Christi.
Steamship Clinton, Frahm, New Orleans.
Schooner Fanny Ftrn.Sannders, Pensacola.
Schooner Wm. A. Morrill, Keen, Pensncola.
Schooner Emily, Moore.C. O. and Rockport.
Schooner Wenonah, Kimball, Pensacola.
Steamship Hutchinson, Talbot, N. Orleans.
PORT OF GALVESTON".
ENTERED.
For the u-eek ending Friday, Kovcnibtr 3, 1871.
Steamship Hutchinson, Talbot, N. Orleans.
Steamship Clinton, Frahm, Indianola.
Brig Wm. Mallory, Jr, Burrows, New York.
Sloop Undine, Robinson, Mobile.
Bark Henry Flitner, Dickey, Boston.
Steamship Morgan, Lockwood, N. Orleans.
Bark Collin E. M. Neil, Crowell, New York.
Steamship Clinton, Frahm, Indianola.
Steamship St. Mary, Hawthorn, N. Orleans.
Steamship City of Houston, Pennington.
New York.
British bark Susie, Lemon, Cardiff.
Schooner Nellie Crowell, Crowell, N. Y.
Steamship Harlan, Lewis, New Orleans.
Schooner J. M. Taylor, Fauria, Pensacola.
CLEARED.
Steamship Hutchinson, Talbot, Indianola.
Steamship Clinton, Frahm, New Orleans.
Schooner Julia, Sarcovich, San Bernard.
Schooner Yolumnia, Snow, Pensacola.
Steamship Morgan, Lockwood, Indianola.
Steamship St. Mary, Uawthornejndiancia.
Steamship Wilmington, Cole, New York.
Dutch brigVierGerbrocderSjKlyn, Amster
dam. Steamship Harlan, Lewis, Indianola.
The Mavor of Macon. Georgia.
j j O
offers a premium of 50 to the prcS
iest girl under 17, who shall apear in
a homesupon dress at tho State Fair.
The Shoe and Leather reporter
represents the loss of that interest at
Chicago at 10,000,000. The East
will feel this blow wery severely, as
Chicago was a large purchaser.
SPEECH OF A. DORRIS
Delivered at tlie Capitol Friday Evening,
Aovfnber 3.
Ladi-cs a.-cd Gentlemen: It Clla my
heart with joy to see so many of the
younj' and lovely m this hall to-msht.
When I compare tho present occupants
of these seats with the tobacco
chewing, whisky drinking, swearing,
cursing and profane men who usually
occupy them, and who, as occupants of
those seats, sit to make the laws which
we must obe, I can't help wishing
you youn ladies were the lawmaker,
and I was your assistant, and that
lady Dorris would not protest what
laws we would pass,andas for adjourn
ment, why Lord love your souls this
session of the Legislature would last
forever.
But the presence of so many laven
der scented young men with hair parted
in the middle, and cultivating whisk
ers, which in their incipiency resemble
tho mould to be found on the coast of
a stale pit, reminds me that I was
called upon to address the young men
of Austin, and I at once address
myself to the subject.
I wish you to go back to the days
when you were babes on your mothers
knees. What knew you then of poli
tics? Did you cat'O whether the abo-
lishioners rave the niirser an aker of
mule and forty niggers of land? or
wuether L. J. Davis succeeded in Sc
ceshiou and Ku-Kluxed the white men
of Limestono county? Not a bit.
Therefore why whoop tho child
Show me the young man who, when
he goes to church or other like gaely,
reposes to take his sister, and I'll
show you a young man who's got crin
oline upon the brain, and prefers to go
Willi some other fellows' sister. It s
like the measles, it's ketchin.
Tlicn, why whoop the child Now
young ladies when you see a young
man getting round shouldered by to
ting a long cabbage leaf cigar in his
mouth, there's something behind the
cigar. Its a viper smoking leads to
drinking, drinking leads to gambling,
deloriuni tremaiis, quack doctoring,
swindling tho school fund and all
other things that's bad. I can prove
it by Dr. K. K. Smith, now present and
whose sinjrle word is sufficient testi
mony upon anv of these points. Smok
ing is bad.
but don t whoop the child.
Now, young ladies, I trust you will
excuse my disultory remarks. I am
all flustrated. I have been harrassed
nearly to death for two days. I
don't blamo the good people of
Austin. But I do blame that long jack
legged lawyer whom you call Mayor.
But, why under the sun you shotild
call him Mayor is a puzzle to me. It
is an insult upon the bosom cauipanion
of the horse. I don't blame Davis for
making him Mayor. They are friends
and the administration of cities in the
whole State of Texas is a proof of the
truth that Davis elevates his friends
to office, and it also accounts for the
fools in office and the trouble made all
over tho State.
Regarding politics, we try people as
chair makers, if they fail we try them
as farmers, if they fail we try them aa
herders of cattle. If they let the cat
tle all escape and prove worthless as
herders we make politicians of tliera,
and when too poor for a negro politi
cian, wo pension them upon the school
fund as examiners, supervisors and
teachers, or make them heads of de
partments. Now, regarding my bill permitting
plurality of wives I defend it here,
not for the sake of mankind; but when
any two women can agree upon any
one man, and arc willing to support
him they should be permitted so to do.
It is uwt wrong.
Then why whoop the child
Djiris thou proceeded to answer
questions that were propounded ns
follows
our pinion on woman's suffrage
by E. II. Quick.
I am for female suffrage. When I
look around me and see men, married
men, men leaving children and wives
at home, fond wives and loing afft-c-tionatc
children when I see these
men at halls and parties, at theatres
and concerts aud cut buggy riding
with young ladies, or still worse, with
the wives of other men, I cannot help
fooling that woman who sutlers in si
lencc, has a right to cast her influence
and hvr vote to make laws and society
what it should bo rather than what it
is. And if those men who grumble at
woman's rights would stay at home,
become acquainted with their wives
and get an introduction to their own
children, t'jis world of ours would be
better; it would do them all good to
hold tiie baby while their wives went
to vote. That's my opinion of female
suffrage. Hut if this is so
Why whoop the child
Questions by Kev. G. W. Honey
Did you keep time when Senators
Latimer aud Tyle run the race at the
Turn Vcrein
An.ver Never. This is a demo
cratic lie got up f(..r electioneering pur
poses. This lio was told on me ly
that Correspondence- Reporter of the
Statesman. Him as said I font the
Mcxic in about the eggs. I will now
tell you all about them eggs. I did
not lay them eggs myself, neither did
I own the hen that laid them, neither
was I acquainted with her. The Mex
ican bought them of me, and found
them like our htuiup-tail politicians,
bad eggs, he called mc a lie, I plaster
ed his head with a lump of butter, for
which offence I have been persecuted
for two days by your mayor and his
nigger policemen. Iut that vicious
Statesman, niis-state3 it it accuses
me of things I never did; it is becom
ing a l'omeroy's Democrat, and that
arc Correspondent is worse nor Drick.
But as bad as I hate him
Why whoop the child 1
Question Your opinion of hen fruit
Answer I consider this question
personal and refer the questioner to
his mother. But 1 wiil say, if the fruit
that made daddy Adam that trouble in
the garden by the river Euphrates, was
not au egg, instead of an apple, I am
as poor a bible student cs Georg
Slaughter.
Question Do you thiuk the Govern
ment did right in arresting Brigham
Young for his belief in a plurality of
wives
Answer No. I hold that women
seeing the great curse a man sometimes
proves to be, have a right to take it in
homeopathic doses by clubbing to
gether and twenty or more taking one
husband together, ou shares. While
man finding one woman au angel has
a right to make a heaven of h:s own
by taking a hundred, providing he can
settle the dressmakers arid milliners
bills.
Question At what age do you think
young men ought to marry?
Auh wer This depends entirely upon
the man. As this question is germnin
to my subject, I willingly reply to it,
and then close. There arc some men
who ought to marry at about the age of
one hundred; these meu start out with
such a strung loye for themselves that
they have no room in their poor hide
bound gizzards to enshrine God's
6weetest boon to man. These "frost
bitten" cusses can be seen daily exhib
iting themselves behind some tassel
eared horse on the public thorough
fares. There arc others who ought to
marry at once, provided they could
find 6ome angel of mercy willing to
consecrate her life to tho task of refor
mation and the conversion of an almost
dissipated youth into a gentleman and
useful citizen.
And, lastly, there are some who
before they marry should strive to solve
the mathematical problem of main
taining a wife in fashionable attire
costing five thousand dollars per annum
upon a yearly income of two thousand
dollars; and inasmuch as great infeli
cities of married life have ariz from
inability to successfully solve this
problem after marriage, and difficulties
presented themselves which have only
been adjusted by a divorce, or death.
I would refer such persons to one of
great experience in these matters, the
Chairman of the Finance Committee of
the Senate, the gentleman from Brazos,
Ladies aud gentlemen, I thank you
for your attendance, This gathering,
so much larger than that which hon
ored my old friend frJm Rusk, when
he spoke, I receive as an iuteidcd
compliment to talent and honesty
Good night.
Help at Last.
From tho Louie viile Courier-Journal.
It is a sad commentary upon the
present condition of political affairs
in this country that the very prin
ciple of its organization is overridden
and the spirit of its existenco as
sailed in one of the principal States,
and that tho people of that State
appeal to their fellowscitizens of the
common country without a hearing.
Though not so immediate in their
operation, the violations of the Con
stitution and the disregard for tho
freedom of tho citizen which exist in
Texas are of equal importance to
the whole country. The present
condition of affairs there is danger,
ous to the very existence of the
American system, and should give
occasion for alarm to every Ameri
can citizen. If this is not remedied
early, its evil will grow and spread,
permeating in its stealthy and
treacherous advance the government
of State after State, and sanctioned
by the unmistakable tendency of the
present administration of the Gen
eral Government, until it takes pos
session of and undermines the or
ganism of the Constitution, and de
stroys the chartered rights of err
ree government.
This is no sudden outburst of
alarm sounded at the sight of some
questionable act of partisan legisla
tion or partisan administration. Our
convictions in regard to tho ten
dency of this Texas matter are
founded upon a closo watchfulness of j
four years of oppression and despotic
misrule in one of the most promising
fctates of the enion, and that by a
single man, who is encouraged by
party leaders who were put in
power by the people on tho strength
ot their protestations to protect and
preserve the very liberties which they
are now destroying. And this is not
tho first time we have spoken out in
behalf not only of the people of
Texas, who are now suffering, but in
behalf of those all over the country
whom this evil is sure to reach in time
if it is allowed to go on unchecked and
unrcbuked. We havo called atten
tion to it repeatedly, and it has come
to be a grave matter when such
things are carried on in open day
light under tho eye3 of the whole
country, and the people are so slug
gish of their rights, and tho press so
dead to its province and its power as
not to raise a baud or a voice to re
buke the offenders or defend the in
stitutions under which they have
lived and prospered.
The people of Texas recognizing
in Senator Schurz, tho leader of an
element of the Republican party, lib
eral enough to listen to them, wrote
him a long letter several weeks ago,
reciting their grievances and calling
upon him, and through him upon the
liberal-minded people of the whole
country, to consider their desperate
and dangerous condition. This let
ter was published by a few papers,
and received but a passing notice
from others. It was signed by a
large number of the most prominent
citizens of tho State, and bore out
fully our statement of the condition
of affairs there. Yet the press and
tho public passed by a matter that,
in the old days when the peoplo were
most watchful and sensitive of their
liberties, would have waked up the
country from one end to the other.
It is useless to state again the
outrages which a corrupt Governor,
backed by a corrupt and fraudulent
Legislature, has perpetrated in Tex
as. They have been published over
often. The hypocritical acts es
tablishing a State IVice; a reserved
militia; regulating tho registration of
voters; regulating elections; estab
lishing free public schools; regulating
public printing; levying and collect
ing taxes; disarming the people; en
abling the Governor to appoint offi
cers, and establishing thirty-five
official newspapers, have, under the
pretense of preserving the peace and
promoting the interests of the State,
put an immense matter of patronage
and power in the hands of cruel and
unscrupulous man, and deprived forty
thousand white people of the privi
lege of voting. The respectable men
of the Stato have no voice in the
government, but are ruled and out
raged by a set of interlopers and dis
reputable negroes, who have got into
power by means cf fraud, and hold
their places by the power they them
selves have created.
At Groesbcck, during the recent
election, several of the Governor's
negro polico created a disturbance
and shot an unoffending old man.
The murderers were arrested by the
county authorities, whereupon the
Governor declared martial law, and
his thirty-five official newspapers
printed and scattered broadcast over
tho country startling accounts of the
violence that was being committed by
the Democrats. Gen. Reynolds, the
military commander, went to the
place, and, after an investigation, de
clared that martial law was wholy un
necessary. Still he was unable to
remedy tho matter, and the people
are still subjected to the rigors and
cruelties of bayonet law as executed
by tho Governor's police. Mr. W. C.
Tomlinson, editor of the Groesbcck
Enterprise, a Democratic paper, was
arrested on charge of inciting the
riot, by publishing an "extra," which
only contained an account of the
murder, thrown into prison and al
lowed to communicate with no one for
several hours, when he was released
upon 10,000 bail.
This direct assault upon the press
and the people is the last and most
dangerous act of this outrageous offi
cial. It is indicative of what may
await the inhabitants of any county
that dares arrest the Governor s po
lice when they commit cold-blooded
murder, or any journalist that de
nounces such crimes, and calls for
the punishment of those who com
mit them. The muzzling of tbe
press is a new undertaking for Davis,
and he will find it an exceedingly un
profitable one. It was tried by Hoi
den, in North Carolina, under about
the same circumstances, and, when
he lost his grip upon the bayonet, he
found himself impeached and ousted
from the office which he had dis
graced. The day has come when
the popular uprising of the peoplo is
a last resort. The battles which they
once fought are now left to the press,
which has grown to be a power which
the mightiest rulers respect. It is
the voice of tho people, and only
when it is completely trodden under
foot by the power of the bayonet
does it become necessary for tho peo
ple to speak in propria persona. The
press of Texa3 is able, bravo and
powerful, and Gov. Davis will find in
it a dangerous enemy.
But will this be a fight in Texas
alone? "What we want to do is to call
tho attention of the Democratic par
ty and the liberal-minded and pa
triotic people of tho Republican par
ty, to the alarming tendency of this
maladministration of tho law and the
violations of the Constitution that
are perpetrated by tho party in pow
er there. It is a sin that will be
come dangerously familiar, if we see
it too often and tolerate it too much.
The conditon of affairs in Texas calls
for the immediate attention of the
peoplo of this country, who must hold
responsible those who placed Davis
and his supporters in power.
VEX Al SCISSORS.
"Brothers in arms" Twin boys.
A postal telegraph is being talked
ot.
It is rumored the Pope will very
soon leave Rome.
Montpensier is going to tako his
seat in the Cortes.
Extortionate prices are asked for
bricks in Chicago.
The treaty between Germany and
Franco has been ratified.
The Papal conclave is to meet in
France, not in Rome.
The French Government owes
Switzerland 250,000,000 francs.
Peter Palmer is erecting a new
Grand Hotel at Chicago.
The French army consists of nine
corps since it3 reorganization.
When does a man feel girlish
When he makes his maiden speech.
Barbers make many friends, but
scrape more acquaintances.
When is a clock on the stairs dan
gerous When it runs down
The best person indeed, the only
person to fill a vacum, i3 a dentist.
A lobster never comes ashore with
out great risk of getting into hot wa
ter. Sermcno, a revolutionist, after bo
ing routed, fled to Brownsvillp, Tex
as. O. E. Hall, formely proprio or of
tee St. Charles, at Isew Orleans, is
dead.
Gladstone has made a speech at
Greenwich, declaring that Ireland
was more'eontented.
The man who Toped the question
by starlight got hisanswer in a twiuk
ling. Farmers gathering their stock corn
sing "Fodder, dear fodder come home
with mo now."
A city man who knows all about
farming, says the best way to raise
strawberries is with a spoon.
Amonc the chief attractions at a
Georgia fair is a patent incubator
which will hatch five hundred chick
ens a day.
A remarkabl preacher was it who
called upon his congregation to be
thankful that Providence should
have placed death at the end of life,
and not in the middle, so that we
might have all possible time to pre
pare for it.
A A'ovcl Wager.
A London paper informs us thy,
a wager lately came off in that citat
the terms of which wcro as follows:
"I will bet any man X100 that
he cannot make a million strokes
with pen and ink within a month."
They were not to be mere scratches
and dots, but fair down Etrokes, such
as form tho child's first lesson in
writing. A gentleman accepted the
challenge. Tho month allowed was
the lunar month of only twenty-
eight days, so that the completion
of tho undertaking, an average of
0,000 strokes per diem was re
quired. This is sixty per minute,
or 3G00 per hour and neither the
human intellect nor the human hand
can be expected to do more would
call for ten hours labor in every
twenty-four. With a proper re
spect for tho Sabbath, the gentle
man determined to ob3tain from his
work on Sundays, and by this de
termination diminished by four days
the period allowed him; at the same
time, by so doing, he increased the
daily average of his strokes to up
ward of 41,000. On the first day
ho executed 50,000; on tho second
day nearly as many. But at length
after many weary days, his hand be
came stiff and weary, the wrist
swolen, and, without interrupting its
progress over the paper, it required
the almost constant attendance of
some friend to besprinkle it with a
lotion calculated to relieve and in
vigorate it. On the twenty-third
day the million strftkes, ex
ceeded by some thousands, "to
make assurances doubly sure," were
accomplished. Ihese interesting
papers are not placed in the arch
ives of the Royal Society, of which
the gentleman is a fellow, but were
claimed and received by the person
I who made the wager.
A Sleepj David.
In a certain small town on the
Mississippi, lived a man who made
horse trading a business. He bought
up horses for a city market, and
was considered pretty good on the
trade.
One day, a long, lean, queer,
green lookmg specimen of the West
em country arrived at the dock with
a boat load of horses. lie inquired
tor the horse jockey.
"Daddy sent me down with 6ome
horses," he said in a half idiotic
tone.
"Who is he?"
"Daddy."
"What do you want for your
horses:
"Daddy said you could set yeur
price, was the response.
"Let mo go down and look at
your horses, said Brown, and ac
cordingly they were soon at the
boat.
Brown examined the horses, and
named the price he would give for
this one and for that, and the coun
try bumpkin made no objection, al
though some of the offers were not
more than one-half the worth of the
animals. One of the bystanders
said to the countryman that he was
being cheated, but he returned:
"Daddy said Brown would set the
price," and so Brown had it all his
own way.
At last they came to another ani
mal, which did not look so superior
to the rest.
"I must have more for this ani
mal," said the fellow. "Daddy
says he can run some."
"Run! said Brown, "the nag
can't run worth a cent."
"Daddy said so, and daddy
knows."
"Why, I've got one up to tho sta
ble that would beat him all hollow."
"Guess not," said the fellow.
"Let's try 'cm. I'll bet tho whole
boot load of horses on 'em."
Brown smiled.
"I'll stake five thousand dollars
against your boatload," said Brown,
winking to the crowd; "and these
men, selecting two, "shall hold the
stakes."
Brown's five thousand was in
trusted to one, and the other went
on board the horso boat.
One of tho crowd started to re
monstrato with the idiotic fellow,
but he only responded.
"Golly! dad told mo he could
run some, and daddy ought to loose,
as he was such a tarnal fool to tell
me that when he couldn't."
Brown's sleek racer was brought
down and Brown mounted him. The
countryman led out his animal and
clambered on his back, looking as
uncooth and awkward as the horse
he proposed to ride.
The word was given and they
started amidst the laughter of the
crowd. At first Brown was at the
head, and it looked as if the poor
fellow was to bo badly beaten, when
suddenly his Lcrse plunged forward
and the jockey was left far behind.
Such going had not been seen in
those parts for a long time, and
poor Brown was crestfallen as tho
cheers of the bystanders fell cn Lis
cars.
"I'll take tho 'spoudulix,' said
the countryman, riding up. "Dad
was right. The anermal can git
around a little."
Brown tried to say it was a joko,
but the fellow would have his money.
"I guess I won't trade to-day,"
ho 6aid, as he put up his old rough
leather pocket-book, "I'll go back
to daddy."
Sleep, Tainting, Apoplexy.
When a man is asleep, his pulse
beats and his lungs play, but he is
without sense, and you can wake him
up.
If a person faints, he too is with
out sense, but he has no pulse, and
does not breathe.
Apoplexy is between the two; the
heart beats, tho lungs play as in
sleep, and there is no sem;o as in
fainting, but you cannot shake the
man back to life.
In sleep the face is natural in a
fainting fit it has the palor of death;
in apoplexy it is swollen, turgid, and
fairly livid.
If a man is asleep let him alone
nature will wake him up as soon as
he has got sleep enough.
When a person faints, all that is
needed is to lay him down flat on the
lloor, and ho will "come to" in dou
ble quick time. lie fainted because
tho heart missed a beat, failed for
an instant, failed for onlv once to
send the amount of blood to the
brain. If you place the patient in
a horizontal position, lay him on his
back, it docs not require much force
of tho heart to send the blood on a
level to the head but you Bet a man
up, the blood has to be shot upward
to tho head, and this requires much
more force yet in nino cases out of
ten, if a person faints and falls to
the floor, the first thing dono is to
run to him and set him on a chair.
In apoplexy, as thcro is too much
blood in the head, every one can see
that the best position is to set a man
up, aud the blood naturally tends
downward, as much so as water will
come out of a bottle when turned
upside down, if the cork is out.
Financial and Commercial.
Acstis, November 9, 1871
Salt Liverpool coarse scarce at $5 00
per sack.
Meal $1 25 per bushel.
Fodder 1 t0 per hundred pounds.
Northern butter in 10 pound canns 40 cts.
per pound wholesale.
Pntntnea Si 50 ner barrel and declininz.
Lard at IB cts., and abundant
Bacon clear sides 12 J wholesale.
Pecans $1 75(5,S2 per bushel and declining
COTTON.
Liverpool Firm at SSgOJ l. and declin-
ei. r- I
inrr. Ualveston oieaay ai latinia-ic. mr
good ordinary.
CORN.
Texas, new, per bushel by wagon load SI 20.
FLOUR,
r irm We Mtiotr-:
Northern, or St, Louis, XX per bbl. 11
Choice Family 14 13
ii Fancy 15
WOOL
Lower. None here, and quotations are
Medium.' 120
Fine 2"
Burry 10c. off.
HIDES.
Lower. We quote:
Green 4(S5
flresn Salted 60.7
Dry Salted 89
Dry Flint lu
MONETARY.
Gold linr ns
American silver Ill 112
DIED.
In San Marco, October 13, Kin ma Corine,
youngest child of Julia Ann aad J. o. Trans.
JIAKK1KO.
In La Grange, on tlie 2Cth of October, Mr.
Tboa. East to Miaa Alice Tate.
Near La Grange on the 31et of October, Dr
R. A. McKioney to Miss Betlie Farquhar.
Ia Tyler on the erening of October 27, Mr.
John A. Brown and Miss Delia Sanford.
In Parker county, on the 15th October, Mr.
T. C. Moore to Miss Sela H. Toucgelood.
In Weatherford, on October 24, Mr. E. 0'
Kirksey to Miss N. Shirley.
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A. R. JOUXSOX,
GENERAL LAND AND COLLECTING AGENT,
BURNET, TE.YAS.
Attends to Paying Taxes, Locating Lands,
Examining Titles, etc.
Ordcn for Sorvf ylng Promptly F l'.cd.
REPIaEXCFS.
Henry SamDsoo, GalrettoD.
Hennclc A .'rzier, Waco.
K. M. Elgin, Houston.
C. It. Johns A Co.. AnsUn. uv9-tawtf
WANTED To exchange. two good farm will
i 1 1 1 lninJ..Mnflinihiir Mnii
llllfJIUVCU, IOUU,
well watered, within sixteen mile of Austin, for im-
proTea Austin city property, ror purncuimn, imMu.i
of J. F. OATMAN, Austin. oc24iw&13w3m
W. A. II. M1IXKR,
LAWYER.
AUSTIN..". .TEXAS,
WILL PRACTICE IV ALL THE COURTS AT
unl;.t0 Al.:.a i .r M.llM.tmn Coll.
t'ons made in tho shortest time possible, and remit
tances made promptljr as directed. Willgive special
attention to drawirg and forwarding inom-ys to teach
ers of "l'nbiic Free School," on reccivirg their
vonchers and powers ol attorney.
BUILD THE 13IIIDQE!!
RUST MOORE,
AT THE
HED STORE,
CONGRESS AVENUE,
AUSTIN TE.TAS
General Dealers in Merchandise,
UK REOKIVINC BY EVF.RVTRA1N ADDITIONS
l to their full stork of
DRY HOODS.
NOTIONS,
CLOTHING,
BOOTS AND SHOES,
HATS,
GROCERIES,
IIARIlWAKi:,
QUEEN3WARE,
WOOD AND WILLOW WAttr
&0., AC, AC.
whirl. m the lowest
You can save money enough to pay you taxe by ex
amining ineir biock oeioro purcuiiftiiJB usrwiinc
PLOWS.
150 Avery's Celebrated Plows.
SEWING MACHINES.
Howe's." with all of the new Improvements and
attachment". Tho Best Family or fhop Machine
ever made.
COOKING STOVES.
"Southern Home" No. 7 and 8.
no9tfl5w
A.C. CRAWFORD.
LVTLS CBAWKOPD.
W. P. SWAI.Y
nc2 tw lowly
texas oiroa standard
SCHOOL TEXT BOOKS.
OjjKiul adoption by S'ntc Beard of Education
u mm ana juty if, ion.
In accordance with Section Throe ot' "An Act to or-
jranize and maintains U'ui of Free PuMie Schools
in the Stnti of TexH,1' ihe books adopted by the Btate
Bord of Education are required to le osed in all the
Public Fr-e Seuoolo of th Ma'e. The "Natiohal
SEBiEi' of Standard School books navo been sciecicu
attercnreiul comparison, 03 lollows:
WATSON S INDEPENDENT SPELLING BOOK.
AVATSOX's INDEPENDENT SERIES OF READERS
MONTEITH k m'xALLy's GEOGRAPHIES.
clark's diagram English grammars,
barnes' brief msTORT of tje c. s.
Steele's fourteen weeks in each natu
ral SCIENCE.
These Si-lect:ons arc from tho celebrated "National
Pericn," published by A. S. Barnes si Compasv, New
lorK, end Have wen moeiy usea acu muniy approvm
bv our best private institutions. Mfrs. Burnea 4.
Co. a'so pub i,h the following standard wor-9, so in
creasingly popular throughout Texas;
DAVIS PRIMARY ARITHMETIC.
DAVIS INTELLECTUAL ARITHMETIC.
DAVIS PRACTICAL ARITHMETIC.
DAVIS ELEME'JTARY" ALGEBRA.
DAVIS' ELEMENTARY GEOMETRY".
JARVIS PHYSIOLOGY AND LAWS OF HEALTH.
WOOD'S UNIVERSALLY I'OITLAR BOTANY.
SMITIl'd ETYMOLOGY, FROM ALL LANGUAGES.
SMITH k MARTIN S BOOK-KEEriNG.
WURMAN S GERMAN AND FRENCH SERIES.
SEARING'S VIRGIL AND CLASSICS.
BROOKFIELIj's BOYD'S COMPOSITION.
Cleveland's compendicmsok literature
norther's series of school speakers.
9 OA
THE SCHOOL TEACHERS LIBRARY, IN
VOI.UMN8.
The forigoine publications may be obtained In Trx.i
from wither of tho following hoiicj; or. indued, from
any respectable dealer in books at.d (taiionery:
U.nixsoN A Co., J.K.Mason, J'ikeck k Trnar,
Grttrrilim.
K. H. Cu'iuso, Ifnit.'ton.
fc-TEWART Jt MAIR, (iilldingl.
2i.oci.-m .t TiioarsON, Bakcp. Raymond x Co.,
Autttn.
Wm. W. Gamble. F. Behf.ndi. Sun Atu-ni.
(Iiiiaai A. O'Brikn, Vaa.
Wm. Sbdiikbby Co., Jtffrrnvn.
W. II. Cori:is, E. II. Wills Co., Tyler.
For Descriptive CutHlouo of Standard Text Bo
addrc8
A. II. W1LKIXS, IJencral Agcni,
90 and 08 Uommon bt., JSew uneans.
uvywl5 lm
vr. n. sokliy, I r f;B,Mi,)n.
ISAAC;M'KIN1,
ol Baltimore
E. IIWKIIS, I
AV. B. SOI IE i k CO.,
BANKERS AND GENERAL COMMISSION
ilKKCHANTS,
110. 118 and 120 Strand.
CALVESTON,
AGENTS for tho enle of Steam Eneines,.aw Mil!,
Cotton Preiwa. Gini. fcc. of which a full toek i
alwaya on hand. nt2-Hwly
T. RATTO,
Manufacturer of Every Variety of
PLAIN AND FANCY CANDIES,
AND DEALEI IN
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC FRUITS, AXD ALL
KINDS OF FIRE WORK?,
No. 62 strand,
(Armstrong Building
GALVESTON. TEXAS.
(dv2 llwGm
J. W. 1IEBERT,
lEALE IN
WALL PAPER, WHOLESALE AT NEW YORK
w prices, iiiuu..
Chromoa, Gilt, Rosewood and Ornamental Mou!dinK
for picture frames, oval ana sqoare riamvi, m
CorLices, it, made to crder.
No. 231 Poit Office Street.
nv-'Hwly GALVESTON.
BEI BC. W. FORD,
LAND EUKVEf Oil AND CIVIL ENGINEER.
CALLS for work promptly and faithfully attended
to. Residenco ou Pine street, olo b'ock eat ot
the avenue. Bubiboss eo.ic.ted. nv-ibtwfcwiy
WANTED INFORMATION Mr. John Erown, a
biidee builder bv trade, and recently from
British Honduras, left this city souio eight w?ks since
for the purpoio of trying to procurework on the
Central kailroad, and Lbs not been beard of rnce to
left. Sir. Brown ia a abort thick eel man, atout i
years of age, and baa always born a xnot excellent
character. A. F. A. M. along tbe line of the Central
are requested to make special inquiry and report the
earliest intelligence to his distressed family. Direct
letters to Ura. joua ui'.ovvn, sua antonm. u
Hides and Wool.
HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAID
AT tbe Old Republican Office Building
Austin, Teias, by
aug24tw5wtf J. UUTCHEaoN.
CROCKERY, 1
TEXAS ROOFING DEPOT,
B. S. PAPONS, AGENT, GALVESTON.
Johns' Improved Asbestos EooCn
I, Felt,
and Roofing Materials.
Belt's Xew Patent Sheet Iron Roofing, Water,
Fire, Wind and Lightning Proof.
Cheap Irish Felt Roofing, Building and
Ceiling Paper, etc.
OIHE ASBESTOS TOOFIXG 13 LIKE THICK
J leaUer; is water, acid and burning cinder proor.
and cheap, strone and durable. It has tod the test
or time, and received first premiums awarded by tbe
in2wMd mii SL" Fairs and the American
Instate, ttsroed Horace Greely, 1-resldent. It pro
tects from Are at about half the expense of too. and
may be transported and applied at one fjlk les, than
shingles. It Is 39 Inches wide, in rolls of 200 square
in jjf,K A,ESTOS is a wonderful mineral, so Bbrous,
mdestructible by nre.and flexible, that it has been
Z "5 '".""oaSS' HOOFING. Coating, Cement,
"""'n? them superior to all others.
nI.D1 KOFING taanufactured by V. 8.
Helt, In Cincinnati, Ohio. It is crimped edpe. better
'.hcr M.et1 Khng. "d eosts, when ap
plied here, about 20 per cent leea than tin, and only
one third more than shingles.
rarnphlete. ciring full information, Mml-hed,
samples exhibited, and orders promptly nlled by
Oi-S-twiUwlui Galreeton.
iA-TTSTIKT
COOT AND SIIOE STORE.
HMIE ATTENTION OF TIIE PUBLIC IS HE
X spret fully caped to the Austin Boot and Phoo
Store, where can be fooud the largest, tin-st and boat
assorted stock ever brought to Austin, Nothing but
first cUss goods kept no Auction train. Those
wanting reliable Boots and Shoes will study their
interest bv caliinirat the AUSTIN kcmvt anii ainn.-
STOKE, next door to Long's Siabie, on the Annuo.
ocollw14wltn
Texan Real Estate Guide.
DISTRIBUTED GRATUITOUSLY.
DEVOTED TO TIIE INTEREST OF KEALE8
TATK and Pminnn.;.) M.,... n-i....
i ...m d. iuciimi rill III
her will appear on Saturday, November 11, IsTl.
Parties dtsiriug advertising, will please send in their
favors ut oneo. The first edition will ba two thousand
pies, and w ill bo increased from week to week ns
patronage demands.
V. J. 8. SCOBEI.L A CO.,
Proprietors.
Offii'K cn ban Jacinto street, near Tocun. citJVh
Southern Books fur Southern Schools.
School Cooks which are Vnscc-
Uoiial, UnpartlHan, and
C ..political,
KEPAKED BY THE MOST EMINENT got Til
KUN BCUOLAUd, AM
Entirely Acceptable to South
ern Teachers and Parents.
Officially adopted by the Virginia and
ueorgia btata Uoarda of Education,
ASD HOW LARGELY I.N CSE BV
EVERY SOUTHERN STATE.
THE UNIVERSITY PUBLISHING CO.,
mraiioi composeu oi manv ot the most em
inent citizens of the sereral South Sin, 1-..1.
inc the necessity for a series of School Rooks i,i.-h
should be entirely unsectioual, unpartisan and unpo-
10 men leacnuig buouia not do otlenslrc
to the thought and feeling of the Southern pecple
which should present only ihe facts of history and
science are now issuing a complete;series of School
and College Text books by the eminent Scholars and
educators named below, which are the CHEAPEST.
Ul-T Am MWIi 1,1 mrTCllt nnii...,
wow ruousued, The "University Beiies" embraces
MAURY'S GEOGRAPHICAL SERIES.
By Commodore M. F. Maubv, of the Virginia Military
Institute. A series of books which mark an era in the
study of this science, aod which, in the words of a
weil known and accomplished Southern teacher, "aie
characterized by a felicity of arrangement and simple
freshness ol style which must ever render them at
tractive to tbe young, and which will be used by all
who wish to touch Geography as a scienoe, as some
thing to make pupils think, and not merely as an en
umeration of dry facts."
UUbMlS' HEAUER3 AND SPELLERS,
ByOnocCE F. Holmes, LLIV. Professor of History ami
General Literature ia the University of Virginia. A
series 01 neauers unequniiea in cneapnees. excellence,
and typographical beauty. Tuey are steadily pro
gressive in character, bright, and free h In thtiraelec
tijus ot prost aud verse, and illustrative of Southern
scenes, incidents and hlstory-
V Alii. t. O AKlTUJUbllCAL, CKlilES,
By CHABL19 S. V enable. LLD., Professor of Mathe
matics in the Univorsi'.y of Virginia. These books
are received everywhere by ictelligent teachers with
tne Dtgnfsi eattstactton, as being most aUmiraniy
adapted for mental drill, as well as for business edu
cation. Their methods, rules, aud reason incs are
c ear, distinct, logical and comprehensive, and th
serins is carefully graded throughout.
HOLMES' HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES.
By Ueobsi F. Holmes. LLD., of the Uurcrsitrcl
Virginia, it is enough to sav of this admirable work.
Interesting, impartial, and truthful, se well aa pure
and graceiui in style, mat 11 is tne only History of the
United States which is acceptable to Bootliern teach
ers and parents. It comes down to the present date.
Also, US Vfcltt'a 1-KU.M-rl UKAMMAIt, HEAD
ERS. ETC.. OILREKSLEEVE'S LATIN SERIES.
CARTER'S ELEMENTS OF (iKVERAL HISTORY,
HOLMES' ENU1.1S1I GRAMMARS. I.ECOUNTK'B
:-O.ENT!FIC SI'.RH'S, JOHNSTON'S ENGLISH
CLASSICS, DUNTOXIAN WRITINti BOOKS, ETC.
Send for our new Illustrated Uescnptivo Catalogue.
which will be mailed free to any teacher or school
olliccr. It tells what teachers think ot books, and
Cuutains specimen pazc of each. Address
i.Mvtitsni ri:L,i--uiKu coju'Any.
155 and 167 Crosby street, New York.
Tho STiiirersity Series
OF S( HOOL BOCKS IS FOB SAI.I BY
E. H. CUPHiNG, Houston:
HOP.INSON Sl Oo.,c;n!veston;
J. A. NA'il.i:. Austin;
V. II. W ATKINS, Waco;
1HI H P. HOWARD, Kan Antonio,
And a'l prominent dealers in Texas and New Orleans.
S. S. NICHOLS, Waco, Texas, GENERAL A CENT.
.c5 luwliml
COM M E KC IAI COLLK O E
ryUli COLLEOF. WILL COM.MKNCK ITS TERM
i. ou the lat dnv ef November, 171, and thall con
tinue to tbe 1st of July. 1H72. Again it will resume op
eration on the 1st day of September, Ifc72, to the 1st of
July, l.U and so continue Ircra yenrto yurwithoul
intermission vacation time excepted,
'i bis Institution will be ilcvoted chirdy to Ihe stud.
ies of Bookkerpirc;, by double entry. Commercial
Caw, and coinmerciiil calculations, conaurtc! ty a
iiracticAl and exreriioirod accountant for m-i-r forty
ynrs, IkiiIi In Enir'and and in Ami ricii, and bus liiid
chariro of Commeriiul Colleges i this country.
I he expfiif-e of tuition hero in Austin will he out
tririin?, compared to what tnut bo paid by those who
po to New Orleans to study. At their on r.ilriila
t:on It will cost four l.timlred and twenty-live dollnm
(Sl&). Here at homo, it will bo only about ono third
that nnintnit,loeides the advantage of learnim; not from
a theorist only, but from a thorough, pructiciil account
ant. 1 heory is good, but must be cjupbd with prac
tice to heroine effectual.
Term- of Tuition:
FOR r.OOKKEEPIMl-Say journaii.ine,
posting, proving the books by a trial b.-il
ance, balaocini: the books and finally
clo-irc them, full course fMs
FOR COMMERCIAL CALCULATIONS..
FOR COMMERCIAL LAW Taiifrht as the mii.il on.
pre.8ii No charge made.
Payment atwajs iu uovnnco.
J. LASHEE, I'rofovnr.
CorirrvM Avenue, Old Uiuik Puilriing,
oc21tw1m Ati'tin Texas.
UomcNlIc Tlie IIoNt Heavy
Brown Domestic 10c: Yard Wide. 12c:
U.nabuT3, 14c, at S. B. BRUSH'S.
NOTICE ia hereby given that I will com
inpnre collectinc taxes for 1ST I 111k.
A- o .j
following times and places:
Precinct No. 2 From October 2d to Nov
ember 4th, at tbe Courthouse.
Precinct No. 1 November Cth, 7th and
8 tli, at Wheeler's store.
1'recinct 0. J November I3tu and 14tb,
at Anderson's store.
Precinct No. 4 November 1 Yth and 18tb,
at Bern-man's
Precinct Xo. 5 Vovemher ?.fiH. nn 111
at Boggy school house.
Persons tailing to pay tneir taxes wilhin the
time specified are liable to a penalty of ten
percent. GEORGE B. ZIMPLEMAN.
BepZJtwdtJwtooctl Sheriff.
FOR SALE 500 acres of land on the
Cheupedaras; well timbered; sandy loam;
like neighborhood, school and church within
one mile of land'; titli- good; .-:5 per acre.
The Mexican Gulf Railroad have the right
of war through this tract. For further par
ticulars inquire at this ofEce or of W. J. W
SAMUEL, San Antonio. jj25-tw4wtf
lost.
LOST HEADRIGHT CERTIFICATE No
21, issued from Galveston county on the
loth day of December, A. D. 1639, for One
League and One Labor of Land to Lewis C.
Manaon, if the above described Certificate be
not heard from in ninety days, a duplicate
will be applied for. R. A. SMITH.
angl2tw&wtoctI2
LOST. JAMES O'QUIN HEADRIGHT
CERTIFICATE, No., issued by Board
of Land Commisaioners for the county of
Montgomery, for 320 acres also, the Head
right certificate of William Hensley for one
tbird league of land, issued by the Board of
Land Commissioners for Austin county; if the
above described certificates be not heard
from ia ninety days, duplicates will be ap
plied for. W. G. HENDERSON, Agent,
oct5 w 1 2t J Bryan, Texas.