THE PRESS.
MONDAY MOBMNQ. DEC. 25, A**1'
CITY AND VICINITY.

New Adrcr»i»ei»««“ To-I»ujr.
auction column.
Apples—F. O. Bailey Co.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Reduction in Prices—Cogia Hassan.
Card—Chan. H. Stuart.
Peril and Precaution.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Fluent Hall—Prof Stone.
Lecture—Army Navy Course.
Loveo—Deeriug.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Wanted—Situation.
Lost—Neck-Tie—P. M. Frost.
Dressed Hogs—Wt>odbury, Satnam Glidden.
Horse Strayed or Stolen—Win. Guptill.
Superior Court.
DEC’EMBED CIVIL TERM—LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Saturday.—Joseph T. Tukey vs. Albert L. Mat
thews. Action under the statute for driving away cat
tle legally impounded. Judgment for defendant.—
Plaintiff excepts.
Cobb& Ray. W. H. Motley.
Inhabitants of Harrison vs. Inhabitants of Sweden.
Judgment for plaintiff'for 90.46.
Virgin. A. A. Strout.
Walker.
Mary D. Woodard vs. William D. Haskell and
High Street Parish trustee. Trustee charged $128.32.
Webb. Hopkins.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Saturday—State vs. Wm. M. Dauforth, for keep
ing a hoase resorted to for the purpose of gambling;
pleaded not guilty and waived an examination. Re
cognized in the sum of $300 for his appearance at the
oxnuuij wwu u* uu|a.iiui vnnub.
Stale vs. Win. M. Daufortli—for winning at one
time or Bitting, thirty-three dollars. Plea, not guilty;
examination waived. Recognized in the Bum of $210
to appear as above.
Symouds Libby. Bradburys.
Brief Jottings.
A merry Christmas to yon all.
Steamship Caspian sailed for Baltimore, Sat
urday morning.
The Christmas vacation in the schools of one
week begins to-day.
The custom House and the city offices wiil be
closed to-day. The post office will be open ouly
on the usual holiday horns.
Let it be your first duty this morning to re
member the poor and furnish them with a
Christmas dinner. A little something else to
help them bear the privations of the winter will
increase your own happiness.
One of the prettiest pieces of typographical
work that lias been exhibited for the year, is
the order of dances for the Printers’ Ball to
night.
The Christmas Tree Service at St. Stephen’s
church, will be on Tuesday (to-morrow) even
ing, at 7 o’clock.
AVe learn that the Principal and Teachers of
Park Street Grammar School, received valuable
Christmas presents, on Saturday.
The anniversary of the Emancipation Procla
mation by President Lincoln, will be celebrated
J an. 1st, 1872, at the Newbury street church
Addresses by Mayor Kingsbury, Capt. Talbot,
Key. M. H. AVilliams.
Hon. John Lynch, member of Congress for
this district, arrived from Washington on Sat
urday evening.
Despite the bad weather of Saturday night
the stores were thronged to a very late hour with
purchasers of holiday gifts, and almost every
man and women on the street seemed to have
organized an impromptu parcels-express com
pany.
There is a bookseller in Portland, named
Hall L. Davis, who does not wish English
cockneys to take freedom with his name.—Bus
ton. Times.
The Cumberland Bar Portrait.Gallery having
been tastefully trimmed for the holidays will
be open to visitors on Christmas Day between
the hours of y and 12 a m. and 2 and 4 p. m.
Ladief whose husbands have not contributed
to the collection are especially invited to call.
The gallery will be open to callers every after
noon thereafter from 2 to 4 o’clock.
Died.—In this city, Saturday evening,
Charles Carle, aged 82, “Uncle Charles',” as he
was familiarly called by his acquaintances, was
a veteran stage-driver, one of that rapidly di
minishing hand who drove on the old Portland
and Boston stage line—Mr. Carle’s route being
from Portland to Portsmouth. He was on the
box for many years—how many we do not
know—Until the coaches gave place to rail
-men nn. vuiit' uiTame a man uarncr
between the Portland post-office and the depot,
and relinquished this duty about 1868, on ac
count of the increasing infirinatives of bis age.
He was succeeded by his son Charles, who now
acceptably performs this service. About a year
ago Mr. C. was stricken with paralysis, and
never recovered front the blow, but gradually
declined, enduring at times great pain.
One incident of Mr. Carle’s endurance and
persistence is known to us: The first winter
after the railroad went into operation a terrible
snow storm came on and the down-train was
weather-bound at Portsmouth. All the motive
power of the corporation was employed on the
road; the train had no snow-plow, except an
impromptu affair attached to the cow-catcher,
and the engines were small, light affairs. Four
days mails gathered at Portland and Ports
mouth and public were impartial at the delay.
Postmaster Lyman rigged up “Uncle Charles”
with the accumulated mail matter, and started
him for Portsmouth. The old man got away
with his team about 7 o’clock in the morning,
and procuring relays at the old stage stables
along the line, pushed on, left his mails at
Portsmouth to go forward from there, (the track
was clear west of Portsmouth) took his return
mail and arrived at the Portland post-office at
11 o’clock the same night, 110 miles through
the deep snow in 16 hours. The next day (Fri
day) the process was repeated, and soon after
his arrival here that night the' train came
through, but Uncle Charles had brought the
mails and beat the cars by an hour.
£hxa Hardinge Britten.—This lady deliv
ered a lecture before the Portland Spiritual As
sociation, at Lancaster Hall, yesterday after
noon. Quite a large audience was present. The
lecture consisted of a review of the rise and
progress of Modern Spiritualism, and was char
acterized throughout by the remarkable power
and eloquence for which the speaker is so justly
celebrated. The position of Mrs. Woodhull on
the question of love and marriage was denounc
ed in the severest terms by the speaker, who
claimed that such doctrines had no legitimate
connection with those of Spiritualism, but were
merely the individual opinions and expressions
of a single person. The lecture closed with au
eloquent peroration in behalf of the truth of
Spiritualism, and of its sure and ultimate tri
umph. Mrs. Hardinge Britten is a lady of fine
physique and commanding presence on the plat
form, and possesses a clear and powerful voice,
capable of all the varied modulations requisite
to express pathetic entreaty or severe denuncia
tion. In the evening she delivered a lecture
upon a subject selected by the audience.
The Fakir of Vishnu.—On account of the
inclemency of the weather, the audience at Mu
HIP Hlill. Otl SiltlirdllV ouoni»■ ir <ur>ic niiitn enroll
as might reasonably have been expected.
Through some misunderstanding in regard to
the character of the license, and on an intima
tion from the Attorney General that the meth
od hitherto adopted by the Fakir in the distri
bution of his gifts might conflict with the law
of the State, no presents were distributed. The
performance, however, was more than usually
attractive, several new and wonderful experi
ments being introduced. The instantaneous
growth of flowers and the marvellous hat trick
were specially noticeable. In this connection,
we trust that the Fakir will produce the start
ling sensation of the Scarlet Spirit at an early
day. It would prove the greatest possible at
traction for a Christmas performance. A grand
matinee will be given this afternoon at three
o'clock. These performances will be interest
ing alike to young and old. On the subject of
presents we refer our readers to the announce
ment of the Fakir, to be found elsewhere.
Change of Mails.—It was expected by our
citizens, and arrangements to that effect had
been made by Mr. Cheney, the Assistant Postal
Agent for New England, for the mails from
Boston and the South for Portland, and all in
termediate places between Portland and Boston
to be brought from the latter city In the 7.30 A.
M. train. We are informed, from good autlior
ity, that the reason this change has not been
made is the opposition of the Eastern Railroad
Company to run the postal car on that train.
As our Representative to Congress is now at
home it is to be hoped that the merchants and
others of this city who are interested in this
matter, will bring the subject to his notice. As
at present arranged the Boston papers are
hawked upon the streets half an hour before
those that come by mail are received at the
post-office.
Entertainment.—Despite the rain and un
favorable state of the weather, Temperance
Hall was crowded on Saturday evening by the
friends of Atlantic Lodge I. O. of G. T., and
the evening was spent in a pleasant and agreea
ble manner by all. The drama of “The Last
Loaf,” was finely presented, while the music,
.Christmas tree, and other features of the occa
sion, contributed largely to the success of the
Ihtertaiumeut,
Christmas Services.—The Christmas sea
son was recognized yesterday at the State stTeet
church, Rev. Mr. Hincks preaching a discourse
appropriate to the festival, from Johni: 14—
And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among
us.
Rev. Mr. Small, of the Free street Baptist
church, officiated at the High street church, in
the absence of Rev. Mr. Fenu, and preached a
Christinas sermon from Lukeii: 14—Glory to
God in the highest.
Rev. Mr. Bailey’s (First Parish) morning ser
mon was an exposition of the Unitarian doc
trine of the humanity of our Saviour, his re
marks being founded on John xiv: 9—He that
hath seen me hath seen the Father. In the eve
ning a Christmas vesper service was held.
At the New Jerusalem church on High St.,
Rev. Mr. Ilayden preached in the morning from
Matt, ii: 1-2. At the Sunday school concert in
the evening, the exercises had especial relevan
cy to Christmas.
In the Episcopal churches,, the service for the
day—the fourth Sunday in Adveut—are in close
connection with the birth of Christ. At St.
Luke’s Cathedral and at St Stephens’ the usual
interesting Christmas Eve services were held.
At the Cathedral of the Immaculate Concep
tion, on Cumberland street, Pontificial vespers
were celebrated at 7J o’clock. This morning at
:i£ o’clock full Christmas services were held.—
Mozart’s Second Mass in C was sung, closing
with the ancient hymn, Adeste Ficldes. The
choir consisted of Miss Barker, soprano; Mrs.
G. M. Cummings and Mrs. Swett, altos; Win.
R. Howard and Will Stockbridge, tenors; Frank
Coffin and Mr. Ball, bassos; with a chorus of 45
young ladies of the church. Mr. Chas. A Lib
by, jr., organist. The mass will be repeated at
10^ o’clock this morning.
A 4- fit ____.1 e._o
and lo£ o’clock this morning. Bordcese’s Mass
in F to be the music used.
Entertainments To-day and To-morrow.
—This evening at the Chestnut Street Church
may he seen some paintings of the Holy Land,
with descriptions of Bethlehem, Nazareth, Je
rusalem and Bethany, where occurred some of
the most remarkable events in the life of Him
whose birth we this day celebrate.
Mr. Stone will offer inducements to the lovers
of the marvellous to meet him at Fluent’s Hall
this and to-morrow evenings. He will continue
the distribution of presents.
A limited number of tickets to the Printer’s
Ball this evening will be on sale at the door of
City Hall. There has been a large demand for
them of the committee, and the affair promises
to be unexceptionable.
Mr. Gee will give an assembly in connection
with his dancing school at Army and Navy
Union hall this evening, and begin a new term
of school at the same place on Wednesday.
The third assembly of the Ariel and Alcyon
course will take place Tuesday evening; danc
ing at eight o’clock.
Fire.—The alarm of fire at about 5 o’clock
Saturday afternoon came from the slight burn
ing of a two-story brick house on Clark street,
owned and occupied by Charles H. Stuart.
There was a leak in the gas pipe in the cellar,
which became partly filled with the inflamable
fluid; and a boy, to prevent its escape into the
upper apartments, set fire to it. This made a
bad matter worse, for the pipe from the meter
being lead, the leak soon widened, and the sills
and floor took fire. An alarm was given, and
the flames were extinguished by. the fire de
partment. The damage to the house is esti
mated at 3100. Insured in the North British
Company, Dow Palmer agents.
Christmas.—In accordance with the uniform
custom of generally observing Christmas, no
paper will be issued from this office to-morrow.
A Charitable Institution.— The Allen
Mission, Locust street, have distributed to the
poor the past year 1234 garments of various
descriptions, and have paid out in cash over
31000 to poor families. The money to carry on
this great work of the Master, has been raised
by voluntary subscriptions and donations. The
officers of the Mission tender their thanks to a
generous public for their donations the past
year, and trust their work amongst the poor
will be appreciated the coining year. It is the
intention of the workers to give the children
and their parents a free supper this evening.
We hope to receive generous contributions of
oake, pies, fruit and nuts this afternoon at the
Chapel. Then come in the evening and see a
happy family. Supper will be served at 8 o’clock,
after which oysters and refreshments will be for
sale. Cyrus Sturdivant,
\VT. D. Hatch, V
Daniel Gookin.
nisei:i,i.anloot:* notices.
•T. S. Litchtield will be open to-day to Bup
I'ly all who may call at his establishment, on
Exchange street, Fox block, with choice
fectionery and fruit.
Charles Day, Jr. Co., thanking their
friends and public for their patronage the past
week, would say to them that they will sell
their remaining stock of goods at reduced prices
till January 1st. We still have on hand a large
assortment of watches, jewelry, silver ware,
seal rings, gold chains, ladies’ companions,
work boxes, writing desks, opera glasses, work
stands, rocking horses, rocking horse chairs,
picture books, games, new games of pachesi,
brisque, (which we can recommend as being the
best game published) ladies’ and gents’ dress
ing cases, jewel boxes, fancy goods and toys.
Open all day Christmas.
C. Day, Jr. Co., 94 Exchange Street.
Mr. L. B. F. Zitcov has re-opened the Union
Hotel on Temple street, and is again ready to
wait on his friends.
Gents’ dressing cases, fancy goods and toys.
Charles Day, Jr. Co., 94 Exchange Street.
We shall be open for business all day Christ
mas.
Ie you want pure Coffee you should make it
in your way to go to Wilson Co.’s Tea Store,
85 Federal street, where they grind by steam,
daily. Their coffees are selected with great
care and no damaged coffee is allowed to be sold
at their counter.
Watches, Jewelry, Plated Ware and Fancy
Goods, A. Lowell, 301 Congress St.
The Hygrodeik, for regulating the humidi
of the air ill the house or conservatory, is a use
ful instrument and a beautiful ornament. For
sale by C. H. Farley. decl9th-tf
J. F. Land Co., comer Exchange and Fed
eral streets, have a large and well selected stock
of goods, useful and ornamental, suitable for
holiday gifts. lwd
A few of those Rich Mantle Vases on hand.
A. Lowell, 301 Congress St.
The headquarters for the “Brilliant kerosene
ourner is with J. 1". Land (Jo., cor. Exchange
and Federal streets. The “mammoth size” jus*
received. lwd
Parties wishing for reliable watches would
do well to examine my stock.
A. Lowell, 301 Congress St.
The Secret of Captivation.—Features of
Grecian mould, a well-turned neck and beauti
fully rounded arms, are no doubt very nice
things to have, and ladies who possess these
charms have reason to be thankful to Mother
Nature; yet, after all, the most captivating of
all womanly charms is a pure, fresh and brill
iant complexion. This superlative fascination
any lady may secure by using Hagan’s Mag
nolia Halm,the standard beautifying prepara
tion of the present age. It differs from all or
dinary cosmetics in these most essential partic
ulars, inasmuch as it contains no injurious in
gredients, does not contract or shrivel the skin
as all the astringent “blooms,'"' “lotions” and
“powders” eventually do, but produces a last
ing loveliness by improving the health of the
skin. Under its operation the texture of the
epidemis becomes finer, and the surface soft as
velvet and smooth as porcelain. Features can
not be changed, but complexion can, and it is
quite certain that a lady with no other charm
than a fresh and rosy complexion, will attract
more admiration in company than her neighbor
with a classic face but a sallow skin.
janlst-eodlw&wlt
The Hyqrodeik is a useful instrument in
every house. It is an instrument your friends,
ministers and teachers want, but have not got.
For sale by C. H. Farley. dc20th-tf
Substitutes in the Dental Ranks,—Are
not desirable; therefore keep the natural teeth
sound and pure with wholesome vegetable elix
ir Sotodont. Do this, and they will last as long
as the breath lasts, and the breath itself will
never be tainted. M&W
81.50 buys a Scotch Havelock Cap worth
$2.50 at Maher Co.’s
decl5-dtja25 _Opp. Post Office.
Sleighs—Pungs —Bells—Blankets—Robes—
Whips, Selling very cheap at the Bazaar 14
Exchange and Repository 67 Federal St. Go
and see before buying. dc22-eodlw
Orik IJawkbs Co., 290 and 292 Congress
street, have a large stock of Hosiery, Shirts and
Drawers, also Hats and caps. dec 16-eod2w
For $1.60 you can buy a genuine Scotch
Havelock Cap at Maher Co.’s,
decl5-tja-2§ Opp. Post Office,
BY TELEGRAPH.
WASHINGTON.
DEATH OF EX-JUDGE PUKCELL.
Washington, Dec. 23.—Win. P. Purcell, ex
Judge of the Orphan’s Court, District of Co
lumbia, died last uiglit.
TREASURER’S STATEMENT.
The following amounts were in the treasury
at the close of business to-day: Currency $9,
437,094; coin $109,397,284; certificates $34,989,
000.
SCHENCK AND THE EMMA MINE.
Information is received that Schenck has
withdrawn from the directorship of the Emma
mine.
THE ^CHILD-TBIST CASE—DEMURRER NOT SUS
TAINED AND BILL DISMISSED.
Judge Wiley, in the Equity Court to-day an
nounced his opinion in the case of L. P. Child
against Nicholas P. Trist, sustaining the de
murrer and dismissing the bill. Judge Wiley
in his opinion recites that an act of Congress of
April 20, 1871, appropriated $1,455,990 to pay
the balance to Nicholas P Trist,the negotiator of
the treaty of Guadaloupe-Hidalgo, on account
of salary, etc., between April 15th, 1847 and
April 8th, 1848.
According to the allegations of the bill Trist
in 1868, entered into an agreement with the
father of the petitioner to prepare the case and
present and prosecute it in Congress, in con
sideration of the fee of one-fohrtli of what
might be allowed. The sum claimed in the
treaty and their suit, is for the purpose of en
forcing the lien.
The defendant has demurred to the bill and
the question is whether the court will enforce a
contract for a contingent fee for services ren
dered in prosecuting or aiding to procure the
passage of an act of Congress for the payment
of a private claim.
All such contracts as this are condemned by
the courts irrespective altogether of their fair
ness and openness. In similar cases the au
thorities to this effect are numerous, uniform
and unsurmountable. He quoted the case of
Marshall vs. the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
and others.
A DIPLOMATIC PASSAGE.
Official advices show that our Minister Bas
sett has remonstrated emphatically with the
H 'IvHlin ,.X ix„_*. ..X' .1
faith as shown in the observance of,neutrality
in the domestic strife in San Domingo.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs declared that
the government takes a lively interest in the in
dependence of San Domingo and does nothing
to forment discord there.
Mr. Basset does not however believe in the
sincerity of the Haytien government.
THE LEGAL TENDER CASES—POSITION OF THE
JUSTICES.
A full opinion of the Supreme Court in the
legal tender cases will be delivered on the lath
of January.
Those who will unite in the majority are Jus
tices Davis, Strong, Miller, Swayne and Brad
ley and those in the minority Chief Justice
Chase and Justices Clifford, Field and Nelson.
In addition to the majority and minority re
ports proper, it is expected that several of the
Judges will express their opinions on the diff
erent branches of the question.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
The investigations into all the affairs of the
Treasury Department by the Congressional
Committee on siich expenditures, will be re
sumed immediately after the holidays.
MASSACHUSETTS.
APPLICATION FOR AN INJUNCTION AGAINST THE
B. AND M. R. R.
Boston, Dec. 23.—In the Supreme Court to
day. before Judge Calt, an application was
made for an injunction to restrain the directors
of the Boston Maine railroad from issuing
$2,000,000 additional stock authorized by stocW
holders on the 13tli. An order was issued re
turnable next Saturday, when the question of
injunction will be determined.
RAILROAD ACCIDENT.
The steamboat train on the Hartford Erie
road met with a serious accident this afternoon.
The train was thirteen hours late owing to the
storm, and when near East Douglass the en
gine struck a large rock which had been wash
ed into the centre of the track, breaking the
cow catcher in two, breaking the axle of the
tender and smashing every break of the train.
The train consisted of baggage car, smoking
and passenger cars, and fortunately was not
thrown from. the track. Where the accident
happened was a fill thirty feet high, and if it
had gone off a serious loss of life would proba
bly have resulted. A new train was made up
at Blackstone, arriving at Boston at half-past 7
this evening.
NEW YORK.
MORE SINECURE CLERKS OUSTED.
New York, Dec. 23.—Several sinecure clerks
in the finance department were removed to-day,
also several worthless attendants of the Su
preme Court
WHY OAKEY HALL WAS NOT INDICTED—ANOTHER
SCREW TO RE TRIED*.
ft is understood that the grand jury had not
indicted Mayor Hall because Charles O’Connor
told them that his offence, if any, does not come
within the statute under which the other mem
bers have been proceeded against The Oyer
and Terminer grand jury will probably investi
gate the case of the Mayor next week.
HAVANA ITELLIGEKCE—AN AEERICAN BRIG OV
ERHAULED.
Havana letters state that the Spanish ac
counts of the recent engagements with the reb
els affirm that the latter as usual were annihi
lated, while the Spanish loss was very insignifi
cant. It was also reported that an American
uicsuuuiLU IWIU U\
a Spanish war steamer, but nothing contraband
found. The Spanish portion of the inhabitants
talk cheerfully of a war with the United States.
The rrtnricr WUicnse and defiant. Heavy re
inforcements are continually arriving.
GAS. EXPLOSION.
New York, Dec. 24.—Owing to a leak in the
pipes of the purifying house of the Metropoli
tan Gas Company at fi o’clock yesterday, an ex
plosion oecurred which destroyed the building*
and placed the section of the city in total dark
ness. P. McGrath was seriously injured. No
fatal results. Loss estimated at $30,000.
A recent order which stopped labor at 5.30 p.
m. prevented a great sacrifice of life. The
presence of mind of an employee, who shut off
the gates leading to the mains, averted disas
trous explosions all over the district. That
lighted by this company extends from 34th to
79th street and from river to river. The upper
part of the city above 34th street is still in dark
ness. There were no sendees in any of the
churches this evening. The President of the
company promises a sufficiency of gas to-mor
row night to burn till 12 o’clock.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
The orderof Ohited American Mechanics will
celebrate Washington’s birth-day in this city
by a grand banquet ball, at which delegates
from the councils in all the States will be pres
ent.
The receiver of the Union Square bank re
ports the assets sufficient to pay all liabilities
and leave $-l2,000 for shareholders.
The Sheriff has been notified by Tweed’s at
torney that the original or new bondsmen will
justify on Tuesday.
It appears that Carson, Chief of the Bureau
of Elections, is spending the holidays at his
residence in West Chester county.
The Brooklyn reform committee has agreed
that the proposed city charter shall provide for
one Board of Aldermen of nine members.
Thomas Larkin, conductor of a 3d avenue
railroad, was murdered last night by Bobert
Halloran, a discharged driver, with a car hook.
Hallorau escaped.
It is reported that Thomas Cornson, a “ring”
man and Secretary of the New York Printing
Company and proprietor of the Transcript, has
Hed to escape the charges brought before the
grand jury.
Morrison B. White of Toledo, one of the
counsel before the Geneva arbitrators, with his
associates, sails on the Cuba Wednesday for
Europe.
The small pox is now under control in Brook
lyn.
A Herald dispatch says that Gen. Bristow, of
the Department of Justice, has tendered his
resignation to the President. Efforts are being
made for its withdrawal. Bristow wanted to
succeed Ackerman, hence the trouble.
Busch, the insane lover of Mile. Nilsson, was
committed by Justice Scott, Saturday, to a lu
natic asylum.
THE GRAND DUKE—FESTIVITIES CONTINUED IN
THE EAST.
Buffalo, Dec. 23.—The Grand Duke Alexis
arrived here this afternoon. He was enthusi
astically received by a large crowd, and imme
diately proceeded to the Tefft House. A grand
reception will be given him at the rooms of the
Buffalo Club, when ex-President Fillmore will
deliver an address of welcome. To-morrow the
Ducal party will remain quiet, and on Monday
will proceed to do the city. The ice will be cut
around the Niagara elevator in the harbor to al
low the party to have an opportunity of wit
nessing tne mode of receiving and delivering
grain.
ANOTHER STRICKEN RELATIVE.
Poughkeepsie, Dec. 23.—Another claimant
for the property of “Lochy Ostrom,” the de
ceased miser, in the person of M. A. C. Daven
port, of Belmont, Texas, who said he received
a letter from Miss Ostrom towards the close of
her life, giving him all the property.
PENNSYLVANIA.
THE MINER’S TROUBLES.
Philadelphia, Dec. 23.—The Miner’s Jour
nal says of the coal trade in Schylkill, where
trade has been eminently unsatisfactory,, that
no agreement has yet been reached although
preliminary meetings of the two interests have
been held for discussion during the past week,
at which a commendable spirit of mutual for
bearance was manifested. An adherence to the
basis last in force in that region, which was
$2.75, with $2.25 as a minimum, is counselled,
and this will probably prevail, though whether
the agreement will be broken as it was during
last season, remains to be seen. The total re
ceipts for the year will exceed those of last
year bv from 200,000 to 300,000 tons. The sup
ply of anthracite will be about half a million
short,
MURPER MOST FOUL.
Erie, Dec. 24.—A horriblo tragedy occurred
at Kane, Penn., on the 2d inst. The wife and
child of Patrick Burns were found dead under
a barn near their house. There is no doubt that
both were murdered. The wife was evidently
strangled and the child’s skull broken. Burns
has been committed to jail to await the result
of the corouer’s inquest.
A MURDERER HANGS HIMSELF.
Philadelphia, Dec. 24. Charles Crouse,
who wq,s convicted 4 mqnth qgo, of murder in
the second degree, in iVJontgomery pquuty, and
sentenced to eleven years confinement hanged
himself in jail to-day.
The health officers report 228 deaths from
small pox last week. Slight increase ovei
the previous week.
KENTUCKY.
THE PASSAGE OF THE TORNADO.
Louisville, Dec. 23.—At noon to-day a ter
rific fornado passed over a part of the country
four miles below Neiy Albany, breaking
down timbers and destroying 700 toot of trpsth
work on the air line railroad, inflicting damage
to the amount of several thousand dollars. A
buggy, horses and two men were lifted fron
the ground and carried forty feet. The occu
pants of the vehicle escaped unhurt. Timber
I snapped asunder like whip cord.
CONNECTICUT.
LOCOMOTIVE BOILER EXPLODES
Hartford, Dec. 23.—The locomotive Baltic,
on the Rockville branch of the Hartford, Provi
dence and Fislikill Railroad exploded its boiler
to-day while drawing a passenger train from
this city to Rockville, and the engineer, N. S.
Collins, and the fireman, named Voglit, both of
Rockville, were killed.
A later dispatch states that only the engineer
was killed,
NEW JERSEY.
OIL CLOTH FACTORY BURNED.
New York, Dec. 23.—English Co.’s oil
cloth factory at Camden, N. J., was burned Fri
day night. Loss $20,000; insured.
ACCESSORIES TO THE RIDGEFIELD BOND ROB
BERY ARRESTED.
Caroline Adams, formerly house-keeper of
Edsall, at Ridgefield, N. J., has been arrested
on suspicion of being accessory to the robbery
of the house of some $80,000 worth of bonds
last week. An intimate acquaintance of the
Adams woman named Lambert Herman, has
also been arrested and jailed at Hackensack.
VESSELS WRECKED.
Long Branch, Dec. 24.—There came ashore
last night the brig Mary C. Rosevelt from Rich
mond, Me., bound for Savannah. She had no
cargo. Also on Deal l>each, the Norwegian
brhj Victoria of Liverpool for New York. She
liau a cargo of salt. The former will be got off
and the latter will probably be a total loss. No
lives were lost.
MISSOURI.
AFTER THE MANNER OF THE CIVIL SERVICE
REFORM.
St. Louis, Dec. 23.—A resolution was intro
duced into the City Council for the appoint
ment of a committee of three well known citi
zens, to examine into the qualifications of ap
pointees of the Mayor, after the fashion of the
civil service reform.
Considerable but serious damage was done by
the gale in this city. The wind came from the
west and lasted an hour.
A very heavy gale swept over Springfield,
111., yesterday. It blew down an immense
skating rink and the rolling mill of the Spring
field iron company and demolished the round
house of the Gilman, Clinton and Snringfield
chimneys levelling fences. &c« The loss can
not be less than $00,000.
GEORGIA.
A LITTLE RAILROAD HISTORY.
Augusta, Dec. 23.—During the past two
days the directors of the Georgia and represen
tatives of the Georgia Central Railroads have
been conferring here. The cause of the confer
ence is that the Pennsylvania Central is en
deavoring to lease the lines leading from At
lanta to Seim, in which the Georgia and Georgia
Central are both largely interested. The Penn
sylvania Central is said to have made a propo
sal to the Georgia Central Railroad towards
getting its consent towards the lease. The
Georgia Central is now endeavoring to prevent
any arrangement of this kind, and offers other
terms to the Georgia Railroad. It is believed
that the terms will be accepted and the Penn
sylvania Central fail to get control of the lines
above mentioned.
UTAH.
THE EXAMINATION CLOSED.
Salt Lake City, Dec. 24.—The Robinson
murder examination has closed. Hampton,
Tome and Blyde were committed to await ac
tion of the grand jury. The others were dis
charged.
It is reported by the Mormons that Brigham
Young will be here next week.
The snow is ten feet deep on a level in the
Little Cottonwood mining district and is still
snowing.
Governor Woods left to-day for San Francis
co.
NEBRASKA.
HEAVY SNOW STORM.
Omaha, Dec. 23.—The late snowstorm was
very severe and extended through the moun
tains to the Pacific coast. Western trains are
reported snow-bound with a prospect that sev
eral days will be required to clear away obstruc
tions.
INDIANA.
CATHEDRAL DAMAGED.
Indianapolis, Dec. 23.—By a violent wind
storm considerable damage was done in this
city. Portions of the roof of St. John’s Cathe
dral were crushed by the falling of the upper
part of one of the front towers.
At Lafayette a large number of buildings
were unroofed including the Second National
Bank building, postoffice and telegraph build
ings. Several persons were injured.
ILLINOIS.
A HIGH WIND SUPPLEMENTS THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Chicago, Dec. 23 —A heavy wind this after
noon did considerable, damage to buildings in
the course of erection in this city. Several of
the inside walls of the Tribune building were
damaged. Mr. Morton’s new building on Wash
ington street, near Frankliu, was almost com
pletely demolished. A chimney on Byron’s
building on La Selle street, fell and buried a
man. Several other buildings were slightly
damaged.
OHIO.
NOT GUILTY.
Cincinnati, Dec. 23.—The McGehan case at
Dayton went to the jury tliis p. in. A verdict
of not guilty was returned.
TAE PRESIDENT'S FATHER.
Jesse li. Grant’s condition is improving and
it is now thought he will recover.
RAVAGES OF THE GALE.
Toledo, Dec 24.—-The gale yesterday and
last night was one of the most severe every* ex
poriou^a iii mis locality. me ti ios~.p' i;...,..
were prostrated in all directions, and considera
ble damage was done to roofs, chimneys, etc.
The spire of the First Baptist church was blown
down falling upon and partially crushing an
adjoining dwelling. No lives were lost.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
“guilty.”
Columbia, Dec. 24.—In the U. S. Court yes
terday, the jury in the case of Mitchell and
Whitesides, after nearly 24 hours consultation,
returned a verdict of guilty on the second and
fourth counts. Defence moved for new trial
and the-court took a recess till Wednesday
next.
TENNESSEE.
STEAMER SUNK IN THE GALE.
Memphis, Dec. 23.—The gale on the river last
night was very severe. The steamer P. L. Al
len was blown on Reeve’s Bar and sunk. It is
believed that she can be raised.
METEOROLOGICAL.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal)
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Dec. 24 (7.00 P. M.) I
Washington, Dec. 24.—The small area of
cloud, and possibly raiu, will probably advance
from the south Atlantic coast northeastward on
Monday. A falling barometer with partially
cloudy weather and a rising temperature from
New England westward to Michigan is predict
ed. Southwesterly winds will prevail very gen
erally east of the Mississippi, vering to the west
and northwest from Michigan and Missouri to
Minnesota, with cloud and snow in the latter
State. The lowest barometer will move north
east over Lake Huron. Dangerous winds are
not anticipated for to-night.
FOREIGN.
FRANCE.
THE BANK OF FRANCE.
Paris, Dec. 23.—The bill to increase the cir
culation of the bank of France, for relief of
trade and commerce, was still pending when it
adjourned. The committee which has the
measure in charge, while agreeing to its princi
ples, have not yet determined upon the amount
by which circulation is to be augmented. An
increase of 2,700,000 fiances will probably be
adopted in the end.
Foreign Items.
The Prince of Wales is gradually regainin'*
strength.
The Erie railroad protection committee in
Loudon, publish the following from their
agent ot New York: “The new attorney gen
eral, Barlow, proposes in vis official capacity to
bleak up the whole combination of the Erie
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Toronto, Dec. 23.—TUs Ontario Parliament
is prorogued until January 18tli, when the va
ceut seats of the new ministers and those cre
ated bo contested elections will be filled.
STEAMER PASSENGERS REFUSED A LANDING.
Halifax, Dec. 24.—The steamer Alpha re
turned last night from St. Thomas witli passen
gers and freight. In consequence of a report of
cholera at Halifax the authorities refused to al
low them to land.
There was a heavy southerly gale with rain
last night.
Weather Report, Dec. 44, 14 P. M.
War Department, Signal Service, U. 9. Army, Di
visions of Telegrams and Reports for the benefit ot
Commerce.
u
-d g
.3
Place ZS a
3 *a
•f 8 I
observation. E
■all 1
3 w A co
Boston.30.17 36 Calm Fair
Charleston,S.C..30.25 56 Calm Hazy
Clievenno.W. T.29.50 21- S Cloudy
Chicago.29.95 33 SW Fair
Cleveland.29.92 40 S Cloudy
Oorinne, Utah. ,29.74 33 NK Hall
Indianapolis....29.96 39 S Fair
Key West. ..;.;Sul23 75 NE Clear
Montreal --29.92 32 W Cloudy
Mt. Washington.30.00 21 9W Cloudy
New London... .30.17 31 N Fair
New Orleans...30.17 82 9 Clear
New York-, .30,16 40 Calm Cloudy
Norfolk.30,16 30 S Fog
Pittsburg.30.10 39 Calm Fog
Omaha.80.31 -3 NW Cloudy
Portland.30.18 84 Calm Cloudy
Savannah.30.24 64 Calm Fair
Washington-30.14 40 Calm Fair
Wilmington.. 30.27 59 S Fog
Barometer corrected for temperature and elevation.
telegraphic items.
A Memphis special Hays that about three hun
dred negro men thoroughly armed with shot
guns and pistols, a part of them from Arkan
sas, left there last night ostensibly destined for
Helena, but it is almost certain that they are
going to Chicot to assist their brethren.
A freight train was thrown from the track
down an embankment forty feet by a broken
rail, a mile from Youngstown, Ohio, Friday.—
John Ready, a brakeman, was instantly killed.
Tiie conductor and several other persons were
slightly injured.
The funeral of Bishop Osman O. Baker, of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, took place
Saturday morning at Concord. None of the
Bishops attended the funeral, but a large nura
1 her of clergymen were present.
The Toledo Board of Trad? advise that the
city put $200,000 into the Toledo, Thornton and
St. Louis air line railroad to complete the Ohio
Division.
Walter Carter, 30 years old, was killed in
Concord, N. H., Saturday, by the accidental
breaking of a waste piece from some stuff he
was sawing with a circular saw. The piece flew
and hit him in the forehead.
Josiali Mayo, of Gloucester, suffering from
rheumatism, was sitting near the stove while
his wife was bathing his back with alcohol,
when the fluid took tire burning liis back so
badly that it will take some weeks for him to
recover from the effects.
The health officer of Brooklyn reports that
the small-pox is now under control.
The small-^ox is subsiding at Cincinnati.—
The were 57 d a tbs last week.
The French Assembly has adjourned till the
5th of January.
The Ontario Parliament is prorogued till Jan
uary 18.
Sidney E. Morse, brother of Prof. S. F. B.
Morse, died Saturday, aged 78.
The sun hasn’t been seen at Salt Lake for a
week, and the Governor has gone to San Fran
cisco. There is ten feet of snow in the Little
Cottonwood district and more is coining. The
Mormons say that Brigham Young will return
next week. Three of the alleged murderers of
Itobinson have been bound over and the rest
discharged.
A Montreal special to the New York World
says a meeting of the Canadian stockholders of
the Erie railroad has been held in Montreal to
form a combination against the ring and the
present management.
New counterfeit 50 cents currency has appear
ed in New York.
Buffalo entertained the gale Saturday night.
No serious damage sustained.
Capt. James H. Hallett, agent for Isaac Tay
lor Co., was instantly killed Saturday noon
by falling through a scuttle at a bonded ware
house on Union wharf, Boston. Deceased be
longed in Yarmouth, Mass,
j Schneider’s factory on Hester street, New
York city, was damaged $9000 Saturday morn
ing by fire.
H. W. Andrews was arrested Saturday for
the forgery of the name of Charles Leland for
$2000.
The Grand Duke and suite attended a choral
festival at the North Presbyterian church in
Buffalo yesterday afternoon.
Catacazy lias gone to Washington to join his
family.
We have been told that negotiations are on
foot for the practical consolidation of the Knox
and Lincoln and the Maine Central railroads.
We trust such is not the fact, or if it be so we
hope the negotiations will not be consummated.
The Kuox and Lincoln road is—what can be
said of few if any other roads—owned by the
public. The cities at its termini and the towns
on its line are the principal stockholders and sole
mortgagees. They have built the road for their
OWn beilffit. and fur uwn benefit, t.hev
should retaiu control of it.—Bath Timet.
BISUVUSSI NOTICES!.
By W. T. Walker, 31, D.
[From the Medical lttcord of November 1st, 1871.]
Having been requested to state what I know
therapeutically of Kennedy’s Concentrated Ex
tract of Piuus Canadensis, and furthermore be
ing requested to send it for publication in the
columns of your journal, I beg leave briefly to
tax your patience and generosity.
For the past six months I have used this ex
tract in many cases affecting the mucous mem
branes, and in almost every case it has given
eutire satisfaction. Ill abrasion of the os and
cervex uteri, when applied in its full strength
by means of a pledget of cotton, I have found
it far more satisfactory than tannin or iodine.
In endometritis it has proved equally satisfac
tory. I have used it with perfect success in
acute and chronic vaginitis, by applying it in
its full strength every other day. I have also
used it in several cases of gonorrhea, aud must
say that I vastly prefer it to the vaunted rem
edy of claret and tannin.
It is certainly a most valuable astringent and
tonic; and I doubt not that it will very soon
have its place in our Materia Medica.
121 East 3Dth St.
For sale by W. W. Whipple Co. Portland,
and by Druggists generally., dec23-lw
To those wlic are bowed down by nervous
Debility, and despair of ever recovering the
vigor and mien of manhood we earnestly rec
ommend Dk. Walkers California Vinegar
Bitters. Before they have finished the first
bottle, they will feel the restorative principle
at work in every portion of their broken-down
systems and hope will spring up in their hearts.
No case of Dyspepsia, Billiousness, Intermit
tent Fever, Rheumatism, Gout or kidney dis
ease, can resist this unequalled vegetable tonic
which is unpolluted by any distilled or fer
mented liquor. dec9-d4w
Fellows’ Compound Syrup of Hypophos
phites is an excellent nervous tonic. It ex
erts a direct influence on the nervous system.
and through it it invigorates the body.
dec22-dedl w w 11
The mind governs the muscles through the
Nervous System, as the telegraphic apparatus
is influenced by a remote operator through the
wire. If the mind is impaired by age or other
causes, the sympathetic nerves become debilita
ted, and through the nerves the muscles of the
ai-wmavL, Wvm, Heart, Lungs or Genital Or
gans become weakened, and disease in the
form of Dyspepsia, Disease of the Heart, Weak
Lungs or General Debility, follow Tcitn tlieir
accompanying trains of evil. Fellows' Com
pound Syrup of Hypophosphites restores tone
to the mind, the nerves and the muscles. In
this way it overcomes disease.
decl6th-ded&wlt
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Exporta.
MATANZAS. Brig Proteus—6000 box shooks, 250
pairs heading, 12,000 it lumber, 200 boxes herring,
250 bbls potatoes, 83 kits mackerel.
LIVERPOOL. Steamship Prussian—29,548 bush
wheat, 356 do peas, 1000 bbls flour, 34,944 lbs potash,
649 bbls apples, 12,300 lbs beef, 171,789 do bacon, 85,
280 do cheese, 376,100 do butter, 29 pkgs merchan
dise.
CARDENAS. Brig George Burnham—2000 shooks
and heads, 74,550 hoops.
HAVANA. Brig J W Spencer—30,000 ft lumber,
5100 box shooks, 766 si looks and heads, 876 pahs head
ing.
HALIFAX. N. S. Steamer Carlotta—1207 bbls
flour, 100 do oatmeal, 97 do peas, 400 bush do do, 350
do barley, 492 sacks bran, 1 lot merchandise.
Foreign Imports.
PICTOU, N. S. Bark Glenalladale—480 tons of
coal to Jus L Farmer.
Receipts by Railroads and Steamboats.
Grand Trunk Railway—250 cans milk, 400 bbls
flour, 27 cars lumber, 1 do hoops. 2 do bark, 25 bbls
beet, 60 bdls lea boards, 35 bdls sleds, 4 cars starch,
2 do clapboards, 3 do barley, 1 do wheat, 1 do bran,
3 do sundries; for Lower Provinces—400 bbls flour:
fbr Allan Steamers—2b cars of freight.
Steamer Chesapeake from New York—101
hhds molasses, 4 do tobacco, 220 bbls Hour, 40 do whit
ing, 25 do E paint, 9 do oysters. 187 bales rags, 15 do
shoddy,lOdo wool,7 do uuck,3 do buffalo robes,2 do elk
skins, 142 rolls leather, 63 ship knees, 70 pigs tin, 44
bdls paper, 36 do paper hangings, 13 do saud paper,
300 boxes raisins, loo do W. glass, 25 do saleratus, 60
do tobacco, 40 do drugs, 25 do hardware, lo do clocks,
5 do sewing machines, 5u half chests tea, 23 bbls mo
lasses, 4 casks glass ware, 28 bales domestics, 6 do
burlaps, 30 pkgs furnLure, 2 pianos, 160 pkgs sun
dries.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—12 cases
and 12 bales domestics, 35 bbls beef, 105 boxes cauned
fruit, 79 dressed hogs, 1 melodeon, 40 bdls iron, 200
window weights, 52 do axle arms, 5 tons pig iron, 316
hides, 10 bags coffee, 24 bales rags, 40 bbls apples, 20
bags nuts, 25 boxes tin, 7 plates iron, 8 sewing ma
chines, 10 qtls tish, 1 horse, 80 pkgs to order; for Can
ada and up country—1000 boxes raisins, 108 bags dye
wood, 86 boxes clysters, 6 casks soda ash. 27 bales
wool, 62 bbls flour, 20 rolls leather, 98 bales cotton,
36 bdls pai>er, 75 pkgs to order.
New York Mtock and Money Market.
New York, Dec. 23—Morniny.—Gold 108f. Money
7 per cent.. Sterling Exchange 1094 (aj 1094; State
Stocks dull but strong. St ito Stocks dull unu steady.
The following are the closing quotations of Govern
ment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1881.1174
United States 5-2u’s 1862.109
United States 5-20’b 1864. lOflA
United States 5*2o’» 1863, old.\.... Ill
United States 5-20*0 18C3, new.1132
United State* 5-20’s 1867.115i
United States 5-20’s 1868.115
United States 10-40’s., coupon.,.100*
Currency 6’s. 114
The following were the closing quotations of
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 68*
Pacific Mail. 53*
N. Y. Central and Hu<l*on River consolidated_93J
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated scp 88
Erie. 32*
Erie preferred. 63
Harlem..,*.-...118
Harlem preferred.125
Reading.110
Michigan Central.118
Lake Shore Michigan Southern. 91
Illinois Central.130
Chicago North Western. 63f
Chicago Northwestern preferred, ex-tliv. 89
Chicago Rock Island.105*
Milwaukie St. Paul. 53*
Milwaukie St, Paul preferred. 77
Pittsburg Port Wayne... 95
The following were the quotations for Pacific Rail
road securities:
Central Pacific bonds.103
Union Pacific do. 91
Union Pacific stock.*28*
Union Pacific land grants. 79
Union Pacific income bonds. 81
The following are the forenoon quotation* of South
ern securities:
Tennessee Q’h, new. 61*
Virginia 6’s, new. 55
Missouri 6’s. 97
Louisiana 6’s, old. 50
Louisiana 0’s, new. 50
Alabama 5’s. 63
Georgia 7’*. 75
North Carolina 6’s, new. 12
South Carolina 6’s, new. 24
New York Bank Statement.
New York, Dec. 23.—The bank statement for the
week ending December23d is as follows:
Decrease in Specie.$2,986,300
Decrease of Loans. 11,796,700
Decrease of Deposits. 18,544,600
Decrease of Circulation. 458,200
The statement shows a loss in reservq of a million
and a half.
Domestic Market*.
New York, Dec. 23—Cotton dull and nominally
unchanged; sales 1010 bales; Middling uplands 201c.
Flour very dull and in buyers favor; sales '1200 bbls;
Western 5 50; superfine 'Western 5 50 5 90; com
mon do 5 60 6 50; good to choice do 6 40 (a 7 00;
extra Western Wheat 7 00 7 15; Ohio 6 35 7 30;
St. Louis 6 60 9 25; market closing quiet Southern
flour quiet; sales 300 bbls; common to fair 6 50 (a
7 25; good to choice 7 30 aj 9 25. Rye dull and heavy;
sales 150 bbls at 4 50 5 15. Corn quiet and wit.li
ouf decided change. Wliiskey firmer ami quiet; »^lei
100 bbls at 97c. Wheat dull Rollout jpatetfal change;
Nd 2 Chicago and Milwaukee, iu store, 1 46 1 50;
Vfintcr Red Western 1 56159; Amber do 1 60 (a
1 62}; White do 1 60 1 72. Rye dull and nominal!)
unchanged. Barley quiet and heavy; Western 1 67
Corn less active and very heavy; sales 79,000 bush
new Mixed Western afloat 7(B@77*c; new Whitt
Southern 77c; old Western Mixed in store 77Jc. Oati
dull a»d heavy; sales 18,000 bush; Western apd Qhit
in store and afloat at 54 a: 66c. Coffee quiet and firm;
Kio 18$ 20jc; Sugar dull; refined 9 (d) 92. Molasses
steady; New Orleans 48 55c/ Rice dull at 8}. Pe
troleum dull; crude 13$c; refined 23c. Pork dull;
sal. 8 2 >o hhls; new mess at 14 50: old 13 25 13 37:
prime 12 00 12 25; prime mess 11 50 14 00. Beef
quiet; gales 100 bbls. Lard quiet and steady sales
140 tes; No 1 to prime steam 8$ y$C; kettle 94c.—
Butter quiet at 11 23 for Western; State 23 a'33c
Naval Stores—Spirits Turpentine quiet and firm at
18$ 19c; Rosin 5 00 5 05 for strained. Tallow
steady at 8} @9$.
Freights to Liveri>ool dull and declining; per
steam, Corn 5$ 6d.
Chicago, Dec. 23.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
a shade lower; No 1 Spring atJ121; No 2 d« 1 199;
No 3 do at 108$. Corn a shade lower; No 2 Mixed
40| io.'40$c. Oats dull and a shade lower; No 2 at
32c. Rye a shade lower; No 2 at 62$ 62$c. Barley
firm; No 2 Spring 61$ (a) 61$. Pork dull at 13 00.—
Lard drooping at 8fc. Meats unchanged. Whiskey
90c asked.
Receipts—5,000 bbls flour, 21,000 bush wheat, 121,
000 bush corn. 24,000 bush oats, 1,000 bush rye, 11,000
bush barley, 24,000 hogs.
Shipments—3,©oO bbls flour, 3.000 bush wheat, 8,000
bush corn, 9,000 bush oats, 2,000 bush barley, 2,000
hogs.
Total number of hogs packed this season are 629,
000. The board of trade hold no sessions on Monday.
Cincinnati, Dec. 23.—Pork dull and lower at
13 37. Lard drooping at 8$c. Bulk meats quiet and
weak; asking for shoulders 5$c; sides6 @6$c; sides
100,000 lbs. Bacon unchanged. Green meats unset
led asking 4$ 5$e. Hams in pickle 9$ 10c.
St. Louis, Dec. 23.—Market dull. Flour un
changed. Wheat nominal. Corn—No 2 Mixed in ele
vator 42$ 43c. Oats steady. Mess Pork held at 13 25.
Dry salted meats drooping; loose shoulders 4$c; clear
rib sides 5$c. Bacon unchanged. Lard dull at 8$
Milwaukee, Dec. 23.—Wheat held firmly; Nql at
121$; No 2 at 1 18$. Oats steady; No 2 at32$c.—
Corn firm; No 2 Mixed at 4o$c. Rye firm; No 1 at 63$c.
Barley advanced 2e with sales at 62c.
Receipts—2,000 bbls flour, 13,000 bash wheat.
Charleston, Dec. 23-‘Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 19c.
Savannah. Dec. 23.—Cotton quiet; Middling up
lands S8$ 19c. 61
Mobile, Doc. 23.—Cotton quiet and firm; Middling
uplands at 19c.
New Orleans, Doc. 22.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 19$ 19$c. 8
European Markets.
London, Dec. 23—11.30 A. M.—Consols at 921 for
money and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862,92$; do 1865,
old. 93$; do 1867, 93$; U. S. 10-40’s, 93$.
Frankfort, Dec. 23.—United States 5-20*s, 1862,
!*aris, Dec. 23.—Rentes 55f 72c.
Liverpool, Dec. 23—10.30 A. M.—Cotton closed
steady; Middling uplands 9$ lOd; do Orleaus 10$d
sales 10.000 bales.
London, Dec. 23—2 P. M.—Consols closed at 922
for mouey and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862.92$; do 1865,
old, 93$; do 1867, 93$; do 10-40’s, 91$.
Liverpool, Dec. 23.—Cotton closed steady; Mid
dling uplands 9$ lOd; do Orleans 10$d; sales 10,000
bales.
Havana, Dec. 23.—Sugar—stock at Havana and
Matanzas 36,575 boxes and 600 hlidu; exports of the
week 13,675 boxs and 50 lihds.of which 12,000 boxs anil
in Mi. nur in me unuea scares, me marker
was quiet ami buyers were indisposed to grant the
pnues asked for old stock, owing to the arrival of new
Sugar. The large planters continue to curtail
their contracts. Sugar—Nos. 10 to 12 Dutch
Standard 10 Caj 10$ reals; Nos. 15 to 20 at 11$ 13$
reals. Freights flat and unchanged. Molasses Sugar
8$ (g) 9} reals for No 8 to 10 on contracts. Muscovado
Sugar—fair to.good refining y£ y reals.
Boston Stock List.
[Sales at the Broker’s Board, Dec. 23.]
Maine State Sixes. 100
Eastern Railroad. 105}
Michigan Central Railroad. 114
_ [Sales at Auction.]
Bates Manufacturing Company. 115
Few Hampshire State Sixes, 1874." 100
Massachusetts State Sixes, 1893 99
Bangor City-Sixes, 1885.
Western Railroad Sixes, 1875.*.\ 9«J
Musical Merchandise,
CONSISTING OF
PIANOS of the best Manufacture,
HTJHDETT WOOD’S
CELEBRATED
REED ORGANS!
(Old Instruments taken in exchange.)
A CHOICE and large stock of Sheet Music,
Books, Folios, Wrappers. Also a fine
lot of Violins, Banjos, Brums, Ouitnrs,
Cornets, Concertinas, Strings, Music Box
es, Piano Stools. All can be obtained at
HAWES CRAGIN’S Music Store,
77 RIDDLE STREET.
Music sent by mail. dcl2eod-6m
To the Citizens of Portland.
The following notice just received from the De
partment is respectfully commended to the consid
eration of the citizens with the suggestion that by
compliance with its suggestions, letters can be de
livered silently, and the too early interruption of re
pose avoided during the winter months.
C. W. GODDARD, Postmaster.
P. 0., Portland, Dec. 16,1871.
Post Office Department, 1
Washington, D. C., Dec. 7, 1871.
Sir:—With a view to avoid the delays occasioned
by the tardiness of servants in answering the letters
by carriers, this Department favors the adoption by
the public of private letter boxes or devices for the
reception of their letters.
You will therefore encourage patrons of your office,
by all proper means, to provide some safe and suit
able box or other device at their residences, stores,
&c. Very respectfully,
JOHN A. J. CRESSWEL,
Postmaster General.
Postmaster, Portland, Maine. decl8
S LIP P E R S
Slippers for NEen.
Slippers for Women.
Slippers for Boys.
Slippers for IVfisses
Slippers for Children.
SLIPPERS
OF -A.i.L KINDS -A-ISTD sizes.
AT 132 MIDDLE STREET.
dcl3-eod3w la 91. PAL91EB.
BURNETT’S
STANDARD FLAVORING EXTRACTS!
FOB FLAVORING
Soda Syrups, Ice Creams, Custards, Pies,
Blanc Mange, Jellies, Sauces,
Soups, Gravies, otc.
The superiority of these Extracts consists iu their
PERFECT PURITY AND GREAT STRENGTH
There is no subject which should more engross at
tention than the purity of ths preparations which
are used in flavoring the various compounds prepared
for the human stomach.
These Extracts are warranted perfectly free from
the poisonous oils and acids which enter into the
composition of many of the factitious fruit favors
now in the market. They are not only true to their
names, but are prepared from fruits of the best qual
ity, and so highly concentrated that a small quantity
only need be used.
They have stood the test of eighteen years time and
competition, and are pronounced unrivalled by the
most eminent connoisseurs, proprietors of the leading
hotels, and prominent dealers in the United States k
and Canada. They are neatly put up in five size I
—unpaneled bottles, bolding more than paneled
sizes appearing much larger. They are the best
and cheapest Fruit Extract the market affords
Their Standard quantity and quality will be strictly
maintained.
It is necessary in some cases for persons de
siriug “Burnett’s Superior Flavoring Ex
tracts,” to insist ui>on obtaining them in order te
avoid many of the factitious brands offered, becaus
of their larger profits.
JOSEPH BURNETT CO.,
Sole Proprietors, Boston.
For sale by first-clasy Grocers and Druggists gen
erally. dcJsNeod
CHRISTMAS AND WEDDING CAKE?
C IKE OF AM. KINDS
Beautifully Ornamented, Just the tiling for the Holi
days call and see them 1
ALSO
ICE CREAM MADE TO ORDER.
-BY
CHAS. W. LUCY,
dc20-sn eod t,t,s2w 3tt4 Congress St.
Cape Elizabeth flrbt .Hill Kuiglit
vllle.
THE above Mi'lhavieg been put in ibovoutb re
pair. is uow preraied to grind tor the Mercn mts
of Portland, or tor the Faming of this vicinity, in
lar^e or small quantities, on reasonable term* and
•satisfaction guaranteed. supply ot Meal and Com
on hand at all times.
November 11. 1*71. H. LAPPIN.
no lid eod tt
Elegant, Appropriate and Useful
HOLIDAY GOODS.
MRS. WELCH,
79 Middle St., 3d door from Exchange it,
Has a splendid assortment of If JR W GOODS suit
able for
CHRISTMAS!
COMPRISING
Lace Collars, Lace Collars and Sets!
New Styles Emb. Linen Sets!
Embroidered and Lawn-Handkerchiefs!
Linen Hem-Stiched Hdkfs. 20« to $1.
Desirable Silk Scarfs for Ladies!
Gloves and Mittens for Children!
Clouds ol all kinds and prices!
Ladies’ Wallets and Portmonnales I
Ladies’ Companions,
Perfumery and Perfumery Cases!
Opera Sacks and Breakfast Shawls,
Also, a splendid stock of
Wax and China Dolls
Dolls' Hats, Boots, Ac.
LARGE AND SMALL DRESSED DOLLS!
millTnery
AS USUAL, AT
Mrs. C. C. Welch’s,
70 Middle Si., Near the New Poet Office.
dol4 eod lw &w
Confectionery, Oyster and Dining;
Saloon lor Kale.
investigation: Batlefactory reaeons tor Helling.
TAYLOR CO.,
dc21-3t 20 State »t„ Bouton, Maes.
ENTERTAINMENTS.
A Merry Christmas
Happy New Year.
GRAND
HOLIDAY ENTERTAINMENT
—AT—
eluent^ hall.
CHRISTMAS WEEK
-AND
NEW YEAR'S NIGHT!
PROF. "STONE,
IS Ills
Wonderful and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS.
EVERY EVENING AT S O'CLOCK,
Go to Fluent Hall.
A Rich Entertainment, besides an opportunity for
supplying your children and friends with a handsome
Christmas or New Year’s Present, free af cost.
A FINE GOLD WATCH
And at least one hundred other costly ami seasonable
Presents, will be given away each evening.
Remember! Christmas week and New Year’s night,
which will be positively the last night of Prof. Stone
in this city.
Doors open at 7 o’clock; to commence at 8.
Admission (only) 25 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Tickets for sale at Hawes Cragin’s, 77 Middle st,
and at the door.
A MATINEE FOR FAMILIES SCHOOLS
Will be given on CHRISTMAS DAY, at three o’clock,
when every juvenile present will receive a Christmas
Gift, in addition to a nost of large and costly presents
which will be distributed promiscuously among the
audience.
Admission to Matinee 25 cents, to all parts of the
hall. Doors open at 2.
Two magnificent Christmas Trees will be provided
for the occasion.
Don’t fail to attend. Recollect, X-m-a-s Afternoon
and Evening, at fluent Hall. dc25td
The Wolfe Tone Association
Will give their first
Grand Annual Ball
LANCASTER HALL
ON
Wednesday Li ming, Dec. *T, ’Tl.
The Committee will endeavor to make this, their
first Ball, as interesting as isissible.
Music by Raymond’s Full Baud. J. W. Raymond
Prompter.
Floor Director—J. H. REILLY.
AIDES:
P. O. Sullivan, W. Casey, J. E. Farrell
T. J. Swift, J. Half.v, j. McGlynn,
T. O’Brien, J. C. Boland, M. Quinn.
Tickets One Dollar, admitting Geut and Ladles, can
be had at the door.
N. B. Clothing checked free. decistd.
THE LADIES OF
Woodford’s Corner, Deering,
HOLD A
LEVEE!
In the Vestry of their New Churchy
Wednesday Evening, Dee. 2Tth,
FANCY ARTICLES,
OYSTERS,
ICE CREAM,
And other Refreshments for sale.
Hot Turkey Supper with all the fixing, served at 7
o’clock.
Ailmission to the Levee and Supper, $1. To the
Levee alone, 15c. dc25td
FOURTH GRAND ASSEMBLY
BY THE
West End Boat Club
—AT—
LANCASTER HALL,
THURSDAY EVENT., Dec. 9Sth.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENT:
John C. Havertt, James Mahoney,
John Gorman, Thomas Ball,
Edward Clauan, John Shannon.
MUSIC—Chandler’s Full Quadrille Band.
Clothing checked free. dc21eodlw
Army Navy Coarse.
SIXTH ENTERTAINMENT.
Friday Evening, December 29th,
LECTURE BY
Rev. Wm. H. H. Murray,
OF BOSTON.
Doors open at 6. Concert by the Portland Bn4
at 7$; Lecture at 7.1.". Evening'rickets 30 cents;
sale at C. W. Uilkey Co’s, and at the Music Store*
of Ira C. Stock bridge and Hawes Cragin.
Note—Owners or No. 8 Course tickets can obtain
tickets to the Supplementary Course at a discount of
one third from the regular price, on application at
oi'AnutuiEL- a music outre.
L Reserved seats for the Grand Parepa Rosa and
A<loWlo A>hilHpa Concert oau be pnn^^usl at C. W
Gilkey Co’s. dc25 td
GRAND
NEW YEARS BALL
—GIVEN BY—
Portland Light Infantry!
at
CITY HALL,
Monday Evening, January 1,1872.
MUSIC BY
CHANDLER’S FULL QUADRILLE BAND
Floor Tickets admitting Gent and Ladies, $1.00.
Gallery Tickets, 50 cents. To be had at Hawes
Cragin’s Music Store; Dr. Edward Mason’s; Fessen
den Bros. Periodical Depot, and George Webster’s
under Flucut Hall.
The Military are invited to appear in uniform.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS*,
Capt. C. P. Mattocks, Lieut. N. G. Fessenden,
Sergt. F. E. Dow, Private C. E. Littlefield.
Clothing Checked Free. dc23 td
d ~jT n c i isr g 7
MB. A. B. GEK’8
Second Course of Assemblies in connection with thej
last half of his Dancing School, will commence ou
CHRISTMAS EVENING, Mon lay, the 25ili, and
continue every Monday Evening.
MUSIC BY CHANDLER.
Mr. Gee will commence bl9 Third term for begin
ners in Dancing, on Weduesdav Evening, Dec. 27th
at Army Navy Union Hall, cor. Brown and Con
gress sts.
Private Lessons each day except Fridays, For par
ticulars apply at the Hall. dc2ltf
M. L. A.
SUPPLEMENTARY COURSE,
COMMENCING
Wednesday Evening, January 3d.
WITH A LECTURE BY
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH.
Subject: “Houses and Homes.”
TO BE FOLLOWED BY
Mia. KATE STANTON,
Jin. VICTORIA C. WOODIU'LL.
Him KATE REIGNOLDI,
Hr,, «HIU STRAW FOREMAN.
IV Concert by tlie Portland Band before each
entertainment.
Tickets to the Course, including Beecher’s lecture,
Jauuary 10th, $1 25. Evening tickets, 50 cents.
Patrons of the Regular Course by exchanging 'Ticket
No. 8 at StockbrMge’s, 156, Exchange street, Hawes
Cragin’s, 76 Middle street, or Daniel Wentworth’s,
I 'PVT /'ArrrtPooo Ik.._OE.I. _ k.
tain tickets to the Supplementary Course with Cou
pon tickets to Beecher’s lecture for 75 cents. The
gallery seats will be reserved for the Course at 50
cents each (not including Beecher’s lecture). The
sale of reserved seats will commence at nine o’clock
Saturday morning, Dec. 23d, at Stockbridge’s Music
Store. dec 15-t jan 4
LITTLE BAREFOOT
GO TO
ADAMS McCORRISOIVS,
BUT A FEW STEPS FROM
MUSIC HALL!
Where you will find a splendid assortment of
Boots, Shoes and Slippers.
W.e have a full line of new goods for the Holidays.
Toilet Slippers, all styles, 75c to $2.75.
288 Congress St.
declOdlw OPPOSITE PREBLE HOUSE.
Western City and County Bonds
FOR SALE at prices which vield lO to 12 i»er
cent, interest. A very desirable security for in
vestment.
CHARLES M. HAWKES,
dclltf in__28 Exchange St.
Found.
IN coming out of the New Cite Hall, on the night
of Dec. 19, a lady’s Bracelet. The owner ran
have the same liy proving pro;>erty and paying charg
es, by applying at Mr*. Hill’s Boarding House, cor
ner of Franklin aud Federal »t- dc21d3t*
Cigar, Stationery and Periodical
Store for Sale.
ON a leading thoroughfare; well established regu
lar run of good paying buslne**; a bargain 1* of
fered if applied for immediately; rhanee seldom of
fereil. TAYLOR CO., 20 State *t., Boston. d«213
BEST“QUALITY
New Buck-Wheat,
NEW OATMEAL,
IFor sale by
CIIASE BROTHERS,
decl9eedlw l'lO Commercial Ht.
ENTERTAINM ENTS.
GRAND BALL,
-BY
PORTLAND
Typographical Union,
at
CITY HALL,
Christmas Night, Monday, Dec. 25,
MUSIC -CHANDLER’S FULL BAND.
Ticket* 91.25, admitting gentleman and ladies; to
be obtained of the member* of the Union and at the
door.
The Comittee will exercise their discretion in the
disposal of tickets.
Clothing taken care of without charge. decltitd
PORTLAND THEATRE.
REVIVAL OP PIN AND PRESENTS.
POSITIVELY FIVE NIGHTS ONLY.
COMMENCING
SATURDAY EYENINti, DEC. *3.
Return of the Original
FAKIR OF VISHNU,
In his pleasing
gipt magical soirees,
ArDED UY
SIG. BRIGINSI
And the W ouderful
MARIONETTE FAMILY.
I lOO Beautiful Present* Girea Away
Nightly.
The Best Entertainment Traveling.
Admission 35cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents; Chil
dren 25 cents.
Doors open at 7; Performance at 8.
Grand Matinee Christinas afternoon.
dc20 d&wtf w51
A Christmas Tour
IN THE HOLY LAND.
The Christmas Entertainment of the Sunday .School
connected with Chestnut Street M. E. Church will
cousist of an
Exhibition of Ulne Paintings,
Illustrating the Scenery of the lands of the Bible, to
be given at the Church on
Monday Evening, Dee. 2oth.
All the important places now visited by travelers
iu Palestine are seen, viz:—Sidon, .Jaffa. Bethlehem,
Hebron, Jerussilem, Mt. of Olives, Bethany, Nazar
eth, Tiberias ami Sea ofGallilee, with views of the
interior of Mosque of Omar, Churches of the Nativity
tie* are »eeu and described by one familiar with the
country so that aa a Christmas onteiUiniueut it ia
unnarpaaaed.
Tickets 25 cents; for sale at Bailey Noy»\ Turner
Bros., M. G. Palmer's, and at the door. dc22-3t
Christmas Festival and Supper,
—at the—
AI.I.KW JIIMIONCnAPEL, LwniRi.
MONDAY EVENING, DEC. 2Sth.
A Sapper will be provided to the children of the
Mission grstitutiouslv, and all friends of the Miasion
and Its work, are kindly requested to tend in dona
tion* of refreshments on Monday sfternoon.
Refreshments of various kinds will also b* for *ale.
C Sturdivant
W. D. Hatch Com.
Daniel Gookik
AUCTION SALES.
Elegant Silver Plated Ware
AMD CVTLKKY,
AT AUCTION.
O* Tuesday, Dec. 19, 19 •’elk, A. 91.,
and continue until all is sold,
At 10 A. M. and 2J P. M. each day.
WE shall sell the largest and most magnificent
stock of SILVER PLATED WARE, ever of
fered iu this city, consisting in part of.
Tea Sets, Card and Cake Baskets,
Vases, Roquet Holders,
Berry Dishes, Fruit Stands
Spoon Holders, Fruit Dishes,
Muffs and Goblets,
Ice and Water Pitcher
Dinner, Breakfast, and Pickle Castor*,
Cake, Pie, and Fruit Knives,
Celery Standi,
Napkin Rings, Knife Rests,
Butter, Pie and Cake Knives,
Fish Knives and Forks,
Fruit and Oyster Forks,
Soup, Oyster, Gravy and Cream Indies,
Table Forks, Spoons, Ac.
All bearing the reliable trade mark of the Wiloox
Silver Plate Company, Hoimeu, Booth *Sr Haydeu'a,
Meredian and other emmllv reliable mamifaetwrpu.
All .uudrnplr, triple, or doable plelo
ware.
Fine Table and Poeket Cutlery
Of American and English manufacture, in every
variety and finish.
We ask Ladies and Gentlemen to call at our rooms
and examine these elegant and reliable goods, feeling
confident, Vf they will, they will pronounce them the
finest display of plated goods ever in this city.
So favorable an opportunity to buy
Useful and Elegant Holiday Gifts,
was never offered to the public before.
Sale positive. Every article offered sold withou
reserve.
V. O. BAILEY A CO., Aarrieaeen.
doclS-td
ONE HUNDRED
BARRELS APPLES
AT AUCTION.
On Tuesday, December 26tb,
AT 12 M.. at Salesroom. 18 Exchange street, we
shall sell one hundred (100) Barrels Prime (irecn
en Apples to close a consignment. Sale positive, with
out reserve.
F. O. BAILEY CO., Auctioneers..
House and Uot at Auction.
ON Friday, December 29, at 12 o'clock M. we shall
sell at public auiion the House and Land known
as the BenJ. F. Whitehouse proj*erty, near Fumes'
Island, Cape Elisateth, in District No. 12. The house
is new, two-story and furnished throughout in good
order. Lot 54x100. Said i>r<n>erty can be examined
at any time by calling on 0. Cole, near the property.
Terms easy and made known at sale.
F. O. BAILEY A C O., AucUeaeev*.
Dec 23-td
R. K. HTJNTT,
Commission Merchant and Auctioneer
NO 316 Congress St., will sell every evening a large
assortment of Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods will be sold during the day in lots to mM.
Surchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on aH
ascription of goods. Consignments not limited.
February 11, 1 b(M. dtf
INTERNATIONAL STEAMSHIP CO.
Eastport, Calais and St. John, Dighy,
Windsor and Halifax.
WINTER ARRANGEMENT.
ONE TRIP PER WEEK
On and after MONDAY, Dec.
25th, the Steamer New Bruns
wick, Cant 8. H. Pike, will leave
Kail road Wharf, foot of State St.,
every Monday, at 5.15, p. m., for
Eastport and St John.
Keturning will leave St. John and Eastport every
Thursday.
tir*Coiinecting at Eastport with Steamer QUEEN,
for St. Andrews and Calais and with N. B. C. Rail
way for Woodstock and Houlto.-i stations.
Connecting at St. John with the Steamer EM
PRESS for Digbv anil Annapolis, thence by rail t»
Windsor aud Halifax and with the E. A N. A. Rail
way fur Shediuc ami intermediate stations.
Freight received on days of sailing until 4
o'clock, p. m.
Winter rates will be charged for freight after Dec.
20th. A. R. STUBBS, Agent.
dc20 is t Sat then os tf
mmm
UULU UUO I
GOLD DUST.
It ia the beat Floor n Portland for tho
.VIon 7!
GOLD DUST.
It merer fail, ta plea*e the aat fa.lideeu.,
GOLD DUST
I. bought uad Hard, hy aid, retired, Clear
Haro h—a.
GOLD DUST.
I have aold lOO barrel* of it, aad aot one
reiurueil
GOLD DUST.
If once u*ed, yon will alwaya aae it!
GOLD DUST.
Don’t fnil to come for it. It will eertnialy
make home happy. Von will hear no more
‘jaw” from yonr servant girla. It ia anro
to pleaar.
WHOLESALE ANT) RETAIL.
85 COMMERCIAL STREET,
OPPOSITE THE OI.D CLOCK!
W. II. HALL,
_P023dtf I.atf Japan Tea Stere.
Sealed Proposals
WILL be received for building a Masonic Hall at
Yarmouth Corner until December U3tb, at 13
o’clock A. M.
Plans and specifications can be obtained of the un
dersigned at hit* dwelling house. The committee re
Kr,c right to reject toy or
Per order of the Building Committee.
Yarmouth, Doe. 13.1871. i»td