THE PRESS, j
TUESDAY MOBNINW. »EC* 18»1871,
The Mub.idi». <1 M»ilrond C'o,u,...u, n..d it.
tjH,,,l »|»r«-MlafioM*i.
We counted the cost before the Press
begun to expose and denounce great ami pow
erful monied corporations. It was to lie ex
pected that invective and missrepsentation
would be employed to divert public attention
.from the facts which are set forth in pursu
ance of a purpose to show the people of Maine
how their generosity to the European
North American railroad and other corpora
tions has been abused. We do not flatter
ourselves that we shall escape with so moder
ate a reprimand as even the Bangor Whig’s
intimation that the Press is actuated by hos
tility to the road in question, and “to Eas
tern Maine.”
Now we proposo to put it out of the power
of any reputable newspaper or honerable
man to reiterate hereafter these or any simi
lar charges. We shall compel our opponents
to face such facts and argumeats as we may
be able to present instead of sliding easily
and comfortably into “You are working for
some hostile interest,” “You are jealous of
Eastern Maine,” “You are attacking the
credit of the European North American
road. The Press has called attention to
the doings of that road and its agents solely
in the interest of the State. It has absolutely
wo other motive. Portland is now so
intimately connected by commercial ties
with Eastern Maine that the most fer
tile imagination can suggest no reason
why our citizens or our newspapers should
cherish anything but the most cordial feelings
toward that locality and its people. Portland
depends in no small measure on Eastern
Maine for its business prosperity. And as for
the European North American road the
Press certainly has a pecuniary interest hi
its prosperity. It has received from that com
pany daring the past year more money for
advertising than from all the other railroads
in Maine. It has#not, however, regarded it
self as bribed by receiving money in a mere
business transaction, and there is up to this
time no reason to suppose that the officers of
the road have looked upon the transaction in
that Fiskish light. Representatives of the
Press who have had occasion to pass over
the road have been treated with such uniform
courtesy that it is doubly unpleasant for us,
out of regard to what we conceive to be the
unmistakable duty of a public journal, to op
pose its pretensions. What we have done is
precisely what any journal, in >v estern or
Eastern Maine, believing what we believe,
ought to do without hesitation and without
stopping to consider the effect upon itself.
We have exercised the more freedom in
this vindication of the motives of the Press
because we are most unwilling that its influ-s
ence in this and other needful work in which
it is engaged should be impaired by allowing
its opponents to place it in a wrong position.
Accordingly, for once and all, we defy men or
angels or devils to cite one fact which is cal
culated to throw even a suspicion on the pu
rity of the motives that have influenced the
Press in the matter of the European
North American Railroad, State subsidies and
collateral subjects.
But to the matter in hand. The Whig
says that the rumor to the effect that the
Pennsylvania railroad has the control of the
European North American road is not true.
Our statement in regard to that matter was
made in a most guarded manner. We said it
was only “a rumor,” but we did not say, as we
might, that our informant, who is a prominent
man and who has peculiar facilities for becom
ing acquainted with the internal economy of
Maine roads, s tated to us that his belief in regard
to the matter as amounting to certainty. With
such authority, We must decline even now,
as much as we respect the fairness, intelli
gence aud integrity of the Whig to accept its
loose, general denial in place of the distinct,
authoritative, almost official affirmation on
which the original statement was founded.
The rumor may prove false. We hope so
most sincerely. But the probability is, ac
cording to our present information, that even
if it should be found that it is nominally in
independent hands, it is virtually controlled
by the gentlemen connected with the Penn
sylvania Central who have so largely invest
ed In its securities.
So much for the rumor. The Whig pro
ceeds to show that no investigation is needed
in regard to the formal transfer of the pub
lic lands by the Governor and Council to the
road by the following statement:
The act of the Legislature of 1868, convey
ed to the Company the ownership of certain
timDt. „rid lands; the character of the grant
was specified in repeated clauses of the act so
that, thrt nnrnnrt nr Ov a moocn rn uroe o nno I
ent. Certain lands set apart for settling were
excepted from the grant, and the only oues
tions are as to some lands which it is held
■were not so set apart, and tlm t/mber on some
townships. It is well Known that the bonds
of the Company are secured by lien upon the
property thus granted by the Legislature, and
the bondholders are entitled to the benefit of
all that was granted by the State. A con
flict of opinion having arisen as to the prop
er construction of the grant, and the compa
ny being advised that permits had been given
for cutting timber which is claimed under the
grant, the officers of the Company have sim
ply requested the State authorities to with
hold permits for cutting such timber, or to
appoint a trustee to hold the stumpages until
the question of title can be adjudicated by
the Supreme Court. That it is the duty as
well as the right of the Company to obtain
all that the legislature granted them, no one
will question; and there is nothing reprehen
sible in their request to have their interests
protected, pending the final interpretation of
the conveyance, by the State Court. This is
the plain statement of a case which has been
distorted recklessly by the assailants of
the railway company. So far from de
siring to interfere with settlers, every
one must see that the company is more
interested in the settlement of these lands
than any other party, and they are ready to
extend every encouragement and facility in
this direction. The State has granted them
certain lands and timber and if there is any
dispute as to the limitations of that grant, the
Supreme Court is the proper tribunal for its
adjustment. The Company are not trying to
evade this judicial scrutiny; on the contrary,
they desire it, and in asking for it they have
aroused a storm of misrepresentation.
In support of this statement the Whig
quotes an irrelevant letter of ex-Govemor
Chamberlain, written for the sole purpose of
replying to an intimation of the Argus that
the Governor and Council had been guilty of
negligence in signing the deed. The Gover
nor sa^B in his note, which has been publish
ed in these columns, that the description in
the deed followed strictly “a schedule from
the land agent’s office, purporting to include
the lands coming within the effect of the
grant” from the the State, and that “the
Governor’s deed could not convey anything
not granted by the Legislature.” Gen.
Chamberlain’s letter was just what it was in
a._J-J a. _ 1_ i e
u uhicm.0 ui liiu viuvcruur auu
Council. But neither that letter nor the
Whig* statement meets our point, which is
that ths company claims property not con
veyed bf the State, and that it has wrongful
ly endeavored to establish its title thereto by
a series of adroit but reprehensible maneu
vres, including the insertion in the deed of
an improper schedule obtained from the land
office in the absence of the head of that de
partment. That the road will obtain only what
the State meant to grant we verily believe,
but that it founds on the too generous deed a
much larger claim is certain.
We mean to state the case once more so
plainly that it will be impossible for anyone to
misunderstand it or misrepresent it. The
original grant to the European North
American railroad gave that corporation all
the public lands on the waters of the Penob
scot and St. John except those set apart for
settlement under previous acts of the Legisla
ture. But in the year 1808 the road came
once more before the Legislature with a pe-
tition that the State would remove an incum
brance resting on the ceded territory in the
shape of a large debt due Massachusetts. The
Legislature, with its accustomed munificence 1
when dealing with this favored corporation, J
granted the modest request, but while its at- j
tention was occupied solely with the matter
which ostensibly was the main purpose of the j
bill, it did not observe that the grant had
been changed, and that the state had now
given “for. the defence of the Northeastern 1
frontier” not simply the lands, but “the tim- J
ber and lands” pn the waters of the Penob
scot and St. John Members of the Legisla- 1
ture of 1808 have assured us that this change
in the phraseology of the grant was so quietly
and deftly made that it entirely escaped their
observation.
But this piece of neat legislative work had j
o lie supplemented by another and much
mire difficult one in Order to be of any avail.
Phis alone would have profited the company
lothing if the deed made in pursuance of the
ict had included merely the lands granted,
or both timber and lands within those limits
tad been conveyed by the State. The way
,hey obtained another sort of deed was this:
Yfter the passage of the act of 18(38 the pffi
>ers of the road, taking advantage of the ab
lenco of Mr. Burleigh, the Land Agent, de
namlcd their deed. Their urgency was ex
reme, and yielding at length to their irupor
.unity the Governor and Council gave a deed
jased on a schedule prepared and signed by
t. H. Clark, a gentleman now, if not then, in
the employ of the road. Among the lands
.‘numerated in this schedule were the towns
hips set apart for settlement, though of
course the deed contained a clause referring
to the lands excepted in the legislative act.
The whole purpose of the company is thus
made plain. The lands and not the timber in
the excepted townships was reserved for the
State, and it is on this pretext that an at
tempt is made to deprive the people of Maine
of the meagre remnant of the public domain,
in the interest of foreign capitalists. Mr.
Clark had no authority to act for
the Laud Agent in a matter of
so grave importance, and the latter
officer, had he prepared the schedule, would
not, as he has since avowed, have made it in
such a way as to render the present prepos
terous claim of the company possible. The
precipitancy with which the company, acted
is calculated to throw still more suspicion on
its good faith. It has been stated on the
very best authority that the Secretary of
State, whose duty it was to sign the deed,
wits not given time even to read it, though he
earnestly desired that privilege. It should be
added that the managers of the road, have
not concealed their hostility to Mr. Burleigh
since the transaction above described while
Mr. Clark, whose zeal in their behalf was so
conspicuous and so valuable, is now an offi
cer of the road.
There is another matter that deserves atten
tion as illustrating the spirit in which.the Eu
ropean North American road has accepted
the bounty of the State. That corporation
VUUlgLU *1 I til U k-llllglL UUIJ •-'■■‘•‘IV
that has given it all its remaining lands and
a large sum of money, besides paying off its
incumbrances. This duty was the encour
agement of immigration, which was laid upon
it by the act of 186(5. How lias that sim
ple, reasonable, inexpensive requirement
been met No attention whatever was paid
to it till the Legislature of 1871 made further
neglect of it o penal offence. Since that time
the company has issued a little circular, pre
pared by a clerk in their office whom they
have elevated to the dignity of “immigration
agent” in tardy and reluctant compliance
with the requirements of the act of 1866.
This and a little advertising in a Ban
gor paper is all that has been done to encour
age immigration by the corporation into
whose coffers Maine has poured so great a
part of its modest estate! Meanwhile the
people of the State have been at great ex
pense and trouble to divert the rich stream of
Scandinavian emigration to Aroostook—a
work which the railroad ought promptly and
in good faith to have taken on itself. It is a
curious circumstance that the State has set
tled its colony on the very lands of which the
road is now trying to dispossess it!
Gov. Campbell’s iWomax Suffbage Mes
sage.—The message of Governor Campbell of
Wyoming, vetoing the bill repealing woman
suffrage, and which the territorial council sus
tained on Friday, reviews at length the famil
iar argument of the advocates of woman suf
frage and some of the practical results of the
experiment, as follows:
In this Territory women have manifested for
its highest interests a devotion strong, ardent
and intelligent. They have brought to public
affairs a clearness of understanding and a
soundness of judgment which, considering their
exclusion hitherto from practical participation
in political agitation and movements, are
worthy of the greatest admiration, and above
all praise. The conscience of women in all
things is more discriminating and sensitive
than that of men; their sense of justice not
compromising or time-serving, but pure and
exacting; their love of order not spasmodic or
sentimental merely, but springing from the
heart. All these the better conscience, the ex
alted sense of justice, and the abiding love of
order, have been made by the enfranchisement
of women to contribute to the good government
and well beiug of onr Territory. To the plain
teachings of these two years I cannot close my
eyes.
The message closes with the constitutional
objection that the repeal act exceeds the limits
of legislative power, that a legislature has no
power to disfranchise its own constituents.
Tub case in behalf of this Government to be
laid before the Tribunal of Arbitration at Ge
neva makes a printed volume covering 480
pages prepared since the adjournment of the
Joint Higli Commission by Hon. J. C. Ban
croft Davis, agent of the United States before
the Tribunal, who has been assisted by C. C.
Beaman, Esq., the whole work fiaving had the
counsel, inspection and co-operation, as it pro
gressed, or Hon. Caleb Cushing.
The Chicago Tribune says, Vanderbilt wants
to buy the Hoosac tunnel for a family vault.
The Pennsylvania railroad requires the Boston,
Hartford and Erie road to supply Thomas Scott
with wooden nutmegs and shoe-peg oats for
feeding liis numerous State legislatures, First
class in geography, stand up! What is the
population of the United States? Answer:—
Five, viz: Thomas Scott, Cornelius Vander.
bilt, Leland Stanford, Jay Gould and William
S. Orton.
Hon. Ben Field of Albion, N. Y., got on
the train for Rochester and took a seat with a
stranger, who, after riding some ways accused
the ex-Senator of stealing $00 from his pocket
book. Mr. Field protested his innocence, but
the irate and excited stranger insisted that “he
was the feller,” and demanded of the conduc
tor to arrest him. The conductor refused, stat
ing the character of the man,—that he was a
member of the last legislature of that State.
Hearing this, he demanded Field’s arrest more
vehemently, probably deeming this the best ev
idence in the world that the accused was a pick
pocket.
The telegraphic report published yesterday
morning that Ex-Gov. Seward was very low
with paralysis, is entirely without foundation,
is a telegram from Auburn, N. Y. yesterday
itates his health to be “perfect^ good.”
If you want to make your little ones a
Christmas present that will make them happy
throughout the year and the best possible ex
penditure of $1.50, sent that amount to JnhnL.
Shorey, 3(1 Broomfield street, Boston, and get
the Nukseby.
Items*
H011. Frank Jones, of Portsmouth, N. H., did
Qot appear at Lowell, Monday morning to take
his wheelbarrow ride to his home, thus forfeit
ing: his S475 grold watch.
History repeats itself. The cry of the Dem
ocracy is, “How can we beat Grant?” General
R. E. Lee strnggled in vain over the same con
tndrum a few years ago. And, strange to re
ate, it remains uusolved to this day!
Gen. Benj. W. Brice has been placed on the
retired list at his own request. He entered the
Military Academy from Virginia in 1825. He
was paymaster two yearsin the Mexican war
and was again appointed paymaster in 1852, re
maining in the corps until lie was commission
id as Paymaster General in 18(14.
Beverdy Jonnson is said to be completely dis
gusted with the Ku-Klux trials in which he is
■ngaged. The revelations made by those plead
ng guilty are enough to shook less sensitive
nen.
The Grand Duke has given $1500 to the poor
if Boston.
The superintendent of schools at Hunter’s
Vint repudiates the late compromise, and the
lible war will probably be resumed.
John Cooper (colored) has beeu convicted of
nurder in the first degree for killing James H.
’wing (also colored) in Cleveland, Ohio, about
i month ago.
igwftlftST1 hands at a dog
lay'was $5tW,0(Hx"leUt from New Y”'k Sa‘>
The Mausficld-Fislc case has been postponed
(gain on account of the sickness of the plaintiff.
A New York dispatch says a lawyer named
Ilatchford was robbed of $50,000 in bonds in
he street Saturday.
John U. Norton, of New York, who stole
ome $115,000 from the money order department
f the Post Office a few months ago has been
.nested by Government officers. lie had been
n the office sixteen years.
English merchants, when the illness of the
’rince of Wales was alarming, bought the en
ire stock of black gloves, black artificial flow
rs, drygoods and jet ornaments in Paris.
The agents of the International Society re
•ort that the French army is composed of re
lublicans and imperialists; the latter are much
he strongest in number.
The Home Secretary is likely to request par
lainent to give him authority to expel Carl
,\lrx from the United Kingdom Marx’s resi
igentsW‘ be placed under tlle watch of police
WMd'to'a return to Pari,0’’ ■arc °p’
ikelv tliat thf» f.an®» though it is quite
uoved thither. e dePartraent will be re
Death of Henry T. Tuekertnaa.
The death of Henry T. Tuckerman, so inti
mately connected with American literature, is
announced to have occurred in New York Sun
day. Tlterc are no details of the event, which
is a surprise to .many.
Mr. Tuckerman was born in Boston, April *20,
1813, and was therefore, at his death in the 59th
year of his age. He received his education in
our schools, hut did not cuter college, as when
alanit to do so, in 1833, the state of his health
Induced him to visit Europe,where he remained
a year, passing most of tlio time ill Italy. Tile
result appeared in his first literary effort, entit
led “The Italian Sketch-Book,” published in
1S35. it was a collection of sketches, descrip
tive and historical, essays anil talcs, and was
well received. In 1837 he revisited Europe, and
passed nearly two years in Sicily and Florence,
embodying his observations in part in Ids next
laiok, "Sicily, a Pilgrimage,” published in 1838.
From that time onward his pen was busily at
work, producing “Rambles and Reveries"
(1841): “Thoughts on the Poets” (184C). devot
ed chiefly to masters of the English school
(translated into German by Muller); “Artist
Life, or Sketches of American Painters” (1848);
“t’httracteristics of Literature” (1849), of which
a second series appeared In 1851; 'The Opti
mist” (1850), a collection of miscellaneous es
says; a “Life of Commodore Silas Talbot"
(1851); “A Month in England" (1853), the
fruits of a brief visit to Europe in 1852; “Me
morial of Horatio Greeuough” (4853); “Bio
graphical Essays” (1857). In 1851 a collection
of his poems, embracing an elaborate metrical
essay, entitled “The Spirit of Poetry,” was
published in Boston. Among his later produc
tions was a comprehensive “Sketoh of Ameri
can Literature.”
In 1845 Mr. Tuckerman removed from Bos
ton to New York, where, with the exception of
his summers passed at Nowport, he resided for
the remainder of his life. In 1850 lie received
from Harvard University the honorary degree
of A. M. In addition cliiofly to the works enu
merated above, Mr. Tuckerman was a frequent
contributor to the lending literary reviews and
magazines of the country. As an essayist lie
ranked high, uniting to great accuracy of state
ment, suggestiveuess, a genial, liberal tone, a
well balanced judgment and a stylo lucid and
elegant. He was a fervent patriot, and the
moral spirit of all his writings was singularly
pure and healthful.
The Death of Mayor Dale.—The Bangor
Whig gives the following particulars of the
death of Mayor Dale:
Mayor Dale had been attending to ids busi
ness as usual on Saturday and had given no
signs of serious indisposition. It seems, how
ever, that on Sunday morning he was not feel
ing entirely well and concluded to keep the
house during the forenoon while his wife at
tended church. No apprehension of serious
illness was entertained by Mrs. Dale, and she
went to church, leaving iier husband at home
alone, without a presentment of the blow which
was so soon to fall. On retumimr a little before
1 o clock 1\ M., and repairing to their sleeping
room Mrs. Dale was terrified at finding her hus
band prostrate on the floor. Instantly raising
his head in her ai ms, she hurriedly dispatched
a messenger for the physician, endeavoring in
the meantime to restore her husband to con
sciousness. All efforts were unavailing, as the
dying man opened his eyes but for a moment
to close them in the sleep of death. On the ar
rival of the physician it was found that human
skill could do of no avail, the dread stroke of
apoplexy having done its fatal work. There
were indications that Mr. Dale had begun prep
arations for taking a bath, having partially re
moved his clothing, when a feeling of faintness
or some other circumstance induced a return to
the chamber, where the attack seized him and
he fell. The sad news quickly spread through
out the neighborhood, and kind and Sympa
thizing friends were soon gathered where the
hush of a great grief had settled down upon
the once cheerful and hospitable home.
In all those enterprises that have made Ban
gor and Eastern Maine conspicuous, Mayor
Dale was one of the foremost leaders. His
success in business lias been due to a rare sa
gacity coupled with great energy and industry.
In connection with the Maine regiments that
rendezvouzed at Bangor, the generosity,thought
fulness and efficiency of Mayor Dale will be
long remembered. Among its many enterpris
ing and valuable citizens there is no one whose
loss would be a more general calamity than that
of Samuel H. Dale. Mr. Dale was about fiO
years of ago.
Washington Mattees.—Commissioner Ba
er of the Pension Office has been indefatigable
since he was appointed in having the names of
undeserving pensioners stricken from the rolls,
and in punishing frauds. During the past year
three hundred and one names which had been
improperly placed on the pension rolls were
dropped, and nine attorneys have been convict
ed of fraud, while others are waiting trial. He
thinks that an annual publication of the roll of
pensioners, in their various localities, would
expose many impostors.
President Grant is said to feel the attacks in
directly made upon him in the Senate as sanc
tioning the use of the the public service as in
strument of political or party power, it is fur
ther reported that lie is preparing a special
message to Congress, in which he will indicate
his position as an earnest advocate of civil ser
vice reform.
The House Committee on Military Affairs
will have presented to it for consideration, after
the holidays, the of a law providing for the re
organization, equipment, uniforming and dis
cipling of the militia, and the. cnmne.nsation of
a portion of it for annual camp duty under the
instruction of a United States officer.' The
West Point officers, it is said, do not favor the
proposition to improve the efficiency of the
militia.
Sir. Hoar’s bill establishing a National Com
mission of Labor is much talked of. The Demo
crats oppose it, and a few Republicans, promi
nent among whom is Judge Bingham, do not
fancy it. But if nothing prevents, Mr. Hoar
will it-, lin nn Tnoarlov on/1 if will nnl.tm,l
by the House, with excellent chances of sue'
cess in the Senate.
Senator Wilson stated in a speech Sunday
night that during the present session the
Congressional Temperance Society will hold
a grand temperance revival at the Capitol
that will go out to the world, showing the peo
ple that the spirit to do good exists in Washing
ton.
It is now stated that Catacazy did his utmost
while Hon. C. M. Clay was Minister to Russia,
to have recalled.
“Perley” says President Grant will, before
the close of the present week, take a position
on the Civil Service bill that will convince the
people that he is in earnest, while the removal
of what is known as “patronage” from Con
gressmen will showr why some of them wished
to get control of the matter, and to talk loudly
over its abuses while they really profit by them.
Monsieur Catacazy has at last been directed
to return to Russia, after having accompanied
Prince Alexis as far as St Louis, and Monsieur
Boris Danzas, the Secretary of the Russian
Legation here, has been ordered by Prince
Gortscliakoff to act as charge d'affaires pro
tempore, until a charge d'affaires shall arrive.
It is hardly probably that a new minister will
be immediately appointed.
A Washington correspondent says: “It is a
curious fact, however, that some of the very
Representatives who talk the loudest about
Civil Service reform, are the foremost among
those who claim and who use “patronage” to
secure their own re-elections, generally regard
less of the qualifications or the fitness of their
appointees to place, or of the length of service
of those “rotated” to make room for them.”
At the dinner given to Gov. Washburn Mon
day evening, invitations were not extended to
objections made by Gen. Butler who presided
on the-occasion.
Members of the new civil service committee
who have conferred with the commissioners as
to the recommendations in the forthcoming re
port of the system agreed upon, state that it is
admirabiy adapted to the institutions of the
country, and cannot fail to give satisfaction.
Frauds Coming to Light.—A New York
dispatch says there have hcen large frauds por
petrated under what is knuwu as the “gravel
contract,” and one or more gentleman holding
high positions are implicated. It is stated that
two irwlietnrWArifa liavn Iviwm :_t, _
Hon. Thomas C. Fields, and one or more
against other parties connected with the city
park management.
Judge Bedford on Monday granted the grand
jury till the 30th to complete their investiga
tions in progress of the frauds upon the citv
It has leaked out that James M. Sweeney lias
been indicted for felony, and that the proofs
against him are even stronger than against
Tweed. It is alleged that the grand jury had
copies before them of his bank account, and
the dates of his deposit of the ten per cent,
dividends in the Woodward frauds corresponds
with the dates of Woodward’s drafts.
It is stated that one of the police commis
sioners is numbered among those Indicted, and
that an effort is to be made to indict a gentle
man high in financial circles. Fifteen or twen
ty of the inspectors of the late election, it is
said, have been indicted, One notorious fellow
who voted (100 repeaters has had four or five
true bills found against him. A well known
police judge living on the east side of the town,
in the German district, has also been indicted
for his connection with ballot-box stuffing.
Destructive Fire in Unitv.—We loam
from our correspondent that a disastrous fire
occurred at Unity, Waldo county, Sunday
night, destroying four stores aud one dwell
ing house, viz.:
House, store and stable of Josiali Harmon.
Insured $3500.
Store occupied by J. J. W. Harmon almost
all saved in a damaged condition.
Store owned by C. E. Mitchell. No insur
ance. It was occupied by Thomas B. Cook,
whose goods were said to bo insured for $1000.
Total loss.
The Law Office of A. F. Watson, Esq., was
destroyed with all his books and papers. Store
occupied by J. H. T. Crol, and owned by
Jas. K. Tabor was destroyed; store insured
$500. Goods were removed in a partially dam
aged condition, but insured.
Another store owned and occupied by J. It.
Page was destroyed, total loss. Store insured
for $500 or $000. Goods were insured, but sav
jd in a very imperfect state.
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal understands that the
French Catholic Society in that city are taking
steps towards errecting a new church. Recent
ly five hundred assembled to look over a lot
that they have talked of purchasing for this
purpose.
The Journal says about eight millions of brick
have been laid in Lewiston and Auburn the past
season—about live millions in Lewiston and
three millions in Auburn.
AROOSTOOK COUNTY.
The Times says the the town of Houlton has
voted to exempt from taxation, capital not ex
ceeding $50,000 which shall be invested in man
ufacturing establishments, for a term of ten
years.
We learn from the Voice that Neal Shannon,
of Moluukus, lost his house and barn, and their
entire contents, including two good horses, and
two cows, by fire Dec. 8th. He barely escaped
the flames with his family, and had to run to
the neighbors, about oue-ualf mile, bare-footed.
The 1'ofce reports a big bear killed in Sher
man.
KNOX COUNTY.
The Camden Gazette says Dr. Isaac llartlett,
of Hope, a man over 00 years of age, and weigh
ing over 200 pounds, says he never tasted of a
bit of meat of any kind in his life! He lives
almost entirely on bread and milk.
'fhnobscot county.
The late Mayor Dale had an insurance of
$15,000 on his life.
The Morman Elder Tripp, has been lecturing
in Dexter.
Hay is selling in Bangor at $28 to $32 per
ton; eggs are selling at 30 to 32 cents; potatoes,
In small lots at 50 cents; turkies 12fc to 18 cents.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig says that John E. Simons,
of Pittsfield, who was arraigned on the charge
of forgery before Trial Justice McUrillis at
Newport, a month ago, and who failed to find
the $1500 bail required for his appearance at the
next term of the Supreme Judicial Court, at
tempted to a few days since to commit suicide
by taking laudanum, but was unsuccessful.
Our correspondent informs us that J. H. Gil
braitli, Eso., the famous horse breaker, died at
Kendall’s Mills on Sunday. Mr. G. was the
owner of the Gilbraith Knox stallion, and was
famed all over the State for raising superior
colts.
0 WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Our correspondent states that John French
a laborer living at what is called “Little Ken
nebec” in the town of Machias, fell dead last
Friday morning while walking across the floor
of his bouse. It is supposed to have resulted
from heart-disease.
YORK COUNTY.
On Wednesday of last week Eben Todd, of
Old Orchard, while at work in the woods, had
his leg broken and ankle sprained bv a log roll
mu ujjvu mm. Jir. w mis McHenney, of Saco,
whilo endeavoring to move a sled on Friday
last, slipped and broke his leg, as we learn from
the Independent.
About 700 men are at work on the B. M.
extension. The work is rapidly progressing.
IN GENERAL.
A few days since a horse and top buggy was
hired at a stable in Lewiston, by a man calling
himself Harry Bartlett, who stated that he
should return in about two hours. Saturday a
team of a similar description drove into Ports
mouth, N. H., the pretended owner asserting
that he came from Portland, and wished to sell
his horse.and carriage, as he had no further use
for them. He succeeded in disposing of the
latter, and after leaving the horse at one of the
livery stables in Portsmouth, with the remark
that he should return for him in an hour or
two, went directly to the depot and took the
half-past five train for Boston. The City Mar
shal was absent from Portsmouth at that time,
or the tlnef would doubtless have been secured.
There is no doubt that the team alluded to is
the same that was stolen at Lewiston.
The Gardiner Reporter says that Wm. H.
Bigelow, Es<p, of Clinton, who has resigned the
supervisorship of schools for Kennebec county,
has taken the position of route mail agent, be
tween Augusta and Portland, on conductor
Bodge’s Uain.
Two men are now in our State prison for
stealing baggage from the Bangor and Boston
line of steamers, and a third has been arrested
for attempting the same game.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PORTLAND ROCHESTER R. R.
NOTICE.
For the accommodation of those wishing to attend
the
Haydn-Tliomas Concert,
This Evening, an extra train will be run to Gorham,
after the close of the Concert.
W. H. TURNER, Sup’t.
Portland, Dec. 19,1871. dcl9-lt
ACADIA COAL
n powerful competitor
of—anti rapidly replacing the popular
“English Cannel,” at about one-third the
price of the latter—uneaualed as an OPEN
GRATE COAL, and also n FAVORITE
COOKING COAL with many. ’Ti» onr
impression that we hare the ouly ACA
DIA IN TOWN—nt any rate consumers
will be sure of getting the GENUINE AR
TICLE FROM
JOS. II. POOR BRO.
Dec 19. endtf
SPECIALTIES IN PERFUMERY.
Ourassuiimont of Extracts, Co
lognes and Toilet Water is the
largest in the State. Try our Lav
ender Water our Florida Water,
and onr different Colognes. Exam
ine our Cnt Crystal Bottles, Pun
gents, Toilet Sets, Puff Boxes, Dry
Perfumes, Pocket Books, dec.
Prices marked down for the Hoi
days.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
HINDS, UNDER THE PREBLE HOUSE.
Dec 19-sndlw
I KNEW HE WOULD COME!
OLD SANTA CLAUS
IS AGAIN
AT THE WINDOW OF H. G. QUINCY,
FANCY GOODS STORE, North Corner of old City
Hall, where we otter a splendid lot of presents for
Christmas and New Year. Fancy Goods and Jewelry
in great variety. Baskets, Bird Cages, Carriages,
Sleds, and Toys. (dcl9sn6t) H. G. QUINCY.
JANUARY.
GOLD COEPO NS,
BOUGHT BY
H. M. PAYSON,
32 Exchange St., Portland.
dcl8 sn tf
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Sc tland and Ireland!
DRAFTS ON HAND
Bendy for Immediate Delivery
IN SUMS TO SUIT.
WILLIAM E. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Agent for Henry Clews Co., N. Y.
juu27-tf sn
STERLING EXCHANGE
BILLS ON BARING BROS. A CO.,
UNION BANK of LONDON,
-AND THE
Provincial Sank of Ireland,
AND ALL ITS BRANCHES
For sale in snms to suit, by
J. II. BROWN 'SONS,
je!3 sntf 07 Exchange St.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tintsordisagreeable odor
The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
ts IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair dean; sof.t beautiful; doeB not
contain a particle of lead or any injurious compound
Sold by all 1 truggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET N Y
jyll SN D&W 1Y
DR. E. F. GARVIN’S
TAR REMEDIES,
—FOR—
COUGHS, COLDS AND LUNG DISEASES.
For sale at Wholesale, at
W. F. PHILLIPS CO., Drugginto,
dc8sn3w No. 46 Middle St., Portland, Me.
HOW TO LIVE.
There arc bnt few who seem, to know
How they on earth should seek to live;
With blessings though their cup o’erflow.
But little to the poor they give;
While those of large and generous heart,
Mindful of the unfortunate,
Will often something good impart,
To reconcile them to their fate;
Perhaps will give a Suit of “Clothes’*
To some poor Boy—“from head to feet,*9
Which they have bought at George Fenno’b,
Corner of Beach and Washington street.
Boston, Dec 14-__tc
Stock and Stand Eor Sale.
As 1 con emplate leaving the ci y will sell my
stock and place ot business it great d sc-.unt.
I shall sell at retail cheaper lhan ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber. Plank. Spam, Knees, Deck
ing, and Tr. emails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on Ia. TA1TLOK,
sept 10 snit 176 Commercial st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES!
If you want more pictures for your money, than you
ever received before, call at the
Portland Photograph Grallery,
No 60 MIDDLE STREET.
Look at some of the prices.
8 Large Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Former price §1 00
12 Card Ferrotypes 50 cents,
For me a price $1 00
72 Tin types 50 centes,
Former price $1 00
Picture* in Frame 75 cents.
Photographs $2 00 per doz.
jyFor children under five years of age, an addi
tional price will bo charged.
A. S. DAVIS A CO.
da6 SN '-’w
SANTA CLAUS
Should not fhil to call at 99 Kxchnugc Hi.,
J. It. LUCAS,
And purchase ono of those
BOV TOOL CRESTS,
NEW YORK LI U SKATES.
Tho only kind used by Club Skaters
Sleilft, Writing Drska, Revolver*, Tea
Bells, Gulin, Rifle*, Pocket Kuives
Arc., At.
Auy of which will mako a useful Christmas Present.
dc!4 sn rod
WE ARE RECEIVING EACH DAY
NEW AND DESIRAbLE WOODS
ADAPTED FOR THE
HOLIDAYS!
|3F"A11 are invited to examine the same!
DAVIS A CO.,
NO. 10 CLAPP’S BLOCK,
dcl2-sn2wCONGRESS STREET.
HOLIDAY .PRESENTS
If you nne looking for useful nr
ticlcs for Holiday Presents, you
will And the best assortment at AN
DERSON’S, 3 DEEIUNG BLOCK. All
kinds of Wool and Merino Hose,
for Ladies and Children. Balmo
ral and Tartan IIosc, Men’s Meri
no half Ilose and henvv ribbed all
wool IIosc; Kid Gloves in endless
variety and choice colors. Kid
Gloves and Mittens with fur tops,
lined Kid Gauntlets with Otter fur
tops. Buck Gauntlet Gloves, chil
dren's blue and scarlet clotliGloves,
long wrists. Also a great variety of
Linen Handkerchiefs, for Ladies’.
Gents’, Boys and Girls Linen Hand
kerchiefs in half dozen boxes at
tlic wholesale price. Embroidered
Linen Sets, elegant styles, Lace
Collars, real and imitation. Lace
embroidered and Hem stitched
Handkerchiefs. Under-Wear for
Ladies’ and Children, all sizes.
Skirts, Corsets and Faniers, Seam
less Felt Skirts for Misses and La
dies. Nubias, Cashmere Hoods for
Misses and Children. Bibs, Tidies,
ToiletCovers,Infants Knit Sacqucs
and Infant shirts. Rom;ui Scarfs
and Tics. Wallets, Fancy Boxes,
Fans, etc., all of which will 1h> of
fered at prices to suit the closest
buyers.
ANDERSON’S,
3 Deering Block.
deft_lW8 N
STATE OF MAINE.
OFFICE OF
INSURANCE COMMISSIONER,
Bang ob, Dec. 11,1871.
Tlic Republic Life Insurance Co., of Chicago was
admitted to do business in this State, in May last, and
i s license was renewed on July 1. The expensive
building which formed an important part of its assets
having since been burned, and other losses incured
in the Chicago Fire, it is hereby certified, after a very
thorough examination into its affairs by the Commis
sioner of Insurance in Massachusetts, according to
his certificate to me, that the Company’s standing and
credit are not thereby effected. Its present responsi
bility is fullv established.
ALBERT W. PAINE, Ins. Com’r.
dcl3 su eod lw
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
LADIES
Will save nearly 20 p>er cent, by making tlioir
HOLIDAY PURCHASES
-A.T OTJR STORE.
Wo have a large and choice stock of
LACE HANDKE ^CHIEFS,
LADIES’ AND GENTS’ INITIAL HDKFS.,
WORK BOXES,
GLOVE AND HDKF. BOXES,
JEWEL CASES,
writing; desks,
PERFUMERY, JEWELRY, &c.,
Together with a
LARGE ASSORTMENT OF
FANCY ARTICLES.
YELSOY CO.,
MORTON BLOCK,
OLD STAND FItiV SMITH.
Dee ll-ss2w
To the Citizens of Portland.
The following notice just received from tlie De
partment is respectfully commended to the consid
eration of the citizens with the suggestion that by
compliance with its suggestions, letters can be de
livered silently, and the too early interruption of re
pose avoided during the winter months.
C. \V. GODDAltD, Postmaster.
P. O., Portland, Dec. 16,1871.
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. C., Dec. 7,1871. S
Sir:—With a view to avoid the delays occasioned
by tbe tardiness of servants in answering the letters
by carriers, this Department fovors the adoption by
the public of private letter boxes or devices for the
reception of their letters.
You will therefore encourage pat rons of your ofilce,
by all proper means, to provide some safe and suit
able box or ©tber device at their residences, stores,
&c. Very respectfully,
JOHN A. J. CRESSWEL,
Postmaster General.
Postmaster, Portland, Maine. decl8
LEA PERRIYS’ SAUCE,
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
The Only (rood Sauce.”
It iin rovps appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEi PERRINS to
prosecute all parries making or vend*re counterfeits.
JOHN JDUNCAN’8 SONS,
&Ggl2sn6m Ageuts, New Yoik.
iYLXJ_j-Lairs ILJrt x CiUOLS
SELLING CHEAP AT
W. Li. SNELL'S, 337 Congress St.
In order to close out our
Fall and Winter Millinery Goods,
We have this day marked our prices down from 10
to 25 per cent. We are now selling clear quill
Ostrich Tip* front 42 cent* to 91 25.
O.trich Plume, from 75 ct* to 93 50.
Flower* marked down in proportion.
Velveteen* 05 cent* to 91 25.
Frame*, Etibbou*. Cares, Friugcs.
And in fact, our entire stock at correspondingly low
prices. Now is the time to buy your Winter Hat.
Hats and Bonnets trimmed in the most approved
styles, at short notice. dcl5 sn-lw
gtn 1 X X E R A I) CHEAPER
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS -AJSTB SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE!
BETTER—Because they arc more Pliable, more
Comfortable, and Water-;: r.;cf, and are warranted
not to Rip or Gaj>e.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shape much better, and the wetalic fastening insures
a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immense demand having called forth imita
tions, consumers should be sure that every boot or
shoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Sold by Dealers Everywhere.
no28sn7w
The Neatest, Cheapest and
Most Serviceable Present
FOE
CHRISTMAS.
The question is often asked, what is the neatest,
cneapest, and most serviceaole present, I can make
Christmas.
DURAN A JOHNSON,
Can answer the question, by saying, they have one of
the finest assortments of Ladies* ami Gentle
men** Satchel!* ever offered in Portland, at pric
es to suit all, from 91.00 to 915.00 Come early
and examine our stock, as the assor .ment is now
complete.
jy*Rem«nber the name.
DURAN JOHNSON,
No. 171 Riddle Street
dell sntf
SPECIAL NOTICES.
On Marriage.
■Innny Relief for Yeung Men from the effect*
i»f errors and abuses iu early lire. Manhood restored.
Impediments to marriage removed. New meth-Mi of
treatment. New ami remarkable remedies. Book*
and Circulars free, in sealed envelopes. Address
HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. South Ninth St.,
Philadelphia, Pa. aoylenddm
THE OSTENSIBLE KEASON
—OF THE—
AUTOCRAT OF ALL TI*K RUMNIAM
For sending his boy over tho sea Is to study Ameri
can Institutions; but Lho sly old Diplomats do say
that
THE REAL OBJECT
—OF—
ALEXIS, THE UBAND DUKE,
IS TO FIND OUT IF POSSIBLE
HOW IS THE WOULD
A. Q. LEA C H,
Can afford to peddle out hi*
DRY UOODS
AT HIM PRKMKIT LOW PRICKS,
So that If ever the ‘‘old man” should be
Unfortunate in the Czar Business,
Ho will know enough to manage a
KAf. STORK.
V
However thia may bo it is an old and well authen
ticated fact that
§1 MIDDLE STREET,
Is one of the Anoint Landmarks, well known to all
habitues ot Maine where Dry Goods arc sold cheap,
alike to Patrician and Plebian. deldsngw
PROCURE TICKETS
W. L>. LITTLE CO S,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY.
TRAVELERS FOR CALIFORNIA,
And the Went, Mouth nad Northwcnt, may ob
tain through Ticket., by the beet and moat
reliable route, from Portland, or Boaton, or New
York t.o nnv notnf tlasirful af. t.liA lowril rntra at
the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency, of
W. D. LITTLE A CO.,
Olllec 49 1-9 Exchange St,
Reliable information cheerfully furnishod at
all times. aug25sn tf
The Third Annual Dinner of the Bowdoin Alumni
in Portland will take placo early in January. All
graduates of Bowdoin who desire to join the Asso
ciation, are requested to notify the subscriber at
once that they may receive due notice of the dinner.
EDWARD M. RAND,
dcl8-3t Recording Secretary.
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS!
“A-CINTE CLTJB SKATES”
Are preferred by professional skaters!
Are the best in the World!
so far as known, Common Skates, Skate Strans etc.
Pocket Knives, Scissors, Razors, Tool
Chests lor Boys. &c., &c.
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange 8t.
dcl6eodsN
GRAHANI FLOUR!
OF A SUPERIOR QUALITY, FRESH FROM TIIE MILL.
Also the celebrated “POSTELS,”
And Other Choice Brands.
sn-oc»-d3m SHAW, HAMMOND CARNEY.
For Sale.
THE new (wo ptory French reef house, juat fin
ished, <>n Cushman s?t.; hou*e piped tor Sebago,
and ail the modern improvements. Ei.qntie on the
premises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY.
sep5dit su
MARRIED.
In Westport, Nov. 11, Rufus R. Wright, of W., and
Esther A. McFadden, of Georgetown.
In Bristol, Nov. 27, Sam’l F. Erskiue and Martha
V. Richards.
In Wiscassot, Dec. 3, Miles A. Blagdon. of Dresden,
and Lizzie Cromwell, of Westport. Also, John E.
Robinson, of Wiscasset, and Miss Clara Cromwell, of
Westport.
In Damariscotta, Nov. 3^, David S. McKenney, of
Bath, and Mrs. Ellen A. Alien, of Wiscasset.
PIED.
In Saccarappa, Dec. If, Mr. Geo. W. Goodridge,
aged 56 years.
In Brunswick, Dec. 7, Mr. Joseph Sylvester, aged
79 years 9 months.
In Freeport, Dec. 10, Abigail McFarland, aged 75
years 9 months.
In Harpswell, Dec. 8, Abbie Coffin, aged 17 years
2 months.
In Bath, Dec. 14, Mrs. Jane Doten, wife of Hon.
B. C. Bailey, aged 74 years 9 months.
In Waldoboro, Nov. 25, Mrs. Sally T., widow of the
late Dea.. R. C. Webb, aged 74 years 10 months.
miniature Alumnae.Ucceinbcr 19.
Sun rises.7.26 I Moon sets. AM
Sun sets.4.29 High water. 5.45 PM
MARINE NEWS.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Monday, Dec. 18.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Chase, Mulligan, Halifax, NS—passengers
ancl mdse to John Porteous.
Steamer New England, Field, Boston for Eastport
and St John, NB.
Wig 1> n aouie, roi Portland) Orr, Pictou, NS—520
tons coal to Jas L Farmer. Vessel to C P Ingraham.
Brig Merriwa, Waterhouse, New York—coal to L
Billings. Vessel to Geo S Hunt.
Brig Ben Nevis, (Br) Forest,, Boston.
Sch Mary G Collius. Endicott, Georgetown, with
loss ot foretopmast—coal to Portland Glass Works,
and James Williams.
Sch Teazor, Hamilton, Hoboken—coal to T C Her
sey.
Sell Ambassador, Warren, Boston.
Sch Abble, Cleaves, Salisbury.
Sch Young Sultan, Barter, Bath—salt to Dana Co
Sch Montana, Sawyer, Macliias for Newburyport.
Sch Adelai ie, Chase, Machias for Newburyport.
Sch Ida Ella, Smith, Pembroke for New York.
Sch Owen P Hinds, Clendennin, Calais for NYork.
Sch Mist, Newbury, Calais for Porthmouth.
Sch Alligator, McGregor, Calais for New Haven.
Sch Van Buren, Seavey, Calais for Boston.
Sch Sea Flower, Seavey, Rockland for Boston.
Sch Edward, Dodge, Ellsworth for Boston.
Schs C Matthews, Lunt, and Porto Rico, Went
worth, Bangor for Boston.
Schs C H Snofford, Thompson, and C Grant, Has
kell, Bangor fir Boston.
SchsHW Wellington, Thompson, and Waterloo,
Buck, Bangor for Bosotn.
Schs Mary E Pearson, Pendleton, and Dexaloo, Le
land, Bangor for Boatou.
Sell Almo Odlin, Stover, Bluehill for Boston.
Schs Castillian, Simonton, and Arkansas, Mcservy,
Rockland for Salem.
CLEARED.
Steamer Chesapeake, Johnson, New York—Henry
Fox.
Sch Falco, (Br) Walden, St John, NB—John Port
eous.
Sch John P Collins, Thurber, Boston—Chas Sawyer
Sch Tairy Not, Eastman, Boston—James Wil
liams.
[FROM OUR COBRESPONDENT.l
KENNEBUNKPORT, Dec 16—Sid, ship Hamilton,
(new, of Boston, 1262 35-100 tons) J M Small, for New
York, to load for San Francisco. [The Hamilton has
been sold to Messrs Thayer Lincoln, and Alonzo
Hamilton, of Boston, and Capt Small,— the builder,
N L Thompson, retainiug one-quarter.]
Capt Thompson has a crew at work making im
provements in his newly purchased yard, where he
has materials for two large'ships, one of which is part
ly framed out.
Dec 18—Cld, sch Hastings, (new, 84 37-100 tons)
Chase, of and for New Bedford. [She was built by
David Clark, for Capt Chase and others, and will be
employed as a packet between New Bedford and New
York.]
FROM MERCHANTS EXCHANGE.
Ar at Baltimore 18th, sch Onward, Bunker, Port
land, (was ashore at New Point 16tli.)
Ar at Havana 17th, brig J Polledo, Dyer, St Marys.
Ar at New York 18th, barque Clympmg, Portland;
brigs Wenonah, Bahrs, Havaua; Clara Louise, Wass,
Naguabo.
MEMORANDA.
See general news columns for loss of schr Julia, of
Joiiesjiort.
Sch More Light, which got ashore on Bantom Ledge
13th, has been towed into Bootlibay by U S steamer
McCulloch. See general news columns.
Barque May Stei son, Spates, from New York Nov
22 for Aspinwall, was abandoned 5th inst in lat 27 22
N, Ion 65 W, in a sinking condition, and the crew
brought to New York in ship Tantallon Castle, from
Calcutta. Capt Spates rei>orts having had moderate
nciuuci up me in Hun uicii iun& a g;ue iromaw
which soon after shifted to NV with hurricanes, and
sprung aleak, and sustaiucd other serious damage.
She registered 301 tons, was built in Maine and hailed
from New York.
Sch Oraloo, (of Macliias) Small, from Boston for
Machias, was blown off the coast during the late gales
an l put into Quaco, NB, last week, where she will
winter. She lost Jibs aud foresail, aud one man froze
both feet.
DOMESTIC PORTA.
GALVESTON—Ar 8th, sch Anna G Webber, Ould,
Tuxpan.
Cld 8th, barque Clara Eaton, Merriman, Liverpool.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 10th, ship C II Southard,
Woodward, Liverpool; barque Ellen Dyer, Lelaud,
Port Talbot.
Below 12th, ships North Star, Owen, from Bristol;
Harry Morse, Wyman, from Liverpool; Prussia, Pat
ten, from do; Lydia Skolfield, Meleher, from Cardiff.
Cld lltli, ship Kendrick Fish, Watts, Liverpool.
Ar at Sw Pass 10th, ship Ellen Southard, Mordb,
from Antwerp; 11th, barque Patmos, Nichols, from
Liverpool.*
Sid 10th, ships Tlicobold, Kate Prince, Crescent
City, 11th, Northampton.
MOBILE—Ar 16tli, ship Criterion, Sheldon, from
Valencia.
PENSACOLA—Ar 10th, brig Sullivan, Perry, from
Havana, to load for Aspinwau.
Cld 9th, sch Petrel, Curtis, Giilveston.
Cld 12th, sch Naonta, Smith, Matanzas.
CHARLESTON—Ar 13th, schs Old Chad, McClin
tock, Mayagucz; Irene E Meservey, Wall, Provi
dence.
Cld 14th, barque Devonshire, Havener, Liver]>ool.
RICHMOND—Sid 14th iust, sch Roswell, Copp, for
Galveston.
BALTIMORE—Cld lotli, barque Am Lloyds, Park.
Bristol, E; Conquest. Small, Marseilles; schs May
Morn, Babb, New York; A P Frye, Alexander, Bel
fast, Me.
PHILADELPHIA-Ar 16th, barque Henry Knight
Gilkey, Ardrossan.
Cld loth, brig Geo E Dale, Smith, Cardenas; sch
Sophia Wils*n, Wall, do.
NEW YORK—Ar 16th. barques C O Whittemorc,
Humphrey, Newport 56 days; Voyager, Vanvell, fin
Zante75uays; Frank Marion, Duncan, Boston 10
lays: sells Keokuk, Gates, Aquin 27 days; Maggie P
Smith, Grace, Newbem; Margie, McFadden. Phila
delphia for Portland: J W Woodruff, Haskell, Ban
gor 20 days; Addle liyerson. Pike, Boston; Maggie
Bell, Hall, fm Rockland; Abbie Emery. Emery, uo;
Ida Annie, Cook, Tliomaston; Pavilion, Clark,
Frankfort; M L Newton, Murphy, Fall River; ltobt
Byron, Sawyer, Frankfort; Sullivan. (US) Brown,
Portland for Norfolk*
Cld 16tli, shin Alice Ball, Guest, Sydney: barque
Ironsides, Tapley, Gibraltar; brig John Wesley, Ford
lo; MarySobb, Tracey, Providence; sch Garland,
Lindsey, Brantford, Ct.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 16th, sch Addio L Cutler,
§mith, Hoboken.
VINEYARD-HAVEN—Ar 10th, schs J B Knowles
Merritt, Weehawken for Boston; Mary E Staples, i
Dinsmore, Philadelphia lor Salem.
Ar 16th, schs Citizeu, Upton,Newport for Portland;
Challenge, Bickmore, Hoboken for Boston; Mary A
darmon, Hutchins, Lubec for Philadelphia.
NEW BEDFORD—Sid 16th, sell Kate Robinson,
Pendleton. New York.
BOSTON—Ar 16th, schs ^Caspian, ThompBOU, Ma
nias; W H Prentice, Flagg, Damariscotta; Samuol
vuight, Tracy, Lamoine, Me; Hattie Anna, Rich,
md Wm Pickeriug, Gray, Bangor; J P Merriam,
31ark; Adaliue. Darby, aud Jasper, Collawore, do;
Vfalanta, Elwell, and Lake, Miller, Rockland; G W
Baldwin, Morton, do; Sarah, Curtis, and Revenue, j
Morse, Bath.
Cld 16th, brig Kremlin, Wyman, Richmond, Va, to
oad for Rio Janeiro; sch Advance, Waldron, Wln
erport,
Ar brigs M A Hetrera, Palermo- An
na I) Torrey. Ourtta, PhibwU'l|,uiu; Ham,3m
kins, Port Johnaou; sobs ('roseent WWVL
Elizabethport; Mary Brewer, 8auml<»r» New York*
A J Whiting, Carter, Mt Desert; William, Brigham’,
Bath.
Ar 18th, steamer Clotilda, Isaac, Portland, in tow
of steamer Chas Pearson; sells Ella Frances, Bulger,
Port Johnson: F Arthemius, Mitchell, Elizabethport;
J Clark, Dix, Bangor, with losa of jihboom by col
lision.
SALEM—Ar 17th, schs David W asson, Jones, Ho
boken; J V Wellington, Parker. Camden XJ.
Ar 16th, sells Belle, Poole, Damariscotta; WmH
Archer, Melvin, Boston for Ellsworth.
GLOUCESTER—Ar 16th. sells Majestic, Wyman,
Bangor; Astoria, Sadler, Ellsworth.
iPOKfCICS!* PORTS.
Sid ftu Singapore 14th lust, ship Radiaut, Chase, for
Boston.
Ar at Liverpool 13th Inst, ship E S Thayer,Thomp
son, New Orleans; 16th, Fawn, Luce, New York.
Sid fin Mayague* 28th ult, sch E K Dresser, Reed,
Charleston*
Ski fm doremie 28th ult, sch C A Farnsworth, Ben
son, Now York.
Ar at Cardenas 5th inst, sch Ralph Carlton, Patten,
St John, NB; 7th. brig Gambia, Gilkey, Wilmington;
8th, barque J E Holbrook, Leuvitt, Liverpool; brig
Hattie B, Daggett, New York.
Ar at Havana Htli, barque C S Rogers, Dickerson,
New York; sch Anna, Whitmore, Mobile.
Sid 7th, brig Clara .1 Adams, McFadden, NYork;
seh Elizabeth DeHart, Lowe, North of Hatteras.
In port 9th. barques G W Rosevell, Herriman, for
New York, ldg; LT Stocker, Bibber,*wtg.
Ar at Matnnzos 7th inst, brig Raven, Spencer, New
York; J H Lane, Fnuikliu, Portland.
Sid fin Nassau NP. 7tli inst, sch Skylark, Lorlng,
(from Pictou) for Galveston, having repaired.
SPOKEN.
Oct 11, no lat, Ac, barque Sierra Nevada, from Sun
Francisco for Iquique.
Nov 19, lat 22 40 N, Ion 41 17, barque Caro, from
Sarilla River for Montevideo.
Dee 13, lat 39 30, ion 70 20, barque C O Wbi jmore,
from Newport for New York.
Dec 13, lat 30 50, Ion 68, brig Carrie Bertha, from
Leith f»r Boston.
No date, off Cape Horn, ship St James, from New
York for San Fraudsco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
X-M-A-S
PRESENTS.
Initial Handkerchiefs in Boxes, a Novelty.
Initial Handkerchiefs, 25 cents.
Full line Ladies' Hemstitched Handkerchiefs.
44 Children's 44 44
Gents' j Linen Handkerchiefs, J dozen in a box, 65c.
44 44 44 75c.
I 44 44 44 $1.00
AND UPWARDS.
An Extra Article $3.00.
50 DOZEN
Ladies’ Linen llandkfs, $2.00 per Doz.,
WORTH $3.00.
A flue assortment of
Ladies’ Embroidered Linen Sets,
Lace Sets, mourning Sets, Neck
Ties, Needle Cases, (Nobby
Styles) Thread Cases, Ac.
Job Lot Silk and Wool Poplins,
ROLLED 9 0 c.
Best quality Roubabe Silk Poplins, $1.25
Lyons Silk Poplins, best im]>orteU, 1.50
BLACK ALPACAS,
30c, 6O0, 55o, 62o, to ©7 l-2o.
BRILLIANTINES,
SOo, 75c, 8O0, 87 1-So, to $1.25.
TYCOON REPS 23c.
Best quality all Wool Poplin Plaids, 75c.
Thibets, one yard wide. 85c.
Job Lot bright Plaids for 25c.
All Wool Serge Suitings, 37Jc.
Silk Plushes, all colors, $3.45.
Velveteens, all colors, $1.00.
Seven yards Sliirtlng Flannel, $1.00.
3-* Serges, Job Lot, 30c.
Kibbed Wool Hose, tivei>alrs for $1.00.
A Lot Bleached Table*Daniask, 85c, worth $1.10.
A Lot all Linen Doylies, 65c.
All Linen Bleached Huck Towels, 24x40, 35c.
Another Lot 24x36, 33c.
BEST QUALITY
FELT SKIRTS;
Lowest Yet —$3.30.
A FINE ASSORTMENT OF
Cashmere Shawls,
AT LOW PUCES.
WOOL SHAWLS AT COST,
AM AT
Lovell <v Valpey s,
CORNER
CONGRESS BROWN STREETS
NUBIAS
A LARGE VARIETY CHEAP.
N. B.—Everybody ought to have a pair of 10-4
White Blankets at S3.00. declSinlw
HOLIDAY GOODS?
A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF
Clocks, Jewelry,
Fancy Goods, Toys, &c.,
—FOR 8 ALE—
VERY C H E Y D
—AT—
835 Congress St., (Between Casco Oak.)
—BY—
A. G-. CORLISS, Agent.
t^yPlease call ami examine. dcl9-lw
Santa Clans Headquarters
AT
GEO. HUDSON'S,
337 Congress Street,
Where may be found
A Large Variety of Toys,
Dolls and Sleds
ALSO THE
BEST OF NEW CONFCTIONERY.
Dec 19-dlw*
STOP!
LET US SEE IF YOU HAVE ONE OF
Broad’s Patent Shawl Straps.
The only Shawl Strap made with metallic top.
Silver plated, with cross and end straps. Acknowl
edged by all who have seen them to be the neatest
shawl strap ever invented. Just the thing for holi
day presents. We also manufacture Shawl Straps of
all kinds;
Sole Manufacturers of Broad’s Patents, 27* Market
Street, Opposite P. O.
G. B. BROAD CO,
declO-dtf
NOTICE is hereby given, that the subscriber hes
been duly appointed and taken upon himself the
trust of Administrator of the estate of
DAVID T. CHASE, late of Portland,
in the County of Cumberland, deceased, and given
—Luc muuuvis. ah persons navmg de
mandsi upon the estate of said decease* 1, are required
to exhibit the same; and all persons indebted wo said
estate are called upon to make payment, to
m DANIEL CHASE, Adm’r.
Portland, Dec 5th, 1871. dc ly 26 ja 2
BEST QUALITY
New Buck-Wheat,
NEW OATMEAL,
For sale by
CHASE BROTHERS,
deel9eodlw 120 Commercial Hr,
Lost,
MONDAY FORENOON, on Congress street, near
line, a Lady’s Kid Fur Back Mitten. The
finder is requested to leave it at
CHAD BOURN KENDALL’S,
decl9-d3t* 62 61 Middle street.
Wanted.
BY a FIRST CLASS BOOK KEEPER, a situation
from tlie first of January.
Address A B. C., Press Office.
deel9-d2w*
“THE OLD CEOCK.”
There is in Thomas Block, Commercial street, an
old clock. For time it is of no earthly use; and in
fact, hardly think there is a wheel within its bowels
But for all that It Is of Borne use. It serves as an ex
cellent land mark for those in search of a cheap and
reliable place to bay good flour. Opposito this sams
old clock is where the celebrated GOLD DUST is for
sale, wholesale and retail, 85 Commercial Street,
dcclfisseodlw w. H. HALL.
Oranges, Oranges.
25 Cents Per Dozen
HAVANA ORANGE^
Only 25 Cents Per Dozen'
AT B. W. JONES'
lcl3dlw Is _55 Commercial g|.
TO _EET
Store Vo 142 144 otr imrctal *t
.XORNKE ol Wirlger ’s Wbnr>, pariwulsil
Kj alapt.dt theKi. r urd Cam busings |,r
apieir. hn.lug a Iron age o> 30 feet, a ,,l d, D
eet ,c,e-»H.le ny wsieror rail, fiieu up with even
nodern convenience. F
il»°U H- N-J°3E-m F»'«
N J: V A1 )VEKTI s E EN TS
DRY GOODS!
I. CORFVA CO.
hue received
A FINE ASSORTMENT
-OF—
Desirable Goods!
WOOLEKS,
BEAVKK AND CASTOR CLOTHS,
TR l COTS, BROA DC LOT IIS,
CASSIMERES,
FANCY DOESKINS,
BLUE CHINCHILLAS,
LADIES’
CLOAKINGS.
Blue and Scarlet Pelisse Cloth,
LADIES’ CLOAKING',
GERMAN BEAVER CLOTH,
BLACK ASTRAKHAN,
SUPER. GENOA VELVETS,
Heavy Plush Cloakings!
Fancy Cloakings in All Colors,
DRESS GOODS!
BLACK SILKS,
FRENCH Till BETS,'
SATINETS,
DIAGONALS,
CRETONNES,
EPINGLINE,
EMPRESS CLOTHS,
VELOUR REPP,
BRUSSELS SILKS,
LYONS SILK.
POPLINS IN ALL SHADES.
SCOTCH AND GALA PLAID,
BLACK CASHMERES,*
THIBET'S,
CRAPES,
ALEPINE.
BRILLIANTIN E,
CRETONNE,
DRAP DE EVE,
ALPACAS,
SHAWLS.
Cashmere Paisley Shawls,
IN LON6 AND SQUARE,
IN STRIPES
AND OPEN CLOSE CENTRES,
At Great Bargains!
Plaid A mixed Long Woolen Sliuuli,
Striped and Basket Shawl*,
Gent*9 Shawl*,
BLANKETS.
Superior Extra California Uiaukcu,
200 PAIRS, at LOW PRICE.
White and Grey Blankets very Cheap.
FLANNELS
6-4 Sackings And Shirtings
Ilannels in Stripes and Checks,
j WHITE SHAKER
—AND—
BLANKET FLANNELS,
Twilled Flannels in All Colors!
OPERA PLAHNELS,
Linen Damasks.
Xapklns Towels,
TURKEY RED DAMASKS,
DOMESTIC GOODS
OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
FOR SALE CHEAP BY
J. R. COREY CO.,
middle; street.
dclt 3w is d&w w3l
HOUDAYGOODS!
We have jnst received from New York
A SPLENDID STOCK of GOODS
Suitable for holiday Presents, or good for any time
We call special attention to our stock of
GLOVES&MITTE^S
FOR
Gents and Ladies,
In the best of
Calf Skin, lined with Milk, Wool and
ihuuiou!
ELEGANT SCARFS,
In the latest styles.
French Silk Mrislcrs and French
Wool Wristers, Suspenders,
Embroidered Shirt
Fronts!
AND A PULL STOCK OF
First-C.ass Furnishing Goods!
('has. C'ustis Co.,
293 CONGRESS ST.
dcH if new
Baltimore:
YELLOW CORN
NOW LANDING
AND FOB SALE BY
GEORGE W. TRUE,
U# CO.H71ERCIAL 8T,
dcl8-lw PORTLAND, ME.
Toilet Slippers.
GENTS’ TOILET SLIPPERS SOLED with neat
lew and dispatch at
SOWELL'S SHOE STORE,
dePeod a tf Under Falmouth Hotel.
FREEDOM NOTICE.
THIS is to certify thaf I do this day give to my sen
Frank B. Richards Lis time to trade and act
for himself. I shall claim none of liis wages, and
shall pay nune of his debts after his date.
THOMAS T. RICHARDS.
Portland December 18th, 1871.
dec 19-dlw
HAVING
A Full Line of
GOODS,
Suited to the wants of the
HOLIDAY TRADE
Would rcsjiectfully invite the public to call and ex
amine my stock before making their purchases.
HALL L. DAVIS,
BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER,
53 EACHANCE »t.
dcl9 tjanl
Maine Savings Bank,
No. 100 IIIDDLE MTREET.
T)®?0SI.TS miM*® this Bank, on or belbre Jan
Kii.i S"*,3* draw interest from the first dajr of
said month. MATH’L, F. DEEMING,
!>ee. 17 1871. Treasurer.
dcl9 dtjant w51
Western City ami County Bond*
FOR SALE at prices which yield lO to 1J per
cent, interest. A very desirable security for in
vestment.
CHARLES M. HAWKES,
dclltf is 28 Exchange St.
Eost!
OLD Bracelet, Sabbath morning, Dec. 17th, be.
W tween Neal and Cas< o Streets. The finder will
gieatlv oblige bv leaving the same at Ibis office*
dc!9 2t