SPAIN.
parliamentary Defeat of the Cabinet and In
ft tngvratioo of a Ministerial Crisis.
,,7", 1
?caor Zorflla's Motion Sustained?Prorogation of
the Cortee?The King in Coonoil.
TEUfiMMS TO THEjNEW TOM HERALD.
Madrid, Nor. 19, 18T1.
The legislative taotlcs or the radical members of
the Cortes la opposition to the measures of the
King's gorernment hare resulted tn the defeat of
the Ministry upon a test question, and a Cabinet
crisis has occurred.
f Tne debates during Friday's sitting of the Cortes
were Intensely exciting, and tne session did not
break up until seren o'clock yesterday morning:
I During the discussion noon the proposition to
Densore the government, brought forward by tbe
adherents of bettor Zorllla, a counter motion was
submitted by Bettor Oenoa, providing for the grant
ing of entire liberty to religious societies through
out Spain, and (he suppression of the decrees of tbe
prorttoaal government, of whloh Bettor Zoriiia was
a member, relative thereto.
I Fending this a motion was made to declare the
kitting or the Cortes permanent, and a spirited dis
mission followed.
The government eventually domanded its rejec
tion as a Cabinet question, but their opponents had
the majority, for, upon a division of the Bouse, the
motion was found to be adopted by a vote of 1T9
tollk.
Admiral Maleampo, President or the Council of
State and boad of the Ministry, at ouoe mounted
?the tribune and read a royal decree proroguing the
pitting of the Cortes sine die.
1 THH KING IN COUNCIL.
Bis Majesty King Amadeus summoned to his
presence on Saturday the Presidents of the two
houses of Cortes for oonsnltatlon as to "the grave
aspect of political affairs.
Resignation, with Hope of Reorganization.
I Madrid, Nov. 19, 1871.
Subsequent to the conference between the King
and tne Presidents or the two Houses of the Cortes
yesterday it became known that the Maleampo
Ministry had resigned In a body, but the beller is
expressed in nigh quarters that, with some modifi
cations in the organization of the Cabinet, the ad
visers of the present Crown will resume and con
tinue in office.
ROME.
The Pope's Feeling Towards Italy and Inten
tions for the Future.
HIXCMH TO THE HEW TOM HERALD.
Paris, Nov. 19,1871.
The OonHitutiormel newspaper publishes an ara
ble on the subject of the state of relations which
exist between the Holy See and the government of
tbe King of Italy.
The writer says that Duo d'Barcourt, French
Ambassador to the Papal Court, has sent a tele
gram to Count de Bdmnset, Minister of Foreign
'Affairs, stating that the Pope has expressed his
lntentton of leaving Rome when a bill Is presented
In the Italian Parliament convening that body in
eaaslon in tne Holy city.
FRANCE.
Radicals on Belief Movement for the Children
of the Communists.
TELEGRAM TO THE MEW 70RX HERALD.
Paris, Not. 10, mi.
MM. Gambetta, Loots Blanc and Victor Hugo
have Issued. a card soliciting subscriptions for tne
relief of the lamllles of the Oommnnlst prisoners.
ENGLAND.
General Sherman's Visit?Its Momant of Advent
and Object.
TELE6RAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
London, Not. 19,1871.
General William T. Sherman, of too United states
Army> who is a passenger on the American irtgate
Wabash, now en route from New Tom ror Europe,
Is expected to arrive In England in the month of
May, provided the intention of visiting the Mediter
ranean and traTelllng eastward first is adhered to.
I The London observer tn its issue this morning
contradicts a report that "the General sent to
Europe on a special mission," and says his trip Is
merely one of pleasure."
KOSSUTH AND THK INTERNATIONAL.
M. Louis Kossuth, the Hungariau patriot, has
been electod member of the London branch of the
2n ternatlonal Society
Personal Intelligence.
Colonel S. M. Goddard, of Canada, is at tho New
Torn Hotel.
I General W. H. H. Terrell, or Washington, Is quar
tered at trio st. James Hotel.
Commodore P. C. Johnson, of the United Stales
.jlavy, la stopping at the Westmoreland Hoteu
J. G. Bcales, of tho Boston Jost, yesterday arrived
at the Everett House.
Major Ben Perley Poore. or Newbnryport, Mass.,
yesterday arrived from Washington at the Fifth Ave
nue Hotel.
Rev. George W. Weldon, of Lon Ion, Is sojourning
ht the Brevoort House.
Captain Moodio, of the stoam>lilp Cuba, U at the
B8JV JC?r!? HomjK
t A. Sorle, ox-Secretary of the Navy, yesterday
arrived at tue Fifth Avenue Hotel.
"ulted states Senator A. H. Cragln, of New
l&mpehii^ ts In town, stopping at the West more
^land Hotel. ?ald tt was stated
in yesterday's issue of "???w-..
j, >,v h? j been compelled,
th?. ueueral Jndson KilpMu..., <.?mring.
by an affection or ins throat, to give up i*?..
This announcement was inoorrect, as the General
has recovered his voice and will resume the de
.livery or his lectures this week.
EMBEZZLEMENT IN CINCINNATI.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 10, 1871.
The chief salesman of Howell, Gauo a Co., promt
?nent hardware dealers here, has been discovered
practwnigi a systemi of embezzlement upon the
linn whicti has extended turnuah a number of
years and aggregates about thirteen thousand dol
lars. Tho course pursued was to ship goods to an
Innocent customer In Chicago, who was made
to believe that by getting them through the salesman
he was procuring tbem cheaper. Oootis thus Bhtpped
were never entered on the hooks of the firm. The
offender when confronted by his licensors confessed,
and made arrangements by which the larger part
of the amount will be returned to the firm, hi*
inends agreeing to make up the deficit.
Iaotioi fob libel agaihsTa st. loots
YAFfifl.
St. LOUia, Nov. 19, 1871.
Boom days ago the Tims* of this elty published
an article slating that the wife oi a prominent ho
?MDopatlilc physician had been tatse to her husband
Md left turn with a young man from the Bast.
i Dr. Hartman, a well-known physician and some
what prominent politician o( this city, states that
he and his wile are the parties referred to in the
article, au<i yesterday a suit was entered in their
names ngainst tne Timet, claiming 060,000 damages,
for slander.
l>r. Hartman also entered suit tn Ms own name
against the samo paper for $20,000 damages tor
alleged slander contained In another publication
referring to Uartmnn's connection with Emtio
bustsky, late defaulting Treasurer ol this city.
HEAVY BPAQLABY IN PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Pa., Nov. 19,1871.
The jewelry store of T. a s. Franks, at No. 4 North
Blxtn street, was roDbed by burglars last night of
$20,000 worth of walobes, go. One burglar con
cealed hiuisolf m the upper part of the building In
Jheuighi ooafoder*W8 during
IMPORTANT NEWS FROM MEXICO.
The Revolutionary Movement Jn
Formidable Progress.
r?
Porfirio Dial in Command of a Powerful Army?
State Prcmunciamentod Almost General?
The Army Dl?afTfected?President Jua
rez's Authority Paralyzed?American
Claims and Customs Trans er.
TIIEGIA* TB THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Crrv or Mkxico, Nov. 11,
?la Havana, Nov. 10, 1871.j
Formidable revolutions are taking place through
oat the country, and a change la the existing gov
ernment is expeoied before New 1 ear's Day.
The country never was in such an unsettled con
dition.
The State of Oaxaoa has pronounced m favor of
the revolutionists, and General Porfirio Diaz Is at
the head of a formidable army.
The States of Aguascalientes, Durango, Zacatecas
and Coahuila have also pronounced and are moving
in the revolutionary cause.
Similar pronunclamentos have been issued in all
the States.
Governors are resigning, and general alarm pre
vails everywhere.
Disaffection exists in the army, and generals and
colonels, with their commands, are Joining the revo*
lntlonista The other officers are disaffected, and
the government ts uaralyzed.
The treasury Is bankrupt sod tbe people are going
over to the revolutionists.
The newspaper, Two Republics, which has
hitherto been confident that Juarez could sustain
himself, and, while yet supporting him, confesses
that a revolution Is inevitable.
Everybody Is denouncing Santa Celia, a native
Cuban, a son-in-law of Juarez, in the strongest
terms. Delfin Sanchez, another son-in-law, has
been imprisoned in the Capitol and placed in soli
tary confinement. The President, nevertheless, Is
at work trying to release him, it Is said, In direct
violation of the law.
General Alatorre ts marching against the Insur
gents m the State of Oaxaca. It is reported Gene
ral Negreto Is raising men in Puebla lor the par
pose of organizing a revolutionary army.
General fcscobedo wishes to resign the Governor
ship of Sau Luis.
AMERICAN NAVAL CLAIM.
The testimony In the case of the American bark
Brothers, which was seized by the Mexican au
thorities near Tabasco, is so uncertain and conflict
ing that Mr. Nelson, the Cnited States Minister,
has determined to seDd his Secretary or Legation to
Tabasco to make a thorough and accurate Investi
gation Into the facts.
CUSTOM nOC8E TRANSFER.
The Collma Custom Douse uas been transferred
to Manzanillo.
CUBA.
She Sleek of Tobacco.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW T0.V( HEMll
Havana, Nov. 19, 1871.
The tobacco growers in Cuba have disposed of all
their unmanufactured tobacco.
MOB LAW REBUKED.
A Prisoner in an Indiana Jail
Vanquishes a Mob.
He Seizes a Revolver from the Leader and Scat
ters Distraction Amen; the Lynchers
iNBiANoroMS, Tn<L, Not. 10, 1871.
A mob last night, at Grootville. Ina., forced tbe
jail, and attempted to take oat McDonald Cheek,
confined for the murder or his father-in-law at Law
rencebarg, ind., a rear ago, with the sapposed In
tention of lynch Ins him.
Cheek knocked down the first man that oame Into
his cell, and, talcing a revolver from him, defended
himself bravely. Many of the mob were hart.
The Jailor In the meantime escaped and rang tbe
fire alarm, which brought a number of citizens to
his aid, whereupon the mob scattered, but many
were recognized, notwithstanding their dtsgnise.
Cheek was tried and sentenced to be banged.
Last October tbe Supreme court granted a new
trial, and it is feared that his sentence will be light,
hence the aotton of the mob.
THE WEATHER.
War Department,
Office of thm Okie? Spinal Officer,
Washington, D. C., Nov. 2)?l A. M.
Sl/nopsis for the Past Twcn'y-four Hours.
The highest pressure has continued since Satur
day night oti tho middle and east Adantlo coast, but
has fallen somewhat, with Increasing cloudiness.
The aroa of lowest pressure lias passed north
eastward on Lake Snpcrior, with brisk southwest
winds on Lake Michigan, where clouds and llgnt
winds prevailed. Westerly winds and clear weather
have continued In Texas and Louisiana, extending
eastward to Georgia.
Reports have not been received from the North
west, Rocky Mountains and the California sta
tions.
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably fall silghtly on Mon
day in the Middle and Eastern States, with
southeasterly winds, veering to southwest,
with threatening weather and possibly rain.
Rising barometer, with clearing weather
from Iowa and Missouri to Ohio, with fresh westerly
winds. Southwesterly winds prevail from Lake
Ontario to Lake Michigan, with cloudy weather.
Clear weather and rising temperature in the South
ern and Gulf statos.
Warning Signals Orders#.
Cautionary s'i aais Continue at Chicago, Mil wan,
keS &hfar&a ii.f" kJV~'-a
pjp Mi klllS UlUlUlligi
WddHcp In TM, rirv Yesterday.
The following record wui Si&w the etiahgea
the temperature for the past twenty-four hours Id
comparison with the corresponding day of last year,
as indicated by the thermometer at IIudnut's
Pharmacy, Herald building, corner of Ann street:?
1870. 1871. 1470. 1871.
a A. M 3ft 40 3 P. M 35 47
8 A. M 84 3> flP. M 35 43
9 A. M 34 42 9 P. M 34 44
12 M 38 47 12 M 38 47
Average temperature yesterday 44.^
Average temperature for corresponding date
last year 85

LAYING A CORNER 8T0NE IH NEW ORLEANS.
Nkw Orleans, Nov. 19, 1871.
The corner stone of the Temple of Sinai, at the
corner of Triton walk and carondelet street, was
laid to-day with imposing ceremonies, including
elegant music by orchestra and choir; prayer by
Rev. H. 8. /acobe; introductory address bv M. Prank,
President ot the Tempi?. ?ev. J. R. Outhlem. of tne
Temple Emmanuel, of New York, delivered an elo
quent and impressive oration, eliciting frequent
applause. There was also au address by Rev. J. l.
UanbU The corner atone was laid by the brand
Master of Maaona, M. Todd, aasiated by the Grand
Lodge and brethren, with the usual ceremonies.
ceremonies attending the laying of the corner
stone of St. Stephen's church, on Napoleon avenue.
Sixth district, took nlace to-day. An address was
delivered Dy Rev. Bishop Qutnlan. Rev. Arcabtshon
Perche took part In the cetemoweA
BRUTAL ATTACK ON POLICE OFFICERS.
Worcester, Mass., Nov. lg, 1871.
Two police officers, who were called to atop i
row in a house on Spring street thta evening, wen
attacked In a savage manner by a drunken man
named James Desmond, and ono of them, Joseph M
Dyson, was terribly, and perhaps fatally, hearei
on the head by Desmond. The latter wn
taken after a bloody resistance and locked tn a cell
Dyson lias been one of the most cmolent men on tfl
force. He was mounting a steep, narrow flight o
stairs in search of Desmond, when the latter, wn
stood at the head of tho stairs, struck him a fearfu
Wow with a heavy niece ot board.
WASHINGTON.
Jhe Cltiims of Southern
Loyalists.
How the Indiaii Peace Polioy
Operates.
Pathetio Statement of an Indian
Brave.
American Claims for Outrages
in Cuba.
THE CASE OF SPEAKMAN.
Washington, Nor. 10, 1871.
The Southern Claim. Commission.
Ihe Commissioners of southern War claims hare
suspended tor a month all business except the pre
paration of their required report to Congress at the
commencement or the session, and expect to sub
mit, in addition to a general report of their proceed
ings and auoh recommendations as seem pertinent,
separate reports in at least five hundred cases, and
possibly a hundred or two orer that number.
They are reticent as to their conclusion in
Indlriduai cases, and equally reserved as to
their general policy on the knotty points of
their Jnrisdictlon, bat there is a general understand
ing among those Immediately concerned as princi
pals or agents that considerable slaughtering work
has been done, and that such recommendations as
are made will be or a fireproof character. This Im
pression acts in contrary directions npon different
classes of claimants, those of a sbaxy kind assuming
a don't care and didn't expect sort of attitude,
while others, who thought they were entitled to
scmetblng, but leared to be swamped with tho
rest, begin to think there is something for
them in the Treasury alter all, and are taking heart
accordingly. One fact will operate strongly with
Congress In favor of the recommendations of the
Commissioners. Ponr-fifths of the claims are not
only of very small amounts, bat represent nearly
everything that the ravages of war have left to the
claimants. The Commissioners, appreciating the
difficulties of their position, have deported mate
rially Irom tormcr traditions and customs observed
In the investigation of government claims, and have
not only used the press to let daylight Into all their
proceedings, but placarded the Southern Post
offices and other federal institutions in Dixie with
printed lists o! the claimants, accompanied by re
quests for authentic Information concerning the
claims and their owners. This coarse has given
offence In some quarters and brought discourage
ment In some others; but Ibe Commissioners express
themselves satisfied with the general results and
Intend to contlnuo the practice on an improved
basis. They have been greatly embarrassed by the
hurried manner in which tho legislation
wtfch established their functions and de
fined their jurisdiction was put through,
tacked on to an appropriation bill, at
the very tail end of a short sosslon. They aro
almost destitute of the facilities possessed by other
government offices for conducting their business,
and this has been a hardship to meritorious claim
ants as well as to themselves, it is now expected
by tnem, however, that Congress will so
far recognize the advantage of getting
the docket cleared of e.verytbing that can
form an excuse for a demand upon the
Treasury arising oat of the war in
the South, as to give them the means of laying all
auch claims forever at rest by fiual action upon
each one presented within a specified time. They
have yet to consider over ten tnousaud remaining
claims, with more coming in dally, and now tnat
the thing has been started It will, as a matter of
certainty, have to run Its course, independent ol
its value as a party machine in the coming politi
cal campaign.
Tlio Cnban Outrages on Amerlenni.
The American and Spanish Commission will meet
again on the 1st or December. Several claims have
been filed, among them (hat of the widow of
Charles Speakman, who waa shot at Bantlago do
Cuba on the 17th of Jane, 1869. Speakman left
New York on the American schooner Grape*
shot as a sailor, bound lor Falmontb, Ja
maica. After dropping anchor in the Lower
Bar, daring the night a steam tug came
alongside and put on board or the schooner fllty
armed men. Suspecting the object or the voyage
to be an expedition to Cuba he protested and re
quested of the captain to be seut ashore. Ttte
captain assured htm he should not touch on the
coast of Cuba, but land the men at Jamaica, and
that the vessel would proceed for a cargo of cocoa*
nuts. When off Cape Maysl, at the eastern end
of Cuba, the captain keeping on his course,
the armed meu took possession of the
vessel, changed her oourse and landed
their men and cargo at Batllqulrl. Being compelled
to remain, lie sauntered about the beach. The men
were soon attacked by Spanish troops, and after a
short encounter retroated to the interior. Finding
himself alone, Speakman sought a place of safety,
for the purpose ol surrendering himself to the au
tfforltles, and being without arms for per
sonal dcrence, and, finding a ride on
tlio road, left by some latlen Cuban, took possession
of it, and upon meeting two unarmed men gave
himself up, nnil In no cose used the arms against
the government, having never fired a single snot,
lie prayed for a respite to prove his innocence but
was not granted the opportunity to do so. Tito
claim presented Is lor $30*0)1).
Tlio I'eucc Policy Among the Indian*.
There is no doubt, judging trom the nu tter /its let
ters recently received hero, that Congressmen irom
lite Tactile Coast wlU move for au inquiry into the
management of Indian attain, In order to ascertain
officially whetner the poace policy as adminis
tered through the Board or Indian Commis
sioners has been hnceessful. It Is argued by
the writers of tho lexers that, while the
"?-.mmlmlonera t>-A '-""""fit hv
JA?44W.._w
""mlMloners grtf, doubtiei by
V.W- *h" nolicj
humano motives, r. -^/^'P'led
indiscriminately to all Indian tribes anu joints.
Thcr say, though it may succeed with som? 01 the
savages, others, being more aggressive and war
like, cannot oe brought under civilizing influences,
and therefore the peace and the war policies should
be separately applied as circumstances may require.
Friends of the peace policy, on tho other hand,
charge that the Indian reservation system is in dan
ger of not having a fair trial In Arizona, and In
support or this assertion they refer to Informa
tion recently received from Camp Grant
reservation, which shows that .he white citizens of
Tucson, having failed tu their late effort to break
up tho reservations by means or an armed force,
now resort to the novel expedient of inducing tne
Grand Jury to find indictments against individual
Indians, cnarglng them with murder, Ac., aud
?ending bailiffs, assisted by soldiers lurnlsned by
the military commander, to the reservation
to search for and arrest them. The effect of the
marching of tne armed force through the reserva
tion has been to drive the Indians awav. At the
laat ration day U appeared that about one-lull of
the Indians, alarmed for their personal saiety, had
fled to th? mountains; hence there Is danger that
these fugitives may return to tuelr old habits of
stealing their iood. One of the chiefs who had been
thus hunted described his situation while speak
ing to the agent, who Is un officer of the army. lie
said:?
After my peoplo were killed at the massacre of
April JO. and my children taken captive by the peo
ple of Tu. sou. and were not returned to tno, and the
soldiers Having again fired upon ine, 1 weut to tho
mouutaius upon the war path. Tney had killed my
two wives, my four cnildreu and forty-six
wotueu aud children ol my baud, aud I
was crazy. Who would uot have been?
When you sent a man ont to tho mountains
for me, telling tne a commission vent by the Great
Father was at the post to talk to me and make
peace with us, and wished to see me. I oh me In.
You promised mo safety. I told nlm all I had done,
ana ne said to me it l would live here and do right
all should bo forgiven: and I r.aui? la with lay pea
pie, out wits soon told f nat some of my people wore
offered loo yards oi calico to kill me. You tola mo if
I WJ13 attacked ihe sold.era would fight for
us; t>ijt Instead of that I am now tiuntod by the aol*
titers 1 ront the reservation and I am obliged to hi lo
like a dog. I will do nothing to break up the peace;
but it seems it is not to be a peace lor me.
Walk of Ku Ktux SSnb-fnmiiilUec.
The following despatch was received in this city
to-day irora Cairo, III.:
The Congressional Sub-Committee on the Ka
lv outrages, consisting or .senators Pratt, Ricq
anil Blair 'heir work on Friday, November
17 at oniainhiM and adjournod to nicer la
Wa?nlngton at the opeu'^ Congress. Thev have
been in session, hearingeviu.*'lcei^eJe!7<lJW si'ice
October 17, except when travetiu..?
to place, aud have taken testimouj *rr
witnesses, of whom more than half we.*fl ?u
Alabama. They nave sat In Huntsvllie, Ala., A
week; at Montgomery four da.vs, at Demapllfl,
Macon and Columbus, each a week. The witnesses
were ot every class, officials, politicians, planters,
negroes, army officers and refugees. Kenreseuta
live Beck remained with them a week, when his
8lace was taken by Senator Blair. Representative
uckley remained till a week before the adjourn
ment.
The Texas Claims.
Mr. Newcomb, Secretary of state of Texas, has
been in the oity for several days on business with
the War Department, presenting an unsettled ante
bellum claim for moneys advanced by the state to
volunteers called out nnder the authority of the
United States to defend the frontiers. Tne claims
amount to over two hundrod thousand dollars, and
will no doubt require farther legislation by Congress
for Its settlement.
Cotton Cases In the Canrt of Claims.
A large number of cotton eases are before the
Court of Claims, wnich will soon resume its sessions.
Borne of them will depend for taelr allowance upoic
a decision to be rendered by the Supreme court o
the United States, on appeal from the Court of
Claims, the Latter having decided against a
claimant on the ground that the procla
mation ot the President removing com
mercial restrictions went into effect at ihe
time of Its publication, and not on the day
of its date. The non-suited party contended that it
took effect at tne time the original copy was filed In
the Department of State. There having been seiz
ures ol cotton between the date ot the proclamation
and the day of its publication, the decision of the
Supreme Court, there lore, becomes important in
the adjudication ol these claims, the proclamation
having In Its effect dispensed with the seizures.
BROOKLYN POLITICS.
THE SECOND SENATORIAL DISTRICT.
What John Devlin* Knows About the Elec
tion Franile?An Interesting and Suggestive
Interview?Something About the Illicit
Whiskey Basinets.
The local Journals of Brooklyn being filled
with charges and counter charges of fraud
la tho Second Senatorial district, a Herald
reporter was despatched to make an in
vestigation. He selected yesterday for tho
work and lost no time in hanttug up the
popular leader of the democracy In the Fifth ward,
genial John Devlin. Mr. Devlin being found was
made acquainted with the Intention of the reporter.
Ho readily and courteously consented to give Uts
views on
HATTERS AND THINGS I'OLITICAL
as ho understood them.
"Whatever trouble there has been In tbls dis
trict," he said, in answer to tho first question of
the reporter, "Is easily traced to a cause. I have
been threatened, vilified and abusjd for being grate
ful. Mr. John C. Terry onoe did me a great ser
vice, voluntarily and dismteresedly. lie lound mo
suffering for the sins of others, and came nobly to
my relief. Should I have forgotten that service?
No, sir?"
"Please explain, Mr. Devlin."
"Well, wheii I was in exile, alter my discharge
from arrest by the order of Andrew Jonnson, and
had lost nearly a quarter of a million of dollars, of
which I was swindled by my lawyers, Mr. Perry
found me out, and, without asking a dollar for bis
servloes, got a nolle prosequi entered In
each of my cases. This allowed me to re
turn to my homo and to my business. You
must understand that I remained away voluntarily,
not that 1 feared anything for myseir, bat that I
might save the leading men In the democratic
party. They were all of them In
TUB ILLICIT W1IISKBY BUSINESS.
rerhaps I mar give you their names some day.
You see mr evidence would send them to tho State
Prison. For myself I will say, that my traducors
may be understood, that I was arrested,
tried and convicted of doing business with
out a license; my conviction was hastened
that the real swindlers might escape the conse
quences of tnelr rascality. It was understood that
I was to remain a prisoner a short titne. President
Johnson saw the game of the ring, and Issued, an
order for my discharge. I was In tlx
months. My pardon was not procured
by the democratic party; they would have let
me rat there, Mr. Perry, as I said, voluntarily un
dertook my case, and in every Ins ancc wnore in
dictments were hanging over me lor "conspiracy'*
be hud a noils pro*e>iui entered.
??.so you hacked Perry merely through gratitude f"
"Gratitude only. I could not do otherwise than
help htm.
lira STORIES TOLD ABOUT MB
In a local paper arc utterly and maliciously
faiso. From the nomination of Mr. I'err.y as candi
date for election to the .State Senate until this hour
he has not been in consultation witu me In my
house. 1 have made no bargains witir nlm, and we
hate no understanding, lie is mv mother's lawyer
and mine, and, ot course, we are well acquainted."
"What about the whiskey business, Mr. Devlin?"
"I understand Mr. Perry never turn any connec
tion with the whiskey business. Indeed, I don't
know a single republican in Kings county who ever
had anything to <lo with it. The democrats had
A MONOPOLY OF THB ILLICIT WH 8EBY III SINKS*.
1 know the names, aud. can mention them if I like.
1 went to prison to save the leaueis o! the Kings
couniy democracy, but they doa't show much grati
tude."
"You had a pretty rough time tn this district on
eiecnon day, Mr. Devlin
"Oh, yes; tl was quite lively. The democracy did
their best to carry the dav by fraud, but they did
not succeed. They behaved olsgraceiully in tnts
ward. 1 went out earn to vote for my frlo"d, Mr.
Perry, and found frauds being promise d on the
most gigantic rfcalo. You can see that by
the result. The vote is 1,800 more than any previous
year. WitV, sir, there are not lots enough in the
ward for nouses to hold all the people that increase
of the vote would represent. Tho polling plaoe wns
devised ami iltied lor fraud. We Ua<l to put our
votes in through a Utile window, and had no
chance of seeing witere they went to. Evoiy crack
and crevice by which wo could o.Uinaiilv sec what
was going ou Inside was closed up. Thou ibero
was
A OA NO OF ROUGHS ON HAND,
In the service of the democrats, and these aassniied
""?rv voter opt fay
IIS
eta
^'.TSeM^- Ano'fl^r gaY)g
V r republican tick- i
fnsme were tickets in their
its and substituting demoo.... buj.
dace. I got to by a stratagem and setxeu
place.
dies of tickets that were fraudulently placed beside
the boxes. Captain McConnell was sent for, and no
put ine out, without Any complaint nuvitig been
made by the Inspector, and against my protest."
"Then tbey
HAD IT ALL T1HUR OWN WAY?"
"Yes. very much tho roughs drove me away
after assaultlug me. James Sneviln, the District
Engineer was peddling tickets and conspicu
ously active. Ho assaulted meand shoved
me from the sidewalk. I had him arrested
among the roughs. These roughs were not
content witn assaulting me; they came down in a
bodv and attempted to break up my establishment.
One oi them, wno was particularly activo In smash
ing things and pummelling m.> brother, got shot in
tho mouth."
"Do you think that fraud] was practised In other
parts ot tne cltv
"i have no donbt of tr. In every district or the
city the democrats endeavored to carry Hie election
by open and most impudent fran-is. But they did
not succeed. The day for frauds Is past. 1 have
always voted the democratic ticket, but tf tho
democracy will not allow fair play at toe polls they
can't have my assistance."
RORIRO ROTES-POLITICAL ARD CERERAL.
Jeff Davis is going to Texas. "Bless him, let him
go."
Nearly five million bushels of coat have left Pitts
burg on the present rise, according to tho Cincin
nati Commercial. Tho rise in tho river is meant,
not the rise tn coal.
The Orleans (X. Y.) Democrat goes for Sanford E.
Church for President and Grata Brown for Vice.
James N. Kerns has been appointed Marshal of
the Eastern dlsthct of Pennsylvania, In place oi E.
M. Gregory, deceased. The Gettysburg Compiler
says the seleotlon pleases nobody bat Kerns.
The New Orleans National Republican has an
Additional title?c.f teens' Guard, in consideration
of its persistent detence or tho blacks, It might have
been dabbed the CttiM&ns' Black Guard.
An ex-euttor of an interior caper used to say"1
used to be a respectable editor, now I am only a
member of Congress." Mr. Walter, of the London
rimes, might aay:?"I used to be the editor of tue
greatest paper in the world; now I am only a peer
of the realm."
The National Republican Executive Committee
will meet in Waahmgtou on the Uih of January to
fleclde on the place where the next nominating con
yontloq aha'.', ne)a< now the trouble beginsl yfho
to the Wheat bldder'mrTbe ulaOngui^ ^1"?
Accofdli?* Vo the Philadelphia J'ress Boston wants It,
in nonor of ila uii wavering fidelity; Now York, aa
an acknowledgment of lta recent great victory;
t lie same selOsn reason Impels Kan Francisco to im
portune; St. Louts because it will narmonlzo the
(actions and strengthen the organization in Mis
souri; Cincinnati because It has never been chosen;
Washington because It is the political centre of the
country, and Philadelphia because it Is best suited,
the easiest of access and has mora conveniences.
Between the bitter rivalry of the great cities some
of the smaller towns may be successful.
A Pennsylvania political circular calls Tom Scott
the "Colossus of Roads" and General Grant tne
"Colossus of Rings."
The Washington National Republican wants tho
National Republican Convention to bo held there.
Not likely.
How quietly Fred Douglass was laid oat In the
cold as a cand.date for the Assembly from Rochester
by his radical followers. Call ye this backing your
friends f
Special election in Georgia for Governor (vice Bul
lock), December 1?.
Tho Vincennes (ind.) Sun says the Ligonler Ban
ner takes kindly to tne Cincinnati Knriufrer's newest
departure, and advises it to go slow, Inasmuch as
the peopie are not ready yet to convert the White
Honse into a railroad ddpot.
IMPORTANT RAILROAD DECISION.
A stockholder of tho Company Not Compelled
to Merge Ilia Sto>k or Consolidation with
Another.
Lyncuiiuro, Vs., Nov. 18,1871.
In the United Stales Conn to-day, in tho injunc
tion case or Tyson versus the Virginia and Teuuesseo
Railroad Company, Mr. Baldwin closed his argu
ment tor the complainant. The Court then took a
recess until four o'clock.
Upon tfio rc-assembling, Judge Bond de
livered the opinion or the Court, refusing
tho preliminary injunction on the ground
that the Atlantic, Mississippi and uhio Com
pany snonld be made a party to the suit, ami
franted leave to amenu tne bid In this respect,
udge Lives then delivered an opinion concurring
with that of Judge Bond, m which he said it was
'clear that the stockholder?complainant?could not
be forced oy tlie uct ot consolidation to merge his
slock, but when the proper parlies were brought m
bo could call the Atlantic, Mississippi and unto
Company to account for its coalings wan tho
property ol tho Virginia and Tennessee Company.
MAILS FOi i-UROPE.
The steamship Silesia will leave this port on
Tuesday for Plymouth and Hamburg,
The mails for Europe will close at the Post offlce
at half-post eleveu o'clock A. M.
Thk New Yokk Hkrald?Edition for Europe
will lie ready at half-past nine o'clock in tho
morning.
Single copies, in wrappers for mailing, six cents.
Died.
PrsTon.?On Sunday evening, November 19, In
tills city, at the residence of Ins latlior-ln-iaw, D. A.
Cushiuun. Philip P. Pistok, of Geucva, N. Y.
Notice of funeral neroaltor.
[For other Dat hit see Ninth Paj\]
SHIPPING NEWS.
Almanac lor No-.r Yoe*-Fills Oaf.
Sun rises 6 "?3
Sun seta. 4 38
Moon sets..morn. 12 07
High water, morn 2 48
OCEAN STEAMER3.
DATES OP DEPARTURE PROW NEW YORK FOR THE
MONTHS OK NOVXUBKK AND DECEMltKU.
Slawmer. Nat'.* Dneinatim, j Olin*.
Minnesota (Nov tl,,,|Ui(ni<Ml i9 Broadway.
City ol Haltirn'reiNoy Liverpool
City of Bruasele. Nov 25... I Liverpool
We?er iNoy 85. ..iHremsn...
India Nov 2ft...lQlaa(ow...
Idaho |Nov 29.. .(Liverpoo
Iowa ;Nov 99...IGlnacow........
Cltv of Anlwerp.lNov Sd...
Villc de Paris.... I Dec X.
Oceania fro 9...
Pert Irs I Deo 18.
Atlantic. I boo 18...
Britannia...?..(Deo II...
Liverpool.
Havro
Liverpool.
Havre.
15 llroa.iwav.
15 Broadway.
2 Howling Green
7 Rowitns Green
89 Hroadwnv.
7 Bowline Green
15 Broadway.
59 Broadway.
19 Broadway.
59 Broad w.iv.
t.iverpooi I19 Hroniw iv
Giaairow It Bowline Green
FORT OF HEW YORK, SOFEAIEB 19, 1871.
ARRIVALS.
RIPORTBD BY TIIB IIRRU.D STKVK TAC1TT9.
Steamship Idaho (Br), Price, Liverpool Not8, via Qoeene
town Ptb, with, nutate and paaeerigrra, to WUIirim. A Union.
Steamship Kouator, Hartlrtt, Galveston Nov 5, via Key
Writ, with MSI bales of cotton, to T K Randolph. After
leaving Key Wait, Not 11, expo lenceJ strong Nh galea to
the 14tn, the ablp then being In lat !18 'JO. Ion VH 40; at 4 AM
14th the wind shifted to 8K, and increased to a perfect hue
rienne; at 2 I'M the wind mil find to 8W. ami continued to
how from, that quarter until 8 I'M, when It again shit ted lo
NW, and continued In that quarter until wo put into Hamil
ton Honda, bound to Norfolk for coal; arrived at Nor!oik at
1U I'M 17th, and left at S I'M letb; during llm-gale of ttae 14th
pasted two Mparate rafti of spore.
bteamship City of Houston, Pennington, Oalreston Not!!,
Tja Key Weal I3tb, wtlta mdse and paan ngeM, to C 11 Mallory
k Co.
Steamship C W Lord, Bowers, New Orleans 10 days, with
miles and passengers, to C H Mailory A t'o.
Steamship Herman Livingston, Cbeesaan, Savannah Nov
16, with mdseaud paa.en.ers, lo Livingston. Fox A Co.
Steamship Pout i Carolina, Beckett, Charleston, Not 16,
With mdee and passengers, to II It Morgan A <'o.
Steamship John Gibson, Winters, .cor?etowr>, DC, with
m.lse and passengers, to G It Memck.
bblp C H Marshall, Marshall, Liverpool sept 28, wtih mdse
and ilk) passengers a.l well) to c H Marsha I ,1 Co. Sept Jn.
oil Cork, Win Scott, aeaman, fall overboard; It being dark
at the time was unable lo save hint; from Lit of ho VS expe
rienced severe c.ales Irom W to N W.
Ship Strathearn I Br), Jarnian, Glasgow, 26 days, with
mdse, to Henderson P. roe. look the northnrn passage and
had strong westerly winds; has been 7 days west of the
Banks; Nov S, lat hi N, ion 27 W, John Grout, seaman, a
ua'iTC of Fnglaud, aged 28 rears, fell lrom the ina.utopa.ast
rigging overboard and was drowned.
Ship Cherokee (Br), burgle, Glasgow E8 days, with mdse,
to Henderson Bros. Took the northern putsa^e and had
strong westerly pules; bss been 7 days we?t of the Banks.
KarSs Joliann Marin (NG), Her.ksen. Bremen, 46 nays, with
mdse and 8U4 passengers, to Fnnch, Kdye Co. Had 4 bir'hs
and 6 deaths strong the passengers; took the northern pas
sage and experienced lieATy W and WaW gains throughout;
bas been 8 days W Of t be Hanks.
Schr 11 A Simmons, Sparks, Miragoane. 18 days, with loy
wood, to U A Van Bokke.ln. Had rough weather, with
strong northerly winds; has been 6 days n nth of Hatteras,
Schr W 11 Jones. Line, Keruandlna, 9 days, with karat
stores, in A Abbott.
Schr T W 11 White, Smith, Georgetown, DO.
Tctaned Through llell Unfe,
BOUND SOUTH.
Scbr L S Barnes, Coleman, New Bedford for New York.
Hchr Sea Nymph, Connolly, Provldenca for New \ork.
Schr Mini|ii*s, Heanev, Provtalenoti for Now York.
Hchr Wi laro Saulsbiiri, L'fftitty, n-oride',..* lor New York,
ggtard Marti-u. wWJ.. foT Now York.
y p'rovldaooe for New Vork^
ito ilne, Buada.
senr u
SZtlffHk- Turner _."fora '"'New ??ra.
Schr cad] i "'"V1,0"' ''foviienea ror Y<"*.
"rl,r tien ,",*rv.?r" To'ldence fo?>J{W York,
xeur Gen Heo4l, ilj>bbs, Providence for New To.-*.
?<$r 9 G Biro, ''/'nkwuler. Now Bedford for New York,
ftoi.r Nora, Walkef, Providence lor New Vork.
Holir KiVpIs Oonover, Proyi Isnce for Trenton.
Schr N CJopdell, M?v, Pruvldcnce lor I'hMabelphla.
Schr Maggie Gbadwlck, Gage. Providence for Philadelphia.
Schr W 8 rnompson, Jotinson, Bridgeport for New York,
hchr H V Durysa, Dnryea, Piovlueuce for New York.
BOUND BA8T.
Schr Bed Wing, Daels, for New York Noank.
Scbr North I'aolflc, Baton, KlUabelhport for Providence.
Schr Anu Klira, Caawell. Kllzahetbport lor Proviilenee.
Sctar Margarclva, WanJaer, New York for Glen Cove.
Scbr II P Kly, Btokee, New York for Providence.
Schr Klita Hamilton, Cola, New York lor Hartford.
Schr Freedom (Mr), King, New York for Win isor.
Schr Sea Bird iBri, Simpson, New York for St John, NB.
Scbr Caledonia, Lavton, New York for Windsor.
8 dir Kitelle Day, arey, Philadelphia for Boston.
Sctar Henry Lemuel, Jams, New Vork for New Haven,
hchr Rescue, Cummluga, New Vork for New Jledford.
Schr Hen, Kedy, New York for Salem.
Schr Net la, Andrews, New York lor 8t Andrews.
Schr Matilda M, Mansflehl, New York fur HaolSDOrt, N8.
Schr Julia, Anderson. New York for Bangor.
Schr Oliver Perrr, Murphy, New York for Glen Cove.
BELOW.
Bark Kvanell, Randall, 4V days from Trieste (by pilot boat
Washington, No 22).
Bark Frank, Wallace, from Sydney, CB, Nov 6, with coal,
lo master (by pi ot boat Jaae, No 1).
Wind at sunset K, light.
Murine Disasters.
Ship St Jamm (of Richmond, Me), from Cardiff ror New
Oro-ans, with railroad Iron, went ashore night of 16th Inst on
Coocn reef, 00 mil's from Key West.
ship Athknaih (Br\ Baker, from Philadelphia for Ant
werp, la below the Brown, Delaware, with windless broken.
Bakk Pannt (Bri, Forbes, from New York for Amster
dam, at Halifax In distreea, repaired and sailed Nov 17 tor
Uest Inatlon.
HBiw M axt Conn, from Richmond lor New York, rut Into
Norfolk Nov IS with loss of jlbboom au l yards, having oeen
In collision.
Rciiii llionT.ANW Mart, from Quebec, with coal for the
International Hallway, sprung a leak and went Into Gasps to
discharge.
8?'im Fbioat* Bisn, of and from 8t John, NB. for Fall
River, Went ashore st Kaltrv ulli Heights 15th tnst. having
lo.il everything otl deck. Patrick Calrd was washed out or
the rigging end killed. The scbr wss towed off and taksn
Into New Bedford.
RoilH A 8 GamEim.. at Savanna") Pklt Inst from Philadel
phia, split mainsail. Inst ph. and threw overboard ten loue of
V cargo.
Ritim?b fof Kennebee), from Philadelphia for Port
Ian 1 with co*l. drargnd h< ,ru ,r, jtU aud went mIiok
>ri, near Konnaori't Ho
Hor, :~Th" hjrk Thevmutla, Bearor. wlroh
arrived at thla p^.rt 31 Inst .mm Wilm.ngton iliirpMtln#, ,vc>.
had eucpunirred a hoary earner!* gale Sept. W, iu 1st a, loa
and lust lulls an 1 throw u abo.t i'jd barrels rgaa J"i>
board.
Mii-ellannnn.
We 11 re on lev obligation* to Mr II C F.hler*. purser of im
?teamsblp Equator, from Galveston and tL-j West, for Uia
attentions.
Purjer Walter Pym, of steamship H-rinau LiVn ;ston,
-'-"?It, has pur thanks lor fsvors.
from Bar*.. "*??t rom run Spaijom
Extuaoldimart Situ Commodore l?
The Inrnan line ste .mshlp City o. -mrt on Ssturday
A Kennedy commanding, arrlred at thla a .j, ruB
nl. lit laat from Lirerpool rla yueens'.own, ma'.in,
from the lattar port In leas than eight and a half days, ILua
adding another rapid passig* to bur many previous onea.
I.AtiN. n*i>- On tlm lJtli Irrat. from the yard of Boss Wm
Karon, at East Retainer!, the superior dou'de-deoked
.throughout. brig Flora Uoodald, bitflt la the v#,-v beat nun
tier an.l of the moat an .atariiial material, owned by the build'
era. Cant II I' Ooodsle, of Rlverhead, who ta to command
her, and other parties In Setauhet and New Yore, and .a in
tended <nr genera' freighting, ner dlmenatona are -Eenatii
?l keel. Tit feet; beam, HI feet, bold, 14 fret; reji iteia do4
tons, and la Iu ail reepects one of the it out tb<jn>n;;Iily hu.lt
vessel* ever gonslrtK-ted a' that port.
froth's to .llnrineru
naiiAHAB? in phot n> i.otvr.
new dioptric lsin has been suuplte l to tl.e II h'hottse or
Hog lit and, which w u exhume I lor the i rsfetu.* lest nljhi.
niJi-ill 2"' I1 ,h" 'H1" n,m much greater.- Nassau'
Uuardlan, Nor 4.
bt iiki.kwa I'.a* nr..Yd.
we are requested by the ordains of eu'iitin" steamer* and
?ailing vessels to call the attention id' toe proper department
to the ur-ent necessity of placing the buoys o. St .let. n bar
in order, so as to prevent accident, and give t!. v -im:I< trad
ing In those waters auoli despatch ar.d saeurltv aa .i afforded
by the buoys being In their proper Twees, -Charleston Coo
rfer, Nov 14.
Spoht-N.
Bark Charles C Leary, Baker, from ting spore for New
York, Del 8, off the Cane of UnoJ Hopn,
B irk Yuutig Turk, from Malaga tor Boetoo, Oe'. IS, Ut 34,
Ion 11.
VoreUn i'ortn.
ARiHLmsAN, Nov 4?Bailed, Wm L Burroughs, Lowden,
New ork.
A M ivfkp, Nov 7?Arriva l, Mary, Cashon, .New York.
Balled 7tU, Klug Bird, Dealer. Mnoile.
IIrihtol (fill;, Nov 8?Arrived, Uomnnicag Jarcarlndg
New York,
Hitr.Mr.RirAvrn, Nov 3-8 ilie.l. Gauss, Steengrtt'e; .ioany,
Wleriche, and Johanu Kepler, Kabc, New York 4tii, Bouy,
Nut/horn, do.
IIori.ravx, Nov 7?Sailed. Comtasse Duchatai, Bureau,
New Orle.ms.
('Aiti'trr, Nov 4?Clear#.I. Cavour, for New Orleans ;7ta,
Prlmo. New York Cuucizioriu. do.
hut out 7th, II Leone, for N?'w York.
Caim/. Nov3?Balled, tit .John, llyder, New York Clara
beile. Tracev, do; Helen tl Itleh, strout. Malaga
Co/it'nm a, Oct -Arrived, lieirn, Strout, New \'rk.
Calcutta, Nov 16?Arrived previous, ship Fort ties, Tay
lor, Liver), ool.
Sailed previous to Nov 1, ship Durbam (Br), Kerr, New
Y'ork.
liKA!., Nov 8?Arrive I, Carl XV, London (and sai'ed fov
Philadelphia'.lib, i'.yuiouih Roclt, Warner, Now York and
?ailed for London).
DovRR, Nov 7?Off, llcrschsl. Friedrlchs, from Now York
for Hamburg.
Dticl.ls, Nov 4?Cleared, St K/wm. Murihy, New Orlnana
Arrived t<tb, Cattlua It, Sforslna, New ork.
Dknia, Nov 1 Arrived, Duriau (a Youtiv, Valencia land
left for -New York).
Sailed Oct 3U, John Cobbold, I'atnfn'l, Philadelphia; Nov
1, Maria, Savnrete, and Norwav e Mvlltts, New I ork.
Fai.mouth, Nov 8-Arrlred, Dou t bisu.otit, l aoli.lo, New
York for 81 Mali).
Sailed Hip, Wm McGllrery, Ntchcls, Hamburg.
(ii.ASdOW, Nov 6?Sailed. Warren Uritway, Matthews,
Boston land leit tiroenock Sib 7th, Klldonan, Nicol, New
York; Sklrnor, Arvusuaug, do.
tlnitkNotiK, Nov 4?Sailed, Benledl, Lfvlnnton, New
York; John H Hall, Rosslter, New Orleans. ?h, Klldouan
N.col, New York; Conlidence, Clauaten, l'ensrcola.
Ofnoa. Nov 8 -Arrived. Lnlvi, Pirandello, New York.
UliiUAt.TAR, Oct 29-Arrived, K Miller, Parkwr. Malaqa
(and cleared lor l'hll idel|.hia Nov I, Dorchester, llyoer,
iienia (and clet.red 2d lor Hns'.on); 2 1, D Mcl'herson, Dow
dy, Phlla>lelpliis (ami cleared lor (ienra).
HRI.Vi.v r, Nov 5 -Sailed, Uerinanla, i- rers, Philadelphia.
Cieare.1 7th, C S Buthnell, Mayo. Now York.
llAUiilllto, Nov h?Sai.cd, Al.kcra, Pahritlua, l'h.lailet
phia.
Havrk, Nov 5?Arrived. Ilsmmonia Meyer, Hamburg
(and ssile.l 7tli tor Havana and New Orleans New York
Von l''ms)er, Bremen for New Orleans .ami left 7th).
Sailed 3th, D I' Paysant, Knowlton, Savannah Blh. Abra
ham Young, i'roop, do; Caledonia, Cartar, Now Drloana.
Cleared .th, Helvetia in', Lrtgs, New York.
Livvrdoiii^ Nov 7 -Sailed. Henry, Pray, New Orloanai
North Auk rican .a., for Halifax ami Baltimore; Margaret
Eva is, Sudley, Philadelphia; bib, Bebington, tlarrlaon.
Bosioii.
Cleared 7th, Arbitrator, Irwin, Savannah; Valley forge.
Km me run n, Tvbee. _
Kntouliin, ST Thomas. Curtis, for CaIIao via Cardiff i
Eddystone, Park, Key West; Colorado Freeman, and
C.tv of Antwerp Eynon. New York; 8ili, l'ar.hla (a).
Watson, lemon, Nancy Pendleton, Pendleton, Lallao;
Spain isi, Uraoe, Ne.v York.
London, Nov'/?Cleared, Dunkeid, FoUett, New Orleans;
Greybuund, Martin, Mobile.
F.ntout 7th, liotlAud Bragg, for New York;'th. Web
ster, Norrts, do. _
Lami.ahii, Nov 4?Railed, Puujaub, Watson, New York,
having repaired. _
M Reels a, Oct 81?Arrived, Giles Lorlag, Plnkbam,
Makbvim.vr. Nov 8 -Arrived, Alfredo, New York.
Railed 4th, Lisbon, Dunuing, New Orleans; 8th, Sarah A
Staples, Stone, New York.
N kwcabtlx, Nuv 1 Cleared, Antonio Esmogtl (Ital), for
New York. _ i
NRwroRT, Nov 6?Arrived, Nancy, Chrtsteneen, Bristol
(and eat out Tilt lor New Orleans'; Yeauvlo, Cacace. Olots.
cestor i and ent out 7th for New York>.
N VP I. km, Nov 4?Bai rd, Trojan Mpcqneen, New York.
I'll.lad, Nov 3?Arrived. Evening Star, foyer, Baltimorej
Auucl.en, Dunkeid. New York; 4th, Bertha, Schwann; Vt
dar, Nielsen, and tlnlfniiug, Lerake, do.
UukKBHTOWM, Nov 8?Arrived. Normanby, Mcintosh, sod
Anchat West, LePlane, New York; Haunt. Dcustailt, do;
Norwester, Hurgese. Uasteln (and loft for Liverpool); Onei
da, McUllvery, Talcahuann.
Balled B'h. Lulel, for Boston.
HoTTmnam, Nov 7?Cleared, Nederland. Dlrksen, Sevan
Bftb.
Si.ioo, Nov 7?Arrived, Larra, New York; Dagmar, Jo.
Tbai.kb, Nov 7?Arrived, Marhs Christina, Jacuarlno,
New York.
Tiiist?, Nov 4?Arrived, Mary M Frances, France. New
York.
WaTCaroirD, Nor Jt-imnd, Zephyr, Stroneek, Ph.ladel
pbu.
Amerlenn Porln.
BOSTON, Not IS, AM-rimreJ, utaamahloa Wllltftm Lam'
rence, Hallett, Baltimore via Norfolk Norman, Nlakersun.
Philadelphia; barka liarrleburg, Kyer, New Urleaim; Con
qur.it, Small. Baltimore to toad for Mareehiet; btlgJaaaie
Kli; nan, llall, Ueuturara.
Soiled?Nlilp* Caahmere, C II Soute; bark NM>ob:hriga
Loutaa, Kalcoo anil a fieri of tchr* from the Road*, which
had been detained by tbe alorin. Alao o.l.ed, itiipa Win field
Scott. Clara Klllatn.
19th?Arrived, eteamaliip* P?imjra, from Llroopooi, Arte*.
Achillea, and Panther, from Philadelphia; Oiausua, Waldco,
New York.
CHARLESTON, Nor P-Amred, Prltiah bark Orarig*.
Oioro (uut aa before I, McLean, Matanzae.
19th?Arrived, niearoanlp iieor*l?. Oroveell. New York,
bark HI*o, Harannah; aulir J 11 Kuokaey, Ualuaaore.
Sailed?Hchr Anna Sbeppard, ,Ti?ck*'>nvill?\
GALVESTON, Not II?Arrived, hark* Spitfire (Of)*
John*, and Weaer (Nil), Pnppe, Liverpool.
Cleared -Schr J M Taylor, Gardner, I'epatcola.
MOBILE, Nor II?Arrived, ahip Hen Nerie Hr\ lluieon,
Liverpool, echre Macule McNeil, Cram at". Aran* Edward*,
bonier*. and Edward*, Soiuem, Philadelphia.
Nr.VV OK LEANS, Nov H?Arrived, aUip Montebetlo 'Rrf,
Krby, Dlyerpo'il; twrk Poaeldou i Nor), Kruuaen, Ifiprt Tal
bot ;*rhr W ll Pation, Baker, Nrw tiork. Below, coming
Hp, hark Fleelwing, Havia, from Net*Vora brig Nar^aiet,
V\ i ipbt, frova Ualreaton.
Boiituwrhx Pa he, Nor It?Ballad, bark Jennie Cobb.
I'll I LA UELPfllA, Nov IK, AM? Arrived, ?te;jne.ilp S*?
on, Crow all, Boston *cbr? Km ma M lot, Ca<e, do, Either;
McLanalian Grey llagln, hrtel. and Eliza Aon, MaCor, i'lv
tnonth. Below, bark Tblal Wave, from Botion; LrU s V
Merrick, from Havana.
Cle.irod? Steam?blp Unman. Itakrr, Boa to a; brig Ortolan,
I.eroiaii, Naplri; scbr* It .V S Coraon, Coreao, Sal tin M U
Wliiari, Wa lace, Portland; Cbarir# Merford, 1'araono,
Taunton; Maiy l'rlce, Mavtin l, Newport; I'aul P Eclier,
Klu.', Warelium.
SAVANNAH. Nor It?Arrived, n'llp Ellen Oouify. Lnxloa;
bark Serfn, Havana; acbra Aiioic t> Uaxkiii, Pbltadclpbia;
Corne l l, Orient, LI
Cleared?Steam bipa Bellnna, for LonJon; San Salvador,
Nlcaerg m, nn 1 Montgomery, FairclOtS, N?wiork, Toua
warula, Philadelphia; brlc Urld leu, Live, pool
19lb?Arrive J, ateamehtp Oen Rnrnea, Mal'ory, New YotkS
ahlpa Thome* Lord, Hnmunrg.John L Ulinmock, Ltverpo,,!;
brta II train Ablll, Portland; achni C l.ryan, New Louilon:
Jam** Flab. Or*eni>oint; E U Nayior, PhiiaJelphu; B N
llawklna. Chat'Melon.
WILMiNQTON, NO, Nbv IS?ArrlreJ. achr 8'b, Davi*.
^Tearcd?Steatnahlp Benefactor, Jonei, New York; *tfhr
Burdetl Hart. Pbjrte, d>
A.-lfr/rikik I'&twnt
A OKaMPION SAFZs,
1)1 ilrjaiwiy, an ier 4 te.'xj itf?
l*halou'e ft?#W Porlitn?e?,
"tLOVKYOU"
and "WHITE ROSE."
Mr. ALEXANDER WIIITP.. _
Ida entirp collection of Painting* oa
M .at the
of Chicago, haa else,
eihlbitlou from 9 A. M. to lo "AlfcT'
Leavitt Art Roo'??,
917 Broadway, corner 1 welfth street, comprlau%
piece* and Uema of the
Great Modern Waiter*.
The entire recrini* from tbia ezblbilfon will be derated 19
the relief of lb e artlau of Chicago, many of wb?m are left
entirely deatltute by the rate roeilrutratlon In that city,
UbUKOK A. LEA VI XT A CO.
A?Tiffiuijr 4c
Onion square,
Diamond Mere beets.
Choice Solitaire and matched stone* of extra fee quality.
A vary largo aaaortmeut of mounted and unmounted
Stones,
AngrllN Turkish Balbt, T.rxiagrfon Avrnne,
corner Twentydilth atreet.?Gentlemen day and night;
adlaa day an.l evening; beat retuiiatlon; highest cempera
ure; beet shampooing; no gratulliea; Eur ape oatdeme.
A1 Alee, Wlaa and Darter nad Jamleaa'a
Inah Wbtakay, aevan year* old, vary aunerlor.
JOHN J. STAKK, U6 Chamber*(treat.
Alexia Hate?I.nreest Stack Ever Offered at
retail panic prlc**. Soft Hate, Htc. to $1 5U.
C. (X D. Hat COMPANY, IS Cartlaadt tweet.
Prom Parla Direct?Our Own Importation?
Bieere But'.nre, 8earf Pine, Medallion*. Sportlu?Ch?lna
Ac., od I in lb* exirame; nnraltlv* never before Imported,
well worth aeaiag. JACOBS A SAN bit Kit,
(M3 Broadway, corner of iileocker atreec
Par a Warm, Coeay Koaa, Uae ?lae?uck,a
WKA1UER STRIPS. SS Knit on etre.-t, near CUdT.
flewtV dffk nme, PT.-AII the New *tylw
Felt Hate at moderate price*.
W A KNOCK A CO. #19 Broadway.
Tramea, Nhaaliler Brarea, E itafle Aifacltw
Inca Abdominal Supporter*, fc-, y.tlP7*Ri
lu Ann nrrei. e ljolnlajt HeralAodloe.
The WHewn fthatile Sewing IHarhine?The
beet aud ciieepeet ilret rlmaa maehlnei In the world, prion
irow S4J m BltW. ezar uarmeuta, Salearoom 707 Broadwar.