§tn> #*baw fkjnMtam.
«FFICIAL JO URNAT^rTHrtnN IT E OS TAT E
-OFFICIAL JOURNAL *0F IEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY REPUBLICAN
flffey he had of the following dealers:
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C. C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Holle, No. 61 Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Pontchartrain Railroad
Depot, Third District; also, at Depot foot
flf Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, comer of Love and Enghlen
'Streets, Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. 258 Canal
•street, comer of Howard.
AUCTION SALES THIS DAY.
BY R. M. fc B. J. MONTGOMERY, at 11 o'clock,
at Old Auction Kart, No. 87 Camp street, a
general assortment of new and second-hand
furniture, pianos, etc. At one o'clock, at store
comer of Matches snd Magazine streets, bug
gies, roc leeways and other vehicle*, balance of
stock of the late A Marsh Denman.
BT A. HUSTON, at 11 o'clock, at comer of
Oravior and Baronno streets, saddle and har
ness hones and mares, mules, new and second
hand top nnd open bnggies ard wagons,
BY NASH k HODGSON, at 12 o'clock, at St. Charles
Auction Bxchnnge, 1187 shares stock Louisiana
and Texas Canal Company, and undivided half
interest in 134 acres of land in section fifteen
township ten, south of range thirteen west, in
district of land subject to sale at Opelousas—
'succession of Jamos McQuoid.
BT CHABLB8 E. FORTIER, at 12 o'clock, at Mer
chants and Auctioneers' Rxchange, tine lota
of ground on Jackson and Olympia streets;
thirteen lots of ground on St. Patrick, Gasquet
and Bernadette streets; nine lots of ground on
Jackson and Beraadotte streets; fourteen lots
of ground on Jackson street; part of square
of ground (eighteen lots) on Banks and Benia
dotte streets—succession of Thomas Lynch.
BY S. GUINAl'LT, at 12 o'clock, at Merchants and
Auctioneers' Exchange, lot of ground and
building on Apollo street—succession of Lewis
Parker.
BT DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable First Justice
Court, at 12 o'clock, at No. 139 Julia street,
five pieces of marble—Eugene Barger vs. John
Local Intelli gence.
Forgery.— H. C. Penuiman found him.
self a prisoner on complaint of Gus Hodge
the latter swearing that the first named, in
1869 or 1870, uttered a forgery, namely, a
forged indorsement on a certain gold bill of
-exchange for the sum of $189 35, for which
the money was paid, and having failed to
account to affiant. Recorder Houghton
fixed bn the fourteenth instant for examina
tion day. __
Sanford Johnson is in custody, as a se
quence to the sudden disappearance of a
carpetbag from the steamboat Natchez
Accused went down to wait for an examina
tion. __
Committed fob Trial.— Recorder Hough
ton forwarded the papers in the following
cases to the criminal court:
E valine Faro, for dealing unfairly with C.
R. Kinnear in stealing her gold watch.
William Strander. for assaulting and bat
tering Thomas Robertson, No. 47 St. James
street.
E. Boulin, for having concealed on his
person a deadly weapon.
Jo Fernandes Coloma and A. D. Angelo
go down to answer for receiving stolen
.goods from Moses Harris Eastman and Ed
ward Higgins. The last two are tricky fel
lows, they having obtained possession of a
fine coat from Mrs. Ray, by stating to her
that her husband had sent for it. Detective
Pearson is prosecuting the case.
T. Bowen, policeman in first precinct,
died yesterday. He will be buried from No.
189 Tchoupitoulas street to-morrow.
Sociable of the American Union Club
It is safe to venture the assertion that not a
single participant in the sociable given in
Vegas' Hall, Thursday night, will soon for
get the pleasures experienced on that occa
sion. Many of those who attended retain
fond remembrances of past similar events,
-and expect to experience a repetition dur
ing the present season. There is a charm
in these gatherings that can not be found
in a public ball, nor yet in a strictly private
party. Thursday night's sociable was bat
the first of a series, the ending closing in n
grand ball at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Means Something.— In the first precinct
stationhonse is posted a small handbill ad
vertising for an army of laborers. When
healthy, strong-bodied men apply to Turn
key Beggs for a night's lodging he calls
their attention to the notice, by way of a
gentle hint. This operates as a physic, for
the man is not seen there a second time.
Post a bill in every stationhouse.
Coroner Creagh was yesterday called to
a point down the coast, below Algiers, to
hold an inquest on the body of the China
man Antonio, who was killed and thrown
into the river several days ago. The corpse
had come to the surface and showed that
the murderer had performed bis work but
too well. There were several large wounds,
either of which would have caused death.
Little evidence could be obtained as to who
is the guilty party.
Counsel for D. F. Lechinsky now puts in
a plea that his client is and has been insane
for weeks. Accused was convicted of mur
der in clubbing a prisoner, Charles Hansen,
to death, in the Third District. A new
trial is aske d for. _
The great steamer Natchez, from Vicks
burg, arrived yesterday, bringing 2795 bales
cotton, 3205 sacks cotton seed, and 18 sacks
seed cotton.__
Criminal Court— Judge Abell. William
Walsh, tried for shooting and wounding
and attempting to kill Detective J. L.
Smith, was acquitted.
James Daley was declared guilty of at
tempting to outrage a little girl only four
years old.
Joseph Samuels, convicted on the thirtieth
of October of assault and battery, was sen
tenced to pay 81 or in default to one day
in Parish Prison.
Perkins Frazer, convicted on the twenty
4 third ultimo of larceny, having
stolen on the thirteenth of September
some 8100 worth of goods from the reti
re! fienee of Mr. William B. Hall. No. 97 First
D street, was sent to tlie Penitentiary for one
year.
George W alker, convicted on the twenty
®Sird ultimo of burglary and larceny, hav
®®*itered, on the night of the twenty-seventh
'iSt September, the house of Mr. J. R. Irwin,
o. 180 Washington street, and stolen
^lerefrom some goods, was sent to the
J enitentiary for two years.
Henry May, who pleaded guilty to as
'ult and battery, was fined 1 or one day
l ci .rish Prison.
D^rank Lewis, convicted of having stolen,
the twenty-ninth of August, from James
i; McConnell, No. 17 Peters street, goods
valued at $260, was sent for one year to the
Penitentiary.
Jsw eo Kendrick, charged with forgery,
who had pleaded guilty of obtaining money
under pretences, went for six months to the
Parish Prison. Accused had called on
Messrs. W. W. Carre It Co., on the fourth
of April, nnd bought a- lot of lumber, for
which he offered a forged check, purporting
to be signed by Mr. Marshall J. 8mith, and
obtained the surplus change for it.
The ease of Jack Low, charged with as
sault and battery, was continued on account
ot absence of counsel for defense.
The case of John Rooney, a small boy,
charged with assault and battery, in stab
bing n boy named Thomas Gavin, was con
tinued until Monday next.
Billy Johnson, convicted of stealing a
pair of gaiters from John Henry, on the
eleventh of October, wae sent to the Peni
tentiary for one year.
The Pistol.— About eleven o'clock Thurs
day night. Sam Berry, a sailor, twenty-eight
years of age, an Englishman, was shot
and seriously wounded in the right thigh,
near the groin, by a man named William
Keeper. It appears that the shooting was
done at a sailors' dancehouse, called the
Green Tree, on Galatin street, and had its
origin in a quarrel relative to Borne of the
damsels who frequent the place. William
Keeper, who was arrested and locked up at
the third precinct station, also, in resisting
arrest, was accidentally shot in the fleshy
part of the left hand. His wound was
dressed at the station, and is not of much
consequence. Berry was carried to the
Charity Hospital, and his injury, it
thought, will result fatally.
The river is nearly fourteen feet below
high water mark of 1862.
The Grand Jury was yesterday taking
evidence in the case of a city official.
Lockjaw.— John G. Wright, planter, from
Boliver county, Mississippi, died in the
the Charity Hospital after a short illness.
Before leaving his home he accidentally
hurt his foot, but did not consider the
wound in the least serious. Arriving here
he found that he needed surgical attendance,
but lockjaw set in aud it was impossible to
save him._
Observations of Akenaaa.
[From the St. Louis Republican.]
Washington, October 31.—Attorney Gen
eral Akerman having just returned from
the martial law district in South Carolina,
has detailed his observations and expressed
his opinion with regard to the existence of
the Ku-Klux in that State. He says that
he has ascertained that it does exist under
such names as the "Invisible Empire of the
Sooth," the "White Brotherhood," etc., and
that a majority of the entire white men of
that section were in its membership or
under its control; that its objects embodied
in its oath were the defense of tbe constitu
tion as it was. resistance to Radical inva
sion, and the protection of widows and
orphans, and tbe penalty of treachery pro
vided by said oath is death.
He further claims that ten murders have
been committed, twentv colored school
houses have been burned, and five hundred
minor outrages committed in York county
by the Ku-kiux in the last year; and that
between 100 and 200 men bad recently fled
tbe country to escape punishment.
The attorney general thinks that most of
these outrages were committed last March,
and there have not been nmny very re
cently. Many that belonged to the organ!
zation have surrendered themselves, and
confessed, on the ground, he supposes, of re
ceiving amnesty.
When he left Yorkville, ninety men had
been arrested on a summary process and
confined in the York jail, without a hearing
and without bail. As to whether the pris
oners would be granted a hearing or not be
does not say, but claims that the Deparment
of Justice has the right, under the Presi
dent's proclamation and the Ku-Klux law,
to hold them until the United States Court
should assemble on the twenty-se.-enth of
November. This is the official administra
tion view of tbe situation.
It is said that Attorney General Akerman
informed the President that the punishment
of corrupt officials in the South was neces
sary to the sucsess of the Republican party
in that section, and should go hand in hand
with the destruction of the Ku-Klux, other
wise there would be nothing of tbe party
left in a very short time.
A Presidential Candidate.
Cincinnati, October 31.—The daily En
irer ef this city, the leading organ of the
imocraey of Ohio, and a recognized re
presentative of the uncompromising wing
of the party, will to-morrow contain an ar
ticle expressing its preference lor the Hon
Thomas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania, as its
candidate for the Presidency. The article
discusses Mr. Scott's peculiar fitness for the
candidacy at length, the principal points be
out
Dei
In
n order to succeed the Democracy must
select a man who can obtain a large vote
outside of the party, and at tbe same time
receive the cordial support of the organiza
tion. The Eastern, Southern and all the
old border slave States can be carried for
any fair and honest man, but some of the
large Middle and Western States must be
secured in order to succeed. Colonel
Scott, being strong in Pennsylvania and
New Jersey, may be said to occupy a posi
tion analogous to that of James Buchanan
in 1856. Pennsylvania, holding the key to
the Presidential position, must therefore be
consulted. Colonel Scott having never
been closely identified with politics, would
neither awake resentment nor arouse prej u
dice if placed at the head of the Presiden
tial ticket.
The Enquirer argues that Colonel Scott's
>articular fitness for the Presidency is nxani
Jested in the wonderful executive ability
which made him the most successful rail
road manager in the country. It assumes
that Edwin M. Stanton was a good judge of
men, and that his selection of Colonel Scott
in the most difficult and trying part of the
war as his assistant secretary, indicated a
high appreciation of his fine and unequaled
administrative talent.
It believes that Colonel Scott thoroughly
rmpathizes with the movement to restore
_je government to its olu Democratic con
stitutional basis, and concludes by saying
that it has no feeling in the matter, but is
sure that it will secure a victory for the
friends of constitutional liberty, ajpd unless
Grant can be beaten in 1872, the cause of
free government in the United States may
be considered as lost.
A Washington special to the St. Louis
Republican says:
The government evidently intends to
take precautionary measures to prevent
trouble in Utah, and additional troops will
irobably be ordered there. Delegate
Hooper is daily expected here to appeal to
the authorities to cease the prosecution of
the Mormons there, and the overland rail
road lines are said to be using their in
fluence to prevent an outbreak. The Presi
dent to-day removed the old district attor
ney in Utah, and appointed a Chicago
lawyer named George C. Bates.
The Iberville Newt says of the crops:
Several planters who had commenced
grinding have been forced to suspend
operations until the weather should take a
more favorable change. Thus far very
little sugar has been made, and the plant
ers were disappointed to find the yield
much lighter than they had anticipated,
scarcely averaging a hogshead to the acre
even in good cane. All the planters in tbe
parish are anxious to begin rolling so as to
escape the disastrous consequences of a
freeze, and are making the final prepara
tions wit h all speed.
A Chicago bootblack has just bought $900
worth of property in Detroit, paying for tbe
same in ten cent pieces. It took hours to
count the tunda. This was all earned in the
legitimate "Shine 'em up" trade in five
years.
8PE01AL N0TI0E8.
Special Narica tsHsMls and faarillcs.—
We nave seemed on ceusIgnuMit e lot ot the cele
brated
ted to
CHIN SIR FIRE LIGHTER, ___________
kindle a fire wt'hont tbe nee of o oc d. For soon
omv in time end money they ere unsurpassed.
They ere mueb supe rior t o anything of the kind
ever offered, end we gua ra n te e eatie t bet i on ia every
ease. Special rates offered to the trade.
W. O. WILMOT k CO.,
no41m Oral Keerhaats No. 1S0 Poydraa street.
Metropolitan L an a Savtaas aad Pledge
Bank, New Orleans, October 31, Tin 1.—The Stock
holder* of this bank are hereby notified that an in
stallment of ten per eent upon the capital stock
bee been called for by the Board of Directors, pay
able at the ba nk ing house on or before the first of
December, 1S71. T. D. VAN HORN,
nol eodlm Cashier.
Carondelot Street aad Carralltaa City
Railroad Company, office No. 12 Carondelet street.
New Orleans, October 28, 1871.—Notice—Subscri
bers to the capital stock of this company ate
hereby notified that the seventh installment of ten
per cent will be due end payable at tbe office of the
company, on tbe first day of November, 1871.
By order of the Board of Director*.
OC29 lot CHARLES W, SQUIRES, Secretary.
The Peeple's Baals.— New Orleans, October
26,1871.—The Board of Directors, at a meeting held
this day, having unanimously recommended an in
crease of the present capital stock of this corpora
tion from two hundred thousand dollars to three
hundred thousand dollars, the stockholders are
hereby notified that a meeting will be held on
TCKfiDA*. the twenty-eighth day of November
next, at eleven o'clock A. M., at the benkinghouee,
to vote upon the said proposed amendment.
oc28 4t lawfie B. M. DAVIS, President.
Office New Orleans City Railroad Cam.
pany, New Orleans, October 26, 1871.—Notice—In
consequence of the digging of a canal across the
Metairie road, between the New canal and the
Bayou St. John, it will be impracticable to run the
cars on that road for about two weeks from date.
oc27 St C. R. EVANS, Superintendent.
Batchelor's Hair Dye.—This superb hair
dye is the beat in tbe world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and instantaneous; no disappointment; no
rtdic ulous tints or disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid bleak or natutal brown; leaves
the hair clean,- soft, beautiful; does not con
tain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all druggists. Factory, No. 16 Bond street,
New York. _ ,jy13 ly
N EW
RAILROADS.
ORLEANS, MOBILE
s»
TEXAS RAILROAD.
Chaise at Schedule.
ff
On snd srfter TUESDAY, October 10, 1871, Paaaen
r Trains will run as follows:
A. M. Day Express, arriviug at Mobile at 5 P.
M.. connecting with Through Trains on Mobile
and Montgomery and Mobile and Ohio Rail
roads, for all Northern and Eastern cities
Pullman Palace Sleeping Can are rut through
on this train from New Orleans to Louisril.e,
via Humboldt, without change; also from Ten
sas (near Mobile) to Lynchburg, via Blue Moun
tain route.
3 P. M. Mobile Evening Express, arriving at Mo
bile at 9:30 P. M. This train anil the 11 A. M.
Day Express will stop at all the watering places
to receive and discharge passengers.
Passengers for Donaldaouv{lle will take the cars
at the Canal Street passenger depot at 7:30 A. M or
the steam ferry, foot of St. Joseph street, at ?:4S
A. M., connecting with Passenger Train leaving the
other side of the river, arriving nt Donaldsonville
at 12 M. Returning, leave Donald son ville at 1 P.
M. arriving at New Orleans at about 3 P. M.
Through Freight Trains daily between New Or
leans and Mobile. Freight received at foot of
Girod street before 6 P. M. delivered at Mobile earlv
next day. Through bills of lading signed for all
points North, East and West, at Freight Office foot
of Girod street.
Ticket Office corner Camp snd Common streets.
WILLIAM Bn DELL,
Agent
O. W. R. BAYLEY7
General Superintendent
G. G. SANBORN,
General Ticket Agent
W. J. PHELPS.
oclO ly _ General Freight Agent.
fJYO
THE TUAVKU.Mi PtBUt.
NSW ORLEANS, JACKSON AND GREAT NORTH
ERN RAILROAD.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Until farther rotiee, passengers to all point*
North, East and West wilf leave New Orleans from
the depot. Calliope street.
Way, Mail and Passenger, leave Daily
(Sundays excepted), at............ 7:45 A. M.
Magnolia Accommodation, Daily (Sun
days excepted) at.................. 4:00 P. 11,
Night Kxpreas, leave Dailv, at........ 3:30 P- M.
Night Express, arrive Daily, at........10rA3 A. M.
Magnolia Accommodation, arrive Daily
(Sundaya excepted), at............II ritO A. M.
Mail and Passenger, arrive Daily (Sun
days excepted-, at..................10:00 P. M
Night Express will stop only at Hammond and
Amite, sooth of Magnolia.
Five Hoars and a Halt quicker than
any Other Line.
encage checked from residence to destination,
and berths secured in Pullman Palace Cars as
usual.
Tickets for sale at No. 22 Camp street, corner ol
Common street, and at depot foot of Lafayette
street, on the levee.
3. k. CAREY, General Ticket Agent.
New Orleans. Jackson and Great Northern Railroad.
D. B. MORET. General Ticket Agent,
Mississippi Cental Railroad.
8. W. SCOTT, General Passenger Agent.
s
FECIAL NOTICE.
St. lulls, Iran Itlaantala an« Heathen
Kallread.
THE ONLY ALL RAO. ROUTE
To St. Louis, Chicago, Omaha, San Francisco, R
Paul, Kan s a s City, Leavenworth, St. Joaeph,
Aad all Palate North, East aad Want.
TWO EXPRK88 TRAINS leave the New Orleans
Jackson and Great Northern Railroad Depo*
daily, at 7A.M. and 3P.M.
AN KXPRB88 TRAIN leavea the foot of Canal streat
daily at 11 A. |L via tha New Orleans, Mobile anc
Chattanooga Railroad, making close Conner
tions at Mobile with the Mobile and Ohio Rail
road to all points North, last and Weak
Far tickets apply to
A. D. SHBLDON,
Ticket Agent New Orleans, Jackson and Gnat
Northern Railroad, corner Camp Comma*
streets, under City Hotel; or to
W. BKDBLL,
Ticket Agent New Orleans, Mobile and Gbattanoons
Railroad, corner Camp and Common streets,
Story Building, opposite City Hotel.
J. H. WINGFIELD,
General Superintending Agent st. Louis, Iron Moon
tain and Southern Railroad. not*
JIO THE EAST.........TO THE KASt
Tit Laulsvilla aad Okie aad Mlaalaatppi
Hallway.
The completion ot tno Louisville Division of this
road, and tha splendid equipment for paaaange:
travel, makes this the
BEST ROUTE TO CINCINNATI,
sm
ALL POINTS BAST AND NORTHEAST.
THREE THROUGH TRAINS DAILY,
With direct connections from the south for Cls
etnnstl
WITHOUT CHANGE OF CABS.
Be rare and ask for tickets via Louisville and ths
Ohio and Mississippi Railway, for sale at all prtc
cipal ticket offices In the Sonin, and in Louisville
the General Offioe of the Company, corner Fourt)
and Main streets, also at Galt House and Loulsvfll
lne and Willard Hotels.
N. B.—Tickets to Cincinnati and points Bast, vb
this line, are good on mall line steamers, and Ms*
line tickets are good on this road.
CHARLES 8. FOLLBTT,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent, St. Lenin
J. L. GRISWORD,
General Superintendent., St Lenin
THOMAS BORWIN.
y8 ly General Southern Agent, Louisville.
POUND NOTICES.
Department or Police, 1
New Orleans. November 2, 1871. J
W AS BROUGHT TO THE SIXTH DISTRICT
Pound, on Jersey street, between Valence
and Bordeaux
One (1) Bed Cow, with a white star on the fore
head.
Which, If not claimed within five days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will be sold at' public auc
tion. at twelve o'clock SI., at said pound, on
MONDAY, November 6, 1871.
JAMES LEWIS,
No. 100—no2 4t Administrator,
Department or Police, i
New Orleans, October 30 1871. t
W ERE BROUGHT TO THE SIXTH DISTRICT
Pound, o» Jersey street, between Valence
and Bordeaux
One (1) White and Red Spotted COW. branded
D" on the right shoulder, and "H" "V" on the
right hip.
e (1) White and Brown Spotted HEIFER,
branded "D" on the ngbt hip.
One (1) White HORSE, branded "U S A" on the
left shoulder.
Which, if not claimed within five days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will he gold at public
auction at said pound, on SATURDAY, November
4, 1871, at 12 M.
JAMES LEWIS.
No. 99—oc31 td Administrator.
CONSTABLES' SALES.
A. Dupart va. Michel Demoyene—Seventh
Justice Court for the Parish of Orleans, No.
156.
B Y VIRTCB OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS, TO
me directed by the Hon. P. Gallaher, Seventh
Justice of the Peace in and for the pariah of Or
leans, I will proceed -to aell at public auction, on
the corner of Magazine street and Louisiana ev
en ue, at the court house, oa TUESDAY, November
14. 1871, at U O'clock M.—
Four COWS.
Seized in the above numbered and entitled suit.
Terms— C ash on tno spot in Inited States cur
rency.
J. B. K. LAICHE,
no4 8l4 Constable Seventh Justice Coart.
OFFICIAL NOTICES.
MATonAt.fr or Nnw Onxnsai,
City Hall, November 3, IWL
[No. 1173—Ad min ist rati on Series.j
An ordinance for tbe payment of the pay roll
therein named.
Be it ordained. That the following appropriation
be and is hereby made ia accordance with tbe
terms of ordinance No. 1844, Administration series:
Pay ran Surveyors Department for week coding
Octooer 31.1871, for superintendents, drsughtmen
aad chain carriers, *833 33.
Adopted by the Council of tha city of Hew Or
leans.
Yeas: Cockrem, Shaw, Delasalso, Bearish, Lewis,
Walton, Bonsano. ____
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy;
H. CosqrssT Class*, Secretary. no4 it
PRO POSA LS.
Department or Wat**works
And Public Buildings.
New Orleans. November 3, TS71.)
S EALED PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE UN
deraigned will be received at this office until
TUESDAY, JNovember 7. 1871, at 111. M. lor fur
nishing one flatboat load of Pittsburg coal, to be
delivered and piled at such point within the Water
works inclosure as may be designated. The bids
to be made for so mneb per barrel cash.
The coal shall be of the best quality, in the
lamps, pr< perly screened, and bee from impurities
and foreign matters.
All parties making proposals an required to
deposit with the Administrator of Fi
as evidence of their intention to abide by
the adjudication, the amount ot five hundred dol
lars in cash, which shall be forfeited to the city in
case of failure to sign tbe contract
Bidders to whom the contract is not awarded
will have their deposits returned to them on the
day adjudication ia made.
No bid will be received unless accompanied by
the certificate of the Administrator of Finance
certifying that the required cash deposit has been
made.
The city reserves the right to reject any or all
bids.
Proposals to be indorsed, "Proposals for furnish
ing coal."
uo4 td L. T. DELAS8IZK, Administrator.
PROPOSA LS FO R GOAL.
S EALED PROPOSAL* FOR COAL. TO BE DE
livered at the public school bouses, eitv of
New Orleans, will be received by the Committee
on School Houses unttl tbe hour of twelve o'clock,
TUESDAY, November 7, 187i. to be addressed to
''Thomas Lynne, Chairman of Committee on School
Houses, Clerk's office, Eighth District Court."
The Committee reserve the light to reject anv or
all bids. THOMAS LYNNE.
n*>3
PROPOSALS.
Department or Impmovumnti,
New Orleans October 13, 1871.
S EALED PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE
undersigned will be received at this office until
WEDNESDAY NOON, Novembers, 1871, for grading
and shelling, with lake shells, Marengo steeet, f. oiu
Tchoupitoulas to Clara street; Clan street, from
Marengo to General Taylor street; General Taylor
street, from Clara to Claiborne street, and Claiborne
street (south aide), from General Taylor to Wash
ington street; in accordance with plan and apecifi
tions on tile in tbe office of the City Surveyor.
All parties making proposals for this contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of Fi
nance, aa evidence of their intention to abide bv
the adjudication, tbe amount of two thousand
dollars in caah. which shall be forfeited to the
city in ease of failure to sign the contract.
Bidden to whom contracts are not awarded shall
have their deposits returned to them on the day
adjuslcations are made.
No bid will be received unless accompanied by
the certificate of the Administrator or Finance
certifying that tbe required cash deposit has been
made.
The city reserves the right to reject any and all
bids.
Bids to be per running foot and to be indorsed
"Proposals for grading and shelling Marengo street."
oc26td JOHN COCKREM. Administrator.
PROPOSALS.
Proposals for the Cast Iron Coralee of the
United State# Caoteatheaoe, New Or.
leaee, Louisiana.
Orrica or SrpaaiNmnuxT,
October 16.1871. J
S EALED PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED AT
the office of the Superintendent until 12 M.. No
vember 15,1871, for fum sbing, delivering, fitting
and putting in place the entire cast iron cornice of
tne Customhcuse at New Orleans, Louisiana, as
exhibited by the drawings snd specifications, copies
of which may be had on application at this office.
The whole to be cast of No. 2 gray mottled iron,
clean, smooth and free from all defects and tlaws
Scaffolding and derricks will be furnished to the
contractor without cost. Nine-y per cent of the
amount due will be paid on the completion of the
cornice to each front, the balance on the comple
tion of the contract.
Bidders will state the earliest time within which
they will complete the contract if awarded to them.
Ail the bids must be made on the printed form, to
be obtained at this office, and be accompanied by a
penal bond of $25,non, that the bidder will accept
aud perform the contract if awarded him, tbe suffi
ciency of the security to be approved by the
United States District Judge or the clerk of the
United States Court.
1 he right to reject any and all bids received is
reserved.
Proposals must I e inclosed in a sealed envelop,
indorsed "Proposals for Cast Iron Cornice to the
Customhouse, New Orleans. Louisiana, and ad
dressed to COLONEL J. F. MORSE.
or!7 28 1 Superintendent.
STATEMENT.
S TATEMENT SHOWING THE EXACT AMOUNT
of money existing in the State Treasury Octo
ber 31,1871:
r. s. cm- stat*
KRNCT. Notes.
General funds................... $1,390
Current school fund............ 95,961 24 tote
Interest tax fund.............. 251.956 71
Levee tax fund................ 2,828 42
Levee and drainage fund...... 1,209 13
Seminary fund................. 218 to
Free school fund............... 60 07
Internal improvement fund.... 06
Special levee tax fund......... 194 493 44
Redemption of State debtfund. 6,930 00
Redemption of State debt fund,
underact No. 114, of 1863... 15,380
$553,649' 09
Less amount overdrawn in
general funds............... 82 02
Total........................$553,567 07 $16,770
We, the undersigned, do solemnly swear that the
foregoing statement ia true and comet in all re
spects.
JAMES GRAHAM,
State Auditor.
ANTOINE DUBUCLKT,
State Treasurer.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this second
day of November A. D. 1871.
JOHN P. MONTAMAT,
Third Justice of the Peace, Pariah of Orleans.
no3 3t
LEGAL NOTICES.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT "COURT
DISTRICT OP LOUISIANA.
IN THE MATTER OF JAMES CALLIHAN, BANK
fupt.
In Bankruptcy—No. 1098.
W IERBAS, JAMES CALUHAN, OF AVOYELLES
pat ish, and district aforesaid, duly declared
bankrupt under the act of Congre ss of March 2,1867,
has this day tiled in said court a petition praying
for a discharge and certificate thereof from afi
his debts and other claims provable under said
act. Notice is therefore given to all creditors who
have proved their debts, and to all other persons in
interest that the twentieth davof November, 1871,
at 11 A. M., is assigned for tbe hearing of the same,
and that they may then aud there attend and
show cause, if any they have, why the prayer of
the said petition should not be granted; and
further notice is given that the bankrupt will un
deigo an examination before Register Kellogg on
the sixteenth day of November, A. D. 1871, at 11 A.
M., at his office, Customhouse building.
Clerk's office, New Orleans, October 20, 1871.
oc2l 28 no4 K. LOEW. Deputy Clerk.
Vi
UNITED 8TATEs DISTRICT COURT.
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE MATTER OF BENKY SHORTEN,
Bankrupt.
In Bankruptcy—No. 1128.
LTHEREAS, HENRY SHORTEN. OF THE PARISH
I of East Baton Rouge and district aforesaid,
duly declared bankrupt under the act of Congress
of March 2. 1867, has this day tiled in said court a
petition praying for a discharge and certificate
thereof, from air his debts aud other claims, prova
ble^ under said act.
Notice is therefore given to all creditors who
have proved their debts, and to all other persons
in interest, that the twenty-fifth <l*y of Novem
ber. 1871, at 11 A. M., is assigned for the hearing ef
the same, and that they may then and there attend
and show cause, if any thev have, why the prayer
of the said petition should not be granted: and
further notice is given that the bankrupt will un
dergo an examination before Register Kellogg on
the twenty-second day of x-oveuiber, A. D. 13,1, at
11 A. M., at his office, Customhouse building.
Clerk's office. New Orleans. October 28,1871.
oc29 no4 11 K. LOEW, Deputy Clerk.
SUCCESSION NOTICES.
Succession of Eilenne Charles and Pelngie
Charles—No. 34,965.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOB THE PARISH
of Orleans__Whereas, Vincent Btienne Charles
hat petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of the late Etienne and Pelagie
Charles .deceased, intestate: Notice is hereby given
to all whom it may concern, to show cause within
ten days, why the prayer of the said petitioner
should not be granted.
By order ot the Court.
OC31 not 8
M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Succession or Mrs. Catkerloe Poirot—No.
34,813.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice U hereby given to the credit
ors of this estate snd to all other persons heroin
interested to show cause within ten days from the
present notification, if anv they have or eon, why
the account presented by the testamentary e xeeutor
in this estate, should not bo homotogatod and ap
proved, sod the fends distributed ia aecontence
therewith.
By order of the Court.
0C31 no4 8 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
AUOTIOH SALES.
By S. OuinAult.
HANDSOME RESIDENCE NEAR RADHONYULB,
AND OTHER PROPERTIES SITUATED IB THE
FIRST AND SECOND DISTRICTS OF THIS
CITY.
SUCCESSION OF ALEJO CARRATERO.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 34,822.
DY ft. GUINAULT. AUCTIONRRR-OFFICS
O corner of Exchange alley snd Bienville street—
SATURDAT. November 23.1871. will be sold, at 12 M.
st the Merchants mid Auctioneers' Exchange, Bo;
street, between Canal snd Customhouse streets,
virtue of an order from tbe honorable the See#
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated Oc
tober 14,1871, the following properties belonging to
the aforesaid snccession, to wit—
1. A CERTAIN TRACT OF LAND situated, lving
snd being near Madison ville, in the parish of fit.
Tammany, in this State, measuring more or leas
three hundred superficial acres of tend, of whteb
a portion fronts the Tchefencta river, shove Madi
sonville. Together with the buildings and im
provements thereon, consisting of a two-story
frame house slate roofed, having a hall, four
rooms, iront and back galleries, two largo closets,
snd four rooms in the attic, a kitchen with large
servants' room, two negro cabins of three rooms
each, feed store, horse stable, coach house, cow
stable for eighteen head of cattle, sheds, privy, a
spring well of excellent water, etc. Also, all the
household furniture of said house, the husbandry
implements, together with all the cattle, horses,
males, sheep, hogs, etc. Tbe whole as per inven
tory deposited st the auctioneers' office for refer
ence.
2. TWO CERTAIN CONTIGUOUS LOTS OF
GROUND, situated in the First District of this city,
designated by Nos. 11 and 12, of square bounded by
Liberty, Howard. Poydraa and Lafayette streets,
measuring each 27 feet front on Howard street, by
107 feet 6 inches and 6 lines in depth, between
parallel lines, according to a plan drawn by L. H.
Pilie. late surveyor, dated April 22. 1844, and de
posited in tne office ot Felix Grima, notary public,
of this city, together with a two story frame build
ing, Nos. 183,185 and 187. slate roofed, divided into
three tenements, each of two rooms and front gal
lery, and each having hydrant, cistern privy and
gaa—the whole rented for thirty-six dollars per
month.
X TWO CONTIGUOUS LOTS OF GROUND, situ
ated in the Second District of this city, designated
by Noe. 4 and 5, ia the square bounded by Custom
house, Canal, Treme and Marais streets, said lota
measuring each 25 feet 6 inches and 7 lines front on
Customhouse street, by 114 feet in depth, between
parallel lines; one of said lota forma the corner of
Customhouse and Treme streets; together with a
two story aud a half brick building of eleven rooms.
Nee. 238 and 232, on Customhouse afreet, two
two story brick kitchens of four rooms each, cis
tern, privy; another frame hotise No. 17, on the
same lot, and fronting Treme street, and another
frame building, also on the same lot, and fronting
on Customhouse street, the whole under a rent of
$127 per month.
Fifty share of one hundred dollars each, reduced
to forty-sevtn shares, in the capital stock of the
Citizens' Bank of Louisiana are attached to this
property, and secured by mortgage ou lot No. 5. on
which a sum of $719 is due to said bank, andii
payable or renewable on the first of November,
1871, according to the charter of the aforesaid
bank. The whole agreeably to plana which will be
exbibitedat the Rxchange before the davof tale.
Terms and conditions—For the movable effects,
cattle, husbandry, together with the immovable
property, situated in the pariah of fit. Tammany,
one-half cash and the balance at a credit of one
year, far a note secured by mortgage on said prop
erty. bearing interest at eight per cent per annum
from date until paid; the buildings erected on said
tract ot land to be kent insured by the purchaser,
and the policy taansferred to the tutrix or any
holder of said note, and five per cent attorney's
fees aha'l be paid by tbe purchaser, in case of
judicial proceedings for the recovery of said note.
For the property secondly described—Caah.
For tbe pronerty thirdly aud lastly described—
The purchaser to subscribe a new stock note for
the sum of $719. papable or renewable on tbe first
of November, 1871, and the balance of the price of
adjudication caah.
Acts of rale before O. Drouet, notary public, at the
expense of the purchaser, including the United
States stamps, as well as the taxes for the run- ing
year 1871. due In 1872 oc2128 no4 1118 85
SUCCESSION OF LEWIS PaRKKR—NO. 34,837.
B Y 8. GUINAULT, AUCTIONEER-OFFICE
corner of Exchange alley and Bienville street—
SATURDAY, November 4, 1371, will be sold, at
12 M„ at the Merchants and Auctioneers' Ex
change. Royal street, between Canal and Custom
house streets, by virtue of an order from the
honorable tbe Second District Court for the parish
of Orleaus, dated Septemlier 23, 1871—
A LOT OF GROUND, situated in suburb Plaisaoce,
in the Sixth District of this city, late City of Jef
ferson, in this State, designated as lot No 6 of
square No. 24, which is bounded by Apollo, Pleas
ant and Bacchus streets and Louisiana avenne, ac
cording to a plan drawn by Beqjamin Buisaon on
ghth of august, 1337, and deposited in the
lei's office of the parish of Jefferson for refer
ence. Said lot measures 32 feet front on Apollo
street, by 150 feet deep, between parallel lines; to
gether with all the buildings and improvements
thereon, consisting of a two-story frame house of
four rnou s. two above and two below; a two-storv
frame kitchen, adjoining the hotise, of six rooms,
three citterns, privy, shed, etc. Tbe whole di
vided into two tenements.
See plan, to he exhibited at the Exchange.
Terms—Caah.
Act of rale before O. Drouet, notary public, at
the expense of the purchaser, including the United
States stamrs, as well as the taxes for the running
year 1871. due in 1872. oe3 11 19 28 no4
SUCCESSION OF ARTHUR LIVACDAIS.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleaua—
No. 34.946.
B Y 8. GUINAULT, AUCTIONEER—OFFICE
corner Exchange alley and Bienville street—
THURSDAY, November9,1871, will be sold, at eleven
o'clock A. M., at the corner of Bienville and
Lopes streets, by virtue of an order from tbe
honorable the Second District Court tor the parish
of Orleans, dated November 3, 1871—
16 Fine MILK COWS, several with calves and the
ba'ance on the eve of calving; 3 Heifers, 2 Horses,
1 Milk Cart, 1 slop Cart, 2 seta of Harness, Milk
Cans and all tbe utensils of the Dairy.
Terms—Under $200 cash, from $200 to $500 one
half caah and the balance at a credit of aix months,
and above $500 one-fourtli caah and tbe balance at
six months' credit in notes of the purchasers,
satisfactorily indorsed.
P. 8. -The good will, which is of twenty gallons
largest
no4 It
daily, will be given to the purchaser for the
amount.
By Nash ft Hodgson.
ELEVEN HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-SEVEN SHARE8
CAPITAL STOCK LOUISIANA AND TEXAS
CANAL COMPANY.
LANDS IN OPELOUSAS, STATE OF LOUISIANA.
SUCCESSION OF JAMES McQUOID.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 33,942.
B Y NA8H Ac HODGSON—W. I. HODGSON,
Auctioneer—Office No. 170 Gravier street—On
SATURDAY'. November 4, 1871, at twelve o'clock
M., at the St. Charles Auction Exchange, in
the basement rotunda of the St. Charles Hotel, m
this city, by virtue and in pursuance of an order of
the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated Au
gust 7, 1871, docket No. 33,942 .or account of the
succession of James McQuoid, deceased, at public
auction, will be sold—
1. Eleven hundred and eighty-seven shares of
the capital stock of the Louisiana and Texaa Canal
Compauy, with the rights, privileges and grants
thereunto belonging, to be so d in lota of 100 shares
each.
2. THE UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTEREST in and
to lots Nos. 1 and 2, and the west half of the north
east quarter of section fifteen in township ten,
south of range thirteen west, in the district of land
subject to rale at Opelousas, State of Louisiana,
containing 134 71-100 acres.
Within the above canal grant, which nearly sur
rounds the great beds of sulphur recently discov
ered, there are abaut 1,800.009 acres, embracing
some of the moat fertile and productive lands in
the State. Pamphlets containing charter, rights,
franchises, privileges and advantages, with map of
grant and route or canal can be haid ou application
to the auctioneers.
Terms—Cash on the spot in United States treas
ury notes. ocl 7 14 21 28 no4
By B. M. ft B. J. Montgomery.
GREAT AND PEREMPTORY SALE OF BUGGIES,
ROCKAWAYS, AND EVERY DESCRIPTION OF
VEHICLES, BEING THE BALANCE OF THE
LARGE STOCK IN TRADE OF THB LATE R.
MARSH DENMAN, AT AUCTION.
B Y R. M. dc B. J. MONTGOMERY
R. M. Montgomery. Auctioneer—Will be sold
on SATURDAY', November 4. 1871, at one o'clock
P. M„ at store, corner of Natchez and Magazine
streets—
The balance of the large stock of Bf*GGIKS.
ROCKAWAYS, and every description of Vehicles of
the late R. Marsh Denman.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury netes.
no4
SUtlUIHUUi PURN1TUKA. PIANOS, OAMPKTs
ETC., AT AUCTION.
B Y R. M. dfc B. J. MONTGOMBRY-R.
M. MONTGOMERY, Auctioneer—Will be raid
on every SATURDAY. TUESDAY, and TBUR8DAY,
at the Old A action Mart, 87 Camp stre et st eleven
o'clock—
A GENERAL A SSORT MENT OF NBW and SEC
OND-HAND FURNITURE, snen as Rosewood
Mahogany and Walnut Bedsteads, Arnsotra, Bu
reaus, washatands. Parlor Furniture, Marble To*
Centre Tables, Carpets, French Plato Minora.
Mattresses, Cooking Stoves, etc.
*1*0.
A Urgetnvoice of Cottage BednCnne «od Wood
Brat Chain. Alra, Upright and8quare Planes e<
Pleyel. Favre and other manufoctonra
an namrsB BTOCK'ofc NEW FUBHI TU BB 08
nlldraerifttoo et private sole.
AUCTION SALE8.
By OhftrlM Tortiar.
SUCCESSION OF THOMA* LYNCH.
Baoond District Court for the Parish ef Mean
No. 33,095.
DY CHARLES E. fOl
D eer—Office No. 85 Exchange
Novembers, 1871, nt twelve afi
AUCTION
TURDAY.
M..at tbe Mer
chants and Auctioneers' Exchange, on Royal street,
between Canal and Customhouse streets, will he
sold by virtue of an order from the Hon. Louis
Duvigneaud. Judge of the Second District Conrt for
the perish of Orleans, dated the-September, 1871,
the following described lets of ground, belonging
to the above named succession, and situated ia tha
First District of this eitv—
X. A CERTAIN PORTION OF GROUND, together
with all the rights, privileges, customs, etc., situ
ated in the First District of this eitv, composed of
nine lots, designated by Noe. 1 to 9 inclusive, in
square No. 5, bounded by Canal, Jackson. Murat
and Olympia streets, on a plan drawn by C. A.
Hedin k Scharboana, surveyor*, dated November
Amadee Du
No. A The
and form tha
Olympia streets, and meas
ure, altogether, according to a sketch made by J.
A. IFHemecourt. engineer, 194 feet 4 inches end 6
lines front on Gasquet street, 202 fret 6 Inches in
depth and front on Olympia street, 315 fret 1 Inch
in depth on tbe other line, and 224 feet 6 inches on
the rear line, which it diagonal.
A THIRTEEN LOTS OF GROUND, situated in the
First District of this city, in square No. 18, com
prised within St. Patrick. Jackson, Beraadotte and
Palmyra streets. Said lota are designated by the
numbers from 2 to 12, inclusive, au4 by the Nos. 14
and 15, and measure as follows: Lo*s Nos. 2 and 3
measure each 30 feet front on St. Patrick street, by
150 feet in depth; lot No. 4 measures 45 fret front
on St. Patrick street, by 60 feet in depth; lot No. 5,
of an irregular form, measures 12 feet front on' St.
Patrick street, by 60 feet in depth on the side of lot
No. 4,15 feet front on Gasquet street, end 73 feei in
depth on the line of lot No. 6, and lots Noa. 6.7,8,9,
10, Hand 12 measure each 30 fret front on Gasquet
stieet, by 120 feet in depth; lots Noa 14 and 13
measure each 30 feet front on Beraadotte street, by
150 feet in depth.
A NINE LOTS OF GROUND, situated in the First
District of this city, in square bounded by Jackson,
Palmm, Beraadotte and Antoine streets, desig
nated as lots Noa 1 to 9, inclusive, and measure as
follows: Lot No. 1 measures 31 feet 11 inches and
5 lines front on Jackson street, the same width on
the rear line, 127 feet 10 inches and 4 lines in depth
and front on Beraadotte street, and 127 feet 10
Inches and 4 lines on the division line of lot No. 1.
Lots Noa 2. 3,4,5 and 6 measure each 31 feet 21
inches and 3 lines front on Jackson street by 127
feet 10 inches and 4 lines in depth. Lot No. 7 mens
urea 31 fret 11 inches snd 5 lines front on Jackson
street, 127 feet 10 inches and 4 lines in depth on the
side line dividing it from lot No. 6, aad 105 feet 8
inches and 3 lines on the other line dividing it from
lot No. 8, and 17 fret 10 inches on the rear line paral
lel to Jackson street, and 78 feet 5 inches on another
diagonal line in the rear. Lot No. 8 has 31 feet 11
inches snd 3 lines front on Jackson street, 105 feet
8 inches and 3 lines on a depth liue dividing it from
lot No. 7, and!8 feet 2 inches on the other depth
line dividing it from lot No. 9, and 57 feet 6 inches
on a diagonal line in the rear. Lot No. 9 is of a
triangular form, and measures 40 feet It inches
front on Jsckson street, 70 feet 8 inches and 4 lines
on one side line, and 56 feet 2 inches on tbs line di
viding it from lot No. 8.
A A CERTAIN PORTION OF OROHKB. in square
No. 24, bounded by Canal, Jackson, Alexander and
Marat streets, containing fourteen lets of ground,
comprising the whole front of said square on Jack
son street.
A SQUARE FOUR, with the exception of a trian
gular piece of ground, bounded by St. Patrick, Ber
nadotte, Banka and Palmyra streets, containing
eighteen lots being 'he whole front of said square
on Banks anil Beraadotte streets, together with the
righto, privileges, etc., thereto belonging.
Terms—One-third crab; balance on a credit of one
and two years, with interest st the rate of eight
per cent from date until paid, and mortgage; the
purchasers to pay lawyers' fees, in case or non-poy
ment of said notes, at five per cent on all amounts
recovered.
Acts of rale before J. L. Lsreache, notary public,
st the expense of the purchasers, including s t a m ps,
ae30 oclO 21 28 no4
By A. Huston.
HORSES AND MULES.
Tri-weekly sales of fine saddle and harness harass
work mules, top snd open baggies, bamass
etc., st auction.
B Y A. HUSTON, AUCTIONEER-OFFIO
No. 199 Oravler street— Will he sold on
TUESDAY, THURSDAY snd SATURDAY of every
week, at eleven o'clock A. M., at stables comer of
Gravier snd Baronne streets—
Fins saddle and harness HORSES and MARIS
good work MULES, new and second-hand top and
open buggies wagons, etc. Out door aalra at
tended to.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury notan
so4 1m
By O. Dw Fffriet.
SPLENDID FURNITURE, ETC., AT PUBLIC
AUCTION FOR ACCOUNT OF TIIB
SUCCESSION OF MICHAEL ROSS HAGGERTY'.
Second District Court for the pariah of Orleans,
No. 34,943.
B y g. de feriet, c. w. culbrrtson.
Auctioneer—vmet No. 5* Royal street—
WEDNESDAY, November 15. 1871, at 11 o'clock A.
M„ at the deceased's late residence, situated at the
corner of Claioorne and hlvaian Fields streets,
Third District, will be sold hy public auction, by
virtue of an order from the Hon. Louis Duvig
neaud, Judge of tbe Second District Court for the
parish of Orleans, dated November 3,1871, the fol
lowing described choice furniture aud movables,
vis—
MAGNIFICENT PARLOR, BEDROOM, HALL AND
DININGROOM FURNITURE, consisting of sofas,
chairs, easy chairs, tooking glasses, curtains, rock
ers, clocks, mautel ornaments, wide boards, exten
sion dining tablen book cases, itageres, hat racks,
bedsteads, armoirs. washstands, lounges, paint
ings, toilettes, carpets, oil cloths, stove complete,
kitchen furniture, etc. Also, capeuters' tools,
scales, crockery and China ware, trunks, wealing
apparel, etc.
Also,
One magnificent PIANO and stool, one mnsic
box, one lot flutes, guitars, etc.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury notes.
no4 8 11 15
POSITIVE SALE OF CHOICE REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED.
Situated in the
FIRST AND FOURTH DISTRICTS, TO WIT:
ON CALLIOPE, 3IAGNOLIA, JOSEPHINE, LEVEE
AND JACKSON STREETS.
SCUCESSION OF SAMUEL B. SMITH.
B y g. oe feriet-c. w. culbertson,
Auctioneer—Office No. 50 Royal street—
SATURDAY, December 2, 1871, at twelve o'clock M.,
st the St. Charles Auction Exchange, in the base
ment rotunda of the St. Charles Hotel, and in the
city of New Orleans, will be sold by public auction,
by virtue of an orders from the honorable the
Parish Court for the parish of Tangipahoa, State
of Iiouisiana, dated July 3, 1371, and pursuant to a
commission issued to said- auctioneer by A. C.
Crane, clerk of the Sixth Judicial District Court
for the parish ef Tangipahoa, predicated on the
above mentioned order, aud dated October 24, 1871,
the following described real estate, situated in the
city of New Orleans and parish of Orleans, and be
longing to said succession, to wit—
1. TWO LOTS OF GROUND, with the buildings
and improvements thereon, situated in the First
District of tins city, in tbe square bounded by
Calliope, Magnolia, Euplirosine a .d Clara streets,
designated by tbe Nos. 5 and 6. and measuring
each 28 feet 2 lines front on Calliope street, by lui
feet, 8 inches and 6 lines in depth, between
[gkrellel lines. The buildings and improvements on
ot No. 6 (lot No. 5 being vacant) consist of a two
itory wooden building, formerly used as an ice
house, and a large shed in tlie rear.
2. TWO LOTS OF GROUND in the same district
and square, designated bv tbe Nos. 22 and 23. and
measuring each 38 feet front on Magnolia street,
by 126 feet, 7 inches and two lines in depth, be
tween parallel lines.
3. A LOT OF GROUND, with the bnildings and
improvements thereon, situated in the Fourth
District of this city, in the square bounded bv
Josephine, Levee. Adele and Tchoupitoulas streets.
Said lot of ground is designated by tbe No. 4, and
measures 3d feet front on Josephine street, by 60
feet in depth, between parallel lines.
Tlie buildings and improvements thereon con
sist of an one story frame dwelling bouse, divided
into two tenements, containing four rooms with
fireplaces, two cabinets aud tear gallery: a one
story- back building containing two rooms; also
privies, two cisterns, etc.
4. A LOT OF GROUND, with the buildings and
improvements thereon, situated in the same dis
trict, (fourth), and in the square bounded by Levee,
Jackson, Rousseau and Josephine streets.
Said lot is designated by toe No. 4, and measures
32 feet 2 inches and 7 lines front on Levee street,
113 feet 3 inches and 2 lines in depth ou one side
line and 117 feet 5 inches on the opposite side line.
The bnildings and improvements on raid lot con
sist of two old wooden tenements or shanties.
5. A LOT OF GROUND, .with the buildings and
improvements thereon, situated in the same dis
trict and square, being part of lot No. 6, and meas
uring 24 feet front on Jackson street, by 127 feet 10
inches and 5 lines in depth between parallel lines.
The buildings and improvements thereon consist
of a wooden nonse, covered with slates, containing
four rooms and s front gallery; also two cisterns,
privies, etc.
Terms—Cash in Tnited States tressary notes,
payable, immediately after the adjudication, to the
auctioneer.
Acts of sale, with ths United States internal
revenue stamps attached, before J. F. Coffey, no
tary public. st purchaser's expense,
nol 4 11 18 85 de2
APCTKflf SALES.
9jO.De Feriet.
▼BEY SUBSTANTIAL AND COMFORTABLN RBSf
DBSCESrrUATBD ON LOVE, OB BAMPAMT
STl^H^BTWBBN ST. ANTHONT ABO
BActHKb STBB8T8.
SUCCESSION OF LOUIS BSBNABD.
Second District Court for ths Parish o t
No. 38,989.
pY 8. DE FERIET. C. W. CULBBBTBOF,
duetfooeee office No. Royal straat
SATURDAY, December 8, 1871, at twelve o'clock
M., at the St Charles Auction ■wfcot.r*. ha
tbs rotunda of the St Charles Hotel, will be aoU
by public suction, by virtue of aa osder from the
Jon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second
District Court tut the pariah of Orleans, dated
October 20.1871, the following described real estate,
belonging to said snccession. vis—
A PARCEL OR PORTION OF GROUND,
in tha Third District of this city, in t)w square
bounded by Love, or Rampart, st. Anthony. Craps,
or Burgundy, and Bagatelle, or Bourbon, s treets.
Said lot m easu r e s 53 feet 3 Inches aud 3 lines front
on Love, or Rampart street by 127 fret 10 In shea
aad 5 line# in depth, between parallel lines.
The buildings and Improvements consist of that
substantial aad corafortabls one-story aad attic
residence, with gas throughout, covered with
slates, containing four rooms, tu o cabinets aad
rear gallery, divided by a hall in the centre; three
finished rooms aad several cabinets in the attic, n
two-story back building, containing six roo ms
stables, two cisterns, paved yard and carriage en
trance in front.
Terms—i-ae-third cash snd the balance on a
credit of one and two years in notes secured by
----mortgage and vendors' lien, and bearing
[htper cent interest per annum from date of sale
til final payment, tha property to bo kept In
sured by ths purchaser, the policy transferred to
the admin i stratrix; s 1 teas, if any, payable to her*
and in case or non payment of the note# the pur
chaser to pay five per cent lawyer's foes to collect
the same, etc.
Act of sale, with United States internal revenue
stamps attached, before A. D. Doriocourt, i
public, at purchaser's expense,
nol 411 18 25 de2
By WUUain D* Lacy.
FIVE LOTS OP GROUND IN THR SIXTH MS
TBICT.
SUCCESSION OF JOHN H. WOLTERS.
District Court for the pariah of
No. 34,063.
B y william de lacy, auctioned.
office No. 25 Commercial p la ce S A TURDAY,
November23,1871, at 12o'clock IL.at tha St. Charles
Auction Rxchange, basement rotunda of the It
Charles Hotel, by virtue of and pursuant to an
order of the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judas of tha
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans,
dated October 23,1871. No. 24,068 of the docket ot
said court, will bo sola by public suction, ths Sal
lowing described property, to wit—
Flvg LOTS OF GROUND, with all the improve
ments thereon, situated in Hurst ville. now part of
tbe Sixth District, in the square bounded by Levee,
Tchonpitonlas, Alonso and Eleanor stree t s, desig
nated by the Noa.18,19,20,91 and 22, of square 5o7,
and measure aa follows: lots No. 19,20,91 and Si meas
ure each 30 feet front an Levee street hy MS feet 6
inches in depth, between parallel linea; lot No. 19
forming the corner of Levee nnd Eleanor streeta;
lot No. 18, adjoining the above in the rear, meas
ure* 30 feet front on Bleanor street by 120 feet in
depth between parallel lines.
Terms—One half cash and the balance In twelve
months, for notes secured by mortgage on the
property sold, and bearing Interest at tbe rate ef
eight per cent per annum from date of ante until
~nai payment.
Act of sale snd United States internal revenue
stamps at the expense rf the purchaser, before B.
Commagere, notary public. oc23 28 not 1118 25
THB UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTRUST IN A
THB UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTRUST IN A
LOT OF LAW BOOKS, OFFICE FURNITURE
AND OPEN ACCOUNTS.
SUCCESSION OP DAVID STUART, DECRA3ID.
Second District Court for tbe parish of
Bo. 32,706.
B y william de lacy, auctionbbb,
office No. 25 Commercial place—'WEDNESDAY,
November 15, st half-past ten o'clock A. M., on the
premises. So. 61 Camp street, corner of Commercial
place, up stairs, bv virtue
order of the Hon. Louis Da'
of and pursuant to an
rigneaud. Judge of the
the perish of Or teams.
Second District Court tor the parish of Orleass,
l.TW of the docket of
dated October 30,1871, No. 32.-,™
said court, will he sold, in blocks, hy public auc
tion, tbe interest ot tbe said deceased in the follow
movables—
UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTEREST in e lot
of Law Books, Office Furniture sndO|»n Accounts,
ing mo'
THE l
due the late law firm of Stuart k
Terms Cash.
not 1115
TWO VALUABLE SQUARES OF GROUND IN CAR
ROLLTON AND LARGE SQUARR OF GROUND
AT THE INTERSECTION OF TU METAIRIE
ROAD AND TU NEW ORLEANS, JACKSON
ANC GREAT NORTHERN RAILROAD.
SUCCESSION OF JOHN L. RIDDELL, DECEASED.
Second District Court for the Perish of Orleans,
No. 25.902.
B y william de lacy, auctiobrrr.—
Office No. 23 Commercial place—SATURDAY.
November 18, at 13 M., at tlie St. Charlae
Auction Exchange, basement rotunds of tha It
Charles Hotel, bv virtue of snd pursuant to
an order of the Hoe. Louis Duvigneaud. Judge ot
ths Second District Court for the parish of Or
leans, dated October 5, 1871, No. Z5j)0t of the
docket of said court, will be sold, st public auc
tion, the following described property, to wit—
1. ONE SQUARE OF GROUND, situated in tbe
town of Carrollton, designated by tbe Nos. 180-7,
hounded by Jefferson, Canibrotme, Pritchard and
Thirteenth streets, and measuring 300 feet ou each
of the above streets.
2. ONE SQUARE OF GROUND adjoining the
above, of same dimensions, designated by the Noa.
180 8 snd bounded by Jefferson, Catubtonne, Pritch
ard and Twelfth streets.
3. ONR LARGE SQUARE OF GROUND, situated in
the parish of Jefferson, designated by the No. 5 on
a plan by L. H. Pilie, surveyor, dated October 16,
18,1, and bounded by the Metairie road, the New
Orleans, Jackson and Gieat Northern railroad, the
iroperty of Nelson Foucher snd the line divbling
t from square No. 4, and measuring 331 feet i
Inches on the Metairie road, 320 feet 2 Inches on
the Jackson railroad, 344 feet 3 inches on the lie.
dividing it from Nelson Foucher's property, and 394
feet 1 inch on the line hi riding it from square No. 4.
Terms—One-third cash, and the balance on a
credit of one and two years for notes secured by
mort gage on the property sold, snd bearing inter
est at^te rate of eight per cent per annum from
date 4Dle until final payment.
Acts of sale and United States revenue stomps at
the expense of purchaaets, before E. Commagere,
»4iri8
notary public.
ocl8 21 28 no4 1
SHERIFFS SALES.
F ifth district court for the parish of
Orleans, No. 2770.—By virtue of a writ of fieri
facias for alimony to me directed by the honorable
the Fifth District Court tor the parish of Orleans, in
the above entitled cause, I will proceed to aell at
public auction, on WEDNESDAY, November 15,1871.
at hslf-past ten o'clock A. SL. at my warehouse.
No. 74 St. Ann street, between Royal and Bourbon
streets, in tbe Second District of this city, the fol
lowing described pronertv. to wit—
A LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and mov
able effects taken from the premises No. 133 Mar
iguy street, as per inventor}' which may be seen
in iny office.
Seized in the above suit.
Terms—Cash on the spot. _
C. 8. 8AUVTNRT,
no4 10 15 Sheriff of the Parish of r
Joseph Landry vs. Alphanse Caxabut—
Oscar Allen vs. Same.
S IXTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THB PARISH ON
Orleans, Nos. 1911 snd 2119.—By virtue of two
writs of fieri facias to me directed by the honorablo
the Sixth District Court for the parish of Orleans, la
the above entitled esnaes, I will proceed to sell st
public auction, at tha Merchants and Auetionaun*
Exchange, Royal street, between Canal and Cus
tomhouse streets, in the Second District of this city,
on TUBSDAY, December 5, 1871, st twelve o'clock
X the following described property, to wtt—
SEVEN CERTAIN LOTS OF GROUND, together
with all tlie bnildings and Improvements thereon,
situated in the city of New Orleans, parish of Or
leans. State of Louisians, in tbe square bounded
by Berlin, Perrier, Milan and Plaquemina streets,
designated by the numbers oas to seven inelnsive
R. Beard, late u notary public in this city *Lota
numbers one, two snd three measure each twenty
eight feet seven inches front on Berlin street, by
one hundred foot in depth, lot number one forming
the corner of Berlin and Plsquemine streets; lot
number four measures twenty-eight fret six inches
front on Berlin street by one hundred feet In depth;
lots numbers five, six and seven measure eaols
twenty-eight feet seven inches front ou Berlin,
street by oas hurdred snd twenty feet ia depth,
tot number seven forming the corner of Berlin as!
Perrier streets.
Seised la the above salts.
c. a SAunror,
sf ths Parish of----
no4ltde3