m
Voraign AOteirai
PAIUS, December 27.-Thiers spoke
earnestly in the Assembly against levying
Un income tax. Prominent citizens ol
the D?pariaient, of Ardennes have been
arrested, in oonaequence of quarrels be?
tween the Bavarians quartered thero and
French citizens. The Germans are
making a census of the private fortune?
Of tbe wealthier citizens of the occupied
departments.
SANDRINGHAM, December 27-Noon.
The Prince of Wules passed a tranquil
night, bnt convalescence is retarded by
a painful affection about the left hip,
accompanied by feverishness. No in?
quietude regarding the result, bat a tardy
convalescence defeats tho proposed holi?
day rejoicings.
;F PAIUS, December 27.-The Minister,
^tritb tbe alleged approval of Thiers, is
making more stringent regulations for
checking the license of public journals.
BOMB, December 27.-The Bishop of
Palestine and Yioe-Ohancellor of the
Roman Church is dead, aged seventy
eight. He was elevatod to the cardinatc
in 1837.
Yiotor Emanuel congratulates Victoria
on Wales' safety.
VIENNA, Deoember 27.-Prince Karl
Anersperga has been appointed Presi?
dent of the Upper House of Bicobsratb,
SHANGHAI, December 27.-Tbe Chi?
nese are imitating tho Japanese, in send?
ing youths to Eugland and Amerioa foi
education.
LONDON, December 27.-The Qaeoc
has returned to Sandringham.
nmcriiun Intelllaencc.
SAIIT LAKE, December 25.-Throe
Mormons hnvo beeu oommitted for tin
murder of Dr. Robinson.
Thero is ten feet of level HU ow in th<
little Cottonwood mining district, and il
is still snowing. The sun has boen un
seen for a week.
SAN FnANOisoo, December 25.-Re
ports continue to como of the loss o
property and lifo by the flood.
PHZLADKIJPHIA, December 25.-22?
small-pox deaths. Thero is a light in
orease over last week.
OMAHA, Deoember 25.-A severe BUOY
storm extended through tho mountains
Trains are reported snow-bound.
WASHINGTON, Deoember 27.-An oh
cannon exploded near Seymour, Indiana
killing ?wu and maLiluvluguiio.
The Missouri Democrat bas n special
narrating a raid on the negroes in Salim
County, Missouri. A person thence sa\
two hanging and three dead in the rond
NEW YORK, Deosmber 27.-The JW
bune has information that Tweed ba
fled the country, or is skulking to avoi<
commitment. Terence Farley bas with
drawn from Tweed's bail. Au examina
tion of the property qualification o
Tweed's bail is progressing.
10 P. M.-Tho disappearance of Tweei
is confirm?e]. Teronoe Farley, who de
sired to withdraw from his bail, was in
formed that he must produoe Twee
first. Other bail was offered in lieu o
Farley's, but it was refused. Officer
are watching points of departure, to pr<
vent Tweed's escape-who is suppose
to be concealod in the city. Tweed
lawyers moving to vacate the order c
the oourt restraining Tweed from sollin
property was unsuccessful.
The auction sale of coal, to-day, iud
oatod a declino from last month's price;
The Herald's Matamoraa special saj
Monterey advices of the 20th state tbt
it is positively certain that Governmei
officials are leagued with ibo revoh
tionista, and will turn the entire bord*
over to the revolutionists.
PITTSBURG, Deoember 27.-The res
denoe oi C. A. Woods, of Pittsburg,
Wheatland, was burned on Christina
Two servant girls perished.
CINCINNATI, Deoember 27.-Wm. I
Herb, baggage-master on the Pittsbu
and Fort Wayne Road, has been arrest
in charge of the corpse of Mrs. MoCo
taken from a Chicago assignation hom
Poison or abortion is suspected.
RUTLAND, VERMONT, December 27.
Farwell Lawrence, two saloon-keepe
in East Arlington, shot five persons I
day. Two aro dead and two fatally i
j tired. Farwell and Lawrenao haye be
arrested.
YORK, PA., December 27.-Yestordi
as a coal train approached Lackawax
a rook weighing nine tons fell on t
track, wrecking the engino and killi
one person. The train was thrown hi
in the air. Fifteen cars fell forty f
into the river.
James W. Hackett, tho veteran act
is dangerously ill.
A Quebeo despatch says a box loft
the Grand Trunk depot by an unkno
Eorson contained a dead woman, mi
ited.
MACON, GA., December 27.-A f
ball burned four stores on Cherry stn
loss $60,000.
VICKSBURG, Dccembor 27.-The Ii
Kearney sunk at the head of Island
No lives lost.
NEW ORLEANS, December 27.-J<
Hampton, first officer of the ship
eess, was accidentally drownod on AI
day. Mrs. Waldron accidentally eau
fire and was burned to death. H. B
was shot by Joel Cannon. Two pore
dangerously stabbed and two dani
oqsly shot by assault. Five accident
shot. Nine boys severely injured
gunpowder explosions and two dan,
ously. Daring Christmas day and nij
the police made 102 arrests.
ST. LOUIS, Deoember 27.-Alexis
arrive here January 5. The rccop
arrangements will be complete. Tl
will be a ball and banquet, on Moe
evening, in tho Southern Hotel.
Information from Chicot County
resents all quiet.
ANNAPOLIS, December 27.-Tho
fence has commenced oxamining
n esses.
WASHINGTON, Docember 27.-The
-S3--? ._ll. _1_?:_XT_T
Biucuii uaa tuc uauul ICUD^UUU ?DH J
1 The Secretary of the Navy has retur
There is little doing at tho depnrtm*
The committee investigating Spin
office find, so far, no further def
tiona.
Probabilities-Tho barometer will
bably continneto rise on Thursday,
North-westerly winds, backing to
in New England and the Midd io St
and North easterly winds in tho Soul
and Gulf States; South-westerly w
with threatening weathor, may b<
peoted in the North-west; clear we
prevails very generally EiiBt of tho
sissippi; brisk, but not dangerous u
are anticipated for this evening.
SACRAMENTO, Deoember 27.-Tho I
East are on time. Tho damngo b
storm to tbe road is small.
SALT LAKE, Dccembor 27.-Fi
reports of snow slides, with loss c
in mining districts. The weather i
bad. It is snowing to-day.
CHARLESTON, December 27.-A
-Steamship South Carolina, Now
HAYAN A, December 27.-Vain
bas issued a proclamation, ia which he
says ibo pardons u?o rou insurgents can?
not last forever. Ho noir proclaims
every insurgent captured after the 15th
January will be shot; those surrendering
after that date will be sentenced to per?
petual imprisonment. Negroes are to
bo treated the same aa whites. All negro
women captured will be delivered to
their owners, and be compelled to wear
a chain for four years. AU white or
black women captured in the woods
after the 15th January, will be banished
from the country. Chiefs of insurgent
bands will be allowed tosurrocdor till the
15th January, nuder tho conditions
hitherto granted.
Financial ana Commercial.
NEW YORK, December 27-Noon.
Specie shipments 8240,000. Sales cf
cotton for future delivery, last evening,
500 bales, as follows: February 20 1-1G,
20% March 20%; April 2011-16. Stocks
very strong and active. Gold very
heavy, at 8%@8%. Governments dull
and steady. State bonds strong and
dull. Monoy very tight, at per cent,
por day. Exohange-long 9%; short
yjo. Flour dull and unchanged. Wheat
quiet and unchanged. Oom quiet and
?toady. Pork dull-new 14.50. Cotton
dull and nominal-uplands 20}6; Or?
leans 20% sales 455 bales. Freights
dull.
7 P. M.-Cotton dull and drooping;
sales 2,422 bales-uplands 20% Orleans
20%. Flour quiet and unchanged.
Whiskey dull and lower-95?95%.
Wheat steady-winter and Western 1.66
?1.59. Corn active, a shade firmer and
in better export inquiry, at 76@78. Rico
8%@8%. Pork steady, at 14.25@15.00.
Lard steady. Freights dull and heavy.
Sales of cotton for future delivery 10,400
bales, us follows: December 19%; Janu?
ary 19%, 19 9-16; February 20 1-16. 20,
19 15-16; March 20*6, 20 5-16; April
20%. 20%, 20%, 20 9-16, 20 5-16; Moy
20%. Money relaxed during the after?
noon-closing at 1-32 commission. Dis?
counts 10@12. Sterling 9%@9%. Gold
8%@8%. Governments very strong and?
advanced 62s 9%. States
strong-especially Tennessees and new
South Carolinas. Tennessees 63)J; new
62%. Virginias 57; new 59. Louisi?
anas 60; now 55; levees 62; 8s 73. Ala?
bamos 93; 5s 63. Georgias 73; 7s 75.
North Carolinas 31)<i; now 14. South
Carolinas 49; now 21.
BALTIMORH, december 27.-Cutten in
moderato demand, at lowor rates-mid?
dling 19%; receipts 699 bales; exports
249; Bales 347; stock 3,662.
BOSTON, December 27.-Cotton dull
middliug 20%; receipts 5,385; sales 300;
stock 8.000.
Pm JJ AD EM'H IA, Deoembor 27.-Cotton
quiet-middling 20%.
ST. LOUIS, December 27.-Whiskey
firm, at 90. Pork nominal, at 13.00.
Bacon unchanged-clenr rib 7%.
CINCINNATI, December 27.-Flour dull
and drooping. Corn advanced to 47.
Pork-13.25 asked. Lard and bacon
firm. Shoulders 6%; clear sides 7%.
Whiskey steady, at 90.
GALVESTON, Decumbcr 27.-Cotton
dull-good ordinary 17%"@17%; receipts
3,419; exports 128; suies 4U0; stock
43,729.
NEW OitiiEANS, December 27.-Cotton
steady-middling 19%@19%; receipts
4,892; sales 6,000; stock 167,872.
MOBILE, December 27.-Cotton quiet
and weak-middling 18%@18%; re?
ceipts 2,009 bales; eales 1,000; stock
61,098.
WILMINGTON, December 27.-Cotton
firm-middling 19; receipts 574; stock
5,110.
SAVANNAH, December 27.-Cotton
steady and in fair demand-middling 19;
receipts 3,553 bales; salos 1,100; stock
77.526.
gd AUGUSTA, December 27.-Cotton quiet
-middling 18%; receipts 1,200 bales;
sales 900.
CHARLESTON, December 27.-Cotton
quiet-middling 19; receipts 5,140 bales;
exports 1,743; sales 400; stock 33,338.
MEMPHIS, December 27.-Cotton firm
-middling 19%; receipts 1,800 bales.
FRANKFORT, December 27.-Bonds
96%.
LONDON, December 27-Noon.-Con?
sols 92%. Bonds 92%.
PARIS, December 27.-Rentes opened
at 55f. 32c.
LIVERPOOL, December 27-3 P. M.
Cotton opened and closed quiet-up?
lands 9%?10; OrlennB 10%.
LIVERPOOL. December 27-Evening.
Cotton closed quiet-uplands 9%@10;
Orleans 10%; shipped and shipping at
Now Orleans 10 1-16.
TnEYEAn's DEAD.-Of tho men and'
women distinguished in tho ranks of
science, art, literature and public life,
who hnvo passed away during the year
that is now hard on to its last days,
there aro not a few whoso names recur
at this time. Scionco has lost the ines?
timable Borvices of Herschell, Murchison,
Holbrook, Becquerel, Babbage and De
Morgan; tho names of the Cary sisters,
Tucker LU au, Grote, Gervinus, Dumas,
Kohl and Do Gasparin aro in tho lint of
popular authors whom tho year has
taken; Von Hess and Aligny havo disap?
peared from among tho artists; Prim,
Omer Pasha and Schamyl aro gone from
tho ranks of the great leaders; Scribner,
?Bentley and Robert Chambers havo de?
parted from among tho celebrated pub?
lishers of America and England Covode,
Ewing, Vallandigbnm, Slidell and Ma?
son aro among tho distinguished Ameri?
cans who havo died; and musical and
dramatic art mourns tho loss of Auber,
Mercadauto, Thalberg, Sanderson, An?
sell utz and Dolsarte.
THE TAX-PAYERS' CONVENTION AT
WOIIK.-Tho Executive Committeo of
the Tax-payers' Convention met tho
Committees from tho Chamber of Com?
merce and Board of Trade in this city
biHt week. and. after a full and fren con?
ference, determined on active movements
against the ring. A sub-committee, con?
sisting of Messrs. Cbesnut, Aldrich,
Simons, Butler and Shannon, was ap?
pointed. For obvious reasons, it is not
proper to make public any particulars
us to tho course which tho committee
have determined to pursue; but tho well
known zeni, earnestness* sud ability of
the gentlemen who have tho matter in
nhargo, should satisfy tho publio that
they will move at tho proper time, and
with both caution and determination.
f Ch ct Heston Nc ws.
A colored man, nour danton, Miss.,
met bia death under rat her peculiar cir?
cumstances tho oilier day. Ho wished
to kill a sheep, and held it on tho traok
for the approaching locomotive to per?
form tho deod. Tho sheep escaped with
n broken leg, but tho funeral of tho negro
took placo tho ntxt day.
There woro twenty-three deaths in
Charleston for tho week ending tho 23d
-whites, six; colored, soventeen.
Jim BIu?*8o had a worthy disciple in
tbs engineer o! tbs burned Oily of New
London. Though he didn't hold her
nozzle agin the bank, (because he couldn't
get it there,) he did stiok to his post tili
avery hair on his face and head was
singed with the flames. Then he buckled
a life-preserver round him and went on
deck to help the passengers. They say
his voioe was cheery and his face as
bright os over, through all the heat and
glare of tho burning boat, and many a
man and woman owed their life that
night to Matt. Baker's vigorous arm.
The forward deok was tho last to go, and
high up near tho bows Matt, found a
helpless woman without support of friend
or plank. His face grew a little grave as
ho fastened his life-preserver round her
waist nnd lowered nor gently into the
water, bnt aleared again as bright aa ever
when bo turned to bid hi-s captain good?
bye. They were tho last souls to leave
the boat, and jumped together from the
gang-way. The captain, unharmed and
frosh, reached the shore in safety; but
Matt. Baker, burned and bruised, with
one eye blinded and one arm raw from
shoulder to wrist-Matt. Baker, with hie
quiet smile and his bravo heart, went
knowingly to his doath, oounting tho life
of a nameless woman better than his own.
The misunderstanding between Prus?
sia and Brazil Bourns to have had rather
an ignoble origin. A tavern brawl is a
trivial thing to canso trouble botweoc
two great nations, aud Buoh is said to
have been at the bottom of tho matter.
It appears that seven or eight Prussian
officers, being in a oofTeo house at Bio
de Janoiro, got into a quarrol with some
Brazilians. Hard words arose, a goneral
fight ensued, and the Prussians, having
ejected their opponents, wont to work
and smashed everything in tho house.
While this pastime wus in progress, tho
police arrived. Most unfortunately, the
Prussians resisted the officers of the law,
more fighting took place, wounds wore
givon on both Bides, and finally the bel?
ligerent foreignors were captured and
taken to prison. Among thom is said
to be n near relative of Prince Bismarck,
and the wholo business looks very disa?
greeable A diplomatic correspondence
has been exchanged, and tho prisoner
Imvo been sot nt liborty. But the reporl 1
from Hamburg, that n, German squadron
was under orders to fit out at Kiel ano
sail for Brazilian waters seems to bo con?
firmed, and it ia not impossiblo that se?
rious complications will arise from an
absurdly insignificant occasion.
TlIE Al?TAK AND THE TOMR-FATAL Ac
CIDENT.-A deplorable occurrence, re?
sulting in tho death of an aged matron,
and addiug another pregnant illustration
to the oft quoted truism, "in tho midst
of life wo uro in death," occurred last
night at tho house of Mr. Roy td Todd,
on Broad, between First aud Second
streets, in this city. At tho hour of
on that evening, preparations were pro?
gressing at Mr. Todd's for tho antici?
pated nuptials of ono of his daughters
that evouing, at Graco Street Baptist
Church. In assisting in preparing foi
this coming happy event, tho clothing
of Mrs. Eleanor Johnson, aged seventy
eight years, tho grand-mother of tho
bride, took firo from a grato, and was in
a momont in flames. Tho cries of the
unfortunate lady summoned immediate
aid, but boforo the firo could be extin?
guished the flames had dono their fatal
work. Sho lingered in great agony until
12 o'clock, when tho augcl of death kind?
ly put nn end to her sufferings. Thus
was tho boneo of joy tnrned into ono of
mourning, and tho inmates, by one foll
and untoward blow, prostrated with the
most poignant grief. Truly, "in thc
midst of lifo wo are in death."
[Richmond Evening News, '?'?il.
Eighteen months ago Louis Napoleon
was the most potent ruler in Europe
His word was tho law. His voice mudo
nationB quake. Hundreds of thousands
of armed men marched and counter?
marched at his command. Now ho is a
refugee in n foreign land, nono so poor
as to do him reverence. Three months
ago Tweed, tho Tammany ruler, was all
powerful in New York-swaying tho des?
tinies and dictating the policy of the
great Democratic party of tho country
now he shrinks, shorn of power and in?
fluence, under tho surveillance of de?
tectives, standing a good chance of serv?
ing a term at Sing Sing. Grant, the
Radical President, might profit by these
examples. Hois a fur more fit subject
for fortune's freaks than either Napoleon
or Tweed. His elevation to tho Presi?
dency was ono of her strangest feats.
To pitch him again into the tan-yard, or
gutter, from whence ho sprang, would
delight a largo majority of the people
and convulso tho nations of thc earth
with laughter.
TITLES or THE PRINCE OF WALES.-Tho
title and honors of th9 Prince of "Wales
aro Albert Edward, Princo of Wales,
Duke of Saxony, Prince of Saxe-Coburg
and Gotha, Great Steward of Scotland,
Duke of Cornwall and Rothesay, Earl of
Chester, Carrick and Dublin, Baron of
Renfrew and Lord of tho Isles, Knight
Grand Commander of tho Star of India,
Knight of tho Elephant of Donmurk,
Knight of tho Golden Fleece and a Gen?
eral in tho liritish army. Tho Princo
isa Knight of tho Garter. Tho patron?
age of twenty-nine church livings is in?
vested in him, chiefly ns tho owner of
tho Duchy ot Cornwall, and ho appoint?
ed tho rectors of tho Episcopal estab?
lishment accordingly. Tho Princo was
born on the 9th of November, IB U, at
Buckingham Palace, London, amid thc
general rejoicings of tho people.
Tho right of a child to prosecute his
parents for whipping him, and to recover
damages iu a court of law, is iu process
of demonstration in Cincinnati. Thc
complainant, who is an infant in tho
eyes of the hiw, socks damages to tho
amount of 850,000 from his parents, for
tho abuse and ill-treatment ho bus sui
forod at their hands si nco 185H. Tho
boy's petition recounts how bo was
thrashed with au iron ram-rod and with
i rubber whips; how ho was dragged about
tho house and down two flights of stairs
by tho hoir, and how, by way of encour?
aging penitential meditation, bc was
thrust into a olosot, under a tank of hot
water, aud kept tb ore for ten hourn, in
such a position that ho wits unable to
stand np or sit down. Tho parents have
ref used an offer to compromise.
"Madame" Haycraft, of St. Louis, is
no moro. Hbo was fifty-ouo years old.
Sho left a million of dollars. Rev. Dr.
Linn, of tho Coutonnary Methodist
Church, prenchod two columns of Bor?
num over hor from tho text, "Let him
that is without sin among you cast thc
firBt stone." Thero was a largo and
fashionable audience present, but no
pobblcs wore wafted.
I Chicago Republican.
Council Proceedings-Regular Meeting
COUNCIL CHAMBER,
COLUMBIA, S. C., Deo. 2(1.1871.
Council mot nt 7.30 P. M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, John Alexander;
and Aldermen Cooper, Goodwyn, Hay no,
Mooney, Smith, Taylor, Thompson,
Wallace aud Wigg. Absent-Aldermen
I Denny, Minort and Simons.
Ou motion of Al dor m an Wigg, the re?
gular order of business was suspended,
to proceed to the second reading and
consideration of an Ordinanoo to Regu?
lato Lioenses for the Year 1872, and an
Ordinance to Baise Supplies for tbo
Year 1872, which wore considered and
amended; and, on motion of Alderman
Wigg, rule 28 w:is suspended, and tbe
ordinances were read tbird timo, passed
and ratiiied in due form, and nmondond
as follows, on third reading:
AN ORDINANCE TO REOUIJATE LICENSES
FOR TUE YEAR 1872.
Astrologers and clairvoyants, $109;
apothecaries, retail, 25; architects or
surveyors, 20; auctioneers, 100; agents
real estate and collection brokers, 20;
ugents newspapers, periodicals or ad?
vertising, 10; agents, soiling by sample
at retail, per year, 100; agents, selling
by sample nt retail, per doy, 5; attorneys
at law, 20; banks and bankers, 200;
billiard, bagatelle, or other gaming
tables, for tho first table, 00; for ovcry
additional table in tho same establish?
ment, 25; bowling alleys or pistol galle?
ries, for each alley or gallery, 50; builders
and master mechanics, 20; butohors, for
each stall hired, 10; blacksmiths' shops,
10; brokers, commercial, cotton or pro?
duce, 25; brokers, monoy and dealers in
exchange, 50; brokers, pawn, 100;
brokers and deniers in horses nnd mules,
who keep no sales stables, per month, 5;
and it shall not bo lawful for uny tran?
sient dealer in horses or mules to ofTor
his stock for sale until ho shall huvo
taken out a license, to expire at tho end
of ono month, for which ho shall ay the
sum of 5; but such license un'., be re?
newed at tho same rate. For each and
?-very violation of this article, tho party
offending shull bo fined in a sum of $20
for each and overy offence, .barbers,
for each chair, 5; book-binders, 20:
'toot nnd shoo-tnnkiug establishments,
where hired labor is employed, 10
bakeries, bread, pio or cake, 25; bil
posters, 10; bourdiug houses, capable ol
accommodating six to twonty-fivo per
tons, from 10 to 25; coal or woudyurds,25
confectionery, or fruit deniers, 25; con
tractors, (other than builders,) 10; cot
ton factors, 25; cotton press, 15; cottoi
gin manufactory, 10; cotton gius, gin
uing for toll or pay, 100; chiropodists
25; carriage repository, 50; cock-pit
150; dealers, retail, in goods, wurei
and merchandize, excluding distillej
spirits, whose uuuual sales do not ex
ceed ?5,000, 10; dealers, retail, ii
goods, wares aud mcrchamli/.o, exclud
ing distilled spirits, whoso uuuual Kale
exceed 5,000, but do not exceed 10,000
25; dealers, retail, in goods, wares am
merchandize, excluding distilled spirits
whoso annual sales exceed 10,000, uni
do not exceed 20,000, 40; dealers, retail
in goods, wnros and merchandize, es
eluding distilled spirits, whoso annuli
salos exceed 20,000, and do not txcee
30,000, 50; dealers, retail, in good*
wares and merchandize, excluding dit
tilled spirits, whose annual sales oxcoe
30,000, and do not exceed 50,000, 101
aud every additional 1,000, per 1,000,
dentists, 20; express companies, 20(
exhibitions, circuses, per day, 150; e>
hibitions, theatrical, minstrel, or oxh
bitions of any kind, for gain, from 10 t
150; foundries, 10; gas companies, loi
gas machino manufactories, 25; gas fittoi
and plumbers, 25; gift store, 100; hotel
capable of accommodating 100 person:
200; hotels, capable of accommodatiu
less than 100, uud moro than 50 person
100; hotels, capable of nacommodutiu
over 25, and less thau 50 persons, 5'
hucksters, 10; ice houses and mauufa
turers of icc, 50; insurance com pani?
or agencies, (thu same for each OL
every agency,) 50; intelligence office, 1
junk shops (application to bo made
City Council for license,) 150; liquor
for a liceus'j to rotnil spirituous i
malt liquors in quantities less than
quart, per annum, (payablo quarterly
ad vance,) 200; for a liconso to sell sj
rituous or malt liquors in quantities ol
quart or moro, per annum, (payai
quarterly in advance,) 100. Thercceiv
of each iicenso card to pay tho C;
Clerk tho sum of $2: And proviu
further, That tho granting or wit hbo!
ing of licenses, in each particular cai
will be at tho discretion of tho Ci
Council. Lumber yards, $25; marl
yards, 10; millinery or dress-maki
establishments, first class, 50; seco
class 10 to 25; manufacturers a
bottlers of soda water, 25; machi
shops, 10; merchants, commission, I
mills, grist, 10; mills, fiour, 10; mi
planing, 25; mills, sawiug, 25; printi
offices, where morn than tlm'c hands
employed, 50; printing oflices, wh
less than threo bands aro employed,
photograph, ambrotypo, or duguerr
typo galleries, 20; painters and pa
hanger?", (masters,) 20; peddlers, loi
por month, 15; peddlers, itinerant,
month, 50; peddlers, itinerant, per d
5; physicians, 20; restaurant or oat
saloon, first class, 50; second class,
scgars-every person engaged in sell
segara nt retail, 5 to 10, according
sales; scgars-overy person unga
i in selling scgars at wholesale,
soda water, whero sold from foi
from 10 to 25; stables, livery and s
100; stago or omnibus, 25; tulegr
companies, 150; tailors, merchant, b
20; undertakers, 50; warehouses,
rage,) 50; wagons, drays, carts and ht
run for biro, ono horse. 8; wagons, dr
carts and bucks run for hire, two lui
10; wagon?, drays, carts and hucks
for hire, four horse, i>5; wagon, draj
cart, private, storo or business, for li
ing, ?c., to City Clerk, for badge,
No put non shall let or hire any w?|
cart, dray, or other ourringo or yuh
for tho transportation of goods or
songora, within the limits of said i
I without having first obtained a lu
i from tho City Clerk, paying tbereft
couts, to bo placed on somo COUsptCl
jjiartof the vehicle, under a penult;
i $5 for (?ach uud every day that
j vehicle shall bo -so run, to bo recnv
I by information before tho Mayor:
1 rided. That nothing herein couts
i shall bc construed to oxtcud to wag
carts or other vehicles going to or
i market and for any other businci
i profession not otherwise provided f
liconso tax of 10 to 20: Provided fm
I That whero two or moro branche
j business, not necessarily connected
conducted in ono establishment,
cense shall bo charged and collect?e
each brunch of business so ooudu
as specified iu this ordinance,.
SEO. 8. All ordinances and pari
ordinances, conflicting with this
nance, aro hereby repealed.
Done nnd ratified in Council a
bled, this, 2Gtb day of December, A. D.
1871. JOHN ALEXANDER, Mayor.
Attest: WM. J. ETTKII, City Ulerk.
On motion of Alderman Wigg, Coun?
cil took a recess until to-morrow, Decem?
ber 27, at 7.30 P. M.
How CONOKESS TREATS THE NBOBORS.
In another part of tbe gallery, our rural
friend notices a crowd of colored people
all to themselves. He is surprised at
this, for at tho headquarters of no dis?
tinction on account of race or oolor or
previous condition, he expected to see
the races mixod up in duo harmonious
mass, us an example for the wicked
Southern States. Ho is pained to see
colored people themselves, here even
under tho wings of the American eagle
and over tho bald heads of the Congress?
men who have talked so long nnd so
loudly about the beauty and advisability
of us all dwelling together as brethren,
without distinction of race or color. A
long distance away from his oolored
brothers, ho sees quite a collection of
ladies, aud he musters up courage to ask
of tho mau who sits next to him who
tkoso ladies aro. The man opens his
eyes and siys they aro mostly the wives
and daughters of Congressmen, who
como to look down upon their gigantic
protectors below, and see what part they
play in tho mighty war. Oar friend
answers, that if such bo tho case, he is
pained to notice a considerable distinc?
tion of color, and wonders why there
should bo so much difference botweon
theory sud praotico. His neighbor smiles
und replies, "Oh, these Congressmen
talk like philosophers and aot like men."
I Washington Lette)'.
We regret to learn that tho efforts of
Mr. Her?h to protect brutes from suffer?
ing uro not always appreciated by tho
objects of his disinterested kindness.
Finding in Mr. Barnum's custody, last
week, n hyena, which was chained by
tho neck to tho floor of his cage. Mr.
Burgh insisted on his release. On Sa?
turday night, tho dulicato task was ac?
complished. Tho creature, during the
night, gnawed his way through the wall
to u neighboring cage, and there under?
took to cat np at once a tiger and a
leopard; but tho two together recipro?
cated his carnivorous attentions, and the
three parted, damaged. The hyena then
broke out, and ravaged the rink, killing
one valuable camel, biting nico tender
loins out of a couple of ponies, and
spreading dismay throughout the animal
kingdom, until tho keepers came in the
morning, lt is rumored that Mr. Bar?
num is about to sue Mr. Bergh for da?
mages.-2Veto York Post.
A writer in tho Hr i tish Journal of Pho
tography predicts that owiug to the per?
fection of micro-photography brought
about by tho necessities of tho Parisian
siege, wu will Boon have our daily paper
handed us the tizo of a postage stamp,
and carry our favorito pools iu our vest
buttons. Wo will see "a new editiou of
Macaulay, complete iu three shirt studs,"
or "tho tiuy edition of Dickens," com?
plete iu two sleovo buttons. Every one
will theu carry a microscope, as we uow
do a pon-knife.
THE ?NIVE
IIMAIE
cn
un EUT Y ST li KEV.
The Original Stock Life Insurant:
OFFIC
WILLIAM WAL:
HENRY J. FURBER, Yieo-Proaident.
GEORGE L. MONTAGUE, Actuary.
THIS COMPANY offers the follow
those about EFFECTING INSURANCJ
1. Insurance at Stock Ratos, hoing from 20 t
mutual companies.
2. Each Policy-holder it? regarded aa a Stoc
on bis Policy, and will aburo iu thu profits of
hobler owning au equal amount of tho Capital
ft. Every Policy tanned hy tho Company is no
exact Klirrender Valu?.
Before Insuring i/our Life or accepting
m .AD i III: I
A lengthened experience bas demonstrated l
by life insurance companies aro from twenty
necessary for a safe and legitimate conduct ol
prudently-managed companion charging "m
policy-holders from twonty-flvo to thirty per ci
When life insurance companies were tir?t or
ruiums wore constructed had not undorgono t
no moro than common prudence to adopt a i
moot all tho presumed and unforeacon conting
AB long aa the matter was involved in somo
to incur tho riak of making it too low; becausi
remedied, at least iu part, by returning to tho
lion of the premium charged as waa found nc
tho complete security of the company.
Kxperionce, however, having satiHfactorily
what possible excuse can 11 ir re bo for maintai
Availing themselves of thia experionco, tho
Insurance Company, at ita organization, adop
with, and which baa proved to be fair and adi
requirements of thu nuttiness. These prcmiu
those charged by mutual companies.
lt ala i appeared, inasmuch as tho ratos so e
determined.Mir ratoa, and not in excoaa of w
holders in mutual companies, that any profits
properly hulongcd to tho stockholders of tho c
dertaking tho nusim-ss.
Experience has shown that Ibero aro source
theory will net admit of hoing considered au
Th Odo resulta form a saving iu tho mortality o
il ic al selection of good lives, a gain in interest
assumed in the calculation of ita premiums, tl
render of policies hy tho members, and from t
Protlta from thoao sources, in a company pot
amount <>i husinous, would givo to the stocklu
counted or. by tho Directora of tho Universt
therefore, determined to divide among tho pol
profits accruing troin tho sonre?a named, all
tho stockholders.
The plan adopted for such division is aa fo
with tho Universal will, for tho purposes of di
one annual premium upon his policy; and trill
(he ?mu? t /.tent as a Storth oilier owning an er/u
liv thia system of insurance, original with tl
lowing important advantages:
1. Insurance at tho regular "stock" ratoa, r
illili pd u ni. iran inail that charged hy UH
yearly "divideim" paid ill advance of that am
"ance is worthy of attention. Hinco its organi:
Iruiu it s policy-holders tho sum of $1,517,000.
mutual company would have coat them au ?nil
holders to retain, in their own poasOtfSion, lilli
paid them a "dividend" of ?4f?1,000. and paid i
or moro j oars. It ia impossible to lind auy ci
ance at sn low a cost hy returning to polity-he
2. Participation lu tho legitimate prolita of I
policy-holders the sumo treatment which din
This system <>f participation, in connection
necessarily secure to tho policy-holders every
alni careful management.
Tho low rates of premium compel economy,
to the policy-holder his insurance at a rate wi
mutual companies; while, hy tho proposed pl
i tho legitimate profits of tho husinusa, tho cos
i Thus hy tho combined advantages arising f
j it is confidently believed tho UNIVERSAL L
at its lowest practicable coat,
j Those of tho existing policy-holders wit
i plan can do so hy making application to tho h
The Compilait is in a sound financial co
B6T 06oD RELIABLE AGENTS 1
j New York Office, and to whom full gonei
O nice ou Richardson utroet, oppoalto Cola?
THE FIRST CAHU?NAS -If the report
we have from Rome on the subject is*
correct, Archbishop MoOioskej has been
promoted to the red bat of a Cardinal,
and he is the first Cardinal of Mother
Church chosen from the clergy of tho
United States.
Moral thought of Mrs. Malaprop (after
Bb ari og with a lady friend a bottle of
Veuve Clicquot)-"Ab, dear mel well, the
pleasures of life are sweet; but how soon
they pass away How effervescent they
arel"
Statistics show that New York has al?
most ceased to grow. From 1850 to
1860, there was an increase in population
in the ratio of 57.83 per cent.; from
18G0 to 1870, there was only an increase
of 13.03 per cent.
Bill Haley, a noted burglar, while rob?
bing a foundry in Newark, was shot dead
by a trap-gun placed there for such per?
sons.
Acaoia Lodge, No. 94, F. M.
A THE Regular Oomuiunication of tbis
Lodge, will be held in Maeonio Hall,
/V\THld (Thursday) EVENING, at 7
o'clock. By order of tho W. M.
The arrear list will be read.
_Dec28 1 F. M. DRENNAN, Jn.. 8ec'y.
Notice.
HAMPTON PLANTATION, Deo. 27,1871.
ALL per son H are hereby forbidden to shoot
or trespass upon the estate known as
Hampton's or Trenholm's Plantation, under
penalty of the law-if there in any.
Dec 28 8 J. M. MORGAN.
$500 REWARD.
THE STATE OF SOOTH CAROLINA,
EXECUTIVE DEPABTMENT.
WHEREAS information haa reached this
Department that a brutal murder was
committed on tho night of the 18th Decem?
ber, on tho person o? PATRICK MURPHY,
who was the pump-tender at Hampton's
Turn-Out,'on tho lino of the Bouth Carolina
Railroad, six milca bolow Colombia, in Rich?
land County.
The appearances indicate that a terrible j
Atrngfile must have occurred between the'
I murdered man and his murderers, and from
tho traces or blood.up thc railroad, it is sup?
posed that the perpetrator of thia foul deed
bas been wounded in) some way by the de?
ceased in his struggle, for life, which may
load to detection.
Now, therefore |f, ROBERT K. SCOTT, Go?
vernor of tho State of.South Carolina, in fur?
therance of the ends of justice, and that the
law may bo vindicated, do hereby offer a re?
ward of FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS Xor the
apprehension of the perpetrator or perpe?
trators of this barbarous murder, and their
delivery in any jail in this State, with proof
to convict.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto
set my band, andjeaused the groat
aeal of the State to he affixed, at
[L, S Columbia, this 26th day of Docem
ber, A. D. 1871, and in tho ninety
sixth ?year of the independence of
the United Htatea of America.
ROBERT E. SCOTT, Governor.
P. L. CARDUZO, Secretary of 8tate.
Dec 28 2
?RS?X LIFE
69
NEW YORK.
ie Company of the United States.
?Ens:
KKK, President.
JOHN H. BEWLEY. Secr.etarv.
E. W. LAMBERT, M. D., Medical Examiner.
lng IMPORTANT ADVANTAGES to
3 ON THEIR LIVES
o 30 per cont, less than tho ratoa charged by
kholder to the oxtont of ono Annnal Premium
tho Company to tho same extent as a Stock
Stock.
n-forfcitahlo, and contains a clause stating its
thc Agency of any Company,
-OI.I.OWINU I
that the rates of premium ordinarily charged
ti ve to thirty per cent, in excess of what aro
r thc business. In other words, carefully and
lutual" ratea have been able to return to their
uit. of the amount charged for premiums,
ganized, reliability of tho data upon which pre
ost of exporiouce. It was thought, therefore,
neale of premiums which would, in any event,
;encioa of tho business.
donbt.it was bettor to fix tho rato too high than
3, in tho former case, tho error could bo easily
policy-holders, at certain intervals, such por
icessary for tho purposes of tho business ant
demonstrated that those rates aro excessive,
ning them?
Directors and Managers of tho Universal Life
it eil a soalo of premiums in accordanco there
iipjalo, and all that was necessary to meet the
niB aro about twontv-five per cont, lower than
atablishod woro SB near aa could possibly be
hat insurance bas provioualy coat the policy
arising from prudent management justly and
lompany, for tho risk incurred by them in un
s of profit in tho practice of tho business which
elements in tho calculation of the premiums
f the members of a company owing to the me
on tho investments of the company over that
tio profit? derivable from the lapsing and eur
>thor minor sources.
iseaaed of a capital of $200,000, and doing a fair
ddora dividends largoly in excess ot what wera
rf at tho limo of its organization. They have,
icy-holders of tho company a largo part of the
of which have heretofore boen divided among
Hows: Every person who may hereafter insure
vision, be treated as a stockholder to extent of
xUare in the profits of the Company to precisely
al amount of Ui? Capital Stock.
ho Universal, tho policy-holders secure the fol
equirlng a primary outlay of about twenty .to
Li uni companies, mid which is equiv aieui. m
mint on mutual rates. This low cost of insur
r.ation. this company lias received in premiums
To effect tho same amount of insurance in a
ial outlay of *2.000,000. Uy allowing ita polioy
excess ot isj.ooo, the Universal has virtually
it, too, in advance, instead of at tho end of one
ampio of a mutual company furnishing insur
ihlers an equal amount upon similar receipts,
the company, upon a plan which secures to the
..elora and stockholders award to themselves,
with tho low "?tock" rates of premiums, must1
possible advantage to be derived from prudent
and, independent of participation, guarantee
liich is not in excess of tho coat iu woll managed
au of participation in what may bo considered
t will Lo Btill further diminished,
rom low ?tock rate and participation in profits,
I FE INSURANCE COMPANY offers insurance
io desire to participate in profits under tho new
ead oflico, or to any agents of tho company.
million.
Ratio of Assets to Liabilities 13G to 100.
?VANTED, who will deal direct with the
ral agents' commissions will bo paid.
M. W. OAKY.
M. C. BVTliBH,
Stato Superintendents of Agencies,
dna Hotel, Columbia, S. O. Deo 28
Jini Ui mm, H i ra i i II i ?if,
Auction ?al?o.
Worfc* of Ari.
BY fl. 0. PEIXOTTO ft BOH.
TO-MORROW (Friday) MORNING, at 10
o'clook, wo will sell, at our auction ?tor?,
A larg? and valuable collection of imported
OIL PAINTINGS, OU Chromos, (on canvas,)
Engravings and Photographs, by celebrated
American and European artists.
This is a direct consignment from a Mon?
treal firm, and oontains many choice pieces.
Please call early and inspect.
On exhibition TO-DAY and TO MOBBOW,
(Friday.) day of sale._Deo 38
Lot of Elegant Furniture ol Auction.
BY E. W. SEIBELS CO.
ON FBIDAY MORNING next, at 10 o'clock,
at the residence on the corner of Washing?
ton and Ball streets, lately occupied by
Capt. Sawyer, still more recently by P. M.
Porcher, Esq.:
All the Household and Kitchen FURNI?
TURE, consisting of a complete and elegant
assortment. Terme cash. Sale positive.
Deo 27_
City Lott on Ger?ai? Street.
BY D. C. PEIXOTTO BON.
On MONDAY MORNING, the 1st of January.
1872, we will sell, at 10 o'oiock, in front of
the Court House,
Two LOTS, on Gervais street; each Lot
contain fifty-two feet front on Gervaia street,
and running back two hundred and eight
feet, more or leaa; bounded on the North by
Gervaia streot; on the South by Mike Grim
stead; on the Eaat by Mayrant; and on the
Weat by Mayrant.
TEIIMH OF SALE -One-half cash; balance in
twelve mouthe, seoured by bond, bearing in?
terest at the rate of seven per cent, per an?
num, and mortgage of tho premises. Pur?
chaser* to pay us for papers and stamps.
Dec 28_
Bret, Harne?? and Horte?.
BY D. 0. PEIXOTTO SON.
MONDAY MORNING NEXT, January 1, at 10
o'clock, in front of tho Court Hesse, in th!?
city, we will positively sell,
A pair of handsome DAY HORSES, sixteen
hands high.
A splendid BRET, in nice order, and a
superior set of Doable Harness. Terms cash.
Sale positive. Deo 28
Beal Estate Sale.
BY E. W. SEIBELS CO.
On tho first day of January next, we will Bell,
to the highest bidder, before the Court
House, in Columbia,
That elegant and desirable RESIDENCE,
on the oorner of Washington and Bull streets,
lately oooupied by Captain Sawyer. The lot
meaaures 208 by 69 feet.
TEEMS.-One half cash; balance in six
months, with bond and mortgage, with inte?
rest at 7 per cent. Purchaser to pay for
stamps and papers._Deo 27 5
Plantation for Bale.
WILL bo sold at Union Court House, on
the first MONDAY in Jauuary next, to
the highest bidder, the plantation of Beaty A
Gilee, known aa the METTS PLACE, in
Laurens County, on Euoreo River, contain?
ing 1,822 acres.
This is called the fineat plantation upon
Enoree River. It includes 400 acres of first
class river and branch bottoms, 250 acres of
whioh aro in a high state of .cultivation.
Upon it aro 150 acres of virgin forest, and
1,000 acres in pince and second growth.
The uplands yield an average of 1,200
pounds of seed cotton to the acre. Tho
water is excellent, locality healthy and neigh?
borhood good.
The traot will be sold in two pt reels of
nearly eqnal value. The upper portion con?
tains 8T,7j acres, and tho lower 9544 acres.
Eaoh has a fair proportion of woodland and
bottoms.
The titles aro indisputable.
TEEMS-Credit of one and two years, with
interest from day of aale; purchasers to pay
for stamps and papers.
JAMES B. RTE ED M AN,
WILLIAM MUNRO,
Assignees of R. Beat v.
UNIOM C. H., December 15, 1871. Dec 27 3
Desirable City Lots.
BY P. C. PEIXOTTO SON.
ON MONDAY MORNING, the first day of Ja?
nuary, 1872, in front of the Court House, in
this city, at hall-neat 10 o'clook, we will
sell THREE DESIRABLE CITY LOTS.
Lot No. 1, aituated on tho corner of I'ick
ens and Taylor street?, bounded on the Noith
by the estate of C. R. Bryce, on tho Scuth by
Taylor street, on tho Eaat by Pickena streot,
on the West by Lot No. 2. The abovo Lot
measures on Plain street 69 feet 4 inches,
moro or lesa, and runa back on Pickena street
208 feet 4 inches, more or lees.
ALSO,
Lot No. 2, of the same dimensions. Weat of
the above, hounded on tho North by estate of
C. R. Bryce, on tho Routh by Taylor street,
on the Weat bv Lot No. 3, on tho East by Lot
No. Ly
ALSO,
Lot No. 3, of the aame dimeuaions, Weat of
the above, bounded on the North by estate
of C. R. Bryce, on theSoe'u by Tay I ratreet,
on tho East by Lot No. 2, on the Weat by
John Crawford.
The above Lota are very desirable Building
Lots, and well worth tho attention of those
desiring to purchase.
TEEMS OF SALE-One-third cash; balance iu
one and two years, seemed by bond, bearing
interest at tho rate of seven per cent, per
annum, and mortgage of prcmisea; pur?
chasers to pay us for papers and stamps.
Dec 24_
Sale Spartan burg and Union Railroad.
The State of South Carolina, plaintiff, against
tho Spartanburg and Union Railroad Com*
Inany and others, creditors, defendants.
N obedience to an eider dated 15th day ol
November, 1671, passed hythe Hon. Jamos
M. Rutland, Judge nf the 4th Circuit, of tho
Stato of South Carolina, thu undersigned will
sell, on tho FIRST MONDAY in January, 1872,
at Uuionvi?le, in tho County of Union, in the
State of South Carolina, before the Court
Houao door, between the hours of ll o'clock
in the forenoon and 3 o'clock iu the afternoon,
at public outcry, to tho highest bidder, the
whole of tho SPARTANBURG AND UNION
RAILROAD, including the Road-bed, Right of
Way, Grading, Budges, Masonry and Super?
structure, hing and situate iu tho Counties
of Fairfield, Union and Spartanburg; all the
stock subscribed for in the Spartanburg and
Union Railroad Company thechni tored rights
and privileges thereof; the railroad spikes,
chaira aud equipment;-, and all the property
owned by said company, as incident or neces?
sary for its business, on the following terms,
to wit: Twenty-five thousand ($25,000) dol?
lars cash, and tho balance in threo equal
semi-annual instalments, with interest on
eaoh instalment from the day of salo, to be
secured by the bond of the purchaser, with a
mortgage of tho entire property sold. Tho
pnrcbascr will also be required to pay for all
stamps and papers.
If the higheat bidder should fail to pay at
once tho twenty-five thousand ($25.000; dol?
lars aforesaid in cash, the property hereinbe?
fore advertised will immediately'bo offered,
at tho time and placo above mentioned, upon
the terms already stated, for re-sale.
JAMES M. BAXTER.
THOMAS B. JETER,
NOVEMBER 28,1871._Referees. _
HIGH 8CH00L,
JOHN B. PATRICK, Principal.
^^B?K Inatrnctor in Mathematics and
^E??feEiigliHh.
lwB| GEO. W. WALKER. Instructoi
^KsS^n Classics.
4m?W H. T. COOK, Assistant.
The exercises of this School will be re?
sumed ou MONDAY, the 1st elsy ot January,
1872. Those desiring to enter should report
promptly, as now classes will bo organized at
that time. Board and Tuition at reasonable
ratea. For circular appl io
Deo 27 PROF. JOHN B. PATRICK.
The Royal Family.
PRINCESS ROYAL, born November 21,
1810.
Prince of Wales, born November 9, 1841.
Princess Alico, born April 15. 1843.
Enncu Alfred, born August 6, 1?44.
Princess Helena, born May 25,1846.
Princess Louisa, born March 18, 1848.
Prince Arthnt. born May 1, 1850.
Prince Leopold, born April 7.1853.
Princess Beatrice, born April 14,1867.
The Crowning Glory of al. is tho "QUEEN'S
DELIGHT."
Tho Blood or the Nation made pura bj
using HEINITSH'S "QUEEN'S DELIGHT'
and Ids BLOOD and LIVER PILLS.
Nov 29 f