THE BEAUFORT REPUBLICAN,
StBSCRIPtTOXS.
t Yrmff
??i3Iontha, Si 00
ADVERTISING RATES.
Advertisement* will bo inserted at tlio rato of $1.50 per
Miiare (12 Noni?roil lines or low) for tlie 1st Insertion,
and $1.00 for each subsequent insertion. A discount will
be made to those who advertise by the year, and .special
eoutnieU will be made.
AGENT IN NEW YORK,
GEO. P. BOWELL A CO.
AU UJtmrt, relating to lite btttinrju or editorial detriment nil
be add rented to
J. C. THOMSON, Editor*
Sbf Dfaufrirt pRfpnMifan.
THURSDAY DECEMBER. 7? 1R71.
Official Paper of the State and County.
Largest Circulation in the County.
WHAT IS DEMANDED.
South Carolina new bonds selling at 29
cents on the dollar is a sad commentary
upon our financial management. Investors
have evidently lost confidence iD official
statements, and do not believe that
our debt is only twelve millions as stated
by the governor, or sixteen as reported by
the treasurer otherwise our bonds would
not be begging purchasers at a third of
their face.
We are sorry to perceive a spirit of factious
opposition to the recommendations
of the governor's message looking toward
retrenchment. It is time that crimination
and recrimination should stop between
the legislature and the executive.
Let each address itself to repentance
The people demand that additional safeguards
be thrown around the treasury.
Let a commission be created at once to
investigate and report upon its actual condition.
The men appointed to do this
work should be of such a character as will
Carry a conviction of the truth of their
statements to the mind of the financial
world. I^et us have the truth.
An amendment to the constitution
ihould at once be passed, and submitted to
the people at the next election, prohibiting
inv increase in the State debt tor at least;
ten years.
The people demand such action from
their representatives and no claims of
partisan expediency will be allowed to
shield members of the legislature from the
Censure of the people if these plain duties
?re neglected. The N. Y. Tribune in some
aevere comments upon the exposures of the 1
past few weeks well says:
We are heartily sick of the sentimental
Attempts of "party managers" to cover
up the corruption, dishonesty and extrav- 1
Wgance of the southern governments, i
The plea that exposure of these frauds
Will injure the republican party is as
wicked as it is silly. Better a thousand
times that the party be rent asunder than
that any crime for which it can be justly
held rtsponsible be covered up in its own i
house. No party can long live with such
a cancer concealed in its bosom. But the
party is not responsible for the criminal
dishonesty of a few oflicials who bear its
name; though it would be justly held to i
trict account if it should be accessory to
any attempt at concealment of the offences
to which we have called attention.
yy On Friday last, when Hon. C. C.
Bowen appeared to qualify as member of
the House from Charleston, considerable
opposition was manifested to admitting
him to a seat, on account of some informalities
in the issuance of the writ. After
a bitter debate, he was admitted by a
vote of73 to '23. Having been sworn in,
Mr. Bowen arose to explain. After alluding
briefly, but pointedly, to the opposition
he had encountered, he showed his
hand, and announced his intention of
waging a vigorous war against the lung,
whose robbtrit s he said he proposed to
unearth. He said the day had c >me when
these robbers would be made to suffer for
their conduct, and then and there pledged
himself to "go for them."
A Fatal Railkoad Accident.?On
Friday last, a sleeping car full of passen-
gers was toppled down an embaukment
near Florence, on the Wilmington and
Manchester road. A gentleman fortuneately
was able to extinguish the lamps in
V?o par nnrl thus snvpd us from
reedrding a more terrible calamity. The
weather was bitter cold, and the driving
rain, turning to sleet as it fell, formed in
icicles on the trees. The sufferings of the
wrecked passengers were intense, as most
of them had been asleep, and those in the
sleeping car were mostly undressed, and
host all their clothing.
The forward part of he train did not
tea\c the track and it came on to Florence.
Several passengers were badly
bruised, one of whom, Mrs. Dotterer, has
since died.

The Steamer Georgia arrived in
Charleston on Sunday with a party of
Swedes on board, who are to settle in one
of the southern States. We wish they
were coming to this County. We need
some new blood.
Thos. F. Davis, D. D., Episcopal Bish
op of Soulb Carolina died on Saturdaj
last The deceased was born in Wilming
ion, N. Ci, in 1804. In early life he prac
ticed law, and relinquished it to take Holi
Orders. He was consecrated Bishop o
the diocese of South Carolina, in 1853, ii
New York City.
Tiie Judges.?It is thought that in th<
approaching election for circuit judges
the legislature will re-elect judges Orr
Graham, Moses, and Melton. Judge Far
mer's place is being contested by John J
Maher, a conservative lawyer of Barnwell
Judge Rutland is likely to be succeeded bi
Col C. W. Dudley, of Malboro'. Judgi
Thomas will certainly be defeated.
B3T A metropolitan police bill is hatch
ing in Columbia. The bill will be a tran
script of the New York Metropolitan Bill
It will create a "Metropolitan District'
out of the counties of Charleston, Colletor
and Beaufort, which shall be under thi
direction and control of a Metropolitar
Board, to be appointed by the Governor
with the consent and approval of the Sen
ate. This Board is entrusted with the ap
pointment of the Police, a certain numbei
of whom will be appointed for Charleston
tig*- A white convict in the state Pen!
tentiary at Columbia, named Kemique
murdered a fellow convict, a colored man
named Smith, who occupied the same cell.
The murdered man was found in the
morning, with his throat cut and his head
staved in.
ufri*
jCaT It is at last definitely settled that
the original draft of President Lincoln's
Emancipation proclamation was destroyed
in the Chicago Are.
?The Supreme Court on Saturday, in
the case of Dabney, Morgan Co., against
the President and Directors of the Bank
of the State of South Carolina, filed a decision,
that the bill-holders and Fire Loan
Bond-hulders are creditors of the Bank,
and are entitled to its assets; that the Fire
Loan Stockholders are not creditors so as
to entitle them to a share of the assets,
but are creditors of the State. Should the
assets be insufficient to pay the Bill and
Bondholders, then the State is liable for
the difference.
Trouble in Colleton.?Treasurer
Grace of Colleton has been arrested upon
six indictments, charging him with misconduct
in office, including speclulation to
the amount of ten or twelve thousand dollars.
Jiumors of irregularity s in the
treasurer's office in that county have been
rife for some months. The matter will
ow, it is hoped, be thoroughly ventilated.
The attention of shipers is called to the
_.i??j
new ireigoi line auveruoeu uu uui tuuu
page.
JKy^The Branch House at White Bluff,
Georgia, was burned on Friday last. It
was chiefly used as a summer sea side resort.
Loss 823,000, partly insured.
We are unable to give our readers this
week the decision ot the U. S. Supreme
Court in the O'Onor case but will endeavor
to give it in full in our next issue.
It is said that the President will recommend
that the authority to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus in districts disturbed
by Ku-Klux be extended to January 1st,
1873.
?A cold snap visited the North on
Friday and Saturday last. Navigation is
in the Hudson. Manv vessels were
frozen up in the canals. In the St. Lawrence
below Quebec several ships were
caught by the ice, and the crews were rescued
in a frozen state.
SSf We are under obligations to Hon.
Robert Smalls for copies of the Governor's
m essage.
?The U. S. Grand Jury now in session
in Columbia consists of eight whites and
thirteen blacks; the Petit Juries, twenty
whites and thirty-two colon d.
Dr. F. E. Wilder our county treasurei
is at present filling his appointments ir
different parts of the county for the re
ceint taxes. We are informed that ta>
payers are paying up promptly in spite o
the advice of many of the state papers t<
defer the payment till the fifteenth of Jan
uary next. As taxes are one of the suri
things in this world we think the peoph
o?r>o!)>ln in noninn Itiom of o limn wflPI'
die OCUOlUd; AU vuviu WV M v. ?V/ MV>
they are best able to do so, and avoiding
trouble in the future.
Mr. J. D. Robertson school commission
er, is with the Doctor for the purpose o
visiting all the school districts, with t
view of making himself better acquaints
with the wauts of the people and urging
upon them the necessity of having bette:
schools and more of them.
TIME SOLD OUT.
7 Mr. Crofut sold out the estate of a dere
lect and defunct horologist on Saturday
last. The administrator of the estate is
7 said to have become quite Moody in pret
siding for so long a period over the colleci
tion of diseased, dislocated and disused
time pieces, and finally concluded to throw
them upon the market in a lot. From the
6 appearance of the stock we should say
i that the owner died of despair. The
Tombs prison on a blue Monday never
presented a greater array of "hard old
cases;" and although some of them held
their bands before their faces, it was only
7 affectation, for the jibes of the heartless
8 crowd brought not a blush to their callous
faces. One old veteran attracted some
pity from a belief that he was the original
"Watch on the Rhine." Another was
proved to be the Larboard Watch," but
was unable to excite any sympathy.
In vain the auctioneer cried "Going,
1 Going," none of them would go. In vain
he asked gentlemen to "start them." No
1 one could do so, except Whitman, and he
wouldn't without a deposit. Finally
1\!i1 87 371 a nofllr TOifVi llfo nn'ci.
TT UiV MiU VI f 2 ?vu v**v |/?if i
lege. Mr. Crofut quoted all the "wise
saws and modern instances" on the sub'
ject of the value of time. The crowd
seemed to think they had more time than
anything else, and that when compaired
to "grits," it was a drug in the market.
Whit got the lot, a bushel and a half, be|
sides a quarter of a peck of wheels and
j things, for ?19.87L
A Bad Bridge.?Last week as Mr.
Whitehead was crossing Itose Dew bridge,
near Bluffton, with a team, the structure
gave way, precipitating Mr. W., the wagon
and mules to the bottom. Mr.
Whitehead escaped injury, the mules were
only slightly bruised, but the wagon still
remained at last accounts in the water.
This bridge was carried away during
the storm last August, but the citizens
having occasion to pass that way erected
a temporary structure, which, having become
now impassable, makes it very inconvenient
for the citizens of Bluffton to
reach the railroad.
We understand a contract has been
awarded for rebuilding the bridge, and we
hope the Commissioners will see to it that
the contractor does the work at once.
Real Estate Transfers in Beaufort
County.?The following sales o
real estate have been recorded from Nov.
20 to Dec. 2d.
County Commissioners Beaufort County,
to J. D. Robertson, School Commis
sioner Beaufort County, 3*> acres, at Glllisonville,
pri< ?450.
J. G. Nichoh Co., to Toby Williams,
St. Helena, 3} acres, price ?23.
.1. E. II. Wyman, to Jacob M. Gray,
Peoples Township, 19 acres, price ?104.
Edgerly Peoples, to .Nancy Jlaynes,
Beaufort Township, house aud 2 acres,
nominal.
County Commissioners Beaufort Coun
ty, to Robert Sma Is, Coosawbatchie
Township, 1H2 acres, price ?102.
Lewis A. Phillips, to I. G. Eiswald, St.
Helena Township, 800 acres, price SO,000.
E. J. Jones, to Franklin Johnson,
Goethe Township, 100 acres, price ?400.
R. G. Holmes, to M. W. Brown, Beaufort
Township, 10 acres, price ?08. f
flfcjtT The ship Winfield Scott, which
has been aground at St. Helena Reef, is
now on Horse Shoe Flats. There are seven
feet of water iu the hold, which will be
pumped out ar d the ship docked.
Resignation.?Sheriff Whitman has
resigned and Governor Scott has appoint
1 ed George Holmes to fill the vacancy for
1 the unexpired term.
Audited Bills.?The Board of Coun.
ty Commissioners have decided that ac.
cording to law the County Treasurer cannot
receive certificates of indebtedness of
the county in payment for taxes.
The Sheriffs sales were dull as usual
the real estate sales were postponed, and
Deputy Sams only succeeded in disposing
of two prime mules at fair figures.
I
Be on hand, members of Washington
Kngine Company, at the meeting advertised
in another column. Play or pay.
JEfetTTne steam tug, Gen. Scott, owned
by the Linden Park Land Company, arrived
Monday evening from Bluffton, with
a large party of ladies and gentlemen,
who departed next morning seemingly
well pleased with Beaufort.
A pleasant slip of the tongue is record
ed by a French paragraphist. A lady was
j enjoying the society of her lover, when
the bell rang, and the servant announced
"The doctor." "Tell him I am ill, and
cannot see him," was madame's reply.
f A Dunbury father was recently comi
plaining of the hours kept by his son,
j when a neighbor suggested what he
thought would be a proper wav to keep
him from his haunts. "Oh," exclaimed
r the afflicted father, "It is uot his aunts,
I but another woman."
meeting op county commissioners. 1
opt
Tuesday, Dec. 5,1871. In the
Adjourned meeting. uon< Mr.
Board met at 11 o'clock, a, in. All the to quash I
members present. Minutes of last meet- and othei
ing read and approved. Application re- were: Tl
ceived from the County Treasurer for a was not n
liquor license for J. M. Crofut. On mo- only thre<
tion the same was granted, and a license were nar
issued. come to tl
The following bills were audited and stead of t
allowed ceived the
E. M. Smith, surveyor of highway 830 00 law only;
44 44 44 25 00 tive in stt
44 for services in opening to vote as
road from the town to that the 1
the railroad 27 00 laws do n
T. A. Dudley, surveyor of highway .3*2 25 j to vote; t
II. C. Koth, 44 44 32 00 dictment
Sunday Allston, special constable 18 30 be again?
W. D. Gregorie, trial justice, 33 50 South Cai
John Glover, special constaUe, 3 50 "dignity i
James W. Brown, 44 3 50 fifteenth
liobt. Robinson, 4' 8 50 not secur<
P. M. Whitman, dieting prisoners 128 40 vote exco]
Checks were issued for the following that the
bills: stating m
S. M. Wallace provisions furnished courts an*
prisoners, 11 10 must redr
Moses Scott, ferryman White Hall, 3 75 security fi
Ilardy Phelps 44 4> 3 75 lace was
Myron Powell 4 4 44 7 50 Mr. Sta
Bachus Mitchell, 44 44 15 00 in an elat
Stephen Henry, repairing ferry boat, 3 00 length
John Brodie, work on almshouse, 74 05 occupied
A. W. Muckenfu98, 500 stamped teply to
envelopes 10 00 District i
B Franklin, watchman, 20 00 j same side
F. E. Wilder, treas., sundries 20 40 ments wa
The Board adjourned to meet at three in the exs
o'clock, p. m. statute.
the defen<
The Board met pursuant to adjourn- If the 1
ment. All the members present. Houses ol
Requisition received from P. M. Whit- predicted
man, Sheriff, for six pairs of blankets for of bills th;
the use of the jail. Ou motion the same it seems v
was granted. tack is to
Miss Catherin Houseal tfas admitted to State oflic
the Alms House on the recommendation complicit;
H. M. Stunrt, Jr., County physician. ened a mi
The following bills were audited and odd bills i
allowed: Legislatu
J. E. McGregor, services as clerk, 88 00 directly a
J. W. Collins, for lumber furnished, 35 50 Parker, a
M. Pollitzer, for four trees, 12 00 the IIousi
Checks were issuid in favor of M. M. to be witl
K'ngman for dieting poor during month plaining t
of November, 1871, 523 00. erative at
Requisition from It. II. Gleavcs, judge blunders
of probate for one hundred official enve thors. A
lopes, on motion granted. obtain tf
Commissioner Muckenfuss re qu' sted his Yot k and
vote to be recorded against the acceptance Secretary
of the bill of M. Pollitzer. authorizii
The following was adopted to leave t
llesolvfd, That this board petition the unsigned
legislature for authority to fuud the debt placed in
of the county, and for power to levy a tax j state, to 1
of one mill on the dollar ou the gross as- tain from
st ssment of th 8 county, to pay the inter- 1 nioneys p
est on the same semi annually, and to secure po;
create a sinking fund. guarantee
The board adjourned to meet on Mon- to t^e jjp
day Dec. lllh, at 11 o'clock A. M. payment
J. E. MctriiEOOit, ture out r
Clerk. In the 1
reduce th<
7 HE PR ESI I) EST S MESS A G E. to punish
In his message the President states that COnin?is-?i?
the relations of the United States with t,jaj
foreign powers continue friendly. He re- a8SOciatii?
fers to the settlement of the Alabama (hs *mi11rei
pule by the tr uly of Washington, and (U,.?ls to
says th.it tne example thus set may he q-|u. (1i(
followed by otlier civilized nations, and ?ot.jate jit
finally, be the means of leturnmg to pro- 1 u
ductive. industry millions of men who are fMif the tj
now retained to settle national disputi s })V l(K. a((,
by the bayonet and broadside. He com-
mends the United States minister and
consul at France for their course in protecting
the interests of (iet man subjects in
Paris. Tie speaks of the continued fiiend
ly relations between Russia and the United
States; referring to the visit of the
Grand Duke Alexis, and to the hospitable tixtva
reception given to him. He recommends
the education of four American youths in
China, and he gives the history of the
dilficulty in the C'orea, and leaves the sub- ('ICi.
ject to the action Congress. As to Cuban
affairs, he says that he has instructed the NET
American naval commanders in Cuban
waters to protect the lives and liberties of
bona fide citizens of the United States,
lie recommends Congress to take measures
to support the liues of steamships be- 3P-A-Itween
San Francisco and China and San whit
Francisco and Japan; also, to take steps o) r-f i
to bring about a returu to specie pay-
ments; also, to unite the telegraphic sys- aU(l 'J^flss
?:.L ~-1 4. ?r ii.. it>l, n
lem Willi uie postal system ui loo uimeu
State9. He defends the policy pursued in c
reference to the stoppage of Ku-Klux out- j
rages, and expresses the belief that, out of ,{.y vir,"?
the very numerous arrests made, no inno- j
cent person is now in custody. In regard 0x72), in-imto
po ygarav in Utah, he relates the ac- l",ur!4ofsal,,i
tion of the Federal courts and authorities J. nku
there, and says that the Mormons will ah the i-w
not be permited to violate the laws under
the cloak of religion; but suggests whether un^ku.Jn
children already born under the Mormon J5system
shall not be legitimatized. He
recommends the abolition of all internal
revenue taxes, except those on spirits,
malt liquors, tobacco and stamps; also, i 01 ^N AT
the revision of the tarifF. He says that
the Indian peace policy has, thus far, re- ,r:nV<7hm<i
suited favorably, and he recommends the h aiir.?rt ami
formation of a territorial government in 'JlV/iih iTvYan'
the Indian Territory. He suggests the Crtvk, contai
removal of all political disabilities, under j nwrcorie*.
the fourteenth constitutional amendment.
s.ixtox noi'si-;. 1 i:uiyals.
J A Allien, C C Waters, F A \\illia?i>, lawn.- Ed-ell,
\V (i Itobinsnn, II I* Itobinson. St. Helena; I> M Sali*- traet i?f lain!
bury, Providence, It. I.; <"apt It I. P.urtis, S W Whitwcll, Stat--afor?~?a
New York; Dullbrd .Tontiiiijr--, Cliarle>io?; M <i Wood, r-!"t |\y i'tiic'k
I*. It. It. It.; I> Ilnmstock, Amherst, Mass; It \Vhit:tkrri May Itiver.
(1 II IlarstnitT, I> II Sltowi'inA wife, A K Cole, Linden r'b'ha
Park; A \V Muckcnfuss, llanleville; Maj Milli n,Savan-
nalt.
NOTICE.
IlIIi: MEMBER.* or THE WASHINGTON FIRE Cnehniis"
Enyine Co., No. 2, are hereby summoned ti? attend north by lot
a special meeting of tlie Company, to he held at the<'nun- V
cil room on .Mnmhr evening; next, I>econilH.-r, It. at 7 i B'jckuer.
oVIock P. M. Poncttial attend!nee will bo required tin- ,5-', n'"^
dor penalty of fine. Bv order I sj-jhriolla I
S. B. Wtur.irr, J. Ik MiGkkg?>r, I Teriascasr
.Secretary. Foreman.
Dec.7-1. 1 *ov.S-9.
FllO.11 COLCMB1A.
Colombia, Dec. 5.
Ku-klux trials yesterday tHs
Stanbury, for the defence, moved
Lhe indictment against Crosby
s. The grounds of the motion
tie name of the person injured
lentioned in the indictment;that
of the qualifications of a voter
ned; that the grand jury had
le conclusion as to the law, inis
to the facts; that voters re;ir
qualifications under the state
that the indictment was defecting
the deprivation of the right
taking place at a future date;
Juited States Constitution and
ot secure to any citizen the right
hat the burglary count in the inwas
defective as being stated to
it the "dignity of the State of
-olina," instead of against the
of the United Stabs;" that the
jonstitutional amendment does
to colored persons the right to
[it as subject to the state laws;
indictment is not specific in
ere intimidation; that the state
i not the United States courts
ess personal grievances, such as
mm ano r/?li Xrn f haf A Q ll'.l
lviu o^ai wUf vvv? vnav u? it oiw
i lawfully qualified candidate,
nbury supported his objections
>orate argument of two hours*
Attorney-General Cahmberlain
about two hours in an elaborate
Ir. Stanbury. After a recess of
ittorney C'orbin followed on the
The main point in both argo
8 that the indictment was drawn
ict words of the congressional
Jlcverdy Joht.son will cloee for
;e to morrow.
temper and intentions of both
the present Legislature can be
from the language of the host
at are being crowded upon them,
rery evident that a desperate atbe
made upon every one of the
ials whose position makes his
y in the frauds recently unearthitter
of probability. Of the fifty
md resolutions presented to the
re about one half were aimed
t Governor Scott or Treasurer
nd a dozen more were offered iu
i by enthusiastic members, only
lidrawn upon the speaker's exhat
they would be wholly inop-
id futile by reason of technical
fallen into by their hasty au,moug
the new bills are: Bill to?
le sterling bonds now in New
1 put them in the hands of the
of State; bill to repeal the act
[tg the Governor in certain cases
he State; bill to require that all
bonds in the treasury to be
the custody of the Secretary of
be cancelled by him; bill to oh
the treasurer a full exhibit of all
aid out since September last; to
?s< ssion of the Blue Ridge bonds
d by the State; to repeal the aid
le Ridge Railroad; to secure the
of the expenses of the Legisla>f
the incoming taxes.
[louse, bills were introduced to j
e salaties of county treasurers; J
s? dnction on the promise of nmr* jM
define the jurisdiction of coun\f
tiers; to reduce certain fees of
ces, and to incorporate various
ns. Th? wajs and means commrted
r?vorab]v on the anundllie
assessment law.
eli mi of c>rc-iit judges and ofas-tires
of the supreme c ?urts is
take place no the 18ih instant
me will probably be postponed
Lion of the House to-inorrow.
S. MAYO,
TllEET\ BE A UFOHT, S. C.
DCSSrSS, XXT ?t>0?S,
:IK, 11Aiir WWIF, AND woooF.WVAHK.
IRS
TOBACCO,
i'AHNS, FISII LINES, j
AND CORDAGE.
G L ASS,
KTTS AND OILS,
E LKAI) WD TI UPKNTISE.
attention given to mixing Painty
cat to order at any size.
HERIFF'S SALE.
of sundry writs of executions to me diroetr*! 1
public out-cry in front of mv office in tho jf
ifort on the first .Monday in .fantiarv next, 3
the 1st day of said month, between ifie U-gal j
the following i>rojH'rty to wit:
'TON I:VANS, r.f. \V. MARPLE.
I.f #.'il Mud int-iriwf i?f W W \fsrnln In
antatioti or tract of land situate, lying and
<*?>nntv <>f Beaufort and State of South Carols
"Clarendon," t> >11 ii<!>*<1 north by land* of
.east and south hv land* ofS. I>. Gilliert,and
ilr branch Creek, containing three hundred
c (:M1) acre* more or leas.
a i >0
r.nirorsn mahpm: k itonixsos
lit title and interest of W. W. Marple and J.
|t?bin*on, in and to all that plantation or
situate, lying and living in the County of
I Slab* of South Carolina, known as "Claren- t
*1 north bv lands ofB. W. Pierce, Cast and
Is of S. I>. Gilliert,and west by Whale Branch
iuiug three hundred and forty-one (341;acm*
M
It, rx GABIUIXLA MAYEK, NOW GA- ^Hj
BItlKLLA CHANCELLOR.
lit, title and interest of (iahriella Maye* now
'haticellor," in and to all that plantation or
situate lying and lieing in the county and
id. and known as Hunting Island. Bounded
ads of James Stouev, ami estate Win. Pope,
imrliam plantation. south and south east by
vest I y lands ofTfiaddcus Buckner, and I>r.
nl, riiiiiaiiiiiiK two thousand eight hundred
more or loss.
A I.SO
SAME r* SAME.
and lot io the Town <>f Bluff! on. Bonndrd H
it i?r. Anderson, ea.it by lot of estate of Mja V
iv Mr; o|r\ r> -idvnco, and west by lot of T.
LntrwiUinintt one acre more or lew*,
as the properly of tiahriclla Maters, now I
liancellor," at the suit <>t"T.J.S. l-arr. B
i- purchases to uv fur stamps and titles. JM
P. M. WHITMAN,
Sherirt" Bfl. Cov 1
V
1