NJtrhmond Jjispfch,
TBl'RSPAY NOVEMBER 23, 1871,
WASHINGTON.
v H- O V'FICK ANNUAL KKTORT.
*\nop?isof the annual report of the
ri.irv ot" War to be. submitted to Con- 1
:ii it* IVccmbcr meeting has already
a set urc -i by some of the enter prising
,hi ^t an correspondent*. War material
(I prep l'-'tti >us ni >ke but little show, but 1
.mv practical scientific matters, such as j
;1 iu r reports, marine sitjuals, Ac., oc
x car.sidoraMo spnee in the report,
i recommended tint army gjRURlser-;
made a pari of the study at West;
IN-iiii. <?re:d advance has been made in
rwo.-.'h r rc|*orts,the transmission (from
stations) and publication of,
h w s first put in practice November
i>70. rho issue of synopsis and proba
hrcc times a day has bt en continued
1". bruarv 2<>. and through the press
.,v ..mh? eo ;?i?*s have been laid before the
u n of the provabilities, 69 percent.
:;\c Wen verified by the result, and 21 per
in addition partially verified, strik
jv sh. w in sr the usefulness of the work.
I i*ii launie ?tion i> now had direct froui
.i office at Washington with the
the. Pacific on the west, and c?st
V{.) j to the coast of Chin* and Japan the
k ?f the P?c' tic cable Leiug wanted
the world.
signals arc now displayed from
nty poits on the Atlantic, C*ulf, and
The rise and fall of western rivers!
t i f ;c reported hereafter, and there
st h! ion* throughout the country;
t (I the bent-fits of this sysrem to the
i; ur.d community. Doubtless enough
rt\ ha> bfi n saved this year by thts
more Than put t lie total expendi
ng for the weather service.
iriartermnter-Gcncral reports that
t,v<rj5 lr>? been appropriated and d's
iiH-d during the vear, while there remain
i tied 5,055 money accounts and
*15 1 rope 1 t> returns.
lmrin^ theM-u* 1,763 horses wore pur
r -Mit -r the cavalry, at a cost of $160,
y- 24. l ite average" price in Texas was
ir. Department of Columbia, $75;
ivpaitmcnt of the Platte. $135 13 Depart
(i.t ?>f t he ^li?^ou;i, $142.50 Department
alWotnia, ?102.19. Transportation for
vt ,r has cost 91,938,010.35, of which
t b>.. 300.04 was for services over the Pa
i i; railroads.
southern railroads which were
wed to purchase for t tie United States
\m iitv-evcu have paid their debts in full,
a h in erest, amounting to $2,405.507 93.
nt\ luur are still in debt to the United
the amouut due being $4,724,350.03.
THK KIKM.'X AKKESTS.
At the last Cabinet meeting Attornoy
Akertnau reported that he had
pnsoncrs in Souih Carolina alone cap
un <i under the kuklux act. A debate tol
owt'd as to the ability of the courts or of
i (i. i.i ral Government to take care of so
l.tr^e a prop.ution of the population, and a
:al disposition was ujanifested to have
.in est* somewhat restricted, and, if pos
confined t<> those ascertained to be
n- in tee kuklux order.? Washington
'it' riot*
a lid the northern people, who only can
i aifvls 'bis terrible state of things, sit in
vks.. idleness whilst these despotic acts
i perpetrated. They :ire smitten with
i lit i -i blindness. Tliey have lo-t. the
?st i of ice 'ghising crimes against liberty
in n to emitted in their own sight,
i'u.i thousand poor innocent people In
j What a country! "What a land of
;ii lies what a home ol the bravo
j. N i IK KPT ON 150NDS FXF.MPT FROM TAXA
TION AS WELI. AS THE BONDS.
\-:!i.' ifTov. November 21.? All bonds
r, i u.'erest thereon is*;ued under act. of
i i h, 1^70, etui led "Au act toautho
tlj.' rciunding of the national debt,"
?by ili.i'. act declired exempt from the
ni. lit of all taxes or du'ies of the United
i :is well a.s from taxation in any form
uiH!t*r*the State, municipal, or local
:i.;i rics (Section 1, chapter 250, S;x
uth r utrs. psurc 272) The Commis
r Internal Kt venue rules that this
id ion em t?races the interest as well as
?ijt- principal of the ne w bonds, and that
interest need not be iucluued in the
mil* upon which dividends or other
c required to be paid.
BOVrWELI.-rLE AS ANTON CASE.
tin tiuie for the meeting of ihe Senate
v.iavs i e <r, eonsiticraMe interest begins to
:u- m.tcred in the lloutwell-Plcasanton
and its disposition bf fore the Senate.
i? i-j.-H ted here that Pleasanton is dra.v
U;1 is arguments fo.* presentation bC
u' that body, and bis friends feel confi
tli ut ht cau siist i: ti the position taken
h lu while Commissioner of Internal
?"?venue. On the other bund, it isconsid
eertaiu t y tiiose in Dou?Ia?s"s favor
inter w il be confirmed o.v the
i. i' 'j backed up by Secretary ISout
i othcio equally intl iential. It is
i ieiit nere suiotig tho>e in highau
in c-pgre-sional circles that the
t iu.v be succesjfully compromised
tue nomination and coufiriiiati.?n of a
not dLiec.ly Interu^tcJ. Washington
-.not
I.V1XG THE MOBMON DIFFICULTY.
\V asiunoton, November 21. -The pro
?i?uie for the solution of the Mormon
uir'es bas beeu partially agreed upon,
it i> tulieV'd that it wilrfiually be
:?ipted t?v the ?rmo'i leidcrs. As soon
ntrc ?s meets a bill will be Introduced
t nablc the p* ople ot L'tah to form a
i*r i icistitutiou and apply for admission
u.'o the Uniun. The Territory has already
n quin-d population, ll a now State
n menl i- formed, polygamy can either
abolished in the local constitution or by
'it.* after a day to bo turned, provided
tin- present wives and children ot tue
nut us are rccognized as legal, so that
;'tlv und adulter} shall not be assumed
xist, and the line of inheritance in real
i personal property be stricken down.
i policy, it i> declared, will virtually do
v. r. u?th polvganiy, and at the same time
p.tVft the rights ot innocent persons.
li nfhiwjlon tchyram? Baltimore Sun.
NEW PATENTS.
It li'wjv car-brake, Israel Townsend,
l?? iile, Va. horse bay-rake, Lucien A.
cket, Wythe coun'v, Va. shaft tug
harness, Charles C. Lee, Falls Church,
traveller tor cut and drav-shatts,
U iiutui B. 31cClure, Alexandria, Va.
DESIGNATION.
-c-sor W. W. Puu-lass, of the first in
,i 1 revenue district of Virginia, has
red his resignation, which has beeu
ted.
1 he Internal Revenue Ofiice has issued a
il i" letter to all collectors of internal
n ue requesting them to inform tho ot
as ;(,ii as possible what quantity of
in i y f i'oiu (:uit w is m tnuf?ctured in
li.-ir si verai d'stricts between July 20,
-o. a: l.inlj l. 1S60. giving the wine and
o.'i dioiis and amount of tax paid.
Fikk I'uoof Invkntok. A genius in
!i i liiiifd i hat ho liuJ discovered a
??-proof sub-dance for building. Jle
j i iiit it:? (1 a sinful ir silence as to the ma
i ?l- u?fd in the composition, hut vouch
-i t.t Impart the f< iJowin-.':
This substance or composition does not
urn nor bend, and vvben subjected to the
1 1 i heat (I'jc.s not beconiw hot or glovv
1 If wood be pi. teed on one side of this
rnpo-iiion, audthena stroup continuous
i- kept ii]) on the other side thereof,
?"i the heat bo kept up b>r a longtime,
I* ii the wood will not ignite, nor even be
in red by tin* heat. Il was as heavy as
it Si. it would not absorb water, nor
<>u!d it be buried or cracked. There was
i her oil nor other in ill unliable injure
nts in its composition, and its deliauce
tire was complete. When exposed it
??ami; us haul as the hardest stone.
!i miM all building# be covered with this
?j -tunee lire insurance companies would
oon cease to exist."
The inventor, however, is in a quandary
luMveto bis invention, as the sun terribly
<-s hi* lire-p! oof composition. By this
t will be seen that the initials of the jjreat
?ir- -pr.>of material are 1. V. K."
f/'jij. L. Vallandi^ham's estate settles'
liiii li more favorably than it was ?ene- j
!i> supposed among his friends It would. I
has been found to be wort hover 9100,000, i
vthl?h tfo<r< to hltf sen Charlei. i
VIRGINIA NEWS.
Letter from Petembnrr,
Comxpondeact of the Richmond Dispatch.
Petersburg, November 22d, 1871.
At the October term of tho County Court
?f Dinwiddie application was made by a
number of citizens for an order of court
changing the present fence law, adopted in
accordance with tho act. of January 20th,
18(56, to the old-fashioned system which ob
tained in Virginia prior to the legislation
referred to. This application was made in
conformity with an act approved March
29th, 1871, allowing Dinwiddle and
certain other counties specified in tho
act to rewind their adoption ot tile fence
law under certain conditions. The appli
cation was resisted by a number of citi
zens* interested in retaining the law as it
now stands, and the issue excited much
concern, a large number ot people attend
ing court. The applicants were repre
sented by Messrs. Isnnc S. Keeler, William
F. C. Gregory, and Braoch J. Kpps, and
tlio opponents of the change applied for by
Messrs. It. II. Jones, Jr., and Richard
Schell. The argument Was made before the
coutfc on Monday last, and was very spirited
and earnest. Ju jge Boisseau, in view of
the importance of the matter, took it under
advisement, and will render his decision at
December court.
A negro was tried for breaking Into Mr.
Ettenborongh's store, and being found
guilty, was sentenced to one year5* im
prisonment in the penitentiary.
Four tracts of land, containing 1,407
acres, mostly uuimproved, were sold at
Dinwiddie court by Messrs. Epps Jones,
commissioners. The property belonged to
the estate of Paschal Tucker, and was pur
chased by Messrs. James Tucker and J. A.
Smith. The average price was ?2 per acre,
tho same land having been bought before
the war at ?1.50 por acre. These sales
I seem to indicate that Dinwiddie lunds are
rising in value.
Seven town lots near the city were sold
to-day by Alexander Donuan, commis
sioner, to Mr. J. W. Tucker, for $450.
Judge Weisiger's court has been in ses
sion to-day, but no important business was
before it.
I learn that a charter was granted by
Judge Asa D. Dickinson at Farmville yes
terday for the organization of tbo Farm
ville Banking and Insurance Company.
Mr. A. B. V enable is president of the in
stitution. Its capital is to be not loss than
$-00,000 nor in>re than $500,000. The Insti
tution will at once begin operations.
A large quantity of tobacco is coming
into town. The quality is said by the to
bacco men to be better than that of any
sea-on since the close of the war.
Several cf tho vacant lots and burned
block- about, town are about to be boilt up
an additional evideuce of the town's pros
perity.
The Acadcmy of Music has had some
tenant almost uninterruptedly since its
opening, and the entertainments, theatri
cal and otherwise, have been generally well
attended.
A business college is soon to be opened
hero. Kobin Adaik.
Giiayson County, Va.? The northern
mail w.is several hours behind time yester
day, and the devil came after us so often
for "copy" when we had none that we
were induced to give liim the following arti
cle for publication. That's how It was.
But perhaps the reader will like it. Head
It, and see:
Messrs. Editors,? Please allow a young
lady a space in your columns. I wish to
?ay" something respecting Grayson and
the Graysonitcs, as they are familiarly
termed. I mean no disparagement
whatever to the citizens of tho ad
jacent counties in eulogizing Grayson.
Other counties of Southwest Virgiuia may
surpass her in education, wealth, and rc
ti t ment, but she bears off the palm in
many other respects. The people are dis
tinguished for kindness, hospitality, and
good feeling generally. They are indus
trious, enereetic, and persevering iu man
ners and customs entirely different from
the East Virginians. Unaffected simplicity
is one of their chief characteristics. Jn
this they differ from the former, who are
lorul of "display devotees at the shrine of
folly and fashion. There is no moneyed or
would-be aristocracy here, the line "of dc
markation between the upper and lower
classes of society being faintly visible. You
never hear of commonalty, quality, and no
bility here, r^hut out, as it were, fruiu the
frivolities of fashiouable life by these beau
tiful mountains and towering hills, they
enjoy the simple pleasures of lile, and
j dream not of the wealth and luxury
which dazzle only to lead astray.
I The climate is delightful here during the
j spring and summer months winters some
I what severe. My pen Is inadequate to do
justice to tho grand and picturesque scene
ry so I'll not attempt. There are many
pearly brooks and rushiut: mountain
streams dancing merrily through the s\ Ivan
shades; or, JsFagara-likc, llowiug majesti
cally down the hilly slopes.
L 1 ves tr.ere a man with soul en dead
Whenever to himself tiath said
Tats In my own my iintive land?"
yot I do not think the people appreciate
their country, at least its beautiful scenery.
They are too domestic and practical to have
an eye for the beautiful and grand,
i Independence, the county-seat, is quite
pretty little village, surrounded by beau
j tiful scenery. Mos-t villages are noted for
j gossip, but'this one is free from it, I think.
The citizens are remarkably quiet aud
peaceable. They harmonize admirably in a
?ocial point of view. 1 believe they differ
i somewhat in relieion and politics. The
Baptists and Methodists are the prevailing
denominations, but the Presbyterians, 1
i think, will establish a church after awhile,
and perhaps have the ascendancy. It will
be on advantage to the place to* build up
churches. I wish them much success.
Tin: lailroad prospect is much talked of,
and it it should be successful, of which
there is but little doubt, Independence will
bo a considerable town.
Bailboap Injunction.? Judge Keith, of
the Circuit Couit, dissolved the injunction
grunted by Judsre Cockeriilo, of the County
j Court, to restrain the Alexandria and
I Fredericksburg Railroad Company from
I further track-laying on the Washington
j and Alexandria turnpike. Alexandria
Sentinel.
I Prisoner Escaped.? We understand that
a prisoner by the name of liambrick, of
j Franklin county, sentenced to the peni
tentiary lor live years, on his way to uicli
mond under i he charge of Sheriff Hartwell,
I of Franklin, made his escape from the cars
I at Big Lick yesterday morning. It is said
that the sheriff and his attendant were
i a>leep, and that the prisoner took away
j their pistols with him.? Lynchburg Vir
ginian. _________________
A Youdic Lady Takes "Frinco
OcorK?" to Xavk.
For ihe Dispatch.
Iu the "Richmond Daily Dispatch of .No
vember 9Ui there wa9 au article (extracted
from a Cincinnati paper) written under
the above ncm de plume. 1 have beeu
waiting for some Virginian to retort, but
time proves thev all have sense and modesty
enough to treat his opinion with the notice?
only? which it deserves. It was needlessfor
44 Prince George to state that "business
brought him here." Alter perusing his
magnanimous description any one would
know that a person who now can make no
more allowance for 44 the Old Dominion
than he does, surely takes only a business
look" everywhere. One who views thiols
thougbtlully and philosophically would
rc member that Virginia was used as a bat
tie-ground for several long, dreadful, heart
breaking, despair-making, years, lie ought
to remember that Virginia has not had
time to recover from the dilapidation and
general misery caused by a civil war. If
Prince George ever read Genesis he
may remember Joseph's reply to his breth
ren's description of themselves, and apply
it to himseil 44 Nay, but to see the naked'
ness of the land ye are come."
The Virginians do not pretend to be
blessed with a miraculous amount ol pa
tience, such as Joseph showed. They can
not conquer so very heroically and inline,
oiitely an aversion contracted during the
years that Alars was big man. Probably
something about "Prince George's" ap
pearauee, language, or general bearing, re
minded the people he met of those they
had termed 41 the enemy" during the di
minutive unpleasantness, as offlco-sGekIng
politicians term it occasionally. We natu
rally show our worst side to an enemy. If
this 44 Prince George" came to Virginia
expecting to buy land, or to establish some
northern man here, probably the fanners
ilSK 8^ch *fqnel totho story, and
from I? londa, not from Maine. Have been
here several months, and 'rtltl see nonTof
the numerous -faulte this jocular Yankee
stumbled on every breath. On the con
trary, I find the people here remarkabh
brisk and as to their hospitality, they com
pare favorabiv with any, even it some
{>art? of Yankeedom should beat Virginia
n this respect. The Virginians feel too
much crushed with poverty to show their
usual chivalry and generous hospitality.
Speaking of ignorance, I think the younp
people grown here during such bloodshed
and trouble are far more intelligent than 1
ever would have expcctcd. If this bur
le?quer will omit his sweet comrades of
African descent, I think the mogt of the
Vireinia people here keep the fourth com
mandment too well to be spending their
time scribblintr ludicrous descriptions of
other peopled laziness. I don't know what
this man terms pride." There are a few
of those who claimed to be F. F. V.'s, who
>*hovr a little distinguishing stiffness wan'
of nfftibilitv? a sort of an uncomeatadle
nets/' But this class is diminutively smalL
Foor rebs. This stiffness and a decent edu
cation is nearly all they can now call
their own. So, instead of giving them
a blowing up, as this rover tried to,
I pity them, and pray that they may
soon have humility to equal their
poverty. 1 perused that dismal account of
your traveller to a Virginia man to note
the effect. When I finished, he exclaimed
Confound that Yankee! He tried to
sponge on some Virginia fellow and
couldn't do It, and I'm glad he could not."
I am a Florida girl, but I hope Prince
George" will stay away from our sunny,
bright land of flowers. He would see there
the briars, not the flowers the thorns, not
the wild fruit. He would see the snakes
and alligators, not the deer. He would see
the cows on tne ranges," in the bog. He
would be blind to our beautiful, clear,
grand springs, with fish in them. He would
m9kc it a point to arrive there durinc a six
weeks' rain and return, declaring that it
rains in Florida all the time. If he went
to a Mii>ar-boiling" he would .?-ee all the
dirt, and never mention the cane, the deli
cious hot syrup, or the sugar. Prince
George certainly ou^ht to try for Heaven
he will never see brightness here.
He certainly ha<? gloomy talentp. I prav
they may turn to bright ones. I hope this
will roach his sad eyes, and when he views
it let him remember
"Honlcoltqal mat y pea^e.
Bigoty.
Qordonszille, Ya., November, 1671.
Thermopylae" Is lnd<snanl>He
Goes i'or Prince Ueoiife."
XlArPAHANNOCK COUNTY, Va.,>
November 15, 1871.
Editors of the Dispatch I have thought
it incumbent upon somebody to notice a
most scurrilous production in your weekly
paper of the 10th instant, copied from the
Cincinnati Commercial signed "Prince
George." The writer, in giving a description
of the country between Culpeper Court
house and Sperryville. in this county, does
the people great injustice? nay, be is guilty
of the most palpable misrepresentation and
slander. He says thut imperative business
brought him to this county; nothing else
could or would keep him here. He has
the effrontery, impudence, and baseness
to say in his calumnious letter to the
Cincinnati Commercial that he took
leave of the county with as little
reluctance as anv one would feel in lcavlag
a cannibal island. Now, who this Prince
George is, what his business was in this
county, if he had any legitimate, I do not
know"; but relative to his leaving. I have
no doubt every man, woman, and child
who was so unfortunate as to have been
contaminated by his presence or contact
was rejoiced when he did leave, and tell
his room to be good company, and prayed
that this part of the dear Old Dominion
might never be descccrated by his tread.
He says the people between the two places
are lazy, filtny, inhospitable, and ignorant.
I know the country well, and the farmers
residing on the turnpike connecting them.
That they are now poor, and that their
farms are in a dilapidated condition, is true,
compared to what they were before the war.
How could it be otherwise when their
residences (many of them) were demo
lished, fencing "burned, all their timber
destroyed horses, cattle, sheep, hogs, poul
try, taken from them? all this done >*y Pope,
Meade, and Grant, and their Vandalic
hordes. As to the people, they are kind
and hospitable and true Virginians. Near
villages and on the turnpikes may be found
many negroes and low whites of the char
acter described by this vile calumniator.
Not knowing who be Is, or what bis busi
ness was, but from the tone of bis slander
ous letter he is probably a low-flung car
pet-bag officer? a miserable revenue reptile,
prowling throueh our country prying and
clandestinely peeping into oiir stores and
taverns to see if they can find a bundle of
tobacco or a gallou of brandy upon which
the tax hid not been paid? Is it strange
people anywhere would not extend hospi
tality to such an audacious inquisitor f
But why say more about the production
of this doubtless mendacious interloper.
Everybody that knows the country and the
people about which he speaks also knows
what he savs to be a palpable misrepre
sentation. We have had now three con
secutive years ol disastrous crops of corn
and wheat, exorbitaat taxes to pay, living
ujider a Constitution made by carpet-bag
gers and miserably ignorant ueirroes, not
adapted to our wants or condition. Is it un
accountable that we are poor and op
pressed? Thermopylae.
Heroism of a Cimdnetor-IIe Saves
fills Train.
Corre?pondence of the Wew Y'>rk Times.
Chenango Fokks, N. Y.,)
Monday, November 20, 1871.
A conductor on a freight and passenger
train ou the Syracuse and JBinghamton
railroad, performed a daring feat a few days
since by which a fearful catastrophe was
averted. The train, consisting of twenty
four stock cars and one passenger car,
which was filled with passengers, was be
tween this station and Whitney's Point,
going at a tolerable high rate of speed,
when the engineer, William Hardy, dis
covered a rail entirely out of the track
some distance a bead. He immediately
reversed his locomotive, but upon
second thought, determined to at
tempt running the train over the place
where the rail was missing, and xft once
turned on a full head of steam. The engi
neer and tireman, however, aid not remain
to see what success the experiment would
meet with, but jumped off the engine,
leaving it without any one to control it.
The train bounded over the disconnected
track at a fearful rate of speed, every car
retaining its position on the track. The
dangerous spot was passed, but with no
one upon the loooinotive to control its
speed. A most terrible fate awaited the
train somewhere. The state of affairs
became known to the passengers and
a pauic was at once raised. At
Whitney's Point there was every pro
bability that the track would not
be In readiness for the train, a3 at the rate
it was going it would reach there some
minutes before its time. In this extremity
conductor John Vrooman proved himself
to be a hero. He was In the passenger-car
at the rear of the train, but climbing up
the ladder of the freight-car next in ad
vance, he ran the whole length of the run
away train on the tops of the cars, and was
soon in the locomotive cab, seized the
throttle, and in the next moment had the
train under control. A less heroic man in
charge ot the train, and it is impossible to
tell what the result of the extraordinary
runaway might have been.
The two periodical comets, though not
yet visible without the aid of.a telescope,
are daily Increasing in brightness. Encke's
comet is traversing Vulpecula and moving
In the direction ol Anser. It was nearest
the earth on Wednesday last, and will be
nearest the sun on the 28th of next month.
The pathway of Tutfle's comet lies along
the eastern skies, before the ri-ing sun.
Since its apposition It has passed among
the stars forming the Sickle, across the Sex
tans, Into the southern hemisphere. Just
now it forms an equilateral triangle with
two brilliant stars, Kegulus and Alpha
Hydra. Next Thursday it reaches the con
lines of the Crater, and then is nearest the
earth. Its noareet proximity to the sun is
on the 17th ?f December.
Carl Schmx. lectured in Newark Mondiv
night. He said the system of appointments
in vogue was full of rottenness, and urged
fceneut men to oppow such a system.
A Frightful Leap.? Aa a police officer
was strolling near "We?tand Albany streets,
Wow York, at about 3 X o'clock on Sunday
morning, he heard a singular noise, some
what like the ticking of a large clock. The
officer listened for a short time, and found
that the sound camd from the second floor
of.a buildhig where H. JB. Cromwell, owner
of- the Savannah Steamship .Line, has his
office. The oflicor, suspecting that burg
lars were operating on a safe, summoned
isshtancc, aud having, with his compan
ions, broken open a window, the house
was noiselessly entered. Inside it was pitch
dark, but thev heard whispers insido of Mr.
Cromwell's office.
One burglar was telling another, who
was drilling a safe, to hurry up, as day
light would soon be upon them. The bur
glars had left the door unlocked. When
the officers rushed in they found three vil
lainous-looking men hard at work drilling
the safe. The burglars were taken com
pletely by surprise. The only light in tho
room was from a dark-lantern, which one
of the thieves held in bis hand, the rays
striking the spot where the drill was at
work. As soon as the officers entered
everything was dark. A short struggle en
sued, and James West was captured. In
the darkness the other two burglars slip
ped out through the door and ran un
-tairs.
They were closely pursued by the officers
until they reached the fifth story and passed
through the scuttle to the roof, when they
beard an officer close upon their heels cock
ing his revolver- The nearest structure is
a three-story tenement house about fifteen
Teet away, with a sharp, slanting blate roof.
When the officer reached the roof the bur
glars leaped upon the tenement house. It
was a desperate chance, and seemed almost
certain death. The burglars struck near
the angle of the roof with great force, and
caught hold with their hands. There they
hung with a desperate grip. The officer
saw it would be suicide to follow them, and
hurriedly retracing his got into tbe tene
ment house and stealthily crept up to the
roof. _
Tho burglars heard the approach and
shifted their positions. Looking around,
the burglars saw the aperture of the venti
lator some feet away. It was a desperate
move for them to reach it, as the slate roof
was very slanting, and if they lost their
balance thev were sure to fall to tho side
walk and be dashrd to pieces. They, how
ever succeeded in finally reaching the ven
tilator, trom which one of them was after
wards dragged. The other escaped, but
was caught in coming down stairs. The
burglars had a complete set of apparatus,
worth ?300. In the safe there were about
$1,000 cash, and from 9-50,000 to $100,000 in
bonds, notes, and other valuables? a great
baul if they could have secured it.
A Crazy Nashville Soldier Buying Ur
All the Crops is Tennessee. "We have
been told a singular story of a strange
monomaniac named John Hoffman. He is
a German, and was formerly a private in
Company ''A," Sixteenth infantry, sta
tioned at Louisville, but subsequently
transferred to Company <4F" of the same
tegiment, now on duty at this post. While
in Loui>ville he imagined himself a Ger
man count of immense wealth, influence,
and power, fie brought those odd notions
with him to Nashville. At Ash .Barracks
he would frequently go to his captain
and obtain a pass *to talk with his at
torney, John Uuhm, who was, however,
entirely unacquainted with Hoffman's
hallucination, on business concerning the
collection of a big fortune coming to
him in Germany, lie finally deserted his
company, and irom his hiding placc wrote
letters in the Latin, French, "and German
languages, of which he is a thorough mus
ter, imploring Mr. Kbum not to let any
body know about his immense riches, lie
even sent men to see JMr. lihum, at most
unseasonable hours of the night, for the
purpose of obtaining trunks, pictures, and
large amounts of money upon which he
bold no claim save in his own imagination.
He subsequently returned to his regiment
of hi* own accord, but the officers noticing
that he was not sound in Hie upper story,
he was discharged from the company, since
which time he bas been going from place to
place in the country as a land speculator,
and giving reference to 31r. Khum, and
orders of almost incalculable magnitude on
his mystical fortune.
It is said that he hns bought up growing
crops, stock, and lands on a big scale, but
neither taking possession of "them nor,
of course, complying with his contracts,
lie purchased lands from Esquire Kueker,
whom he sent to sec 31 r. lihum. witn the
request that the attorney examine the ti
tles, and, if found aorrect, to pay for the
land, lie hat made similar trades with Dr.
Haggard, William Smith, and others. Hoff
man is about forty-six years of a^e, with
dark complexion and ldack hair, and is
finely educated. There seems to be no
harm in the man except he puts many peo
ple to trouble in proposing and making
large offers for land which be is unable to
buy. Nashville Banner 20th.
Floods in India.? The damage done by
floods still forms a prominent topic in the
papers. Nearly one-halt the stock of cat
tle in Bengal is said to have perished? a re
sult which means heavier and heavier debt
for many a cultivator. Berhampore has
again been flooded. Gwalior has suffered
from a great flood. Jaunpore has almost
disappeared in the swollen Goomtie. A
heavy storm of rain has washed down many
native buildiues in Ghazeporc. At Sultan
pore, in Oude, tbe Goomtie has risen thir
teen feet higher than the high flood of last
year, doing nearly as much damage as at
Jaunpore. At Pertabghur tho beautiful
bridge over the Saye, only four years old,
has been "swept away like old refuse."
The whole of Eastern Oude, in short, is
under water, or nearly useless for purposes
of traffic. At Lucknow forty laches of rain
fell in flve davs, which would account for
the terrible floods on that side of India.
The consequent loss of life must have been
greater than we are ever likely to ascer
tain. The reports, on the other band,
from mo?t pirts of Bengal are more favora
ble, and in Bombay and the central pro
vinces tbe crops in general appear to be
doing well.? Allen's Indian Mail.
A Chicago letter in the Boston Advertiser
says "I should have said that a hardware
store, once going to smash, would have
hardly tarnished tuel enough to melt down
its own walls. But you find a parcel of
flat-irons which aie permanently attached
to each other in the way in which twine
and paper originally tied them. They
have fu?ed into eternal union. You find
the beads of sledge-hammers which have
attached themselves to each other so that
you take up? shall I say? a string of iron
beads fastened without a string. I saw
just now a pile of crayons from a stationer's
which are united in a. solid mass, but still
give trace of tho varied coloring matter of
their old being.77
A Wistful Dog.? Many persons who
have had occasion to visit the Essex depOt,
in this town, have for some time past no
ticed a large dun-colored dog, who anx
iously watches the passengers as they alight,
as though seeking for frome particular per
son. This dog belonged to Mr. Ernesc S.
Merrill, one of the victims of the Revere
disaster. "When young Merrill left home
for the last time his dog left him at the de
pot. The faithful dog still watchcs for his
master, who will never come back.? Pca
body Press.
Rich Men of St. Louis.? There ore 650
Individuals in St. LouIb who pay taxes iu
excess of $1,000 per annum each, and In
the aggregate ?2,033,000, or nearly one-half
the entire tax levy. James II. Lucas pays
nearly three per cent, of the entire taxation
of the county, his bills for the year amount
ing to over $122, 000.
PROPOSALS.
C'F/ICK OF EKGINiS-KB)
James Eivek jAiPBOVEiiuMT.
Kicumoxd, Va., November ll, ML
Proposals are invitedand
will be received at this office until 12 M.
XoViMBKBSulb for DR&DGING ifle channel
way from below Ktcbraona bar to and Across
Warwick bar, J<tme3 xlver, to a depth of 18J ftet
at mean bUh ti.ie.
It Is estimated that the work will require the re
moval of 11 ty thousand (50 000) or more cubic
yards of materjal, all of Which is easily dredged.
The contractors will be required to deposit the
dredged material bcblod crlo-work that will bo
built and tarnished by tbe city of Blchmond.
The work must be begun between the 1st and
30th of Jauutry rnoct anu completed on or before
the 1st of July, lb72, filcia must be per cubic
yard. Any further information desired may be
obtained by application at thl office.
If. D. MI NOB.
Engineer James Blver Improvement.
nolSeodtd
-dook and job printing dons
JD GERAT AT TRIM tfTSCJBU
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS.
1
Sew To>h Stock and SEon?y Market.
New York, Not ember S3.? Money owy
at 5@U per cent. Sterling weak at 100 J*.
Gold, 110 X @110*. Governments dull;
'STs advanced U 5-20'a declined X and
closing firm. States inactive Tennessee's,
64* new pame. Virginia's, G4X new,
70. Louisiana's, 65 new, 53. Levee's, 61
8's, 75. Alabama's, 98 1 6,s, 65. Georgia's,
80; 7's, '86. North Carolina's, 38; new,
18". South Carolina's, 70 new, 25ft.
VIRGINIA CONFERENCE OF THE ME
THODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH. SOUTH.
Spcoia) telegram to the Dispatch.
BEVKNTJI DAY.
Poht8Mol'tii, November 22.? Conference
met at the usual hour, Bishop Paine in the
cbuir.
Prayer by J. D. Southall.
The minutes were read and approved.
Bishop Paino said the preachers were
talking themselves out this session, and by
next year he hoped they would be ready to
transact business.
Rev. Mr. Bransford, of the North Caro
lina Conference, wa9 introduced.
J. H. Amiss asked the members of tbe
Conference to contribute each a small
amount to raise a tombstone over the
grave of Bev. Thomas Y. Cost, and J. H.
Amiss was appointed to receive and dis
burse the funds.
On motion of P. A. Peterson, Paul
Whitehead, John R. Kilbv, George M.
Bain, Jr., Jesse J. Yeates, Joseph H. Daw
son, Richard Irby, Alexander G. Brown,
Thomas Whitehead, and D'Arcy Paul,
were appointed a board of directors for the
Society for the relief of the preachers, their
families, etc.
Alexander G. Brown submitted the re
port of the Board of Finance, showing tho
financial condition of the Conference; which
was adopted. The report shows a decided
increase in the collections during tho year.
The increase of salaries paid the preachers
in Richmond district during the past year
[was ?2,21G. Fluvanna circuit, Milton L.
Bishop pastor, in the Charlottesville dis
trict, was assessed at $800, and paid $9.99,
leaving a shameful deficit of ?708. The ex
hibits from Norfolk and Murfreesboro' dis
tricts were the best made, and very en
couraging. L. D. Travers (not a member of
the Conference) was by courtesy allowed to
make a statement of the finances of Dor
chester circuit, showing that it had not
failed to do its duty, but had paid $4 48 per
member for the support of the ministry.
Rev. Mr. Staples, agent of the Virginia
Bible Society, was introduced, and ad
dressed tbe Conference in behalf of his
Society.
1 John M. Saunders submitted the report
I of the Committee on the Bible Cause, re
joicing in the success of the cause and en
dorsing the circulation of the Bible with
I out comment, promising to cooperate with
Bible agents, and asking that John Rowe,
IE. n. Pritchctt, and D. II. Ilodges, be ap
I pointed agent# for the Bible cause in Vir
ginia. The report was adopted, after com
mendation by Bishop Doggett and Dr. Ed
I wards.
I llev. Mr. Staples stated that three Metlio
j diat ministers were asked for because of
I the influence and numbers of Methodists,
I and also because of the dilliculty in secu
Iring an agent from the Episcopal ministry.
Robert O. Burton, of the North Caro
I Una Conference, was allowed to make a
{statement in reference to his work among
I the colored people.
I Bishop Paine said if Mr. Buiton spoke
I thirty minutes he would knock him down
I with his mallet. [Lauuhtcr.]
I Bishop Paine a?kcd if there were indlca
I tlons of good resulting from the preaching
I during the session, and Rev. Mr. Judkins
I replied that the ministers had preached
I faithfully and in demonstration of tbe Holy
j Ghost.
1 Rev. Messrs. Judkins and C. II. Ilall of
I fered resolutions hailing with pleasure the
I presence of Bishop Doggett, and tendering
to himself and family the sympathies and
I prayers of the Conference in his deep afllic
Ition in the death of bis daughter. Tbe
I resolutions were adopted by a rising vote,
and elicited from Bishop Doggett a touch
I ing response.
xhe following local preachers were ad
Imittcd on trial into the Conference Wil
liam E. Mitchell, W. II. Gregory, Edward
I Hebard, James F. Twitt, and John Han
I non.
Leave of absence was granted to R. A.
Armlstead, William Gill, and Dr. Crox
I tons.
J. S. R. Clarke, an elder, was reii'Jmitted
I into tbe Conference.
I Bishops Paine and Dogsett and Dr. Mc
I Ferrin announced that there was urgent
I ueed for young preachers in Kansas, Mon
tana, California, Missouri, and Texas.
Conference will adjourn to-morrow night.
J W. W. Walker briefly addressed tho Con
ference, stating that business engagements
I prevented his placiog himself in the hands
of the Bishop for an appointment. He
(asked no accommodation in his case. He
hoped hereafter to joyfully take his place
I as an itinerant. Probably now he ought to
I ask a location.
Adjourned with benediction.
Kali road Accident.
Special telegram to the Dispatch.
Hillsbl?bo', N. C., November 22.? While
tlie western-bound freight train of the
Klchmond and Danville railroad (North
Carolina division) was to day shifting some
cars at this place, Tom Mayo (a colored
station hand) atttempted to get on one of
the cars, and was thrown between them,
the wheeld striking both his legs, inflicting
several eovere though not dangerous
wounds. Fortunately, no bones were
broken. The train was running very fast.
Suicide of a Citizen of Amelia.
Special te'e*ram to the Dispatch.
Jetebsville, Va., November 22.? Mr. T.
D. Worsham, an old and respected citizen
of Amelia, committed suicide this morning
near here by cutting his throat with a
razor. He has tried to kill himself several
times recently, but was prevented. He
was led to commit the act, it is supposed,
from physical suffering.
Death of the Lieutenant-Governor of
Louisiana.
New Obleans, La., November 22.? Lieu
tenant-Governor tiscar J. Dunn died yes
terday of congestion of the brain and luntf.s.
He was fifty-one years of age. He was
born a slave.
The Enrnlnsr of the MClly of New
London."
Norwich, Conk., November 22.? The
following persons are known to be lost on
the steamer City of New London," re
ported burned in the river Thames C. B.
Bogers, William T. Norton, Harrison Aid
rich, Dugan Stewart, and Baker, the
engineer.
The City of New London was a first
class steamer. She had a full freight from
New York for Norwich.
A Demand for Protection.
St. Thomas, November 16, via Havana,
November 22.? The captain of tbe steamer
Florida, now in this port, has called upon
the American Consul and demanded pro
tection, stating that lie was ready to pro
ceed to sea, but was afraid to do so on ac
count of the Spanish war steamer*.
umr PROM WASH0OTO*. 1
arrival or pbjkck a lexis. I
Washington, November 22.? The Grand
Duke Alexis has arrived. He came on a
special train of tour cars? one basgagc, two
parlor, and one hotel cor? all gotten up in
the most gorgeous and expensive style,
and built for moving at the rate of thirty
miles per hour.
A. very. largo crowd was at the depot to
meet Alexia, but as be was in citizen's
dress he was uot generally recognized. He
drove to Minister Catacazy's house. The
latter called on Secretary Fish to-night and
officially apprised him of the Duke's arri
val.
WEATHER KU)B ABILITIES.
W AsmsGTON, November 22.? The ba
rometer will probably ri*e on Thursday on i
the lakes and in New England, with cold I
westerly winds and cloudy weather, and
fall in the southern and Gulf States, with
southwesterly winds and a rising tempera
ture. The cloudv weather prevailing in
the Rocky Mountains will extend, with
falling barometer and rising temperature,
into the Mississippi Valley.
GENEBAL ITEX3.
"Wabhisgton, November 22. The elec
tion has been quiet. The four million loan
was carried by a large majority.
Thomas J. Durant has been appointed
advocate for the United States before the
Unlted^tates Spanish commission.
At thb election here to-day there was a
large majority in favor of the act to author
ize a subscription of $000,000 to the stock
of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad J
Company.
LATEST FOREIGN NEWS.
Great Britain. I
London, November 22.? The maglitratcs 1
refuse to bail John N. Gribble, the secre- 1
tary of the Total Abstinence Society, who
publicly accused the Queen of intoxication.
The steamer City ol' London, from Nor
wich, is burning in the Thames. There Is
reason to fear that a number of persons
have perished.
Marine disasters are reported from all
quarters. The "Egerta" has been wrecked
off the Irish coast and five of her crew
drowned.
The Taylor crew beat the Renforths by
three lengths for the Tyue championship.
Rome.'
Rome, November 22.? A consistory will
be held on Fridav for the preconizatlon of
bishops, when the Pope will pronounce an
I allocution wherein he will declare the
I course he has determined to pursue.
Parliament will soon open its sessions.
Spain.
Madrid, November 22.? It is understood
that after tho municipal elections Topeic
and Sagosta will reenter the Spanish Cabi
1 net.
Affairs in Mexico.
New York, November 22.? A Herald
special from the City of .Mexico, November
lltb, says that General Dea3 is fortifying
Oxacas and arming the State troops. He
refuses to publish the election of Juarez.
His formal revolt is momentarily expected.
Owango i* besieged by the rebels, and the
siege of Saltillo continues.
The Government troops have gained a
victory over Trevino's cavalry.
Matamoras, November 20.? General Ro
ch3, with a strong force of Government
troopd, is marching to relieve Saltilio.
General Querroga. late a celebrated Im
perialist chief, has joioed the rebels, and
commands the lower Rio Grande.
It is rumored that Cortinas has pro
nounced in favor of the rebels.
General Alatore, with a large Govern
ment f.?rce, is watching Uaxaca. More
troops are going to him.
The Government troops in Saltlllo are
hard pressed.
General Querago, a celebrated Imperial
chief, is expected to attack the town of
Weir on his way to 31 ata moras. The au
thorities of Weir are arming.
Generals Trevino, Navajo, and Martinez,
are besieging Saltillo.
Cardra, N egret o, Re vera, Coreco, and
Toledo, are in revolution against the Gov
ernment.
General Salvan has pronounced against
the Government, taking with him the Fif
teenth reglmeut of the Natioual cavalry.
Juarez renews the request that Congress
will veto the execution of extraordinary
power.
The reported defection of Cortiua gives
additional embarrassment to tbe Juarez
administration. Cortiua has disobeyed re
cent Government orders, and is sullen. He
is falling back on Matamoras, where a con
flict with Palairo is expected.
Guerrero, commander of the fourth divi
sion of the national army, and Gourmand
Portugal, of Aguascalientes, have pro
nounced for the rebels.
Soutli America.
Caracas, November 8, via Havana, No
vember 22.? General Pulgus, at the head of
the army, hus left Maraciol for tho purpose
of restoring peaee at Truxillo.
Generals Castro, 'Calina, and Alcantara,
with 4,000 men, are marching against the
revolutionists under Herrera, who are re
ported to number 3,000.
President Guzman Blanco is collecting
troops here to march against Cindad Boli
var.
It is reported that the revolutionists,
under Olivia, have taken the town of San
Fernando de Apur. Business is dull.
From San Domingo.
San Dominoo, November 9, via Havana,
November 22.? President Baez is still tra
velling north. It is reported that he will
visit the British Charge d' Affairs for the
purpose of claiming ?6,000 expenses in the
steamer Telegrafo case.
Shock* of an earthquake were felt on the
30th at Douiiuica, St. Vincent, St. Lucia,
and other islands.
Aijnfstcr Scheucti ICebakcd and JKitt
Mecall Advised.
New Yoke, November 22.? The London
Eco/iomist, having mentioned with regret
the appearance of United States Minister
Schenek as a director in one of the new
mining companies, with the remark that
commercial occupation of any kind ap
pears certainly incompatible with the func
tions of a diplomatist, the New York Ece
ninj Fost hopes our Government will im
mediately rccall Schcuck, who it says by
permitting his official position to promote
stock speculations, humiliates his country
and shows an utter want of respect for his
high office.
liallroad %ccfdeuta.
Cincinnati, November 22.? The passen
ger train on the Indianapolis Junction rail
road due here this morning was thrown
from the track by a broken rail. No lives
were lost.
The baggase car on the Little Miami road
which left New York Monday afternoon
was burned. The contents, including the
mails, were destroyed.
Horrible Murder? liallroad natters.
Cleveland, Ohio, November 22.? John
T. iCwms (a mulatto) was found dead this
morning with his head horribly battered
and a soldering Iron thrust down his throat.
The stockholders of the Pittsburg and
Cleveland railroad have confirmed the lease
of the road to tho Pennsylvania Central.
The Case of the Steamer Hortjef, At.
Poet-au-Peince, November 0, via Ha
vana, November 22.? The case of the
steamer Hornet remains unchanged, lhe
Spanish war steamer Churrucca is in port
with the Spanish Consul on board sick.
The Hayticns have reinforced the garri
sons in the forts here and placed guns in
position, and troops are being held in
readiness for active service.
Vlsltlflfi Firemen.
Nobfolk, Va., November 22.? The Wash
ington Fire Company, of Wilmington, He!.,
arrived last evening from Charleston. S. C\,
where they were the guests of the firemen
of that city. The company was received at
the Portsmouth depot by a committee of
Norfolk firemen, and escorted to the Na
tional Hotel.
This morning the Fife Department, ac
companied by oandi of music, paraded In
honor or the visiting company. Iu the
afternoon the visitors were handsomely en
tertained at the National, on which occa
sion they were presented with a beuutilul
banner by the United Fire Company, of
this city. The Wilmington tfremeu left for
home this evening on the Baltimore steamer
George Leary. i
alexia the freedom of all be owns on the
unerican continent.
Henry G. Stehbens tm accepted the com.
lissionersbip of public parks.
Alexis ana suite will arrive at Wash in 2
>n to-night. The ijrand ball here will take
lace on the 29th instant.
The small-pox is raging in Trinidad, West
ndies.
<Jeneral Butler denounces as a canard
le whole story of the Harrtsbure conSr
ace.
naval ball to Alexis occurs on the
sth instant.
There were forty-three eases of small-pox
rdar ^eek, and twenty tine* siat
AmonKtbe passengers by the steamship
uba for Liverpool to-day were W. W.
orcoran, Esq., Madame BertinaHi, and
?eonard W. Jerome.
I
From Georgia.
Atlanta, Ga., November 23.? The Le
wiature has passed the bill ordering a spo
il" election for Governor over aetins G?o
ernor Con ley's veto.
Heavy Know In Utab.
Salt Lake City, November 22.? Tho
rains have been delayed for twenty-four
ours on account of the snow, which is
:om three to four teet deep.
Exonerated.
Chicago, November 22.- C.C. P. Holden
Ua rpU??fC wItl1 ^Appropriating
he reliel fund, has been exonerated.
V'.v" Marine Sow?.
.r York, November 22.?The steam
nip Wyanoke arrived to-day from Rich
oond.
Telegraphic Summary.
There has been a storm of several daya*
I ura ti on along the entire Pacific railroad.
has subsided, however, and tho trains
ire running on time.
A dispatch from Ottowa reports tho tele
graph completed to Fort Garoy.
Dion has beat .Miller tbe second.game of
milliards out of three at New Orleans.
John Kussell, for many years the leadinz
publisher and bookseller 111 Charleston,
0., died in that city yesterday.
COMMERCIAL.
UT?i?vi!uND Ftocn Kxcitaxoe, 1
iilCH-iIOND, Va., Movtmber 22, 1S71.
0FKERIXQ8.
240 oushda. Ke<L 658 bssbeH.
Coriv?Whlte- Sia Duehols. Mixed, 200 bushels.
Oat* lfld buihsls.
Meal 60 busnf h.
Otrn and Rye .VcaZ.-Wlxed. 5? bushels.
BroxonsLuff and Rye Meal mlxtd, eo bashcla.
Ground Corn and Oats mixed, 00 buihcla.
S 1 SALKS.
bUflhele? at 11.88 for choice,
Sl."5 lor prime.
bushels? a* tl.eo forverygood,
$1.50? >1. 8. for fair, ti.38Qfl.48 for coramoa.
Corn. w bite 810 uuiue.s at use. for very good
new, Me. for common new,
Corn Mlx^d? 200 bushcis? at 63c. for very aocd
new. 86c. for common i.ew.
Oats? 1(0 buabela? at floe, for prim* cprsntr, 88c,
for good spring.
RE-EXHIBITED.
Wheat.? B^d, l<2 buihels.
Oats lit! bushes.
REMARKS.
The offerings of whsat on 'Chango are trowing
lljtht. 3 here was uo chinge in prices to-day.
Offerings of com moderate market to-day qnlt*
active, all that was offered having been sold; but
tellers had to submit to a reduction, the highest
tlgure paid belug G3c. Kyo would coll weU If put
on market.
Domestic Markets? [By Teleohapd.]
T^KVt Youk November 22.? Co tl on tlrrn esalcfl
2,825 bales; uplands, IU|%; Orleans. IDJu. Flour
duil and lowtr common t? f-lr extra, |<uc(?/>
$7.50; good to choice, *7.S."<3J9 33. v?hl>key, s^c.
?Vbeat? red wi!,ter western (l.8C@91.C4. Cora
steadier *t Klce Arm at bi@81c. Pork
lim?r. Beef uiroug. Tallow q ilet. Fr?:ght3 un
changed.
Baltimoke, November 22.? P'lou'- active.
Wheat st?ady. Corn qulel and llitn. All olhura
unchanged.
Baltimore Stock Markets.
Baltimore, November 2;.- Virginia's, old. si
b'.d 5>J ask"d; 60'3, 88 bid; ?7's, fll bid. Cou
nou's, old, o-l bid; 85 atkcl new, 85 bid. Wftt
Virginia's, 28J bid 20J nsKtd. North Carolina'*,
old, 38 bid new, 10 b;d sp.-clartax, 15 bid.
COSI'fiCTlOSEBIia, FHI'IIH, Aft.
JUST RECEIVED.
GO boxes newTayer basins,
3 frails NEW DATES
5 barrels CHAN HEitKIRS.
FOR SALE 1-0 W.
no 20 W. W. TKIBBKTT.
H RANGES, GRAPES, PEARS, at
V/ pizzikps,
PC U 807 Broad street.
/CURRANTS, RAISINS, CITRON, at
XJ oc 21 trtZZlNV.
PIES, PASTRY, CAKES, and CAN
DIES, at
OC 24 PIZZINl'8,
LUXLBEB DEALERS.
IBSON BROCK,
CoKSEK fl.XTU STREET AXD THE CASAt
(old stand ol J. C. McCarthy Co.)
LUMBER, SHINGLES. PALINGS, BALED
HAY, OATS, COR.i MEAL.MJLLL FEED, &C?
at the lowest rates.
Bill timber cat to order promptlv.
J. P. W. GIBSON,
late of Mayo tilbwu.
B. A. BROCK,
oc 0-3m formerly of Raclaud A Brock.
BEMOYAM.
P> EMO VAL.? AUG. ARSELL, Jr.,
JtV Co., TLNNEBS, PLUMBERS, AND ttAH
F1TTEHS, have removed to i heir new store, No.
732 Mala street. between Seventh and Eighth, ana
are prepared with new stock aud inoreuel fores
co execute all work in-tbelr line. Particular at
tention Is called to our new Parlor Heater, ttp etr's
Golden Sun, for heating oua or more storlec. The
best in tha ooantry. ocCT-im
f ceyiTPBE, Ac.
WE ARE NOW 3IANUFACTUR- Q
addTei^St fl2odckSr1Viag moat extensive
V FURNITURE
itlul'a. wJ offt-re(1 to ibe people of V!r
with a great variety of other FfTHvrTrrnf r?
will alford us pleasure to snow Sfwff J
on us through our warerooms. m*y
HAitW OOD RITTETt.
?e?7 Pernor street. Rlctmond. Va.
WILLIAM E. WOOD Coi!
373 and 375 VV. Baltimore siracL
BALTIYT ?Hc, MD.. 7
manufacturers of STEAM HEATING APpa
RATUS.and Inventors of the new pollahe<i.iVft?r
fHt-top PAtfIS RANGE. lo every respect the boat
cooking-range in the United States, and war/*me<i
to be*t the rooms above. It received, with tt>?
celebrated Parlor buo and Lightning Fireplace
Heaters, the Urst premiums at the awryl tnd stat*
Fair and at the American Inttltuto F.?ir. New
York. Buy either tins Parlor un or Lightning
Fireplace Heaters aod thy Paris Bauge, and yoo
will navi ih". nest braving fireplace etovo and (he
best cooking apparatus in the world*
Send for descriptive circular. _
LLLIAM 15. WCOD CO..
Manufacturers ar d Inventors of Heating, VaaM
latlng, acdCoWlug Apparatus, 371 and 37# Vf.
Baltimore street K?1ti oore, M?i. no 0?a
E CURRANT'S
HOUSE.FUBNI9HING BTOBI.
NO- ?03 MAI!* BTUEJ8T.
CKIWA and GLASSWARE,
SILVER- PLATE D WA F..
KODGKRS'rt TaBLK CUTLKBY.
^AN^Y GOODS.
hT k SftEE. J CRK WIS,
SoSSeffi rVOTSS' mtSaw,
PAHLOJC COAL VASES
PLAT WA KMIta*
GERMAN STO DENTS' LAMPS
JAPANESE PAPER WAHBf?nj a varlctv
of useful articles. Call and m T
A GREAT VARIETY OF
HAIR BRUSHSS
(EnjrlUb, French, and American,)
OF 8U PURINE QUALITY.
ALSO,
FINK IVORY COMBS,
DRESSING COMBS,
KAIL BBU8KE?, 4 c.,
for #a!e by BLAIli,
no u m Broad ttraar.
Book and job printing neatly
J XttCLTEO AT T*It? umClfc.
A HANDLE WICK, FOR M1NEB8;
Bo.t NOVA SCOXiA UHiNUSTO^ItS, for
farmers, mechanic*. and machinist*
OOMON> aiii HE3*P TWI8W,