gclloirs cf nib Eiuxcsi,
BELLOWS FALLS, OCT. 13, 1871.
Masa meeting are boiuj; held iu every
city, ami all the larger tuwua and pluctn
all over the country to aid Chicago.
u
The Stale elections in Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Iowa on Tuesday, attracted
but little attention, on account of the
gteat calamity at Chieago. The few re
turns received indicate the success of the
republicans in all thrte of the States.
We give up our space mainly to the
Chicago horror. It is the greatest con
flagration of modern limes and probably
unprecedented on this continent. One
fourth of the city is destroyed and as the
details come in the worst horrors are con
firmed. The loss of life has been fear
ful and the extent yet unknown. It is
mitigating that such a generous sympa
thy is being manifested throughout the
country, but there will be great suffering
which is beyond the reach of earthly aid.
It will yet be many days before the full
magnitude of this awful calamnity will
be known.
The New Yokk City Frauds. The
committee of seventy have made a re
port on the frauds of the Tammany city
government, from which is the following
extract: First, that the city debt is
practically $120,000,000; second, that
not merely extravagance but "fraud and
peculations of the grossest character have
been practised in several departments"
with the knowledge of their heads; third,
that .he debt has been doubled every two
years since 1869 fourth, that the mayor
is responsible for the continuation of the
wholesale robbery of the city fifth, that
it costs nearly as much $30,000,000
a year to run the government of this city
as to administer that of the whole nation
sixth, that, while $3,21,865,62 were
paid for armory repairs, etc., the actual
expenditure was not more than 8202,483,
in other words the ring stole on armoiy
accouuts alone $3,029,402,62; seventh,
that immense sums have been paid for
services unperformed to men unknown iu
the offices from which they draw their
salaries eighth, that the Schuyler frauds
by which the bills of one contractor were
raised from $48,000 to $468,000 were
committed through the connivance of
"William M. Tweed.
The Fbaikie Fire in Minnesota.
The great prairie fires in Minnesota have
been very destructive. The drouth has
been severe and rendered everything in
flamable. So extensive are the fires that
a veil of smoke hangs over the city of
St. Paul, and the streets and sidewalks
were made black on Friday last by the
thickly falling cinders. The loss of prop
erty must be immense, and fulls with
crushing weight upon many who have
built homes upon the frontier only to see
everything swept away at a touch from
the leaping, blasting flames. Many lives
are known to have been lost in the fran
tic efforts to stay the devouring element.
One party of thirty were made victims at
one full swoop. It is reported, however,
that the damage to property is less than
at first supposed. Many of the settlers,
profiting by paBt experience, averted
the threatened calamity by plowing
around their premises and by setting
"back fires." At last accounts the fires
were still raging and spreading in th
woods with little prospect of being stayed
until a copious rain storm sets in. Fort
Abercrombie narrowly escaped the con
flagration, the utmoet efforts of the gar
rison being required to avert the flames.
Fires are also raging in Wisconsin, an
the people of that region are praying
earnestly for rain.
llalieim Curium 'use.
Cllplpkk, Va. Oct. Cih, 1871.
Mr. Editor! Having learned of the
trials of Mr. J. W. Barry of this county,
iu consequence of the iusauity of his
wife, I deem it my duty to say something
in his defense. I have known Mr. Bar
ry intimately for the last four years, and
I have always found him a gentleman iu
every respect. His record here is as
good as any man in the county. Every
body in his neighborhood knows that his
wife was insane as he will show by am
ple evidence during the trial of the case.
It appears from all I can learn that Mr.
Iiarrj tookhis wife to Brattleboro, Vt.,on
the 7th ult., for the purpose of lodging
her in the insane asylum, and that some
parties sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus," aud took her out of said asylum
representing that Mr. Barry had wrong
fully put her there aud that she was not
insane as represented by him. Mr. Bar
ry returned here on the 20th of Septem
ber and called on me on the morning of
the 21st aud while at breakfast with me,
two gentleman called at the post office,
audwhile in conversation with my doputy,
disclosed the fact that they were from
Vermont, on being informed that there
was a geutlemen breakfasting with me
from Vermont, by the name of Barry,
they immediately left seemingly iu a hur
ry, aud though I made an effort to see
those gentlemen during the day, I was
not able to do so as they left on the next
train bound north, having arrived here
at 10 P. m. on the 20ih, and returned at
:18 p. m. on the 21st. I afterwards
learned that they had called upon a Mr.
Latham of our vil age and engaged him
as their attorney in prosecuting as it ap
pears to us all here maliciously, Mr. J.
W. Barry. I afterwards learned that
the names of these gentleman from Ver
mont were J. C. McCollom aud L. II.
Eastman and that they were the same
that left the post office so precipitately
after having been informed of the pres
ence of Mr. Barry. It was my desire to
see those gentlemen and tell them what I
knew of Mr. B.'s standing in this com
munity, but their movements were so
rapid that I could not get a view of them.
have been informed that these gentle
men went back to Vermont and report
ed that they "found the evidence much
stronger against Mr. B. than they expect
ed." How this can be is certainly very
wonderful as these gents only remained
here from 10 P. m. on the 20th till 2:18 p,
m. on the 21st, and did not go totheueigh
borhood of Mr. Barry's at all, and I have
not heard a person who knows anything
about the case say anything that is not
in Mr. B.'s favor entirely. I learn that
Mr. B. soon goes to Vermont armed with
the affadavits of respectable and respon
sible parties which will triumphantly vin
dicate him in this matter. I simply
make this statement to show to the peo
ple in your section that Mr. Barry is re
spected in this community and that the
charge that is sought to be set up against
him is entirely groundless as will appear
from evidence he will submit during the
trial of the case. Hoping you will give
this a place in your columns, I remain,
Respectfully yours,
W. A. MacNulty, P. M.
Culpeper, Va.
P. S. This statement is made entirely
unsolicited. W. A. MacN.
An Imposter. A miserable imposter
styling himself Prof. Frederick Frank
and claiming to have been a teacher of
ancient and modern languages for many
years, and having, by various misfor
tunes, lost all of his property, is travel
ing over the country soliciting aid from
clergymen and teachers, eitner in money
or entertainment. lie carries forged let
ters of introduction from several eminent
clergymen and many more professional
teachers sustaining his assertions, and
he generally steals all portable articles
possible.
Fire at Charlestown, Mass. A
Woman Burnt. A disastrous fire oc
curred at Charlestown, Mass., on Friday,
destroying the railroad depot and sever
al other buildings. Loss, some $75,000.
In the large head building of the depot,
which was three stories high, was several
offices in one of which was Miss Adelaide
Andrews who had been unable to get out
owing to the rapidity with which the fire
spread, and in her attempts to escape
penshed in the names. She belonged in
Oswego, K. Y., aud was 35 years of age.
After the fire had been subdued her re
mains were found in the ruins.
Terrible Fire in the West.
LOSS OF LIFE AND GREAT DESTRUCTION.
Great fires are reported on the coun
try in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa.
Nearly whole townships are satd to be
burnt over. Many houses and buildings
are destroyed, and in some sections the
suffering among the people must be great
The following dispatch appeared in the
papers on Monday
Milwaukee, Wis., Oct. 7. News
from the northern fires to-day is that they
are raging worse than ever. A man just
arrived at Fort Howard from Pensaukie
says that thirty men were burned to death
at that place, and part of the town and
one lumber mill were in ashes when he
left. The rest of the town has probably
been burned by this time.
Texas Election. The State of Tex
as held an election last week, and the
first returns indicate clean sweep for
the democrats by a large majority.
The California Democrats take
their defeat philosophically. In two in
stances quite chivalrous spirit was dis
played. Pearce, the Democratic candi
date for congress in the Second District,
being cleaned out completely by bis Re
publican antagonist, Coughlan, tele
graphed to bis victorious antagonist
when the result became evident, "I move
to make it unanimous."
Sammy Tilden, opening the demo
cratic convention at Rochester, the oth
er day, "thanked God that the cloud be
gins to show its silver lining." If that'i
the cloud the Tammany gang are under,
ten to one they steal the lining. Hart
ford Post.
A ghost that has been haunting a
house in Peoria, 111., was lately watched
for by the inmates and a half pint of
bird shot put into his legs. The test
proved the specter to be real flesh and
blood by the earthly name of McGraw.
The success of the gunner offers a good
suggestion to all similarly troubled.
There is a dearth of game in the
West this fall. A sportsman lately ask
ed a Fond du Lao farmer if there were
any prairie chickens out his way. He
replied he thought there was; be had
seen one last haying time, and each day
since there had been from six to a dozen
sportsmen and dogs after her at last ac
counts the old hen was ahead.
In Youngtown, Lincoln vill, N. II.,
lives a widow lady of 80, whose child
disappeared suddenly forty-five years
ago, and who has been living in Bangor,
Me., ever since. He ran away from a
family into which he had been adopted
when "o'er young," and when he came
to settle at Bangor made inquiries con
cerning h'lB mother, but was told that she
was dead. But the other day mother
and son were brought together.
Awftil Con llnffrnt ioii at Chicago.
Loan of I.He MUllous of Property ilmtroy.
cd IO.OUU IlullUlUK Burnt 100,000 pro.
buinolvw Tttriittls Novum In tue city.
A terrible calamity by fire has occurr
ed at Chicago. It is wholly unprecedent
ed on this continent. The first lire oc
curred on Saturday night and loss esti
mated at $300,000. Another fire broke
out on Sunday night aud spread with
fearful rapidity, aud was still raging up
to Tuesday morning. The loss cannot
be estimated. The insurance will amount
n but little as many insurance compa
nies will of course become bankrupt, so
that source of protection will largely go
down in the general. Below -e give such
accounts as have come to band, and
though many we hope will prove exag
eratious, the truth will be fearful
At the fire of Saturday night, iu many
of the dwellings, the inmates were start
led from slumber and had scarcely time
to rush out iu their scanty night attire.
In several instances children were hasti
ly wrapped in blankets and quilts to
break their fall and thrown from the
second story window to the ground.
Mrs. Margaret Hadley, living on the
north side of Jackson street, being sud
denly surrounded by flames, was unable
to escape. Her remains, burned to a
cinder, were found this morning near the
place where she was last seen in her
house.
Chicago, Oct. 9, p. m. I
The awful work of destruction still
goes on with relentless fury. From Har
rison street on the south to Division
street on the north, and from the river
to the lake, an area of four miles long
by one mile wide, the flames have swept
everything before them. It is estimated
that about one hundred thousand per
sons are homeless and in a suffering con
dition. The streets in the districts still
unburned are lined for miles with such
household goods as have been saved from
destruction. The most generous assist
ance in money, food or anything wanted
are coming in from almost every city and
town throughout the country by tele
graph. The Mayor has responded to
several offers and asking that cooked
food be provided as soon as possible.
Firemen are on the way from Cincinnati
St. Louis and other cities.
A 6 1 ill later dispatch of Monday
night contradicted the report that the
water works had then given out which
gave much joy.
It is impossible now to give a correct
statement of the loss, but a full idea may
be formed when it is stated that every
bank in the city except two small sav
ings institution, one on 22d street in the
south division and one on Randolph
street in the west division, ore destroyed,
all the wholesale stores, all the retail es
tablishments, the post office, court hous
es, Chamber of Commerce, every hotel
in the south division, except Michigan
Avenue House which standing on the
extreme southern limit, escaped, though
it is badly scorched, every newspaper of
fice, and the Tribune building which
was supposed to be fire-proof, finally suc
cumbed, and every theatre, the six large
elevators, the immense depots of the
Michigan Southern and Illinois railroads
both passenger and freight depots of the
latter, more than a score of churches
and much shipping in the river, all are
destroyed. Men who were worth millions
Sunday morning are nearly penniless on
Monday, but more terrible than this is
the awful certainty that man- human be.
ings have perished in the flames, how
many no one can tell, aud perhaps no
one will ever be able to tell, but it is
known that some perished, and it is fear
ed that the victims of the fiery monster
may be counted by scores: hundreds of
horses and cows have .been burned in
stables; hundreds of animals though re
leased from confinement, were so bewil
dered and confused by the sea of fire
which surrounded them, that they rush
ed wildly to and fro uttering cries of
fright and pain, until scorched and kill
ed.
Any attempt at a description of the
appalling scenes would be idle. The
simple facts that most of the once great
city of Chicago is destroyed, that hun
dreds of millions of active capital has
vanished, and that nearly one-third of
Chicago's inhabitants are houseless and
dependant any attempt to embellish
would bo mockery.
As the awful day draws to a close,
thousands of anxious eyes watch the
cloud of smoke which rolls over the
burnt district, with evident dread that a
sudden change of the wind may turn the
flames upon that portion of the city yet
spared. There seems however, little
cause for apprehension, and reinforce
ments of firemen from other cities are
constantly arriving.
The telegraph office improvised in the
southern part of Chicago, which was
supposed beyond the reach of the flames
has been abandoned and communica
tion with the city is again suspended. It
is expected that another office will be
opened during the night at a point two
miles south of the last place of refuge.
The operators before leaving their instru
ments reported that the wind had veered
around to the north and was driving the
fla oes back southward.
THE TERRIBLE EVENTS OF SUNDAY SIGHT
Dispatches sent from Chicago at early
hours, Monday morning, give details of
the terrible scenes that were presented
in the streeU during the night, which
were the most awful ever experienced in
the annals of the city. A fearful panic
prevailed throughout the city. At two
o'clock the alarm bell commenced ring
ing an unceasiug peal, aud almost all
the inhabitants of the city men, women
and childreu were iu the streets, and
almost cray with alnrui. Many persons
rushed out from their dwelliugs barely
in time to save their lives.
THE CONDITION TUESDAY NOON.
Chicago, Oct. 10 Noon.
The fire continued to burn all last
night on the north side, but this forenoon
is under coutrol. It is literally true to
say that there is nothing remaining on
that side, from the river north to Lin
coln Park, on the north and from the
north branch of the river, on west end to
the lake. This portion of the city along
the main river, except where there were
business blocks, were occupied by dwell
ings. Two-thirds of the population of this
district were Germans and Scandana
viaus. These people are now homeless.
Some of them are in frame buildings on
the north west section, and others are on
the prairie without shelter.
Throughout the day yesterday a re
newal of the fire on the west side was
looked for, a change of five degrees in
that diiection would have led to that re
sult. There would then have been no
refuge for any. Everybody had their
clothing packed ready to start for the
prairie at any moment, but God averted
this awful addition to our disaster.
At sundown the wind lulled and at
three o'clock this forenoon the rain, so
fervently prayed for, came. It did not
rain long, but the roofs of the houses
and the ground have been wet so that
now it is possible to have fires built to
cook food for the multitude.
A meeting of citizens was held in the
ret Congregational church, in West
Washington street, which was continued
throughout the night. Measures were
concerted to protect what property was
left, and to provide for the homeless.
TWO MEN HUNG.
Chicago, Oct. 10.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn in
last night as an extra police force, and
the Secretary of War authorized Gen.
Sheridan to employ all available troops
for guard, -and issued orders for 100,000
rations. Five hundred soldiers are on
duty.
This precaution was necessary, for as
remarkable as it may seem there was
fiends who still sought to extend the dis
aster. Two fiends, caught in the act of
firing a house on the West side, were ar
rested and immediately hung to lamp
posts, one on Fifteenth street, near the
river, and the other three miles away in
Clanborne avenue, North side. This
summary action has checked the thieves
and murderers.
The arrival of firemen and engines
from Milwaukee, St. Louis and other cit
ies has apparently restored confidence.
The Cincinnati train arrived this morn
ing with four engines, three from that
city and one from Dayton. They were
seventeen hours on the way, having to
change their route twice and finally came
via. Pegina and Logansport. There was
an inexpressible pleasure in seeing these
experienced firemen go right to work in
busines) way where work was most
needed. They are playing on coal piles
to save whatever of fuel is possible and
preventing a further spread of the flames.
The vast plain is covered with people
wandering about seeing the evidence of
a wealth that has completely vanished
in flames and smoke. A few business
men with some nerve are seeking houses
for business in the West side. Rooms
that were rented last week for $50 now
readily command $500. There are not
many of these, but enough to allow a few
business men to start
MANY FIREMEN KILLED.
A large number of firemen were kill
ed, they did their duty nobly, but the
streams of water on the burning blocks
were like fountain jets against the awful
heat of the conflagration.
DESOLATION.
Desolation and sorrow universally pre
vail. The river is impassable between
the West and South divisions, except at
the twelfth bridge, all others being burn
ed, and it is feared this remaining one
will be crushed beneath the overwhelm
ing traffic. Five thousand poor families
are homeless and penniless. Help should
be sent at once to the poor. The wind is
still boisterous, and If it turns North
nothing can save the Western division.
The present loss is estimated at from one
i i i -ii. -i
uuuuiru iu iwu uuuureu minion dollars.
The fire-proof buildings burned like tin
der, especially banks, not one of which
remain. Few business houses saved even
their papers. Thcwhole population was
busy all night, and the streets are now
like a bivouac with sleeping men. The
loss of life is impossible to estimate. The
shipping ordered into the North branch
of the river was sent adrift into Lake
Michigan. Many vessels were burned.
All business is suspended, and must re
main so for the preeent.
INCENDIARIES SHOT OR HUNG.
A dispatch at six o'clock Tuesday
evening says that incendiaries were hung
and that several bad been shot or hung.
TERRIBLE LOS8 OF LIFE.
As the details of the fire come the hor
rors are appalling. There was a great
battle with the fire at the Tribune office,
which at first was supposed to be fire
proof. The Custom House and the Mat
teson block, in Dearborn street, had
burned, and those who had fought the
flames her.e thought at last this block
could be saved. The patrol men, under
Samuel Medill, swept off the live coals
aud put out the flames in the sidewalk,
and anothor under Joseph Medill watch
ed the rooms. At half-past seven this
appeared safe, and most of the men went
to get rest or food. A number weut to
sleep in the Tribune building, but there
was a change of wind and the flames
reached Wabash aud State streets and
Michigan avenue, aud soon the McVic
ker's Theatre caught fire. In a few min
utes the Tribune was in flames, and at
the last moment sleeping men were
arousjd and rescued. By ten o'clock in
the forenoon this remaining block was
in ashes. From 50,000 to 75,000 men,
women and children were now fleeing by
every avenue, street and alley to the
south and westward attempting to save
thoir lives. Every vehicle was brought
into requisitioju, for the use of which
enormous prices were paid. Thousands
of persons and horses inextricably com
mingled poor people of all colors and
shades, mad with excitemeut, struggled
with each other to get away. It is esti
mated that five hundred people were
burned to death.
Hundreds were trampled under foot.
Men and women loaded with bundles aud
household goods to whose skirts were
clinging tender infants half dressed and
barefooted, were seeking a place of safe
ty. Hours afterward those might have
been seen in vacant lots or on the streets
far in the suburbs stretched in the dust
It is fearful to think of the loss of life.
It is conjectured, with good cause that
nearly 500 have been burned to death.
There was a crowd of men around the
Caroa building trying to save property
when the walls fell in aud buried several
beneath it. Twelve or fifteen men aud
women rushed into the building of the
Historical Society, a fire-proof building
for safety. In a few minutes the flames
burst upon them and they were burned
to death. Among those who took ref
uge in this building was Col. Samuel
Stone, 80 years of age, also John B. Ge
rad and wife and Madame Depelgram, a
noted teacher of music. It is feared that
Dr. Fererarand family also perished as
they have not been seen aince.
Mrs. Barton Edsall, whose husband
was murdered last week, and who was
suffering from illness, was carried away
tor protection to a building wnicb was
afterward consumed, and it is feared
that she also perished. All the books
and papers of the Historical Society, in
cluding the original copy of the famous
emancipation proclamation of President
Lincoln for which the society paid $25,
000 were destroyed. It is feared that a
large number of children, inmates of th-
Catholic Orphan Society on State street'
were also burned. On Chicago avenue
a father rushed up stairs to carry three
children away, when he was overtaken
by the flames, and perished with them.
The mother was afterward seen on the
street, a raving maniac. A neighboring
family of five persons also perished
Hundreds of families on northwest side
saved no clothing and barely their lives.
people to-night, and if the morning
Comes without any robberies we will
tbauk GoJ. Meetings of citizens iu the
West aud North eidei will be held dur
ing the rest of the night.
A TERRIBLE RUMOR.
There Is a rumor that iu a burnt black
smith shop on Rush street, the bodies of
fifteen men were found burnt to a crisp,
they having rushed into the shop to es
cape the (lames, which surrounded them
before thoy discovered their peril.
GREAT NUMBERS OF PEOPLE M1SSINO.
An immense number of people are miss
ing, an J for the purpose of aiding iu
discovery for the missing, a central intel
ligence office lias been established, where
are collected the names of missing ones
and given to the police.
MEANNESS.
W hile there are many instances of
generous devotion on the part of rich
aud poor in dividing with the destitute,
these are paiuful instances of meauuess
and selfishness. One person tryinir to re
move valuable papers from his office ask
ed two firemen to help him. They refus
ed unless they were paid $50, and the
papers were destroyed. Drivers of ex
press wagons took $100 and even $500
for an hour's use of their vehicles.
Among the sad scenes was the appear
ance of a hundred men and boys beastly
intoxicated around the streets iu the
North division, where stocks of liquors
were turned into the streets, aud turn
ished a convenient opportunity for the
gratification of their slavish propensities.
There is hardly a doubt but many of
these poor wretches were burned to death
in the flames."
Mew l'uhlu-ntions.
"Little Folks Songs," is the title of
a book just received from Cheney
Clapp Brattleboro, published by Hurd
A Houghton, Cambridge Riverside Press.
This is a new collection of nursery rhymes
gotten up in a manner to please the little
ones. It is priuted on fine tinted paper
is nicely illustrated and will be a wel
come gift to any of the smll people.
'The Judge's Pets,' is auother story
for young readers, and is a series of sto
ries concerning the Judge's family, and
their dumo friends. Price $1 25. This
is also from Cheney Clupp and pub
lished by Hurd Houghton.
Chcsiipcake Uhios-Five Twtn.
ties Central ratifies.
Bummis Orrict or
riBK &HATCR
Ko. 5, JVuwkiu Street, AVw York.
Of the FIFTEEN MILLION CHESAPEAKE Lt
OHIO SIX PKK CENT LOAN, but about W,5Uj,(v
remain unaoiu, ana mis reiuaiuuer win i taken,,
rupidly.
The Ave years' option having expired on all serial
of FIVE-TWENTY BONDS, except 1S!T ana m
they are liable to be oalled In for payment. The rc.
dcinption of 1UJ million. FIVE T W EN TIES in ci,
and the purchase, by the Uoverumeut durini th,
ensuing four inuntha, with the premium thereoa,
will release about ISO million! of invented capital,
independently of dividend and Interest payment
the greater part of wnlch must seek reinvestment,
THE CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO S1XKS
have absolutely 30 yean to run are especially j,.
sirablefor Heady investments, and can now k.
bought
IT prr real. Ire tlinw tru forties,
SO per rrnt. I fee lama fr'lvo-lweaiiea.
A prr oral. Ire laaa tilxea at 1S8I,
and are equally lure to be paid principal and inter
eitt in gold coin. Their amount Ut limited by th
Trust Deed to fl5.0U0.UUD. Price (at preeent) 03 ij
accrued interest, that U. with coupou attached, pay.
able Nov. 1.
tl.UK) Chesapeake and Ohio llond coats to-dai
y.wi.its.
SoUU Chesapeake and Ohio Bond coata to-day $477.
(18.
Chesapeake and Ohio Bond costs to-day t.';-
42.
Only a email amount of the latter denominations
remains, and no morecan be made. Bonds are is
trillion or registeied form, sameaa Five-twenties,
this debt is created by the Chesapeake and Ohio
Kailroad Company in order more speedily and effect
ualiy to extend and complete the main line of their
Koad to the Ohio Kiver. This work to kuaai in.
aortnut lutrraal luprereairal mow are.
areeeins ia Ike eeaalrj-is rapidly approach
ing completion. It will establish another and supe
rior line of communication between the Ohio and
M issiasippi valleys and the eastern cities bringing
ten millions of people, mainly producers, nearer to
the centres of consumption in the Eastern States,
and nearer to the political and commercial capitals
of their country. Such ia the commanding import,
anceof this Trunk Line that the larger cities of thi
West are projecting feeders to connect with it. so n
to avail themselves of its nneqaalled facilities at
oon as it is completed. Large tracta of valuable
coal and iron lands along iu route are passing into
the hands of practical miners and iron manufactur
ers a large city is springing up. at the western ter
minus, the head of reliable navigation on the Ohie
where it intersect 12,000 miles of river transit. aLd
will soon be in connection with 30,0uu miles of rail
road carriage.
The CiVTH.L Pacific Six Fir Cra-r. Bosds area
safe for investments as Government bonds. Their
amount fixed b act of Congress at $'3. is.'., tin. a le-
cured by property worth four timea their value .-they
can only be bought in the open market, ami are he
coming scarcer in consequence of their gradual ab
sorption by investors here and in Europe; they
nave a ready asarkel la all Ike principal
saearyrral rest, and have still twenty-foar yean
to run; the earnings of the road aresteadily increas
ing, and will probably reach $10,000,000 for (hear
rent year, affordiug a handsome surplus after pit
inent of expenses and interest. Present price, liu.
to 1W.
W hen the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad is ec
pteted, in 17;;, and the Bunds are dt-att to at
i-ttot-k c.xc-bangos of tbe world, we bave no d
GEN. SHERIDAN IN THE FIGHT.
In the Southern district the fire was
first stayed by the blowing up of build
ings under the direction ot Gen. Sheri
dan, who has been untiring in his usual
vigor in rendering aid.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
Late on Sunday evening a boy went
into a stable on Diskower street, near the
river, on the west side, to milk a cow,
carrying a kerosene lamp with him. Thi
was kicked over by the cow, and the
burning fluid was scattered among the
straw. This was the beginning of the
great fire. A single extinguisher on the
ground or activity of the police in tear-ingdoft-n
two or three shanties, would have
prevented tbe spreading of flames, but
the engineer was waited for, and when he
arrived, the firemen, stupefied by their
exertions at the first fire on Saturday
night, worked slowly and clumsily, and
their efforts were unavailing. The wind
blew a gale from tbe southwest, and rap
idly the flames shot, from house to house,
and until the district burned the night
before was reached.
TWENTY-THREE DEAD BODIES.
Twenty-three dead bodies have been
taken to tbe station house on the North
side, but it is impossible as yet to know
who they are.
TERRIBLE SCENES OF SUFFERING.
The suffering on the North hide is
heartrending. Fifty thousand men, wo
men and children are huddled together
like wild animals, and in other places
17,000 Germans and Irish are praving
for relief. Helpless children are seek
ing bread. Their heart broken parents,
who know not which way to turn or w hat
to say, can do nothing but await the dis
tribution of supplies, which must be slow.
Several women who were in the pains of
child-birth and patients were removed
from their beds of sickness to save their
lives, and were exposed to the rains on
Monday night, and the cold rain winds
of Tuesday. Several deaths have oc
curred at Lincoln park, and three wo
men brought their children into the
world only to die. Another night must
be spent in Lincoln park and the brick
fields at Division street, and yet another
and another. Each train is loaded to
iu fullest capacity, taking people away,
and every train is obliged to leave five
timea as many passengers as it takes.
Every precaution ia taken to guard the
The Persian Horror. Savil Dick
inson wiites from Teheran, Persia, under!
date of September 7, giving an account
of the condition of affairs in tbe famine
stricken proviuce of Khorassau. He
says that iu July 80U0 persons perished
in the city of Meschid, and 40,000 in
habitants of the province hail been car
ried off iuto slavery by the Afghans, who
had taken advantage of the general dis
organization to make incursions for plun
der. The bakers demanded such exhor
bitant prices for bread that the authori
ties had intervened, and a number of ex
tortioners had been executed. Mr. Dick
inson saysthat the country is disturbed by
frequent insurrections. The pestilence
still rages, aud its horrors are increased
by destructive inundations. Yet, not
withstanding the fearful situation of the
country and tbe people, tue Persian gov
ernment have refused to avail itself of
aid proffered by the governments of
Great Britain and Ilussia.
Mrs. Scott-Siddous has the largest
engagements of any person in the lecture
field this winter.
Sudden deaths in Connecticut
Mary Dillon of New Haven, aged 90,
dropped dead on Thursday while pick
ing up chips: Walstein Wheelock of
Westfield, died ins'antly from heart dis
ease recently John Waketnan of West
port, died suddenly Thursday, from the
excitement of a horse race.
A man whose father owns the Get
tysburg burying ground, insisted as a
couple of confederate dead were lately
being removed, upon keeping the gold
plate in which the false teeth of oue of
them were set, as he was entitled to all
treasures fouud on his land.
While II. E. Brown of Green Bay,
Wis., was trying to pull a spike from a
plank with a hammer, the utensil slip
ped, striking a loaded pistol in his pock
et, which exploded, the ball passing
through hie abdomen ami killing him
instantly.
m
tuey will be equally popular witn tue Central i'a
K-s. Both principal auil mtcroat ot the Central il
cine and Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds, are .peciu .1
ly payaolein gold coin in New lork; the inter. I
oil the loriuer lieuig paid Juuary and July, aud I
the latter. May and November, correponiiiig wit.t
the two itetl of r ive-tweotlea.
We reojujuiend eltuer ot tbein to our friends an.
iHouters with the saase ctnHtiear ibiai m
dial Ibe I'iie-iwcal; baa, when ee wert
selling millions of them for the Lulled filaies (ju
eminent.
We boy and sell Five-Twenties. Ten-Fortiei,
Elgbly Onea. and Oulral or VI eeleru Pacibcs. or rt-
ceive thin in pavuieul lor I iieswpeaae auu
B, nrs at their market curreutprice.
Orders lor CbeMipeuke and ouio jionds, accomtuc-1
ied wiui Dralu or Checks, may be forwarded at ft' I
mail. Bolide or money may be forwarded by anr re
upon ible Kxpress Company at our expense, aou i
Chc-apea ke and Ohio Bonds, in exchange, win M
seul by return Express, charges paid. f.
FtcKE 4 HATCH, f
P. S. Accounts of Banks, Bankers aud others rc
ceived on which we allow Four per Cent interest.
Certificates ol deposit uuued and collections Bi;i s
in all paru ot the Cuion. i
Haavav Fimk.
A. a. Hatch.
CURE FOR SCRATCHES
Warranted sure and opeedyeure in all cate of
Scratched on Horevtt; also cures ChIIcs, GiiIIb, f5re,
Hprains, Cows' Sore Teats and ieth Wounds of
whatever nature. Price W cents and S1.0U. Manu
factured by
J. R. HALL,. NewMrl, Vt.
And sold by DruKists generally.
GEO. C. GOODWIN k CO. and HENRY CO..
General A yen is. 'do-4H
AT S. E. MOORE'S
NEW FURNITURE STORE,
ON WESTMIXSTES STREET
vVILL befonnd a good assortment of PARLOR
and CHAM Bh.il Furniture, also Common furniture
BtUSiliADa.
BUREAUS,
CHAIRS.
MATTRASSES from M.OOand upward.. FlLuUWS
and JdAil RAsSES made of Sponge, also i'iiATll
LKa of didereut grades.
UPHOLSTERY GOODS.
MIRRORS of all styles Mirror Plates. Oval and
Square Picture Frames, Cord and Picture knoba. Ao.
ate Also a good aeasortment of
CASKETS COFFINS
All foods I sell in this villare will bedelirered id
rood order frae of tharpe. Alo rood sold to go out
of f own will be pat kerf iq the best manner to aToid
d.atu?Pby trantHr.tion. All (ool8 i burl bv
CAH for. and get them as low mm cah will bnYm
toodartwle,and I sell for a Reasonable Profit tnot
Leas than Cart, TiiA I i faihm.,) ul I do
S S,10 d,T,4 "y profit, perhaps eaa afford to
tell for leas prom uaa some otner.
k imn u oeiora purcnas;
BaUows Falls. Mar 1. 1871.
ing elsewhere.
IX
K MOORS.
le
The Cause and Cureot C'on.stiiHptior
The primary cause of Consumption is demur J
nieut ol the Uige;tive orgaus. low deramceiuct
produces deucttut nutrition and pciioilitiiou.
aM0.ui.iat ion 1 mean Uiat prunes by winch I lie nau.
uu'itt ui the loud is converted uiio blood, aoU iht-u-S
inio the suiitig of the body, fersuna with aigi I
thus i ui pared, havuijfltie dlighttKtt predpoilivs; j
puitnuimry Urease, oril they Utke cold, will he vr
liable to have Conuiuitiou ol tue Lungs iu ouif
il tortus and I hold that it will be iuiuieio.
cure any eae olUonitumptton wuh.uttiri rentunn!
a good digestion and beaitliy ajw.unlattion. Itieir
nm tiling to oe Uoue ucleau the a Umic ti u t
oonreiii troui aii Uieated mucua aud shine bic6
clogging thece orgtLnn m that they eanuot peMw.
their iuuvtious, aud then ruue up ana revtorr l.
livr to hemthv at-Lion. For itiui uuioose. U-
nuretttand bust reineuy u ek-heuek MauUiake
J eiee r ills cleanse tue suiiuavn auu bowel ui
the dead and uiorbtd iliuiu that ii cauning ilwt'
and decay in the whotesyitteui. Xhey will ciearu.
the liver ot all dinearfeu bile that has aet'uuiui"'
there, aud arouce it up to a new and heallb atiiv.
by which natural ana healthy bile u secreted.
'1 be stutuach. bowels and liver are tnus ctesoi
by the use ol en-henck i Mandrake fills buiwnf
remain iu me sunuai'n au exceas 01 aciu. m
is torpid, and the appetite is poor, in tbe
the lacteal are weak, and requiring strength
nupport. It is in a condition line this that focueB1
Seaweed louic proves to be tbe inuet valuable"9
ely ever discovered. It is alkaiiue, aud its u.e
neutralize ail excess ot avid, making the stun)1
sweet and tresb it w ill give permanent tone tu (i
and itrciturn Llie avxtt-m lor Lite brut uivccm ot lr
guoa digestion, ana ultimately make govi. licaUh),;
living tlNu. Alter idw preparatory
what remains to cure mot case ot vunsuiuitviuD
the tree and persevering uxe ol oebenca a ru.uu'iir
b rup. 'Ibe fuluiontv cyrup nourishes the sbV
purities the blood, and u readily absorbed miu J:
circulation, auU theuce distributed to the dieea
I u tigs. Id ere it ripens all morbid matters, wuu-
10 the form ul abcese or tubercles, and itit-n
aims .Nature o expel all tbe acveaeed matter m
lonu ol tree expectoration, when once it ripens.
is then, i the great bealiug and puriliiig prof
ties ol ftciieutk s fulmonie brup.lbat ail uic;
and cavities are healed up sound and my paiieni
cured. i
1 tie essential th:ng to be done in caring Coiwunn
tiuuistoaet up a good appetite aud a good ilitf t
siou, so t Hat tue body will grow in llesb aiii
lining. It a perron has dc-ceased lungs, a caiu f
abates there, the cavny cauuut heal, tbe nm i
cuuot rtpen, so long as tbe system is below pa j
Vt hat w necessar to cure is a new order ol Uiii4
agood appetite, a good nutrition, the body togr i
in fleeh and get lat; tbeu .Nature is helped, -l
cavities will beal, the matter will npeu au
thrown oil in Urge quantities, and tbe pernio 1
gain health audsuength. JLuis is the true auu
plan to cure Consumption, and it a person is
bsul, it tbe lungs are not entirely destroyed, or t
11 one lung is entirely gone, it there i cdo-v
vitality lett in tue other to beal up, there is fa"!
i bave seen, many persons cured with ouiy
Sfuud lung, live and enjoy lite tu a good old Nf -i
Ibis is what Schenck s uiediciuea will doUici
CoudUinmion. Xhey will clean out the stuB:-
sweeteu and strengthen it. get up a good tliti-i
and give mature tne assistance sue needs to etc"
ssteui ui all the disease that is in the lungs.
ever tbetonn may be.
It is important that, while using Schenfi'
cities, cure stiouia be exercised not to ta&e
keep in -doors in coot and damp weattjeT-v
intent air, and bike out door exercise omy
ai and warm sunshine.
I i ul. it .ii-.iM-.iiv nJ.ntnnii IK,, .hen Irer-
mend a patient to be caret u1 in regard to takio
whue using my medicines. 1 do so lor a bP1
son. A man who has but partially recovered
the etleets ot a bad cold is tar more liable tea r
than one who has been entirely cured, aud itsn
cisely tbe same in regard to Consumption. ty
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just seit,B3
there imminent danger of a full return ol tbop
ease. Iteuce it is that i so slrenuout-iy cauttf j
uionery patients against ex nosing themselul-.
Ma-ll-KIitlHrM I halt Id wi.it at ai A nl auueMsat. 1
firmed consumptives' lungs are a mass ol
wmcn tue least cbange ol atmoepl
ibe grand secret ol my surceai w
confK-tsin my ability to subdue in
ol provoking it. aeuiauv of the lacu
tiduied tuns Mnniit wiiii aiuta.t v ia the? natieOt
posed to uie biting blasts of winterer the
winds of spring or autumn. It should be crfJ"
shielded from all irritating influences. '1 he
caution should be observed in Ibis parties-
without it a cure under almost any circuit-
an tmpossibitty. iv
ibe person should be kept on a wholesome
tntioutt diet, aud alt tbe medicines continued
tht body has restored to u tbe natural muuw
flesh and strength.
I was msell cured by this treatment oi
kind of Consumption, and have lived to I'11.,,?.
hearty these many years, with one lung oiofw t
I have cured thousands since, aud very B1BjIKfti
been cured by ibis treatment whom i t
seen.
About tbefirst of October I expect to tak JJV t
sion of my new building at the north-east eor
6ixtb and Arch streeu, where 1 shall be pi0"
give advice to all who may require it-
r uii a i reel iuij accompany all my c"'"r.
that a person in any part of tbe world caa oe
ly cured bja strict observance of the ti 9
GEO. C. COODWI.V a COj Air
BOSTQX.
and pleaaanl- 1 4
re a mass 01 i
ipbere will t"I
with my nieui 1
iinainuiationia
laeully do. At 1
a ...nenl IX t