M
1:,
r'urni, toirden and llniiaeliidd.
i i l'lTilUMl. Olio (limit sweet
milk,
oakt
seven Mgl stir h .til! us u
mtii' hot with HHHMi
I n I'm vi nt Hiikaii riioM Phtino.
K. p ii i't (doth wound tha loal Unit li
In ii cut from, untl wet iivcry time ufti r
a tin ul.
'I'd 1'M'KIK ('aMiAUK. (Jlmrtcr tliclll
till tln'.v ere thin anough to lei tin' viiir
nr strike iIimukIi put then down in
layers with plot) milt, iiihI TinMM lOftld
our vinegar as often m Ii Qeoeeeerv to
III ike tl i Ml tender
v i a n r. Boil tlx potetoM without the
kitiN ml'l hix tiilli'npooafuls of Hour,
OU6 tOMpOOBful ol Salt, OBi iilul'ter pint
til brown sugar, Mmdi tin whole, luiv
ing poured over the mixture pint of
tin m liter ill which tlm potutoi h were
boiled, icalding lot. Whan lukewarm
add ball a pint ol yeast, Kioellent f ir
biscuit.
BncsD Apnaa. Eight pound of np
plea, pared, four pouna of sugar, one
quart of Tin agar, one ounce itioa oinna
tnon, balf-ounoa ol olovea, Boil tin'
stager, vinegar, and spices together
pul in th' apples when boiling, and lei
tlii in remain until tender (about twenty
minutes). Juki' them mi', and put
tin in in a jar Boil down the syrup until
it is thick, and pm.r itovcr.
Gobi or BrAJOtmiHo. Keep the teeth
oloae together, and before attempting to
peak, inspiri deeply then give time
for quiet utterance, and after a very
slight praetioe, the hesitation ill tm re
lieveil. No spaamodio action of the
lower jaw must l- permitted to separate
the teeth when speaking, This plan,
regularly carried out for m montha will
insure luooees,
Wiiitr Mountain Cars. Four eon..
well beaten, with two enps ami a half of
white augar, one heaping oup ol butter,
one cup sour milk, one teaspoonful of
soda, live oups of Sour, one teaap iouful
of vanilla, one of lemon, a heaping cup
of raisins, (whole without stoning), h .i
a oup ol oandied orange-peel and citron
ilioed, half a cup of almond mi ata sliw d
It is a delicious oake, ami this amount
aril make two common sized ones.
To Stop Bmckdino. Bleeding from n
wound on man or beaal may be stopped
by a mixture of wheal Hour ami com
mon Mil', iii equs parts, bound on with
a cloth. It the bleeding is profuse use
alar quantity, say from one to three
pin It may l' left on for hours, or
eve days, if necessary. Tie' person
who gave this recipe says in this man
ner besuved the life of a horse which
was bleeding from a wounded artery
the bleeding ceased live minutes after
the application. It has been success
fully applied in other oases.
PBOTEOTION HUom Btbu?xd-Buo8. I.
It. Smith of 1'atnioH, Ohio, wrote to the
Farmers' Club, that a solution of salt
peter two ounces to ii gallon of water
will destroy the Striped-bug. He tried
it anil saved his squashes two years. Mr.
Lyman, A trucker with whom I talked
the other day said he kept the Striped-
bug oil' his vines by planting a small
tomato plant iii each hill. The tomato
comes 11)1 first and offends the Iiuk by its
smell the pest accordingly leaves.
When this is accomplished, ami the
tomato plant has reached its third or
fourth leaf, it is killed. Mr. Ely. Yes,
that is coming a Qank movement on the
bugs, like the fellow who planted a plain
of corn in each potato hill. The corn
came up (list, and the potato bugs who
were lying around loose waiting for the
appearance of the crop they delight to
feed en, thought they had gotten into a
cornfield by mistake, and forthwith in
continently led.
Notes fob Bcttkb Maxebs. One
inch and a half--shallower' instead of I
deeper is the proper depth to set the j
milk. Zino pana are better than tin, and
the eooler the place win re there is a cir-
snhitioii of air, the better. Skimming
must be done before eurds form, or el
after they have solidified, Hotter if you
want the best butter; better if you want
the most, but never half way between,
unless you are more for your convenience
in the matter than your profit. We ad
vis, churning every day, if the cows
number half a dozen. Butter washed in
clear cold water in the churn is not in
jured, while considerable labor is saved,
and the less manipulation with the hand
while in the churn and while out of it
the better. There is a "grain" to but
ter, as well as a delectable something
in the taste, which the hand and even
the paddle can annihilate. (Jse oak
boxes for marketing, and if the rules are
carefully followed, the result must be
satiefaotory.
To Wean a Com. It is not necessary
nor oven desirable that in weaning the
colt should be removed from the mare.
It is a good plan to have a closed stall
or box for her colt next to each mare's
stall she can then communicate in her
own way with her colt, and will not be
as uneasy as she would be were it re
moved out of sight, nor will the eolt
suffer in any way. Care must be taken
to give the colt water four times a day,
and feed with the best of the early-CUt
hay. nnd gradually a few oats, a hand
ful at a feed at first, until n pint twice a
day is fed. Colts must be kept thriving
Uta good horse is wanted. The curry
comb must be used, but. gently tin
young animal be careened and taught
not to fear but love ite owner to become
used to the various movements made
around the stable, and the various arti
cles contained therein. It should be
taught to lead" now, ii this baa been
neglected lip to this time. If there is
any danger of the mare becoming
troubled with exooea ol milk it must be
drawn from her. and dry feed bo given
until all danger is passed. W in n shu is
quite dry tho oolt Daj tale lercim
With her. but previous to tins it will b.
better in tin- liable.
CotiKtNO I'oiatoks ron Swim. s
the season for diguing potat lea is nt
hand, it is well to consider the most eeo
nornicd mode of dealing with tbe small
ones. Ofte n farmers are so mistaken as
s save them for seed but as tbe seed is
to will the oroji be. Plant small potatoes,
and the crop w ill be small potatoes."
Small potatoes maybe felt' hoes in
such a manner ss to return a fair value,
Hut thev must not be fed raw. I ho remit
of all the experiments e bsVS heard or
n ail of. as well ns tho-e made bv our
selves, shows that potatoes are much
more profitable when fed cooked than
when fil raw The extra labor and Im I
arc well paid for. .A go. d plan is t boil
them in a large in n kettle, set in un
arehwny of roupb stone i which econo
mizes fuel, anil boil a few bu-heis :,t a
time. When eooki d thev are dipped
out, with all the water, into a barrel, and
a jxvk of corn-meal mi. d with .each
bushel of potatoes. The no id is thus
thoron My soahb-d. Whii the mess is
cold, it may le feri. If tan harrels are hady finallr interposed t. supprest the of settlement thus far acted upon and
kept, one nill lie ftl'y riol. and will he unfitness of sen laniruaae toward his td justed ate as follows From t Ic Si c-f-oraewhat
fermenta-d. while the other is nea.K-inte. ahen he reiilied. hv, I ond Auditor. 198.446.896 Third tndt-
irr-parni(.'. v e woiild not art vise any
warm feed to lwcivon to hogs. It has
generally resulted ia pfodwetTal a dis-
eaned atate of tho liver, and coriseqrientlv
unwholesome pork. Fermented food, on
the other hand, seems to 1 agreeahle to
them, and aholoaoma.
The Fbrtla ITreefcerii
Many of tlm Florida wreckers ure na
tlves of Connecticut The town ol
Mystic seems to supply a larg propor
tion, Tha Bahama have aupphwdaoma
of the wreckers of this coast. Tlievnn
called conks, and are not so reliable,
enterprising 01 intelligent TheFlorida
wrecker, speaking f the vessel need, i
much like the schooner of the northern
fishermen, Probably no reaael floats
Hint ennuis these in safetv and Ipei d
The pilot boea
usualli I. 'leer. A
urn like them, hut
cant. tin 'itul hi x men
constitute the usual crew. In Itn.t in
stances two vessels work III cnillpliMV.
As it often hiiniHTM that several vesaela
ale owned by one company tin y take
stations so lis to cover the wrecking
ground to good advantage, in im Cape
Florida to Key Wist liaboul two bun
dred and fifty miles; on this ground,
which Is a fatal one for shipping, the
wrecking vesaela are stationed within
sight of each other, and sitfti lis are pass-
ed on tha discovery of a w reck From
Cape Florida northward the coast is open
t.i tin ui ninl no shelter is afforded
the wrecking -oraft, lor this reason
the wricked vessels are often noi visited
by wreckers fur several days after they
go ashore T here is a such a luirvi" I
of wrecks, iu f:M-t, after a storm on this
Coast that the wreckers are obliged to
confine their duties to the ground they
have been a atching.
Indian Key, about midway between
Cape Florida and Key West, is the rec
ognised rendezvous of the wreckers.
In former days, when tltere were great
numbers of ahipa laden with cotton
passing out from the Qull to our own
ports Hml those of the Old World, wrt oks
were, of course, more common, A vast
amounl "f wealth was curried by even
one ship, am' if the vessel I me hope
lessly stranded a rich harvest wits enjoy
ed by the w reokers. Tin harvest, let
us snow plainly, is a purely legitimate
matter of business, Tin- wreckers tit
out and man their vessels or tiny are
fitted by Companies, and are lot-ally al
lowed by lioenae to pursue the calling.
As we have shown, they station their
crafts on certain ground, and thereby
net as watchful sentiiuls. Should life
he in danger when a wreck is discovered,
and should the vessel happen to go
ashore in a heavy storm, it is fortunate
for the sailor or traveller that these
vigilant, (earless watchers are it hand.
Win n life is saved, then a goodly num
ber of stout men are ready to bargain
for the restoration of the ship and cargo.
This may he done by a private arrange
ment, or by the notion of the I'niled
Slates Marine Court at Key West. The
owners of tic vessel 1, re obliged to pay
certain amounts to each member of the
wrecking vessel as salvage, The vessel
has its share, the oaptain or chief wreck
er his, and the crew their portion. To
fully appreciate the services of these
men we need only imagine them re
moved from these pi. I 'i s. What loBS of
life would there be in times of hurricane.
What Buffering from hunger and thirst
upon uninhabited wastes, where al
most insurmountable barriers prevent
an escape inland,
Tln se wreckers of Florida, far from
being landsharks and pirates, as many
have imagined them, are known, as a
elass, to be humane, kindly and holiest.
I have known some of them personally,
and having regarded them only "s noble
and upright men.- Exchange.
A Case for a Novel,
The story of a young man of good
family being incarcerated for a longtime
in a lunatic asylum by his relatives
in order to prevent his contracting
a marriage ju opposition to their wishes,
as described in Charles Reode's novel ol'
"Hard Cash. seems verv improbable t"
American readers yel oases quits as
extraordinary are frequently reported
in the British newspapers, and if all the
secrete of our ow n lunatic asylums
could be brought to light, it is possible
that some equallv startling revelations
a. Id be made. A late London paper
gives the details ol a case winch one
j would scarcely suppose could occur in
the nineteenth century and in a civilized
country. An Irish gentleman, named
Mr. Alfred Menders, who is possessed
of a property of 820,000 a your, and
who is a partner in the well-known linn
of .Mamies .V Co., at the instance of
his brother and his own wife, was placed
in a private lunatic asylum at FiuglllSS,
in April. I860, and still remained in con
finement there on the 18th of August
last, although the) is every reason to
believe that he is perfectly Nine. During
the whole period of his incarceration,
extending through t wenty -seven months,
he whs not visited either by his brother
or his wife. After n long time he con
trived to communicate witb his solicitor,
a Mr. Lewis, who went to the asylum
and demanded an interview with him.
but was refused by Dr Duncan, the
proprietor. A clerk of Mr. Lewis hav
ing succeeded in obtaining an interview
with Mr. Mau lers, the latter was there
after debarred from taking exercise in
the pleasure grounds. Finally, on the
18th of August, a writ of baiieas corpus
was taken out directing Duncan to pro
duce his prisoner so that the necessary
steps might be taken for determining
his mental condition and testing the le
gality of his confinement, At the time
of applicati ui for the w rit, letters from
Mi. Mi nders that were sensibly and in
telligently written were rend, nnd also
the affidu vita of two keepers who had
attended the unfortunate in. in for seve
ral months, and both of whom testified
that In w as perfectly sane.
Si'MMHH Hoi sks IN HoLLAlTD. Iii al
most all the "aniens in Holland is built
a kind of summer-house, generally paint
tsl in bright, glaring colors, looking like
an immense flower. No matter how
small the plot of ground may be, it is
sure to be bud out iii Innumi ruble little
beds ot fanciful desitrn, which are filled
with tne most grogenaa-nuea tuitpa, and
ill the mi, elle is plnoeu one ot these
arbors. s mm quaint name, like
"Abode ol l.ove," or Heart's Rest,"
is Inscribed over the door, anil within
it, at the eool of the evening, may lie
seen its owner s'owlv putting bis pipe
und g t.ing oonipli,-ntlv at his flowers
orbunkingai the reflection o( the sun
set in the slmnzisb water of the omni-
present canal
Perhaps vou'll timl two
mi enips ii- mere, their portlv tonus
dimly visible through the e-'loud tf
smoke, while their ei versatioii will
consist of oeeaaiiaial n nayllnhVia ut
tered between slow whills.
That Foolish I i. Iu Toledo. Ohio,
recently, the attention of a lady w is at
tracted to a couple of boys in the street,
ote of whom, seemingly add renal ng the
other, was expressing his iiidigiuitian in
the most bitter term-. Von fool, you,"
he .it on "you fool; I'm a-dntm, d
of you. You're the very dnrndest fn.il
I ever did see; confound VOU The
aasn t tnlkine to tins Ikvv I wns talking
to my dog here. Why. don't yon be
here', ma'am, the fo.il harked "at that
stone dog hack there in that doorvard
Why. darn him, I won't be followed hv
a dog that don't know mors than that
IThshvdygavs up the job and retired.
fcrtiiuiliiitr Case.
A vary curious case haa bean on trial
In one ol the Pennsylvania courts. In
1809 a young man made a oontracl with
Barker A Co., wool dealers, of Pitta
burgh, to furnish abont three thous t
pouuds of wool, representing him elf lo
he a son of one John Dinsmore, II Well
know larmer living in Smith town ip
lie then Bad a purchase of the wool
from Mr Dinsmore, nt thm 1 1 in- ri pre
en Una himsi It to la- an srnnl ol Bat Iter
Co., and tin- WOO) was shipped in '.cel.-
Furnished I that tirm, the tun ot laiinu-
bowing t ti.it tlm shipment was from
Ihli-lnore I
rival of th
Jarki r A I n. tin the ar
oo at Pittsburg it was
tale ii from the railroad depot, ami a re
ceipt given tor it signed either by toe
enterpriaing young man who a i e n
dnctina the business, or by the drayman
emuloved bv Bui ker A- Co. which -l
the two was a disputed poiul before tin
jury. At any 'ate, the wool went to the
warehouse of the til in. who paid the pie
tended son of Dilll re tie' Sum agreed
upon.
after Which that young man loll
for parts in. Known
few days aft
r
ward tho farmer had been the real
owner of the wool applied o Barker A
Co., for his money, having hi en told
that it Would be ready for him at that
time, and Iho dleooverj w is ma le that
the young ina.i was a swindler, who had
deceived both parties, The farmer
naturally wanb d to be paid for his wool,
while the wool dealers, 1 aving paid the
man who has delivered to them, rpiite
as naturally considered that they bad
nothing to do with any transactions be
tween that individual and Mr. Dinsmore.
The latter brought suit in Allegheny
Distriot Court for tho value of the wool,
and, after one trial in which the jury
failed to agree, gained a verdict for lie
snm of 83, 121.71. the Judge instructing
the jui y that as Dinamore had consign d
the propel tj to l!;irler .V Co., and the
hitler had received the consignment, the
paymet t of the proceeds to pny third
party must be at the risk of the pur
OtlOSer, An appea was taken to the
.Supreme lourt.
Building Societies Prosperous in I jiglaml.
In London, there are 52,000 members
of Q,000 Building Societies whioh have
made returns, possessing 4,217,000 of
assets and tin umber ol sooietiea ia be
lieved to bo really double the number
stated, many very important societies
being omitted in the returns, In addi
tion, there are Land Societies, which
sei ve a similar purpose, and owning 1.
111111,00(1. The Building Societies ot
London alone will thus own uboul 10,
000,000, divided into 100,000 members,
who Constitute a very huge item in the
population ol the metropolis. Many of
the members are of the middle class,
clerks and shopmen.
ISiiihllng Societies nro even more de
veloped out of London than in it. Lan
cashire alone is est mated lo have 1,428
sooieties, wiih nearly 50,C) memberi
but these are the imperfect returns, and
the number should probably be doubled,
In the town of Burnley then- are 8,000
members of building societies, owning
about tM."iO,(H.O worth of property in
j Oldham there are 6(1 societies, each con
taining, OU the average, lOOahorCS Worth
ouch, or nearly 800,000, which
may he considered the property acquired
every fifteen years; in Manchester, Ash-
ton, and other places, Building Socie
ties manifestly play an Important part,
the chief supporters, according to unan
imous testimony, being the "mill hands."
It is the same
r parts of England
.Newcastle, Slinilel'lallil, Liverpool,
Leeds, Halifax, and Bradford have all
powerful societies; one society ill the
latter town is spoken of as having 621,
000 and another lias 290,000.
Nummary of News.
SEVERAL conflicts have taken place be
tweeii the French citizens and the Ger
man giirri -on of Dijon.
I'm National Commercial Convention
at lltltimnre adjoin lied to meet on the
third Monday ol November, ImT'J, at St.
Louis, Mo.
William Pritchabd, colored, was
hanged at Tovvsontown, Mil., for cum
milting ii rapt
in a German girl named
Mary Sendel. in August, IMiO.
'I'm; census returns report that the
amount of land under cultivation in
Pennsylvania is 11,615,965 acres, mid
the total value of land gl, 043, 481, 682.
At least two months will elapse before
the Court of Arbitrators of the Alabama
claims will meet at Geneva. The cause
of this unexpected delay is that the
Brazilian member of the court has not
yet been appointed.
Some idea of the amount of American
travel iu Europe can be formed when we
learn that for the year ending dune ;i(i
last, 81,858 pass, ngers left this country
lor the Old World. The number ol
Americans abroad who came home dur
ing the quarter ending at the same time
waa 15,540.
I. ah; advices from Indian Territory
report serious depredations by the Kio-
Waa in the vicinity of Fori Sill. Seve
ral men have recently been killed and
scalped within a few miles of that fort.
Two herders were shot a few days ago j
srithin sight of the fort, and their bod-
ies mutilated beyond recognition.
United states Expenditures.
The Second Controller of the T
nry has just completed bis annua n
eas-
port
for the fiscal ear endinii itine 30. Is.'l
and has submitted the same to the Sec
retary of the Treasury. From it the
following facts and statistics have been
taken
The total account of expenditures of
the War and Navy Departments, ami the
Indian and Pension Offices, ::s settled
and adjusted at the Treasury Depait
ment during the above period, amount
to 9431,846,120.
This sum embraces
the accounts of tbe disbursing uflicers
of the War and N ivy Departments, ami
the Indian ami Pension offlcea, in part
lor war expenditures of the Rebellion as
well as those incurred since war claims
for bounty ami prize money, claims of
States lor war expenses, and of private
per tins for property used and impressed
or lost iii the military service of the
r,,,i.,.i ,..t.
The above accounts of
expenditures are. with the vouchers,
examined by the Second. Third and
Fourth Auditors of the Treasury, who I
have bylaw primary jurisdiction in heir
settlement. When examined by audi- j
tor-, and balances certified, all of these
accounts, w ith vonchera and certificates
are reported by them nt once to the
Second Controller of the Treasury for
his decision. This officer onuses n re
vision of each settlement thus reported
to be made, and s rertitied balanee sent
to the Secretary of the Department in
which the expenditure haa been incur
red. During the fiscal vear the amounts
tor, sm,95S,063; Fourth Au.litor. f27,
taV8,17L Tnr deposits in the savings hanks in
four of the New England Stntes have
increased from lSn.lHlO.ndfi in I860 tto
8432.lKn.laJ0 in 1870. i
Tha tlrriit Hit- In Milriitfo.
Navef have e I tiled "pon to
record so eiion a couflsirrution us that
which has visited the ill fate. I City of
1 Chicago, taeol tin lesdingoexnmerouvl
rdtiei of tlm Union, which etewdeyaago
Wl a mart of life and activity Ls now
only u tlefl of oshi and in one day, us
1 it ere, million neon mil'ions of pro
party have Ii swept away, and what a
Inflnitelv worm livi have I u lost.
on Baturdav nighl u serious fire visited
II: Ultjr Off UMOaflO, It was coiiunci io
pi ni t t n up
I em cities
re ol small woo e n inniuin'",
OWIicd in nre.it "e .isiire nv III" oecii-
p. Oils thereof. Altl i.dl several acres
of this description ol property were
burned over, the loss wai h-s than $800,-
nOU,bnt ill llghfoi;' I h' the to prevent its
pread, every effoi 1 o the large and t'i
cictit tin
online III ol the city was put
forth, ami fortunately the too wai ""n
guiahed before reaching the business
portion of the city. Unfortunately, how ever,
the Bremen wore completely e
luiiisti il by their efforts ami when on tha
Sunday evening following, about
o'clock another Hro broke out in u barn
'on West Taylor street, there was loss
elBoienoy than usual, and from this In-
sie I, itielilil AAlioii sle-ilt'i' ll Ool I tlll-J l:lt i Oil
which bus destrovvd one ol theleading
Cities of the C ll"l
'l iie burn wii of n inflammable nature
.mil il. flnma I ranidlv. There Is
but lit!! ii ition. th ,t had tl
it nt! lestion. that had the fire
department boon usually vigilant the fire
would have hi hooked, but the wind
was blowing a terrible gale ami the de
vouring element proud so rapidly thai
the nttempta made t stay its ravages
proved fruitless
In the vicinity ol the building wlnre
the fne originated, the city was built up
almost entirely of wooden buildings,
closely packed together, tenanted by
carpenti r-, cabinet-makers, oopers, var
nish manufucturere, intcrporsed with
lumber j ards ami stores of ot her equally
Inflammable matei lala.
The Are soon reached ('lark st., upon
whioh the great r portion of the tine
business blocks were situated, all of
which w.r. destroyed. The Court
House, which was 20 years in building,
was swept away iu Ho minutes. The
Sherman HoUSC, Opposite the ('nit
House, the uew Pacific Hotel, wnioh was
soon to be opened, and laid to be the
largest iii the world and, inde d, ei i
hotel in the city was swallowed up i'i
Cue-, ',i of fire. When the lire reached
Slate si., toward the La'te, riTi attempt
was made to stay Its progress by blowing
up the buildings in tho vioinity of field,
Loiter .v C '.'s magnificent dry goods
establishment, but this only seemed t"
add to tin' fury of tin- flames. Prom
State street the fire advanced with una
bated lury to the North Division, uud
scarcely a vestige of the eight thousand
buildings on that side of the river is left.
Taking a Bouth-eaeterly direction, the
fire swept through Bladison avenue and
Monroe street, extending a distance ol
ah nit one mue and u quarter, devouring
in its advance, newspaper oflict s, theatres
hotel-, public bull lings, and Inn dreds
of the finest business houses iu the city.
West of the Court House, embracing La
Salle. Wells and South Wider streets,
upon whioh a very huge portion of the
business of the city was concentrated,
everything is swept clean. The spac
burnt over covers an area of more than
live Squares miles, while the value of
the property destroyed is simply to be
conjectured, some placing it lit s100,
000,000, and others even more than this.
It was about 1 o'clock Monday morn
ing when the tire crossed the river at
Adams st., bridge and soon destroyed
the gas works, and then spread itself in
every direction. More than one-half the
population were then rushing through
tin' streets in vehicles, which W61 b-
tained at enormous prices, on foot, ami
in every other way. with the choicest
household treasures iu their arms and
on their backs in utter confusion, not
knowing whither to go. Full 100,
ooo people were homeless and houseless,
not knowing where to lav their heads or
get any thing to satisfy the cravings uf
hung r.
At noon on Monday the whole busi
ness portion of the city from Harrison i
north to Chicago aVS. and east of
the river to
embracing
len. 'Ill to il
iii width.
Lake
it dii
mile
The I
ave., was devastated,
triet three mi.es in
or a mile and n hall
lames swept through
city with tin'
rapiuitv ot a prairie
tire, and many personsmust baveperisb
I ed.
It is impossible at this writing to give
i even an approximately correct statement
of the losses, but a faint idea may be
formed when it is stated that every
bank in the city except two small savings
I institutions, one on Twenty-second
street iu South Division, and one on
Randolph stree' i t West Division, is
destroyed. All wholesale and retail es
tablishments, the Postoffice, the Court
House, the Chamber of Commerce, ev
ery hotel in south Division except
Michigan-Avenue Hotel, which, standing
on the extreme southern limit, escaped,
though it is badly scorched, evorv news
paper office, every theatre, the six larg-
st elevators, the tmmi use depots of the
Michigan Southern and the Illinois
Central Beilroads (both the passenger
and freight depots of the latter), more
than n score of churches, ami much of
the shipping in the river -are all do
s, rt iy tl.
In another Page and before going to
press we shall be better able to give our
readers an estimate of the lo.ss of prop
erty and life.
The appalling disaster which has over
taken Chicago recalls like fearful calami
ties to other cities
By the tire i London, Sept. A. D,
1866, know as the Great Fne, 400 streets
wore laid waste, 18(900 houses were
burned, eighty -nine ohurches.
On the Kith of December. 188S New
York was swept by the devouring ele
ment, and 648 of tlm most valuable
stores, the Merchants' Exchange, the
South Dutch Church ami property
valued at mol e than 18,000,000 Was lost
in the flames. This conflagration took
place in tin- Kird Ward, oast of Broad
way, and below Wall street. On duly
It'. 1846, another great Are occurred in
the city, between Broadway, Exchange
place, Broad and Stone streets, ami S,",.
000,000 were lost.
One of the largest fin s in the United
States, of bate years wits that in Portland,
Me., on July i. IMS. Sixteen hundred
buildings were burned, with a loss of
80,000,000, upon whioh there was only
an insurance of .-?3..rll(Ui(M.
The great Br in Constantinople on
the fith of June, 1K70. excited a sensation
even at this remote distance. Over 7.-
000 buildings were burned in this great
conflagration, ami 1,000 ne n, women
and children lost their lives. About
t36,000,u00 was the estimated loss.
Round ops of hlaek velvet with wide
visor are perfrrred hy many ladies for
riding to the high hats, especially at
tins season of the year. The cap are
said to he the latest fa-shion ah'osd.
Wr men. wake up exclaims the
Rr"itiion i and s rural editor adds
"es. and. turn out and make a fire
snd put tho ta-kattla on."
A Fine Uismr of Live Slack.
At the New York Stale Fair the largest
iheep shown WW one of a variety called
Lincolnshire, srhioh weighed 868 pounds,
ami had sheared soma pounds of
wool some on exhibition measured
from 19 to ll Inches in lent th. The
only spec! US of long-wool, d sheep
besides the one mentioned above were
the Leicester and Cutswold, 'I ho Cot-s-wohl
colli ii, ,n was particularly fine, be
ing principally from the itocx-farm of
Joseph II ii'i i tear Koch, ster, Ine
two year- ild ran of this variety is here
on exhibition simply having been
brought by Sherman l'nrtell from
Waahington, Conn, -which weighs lit'"
pounds, and has sheared some 1H or 19
pounds of washed wool One of the
breeders ol this variety ays holms (onnd
all the stories about their tenderness and
inability to live through our winters to
Is fulaei lor he gives his sheep no pro
tection during the summer, nnd a simple
shed in tie- winter, and they do well and
thrive. His farm la situated in the oen-
1 1 al part of the State, whi le the winters
are very suvere.
Next to the she, p came swine, of
whioh there are many repreaentatives,
11 the pure block varieties there are but
two kinds, raiiu'lv the Berkshire and
1 Emi
Anion;; the whites ami siiot-
t d are found the Ohi t- r White, China,
Poland, the rtfagee, the Suffolk and the
In hue. The Essex is a noted variety,
Being dui a smou animal, ine meat u or
tun r grain inan h usually loiimt upon a
nog, unii 1 1 messes rV inin u w nioi
tuan any otner kind, iho Essex, tha'
to 1; the first prize, is valued at I2SU,
The pigs, at eight weeks old. Sell for S'J.'.
apiece. They ore distinguished foi their
short, curved snouts, ami the tact that
there is lost but twelve per cent, from
their live weight upon dressing. One
Berkshire hog was on exhibition that
day that was said tow. igb i.iuu pounds
hut this may be an exaggeration, fori
good judges rated him at hut scant I
l.ill"1. I lie v lllie nilllolK is a U'le van-
ety. and very m arly approaches the Es
sex iu many of its cbaractt nstics.
The beeves catlie next. The Short
horns seemed to be the favorites of tin
crowd, a id particularly a Durham, w ho
stands full l'l bauds high, pure white,
and weighs about 2,000 pounds. The
four-year-old Durham bull that took the
fust premium, weighed 2,500 pounds,
and is valued by his owni r at 93,000.
The i rhibition of horned out 'e was
better than evei before, some ol the
cows being remarkable. One Durham
on the ground was regularly milked, and
weighaover !,Pt) pounds, The Jerseys,
Ayrshiri
nil hero
William
Y., has
Hereforda and Alderneys are
and spli ndidly represented.
Learuard. of Cedar Hid. N.
has eu exhibition three sacred cattle
n India, with the inevitable hump ot
tern animals. The fat steers are not
numerous, but tiny are very fat,
weighing 'J 225 pounds, w hile anoth-
Ha
ver out
er is
id to weigh 4.000 pounds. Albany
Extraordinary (.rain movement.
The remarkable movement n grain
from the West is attracting great atten
tion, and, in one of the quantities
coming forward, there is a large accuuiu-
lati iu
III is.
the
bu d e
III Ul!
the ft;
flour
odditi
of stock at the receiving porta,
12 the grain receipts at Buffalo for
entire season were 58,642,344
!s. Already this year, with two
is of the Lake trade remaining,
icipts ore 56,584,241 bushels. The
receipts in lilili represented an
UI of 1'bout 14,000,000 bushels.
This year the floUT receipts are small,
the railroads transporting it direct to
tile seaboard or other points of distribu
tion. The transportation of flour by
the canals has decreased very largely In
1847 nearly 2,000,000 bushels were ship
ped from Buffalo, in 1868 the amount
bad decreased to 6,000.
The grain receipts at Buffalo by Lake
and the Grand Trunk Railroad are en
per c ut. in advance of that of last
year, ami by the L ike Shore Road they
have more than doubled. At Chicago
the average receipts per day, for some
tune '.:ist, were 1 11 III car loads, of 850
bushels of wheat, or -111(1 bushels of eorn.
Last Saturday the stock i i store there
was B,0UU,UUU bushels t u storage ca
pacity of the city being 11,600,000,
Rates of freight on the Lakes have also
advanced, ana the shipping interest is I
making money fast. The average rate' I
on wheat from Chicago to Buffalo during
the month of August was ti.'i cents. On
luonaay vessels were m active aemsm
at Chicago at I8a20 c uts. The tl
e
i 't
grain sent forward, shows that the cro
is large, that the farmers want monei
and that they fear an early decline iu th
market.
Burninff f a Yacht ami Loss of Lire.
A pleasure yacht called the Jennie
Lee, owned by Mr. I!. Jerrolda, of
Denver City, was burned to the water's
edRi at a point some ton miles oil' Mon
tana Lighthouse, on Lone Island Sound,
by which two lives were lost ami seven
others greatly endangered.
It seems that Mr. Jerrolda whs thrown
off his balance by the launching of the
vessel, and grasped the chains on which
was swung the lamp, a kerosene pintal
bulb holding about a quart of oil. The
chains gave way and the lamp was hurled
to the floor. The oil at the instant
exploded, and a si t of flame leaped to
the ceiling. Mr. Jerrolda shonted "lire I"
anil aroused his wife ami two eldest
children, whom he drrunred on deck.
The nurse ami the youngest child slept
on the opposite side of the saloon, bevond
tin' will of flame whioh. by this time,
was sweeping rapidly over the wood
work. The smoke was stifling, and as
Mr. Jen-olds rushed intoit he fell, choke, 1
and helpless. They endeavored to out
i away an intervening partition in the for
j ward In Id to reach that side of the cabin
I where the nurse and child were, but the
smoke poured out so densely that they
were forced to retreat and abandon the
victims to their fate.
ICBASOSnra Htat. An instrument has
been invented in Germany whioh will
measure with perfect accuracy, the heat
of the hottest furnace. It is based on
the principle that the resistance of nun.
uieuua io me eiecrric current mrtrrescs
t with the tempersture in a very stmple
ratio. A plaannm win' of known re
sisi juice is coiled aronnd s cylinder ot
fine clay, ninl covered with a tube of the
same material, The tube ia cobtieoted
with a DanieOa battery of two cells uud
with :i resistance-measurer, ami placctj
in the fnrnace whose temperature is to
j he ascertained. It is then only necessnrv
to read off the indications of tempera
ture on the fini'lnatd resistance-twees-Brer.
The Utility of such an itistniment
is otivious.
The (Us Wii.i.sm- Etttr.. V scientific
journal givea an interesting aecoaat of
tlie gas w.-lls of Brie. The svecage
depth "f the wells sunk is Cilifi ff.,.,. aiiil
they yield from 10,000 to 3o.ikki enbie
feet of gns a day. In t&e raanitfaeotiea
tins Datura pas is burned withnut ai.v
Other fuel fur raisiitr. steam, and in m.mv
private nouses nn other tire is emploved
Tl. .r r- K
i r.
f lOafi CompnTlV hflVP n
well pourin
4ruif i
.WUCnmC IPOt of enm ft
day into their fra-hoMcr this, mixed
aim livum teet of ordinarv eral pas
I rnlsiisa the supplv for illuniinatinir the
town.
Win. has not leiird of IfoORl'l RUIUUi
Niw YoltKITI, whose t.velltv years of
sin ss iiml of usefulness have tjiught
our people the Important facts of Agri
culture and their kindred iciencee, and
created departments for tha naturalist,
the herdsmen, the gardener, the dairy
man ami other i. pul this is not all. The
farmer has f id it a paper for his family,
full -.f Instruction and Inn rest, ami viv
in:- varied Information in literature and
the arts. Its moral tone ia ol the high
est, and its domestic department suoh
the farmer's wife And most useful. The
Issue for is"2 w ill appear iii a more con
venient form, both for rending and bind
ing, though it will still bo larger than
Hnrptri' Weekly, The price, however,
ins ill be seen by the oevi rtiaemenl in
another column, is reduci d to ,50 per
year, and only j?2,00 to clubs. 'I his must
still more largely Increase the popularity
of a journal already in advance ol all
others 111 its sphere.
"Why Is it," said
scapetrrace who ha
n
olmnster to n
oauaed her much
trouble bv bad conduct, you behaved
so well when you lirst oame to sohool,
and are so disobedient now?" "Be
cause," said young hopeful, looking up
into the schoolmistress' lace, "1 wasn't
much acquainted with you then."
1)11. It. V. PlEROB,
of Buffalo, N V
Dr. Sage's latot I'll
proprietor of
Remedy, whose name is printed on tlx
wrapper of tho nenuine, has lor over
three voars ollereil. tliro .nl irlv evorv
reii, turotian m
newspaper in the United Stab s, a st md-
iug row aol of So"! I for a case of 'atari h
in the i id w Inch he can not cure. That
he In's treated thousands of oases nnd
j had no olaima presented for the rew ard
from any one who baa m ule a thorough
I use of his means of cure, is stro ig mid
conclusive evidence that he pnssi ues
Mln means of ourina this loathsome d
ease. The Catarrh Remedy is sold bv
all druggists or sent by mail on r Ipt
of sutv cents. 56b
DeATB wori.n on mfossibli ii the
proclamations of the alcoholic-nostrum-mongers
wore true, But alas 1 their ter
rible excitants send thousands staggering
to the grave. Instead of adding fuel
to the tire of disease with suoh deadly
compounds, try the cooling, renovating,
purifying, and regulating effect of that
inestimable combin l tion of herbal juices
and extracts, Da Waijieb's Calxfobxu
VlKXOAB BlTTEBS the sole specific for
Dvspepsia, Physical Debility, Headache,
Bilious C
he, Li
plaints, Gout,
t 'i instipation.
Rheumatism
Chr.

i
HAPPED HANDS, hi
ui -Ii shin, pim
rim-worm.
It-rheum, ami othei
cutaneous affections, cured, ami the skin
made soft and smooth, by using the .lr.
Mi'i u Tab Soap, made by uabwkll,
Hazabd k Co., New-York It i- more
convenient and easily applied than otttl r
remedies, avoiding the trouble of the
greasy compounds now in use.
lltAHPS and pains in
the result of imperfect
the stomach, are
indigestion, nnd
may be immediately rein
d by a dose
INIMKNT. A
d
Johnson's AnoDTNB
teaspoonful ill a little sweetened Water is
Do not Boa nil
vest them iii first
paving vou good
our earnings, bu t in
lass Railroad Howls,
interest. Write to
1HABLE8 W
New York.
HaSSLBB, No. 7 Wall Str, et.
Financial.
isvatiKssT isuusiini
Jay t lOOXS A Oo.. are n-w aaUfat, an
a lirnlitftble antl safe inveftment for all
th- Kir-t
Uortoaffa 7-:lrt G
Kailroad I'mnpany
per oeal .1.1 intei
ami aw and ir fir.
1 1 Pi. mis ,,f thf V
."anna; Seven an-l
it BOM thin H pfgf rj
vml only tn'irtiffttf"
rt'iprn P
iflr
Thr,;- Tfnill
nl. rurrftify.
n lh tMltlra
rni nml exjaipuientai, ami nri mora than J:t,Mo Arrca
nf I Jim to 9f9tf Blil oi tr'k. or HO AttMol Laii'l tt
mat fi.iioo BotwL t highwl etvrml prioa will h
laiI ("ir V S Fivt- Twt'ti! aiil all utlipr iu4rkt.tlil
Secunf i" r00eTtd in i,i'-ti,ie;p. I'ttrnphl-'ta, nifipo mid
full infortofttion, an well n- (in- boadi thtnmlyii. wni he
huitiihad n AppUtwMoa i Jai fiKiKi? j t'- HUiU-
dslpiUS, Np Vnrk MnJ ffirlhingtHIsi tIMrtI lllfi'l Bt&ki
ni1 BoUskttl tlnouli.itit (ha r 1'iHtry
An -nrnteet,-(t S at em.
Of, nor fane, htftt Waa fOU f,-
1 -tr'.n-f thai roo are im-
rrewiable feo Biakataa, Wholt a etft-h borhooda are fre
quently looaliaead a' tin. Batata tor BaaJtHoat tovtrt,
Vigorous taaaclea aod ateoofl tlatoa, broad thooldtra i
ami wiuiul lulij.'.. are nn il -rimee a-'aili.t the rl,eillitn'
rapora ol autumn. SVamea a-hieb ttare with.-. est the
taouatf '.eat tuav BQtaanlb n nr. Man an ttSleiil
man. wlnwe I unity rlepent. f.r ita aupDoH nn In. hadttl -try,
miw In priwtrate, w ,.-ik an I Ii.-1 il a. a bale', nn
iler tbe utflodltal ttttalta t shilla aod tevor, nr tnimn
nmlttent feeer. Thi. ooutd n ,l 1 if all were wiae
ennuKli t.i iTiiei.le si-... n -i -ucb a enOHnfetHH. by toalOS
ami fortif. Of the OJtttOI with ffnOttltai't St nnarh Hit
ters. Thta appro. ad etgtttblt t une la abaolatels harm-
ItBB, an that it i. s.ieer folly m,t In take it a. a aaftfoaed
aStttatoa ehao dlttattaof tha ltftr, tha atotuta, ttie
boweli, aod Indeed all tbe eiaoeraJ avtaaa art Ktotttltf
petftltDt, 'In keep the system in nrder ad iri-ure
health. Qe to put it Ul .r,ler when Ihla pttetuUott h It
boat taglttttd. la tht duty of tettyaaiaaa bainaT who
value, life. Par both the.e pjojrpotta Bottotttr'i Bitten
Itdetitatd, and Ittaawrtrtboth. Patty local doalaea are
aitlttawlm, in inanv patta nf liie eniititry, t.. aobetttata
peoptttttooa nnd.-nt impure and d inen-n- luatvriala
in il at. 'ad. l.iee them a wide berth. They are .re
pired by unskillful tSpariOMOtora, win. want t.. turu a
Dtaaj at the ripen- mi the publie health.
PAIN KILLER.
The Great Family Medicine
the Age.
of
TAKEN INTERN ALLI ti RE8
iinldon lle, onaihs, Ac,
U f il. stomits Ii, 0Men Ilrhlllt)
J uriiikt orr Miiuth,
4 anker, I Ivor stmptn'nt,
llyapcpala nr liMMitrailun,
rm nr P:itn in Spitiiitrh,
Bnwrl omplalnt,
l..1ntrr' 'olle,
A aim lr holer al,
IM.si rhra.
nnil ll 3 ntrr
TAKEN EXTERNALLY CUBES
Frlon. Untie,, nnd Old fcnrra, rTrrf Mum
r:!l, ltriilr, I nt t, rn'ni. Swell.
Inir nf fhf ..in). Klhynnrtii and I rt
trr. Htnken Krt'ttila, Frnatlfd ret
find hlihlnlns, l oothnrbi'. I'aln
In the Farr, Xrnrnlrla
nnd RhfDnallim.
THE PAIN KILLER
I" hv tinivfraai ronent Hnw-1 tn hir wnn 'or itw -If a
r'iiut4tir.n iiriurpatsfMl m the hitnry nf n- .1 i i r.
rt:on. It- m-tMtitn".,usi effavt in ttie entirt erftdit?
t"n unt'l eitinriM.n (if p.n in all it, varied ffrm inn
'j' t0 at ,,m,,' 'tnnlr, atid the unulirited written
ann Terhavl tee'imonj; i.f the niavseea in it furor,
f.vs-n fient n-ivc fwrnentR.
The lasgndiento, whtdl writer into the PAIN Ml 1 11!
hemsT purely vefftah!e. render it a perff'tly nafe ami rf
rirjii eiotM remedi. takfn internally a well a; for eiiernal
ai.!ieAtK.n, when u-ed aernrdinu In dirertionf The
flight "tJiin nnon linen from it iife tn external appli--iv
tmn ia r-ah f rem x, d hy waishinr in a little alcohol.
Tfiie. medirtne, ju-tly cele,rmted for the mrs of en
many of th aff) etion incident tn the human family,
ha now leeen hefoip the pnhlic
ABOUT THIRTY YEARS,
And ha found it way into almost f eerv rorn'-r of tha
w-.rld and whereret it ia oed th ame omnion i
lrr nt sal medical prnnertie.
in anT aiTaea wne-re proran a'-r-on upon Tn-TMetn ia
required, the P IN KILLER i inraloable. Its almot
vnd. when naed according tn di;e tinna. ia tnie t-i itji
i am".
A FAIIST
t an-uatai
KILLER.
Ill aw oat-s i.ro good for horn
Will deny that; oats e,,n" nl
r., Q Wa I Ill
nasi i
lie is mil in oilllllirii.il.
I SVAI.KY ONIMTION
"ni int. n',
owmejj wih
till wl
ii.n.bM.imii,
Mil I IONS rar Tr.ll.
Wmmsstm OeeMivt caw.
Tasraie asta viut Veasf nnnu v,i.
U.Tr
mmm, Wi.i.k.-V. Proof Bl,
l.l.I10r..lo I, r,,
MM cV iSi"'Ioiiii ii id, 'l"r'.lM
n inn. Mom iiioilo Irmu en, naa.
or oiir(,niln
la, frr from oil AkMtfMUt Sn,
rsNUMOBBAT Hi.
.i i UVBOIVIXa I'ltiv,
ram tnj i,
lUllla. T!i
mmm 1.0 buss nil i-iti, ibJ
mS! 'esuf ,.r,i,. f-;;
etiTTlaf effaU poll mosbmum M imnrnmnZm
Mataadtarsssdiosa. Rssonaa ms ujuuZTT?
irn IIIDltllH lo UnettSBS und rrnii:,,
prnvMi'il 11,,'lr lsinp ro Ml Hmm.M i,.
poison or sUmv sbsss. uiii Hit rHsl tnu I 'Pf3'
bavoad tas poiaterrssstv, "tJ
Thof aroaOoatls "WiwaUvoatMU
Too lo, p ndn Um paentlAt n,.,..,
1 i(,wrrlul nt'dillii rrllrvlnx 'wfmiin
MAtton or iii Uvsr, ssd all iii Vhsmi OmJ
foii mivi i onin uM,
jraoagtrshl, siarrtod orUSflt, i thaiUinioi
kooisrstUM luniof lift, theii Ttak Btton i14V
eassl
"r loaoiWOHl I anil (hr.,l
lUni ittitl Ooat, I.'
lliih.,1, BoojUttool ooS ii.c
van, Dtaoaoot "t tho BlooS
r laaifi
naitttai r,.
BOytOM Inddoe.thi nin
rn In,, I
Um h III., oirr
111 '.'..ii- gent I v nrodut
VIUIM
ol Hi1' DMffOotlvo Ovvmo.
DTaPEPMIA OH IMihjintiov
Mbt. Ptln in Iho ITioiiMcrt, CuiilHi TicIiIim
Cltchl, nUetaMa S-mr ItrStlSISSU of ill,- s -Hal
TaMt iii Uic liostb, StUottl AUttkt, ft
llin Heart, lafllaUBSUoS f Ibt I nner ri i
rtfkSM of Uio Knliwy, n.l t. Iiiinilrr.l iur u
rsustaMsieU idtrrtact of PjiohhIi
Tiny lavlforsit Um Kncnteh nn-t nhntlat n
Lln r anl Bewtlt, S Meh nnilrr ttwm at
tflMtfy in loan. .ii tht blood oftUinptrl
inning now nroiei.t mct to Um whola arttcoi
WOU BK ni.i isrs, i
Ithtssi. WohrhSa, Spooy rioiplaa, Poattlat I
bck Blaf-Woroti, Scald Utad, BtriBra,l
la.. I ah, Senr'i. DbOOlttSlltOa of UK Sk.n, Hum
Qlaiaaia ot tht Bkln, of whattrtr nam J Ur,
Utamllj tins up niot carncl nal ,,r i tic ijrtttin n k,
tunc by the ut of llicse ftitlcrv. One Initio in
tlttt artll POBvbwt iho nn..t liu-rcdulou, ul itic.r c
tttt lOttbl
Clean...' Iho Vitlalrd niooI whrnovor y-,u
purine barsUBf nuosfk Um 111111111 Pin
tiom or Sore. IrMtSOl It Vf StB JOS Bill IttttBfl
Btirl rttasMi In tht VtlM tltsSBt It trhtrt It al
MM your fttllntja will tall voa whtti Keen'
iu-. tndint htotih of lha ajrattm will foil
I'ln, Tap, mill ..llnr Worm..
Fr.iein at H ninny IIiouniikI-. nre elf.-n uallv rtAin
tad rtnioetd s& n riurinufiilKtl ptit.
Ittrtai araroatyon IndtrMual apon the iaci -earth
vrh.w bode heuinpl irom I be praaeei
wornu It U i ot tiiM.il tho healthy element, et
body that iron txat, hut komi lot ri4 t
and Mlniy 't,'j.'.-it.. that breed ttie-K,- lion: moniiei
dlaataa Bo ayattm ,t aftdbttat, no ramllutea
antheltnlniiet, vritl frtt tiio lytMm fron .r;...
Sold by all DtOMlata nnd Dealer.
J ALSB, Proprietor, it. n HcDOSILO k I
OruisriMa and Oeneral AasaM, Sa:i Fran, no, 1
fornla, a id 3 and IA OoMSMrtt rtroct, htw V
Wvn.,fK,
LILAND I' ir -I
i An 'nt-. to
-r Etouaa
M rn lia m, 4 rt k. mid 1 01lg M
li.ck k'-tjunof ttt'l" Ruj i
II OOULDINfl HI. V A NT H .iU N. V
,.s
1 Hn.mJHv. X. Y.
ORIGIN il. i in pDOTOfil
if BOTSM Mf ilic MotflNl I rial i An I f. r- oi
mutt to iri)
irl.lr.---.
II
w Mi I. I N. Mm
FREE'
.tnili T
i
ut nt-.'Kfy !fl i-nr -tj,
M "I (,t awafnfill f!, lo enliH i ben
a-e a n S.-inl !.ir u rtl.'l t-a
.II.
m k
M MI NN A CO.. Pill
i: Parti K-
al PatenU '1
lJ vi-ar' uptinwwax Kwaryl
mooes ii a i -et. nun
..r I" e-a el. A'I'le
mi. i ti llurnlnic a
ind Knvtani .,1 idiioiia .(.-so,
Tarrant's Effervescent Seltzer Apfnent
rfiitlMii iiiiiiiiafjfiillnjiiiil 1 1 1 1 T 1 1 1 Hn i
Mnarf f lh trupicn kit- it their pniptiti'
Iire-rriliinit it in pnt&tBWSt t. every other ip
ua Tha patient nt ooaraa, gladif toonie1
i.fpfirntioit it .mf nf tiiA mam flltir'. ni
nila mm onoliiHr osthtaHioa, cluMiiftry hvjj J 1
nn1 p' vTV ID-illfllial v irtu- of irr
(..rtimn SflttT Spa. It i-. a n nv.itT that r. r-'j
ilt Maitfoa ol WJ.'r topriMim'M man m-ttni J
i-lnu-, eff.-rv.-H.-Mit li'ivrv', h v 11 t fcl.UJk(
mfadicinf W for unit ACCCpt nnv ',,n
K.-niiln.-. BOLD BY ALL DR1 0OI8T8
TRY THE TRIAL TRiPl
r a
THE GREAT II I I STRATED WEEKLY.
(NaV VOKK CITY, AND ItESTF.
THE THIRTEEN NUMBF RS of Ihe Ou.irl'r
Ort. I.IITI.It Jan. 1. 1872, will be ""1.
for Only FIFTY CENIS1 Try the TRIAL It
OCTOBER
THE RURAL NEW-YORKER will bt
Ort. 1, 1871, lo Jan. 1. 1873. FIFTFfi
(65 Nose for $3: or MM ropies Io
olllres. if desired.- las sime lim. ''r
Is qiving TWENTY-SIX NUMCtRS VI.'
T O
-Cm
j
en all els,. r,,i!u
ill
Semi fur I'at'-nl Iviw- an,' l.teoe to I
T I It. 1' ti i wl
ea" Ho'e os ur.ty. an ar" d"-imll. "I .1
-.liie, nlaaaanl 1' 'ail 1
U Ti I Tl IV I'
.BeaXSiTTtfi.
tvtre a w w MmmK
vCraBaLaiaJoW
.'2it7V afa.saJ-'iat-ae
Moore's Rural New-Yorker.
Thf r.rral National lllvtrol' "l."'. n V
Stskdaro At TMOITY on SuHnilliiO--
lur.-. Etc., and a favorite l.ilr'f
fafrr all over the Continent. at1
Finely Illustrated, and hv fat JJJ
and (-arapesi J,.ur,l,r CU" '"J p-
For over Twontv Yetrttt has been m
oUr Week y io Its Sphere, hut Sit ont
and oMasMi PW fc 1 Kmt
more arcepuble. Only 9- r.' Cneci-
lul... Great rremiuna k -K (We
mens. Ac. seat free. P-A'- f- '6in
StJtJ agtMBaaWaUoWtl r cn,-
o. o. t. aiooet. Vor