?jti IPMUM i^9fci:/^wdlwtt^K
threo montha, 100 TKHifl nv Till
Delivered by Carrion, per week la rlCBJis OF Till WKkKLI:
bln?lo Copy, for one year, to adrancu,....$ l so
eiz montha i m
TKKMB OF 8JDU-WKSKLY: _ r| Club? of Ten .J""
fi^Sfc:::::::::::::::::::.^ V0L- XX. WHEELING. W VA FRIDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 10 1871 mo ?Q S3
Throe mouth*. In advance, 100 1 INlc/. DO tfTwentyflVe t5 00
?M oxtr*to 0,15 P<*ion KfttlOK up Clab.
PoaUnanUsri arc requested to art aa Agent*.
For Sale.
JJATENT FOK SALEijy
UNIVERSAL IMPORTANCE.
To manufacture wool from what it of little value,
w lieu through thin proceas worth la market
twenty cunts per lb. It will bear the closest
scrutiny und investigation. See samples at
duv9* Ulllf uouag.
A HAKE CHANCE FOK A lJUSIA
NKSS MAN.?FOR BALB-Tho stock,
fixtures, Ac., o| a Retail Urocery Store, now doing
a good business, and iu one of the best locations
lo the city. Satisfactory reasons given for
soiling. This is an opportunity for business
seldom met with. Apply to
S. L. CUTHBKRT.
nov8 M'Laln's Block, Mouroe St._
JlOU BALE!
A CORNER BUILDING,
Containing a Dwelling and Store Room, aituated
la tho town of lien wood, opposite Union Hall.
uo?7 JOHN BHOUP, Proprietor.
-moil HAT.F. LOW ANI) ON F.AflY
L' TBKMS?A drat class Taunery, two story
Brick Build Irk, mi feet by 04, with all the modern
Improvements and in good running order.
The low price and location would make It
uvailable for any other manufacturing purpose.
AI ho a good Brisk Dwelling House with 10
rooms and full lot, on Hampden street.
w. vwiogb A BRO.,
nov 1 Market streoU
Fort bale-one good wakeHUOM
on Monroe atreoU
Ouo comfortable Dwolling Homo on Monroe
street.
Two now Brick Dwolling Houses on Qalncy
street.
Olio new little Cottago on the Island, on Broadw?y.
I. liiWIN,
oc'ift Heal Estate Agout.__
'pitust male.?iiy viktue of a
I. Deed of Trust made to mo by William Domic
k and Nancy Hoiiark Ills wife, of Cameron, In
Marshall rouuty, Went Virginia, bearing date the
31st day of December, lbWi. I will, on
SATURDAY, the 85th duy of Nov., A. D. 1871,
on tin- premises In the town of Cameron, In the
county of Marshall, State of Wcat Virginia, at
to o'clock a. m. of that day, proceed to sell at
public sale all the right, tltlo and Interest of the
paid William Hoaack and Nancy liosack his wlfo
in and to the following described real estate,
that la to say, all their right, title and Interest in
ami to tlio undivided one-half of lot of grouud
minuted In South Cameron, Marshall county,
West Virginia, known aa lot No. (1A) sixteen;
aluo the undivided Interest of the said William g
llotuifK auu Nancy ma wiru in iiuu ui tho following
described property situated In thu town ol t
uiiit-ron, and bounded and described aa follow*, r
U)-Wit: Beginning at a stake. thence a 1W deg.
w thirty-one feet to a a take, tiicucu n. W deg. f
sixty-seven feet to the l'oplur Spring* road,
tlieiico thirty-two and onu-half feet along said t
road to a a take, thencu a. 84 deg. w. aeventy-
right ami one-half foot to'.thu beginning; also,
one-half of au alloy now open between thu lot li
mentioned and another lot belonging to James
Kulton, of the city of Baltimore, Maryland, 1
which alley la right feet, more or lea*, lu width
at thu front on I'oplar Boring road, and ruua back
lo the rear of lot adjoining on thu north belong-
lug to said James Kulton, and at tho reor of aald
lot is ten feet, more or lea*, In width, tho portion
of aald alloy hereby conveyed la thu ouu-half t
thereof, to-wlt: lour foul front and Ave feet,more
or lean, at thu rear, saving and reserving oir ol
tint premlaea hereby conveyed, tbo right to thu
Mainmort* and Ohio ltallroud Company to remove,
alter and repair cerUilh'pIIiea tbrOuub said
preuuaea, now tiaud and occupied by tho aald
Company to convey water from there down to
tlx* water atatlon on their road, and alao reaerv- t
tut; t" said James Fulton the right U> have, use
ami maintain tho track running acroaa the rearend
of aald lot, being an extension ol thn "Y" aa tho f
Miiut* is now used and occupied a* lone a* ?ul?t
"V" and track Is kept open and used by aald 11
Company up to thu lot hereby convoyed from the h
main lra? k of said Baltimore and Ohio Hallroad;
also a lot of ground in tho villago of Cameron. 11
lu Manthall county, Htatu of Weat Vlrginlu, ami ii
which lot la bounded on the south by a lot of
Charles Keller, and on tho weat by an alley, and 11
on the north by a lot of Henry Moore's, ami on
thu cant by Higgler lot, and being the aamu pro-
perty heretofore conveyed by 0. fl. I)lx uud wife 11
to the said William Iloaack. |i
Titans or Balb?One-half cash, balance three,
six and uluu month*. K. J. roKTKK, 1
oclO _ Truateo.
[JWKLLINO HOUSE jj
FOR SALE. v
I offer for m)? tlir hooo In wlilcli! now ro- 'J
side, altuato on John atreet, a few doors jjjg li
two-story brick containing eight room*, beside*
a hath room And kltchuu, and h Mulshed
utile, with A good cellar, hot and cold water In
bathrooms. The hntun In In good order and
well located and In every way a desirable properly,
being but a little over a square from the
I'oHt Ulllre. There Is alroou the premise* a good
II It I C K BTADLK,
nIBclent for four horse*, and a carriage home.
Anyone wishing to purchase can examine the
premise* at any time.
K-l-tM JNO. P. McDBRMOT.
J 8LAND LOTS FOR HALE.
Having sold all Iho lota offered at$300cach,
eieept two, I now offer ten lot* fronting on the
east aide Of 81m and Chestnut street* and extending
to the river. Price from 1500 to $1,000
each, according to slao and location. Terms,
one-fourth cash, residue In equal Installment* at
one, two and three years.
JNO. P. GILCHKIBT,
aug2-l At Top Mill.
JyV 8 T NOTICE.
Htrars Tour Chrlitnaa and New Yaar (lifts.
1,000,000
Br the authority of tho act of the Legislature
or Kentucky, of March 13, 1871, the Tiusteelof
the Public Library of Kentucky, will give n
CfKAND GIPTCDNCKKT,
AT LOl'IBVILLB, KY
8aturdayf December 10, 1871.
lUD.UUO Tii-KITB or ADMISM0N. $10 IAOR
CfRRtucT; liAt.r Tiokbti, $5; (JrARTicnTicK
Ticket! will h? dent by registered letter; tho
money for them may be aent by P. O. money
ordtr, greenbacks, or draft.
Kirh ticket conalata of fonr onartera, value
M W Mch. The holder la entitled to admlaalon
to the Concert and to tho valao of the gift awarded
to It or It* fraction.
ffifi0,000 IN GKBHWACKB will bo dlatrlnoted
to holders of tickets, In gifts of from
$100,000, tho highest, to |IW, the lowert, bolng
Ml Rllta In all
Tho Concert la for the benefit of tho
PUBLIC LIBRARY OP KENTUCKY.
Tub CiTJtina Bank or Kr. la TjuusttnKR, and
tho Corporators and BnpervUors are the Hon.
Thomaa K Bramlette, late (JoYornor of Kentuc.ky,
and twenty-aeven of tho moat dlatlnKRi'had
and respectable clll/ena of thoBUto.
The undersigned, late principal bnalneaa manager
of the very sticceMlal Gift Concert for tho
benefit of the Mercantile Library at Han Pranrisco,
linn been appointed Agent and Manager of
this Grand Gift Concert.
The drawlng and dlstrlbntlon will take place in
pub lc, and every thing will bodonetoaatlufy the
boron of ticket* that their Intereata will bs a*
well protected as If they were peraonally present
to superintend the entire affair.
Por tlrketa and Information apply to
It. I'KfRHB, 110 Main Bt., Lonlavllle.Ky.,
No. R Aator Honae, New York.
U N. IlempBted, No. 410 Broadway, Mil wan
kee, Wis.
M. A Prench. Virginia City, Nevada.
M. A. Woll. No. Slit Cbeatnot atreet,Bt. I.onl?.
1 jfkets alao for sale In every prominent place
In the B.
G*lng to tho general derangement of malla
?nd advertlaementa conaeqnwton the dlaaatrona
ronflagrttlons in the Weai, the aale of lirketa In
"?if enterprise in extended t* Nov. 30.1871, It
wntcn time the main office. 140 Main turret, Lon t
**llle, Ky., will clone foradjnatmentofacconnt*
<*nn b??lne*a. No ordera except by mail will be
''T'V"^ after Dec. lat, and no ordem by mall 1
will he received after Dec. 10th. The New York 1
will clone Dec. 10th; other *j?rnr1ca Dec.
5 ,Bt?7 ticket nnaold Dee. 10th will be can- 1
lied by lta number. The drawln* will take
l"?re in pnblle. Dec. Mth, 1871, commencing at 7
and continue until the 711 Rlfta are award I
''nmmt of awarda will commence Dec. 19 1
J? "dork a. k. Clrculara of awarda will b<>
ninnd at errri agency a* aoon aa they ran be
word correctly,and will ftlao be aent to all tick- i
I, 2yw Woon aa poaalble. No order will be
n'i?'d at main office for leee than $10.
CIIAB. R 1'JfiTERB,
WJ55 Manager.
IHOlOB unsilEN CIIEKHE.?100
V-/ Sort* Heptember, very line cnttln*. For
novf LIST. DAVBNPORT A PARKS.
WkiMtUiftun'.
Democratic i>oultry ia very quiet just
now. Possibly thoughts of the approaching
Thanksgiving make it sad.
Tiie 1'oat and Wat Virginian rejoice
with vigorous roosters over the Republican
victory in New York.
No dull can ring no loudly as a good
ml vurt iaomnnt P.tnnla will Iw.lli.im urliul
they seo rather than what they hear.
The Humor* of tiik Nkw You*
Campaign?Gen. Sam. Carey trying to
increase the Democratic majority by lecturing
on temperance.
Jlf wu mily believe the M, Morgantown
has a calf (a tour-legged one) that
catches anil devours young turkeys. Now,
brother Shinn, of the Wat Virginian
Iloirman is ahead ol you at last, (live it
"I'-
The Washington IUptibliain is authorized
to state that the statements telegraphed
abroad with regard to the conicmplatcd
retirement of lion. Hamilton
Full, us Secretary of State, have been
made without any Inundation of fact, and
iiuuiu w,
well for news venders to solcct another
mbject I'or discission 1 These changes at
;ho State Department have been made so
>ltcn and contradicted that the public aro
[citing shy of their announcement.
Tub prospective emancipation ol slaves
hrougbout Brazil is giving rise to spccu:itions
upon the cilcct It will have upon
he productions of sugar and collce. It is
ilaimcd that neither oi these crops has
iver been successfully produced save with
lavo or coolie labor, and it is argued that if
he emancipation of slaves in llrar.il be
bllowcd by tho same results that have
ollowcd emancipation In other countries,
he production ol tlicso staple products ol
bat country must materially decline, uness
coolie labor be substituted for that of
Uricans. _
Thk greatest nmrino ilirtaater on record
vus tliat which lately befel tho Arctic
vluiling licet, in which thirty-three whalng
Hliip.s, with full or nearly full cargoes,
vere crushed or abandoned iu the ice and
i>st. The wondor is that uo lives are reKJfttiT
aft* lost. Tho crews of tlio loHt
'esscls are presumed to have got on board
he few vessels ot tho fleet which escaped.
)f tho vessels lost, nineteen belonged to
"lew Bedford anil two toKdgartown. The
inner place lias sustained a financial
hock almost equal to that of Chicago. It
ihh prostrated the main business of tho
ilaco, which bad l>cen previously reduced
iy tho discovery ot petroleum, anil has
eriously damaged, if not crippled, its loadin;
insurance companies, one of which
uses about $.",00,000, and others from
il,000 to $150,000 each. Tho news ol tho
lisaster has completely unsettled tho oil
narket, ralshg tho price some forty or
Ifty ccnts j>er gallon above its previous
nltin. Thin loss is said to liavo
teen caused by tho temptation to hold on
or n largo catch at tho last hour, though
?ir cargoes were already socurcd. Tho
ras Id ships and cargoes Is counted by
illlions, but exactly how many does not
ct nppear.
luslness In the TnsorawM Vnlley.
The Tuscarawas Valley la beginning to
L'cl the Inllucnco of the railroad that in
few months will be extended from this
ity to that rich and fertile region. Tho
Dover Kiro Brick Company" liaa already i
;ot under way, and is manufacturing
iliout 8,000 fin: brick a day, and Intend
o Incrcaso tho supply so as to equal
ho demand of the wholo Northvest
wlien the "iron liorso roaches i
)ovcr. About 200 barrels of salt arc
lelng made per day, and this Is only a i
uere beginning In this groat branch of i
nndustry. From three furnaces 400 tonB I
il iron nro turned out a week, and many
ire awaiting the completion of the Lako
iliore and Tuscarawas Valley Jtallroad,
lot to increase the capacity of tho works
md business already established In "the
rallcy," but to start in now enterprises In
lie production of coal, iron, salt, fire
ilncture.?CUvtUind UeraUl.
rest Quantities of Coal Discovered
in Ilakota and Iowa.
from tlio Sioux City (Iowa) Journal, Nov. 9.
.lumen Allen, a resident of Vermillion,
I). T? culled at tho Journal ofllco last
Saturday morning, with a specimen of
lannel coal, taken from tho blufl opposite
lie St. Nicholas Hotel, in tho town of
Vermillion. Mr. Allen reports that he has
levoted considerable time during the past
rear, to prospecting for coal along tho
iioux and Missouri Rivers, and his labor
lias been rewarded by tho discovery
if valuable deposits in fSltv different pin:es.
If Mr. Allen's story is correct (and
no havo no reason to doubt his vcracty)
all Northern Iowa and Southern Dalow
aru underlaid by oue vast coal mine.
Needle Taken From ti Young I.ndf's
Hide.
from tho Cumbprland Now?.
On Sunday hat a young lady residing
n Piedmont, W. Vn., ftUftcteu n sewing
needle from her side which she bau
(wallowed when she wm about three
pears of ngn. During nearly eighteen
pcnni ii unu rcmniircu 111 ncr uuuj,
ii viirious directions, as hIiu could feel it
\t several limes In <lllfcrcnt places. At
oat, on the morning in question, it made
ts appearance trader the akin and was
ixtracted.
A Nrw Uskoi- LkavpA?a Vermoner
has recently tanned several Hides of
entlier with lye, leached from forest
eaves. He has been experimenting with
eaves for two months, with satisfactory
results. One ton of leaves, it is asserted,
will tan as much leather as fivo cords ot
l>:irk, and will complete the process in
nun tno time, nnen lenviw nnu n?m
ire mixed in equal proportions one-fourth
r?l the lime is ftaveu. riic leather tanned
l?v this i?TCK*ra?nt ft id claimed, M morelicariMe
and smoother than that tanned by
bark, while the strength of the raw hide
[6 retained in i\ greater degree.
What did that young lady mean when
ihflMidtohcr lover: "You may be too
late for the raw, but yon ran take a buss?"
Tweed'* District and the Democratic
Party?Their Connection and Mu?
tual Dependency.
From the Provldouco Journal.
The New York World, the organ of tin
Democratic party in that city, makes the
following declaration, touching the moral,
social and political character ol tho district
represented in the State Senate by
William M. Tweed, whose re-election today
tho World predicts as the natural result
of the harmony between tho coustituenoy
and the man who represents it:
"Tho Fourth District In tho most loathaomo political
acah in tho United Buton. It la only noromry
to look ut It* boiiudarlca audat'ooi what
material* it* population in compoat-d.
Kxi opt u fow iu?pcc table permanent boarder* at
tho Aetur Iluuie, ami Olio or two small botola on
Cortland! omul, thin district baa no reapectablo
iiiiiukltiinti). It la not Uu; rusldenco
of i>?ople who liavo any regard fur the deceucica
of fife or the eatecm and good opinion of reapectabhi
society. Tho very drega nnd scam of our
population, tUeotfecouriug of this country and
all others inhabit It."
Mr. Tweed quotes this in a speech to
his admiring constituents, and ilecJorcM
that "the uniw?r?iDg loyalty" ul the
Democracy of the district "has, time anil
again, secured the success ot the party in
State contests."
lioth are true. The district is all that
the World represents it to be, and it has
done all that Mr. Tweed claims for it. It
is the "most loathsome political" district
in the country; "it is not, (with few exceptions,)
the residence pt people who
have any regard for tho decencies of lite;"
und it has, "time and again," given the
State to tho Democratic party, when but
for that district tho State would have gone
tho other way. "Time and again" has the
rest of the State, tho portions where poopie
do observe tho decencies of life,"
where the enterprise, tho industry, the
virtue of tho people control, given
a Republican majority, and that has
been overruled uy "iuo very uregs ana
scum of our population, the ollscouring of
this country ami all others." At tin: last
Presidential election, the decent portion of
New York gave a majority for Grant; but
Tweed's district, the ''scum," tho "dregs,v
the "ollscouring of tfiia and nil other countries."
gave a majority for Seymour that
overbalanced it, ami in tho language of
Tweed, "secured the success ol the party."
The vile district, the worst in the whole
country, as the World says, and truly, wo
doubt not.gavothirtythree electoral votes
to the Democratic candidate lor President,
lacking but seven ol ?ne half tlife whole
number that he received. The electoral
vote stood for Clrant 211; lor Seymour 80;
and but for that intamous district, it would
have Btood for Grant 847; for Seymour 47.
What a picture of the Democratic
parly is this, drawn by ita own organ I
Anil because the Democratic party cannot
have a show of success without this vilo
district, it follows that this district must
continue to exert a controlling power in
tho Democratic party. Without New
York tho Democratic party canuot make
a light in tho coming national ?truggle,
iiml witlmnt. Tiv<><>il'u illntrlrt. without
Tweed and his friends, or other men of
tlio 8amo character, New York cannot
tnnko n fight. Tweed may have been
mistaken, for a little while, when, In
taking control ol the Rochester Convention.
he said, "Wo can get on very
well without you;" but they made no
answer, they cannot make answer, when
he asks, "Can you get on without us
The condition oi New York City is the
natural, the Inevitable result of the control
ol the Democratic party. Ills the
stronghold of its principles and its practices,
the central power of its great or?[animation,
and Tamntany is its perfect
rult. From the time when it cheated
tho Whigs out of the election of Henry
Clay to the last election, Its rellanco has
been upon fraud and violence, and when
It gives up these, or when it is deprived
of them, it has nothing left to tight witli
at the point where success is inuispeusa?blo
to Its existence.
The Register, Mr, I'enree, of Mineml,
and Hon. W. (i.llrown.,
Kmowoon, W. Va? Nov. 8, '01.
Bdltors ot tlio Intelligencer:
Tin) lltgutev man seems to have nil unJying
hatred towards a largo portion of
tlio people of I'reston, and particularly
against the lion. W. O.Brown. 1 rarely
ItlKu UJI? i ui ma uui> iiub buiuu
abusive article ol Mr. Brown. In his
issuo ol the 7th Inst., I And two articles
In which Mr. Brown is alluded to disparagingly.
In the editorial articlo the motives
actuating the writer are of the lowrat
and meanest character. 1 called the
attention of Mr. B. to this article. He
said he had read it; that the editor of the
llegiiler had done good service in removing
the intolerance ol the Republican party,
but that ho now waa more intolerant
than tlio Radicals ever were.
Mr. Brown is not much to he pitied,
for lie done as much as any man to raise
the whirlwind, and if he cannot direct the
storm Ho must take care of himself. As
to the Republicans of Preston, they arc
not now, nor never were Intolcrcnt in politics
or otherwise. .They supported the
Flick Amendmont with more unanimity
than any other county of the Btate, and
would have enfranchised thoeo engaged
In the Rebellion ot a much earlier day
If other portions ol the State had been
prepared for it. Tlio Republicans of this
county have never taken advantage of
their majority in their township elections,
frequently elected Democrats in townships
where the Republican majorities
were very decided. Can the Democrats
ia? mnrli Willi rei'nnl In
th? nrticle in prniae nT Mr. Pierce, Iran
only any Unit the author cannot ralsoMr.
1'. very high in tho estimation of tho peofilo
ol Preaton until tliey know more about
lie burning o! tlio Court House and records
of thoso numerous judgments ol
Which tlio writer speaks. X have no personal
dislike to Mr. P., and tiope tlmt time
and good conduct may yet give him Hint
enviable diameter ana standing which
the author ot tho article in the llegulrr
wishes prematurely to thrust upon him.
"I'llKBTOH."
An old farmer in the vicinity ol Augusta,
Maine, some twenty years ago, after
concluding a "trade" for a large hill of
goods with an Augusta dealer in furniture,
as ho was aliout to drlvo olf, hailed
the furniture dealer with, "If ycr will
throw in a looking glass, 1.will bring ycr
down a barrel ol nice apples." The mlrmr
was "thrown in," anu this was the last
seen of the farmer until within a few daya
since, when an aged farmer backed bis
"apple cart" up to tlio sidewalk In front of
the furniture store, now occupied by sons
of the former owner, opened tho door and
shouted, Hen'* ytr n/i/ittt! The sur
prise of the sons wm grent.mit the hither,
who wiw present, remembered the circumstance
of the trade, and heartily greeted
his old acquaintance, who niter a lapse of
twenty y?-:*rs had not forgotten his
promise.
?A meeting of the Methodist! wm held
last evening nt Wilmington, Del, to help
the churches of their denomination in
Chicago, at which $2,000 vim subscribed.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS REFOBT.
Kidiulv?ljr to the Intelligencer.
(lly the Western Union Lino.
Dlllce North-west cor. ol Mala and Monroe at*.)
NEW YORK CITY.
Tweed?He Confesses Himself
Sui'iirised-Uetting Rid of
His Plunder.
/all of Tain many*
Proaocution of Thiovos to go on.
Return of mi Kniineul Artificer*
Tho New Attorney (ioiicm! After
the Thieve*.
A Clean Sweep to be Made*
Nbw Yohk, November 1).?Tweed was
interviewed yesterday. He said he was
not prepared to answer any questions regarding
his reported resignation, but it is
pretty certain that the report is untrue.
Tweed said tho great success of tho reform
parly took him completely by surprise.
He was totally unprepared for it.
Tweed's counsel suited yesterday that
he would hurry the trial of tho charges
of the lteiorm Committee, lie hud no
reason to wish for delay.
Tho Tribune says Tweed has boon
rapidly transferring his prnportv to other1
1ihik1m. A few davs airo he sold another I
pjco of valimbio property, which cost
|200,(X)0, to his sou. ilo has also beou
Helling his stock in tho various railways
mid other coin panics?in most instance?
at a sacrifice, ilu no longer figures as a
director of tho Third Avenue Kailroad.
His name was dropped for the reason that
he has lately sold all his stock in that
line. He held at tho time Mr. O'Conner
began tho suit agaiust him 7,000 shares of
Metropolitan Gas stock, worth about
$1,1105,000. lie ordered its immediate
sale after tho suit begun, and though the
then rate wan 11)5, ho forced it on the
market and disposed of it for about 170.
It is reported that ho attempted to sell
his lease of tho Metropolitan Hotel.
Tlicro is universal satisfaction to men
of nil parties over tho result of tho
election. Charles O'Connor says the
Legislature will at onco proceed to erase
from tho statute book tho nefarious laws
that gave so much power to the rascals
who bad so nearly ruined the credit of
tho city through mlsgovernment Tho
suit against tho King will not bo allowed
to languish, although they would not ho
nrcHsed so hastily as heretofore. It had
been the object of the prosecution to place
the cvidenco beforo tlio people, In order
that It might bo properly considered before
the election, mid thus give holiest
citizens an opportunity ot turning out nl
oilleo the scoundrels who bad so long defrauded
the city; but the suit would proceed,
as there was no intention of allowing
them to rest or lellove tlio rogues
ironi the legal lash which tlicy so richly
deserve.
Ingcrsoll returned to New York on
Monday night. He had been In constant
communication with his friends, and ascertained
that the limitation of the order
lor his arrest, which had been granted
against him, expired ou Saturday. Tuesday
ho appeared at tlio polls In the Nineteenth
ward, voted tUe Tammany.ticket,
and retained. Yesterday ho sent a messenger
to the Biierill's oillco with Inhumation
that lie awaited his arrest with
considerable Impatience, and had gentlemen
in readiness to sign bonds for Ids release.
His arrest caliilot bo effected until
a new order 1b granted. This will probably
bo done to day.
A new order of arrest has been granted
against Thomas C. Fields, llo Is lying
ill nl hla rnairWim IhU mnrtilflff. but the
formality ofilio arrest wili bo gone through
with and bail bo given Immediately.
Tlio IKorM lays tho Itopublican majority
in tho Stato will be from 12,000 to 17,000.
Tho Legislature la two-thirds liepublican
in both bouses.
At? mooting of tho Hoard of Health
vostorday, tho report of tho City Sanitary
Inspector showed an increase of lourtccn
eases of small-pox lor the week ending
November 4th. The matter was referred
to a secret session.
Tho receipts at theolllcoof the Htaatt
Zeilunij for tho Amd in nld of the sufferers
from tho prairie and forest fires have
reached |2,.t!M.
Theodore II. Bannson, tho leader ol a
gang of bounty and back pay claim forgore,
was arrostocl hero last evening. It
is stated that lie manipulated n forged
claim on the Oouernment amounting to
$400,000. His headquarters have lately
been In Chicago.
The Hiin states that the building of a
Viaduct Railway out of tho Tammany
Jobs Is indefinitely postponed.
tiey General ol the State, states that criminal
proceedings will be Immediately commenced
against every man implicated In
the city frauds. He says, further; "We
can now easily rid ourselves of all the corrupt
officials. The Mayor, the Commissioners,
tho different Municipal Courts,
tho Judges In the city interior Courts, and
the Judges of tho higher Courts will all
he reached by Impcuolitncnt,? new city
charter will lie framed ami a new election
ordered."
Deputy Comptroller Oreen states that
the result in the election is already felt. It
has Improved tho price In city bonds, and
ho will now have no trouble in raising any
amount ol money.
It Is stated that Oen. Sigcl will pmke
O'Donovan Itossa Deputy Registrar.
A mass meeting ol the doling Men's
Municipal Kelorm Association willbe held
next week at tho Cooper Institute.
A Columbia, 8. C., dispatch to the Herald
states that several arrests have been
made at tho Union Court Ilouso by the
V. 8. Marshal, and more aro being made.
i uu uiH|>mcu *nyH ino K'VIIII^ it> j iinter,
nnd if bloodshed ensued it woulu not
be surprising.
(Jen. Hanks nnd family arrived from
Europe to day.
A meeting of the Republican Committee
and Republican candidate* of Brooklyn,
was held this morning. There was a
large attendance. After several speeches,
In which It was assorted that evidence
of a conclusive natnro was ready to prove
the glaring frauds by the inspectors and
poll canvassers, by which several candidates
were miscounted. A committee
was chosen to bring the matter properly
before the public, tho courts and the legislature.
Mayor Kalbfleiscb was present
and acted in sympathy with the meeting.
John Graham. Judgo Chandler, nnd a
great number of other smaller fry of the
Tammany persuasion waited on Tweed
to-day. it is reported that Tweed sent for
them to consult on the expediency of taking
ilia seat in the Senate. He says he lias
not.unsigned either his Senatorship nor
as Commissioner ol Public Works.
Tho JW says tho victory Tuesday was
not a Republican one, but purely an uupartisan
triumph.
Three hundred Croton laborers were
discharged yesterday. They wanted their
pay to-day, but together with tho delegates
Ironi four water registers, were told
to conic again. Judge Brady will probably
decide to morrow the question as to
the payment ul increased salaries.
Alderman Jas. Irving lor assaulting U.
8. Marshal Dowiey, has been sent to the
huutow street Jan, pending tne investigation.
Martin Frank, tho counterfeiter, lias
been pardoned by the l'resulcnt.
Thomas C. Fields was arrested to-day
and gave bail in the sum of $300,000.
At a meeting of Aldermen to-day the
chairman of the committee from that body
appointed to act with the Hupervisora and 1
citizens in investigating tho lrauds in the
city accounts, stated that eaid committeo 1
had received the report of tho Citizens' i
Committee, which has been published,
but he Baid the Aldermanic Committee
believed tho corporate authorities should 1
take some more decided action upon such
startling developments than were in the 1
publications. The committee are consid- 1
ering what aclion is proper for tho Board
to take.
Tho committeo appointed at tho Brook- 1
lyn meeting this morning have issued a 1
call for a mass meeting ol tax-payers at 1
tho Academy of Music to-morrow night, 1
to express indignation at tho ring frauds
alleged to have been perpetrated on the J
voters Tuesday. Mayor Kalbflolsch will 1
presiuu.
Several returns from a district mill live
Wards of Brooklyn are still missing.
Mr. 8pcncer, tho counsel (or Mr. Irving,
has applied to Judge Woodruff for a writ
of luwuu corjm, contending that tho Davenport
action is unlawful. An order was
/(runted directing tlio Attorney Uencral to
show cause for now granting tlio writ,
Tweed has not resigned and will not.
Ho was at Ills ottlco thia morning and was
called upon by many friends, llo will
take a seat In the Senate on the opening
day, O'Donovan Koesa will however
contcst tho scat on the ground of illegal
voting and false canvassing, to prove
which, it is said will havo plenty ul witnesses.
McMahou, Itcformcr will conteat
lllair's seat in tho Assembly, and
Kilian will contest Krear's.
Tweed said to-day ho would be ready
with a reply to Judge Learned'^ warrant,
when tho twenty days was up.
It Is rumored this afternoon that Mayor
Hall Intends to resign before tho organization
of the now Municipal Board.
Jiio. II. Kovser, is believed t<> bo traveling
lu Florida or Carolina for his health;
his partner ssys tlio properly at Aiken, H.
u., was Dougm uy iieyser inonius ngo, 1
wilh Urn intention ol establishing 11 hos- 1
pital for Norlhurn invalids. 9
God. Sherman and stall will bo liero I]
Saturday to tako passage on the Frigate I1
Wabash. v
Tlio general term of the Supremo Court 1
rovereed tho judgment giving Captain I1
Samuel $5,000 lor the alleged libel by the 0
Kceniny I'out. 0
All tlio firemen injured by the Tenth
avenue disaster will recover. tl
*jTho official count, shows that James c
Sheldon, Republican, has been elected
Judge of tho Superior Court instead of
(jcorgo Wad a worth, Republican, as before
reported. Sheldon leads Wadaworth live
votes. Ocorgo Clinton, Democrat, (tho
other Judge) is elected to,the Superior I
Court. 1 to runs over 800 ahead of all ti
competitors.
Marshal Sliarpc, (earing that Jim Ir- V
ving's friends would rescue|him Irom tlio
Ludlow Street Jail, has issued an order h
for his removal to a (J. S. Fort.
At a meeting of tho Union Lcaguo H
Club this evening the following was un- 1
animously adopted: limited, That tho n
members o! tho Union League Club liavo it
learned with profound regret of tho si
death, in a foreign land, of their Into as- C
sociate aud Honorary moinuer, Major li
(len. Robert Anderson, whoso heroism in d
dolenco of Fort Sumter constitutes one v
til the most honorable events in the his- h
tory of the lato war, in common with y
our loyal countrymen. We deeply mourn h
the loss of this bravo patriot and christian tl
hero, and wo tender to his family the I
warmest sympathy. v
c
Weather Report. tl
Win n(TARTMUTT, I 1orrirj
onus Chirf Biohai. orno?a, I v
wahhinotow, 1). C., Nov. 9?7:30 p. y
1'KOHAlHr.itiks.
The low barometer in Illinois will prob- tl
ably move eastward 011 to I,ako Efio on n
Friday. Kasterly winds continue on Lake
Miobigan, backing to tho north-west, and
increasing norlh-cast winds on Lako Eric,
veering to the south-west. Boulh-wcst
winds with rain, from Georgia to Vlr- J
glnla. Cold north-west wind and clear- 1
fng weather west of Alabama and Illinois. B
Easicriy winds with threatening weather 0
in New England, and warning signals tl
ordered. Cautionary signals arc ordered t
for the southern portion ol Lake Michigan c
and Lake Eric. j

A Scramble Among Phllndclphlnns.
Wabhinoton, Nov, 0.?Thcro Is n live- n
ly contest for the vacant offices In Pphila- c
delphla. caused by tho death of United n
States Marshal Gregory, tho Transfer of 1
Collector Sickles, of tho 4th District,
to bo l'enslun Agent in place of Forbes,
and the resignation by Mayor elect Stokely,
of tho asscRsorship ol tho Second District
A number ol Philadelphia poll- n
tlclans have arrived to urgo tho claims ol I
their respective favorites, but tho I'resl- c
dent has taken no action In the mutter. C
the consolidation ofthc2nd?nd 4thllev* o
enun Dlalrlcla is talked of with tho Col- v
lector of the 2nd and Assessor of tho 4th, g
in Chicago. I). W. C. Baxter and ,1. N.
Herris nre said to ho prominent Applicants f
for (Jen. Gregory's position.
ST. LOUIS. c
Meeting of Coltoa Dealers.
St. Louis. November 0.?The cotton n
dealers of tins city met yesterday to con-
sidcr the project of forming a Cotton As- I
soclatlon for the purpose of inducing H
planters to send their cotton here for sale, t
tho buyer? from tbo East and Europe to
command the purchase and to make this
city a large cotton market. A committee
was appointed to draft articles for the association
and report at an adjourned
meeting on Wednesday next. I
Holler Eiploslon. r
Kotit Wavsk, In i)., November 0.? 1
The toiler of the cngino in the black- 1
smith shop of tho Port Wayno Kallroad I
exploded at scTen-thirty this morning.
Six men were injured, some quite seriously,
but not totally. The brick walls were
blown down and tho machinery damaged i
considerably. Cause not known. c
CHICAGO.
.Majorities for the Flre-l'roof"
Ticket?.A Locomotive Freclpltuted
iuto the Hivcr?Smothered
l?y Uua.
Chicago, Nov. 0.?The following aro
the majorities in this city for the Union
Firo-Proof ticket: Medill, for Mayor,
11,0;I7; Uuge, City Treasurer, 10,841;
Huinsey, County Treasurer, 0,8110Jameson,
Judge ol the Supreme Court, 10,41)0;
Tree, Judgo ol Superior Court,. 1,028;
Suite's City Attorney, 11,808; Von llolten,
City Collector, 0,111; liencridge, Congressman
at large, 2,462.
Last evening as the locomotive Wheeler,
on tlio Northwestern Railroad, was
approaching the Kenslu Street Bridge,
the tuj McClollau collided with the
bridge and swung it partially open, and the
locomotivo was projected into the river.
i acre were tnree men on Uio locomotive,
Wm. Leo, a clerk in a Purchasing Agent's
ulllce, went down with the locomotive,
#nd liis body baa not been recovered;
Ed. Piercc, engineer, was recovered, but
Is severely injured, and Cbas. flail, lireman,
escaped without injury.
N. Mailer, ol Adeline, Ogle county,
Illinois, put up at tko Southern Hotel last
night, blew out tin) gas in his lodging i
room, went to bed anu this morning was i
round dead Iron) asphyxia, lie was In-
loxicated when he went to bed.
Tho estate ol the lato P. F. \V. Peck
was put into probato yesterday lor administration.
His real estate was repre-
sented to be worth one million one hunJrcd
and twenty thousand dollars in To- j
na county, Iowa.
The hog cholera is prevailing to an
tlarming extent. Almost every Trainer
s more or less a loser. I
Tho western extension of the Baltimore
t Ohio Jiallroad is to coma into this city
in the track ol the Illinois Central Hail-
oad from Calumet Station. These Coin-
mnies, together with tlio Michigan Cen
ral, and Chicago, Burlington (Jiilncy,
will build a Union pusscnger depot.
1'bcir present plana would require agrcat
teal more ground than that portion of
.ho Lako front which has already bcon
ipplied lor, and it is understood that they
will apply to tho city to sell them all that
iart of Jjaku I'ark north of Van Huron
itreot, upon which they propose to build
hn llnruf ilminl tinllfllnirin thn nmrtil
The Grand Jury for the November
crm ol the Circuit Court was empannol-
ed this morning unci rccclved the charge
if Judge Williams. In his charge the
[mlgu touched 011 the killing ol Col.
Irosvenor, anil refers to the letters pub-
ished and purporting to coino Irom Gov.
'aimer ill relation to the indictment ol
jicut. Oen. Hherldun, Mayor Mason and
itliers. lie says they should find no bills
igamst any party,except upon the infornation
of two ol their number,
vho have a personal knowleilgu
if the facts. Neither tlio I'rosccut'
ng Attorney nor the court has
lie right to instruct as to whom you i
hould indict. It would be dangorous to t
irivatc rights and au invasion of your 1
irerogatlves II ever this Court should ad- a
iso you whom you should Indict, and if
Ills Court may not do it, far less may any l
frson who docs not sustain to your
flicial relations. Hhonld any ono not il
f your body seek to inlluenco you by 1
irrillen, printed or verbal communlco- I
Ion to any of you, you will Inform tho n
ourt of sunk fact, that tho offender may n
e dealt with for contempt. |i
WASHINGTON.
c
Washington, Nov. 9.?Tlio Treasury
>epartment has commenced the prcparaon
of cstimiitcfl for tbo next fiscal year.
The President has appointed William, JJ
Vallaco Postmaster at Battlo Creek,Mich.
Dolegato McCorinick, of Arizona, who
as been in consultation during tho week n
ritU President Grant, Gen. Sherman, tho r
ecretaryof Wnr and tho Secretary ol tlio
nlerior, is understood to my tlmt tlio now
rogrammo for tho control of tho Indians
1 Arizona will ho satisfactory to his con-
tltuflnts if strictly adhered to. General
!rook is detained in his dealings with the J
ostilo Indians. Tho 5th cavalry is or-
cred to Arizona to relievo tho lid, and
rill proceed there at once. McCormlck
as protested against certain acts ol Col- V
cr during his visit to Arizona, and says
o Is satisfied tlmt, they wcro not aulinrized
and aTtj not approved by
ho President, lie beliovcs that there
ras not any purpose on tlio part of bis
onstituents to misuso Colyer, and says
lioydonotwish for war measures an
lour longer than It was necessary to con-
inco tlio Apaches that they must coaso c
lioir robberies and murders. Tho Arizo- v
ilans object, however, to tho assertion
hat these Indians, as a class, aro honest,
nd peaceably disposed, or over had been. n
icnernl Council of tho Lutheran J
Church. v
KooitB8TF.it, November 0.?Cleorgo It. n
locllon.ol New York, and Thomas If. ji
iane, ot Pittsburgh, were to-day olectcd i;
ddltional trustees under tlio provisions
T tlio charter of the General Council of ti
lie Lutheran church. The rebuilding ol s
lie Church of Mercy at Chicago was
ommiltcd to tlio caro of the Lutheran c
lission and Church Extension Society, s
'lie establishment of a Theological Beml- c
ary In Chicago was postponed until
icxt year. Tlio nextBesslon ol the Coun- t
II will lie held nt Akron, Ohio, cum- c
icnclng tlio flrat ThurBduy In November r
H72. a a
MschRrge of thn Fenian Haider* on
Winnipeg. 5
Cincinnati, Nov. 0.?A Bt. l'nul, Mln- Ii
esota special to tlio Chmoniek says the tl
Jnitcd States Cominisloticr Bpencer ills- 1
barged the Fenian General! O'Nell and s;
tonly on the grounds that, although the t
Hence was clearly established, no proof tl
ras adilnced that tlio expedition was oranlzed
in Minnesota.
)hio Woman Nnll'rnne Convention, p
Cincinnati, Nov. !>.?The Ohio Btale tl
Voinan's Hullrago Convention common- Ii
eil this afternoon nt Xcnia, Ohio. The a
ttendanco was small. Mr.lt. A. .lanncy, tl
f Columbus called the Convention to ti
rdcr. After appointing a Committee on
taolntiona, addresses was made by Mrs.
,ongley, ol Cincinnati, Mrs. Stewart, of
ipringtieid, Mrs. uoic, 01 Hiuney, Mrs.
,'utler, Mlsa I)e Forest and others.
li
Morn Ku.lilm Arreits In Honlh
Carolina.
Washington, Nov. !).?A letter from
Ipartanstmfg, South Carolina, says: Last
''rlday night, ft squad ot cavalry rode out
n the direction ot Mmcatonc Springs and
etiirned with eleven KuKlux prisoners.
rims tar nil who could give good bonds r
lave been admitted to hall, and are innk- t
ng preparations lor their trials.
niver Report.
riTTSurnott, Nov. 9.?The river is 2.1 t
nches and falling. Thermometer :10 de- c
jrees, r
FOBBIG2ST.
ENGLAND.
An Enterprising New York Swindler.
London, Nov. 9.?A swindler named
Charles J. Whittintftou, 84 John street,
N. V., has been seuding circulars here
offering counterfeit notes on the llank of
Ellwand, at low rates. The police niseis
trauv telegraphed the tacts to the New
York police. The Time* exposes the
facts this morning. Wliittington is doubtles
one ol the sawdust swindlers.
closed wilh the usual banquet given by
tlio Lord Mayor :it Guild Hull, which was
attended hv u brilliant company of Ministers,
members ot Parliament, Ambassadors
and other distinguished persons.
Among the guests were Mr. Gladstone,
several members of the Cabiuet and Mr.
Schenck,the Americun Minister.
A tonst was given to the Diplomatic
Corjw which was responded to by Mr.
Bchenck, who, iu the coursc ot his remarks,
made a gratctul and reeling allusion
to the sympailiy (or Chicago in their
[{real calamity, llis specolr was loudly
and siguitlcantly applauded.
Mr. Gladstone, replying lor Mcr Majesty's
Govern incut, said ho was thanklul to
lie able to statu that at tho present moment
Kngland had nctually no quarrel,
lend or controversy with a foreign power
anywhere on tho surface o! tho globe.
England's place in Europe was that ol ono
mnong many sisters, inseparable from tho
European family but ho was glad that
tier peculiar position removed her from the
risk of Enropoan dissensions. Peace
was never so certain as now. 1 lo believed
Lhut the sentiment* of friendship and attachment
which had been expressed by
Ihe Minister of tho United Htatea on the
part of tho American |>coplo for their
brethren in Great Hritain were universal
y lull in the breast? of both tuitions.
'When," waiiI Mr. Gladstone with great
jarnestness, "tlio American Minister sjxike
)f tlio rellof for Chicago, the heart of this
jreat hall answered him, 'America has
been equally ready to pour out her treasure
for our relief.'" (Prolonged cheering.)
rho Treaty of \Vashington, he continued,
lot only obviated future controversies,
jut was an extension ol that intcrnationd
code which was the most remurkable
riuinph ol modern civilization and
night iMwsihly inaugurate peaceful orbi.raments
ol all disputes among the nations,
rho Premier concluded by declaring that
England bad Utile to fear from the interml
troubles, and that the International
Society a source of ho much apprehension
o her neighbors caused no uneasiness
lere.
FRANCE.
IVmhie Fire-Damp Fx plosion in a
Coal Mine.
Paws, Nov. I).?A terrible explosion
occurred in a coal mine near Bt. Ktionc,
vhile the gangs were at work. None of
ho men have vet been removed alive.
Pwenty-two bodies have been taken out,
ml 30 miners are still in the pit, all of
vhom are supposed to be dead. The ex
numuu >viu?uiiuihiu 11/ iiru-tuiinp.
In the General Council of Kuro rater-
lay, MinUtcr I'anyor Qucrtior Haul that
'bier's wlio lnul been opposed to making
nilitary Bervlcc obligatory, was begin- I
ling to yield heioro tbo necesaty of such a 1
measure, to bring tbo army up to the proier
standard of efficiency. The General
louncila of the) Departments throughout
lie country are considering the subject of
ompulsory education.
Enropenn Miscellany.
Viknna.Nov. 9.?Count Andrcssyhas
ccepted the position of Minister of For-
Ign Allnirs vice Count Von lleust.
MADittu, Nov. II.?A. political lodge
gainst lliu international Society is in tuo
ourse ot ioruiation hero. It Includes In
is jirogrammo opposition to all schemes
f Cuban immigrant*.
Bkiu.in, Nov. 9.?Eitcnslvo strikes t
ro announced as taking placo at Elblng,
n Important port In Eastern Prussia,
oted for lis mauufaurcs, especially its
Ugar, woolen manufactories and others,
rhcre stcain power Is generally used.
Ztmtcu, Nov. 9.?The degreo of Doctor
f Mediclno has been conferred upon Miss leniscb,
an American lady, by the Uni-
ersity of this city. Blie had completed
er studies ill tlin nieiliim) school attach.
J to llic University^ 1
UTAH. J
Hai.t Lake, November I).?Notwltlilanding
that tho Grand Jury and the J
ourt lmvo kept their secret wonderfully
fell, It la now ascertained that the inIctmenta
against Hrlgham Young, Mayor i
Veils and Hosea Htout, for miircier, wore
iot found upon the solo testimony of Bill J
Ilckman, tho so-called destroying angel,
t is known that on tho trial witnesses
fill ho Introduced for the prosecution,
ot Implicated in tho chorgo at all, who,
I is said, will testify about all that lllck
nnn has sworn to, and perliaps tnoro.
Ocn. Auger left to-day tor Washington
i) report to President Grant on tho
Itiation In Utah.
Large amounts of silver bullion aro recivcd
dally from the Ely district. Tho
hipmcnts of baso bullion and ore are execillngly
light.
Tho Ogden press claim, on the practical
osts ol tho Cornwall experts and practl-
ilaco are lunaJMi and nothing is cxnggcr- J
led. Il is a tact that ore from the Og- 1
len ledges lias been crushed In a tiulver- c
ted rock nnd incllcd in a crucible, nnd J
lills of metnl were brought out which f
ave been contcd on copper nt the heat of f
lie soldering iron siiitnhlo only to tin.
'his conting looks like tin, answers the J
nine purpose ns tin, nnd lins all the Ten-
tires peculiar to tin. The question Is, if
Ills mctnl Is not tin what Is II c
j
The Vienna Female Orchestra. I
MiT.wAiritRR, Nov. I).?Negotiations are
ending between mnnnger Kuilman and
lie rebellious Vienna Female Orehestrn,
y Which a compromise will be eilected
oon. The girls liavo given Mr. Hullmnn _
lie conditions on which they will return
piny. J
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. 'The Women's
lutlrage Convention at Xenia this mornlie,
appointed delegates to the National
lonvention commcncing tuo urn I iiuralny
In November, 1873.
NAN FRANCISCO.
Sax Fiiancisco, Not. 8.?Fifteen hags
f English closed mail per steamer Ktisi.i
lor Chicago, arrived hero overland tolight
Tho postmaster will send it hack
oinorrow.
?Gov. Hoffman has appointed Sam.
ackson, of Bclienectaday, New York to o
ho Judgeship of the court "I the Jttdiial
District in place of Judge Koseklan,
eslgned.
I Financial.
TW0SIT0K3 SECURED BY IN?J
dividual Liability.
R. CUANULB. J. DA.LMMLL. f. U. ?CCUS.
THE CITY BANK
DeaU In Bllla of Exchange, United Statrs
Bonds, Uolit (Ntlu, Mid Negotiable Hocuritlcd
Note# aud Ullla of Exchange Discounted.
Collection* made lur Murchauts, Manufacturers,
Bauki. lisnkera, ana others, on all uccculblu
points In the United Btatea and Canada.
Drafts iusnms to suit purchnBur? on all the
principal Cities and Towns lu Germany, Ureal
Britain and Ireland.
Interest allowed on Hiniclal Drj?oalU.
H. CRANULE, President.
I. DALZELL. Vice PresidouU
8. II. ECCLKS, Cashier. _ marl4
JJ11K8T NATIONAL BANK
O*4 WHMUJIilNG.
Uuitod States Depository,
capital (2bo,ooo
A Konursl Dunking, Exchange and Collection
bnsluoM* uaiiHActtd with tldullty and promptness.
CertlUcaU:* of Depotilt Issued and Interest paid
tboreon,
Kovuuue stamps for salo in sums to lolt.
Now Fractional Currency and 1,1,8 and 6c coin
slways ou band for the accommodation of tbo
public.
Account* of Morchanta, Manufacturers, Bankers
and other* solicited.
Dinaoroita:
JOIIN K. B0T8F0RD, President.
Jacob llorubrook, Chester D. Knox,
Ueo. W. Pranr.belm, A. W. Campbell,
Jacob 8. Rhodes, Morgan L. Ott,
John L. Uobbs, T. J. Campbell,
jantdaw GBORGB A DAM 8, Cashier.
jyjEHUlIANTB' NATIONAL BANK
Of WIST VIRGINIA, AT WUIILINU.
Capital $500,000.
Deals In Gold, Conpons, Bonds, Commercla I
Paper aud Bills of Kxchange.
INTKHK8T PAID ON Bi'KCIAL DBPOBITB.
tollfctlmu madt on all poluU and procurf*
promptly ranitUd,
Kevenue HUunps, New Fractious! Currency, 1, 9,
a and 5 cent coin constantly oil band.
ptiiBtrrous:
J. N. Vsure. I John llaudlan.
L. 8. Dulaplalu. I K. J. Htone.
T. 8w?'C!iiey. Wut. Unlley.
A. WIIhiiu Ki-lly. I W. 8. Goshorn.
A. Wilson.
J. NKL80N VANC'B, President.
JOHN J. JONK8. Cashier. inytdaw
DAN I, 0. LIST. JO* It I'll HRYBOI.D
HHNUV K. LIST. UIHfON I.AMM.
Personal Liability for all Deposits.
Bank of Wheeling.
WHEELING, W. VA.
Deals In Dills ol RxchanRe, Government Bonds,
Blocks, Gold, Commercial Taper, ami all Ne^oU
ablu securities.
INTEREST PAID ON SPECIAL DKPOBITH.
Bpoclalattention riven to collections.
I). C. LI8T, President.
GIBBON LAMH,CaaJ.lor.
JUHKI'il BEYBOLD, Assls't Cash. fohtt
RATIONAL HAV1NUB BANK
Or W118II.1MA,
tntnrporaUd January 1f?, 1869.
CAPITAL, $100,000.
Monoy received on Deposit. Interest paid oo
ipoclal Deposits, Notes and lillla discounted
ixchan^o bonght and sold. Collections madn on
11 ^?ruV;r<,a^llrin,rn'"t 1 y ro m u
dihiotobs:
Thomas H. List, j Robert Pratt,
Robert Gibson, It. A. McCabo,
J. 0. Thomas, James McCluney,
J. L. Btlfel.
TJIOS. I!. LIST. President.
MoCLUNEY, Vlco President,
8. P. ini.DURTn, Caahjor.
piIK PEOPLE'S BANK.
OFFICE, NO. 69 MAIN BTRRRT,
WnilMNU, w. TA.
Monoyrocelvod on deposit. Interest paid on
Ipeclal Deposits.
Notes and Hill* Discounted. Exchango boaKht
nd sold. Collections at homo or from abroad
iromplljr atU>ndod to.
Drnsoroiu!
John Hold, Christian Hosa,
John Handlan, John Vockler,
Bamael J. Boyd, Richard Carter.
Andrew Wilson, John P. Truschel,
Thomas O'Brien.
JOHN RRID, President.
JOBIAI1 P. UPDRORAPF. Cash'r. myll
JiJIE CITY HANK, DELLA1KB, 0.
Offlce oi Water St., Opposite Central Block,
>oea n general Banking btialneaa: receive*
noney on depoalt nnd paya Intcrcat on ipoclal
Icponltl'; dleconnta notes fintl-bllln; drain In Kx
hange. Conpona and National, Btato and local
ecuritlca.
Thepromptest attention given to collection! on
lellafre and Its vicinity. Tha corroapondenco
if Banks, Hanker* and othera, having business
tthla point solicited.
DtBIOTORfl!
i. W. Anderson, I lease Booth,
1,0. Mellott, A. P. Tallman,
ohn T. Mercer, 0. 0. Kelly.
A. W. ANDKHHON, rrea't.
A. P. TALLMAN, Cashier. septO
WANT SUPPLIED.
To supply a want felt for a real gcnnlno good
irtlclo of Soap at a reasonable price, tho underIgned
I* now manufacturing such an article, an
II tcitlfy who havo seen and mod
rhe Favorite 8oap,
Manufactured by E. RRID, Wheeling, W. Va.
I claim that It cannot he excelled, 1st, In purlyand
quality; Id, In economy, because it la
rm and hard aa aoon aa made anil will not shrink
rhen exposed to the atmosphere, Ilka most
oapa do. It will therefore waah half aa much
lore aa tho aoapa now In markot at tho aamo
rash wltlia pn re, clean soap, or yon cannot havi*
loap, while clothc#. I'm tto Karorit* Soap*ml
on will have no more trouble getting yonr
lothes white and faultleas, and gnaranteo that
t will not Injure the ekln or tho mo?t delicate
abrlcfl. 4th, I claim for It an advantage overall
them In that It will bear leaving In water for a
ir 10honrt without Injuring It. Othersoapsare
endercd useless by forgetting them In tho tnb
ir basin after using. Plftaae enonlre o! yonr
;roccr for tho Pavorlte Soap, and yon will bo
on ?l need that It Is the bent.
Cauthm*.?Bach bar In stamped "Mlnm'and
)f<tetanies' Faroritt floap, manufactured by K.
Heid. I nming. W.Va.'
Manufactured and pold at wholesale by
RDWARD RR1D,
Boapand Candle Mannfactnrer,
aiirW Wheel!ng, W. Va.
K It I C A N
\itilicial StoneWorks,
WM. KRAU8E A CO.,
rillLADBfiPIIIA,
Mannfactnrcri of the Durahleand Beautlfnl
Artificial Pavement,
por Roads, Sidewalk* andOardenwalks, equal
o stone flagging, O"'1 costa from 85 to 75 tier
ent less. Floors fur leo llonses, Brewerfe*.
{Itrhens, Cellars, Ac. Floor Tiles for Rtores,
lotels, lulls. Ac., In a rarlctr of Color*. Ilonso
f.nnta mill Walls cavered In an* color stnm>
Vmetrry Bnfio?nro*, Va*efl, Monument#, Step*,
Vimlow Bill*, Door Hllln, Ac.
office on Market street, In Hamilton'* new
ilock, oppo*lto City Bank, whcro a upeclmen of
ho pavement can be Been.
Order* for any of the above received by
IAH. HAMILTON,
?ttfl Cleneral Ajrcnt for Welt Va.
r Vat baoh.
1.000 fbnnh. Rnrlap'* B?g*, for aalo by
ortlfl LIST, HAVRNPORT ft PARRH.