OTTAWA FKEE TRADER: SA1URDAY, OCTOBER 28,1871.
Siiatoa nt iraittr.
Oi:iui III. SMtudaft October 2S 1871.
DEMOCRTICiOf.ltlATIO;iS.
P,r Congreg, Jtatt at Large.
Hon. S. 8. HAYS, of Cook Co.
for CvuffretaGth Dutrict,
LORENZO LELAND
For CvutUy 2'reaturer.
SAMVEL W. RAYMOND.
Fr Vo'inty Unrteyor.
AENER HUGE.
h.te Yon Ready.
Election occurs rtnc week from next Tues
dr.v, The main question with the voters here is,
to whom will thty entrust their immediate in
terest? hi the present ci'ngrss? -and we niay
sav, witho.it exaggeration, that at no time for
many years past has t lie subject assumed a
greater importance. It is not strange, there
fore, that tucre should be a general awaking
among thinking and reflecting men upon
what may be termed a personal reformation
in political natters. Party politicians
known as such have at all times constituted
but a small proportion of the voting popula
tion of the country. The mass of the voters, now
as ever, neither expect m r would take office,
nor do they greatly concern themselves about
party matters. W hile this class of men are
always the soundest and most reliable in any
real emergency aJTecting the public weal, ord
inarily they are scarcely felt in shaping the
political destinies of the country. They rare
ly attend the caucuses and conventions of the
party to which they nominally belong, and so
their voices are seldom heard, while the poli
ticians make the nominations for which their
support is asked. Cut there always has been
and always will be a limit to their endurance.
When by their apathy, these political lead
ers have been rushing oj from bad to worse
till thu very safety to the country becomes
seriously eudangcred by their corruption and
debauchery, and liually nominations are made
cf n. eo the stink of whose lives has loaded
the atmosphere with their offensive odor
wherever they go, or are knowu or heard of,
then it is that this class of men of whom we
speak, who have really no end to subserve but
the welfare of their country who have no
jHTsonal expectations to blind their eyes
-or warp their judgments, shake off the lethar
gy which their dislike of active politics is
sure to engender, nr. J rise in their might, tear
asunder tlx; weak party cords which have
lead ll.eiii gently along after a political car,
which they now see is drawn by a cloven-footed
bcust, with seven heuds and ten horns, and
assert their manhood and patriotism, and
scornfully turn their Lacks upon the corrup
tion who insults their integrity by asking
their biulViiges, and with heart and soul give
their eiipport to parity ,f character and high
tone integrity, especially when they find them
combined with unassuming modesty and
milked ability.
.iL-'Jih is tin; man to win mi all this class ol
nii'f. will now turn -ki an ardent support at
the api'rovching 'ongre.-ionai election. They
have nrly all known Lorenzo Leland for a
long tvrri o! yci-rs, r.vA hitve ol served with
inliniie sKlisfaction his unsullied life and un
spotted character, and they know, with an
ab.v.V.'.e ccitamty, that he will never betray
the trust which they will place in lib hands
y .v (.king to pAi!...U' his individual gain.
They will in l-e fnnv to draw the contrast
btiu an him .vv.lhi s competitor, whose only
ch.kii upon them is ihat of a low, selfish, in
trhi'mg politiei m, who lias secured a nomina
tion over better men than himself, whose self
mpect and hiirh notions of honor would not
allow them to steep to the degrading chicnu
eiy Mid contemptible lutrigue by which he
put them urnler his feet anil now cracks the
pnify la-h over their heads with a defiant ex
ultatiau, which unbridled insolence can alone
assume. There are men in the republican
ranks whom Mr. Snapp, by his groveling
laanygement. bcut in the convention whose
election would have done honor to their party
and good service to their country, and who
would have ucei veil the individual support
of all that class of non-politicians whose pro
clivities incline them to net witu that party
even against such a man us Mr. Lelaud. But
they wiil turn with loathing iroui the man
who has thus foisted himself upon his party,
and now, like the old man of the Bea, pro
posse to ride astride its neck with whip in
hr.ud and fpr.r on heel, fcornfully laughing at
what he Mipposcs its impotent efforts to throw
Lim oil". It we are not mistaken, that jovial
countenance will turn to a pale and sickly hue
before this election is over, lie will find
there is some manhood left in the bee
American voter, and that his real supporters
will dwindle down to the beggarly account of
those he lins promised fat offices as the price
of their manhood any patriotism.
The Ottawa IbpuliUcnn complains that Mr.
Lelaud lias made a fortune in Ottawa, but has
done nothing to promote its prosperity. Take
the party film from off thine eyes and see the
truth. If Mr. Lelaud has secured a compet
ence by honest industry mid lrugality, he lias
devoted it all to the improvement 'of Ottawa.
lie has never invested a dollar of his earnings
.beyond the city or its immediate vicinity.
The brick blocks iuto which he has put his
money arc auioug its finest ornaments. What
has Mr. Snapp done to improve Ottawa or his
.own town? Where has he placed the money
which he has made in his pratice a a lawyer
and practice s apolitcian!
The Water Power at Ottawa. 111.
To manotfcetarera.
Attention is called to the extensive Water
Power now completed and ready for use at
the citj of Ottawa, HI., consisting of the
water power of the Illinois and Fox rivers so
united by dams and races as to form one im
mense water power, greater in capacity than
the power used at Lowell, Mass. The Ottawa
Manufacturing Co., the proprietors of the wa
ter power, are now prepared to furnish to the
right kind or parties any amount of water
power and land for manufacturing purposes
and for homes for mechanics and laborers, at
RATES OFFERING GREATER INDUCEMENTS THAN
ANT UTHER 10 INT IN THE STATE, and EUCh as
cannot iau to give satisfaction.
The situation of Ottawa, on the III. and
Mich. Canal and at the crossing of the C. It.
I P. and C. B. Q. railroads (the latter by
the Fox River branch) secures to manufac
turers cheai freights, and the abundance of
the best quality of bituminous coal in its
immediate vicinity and from the extensive
Vermillion coal fields a short distance south
of the city, and now connected by rail with
the city, secures to them cheap fuel.
The city is supplied with an excellent sys
tem of public schools, with gas and water,
water from the Caton Water Works and from
eight Artesian wells flowing with an average
head of twenty-five feet, and with the finest
and best, kept Hotel in the state, with nu
merous fine Churches, making it a desiveable
residence place.
It mu9t be remembered that the west is
soon to do the manufacturing for the west
and that water power is the cheapast and
most steady power in use, facts most fully ap
preciated by eastern manufacturers.
Those who are about to erect manufactur
ing establishments are earnestly request
ed and invited to visit Ottawa and ex
amine the power and land belonging to
the company. To see is to believe.
For further information apply to or address
John V. A. Hoes, President, Ottawa, 111., or
D. F. Cameron, 75 Ashland av., or non. B. C.
Cook, 3G8 Wabash ave., Chicago.
Quirk, Gammon and Snapp,
This was the name of law firm whom the
author of "Ten Thousand a Year" has immor
talised. The names, as may be supposed, are
remarkably discriptive of the individual
characteristics of the different members of the
firm. Whatever may be said of the other
members, we have certain evidence that the
last named at lenst left descendants, one of
whom found his way to Illinois. He is now
Awning around this district, and by his in
genious Qtcirfo is endeavoring to Cutumon the
people into his support for congress. He was
here in the early part of the week, whettling
his teeth against certain officials, who have
become so hardened in siu that they deplore
Ins nomination, and he is preparing to tnajp
off their heads, as well as the heads of all who
received favor in ui:y form at the hands of Mr.
Cook, and violently threatens that said heads
fchall fail into the basket as soon as possible
iifrer the 1st of December next. Pre-hm, thrv
will.
A Brief Suggestion.
It in b fuct apparent to all. that Corooratinna
are abjects of doubtful and su-pieious characters,
una insurance companies th most of all, bee-tune
they may be broken nn bv the nammlH
of fire, even if honest a quality not universale
nkiwuutcu u mrui nnu some or ttein have
proved themselves unable or unwilling to dis
charge the dutie for which they were organized,
and which in, nod oui:ht to be expected of them,
and without (pacifying any frauds with wtiieh
imoiy of them have been charged. I Muscat, lt.
I hat all insurance companies be abolished 2d.
That for nafety beyond a chance of failure, the
federal Government assume the responsibilities
tmd euro of insurance, and if company can live
and piy dividend, and support an army of
agent nil over the country,, besides local
ujjencies and officers in all the oities, the gov
ernment cua keep a responsible agent in every
county, under good and sufficient bond?, to muko
bin return and pay over all raoneyit every mouth,
which would with no extraordinary premium,
f urnih an inuueie fund which might be used
to puy off tlio national debt and save the peuplo
from interest, which alone might pay ull lof.se
in ordinary years, and every pertton insured re
ceive prompt indemnity for nil stipulated Iohnch,
and an agent in each county could coat a titho
of the amount now paid to the multitudes now
employed. 3d. Thut, in oae of rivalry or any
animosities that might- exict between localities
and sections of country, tbey would be no source
of mischief, on all would be interested and 4th,
That safety, notional wealth, national indepeud
anoe and national unity, may be promoted and
socured. Citizen.
Which shows that "A Citizen" ha3 some
how imbibed some of the very worst notions of
the old Hamiltonian Federalists, whose wild
est ideas ol a strong, centralised 'government,
never reached the extent of endorsing
a Quixotic scheme like the above. As a
scheme of robbing the government and enrich
ing a million nt official thieves, the ubove
deserves to be patented and nco in success
lul operation, the New York Tammany
thieves, and the southern carpet-bugger
thieves, could cross hands, sell out their pres
ent rich leads, and pay untold millions for a
monopoly of the stealing privileges which this
gigtmtic government iusurunce scheme could
not fail to secure to them.
The story of the cow and keroseuo lamp
having been the origin of the tire in Chicago
is squelched by the affidavits of the owners ol
the property and a neighbor who swear that
there was no fire in tho stable that night and
that the cow was milked before dark. This
is unfortunate, as such a testimony ngainst the
use or kerosene for light might have been the
means of saving many valuable lives.
The Republican on Thievery.
The Ottawa RepvUitan seems to think that
because the four leading thieves in New York
city claim to belong to the Democratic party,
there is no other political corruption worthy
of attention. Does it forget that, in order to
carry out these schemes of plunder, these New
York democrats gave half the city offices to
republicans so that so far as either party is
responsible for those wicked transactions, the
disgrace must fall on both alike Does it
forget that every democratic paper through
out the nation, that every democratic conven
tion in the whole country, has denounced
these frauds and repudiated the thieves?
Does it forget that while the republicans have
been in power their congress has become
go corrupt that hardly as many righteous men
arc left among them as were required to save
Sodom and Gomorah lrom the doom of fire t
Does it forget the sickening corruptions
which, during republican rule, have grown
up in our own legislature, of which this same
man Snapp was a leading spirit, so far as his
feeble abilities would allow him to be one,
and it really takes but a small amount of in
tellect in a member of the legislature or of
congress to take a bribe for a vote Docs it
forget the admitted and shocking venality of
the republican legislatures in the southern
states That is Louisiana alone they voted
fifty-four millions of state bonds to private
companies, of which they themselves were
the principal members and were only deterred
from a further issue of state bonds because
they saw they would deieat their object of
greed by rendering the bonds utterly worth
less That the corruptions in the South Car
olina legislature were none the less flagrant,
were of the same character, and scarcely less
in amount So in Georgia, Alabama, Flori
da, and, in fact, in all the southern states
where tho republicans bear undisputed rule.
Yes, our neighbor has forgotten all this,
for he has failed to denounce them, or even
in his modest way, to expresi a single disap
proval. Nor is he singular in thu respect.
The same may be said of the whole republican
press from one end of the Union to the other.
If possible, we make the solitary exception of
the Chicago T ribune. Oh say they, we
must hush them up and conceal from the peo
ple as far as possible the damnable truths, or
it trill hurt the jxirty The party that will
conceal such iniquity becomes a party to it.
If but a solitary instance of corruption could
be brought home to republicans, ,and then
promptly and in fitting terms all the papers,
speakers and coventions denounced the fraud
and repudiated the thieves, it might claim to
have washed its hands of the guilt, and, with
unblushing fare, ask the honest voters
of the country In continue their confidence
in it and dve it their sunport.
Cut whac do we see Instead of
exposing the francfe and denouncing
them, we find thera approtin them by their
silence 8cd acquiescence and more, tbey select
one of the chirftt among tho?e who have become
so demoralized by politics traffic a to thiak til
is Loncst in politic, for their standard bearer,
ai.d hold Lim up as a proper man for the suffra
ge of tin honest pnople. Stieh i the least the
republican convention has invited iN f wers
to. When men of real worth io all too pri
vttj relations of life, which characterizes the
editor of the Ottawa 1U publico n dure not fay a
Miujlo word in coudtinuation of indices which
he ctnnot help to see is surely lending the coun
try to destruction, and hns so fir lost his inde
pendence ts to give Lis siqfoit to such a man
as Mr. &happ in preference to a man like Mr,
Leland, aguinst whoso integrity or capacity hi
own Folf-reypect will prevent him from siyiog a
single word, fur nhould he do so ho knows it
would bo a pure invention, which this whole
oommunity, who havo known Mr. Leland for
moro tlur. thirty-fivo yearn, would indignantly
deny, then indeed it is high tirao for the people
themselves to take tho matler in thoir own
hands, repudiate their political leaders and ex
ercise the rightful power which they possess, and
try if possible to redeem the country from the
danger which threatens it.
It is witn no commou satisfaction that we re
cognise in our neighbor of the HqmMien a
courteous gentleman and a good citizen, with
nn apparently sincere desire to promote the
welfare ol his country, just bo far as circum
stances will permit. Actuated by theso senti
ments, lie used every personal effort to defeat
the nomination of Mr. Snapp, perfectly consci
ous of his unfitness for the office he sought,
and even now it it is with a wry face which
puzzles the beholder to say whether it is a
smile or n scowl that hu conceals li is disgust
when trying to Bay something in favor of a
candidate whom he loaths. He would give a
large umouut for him wo havo no doubt, if
for the next four weeks he could occepy the
position of a private citiz.cn and be able to put
Satan, Snapp and all else of evill behind him,
and with u clear conscience and a heart swell
ing with patriotic pride, support Mr. Leland,
whom he kuows to lo honest and capable.
Never bcl ore did he feel, the trammels which
bind him to the car of party galling as now.
'Cesar's wife must bo above suspicion
was tho exaction of the stern old Roman. In
times like these this staudard of virtue should
be insisted upon in our candidates for public
trusts. The want of this has led the country
to tho verge of ruin, and it can be redeemed
only by electing meu whose characters for in
tegrity are "above suspicion." Virtuous men
admire and will support mc of political vir
tue. Corrupt men will support correptionists
from corrupt motives, for bo man can support
corrupt nteu from pui motives.
Byndio Bontwell.
The New York Herald has been reviewing
Secretary Boutwell s financial exposition and
boasting and finds that, according to his own
showing, the administration of Andrew John
son paid off in four years two .hundred and
sixty-five millions, which would be at the rate
of over sixty-six millions a year. True, Mr.
Bontwell makes an insidious qualifying state
ment to exalt the administration of General
Grant over that of Johnson, that a portion of
the money obtained by the Johnson govern
ment was from the sale of war material. We
have no data to show what amount was real
ized by the sale of war material, but it could
not have been comparatively a very large sum.
Then there was a vast amount ot floating
indebtedness discharged by the Johnson ad
ministration. The expenses of the govern
ment, too, necessarily much greater than since
General Grant has been President. Besides,
Mr. Johnson had the enormous corrupt jobs
of a bitterly hostile congress to meet, and was
rendered utterly powerless to prevent them,
He was badgered and thwarted at every turn.
let his administration, which the republican
congress and party repudiated and embarras
sed, accomplished more really in paying off
the indebtedness of the government than
General Grant's has, notwithstanding the far
moie favorable circumstances in which
Grant's administration has been placed. The
Herald is decidedly of the opinion that scv
eral hundreds of millions more of the debt
would have been liquidated had a wiser finan
cial policy been pursued, and is moved to pro
nounce Boutwell "incapable and a failure."
What is the Finance Question The
finance question between the respective par
ties is well stated by General Benjamin F.
Butler, in bis late speech at Springfield, Mass.
He said, and we commend it to the consider
ation of his republican friends
"But the question of finance is this: I in
sisted in 18G8 that the bondholders should be
paid for their bonds exactly according to the
legal contract, and that they should not be
paid in gold until my soldiers' pensions,
and those of the widows were paid in gold.
I said it then, and I say it now. If there was
any contract on earth which was sacred it was
the one we made for the soldiers' blood. If
there is any one that should be paid in gold,
it is the pensions of the widow mourning for
her husband's life. If there is anything to be
preferred it Is that kind of payment which
gives to the poor man, not the rich man who
has made his thirty, forty of fifty per cent,
during the late war. Now, if that is treason
to the republican party, make the most of it.
It speaks to my soul, heart and every liber in
my body, with the watch word of fair play,
and I staud by it although all the governor
ships tlii.s bide of Texas thould le offered to
me or refused me.''
When the Ottawa Hqubliciii gets on its par
ty spectacles, it thinks it sees signs of a bar
gain between Mr. Leland and the appointees
of Mr. Cook in this district, who arc promised
their walking papers as soon as Mr. Snapp
gets a chance at them. Bless your innocence
do you not know that democratic members of
congress are not consulted very extensively by
the present executive in the removal and ap
pointment of officers Never fear such a bar
gain, for Mr. Leland is not in a position to of
fer the considerate n which Mr. Snapp has
pledged to the outs, whose merits Mr. Cook
so strangely tailed to perceive, and so failed to
give them the places which they now hepe to
receive by the election of one who depends on
bargains nud considerations alone to secure
his election. You will find there are many
men left in the republican party who can act
from higher motives than those which have
come to be regarded nmong republican lead
ers as the only inducement to control party
action.
The Joliet Republican characterises Mr. Le
land, the Democratic candidate for congress,
as an "honest and amiable old gent of the an
cient times," and not up to the political im
provements of modern republicanism. We
must confess that Mr. Leland is not proficient
in the "ways that are dark and tricks that are
vain" which is about the only clement to re
commend his competitor, Mr. Snapp. It will
find that the people have enough of these
modern improtementi in politics, which consist
in knowing how to shuffle the people's money
into their own pockets. The people heartily
desire to testify their appreciation of that in
tegrity which characterised oar public men
of the "olden time," aud will embrace this op
portunity to rid themselves of a political
trickster.
OrEX Poi.au Sea. The German expedi
tion to the North Pole by the way of Spitz
bergen islands send back a report that they
have not only seen the open Polar Sea which
the expedition of Dr. Kane discovered some
years ago, but that it swarms with whales.
When Captain Hal), who is now on his way to
the same locality, finds his way in, and re
turns with a chunk of the north pole as a
figure head of his vessel; a new "oil region"
will bo open to Yankee adventure that will
eclipse the richest leads in Venango.
San Francisco despatches of the 21st inst,,
report the frustration, in that city, on the
night of tho 20th, of a most ingenious und
diabolical attempt to bum that city. A block
thickly covered with frame buildings was
fired in five different places, and but for the
seasonable discovery of the diabolical work,
half tho city would have been destroyed.
They are getting mighty particular on the
St. Jo. A Denver railroad.- The company bag
issued an order restraining passengers lrosn
getting off to gather hazelnut, while the train"
Z?.rTu. l 45 niiles an hour.
This is interfering with traveler', personal
tssmss.
FROM SPRINGFIELD.
SFMNGFIEu.Oct21.1S71.
Messrs. Editoks The LsiahUrt ha. been
in session since Monday, busily considering the
subjects submitted to them by the OoTernor'e
proclamation. Thu house bill No. i eaile4
Root's bill'pMed the Houss by a voU of 120 to
to 8. The bill met with muoh eppodtion at
first, bat was amended in various parts so m to
make it suit the yiews of members. It proposes
to take np the canal lien from the city of Chica
go, sad repay the two and one half million dol
lars as provided by the act of 1&G3. amounting
in the aggregate, to 2,055,340. The bill pro!
vide for issuing C per cent tea year bonds.
The Senate made an amendmenj to the bill
which was afterwards agreed to by the House
which provides for what they call the Canal
Lin JJund," to be drawn from the following
sources First, a sum equal to the receipts from
the Central Railroad fund, say $450,000.
1. Two years receipts of which would
900,000.
2. Amoant received- upon settling
canal truat 100,000.
3. Tolls on canal, present year, esti-
100,000.
4. Estimated tolls next year, 125,000.
5. Levy tax of 13 mill fur 1S71 and
1872 1,350,000
6. Borrow nnder constitutional pro
toB 250,000.
$2,725,000.
The remainder can be raised from the general
reysnue flnd. Thia is probably the best ar
rangement for the people, as it will aave 180,
000 a year in interest, and relieves Chicago to
the extent of all their delegation atked.
There is much anxiety about the expeaditure
of the money by the aathorities of Chicago.
The bill proviJos that not less that one-fifth nor
more than one-third shall be spent in the erec
tioa of public buildings, bridges, police stations,
etc., open their former sites. There has been a
powerful influence brought to bear to take the
business offices and publio buildings as Ut south
a possible, eoj ts t reach out towards Calumet
and then the west side say that they have the
votes, and that if they cannot jret the public
buildiags now, tbey will elect city omcera next
yar that will rebuild on the wet side. The
prineipl bnnines portion is now houseless, and
there is do place in four or five wards to hold
eleotions, and they must, of necessity, be with-
out Mny considerable number of voters for some
time to some. Hence the delegation, after much
wrantdinfr, agreed to the application of the
money as above indicated, and tho city authori
ties a;.d leading citizena agreed to the arrange
ment. The Irvo n;-ues pawd a bill to arum 1 the
2oth section r-f the warehouse act, g Mowing the
warehouse uini to deliver grain in itore eiore
the first of October without the surrender ot the
origin! warehouse receipt, by the parties show
ing that the receipts were horned or lost. The
law, a it stood, milo it criminal for any ware
house man to deliver any graiu or other proper
ty without ttio original receipt
The LeariMaturo hat pa-ed a bill to provide
for the ricasce-mient of property that was burn
ed or destroyed after the ae-Mnent rolls were
returned. It requires that the aensment shall
be made on the first day of November, 171, and
extend the tirao of collection until the hrrt of
July, lbC2. V'hile tho law is general in its
term, it is really to apply to Chicago, tho"ugh
Champugn, Araboy and Woodstock may ayail
themselves of the benefits of the act.
Thero is a bill undisposed of that proviJes for
the removal of the Chicago Reform School from
Chicago to the State Reform School at Tontiae.
There aro about 150 inmates in the Chicago
school. Thero i also a proposition to remove
the Inoane Hospital of Chicago, or to provide
for its maintenance by tho i-tate until the hos
pital at Elgia shall be ready to receivo thorn.
There are near 100 patients there. TLo state
has heretofore paid no part of the auppert of
that institntion, nor have they sent any of their
insane to Jackaonvilla as other counties have
done.
Both houses rescinded the resolution tojmeetat
Chioago Nov. 15th, as the hall ensraged by the
City was burned. The City had expended about
$12,000 to fit it up, as far as they had gone. So
the Legislature will meet in November at Spring-
neia.
Only abovt 140 members of the houae und 35
senators present at this session. A.
MARSEILLES ITEMS.
MAH8EILLE3, Dot. 20.
We nee by last week's Republican that the Mar
seilles Cutlery has determined to locate at Otta
wa. This we have expeotcd slnoe Mr. Thorne
bought aa interest indeed no one has doubted
that it was for this especial purpose. The old
propnetorrs did not wish to leave, but their ar
tioles of agreement are obligatory to go to the
highest bidder. We regret to lose them, as they
were good oitixons aud industrious men but the
f tctory is already leased to men of larger means,
whose intention it is to increase the bmduees im
mensely.
The Organ Factory is now iu suooeasful ope
rution.
We could apeak further, but there is a dispo
eit ion abroad to decry and misrepresent, so we
will reserve oar information.
Our enterprising fellow citizen, Roderick
Clark, has succeeded in making a ooutraot for
000,000 brick, this teeming sufficient material for
buildings in prospuot this fall. A number of
houses will have to be ereuted for the proprietors
and employees of the different manufacturing es
tablishments. Clark bus also ooutraot for
building the tressel work aud culverts of twenty
miles ol tsilroad between Breman and thoKaa
kakss fiver.