THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1871.
thk5otland herald
tCESDAY. OCTOBER 21.
1871
Vlic Fiuaucial silitaUon.
During the last month financial affairs
t the groat centres of business, have been
Vcttoa variety of influences pecu
Hirly tting to their soundness and stability-
The derangements in the Euro
pean money markets, growing out of tho
indemnity fcttlemcnts between France
J0j Germany, have caused the bnnk of
Knglnml to advance its rato of discount
ttrie per cent, within tbreo weeks. This
iUMnn fluctuation of the regulator of the
grills money market, occurring siniul-tweim-ly
with a poircity of gold in the
Vmpri in market, aeregated in ita ef-
by artificial manipulation, was pro
jective of soma uneainesj, and caused
,n n iv men in i and a decline in the
v,h;oof Government securities. Wh n
1,,. iri io of stocks fell off in sympathy,
.poruliiMve attempts were also m-ide both
4t L .rulon and New York, to depreciate
vi!ii i of t' o new five per rent United
,S it. bond-, with tli o intention of cra
tir jt aii apprehenHion that tho subscribers
to the him niiht repudiate their ei)tri'rrl
ments, and thereby oaurp pnibarrassment
to the trr i-ury in tle redemption of the
hundred million cf five-twenty bond
c.illed in. This h id a temporary fT ft
,ind at,'Kr" v.ttod tho pn-vailin;? unsettled
fo 'linn of tho tnarkot. Added to all thin,
tlu bn.ks in tho cities were rapidly lo.'in
th "ir ri'-t- rvs, and the loan market wa
f..tloi!y verinsr towards what seemed arc
it!vi'Hb1 str ini'tiry. Another eircum-.tt-tnc.n
tending to ogirravate th' b id it na
tion of t-ITtirs, ws tho demor-bz iti .n
Cr.wimr out of the exposures of tho car
ruptimof the New York City jjovcru
nii nt, iiivolvitig not only tho credit of the
city, but f-l-o tho possibility that the nicm-b.-rs
of tho o irrupt rinij niii'bt hreak
Jiiwn in certain stork speculations, and
po-ihly c irry dow:i in the fall one or two
b ;nk-.
i'.'ari w;!ro l.in dissipated and
conn 'enco was returning in financial
circle, when busimva aff tirs were Hifin
sb ikf n t their err. t re by the occnrrcTi.-v
of ono of the gre itci-t cabiroitirs that h.n
cv r befallen a r-ommnniry. "Within the
-b rt. sp ice of two days, or.o half of the
city of Cf.ica-.n W is l ii in ashts, 1 v is
titinjftbo wholo bu,-ini-ss portion of the
ci'y. If is early yet prrhaps to e-tim-itu
the money valii" of tlm property d-v-trny-ed,
f.-r the difficulty in e-tinntiiii,' the
1 in nri-a'S from it:? i:r.tn"U.i( y. It
r nimbly e-tii:intial nttwo l.tin lrt-d mil
lion (M!ar-i. Yef, p's-ibly this m iv
prove to be inm-h within th tru'h. Thr
itiHiir .uk'i'h h ivi' 1) f-n m id- chii fly with
r ompani.'H in N.-w York, l'h il id 1 .hi
N".-W Enla"'1, S im I'Va-n i-: o and L -lo7i.
and t'ortunu'ely wi'h f.-w x'-rptioi-.s. th
C.anp 'liii'- will h1 ttblo to pay all cluim
:i:,il ycT retain MifTinif nt a-setn to s ivo ti,i
R..p,.,.ity of o-illit'jr upon the stockholder.
n fo'' wlii. h (.pt-nk.- will for the cmdi'io.a
f A root iean imur nee in tercet.--, the t s
1 rwjs i'ti" wbieh, for its severity, may tm'
njua'td for n t u rie-J, a!i,l which
hi'herto ha. loid no pirall.'l.
Th t 'l ft of this event up Oi the ri'ie
and 'he;r r.iot.ey oiaris, 8te and Wall
,.tret t ir,tf re-ti has j roved f-i-;i-t.'oa-i
From the e rn'oned t'aiwe-. mentioned the
matliet-. wi-re in it veiy no fa vol ..Me ron
di'ion 'or c ivir f i-i eh e rl tn-k. Whi.-h
f0- has n i d r.'.f e o.tr-.hott d to inaKC
tho le-ulr more .,.ri u- thin it would
Otherwise hive hein. l':ir (Mine an to
Jetiiiite dr id ot tho dimt-tpr np.iu the
mere m'ila interests i f tho great cities,
'ijioti the riilr.5ads, ir.-uranc-' ea mpuiies
an l i he hunks. The n -tilt h as been
."in ral realiioir uj o.'. st' cks. With the
weakness ,.f 4 kJ, tho 'b-ar" (b rr.ettt in
p "'nl it hn souht to ii.erease th. appre
hension 1 y rireuUtinsr rumors of i;ti;a-inl-irif
f .ilure.s umor.tt the heavy spoeul iHirs.
the b inks and fittaneinl in-tiMitions, and
by rat r fear- of a riot am-ntf the unpaid
laborer- of the city of New Yolk. In con-sequet:c-
of this t-tate f things tb.t-re was
a gem r.l hs of co: fideiie-., ell ht irur de
moral zed ly fear that some untoward
cirr.um-tat.ee itiibt thn.w the u-mk-t in
t i the wcost forms of panic. None cared
to buy Rial tew dared to sell. J to r'? is
bowevi r a 1 tter fet 'inir end p.r'iil re
covery fro-n this p'l ic in the d ies, yet it
has been the n-verest stock pu,i; txperi-ene-d
for year-, but the failures huve
been confined to three or four small stork
firm'.
In this condition of the markets, ex
treme caution hss been shown in lending
upon stocks and bn k' rs have had to pay
ia many instances one p r cent, a day in
addition to the legal rate of interest. Sec
retary lout will has shown a very com
mendable regard for the financial situa
tion by buying two millions of bondi io
excess of the rejjul ti amount aud selling
one million less, gold, with the rtsult of
placiiu; on the rn.rket about three mil
lions more currency than would havo re
sulted from following bis advertise.! pro
gramme. From the present aspect it is
probable that after the subsidence of the
panic the money market will settle into a
steady condition at about the legal rate
of interest. The bank statements have
cot lei n very unfavorable, and the low
Friee of fecurities bus induced large pur-cha-rs.
It should bo borne in mind, abo,
that the larga indebtedness of the West
in Eastern cities will prevent the large
balances held f re m being withdrawn as
N usual in tho fall months.
A large amount of govcrtment s'tari
ties wi 1 doubtless have to be marketed
by the insurance compeniis to provide for
paying their les-os, and the anticij at. ion
of these Kales have depressed govtr; tnent
securities. Geld has leen fitful under
the events of the past two weeks, I ut is
row firm. The condition of the money
market has been unfavorable fir the
operation of cl ques in controlling the
market, Mid undoiibtidly some consiler
able amounts of fpecnlative gold h tve
b.ei, re.ilze,; 1)( AT.r the 25 r
the mouth, wb-n the Tre. ,-ury begins the
payment of the inter, st on the puVl-e
debt, duo Novemhrr i.f main
motive to the operations of cliipue
will bo i neutralized by an hbuudnco of
gold, atid tho nrtifuiil Miruulns bfi:n
i'hdntwn and it is believed that if no new
elements come iu to ii.fl iet.ee the rntrket
in a c ir.trarr direction, the premium ot.
Kohl may reasonably he expected to
gradunl'y re let.
ANTI Gk.KM AN, It is rather oi-rourag-ing
tn read tbst i-ome three buuriro-d
Umusan 1 names have been obtainel for
he anti-Gtjrman League in France. E-ceh
'Kner p e'lge h m-elf not to employ any
Germans, n n to buy anything from an
Oerna.na and 'o c'o all be can to lessen the
iufiueaga oi Gernaay.
The Crops in Ireland. The news
received from Ireland, regarding tho con
dition of the crops ia that unfortunate
country, ia not at all encouraging. The
prospects are gloomy enough to justify
the anticipation that the poorer classes,
especially those in the country districts,
will suffer severely during the coming
winter. The yield of the wheat, oats and
barley crops has decreased, and compari
son with that of last year shows that the
diminution will be considerably lower
than what was expected. The turnip
crop has also f .tllen off. To swell, as it
were, the miseries of the Irish tenant far
mer, to add to his misfortunes and render
his difficulties more perplexing, the po
tato blixht has again visited his fields.
In the South it is estimated that one
third of the yield will prove had, while
iu other part it is reported from one-half
t o two-thirds of the present crop will turn
out unsound. This is a melancholy re
cord, and may be productive of new
troubles among tho poorer classes. A
plentiful harvest brings peace and happi
ness to tho otter's home, but with short
yields and diseased crops discontent and
disturbances are likely to follow.
Ax Attfmpi' to Burn Sax Fran
cisco. An attempt ingeniously devised
to de-troy the city was detected in time
and completely baffled on Friday evening
last. A block thickly covered with frame
buil'.intrs were fird in five different
pl iers, and but for the seasonable dis
covery of the diabolical work half the
city might Juvo been consumed, for San
Francisco is peculiarly subject to high
winds And hre the suspicion is again
stia-sted th.it inc.t nli.trism is probably
at tin-bat'; ia of mtny of these Western
fires, and that the villains concerned, in
tent upon plunder, have been incited into
t' esq atrocious experiments by the terri
ble teachings of tho Paris Commuun. In
this view of the subject we hope that the
investigation into this Sin Francisco af
fair will be pushed to a complete ex
posure of th" plot and all the pirti-s con
cerned in it.
Chicago Aid Society. The Chicago
Relief and Aid Society, which has a cor
porate charter, announce that they will
take charge of the distribution of tha re
lief contribute for the sufferers. It is
d asirable that al! contributions, especially
those in money, should, so far as practica
ble, come through ouo channel. Contri
butions of articles should ba accompanied
in all cases with it list of articles contained
ia each package or case in the inside, aud
if convenient on the outside of the cover.
The committee prefer that the contribu
tions in money should be retained until
called for by them, holding them subject
to their order.
Alaska. Although the settlement oi
Ab.sk i proceeds slowly, yet we may infer
that it is progres-inur steadily and surely,
t itiee we are informed that on the island
of Ui.alaska there are already nine com
mercial and business honses. This island
i the headquarters for all the fishing and
whaling expeditions bound for Tlover
P.iy, Bristol Bay, Behring Sea and the
Ar tie Ocean, us vessels can be there re
ntted, obtain supplies, and procure excel
lent fresh water in abundance. In fur
ther tefuta'ion of the unfencded impres
sion that Alaska is ii b'tterly cold region,
we beiui that the ice crop of the past sea
l-on was t xtrni.ely meagre, s.nd not suf
1 fieient to meet the wants of the Tacific
Oo i-.
i
I i..n ri nci:d to i;k )H,n; At a term
of tba Supreme Court and Oyer and ler
mioer. bel l at Eliz ibetbtoivn, in E-sex
county, N. Y Ron. A. B. James, Justice
presiding, commencing on Tuesday cf last
week, Serapbin Cr.-vicr was tried for the
murder of lb s s Lmdry, at Keeseville,
in April bt-t, and wis convicted Friday.
The Court sentenced Crevier to be hung
on the lo b day of Pe-ember next. Cre
vier is s iid to t e a quiet orderly young
man, when sober, and the comrciii-s:on of
the crime, for wl ieh le forfeits l is life
was undoubtedly c ausad by liquor.
Almost Inckkdiiu.k. The following
aim '-t iucrediMo sa'cment we tako from
a lett'-r of a CMe.ijjo correspondent On
0 atari. stree t, a b ihy t Il months old wns
thrown from a feu; th-.tnry window and
Ciii'ht in a blanket by men congregatud
b low. It st irted he id do wn war J s, 1 ike
San IV.tch io bis I s1 bap, but gradually
gained the perpendicular, and alighted on
its Jeo. bke an athlete. The infant W is
somevvh it worried for breath at first, and
couldn't scream worth a cut in its new
woollen cr.db', but it gr id ually recovered
equilihriinn, and in five miautrs was ser
enely mi kinsi its thumb.
LiUKltlA. A revolu'im bus been at
tempted in the African republic of Li
beria. Up to our last advices only one
man Ins been killed, but every mm Wis
ready for bu-ines. Tho difficulty appears
to be that the President was elected two
years su for foar years, but since then
the Congress h is limited the presidential
term to two years, and Mr. Iioyce refuses
to re-igr.
Sad Case of Drowning. The old
habitues of the Adirondack will learn
with rearet of tho accidental death of Capt.
William Graves, who kept the hotel on
"Big Tuppcr'a Lako." Capt. Graves had
shot a deer while in his boat, and was
driving the animal to the shore, when she
got under the boat and upset it. Ctpt. G's
hounds immediately got upon his back
and so worried him that his strength
gave out when within about a rod of the
-bore where bis little SDn was awaiting
him. Capt. G. bade him "good-bye" and
seut a loving menage to his wife, and
sank not to risJ Hgain.
Lumbsp. for CuiCAOO. Senator Ferry
of Michigan, who is at the head of a great
lumber firm, has o fixed it that 50,000,
000 feet of lumber will be sold to Chicigo
at once at regular rates, and great is the
disappointment of the lumbar men whose
tork -e- o o ''o fire. The great loss I
j pr. to nd. d t y the suspension of the
forwarding trade will not be so much as
was at first supposed.
A Humrcg Quieted. A final quietus
has been put on the monstrous Magdalena
Bty colonization humbug by a decree of
the Mexic-tn Government which closes
that famous port as a port of entry. The
mangers of this scheme fought hard for
recognition, but "the inexorable logic of
facts" was against them from the first.
Tiikeatened Defeat. The World
says: "Diviions among our friends in
Brooklyn and Kings county threaten to
defeat Democratic candidates for the Sen
ate and Assembly, and to throw impor
tant local ofiicea into the hands cf the
radicals."
No. l.i
AVUat a merchant Saw of Europe.
The following letter.and those intended
to sacceed it ia the HERALD.are compos
ed of extracts from notes which the writer
sent home for the edification of his family
and friends, while he revelled in the
scenes of which they treat. He has only
been induced to give them to the pres?,
with the hope they might do further ser
vice to entertain those of his acquaint
ances who have not seen them. They
will be found incomplete and imperfect,
and the author of them begs greatest leni
ency from the public. In referring to
national peculiarities, their manners and
customs, social and religious life, he will
doubtless encounter the prejudices of a
class, but he hopes not to incur malignity.
He will copy from his notes in the hold
unreserved manner with which he noted in
a private journal, facts, fancies and im
pressions at the time of writing them in
foreign lands. Alone responsible for what
they contain.those so persevering as to fol
low him through his wanderings will, he
trusts, hear with his foibles a8 become
magnanimous readers. J. n. D.
AT Sea, Sunday, Feb. 19, 1871,
234 Miles East of Sandy Hook.
Dear Ones at Home. You will all
remember bow inauspicionsly the eight
eenth day of February, 1871, dawned
upon us. Its lowering skies, and their
spitting snow, hurled at the mercy of a
tempestuous wind. Truly 'twas a day
calculated to call farth lateut fear of the
sea, and to conjure misgivings of our pur
pose to set sail from native shores. Those
of you who gathered at Pier 47, North
River, end with me aud my boon com
panions, (William and Willie,) boarded
the leviathan ship Italy, will remember
bow with hearts strong in the strength of
Him who command-.'d the Gallilean
wavs, we said Good-bye," at 4 1-2 P. M.
And don't you remember of ihe fog-lifting
harbinger of a bon voyage," and a
r tdien'ly purpling sun as our -captain
walk -d his bridge and gave the signal
whi -h set tin', engines working, gliding
us from out the dock.
"You" may havo f rgotteu it "I can
not" bow, with tear-coursed cheeks, I
cried with feeble voice, Good-bye,5 N.,"
"Good-bye, II.," "Good-bye, all." And
then we stood out mid stream and dreami
ly floated past the Battery. Behind the
wheelhouse, with waving kerchief, far as
I could distinguish you, my heart went
out in yearning response to yonrs, whiah
I know bade me God speed," all the
while. Thoe beautiful lines of Tom
Moore's "Onward" were repltt) with
meaning to our trio
"As s'ow our ship her foaming trick
Against the wind was cleaving,
Eer trembline pennant Btill looktd back
To that dear Isle 'twas leaving.
So lo'h we part fr 'in all we love,
From all the links that bin1 us
So turn our hearts where'er we rove
To those we've left behind us."
Near the Quarantine we passed the
Bremen ship Hermann, also bound for sea,
and at Sandy Hook we had the first taste
of excitement. You are aware that the
insurance companies require an additional
pilot at the wheel until out of the bay
and safely at sea. Pilot boat No. 20 sent
us a row boat with two men (adepts at the
art.) to take the additional pilut from us
The waves were angry and beat the little
skiff against the crpper plating of our
ship as a thoughtless child m'ght threat
en destruction to some valuable, fragile
plaything. The pilot swung down a rope
from the ship's side, dinging for dear life.
A huge breaker ouco enveloped him, and
caused my heart to pit-pat" with anx
iety out he knew the favorable instant
to let go bis bold and drop into the toss
ing boat. I cried to him "Good-bye!'
and this was the last to America.
Our inexperienced trio, following Mrs.
Stowe's advice, found the warm fide of
the smoko stack, and then commenced
mutual congratulations that we were
safely cff. speeding rapidly, and that, too,
iu a disquiet sea with nostnse of sea sick
ness. Frankly speaking, I had begun to
question whether after all sea sickness was
not much a -'bugbear," and more than
aught else an tffimate surre nder to imagi
nation. Suddenly without preroouition
dizziness ran from my bead to stomach,
and little disposed to j?st, I turned to my
companions and said, "it's coming." My
jiidjjment for once was faultless, "it did
come." All that nice dinner mother pre
p .r.d us souvenir reminder of ray depar
ture, to daylight once more and then to
tho mermaids down below. William
looked white about the gills, suddenly
grew seriou-". The desperate determina
tion of his nature found more than its
match, and (indistinctly I remember it, for
I wa pressed with business) be yielded
inch by inch until the retching camp,
when be too, at double quick, staggered
to the guards and paid bountiful tribute
to old "Neptune." Willie laughed,
which was one among tha most perplex
ing occurrence I expect to experience.,
To our staterooms and to our beds, boots,
coats and all. If any of yon have the
dignified bearing of an undue conceit,
cotce to sea and witness the vileness of
your human stomach. "Rocked in the
cradle of the deep" what beautiful santi
inent it was 1 bow "disgust" overwhelms
it now Willi im groaned all night and I
chorded to bis requiem I should call the
strain "passing away." You remember
the bottles filled with choice cider we car
ried to onr staterooms and hid under the
bunks. You have not forgotten what a
picture of comfort that stateroom was,
how 'twas the soul of quiet when we left
the dock. Last night pandemonium chose
it for an abiding place. Cider bottles
rolling about the floor, popping and break
iog, our baggage on the rampage, wildly
rolling at each rock of our cradle. Broken
tumblers, a soaked carpet. Groanings
and retohings in adjoining staterooms und
darkness pervading all. Was it possible
that this was the same Italy of whom
Byron might have spoken. "Oh glorious
ly upon the deep the gallant vessel rides,
and she ii mistress of the winds end
mistress of the tides." Morning came
at last, and this has been the most
devotionless Sunday of our lives. I
crept to the meals and left it hurriedly.
Then we forced ourselves upon deck, and
to-night I am quite recovered.
Monday 20th. We are 514 miles from
youat noon to-day. Passengers are re
covering and pouring from their state
rooms. The ship Hermann is twelve
miles east ofus. In the smoking
room to-night met a number of
jolly fellows and among them Mr. Os
canysn, the Turkish Consul resident in
New Yerk. Among our number is s
gruff Irish cynic, wbo thinks the Missis
sippi river greatly overrated and its banks
mud hil's. Also a Canadian, who argues
the sun a ball of ice, end a pleasant Eng
lishman, who came from Mobile Ala., and
tells questionable alligator stories. At
9 p.m., by Greek fire and sky-rockets, we
signal a ship, presumed to be the Cuba of
the Cunard line bound for New York,
Yon will thns probably hear of us safely at
sea about 625 miles out.
Iue8day, Feb. 21;. The sea has tamed
down and is placid as a lake, quite all of
our passengers are on deck, and with all
sails filled by the breeze, like a monster
winged bird the Italy skips along right
merrily. The Hermann, about 25 miles
to our north, is a mere speck on the bori
zon. At noou to-day we are 811 miles
from you.
Wednesday, Feb. 22ei. Washington's
birthday on an English ship, and in a
rough sea, will permit of little jollifica
tion. We are crowding on at 13 knots an
hour, and at times the sea running over
our deck forward of the cabin. The
waters azonizine his? and foam, as if
vexed und pained that it is no easy mat
ter to wreck us. The hoarse orders of the
mates and boatswains' shrill whistle, tell
us that trusty English sailors have ns in
charge, and away up through the rain
and the mist I see drenched siilors in the
shrouds tying and untying the maze of
cordage, bidding defiance to the storm,
seventy feet above deck, they charge the
siil to catch a furious fickle mind. We
are 1068 miles from Sandy Hook at noon
to-day.
Thvnday, Feb. 237. Wind to the
northwest and a tamed sea. 1341 miles
out.
Friday, Ftb. 2i(7i. We are now over
half way acrofs the great sea and grati
fied to road on our slate in the nper cabin
1.G05 miles from Sandy Hook. The days
drag away with some monotony and were
it not for chess and checkers, and the dis
cussions of the upper cabiD, t'would be
tedious indeed.
Saturday, Ftb. 2ol7c The past twenty,
four hours will be chiefly memorable for
an unusual run, having made 320 milep,
and concluded 1,931 miles.
Sunday, Ftb. 26t7i. A heavy sea under
clear skies. A few passengers were on
deck sunning themselves succeeding
luncbeou. One i f the number, a "Miss
Nancy" chap, who wakes the ship with
his singing. They were a happy group
until a monster wave paid the deck a
visit, acd washed our songster thorough
ly; others of the roup to effect a speedy
escape came headlong into the cabin, fall
ing one upon the other. I am pleased te
note that while there are no religions
services on the ship, that the majority of
onr passengers have their bibles in hand,
while the sune time, I am sure, that in
America and England to-day there are
prayers being eifivred to the Lord of hosts
for the safety of our ship. The antics of
sixteen sailors on the yard arms to-3ay
reminded me of ,-quirrels among the oaks.
I canuot de-cribe the song they sing when
hoisting sail, it is peculiarly "Jack Tar's"
aud is to be hoped may never have a Shoo
fly" contagion about it. Our waiter,
George, is a par-igon. The Englishmen
aboard tell us we shall fir.d England full
of such, upsn which I soliloquise. How
remarkable that none come to America
save as attaches of her Majesty's ships.
Our log says 2,18S miles to-day. The
rouah sea is sending p issonge-rs to their
bonks asrain.
Monday. Fit). 2:h. Last night with
Willie, was on deck for several hours.
The sky (save a stray host of milky clouds
to the north west) was star-lit to perfec
tion. The strong i-outhern breeza wafting
from sunny lands of the distant zone was
remarkably balmy while over an innu
merable host of white cupped breakers,
the dreamy light of a new moon gave a
soft rich lustre to the wide world of water,
the like of which I never saw on land,
lake or river. In fact the early days of
romance and of sentiment seerood sending
to me fortrotten storie, fancifully charm
ed. Indeed such a scene was it that one
might imagine Neptune with bia trident.
I wish that you might have stood with
me on deck this morning to see a rainbow
of promise, I could then the more have
enjoyed a suht I have often thought
would be peculiarly beautiful. The pro
mise of God comes home to the heart
with double impress when one has been
at sea nine days, and has en inexpressible
longing to rest bis eyes upon
something common to land. As
Willie e-xpresses it O, for a
square inch of s-lid dirt." With favor
able winds we shall hear tho glid shout
"Lnd O ho" before snnsot to-morrow.
Our log to-day reads 2.4S7 miles out. A
terriffij breaker came over tho life-boat
to-day, which is five feet above deck, and
not breaking until it bad struck one of
our passengers, dashing bira against the
capstan, so injuring bis leg that the sur
geon fears it may be weeks before he can
walk. An "old "Tar" his just told me
that they have fathomed and failed to
reach bottom at this point, but so far as
could be determined the distance from
surface to bottom is over three miles.
luesday, February 28. This is a misty
morning, and we are straining our eyes
for the pride of a first peep at land. At
a quarter to twelve o'clock the mate from
bis post cries "Land in sight A thrill
runs over our nerves, we strain our eyes
toward the east, and there, mist mantled,
is the dim outline of Fastnet rock. If
all goes well, the tongne of lightning
will speak under the broad ocean to-night,
and in to-morrow's newspapers you will
be surprised and rejoiced to read that the
Italy has been spoken at Queenstown af
ter a speedy passage, for the season, ten
days from New York. Boom goes a
twelve-pounder cannon from the deck of
the Italy, and ur ears are eager for some
answering signal of recognition, but none
is heard, and on we go, new passing a
tremendous rock upon the crest of which
stands a castle of an old Irish Baron, and
which withstood the united attack of the
Kings of Monster. We presume our
rockets to have been saen at Queenstown,
and "thug goes the screw again.
Wednesday, March 1. Our first im
pulse this morning was to peer through
the port-bole to find a cleir sky.aud no
land in siaht. We are now in the Irish
channel which is here 150. miles wide.
As lunch hour approaches we look for the
first time upon the church dotted hills
and vales of Wales, the charmed land of
the "Druids of Eld."
We have many jokes among onr pas
sengers, who constitute a singular admix
ture of the races. A live Turk. A pure
son of Hibernia. A quick witted sturdy
young Scotchman. A pnre German from
Hamburg. A provincial Canadian. A
Minnesotian of rare composition. Eng
lishmen of local differences and diverse
political tenets. ''How many pounds to
a bushel of clover seed asks Hamburg.
"How maEy pounds of soap to a clean
voyagerr" responds William. "Minneso
ta" engages "John Bull" in a lively tirade
concerning national characteristics.
"Ball" suggests the universal dominion
of the British Lion. "Lion pshaw I an
Elephant, and left your trnnk in New
York to settle your board bill." "By jin
go that's good" says Turk. An old lady
rather difficult of sight, to-day expresses
the opinion that William and Willie are
twin brothers, and I their father. A
good joke is that, and the boys call me
"Dad," while I look gravely paternal at
my twins.
We now steam up the river Mersey,
and are fast drawing to completion the
3150 miles. We see vessels of many na
tions, which with England's great mer
chant marine, make Liverpool the great
est commercial entrepot of the world. Al
six p. m. we anchor in the stream, quite
as wide as the North river, a tng comes
alongside, and passi-riers and baggage
leave the Italy with three cheers. Glad
as we are to get. ashore, we fed that that
noble ship has afforded "tho bit s of the
wine at the first of the feast." Our Min
nesota friend is brimming over with his
jokes, and s me of them are quite point
ed at. "BullV eccentricities. As he went
aboard the tender from the ship, he caus
ed an uproar by a long drawn nasal toned
remark, "That craft looks like one of our
Mississippi punJcin scows." Turk laugh
ed loud and long, concluding as usual,
"By jingo that's gvod." A gruff looking
Customhouse officer, (English all over,)
with chalk in hand, comes up to Minneso
ta's carpet bag, "What have you there
asks officer. Minnesota takes his meas
ure at a hurried glance, and responds,
"Two live Chinamen." Officer, a picture
of disgust, asks, "Any tobacco?" "Xo,
have you?" "Yes," says offloer. "Give
ns a chaw won't you." Exit fffi:er. At
once we repair to the Alexandra Hotel,
on Dale street, and fruitlessly search for
an oyster saloon. Plenty of chop, howev
er, but no oysters. A policeman with hel
met hat directs na where oysters maybe
had we sit down for a seore of the pig
mies, for such of size they are, and raw
Oyster stao is a thing unknown. We
pity the English, who have no Fulton
market saddle rocks, but congratulate
them upon rare mutton ar.d roast beef.
And finally, weary enough, seek an Eng
lish bad and are lost to the world.
Kansas and Way Stations.
St. Louis, Mo., Ojt. 1.
Editor Ruibind Tlerald: We left Cin
cinnati on the express train, over the Ohio
and Mississippi R. R and although this
is the shortest route, we shall not recom
mend it to your readers as the most com
fortable, but perhapa we "saw it de.rkly
under a cloud," perhaps there is some
times a chance to get a berth in the sleep
ing car, perhaps there are times when
less than six'een (actual fat) infants are
congregated in the same car, and it is pos
sible that the conductor and brakemen are
sometimes accommodating if such times
do exixt, we can only regret our misfor
tune in not happening on thm. Two or
three of ns got together and attempt to
philosophise, and repeat all the old "saws"
that we know abmt ,vhat can't be cured,"
etc., etc., but after an hour or two that
gets tiresome and our spin's sink when
we look forward to threo hundred and
forty miles cf it.
There is nothing iu the scenery to in
terest the traveler; for a long distance the
road traverses tho bottom lands, which
have a bfavy dry soil, which seems espe
cially adapted, and extensively used for
the resting place of loys. We see m.ny
of the oldest and most primitive style of
log cabin-t built of logs and clay, but all
iooks oiu, uirry ana dilapidated. me
people po-m to be fir below the average
Americsn c itizen, iu cdueation, appear
ance and habit, having posibly imbibed
a portion of their nature's from the hogs
they are constantly surrounded with. It
was in this section that we once stopped
over a day at the leading hotd of a prom
iment town bt cf was unknown eyis
"sku.-se and they had svld all the po-k,
so wo had catfish and coffee f .r breakfas,
cold beans and custard tic f r dinner we
went without supper, and traveled on.
This was in the "d irk land of Evypt,"
and one could hardly rralizo that in the
simo State, within a few hours' travel,
are some of the best hotels in the country,
(we refer to Chicago).
One of the leading crops of this section
is the cabbage It is almost a failure this
season, which will bring exceeding grief
to the German citizens of Cincinnati and
St. Louis. We are glad to say that but
ter things are in store for Eypt shrewd
men of capital have seen tho opportunity
to make money, and several new lines of
railroad are being built, the railroads
get liberal land grants frcm the towns,
and these lands when cleared aro some of
the richest in the country, and for fruit,
they are said to be superior to all thus far
opened.
As we near St. Louis, we hear from
under the cloud of smoke overhanging it
the discordant shrieks from whistles of the
steamers and ferry boats on the river,
they aro pertain- i-id piercing in their
sound, ai d ueitin: nearer our first im
pr.ash u i.i M. Loon is that the people
theio .care nioro fur money than good
looks, in other word-1, it looks lika a very
busy but dirty place. G.
Tragical Incidkxt. As further and
more authoritative particular reach us
in regard to the tniry tragical incidtnts
connected with the L s'rtii tion of Chie
go, we see meas! anc more iosn hy
hearts should bleed und poekes open.
Some incredulity his alrealy bctu ex
pressed with respect to 1 ho rumored
birth of five hundred children on the
pr irio around Chicago and in the streets
of that city during Monday and Tuesday
nights of last week. The latest informa
tion that has been received, however, fur
nishes reasons for believing that that ru
mor represented a literal truth. The
Chicago Tribune of Saturday declares
that a physician, whose word is to be un
questionably accepted, etates that five
hundred children were born on the j rairie
and in the streets upon the dates above
specified. As we havo before earnestly
pleaded, this is the time for action, not
mere sentiment. Tho more the heart
bleeds, tho mere the people ought to open
their pockets.
The Bonapaktes and the French.
The ex-Emperor Napoleon declares hi
belief that the government of the French
republic is weak and "inadequate to the
wants of the country." Prince Napoleon
traveling to Marseilles ran in danger of
being made prisoner by the French peo
ple at Valence. He was forced to show
bis safe conduct pass from the Thiers
Cabinet, and was subsequently hissed
from the town. This was certainly a
pretty strong action, and if the republio
of France truly represents the people of
the country it should not lack tone and
force, aa the ex-ruler alleges it does.
Chester.
Q. D. Gowina-, foreman of section No.
25, RutlandJR. R.f under the old regime,
is now in the employ of a party of civil
engineers, who are making a preliminary
survey of a railroad that is to be built
between Prescott and Stillwater, Wis.
The headquarters of the party is at River
Falls, in the same State.
The entertainment given by the
ladies of St. Luke's Parish at the Iogra
bam House Hall, on last Wednesdry even
ing, deserves more than a passing notice,
inasmuch as it was so well managed and
complete in all its appointments and
efforts to gratify and please its patrons.
Of the provisions and dainties furnished
for the tables, I will only stop to say that
they were as abundant and nice as an
t-'picure could have reasonably asked. Of
the needle-work I wish to speak specially
oommeudatory, ns embracing only articles
of utility, of intrinsic value, 'and the ab
sence of gew-iraws and tom-fooleries.
This speaks well for the good sense and
judgment of tho ladies who had the mat
ter in charge.
The gallery of "Fine Arts," in charge
of Mrs. C. M. Maxfield and Miss Julia
Classe, proved conclusively that these
ladies pnsspss artis'ic talent of no mean
order. The collection afforded not a lit
tle merriment and amusement, and yield
ed a fair sum for the treasury of the So
ciety. Wo cannot refuse to nama a few
of the representations, "Grant's most inti
mate friends," were represented by a
tumbler of cigars. "Domes'ic Songster,-'
old-fashioned tsa-kettle. "The lay of the
last minstrels," a small basket with eggs
in it. "Skipper's Home," a piece cf lively
cheese. "We part to me :t again," a pair
of open shears. We never knew before
that we bad so many "the most promi
nent person in town" till we saw their
faces reflected in the mirror of the Art
Gallery. The lirger number possessing an
innate modesty, we forbear giving names.
Miss Emma Brown was the fortunate
fortunate bolder of the ticket that drew
the silver service of six piecas, and our
friend Mead drew the valuable pin
cushion, but possessinz conscientious scru
ples, neglected to take it. The sum of
?165 was realized from the entertainment,
which amount goes into the accumulating
fund for the payment of the new organ
which now graces the beautiful church of
the Episcopal society.
A tf rrible war of words is now raging
in town among "ye knights of ye pencil,"
and the cjusstion uppermost in the
minds i the readers of the various pipers
to which these scribblers contribute their
"tffusione st" efforts is, where do these
journalists bury their dead We should
judgj by the remarks made by an ex
correspondent of the HERALD, who has
recently retired on the laurels which he
wrested from newspiperdom, that a san
guinary battle bad been fought, and the
field left covered with the dead bodies of
newspaper correspondents. Possibly, the
person making said remarks may find
befor be is wdl out of tho fray that he
has to deal with the liveliest dead
body be ever saw.
One evening last week, as your cor
respondent was iu search of items for the
IlKKAl.n, he witnessed a novel sight
novel at least to the inhabitants of this
staid, moral towu and wo never before
supposed that cipars and gentlemen's ap
parel, were usually considered accom
plishments when sperted and worn by
young laelies or that tba same 3dded to
female loveliness and refinement. It may
be sufficient p'lnishm ":;t totbosa ongaeed
io this hffiir, to know that they were rec
orniz"d, without th additional punish
ment of being pilloried in the newspapers.
The next time thes? persons appear on the
street in this rig, they had better secure
a poedle dog and a walking g'iok, and
then their outfit will he complete.
One of our noted fishtistg" has re
cently left the priza ring, atid naver more
shaM we pore upon the delicious jargon of
brc-nl ba-ke 's" and kissim: trsps," or
of th- '-lows which d raw supplies of claret
from the .-nieliing bottle, or raise a mouse
upon the larboird peeper.
Oa Tuesday N. A. Shedd e.nd his
daughter, Mrs. Geo. A. Hall and her
bile, Mere quite severely injured by
heir,;.' thrown from a waon in which
th.-v were tiling. The accidcr.'' whs
c, u-ed !y the Ircaking of a defective
axletri". The binriv wa a new one and
in u.-e for the first tim?, and was reduced
to a vulgar fraction in a very fiw mo
ments. Goinir down to Springfield, Mass., for
homo ru'ws, we find that "a Chester man
named Earle, who has two wives living
was arrested recently and has given
$3,(!00 bonds for bia appearance at court.
There is considerable local excitement
over the matter, and some threats of tar
and feathers.'' This item, which has been
floating around tho conntry for some
time, is incorrect as to the affiir having
occurred in this town Cavendish is the
town that should have the benefit of the
above paragraph.
Among the suffert rs of the Chicago
fire were Alfred and Frank Mason, eons
of Sanfrd Mason, of this town.
As sl.-ep is next door to death, it was
very proper for tho "Sleepy Hollow" cor
respondent of the Woodstock Age, to note
tn that paper the improvements which
have recently been made in the immedi
ate vicinity of the grave yard of said
Hollow.
The Social Assembly at the Ingra
bam House Hall Friday evening was a
pleasant nffiir. Tho Chester Quadrille
Band furnished excellent music, and all
went merry as a marriage bell.
On Friday a severe accident befell
Wellington," a lad eight years cf age,
son of Moses D w. who resides near
Sawyersvilla." While holding open a
pol" gate for a loaded team to pass
through, a gust of wind came with such
force as to blow the gate over on to him,
causing a compound fracture oi the fe
mur bone cf the left leg-, and a straight'
fracture of the femur bone of the right
leg. Drs. Craigne and Harrington were
son in attendance, and reset the broken
limbs. ViDEX,
TnE North Bennington Boot and
Shoe Company. We are" Informed by a
perfectly reliable authority that the state
ment that the North Bennington Boot
and Shoe Company had but $38,000 in
surance on its stock destroyed in tbe Chi
cago fire is quite erroneous. Our friend
says he was in Chicago at the time of fbi'
fire and saw the Company's list of poli
cies, which were thirty in number, most
ly in respectable Eastern Companies,
and amounted to $132,500. He adds
"The loss had not been exactly ascer
tained when I left Chicago, but was esti
mated ti be in the neighborhood of $140,
Pboctorsvixlk. On the night of the
16th inst, some State Prison birds (evi
dently two of them) stole a horse, harness
and buffilo robe from E, H. Atherton's
barn, abont a mile below Dattonsville,
and a wagon from Mr. L. Willard, his
neighbor, hitched them together and
drove them to this village, and out on the
road toward Chester. Called at the
slaughter house of E. D. Snell Co., and
stole three beef ekins,takenfrom the cattle
the day before, a lot of sheep pelts, and
went on their way leaving their tracks in
the sandy road. At an early hour Mason
A. Snell on going to the slaughter house
discovered the evidences of his loss, when
he and Mr. G. L. Cass started in pursuit.
Tracking the rascals through Chester,
they found at the town farm, in the north
western part of Rockingham, that the
thieves had left Atherton's horse, put his
harness upon a fresh burse belonging to a
man from Peru, who was staying in the
neighborhood that night, and had moved
on toward Bellows Falls. About five
o'clock in the morning, it is believed, the
rogues ran the toll bridge and landed in
New Hampshire. Since which, we learn,
no reliable trace of them has been found,
but it is now thought they turned up the
river toward Canada. Mr. Atherton,
thoneh recovering his horse loses bis har
ness and robe, Mr. Willard bis boggy
and Mr. Snell about ?40 in value of bides
and pelts.
Capt. Geo. B. French, clerk cf Wind
sor County Court, has returned from bis
wanderings in Utah and on the Pacific
coast, and is now on a vtsit to his father's
house here.
Capt. James Hall, at the age of 85
years, one of the first children who settled
in Cavendish, is still living on Twenty
Mile Stream, hale and hearty. We met j
him a few days since in our streets and
from a half hour's conversation learned
much of the early local history of tbej
tewn. Another of the "ancient and Ion-!
orables full of rich relics and interesting
memories of the past generation and
with whom it is a treat to have an hour's
chat, is found in the person of Samuel
Adams, Esq of Duttonsville, now in bis
83d year. Using neither tea, coffee or
tobacco, nor for 25 years a drop of intoxi
cating drinks, not even cider, one can
well understand the purity of the blood
which courses his veins. For some fifty
consecutive years Mr. Adams has been a
Jus'ice cf the Peace ia town, and has
tried more cases probably than any other
magistrate in this vicinity, unless, indeed
Josiah Gibson, E-q of this village may
have equaled him. Mr. Adann was a
soldier of the war of 1812, and h .s just
received his pension certificate. If we
remember right from a personal conversa
tion a few weeks ago, with Mr. A lum of
bis adventures on the Cinalwn frontier,
he served in the cavalry of thit d ay, and
our young men wonld do wdl to listen
and becd the good advice be fives them.
and whether on foot or horseb-.rk keep
sober, keep clean, keep decent, arid enjoy
good health.
We learn that tires are burning on
the Ludlow mountain, and that, several
hundred cords f wood, cut for railroad
market and belonging to F. Cbaflee, Esq.,
of Rutland, are consumed.
TnE Nortii CLATinNnos Ii?
At tbe reef-nt Sabbath S.-boo! Sta
ilOK.
e Con-
vention at Montp-lier, tbe rerort of the
proeredirjcs say Met-re. Nye and Mill
gave a thrilling account of what had been
accomplished by a bumble c.l.ri-tian in
Rutland, of quite moderate waLS and
resourcei", ns the worldjudgps. He bad
gone into a dfotitute pi rt of a neiVbhor
ine town (North Clarendon, we believe,)
where no church or reliji us privileges
existed, and in the faie f the fiercest op
position had succeeded in organizing a
flourishing Sunday tchool and churcb,
and had erected a fiao chapel, at the co-t
of $1,200. No eubrfcription had been
rained for the purpase. but fre will rff
injr-i W ft a debt of but GOO now remain
ing. All had been dmo in impl reli
ance upon tbe Lrd of tbe Vineyard.
A contrit u'ion of $42 in aid cf the ob
joct was made upon the epo, and Mr.
Nye made the bearer thereof
Vekgknnes. Mr. Jos. Jimo had the
fingers of hia right hand taken off jost
bolow tbe first joint, on Saturday lant, by
a bbiniile machine in J. N. Uawlpy e shop
The individual deposits in the N
tionl Bank of Vergenn3, amount to over
$00 000. Is leans and discounts are
$157,840.'
Mr. Geo. Rob?, of tbe firm of Strong
and Roaf, Verirennes, ha boucht the
nouo of Mr. D. W. Smart. Trice paid
$1,300.
Recent letters from Ho. F. E. Wood-
bridge and fmily, bring tbe tuttlhaenc
that their return home lti post
poned until Chrintmas.
Tho cider mill on tb Inland, ir-
,,t ar,v
Kenui'B, is uwu wuia, j
reasonable quantity of cidr.
Mr. C. B. Botsford has bointut ngbty
acres of tbe Geo. Skiff farm (formerly
Capt. R. W. ShermanV) a short jlistnnce
beyond tbe U. S. Aroenal.
Ludlow. A destructive fire was dis
covered on the mountains about Ludlow
on Sunday noon, and at last accounts bad
burned over a largo tract of land, includ
ing great quantities of wood. The origin
is unknown, and at the present writing is
still marching onward in its destructive
course.
L. II. Willard, a former resident of
Rutland, is doing a good business in the
manufacture of cider. He has facilities
for rolling out about thirty barrels per
day, and only charges f5.00 per barrel at
tbe mill. lie his also fitted np ma
chinery for sawing the celebrated Free
man Soap Stone, which is manufctnred
into stoves and various other household
uteneilp.
Incendiary Fires at Kceke J. H.
Tufts Co.'s earthenware manufactory
at Keene was totally destroyed, early Sun
day morning, by a Cre, supposed to be in
cendiary loss not less than f 4000 in
sured for 1000. On Sunday afternoon
another alarm was caused by tbe leaves
and'brush in a grove in the outskirts of.
the village taking fire, but the flames were
promptly subdued. On Monday, the
American House in the same place was
found to be on fire in an upper room, but
prompt discovery prevented much dam
age. The fire was burning in a bundle of
clothes in a closet, nd must have been in
cendiary. The furniture of the room and
some clothing were burned, besides which
there waa some damage by water. A dense
smoke prevailed all day Sunday in the vi
cinity of Keene, caused, it is supposedly
large fires in the Green mouctains.
UrtllrtnaU
OLD ESTABLISHED HOSPITAL
No, 5, Beaver Street, Albany, N. V.
DR. TKLLEii continue to be confidentially
and aucceaiif idly consulted on ail forms of private
diseaaea at hi old established Hospital. Na. i.
Beaver 8U, Albany, N. V. Treaty yean devoted
to this one particular branch of practiet-, enables
him to perform cures such as no other pbynaaa
can and his facilities are such, (being in corres
pondence with the moMt celebrated physicians of
the Old World) of obtaining the safest as well as
the latest remedi-s for these diseases, offertndnce
mente to the uHfnrtunats of a quick and rapid
cure to be obtained at no other place u America.
In sy philia, uurrbea, l-et,trtetnivd.enlmn(
meat of the tusticles and permatie eurds, bubo
ulcerated thruatt, sure throat, tender shin bones,
cutaneous eruptxms, bilea. ojcers, and all othrf
impurities of the system, rt- perfectly under con
trol i,t the Ductur'B medicmes, and have been
tested in more than 3e),OO0 eases annually with
nUDenie sucoea.
YOUNG BEN addicated to secret baMta, wfce
have impaired then health and destroyed ths
vior of their minds, thus depriving themselves of
the pleasure of taamnd I lie, ars notified that in
ounsuitiijg loi. J. Teller, tbey anil ttnd (nei-d to
console, and s pnymdan whti has cured ft o
sands in sliuost ewry part ot the Uniu4 itjie,
who applied tr. Dr. T. broken d in hriiU,
now rejoice in all that makes life deMrsb'e and
man happ. The reader is of worn aarU at
the delicacy of the ub;t-ot will prevent a more
minute description of this terrible diaease.
DR. TtXLKR'B ORJSAT WORK. A book fcr
everybody, rttartling disckaures. Dr. Teller's
great work for the married and thuee txntemplat
ing damage CO pagw? lull of plat ince 25
cent, tn-nt to a!! part, oiider seal, by mail post
paid. The single, married, and married tapiy.
A lecture on Love, or how to choose a partner
a complete work ou midwifery. Lteoutains huu
dreds of secrets oever before ratiluht-d War
ranted tu be worth three times the amount, aeked
fur it. Twenty-ilve cent in piatae stamps en
eloned, will secure a copy by return mail. Dr.
Teller baa devoted all hie time to the cure of
thoe disease or which hi htM.k treats.
OtEre hour troll, B A. M. to 3 P. M., and
on ountlj froiii 2 to t. M
N. 11, 1'exiwJii at a dirfuuiue can be oured at
boiiic. by addKHHinx a letter t' J. Teller, euclo
ilii; remittance. Jli.!cme securely packrd
tioiii otxervitnii., ent to any part of the world.
A ileaxer warranted. No charge tor adnee. Nt
nudfiitr. -r buys eiKpiuyed. Notice this addre&s
o V'vrn to
J. TELLER, M. D.,
No. 5, Beaver et., Alany, N. Y.
uiay iT.l&wtf.
SOU
UOLLaKS will bk
forleitea D; In. L. Dim H failing to
:uic ii. im time than any other physician, mole
sdectusUy and permanently, nU. leas revtraifct
froiu ocupaiioD or exposure to ali weather, with
pure aud plo.-tant uiediciuea.
SELF-AKUSfc. AND rtoUTABY HABITB,
Their eltecie ax.d ooiuw ueuxm
iPiUlAL AlLMKNTf AND S1TDATION
incident tu married and ik.-1 ladit
SKCaMH AND Dk-l-U'ATr. lUBOkDfc&B;
mercurial allectiona, eruption acd al) diseases ct
ihe akin, ulcers of the nose, '.hrcst and body
pimples on the face, swelling oi the jjints, cti
rouneas, constitutional and o -tier weaknesses ia
f outb and the more a4vauced, at all aires, of
ttOTH BKXB,tUNUK ott MAllBXEI).
DB. fTciX'S
FlilVATJK SatDiOAL oyFTCE,
11 Kmuioott btbjlit, JUostom, Mas. Q
o ar ra nged that patients never hear at
each o'.bex. Recollect, the ouly entrance to til
liiice ia .No. 21, having no connection with fcil
residence, consequently no family in-rruptlen,
so that on no account can ary person hesttata
clying at his oiHce.
DK. DIX tCs
D.;ldiy aa-rt!-, (and it cannot be eontra&ieted, ti
3pt hy quacks, who will say or do anything, even
penure themselves, to impose upon paUentc,(
list he
IB THS CULT BKGCLAB GZaCCATB TmiCUM
AD VCil TIM. Mi IB BOSTOR.
TWENTY YEA S3
sng.TgeJ in treatment of Special Diseases, a fet
4o well krmsT Uimany eitisene, paMn-kers, mer
chants, hotel i.r.pntorb, c, that he is much
recommended, and pa rticularly to
BT KAKOKKSAJND TKAVaXEES.
To avoid and escape imposition of foreign and
active .juaeke. nore numerous ia Boston toa
othn lave cities,
DB. DIX r-.TSi
prouill? rt fer fa pruiejtia aud refpectabie tBTS-
icins iiier.) cw wcusmmui nun in criu
est easve, because of bl acknowledged Skill and
reputation, attuned through so long eznerieaee,
practiet- and jlt'rvallon.
Af i Li ('I V 1 A N D UNFOKTUNATE,
be nut rothed, and add to yoor suSenngs in being
deceived by ;be lying txata, misrepresentations,
false cruniite ad pretensions cf
who know little ot the nature and character cf
riitaal DiBeanea. and lens as to their cure, bonis)
exhibit forced diplomas of institutions or eoUea;
which never emitted in any art of the wurld:
others ekhlbit diplomas ol the dead, bow obtained
unknown; not only unu lainr and advertuni f
in names of those inserted tn the diplomas, but te
Jurther tlieir imposition assume names of otbn
celebrated physicians long since dead. Keithex to
deceived by
ftUACK HOSIEra-MAXZEB,
through false certificates and references, and re
commendations of their medicines by the dead
who cannot expose or contradict them; or who,
besides, to further their imposition, copy frta
medical books much that is written of tbe quali
ties and ettects of dinVtect hero aid plants, acd
ascribe all the same to their pi lis, -atracts,! speciX
tca, e., most of whieh.it not all, contain mercury,
because ef the ancient beUef of its "curing every
thing," hat aor known to "kill more than IM
cured," and those not killed, csnstitoticnaily In
lured for life.
IfjtKOitAKCE O QUACK DOOTOK8 AND
NObTBUM-UAKEKB.
Through the lnitanoe of the Quack Doctor,
knowm no other remedy,be relies upon Mercery
slid rfives it to all hi patients in pilia, drops, arc.,
so the nostrum-maker, equally ignorant, adds to
tu. so-c&Ued extracts, speciec, antidete, Ac. both
relying upon its edectstn eurug a few in a bund,
red, it is trumpeted in various ways throughout
the land; but, alas! nothing is said of the sal
wee, some of whom die. other row worae, and
are left t linger or suffer for months or y-ars,un-Ui
relieved or curd, tf possible, by competent
pajsmana.
BUT Al.D UTJACK8 ABB t.'OT lONOBANT.
Notwithstanding -he fareyoiiig facts era
kacvn to sums quack doctors and sue
trum-makers, yet, reg.rd!et of the li'e
and health of others, there are those among thvsa
who will even perjure tfcemlve, contradicting
giving inercuiy to their paiinta, or that it is eon
tained in their nottmma, that the "usual fee"
may be obtained for prof-iewxlly curing, or tha
dollar," or "fraction of it," uy be obtained 'cl
theBOBtrum. It i thus that many are deceived,
aij, acd nseleaiily irpend large amounts for ezpet
Icier-te withqoackery.
DK. V. DIX'S
eti&rges are very ooderat. Commnnieatir CJ
acreri;v confidential, and all may rely on bun
ltb the strictest secresy and confidence, what-et-er
may be the disease, condition or situation iA
soy one, married or single.
Medicine sent by mail or ezpreui to all part of
the United Htates.
All letters requiring advice ciuft contain one
dollar to insure an answer.
Address Dr. L. Di, Mo. 22 nisott etnetj,
H-mtou, Mans.
Bi-ston. 171, febbdeudftwlyt.
PO Tllfc, L.ADIKS
The celebrated DB. I DIX particularly invitee
all ladier wbo need a medical or surfval advtaef
to cal'al cis rooms, il fciidirott street, Boston,
Mm wtjK 1. they will Cud arranged for then
special ai-ctminodation
DB. VIX havuu devoted over twenty year to
this particulrr branch of the treatment of all dls-
eiaea peculiar to femaleajr u now conceded by all
(o-.t. ia this country and in Buropej, that he ex
eel uX other known practitioners in tbe safe,
epeec? tad eHectual treatment oi ait lemma eor
plMn't.
liar mediuiass ate prepared with the ezpreae
purpose of renutfrmn all diseases, sncb as debility,
veakness, annatuil auppmannna, enlarirenwBte
of the womb, also all icbanree which flnwfrotn a
morbid state of the blood. Tbr Ooeter is now
fully prepared to treat in hu plia styla, both
medicaUy and satirically ali livut oi the female
sex, and they are nMpectfnliy invited to call at
No. SI KiicxiT STun, HosTon,
Ail tetter reqmrinp advice must contain one
d.nlur to imiure an sr-kwer. febSdsawAvlyt,
"ji, 171. I yr.
YyiiiTE-s
SPECIALTY
DYSPEPSIA.
7 his is not a nw preparation, to be tried ani
found wanting. It has ben t.recnte3 dail for
many) ear in the practice of an eminet physi
cian, with unparalleled enceess. It ia NOT ex
pected or intended to cure all the diseases te
which the human family is subject, bnt is War
ranted to Cure Tyipri in iti itoet obstinate
foim, relief twicg-always obtained from the 8rtt
ne, and a permanent cure eSected when properly
continued.
Eotaecfthe symptoms of Uj'P'T81 are Loss j
Of Appetite, Wind and liisngcf Food, Dryness
in the Mouth, Heartburn, Distention, of the
Btomach aLd Bowels, Costive Lees, Headache,
Dixiine, fcleepleness and Low Spirits; unlets
checked it surely affect s the mind ae wall as the
body and unfits one for the dutiei of lift ia a
short time.
Prepared only by
II. a. WHITE.
Tor Fale in Rutland, by T. C. Ltwil and Can
minge Wing.
PRICF, il.oo PE BCTrLE.1
aeitlldlwtwJmif