BELLOWS FALT-S, NOV. 1871.
Elections iu Massachusetts, New York
New Jersey, Wisconsin ami several other
btate next Tuesday.
Tha Judicial election in California
held ou tbe !8lh ult., resulted in a large
majority for the republicans.
Old Thtuiksgiviug is agaiu at hand.
The President has appoiuted Thursday
the 30lh of this month as a clay of Na
tional Thanksgiving, and the governors
of most of thebtates will doubtless name
the same day.
We give this week another chapter ol
the awful and sad story of the prairie
fires. The calamity, iu proportion to
population is much greater than that at
Chicago, and is not exceeded iu sadness
and horror in tue annals of tragic history-
The government has thus far done it
self much credit in its management o
a Hairs iu Utah. One of the elders hue
just beeu sentenced to a fine of $500 and
three years' imprisonment for bigamy,
and others are held and are to be tried
on a similar charge, and still others are
held iu arrest on charge of murder or
inching murder. The black spot in Utah
is at last to be wiped out, and the laws
no longer set at defiance.
National TliaiikKgiving:.
PROCLAMATION BY THE PRESIDl-NT,
The procession of the seasons hus
again enabled the husbandman to garner
the fruits of successful toil. Industry
has been generally well rewarded. We
are at peace with all nations, and trail
quility, with few exceptions, prevails at
home. Within the past year we have,
iu the main, been free from ills which
elsewhere have affected our kind. If some
of us have had calamities, there should
be an occasion of sympathy with the suf
ferers, of resigUHiion on their part to the
will of the Most High, and of rejoicing
to the many who have been more favor
ed. I, therefore, recommeud that on
THURSDAY, THE 30th DAY OF
NOVEMBER NEXT, the people meet
in their respective places of worship and
there make the usual acknowledgements
to Almighty God for the blessings He
has conferred upon them, for their mer
ciful exemption from evil, and invoke
His protection and kindness for their
less fortunate brethren whom, in Hit
wisdom, He has deemed it best to chas
tise. In witness whereof, I have hereunto set
my baud and caused the seal of the
United btates to be affixed. Done
at theci'yof Washington tbis 28th
day of October, in tbe year of Our
ijora one tbousand eight hundred
and seventy-oue, and of the inde
pendence of the United States the
ninety-sixth. U. S. Gkant,
By the President.
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
Origin of the Fire The storv
of
the origin of the Chicago fire, by the
kick ot a cow, is stoutly denied by th
owner of said cow. A reporter of Th
Chicago Journal has had the followin
conversation with Mrs. Leary in whose
stable the fire started
Reporter Are you the lady of the
house-?" Mrs. Leary "I am, Sir." R.
Do you own this place Airs. L. I
do." R. "Did the fire start in your
barn?" Mrs. L. "It did." R.-"What
was in it?" Mrs. L. "Five cows, a horse,
and about two tons of hay in the loft."
R. "Is your husband an express-man
Mrs. L. "Indade, he is not. We knock
ed our living out of these five blessed
cows, and I never had a cint from the
parish in all my life, and the dirty Times
had no business to say it, bad cess to it."
R- How about that kerosene lamp sto
ry 1" Mrs. L. There is not a word of
truth in the whole story. I always milk
ed my cows by daylight, and never had
a lamp of any kind or a can lie about
the barn. It must have been set afire.
Two neighbors at the far end of the al
ley saw a strange roan come up about 9
in tbe evening. He asked them was the
alley straight through. They told him
H was, and he went through. It was
not five roiuutes till they saw the barn
on fire. Before he had time to get out
the horse or any of the cows it was all
gone, and the fire was running in every
direction. The boys turned to and saved
the house. I hope to die if this isn't ev
ery word of it true. If you was a priet-t
I wouldn't tell it any different." All
further questioning was useless. The
woman had nothing more or different to
say upon the subject.
The following was found pinued to a
blauket sent to the Y. M. C. Association
rooms in Boston
l?Jr"'"r, perhaps that o'er thy form
Jbla blanket gray may keepUiee warm
By picket firm a friend to trie.
And nay it prove the aav to the.
It is a relic of the war.
And as I send it Westward far.
O. may yon find hyniaht or day.
A ood warm friend in blanket Cray."
Adyasce is Coffee. The recem
rise in the price cf cofiee is attracting
considerable attention in mercantile cir
cle as well as among housekeepers, who
are now compelled to pay from five to
six cents more per pound than was ask
ed a few weeks ago. Tbis sudden rise is
owing to a short crop in Java, Ceylon
and Brazil, the principal coffee produc
ing countries. The estimated deficit is
100,000 toot.
The lloi Tors of th Irulrie F'.res.
BCKNU OF HEART RLNDIN'U AOONV.
A correspen dent of the Net York Trib-
uue, lust week visited the Counties of the
late fire iu Wiecousin and writes what he
lias eeeii ou that terrible hold, and heard
from the survivors. We give a lew ex
tracts as follows
THE 8I.AUOIITEK AT PfcSIITKOO.
When the hapless dwellers in the re-
1 i. r
mote streets saw iiieinse.ives out on iroiu
the river, groups broke in all directions
iu a wild panic of flight uttd terror. A
few took refuge iu a cleared field border
ing on the town. Here flat upon the
ground, with faces pressed in the fund,
the helpless sufLrers lay and roasted.
But few survived the dreadful agony.
The next day revealed a picture exceed
ing in horror any battle-field. Mothers
with children bugged closely lav in
groups, the clothes burned off and the
poor flush seared lo a crijp. One moth
er, solicitous on'y for her babe, embalms
her unutterable love in the terrible pic
ture left on these woeful sands. AVith
her bare fingers she had scraped out a
pit, as the soldiers did before Petersburg,
aud pressing the little one into this, she
put her own body above it as a shield,
aud when tbe day-light came, both were
dead the little baby face unscarred, but
the mother burut almost to cinders.
After the buruiug heat of the night, a
uumb ng chill followed, and the water
soaked group crawled over dead bodies
aud hot sands to the only blaziug building
iu all the waste about them. Groups of
dead were found within a stone's tbraw
of the water. The ghastly throng hud
dled, shrieking and bewailing about the
flariug embers, aud the terrible roll of
tbe missing was soon called from end to
end of the abheu waste. Ou Sunday
night sometbiug over two thousand peo
ple were assembled within the confiues of
this industrious, prosperous city the
dreadful morning light came upon a
haggard, maniacal multitude of let-a
than seven hundred. As the molton
sands tooled off the woful work of rec
ognition began. Peering into blackened
faces, mothers, fathers, brothers trem
blingly sought out missing ones. Remote
dwellers on the highroads, warned of
the great danger, with their families safe
ly packed on their great farm-wagons,
made northward through the highways
for security; but the flames enguifed
them in the heart of the woods, and the
fragments of stout vehicles, burned to
the irons, now strew the road hither from
Marinette, the last town on the Northern
Wisconsin border. Among the pines
scores lay, not burnt, but .smothered to
death. Through this underbrush 30 bod
ies of men and children were picked up,
more or less injured by fire. In a great
many instances the human remains were
distinguished from animals by the teeth
alone. One horror-struck relative rec
ognized the relics of his nephew by a
pen-knife imbedded in an oblong mound
of ashes.
DEATH IN WELLS.
Above the uproar of the fire came the
paralyzing out-cry of the aged, infirm,
young, and helpless. To save his brood,
a frantic father took them to the well,
and hastily collected debris was hurried
down, and on those the mother and trem
bling little ones were placed. He stood
guard over his sorely beset treasures.
When the calm sun of the morning shone
down ou the waste of homes, his body
was found with the head hanging over
the well, where four little corpses min
gled their unsightly fragments with that
of a woman. Elsewhere a father, mad
deued with the burning breath of the
tempest, and evidently distrustful of es
cape, freed his little ones from trouble
by the sharp expedient of a knife. The
group, almost uuscurred, were found and
identified. Not a rod beyond, the wife
of this man lay stark, wiih a dead babe
snugly covered at her breast. The ma
nia for death was frightful. Men have
been found hanging in wells, with the
water-cbain fastened about their necks.
Theiucredibleingenuityof suicide would,
it seems certain, have in other channels
brought the victims out in safety. A
shallow stream ran through one of the
hamlets in tnis, 30 people were found,
with faces pressed rigidly into mud and
water. Even young girls, insane with
scorching torture, rushed to death in any
other form to escape the fire. A youth,
charged with the care of his employer's
wife and children, faithfully endeavor
ed to conduct them to safety. Seiziug a
child uuder each arm, aud bidding the
fainting mother follow, he plunged
through the curling waves of fire. Be
fore he went ten steps, the two little ones
hung ou his arms, limp aud inert. He
had only lime to see that their life had
gone out in the hot flame, when the
mother, wrapped in flame, fell by his
side. lie dropped, groveling in the eaud,
and now lies iu the worst extremity in a
neighboring hospital.
IN THE Bt:SH SETTLEMENTS.
On that solemn Monday morning,
there were anguish and despair. Of the
contented thousand that peopled tbe
place at sundown, scarcely 400 could be
found in the yellow glare of the morning
sunlight. But even these woful relics ot
life aDd hope aud energy did not forget
the instinct of helpfulness, and the ter
rible work of succor and identification
commenced with decent firmness and re
straint. Hecatombs of dead covered
the fields. By some curious fatalitv,
crowds sought safety together and ia'
masses fell with scorched faces and burnt
lungs iu mounds. Thirty-uiue fell in nue
pot, eighteen iu another not much dis
figured, just breathed upon by the fur
nace breath of tbe tornado. Hundreds
were Hung among the ruins, dreadfully
disabled aud uot dead but it would have
been better, perhaps, if they had been.
Where the seekers catue upon dead and
disfigured kindred the keeuesl torture
perhaps came upon the heart-wrung sur
vivors. The quest for the dead com iuued
for hours, and before the sun went down
375 were gathtred for sepulture. The
people comiug iu from Oconto and along
the shore came upon dead bodies miles
(Vom the scene. Iu the sheltering recess
of cedar thicket 50 bodies were huddled
in what seemed a tranquil and painless
death. On the northern road leading to
Peshtego 40 of the number in the graud
total were found scattered not very wide
ly apart. From a group of turni-houses
near the bed of a babbling little stream
a frightful track of death was discovered.
Women with babes tightly clutched, fair
young girls, and bright-faced lads lay
mingled aud embraced in eluqueut ago
ny. Others unrecognizable, partly bum
ed aud dreadfully lacerated, covered the
spot. Miugled with this holocaust of
human beings innumerable swollen car
casses of cattle and horses covered these
acres. Fowls but slightly siuged cum
bered the ground in shoals, speculating
on the scene with dead, gluzed eyes. In
the shallow mill-pond 30 women aud chil
dren were found unable to stir, but un
harmed. They had jo.ned handa by di
rection of a few self-contained men, and
wading in the waters survived the perils
of the night.
FEW ESCAPES.
Men who were in the turmoil of fire
describe it as a chance against double
shotted batteries ranged at either end of
tbe plain it it so happened, the blast
passed by you, and struck the compan
ion by your side. The waves laterally
ricocheted and rebounded from the earth
upward and downward. Those that re
main marvel most at their escape. Fright
ened birds, hovering far above the tree
tops, were helplessly swirled into the
whirling pool. More wonderful than all
the rest, perhaps, few families compara
tively, so far as can be ascertained,
were burned inside the houses all rush
ed outward, and death was with them
ou every hand.
WHOLE FAMILIES BURNT.
A family well known to the three set
tlements for gentle neighborliness, were
found lifeless fully three quarters of a
mile from home, the husband, wife, and
four-year old boy lying on their taces as
they had been stricken down, and no
perceptible scar was on the dead bodies.
Seventeen in one family grandfather,
grandmother, sons, and sons of sons
were found on their own farm, lifeless.
But why attempt tbe cold work of reca
pitulation? What awful 6atire was it
that made life and death confront each
other in this frightful time?
A BIRTH.
While 400 souls were rushing out of
the world, one puny mortal entered it,
and lives now after such a baptism of fire
as the world never before witnessed. The
mother of this memorable waif.Mrs. Car
oline England, did a work that day
which exceeds in improbability the wild
est fiction. Riding four or five mileB on
horseback, she reached Peshtego in the
closing hours of agony, and with her
own brave hands and heroic resolution
saved the lives of four of her sister's
children standing five hours in the flood
with her uuborn babe, whose first wail
ings were mingled with the muttering
flames. The constancy surpassed t;e
self-contained determination of the brav
est men.
A BRAVE MOTHER.
A resolute mother gathering about her
a brood of five little ones the young
est ten days old threw her dress skirt
over their little heads, and seating her
self calmly at the foot of a tree, with
her back to the severest of the the, calm
ly plucked the burning brands from the
group at her feet, aud outlasted the tem
pest with every life safe though one of
the little creatures has since died from
the burns received. The mother is bad
ly but not fatally injured.
VAIN EFFORTS OF A FATHER.
Brave in the purpose of saving wife
and child, a Mr. Tanner rushed with
hi-t family toward a fancied place of se
curity the hot dealing current withered
the woman, and in a moment scorched
the breath from the litt e one. Disdain
ful ot life, the unhappy father drew his
kuife, but a merciful limb fell and crush
ed him into safety and life. Two ghast
ly wounds attest the fervor of b,s deter
mination. These are the pictures that are credi
bly attested. I spare you the inconceiv
able incidents that one hears narrated.
Remember that all this desolation came
upon these two couuties in one day, the
same hour, almost the same moment,
aud in almost identical shape and cir
cumstance.
The republican administration has
refunded 8205.000,000 of the debt at 5
per cent., saving by that single ac $2,
000,000 a year.
A western editor was serenaded a
few evenings since, and in the next issue
of his paper complimented the serenad
ing party on their "judicious musical
taste in selection of pieces." He was in
formed by a listener, after the publica
tion, that they bad plajed the "Kogne".
March." i
The lluln'iiM Corpus Cast;.
C'uuxi-ks Va Oct. 25th, 1871.
Km
tor iy aiwubua ns oeen cuiwa to me
letters
v. wii.i.Hijiuu"
iilied iu yuur issue of the sfotu i tint, which 1 sup.
jrose are intended as a reply to uiy statement iu
uoiuiisu of Air. J. V, liauy of this cuuittav, uUu
published iu your invite of the l.'iih msl. 1 huve
read Willi great tare ihuse two eitusions and have
vainly tried lo see huw muse i;eiitlemeu in any way,
iu view of the hu ts now mauu public, ut all convict
uie of misrepresenting them iu any particular. Iu
making ihe statement 1 did, 1 u uctuutcd by a
since dcsiie to ttssuie the people of your section
thut Mr. Barry was a limn uf the very beat char
acter, mid one too who in universally respected in
this section. 1 fell it was uiy duty to do so not
only ou account ot his good name litre, but hum
the deep sympathy 1 hudfurhiui in his hour ufdig
tress, una believing it wu lull enough thut Ins
wife should be Uius so uutuuuiiutciy Hlincuit, w ith
out having added thereto the uuuks ol uutside
putties, accusing bun of lulseiy causing his wile to
le put in au tusuue asylum. I then believed tiotii
all til inlonntitioii I could guthcr, thut Mi. liuriy
was being badly trcuicd in ihis mutter, and 1 still
think so, the tuu remuikubte epistles of iustiu.iu
and .UcCoiloui to the coutiiuy notwithstanding.
Air. .Editor, 1 shall now in ui) iccble way tmemul
to reply to some of the sialciucuis niude in those
two "powerful weak" tctteis, aud iu so duing 1 do
not propose to descend to the level that these two
uieu have in mar attuck upuu me lor dcfeudiiig
the man that even they dun nut stiy is uot even
in his uutive couutiy consideicd respcctaule.
isow lor the uiaii who "rejoices" that he u a cit
izeu of vuur tuwu. lie is uutguauimuus enough
to give me "one more ojiporluuit y to dclcud Air. J.
W, Barry's character uud siuiid'iug in Virginia."
1 will stale that the gentleman is v cry kind indeed,
but Air. Barry's chuiactcr uceds no dcleuse lieie,
it is tioin the attacks oi such tueu as Air. l-.asl-uiuu
and Aiciollom, that i would wish to detend
Air. J. YY Barry, and lor the purpose oi show ing to
lire people from whence lie came thai the good
name he bote there is unsullied here, aud mat Dis
people hero without regard to sect, --color or pre
vious condition," eiiieituincd lur him a feeling ot
genuine respect, but as this is conceded by this
geutleuiau, who seems to be one ot those kind ol
men w ho know more about oUjci' peoplu s business
than mcy du of tueir own. 1 will let that branch
of the subject be considered a closed iu uiy.la.vor.
1 do not know whether Air. iv is married or uot,
but if he is, 1 venture the assertion that there is
not auoihcr married man in your county w ho would
thus sucak. about and pry into the puvate utiaiis
ot another, 'lhere one more nisiiiualiuu in the
beginning of Air. E.'s letter that 1 must uot puss
unnoticed. C!pcukiug ot the record of Air. liar
ry lie says, 11 1 do uot a-isA WtiuiytlmtJ. If. Uar
ry is not a gentleman in tcery rtstx-t," the isinua
uon rclcrrcd to, then comes iu too ioliovviug lan
guage trom the pen oi ihis giltcd knight of the
quiii""and thut his record is us good us uuy man s
iu the county of Culpeper, we liuiik perhaps it
may be the best, we hope so at least trom w hat we
saw Uiere during our A(t.sy visit. .Now 1 am not
ubout to deleud the people of this county particu
larly, but i will say ihut 1 do not know a man m
it mean enough to loilow up his fellow man with
thut degree ot persecution that has characterized
the acts ol .Mi, i-. uud his contcdeia.e (whom 1
shall refer to bclore 1 close) toward Air. J. Y
Barry. .1 w ill pass over the oUicr couteuiptibic
hing that tins Ghoul uiukes ut the citizcusoi Cul
peper, they may have been iiimiic when they at
tempted lo break up the Union, but the drubiing
they got at the hands of the aim ies ot ou r noble
U, Grant, somew hat rendered them suite, certain
ly uiite enough to know a gentleman trom a knave.
Air, L. is honest enough to plead guilty in one
thing, and that was that Le reit my oliice "in a
hurry.1' 1 w ul only say in passing along with this
reply, that should that gentleman come iuto my
oince again other than upon othcial business, he
would in my opinion, leave it quicker than he did
belore. Air. L. need nut be uiarmcd about my be
ing "oU'ended" because 1 did uot see him, 1 cer
tainly have no desrre lo kuow such a man as he
has shown himself to be. Air. says that he
"dues not wish to deny that Mr. Barry is not a
gentleman," if so, what does he mean when he
says, "we had seeu quite enough ol tire latter gen
tleman (Air. B.) heie. 1 reiterate what 1 have
said, viz that 1 made an effort to see these gen
tleman before they left but was uuubie, lo Uu su.
i went to their hotel twice beture 12 o'clock, and
was told that tbe gentlemen, whose names 1 point
ed out upon the hotel register, were not iu. 1
know that both of these gentlemen must have
known that 1 was u northern man aud i very nat
urally supposed that they would make aueliort to
see me, as it is customary tor ail northern persons
coming to town to give me a passing call, but 1
am satisfied now that both ut tneue gemlemeu stu
diously avoided me simply because they knew 1
was a friend of Air. Barry's. Air. ii. is very pro
fuse with his "V Al's." 1 hud that he has luund
it necessary to employ those two letters no less
than seven times in his bul.iant and classical el
foru 1 do not know what Air. K.'s business or
profession is whether it is a "iJmr" or a
--rtest's" orderly, whatever it may be he appears
lo have time to pry iuto the domestic affairs uf a
gentleman who is much his superior mevery respect.
Mr. K has deemed proper to pry into my nation
ality aud the result of his peeping is that he
styles me an Irishman or to use his own language,
''Irish descent." YVhile it is of no particular dis
grace to be of "Irish descent," if honest and re
spectable, yet it happens that this protouud peep
er has nut traced my family tree correctly, my
blood is Scotch. 1 do not brag about blood
here because I hear enough of that every day, but
I will say that it is generally conceded that Scotch
blood is tolerably good, und will stand lire. Aly
empty sleeve will attest that and if Air. E. douuts
this, he can have an opportunity of a practical il
lustration of it the next lime he conies iu Y irginia,
straight from the shoulder with the left the only
one "left me now, to defend my owu honor, the
honor of a friend or the honor oi my country.
There is a good deal of such stuff as i have
quoted, that 1 might reply to in the letter of All-.
but really 1 tear thai 1 shall trespass upon your
valuable space. There is one poiul to which 1
would wish to direct the attention of your readers.
ana that is, does it seem at all urobabte that Air.
Barry if be was actuated by any but honest mo
tives, would have taken his wile back to Vermont
tor the purpose of putting her in the insane asy
lum, when he could have much easier aud with
less expense have taken her to the insane asylum
at Staunton, in this State. T his tact aloue ought
tosatistyany reasonable man that Air. li. w as act
ing with the purest of motives in this mailer.
But it appears tiiat these two busy bodies consid
ered the matter of such vital importance that they
must post off to Virginia, on what everybody
here considers a trip thai no sane man or set ol
men would make, especially if they had any sense
to spare, and after what why simply to harass a
poor mortal whose domestic affairs on account of
the insanitv of his wife, had rendered his home
unhappy and desolate. 1 was conversing with au
eminent physician not long since, living in Air.
uarry s neignoornooa, on the subject o ivirs. Bar
ry's insanity, and he said that on one occasion Air.
a. came to him with tears in his eyes and bc'irued
him to go and see his wife and stay by her aud
see if there was no way to relieve her, and he also
related many other instances showing the devo
tion of Air. ii. to his wile and the sorrow hp. ex.
pressed on account of bcr unfortunate eonuition.
1 would be the hist man on earth to defend a man
who would try to restrain his wife or deny her the
privilege of -breathing the pure air" ol her own
native Slate, bnt at the same lime I would defend
the husband, if i saw plainly as 1 see in Air. H
ease, that he had not acted improperly. Airs. B.
may not be insane now, but sue was, as is conced
ed by all in the neighborhood ot Air. B.' when
toon tier away and lor some time belore.
I do not comprehend what thin 'hattij" fellow
means when he says" we hope Air. Barrv uv ciiaug
uig politically between the A,ortb and Soiuh
Jlr. Barry is a true republican and has aiwavs bcei!
known as such here, and 1 um glad he is." only
wish we had more of his stump here. 1 think ii
would be better lor the country. Am I to under
stand that Jlr. K. is a copperhead T 1 hope he i
lor 1 should be sorry to hear of a republican who
would treat another in the shabby wav Jlr. E. ha
treated Mr. Barry. 1 have read the proceedings ol'
the County Court of Windham, but fail to see in
what w ay .Mr. B. wes"ctnbarra,.sed." I think from
ail that I can see, that he proved everything he
desired to prove in that court. 1 hoi lie'mnv hav
an opportunity of bringing somebody else into
court "some line day," Uiere are some persons who
deserve to be brought up tor their micueeds, and 1
should think Sir. 1.. would "till the bill." i do not
see why Sir. I- dislikes P. Sl. "he hoi Mr h
will not employ P. Si's.
1 do not know who euiolors Sir. K w h.i-r .i..-
employ him has got a hard bargain. I have no
doubt Sir. K. will be les inclined lo hear from a P
SI." liter he has read tins than he ever was before
and will hereafter loilow the business of a pedulw'
instead of a "quill driver," but 1 would think him'
a (tood hand to dig potatoes, or better stili to hunt
heu's efrg-u Sir. i.. need not bother himself about
my being promoted by the l08imater General, mv
turn for promotion will come in due time, at leat
before I am entirely "mothered" in Cnipeper 1
trust 1 may be permitted to sUv on earth some time
yet, and ii so, 1 will say to Sir. that 1 shalj alwavj
defend the innocent whether male or female au.j
hah never hesitate to attack boldly meanness in ever r
form, whether it cornea irom the" nm or from seii -corwtituted
custodians of other people-! private aji
fain.
I in tmlT (lad to bear that Mn. Barry ia now
with her mother, and doing well. I feel gratified, as
any person should, to .ihut oi the recovery of any
ei-soii who has been alllicted in any way, and from
idl lean learu, 1 doubt very much "whether Sirs. B.
Wr k. iu hi avstem of newspaper irecatto
u lyr llUs!
bund, or those who houesily deiend his
course.
And now I Mil done with Sir. K., and will ny .0
him that this bus been wrllteu entirely unsolicit
ed," and further that he wunld not dare to tell me
to luy lace or insinuate, thut it was not. And now
for the reverend gentleman who spells bis name with
an Sic." 1 w ill nut go as tur as Sir. K. has in re
lation to nationality, but will say thut it smells very
strong of "ould Ireluud" audit wilt be borne in
mind that 1 spell uiy name wilb an "Slue," intciii
gent people whoreaj this, will uppreciule the ditl'ei'
euce. 'Ibis pious divine, SleC. goes Into the case with a
good deal of vim, and gels grandiloquent iu his
clnu gcs upon me and makes su many lulse siatemeitts
thai 1 must crave a htilo more of your space, iu or
der to polish hull oil in a slyle that he really de
serves. YMien 1 told some genllt'lueu at the" hotel
that the mau who signed himself, "J. C .McColloui"
was u clergyman, Iney littigncd ouirighl, and said
he looked more like u sporitng-niau, and irom his
mug, tnej seemed to think he lined Ins beer. Y both
er tins be Irue of his case, the citizens of your coun
ty can best answer. Ihis gentlemen states in his
letter, that 1 huve have made several stiileuienls con
cerning linn w hich are untrue," then he goes ou to
give your readers an idea of w hat he was uiught
in early Hie" &c, oic. and again he says and my
tonyue w ol Mmittuti a iilrnt uptilittvr" oic.
i Ins man seems to be enduwed Willi more than or
dinary powers, he can see w ith his tongue us well
us Ins eyes. Barnuul ought to have that man, be
yond a doubt he would be a valuable uecession lo
las accumulated wonuers. It would not huve been
any injury to this luiinent divine, ll Ins "early hie"
hau been a little longer, it is possible that u such
bad been the case, he would huve learned grammar.
Isay here again, Unit it is Irue, that 1 uul tint have
au opiiortuiniy to see Sir. K. and SleC, lor 1 tried
to do so twice und lai.ed, but 1 do pretend to say
that if 1 had beeu able to leave my business ut ill
o'clock, 1 might have seen them, but 1 diuuot oh ac
count of otlieial business huve au opportunity. 1 did
think however, that this pious mortal wouiu couue
sceud to give uie a purling cull, but not he. 1 sa)
heie, that 1 never saw the man, and he knows that 1
tell the truth too, and when he says lhat he person
ally asked me lor his mail, he utleis an uuiuiligut
eu laisehood," and lean prove it too. Sly deputy
uvs that a uiau called lor mail vj nii, lor J. C. Sic
Collom, so that convicts the leverend geutleuiau of
one tiiisehood, but he goes on to charge us being an
unmitigated lalselioou" that 1 had been told thai
he and lus orderly, Jlr. K. luund the eviuence much
stronger ugainsl Jlr. B. than they expected. 1 say
1 was tola so, and that, 1 can piove too. 'i lie ltev.
AleColioiu say s, or iiitmiures, that Sir. Barry "oulii"
to have been ou trial. 1 think he is now on trial at
the bar of public opinion, und 1 have no doubt w ill
be convicted.
Ami now comes a ciussical peroration from this pi
oils gentleman, viz. I tjpett Mr. slutnti u'til
uhh.-o his fru ink uitu oes uul r 7A-o-ss snhiii ulnchi
wtll itirioity tht Ivsi, unti it is iuA iwutuutt: riideMef
but that tit ii a vUhim tuti a a'ttil vj tinrtU." too we
are ail deviis here according to the pious opinion so
beuunluiiy expiessed lu lue lou-gomg quotation, ol
one who if wa ned enough to uuer sm h language,
1 am lorced to say that n he does hoi snare a scat in
that august assemblage of Ins satunic majesty, that
the seals will in uiy opinion nil be vacant and ola
satau will reign aioue. tie says in conclusion, that
he has tried lo treat ail parties iainy uud geaile
umnly," the quolalioh above is sulhclent 1 think to
bruuu the sutleuienl about his laimess" &c, as en
tirely untrue, unless he thinks it gentlemanly lo de
nounce peopie as ilurs una uevne. 1 suppose tills
was included iu his eariy teachings. In winding up
this linioo, this greut and humane man s:is he be
lieves God siunes wall approbation upon the course
we have taken to nbelale on anuseo and lnipusou
ed wile." i lake au entirely dill, rent view ot' me
case, 1 do not believe God wnl smile upon any man
who will ue such language as the hev. Jlr. .Viet ol
loin has Used iu ills iellel. ahil luril.er 1 do uot think
thai God smiles upon ah Ihlhg Uiat is wrong, una 1
tlimk the peifeciUiun ol Jlr. hurry, is moriaily ana
religiously wrong, uud that L. li. taistuutit aua'J. C.
Jloc.ol.oiii are responsible lor the wrong t'nu has
been so wantonly perpetrated upon uu innocent
111:111.
1 have thus Sir. tditor endei'vored to reply to the
statemehls oi the-e gentlemen, and t noj.y" it w ill
be convenient fur you to t-ublisli it. i win say that
it is not my purpose to repiy to anything more Unit
they may sa, as I do not wisu to keep up a contro
versy vvllll men ot then- calibre, i be game is hot
worthy of any iurUier nonce Iroui me. U iin many
wishes tor your prosperity as a journalist, 1 am sir,
ery respectfully, your obeaieut sei vaut,
YY. A. S1ac.Nii.i y.
Bostos, Oirr. 2i, l-'l.
-t AVuVor: I have been somewhat iuterc-sied in
the articles which huve appeared in the lilies, in
regard to J. S. harry of irginia. 1 have nothing
to say, fur or against eitht-r parly to the troubles
which exist, but it is a little singular that lir. Kock
well who has given the best years of his life, and
ever since 1 eiui remember, lo the treatment of the
unfortunate, and w ho 1 know- stands high in the es
timation of the tialernny to which ne belongs,
should know less of the mental faculties of his pa
tients than a Doctor of tiivimty, it seems to me
Unit the case is not unlike that "depleted by Carl
eton," who having u httie domesiio trouble, writes,
that at ubout the moment the row was rcpoi led
The neighbors, a couple dozen strong
Lent their kindest sarviee to ueip the IhiUK along."
Hakky's Boy.
Peterson's Magazino for November
claims to be the cheapest and best ot
the lady's books. "Baby's Answer," its
principal bteel plate, is a perfect btadty.
then comes its double-sized, colored, steel
fusliiun-plate, and "Peterson" is now the
only magazine that gives these double
sized plates engraved on ettel. Then
thete is a superb slipper-pattern, printed
in colors, itseli alone worth the price of
the number. The tales and novelets, as
always in "Peterson," are all original
and of thrilling iuieiest. "The Mystery
of Bride's Bayou," iu the present num
ber, is a story such as we rarely see any
where now-a-days. JVou: it the (line to
get up clubi for 1872. The Prospectus
is just out. ihe price of "Perterson" is
only two dollars a year to single sub
scribers, while other magazines of iu
class are three or four. To clubs the
terms are lower still, viz five copies for
eight dollars, or eight copies fur twelve
dollars. Every person getting up either
of these clubs will receive the Magazine
for 1872 gratis, and also a splendid copy
right engraving (24 inches by 18), "Five
Times One To-Day I" We can speak from
personal experience of the beauty and
value of this engraving. Specimens of
the Magazine sent gratis if written for.
Address, Charles J. Petkkson,
306 Chestuut Street, Philadelphia.
Incident of the Chicago Fire. A
newly marred pair, who had come to
Chicago to spend their honeymoon, were
stopping at one of the hotels. About
midnight, alarmed by thesiguals oi fire,
the gentlemen went out to get a view oi
it, but presently returned to prepare for
instant flight. Not wishing to startle hie
fair tniile, he simply told her to dress
beree f, to go to look out at the fire.
As she was doing po he told her to put
on her best things, and thus save as much
as possible. Comprehending at once th
situation, sue drew the sheets from the
bed, spread them ou tbe floor, emptied
the contents of their trunks into them,
tied them into bundles, and so fled down
Wabash Avenue, each with a bundle over
lha bit. lit,!. ....111... A J
,r... u-iv uuiue aujii ana jve
driven forth at the point of a flaming
sword which turned every way."
Gf.eat Age. Mr Edward Beetham.
of Chester, Me., died last week ut the
great age of one hundred and three years
having been born in June, 1768. The
funeral sermon was preached by Elder
Gowen, of Enfield, who has attained the
advanced age of ninety-six year.
AN iNltHKSTISO A Nil Inhtbuctivk
Leun ok Ei'i;ssivtLniu.viiu.N. Iu
ft II IT .1
August, looi, merry ll. 1'yir, winner
e t ii t .1 e .i
ol J. M. Ilor an mini lit'ourr nf tin mv.
i i i t i-
unii lna vuh. I.in-v A. Dver vkhth nil ul'
with about a doisou others iu a four horse
j
eoai h, on a picnic excursion iu Ashiiuld, i
i ,i
wlicu a dcioetive bridge gave way and
precipitated the team, with the pusnen- j
gets, s.iine twelve feel into the stream be
low. One of the arms of Mercy II. Dy
er was brolteii, and her head bruieed
Lltltltt 1 A I It '.-l .1 l.ll.S.t
t,...v. ..v.j ijm ,o litis uJoaetu
I l II.
u m lime iu ucuiuvu ill ill 'xu, OUb li I u V-

eu eventually in nave received a uptual
injury
The detect in the bridge and the
liability of the town seem undoubted.
The town settled with most of the other
parties injured us best they could. One
F. Howes sued mid recovered iu the
court at Gretniield, sMOUO uud costs.
Mercy 11. Dyer claimed damages, but
the town oilereii her only $.i00. She de
clined it, iiiid sued the town. About two
years afterward, while the suit was pend
ing, she died from other diseases and not
from causes ot ijjinating iu the accident.
Her administrator prosecuted the suit
aud recovered $1)000, damages and costs
taxed at 11172,94.
Lucy A. Dyer oflered to settle for
$1500, on the expressed desite of the
town to adjust it. The selectmen of the
town, Henry I'aine, Almon Howes and
A. O. Hall, wrote, under date of Or tidier
28, 1807, in reply to the oiler a follows,
viz: "Iu answer to your note of the 1st
iusl. tve would say, that wexousider your
claim of f 1500 against the town vnrea
onable." Thereupon she begun suit in
the superior court in Iioetoti, laying the
ud damnum at about $-1000. The Ioyvii
appeared, denied liability, and she after
ward raised the ai tlainnum to $8000 by
leave of the court, in amendments, and
the defendants I lu-n removed the action
to the supreme court, where the claim
was again raistd by another amendment.
After remaining in court several terms it
was finally tried, and a verdict rendered
in plaintill"8 favor fur 13,000 defend
ants admitting liability and contesting
ouly the question of damages'. A mo
tion lor a new trial was made, on tbe
ground of exeessive damages, lint was
overruled by the court, and on September
13, 1871, judgment was entered on the
verdict for f;,;!22,JM) damages, aud for
cotts, taxed at Slti0,47, aud executiou
issued fur $15,003,30, all of which the
town must pay. .So that, instead of pay
ing S1000, tUiich would have settled one
claim, ami $1500 to adjust the other in
the outset ?2500 in all the town h
mulcted iu iLe sum of $10,134,81 and
must besides pay a large bill of costs for
their own wiluesses, aud the bills of their
able counsel, amounting to we don't
know how much.
Instead of meeting the claims fairly
and adjusting them, as might have been
done, the selectmen were disposed to
treat them with an unfavoraable spirit,
and went so far as to post up a notice to
the t fleet that the town "u-anted to bor
row 8500 to pntj erpenneti of litigation and
broken npxnet." The result is rather an
expensive Jesson, aud mav serve to ren
der towns more careful of tbeir highways,
and not litigate such claims wheu dam
ages occur through their neglect. 2W
ton Journal,
Zantta. HurdA Houghton have pub-
iisned a uovel from the pen of Mrs.
Thertise Ydverton, entitled "Zanita, a
Taie of the Yosemite." Mrs. Yelverton
is the lady who, some years ago, made so
many attempts iu the various Irish,
Scotch and English courts, to prove the
legality of her marriage, eventually car
rying her ease to the House of Lords.
Her husband, then Major Y'elvertou, tak
ing advantage of some legal flaw.disown
ed the marriage, and, though she lost her
case in I lie final decision, she st ill claims
the title of Lady Avoumore. She has
been for several years in this country,
and came near losing her life, by becom
ingseparated from her traveling compan
ions in or near the Yosemite Valley iu
California. Her book is a strauge and
somewhat sensational story; but the
reader is held by a strong interest in the
characters and iucidents, aud will find
the tale interesting. For sale by Cheney
C.app, Braltleboru. Price $150.
Mkssrs. Chick ebinq Sons, the cel
ebrated Piano-Forte Manufacturers of
Bost m and Jnew Y'ork, have been award
ed during the mouths of September and
October, 1871, five first premiums (gold
and silver medals) over all competition,
at different State Fairs. This makes a
total of eighty one first premiums receiv
ed by this house for the superiority of
tneir i'laoos.
Vt. .barrows at a Contrrecational
festival told a story of a ladies' sewing
circle in ttoe country, which at first went
hard, consisting of only lour old ladies
who spent the afternoon in knitting. By
and by, however, the meetings were fully
attended, aud there was a good time gen
erally, when one evening tbe pasto- said
lo one ol these old women, "Better meet
intra r.an I I 1
...gts uiu ncuseu 10 uave. ies, was
the reply, "hut they aint near so solemn."
Wanted.
A OOD. RESPONSIBLE MAS to drive team.
'K American man preferred. Apply immediately.
Bellow, FaUs. Oeumh.1-
RICK FOR SALE.
aiva ror mie in n etiminster. A aamcla mav
be aeen attheilor. of Aran at Willw,, i",
Flla. For further laxrUcular, u,,air, 0f tie b!i-
WewUBUMter. Aui. 1 1871.
n. n 1 1. 11,
41
j 31 c I IV 'J.1 V 1 1 1 fS
emu for k v a a t c ii t,
I S
yiurrauini a sura aud siieedy cure In mi.
Keralelltw ou llorsiwi also cures I'tilks Hull,
n.... -i
rjore lvata and 1 ies
wnaievwi uatura. 1 tou 00 oeuls MUU 111 no
I i i. mu i,nu.
"ami. i
al.
-suit.
I ...i.w' V.11! l",ar
Vt.
..hw v..fttw oiiwiauy.
uko, v. uouoyy in a to. and uunkv i
tiuueral Atfeuis.

TIio t uuseaiul t'ureol Coiimi
l"ltiua
lh priuiury cause of Consumption hi j,
mom oi the M.ge.uve uritaua. luis tlerau7
lruuots uciiciuul uuuuu.u and assuuuau "u
ussiiiuiatiuu 1 ineuu that unices bv wun-h ii,. r'
went ol the lood is eouvei led lino lllouu, uuu uiil"'
ItllU IHVtUIIUUI UK IMUI. 1 Ulllllll tklllt.l.
lute tue
III.... -...1 1 .il Wl
SHltu,
i iump uu, iuh tuv snauiosi yreuislMi,ilt..
pulmonary disease, urn tooj lake eold, will h.
liable lo uave eohBUtllutlou ol tue l.unas lug,,
i ns turuia: aud i uiou mat u ill o Tl
cum au caa. rtiisuiuMiuu wuhomiirst i u
j uZ 'Z
buaels
eloalk'iua uiese uraaiia ao lllal llley eauuol jit,,,"11
tlleil- luuellous. auu theu rouna up auu malum a
liit r 1.. a healthy aeuou. lor una mrl
surest auu beat remedy 10 Cieueuok a AlanuianTl'i,
t a Jiuiiui,,, a
4Ue alouiaeUaiid hoael, w2
bid alluio tluil is euu-ii,, Ju
holesj-slem. i'lley win uieT?
the ttuau lull luol bld I
and dee.iv iu the who
tup ittoiui an uisuuni-u oiiw mat uaa aee u uiuu,-;
there, auu aiouav it up to a new auu Uuanu
by V, Uit-b uaiuial auu healthy biieia stiereitsl.
lue aioluaeh, Uowela ami III er are lUua eleamj
by (lie usool oeheuca a .ttalulraae i'llla: bulii
lountius iu the slouiaeh au exeesa ul aom, luu,1,c',
is tori.lil.auU tht, aunalilM la i....tr 1 1, .1.
Ihe taeieais are wuK. alitl lequirilia alreuau,
.......vu ....a iiiaiotJIit-bti,
iMiuweeU loule in'oves lo be IU most vaiuauiuita
...a.... a. u, aiaanuu, aim Us Use a il
ueutruligeall exeesn ol aeld, uiakinit tue aunnil
aweol auu Ireah it w ill give peruiauelit loue u,i
important uia-au, aud eruale a itood, hearty auiai
ana i.t-i-ouru ihe avattoti l..r n.u t... ilt
Hood uiaosiiou, auu ultimately uiake e-oou a.i"!1
liYiun uiiunl. Auer this preparatory ireuimr,
hut remains tu eureuiost casus ui eousuiuimul
ihe liee ami perseveriuf Use ol ScUeueK a I uiuiui
nyrup. lue Puimouie syrun uuurisnea n...T.
purines the blood, aud la reuutly uhaotbed laui u
eireuialiou. auu theuev distributed lu lue diJa!!i
luugs. ineie it npelis ail uitirbid matters aii.TT
iu tue lorui ul abaeesaea oi ttibereiea. auu dies
Mats .uiuie .u expei ail the deeeaaea lnatler in
liirin ol it..a vt ii. ...i i.i ..t 1..H- taniM. u a ui
ia Lheii. hy the titttul hemiiiu mii.i o. .'l'uu- ll
lies ol Sebeuek a I'uliuuiiw Mrua ii..,
auu eavieiea are healeu up suuud and iflypaiu-ata
w Vu ,u mring eeiiHmna.
lion is to a el upaaood appetite and a a-axl ih..
aioli. au that the Oud will grow lu Mesa anu i
llrolin- li a person has deceased luu, a eavuj
...to ueau, ui aUIt,,
w .v.jnvul ia uetuw bar
VV llai la ueeesaaiy to flue la a new Older ol uu.
aitood appetite, a ood uuiritiuu. the Uoilyu,.,!,
iu UtsU auu aet laljlueu .Nature is helped Z
entities will heal, the mailer will npeu aio j,
Kiu health auutlieiinm. 1 mi is tue true ami eut
o'.T ti "ii,. u,. J: i ,""'oa 'Bl
i. v 1 1 ,i, ru or (1 f,
li one iuua is entirety none, ll there l eiaaun
vitality leu in the other lo heal up. thvre if bCt
1 hate seeu uialiy persons em ea with only i.
souuti 1 u l.T. live uud enjoy lllc lu a food oltl ay,,
iilis Is what aehenek's luedleiiiea wilt du hi cs
Consumption. Iney win eleau out the Httm
sweeieu aim sireniri hen ll, ael up a ,oa di. w-
aud itive .Nature me assistaiieeaue neeus tu Clear
system ol all the uisease thai is in the tunss,
everibelorm may be.
ll la important that, while using chtDrk'i te.
eiues, rare should be exereised not totakeee,a
keep iii-etoora iu eool and damp weuilier; suk
UiKht air, auu Uke out-uuor exeielae uuiy ui aaeiu
al and waiui suunhine.
1 wish it tusiihtiiiy understood that whea Irseva
menu a patient to oe earelu- in regard to Uaiaa-eua
wui.e using my Uieuu-lt.ea. 1 Uu ao lur a filarial rea
sou. A mau who has hut parllally re. net! troR
the i-IIeeu ol a bau cuiu i? Uf luoie liable tea ie.ai-.
than one who haa been entirely cureU. aiai ituat
eiseiy tile same IU retaru to eutisuuipltou. en it-u
imi .it. luugr at r una pel leeny lltuieel, Jusl Ml lout
theie luiutiucntdaioierul a luil returu el the as
ease, ileuee 11 la that 1 so alreuuously cautHtBri
luouary paiii-uls atjuiusl exiataiua tueuiseo ee u.
auut sphere thai is nut genial and pleasant. U.
Urmed consumptives Iuiiks area mass ol
wmen ine u-usl tuauge ol atumspheie will ifitU
Ihe aiauu see-ret ot my suece-i Willi uiy uiwiu.
cotiMsistu my ability lo subtitle lunauiiuatiuuiu
ol protukii.a ll. ac-aialiyot the laeulty do. Al
liaiued iuua eaunut Wltu salety to Ihe patient li-p'ise-d
lo lite l.iuh- bla.-la ot ttiliferor the efa
wows oi sprihar or auiuuiu. It should be care
shieihe'i It,, in all iriiirtiiiig indueitcos. Ihe tnu
i-aution shoulu he io.erve.1 in this Daritcuiar.
without it a eure uuder almost any eireumslaucis
an tiiipossiiiltty.
I he periu should be kepi on a wh-'lefoine and
tritiuus diet, and all the iiieUtenitt eouutiutai au'
uu iMMly lots restored lo It the uaturai tiutttuly
llt-sh ait.t sirenaiii.
I was inysell euiej by this treatineut of tbe wo:
kind ol Cousuuipuou. and have lived lo ael lat se
hearty these iu..uy years, with one lung-mustl) g i
i nat c cureu luoii-auus inure, auu very mauy U.
tiet-u eurmi by this trraiuieut wuouil have srt
seen.
A bout ihefirat of October 1 expect to take jhc
sion ot my new buibliua: at the north-east eomn J
sixth and Areb streets, where 1 shall be p tea!
give auviee lo aft who may require it.
lull direelitiua accompauy alt my rcroedief. 4'
thata person in any part o! the world can be real I
ly cured bya su iet observance of tbe same.
J. 11. sJCtifcXl'K. H.V f
i'hiladeipsa'
GKU. C.
GUOU tVI.X 4.
BOST0X.
1'U.a ABCWia.
,9
f
f l
SEWING MACHINES
FOR SALE.
EX0HAXOE1). REPAIRED AND TO LET
Af A Cll INKS loft on Trial. Payment In Mir
ill Insni hiieiitn. A l.a st.isir.ir ;...i.;...
flLK. Ll.S r.X andC'li'l'OSTllHEAD, 0IL..U
iiui'..-. ijjiauiit a I'rAUUMKX IS, 4c. Hani
been in the sewing Stachiue businesa for the h
two years and havuor a tlt.m.iivh l,.....ii.. nr.i
terenl .Uaeiiiuea. all uilukiiut of purcHasim are .'-f
si.ectitiujr invueu to ea,. oetui-w purehasuif eh
where. ii. WHAM.
(lormerlyor r-prinfrneld. vt.) At MTUio
h.vliIj s. eiM'i.i nutire.n.. lielluw
uwa i'alla Vt.
Nov. 1. isTU.
BETTER AND CIIEAPEJtf
THAX XST OTMKk f
EO0T3 OR SHOES f
Til O S E F A ST E XE D W Hh
CABLE sSCREW WIBE
liK'I'TKU R..... .1 r... lk Bfti
tu.. are more i-iia"-
oiniurlan it. an u. u ..rra&Vfl
not to Kip or ti.tpe.
OHEAPEK ilecauae trhil,,!!..;. Ural ..tut W
in excess ot sewed or penh-ed work ol a like r
their Durability is tar greater, they present u
.-lot be much better. and tltineUincfJlei""S'n'1
more h.jual Wear,
Equally applicable to tiulit and heavy wcirk.
Ihe immense demand having called forth ib
tions. eousuntem shouhi be sure that every
shoe bears the Patent blanip.
Swld by Da-nlrra Ktrrrwbcrr.
I'aiTi. lor Sjiixle.
rI,H K Sbscrihr tfTura f..r t.l. Ilia ar.ll III
a EAIt.Vi. laleowued by SILAS DAVlri."" I
cuusistiugor aooutmi acres, and situated ee
mile westerly of lioua-hlonviile in the town el"
ton. toiid Iwrro is well ailamed for the uses tbtl
entertriiin tarnirr Kt-nrrmiy vuluea. couli' f
food pioportlod ot Tiliaite, .Vlowintr. liraimf f
ooilland. it contaius nlso a (rood Apple Or
and Alupl.-a jn abunuance. The hulhlinzit cvlP"' t'
a good llrick House, a splemtid Barn, ail well k
eit and in complete repair. W ater is pleny I
farm, the bouse ami barn are supplied by nn1-:!.
and superior running water. The iann a-' f
icred at lil-IValrt ..lu ait.l if n..t ..raVlCSl K
January 1st next, it will then be sold at Public" f
tion. Purchasers in quest of a good farm, are A r
ed by the .subscriber, now Item nn aaiti tarm W"'
and examine tor themselves, ltelerenee
hadofl KA.VtTSPHEl.Pji of Gralton villa.'
information. JOHS AlcQt.lilT i
uruiion. v u. epu l'Jth. 1S71. f
Wanted Immediate
CUSTOM COAT. PAST A5D VEST MALES'
Tfl Experienced Work mf inconstant empl.rf
a V will be given, and but price P"".
Baliowi Falli. Oet. 3d. tSTl.