The Hian VII-»Wika
STACXTON, VIIIGOIA
Thursday, October 19, 1871
Local.
We are unable in this issue of the
Virytnian to give our readers a full ac
count of the Fair proceedings. But promise
io our next issue, a complete and graphic de
scription.
WE are authorized to anucuDce E. L. HOUFF
as a candidate lor the next Houtpot Lte-r
pgates. °.ct u
ggjT Cigars—all grades at Armenlrout Co’s.
Rilkes’ Furniture is marked down at Factory
prices.
Bantz at Hendry’s makes all slyles of'shoes for
Ladies. I® l*
Ten thousand bushels prime wheat wanted by
P. B. fit P. A. Sublett.
Go to S. M. Wilkes’ if you want Furniture at
fight prices.
a@T 20 different kinds of chewing Tobacco—
glides—at Armcnir»ut Co s.
yff- 10 different grades smoking Tobacco at
Armcntrcuf Go’s.
B. V. B 3. fit if- at On t*. 0. Weller’s Boot,
Shoe and Hat Emporium, Main street,
aug 17—tf
Go to Hendry’s if you want your boots and
phoes made well, and finished punctually,
oct 19—if
Any style of boot or shoe made at Hendry’s
Mr. Banlz will fit you to perfection, oct lS}-tf.
Wooden Pipes with stems, only 5 and 10
ceuts, at Armemrout Go's.
The largest stock and greatest variety of
jvalkiug cancs ever offered in Staunton—from
35c to $}0—at Aputenif-qat fit Co’s.
Wood.—Those of our subscribers who cjes*>-'e
lo pa their subscriptions in Wpod, will please
Juiug it in as soon ns possible.
Go to C. L. Weller’s for Ladies, Misses. Chil
drens, Mens, Boys, aul Gent’s Boots and Shoes.
aug 17-tf
Mrs. M. E. Gaw, Mantaumaker, has opened on
on the corner of .Main and Green streets. A eal
from the ladies is solicited.
C. L. Weller keeps constantly on hands, Ladies,
pisses and Childrens Shoes, of A. M. Simpson’s
manufacture, and is prepared to fill orders at
phort notice. aug 17-tf
Gentlemen who are in want of fine boots will
do well to try Hetplry- JJr. Rant?, foremans of
*he Factory, gives a good fit neatly everey time,
pn the first trial. oct 1® G
Mr. John ISrimner, night watchman on the Or
ange, 4}sxaudria Manassas Railroad, near
Orange C. H., was waylaid and robbed of about
$20, on tlie niglit of the 8tli. lie subsequently
died from the iujuties received.
A white woman, pained Mrs. Miller, living in
Lewisburg. W. Va gave birth last week to a
black child. She gave it. an over dose of Laud
anum. and there was jury of inquest unU burial
(afterwards
The Maryland Farmer for October lias been re
ceived. It is one of the bast publications of the
hind in the country, and should be in the hands
pf every farmer. Address S. Sands Mills fit Co.,
Baltimore. Price $1 50.
Land Salk.—Geo. M. Cochran, Jr., and James
Bunygardner, Jr., Commissioners, sold on I ho 3rd
iust., the farm of James E. Carson, near Middle
brook, containing 31G£ acres, at sml per acre.
M. Vf. D Hogshead, Esq purenaser.
W. .f. Points is largely engaged in Hoofing and
■pouting, and filling all orders at the shortest no
tice. He is not only prepared to comply with all
demands in his line but to furnish evary descrip
tion of tin-ware. &c., on call, at his store on
main street. 00t
Quick Work.—Our neighbor Gladke, has push
in him, find so have our mechanics. In three days
time, they tore out a part of the side of Powell’s
■tore room, on main street, converted it into a
handsome little store room, for the accommoda
tion of "Giadke’s sensation,’’ ami shelved, paint
ed Ac John D. Shonjo did the carpenter yvork,
and Bishop, gfaford Co., the painting.
Qne of the most economical nfitf nseful inven
tion now in use, is the Casket Heater, for heating
four roonjS willy qne fire, for sale by W. j. Points,
main stret. It is not only economical and use
ful, but ornamental. In these times of high
wood and coal prices, comfort can be secured at
little expense by getting one cf the Heaters.
oct 12—if.
The Nonpariel Cooking Stove for sale by W J.
Points, nuin street, one door from Dr. Chapman’s
Dental office, is the standard with all good house
wives in the State. For capacity andecomomy it
fias no superior. We have itad in use, for the
past six months, oue of the Nonpariels,attd there
fore know what we say. It \b a splemlid baker,
aid indeed answers every purpose of a first-class
cooking stoTe. 0<R 12—tf.
Live Stock If iRjtpT.—Mr.'Wm pqston.has ad
vertised tq open a Live Siock Jfarket. on the 2t3th
ofOctobor. Gordensville, and to establish regular
Live Stock Sales, the 25:h of each month.
We understand thit. Mr. Ea-ton, also, content*
plates opening a s milar market here, and will be
Sreseutatour Fair, to consummate his arrange
tents.
Tlie suggestion of Lite Stock Market was
made some'imc since through the columns of
the Virginian. Our own people, however, have
taken no interest in it! and the profits to be reap
ed from it, will likely be engaged by those not
living witu us. Since our first, suggestion, steps
Jiave been taken in Rockbridge to establish a
similar enterprise. Now comes Mr. Easton, who
has taken hold of the matter in earnest. We Impe
he will succeed, qnd we will do all we can to as
sist him.
t. __
Returned to the Field of Action.
Mr. W. It. BROWN, formerly with Ackfrmai
A Co'., Simon II. Hilb, also Funkhouser Co.,
has taken his stand behind
gl'adk.e:§ counter,
■where he will be much pleased to see bis Friendi
and former Customers, and assures all that he is
now able to sell cheaper and give better satisfac
tion than ever. Call at
GLADKE’S,
oct 5—tf The Regulator of Prices.
IT HAS NO RIVAL.
The Standard excellence of Dooley’.* Yeast Pow
»»r has been satisfactorily demonstrated to be
owing Wits strict chemical PURITY, no arti
cles being used in its composition but those es
pecistiy adapted to tile purpose, and sucIV as arc
Iree front ifhy injurious substances.
Two teasjiiorifuls of Dooley’s Ykast Powder
is all that is’fibcessary fn a quartof flour, while
ordinary Baking Powders requit e from one-third
t-0 one half more. Hence, Dooley’s is the most
Economical, reliable, and the best. Manufac
tured by Dooley &’Brother, 63 New Si., New
V'lfk, For sale b" (Frotiers renerallv.
I 'iC s’.,
CONSERVATIVE NOMINATING
CONVENTION.
Pursuant to the appointment of the Con
servative County Committee, at 12 M. on
yesterday, Col. Jno. B Baldwin, as Tem
porary Chairman, called the Convention to
order for the nomination of Candidates for
the House of Delegates.
Oa motion, Wit. F. Smith and L. Wad
dell were requested to act as temporary
Secretaries.
The Townships and Wards were reques
ted by the Chair to report to the Secretaries
the list of Delegates, and the following lists
were reported
ItlVKltUEADS ToWNSIIip.—Wip J?■ S’njjl},
A. S. Turk, Win. Thqmpson, Geo. Shuey,
Sr., Col. J. D Li Hey, Thompson Brown.
Pastures Toty.NSUip. —Caleb Crone, J.
S. Guy, Juo. Christian, Win. M. Tate, D.
Bucher, L. Waddell.
North River Township —J. G. Fulton,
G. B Dunlap, Dr Jas Clarke, Jno. 0.
Bamscy, Phillip Arehart, Jus- A. Coch
ran.
Middle River Township —Wit. Pat
terson, J. II. Crawford, K. B. Koiner,
Win, Moorman, Wm. Crawford, Dr. W.
W. Cropp.
South River Township—T. W. A1 x
ander, V. W Koiner, J. W PatricK, W.
A. Abniy, J. S Ellis, D. S Bell
Bevhu.y Manor Township —L Har
man. D. Speck, D. Henkel, J. Wayt Bell,
Jao Baylor, ghulou Shafer.
Staunton Ward, No 1.—P B. Hoge,
J. F. Taunebill. M. Bibbett, W. II. Gor
man. fl B Hill, J. \y. Tqid
Ward, No 2 Jno. B Baldwin, M. G.
Harman, Jas. II. Skinner, B. T. Baghy,
J n. Waters. II. M. Bell.
On motion of Col. Harman, alternates
nominated were admitted, in place of ab
sent Delegates, and alternates named gen
erally were allow to Gi! the place of absent
Delegates in the order named.
Under this ruling, F. F. Sierreit was ad
mitted in Pastures Township vice J. S
Guy an! J. N. Clarke and Dr G T. Rib
son vice Dr. Claiko and J 0. Ramsey in
North River Township.
i Oo motion, Col. Jno. B Baldwin was
chosen Pirmancnt-Ohairnian, and Messrs.
Wm. F. Smith and L. Waddell, Perma
nent Secretaries.
Maj Wm. M. Tate moved that the nom
ination of Candidates for the House of Dele
gates be proceeded with.
Coi. M. G Harman then moved that the
C Convention adjourn till 1 P. M to allow
the Convention 'o nominate a Senator to or
ganize, which was lost, and the motion of
Maj Tate adopted.
On motion, the Rules of the Hruse of
t Delegates were then adopted for the govern
r uient ot the Convention.
The following gentlemen were theu nom
inated, C. S R 1 r, R. W. Burke, Jno. N.
1 Opie, D. B. Hinton, A. B. Lightner, Maj.
Marshal Hanger, Will. T. Kish, Col. Jas.
1 C. Cochran. Juo. N. Clarke, Wm. A. Ab
ney, F. D. Dellinger.
Five Ballots were then t^kea without any
0 decisive result, when, on motion, the Rules
were suspended and three candidates voted
for by each del’gate.
On the 6th Ballot, the following gentle
j men, having received a majority of votes,
were declared to be the nominees
Alexander B. L'ghtner,
Maj Marshal Hanger,
j Chas. S. Roller.
The convention then adjourned.
1
a
h
s
8
g
3,
h
it
r.
'8
it
e
3
1
ll
ir
>e
is
of
ire
P
ot
ps
10
8
1.
in
5.,
ds
is
sY
L»e
i
:3
re
!R
!e
rd
st
o
w
The Convention to nominate a Seuator
(rom this District was then called tp order
by Col. Jno B. Baldwin, as Temporary
Chairman, and, on motion, Mr. Win. F.
Smith was requested to act as Secretary.
The following delegates were reported
from the several Townships and Wards.
Rivekukads.—Win. F- Smith, Jno. II
Rush, Win. Thompson.
Pastures.— Cal b Grooe, John Christian,
D Bucher.
North River. —J G. Fultoit, G. B.
Dunlap. Dr. James Claike.
Beverly Manor. Jac. Baylor, J.
Wavt Bell. Lewis Hannan.
Staunton—Ward, No. 1. P. B. Iloge,
J. F. Tamil hi I. M. B ibliott.
Ward No. 2 —J. B Baldwin, M. G.
Harman, Jas. II. Skinner.
South River and Middle River Town
ships, not having appointed separate dele
gations, their delegations in the former
Convention, of six each, worn, on motion,
admitted, each delegate being counted as
onc-li ilt' a vo'e.
On motion, the places f absent delegates
were piled, as in the Convention to nomi
nate eandjdates for the House of Delegates,
and eT. N Clarke was adpiijl^d in place of
Dr Ciarke, of N rtli River, and A. M,
Hawpe, in place of Win. Thompson, of Riv
ei heads.
On motion, Col. Baldwin was elected
Pet maneut Chairman, and Wm. F. Smith,
Permanent Secretary.
Nominations being in order, the follow
ing gentleman were nominated: Judge A.
B. Coelnai, Dr. B. F. Walker, Win. A.
Abney atm Dr T. W. Shelton.
The B Hot was then taken and it was an
nounced that Judge C"ebrau had received
a majority of the ballots cast, hut owing to
errors reported, the ballot was again taken,
and Judge Cochran, hai ing clearly received
a majority, he was declared the nominee of
the Convention.
The Convention then adjourned.
W. W. Walker has been nominated hi
the Conservatives, (or the Legislature ffon
Westmoreland county. Mr. Walker is i
very graceful speaker, but rather frothy
His election will cost the State several thou
sand dollars, at least, as he will have his “pu
in” on everv question. lie is fond ot hear
ing himself speak.
Chas. \y. Weber, publisher cf tjie Salen
Timet, is announced as a candidate for th
State Senate, against Col. Ed Pendleton, th
nominee of a convention of delegates Iron
Roanoko, Craig and Alleghany. It i
charged that the Conveqtiou was packed, am
did pot represent the people.
The Forest Fires—The overwhelming
calamity in Chicago, and the dispatches which
have beeu constantly coming in, fraught with
the latest intelligence from that ill-fated city,
have withdrawn the attention ol the public
from the extraordinary ravages of the same
fiery element in Michigan, Minnesota, is
consin, Iowa, Indiana, and elsewhere. Im
mense fires have been raging in the western
forests for the last tyro weeks. It is said that
in Wisconsin the fires have had no parallel
since the settlement of the country. I wo
thousand square miles are reported to be
swept by the flames. In Michigan it is sta^
ted that, five villages have been entirely and
two partially destroyed. All that portion of
the State cast of Saginaw hay, and north of a
point forty miles above Port Huron, has been
burnt ovpr anJ numbers of persons ha ye per
ished. Scarcely a county in the Strte but
has suffered {pore or less. The damage to
the pine lands is incalculable. I here was a
light rain on Wednesday, which seem to have
checked the progress of the fires through the
State. The fires have burned fiercely in the
immense woods in some portions of Minneso
ta. Wood and prairie fires, are also reported
to be raging along the line of the Louisville,
New Albany and Chicago railroad, between
New APanv, Ind., and Lafayette, on the
North End road, destroying miles of fences,
hay, grain in stack, corn in the field, houses,
barns and cattle pens There had been a
long and protracted drought in the West, and
the flames went uver the country as if it were
tinder. It is feared that the losses will prove
enormous, and assistance is said to be needed
nearly all through the Northwest where these
fires have been raging.
Base Wretches.—In many parts of the
city which remain uuburned, bakers, grocers,
and butchers, have raised tfie price of their
stocks in tra.de to cruelly exliorbitant propor
tions, and refuse under any circumstances to
•abate a oent on their demands. Many of the
landlords hgvp i|!so joined the army of ex
tortionists, and no.v that shelter is required
bv suffering humanity from the cold and
daipp, refuse to allow their vacant houses to
be occupied, except by payment, in advance,
of fabulous monthly rent. One small five
room cottage, in the West Division, which a
f;w days go could only have been rented lor
about twelve to fifteen dollars a month, could
not be hired yesterday under seventy five dol
lars a month, the landlord even congratula
ting the persons who took the cottage oft his
hands on having encountered so enterprising
and generous a man as he A hundred in
stances of this character can be quoted, but
the above will suffice to illustrate the base
ness of some specimens qt miscalled human
ity.— Chicago Journal,
The Wooden Pavement in Chicago
Tho Nicolson pavement, lias been especially a
Chicago institution. In the late conflagra
tion ari eye-witness says that they burned like
tinder—‘like pair ilium'’ would have been a
better phrase. The New York Journal of
Commerce says, "In the crowded pans of
Nejv Turk this pavement should be ripped up
at once, leaving us the security of solid, un
inflammable ground until a first-class stone
Davemeut can be laid.
The Election Result.—-The Chicago
calamity absorbed public attention last week
tosueh an extent that tlh; returns from the im
portant State elections hehl during the week
almost passed without, not use. Returns are
not vet complete, but those nHgady received
show republican majorities of 4(HW0 in Iowa,
16.000 hi Pennsylvania, and 22,O0fNin Ohiq.
In the latter State the Senate is reporfhA. to
be tie, while in the hnu-n the repbubliean*
have 13 majority. Tn California, full returps
giveBooih (rep.) 5,00S majority for Governor,
A Deluge in China.—There has been a
great flood at Tien Tsm. It is estimated
that 10 0 0 square miles were underwater,
which occasioned great suffering. There has
been terrible typhoons at. idqng Kong and
along the coast. Several vessels were lost,
and hundreds «f Chinese drowned The city
of (long gow j.s threatened lyith inundation.
LyNpuiiURt) Fag).—We see from oqp
Lynchburg exchanges, that a quanity of fine
cattle has arrived in that city for exhibition
at the fair, and from all accounts (lie fair
promises to be grand success. We should
think it would be well for the Agricultural
Association of Petersburg to see that, its dele
gates attend the Agricultural Association
of Petersburg to see that its delegates in
tone rho Lynnnhurg Fair and, if possible, in
due.', the cx.|ibitors thereto eou iuue'ih.iir irip
to tills oily with li .e stock.
Rye lias been more generally sown the lust,
year or two than formerly. It is really a
more profitable crop than wheat, as the straw
is of nearly as much value as the grain, and
there is always a good demand for both.—
Land too. not rich cue ugh for wheat will
produce a full crop of rye.
T1 e Shenandoah Democrat ,says that the
recent township meetings in that county
were such complete fizzles as to leave no
doubt in tlio mind of any sensible man, that
the people of that county will not support
a nominee unless he suits iheui in all respects.
Dr. II. M. Iieyser, of Page, is announced
as a candidate for the State Senate in the Dis
trict composed of the counties of Shenandoah
and Page. There are two other Candidates
—Gen. G S. Miller and Col. Sibert.
in the U. >S. District Court at Richmond.
Ige Underwood presiding the jury found
erdict on the Hid inst„ against Win
Iviblingcr late P. M. at Charlottesville
1 others, for $1 6il8 7()
Muj. IJeiley, ol FI'edurieksL.urg, membei
the last Legislature, has been nominated
the Conservative party for re-election
Mr. George Bouton has been uominated ai
the Conservative candidate for the House ol
delegates from Madison county.
Ex-Governor Robert M, Stewart, of Mis
souri, died at St. Joseph’s on the 21st in
stant.
13r.Lt/S iwii'i'ri UlL
Is the Best and Cheapest Linament in use. I
has never tailed to give satisfaction in a single in
stance.
it will cure Rheumatism, Spyp-ins, Frosted Feel
Saddle Galls, {Strains, Bruises, Outs, {Swellings o
all kinds, and every disease where an embiooatio
is a p‘p liable. Price 26 cents.
B£*jL.For sale by Druggists and all prominen
Storekeepers.
$5 Reward.—A small Green Bird (Ppraquet
escaped frejm its cage at Armcutrout Go,’
confectionery, on Wednesday, October 11th. Th
above reward will be paid to any oue who wi
catch aud deliver to Armentrout Co.
i f GST received a large assortment of the bes
City-made BUTTONED BOOTS for Ladle<
I j Misses and Children, at 0. L. WELLER S,
I jpav 4-tf Boot, Shoe, and Hat. Emporium.
THE AUGUSTA®€QJJN1Y FAIR.
Tournament ami Coronation.
Thursday, October ldih, 1871.
The Grand Tournament, will open on the Fair
Grounds, at 1 o’clock P. M. The T iling will
commence at 2 o’clock—sl;arp. The Coronation
ceremonies iu the Rotunda at 8 o’clock P. M.
precisely.
The Knights will appear iu costume. The
number from Augusta will he limited to twenty,
and Knights Irom abroad, not. exceeding twenty,
are challenged to join in the Tilt. Besides the
privilege of selecting the Queen of Love and
Beauty, it is proposal to bestow upon the suc
cessful Knight, tiie premium saddle as a gift tor
himself, and the premium side-saddle as a Coro
nation gift for his Queen.
The Charge to the Knights, and address to the
Queen, and Response, will be delivered by some
suitable persons.
Judges of the Tournament.
N K Trout, Sam’l B Finley, Col. C T O’Far
rel, SaiuT II Bell, Win B Galiaher, Col. J D II
Ross.
Chief Marshal—Capt. Lewis Harman.
Knights can on: oll themselves with the Chief
Marshal and with the Chief Manager. Col. J II
Shinner, any time before 2 o’clock Wednesday,
when a linal meeting of all the Knights will as
semble to adopt rules and terms of entrance*
Managers —Col. ,1 II Skinner, in Chief; Hon.
J B Baldwin, ex officio. (as President Wm A
Pratt, ex officio General J Echols. Hon. Hugh W
Sheffey. Col. A W Harman, Major II M Bell,
Mr. C Haile, Col. J D Lilly. Capt. T D Hanson,
Capt. C Grattan, C S Holer, Esq.. Capt. M W
D Hogshead, Col. J Marshall McOue, Chesley
Kinney, Esq.
Executive Committee.—Capt. C I) McCoy,
Hugh N Powell, Esq., Wm B McChcsuey, Esq.,
J Fred Kffi'mgpr. Esq., Meade F. Wjjite, Esq., to
have direction of Poticq and detail arrangements.
Lady Patronesses—Mistress G K Price, Lew
is Harman, John N Opie Win W Donaghe, Arch
Christian, W B Gallagher. P 1» Hogshead, John
B Baldwin. P II Trout, L W Bailey, Wm Fra
zer, J Marshall MqCue, Wm 4 Pratt, T D Kan
son.
Coronation ceremonies will commence at 8 P.
M Knights and their ladies in costume. Attir
ing rooms and attendants will be provided near
tlie Hall. Arrangements securing perfect order
have been made, and will be rigidly enforced.—
Doors open at 7 o’clock P. M;
Ex. Committee*
Tickets may be had of Mr. Cushing, General
Ticket agent, at Mowry’s office on Monday Oct.,
15, and after that at the fair grounds.
Price SI, admits 1 gentleman and 2 ladies,
Oct 12—St.
Marriages.
On Tuesday night, the 10th instant, at the res
idence of the bride’s parents, by the Rev. II. H.
Kennedy. Mr. John W. Utley und Miss S. C.
Siiuff—both of Staunton.
On the I2t.h instant, by Ilev Martin Garber,
?,lr. Henry F. Bouden and Miss Susannah
Grove, all of this county.
On October 5th, near Spring Hill.- by Rev. .7.
J. Engle, Mr. Albert Blu nt and Miss Rebec
ca Jones, all of Augusta.
On October Jtli fit Monumental church, Rich
mond. by Rev. George Wooslbridge, Mr. Pjkk
Powers of Stauntou. anl Miss Louisa Bull of
Richmond.
On Wednesday. 18th inst at the Virginia Ho
tel. by the Rev. W. E Baker, Dr. Harry Gilmer
o'. Balt., and Miss Maggie Lou Lange, of Augus
ta co.
Markets,
STAUNTON MARKETS, Oct 19.
Corrected every week by I*. II. IIooe Buo.
WHOLESALE PRICES.
Flour, Super.,.SOO,CO@ ST,00
Extra,. $00.00®
Family. $00,00® $8,00
Wheat... SI,40
Corn,. >^0
Oats,.45
llye, -80
Bacon—Hog round,. l°c
Lard...:•...15c
Bu MQr, .Ope 20c
Eggs,. 00® Jp
Corn Meal,. 00c
ga]tf. $3,00
Sugar—Brown,... l‘2e
Crushed,.10c
G ranulated,.....!0c
*f powdered,.:...]0c
Mo!ftSu;u...'.. 5D®$1,25
Tea—black,..
Green,.,,.....52,50
Flaxseed,.51/20
Zell’s Ammoniated Bone Super Fhosphate,......$G0
Plaster—ground...$11,00
RICHMOND MARKET.
Corrected every week by P. B. P. A. Sublett.
Flour—Super,.
Ext pa.
Family,.
Wheat, red,.
Wheat, white,
Corn,.
Oats.•.
Bacon—Hog round,
Lard.••••
Butter,
Etr
T aPow.
7.50®$ 0.00
8 00®,$ 0.00
0,00®$ 0.00
.$1 ,G5®1.75
.1,65® 1.75
,70
COc
..........12 ®00c
.7.13c
.20@c25
...24

Sp sc! ;i l No I i c es.
THE GHEAT MEDICINE OP TiSl? WUI^Ij.
Perry Davis Sou's I* \i>; Kn.t.nn.” may most
justly be si vied i he grout medicine of the world,
for there is n region of ike globe into which it
has not fount! its tvay, nod none where it ha-t not
long been largely used and highly prized. More
over, there is no e’inte to wliich it. has notjprovod
to he well a-lapted for the cure of a considerable
variety of diseases it i. a speedy and safe rem
edy for burns, scalds, cuts, bruises, wounds and
various other injuries, as well as for dysentery,
diarrhoea, and bowel complaints generally, it is
admirably suited for every raoe of men on tlu
face of (he globe.
It is a very significant fact, that notwithstnnd
ting tite long period of years that the "Pain Kil
tier” has been before the world, it has never lost
one whit, of its popular ly or sjiowp the least sign
of becoming unpopular; but on the contrary, the
call for it has steadily increased from its first dis
covery by that excellent and honored man. Perry
Davis, and at no previous times lias the demant
for it been so great, or tite quantity madebeen sc
largo, as it is this day.
Another significant fact is, that nowhere has
the Pain Killer ever been in higher repute, ot
been more generally used by families r.hd liidi
viduals. th»n it has been here at home where i
was first discovered and introduced, and whert
its proprietors. Messrs. Perry Davis Son. liavt
ever been held in high estoem. That the Pair
Killer will continue to be, what, we have stylet
it, the great medicine of the world, there cannot bt
thesbo-low of a doubt.—Providence Advertiser.
sept21—In-. ____
TRUST WIIAT TIME HAS SANCTIONED.
The maxim that the voice of the people is tin
voice of the divinity, may in some cases, be opej
to donbt, but the testimony of honest and enligiit
ened witnesses extending through a series o
years, anil all to the same "purport, is worthy n
credence, admits of no question: Upon such testi
rnotiv tite reputation of Hostetler’s Stomach Hit
ta-rs as an antidote and cure for many ailments i
based. During the twenty years that it has heei
before the world, innumerable preparations in
tended to compete with ft, have gone up like rock
ets. and 'come down like the extinguished sticks
Meanwhile the p-ogress of that incomparabl
tonic has been swilt and steady—always" ttpwtir
and onward like the. eagle's flight. Its introduc
tion produces a revolution in therapeuties, and 1
lias proved to be ouie of tiiose salutary revolution
that cannot go backwards. To day Hostetler’
Ritters is one of the most popular remedies i
Christendom, and commands a larger sale ilia
t any other medicinal preparation, domestic or inn
‘ported, on this side of the Atlantic. As a cut;
for dyspepsia, billions disordet s. nervoq? affec
tions. general debility, and as a preventive (if ep
t identic fevers, it takes precedence of every othc
1 remedy. This fact should teach the ambition
country dealers who endeavor to foist, their loci
t abortions on the public in its stead, how futi!
their small attempts to cajole the communit
must necessarily be. Where the game fish hav
failed there is no clpance for the "suckers."
s BUY AN’S PULMONIC WAFERS,
B are unfailing in the cure of. Coughs, Colds,. Asti
I ma, Bronchi.is, Sore throat, Hoarseness, Ditlicu
Breathing,'incipient consumption and Diseast
of the Lungs. They have no taste of medicin'
and any child will take them. Thousands ha;
1 he n restored to health thaj had before despairet
i Testimony given in hundreds of cases. A sing
dose relieves in Ten Minutes* Ask. tor Buyan
PvbMOftio Wafeps. July 27-1 y.
_ JL
Lega\ Uptices.
VTirciitia to Wit:
V At Rules held in the Cleik's Office of
Augusta County Court, Monday, October 2nd,
George Goiladay, Plaintiff,
Versus
John 11. Goiladay. Calvin Black and Rachael hia
wife and .lames C. Meeks and Margaret his ujife.
Defendants.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of this suit is to subject the interest
of the defendants, in the real estate of which the
late Jonathan Goiladay. died seized, to s«lc in
satisfaction of the claim of said plaintiff, against
them for contribution to make up the sum of
$215,87 cents paid by said plaintiff on the
29th day of August, 1871, in the discharge of a
decree rendered in the Circuit Court of Augusta
county, at the ^une Term. 1871, in the cause of
A. M. Bruce against the widow and heirs of said
Jonathan Goiladay, deceased.
It appearing from an affidavit filed in the pa
pers of this cause,"that the defendants John B.
Go.lad ay, and James Q Meeks and Margaret his
wife, are non residents of thg fctatc of Virginia:
On motion of the plaintiff’s Counsel, it is order
ed that they do severally appear here within one
month after due publication of this order and do
what is necessary to protect their interest in this
suit that a copy of this order be published in
one of the newspapers iu Staunton for four suc
cessive wee''s, and also posted at the front door
of the Court-house of this County, on the first
day of the next term of said Court.
A copy -Teste,
WILLIAM A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Fultz Fultz, p. q. oct 6-4t
\TIrgiiiia to Wit:
V At Rules held'in t*hc Clerk’s Office of Au
gusta County Court, Monday. October 2nd, 1871.
Judith Pag6 Rives, (formerly Walker) and Jane
Fiances Page, (formerly Walker,) Plaintiffs,
Versus
Lorenzo Shaw and Esteline M. his wife, Milton
Brooks, John M. Carr and Sarah E. his wife, An
na Brooks. Samuel Brooks, Anneline Brooks,
Addiscq Rrooks, Temple Coons and Ann E. his
wife, anf} Jno D. Brooks in his own right and as
Executor of Wm. Brooks, heirs, devisees and
Executor of Wm. Brooks, ejec’d. Defeniaptg.
IN chancery.
The object of this suit is to subject the laud
purchased by and assigned to said Wm. Brooks,
deceased, from Rives and Page, to the vendor's
lien for unpaid purchase money.
It appearing from an affidavit filed in the pa
pers of this cause, that the defendants John M.
Carr and Sarah E Ills wife, Anna Brooks, Samu
el Brooks, Anneline Brooks, Addison Brooks,
Temple Ce-o^s and Ann E. his wife and John D
Brooks are non-residents of the State of Virgin
ia On motion of the plaintiff’s counsel.it is
ordered that they do severally appear here with
in one month after due publication of this order
and do what is necessary to protect their interest
in this suit, that a copy of this order be published
in one of the newspapers in Staunton for four
successive weeks, and also posted at the front
door of the Court-house of tins County on the
first day of the next term of said Court.
A copy—Teste,
WM. A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Micliie Michie, p. q. oot 5-4t
VIRGINIA.—County Cou t Clerk’s Office of
Augusta County, in Vacation, October 4th,
1871.
Hugh W Slieffey and Hugh W. Sheffey and
James Bumgardner. Jr partners under the style
of Sheffey Bumgardner, Plaintiffs,
vs
George W. Livick, Henry Livick, John Gordon
and Sarah, his wife, T. F. II Keller and Frances,
his wife. Mary Livick, Sarah fjyick, anfj Peter
Livick, Andrew J. Livick, John Livick, Eva Liv
ick and Angeline Livick, the Inst named five ‘be
ing infant (hy Win. A. Burnett, their Guardian
ad litem) children of Andrtw Livick, deceased,
ar»‘j personal representative of said Andrew Liv
ick, deceased, and Michael Livick, Def’ts.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of this suit is to recover from the
defendants the sum of $753 p2 due to the plain
tiffs, and it appearing by affidavit made and filed
that the defendant, Mary Livick, is j}ot a resi
dent of this State, the said defendant is required
to appear within one month after due publication
of tiiis order, in the Clerk's office of our said
Court, and do what is necessary to protect her
interest.
A copy—Teste,
WM. A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Meade F. White, for complainants. oct 5-4t
■anrliSGIXIA
A{ a Court held for the County of Bath,
at the Court House, thereof, on Monday, the 2nd
fduy of Qptober, 1871.
1; being suggested to the Court that the Presi
j dent and Directors of the Millboro’ and Warm
Springs Turnpike Company, have abandoned the
said Road, to Wit: Commencing at Millboro’
Depot, on the Virginia Central Railroad (now the
Che apeake and Ohio Railroad) in Bath county,
to intersect the Warm Bprings Mountain Turn
pike at or near Mrs, Brinkley’s, in said Cfftmty:
it. is ordered that the fact of such abandonment,
and notice thereof is hereby required to be given,
by advertisement in the Valley Virginian” a
newspaper printed in the Town of Staunton, once
a week for eight successive weeks, and posted on
the front door of the Court-House of this county,
upon some court day, and of the intention of
J this Court to take charge of the said Road, and
that if, after the lapse of three months from the
date cf the first appearance of said advertise
<nent, the said Turnpike Company shall not have
I proceeded to repair and keep up said road, thifj
Court will lake possess qo of the same. that. Sur
veyors may be a;:>| minted, and hands assigned
thereto, the saidVoad treated in all respects
as a County Real.
A copy—Teste,
oct 12-8t WM. II. McDANNALD, Clerk.
VlUGISIp
v At Rules held in the Clerk’s Office of the
Circuit Court for Bith County, on Monday, the
2nd day of October, 1871.'
John II Welclon, P^intiff,
Against
Nancy Weldon, widow and relict of William J.
WclJon, deceased, Charles Weldon, David G.
Clock and Annie his wife, late Annie Weldon,
William Redner and Caroline his wife, late Caro
line Weldon, Defendants.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of this suit is to of.tain a Decree fpr
the sa]e of the Real Estate o{5 'which the safcl
William J. Weldon, died seized. And the defen
dant, Charles Weldon, not having entered his ap
pearance, and it appearing by satisfactory evi
dence that, he is not an inhabitant of the Com
monwealth pf Virginia: ft is ordered that he dc
appear here with in one month after due publica
tion of this order and do wliat is necessary tc
protect his interest in the premises.
A copy—Teste,
Tsrrill, p. q.
WM. II. McDANNALD, Clerk.
oct 1*2-41
V/IRGOU
1 At Rules held in the Clerk's Office of Hit
Circuit Court of Bath County, on Monday, th<
2nd day of October, 1871.
James Smith, John Smith, Robert Smith, anc
Samuel Smith, Plaintiffs,
Against
Robert P. Williams, Administrator of Join
Smith, deceased, Adam G. Cleek, Robert B. Ma
theny, John M. Bratton and Mary Jane his wife
James Grove, Rebecca Grpve and Martha A
prove, Defendants.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of t his suit, is to make distributioi
of the personal estate of the said John Smith
deceased, among the heirs qt law of said intea
The defendant, Robert. P. Williams, not Itavinj
entered his’appearance at Rules, aiid it appear
ing by affidavit filed in tliis cause that he is no
a resident of the State of Virginia: Itisordere<
that lie do appear here within one month afte
due publication of this order and do what is ne
cessary to protect his interest.
1 ‘A cony—To,Me,
WM H. McDANNALD, Clerk,
’fcrrill McAllister, p q. oct 12—4fc
SHAFER 4& CO.,
New Photograph Gallery,
MAIN STREET, STAUNTON, VA.
Having fitted up a Gallery oyer M. f. Funle
hoitser’s Btore, we will make nil styles of Fliote
graphs known to t)ie Art. Also,' Gem picture
made and finished in a short time. All old pie
turns will be copied in the best style. Call an
leave your impression and we will furnish you
speaking likeness oi ’yourself.
oct 5-tf J. 15. SIIAFER CO.
ANE> WINTER q«?ODS
fjlFvS. M. E. FAGAN SISTER, will cor
the business as formerly, and are naw'receiv
h'audsome and carfiftil’y selecled'st'ock of
Milliucry autl Fancy Goods
A cordial invitation is exteneled to
and examine thrm. i:
all to
Cf! 12
Commissioner’s Notices.
oinmissioner’a Sale of Tallin
blc fiVllltl.—By virtue of a decree o
the Circuit Court of Augusta county, rcndcre
on the 17th day of June, 1871, in the suit o
Howry’s widow and ills. vs. Mowry’s heirs, &c.
the undersigned as special Commissioner1 therei:
named, vyill proceed to sell at public auctioij, pi
he premises, on J
FRIDAY, THE 22ND OF SEPTgMBEfy,
a valuable tract of land containing 322 ACRES
lying about 7 miles East of Staunton, on tin
New Hope road, it being known as the hour
farm of Geo. IV. Mowry, deceased, and the sann
upon which his widow resides.
This is one of the best farms in Augusta coun
ty—the land of excellent quality, well enclosed
and in a fine state'of cultivation. It has upon i
a fine Briclc Mansion IIouzs, a good Lara and at
other necessary out buTUTnco.
TERMS OF SALE.—Enough cash in ipind. t>
pay costs of sale, and the residue in four equa
annual payments from day of sale, the purchase!
executing his bonds with approved personal se
curity for the deferred payments, and the title
retained us ultimate security.
G M. COCHRAN, Jr.,
ug 21-td3 Commissioner.
Postponentcnl.—The above sale hat
been postponed till FRIDAY, the 20th day ot
OCTOBER. Geo, M. Cochran; Jr..
oct5-tds Commissioner.
fjoiiimisnioiirr's Nolife.
To Janie; G. Patterson. Administrator,
n. n. N. c. T. a. of John Conner, deceased, Plain
tiff, and Rudolph Turk, Administrator of -Mar
tha IV Conner, deceased, Cyrus B. Conner, Aman
da Conner, Lydia Conner, Sainual Lutz, Eliza
beth N. his wife, Rebecca Conner, M. II. McCue,
late Sheriff of Augusta county, and as such. Ad
miuistrator of the estates respectively of John
Conner. Sally Conner, Caty Conner, and Mary
Conner, deceased; and-and———un
known children and heirs of James Conuer, de
ceased, Defendants, iu a certain suit in Chancery
now depending in the Circuit Court of Augusta
County—
TAKE NOTICE, that on MONDAY, the 6th
day of NOVEMBER. 1871, I shall, in pursuance
of two orders entered in sa!u sijit, by shift C'qqrt,
proceed at my office'in Staunton,
1st. To take, state and settle the Administra
tion account of James G. Patterson, as Adminis
trator, n. B. n. c. t. a. of John Conner, deceased.
2nd To ascertain and report the manner in
which the estate shall be distributed the rights
of the parties thereto what personal estate, if
any. belongs to the estate of said decedent; what
rents and profits are duo end if any from whom.
Given under my hand as Commissioner in Chan
cery for said Court this 3rd day of October,
1871.
J. W. GREEN SMITH,
oct 5-4t Commissioner.
CCommissioner’s Sale of Valuable
J Land near Staunton.
By virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court of
Augusta County, entered June loth. 1871. in the
suit of McMahon and others vs. Nunan and'otfi
erst the undersigned Commissioner, appointed by
said decree, will proceed upon the premises, on
TUESDAY, the 10th dav of OCTOBER
next, at eleven o’clock, a. ci. to sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, tlie several t.aofs
owned by John Nunan, and constituting tlife
tract on which he resides, containing'’ together
about 310 Acres, 2 Roods and 23 Poles.
Tiiis land lies on the Stapnlon and Middlebrook
road, about three mijes from Staunton, adjoining
the lands of Henry Harrison, C. C. Francisco and
others, and is most desirable property.
Persona desiring to examine tlie land will ap
ply to Mr. Nunan on the premises, or to the un
dersigned.
TERMS OF SALE.
Cash in hand sufficient to pay the costs of suit
and sale, and for the balance on credits of one,
two and three xears, with interest from the day of
sale, for which bonds, with good personal securi
ty will be required, and a lien retained on the
property as ultimate security.
JOHN ECHOLS,
sept 7-tds Commissioner.
The above sale is postponed until TUESDAY
the 31st day of OCTOBER. oct 5-tds
poimnissionor’s Notice.
v_y’ To Hugh L. Gallaher, .^ohn E. King, James
E Erviiiqi SjjmpeJ D. |5ruoks, {Ienry II. Peck,
Administrator of Alexander Patterson, deceased,
Sarah S. Patterson, (widow), Joseph A. Patter
son, and the following named infants, James L.
Patterson, Hetty E. Patterson, Rebecca S. Pat
terson, Samuel M. Patterson, Emily L. Patterson,
and William Patterson, and Joseph N. Ilyin, their
Guardian ad litem, being parties plaintiffs and de
fendants in two certain suits now depending in
Chancery in the Circuit Court of Augusta, under
the styles of Gallaher vs. Brooks, and al— a^d of
Patterson and al vs Patterson’s Administrator—
and to all persons whomsoever interested.
Take Notick, that on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of NOVEMBER, 1871. at my office *n Staunton.
I shall, in pursuance of a j’oint Order made in said
suits, proceed to take, state and settle the follow
ing accounts, viz:
1st. Of the administration of H. II. Peck, late
Sheriff, &c., and as such, Administrator of Alex
ander Patterson, deceased.
2nd. Of the liens upon the real estate of said
decedent with the order of their priorities.
3rd. Of the title of said real estate.
4th. or all outstanding debts against the estate
of said decedent.
5th. Of the assets of said estate, and
6th. Of llife qaslC value of the dowter of the
vadow of said decedent.
’At which time and place you are required to at
t-epcj; and all creditors, whomsoever, of the saiu
Alex mder Patterson. deed and likewise required
to attend and file with the undersigned proper
evidence of your claims.
Given under my hand as Commissioner ol
said Court, this 9ih day of October, T871.
J. W. GREEN SMITH,
oct 12 4t Commissioner.
Commissioner's Office.
To all parties, Plaintiffs and Defendants.
in the Chancery suit now depending in the Cir
cqit Court of Augusta, under the style of Antho
ny s Administrator, &c., vs. Anthony, &c., andt(
all persons whomsQpyej; Interested in said suit.
Take notice, that on Monday, the 13th day o
NOVEMBER, 1871, in pursuance of an ordei
made in said suit, at the June Term off said Court
A. D. 1871, I shall at my office in Staunton, pro
cecd to take, state and settle the following ac
counts, viz:
1st. Qf ihe dealings of Jacob Beck, as Admin
istrator of F. R. Anthony, deceased,with the es
tatcof his intestates.
2nd. Of the debts against the estate of sale
decedent, with their respective priorities and dig
nities.
3rd. Of the commuted value of the dower in
terest of Sarah Anthony in the thirty acre trac
of land in the bill mentioned.
4th. Qf the acting and doings of Jacob Beck
Commissioner of sale to sell said tract' of land.
At which time and place'all’parties are requir
ed to attend, as also all creditors of ilie said F. R
Anthony, deceased, who are further required
then and there, to file with the undersigned prop
er evidence of their claims.
Given under njy hand as Commissioner of sai
Court, tills 5th day of October, 1871.
J. W. GREEN SMITH,
oct 12—4t Commissioner.
]^EW
«i«Q3>S.
f have now store full of
CHOICE NEW GOODS,
3 which I woulJ call the attention of my friend
and the communDy.
My stoc1: of
IRESS GOODS, SHAWLS, FURS AND FANC
AR11CLES,
the largest f.nd handsome-'! that it has ev<
een my pleasure to offer, and, ndlwi'thstanc
ng the large advance ill mr,,1'y kinds of gotid
fill be sold at the old prices,
oci 5-3t DAVIS A. KAYSEB.
VXT1SXIAM II- GOKMAX
VY Ha’s just vein i’Tcd a supply of
Nos. 1 and 2 Mackerel in Kits,
Mess Sliad in Kits,
New Salmon in Kits,
Fresh Salmon in Cana.
New Cod Fish and Labrador Herring,
An extra article of Cheese put up"in l6 Root
aekages; for family use’, also, found 'cheese 1
ae box or smaller quantities,"kept always
and. A supply of Family” Groceries, Vvgtf
ies. Non-explusive Coal-oil and Glassware,
.ichmoncl prices, Main street, liext to ma’vbl
ard. 9?t ^-3t
oux ocoxxysi,
Mattress Maker.
Jattresscs made to order and old ones venov
in a.uuaima.uliltO-nianricr,and at the very lo'
rates. Satisfaction guaranteed.
)rders left with IV. H. Gorman will recej
unpt attention.
p JOHN O'CONNER
opt T t f•
Miscellaneous.
The only reliable ijffFt Dijttibutiou in tho count i t I
$60,000 do
IN VALUABLE GIFTS!
ft) BE DISTRIBUTED IN
L. D. SI INTERS
152ml REGULAR MONTHLY
IFT J^TSTTIEIRFIR.ISE.,
To be drawl', Monday, N„v. 27tb, 1871.
TiyO &R.AND CAPITALS OF
$5000 cacti in Greenbacks I
Two Pfikes S 1,000;
I Fivk Tuizes $500 S
j Tin Frizes $100 5
WHOLE NUMBER OF CASH GIFTS, 1,0001
1 Horse and Buggy. with Silver-mounted H«r*
r.ese, worth $SO0!
One Fine toned Rosewood Tinno, worth $500
T-.n Family Sewing Machines, worth $1(0 each t
five Item>/ Cased Gold Hunting Watches and Heavy
Gold Chains, worth $300 each
Five Gold American Hunting Watches, worth
$125 each 1
Ten Ladies’ Gold Hunting Watches, worth $10C
on ch 1
(6
REEN3ACKS!
800 Gvld and gilver Lever Hunting Watches (in uit\
worth from $20 to $300 each.
Lad es’ Gold Lvoatine Chains, Gent’s Gold Vest
Chains, Silver-plated Castors, Solid Silver and
Double-Plated Table and Teaspoons, Ivory-Iian
dled Dinner Knives, Silver plated Dinner Forks,
Silver Vest Chains, Photograph Albums," Cadies’;
Gold Breast Pjps and Ear-rings,' Gents’ Gold
Breastpins. Sliirt Studs and Sleeve Buttons, Fin
ger-rings, Gold Pens, (silver extension.) etc.
Whole number Gifis, 6,000. Tickets limited
to 60,000.
AGENTS WANTED to Self Tickets, to whole
Liberal Preiniams will be |>aid.
Single Tickets $1 Six Tickets $5 Twelve
Tickets $10; Twenty five Tickets $20.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a de
scription of the manner of drawing, and other
information iu reference to the Distribution, will
bo sent to any one ordering them. All letters
must be addressed to
orricB, L. I). SINE, Box 86,
101 W. 5tli St., Cincinnati, O.hio.
sept 28-tnov 21-r
TIUNEftCIMHSIEI!
PRICE, #5.50.
Tlie American Washer Saves Mon
gy. Time, and Drudgery•
The Fatigue of Washing no Longer I)read
qd) but Economy* 'Efficiency', and Clean
Clothing, Sure.
In calling public attention to this little machine,
a few of the invaluable qualities, (not possessed
by any other washing machine yet invented.) are
here enumerated.
It is the smallest, most compact, mo3t portable,
most simple in construction, most easily opera
ted. A child ten 3’ears old, with a few hour*’
practice, can thoroughly comprehend and eifeetu
ally use it. There is no adjusting, no screivs tb
anuoy, no delay in adapting! It is always ready
for use 1 It is a perfect little wonder! It is
miniature giant, doing more work and of a better
quality, than the most elaborate and costly. On*
half of the labor is fully saved by its use, and
the clothes will last one-half longer than by :h'3
old plan of the rub board. It will wash the lar
gest blanket. Three shirts at a time, washing
thoroughly In a worcl, t|ie ablution of any fab
ric, from a Quilt to a Lace Curtain or a Canibrio
Handkerchief, are equally within the capacity of
this LITTLE GEM! It can be fastened to any
tub and taken off at will.
No matter how deep rooted a prejudice may
exist against Washing Machines, the moment this*
little machine is seen to perform its wonders, all
doubts of its cleansing efficacy and utility are
banished, and the doubter and detractor at o*2e
become the fast friends of the machine.
We have testimonials without end, setting forth
its numerous advantages over all others, and
from hundreds who have thrown aside the uty:
wieldly, useless machines, which have signally
failed to accomplish the object promised in prom
inent and loud sounding advertisements.
It is as perfect for washing ns a wringer is for
wringing. The price another paramount induce
ment to purchasers, has been placed so low that
it is within the reach of every housekeeper, and
there is no article of domestic economy that will
repay the small investment so soon.
$5.50.
All that is asked for this GREAT LABOR S.^
VER, is a fair trial. We guarantee each machine
to do its work perfectly.
Sole Agents for the United States.
A- H. FRANCISCUS 00
hi8 JJavkflt St., Philadelphia', La.
The largest and cheapest WOODEN WARE
HOUSE in tiie United States. oct E-3m
LEATHUDj Shoe Tip qVs and §hoe Findings,
for sale by N. B. HENDRY,
at Shoe Factory,
Augusta street, opposite the Court-house,
may 1 l-tf
MARVELOUS tISI,
Men’s §i;c;es for Si,30 at
J. W NEWTON’S.
Ladie’s Morocco Shoes, from 1,85 to $3;
Ladie’s Lasting Gaiters, from 1,75 to $3,50, at
J. W. NEWTON’^.
Men’s Boots, 2,50 to $5, at
J. W. NEWTON’S.
Pins, 5c; Needles, 5c paper;
2 Spools Cotton for 5c, at
J. W. NEWTON’S.
Linen Handkerchiefs, ]Oc;
Ladle’s Hose, 3 pair, 25b, at
J. W. NEWTON’S.
Beautiful sets Jet Jewelry for 25c, at
J. W. NEWTON’S.
t Tortoise-shell and Jet Bracelets,
for only 25 cents, at
l W. NEWTON’S.
Calicoes 10 and 12J cents, bleached and brown
cotton, lj) to gp’oents; dress goods, factory’
cloth, and an endless variety of other articles,
at prices in proportion to the above. Remem*'
ber at J. W. NEWTON’S,
1 Augusta street, one door from Spectator OGoe.
]\/f f Ilinery!
itj illiiicn J
FALL AND WINTER,
18 7 1.
Ladies, j ou arc respectfully requested (q ea](.
and ‘'famine the beautiful Fall and'Wiht.er Styled
of HATS. BONNETS, FRENCH FLOWERS,RUN
BONS, FEATHpRSj, VELVETS, &c. We intend
this departmeiilrfo No second to none in the city.
Thankful for past favors, we hope to see you
early and often at "J."W. NEWTON S
bet 5-tf Variety Store, Augusta street.
r
i.
d
J
n
t
tt
s
OO.v
(In new buildinjc, corner of Main JTAugustu st».,)
ST^N-XJlSTTQlSr,
hajein store a full stock of
SLIItiOL HOOKS AND SCHOOL
SUPPLIES,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS,
pr.AVKK I> HYMN BilOKS,'*
Fttthily and Picket Bibles,
FOKE1 fiS A5fl> DOMESTIC
STATIONERY;
all theiatest stvlcs.
LIBERAL DISCOUNT $Q SIIKIS-:
AK13 TEACHERS.
Orders wilt, reemeeprompt attention. An;/
Book nr article in our hue, not on hand, wiil
fye ftinushcd \i‘t short notice.
re
j
CATALOGUES SENT’FBEE ON APPLICATION
FULL STOCK OF BOOKS
UBed in the Public Schools iv Augusta aud
jaeenLCounties, os Hand.
Address,
III X TE It At Cp.,