hRirlimonil Commit
\ViT>NEST>AY NOVEMBER 22, IS"'.
WASHINGTON.
fr ux A NT> THF. UNITKO STATF.S.
^trnnspiieAilnt our relations with
n' wmi?* uiplcas:?ot complications,
1 Jtu i i< rc-uit*. Aside from the pond-
.v., it v on or the conduct ot the span*
V.isei-ils' towaid* the American vessel
riJl Port an Piincc.the author- 1
?>t Muiiid. as announced by cable,
vc had tin ir attention called, tbr(?"8jj
s >i, k!e<, to the promises made to j
inmeut, more than a year aco, to
th,t U the United States would
v A r 7.C the Cuban insurants Spain
Vi -Vo. d to t he Cubans t he same pnvi- i
nVn;:nit lo that were granted the
oi (;t her Spanish provinces, i
1 r'.?ni?? made, it is remembered, oy
i?, 'iu to Minister Sickles bas not
w n :uUil!ed, but b:? been persist
V.. i. (>cea>i"U bas repeatedly
v w inch the attention of this Go-;
i hns i en e died to this state ot at-
!j jv now underMood that it Is
s> o:i/vMt at diplomatic correspond- j
s u :,^:njicn tcksram? Baltimore
VrnF.KXn.OM* COMMISSION. j
h ve be< n ?oine changes in the lis!
\vinmi~;oners for the Southern
V Yuiuii-->011. Tbose tor j
?h \S J rn'.isan'..-, liichmond W U
st-mntoa. and baric* j
''s 'viv\L-Z<ta, in Baltimore Hun.
,J: N 7 PI C1MON r.v THE srrusME covkt
?.F 1 i; K I'Mll'.P STATES. t
oi <nnth r?. Mason. apvignee j
"klU; :?upr 1 from the Supieme
t,i ih e I >i>i s i'-r ??i Columbia, die j
!h :t in *.uinm try proceeding in
the bankruptcy court i.- \\Uu*|
i to a ijudiv'ate the rights in-!
I mtrovcrsv, but should put
l:vs contestant to* their feinedies at
v, r iu cquitv, and that in such a ease,
He buikruptev court bad assuraeu
...incite t'uc right. and bad unified
libit: ion ol" a tun.! claiincd by the
1 -Ve and others and an appeal was
\.~n to the couit in bane, the litter
r-t tried in eonsiderii g the merits and
.vi-in- a (iitlercnt disposition of tho
t ut instead hem t should li.i\e it*
,'.t d :he case to the bankruptcy court
,;ion> it* fiocn d no tuithci t-uni
but to put t lie parties to their
i- US above staled.
TUK TOPACC ISTiEKST.
t ibiCvO m? reliant so! Cincinnati hav?
i d a nu mori.ii to Mr. Israel i^'m*
hit l I the toi'accn division of Itio
n'.i IU V. uue Departmeut at Wachius;
v.l. cli tluy suy concern in k the pro
it iul' option of a uniform tax on to
ih:;t s the propo>ed advance ot t Lie
x .11 the lower grades
uppo.-e an advance of this tax as a
ol i're tt inju^t ice to the laboiers
:"hi. land', who are almost alone
i nn "1 1 his tuba "CO. c esn sto
Me i ea.-on why. when the burdens
x ion are t>ein^" generally removed
the weli-to ti'1 ?>r opulent el ;s-e>. tb.it
ii thf n-">r man'-- p:l>e. certainly one ot
<t o*t ruinforts and most innocent
r-ir-.i-mlos pleasure it should be ic
i l u om three to live or six bundled
<f "iiul this at a ime when. oi\ ii'ji
r c Cnl.'ineed value of the currency and
','i mil. >bed volume of bis income, it is
t t j i y neurlv dvubie to what ii Nvasj
ten tir-t imposed. J.
i j;,- advance of this tr.x would also do i
ri t" .ill the grower? and de.uv rs
i.'hVeco In t'.i- region ot couu'ry,
>t dest rov the market tortbolovver.
!v.;l and tin>'i It would lead to
umetiiate agitation lor reduction, wliicU
,ui y tiiiuo u lit ii accoinidished, .iwU
il u *ire o> tin tie paitiueut for st.a- 1
;:v'ofV.x, and l.eep liie uiarkets man
ivr-ain and exe.ted condition." _
T!.,. mi morial i* signed by thf; leading j
u co de;.kis and manidaclureis iaUn-|
rosr-orricn affairs. I
u'iinia A. itiubie U appointed
'i t-'t-r nt l?r.ii;'ion, lVinee Oooige
v. Va.^ ice Vv* Ilia m ii. Urockway,
._-i eti Herman Louge i appointed ?t,
1 Hil?> mdoiiu county, v a., vice
i;. eh;.mb[in, re>igu.d; iitlW
ivs i> appointed at i'enn Store,
.'i ilk county, vice Ccorf,e W. I mmy,
(?MMT.r.crAL Tk avelleks. The case of!
is Ward, *.r New Jersey, ag;iin-t the j
Maryland, writ of error i'i otn tliej
1 '-.ul l Appe ds of Maryland, i-? as-imied j
irrni' in to chv in the Supreme Court 1
5 I'.vitd S'ales, in Wellington, on j
i. <i <:i of AMorcoy-Geneial Jones for I he 1
ind M. vat ts, i?s(j., for the j
:.i i: i?]' isi error. Tais Miit is carried lip;
iin northern in inula .'Hirers, &e., to
i'i.- constitutionality of the law of. Ma-]
j '."iilii bit inj* anents of foreign iuur-
i to sell floods by sample, cards, I
isi i.'ns Sf.te. The decision of the Su
<>tut will settle tlie 1 r.v not onlv lor,
a tut for all the states#? Haiti'
?o\ Sun.
No KrKi.rx in Vikginia. The Stare ofti
r- ii jjitiiu have written to the Kuklux
ii.in t* t inresp 'U>e to their impii. iesas
ii:e condition of affairs in that Slate.
J'rf.i.i il.cir letters ii would appear that.
v-;\tiimu' \v:;> hercite. in tint Nate tint
Mate dcht h::d r.ot increased save Irom
liinjtr ini' H >t, and that iberetueno ku
ixwithm i In- holders of the Old Doini-
:o a Baltimore A m erican
I>KKrrivi; Insurance Policies.? The
r. da i Iphiu Li dger saj Our attention
within a tew been culled to ;i de
ive we will not say di -honest? form of
':--v >..id to he in use t>> Mtinc eastern and
.v Yotk companies, in which the good,
l-ia hioned words, 'thy receipt whereof i
if i -by acknowledged.' are omitted. We I
ini.Tiued by one iu the business that j
in.-urance companies, in their great j
-in- lor htj.-mess, <;ivc credit to insurance j
-ni-.. who, neglecting to hand over the!
iiiiuni ht fore lo.-s occurs, payment is re- 1
i ?'ii t'V the .o:np my on the plea thatt&ei
in :;m had n. ver brcn received. The]
.i -i !iu- in.-uu'd purchase the chances
i ir? .?.--nit, and In two instmices at least,
mlormiint -:?ys, to iiis own knowledge,
.!;ti 'iii' patt live years, suits arising from
ot the kind* b<e alluded to Lave
?.1 decided agaiust th underw riters,
?y one i>if?eu:inir a policy of insurance
.id carefully read it."
?i;cii eases would i.ol staud lorn; in
I -':-j
Great Snow-Stokm is* tub Northwest.?
nofm November 20 sleet and snow
in which commenced here Friday noon
nt it wed until Sunday morning, and ex
I over the whole country from the
l.v Mountains to the Missouri river.
ry thing was covered with a coating of
yy c, causiu? th" prostration of the
i h line. The Union Pacific trains
e nj v>- bound at different points be
>-i u Cayenne and Ouiaha. The storm
p ?rt? ?l" h; ill more severe in .Southern
i Western Colorado.
Scotch olonies in the Northwest.?
/'on/, November 20.? Lord Gordon, of
?t and, a gentleman ol lu'ge wealth, has
e.c-:n])Ietea an extensive tour through
north west i.-i the interest of organized
ii-'rutiDii ii >in Sco'laud. lie purchased
towii-bips of loud Irom the Northern
.ci tic Company in western -Minnesota for
ige M.-oti.-h eolonv, a j?ortioo of whom
ve already arrived w itu many line tho
i >ng!ibr?*d cattle, de.-i^niug to ensjage in
k-raising. 'i're Northern Pacific Com
l' >ny have adopted a permanent policy of
r. iii^- free over their ruad all settlera and
i iiii.-ts w ho purehafe land of the colu
i?anv. The same corporation is now or
.'iiizui?a system of planting forest trees
1 1 "Ugh ilw i?-airic regions traversed by its
w r.j.ias.
eolli-.ion occurred on the Ohio and
"IjsM&sippi railroad near Osgood, Ind.,
v.t day, between two freight trains. A
ruber of cars containing live stock were
wrecked. 'Ihe only" person severely in
a?:d was the engineer, who had an arm
i vken.
'Hi e grand jury at Chicago have closed
ir labors by endorsing and commending
t!:- action of ilayor Mason iu calling Gene*
ShetidAU to his aid during the lire, and
thanking that officer also lor his aid.
VIRGINIA NEWS.
IjC tt?r from Potcrnbarff.
Correspondence of the Richmond Dl?p?tch.
PKTEnSBtTRO, November 21.
A meeting of the corporators of tho pro.
no^ed Petersburg and North Carolina, rail
road has been called to be held in this city
on tbe 7th of December. Ihe call Is signed
bv several of the corporators and bra num
ber of Influential citizens of this city and
Dimviddio countx. An effort will be made
to revive the entci prise to secure the codp*
eration anS ^sistanee of the city (once
already rcfnscd-the issue being preset i ed
in the shape of a corporation subscription
of ?200,000). and to do what nwy peneniHy
seem expedient to construct the line. Ihe
road would establish a very important com
munication, and charters for the organiza
tion of a company to build it have been
already granted by the Legislatures of tr
ginia and North Carolina. The road is to
run through Brunswick and Mecklenburg
counties, and will touch the North Caro
lina line somewhere in the neighborhood ot
Greensboro'.
The news of the death of Colonel 3Inr
mnduke Johnson was received herewith
sincere regret. 31 r. William R.Johnson,
brother of the deceased, is one of our most
prominent and popular citizens, and his
family have in their bereavement the warm
sympathy of our people.
'Ctticor Charles, who recently shot a
negro earned Charles Robinson, who re
hired to be arrested, was to-day examined,
and lionorablv discharged and reinstated
upon the police f.?rce. The necro was iden
tified as an ex-penitentiary convict, and Is
known as a dangerous and desperate charac
ter lie had frequently sworn he would
nc\or allow himself to be arrested again,
and went about armed to make good his
resolution.
It seems likelv that Rev. Donald Ross
will be called to the permanent charge
of tbe. Washington-Street Presbyterian
chuich. He has made a most favorable
Impression.
Rev. N. W. Wilson, of your city, w to
nreach every night this week at the First
Baptist ehtircb here. 3Ir. Wilson enjoys
a high reputation among our people for
abilhv and eloquence.
I V icfrc'ihini! revival of religion is in pro
gress at the B\ roe-Street Baptist church,
i There have been about twenty -five con
l^The rain has been falling drearily to-flay.
Robin Adaih.

1 Without Monfs and Without Price.?
On Sunday morning the Rev. 31r. Okeson
1 made an announcement which afforded us
?'i*eat satisfaction. an;' we hasten to give it(
a wide publicity in the hope that the new
Uvst'in about to be inaugurated may be
1 ger.eruilv followed in all churches and by all
denominations where tho pews arc owned
or rente'.! by the congregation.
i He stated from the chancel that certain
members et his flock had consented to
verve every Sunday morning as ushers to j
i show strangers to seats and that during!
1 the afternoon services the whole body ot St.
Paul's woukl be thrown open to the public
with ?ut ie>erve.
Tliis is a move in the rieht direction, and
I t lie first really firm step in favor ot a
krek cuur.cn which has fallen uivler our
notice in Norfolk, although we have heard
the subject frequently discussed. 1 hat
such a church, nay, that such churches
?lie needed, is well known to every o>
s^rvant man who is a studeut of tbe wants
ot bis fellows; and we feci satisfied that
great numbers will so r>n respond to the in*
vil ut ion wliicb the rector oi St. i'uui s luis
extended.
Hundreds of persons whose education
ami inclination would carry tbeni to cbuiea
with admirable regularity are unable to
purchase or even rent pews, i?nd shrink
from being pensioners on their f' lends, Oi.
trusting to t lie courtesy oi strangers.
But where the Gospel can be heard with- j
out money and without price tins class will
be found. Nor will tliev empty-handed
either, i'hev cannot afford a large expendi
ture bi't in proportion to their m tans it
wul be found that they give more tban the
neb from their abundance.
This, however, is not the point. The
Ambassadors of God were sent to preach
his Word to all the world, and alas that
we should say it all the world cannot find
the wherewithal to pay lor this inestimable
Mewinc. The earnest preacher, ot who?e
announcement we spt-ak, even at the hazard
of wouudiug his modesty, has set a goo.
example, which we trust will be followed
hv all congregations where the seats are oc
cupied by private holders. For il am thing
should be as free to man as the air and 1 \\a
ter. that tliuig is religion and the "U1 e n
like the liort at the wea.l'Misupijer.sho M
bring in the lame, anil the halt, and the
blind, from the hedges and highways ol so
ciety," with a wise generosity and a persist
on! "benevolence. Holding these opinions*,
we have ventured to turn aside a moment
from the t .pics we ordinarily ebseuss to acid.
our humble aid to this wise ellort in avo
of the J'ree church system.? A orfolk \v
tjinian. _______
A Lamp Explosion.? The residence of a
gentleman :ii the corner of Church and
Twel'th streets nanowlr eseaped destruc-'
lion about 8# o'clock Monday nicht from
I the explosion of a petroleum lamp. A
[gentleman who happened to be standing
j on the corner heard the explosion and the
alarm given by the family, and hastened
insi.;iiitly to their relief, lie succeeded in
ext inguishing the ffunes before any mate
rial injury was done. The cause" of the
explosion is not known, as the lamp was
on a sideboard in an unoccupied room.
The oil with which the lump was filled was
what is known as non-explosive petroleum
fluid.? Lynchburg Republican.
The Old C amnionic calth, published in
Harrisonburg, says that ii does tot concur
with "those who believe that Colonel
O'Fcrrall and Colonel Deneale were elected
With the idea or with the expectation
tbat they could repudiate tbe State debt,"
but for other reasons, "and with no view
that they bbould stultify themselves by any
attempt to repudiate the State debt."*
Illness of Judge Lee.? The Hon. George
II. i.ec, of this place, is in Baltimore, dan
gerously ill with lheumatism of the brain,
lie is attended by the best physicians, and
we hope soon to be able to chronicle his
complete recovery and his return to the
duties of hu> prolessiou, to which he is an
honor, and in which he is so distinguished
and respected.? Clarksburg 1 Vest Va.) Con
sei vatice.
Judge Lee was formerly a judge of the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia.
Colored H ig u w a y m en.? Brooklyn, N.
Y.y .November 20.? Kev. John G. Bus*, of;
Brooklyn, an ex-chaplaln ot the United1
States army, was waylaid last night by two
negroes, who drew knives and demanded
his money or his life. The old man de
fended himself with a stout canp, and suc
ceeded in driving oil" the assailants after
hating crippled one with a blow from his
stick.
Detected uy a Young Lady's Fainting.
A burglar was caught in a neighboring
town from the circumstanco of meeting a
young lady in one ot the rooms in her
night-clothes. 0:i seeing him she fainted
and fell in his arms and when the people
of the house came in he was trying to
bring her to with a bottle of camphor. He
said no geutlemau would go off and leave a
lady in tucii a condition as that.
An elderly individual, hard up for a wife,
presented himself belore the clerk at the
marriage-license desk in the I'robate Court
yesterday as an applicaut lor a permit to I
marry the divorced wife of bis own son. 1
The law interposing no objection, the polite
but reluctant official had to issue the paper
demanded, and the ceremony was after
ward duly performed.? Cincinnati Com
mercial.
The present is the darkest hour of the
past four years for the Democratic party,
tvery lover of his country should watch
and pray and vote for the coming daylight.
Celina (Ohio) Standard.
GREAT VARIETY OF
HAIR BRUSHES
(English, French, nud American,)
OF SUI'EBIOR QUALITY.
ALSO,
FINE IVORY COMBS,
DRESSING COMBS,
NAILBRUSHES, &C?
for rale by J. BLAIR,
no 14 t?2C Broad street.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS,

Sew York stock and Money Mnrhet.
Net* York, November 21. The Gold,
Stock, and Bond Exchanges were closed to
day to allow the employds to participate in
the Alcx?s reception,
Governments closed steady. Gold weak
atllO*@llQ*. 'Money, States dull;
Tennessee's and new South Carolina's
weak. Sterling weak.
VIRGINIA CONFERENCE OF THE ME
TJEIODIST EPISCOPAL. CHURCH SOUTH.
Special telegram to tlia Oiupatcli.
SIXTH DAY.
Portsmouth, Va., November 21.? The
Conference met at the usual hour, Bishop
Paine in the chair. Bishop Doggett was
also present.
Prayer by Rev. Joseph Lear.
The minutes were read and approved.
The Bishop stated that the Conference
was progressing slowly, and he should
hereafter hold the members firmly to the
question before them.
Rev. Alexander G. Brown called the
attention of the Conference to the South
ern Female College, of Petersburg, and
asked that the Educational Committee
mention it in their reports.
Alexander G. Brown reported the finan
cial condition of his district. James Jamie
son, Joseph II. Davis, and D. II. Wells,
presented similar reports which were re
ferred to the Finance Board.
W. W. Walker, the distinguished orator,
of Westmoreland, now an cider of the
Conference, was introduced.
On motion of Alexander G. Brown, a
subscription was raided for the publication
of the minutes of the Conference. Rev.
P. A. Peterson has been requested to pub
lish them.
D'Arcy Paul made a report in reference
to collecting one thousand dollars be
queathed by Philip Woodhousc, of
Princess Anne circuit, to the Missionary
Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South which was adopted.
D. II. "Willis reported the encouraging
work accomplished by the Young Preach
ers' Educational Society, and urged the
Conference to cooperate in carrying out
us purposes and iu raising funds tor the
Society. The report was ably discussed by
Dr?. Edwards, Langhorne, aud others, and
then adopted.
Bishop Do^'gctt in the chair.? J. II. Davis
moved that sectiou 1 of the Conference
Financial Pl.ui be altered so that assess
ments maybe made accoi ding to the rela
tive ability of the different districts, and
not per capita', as at present. The Con
ference, after discussion by Messrs. Davis,
Lee, Paul, Willis, and others, voted down
the motion.
The rumor is prevalent, and no doubt
correct, that the Richmond district has
been divided and the city cut in two. Van
dei siice probably goes to Sidney and J. E.
Martin to Charlottesville.
Bishop Paine stated that the extensive
debates of the Couierence would protract
the discussion a month. A leave of absence
was granted to William Willis, Jr., R. Fer
guson, and D'Arc.v Paul.
Dr. Bennett, Irom the Committee on
Publishing Interests, submitted an able re
port, which magnifies the value of a sound
religious literature and urges the circula
tion of such endorses eolportage en
dorses all the publ eations of the Nash
ville house, and urges Methodists to pa
tronize it eulogizes the Southern Quar
terly Jievu:w lor its literary merit, but de
clines to endorse all its views, and con
demns its ariiclcs on party politics; must sup
ply the children with Methodist literature
if they are to become Methodists deplores
the probable discontinuance of the New
Monthly Magazine recommends increased
circulation of Richmond Advocate; en
dorses Memorials of Methodism, by W. W.
Bennett recommends the establishment
cf a depository at Richmond asks the
book agent to publish in lumn-books the
general rules and ritual of the Church.
Two members of the committee dissented
from the condemnation of the Southern
lievicxc. The report was laid on the table
for the present.
Adjourned with the benediction by
Bishop Doggett.
Spcclal telegram 10 the L'lspatch.
SORTII CAEOMXA legulatubz.
SENATE.
Kaleigh, N. C., Tuesday, Nov. 21, '71.
The Senate met at 10 o'clock. Thirty
three senators answered to their names.
Mr. Men iraan mtroduwHl a bill to fix the
per diem ami miica^e of officers and mem
bets of the General Assembly. Keferred to
the Committee on Propositions and
Grievances.
The bill gives the Speaker of the House
aud the President of the Senate each five
dollars per day and ten cents per mile to
and from home members three dollars per
day and same mileage principal and* as
sistant clerks each six dollars per day and
same mileage enrolling clerks aud assist
ants each five dollars per day and same
mileage doorkeepers each three dollars
per day and same mileage.
Mr. Beasley introduced a bill to autho
rize the comtnb-siouers of Bertie couuty to
issue bonds. Referred to Committee on
Propositions and Grievances.
Mr. Edwards introduced the following
bills: Concerning the probate of deeds aud
private examination of married women bc
youd the limits of the State also two bills,
both entitled Concerning the Jurisdic
tion of the Superior Courts." Keferred lo
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Dargnn introduced a bill to provide
for the collection of taxes in arrears fcr the
years 1B70-'71. Keferred to Committee on J
X'ropositions and Grievances.
Mr. Lehman introduced a bill proposing
amendments to the Constitution of North
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. Pobbins, of Rowau,
the bill was made a special order for 11
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. Lehman introduced a bill supple
mental and amendatory of the charters of
New Berne and the New Berne Academy.
Keferred to Committee on Corporations.
Mr. Coles introduced a bill to amend an
act of 1S70-71 relative to salaries and fees.
Referred to Committee on Propositions and
Grievances.
Mr. Merrlman introduced a bill for the
relief of the people of the State and to ex
tend the time of sheriffs to settle their State
taxes with the State Treasurer. Keferred
to Committee on Propositions and Griev
ances.
This bill extends the time from the first
Mondav of next month (as now provided
by law) for sixty days. Keferred.
Mr. Lehman introduced a bill to au
thorize the commissioners of Craven county
to levy a special tax. Keferred to Commit
tee on Education.
A message was received from the House
of Kepresentatives proposing to raise a
joint committee of five? three on the -part
of the House and two on tbe part of the
Seuate?to wait upon his Excellency the
Governor and inform him that the General
Assembly are ready to receive any commu.
nication ho may have to make that Messrs.
Loftln, Carson, and Dudley constitute
House branch of said committee, aud that
*he House Is new organized and ready for
business?. The message was concurred In.
Toe President appointed Messrs. Lehman
and Latham as the Senate branch of the
committee. j
The hour for the special order having'
a^nJetI> two bills to a'ccr the Constitution
or North Carolina wero liken up and, on
motion of Mr. Bobbins, of Rowan, were
postponed for one hour.
A message was received from the House
or Representatives concurring in the Senate
proposition to raise a joint committee of
een on constitutional amendments, and
mut -Messrs. Johnston of Buncombe, Gre
gory, Hardgrove, Sparrow, Stratford,
Lackey, Phillips, Broadfoot, and Guythcr,
constitute tho House branch of said com
mittee. The President appointed Messrs.
Mnr^lnS TofuRovvan? Merrlman,
-Murphy Lehman, and Olds, as the Senate
branch of said committee.
I ^5* Graham, of Alamance, introduced a
p a i laD?e the time of boldingthe courts
C-?Unty- Eefe?ed to thcJu
a.cmry Committee.
from thc j?int committee to
nortpfi u I3 1cellcDcy tlie Governor, re
W- h n a Governor ?>uld communi
cate with the Senate at half-past 12 o'clock.
Mr. Llnney introduced a bill to promote
the agricultural interests of the country.
Referred to the Committee on the Ju
diciary.
On motion of Mr. Lehman, the Senate
took a recess for one hour.
After the expiration of one hour the
Senate reassembled. I
On motion of Mr. Bobbins, of Rowan,
the two bills proposing amendments to the
Constitution were taken up and referred
to the Joint Committee on Constitutional
Amendments. I
On motion of Mr. Flemmiiu', the Senate
adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i House met 10 o'clock? Speaker Jarvis In
the chair.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. Collis, of the House.
Mr. Martin introduced a resolution in
itructlng the Public Treasurer not to pay
any warrant, ccrtilicate, claim or claims,
whatsover, which arc now outstanding for
work purporting to have been done in pur
i suunee of an act entitled an act to estab
lish a turnpike road from North river, in
Carteret county, to the head of Adams
creek, in Craven county." Referred.
On motion of Mr. Loften, a message was
j sent to the Senate notifying that body that
the House was organized and ready for
the transaction of business.
j By the same Resolution to raise a joint
committee to wait on the Governor and re
ceive any communication he (the Governor)
desired to make. Adopted. The Speaker
appointed Messrs. Loftin, Carson, and
Dudley as the House branch of the com
mittee to wait on the Governor.
Mr. Welch introduced a resolution re
questing Hon. Z. B. Vance, United States
Senator-elect, to return his credentials in
time to enable the Legislature to elcct a
senator. Referred.
Mr. Ashe introduced a bill to be entitled
44 an act proposing amendments to the Con
stitution of North Carolina." Referred.
Mr. Darden introduced a bill to author
ize the commissioners of Perquimans to
issue bonds for the purpose ot funding and
paying off the county debt. Referred.
Mr. Johnston, of Buncombe, introduced
a biil to amend the code of civil procedure
in relation to executions, tfco. Referred.
Messrs. Powell aud Page were granted
leave of absence for one week, owing to
sickness in their families.
Mr. "Welch asked a suspension of the rules
to take up a resolution in reference to Z. ii.
Vance, and make the same the special or
der for Thursday at 11 o'clock. The yeas
and nays being demanded, the suspension
of the rules was granted, and the resolu
tion made the special order.
A message Irom the Senate notifying the
House that the Senate was organized and
ready to proceed to business wa* received
also, one raising a joint committee on con
stitutional reform? six from the House and
three from tho Senate? and asking the con
currence of the Hou?e. The Speaker ap- 1
poiutcd Messrs. Johnston of Buncombe,
Gregory, Hargrave, Sparrow, Stanford,
Luckey, Phillips, and Broodfoot.
i A message from the Senate notifying the
House that the Senate has concurred in
House bill to raise a joint committee to wait
on the Governor, and naming Messrs. Leli
j man and Latliam as the Senate %brancb, was
received.
I The committee to wait on the Governor
reported that be (the Governor) would
transmit his message to the House at 12.S'
o'clock.
The message from the Governor was re
ceived, and read by the clerk.
Mr. Johnston, of Buncombe, introduced
a resolution to dispense with the reading oi
the documents accompanying the message,
and transmit ttie same to the Senate with a
proposition to print five copies for each of
the members and fifty copies lor each of the j
Departments. Adopted.
Ou motion of Mr. Justice, the House ad
journed until to-morrow at 10 o'clock,
i
Hotel Destroyed by Tire.
Special tcleprdm to the Dispatch.
Glade Spring, Va., November 21, 1871.
Tbe largo new hotel just erected at this
place by A. B. Echols Brother was de
stroyed by fire to-night. Loss, $3,000. The
work of an incendiary.
JLATEST FROM WASHI>GTO.\.
WEATHER PROBABILITIES.
Washington, November 21.? Partially
cloudy and pleasant weather is probable
for Wednesday ou the South Atlautic aDd
Gulf coa?t. The low barometer in Canada
will move eastward, with southwesterly
winds on the lukes veering to the north
west. Threatening and rainy weather will
extend very generally along the middle
and east Athntic co ist. The area of cloudy
weather will .continue from the Ohio
Valley to the upper lakes and westward.
Dangerous winds are not anticii>a*ed fori
our coast this evening.
GENERAL ITEMS.
The President iris ordered that the super
visory district comprising the States of Aia-I
bnma and Mississippi be annexed to and
united with tbe State of Tennessee, and 1
hereafter to constitute but one supervisory
district.
General Walker has been appointed Com
missioner of Indian Affilrs, but he will
continue the superintendence of the census
until its completion.
General Spinner's report recommends
that delinquent national banks be charged
interest for every ten days' delay in paying
taxes. He savs that not a cent lias been
lost to the Government during the year bv
employ^ in liis office. He states that the
Government has no five per ccnts. of the
new loan for sale.
From California.
San Fbancisco, November 21. The
grand jury' which is investigating there
cent stage coach robberies attribute them
tp the Indians.
The Tonto Apaches are again on the
war-path.
Most of the parties implicated in the Los
Angeles Chinese massacre have fled from
the country.
Destructive Fire in Colorado.
Denver, Col., November 21.? A fire'
originated in a barber-shop at Kit Carson.
The Kit Carson House, Perry House,
several dry goods and grocery stores, and I
two billiard saloon?, were burned, also the
post-offlce. Loss, $100,000. No insurance. 1
Jf
THE RECEPTION OP ALEXIS.
I,
IMHES^EIHBOSOS IS UBOADWAT
j
OVER 10,000 TROOPS IN LINE.
THE LANDING OP THE ROYAL VISITOR.
address of welcome by general
DIX AND REPLY OF THE PRINCE.
New Tom, November 21.? The weather
to day is very fine, anrl consequently the
public reception of the Russian Grand Duke
Alexis will take place according to pro
gramme.
departure op the reception committee.
At 11 o'clock this morning the steamer
Mary I'owell, with the reception commit
tee and about five hundred persons, includ
ing a large number of ladies, proceeded
down the bay. oyer a thousand persons
had assembled at the pier to witness the
departure. The steamer was gaily decorated
with the Russian and American flags, and
nearly all the vessels in the bay were
dressed with fl.>g?, many of them displaying
the Russian colors.
BROADWAY THRONGED? THE MILITARY OCT
IN FULL FORCE.
Broadway is thronged with persohs
awaiting the parade. Great numbers ar
rived from the country in the early trains.
The buildings in Broadway and other
principal streets are decorated with fligs.
The National Guard is out in full force,
and tbe weather being fine, the reception
will be a brilliant affair.
The crowds in Broadway are ?o dense
that locomotion is almost impossible, and
every window and space from which a view
can be obtained is occupied.
I Ten thousand troops are in line, extend
ing two miles.
LANDING OF THE PRINCE? HIS FORMAL
WELCOME.
Alexis landed at half-past 1 o'clock, when
the procession moved off.
During the formal reception Mnjor-Gene
ral Djx addressed the Prince as follows
j Your Imperial Highness, In the name
I of the citizens of Mew York 1 have the
honor to tender you a cordial welcome to
the United States.
It is a great gratification to us to see
within our harbor the gallant squadron
which has brought you to our shore?. It
is a still greater "ratification to us to re
ceive among us one of the Imperial family
of Russia, who*e illustrious chief has done
so much for civilization, and in whose
hands the possession of power has, under
the guidance of Providence, been devoted
to the noblest of uses? the social and poli
tical elevation of those who come within
the sphere of its exercise.
The long and uninterrupted friendly
relations between Russia and the United
States have naturally created a strong
sympathy on our part in all concerns of
her welfare, and has caused us to regard
with deep interest her steady but silent
progress eastward, shedding at every ad
vance the light of Christian civilization,
which has been buried for ages in compa
rative darkness.
Your Imperial Highness will no doubt
lind much in our country which is novel
to a European, which will be remembered
as a source of usefui suggestion In political
societies.
"In the name of the citizen?, in whose
behalf 1 speak, I tender you a sincere wel
come."
REPLY OF THE PRINCE.
The Prince replied as follows
General Dix, Ladies, and Gentlemen,
I beg leave to express my warm thanks for
the manner in whiuh I have been received.
The feeling which exists betweeu Russia
and the United States is as strong as it is
lasting, and nothing can disturb it.
44 1 "pass rapidly through New York to
pay my respects to the President, whose
high character i~ greatly appreciated every
where but on my return I shall have the
plea-tire to accept your hospitality, so
kindly tendered me."
Keiv Yorls Items.
N Eff York, November 21.? Charles
O'Conor thinks that through a flaw in
the indictment Tweed will escape punish
meut.
Isaac "W, England, publisher of the Sun,
has been appointed commissioner of public
induction.
Horace Greeley pei emptor ily declines tbe
presdency of the Department of I'ubl:c
Pai ks vicc Sweeney.
The steamboat owners have formed a per
manent organization, and adopted a peti
tion to Congress to amend the steamboat
laws.
In the Court of General Sessions this
morning Judge Bedford charged the grand
jury on the frauds against the city, and
su-icested that the jury send for Charles
O'Conor to assist them in the immediate
and rigid investigation of all notorious
frauds without respect to persons or po
litical parties. It mattered not that many
of the alleged criminals have fled the coun
try the law would reach them.
HEAVY FRAUDS ON THE BROOKLYN TREASURY.
New York, .November 21.? it is stated
that frauds amounting to a; quarter of a
million dollars have been perpetrated upon
the Brooklyn Treasury by the f,lling"
there.
Vetoed,
Atlanta, Ga., November 21. -Acting
Governor Conley has vetoed the bill order
ing a special election to fill the yacaucy
created Dy Bullock's resignation.
Woman's Suffrage In Wyoming:.
Cheyenne, November 21.? The House
has repealed woman's sufl'rage by a vote of
9 to 3.
CilliarU Hatch.
New Orleans, November 21.? The fi^t
game of billiards of three to be played be
tween Dion and .Miller, for ?500 each, was
won by Dion, who scored DOU points Mil
ler scoring 479.
Forelsrn Sews.
Lon on, November 21.? The two vessels
previously reported sunk and all hands lost,
by coll.si >n iu the Mersey, were the bark
Alary Baker, of Boston," from Liverpool
for Bermuda, and a British ship from Sierra
Leone for Liverpool.
Advices from Constantinople report cool
weather and the cholera decreasing.
Count Yon Btiust, the new-appointed
Austrian Ambassador to England, is ex
pected here this week.
Paris, November 21.? The Government
has resolved to support the motion provi
ding for the removal of the seat or govern
ment to Paris at the next session of the
Assembly.
Home, November 21.? The King of Italy
and the president of the Senate" are ex
pected to arrive iu this city to-day.
Madrid, November 21 The session of
the Cortes was prorogued until February,
1872 until winch lime it is probable the
present ministry will continue in office, in
the mean time the decision ot important
questions now pending is postponed until
tne reassembling of the Cortes.
It is announced that ainom? other mea
sures the Government has resolved to defer
the imposition of the tax of 18 per cent, on
the interest on Spanish bonds until it has
been approved by the Cortes.
The Cholera at Halifax, N. S.
Halifax, N. S., November 21.? The
cholera has broken out in the eastern sec
tion of Halifax county. A man employed
as cook on board the steamer Franklin, at
New York, is supposed to have brought
the disease into the country. He is recov
erins, but other persons who caught the
infection from him have died. The local
government have adopted the necessary
measures to prevent the spread of the con
tagion. The health officer of Halifax is
severely blamed for neglect.
M1ULLSEBY.
ILL I NEB Y.? The long-ex-^8*?
pecte l WHITE wa BUCK JJUT
TaD N &>T, so lafiliionkble for VKlL3,JTO*fe?
baa at last arrived, to tbe gratification ot u?
ladles, and can be found at
MaU J. DAVIS'S, No. 807 Main street,
no M-2t betweea Ninth and Tenth.
M1LLINEKY.-A large stock of MIL
L1 ?tKY to be sold lo*. All who htva not
ytt pnfchafitU *rouul do weil to call and examine
our sioclt.
ALSO,
receiving larse lots of CH A.P HATS from north
ern markets, which will be sold at very low price*.
S3. WALTON Jfc CO.,
No. m Broad rcet, qorner Fourth.
no 15-eodlm
COMMERCIAL.
COB H A TO FLOUA TXCILAWO*, I
Richmond. Va-. Bovember II, W7i.
OTMEBRTflS.
White. eM buflhela. Red. 550 bushels.
Conj^Whiie. WJ tMMbol3. Mixed, 376 bushels.
OatH.-iU bnrlula.
Rye 38 bushels,
ifeal_ 14 bushels.
SAXJE8.
?i 7^'S,^,VIltteTi64 t?w?hel?-?t fi.75 for va.0,
8??S fori? Kne, *LM ror wy g00** |LW for
379 bu8h<?l*-at fl.n fo? ver7 rood,
91.57?g |i flo for good, thifl for commoa.
*%!EriEnax*- 4,2 bushels? ?t70c for prime new,
uS? Tery g<x)U nc,ir> 8-@e5c? common
37(5 bushels -?t, esgroc, for prims
<w? it. i* ,ne,f? 65 ^or common new.
SfaS' bKStt S "C* Ior very
MeaU-li ouohels yellow at 7Sc.
RE-EXHIBITED.
Wheat.? Bed, So bushtls.
Com.? W bite, 674 buihila. Mixed, ?0 bushels.
REMARKS.
The offerings of grain of all kinds on 'Changs j
to?day were very light. Mazket generally dull.
Wheat birely held lta own. Corn comparatively
inactive, with a d'' elded Indisposition on the part j
of buyers to pay the pricca ruHni? lately or the
1,2:8 bushels offered 574 bushels were ra-exhlblted,
But little done In rye, bnt there 1b a tendency to
higher figures.
The offerings or grain on 'Change on the corre
sponding day of last tear were
Wheat,? 9 (Bo buihels, orwh!cb 193 bushela were
re-exhibited.
Cornj? 234 bushels.
Oatr? 35# bu-htls.
Prices oa thai day were
Wheat.? Wbitc, very good, SI C5. Bed, very
good, $1,43.
Corn.? White, prims new, "Sc.
Oats.- Prime spring, 43c.
Virginia country flour, Richmond inspection
Super, $6.50 extra, $7 farrlly, 18.50.
A good deal of speculation exists as to wh*t will
fie the price of corn between now and Christmas
and afior Christmas, and thsre are peop'.e in town
now from other places who are a good deal inter
ested In the subject. There are various things
which have a bearing on the subject, an analysis
of which we ?hill endeavor to give at an early
date.
Domestic Markets-[BY Telegraph.]
New York, November 21.? Cotton eaa'er sales
5,800 oiilea uplands, I8jc.; Orleans. IS*. Flour
quiet and unchanged. Whltkey, S4c. Wheat a
shade better, but not active red winter western,
$1 .60@Jl.64. Corn closed slightly in favor of
buyers. Klce firm at 8J@9c. rork heavy at
$12.87?|13. Beet and lud steady. Navals un
changed. Tallow quiet. Freights quiet and easier.
Baltimore, November 21.? Virginia 6's, old.
5l@5iJ bid, ?2 asked '7's, eo bid. Coupons, fid,
flc@60i bid, 6 5 asked new. 6S bid. West Vir
ginia's, 28J bid, asked. North Carolina's, 38
Did; now. 18 bid; special tax 15 bid.
Ftour unchanged. Wheat steady. Corn firm;
new. t8@G9c. old yeliow, ,7l@74c. Oats dull at
50$5'C. Fork, $14.53. Hacou? Shoulders, 8c
rlb'sldea, 8Jc.; clear rib, ?Ic. sugar-cured hamo,
lo^iec. Whiskey, O^ic
T ouisville, November 21.? Tobacco verv ac
tive sales, 100 hogsue<*.ds lugs at $7.23(g*7.75;
low to medium leaf, ?8^l3; fair to good, $15?
fjo.
BOOTS, SEOm dC.
fTO LADIES.? I Iiutc now oil hand?
1 a fu?l an>l complete assortment 01
Ladles'. Misses1, and Children's Slaves of
every description, to v h'.ch 1 Invite the attention
of th? ladles.
My s'ocfe of Gent3' Boofs and Shoes embraces
all the modem 3t,yhs of the best gr>o<jg irade In
the country. 1 Invite the gentlemen to give me a
call. JOHN C. PAGE, Jb.,
no 213m li!0J Main stret t.
T
^0 CITY AND COUNTRY*,
MERCHANTS.
FIVE HUNDIiED CASES BOOTS AND S1I0E5.
We axe keeping our stock welL filled and ai-
sorttd, enabling U9 to accommoda'c the trade la
quantltles'to suit. We have our goods made to
suit the retailer- good fitting, stylish, durable, and
reasonably priced goods.
Knowing b? experience the Importance of de- j
slrable goods at low prices, we are selling our
goodBatayery small advance on manuf^ctiircrb'
prlccj.
MAliCU.1 HARMS BROTHEK,
Wholesale ?oot and 3boe Dealers,
132 J Main street, near
no 20 Fourteenth street.
INTERESTING TO LADIES.-Ii
X will sell LrADifo1 B!?OTs and SHOES'
hEtiA RULE3S OF COaT.
Havlne determined to m ?ko addition to my busl
neis bv ketpln* men's wear as well as 1-tdles', and
wist in* to reduce my Iturse stocit of ladles' weir,
I will from this day sell reerarldeis of cost, con
sisting of many styles which cannot be found In
uuvoiher house in this city.
A l ull assortment or hand-made FKKNCII KID
BUTTON and MDE-LACE BOOTS;
A full Une of MISSES' and CHILDREN'S CO*
LOKKi> SHOES and
Evefv variety of WHITE SLIPPRRS.
203 "Broad street, next to the coiner or Third
street. A. M. HAHlili*.
[cc 17.3m]
WE HAVE NOW RECEIVED^
our full fail supply cf GEN T'S H AN U
SEWED CAl.K BOOTS. SlIOFS.and GAl
TERS LAI' IKS' and MISSES' SHOSS, all styles
and qualities BOYS' and CHILDKEN'SVY EAR
of rent miku. Alco, TRUNKS, VALISES, and
SATCHELS. Give ui a call.
V, IN 1*0, ELliE'IT Sc CRUMP,
1308 Main fctreet,
oc 10? 3th between Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
fl'BXinJKE, AC.
E ARE NOW MANUFACTUR-fft
ING and receiving the mo6t extensive
and elegant stock of
FURNITURE
that has ever be. u offered to ihe people of Vir
ginia. W<* 'would particularly call the attention
of tiie public to our CHAMBER aud FARLOlt
FURNITURE, being of superior workmanship
and newest patterns. You will llud In our ware
room 3
wardrobes. bureaus,
BEDSTEALS, WASHSTANDS,
TABLES, SIDEBOARDS,
ETAGERES. MATTRESSES,
CHAIRS, DWSKM, SAFES,
with a great variety of other FURNITURE. It
will afford us pleasure to enow all who may call
on U3 through our warerooms
HARWOOD RITTER.
seJ7 Governor street. Richmond. Va.
COBilXTI OWKRI ?S, FRUITS, Ac.
w
ft
JUST RECEIVED.
50 boxes NF W LAYRB RAISINS,
3 fr?ils NEW DATES.
5 barrels OKANBKBBIStS.
FOR SALE I OW.
no 20 W. W. TRIBBHTT.
ORANGES, GRAPES, PEARS, at
PIZZlNl'S,
oc 24 807 Broad street.
CiURRANTS, RAISINS, CITRON, at
oc 21 i'lZZlNI'r*.
PIES, PASTRY, CAKES, and CAN
oc ?/KSl at PIZZINl'S,
S?WL\t).UACHI!9ia.
rFHE UNANIMOUS TESTIMONY OF
X tbe people is tint the GROVEli BaKKK
8EWING-M/.CHINES, for beauty and elasticity
of stttcb, simplicity and ease of management,
durablllcy, light aud rapid running, are n&ti
equalled by any machine In use, and themoat Per- 1
feet ftmlly machine. The annoyance of rewind-
Ing thread entirely dispensed with. Sold on easy
term*. G. N. W. DAKBY, Aeente,
no 13 001 Broad street.
TEIE WILLCOX GIBBS MACHINES
had the following notice posted in thirty large
posters around their stand at the Fair
FOR EXHIBITION ONLY.
We wish it distinctly understood that having ob
tained for the Wlllcox Sc. Glbbs Machine all the
empty honors we desire In tbe way of gold and
sliver aedaU from the leading Fairs of the coun
try, we have for miny years refused to pat our
selves to the yearly annoyance of competing for
premium*, and enter cur machines for exhibition
only. Thanking the managers for the opportunity
to exhibit our mach'nes, we decline competing
for or receiving any award of merit In the way of I
prizea or diplomas, leaving these for those who!
desire to obtain tbem. We prefer to rest upon j
our already established merits.
The above Is published to refu'e the false state
ment of the agent of a carpet-bagger's machine
that it W43 decided ihe superior of any machine I
exhibited, 4c., thus trying to bring their machine j
li>ti a notoriety lu merits could never obtain.1
The committee were politely told we dispensed
with their tervlces at our stand.
JAMES A. E. GIBBS,
Ninth and Bsnk btr-eta,
no 11 Richmond, Va.
THE DOMESTIC "?The most faith?ul
and satis factor v ?E WING- MACHINE in tbe
nurke',. It was decided the superior of anv ma
chine txhlbited by a committee of our moat dis
tinguished machinists appointed by the Virginia
State Fair.
AGENTS WANTED. AVERY CO.,
no 7 9c9 Main itreit.
OEWING-M A.CH1NES OF ALL KINDS
O REPAIRED. The SLOAT ELLIPTIC SEW
ING MACHINES BOUGHT and SOLD. We sell
the only PROPE& NEEDLES for the SLOAT
ELLIPTIC MACHINES.
SLOAT A ADDINGTON,
tnv 4 U 15 C jut street. nearUth.
NOTICE.? Persons wishing PAINTING
AND glazing of any description done
cheaply, ne *tlv, and promptly, will pie at cail on
the unuers Iffced. JOHN W. LEE, Agent,
Bioad itieet between Fifth and Sixth,
no 20-51* next to Mountcattla's.
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING NEATLY
EXECUTED AT THIS OFFICE.
rSTjnrrFEET^^ all
Lt/^yUU heart :a.o wiett 5 4 Flooring, met
tamable. I consider tho above food *ntele,
ted will sell the lot low.
no 20 3t g. H. WIim>OCg.
H IBSON BROCK.
LA COBXEB HXTI1 fiTBSET AND TUX C AN Air
(old stand of J. C. McCarthy dfc Co.)
LUMBER, SHINGLES, PALING3, BALED
tAY, OATS, CORN MEAL, MILL FtfED, 4c.,
.6 the lowest rues.
Bill timber cut to order promotlr.
J. P. W. GIB80JT,
lute of 3iaro A Gibson.
8. A. BROCK,
oc 9-3m formerly of Ragland A Brock.
MACHINERY, &C.
^yiLLIAil E. T AM NEE CO.,
METROPOLITAN WORKS,
CA5AL STSKET PHOM SIXTH TO SXTBSTH,
manufacturers of j
ENGINES, B0ILER3, SAW-MILLS,
BARK, GRIST, and PLASTER MILLS;
GAb-MACniNKRY, MILL-GEARING, 4C.
Repair work solicited.
Freights to *11 points low.
Send for circular. 4
jyjACIIINE WOBK9.
SLOAT.A ADDINOTON,
Nos. 1422, Id, 1420, and liX Gary street,
and Nos. 13 ind 15 sou:h 15:1: stmt,
RICHMOND, VA.
^e.?iaJc 8N kinds of new work In Ifce MA
iHlMST LINK, KE^AIit Ai,L KINDd OK
WCRK Wc go in the COUNTRY lo do all
ln onr l,ne- Also, maae the
best TOBACCO MILLS iu the world, and keep
them on hand. ?s well as TOBACCO SCRKWttof
iU kinds, together wish BANDS and BILLETS,
ana all articles for the manufacture of tobacco.
We keep on hand for sale ttil bizta of
NHW and BKCOVD-HAND ENGINES,
BOILKKM, HAW-MILLS,
tiKIol" MILLS, L'OWKK PUMPS,
PLATfORM 5 CALKS,
SHAFTING. HANGKKS, PULLIE3,
GSAR and BKVJL WHEELS,
And In fact a general assortment of all useful ar
ticles In our line, together witb
JUD&O.VS PAT a; NT STEAM-ENGINE
GOVERNOR,
UTIC5A CO. STKAJJ GAUGES.
SKLDEN'S PATENT ftKGINE P ACHING,
PEiLT VALVKS, GLOBE VALVES,
TALLOW COCKS,
SEUF-OILING CUPS, for both engine and
sh-?fUng
FLUE CLttANEUS,
OILCANS, WATEK GAUGES, ?*C.
All of which wcse'.l at reaacnable prices and on
accommodating term3.
N. B? We receive on conDlgnment all kinds of
machinery, both new and second- hand. Coma
and see us.
oc 2 SLOAT ft ADDINQTQN.
QLEAR AND HARMLESS AS WATER.
NAT TANS' S CRYSTAL DISCOVERY FOR
THE HAIR.
A perfectly clear preparation, In one bottle, as
easily applied as water, for restoring to way hair
Its natural color and youthful appearance, to
eradicate ana prevent duidrutf to promote the
growih of the tnir, and stop its falling.
It is entirely harmless snd perfectly free from
any poisonous substance, ana win therefore take
the place or all the dirty and unpleasant prepara
tions now in use. .Numerous testimonials have
bfceneentnp from many of our most prominent
citizens. In everything in -which tbe articles now
In uie are objectionable CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
Is perlect. It Is warranted to contain neither
sugar of lead, sulphur, or nitrate of silver. Clear
and clean as water. It does not soil the clothes or
scalp. It is agreeably perfumed, and mnk-s ono
of tue best dressings for ihe h *-lr In use. It restores
the color of the Lair more perfectly and uniformly
than any otber preparation, and ?uw.*ys uoea so In
from threa to ten days. Virtually feeding the
roots of the hair with all the nourishing qualities
necessary to Its growth and healthy condition, it
restores the decay and induces a uew growth of
the hair mor? positively than anything else. 1 he
application of this wonderful discovery also pro
duces a pleasant and cooling effect on the tcalp,
and gives the htir a pleasant ana elegant appear
ance.
We call especial attention to the fact that a
llmi'ed number of snull trial bottles can be had
by those wlslih>g to try It. You will notice lint
in pursuing this course our aim is to convince by
,M "Cta.lmcr.Uof NATTA?JS,
Inventor and proprietor. Washington, D. C.
F..r sale, wholesale and retail, by PUKOELL,
LADD CO., Proprietor's Agents, Richmond,
y.t o? 'tl 'O'lSnt
'jiflE SCHOOL OF TtLLGliAI'JUY.
All arrangements being now complete, tho
school for lustruc'ion In tue art of telegraphing
will teopeued oa the 10 h of December proximo.
lhe prmclp *ls (i>oth of whom are practical oj>t
rators of m^ny years* experience), leel lully as
sured tbat the undertaking will be entirely suc
cessful; and they respectfully request ail who
contemplate acquiring a knowledge of this plea
sant ami profitable business to cm! at or aduresi
WESTERN UMOrt TrtliEUltAPH OFFICE,
No. 1212 Main street, and etiter their names, that
tney nuy know for ho w many they mem make pro
vision.
Arrangements are a'30 in progress for forming
aOL/ SS OK LADIitb; and full Information In
regard to tfcis class will he made public In a few
dajs. To them this business offers peculiar lu
duiements. It Is Ugh% rcit, and more remune
rative than auy employment now accessible to
their sex.
The advantage which this school offjrs over
commercial colleges is, that so soon as the stu
dent Is competent mere will he nofllfllculty about
getting a position, as the extension of railroads
and the building of new lints of telegraph creates
aconstaut and ever-Increasing demand for skil
ful operators.
principals pledge themrelve?.
K. M. J. PAYNTEB,
no 21? W.Vislm J'JSKI'M McOOVKUN.
William e. wood co.,
373 and 375 w. Baltimore eueet,
BALTIMi'K*. MJ>.,
manufacturers of Si 12AM HEATING APPA
RaTUS, and lnvciisors of the new pullshed-frout
fltt-top PAKlS RANGE. In every respect the bcrt
j cooking-rauge In thaUniied States, and warranted
to beit tho rooms above, it r?*cctved, with tiie
I celebrated Parlor bun and Lightning Fireplace
JHeiters, the first premiums at the Maryland State
Fair and at the American Institute Fair, New
York. Bay el'her the Parlor un or Lightning
Fireplace Heaters aud the Paris Kange, and you
will hav?! tha best hi;a'.log fireplace stove and the
be^t cooking apparatus In the world.
Bend for descriptive circular.
WILLIAM K. WOOD CO..
Manufacturers ard Inveutorsof Heating, Venti
lating, and Caking Apparatus, 173 and J75 W.
Baltimore street BaHiaoTe. Md. uo9d3m
\TOTICE.? The uuderai^ned, YCEKG
LING* CO.,r/roprletorsoftbeJamcsBlver
Steam Brewery. In the county of Hearlco, near
th* city of Richmond, give notice. In pursuance
ofih". provisions of the act of the Legislature of
Virginia approvtd April 16, 1870, that the follow
ing are the private mark* and name* used, brand
ed. or stamped, upon the casks, barrels,
4c., used by them In the manufacture of malt
liquors at their said brewery? to wit:
T B. Y. B.,
J Richmond, Va.
Y. B.,
Richmond. Va.
D. G. YU f-NGLING, J it.,
Kichmoad. Vb.
And that they hnve filed said description in the
Clerk's ofllee of isenrlco eounty, and they hereby
forbid all persons from u icg said branded casks,
Ac., wieboat their consent as provided by said att.
no a-W6w YPr.NGLING CO.
Ecu-Brant's
HOUSE-FURNISHING BTOBE,
?trT?NO. 903 MAIff 6T11EKT.
CHINA and GLAbSWABE,
^lvek-plated V/AKE?
BODGfcKS'M TABLE COTLEKY.
FANCY GOODS,
a^d SODP TIJRKITN8,
STttJiL and BKONZED FIBE-SlCTi,
MjasKity
PAfiLOK COAL VASES,
PLATE- WAKMKKs
GttUMAN bTUDENTH' LAMPS.
JAPANESE PAPER VVARK and a variety
of useful irtlclcs. Call and see tbi-m. oc ?0
piiE M IU3I BEEF.
At STALL No. 13 New 3Tarlcetwi.il be K,uld
on WEDNESDAY, November 22, H KEF sap
posed to be the finest ever on exulbitlon in any
m irket* having talum the first premium" every
where exhibited. M a. 1 YNDALj.,
no 20 -n? Stall No. 13 New Market.
"CUNE BEEF.? The eubscri-.
X ber, grateful for th*j liberal pa
tron sirs bestowed upon hi in for the
last thirty- five yews, respectfully
Suiforma hi* customers and the public in general
at Ma stalls are supplied with splendid HKKF
?.mc. those celebrated grazing counties Wythe
MtfDSEY,
no u-gw? gull3 SoB l7 J9 old Maficet.
GEsKSi&EJE>ALil S(MP> OLD BROWN
?ODi tKKK Si DADS.
Wiusow HAxm;~
U*CiiX?Vl> MAJtBL* WORKS.
Co J kb Govauj(oa ajtd Rom tiriuuCTti.
EICHHOND. Va.
All kinds of SfAKBLK and GKANITZ wno a
oone. All kinds MANT5LS-Mart>te ?L<im2I?
SLABS of all kinds for eabluet-maktrB ?nd
railing. LBXlifciaSG done in CemaniSS JS;
brew. WILLIAM if. JuALKY,
aeLJm Aaent.
friends and custooera can flsu me at noun aaa
A DADK'S drug store, No. liM Main street.
where they also can be accommodated on the
same terms as bt myself. I win resume business
at my old stand in a we v short time with AM JCN
TiKrfLY Nkw ?TOCK OF GOCD.% w hi n I will
be pleased to serve my friends and customers as
usual.
no 18-d> w.swAwlt A. BOnKKEB.
fFBE SUBSCRIBER WlLHifc^amw%
X coatlnue the KO&TIn LHHBIHBrN
BCMNkSS as heretofore at his 0.4 ?uuio,ijvck
street.
Thankful for pas', favors, begs continuance of
Uii same.
uo 7-im? WILLIAM P. COX, Agent.