<£wnitto £tate |ourttat
rcßLiaaan
DAILY, SEMI-WEEKLY AND WEEKLY,
At Ne. oi'.H Main -treel, Rlchnun., Va.
TERMS I
DAILY— til per year: six month", 13; three
montha, »l.Ki; 1 month, 60cent-.
SEMI-WEEKLY— I2.6O per tear; six months,
II M; three months, M cents.
WEEKLY—»I .OOper year; six men tha, 75 cents
teTWBBBLTand SBMI-WBBKT.t JOURNAL
mobs at oxtrcnely low rates.
AMUSEMENTS. j
Ty ICHMOND I
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
KORMES-HA B E I. M A N N
GRAND OPERA,
THE GREATEST STAR COMPANY IN THK
WORLD.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, Dkcrmbku 7,
STRADELLA,
THE TWO TENORS IN THE CAST.
CARL FORMES in hia grand pan of
MALVOOLIO.
FRIDAY, Curl Yon Wflber'fl Immortal Opera,
DER FREYSOHUTZ.
SATURDAY, Gband Oat.a Opbra Night.
Prices of ADKirjsiojr—ReservtH- Heats in Or-
t'he«tra and Dresw Cinle, _\.M) general admU
.lon, 91; second tier, 7jc.; third ti«»r, flnc.; lower
private bo)te«, »6. I
Sale of reserved seats, at West nnd Johnston's
bookr-tore, will commence on THURSDAY, No
vember 3fnh t at 9 o'clock A. M.
The Grand Opera Troupe use the celebrated
Chickering Pianos, Woodhon.se Parham, l_.n#
Main street, general agente.
de 7 HARRY J. .STEEL, Agent.
REAL ESTATE AGENCY.
TTJ ICHMOXD AGENCY I
FOR THE SALE,
UTRCHASE, AND EXCHANGE OF
RE A L KST AT X
The under»lgned lu\n opened an oflice at
f»l2>_ Main street, (Statb Jocrnal build ing,)
a few doors above the Post-office, Rich-
mond, A'irginia, for tho SALE, PURCHASE
AND EXCHANGE OF REAL ESTATE, and
respectfully requests all persons placing proper-
iv in his hands for stile or exchange, to furnish i
luiu, if posr-fble, with n plat of the same, as also
a description of soil, advantage?., &c.
CitUens of Lhe Northern States, who desire to f
emigrate to a milder climate, such as Virginia,
where so many advantages of a pecuniary na-
ture, added to that of health, are presented to
capitalists, will find it to their interest to com
tiiunica'e with him, as all letters asking informa
tion respecting any particular farm or locality, P
with a view of purchasing, will receive a prompt
and faithful report. JAS. T. SUTTON,
Late X**. S. Pension AKeut, 1
Riclimond, Va.
N. H.—Notarial business, conveyancing and i
negottaiiug loans promptly attended to.
de I—tf .1. T. S.
pr6sp___ctusT~ I
UOITHERN PLANTER AND FAiIMEU. j
SUBSCRIPTION $2 PER ANNUM. I
A FIRST-RATE ADVERTISING MEDIUM, j
This old and well-established journal has re- j|
cently changed hands, aud will be conducted
with rent-wed vigor. It will number among its
contributors some of the ABLEST WRITERS
IN THE COUNTRY upon all subjects kindred
to agriculture. The different departments of the
journal—Agricultural, Horticultural, Meclmni-
-al, Household, to.—will each be conducted with
a view to make it the most
VALUABLE AGRICULTURAL JOURNAL
IN THIS COUNTRY.
Evpry farmer should take it, and no one who
who has recently moved into the State can afibrd
io lie without it, as It contains the experience of
the most practical and successful (armors and
planters. 1
As an adverting medium M has no superior in
the South, having a large circulation amongst
the most substantial farmers and business men. 5
Insurance companii's, bankers, machinists, fertl-
lizing companies, nurserymen, seedmen, com-
mission merchants, _c., who wish to reach the
best class of peo])le in thi' country, will find it to
their interest to advertise in this journal. i
It will be maib'd to subscribers on the first day
of each moii.h at <?*'_ per annum in advance.
Specimen copies will be i?ent on applicaiion. I
All business communications to b« addressed
JOHN W. RISON, j
Editor and Proprietor.
Office No. Columbian Block, coiner of Thir- I
teenth and Cary streets. de 6—tf j 1
FOR SALE.
HOItM' FOR SALE. A THOU _-_
OUOHBItED MAKE, very stylish, AftV
gentle, ami kind in harness or under the Buddie
perfectly sound nnd very mat. Sold for want of
uee. Can be seen ai Sutherland'a stables, Eiglnh
street, near Main, or address post-oflice box 9U3.
de7— 3t
LOOT.
LOST_rERTIFICATK No. I.IOTIROINIA
UEOISTEKED STOCK, issued under act
of March 19th, 18:19, for *400, in the name of
Pu-xcia Traocs. This is to give notice that
:i]i|,lir;itii,n will le made to the Second Auditor
for a renewal of the a__UK
WM. S PHILLIPS,
no 29— l_w4W* her husband.
SHIPPING.
Xjibk'NKW YORK. ____
THE OLD DOMINION STEAMSlfipCoff
PANY'S elegant side-wheel steiimshiji ALBE
MARLE, Oapt. Smith, will sail on FRIDAY,
December Mh, :it 12 o'clock M
Freight received until 11 A. M.
Through billet of lading signed, anil goods for
--■arded with dispatch to all points—north, aouth,
viisl and west. Close connections made with Ou
nard line for foreign jiorta.
Passenger acconunodationw unsurpassed.
Fare tl'ioo
Steerage 00
Round Trip Tickets 2" 00 j
For freight or passage, apply to
JOHN W. WYATT, Agent,
tie (J—2l No. 3 Governor street.
TjMm NEW YORK. i
The VIROINIA STEAMSHIP and pTc'"i
COMPANY'S elegant Bteamshlp WILLIAM P.
CLYDE, Captain Drkw, will leave her wharf
at Rocketts ou FRIDAY', December sth. at 4
P.M.
Connecting with steamers for Hartford, Nor- i
wich, Stoiiing'.oii, Fall Kiver aud Boston from I
-am,, pier.
Freight received up to the hour of saUiug.
Close connections and through bills of lading
given to all southern, eastern, and western
places also, to Europe and Australia.
Fare, lb; meals and state-rooms, extra.
11. J. BURR, President,
1214 Main street.
WAsmaoT'.ii Co., agents, Pier 12, North river,
New York. de B—3t
N. B Steamer George B. 1 pton Is tempora
rily withdrawn for repairs.
__ ILL, BIS SI ITHKD TO SUBSCRIBERS
W ONLY—Now ready, in one volume, Demi,
—etavo, price in Morocco cloth bevelled, black
auU gold, fl. Libriu'v style, marbled edges,
»3.50. Half Morocco, il. A POPULAR LIFE
OF GENERAL ROBERT E. LEE, by Emily V.
Mason, dedicated by permission to Mrs. Lee.
Embellished wiih seventeen original da.igns by I
Profe-sor Yplck, illustrating the principal scenes
,n his life.
One such example is worth more to earth
Thaii thu stained triumphs of ten thousand
Ciaaara."
This work is issued in au elegant, antl attract
'b<ne volume, to which a very low price is aflixed,
so as lo pla.ee It within the reach of the soldiers
-rhorn he commanded, and the people by whom
he was loved and honored.
Experienced agents wanted in all parts of tlie
country, to sell the above, and other important
works. Exclusive territory given. Address
Jonx Moarnv Co., Publishers, Baltimore.
Preparing for early publication, embellished
with a iine portrait of the Chief Justice, on
steel. In one volume, octavo, printed on fine pa
per, and bound in Morocco cloth bevelled, price
46. Library style, marbled edges, to. Half
Morocco, 17. AMEMOIROFROGK.RBROOKE
TANEY, LL. D Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States. By Samuel Tyler,
LL. D. This work will be of extraordinary in
terest and permanent value to the historian, the
lawyer, the statesman, and every intelligent
reader. A portion of the profits will be for the
benefit of the family of Chief Justice Taney.
Address J. MURPHY k CO.,
r»7-_l Publishers, Baltimore.
XJ-TTKRICK'S PATTERNS
FALL AND WINTER FASHIONS
Late atyles Just received; alao, MuTaoroLHas
for December. Principal agency at the office of
the HOWE SEWINtr-.MACHfNE.B2S Main
atreet J. F Mt'ICENNEY.
-olO—tf
;if Mttmg jitate gtountal j J
VIRCINIA LEGISLATURE.
i
TinitsriAY, Dec. 'I
111,, i-,. nl' l>,-lr_nlr>.
The members generally were in on tinir, j
looking as fresh as though they bad all te- y
tired at the usual early hour adopted by n
the majority when at home. To the credit
of the present body, we are glad to say i
there is, so far, no evidence to suppose i 0
there will be as much dissipation as dis- {j,
graced the career of its predecessor. Yet
oil. can't tell what will be until there is an
incentive for such an indulgence, or until
the pressure of ",obs" is brought to bear.
Nous verront. j
House called to order by Speaker Hang-
er at 12 o'clock, at which time the scr- ii
geant-at-arms cleared the room of all visi
tors. This thorough clearance of the Hall f
gare a pleasant silence. 1]
Prayer by the Rev. Dr. Woodbridgc v
The proceedings of yesterday were read by I
the clerk. i j
On motion of Mr. Kelly, a resolution
was passed orduriug tha printing of -10 n
copies rales of the House.
Mr. Jones, of Greensville, asked for 0
leave of absence for the member from Sits-
i sex until Monday next. Leave granted.
Greater interest was manifested in the
galleries to-day, and among the visitors we
observed a lady.
Mr. Booker moved to suspend the rules, j
i that he might offer the following resolution.
The rules were suspended, and resolution
passed:
Resob-ed, Thai tlie Committee oil Rules he di
stracted to Inquire into ihe eTisedteney* el so ai
-Mending the rules, as to restore to the 4ea)eral
oonu_ltteeatt_ff _VP-_Hi-i'-t of iheir respective
clerks.
Mr. Kelly offered the following, which
I was adopted: lr
Resolrett, That tlie cleik furnish each member n
of the Hou>e Willi copies of Aria of Assembly aa ir
;he may have them, and also a copy of the Code
of Virginia, to be returned ten a—ays before ad- s
joummem. tl
On motion of Gen. Walker, at 20 minutes t(
i past 12 the House adjourned. Six dollars S,
a day, made in twenty minutes, is totem*
Iblygood for high. The Governor would n
|do well to write another message, asking jri
the members to give to the poor old State
i all their pay except that for the twenty j U
minutes work performed to-da}'.
We trust the Governor will consider our ol
i proposition and give the matter his inline
j diate attention. si
Senate.
11
We closed our report of Senate proceed- tl
i ings yesterday before the adjournment of
that Cody, and as we desire to embrace the
fullest possible reports of the proceedings
of the Legislature in our weekly edition, jj
we, to-day, supply the omission of jester- j,
<**y- ci
Col. Connally offered the following reso- <j
lution, which lies over under the rules
Resolved, 'I'liat m> much of the Governor's raes-
.aire as reiates to immigration lie referred to a
special joint committee of the two Houses three if
from ihe Senate and live from Ihe House of liele-
eaten.
Mr. Boykin offered a joint resolution
extending the time for making returns by
j treasurers and collectors to the Ist of
I February.
The rules wre suspended for its con
sidcration.
The resolution was discussed for half J;
:an hour and then referred to a special
I committee of three, consisting of Messrs.
Boykin, Perm, and Anderson, of Pittsyl-
vania.
The following joint resolution was offered
by Mr. Thomas. It lies over under the
Resolved, Thai ao much of the Governor's
Message a» proposes amendment- to the consti
tution of Virginia, be referred to a joint commit- li
tee of aeveu on the part of the House and five V
on the port of the Senate, and that said commit-
tee be authorized to consider the expe-lebcy of
proposing such amendments to the conatitiuion
as they may deem expedient and necessary in *J
tlie manner now prescribed by the constitution
an I laws; or the alternative or presenting a bill o
submitting: the question for calling: a convention I
j for the purpose of framing a new constitution
i for the state of Virginia, and providing foi the s,
apportionment and election of delegates.
The following bills were introduced and I
referred to (he appropriate committees, j j
when appointed (J
By Mr. Anderson, of Rockbridge—A r
bill to amend and reenact the act in relation
to the chain-gangs—approved July 11,,
1870. t
By tho Same —To provide for the estab- j
lishment of a Bureau of Immigration. j J
By Mr. Thomas —Continuing the pay- j r
ment of interest and dividends to the iucor- i
j porated colleges, or other seminaries of I t
1 learning, in the State. j
By Mr. Taylor, of Norfolk—To appro-1 j
I priate the revenue arising from the pro-
cecds of the land scrip accruing to "Virginia j
under tho act of Congress of 2d July, i
j 1802, and the acts amendatory thereof for
I purposes of education, to the I diversity of j
I Virginia, the Virginia Millitary Institute,
and tlie Hampton Normal and Agricultu- i
ral Institute. j
■Ou motion of Mr. Taylor, of Loudoun, I
the resident clergy of the city were invited
Ito open the sessions of the body with j
prayer.
I Adjourned until 12 o'clock to-morrow.
Thursday, Dec 7,
The Leiutenant Governor, in the Chair, j
Prayer by the Rev. Dr. Preston. i
A communication from the clerks of the j i
two houses accompanying a certificate of!
the publication of the proposed amendment j
j to the constitution in relation to usuary I
was read and laid on the table. I
1 BILLS, (SC., I'KKSICNTKII ANI> KEKERKI)
I By Mr. Pridemore—Bill to amend and
reenact chapter 117 of tho Acta of 00-70
"I in relation to pays and mileage of members
a iof the General Assembly.
By Mr. Hundley—Petition of Robert i
jj B. Berkley, contesting the seat of A. P. j
l.athrop, senator returned from the four-; j
teenth district. j
By Mr. Nowlin—Bill to repeal an act!
j passed March 2, 1800, entitled "an net to
preserve and extend the time for the exer-
cisc of certain civil rights and remedies."
I By same—Bill to amend and reenact j
the sth and 7th sections of registration i
1 law.
By Mr. Fit/.patrick—Bill to amend and I
c reenact an act passed March 10, 1800, in-
if corporating the town of Powelltown in the
county of Amherst.
By Mr. Wynne —Bill to secure the pre- j
i' i servation of historical papers in the Capitol
building,
a |By Mr. Grimsley—Bill to provide for
1 State Board of Legislation,
By Mr. Fitspatrick—Bill to aaacnil and
_ reenact 28th chapter of acts 00-7.
STANDINO C'OMMITTKEH. j
The President announced the appoint-
ment of the following standiug com-1
mittees:
i Privileges and Elections— Messrs. Penu, I
Jf Johnson, Taylor of Loudoun, Pridemore I
and Rue.
I Courts of Justice— Messrs. Herudon,
Holler, Thomas, Connolly, Perm, Kronrli,
Fitzpatriok, Kirkpatrick and Massey.
General Laws —Messrs. Fit/.patrick,
Johnson, Lackland, Anderson of Kocls>
bridge Nowlin, I'alUr>on. Taylor „f T.ou
doun, Hundley, Norton.
lioads and fvtrrnal Kerrigat Vori—Messrs.
Taylor, of Norfolk llolladay. Cochran,
Thomas, Terry, Qucsenberry, Ward, J. 11.
A. Smith and Nutting.
Piiiancc —Messrs. Thomas, Cochran,
Wynne, Greever, Anderson, of Pittsylva
nia Meeni, Johnson, IJoykin and J_r
throp.
Public Tas/iiutioiis— Messrs. Anderson,
of Rockbridge Kirkpatrick, Cochran, llol
laday, Roller, Perrin and Greene.
Hanks —Messrs. Roller, Wynne, Pent, j
Grimsley, Smilh, Ijatham, Lewis, Nowlin
and Martin.
Connly, Cilg and Town Organization j
Messrs. Grimsley, Connolly, franch,
Lewis, Qucsenberry, Hundley, Btazley, j
Pridcmore, and Rptiinson.
Immigration —Messrs Kirkpatrick,Grlms
lev, Taylor of Norfolk, Menu, Latham,
llerndon, Lackland, Anderson of Pittsyl
vania, and Graham.
Library —Messrs. Johnson, Wynne, and
Anderson of Pittsylvania.
Other committees to be hereafter an
nounced.
After the reference of some resolutions
of inquiry the Senate adjourned.
FORTY-SECOND CONGRESS —2tl Session!
j;
Wednesday, lieremhcr
Sl-NATdB.
Mr. Authony introduced a bill to prevent
and punish bribery in the election of elec-
tors for President and Vice-President of tho
United States.
Mr. Scott, from llio Joint Select Com- 1
mittee. on the late insurrectionary States, I
reported that three witnesses simimoned
had refused to appear and testify and he
submitted a concurrent resolution directing
the sergeant-at-arms to lake them into "jus-
totiy and to bring them to the bar of thi;
Senate to answer for their co-tempt.
Mr. Scott stated that desired the
resolutions to bo laid over o.i>t:l to-nior-j,
row.
Mr. Robertson moved to take up the 1
House general amnesty bill.
The bill was read, when Mr. Pomeroy
objected to its consideration.
Mr. Robertson then gave notice that he
should call it, up on Monday next.
The Senate then, at 1:10 P. M., went
into executive session, and, after some time
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. Hanks offered a resolution calling
upon the I'resideiit to communicate to the
House, if not incompatible with the public
interests, copies of ail orders issued to tho
commanders of United States vessels in
Cuban waters directing them to protect the
lives and property of American citizens and
to maintain liie dignity oi the American
flag and also all papers not heretofore
communicated to Congress in relation to the
recent insult to American citizens by Cv-
Mr. Snapp introduced a resolution di
recting the i 'ominittee on Railways and
Canals to inquire into the expediency of
connecting the -bores of Lake Michigan
and tho Mississippi river with a ship canal.
Referred to the Committee on Railways
and Canals.
Mr. liuftington introduced a bill for the
construction of life preserving stations on
the coast of Cape Cod. Referred to the Com
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr, Willard introduced a bill to regu
late the manner of making appointments to
the civil service of the United States. Re
ferred to tlie committee on the subject.
The Speaker announced the following as
the special committee on the reorganization
of the civil service, viz: Messrs. Kelley,
Pa.; Hooper, Mass.; Conger, Mich.; Lynch,
Me.; Perry, Ohio Willard, Vt.; Wood,
N. V.; Marshall, 111.; and Holmes, Ind.
Mr. Chipman introduced a bill granting
a donation of 2,">()0,000 acres 01 public
lands for the benefit of the public schools
of the District of Columbia, and moved it
reference to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. Taflb said the Public Land Commit
tee was the proper ono to consider the sub
ject.
Mr. Perce wanted it referred to the Com
mittee on Kducation aud Labor.
Mr. Chipman preferred that it -hould go
to Dislrict Committee, and after they had
examined it it could go back to the Public
Land Committee for further investigation.
The bill was finally referred to the Pub
lie Land Committee.
Mr. Kanveil introduced a bill for the re
lief of sufferers by tho Chicago fire. Refer
red to the Ways and Means Committee.
Mr. Kellogg Introduced bill to amend the
j act granting pensions lo soldiers of 1812.
Referred to Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. Cox introduced a bill to secure to
authors the benefits of the international
copy-right, -ml for the protection of the
interests of publishers and book agents, j
j Referred to Committee on Library.
Mr. Ketcham introduced a bill for the j
relief oi James Uelger. Refeired to Com-
mittee on Military Allitii*.
Mr. Gai'iield, from the Committee ou
Appropriations, repotted a resolution li—
I ractang the Committee on thu Reorganiza
tion of the Civil Service to report at an
early day a bill providing by law what
standing committees of the House shall be.
allowedto employ clerks, and to fix the
rate of compensation. Refeired to the
special committee on the subject.
Mr. Banks offered a resolution reqtiest
j ing the Secretary of Stale to inform the
j House if any action is necessary for the
better security and protection of the pa
i pers and archives of the State Department, i
Mr. Hanks thought the destruction of
Wall's Opera House last night called for
i this action. Agreed to.
The House then resumed consideration
of the resolution offered yesterday by Mr.
i Starkweather, providing lor a new drawing
!of Beats, the question being upon Mr.
j Polos' motion to lay the resolution on the
table. This was rejected by a rising vote
lof OS yeas to 00 nays. On a yea and nny
vote there were 105 yeas and ft)fl nays.
The question then recurred upon the
passage of the resolution, and it was re
i jected by a vote ol* 10 1 yeas to 107 nays.
Mr. Wood moved to reconsider aud lay
that motion on the table, and, tho yeas and
nays Deing demanded, tho motion was
j agreed to—yeaa iOH, nays 101.
j On motion of Mr. Maynard, it was or
dered that when the House adjourn to
j morrow it be until Monday next.
The House then resumed consideration
of tho bill reported yesterday from the
l I Post-Office Commiitee in relation to the
postal laws and the reading of the bill was
j concluded.
I-O C;-Vl_ ]>__4_ r JL V I _14 S.
w „..___= j
German Opera.—We greatly regret
that fhe crowded state of onr columns on I
yesterday, excluded a notice of the Formes- I
I Habelmann German Opera company now
I performing at lhe theatre. On both Tuea- j
I day and last night the dress circle and J
i orchestra were filled with the beauty and j
I fashion of Richmond, and all were charmed j
j with the renditions of Verdi's immortal
i "II Trovatore" and Flotow's beautiful
"Martha."
On Tuesday, the company gave "Trova- j
j tore." There is no opera that has a
stronger hold on tho popular heart. It is
j leplete with distinct and grand solos, the
grandeur of which are but increased by i
I their being "as familiar as household
words." Its concerted music in gran-!
deur and beauty is not less im-!
pressive than the solos, ami through it j
all runs the wail and low sigh of the
Miserere." We always hear this opera
with increased admiration every perform
ance reveals to us some new bcaul v, and
we cannot resist declaring with Owen Mere
dith, "of all Verdi's operas, give me Trova
tore." Its sweel, sad strains lull us into
blissful serenity, and causes a man to j
feel what ho ia and what he might have j
j been, and grieve as the millers in Arcadia
i grieved over their exile, over his better I
j nature lost."
Madame Rozetti rendered Leonora most j
j artistically, exhibiting great dramatic pow-
I er, aud sang superbly. In this great role
she recalled to us the renowned artist Zuc
chi, who has been accepted by the world
|as the greatest of Leonoras. ller acting
I aud singing in the climacteric of the fourth
act was such as to entitle her to the highest
praise, and she was most enthusiastically
eworetl hy the audience. She has made!
herself a great favorite with the Richmond I
public. Madam Rozetti has, until recent- j
ly, been singing in New York with the j
great tenor Wachtel, as the prima donna of
lhe operatic company with which he sang.
AYe state this to show her high rank in her
profession. Madame Dzmba acquitted her- j
self handsomely as Azueena. She sang
d'.'ligl,'.fully, and acted with power. Carl j
Deaunard, the I, nor robnsto, made his first I
j appearance as Manrico. lie performed the
pr.ii [ili'iHiintlv and artistically. Indeed, it
|is only dona belter when committed to j
somi inarvelTosusly.gifted tenor like Mario j
Of Wachtel.
Provincial audiences are rarely delighted
by a better performance.
William Kormes made a fine impression
in "De Luna," and increased his admirers
in this city. His full, rich baritone came
out splendidly. His execution of "De
Profundie" was heartily encored.
Weinlich had a subordinate pan, aud
had nu opportunity to display his fine voice
or great powers as an actor.
I.list night "Martha" was given, and in
it Madame Bertha Romer made her first
appearance iv the title role. She has a
sweet, melodious voice and acts with very
pleasing archiness. Her singing of the
"Last Rose of Summer" was cordially ap
plauded, and she was compelled to respond.
M'lle Dziuba as Nancy was unmistak
ably the favorite of the evening. She acted
with fascinating coyness, and sang as she
always does, delightfully.
Carl Formes performed I'lunkett with
meritable humor, and illustrated his won
derful abilities as an actor. It is impossi
ble lo conceive of a more marked contrast
than nis successful performance of two
such dissimilar characters as Mesphistoph
les and I'lunkett. His voice was in fine
condition, and his great, deep chest tones
were magnificent.
Habelmann, the great tenor, sang Lionel
with all that clear, pure melody which has
made his reputation world-wide. In the
first and second acts he appeared to be
economizing his voice, and reserving him
self for the great trial of the third act. In
this act he threw out his best notes in all
their power aud beauty, with the purity of
a thrush in spring.
To-night tlie beautiful opera "Stradella"
will be performed.
Sewing Machines— The Willcox fy
Oibbs. —Wc love them, because they are
of incalculable benefit and assistance to the
ladies and wo love anything that benefits
them. Not alone for this reason, but be- j
cause the present day fashion, render them I
absolutely necessary.
Messrs. Willcox Gibbs favor us with
an advertisement of their excellent ma
chines, and ask us through the columns of
our widely circulated Weekly to bring it
to the notice of our readers. We are not
practical operators, and of course arc inca
pable of judging the relative merits of the
various competitors for public favor but i
when the very lair terms are allowed of j
u>ing the machine, a month, on trial, we are
satisfied it contains a singular merit. Read
j the advertisement antl Communicate with
Mr. Gibbs, Ninth ana Rank street, Rich- j
mond, wlio will tell you all about the'arti- i
cle he has for sale.
Hustings Court.—ln this court, yes- i
terday, Thomas Carroll, intiicted for tin-
lawfully shooting Isabella Rix, was tried,
and found guilty and sentenced to pay v fine
of SSS, and to be confined iv the city jail for
twenty-four hours.
Charles Carter, colored, was fried for en
teiing tile store of Messrs. Albert Ordway
Co., found guilty, and sent to jail and la
j ber n'njty dajs.
Clinton Allen, colored, charged with
I burglariously entering the stable of Dr.
W. F. Farrur, was found guilty and sent to
j the city jail and labor for thirty days.
Several notaries public came forward and
I renewed their bonds.
I The Southern Planter and
FARMER. —This very excellent home
work for December, has been laid upon
our table by its present proprietor, -lohn
W. Rison, 'Es,,.
The great improvements which mark the
present number give evidence of its skillful
f, management, and promise to make it, in
future, the prized companion of the farmers
I of the South; to whom we cannot com
mend its choice practical contents, in too
strong language. We heartily wish success
to T/if Planter and Parmer,
s'l A Slight Misunderstanding.—
3 We understand that two prominent law
f yers of this city engaged in a regular set-to
in the Chancery court room, a day or two
b since, both of whom were fined $_5, but
which was afterwards remitted.
r j Trade and Commerce.—We are mi
i j debtee! to Rush Burgess, Esq., for a copy
8 i of the report on the Trade and Commerce of
Richmond for 1871, and several years pre
j ceding, compiled for the Richmond Cham
ber of Commerce, by the Secretary.
-a*.
n Henrico County Court—Judge, E,
c C Minor, Presiding. —Mat Enroughty
c j and Isaac Goode were found guilty of au
s j unlawful assault, and sentenced to a fine of
I |50 and fifteen days' imprisonment.
LOCAL NOT US.
—Up to yesterday, tfI,OOS,O6TM of the
j State debt had been funded in accordance
with tlie act of the last Legislature.
-Yesterday .Mrs. Margaret Dice w_s
thrown from her horse, about seven miles
1 below the city, and severely injured.
—The weather has abated its severity.
j The lirst "cold snap" of tlie season has
j passed, and to-day the sun sends its warm
rays all over the earth.
—A colored man named Manuel was ar
rested Monday by Con-table Robinson, of
I Henrico, for an aggravated assault with an
axe upon Mrs. Ellen Eubank and Deputy
Sheriff Walsh. Ho was bailed for his ap
pearance to-morrow.
The Academy of Musk: and its
I Attractions— The Favorites. —To tho
i lovers of real jolly, rollicking fun, no place
in Richmond affords a better opportunity
of obtaining it, than the Academy of
Music. The present proprietor, Messrs.
Harper Tyler, have, at considerable ex
pense and trouble, secured the very best
talent they could find, both male and
female, whose efforts are nightly rewarded
by a good attendance.
Frank Howe, tlie principal comic actor,
j and leader of the entertainments, is a geu
t'einan of decided ability, and shows such a
I refinement as will secure for him ultimate
!ly a higher position. He is rapidly becom
i ing a genera! favorite.
Among the females, the "llvams Sis
ters," Misses Jeannie and Estella, the for
mer as an actress and the latter as a bird
of song, are truly ladies of merit, and
should have a Witter field I'or the display of
their rare artistic abilities. Although on
an humble board, they perform their parts
with a cheer and hearty good will, which
always makes a favorable impression.
A female trapeze performer is one of the
wonders of the nineteenth century, and
yet this cunning little place affords the
public an opportunity of witnessing the
daring and wonderful feats of M'lle. Rosetta,
the fearless queen of agility.
Miss Annie Clair exhibits wonderful i
training and perfection as a jig dancer.
She is truly remarkable, and but for a lack
of animation would soon become a more
than ordinary favorite.
In our notice we must not forget to men
tion the rolicking, mirth making Jeannet
Ross, who, but for the misfortune of being
married, would win a host of admirers
among the boys.
Altogether the company at this place is
equal, if not superior to any similar estab
lishment in the. country. The entertain
ments are amusing, and one who spends an
evening there goes away satisfied that our
city is rapidly improving in its amuse
ments.

Supreme Court of Appeal*, yes
terday.— Lewellen for, 4c,, vs. Lock
hart, &c. This is an appeal from a decree
of the Corporation court of the city of Nor
folk, pronounced on the 12th day of May,
1871, in the case of AVm. and John Lock
hart against J. Richard Lewellen, sergeant
of said city. The said decree perpetually
restrained the said sergeant from collecting
the sum of the amount assessed upon
the complainants by commissioners of the
revenue for the keeping of a billiard saloon,
with ten tables, in the city of Norfolk.—
This courts decides that the same laws are
constitutional, aud that therefore that the
said decree of the Corporation court of Nor
folk is erroneous, and it is ordered and de
creed that the said injunction be dissolved,
and the bill of the appellee be dismissed.
l'oagc vs. Greenlee's executrix, itc. This
is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit
Court of Rockbridge county. It was heard
by this court at its last session in Staunton,
and decided here to-day, Judge Christian
delivering the opinion of the court. This
court being of opinion that, under all the
circumstances of this case, the mode of
adjustment adopted by the court below is in
accordance with sound principles of equity,
and best secures tho rights of all tho par
j lies, therefore orders and decrees that the
said decree of the Circuit Court of Rock
bridge county be affirmed.
After the above cases were decided, the
case of Sands vs. the Commonwealth was
taken up, and J. IL Young, Esq., con
sumed the remainder of the session in an
j argument on behalf of Sands.
The argument in the Sands case was con
i tinned to-day, but had not been concluded
when our report closed.
Annual Meeting of Stockhold
ers. —The annual meeting of the stock
holders of tho Chesapeake and Ohio Rail
road company convened at 12 o'clock
to-day, at the Exchange Hotel, pursuant
i to previous notice.
After the preliminaries of organization,
the annual report of the president and di
j rectors was presented and read.
On motion, the report was referred to a
I select committee to consist of eleven mem-
I bers, to be designated by the chair.
Tlie ('hair named the following geutle
men as composing said committee Messrs.
A. U. 11. Stuart, Elliot Vawter, Charles
E. Worth-in. William S. Keen, B. 11. Ma
j gruder, C. X, Mason, Henry J. Smith,
j Henry Cady, John I'age, Boiling W. Ilax
all, and li. li. Guthrie.
In order to give the committee time to
consider the matters referred to it, the
meeting, on motion, adjourned until five
o'clock this afternoon.
A NUMBER of our Democratic friends
have informed us since our return, that we
had gone to New Orleans. We are satis
fied this is a mistake, and that we still live
i and have our existence iv Richmond to
plague these same Democrats yet awhile
longer. We are not going to deny that a
wanner climate just muc would be more
i agreeable to us, but then, we have a work
i yet to perform in the old State we are un
I willing to resign until completed. That
work is, lo make Virginia a Republican
State, and to assist in having her cast her
vote for l Jj. Grant in 1872. When we
i shall have accomplished our part of this
i noble work, then we may be willing to
give up our old Mother but until then,
i we hope to keep "pegging away" at the
stronghold of the enemy of prosperity and
and of our dearest political liberties.
Magazines and Newspapers.—
Those who wish to arrange for their read
j ing matter for the coming year are referred
>j to the advertisement of C. F. Johnson,
1 newsdealer, 918 Main street, to be found in
our paper. As will be seen, Mr. Johnson
is the authorized agent for all the promi
i nent literary and illustrated publications of
the day, and will receive and receipt for
i subscriptions at publishers rates. c re
j commend him to all as a prompt and relia
ble business man. (live him a call.
The supper of the Mechanics' Union
will take place to-night at Schott's Mon
y ticello Hall. A number of distinguish gen
u tlemen havo been invited aud will attend,
>f and the occasion will doubtless be one of
interest and pleasure,
The Carroll Cask.—The trial of Ur
ease, in the Hustings Court on yesterday,
is creating considerable comment through
nut the city. Some time ago Thomas Car
roll shot and slightly wounded Isabella i
I!i\, the keeper of a house of ill-repute in
the lower part of the city, for the alleged I
betrayal of his daughter. For this he was I
arrested and tried by Police Justice White,
under the recent act of the Legislature au-
thorizing the Police Justice to dispose of i
all rases of misdemeanor. Justice White
discharged Carroll, but required him to
give security to keep the peace. I
Carroll was afterwards indicted, and I i
tried before the Hustings Court on yester
day, for the same offence, antl sentenced to t
twenty-four hours' imprisonment, and fined t
>sj nnd costs. It is now asked, Can a mam i
be tried twice for the same offence
There is a great deal of rivalry between j
the Police Justice and the officers' of the
Hustings court upon the right of the Police j
Justice to finally dispose of misdemeanor
cases. When such cases are disposed of j
by the Justice, the Hustings court officers
arc deprived of their fees for the proseru- j j
tion. I
It is a fact, that the laws of the State re- I
ijuire that a pcrsou shall be proven to be
of good moral character, before a license
shall be granted to keep a bar-room. The
records of the Hustings court, of course,
will show this to be true in the case of t
1-alnlia l',\x, while the fact is notorious <j
that she is proprietress of one ;of the most t
noted brothels in flu- city, and fhat her
house is frequently the scene of disturb
ances nml difficulties. c
The Virginia Delegation.— Mem-
bers of Congress from this State are on the t
following committees:
Mr. Critcher—Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
Mr. Piatt—Naval Affairs; Public Build- I p
ings find l.lrouuds. i m
.Mr. Porter— Post-Office and Post- f
Roads) Revolutionary Pensions and War I p
of lljjp>.
Mr. Stowel!—Maniifuctmes Revolution- j I
arv Claims. I c
Mr. Duke—Expenditures on Public j i
Buildings; Select Committee on the Mis- i o
sissippi l.evecs. t
Mr. Harris—Claims. t
Mr. Draxton—Kre "dnien's Affairs.
Mr. Terry—Military AU'airs. j
Wayward George's Resoli th in. J
The resolution olf'.red to-day in the j t
House, by Mr. Hooker, of Henry, giving to h
the different committees the power to ap
point their own clerks, is right upon prin- fl
ciple. We have always favored the rule
that all bodies were more capable of
choosing their clerks than could possibly be
outsiders. !!e>ide this, it relieves the Clerk t
of the House from the annoyance of appli- r
cations, which must be agreeable to him.
We have no interest in the matter, but b
believe the present proposed plan to be the
best one that could be adopted. d
FntE in Ashland.—On Monday alter- I
noon a fire occurred in the store of'W. P.
Mayo, in Ashland. The timely aid of the
students of Randolph Macon College and j
the citizens, prevented the spread of the I
tiaines. The goods, insured in the Virginia
Suite, of this city, were removed before
sustaining any damage, and the building
was only slightly damaged. j

Sale or a Lot on Main Street.—
The lot on the southeast corner of Main
and Thirteenth streets was sold nt auction s
yesterday by Wellington Goddin, Esq.. for i
|7U> per front foot, and was purchased by
Win. 15. Isaacs Co. The whole amount I
paid fur the above described lot was some
thing over $20,000. This looks well for
the real estate interests of the city. _
Liar ay L'nmailable Letters Re
maining in the Richmond Post
office, December 7th, 1871.— Geo.
I. Herring Co., Richmond; W. W.
Wright, Howling Green; Miss M. Yancey,
Wm. Allen, colored,
Fleming Saunders, Yellow Hranch, Va.
—i ._-»-
Delayed Again.—The mail train on
the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Poto-
mac railroad is again behind time to-day.
It did not leave ..quia Creek till 1 o'clock
this afternoon, and will not arrive here till
-1:25. The delay is caused by ice in the
Potomac river.
Another Case of Fatal Birning.
—On Tuesday afternoon, about 5 o'clock,
a colored child, 4 years old, daughter of
Edward Johnson, who resides on Cumber
land street, between Cherry and ('ul J it,
in Sidney, was so badly turned by her
clothes taking fire, that she died yesterday
afternoon at live o'clock, after twenty-four
hours of excruciating suttering.
Stable Burned.—The alarm of fire j
yesterday evening, at I o'clock, turn- I
ed in from box 21, corner Twenty-fifth and
Broad streets, was caused by the burning i
of Mr. John W. Grettcr'.s stable, on Thir-
ticth street, between Broad and Marshall.
Tlie tire was the work of an incendiary.—
LosS, WO. No insurance.
Fair in Manchester.—The colored
ladies, members of the Daughters of
Samaria," of Manchester, will open a Fair
on Friday night, in Curley's Hall, on
Thirteenth street, for the benefit of the
Colored l'a;itist church of that city. The
citizens of Richmond are invited to patron
ize the Fair.
A Good Shot.— thir friend, Billy
Peaselv, yesterday, shot through the head,
and killed, a wild duck with a pistol at the
distance of fifty yards. Had we have
known Billy was so good a marksman we
never would have said a word about him,
and now apologize for all we did say.
An Eminent Gentleman in Limbo.
—Judge George Dabney Woolen, was on
yesterday committed to jail for contempt
of court, for using threatening language to
ward Mr. Andrew Jinkins, the clerk. He
i was discharged this morning upon sending
an apology to the Judge.
We appli. I General (Irani for lhe -mitre.'
his message. Wo were almost a*ham,-<l of the
length of our running condensation and comment
upon li. The example of such brevity is good,
and It Is to b« hoped It will be followed ami im- i
proved upon by future II lilaaaa. Us—it nfl i
Might not your Governor have done well j
J to imitate the Presidents example Guess
the Dispatch hadn't seen the Governor's
when it wrote the above favoring brevity.- I
r Not a Lunatic, but Very Poor.—
Yesterday a commission de lunatieo inoui
re.ndo was held to inquire into the condi
tion of Jeannie Anderson, a colored wo
man, who was pronounced sane, but or
l dered to be sent to the alms-house.

A Poor Lawyer.—We regret to state
that Mr. William Hancock, a member of
I* the Richmond bar, is now an inmate of the
city alms-house.
&______ &___.. _i mwAt
Official Paper for the _o»er__.eilt.

RATE!. OK t-MtM-M
ONE DOLLAR |"T square of lines, solid
iionpnriel.
SPECIAL KATES mad* at counter, ly
contract, '.villi rssgi.l— e (.uroi—,.
Police Court— Justice J. J. White
presiding. —The following cases were dis
posed of to-day:
John Barrett, charged with trespassing
upon the office of the City Water VV'orks.
Bound over for three months in the sum
of
George W. Prenson, charged with un
lawfully and habitually carrying concealed
deadly weapons. Dismissed, the charge
not being proved.
Mary S. Freeman, charged with using
profane and indecent language on the
streets. Hound over for three months in
the sum of $50.
Wm. Eliain, charged with breaking into
the lime kiln of Wm. Smith, and stealing
therefrom six bags, one hammer, and a
pitchfork. Found guilty and sent on to the
Hustings Court.
Sally Johnson, charged with stealing v
lot of iron, the property of Sam Flournoy.
Found guilty and sentenced to five days'
confinement in city jail.
JohnW. Pearce, charged with assaulting
and threatening to shoot Henry S. Clarke.
Settled by the parties in accordance with
the statute, and the case dismissed.
Wm. 11. Wilson and Wm. Langford,
old offenders, charged with stealing a lot of
clothing, a table and basket, the property
of Martha Carnell. Not guilty of larceny,
but considered suspicious characters, and
bound over for three months in the sum of
♦UK) each under the city ordinace in such
cases made and provided.
tt-ir" I'aiir It Co. arc still Mall—• lust Aiith",
cite C.Vtl .it from t"1.7.1 to ts per ton Clover Hlil
from t-_- to |S-_ per loud. Wood at. lowest
prices for cash. Nineteenth and Cary or Too
Grace atreel.
—-B llioiin,-on'. Pomade Uptime, a. v -rea
lly: for the Hair, la all that is required; purely
vegetable and highly perfumed, il softens, im
pi-ovea and iHiautifle. the Hair, sir.ingtheiis the
roots, and gives It a rich glossy appearance.—
For sale by all druggists. Price, :t5 antl 7j cents
per bottle.
fegT-oiiven*. Inostoroli. Kid Glove Clenuri*
By its aid gloves can be quickly and repeatedly
clennesl and made equal to new even when bad
ly soiletl they can Up readily restored. It is easy
of ai>plicatiou and is perferi'eetly free, from any
dor. For sale by ilnijrjri.ts and fancy goods
dealers. Price, 23 cuts a bottle.
*_r Thurston's Ivory Pearl Tooth Pewdera.
is strongly recommended as tlie best dentrlfrice
known. It cloanacs ami preserves the teeth
hardens the gums, sweetens the breath; and, con
taining no acid or grltly substance, is perfectly
harmless, and can lie used daily with great nd
vantage. Sold by all druggists. Price, 25 and
Iser bottle.
MARRIED.
In Munch out tT, Va November SOili, 1671, by
the Rev. G K. HurdfnK. W>. KOHKRT T.
MOOIU- to Miss SARAH WI_SOQT; both oT
terf.e.(. county, Va.
On the Oth instant, by ihe Rev. C-reni-ge Woort
bridgc, 1). D. f Mr. .fAMKS T. fJII.I-IAM, oi
(Miarlottt* county, to Miss Kl_I_EN N., only
daughtProC John EiitrroUi, E?q.
DIED.
On ihe Jab iOßUint, in this city, .JOHN J..
.TOYNES, in the forty-seventh year of his age
In this city, on the morning of ihe 3d Instant,
Mrs. MARY A., wife of I>.\ .lolu. fi. Frit*...., ol
Henrico.
On the Ath instant, eu Church Hill, afi.er a
protracted IttMM of three month-), Mr*. I'ATSY
TIXSI.EY, aged about .sixty three years.
-Sws_ i __i^srp^ioi)rc^s7&c.
XTOYI IS THK TIME TO SI BM. 11l BE FOR
_> NEWSPAPERS, MAOAZINES, kc, for
the coming year. Any of the following will be
sent by mail lo any iuldre*,. for one year at rat©-*
annexed:
DAILY Ano sg-i-wßax-ir.
N. Y. Herald tVI 00 N. Y. World 112 06
N. Y. Tribune 111 (Xl N. Y. Times mis,
N. y/.Snn o(i N". Y. Journal i,r
N. Y. Slants 7.t>\- Commerce la oil
tniig 900 N. Y. •Standard... 6 («i
N. Y. Semi-Week- K. Y. Semi-Wecli
ly World 4 (X,| ly Tribune
WKT'KI.T PAPBRS.
American Arli- liisli People luo
sail 5 00 N. Y. Ledger ;l tri
Albion 4 IK) London lllustru,
Appleton's Jour- ted News ll oo
nal 4 00 New York Mercu-
American Union. 260 ry .10*
('Upper 4 00 Literary t'ompa-
Couutry Oentle- nion :i (s>
man.. 2 ell Liviu.; Ace s IW
Courier DesEtate N. Y. Nation i (JO
Ennis i 00 Police (Gazette... 4 00
Citizen _ Round Pomeroy's Demo
Table 4 SO crat 2Mi
Day's Doings 400 Plymouth Pulpit 4 lie
Every Saturday. 800 Pilot _oo
Frank Leslie's 11- Police News 4 (Si
lustrated Raper 400 Rural New York-
Frank Leslie's 400 er (m
Ohinnu*y Cor- Saturday Jour
ner 4 Oit rial oo
Frank Leslie's Revolution 2 UU
L.idieb' Journal 100 Sattlrilay Night. 300
Frank Leslie's Scientific Ameri
lloys' k dirls' can j oo
Weekly 250 Sporting Times... 40u
Freeman's Join- Turf, Field and
mil 300 Farm imt
Fireside I'ompan- NY. Weekly :t 00
ion S (IO True Flag. .100
Flag of Our IVaverley tOO
T.'uion :i oo Yankee Made 3 oo
Harper's Bazar.. 400 Western World... 300
Weekly 4Ou .Voodhull Claf-
In,l,•pendent .100 lin's Weekly.... 400
Irish Citi/.en 2 Mt London Graphic 14 04,
Mu.'.TUI.I MAOIAIISBB, _C
Agriculturist.... 1 6u[Atlaniic 4u)
Hlaekwood 4 fIOJOh-ilran'. Hour.. I .0
Catholic World... SOO tlody's Lady's
Demorest 3 00, Book joo
Eclectic ft 001..adies' Friend.... 2 to
Leslie's Ladies Lipplucotl's 400
Magazine :i SulNursery 1 Ml
Galaxy 4 00 Southern Mafa
llooil Words son' zinc 400
Good Words lor -Our Young Folks 200
lhe Young 2 Ml Peterson's _[—__.
Harper's 4 00 1 zinc 200
Hall's Journal.... 200 All Year Round.. oo
Lonrion Lancet... A 00 World of Fashion 600
society... joo London Quarter-
Peter's Musical ly 4Go
Monthly Edinburgh Quar-
People's Maga- lerly 4Oi
i zinc 3 oo British Quarter-
Scribner 400 ly 400
Sunday Maga- Southern Qunr
zine 3 OO! terly i (HI
Technologist 2 oo North American
American Builder 300 Quarterly tl oo
Any paiier or magazine not in the above list
will be furnished at publishers' rale..
Always on hand all the latest publications of
this country and Europe, books, stationers,
card anil stereoscopic slews, iaucv articles, i,
C. F. JOrtNSTON,
Newsdealer, ills Main street,
lie 2—D-Wll Kichmond Virginia.
TTTILLCOX it GIBBS,
SEWING-MACHINES.
ONE MONTH TRIAL BEFORE PCBCBASB.
JAMES E. A. C3IBBS,
Ninth and Bank streets,
Ri, hsjo.id, Yiaaliu.
I have the Wheeler k Wilson, Orover k Ba-
I ker, and Willcoi _ Gibhs uinclime-. I use the
Willcox _ IJlbb", ihinkingi! far superior to any
other."— Mrs Henry Ward Bierker.
I de 7—dkwly
1 fjIHK -OtTHKI-X RAJF.
X FLE for the Benefit of ihe Widows and Or
plians of the Southern States.
DiKTaißVTio.<iJVo 880 Evaiiiau. Hec.a.
10 111 J 73 MS »a 61 90 »2 28 US li 41
I UlaralßliTlos No. 6SI. Hauiia, Dec 7
M 32 all. 35 44 .ID 42 0 46 4?
Witneas my band, at Hiclmiond, Va., this Jit,
day of Deeemher, IS7I.
i SIMMONS _ CO., C. Q. TOMI'KINS,
Managers. Coiumis-iouer
CERTinCATES OF~RAFFLE i«tn be pui
chjuied from Captain W. I. HABNEY, ut iha
8.-aa-h otDce, No. Twelfth .u-»t, thr-r d-on
flrom M-lu