Gsstf ass am
mm m
SAL. I. USURY, CONN.
Friday Moniugr, Nov.lOtli, 1871.
STATE NEWS.
There is more cider made In Moromas
the present fall tbanin all Middlesex county
beside. New cider sells at $8 per barrel.
Inspector It. S. Stedman, of Hartford,
lias been appointed by the government to
Inspect the boilers used in the United States
armory at Springfield.
Mr. Charles II. Gilbert of Waterbury,
whihridjug Frid.ty, the 27th in that city.
w; thrown from bis carriage and severely
injured.
The bell which Mr. Henry Thompson
bought for the Episcopal church, Enfield,
was used the first time on Tuesday in toll
ing his death.
L ist Thursday morning William J. Clark
of Woodbury found a large yellow oil silk
balloon, minus the car, in one of bis pas
tures, while bunting up his cattle.
A Norwich man caressed his wife with a
chair back, on Saturday, till she fainted
from excess of emotiom. Then the neigh
bors rushed in.
The special stockholders' meeting of the
Etna Firu Insurance Company to cousider
propositions ti reduce the cnpital stock and
then iiicrviuM it to the chartered amount,
was held on, Thursday, of this week.
The store, blacksmith shop, and dwel
ling situated one mile aorth of New Britain,
occupied by George Baker and others, were
destroyed by fire, on Sunday night. Cause,
incendiary; loss $4,000.
The Chicago fire has had a serious effect
upon the manufacturing interests of New
Haven. Some compauies have discharged
hands and others reduced the hours of la
bor.
A fashionably dressed young female,
wearing the latest style of double barrelled
hat, and variegated chignon, and smoking
a short clay pipe, is a periodical sensation
on Water street, in Norwich.
Mtddlefleld voted Monday to guarantee
thirty thousand dollars of the bonds of the
Air Line railroad 174 votes were polled
ayes 90, nays 84 mujority C. The $500,
000 needed has now been voted.
By a contract between the Naugatuck
and Derby companies, all passengers to or
from New Haven, bound over the former
road, will pass over the latter. The con
tract went into effect Nov. 1st.
The case of Mrs. Francis Chapin against
Ethan C. Ely of Longmeadow., for injuries
she received by being thrown out of a
wagon on the frozen- ground by his runa
way horse, bus been Buttled by his paying
$1,736 and all court expenses.
The Episcopal church in West Haven
was liuilt in 1740, and is the oldest tn Con
necticut. The founders of the parish, the
second in the state, organized in 1723, are
burled about the church, and the parish
oners celebrated All Saints' dy, Wednes
day, by taking eare of the old neglected
yards.
A New naven gentleman will make ar
rangements immediately to have a floating
bethel in the harbor for the benefit of the
many sailors who daily come there. A
large flat boat will be procured, and a room,
nicely fitted np, will be built upon it. This
will be furnished with papers and books,
and there will also be held frequent meet
ings and services Sundays.
Lost Sunday week, two young men who
were riding with a couple of ladies in War
ren, seemed determined to amuse them
selves by shooting chickens' and dogs along
the road, and as a woman by the name of
Winans, who seeing the way they were
doing things, stepped out of her door to
get her dog into the house, the two men
shot with revolvers at the dog and one of
the, balls took effect in her leg. It is
thought it will be necessary to amputate her
leg, and perhaps result in bar death. One
of the young men was son of a Mr. Carter,
who is one of the first citizens of the town.
We learn from the Waterbury Ameri
can that a new confidence game has been
practiced la that city. A young man calls
at the bouse of the victim and explains bis
Utile game, which is played in this manner
A number of sealed envelopes are displayed
to the purchaser, containing samples of
different kinds of dress patterns, calico,
silk, merino, etc., for a choice of which
the victim pays twenty-five cents, the agent
promising to give a dress to the buyer like
the sample in the envelope on payment of
one .dollar. He thus accumulates a con
siderable quantity of twenty-five cent
stamps, while the poor deluded female
looks in yain for the dress pattern. Con
siderable many have thus been victimized.
It is possible the game may be attciu ptc
nere.
A bold and extensive robbery was com
mitted ip Woodbury on Thursday night of
last week, or rather a scries of robberies,
all undoubtedly by the same parties. They
first entered the bedroom of Daniel Curtis,
and without waking him or bis wife, rifled
bis pockets of their contents containing
about $40, in money, and a bunch of keys
including his safe key. Ready access was
thus obtained to the safe of the office, con
taining some $20,000 in bonds, notes and
currency. Having cleaned out these they
proceeded to the store of F. A. Walker
Co. blew open the safe and took about
$20,000, from this. A reward of $1,500
has been offered for the arrest of the thieves,
but a3 yet they have not been captured.
The horse and wogon which they stole to
make their escape was found in Waterbury
Friday morning it was left to take care of
itself, while the desperadoes probably took
the early train for New York.
Late Tuesday evening In New Haven,
Michael Kelly met a Mrs. Owens in the
street looking for ber husband. Kelly
learned the cause of her being out at that
boor of the night and told her be knew
where ber husband was and would take her
to him, Mrs. Owens was acquainted with
Kelly and so she willingly consented to
accompany him. He took ber out Orange
street to a vacant lot, and thereby force
and threats accomplished his base purpose-
He left her there and immediately went to
Owen's house and stole a pocket book con
taining ten dollars, and also stole another
containing fifteen dollars from 'another
man."- These pocket books were found in
his cell after his arrest. He was found in
a Union street saloon early Wednesday
morning, and brought before an adjourned
session of the City court, in the afternoon.
The woman gave her evidence, which was
partly corroborated by Isaac. Ullman, who
testified that she came to bis house in a
frightened condition about two o'clock in
he nlgMrj Kelley was bound over to the
Superior Court in the. sum of $3000, for
trial; LWi,:.,- i-s
State Election Last Tuesday.
NSW TOKK.
The Republicans of New York state
claim a majority of 15,000, also that the
senate stands 2G republican and C demo
cratic. There was no election of gover
nor. MASSACHUSETTS.
The vote iu 284 towns in Massachusetts
stands as follows Washburn, republican,
69,063 Adams, democrat, 44,799 Cham
herlin, labor reform, 6,908 Pitman, pro
hibitory, 5,910.
NEW JEltSET.
New Jersey has elected Joel Parker,
democrat, governor, over Cornelius Walsh,
republican,' by. from 8,000 to 5,000.
MARYLAND.
Maryland "elected W. P.' Whyte, demo
crat, for governor, over Jacob Tome, re
publican, and also elected a legislature
largely democratic, and a democratic at
torney general and controller.
Wisconsin.
As we go to press, the returns from
Wisconsin are not sufficient to enable us to
decide how the state has gone. Both
parties claim a victory, and so wc might
as well say for Illinois Minnesota Vir
ginia and Mississippi.
A New Use fob Papkb. In China and
Japan, paper clothing has long been worn
by the inhabitants and so cheaply can it
bo produced, that a serviceable paper coat
costs only ten cents, while a whole suit of
Hie same material is limited to twenty-five
cents. Heretofore paper has been worked
up among civilized nations' into collars,
cuffs, frills, and similar minor articles but
by a recent English invention a really ser
viceable paper fabric has been prepared,
from which tablecloths, napkins, handker
chiefs, pantaloons, curtains, shirts, petti
coats, and other articles of dress, together
with imitation blankets and bed furniture,
lace aud fringe, imitation leather, etci, can
be niado very- cheaply. The substances
used iu preparing this fabric are both vege
table and animal, and comprise a mixture
of wool, silk, flux, jute, hemp and cotton.
Reduced to a fine pulp and bleached, and
then felted by inuaiis of machinery, the
material thus oUlaiued produces a fabric of
wouderful flexibility aud strength, which
cau be sewed togetlier.-uud with as strong
seam and as well as any cloth. The
articles made from this mixture are said
not only to bo .very serviceable, but to so
resemble cloth, linen, or cotton as to defy
the closest scrutiny.
A set of paper car-wheels, on one of tbc
Pullman cars running to Jersey City, have
run over 100,000 miles of track, and worn
outr entirely one set of steel tires, which
have been replaced. Tha ordinary wheels,
it is said,' will only run 60,000 miles.
New Narrow Gauge Railroads. The
following railways are in progress with a
gauge of three feet six inches Queensland,
Australia, Government Railway, 222 miles
railway from Cougcveram to Arconum,
Iudia,' 19 miles Toronto, Gray and Bruce
Railway, Canada, 90 miles Toronto and
Nipissing Railway, Canada, 108 miles;
Uovemmeut Railway of Norway, 101 miles.
Locomotives used. Good's engiue and ten
der, 20 tons' weight, 8 wheels. 6 of which
are coupled; passenger engines and ten
ders, 16 ton's weight in ruuning order, 6
wheels, 4 of which are coupled, aud tank
engines, about 13 tons' weight, 6 wheels, 4
of which are coupled. Rolling-stock out
side width of cars vary from 6 feet 6 inches
to 8 feet. The speed varies from 12 to 25
miles per hour, including stoppages. Such
railways in India and Norway cost from
$12,000 to $14,00 per mile, including
engines, cars and all equipments necessary.
Cost of working about same per ton as on
ordinary railways.
He Knew. "Papa," said a little urchin
to his father, the other day, "I saw a prin
ter go down the street just now."
"Did you, sonny How did you know
the person was a printer r"
"Because I do, pa."
"But he might have been a carpenter,
blacksmith, or a shoemaker,"
"Oh, no, papa he was a printer likely
an editor for he was gnawing a bone, and
had no stockings on. The crown was out
of his hat, and his coat was all torn. I am
certain be was a printer."
A Whaling Fleet Lost. The whaling
industry of New England which received
so severe a blow from the discovery of
petroleum a few years since, has received
another in the loss of nearly the whole
Arctic fleet early in September. No less
than thirty-three vessels were crushed by
ice-floes and bergs, and the crews narrowly
escaped with their lives. Most Of the ships
were from New Bedford, but some New
London and Norwich men were pecuniarily
interested in the fleet.
Toot Payer of Sulisburjr.
Mn. Editor. Below is a list of the tax
payers in Salisbury, for the year 1871, who
pay a tax of over $50,00. In the fractional
parts of a dollar in this statement, where
the amount is under 60 cents, it is deducted,
and when it exceeds that amount, enough
is added to make even dollars. The tax
was 10 mills on a dollar, and the sum
raised by the lax was $20,000.
Iiiinium Rich- Landon&Co. $234
ardson, $552 Landon, James 168
Bainuni, W. H. 353 Miles, Fred'k
Barnum, L Mrs. Mc Neil. J. P.
Mrs. 60 Moore, S. B. A.
Ball, R H 59 Norton. L,ot
Ball, J T Estate, 299 Owen, Chas
Bushnell, Geo. 72 Peet, G W
Benton; E R 71 Pettee, W J
Bissell, C H 95 Peck, G K
Bird Roberson, 69 Richardson
Bostwick, Robert 238 Barnum,
Belcher. OA i 75 Richardson. L
344
68
245
53
63
137
65
58
706
248
553
119
51
60
121
176
Bushnell, J t 105 estate
Butterley James 89 Robins, S S
Burrall, W P
175 Keed, Marvin
54 Reed, F A
Reed, Mrs N
70 Scoville. 8 C
139 Stiles, T A
75 Selllck, JM&
82 G B
83 Surdam, Alex
104 Tupper Wood,
Vandensen. J
Barton, PL
Barnard Hard- i
ware, Co.
Coffing, Geo
Clark, GB
Clark, Henry
Clark, NW
Clark Nebemiah'
Coalfield mining
Co.
125
58
68
58
94
50
60
78 Vandensen, N R
Cleaveland Son 157 Walton, Mrs M
Cook, Albert -Cook,
Edward
9 Walton, Caroline
57 Walton
.186 Tomlison, 121
Walton, WH 96
138 Walton' J P 74
55 Walton, Seth 63
105 Warner, DJ. 61
55 Warner, N f 55
101 Woodworth H ,134
Cook, Daniel.
Davis.Digging,
Co.
Ensign, James
Everts, PP
Frink, R A
Goodwin, E D
Green, OS
.121 Ward J R& Son 168
Holley, A H
433 Wells. Silas
2
Homes. W& Son 65 Williams MH
Kelsey, Horace 101 Mrs 136
Kelsey Son.
80 Washlnee, Co. 178
Wheeler 8 A
531 Mrs 52
147 Salisbury ore bed
847 Proprieters, 1100
900 Salisbury mining
Lime Rock Iron
Co.
Little; Robert
Landon, Horace
Forbes ore bed,
i NON-RESIDENTS. Co. 100
Spwrr, Franklin 116 Hartford, Salis
Bostwick Charles 61 bury ore Co. 82
Ames, Oliver Jr. S76 Milerton Iron
Pune, J W .67 Co. 200
Josh Billing;! at South Cauaan.
Great Enthusiasm III!
Banqueting- and Festivities III
Feast of Reason and Flow of Koul 1 1
Scenes and Incidents I
Taken by our special artist on the spot, i
South Canaafl, Nor. 2d, 1871.
Editor Conn. Western News. At your
request I hasten to lay before your readers
an account of an event whicb has stired
our city to Its profoundest depths. I refer
to the lecture of the celebrated poet. Josh
Billings, whicb occurred at the Tabernacle
last evening; For several days this event
has engrossed the attention of our entire
populace. At the corners of the streets
in the hotels; on change; in the -street
cars; wherever our citizens congregated,
the prevailing topic of conversation was
the coming lecture. At a meeting of the
common council held last week, it was
unanimously resolved to extend to the
expected guest the freedom of the city, and
a spirited debate ensued upon the propriety
of presenting him also with a gold snuff
box, but after the question had been
thoroughly cussed and discussed, it was
finally resolved to substitute a yellow dog,
as being more useful if not s? ornamental.
Meanwhile a public meeting of the citizens
bad been held in the Park, at which a com
mittee of 70 was appointed to take the
grand banquet in charge. This committee
at once engaged the services of two capable
Chefs de cusine, one from Cafe PUalon,
Salisbury, and the other from Delmonico's.
Time being thus taken by the fore-lock,
everything was iu readiness when the event
ful day dawned. The public buildings
were all gaily decorated Willi iags una
streamers, as was also the shipping Ixx Hol
lenbcck river, and the fortificatious oil the
"Cobble." At an early hour iu the after
noon, delegations began to pour iu from
the surrounding cities and villages: Canaan
North Canaan Canaan Junction Cauaan
Hollow East Canaan West Canaan Can
aan Mouutain Canaan-on-the-Housatonic
Canaan-on-lhe-Uollenbeck aud Happy-land-of-Canaan
all being represented as
were also Mcckcrtown Dogtown Konk-a-pot
Sugar Hill and Lower City. At the
appointed hour the city authorities and
invited guests, proceeded to the drawbridgi
on the Hollcubeck, where the orator of
the eveniug was met and welcomed to the
metropolis in a neat speech by Alderman
L. J. Bradley who presented him at the
same time with a chaste, highly finished
and neatly embossed yuller dog, which
was received by the poet with evident emo
tion. The procession then returned to
town in the following order. The Mayor
and Common Scoundrels Six ore team
in single file Josh on a mule towing hi
dog iuu3ic, (Jews-harp solo.) The Press
''News.) Committee from .Goshen on snow
shoes; Citizens aud invited guests. On
returning to the city, the immense caval
cade filed into the Tabernacle at fifty
cents a head, and the feast of reason and
flow of Billings commenced. For a full
report of his iuiinilable lecture, your rea
ders are referred to his "old Farmers Alma
nax"for 1870 71 aud 72, where it may
be fouud complete. Near the close of the
lecture, a telegram was received by the
associated press and at once forwarded to
the Mayor, conveying the information that
the side wheel 8teamer,"Wouoiiscopomoc,"
Knight, commander, was then beating up
towards Yellow Dock against wind and tide,
with a full load of passengers for the lec
ture. Tbis intelligence proved correct and
the noble craft soon came to anchor, and
the passengers who were from the village
of Lakeville. disembarked. On learning
that they were too late for the lecture, they
repaired to the banquet headed by the band
(boy with Jews-harp,) playing "Haste to
the banquet," from the cantata of Esther.
At that. banquet your correspondent assisJ
ted, but his pen is not equal to the task or
describing it. Imagine every viand that
could tempt the appetite,, prepared for the
table in a style that could be excelled by
few and equalled by none, with attentive
waiters anticipating the wants of the guests
imagine all this and yon can see that the
gay and festive scene closed all too quickly.
In conclusion, it only remains to say that
the most perfect order was maintained
throughout the proceedings of tbisroud
day for South Canaan. The Police de
partment was out In full force, but hap
pily no arrests were required. We are also
happy to state that the "Wonouscopomoc"
made her return trip in safety, 'though bead
winds were experienced during some of
the passage. Mot.
A. OAKI).
Lakeville, Nov. 7th, 1871.
Mr. Pkasb. Dkab Bib. As yon so generoubly
printed the call for aid for Western sufferers, wf
have thought yoa would be Interested in knowing
the result, and the ladies are also desirous to re
turn thanks to those who so generously and
promptly responded to the appeal, thereby enabl
ing them to fill eight barrels. A part of the con
tents of these barrels is as follows 18 comfor
tables, quilts and blankets 1 under bed ticks
1 feather bed; S3 shirts 60 pairs of stockings;
S overcoats IS men's coats 13 prs. pants S3
vests 18 prs. new shoes 91 balm oral skirts 4ft
women's and children's dresses 18 cloaks and
sacks 10 hats from Mrs. Wiuchell besides sheet?
pillow cases hoods mittens legglus and varl
ous articles of under wear for men, women and
children; the whole being estimated at $461.88
The barrels were sent as a donation from the
people of Salisbury, addressed to H. S. Baird.
Ch'm Belief Committee, Green Bay, Wisconsin
as directed by Gov. Fairchild of that state. (The
ladies would not omit to mention the new and
valuable articles contributed by our merchants
Messrs Jones; Roberts; Bissell and French. A
few persons contributed money to the amount of
(21.50 We are gratified to learn that the ladles in
the north part of the town are also busy in prepar
ing articles to send West.
A Stbangb Discovert. On Friday last
while some men at the torpedo station were
at work inside old Fort Wolcott, in New
port harbor, the wheel of their cart sank
deep into the ground. Removing some of
the earth to find a cause for this, one of
the men struck his spade against what
seemed to be an iron plate. This excited
the curiosity of all, and they set to work
with a will to dig away the earth above the
plate. Soon their efforts were rewarded
by the sight of an iron door, fastened with
a rusty bolt. On breaking this open, they
came upon a flight of winding stairs, which
they descended, and arriviug at the foot,
they found themselves in a dungeon whose
gloom was made more marked by the ray
of dim light which a solitary loophole at
the top admitted. Striking a light to dispel
the darkness of the dungeon, they found
npon the floor a few withered bones, a
skull and a lantern The lantern is of such
an old-fashioned construction and shape
that it must have been made over fifty
years ago. It was altogether a most singu
lar discovery. Who can tell the deeds
which this secret old dungeon may not
have witnessed
Enlarged. The Litchfield Enqvirer enme
to ns last week enlarged to an eight column
paper. It is printed in new type and ap
pears welL We congratulate Brother Hick
ox on this evidence of prosperity.
We shall reel creatly obliged to any of our
friends In the county, or elsewhere, who will send
us particulars of any occurrences of interest which
may come under their notice.
Connecticut Western News.
Extra Copies of tho Nsws can be obtained at
Post Office In this Village.
Grant Sweet's Lakeville.
F. C. French's Lime Rock.
Post Office Cornwall Bridge.
Humphrey's Drug Store Canaan.
Post Office Norfolk.
New Advertisements.
Notice to Contractors.
New Goods..
John W. Bacon.
Kellogg Skiff.
Poetry. UA. little fine cut," is crowded
out this week, but hope to baveroo'rn-for
it next week.
Snow. The first snow of the scaspn,
whitened the tops of the mountains here
abouts last Wednesday.
Kellogg Skijf. The enterprising mer.
chants of Cornwall Bridge, are out this
week with an advertisement. of the; large
stock.of new goods they have just received.
They offer some rare bargains. Read about
them iu another column.
EUphaUt Buel. We desire to say to
Ibis venerable correspondent,. that his com
munication of last week was rcead with
deep interest by the fjeople of this' region.
Many have, expressed themselves as very
much gratified with its contents.
Good Samaritans. At the M. E. church
laft Sabbath evening, in Lime Rock, the
"Good Samaritans" of Salisbury inefand
much iutcrest in the temperance, cause was
manifested, as was evidenced by 43 new
names which were added to the pledge
list during the evening. Rev. Burcb of
Falls Village Dr. Knight andT. L. Norton
of Lakeville Jwere the speakers, ahd-the
Gl'ce club did the singing.
.Notice to Railroad Contractors. We
desire to call the attention of those who
sometimes make contracts for the grading
aud masonry of railroads, to the advertise
uieut in another column of the Danbury
and Norwalk Railroad company. The
lime is rather short for you to prepare
your proposals, as next Thursday is the
limit of the time allowed to send them.ip
Figure np and send in your bids right quick
Fell Frm a Ladder. Mr. A. Iugraham,
who was painting for Mr. Melviu on T. A.
Stiles' house last Wednesday, fell from a
ladder at a height of about 15 feet, and is
so seriously injured as to be unable to
walk. He will probably not be able to
resume work in some weeks. In falling,
the paint put which was hanging on his
ladder, of course overturned, and literally
covered him with white paint.
liobt. IS. Mitchell. We are sorry to
learn that Mr. Robt. B. Mitchell, formerly
oflhis town,' who wast very successfully
engaged In business in Chicago, was burned
out at the late fire,' his loss being about
$40,000. lie was insured for $22,000;, in
home compauies, and on account of their
weakness, will, probably realize not more
than about 10 per cent of that amount, aud
there is rather on unpleasant prospect, that
he may get nothing.
LTo For A Lycm We are requested
to ask all who are interested in a lyceum
for the coming winter evenings, to meet iu
the Academy hall in this village next Mon
day evening at 7 o'clock, and tulk the mat
ter np perhaps organize, "and attend to
any other business which mSy properly
come before said meeting." It is hoped
that a lively interest will be manifested in
the establishment of these meetings of
debate, and that a large attendance will be
present next Monday evening, and thus
give encouragement to an enterprise, which
is every way so worthy of it.
First Trip To MiUerton. The hands on
Couductor Cogswell's train, working east
of Canaan, are not disposed to accede to
"those Salisbury fellows," all the honor of
makiug the first trip into MiUerton on the
C. W. R. R. They say that their engine,
the "City of, Hartford," was the first to
make the trip from Canaan into MiUerton,
and brought back with them a load of lum
ber for the Norfolk depots. This train,
which is ballasting the road betweeu Canaan
and Norfolk', has nearly finished the work
to Norfolk Center. Since the 2Tth of July
Couductor Cogswell has carried 154 carloads
of freight to and from the Barnum Richaid
son Co's furnaces in East Canaan. t
I)r. Lee.Oi Peekskill bas sent us iu
pamphlet form, an article written by him
and published in August last in the Ameri
can Practitioner, relating to the late Dr.
John Conolly's theory of the non restraint
system of treatment in our insane asylums.
Dr. Lee fully concurs with Dr. Couolly in
his views favoring this system. His ar
ticle is ably written, and bis argumeuts are
clear, comprehensive and to the point. He
also enclosed his "Remarks on wines and
alcohol,' which were reprinted from .the
Journal of Materia Medica for September
and October, 1871. In this be commences
at the begining of his subject by his re
marks on the Vine Family,' giving his
views as to the best grapes for wine pttr-i
noses, and the best course to pursue, tp
insure success in raising them.- From this
he continues with a very interesting and
instructive account of wines and their
adulterations, also their physiological and
therapeutical effects. The Doctor has- our
thanks for these pamphlets. j i
Coal. Salisbury is frozen I absolutely
frozen Everybody bas waited for coaWto
be brought over the Conn. Western rail
road, till they have burned almost every
thing in the Village, which would kiodje
into a blaze. The company declared itself
ready a week ago to bring coal, and im
mediately orders were given to have the
coal for the place shipped to MiUerton, so
that it could be brought over. Now the
trouble is, "no cars to be had on the Dutch
ess and Columbia railroad." Cause why
The Duches and Columbia and Conn. Wes
tern are indulging id a first class snarl at
each other. One can't and the other wont,
and we understand that the principals of
both roads were to meet in New York last
Wednesday, to see if an arrangement could
not be effected whereby cars from one
road can run over another. But why go to
New York to talk the matter up? Might
about as well while they arc about it, wait
a month or two longer, before they give
the matter their weighty consideration, and
then meet in Texas. Hero we are
cold enough to make a Qreenlander's teeth
rattle, and a lump of gold is hardly suffi
cient to buy a lump of coal. If a neighbor
is the lucky possessor of a half dozen hod
fulls of the precious stuff, he is beset on
all sides by freezing humanity. A man
went swelling around the streets the other
day, asserting bis independence of. all the
railroads in the country. He said he had
two nail kegs full of coal, and didn't care a
darn. We would tell our readers just how
cold it is here, if the mercury in the ther
mometer hadn't gone down out of sight.
Heft Her Trunk. It -was found after
Gov. Holley and the party with him, had
sailed for 'Europe last Wednesday, Miss
Laura Ward Holley had left her trunk at a
hotel in New York. It was forwarded to
her on the next steamer, and a telegram
sent to inform her of where and when to
expect it. Miss Clare Cofiing, daughter of
Mr. Geo. Coffing of this village, who
makes one of the party, will spend most
of her time abroad, with Miss Holley in
Germany, studying the German language.
Tico New Trains. For the accomoda
tion of through western freight, the Housa
touic railroad company, commenced run
ning last Monday two regular freight trains,
iu addition to those they have previously
been running. These new trains start from
Bridgeport at 12 o'clock noon, and arrive
At .YanDeUsenville at 20 minutes past 7
o'clock in the evening. Going south they
will leave VanDeusenville at 10 minutes to
4 o'clock in the afternoon, and arrive in
Bridgeport' at half-past 10 at night. The
second passenger train north, or, as it is
more familiarly known, the eveuing "milk
train,' s'tarfo f rotri Bridzeport on the same
time as formerly, but ruus faster than
heretofore, getting into Pittsfield at half
past eleven being 13 minutes earlier. The
Housatouic railroad time table, published
in 'another column, will give the time lit
the several stations. These additional
freight trains added to -the road, are only
still another evidence of its rapidly increas
ing business, and not only that, but cannot
be otherwise than a most satisfactory evi-
denee-to-fhe stockholders, that Superinten
dent Franklin is master of the situation.
Another New Engine. Engineer John
Barton, who for a few weeks past has
been peddling gravel between this village
and MiUerton,' went to Bridgeport last
Friday and got another new locomotive,
tue "Salisbury, anu uas broiigut it up
onto the Con h Western, a. e came to Ca
naan' Willi it last .Mouday, and Tuesday
morning commenced drawiug gravel again
betwcenrCanaan'and Milleiton.' It is design
ed for a passenger engiue, baviug five foot
drivers and 15x24 cylinders. It is supplied
with the .yVeslirighouse Atmospheric brake,
a descripliou of which and its manner of
working, wc gave in last week's Naws. As
stated at thut time, one of these brakes -up
plied by the engineer will stop u long train
going nt "a rapid rate, iu nearly hulf the
time it would take; to stop the same train
managed with, hand brakes. The "City of
Hartford," another passenger engine, is to
be supplied with one, tho brake being iu
Bridgeport now und ready to be placed on
the engine. We should infer from this,
that these brakes are to be used on all pas
senger locomotives of this road, which
certainly indicates that every precaution
will be taken to insure the safety of pas
sengers. The "Norfolk," a freight eugiue
also for this road, is in Bridgeport, and
will soon be on the road. It has the
same size drivers as the Salisbury but
its cylinders are' larger, being 16x24
inches. The various local journals of
this region are constantly announcing the
rjouii)g of regular trains on this road. We
advise our brothels of the quill to forbear
for just a little time longer, as we are
posted and know whereof wo speak when
we say that regular trains will not run on
the Conn. Westeru railroad till they get to
runniug regularly. This is the first reliable
information concerning it we have been
uble to publish.
"Somebody's -New Fmote. We have so
many times beard the remark that iu some
papers there are seldom many items of 1
more importance, than a thrilling account
of the building of a new fence for some
body, or that their fence is being repainted,
or perchance with an extraordinary effort,
they will annouuoe the startling intelligence
that some enterprising citizen has recently
erected a new barn. Tuts is all very well,
but we hope the Nsws will contain no more
of that class of items than its readers de
mand. To occasionally speak of various
improvements in the villages hereabouts, is
no more than what is right and is what
we thrak we are called upon to do, as for
instanceftTfige should say that Mrs. Chit
tenden lost week had the upper part of her
fence repainted white, aud the wide bot
tom boards painted a lead color, and that
the result is it looks as neat as a new stove
pipe hat, aud that Mr. Geo. Melvin was
the man that did the job, aud also that he
is the chap who has just finished painting her
barns, and has given them a very neat coat
of light brown, with darker trimmings, we
should.be telling not only what Is true, but
that which is of interest to all the former
residents of Salisbury, who take the News
for the "purpose of learning all that is goiug
on' at .their old homo, and these nmvly
painted fences and other minor improve
ments are' precisely. the items of news
which please them most, but perhaps to the
mass of our readers, Buch items aro not of
the slightest importance. To these we
have toay that it is our purpose to be
very sparing of them, but if they should
occasionally see one of this class, wo ask
them very politely to dodge them with all
the patience at their command, and shy
over onto some other section of the paper
Where we shall try to have something that
will be precisely what they aro in search
of, yet if they, should happen to continue
so far as to read about the new barn which
Mr. William Conklin only a week or two
since had finished for him, and which is
locat6d Very near to his old one east of his
residence,; and that Messrs Niver Dan
iels, who have a. peculiar knack of doing
first class- work, were the men that built it
for him, why of course it will not be our
-fault.
Cornwall
A little son of Wm. Bennett met with a
sad accident one day last week, while en
gaged in playing with an ax. He severed
nearly the whole of his left hand at his
wrist, which may prove as a warning to
small boys to let axes alone The fol
lowing are the particulars of an attempt, to
rob tho Post office in this place. Two
young men passed through the village, and
looked at the said office in a manner that to
the police suggested burglars and accor
dingly a number of young men volunteered
to guard the building, and with the aid of
shot guns revolvers base ball bats &c.
to deal out summary punishment to any
one who prowled about the premises. If
any one had a desire to carry off a pouud
of lead inside of himself, he could have
had the Opportunity very easy by passing
across the stoop of the building, as the
guns all had "fox charges" in them. After
waiting till the sun rose, without an attempt
to punish a burglar, they retired to their
homes satisfied with their first experience
as the vigilance committee I am happy
to see that the Colonel is going to do some
thing on the roads. "Better late than
never." X. Y. Z.
BS.SSSP
C5It has been ascertained by actual mea
surement, that there are sixty mi'e of
steets embraced in the burned district in
Chicago.
Sharon.
Your correspondent, "Visitor," for sev
eral weeks kept you 60 well posted in mat
ters of iuterest from this village that I,
being especially busy have kept silent,
taking it for granted that he would con
tinue in well doing, tout for tho three weeks
past we bave been entirely neglected in
your columns, although' several items of
interest should have been forwarded. It is
not now too late perhaps to make mention
of the Golden wedding of Gen. Charles F.
Sedgwick, Which was celebrated over three
weeks ago. The General is so widely
known throughout tho couuty as an emi
nent member of the legal fraternity, and so
generally esteemed as a man of sterling
qualities, that the event naturally brought
together a large concourse of friends. The
reception was held during the afternoon
aud evening, in the same room in which
the marriage ceremonies were performed
50 years ago, and during that lime the
happy twain have lived in the same house
with the exception ot a short interval,
during which they occupied the house ad-
joining
The General issued a special
order the day preceding, forbiddiug any
presents to, be made, but their lliends ven
tured to disobey iu part, construing the
order. as not referring to Mrs S. to whom
a number of valuablw jjifls were presented.
We understand the General was strongly
iuclinVd to "court martial the ring leaders,
but finally forgave them on receiving satis
factory assurance that ihey would b more
attentive to orders in future. We uuder
Stand that siuce'the wedding, a valuable
gold headed caue has been presented to
tlio Geuural by his friends, as a slight to
ken of their re&pect and esteem. We
would say in conclusion, that tuu General
and his estimat lu wife, aro yet halo and
hearty .audbid tair to outstrip many of us
vimnm-r ones m the race ot me. ijonu

may they live. Ajax.
Falls Village.
Mb. Editor. Hnvin? read the contro
versy going on through the columns of tin
News between your correspondents W. P.
and "Clario," relatiug to the trial rit the
Ames guu at Bridgeport, I usk permission
to umpire tho case und give a few facts. as
they occurred under my own snperinten
dance. Oti the 61 h of Aug. 1 864, I left the
shop aud followed the gun to Bridgeport,
The next clay I had it removed to the piov
ing grouud, which was on the beach at
the foot of Division street. Having gotten
the chassis iu position, I had the guu
mounted and by the Slst I hud everything
readv for action, when I received and
transmitted a telegram from Gen. Gilmore,
chief of the board, to Mr. Ames to post
pone the trial till the J 5ih of September.
Mr. Ames arrived the next day, Sept. 1st,
and wc decided to fire three shots. I set
the guu at 25 degrees' elevation and charged
it with a 15 pound curtridge and a 12u
pouud shot. Here let me say that tht
heaviest shot weighed only 120 lbs: The
flight was very good. The next charge
was with a 20 pound cartridge, elevation
and shot as before. The flight was equally
as good. The last charge I used 25 pounds
of No 7 Hazard powder und a 153 pound
shot elevatiou 25 degrees. The result of
this lire was a long aud smooth flight.
do not think I obtained a better one tim
ing the trial. We did' not time it nor
measure auy distance, but I think we musl
have gotten a range of four und a halt
miles. That night Mr. Ames returned
home much pleased with the performance.
After having the gun thoroughly cleause
I turned it over to the- police, in whos
care it remained until the 15lh. Qu ibni
day the "Board" arrived and immediately
commenced operation. My first charge
uuder tho direction of Muj. T. T. 8. Laid
ley, U. 9. A., was 14 lbs of powder, ami
shell weiirhiuc about 105 lbs loaded with
3 lbs of cauuou powder. The discharge
was very bad, the shell bursting between
the trunnions aud coming out iu fragments
flying in all directions, which mide it any
thing but pleasant for one's ears. Upon
examination I found the bore bud'y cut.
I fired a few mole shot that day with char
ges varying from 15 to 20 His, aud eleva
tions the same, but failed to get good flight
most of the shot having tumbled,' caused
by the rifling being too shallow, ouly 1 2d
of an inch deep thereupon it was dec ided
to take tho guu back to the shop and add
another 120lll to the depth of the groove,
which is the usual depth. On Friday tin
16i It, I had it dismounted and trucked l
the city, aud Saturday reloaded and taken
up by the eveniug passenger train."
During the next week 1 had an embank
ment of sand raised 12 feet by 20, und 8
feet high, 50 feet from the muzzle of the
gun, for the purpose of saving the shot
for examination. By Saturday the 24tb,
I had the gun back and remounted for
duty again. During tho next two weeks 1
fired about 400 shot, with charges weigh
ing from 15 to 20 lbs. Most of the shot
used were of the Hotchkiss old pattern,
although I found a good many other kinds,
such as the "Sheukle "Brooks;" "Fer
ris "Gilmore and some others which I
have .now forgotten, all of which gave
good results with light charges. About
this time Mr. Ames being desirous of form
ing some idea of the distauce fired, I sug
gested the sending out a boat iu the charge
of the pilots, to tako position three or four
miles out aud obstTvo the shot. They ac.
cordingly did so, but they took no measure
ment nor time of flight, neither bad they
any instructions to do so. While the boat
was out, I fired three shot at long range,
one with 20 lbs, and 25 degrees one with
20 lbs, at 27 degrees aud the other with 25
lbs, at SO degrees. The later gave a good
flight and occupied thirty-nine seconds. I
do not think it was any longer than the
third shot fired, and feel very 6uro it did
not reach over five miles. We did not
commence taking ranges until some days
later. The construction of the carriage
was such that up to this time, I had not
been able to get but about 30 degrees, but
by cutting away part of the "Transoms,"
I was enabled to record nearly 35. While
taking ranges we had ono instrument
placed at the gun, and another ou Point-no
Point," some two miles to the left I fired
several 6hot with 25 lbs at from 25 to 3D
degrees, several with 25 lbs at 34 degrees,
and several with 30 lbs at 34 1-2 degrees;
The instruments recording from 8.000 to
9,000 yards. "After firing over two hun
dred shot at long range, our best record
was with 25 lbs powder 12i lbs solid shot
and 34 1-2 degrees elevation. Time thirty
nine and a half seconds. Record 9,360
yards. I substqnently got with 30 lbs at
34 degrees, one flight of 41 seconds and
ono of 43, but as ouly one Instrument re
corded, we got no measurement, but from
the initial velocity I think it must have
reached very nearly six miles. We closed
the trial about the first of Noyetnber, after
having fired 713 shot, and burning nearly
7 tons of powde", thus proving the gun of
the greatest endurance and longest rttnge.
W. C. Pajclkt,
lluntsvllle. 3
The lecture" Wednesday night of last
week, in the Congregational church in
South Canaan, drew a full and attentive
audience, and was, judging by this fact,
a decided success. Ouo of the principle
objects of attending this lecture, was not
only to hear, but to set "Josh." I bad
imagined him to be a fleshy -man, below
the medium height; erect iu his person
and possessing a certain numerous peculi
arity iu his features. Not so Uowever.
"Josh" is above the medium size, stoop
shouldered and spare in countenance bis
tout ensemble being more like that of a
bard working student, who could move
you to tears quicker than to laughter. As
Josh's writings are very funny, so is bis
delivery. He embelishes it with, a great
many appropriate oddities, so that when he
tells you that "the best thing on milk is the
cream yoa would certainly laugh at bis
comical gravity of countenance, if not at
the words. I am not advertising for Josh,
only telling what I saw as I saw it. TiBL
Norfolk.
Mauy of the good people of Norfolk
were highly scandalized oy me passing
through town of a construction train of
the Conn. Western R. R. on Sunday mom
ing while the bells were ringing for devlne
service. Many others however, managed
to jump ou the train, and had a delightful
trip to and across Whiting river, returning
at about half-past one with thirteen loaded
cars, which the"WinaUd'.'had bo difficulty
in drawing up the steep grades between
E ist. Canaan ,aud Norfolk, exceeding in
many places, 80 feet to tbe mile. Sunday
-eenied on the whole to have beep a day
of surprises to .Norfolk people in more
ways than one. Shortly after divine ser
vice had commenced and just after sing
ing, the pastor and congregation .were as
founded to sec a gentlemanly .appearing
uiau iu the rear part of the church, arist
and request permission to speak for a mo
ment. and without waiting launched out into
a harangue, advertising a lecture or show to
be given by himself on Monday evening,
and ns he expressed it, tickets 60 cents
childien 25 cents; and money refunded if
any one was disatisfied. To express tbe
surprise aud disgust of tho congregation at
this unseemly affair, is simply impossible
the general verdict seems to be that the
mau was either knave or fool, possibly a
little of both. He probably thinks it
cheap way of advertising, but I have my
doubts as to its being profitable Both
denots for this' station are covered and
ready for tho roofs, which aro to be im
mediately put on.. We notice the return
of Capt. John A. Shepard, who has been
spending some time at South Orange, N. J.
and although Norfolk hills are cold and
bleak throughout the winter, still we notice
that all who from business or pleasure
journeying from it, seem glad to return, aud
seem haDniest here, for yon 'know Mr.
Editor, that "Home sweet Home, be
ever so humble, there's no place like home.
Srrr bk bx a
Lime Bock.
Mb. Editor. I am very sorry to see the
space you si- kindly offer to' your Lime
Rock correspondent, so rarely filled. We
are a small community, yet wo think -we
are of somo importance, aud from indica
tions we shall some day give ample proof
of lu Signs of growth and prosperity are
evident on every hand. A large gang of
workmen arc busily engaged upon an ad
ilition to the car wheel foundry of the
B.iruuur Riuhardson Co., which 4s to be
-iiuipleted very soon, giving them facilities
tuv casting about 125 car wheels per day,
Mr. M. B. Richardson is excavating for
lie foundations of a palatial dwelling for
is owu use, the gossips reporting his early
nan-luge to an Intelligent and highly ac
complisned young lady; of an adjoining
1 own.... '.L.Mr. Hurlbut. principal of our
private school is intending to erect In tb
suiinif. buildings ample for the accommo
lation of his pupils from abroad Last
out not least In the way of improvements
i he old store, the last of the unsightly build
nigs that have for so long ti i.e disfigured
mr pretty village, is to give place to a mort
.mposing structure Mr. Barnum's pair
it tiotiers are ruuning loose n tho field,
urned out for tbe winter. One of these
lorses is the celebrated "Darkness," who
with his former mate, "Jesse Wales," has
nade the fastest time on record by a double
cam. Report says that 910,000 was the
-.mi whicb Induced his former owner to
-eud him into Mr. B s stable. We are very
confident that with proper training and
care, "Darkness" and "Plympton" will
make the fastest team In New England
We understand tho temperance meeting on
Sunday eveniug, was a complete, success.
We hope tbe projectors of this movement
will continue the good work, as we are of
the opinion that Salisbury is excellent
ground for work in that direction. Did
any one ever try to count the number of
grog shops in town? We wonder what
effect tbe new raUroad will have on the
liquor traffic. By the way, I am more
than delighted to see my excellent friend
Norton of Lakeville, so zealously engaged
in the temperance cause. I am afraid to
attend any of his meetings, for fear he
may induce me to. forego my favorite
apple-jack and mince pie beverages, of
which I habitually partake before retiring
on winter evenings. He's so winning I am
afraid of him. I hope his wife wont think
I am a lady. Jcdr.
A Humble Over the Hills
On tho last day of summer 1871, the
writer, accompanied by an older sister and
her grandaughter, left one of tho many
mining districts, with which Salisbury
abounds, and pursuing a northerly course,
across fields and through swing-gates,
arrived al the large, ancient looking dwell
ing, where in lime past lived our grand
father, Capt. Nathaniel Everts. We found
the only surviving member of his family, a
woman of nearly fourscore years, who,
though scarcely recovered from a broken
arm, was enved in destroying weeds
from her garden, with the flush of youtu
upon her cheek. Her grandfather, Na
tlitiuiel Everts, came from Guilford, Conn,
to this town lu 1748, then an almost un
broken wilderness. His son, above men
tioned, less than a year old, was brought
Ity his mother from Gail ford on horseback.
coming iu contact wiiu me nousaionic
river uear what is now Falls Vdlagv, and
finding no bridge she was obliged to ford the
river, which she did successruiiy ana joined
the husband and father iu their log house
which be bad built.. Father and son served
iu the war of the Revolution and the sword
of the former is in the possession of a
grandson, who lsaTestdeut of this town.
Nathaniel the 2d married a daughter of
Samuel Moore, at the ceuter of the town,
who theu owned tbe place where S. B.
Moore, Esq. now resides. Some idea may
tie formed of the muscular strength and
power of Nathaniel the 1st Ho, with a
grandson, was niakipj cider ia ag old
fashioned mill, thu boy was thrown from
the horse into the trench tn front of the
mammoth wheel then used for crushing
the apples, and theold gentleman, Samson
like, lifted thu wheel from the body of the
lad, thereby saving his lite, although he
remained unconscious for a number of
hours. Pursuing our journey westward.
we ascended what is called Bell-go hill, so
named by cows resorting thither for food,
when a number of acres were left open to
'commons" on the summit of the hill.
We came to tbe home of our childhood, a
house ol moderate dimensions with long
wing attached, built by our father's own
hands, tbe house where" our parents closed
their eyes in death. Au elder brother
sleeps in the valley of the Susquehanna
six remain, residing in six different states
of the Union. A little further west in the
suburbs of a "modern Dublla," is a new
cozy dwelling, owned and occupied by one
Rogers "possibly a decendanl of John
Rogers who was burned at tho stake; dif
fering however in one particular, ho had
nine or ten children, and tbe Rogers of this
day has none. A little further up aa as
cent is the dwelling of Mr. Craven, blgh
and lotty, the front door bcltig ajar a rich
colored carpet which covered the stairs
was exposed to view. After passing several
houses of less magnitude, we come to the -residence
of Mr. Hade; situated at the
extreme west of this "modern cuy. ho
is tbe owner of some 40 or 50 acres of laud
which is in a high state of cultivation.
Cows; well fed. pigs chickens and geese,
tenoted iuJuatry .and thrift. From this
point mayjae seen the village of Spencer's
Corner,' so uamed from a family of rank.
who formally resided there, somo of the
members of this family have occupied
high official positions in the state and nation,
This vlllago once could boast of having a
church; a hotel two or three stores and
"high school," but now has neither. Alas
her sister MiUerton, has robbed her of ber
glory. Here wo aro ttear"Blrd mountain,"
so namod from a family who settled at Iu
base when tho country was new. Hero
was born the missionary, Isaac Bird, who
now resides at Gt. Barrlngtou, a man
advanced in life. A little incldeut occurs
to mo which may not bo out ot place to
relate A nephew of the writer on a re
turn voyage from Europe, was ono day,
with other passenccrs on deck, viewing
some mountains in the distance, when a
lady remarked that ono of them reminded
her of a mouutain in, Connecticut tho
young man asked tho name she replied
Bird mountain t he says I was born at the
base of that moan tain," hitherto they had
been strangers. It wonld seem that the
affair of the mountains bad introduced
them, which rendered tho remainder of tbe
voyage pleasant, as neither of them bad
any special acquaintance on board. Tho
lady was tbe wife of a missionary in Bey
fout, Mrs. VanLennop, daughter of the,
Rev. Mr. Bird above refered to. This
mountain Is tbe southern terminous of the
Taghconic range.' From this peak may
be seen qrtlte a nnmber of lakes; two In
our own town two in Sharon Bcozlik
and Mudge Indian pond I was about to
say tbe "Rudd pond." but Ex Senator Mor
gan has drained It In search of ore. And
now, Mr. Pease, should you have leisure, I
think it would pay you to take, a trip to
this point of elevated nature when tho'
trees are robbed of their foliage, you would
nee greater wonders than I can describe.
Mr. H. Woodworth,-one of our late rep
resentatives, Is well qualified to give yoa.
any information yon may desire lri rrgard
to the route. Doubtless be will Inform
you of the particulars' of capturing a "wild
bog," whicb paid nightly visits to his porn
crib some fern1 years ago. Should you
make the journey, we shall look for a
glowing account of It, from your editorial
pen. ,V Qbb HiiX.
Nov. 1871.
Some two hundred horws of Birnnm's
higshow have been takpn toNew Mil ford for
wintering. Tbe veteran showman closed
his exhibitions at Harlem last Saturday,
and made a public presentation of gold
medals to Messrs. W. C. Coop, and D.
Costello. his business manager and eques
trian director. He will, however, re-orwn
his exhibition at the Third Avenue rink, N.
Y.; about Tbanksglviug, for sfx weeks,
for which privilege he pay George Wood,
the proprietor of tbe museum, 1 1 5,000.
MONTGOIIIKKT I.odffe, IK,
t 6c A. Jtl. Regular Ommnnica
tlou Wednesday Evening, Nov. 81111.
HOUSATONIC RAILROAD
TIBIE TABLE.
Time when Trains Arrlv at tbo Several Stations.
Goino North. Ooimo Socth.
Ist Paw. Si Pass. 1st Pass. Sd Pass.
10.80 AM6.40rx Bridgeport S.15 m8,45 T M
A. H.
11 18
1J51
1.09
1.19
1.89
1.84
1.49
1.54
S.04
S.19
T. X.
1.48
8.(18
8.SS
8.M
08
918
fi.RS
9.49
9.68
10.15
A. M.
Merwinsvtlle 1S."S
Kant 11.47
Cornwall Bridge lt.W
Went Cornwall 11.19
f. X.
S.10
5.50
6.S5
6.10
6.00
460
4.80
4.80
4.10
8.60
Lime Rock 11.08
Falls Villas 11.0.1
Canaan 10.47
Ashley falls 10.41
Sheffield 10 81
Barrineton 10.14
8.85 11.30 Flttodcld 9.00 S.S5
RUks;a Connections).
With 10.30 a. m. train from Bridgeport, and 0 a.
m. train from Pittsfield.
At Stepney for Monroe, Tnosdtys, Thnrsdsys,
At Newtown, for Sonth Britain,
anu uiDniiri,
dally.
new minora. roriioxDnry
Sherman, Tuesdays, Thurs
days, and Mturday.
Litchfield. Mondays, A ed-
nesdaye and Fridays.
At Cornwall Brldfio. for Sharon, daily.
West trswsll, Goshen,
I'alls VI llasre "MiUerton.
rnnaon. Wlnrtcd.
Httrrihsrton. New Marlboro.
Monterey, l nes-
days, Thursdays, and Saturdays.
liS,
rtttafleleV
fur Otis.
aauy-
HsncncK,
H. W- FRANKLIN. 8upt
xtiiiJLEJt'ronr ma h busts.
Reported weekly by J. N. Van Deusen,
Produce and Commission merchant. Har
lem R. R. depot, MiUerton, N. Y.
Sheep, per lb 08005
Lambs 005
Veal Calves, 0Ct)8 1-2
Hides, 071-2
Spring Chickens, (dressed) 16
Old Towls, (dressed) 15
Butter, 80038
Eggs, per doz... 82
Pears, bbl.. f8.0010.00
Apples pr bbl ft)4.05.00
Potators pr bushel 45 C
Pork (light.). 7 12c
Pork (heavy.)...; 7c
Tallow, 7 l 2
K nigh Tallow. 5 1-2
Turkeys (dreRHed.) 16(318
Luil... 12 e
UcanR pr hush.... 2.50
burn.
In this town, Oct. 89lh, a daughter to Richard
Kauniwv. 0
MARRIED.
In Amenta, Oct. th, by the Rev. A. K.Parker,
Robert McCarrick, of Lakeville, Conn, to Amy
UaiiMU, of A men is, formerly ol St. Andrews.
At South Amenis. Oct. 111. ltrTl, by Milo F. Win
chester, Esq., John II. Sterling, of Cornwall, Conn.,
to Elon Jane Thayer, of Mhsron, Ct.
PIED.
At North Canaan, Nov. tud, John Adam, aged
88 years.
At Ameala, on the 8d Inst Henry Bandall, aged
TJ rears.