~4=p1 She WhccUna JBI JntcUtwwcir, ^ipr
V ^11,K2&l^6*T^lCei!'.'.iiiX00 bln^lo Copy, for ono year, In advanca,....| 1 SO
throo monLh*, 100 tlx BO&tltfl.... .77^.... 100
Ualtvtrad bj Carrier*, jmt week 15 ?b# of JSloou' 18 00
r-._'?TZ'*Klw"KL" r- VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20 1871. NO. 7G
HIT IHTMll*" 1 fiO PoitlllUtiiri in MflnMtfld tn i/>( u i?ni?
Tbroo monUu, la advuce, M
For Rent.
JIOKRBNTU\K
STORK BOOM OS MAIN -Sr.,JUL
occupied at present by C\ Lldcl, hair dresser and
wig maker. For further particulars Inquire of
A. BC'IIWJtHryJIGKK,
no*17 110 Main street.
FOR RENT?THEBPACIOUB
lat and Sd story Warerootni and Hj|
collar beneath, on the Kast tide of Market**
street, aud adjoining the Grocery store of R. J.
Smyth, occupied st present by tbo Menus. Hubhards
as Furniture wsreroouis. Thuy have s
depth ol 110 feat and a front of 33 fuel; the lower
story front of which is tilled with piste glass.
The location is No. 1, and rccommumls Itself to
any business requiring tho space it offers. Possession
the 1st of April.
novia WM. PAXTON. 4th street.
I7IO R RENT.-THE THREE**
L' storr blurs House and Dwelling, on la
Main a tree t, directly oppoaito the Grant**
Houho. and at prcaent occupied by Wlnaenried A
Hon, watchmakera and Juwelera. To a good
tenant, if deaired, tbo prewiaoa wilt bo materiui1/altered
aud improved. It* proximity to the
(Irani IIoubo and suspension nridgo make it a
commanding business aland. Posatialon April
Int. Apply to.
novlO WM. PAXTON, 4th itrocL
For Sale.
X/ALUAHJiE 1'HOl'KttTV i'OU
V HALB.?A lot of ground uoar Dewey A
Vance's Mill, at bead of Marshall alroet, 100 feet
front by 371 deep, with a large brick Dwelling
lioune of ball and 11 rooiua. Also, a framo tonunl
liouafl. Will bu sold on favorablo terms to
close an estate, by 8. L. CTTIIBBKT,
m>vm Real Batata Agent. Monroe street.
E" LIZA. OANB ZANK, SAMUEL
Hprlgg Zatoe. Cordelia C'arr and Hilton T.
Carr, Noah Zaiie, nophia Buaton aud Alexander
Kuatou, and I'latoif Zano.
Daniel C. Lilt, Traatco.
In Chancery, Circuit Court for Ohio county,
Woat Va.
In pursuanco of a docruo of aaid Court mado
1b Una caaao on tho SVth day of December, 1H70,
I will oiler for aalu, on
riuuAY, ino loiu aay or Decemner, itni,
at the front door of the Oonrt Houio lor Ohio
county. Went Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m tbn following real eatate, lying la the city of
Wheeling, on tho west aide or Main itreot, via
Tho two valuable atorea now occupied by D.
A. Adler A Co. and bj Peter E. Zlnn and otnera,
lying between the houses occupied by Harbour
a Dlttman and B, Kline. Alao the proporty on
haiiio aide of Main atreet now occupied by tho
shoe store of Richard Porter, adjoining bonau
owned by J. B. bheppard.
Tines or Bai.b?One-flfth of purchase to bo
paid in cash and the balance in one. two. three
mid four years from day of sale, with Interest,
notes with good security to be given for the deterred
(laymenta, and deeds of trust, at the oxpt
niu of tho purchaser, aa farther socurltyon
the property oold.
uovnT DANIEL 0. LIBT, Trustee,
T71XBCUTORB' HALE OP HEAL
Hi K8TATK 1
In pursuance of the will of Martha Knox, deceased,
the undersigned will, on 0
FRIDAY) tho 15th dtf of Dec., 1871,
at the front door of the Court House for Oblo
county. West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock!. 1
m sell the following valuable property, lying on
tho west side of Main atreet in the city of Wheeling,
being lot No. two (9) and part of lot No. one
til, being tho same now occupied by Harbour A 1
L)11tnih11, by Ueorgo W. Kckhart and M. C. Hano, 1
and by the dwelling honao formerly occupied by
Mm Martin Knox In linr Ufa timn.
tumi or Hai.*-One-fourth' of the purchase j
money u> be'pald in cash, or as muf h more a* the
purchasers may choose to pay; tho remainder in 1
four annual payments, with interest from date
psyablu semiannually. Negotiable notes to be j
given for the deferred Instalments, to be secured
by deeds of trust and satisfactory Insurant on
property, at the expense of the purchaser.
JAMKS P. IIOOKRH,
D. C. LIST,
novl4 Executors of Martha Enof, dec'd.
EpXEOUTOItS' BALK OP FJfiRSONf
AL PROPERTY.?A'lI tho Household and
Kitchen Furniture belonging to tho estate ol i
Martha Knox, late of Ohio county, deceased, will
he sold at public auction by tho undersigned on
TUESDAY, Novoraber 31st, 1871,
At the lato residence of said Martha Knox on
Main street, above Union, beginning at 10
o'rlock a. m.
Turmsof salo cash, I). C. LIST,
JAb. I*. ROOBRS,
novIO Executors of Martha Knox, dec'd.
BALE LOW"AND ON EASY
L' TERMS?A first class Tannery, two story
llrlrk Building, 8(1 feet by 01, with all the moaern
Improvements and lu good running order.
The low price and location wonld make It
available for any other manufacturing purpose.
Also a good Uflek Dwelling House with 10
ruijiiia and iuii uu.on uamixion siren. i
W. V. HOOK A BRO.,
novl Market iitreet. t
CHOR BALE-ONE UOOD WARE.Lj
ROOM on Monroe street.
Uno corofortable Dwelling Homo on Monro*
street.
Two new Brick Dwelling IIousm on Qnlncjr
street.
Uno new little Cottago on the Inland, on Broad*
way. I. IHWIN,
ih? Heal Kstato Agent.
JJWELLINO HOUSE
FOR BALE.
I nflur for rale the bono In which I now re- JMfc
Klili', situate on John street, a few doors wiQ
east of Fifth. Tho house la a substantial JUL
twoitory brick containing eight rooms, besides
a bath room and kitchen, and a flnlahod
attic, with a good Cellar, hot and cold water In
tiath rooms. TJio honaois In good order and
well located And In ere^r way a desirable property,
being but a little orer a square from tlifl
Post Office. There Is alio on the premises a food
BRICK STABLE,
sufficient for fonr horse#, and a carriage house.
Anyone wishing to purchase can examine the I
jiremlseeatany time. I
sept23 JftO. P. MoDBRMOT.
J BLAND LOTS FOR BALIS. j
Having sold all tho lota offered at $300 each,
except two.I now offer ten lots fronting on tha
ra?t side of Blm and Chestnut streets and extsndlng
to the rlrcr. Price from *500 to $1,000 I
tic-fourth t*Ah, rwldun in equal infltAllmuntn it
me. tw? nnc! three year*.
JNO. P. GILCHRIST, I
nngil At Top Mill. I
J^L KllICAN
Artificial Stone Works,
WM. KRAU8E ft CO.,
PIUIiADRI.PlIIA,
Miinnfiteturcrl of the Dnitbln and Bnntlfhl f
Artillcial Pavement,
Por Roada, BldoWAlka SndOardMtWSlka, eqnal
"tone fla^lDf, and, coat* from 15 to 75 per 1
cent leas. Floors for Ice Honae*, Brrwerfea,
Jvltfhens, t'elltra, Ac. Floor Tilw for Btorra,
Hotela, Halla, Ac., In a nritty of (Mors. House
rmnta, and Wills covered In any color atone,
tmetery Rncloaorw, VaaeS, Monomenta, Btepa,
Window Bills, Door Bills, Ac.
??Wr? on Mftrket street, In Hamilton's new
Work, oppo?tt? Clt? Bsnk, where a specimen of
the pavement can M aeen. i
Orders for any of thft a bore received by
i
T18T RECEIVED?
U 10 Kega Banes fro Gfcslngs.
1} Harrela new no. .1 Mackerel.
do. No. I do.
ts Half Barrels No. 3 do.
*5 do. No. I do.
M Rita No. I do.
And for aale h?
notlB LtoV, I) A V RN PORTA PARIB^
()AT BAGS.
1,000 4-bnah. Bnrlap'a Ban for aslo br
octIS LIST, DA VbNPoW1 A PARIS,
UfahtMuftmr.
Gov. Jacob baa laaueJ a proclamation
appointing the liOUi Inat. as Thanksgiving
Day. _
Ai.exis has arrived at laat and Now
York ia iiappy. Ilia visit in tbo social
i.it i nt tfcv ua.nn
Kossuth Una just keen heard of in
London, In connection wUU the International
Society.
CoxauEau will aaao ruble just two weeks
from to-day, and when Garrett Davis
gets to going we hope Cuuuctlmeu will
take a brief respite.
Tim llegiitcr will not support Tweed
any longer. It is believed alsv that Tweed
will not contribute any more ol his spoils
to help support tho lttgulor. This will
bo bad for both.
Danuehous ilEoiUEN.?On tin Oth a
little daughter of Eli Hammond, of Etlenboro,
ate half a box of Costab's rat
exterminator." A skilful doctor and
prompt treatment saved her life.
Tim Council Committee on Ileal Estate
are' considering the nronrletv ol lo
eating the peat bouse on Whoeling- Hill,
on ground owned by the city. A good
place; will bo brisk and healthful brcezea
up there this winter.
Ah the bottom is dropping out from uuder
Tammany, the people of New York
are growing suspicious of everything with
which the Tammany leaders have any
connection, Three or four of the New
York banks have Buffered a run on account
of this suspicion and been obliged
to suspend and others are threatened with
a similar fate.
Transkbrs ok Ubal Est at*.?The
following transfers of real estate were recorded
at the Recorder's office during the
week ending November 17th:
Deed made November 3, bv John II.
Trull to A. M. Btoveftaon, (or part of lot
No. 0 in C. L. Zano's addition (55 feet by
108;) $1,150. Admitted November 13.
Deed made April 1,1870, by Thoe. J.
Blair and wife to John II. and Charles
Lukcns, for the undivided b&lf of 85 feet
ill' lot No. 5 in II. Moore's trustee's addition
it,400. Admitted November 14.
Deed miulo March 4, 1870, by llenry
Brues anil wlfo to Miry Lukene, wife of
John 11. Lukens, for Iractlonal lots Mo. 07
?nd 08, Kim street, Wheeling Island;
|47S; Admitted Novomber 14.
Deed made October 20,1870, by Italph
Marsh and wife to Italph Marsh, Jr., for
fractional lot Mo. 8 and the north half of
lot Mo. 4, Coal street, Webster township;
(800. Admitted November 14.
Deed mado November 11 by Nancy Y.
Merrill and others to Daniel F. Mckinley,
lor the south half of lot No.il in
xioare 11, J. Caldwell's addition; 9|00.
Admitted November 17.
TENNE88M5.
rhe Feel in the Delinquent Railroad
OaMs-'-Fatal Kerosene Accident
NAMiviiJi, Nov. 18.?E. II. Ewlng'
W. F. Cooper and W. B. lteese, Btate Afr
:orncys in tho delinquent railroad cases,
lave addressed a communication to the
Legislature in explanation of their doiiand
for large fees, and taking possession,
indor a lien, of $72,000 worth of Btate
xnuis. They state that tho bonds will be
eft witli the Btato Commissioners, or sucli
>thor oiliccr as the Legislature may (llrcct;
;hat they will mako nochargo for services,
tbandon any claims thoy may liavo to the
)onds and leave the whole matter to the
lense 01 justlco or mo legislature, rney
idopt this course not bccauae they do not
jelievo their demand la )uit and their
fees reasonable, but becauso Messrs.
Fogg and McKlnney, two ol tho Btato
Commissioners, have ejpressed their
jplnlons that tiie Ices charged are too
large, and in self respect they add that
[hoy should not abate their etiargo or
niggle with Uio commissioners or Legislature.
A committee has been appointed
l>y the Legislature to recover the 'bonds
?ml deposit them with tho Btato Comptroller.
Mollis Green, (colored) while filling a
liunp last night, spilt some kerosene on
Iter dress, which subsequently ignited,
tier clothing was laterally burnt from her
body. Her injuries are regarded as fatal.
Lewis, her brothor, a'small lad, was slightly
burned whilst trying to aalst her.
'The Weather To-Hay.
was Difabtmikt, 1
Optics or tbi Cntar Sioif ai. uprioia,
WAtllisoToN, D. C., Nor. 19?17:90 r. M. 1
rnoiiAnit.rriKg.
The low barometer {n Wisconsin will
probablf iilebd eastward, with bnsk
southwest winds from Lako Erie to Illinois
and northward, preceded by cloudy
weather and possibly rain on the lower
lakes. Northerly winds and clear weather
will probably prerall on Monday In
Misslmlnni and Teias: cloudy and clear
Ing weather will continue in llto Southern
Btalcs excepting Florida; threatening
weather with lalllng haromoter in Florida
?nd on the middle and east Atlantic cout.
Cautionary slgnala are continued at Chicago,
Milwaukee and Grand Haven.
MEXICO.
City ofIIkxico, Nor. 11, via Havana,
Nov. 11).?Sir. Nelson, United 8tatofl
Minister, lias aent hit Secretary to malie
in Investigation Into the eweofthn American
bark Brothers, Mixed by the Mexican
iiithoritlea.
A formidable revolution is taking
filaco throughout the country, nnd a
jhangeln the existing government is expected.
The Treasury la bankrupt, and
1I16 people are going over to the rcroluLlortMtS.
CUBA.
Havana, Not. 18.?Tlio Government
continues to make arrest# ol person* implicated
in the rebellion. The Consnl of
Sweden at this port ha* lieen banished.
Ho la charged with acting as the agent of
Benor Aldama and other well known
Culmn rclnfeea.
?Ki-Qovernor Heymnur had a Ion* polltleal
conference Friday, with Governor
Parker, at Trenton, New Jersey.
?Mayor Oaaton, ol Hoaton, accepts the
Democratic nomination for re-election,
and the present Indications are thai he
will bo endorsed liy the Republicans.
BY TELEGRAPH."
ASSOCIATED PBSSS BEPOET.
I Exclusively to tke Intelligencer.
(By Uu WcaUn Dnloo Lino.
OBm Norlh woit cor. ol Mils ?nd Muuroo lU.)
ANOTIIBA JNDIANA MOB.
Attempt to Take the Murderer, Check,
from Jail at IJrookvillc.
Indianapolis, I.n'i)., Nor. 10.?A mob,
lost night at Brookville, Ind., forced the
jail awl attempted to luko Cheek, the
murderer of bin father-in-law, at Lawrencuimrg,
this Stato, a year since, thcrofrom,
it ia supposed with the intention of
lynching him. Cheek knocked the first
man in tho cell down, taking the revolver
from him, and defended himself bravely.
Many of the mob wcru hurt. The Jailor
in the meantime cscapod and rang tho
firo alarm, bringing the citizens to his aid
wheroupon tho mob scattered. Many of
them were recognized. Check has been
granted ne* trial, and It is (cared that
hia sentence may be light or dlsmistcd.
Cincinnati, Nov. 10.?Later dispatches
from Brookville, Ind., state that the
mob which undertook to tako Macllonaid
Cheek, tho murderer of Thomas llai
rison, from Ike jail last night, nnmbercd.
from seventy-flvo tu one kupdrad persona,
who hailed Irom Aurora, Ind., and vicinity.
The attempt was made at lialf-past
12 o'clock.
ARRIVAL OF ALEXIS.
The aretlBnd has* Rough PassaHU
New Yohk, November 111.?Early this
morning the Russian frigate Svetland arrived
safely oil the light ship with the
Duke Alexis on board. She experienced
strong head winds and heavy was pearly
the whole passage. Tho ofllcers on duty
made Immediate inquiry II the other vessels
of the Russian licet had yet reached
port, and were iniormed that tlioy had.
They immediately communicated tho intelligent)
to those on Hoard tho Svetland. i
A loud cheer soon testified that the news i
of. the safety ol their companions had
reached the ears ol the crew ol the flagship.
I
We aro indebted to tho Tribune for tho
louowing: 1110 nussian irigaio ovci-
land, entered the lower bay at noon, lit-
tended by tho revenue cutter Northern.
Approaching thu American squadron at
Horse Shoe, alio tired a National salute,
which was quickly responded to by tho
Congress, Severn, Iroquin atid Kansas,
each vessel dipping colors as she passed
to anchorage. The Grand Duke oppeared
on deck and bowed repeatedly to tho saluted
of tho American officers, which Ad-
iniral Rowan received with'all honors. I
Tho Bvetlond frlgato met .'a storm off t
Ilatteras, which lasted until Friday night,
w lien observation showed her to bo lotty
miles of Capo May. The pilot was taken
at 4 o'clock p. M. Saturday oirtho Barncpa.
Tho vessel received no damage and did
not ship a sea. Alexis is dressed lu a
simple uniform, is erect and tall, strongly
built, lias the air of a gentleman, clear
complexion, light hair and whiskers, blue 1
eyes, speaks English quite fluently, but I
appears to prefer Fronch. The Russian
Minister, Cntacazy, passed tho afternoon i
In the frlgato as tho guest of the Duko. i
Collector Murphy .Henry Cloves and other
gentlemen will proceed to tho frigate at I) I
m. to morrow in a revenue cutter. The
Grand Duko will bo serenaded to morrow
evening by tlio 0th regiment band. I'res- f
ident Grant was officially informed by tel-
egrapli ol liia arrival by Admiral Rowan.
CHICAGO*
The Remains of McDevIt, the Dilliard
Player, Found.
Chicago, Nov. 18,?Tlic charred remains
ol John McDovltt, tho colcbrnted
billiard player, were thin evening found
under tho ruina of the TrBiune building,
ile wh seen on tho morning of tho Ore
in Iront of the building, somewhat intoxicated,
and refused to make Ills escape
when urged by his friend to do so, declaring
that he was not afraid of being burned.
The body was recognized uy the
pantaloons ho had on.
cnosnY ontuA nousu manager tiuks to
kill himself.
Chicago, Not. 10.?Dr. 0. II. Horn,
formerly business manager of Crosby's
Opera House, attempted to commit suicide
last evening about B o'clock, at Batchel-
dor's restaurant, No. 414 Btaio Btrcct, by
shooting himself with a revolver. The i
ball entered the loft breast but did not t
penetrate deep enough to Inflict a fatal j
wound. lie was not seriously Injured.
Domestic Infelicities are assigned as the
cause. I
reappearance of tiie rrpuriilcan. j
Tho UtpxMiain, which has been print-
ing a small sheet since the fire, will appear
in the morning In tho old shape, and
hereafter bo published regularly. c
SHOCKING Mt'BDER IN HOSTON.
A Man Ilnrnshl* Wife to Death with J
Kerosene. j
Nbw Yoiik, Not. 11).?A ppccial from i
lloeton says a man named John U. Clinton,
a barber, was arrested at Lynn, Massachusetts,
last night, charged with beat-
ing his -wife In a brutal manner, then J
pouring keroneoe over her and setting
her on Are. She was literally roasted to
death. The body was still burning when
found, and presented a sickening sight.
There was marks of vioionceon tier head
consisting of one hundred and three cuts,
looking as though they had been made 1
with some dull instrument. On her I
breast were also wounds which appeared
to hare becd caused by something besides i
the flames. Her features were rendorcd
unrecognizable, and her hair ?M burned
close to her head, leaving tho skull bare
and heavily crisped, and the black flesh
dropping from the hands, arms and body.
LITTLE HOCK. 5
Lrrrr.p. Rock, Ark., Not. 18.?Ilans
Merchland, formerly of Memphis, and
home, this morning curly, of one hnndrcd
and ten dollnrit, nnd some silver. The
police gobbled them. They will ho tried
Monday.
One hundred and thirty esses sre bo- t
lore the Bonthcm Claims Commission to
dste.
1
A Collision nt Ren. f
IxiNiKtN, Nov. 18.?News has lieen re-
ecived nl a collision at soa, between two
supposed American vessels, the Alls Mor- i
ton and Agnes Campbell. The latter 1
sunk. Nopsrticnlsrs. I
NEW YORK CITY.
-4
Buu on the Tammany Banks.
Three Suspensions?Others
Threatened To-Day.
ARRIVAL OF ALEXIS.
I.KTTKU FltOir JOHN STtfAUT MIU*
Ntiw Yoiik, Nov. 18?Honing.?At a
regular weekly meeting of the Liberal club
last evening, a letter Was read Iroui .John
Stmirt Mill, in reply to Mr. Grceloy's
untilreo trail* criticism.
noLD RODI1KHV.
Yesterday afternoon two men entered
the ollico of the Union Trust Company,
and while one of them was convening
III, II,i, 1'rrail.li.nt mnrmnlnir n lnnn <hn
other weut into an adjoining room anil
took 101 bonds of $1,000 each oftheMnnticcllo
Railroad Company. One of til (J
men, who gave tho name of Edwards, was
secured. Ills confederate escaped with
tlie humid.
FALL OF 1IC1I.MNUS.
Three four story buildings on 122nd St,
whose foundations were undermined by
the lata storm, fell yesterday afternoon,
burying Charles Nelson, a laborer. Loss
DIWI KilOSl RATING nKBHINO.
l'alriek Barry died yesterday from eating
herrings brought from Loiukin, by steamship^
Ueventer, which ha/I become Impregnated
with arsenic, which was part
of the cargo. The health authorities are
investigating the case.
Several ol the crew of the steamship
City of Mexico were arrested for smuggling
cigars from Havana.
SUSPKNSIftN or A TIVKKD BANK.
The Guardian Savings Ilnnk has been
placed In the hands of A. J. Uogers, Public
Administrator. It had long been
known as Tweed's Bank, and had as Executive
Committee, Owen Brennan, E. C.
Wilbcr, James Ihgorsoll, G. Putnam and
i. imnnan.
A11T SALE F01I CIIICAOO.
The salo of the works of nrt for the
hcnclK of Chicago arllata, la pottnonod
till noxt Monday unil Tuesday. Mesarn.
Clark iSchultx., importers in this city
|)uhlisli a letter calling the attention of
[he mercantile community to the continued
abstraction of goods coming through
the Custom Houbo at Mlddletown, New
i'ork.
The Superior Court hu granted
wo injunctions against the Roundont
Oswego ltailroad, restraining tho oompaty
from interfering with tho stock of tho
oad or Ironi disposing in any way ol Uio
iroperty. Tho charge Is that tho Directors
utvo been guilty of misconduct.
TWBKlVs DRMUnilRB. I
Charles O'Conor sayB he has very lit-
le doubt that the demurrer of Tweed's 1
itilt will lie overruled.
The German Republican Central Com-
nitteo, last night resolved that In tho 1
Uturo they would throw their support in 1
he scalo of public integrity. They ask a 1
cpeal of tho present city charter.
NF.W KI.KCriON LAW.
The Coinmltteo of Seventy intend to j
lresentadraltoi anew election law to i
ho nest Legislature for adoption.
TJIK C'llOI.KUA Bill I". I
The passengers on the cholora ship
lie disease to duo lo bud water, tin-
deanliness, ami luck of provisions. The 1
nsulllclency of coal on the steamer made 1
t necessary lo use tlio trunks ol the steer- I
ige passengers for fuel, to lirlng lier 'o
x>rt.
tub Tuny. 1
At tlio Fleetwood Park yesterday, In
i match for flvo hundred dollars, urace
iertain to harness, beat '1'opsy to wagon, 1
)est time 2:35; second raco lor |SdO, was
von by William, boatlng"Rock ol Ages." J
1:07}. At Prospect, I'ark, yesterday, a
natcii for |U,000, was won by Kingston 1
ind mate, beating Honest Allen and mate, 1
imo, 2:10}, 2:17}, 2:18}, 2:00.
TAY (IOUI.D.
Jay Oould 1ms not yet*filed with the
Jheriir his withdrawal from Tweed's
>ond.
DEMAND KI10M TWEBD. j
Tweed has llled a demand asking that
ho placo lor the trial ol hU case be f
changed from Albany to Now York.
At a meeting ol tlio Workingmen's
Union last, night notlccs were given that t
everril trades unions would withdraw, as i
ho association was being used by politi- i
sinus. t
WHY TWKRD's llANK COLLAMKI).
The collapse of the Guardian Dank Is
laid to bo owing to the withdrawal by
I'weed of a large amount of the city and 1
:ounty money deposited there, rendering
bo bank unablotocash checks for|70,000
iresented yesterday. i
EXCITEMENT OK I,ON(l lfct.AND. I
l' There la grcnt excitement at Hunter's
Point, Ij. I., owing to differences concernng
tho religious question in the public
moots.
In Brooklyn this morning Judge Gilbert
eftmeil it mandamus to compel the Hoard
>t Canvassers to reject tho election rourns
oftiiu Sixth District.
Mayor Hall has tendered the appointnent
of Commissioner of Public Instrucion
to James W. Gerard, in placo of
Isaac 0. Hell, resigned. The Mayor dolies
that he hat T*c?d'e resignation.
nUN ON ANOTHER TAMMANNY HANK.
All extensive run on tho Bowling Green
Savings Hank to day was caused by Its
umored connection with tho Guardian
laving* Bank.
SIAVOH IIAM. I't.AVIW! IT FINE.
It was currently reported about the
'ity Hall to-day that Henry Stebblns,
Sdwards Plerrepont.and Horace Greeley
vere agreed upon by Mayor Hall and
Jepiity Comptroller Green for tho vacan:i*s
In the Park Commission. Mayor Ilall
saeeklng to ally himself with the reformirs,
and Is trying to got some refotm Demicrats
to accept the places recently made
meant.
C'OsrP.HKtmi TWEED'S RBSlnNATION,
The Krrninn JVWm, Ben. Wood's paper,
ays, in respect to Hie Mayor's denying
hat ho has Tweed's resignation: "We
eiterato that Tweed lias handed Bis rcstglKtion
to Mayor Hall. This was given on
amriltlM 111At gratiemen whom Mr. i
rweed named shall lie appointed Doaa ol
lie Department ol the Public Works."
mori rAPRnn i>rstboyf.i>. i
Peter I). Sweeney was this afternoon I
icrvcd with a legal process on behalf ol
Hiss Mansfield, demanding the surrender
if papers In Ms possession, which aro said I
o implicate him and Tweed In the Erie i
if hemes. It Is said that Sweeney has de- I
itroycd tho papers alluded to.
During a collision between a schooner
incl some canal lx*?t this morning, on the i
North river, a pistol was flrcd at the canal 1
mat, dangerously wounding .lames Hill,
UOWLINO UKEEN WANE SUSPENDED.
The ran on Bowling Green Barings Bank
caused a suspension at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The officers of the bank say thai
ut the end of sixty days it will be able to
meet all demands.
OTflBK BANKS THREATENED TO-DAY.
It is reported that there will bo a run
on other banks Monday.
A TIlUtD SUSPENSION.
The Nutional Savings Bank also suspended
to-day, making three in all.
EXCITEMENT ABOUT TWEED'S DANK.
There was considerable excitement
about the lluiirilittu ouvinga Hunk to day.
The depositors were assembled in lurqc
numbers (round the bank, though no
demonstrations were made. The lricnds
of Tweed tried to pacily the crowd by
saying that the bauli would resumu on
Monday. Prominent Taimnanyites have
had ollicial connection with three of the
suspended banks, Tweed being President
of the Guardian Bank, and Police Commissioner
Henry Smith, ot Bowling Green,
in the olUee.
smallpox.
Nine new cases ol small pox aro reported
to-day. This makes thirty-nine
eases since Saturday last
QUARANTINE CUOLKltA.
Tlio cholera at Quarantine is now supposed
to have been Bubdued. No deaths
nave occurred since Thursday. The
Humboldt, of the same line as the Franklin,
expected to arrive on Tuesdsy, it is
feared, will have a portion of the disoasu
on board.
WHY AI.KXIS DON'T COMB.
It is snid at Quarantine that the real
causo of the delay of Princo Alexis' arrival,
Is owing to the fact that, as there la
cholera in Huisla, it was deemed advisa- 1
bio to take a migratory course and visit 1
JIaderia and other Bouthern climates bo- 1
lore proceeding.
a c0nwm1cm of fiuud.
An olocted Inspector of Brooklyn named i
Welilon pleaded guilty to tho charge of
fraud, and gives bail in the sum of |2,100, i
tho amount asked by tho Orand Jury. i
didn't dib or HBitniNo. i
The man who was reported to hare
died from eating poisoned herring, is now j
said by the coronff'q jury to havo died ol
appoplcxy. 1
LATKH ('O.ICKIlNINd TURU0W1.INU UltUUN
UAMK.
Nuw York, November 19.?'Tho Sun- J
iui/ lltratA says tho primary causo of tho
suspension ol tho Howling Green Savings
Bank is said to havo been the loss of a
Suartcr of a million dollars in Hanibal
t. Joseph Block, in which the ofllcers and
directors, it is alleged, speculated with iu J
funds. Wm. Heltuea, Its Secretary, stated J
last evening that ho would not bu able to 1
upen the doors Boon, if nt all. He says
Iho liabilities and assets are each about
lialf a million, and that tho bank will bo i
iible ofter a while to meet overv obliga- t
lion, nnd have ample securities. They i
liavo been obliged to bear tho odium of
connection with tho Iiing for three
months, and to ralso money thov bad to
tell their securities at a heavy discount. J
Mr. Tone Is said to have been appointed 1
receiver. The World says that Judgo 0
Flogan, who is one of tho directors of the
bank, said Inat ovenlug that unless there 11
ira? Iraud there could bo no serious
trouble result. If thero was fraud, bo 11
would not be sorry to Bee tho guilty inan
itrung up to a lamp-post, and the poor, 11
whoso hoarded dollars were taken Irom r
[hem, would bo likely to take Uio law Into
:heir own hands. The Judgo nevor at.ended
a meeting of the Hoard, though
lomlnaliy an oftlcer. Tho Secretary and
Walter Hoehe, however, assured him that
ill was right.
TUB NATIONAL 8AVINOS INSTITUTION.
The ofllcers ol tho National Savings
[natitution, corner oi Houston and Broad-
?ay, of which John McBride Davidson, j
,hc rlhg's side man Is President, deny that
t has suspended, and say that it will be
>|>et> Monday, prepared to pay all demands, ind
that every depositor is secured. Ar- J
angements hove boon mado to meet an
ixtraordinnry drain, llichard M. Tweed
s one of the trustees.
ANOTHER HANK TOTTKniN(l.| 1
Humor lost evening said that the York- r
,111., Hi.vln.ra 11alib ,.f nl.lrll llnnri, IV 1
3cnct la President, had borne a heavy o
unj tlmt its assets were entirely Inraf- o
Iclent, and a crash la Inevitable. The
lepoaitora are mainly ot tho poorer class- g
is. Tho olflcors of this Institution say e
hero was no run upon it; that its doposts
arc under $100,000; that Its directors
ire men of wealth, and liable to make
;ood any deficiencies In the event of nuch s
in unlocked for clrcutratanco aa iusolvon- t
!y. They repudiate any connection with
he ring. n
rwmtu JR. BRTinES KUOM TUB MBTIIO- i|
rOLTTAM. d
Rllibard Tweed retires from tho Metro- t
>olltan Hotel on tho 1st of December, and t
it. W. Wilkinson takes his place. a
VIADUCT BAtl-WAV.
Tho Viaduct Hallway Company will
jo organitod next Wednesday. Fifteen J
)ulortho twenty-flve directors iiavo re-
ilgnod, and their gucccssors are to be men
lficonnected with the ring and tho city t,
;ovcrnment. Commodore Vanderbiit is _
mentioned as ono of the new members.
Kflbrts have been made to have Sweeney
remain, but ho positively declines. Tweed
?nd Connolly are certainly out. It Is bo-
leved that the plans lor building tho new v
road are miendanecred. H
Tho Russian clipper Abreck came to j|
:ho upper quarantine yesi?rday. The
Juliana is to bo promptly inspected by
;ho Health Olllcers.
Application was made to luo British
lonsulate yesterday liy tliree naturalized
citizens for permission to resume alle- .1
?lanee to Great Britain.
The Williamsburg Mormon Church is _
jrenklng up, and most of Its leaders hare f
jonotoutab.
St, Andrew's Episcopal Clinrch, corner j
if 27th street and Fourth avenue, was
jurned last night Loss (19,000,
The Jewelry store of ,1. Brennnn, la
Maiden Lane, wan robbed yesterday of
>2,000 worth of diamond rings by sneak
hleves.
Mr. Allen Young, said to bo the victim I1
if an abortionist named Mrs. Palmer, ot c
(Vllllamsbnrgh, was found in Broome
itrect last night, in a critical condition, J
ind sont to a hospital.
The American Girl beat W. II. Allen at J
Fleetwood yesterday, in a deferred heat
if Not. 18th, In 22?.
.Indue Bowline has sentenced two nro
wietora ol Keno estahltahmonta each to
lit monthii In the penitentiary unit aline
it aM. J
Mrs. Ann McClcllnn, a ChlcagomlTcrcr,
ippiied for lodglagat the pollco station In
\ntnrla, ln.it night. She kept n hoarding
tome at Main anil Market atrceta, In Chi-
ago, where alto was In comfortable cir:nm?tanccs,
hut lost everything hy the
rent fire. 8ho haa made her way East
n search of friends. ii
Nkw YonK, Nor. 18,?Evening.?The h
lawyers of this city, propose to form an
association to put an end to tlie extortions
and abuse ol Urn Hheritl'a oBice.
An examination ol the accounts ol the
Guardian Savings Bank, by tbc Receiver
and clerks, shows that there were $57,000
deposited to tho credit ol the city,
while the bank held no city or county
bonds, or securities. Mr. 1 loclie, one of
tho Vice Presidents, has given bond for
the amount deposited to the credit of the
Foundling Asylum Bank, which holds
about $230,000 In real estate bonds and
mortgages.
A special detective of the United States
Sub-Treasury, lclt to-day lor Europe, to
accuro tho arrest ol Andrew J. Gorvoy.
Thcro has been one death by cholera.
Tho Merman Republicans and Democrats'
active reform movement met at
Gcrmanla Hall, Blgismund Csufinan, Hopublican,
Chairman, and Marquis Ottcn-
bourg, Reform Democrat, Secretary.
Alter speeches Irom Oswald Ottendorfer,
David M. Koehen and others, It was re- i
solved to form a body representing all the
German residents desiring to coaperats,
and a committee was apiwtnted to ottcct i
an organization.
Tliofire to day In tho old Tabernacle
church building, near Mulberry street, I
now a tenement house, resultod in the destruction
of the household furniture of 21
poor families, and the fatal burning ol' N.
N. Wolsli.
Arrived?Steamer Idago from Liver- I
pool. I
CINCINNATI. I
Detection ol an Embezzler* t
Cincinnati, Nov. 10.?'Tho chief sales- 1
man ol Howell, Oano Co., prominent
hardware dealers hero, has been dlscovered
practicing a system ol emboizlement f
upon tho llrtu which haaextended through
a number ot' years and which aggregates 0
about $13,000. The course pursued was
lo ship goods to innocent customers in J!
Chicago, who were made lo bolieve that e
by getting them through tho salesman J'
was procuring them cheaper. Tho goods
thus shipped wero never entered on the l'
Srm books. The oflchder was considered
ibovo suspicion, but when conlrontcd by 1
iiis accusors he confessed and made nr-
rangements by which tho larger part of J1
Jie amount will bo restored to tho Arm,
im Irlends agreeing to make up the deficit. 0
BANQUET TO OUN. WKITZEI,.
The committee to arrange for the ban- ti
juct to Ocn. Weltzel, as u recognition of u
lis faithful services In councction with v
he Louisville Canal, has been appointed,
Mnslsting of A. T. Qoshorn, Charles W. ti
Rowland, Ulchard Hinitli, apt. Eckort, Bl
lugustus Weasel, B. P. Covington and It.
3lggs. The chairman lett tor Louisville b
resterday to conler with Gen. Weltzel b
elativo to the time.
TUo Turners of this city hold their an-
lual festival to-day. Alter parading P
hrough tho streets, they spend the re-
Minder of tho day In Wood Park. (J
DKTSCTIVKS TO BK OVBlUIAVtBD.
Mayor Davis has ordered an investlgaion
Into the conduct ol some of Ills detectves,
against whom serious charges were
nade yesterday at a meeting ol citizens,
tho have recently been Uie victims of si
lurglars. i,
Tie revelations yesterday were damag- si
ng to tho detcctivo system of the city, and
lie proceedings published in this morn- b
ng's papers has occasioned much foin-
nent.
KVANSVII.LE, IND. n
ol
Evansviue, Ini)., Nov. 10.?J?dgo h
I. Johnson, ot tho Court ol Common tl
'leas, died at 11 o'clock a.m., after an HI- w
ess of about four weeks. si
David Hermann Kuper was elected n
ouncllmnn of tho 3d Ward, at a special A
lection yesterday, to succeed E. G. Van a
tiger, ills opponent was Thomas E. al
iarvln, a distinguished Democrat. tl
A little girl named Annio Lillick, died, 1c
eslerday p. M., from burns received the ir
venlng previous by her clotbcs taking ai
re from a stove. gi
Flltoen men vera arrested litis a. m s|
rlillo laying a track for the Bt, Louis
!ransvllle ltnilrond, ih pursuanco ol tbo tl
Sht of way granted by tbo council. b>
ey were arrested at the instance of tho is
wner of the property bordering tho track, n:
n a charge of Sabbath breaking. a
Maggie Cook, a servant girl, was dan- tl
crousiy burned by Illuminating oil, this C
vcnlng. _ 01
qi
The Cave-In Voder Hyde Park. w
Nbw York, Nov. 18.?A special from' T
if ran ton says: Tho excitement at Hyde a'
'ark has partially subsided. The ground
ns settled about one foot more since last 91
Ight, and still continues to sink. Thero Cl
i, however, no apprehensions of further P1
lamago to property. The ground within ol
lie limits of tho cave-In continues to set- tc
le, tho breaks In tbo Burlaco widening, 'c
nd tho cracks hi the walla of the bulldogs
aro increasing. I"
The Wilkesbarro Iron and Coal Com-
lany's men are on a strlko lor non-pay
lent of wages. It was agreed at tho re- o
umption Mint tho men should be paid be- Oj
ut during tlio election tho monthly pay- c<
lentil were delayed until tho 21st Now l>
boy insist on the terms being complied
ritli. 'I
John Evans deliberately plunged a dltk
nifo into tho throat ol Benjamin Hughes,
fltliln a few feet of tho largest fissure near
lie cave, yesterday evening. Hughes can
ivo hut a short time.
K
OMAIIA. V
Omatia, Neb., Not. 18.?Thcro was a
Bvere sleet storm In this vicinity yesteray
and to day, and a snow storm westrhich
has causcd a prostration of tho tele, a
raph lines and a considerable delay ol
rains. Gen.
Ord will take command of the
)epartment of the Platte, and Oerl. Angur jj
ocs to Texas.
Demonstration of Colored Idea nt
Norfolk. ir
New Your, Nov. 18.?A Norfolk (lis- p
atch states that a mass meeting ol color- II
d men was called for yesterday after- 1?
oon, to express regret and sympathy lor ft
lio death ol the colored policeman shot ai
?t Saturday night. The public meeting
ras prohibited from being held liy the 8
layor on account of an anticipated riot, n
A
MILWAUKEE. A
MIMMIflUt, Nov. 18.?Chief of police
leek, Is now considered out of danger,
'ho ball hat not liecn found, but llie Inications
aro that itfl cotirso wan such aa
ot to touch any vital port, and will give t,
lm no trouble. ci
lionlalnnn Slate Fair. Jj,
N*w Oni.RANfl, Nor. 18?The Lonis- C
>na State Fair opened to day. The time ri
ir entering articles Is extended to the 23d. 11
FOREIGN.
GCBKANV.
Explosion at Ehrenbreiuteia.
Fbamktoht, Nov. 18.?Thlj morning
in the Fortress at Khrenbreitstein, opposite
Oobeulz, on tUu Itliine, souie cartridges
ignited in (lie military laboratory,
and a largo quantity <if llxeu ammunition
exploded. Thu building Was badly shattered.
Three soldiers were killed aad
many wounued. Tut) innuendo magazines
ut the lortress, where a supply of powder
is stored sufficient for a lou years' selge,
escaped.
SPAIN.
Madrid, Nov. 18.?Tho Committee on
tho Budget have agreed to report in favor
ut tlio tax ou the Interest of Spanish bondsmen
In foreign countries.
Minister Sickles publishes it statement
ihat the former Ministers Rivero. Marios
ind Becarroa, and the lamented Marshal
Prim all and severally assured him that
3uba should be justly treated as in the
Province ol Spain; that these promises
irevented the American Government
torn Interfering inCuban aflairs.
ENGLAND.
London, Nov. 18.?The subscriptions
or Chicago, received at tho Mapsion i
[louse un to last evening un.rn (MM Km
Dr. McLeod stales uflfcially that bo has j
Lttcnjed tho Queen for over thirteen i
rears, apt] declares that all the rcimrts I
bat Her Majesty has shown symptoms ol t
nental weakness aro unqualifiedly falsa. I
Tho Standard announces that the nego- 1
iatlons between tho Hrltlsh and Frcnch i
[overnments, lor modification of tho comnorclal
treaty, havo been broken oB. No I
niisv fur tlin Intermission Is assigned. i
Tho first Iioman Catholic mission ever t
lespatcheil from England I tho United 1
I lutes sailed to-day. Tho party consists
if four priests, who aro to labor oxclualvo- t
y among tho colored people. Previous c
o their departure Archbishop Manning t
ddressed them. Ho said that this mission t
,ad been established because England had c
mposed Slavery on Amorica, and It was
ttlng that Englisbmon should bo tho first 1
movo lor tlio amelioration of tho netoly s
mancipated race. t
Nkw YoftK, Nov. 18.?To-day's malls c
:om England have letter from the Chief of a
lie G'onstabularity at White Iiaven, Kng- t
ind, to the anti-Popery lecturer, Murphy, t
rho had Just arrived at that place, promling
to arrest hint if ho undertook to lec- f
ire. It is said that this course Is ncccs- r
wj to prevent a riot. <1
London, Nov. 19.?Louis Kossuth has C
een elected a member of the London
ranch ol the International Society. t
uultuiiiu, ?i lih) u. d. Army, who r
i passenger on tlis American frigate
abash, now en route for Europe, Is ox- (i
ected to arrive in England in May. The
ibtener in its Issue this morning, contracts
tlio roport that the General is sent to
lurope on a special mission, anil Bays his
lp Ib merely one of pleasure.
FRANCE* c
Paws, Nov. 18.?A degree lias been is- J
led suspending the newspapers Lavien- n
er and U for printing articles in- v
liting to the government
Several additional court martlals have
een created for to dispose of a largo num- lt
er of Communist prisoners still untried.
Gambcttn made ills expected speech at tl
t. Quentin, last night His tone was a]
loderate, and his speech has an excellent h
feet on public opinion. He assured his f<
earers that no danger at present menaced c
M existence of the Hepubllc, but reforms t,
rero necessary to confirm it. The people I
lould see that legislation to that eud be 0
ot kept back too long in (he national
jMmbly. The citizens should take c
lore active practical interest in political
Hairs, and make their Influence felt in c
10 government to elvo their power .Its
giiimate ellect lie advocated the for-,
lation of a national Itcpubllcan party,
ad Hotforth In detail tliu plan ot tlio or- J:
animation, which Is basod in many re-
vv>tu unnn tlin Aniflrimn avotjim u
A Paris letter ol November 6th, Btatcs
lot tlio spirit ol tlie working classes is
Bcomlng somewhat revolutionary. MuoU
Baiil to bo due to tbo new radical lour-
als, In one ol which there was published E
direct injunction on All Soul's Day, to
lose who had lost relatives during the
ommuno, to mnko a demonstration at
no of the public cemeteries. In conse-
ucnco ol this several Uiousand troops
ere under arms during the whole day. q
rouble among this class may occur at
t any moment.
Tho trial of tho parties accused of anasnatlng
Qonerals Thomas and Locomte
ided on tho 10th. Tho prisoners were
ronounced gnllty. Verdaguer and seven
thors wore sentenced to suffer death, ono 1
imprisonment for life at hard labor, and c
in to various terms ol confinement. P
Tho reorganization of the French army o
making rapid progress. By the end of J
10 year tho strongest straeetlc positions
a the Knstern frontier will bo occupied B
j a completely reconstructed and luor-
uglily equipped corps of the army. r\
JTlio (immhUhmel says Duke uo liar- If
ourt, tho French Embassador to the Pa- d
al Court, had sent a telegram to Count
e Remuset, Minister ol Foreign AfTdirs, f1
:ating that the Pone has expressed his In- l>
mtion of leaving ltomo when a bill pass- n
1 convening tho Italian Parliament In
latcltv. Jl
Uambetta, Louis Blano and Victor
Itigo have Issued a card soliciting sub- g
wlptlnns for the relief of tho families of
'nmnmnlnt. nrlnnripm (1
ii
NEW ORLEANS. b
Nkw Okleanr, Norerabrr 19.?The J
arner-itone of tho Templo of Binai, cor-
ur of Triton Walk and Carondalet
,reet, wds laid to day. The ceremonies
ere imposing. Elegant music br Itev. j
t. S. Jacobs, nnd introductory address by fl
Frank, Priest of the' Temple. Ilev. p
K. Gutliricra, ol thb Temple or Eman- p
el, New York, delivered au elegant and e,
npremiro oration, eliciting ircouent aplauso.
There was also an address by m
lev. J. L. Lancli. The corner stone win j
lid by tiie Grand Master of Masons, B. ft
Todd, assisted by the Grand Lodge u
nd brotlircn witli tlio usual ceremonie*. j
Tho laying of tho corncr-stonc of the
t. Hteplion's Church, on Napoleon Ave- t,
uc. Sixth District, took place to-day,
.ddress by Iter, itishop Qnlnlan. Iter,
.rchblshop Perch look part in the cereionics.
A Delinquent Jailor Arretted. Jj
Bt. Look, Not. 18.?Wm. If. Valley. p
epuly jail keeper of 8t. Lawreneo roun-
r. New York, who la charged with re- n
wing four burglar* lor a brlbo of fire
nndred dollars, about a year ago, waa Ii
rreated on Thuraday la?t near Kanaaa
Ity. Ho la now en routo to St. Fiaw- ti
;nco county under charge of Bliorifl II
towell, of tbnt county. 3!
WASHINGTON.
The Civil Metvice Coiuuiiuion.
W ash INOTUK,November 18,-TUb Civil
Service Coiuutiuaioueni, have been ill
aeafiiou iluring the past week engaged
In grouping and clasailying the inferior
officers in the Civil Service.
Secretary Bttlkpap leaves this evening
for a abort absence in Iowa.
Jiululi Oiven, a deputy in u,o Internal
iktcuuu uuiutu, kwulti'u ma ru)l({nilllOU
to-day, and iiaa acceptcd Uiu attorneyship
to which ho waa elected ill Iowa.
The PreaidouUo-day appointed Horace
11. Harrison United States Attorney for
tlie middle district of Tennesaco.
Tbo Agricultural Report says the returns
Indicate a larger cotton production
than was expected in October, and promises
to inako good tbo moderate expectations
of July and August. Tboro bave
been no killing froeta, and tbo quality is
good la all sections. Tbo yield per acre,
as indicated by county estimates, is tbe
largest in Arkansas.
Tbo total registration ol voters In tbo
District of Columbia shows 13,157 whites
and 8,355 blacks.
The Athletic base ball club havo received
notice from the Championship
Committee that the Athlo^ea have been
declared the champions.' <w>'
lluti. John Boylo and John McLaiigh
muu, me lorracr principal trustee 01 luo
states of Marquis Duto, and tho latter
['resident o f the Great African Blot in boat
Une, callcd on the Secretary of thoTraoasty
and prominent Government ofllcera
.o-day. Their business hero lias relorenco
o tho establishment of a steamship line
ictwecn CardllF, Wales, and New York or
llaltimoro, and to obtain information iu
xmnection with the Invostment of capital.
There Is no doubt the Pacific Congressnen
will move inquiry Into tho tnanagenent,
of Indian altars, in order to ascoraln
officially whether tho peaco policy
ias proved snocesslul.
Tho American Hpanish Commission will
neet again on tho 1st of December. Boviral
claims were Hied, including ono of
bo widow of Charles Bpeakrann, shot at
iantiogo, Cuba, Juno 1B0D. The amount
ilolraeu, is iJilO.OW.
Mr. Newcomb Becretary of Hie Btato of
roxas, 1ms been here several day's, procnting
a claim for (200,000, advancod by
hat Btato for the payment of volunteers
:alled out before tho rebellion, under tho
lUtliority of the United States government
o defend its frontiers. Further leglslaIon
will ho requirod tor its settlement.
A largo number of cotton cases are beoro
the Court of Claims, which will soon
esumo ilssessions. Bomo depend upon the
locision to bo rendered by tbo Bupromo
'ourt.on nn appeal trom tbo Court of
Jlnlms. The latter having deckled against
h? claimant* on tbo ground tbo proclanation
ol tbo I'rcsldont went Into ellect
it the time of publication, and not tbo
lay of date.
ST. LOUIS.
Hcnvr Bulla for Libel.
St. Louth, Not. 19.?Some daya ago
lie Timet, of this city, jpubllalied anartlle
stating that tbo wife ol n prominent
IomcopiiUilo physician bad beeu false to
icr husband, and left with a young
nan from tho East. Dr. Hartmann, a
roll MMMnbyalcian and somowhat ofa
ollticlan, ortMi city, atatea tliat ho and
is wife aro tbo partiea referred to in the
rtlclo, and yesterday a ault was entered
1 tho Circuit Court in their namo against
lie 1\mnt claiming ISO,000 damages for
lander. Dr. Ilarlmann also entered suit
his own namo againat tho samo paper
ir $20,000 damages lor alleged Blander
ontalned In another publication rclcrring
that gontlemnna connection with
Iraile LusTsky, Into defaulting Treasurer
f this city.
Bulla wcro also entered yesterday by
leo. D. Humphreys and Wm. flage
gainst.the North Missouri Kallroad
iompany for |400,000.
TIIB TOBACCO TAX.
Prominent tobacco manulaeturora in
io city una an Intcrvlow yesterday, with
irael Kimball, of tlio Internal Revenue
lureau, at Washington, at which the
ucstion ol taxation or tobacco woa
eely discussed. Resolutions were adopt:1
recommending a rednction of the tax,
nd a uniform rate that Congress should
rotect the manufacturers against tho sale
I leaf tobacco at retail; favoring tho abotlon
of the bonded warehouses i tint
cddlers of tobacco should lie licensed,
nd restricted so as to prevent fraud, and
lat tho tax on sales should bo rovoked,
ml tha( tobacco conllscatcd by tho
ovorninont should bo destroyed.
The Mnnsflsld-Fisk Libel Haiti
New York, Not. 18.?The MansfloldIsk
libel case drew a large crowd to the
'orkvllle police court this morning,
'here was a very formidable array o(
ouncll, something like a hundred newsnper
reporters and plxiut a dor.cn artists
f Illlnslioled papers. District Attorney
'ellows said that as Fink had filed a bond
>r his appearance at tho Court of General
esslons, the JuBtlco was divested with
le jurisdiction. The Justice, however,
tied that risk was entitled to bo examled,
and that the plaintiff should bo pro-
uced. aiiaa mansiieiu, who was present
t the opening of the court, had in the
leantlmo left, anil the officer who went
1 aearcli of her announced that ilie could
ot bo found for prosecution, and explainil
that alio had left by hla advice, and
liat ho bo given time lor preparation,
tr. Alienor aaid that although sho had
one away, alio had not gone "where the
roodbino twineth." (Laughter) lie
eaired the Court to acml for llint Injured
idivlduai.
Mr. Bpencer's remarks wero followed
y applause In tho back part of the Court.
Ir. McKlen requested the Court to clear
lie room if It waa repeated, charging it
pon tho partisans ol ink.
Mr. Beach suggested that the applauao
ra? a compliment to Mlsa Mansfield Am
IcKlcn, tliat ho had been cxpoaed to rufaniam
In the Court, belore ho waa prearcil
to expect anything from certain
orsons. The Court decided to liear tho
Mnl llPilntr
Bworn complaint* in tho case of Ihe
tits commenced against Fisk by Miss
[ansfield m served this afternoon. Tliey
liege that Fisk had at various times in
30&-70, received tho moneys Mlm
[anefleld and used thorn for |iccnlatlon?
i atocki. Fisk had twent/ days In which
J put in an answer.
Hobberr l? Philadelphia.
Pnri.Ai'i" ''niAl Nov. 10.?Tho jewelry
loroui T. B. Frank was robbed last
tght of $50,000 worth of watchea, etc.
ine burglar concealed hlmsellln thenpcr
part of the building In tho day time,
nil admitted hia confederates during the
Ight. m
crease ofRmall-poi in Philadelphia
Pmr.ADRt.rmA, Nov. 18.?The health
port for the week ending to-day, shows
1:1 deaths from small-pox, an Increase of
Joeer Inst week.