VOLUME XI.-NUMBER 1845.
CHARLESTON. THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 23 1871.
EIGHT DOLLARS A VKAJt
CHAT FROM COLUMBIA.
THE GOVERNOR'S FORTHCOMING
MESSAGE.
Anion nt or the Slate Dr bl-Tat- Colum?
bia Ring-A Small-pox Quarantine.
[SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THB NBWS.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., November 23.
Governor Scott's forthcoming message will
.contain recommendations looking to the re?
tire neat of three million dollars ol State bonds
?within a few months. This is the main en?
deavor to weather the financial storm. It is
claimed that the total debt is less than twelve
millions.
The members of the Legislature, who are
now arriving, talk of carrying out a policy of
ligid retrenchment and reform.
The Governor has Issued a proclamation on
account of the presence of the small-pox at
New York and Philadelphia. Vessels from
those ports arriving at Charleston, George?
town and Hilton Head will be quarantined
until they are inspected by the health officer,
when, li found to be free from disease, they
will be allowed to proceed.
The counsel employed to expose the build?
ing operations ot the Ring In the municipal
government meet with a serious difficulty.
Cl The three practical builders who were appoint?
ed to frame an estimate of the cost of con?
structing the new City Hall are unable to ob?
tain access to the plans and specifications of
the Ring.
The Singleton rioters have been released
upon a writ of habeas corpus, with five dollars
ball, by Trial Justices Nash and Thompson.
The matter will be Investigated by .the grand
jury. PICKET.
VIEWS OF TETE STATE PRESS.
Try the Courin.
(From the Marion Crescent.]
We do not exactly see how sufficient unan?
imity cao be secured to make the resist ance
to-taz-pAjlU'; doctrine a success. We see that
Judge Aldrich favors ibis plan, but on reflec?
tion we are constrained to believe that lt is
Impracticable. No agency which can be
brought to bear would be sufficient'v powerful
to upjte the whole country In this cause, and
nniPss lt *}e general, lt would be ruinous. The
Phoenix suggested the propriety of applying
to the courts for redress, and we an inclin?
ed to think better of this plan. The judicial
arm of our government was intended for
just such contingencies as this, when
the executive and l?gislative departments
are too corrupt to do Justice to the people.
But can we rely upon lt Is lt not more than
probable'that the bench will fall us We fear
so, and yet we can see no other.\ If the effort
ls to be made, let every move be well consider- j
ed before a single step ls taken. New York ls
at work in this line, and her experience
should be some guide to us now. Let the
complaint be so written that the relief prayed
for will be seen to be a legal rLrbt, even
should lt be denied. Then our cause' will be?
come a record, and if we are denied Justice
Where we are taught to seek it, we can then
find some other course to pursue in seeking to
unearth these frauds and punish the robbers.
Pay no Fraudulent Claims.
[From the Marlon Star.]
The New York World, the ablest Democratic
paper in the United States, estimates the en?
tire debt of South Carolina, as lt now stands,
at $37,792,608 20.
Shall we pay this enormous sum The
Tolces of countless thousands of taxpayers cry
no, no, no. The payment of so gigantic a
debt would beggar the State. We are ?eciaed
ly In favor of paying every cent that the State
justly owes. We do not wish to annul a bona
ride contract. We are opposed to repudiating
an honest debt. But we cannot pay millions
from which We have received no benefit-mil?
lions that have been fraudulently used, so far
as we can learn, for the aggrandizement ot
political cliques. With the voice of liberty
stifled, let not Its dying echo be- changed irfto
the walt of starvation.
If the Cain be Spurious, .Vail lt Down.
v [From the columbia Phosalx
We are told that the Bing, of which Gov?
ernor Scott ls the figure head, now acknowl?
edges that there has been an over-Issue of
about three millions. As to these figures, the
public will believe Just what they please. We
Know very well that we are dealing with a
set of unscrupulous and unprincipled officials,
who have over and over again deceived the
public. We believe that the over-Issue has
teen largely la excess of what ls now admit?
ted, and that this will be made apparent be?
fore we are done with this business. If, how?
ever, the over-issue shall be fixed at irom $3.
400.000 to $10.000.000, there will be men, who
call themselves financiers, par excellence,
take the ground that lt would be better to as?
sume these Illegal and fraudulent Impositions
than to decline to recognize them. We meet
this issue at once. We bold that the citizens
ot South Carolina owe lt to themselves and to
their manhood, not to submit to this fraud of j
?windlersand robbers. The Just and legal
obligations of the State should never be repu?
diated.
A Debt of 813,800,000.
[From the Columbia Phoenix.]
The correspondent of the New York Tribune
has been at work tor five days tn trying to ar?
rive at the real amount ot the State debL
Parker, Neagle, Scott and Chamberlain have
x last agreed in a report to him, which will be
blisiied in the Tribune of to-day. The total
fount is set down as $15,800,000. We wlfh
we could believe this to be all. But Scott sta?
ted only last July to the Senate Ku-Klux com?
mittee that the debt was ii,500,OOO. It seems
that he either did not knew, or purposely mis?
stated lt. Is he right now We do not be?
lieve lt. The taxpayers will not be satisfied
until their representatives have access to the
treasurer's accounts. But let them keep o t
rendering accounts. They will get up to ?-e
proper figures about the time they are ready
to tea ve the State for good.
The Governor bas hit upon a scapegoat for
his financial sins. He has been much worried
how to treat the bond business In his message,
but it was suggested that that d-d Chicago
Ure was to blame for all the fuss-i. e., being
found out. So Scott will perhaps speak of the
financial crisis as the act of Providence, and
will recommend the taxpayers to bow with
resignation to the Divine decrees. Will his
Excellency tell us how his head is now
CRIMES AND CASUALTIES.
A Railroad Accident in the West.
CINCIXNATL November 22.
The passenger train on the Indiauopolls
Junction Road was thrown from the track by
a broken rail. No lives were lost. The bag?
gage car of the Little Miami Boad, which lett
New York on Monday evenlag, was burned,
and the contents, including the mails, were
destroyed.
A Fearful Steamboat Disaster
NORWICH, CONS., Novembe 22.
The steamer City ot New London, frOLi No,
wich, ls burning In the Thames River. ?L-:d
is reason to fear that several persons have
perished.
LATER.-The following are known to be lost
on the steamer Nc London: C. B. Rogers
Wm. T. Norton, Harrison Aldrich, boiler
?nglneer Dugan, Shewart, The City of Lon?
don was a first-class boat, and had a full
^freight from New York for Norwich.
W A Horrible Marder.
CLEVELAND, November 22.
Joseph T. Ewing, a mulatto, was found
dead this morning with his bead horribly bat?
tered, and a soldering iron thrust down his
throat.
TBE BLUE RIDGE RAILROAD.
An Antwtr to "Detectiv?," bjr the Prin
cipal Asslttant- Engineer or the Com
pa ny.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEWS.
A friend has just handed me a copy of the
TRI-WEEKLY NEWS of November 14,1871, cal'
lng my attention toa communication by "De?
tective," styled the ''Blue Ridge Ring." Ia
tbls communication my character and reputa?
tion as an-engineer is assailed iu a wanton and
unwarrantable manner. I herewith denounce
his statements and insinuations, so far as I am
concerned, as malicious and false. So far as
the-chief engineer and those constituting the
direction ol the Blue Ridge Railroad Company
are concerned tbey are amply able to take
care of themselves.
In February, 1869, 1 was employed bv Colo?
nel James P. Low, the chief engineer of the
road, as his principal assistant engineer, and
directed by him to make a resurvey of the
route of the Blue Ridge Railroad to a point
near Clayton, Georgia. This was done to his
satisfaction.
When the survey reached the Stump House
Tunnel, the chief engineer visited my camp
and I suggested to him the propriety ol mak?
ing additional surveys, to ascertain if another
line could not be found, which, avoiding the
Stump House Tunnel, would be shorter and
cost less money to build. I expressed the
opinion to him (this opinion I held for years
previous) that it was probable such a Hue could
be lound. Endorsing the maxim of all good
engineers, "No money is wasted by making
experimental lines," he directed me to make
any surveys I saw proper. Now this ls the ori?
gin and inception of the sew route of th? Blue
Ridge Road of which so much hos been said
and written. I am satisfied that neither the
chief engineer, president or directors thought
ot changing the route of the road-at least it
bad never been mentioned to me by any one.
After the resurvey of the old Hue was com
Kleted, the new surveys were made, careful
j, accurately and In good faith. The results
were submitted, and a selection of the route
was made. The estimates on all the lines,
both old and new, were made with the utmost
care, on the same basis, except that the road?
bed on the embankments on the old line was
fourteen feet, agalast twelve feet in width on
the new line. This difference was unimpor?
tant In making up the total cost, as the em?
bankments were, except in rare cases, made
from the material supplied from adjacent cut?
tings, which were absolutely necessary to be
made in any case. The same prices were ap?
plied to both, except that the bridges wei e
estimated at a less price per lineal foot on the
old line than on the new.
With the present contract prices applied
to both lines, the new route In South Carolina
ls seven (7) per cent cheaper, besides being
over one and one-halt miles shorter than the
old route.
My revision of the route of the Blue Ridge
Road from Walhalla, 8. C., to Clayton, 6a., re?
sulted, at the present contract prices, in a
saving o? $118,229, (about seventeen per cent.)
in cost, and over a mlle and one-half in dis?
tance over the old route. Applying tbe prices
which prevailed before the war, and which "De?
tective" says might have bees, renewed in seve?
ral Instances, the saving to the company, by
adopting the new route, would have been
about thirty-two pet cent In South Carolina
Instead of seven per cent. This fact can be
verified by reference to the records of the
company. If the present wide gauge route (io
contradistinction to a route very recently sur?
veyed to ascertain the cost of building a nar?
row gauge road) adopted by tbe Blue Ridge
Railroad Company had been first selected, and
swll the capital en? ended on the o..l route been
applied to It, instead of having only thirty-two
miles of running road, tbe road would have
iee n built and Tn running order to Clayton,
ii... about sixty miles.
Mr. Latrobe, Mr. Oywnn, and other engi?
neers mentioned by "Detective," never en
lorsed unqualifiedly the old route. Far from
t. Some ol' them condemned it. Mr. Latrobe,'
in eminent engineer, suggested the propriety
>f a higher grade and the avoiding or the
Hump House Tunnel.
From an intimate personal acquaintance
?vi th nearly all the engineers employed on the
Slue Ridge Road since May, 1854,1 know their
>plnions of the line of road as located, and
;aa say that "Detective*' ls talking of some
ihlng he ?nows nothing about, as they never
indorsed it as the cheapest and best location.
"Detective" makes a false statement ia
saying that I ran a line around the Stump
House Tunnel which had been examined and
condemned by tbe previous engineers.
The statement of the three assistants, em?
ployed on tbe survey, that the data used In es
ilmating the two roads were radically differ?
ent, ls false.
The statement that I had owned or had
bonded, or even expected to own any land on
or near the new route when lt was adopted by
the company, ls false.
The statement in reference to the testplts
and their developments, ls false.
The statement as to the character of the
work oQ the new line, ls Talse.
The statement that lt has been fouud Im?
practicable, and abandoned on that account,
Is talse.
It lt has been abandoned, lt ls because the
company have decided to adopt the narrow
gauge, which enables them to use a still
cheaper and shorter line. This was one of
the questions to be decided at the present con?
vention of stockholders.
As to the grades and curvature used on the
new route, they are entirely practicable, and
far within the limits of some first-class roads.
I would instance only the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad, which does a business far la excess
of what may be expected on the Blue Ridge
Road. This road works an ascending and de?
scending grade of one hundred and twenty
feet per mlle.
As to what can bo done on a grade of one
hundred and fifty feet per mlle by narrow
gauge engines, the narrow and contracted
brain of "De tee live" had better investigate
(arther, if it Is capable of lt; and If he will call
at the of?ce of the Blue Ridge Sallroad Com?
pany he can '.here procure a copy of a very
able and wel!-svated argument on this subject,
made by the chief engineer of the road, which
will probably enlighten his ignorance.
If "Detective" was desirous of knowing
what my experience was In engineering he
could easily have found out by proper inquiry;
but he preferred for his purposes to publish a
false statement rather than the truth. I desire
to Inform bim that my experience ls ample
to locate and build any road; that I have been
endorsed by first-class engineers, and that bis
false, contemptible and cowardly Insinuations
cannot Injure me.
My duties are confined to the Immediate
charge of the work on the road, and I have
nothing to do with making or rescinding ol
contracts, and my opinion ls not asked.
THOS. B. Ly.y, Jr.,
Principal Assistant Engineer
Blue Ridge Railroad Company.
Walhalla, 3. C., November 18,1871.
A BARD WINTER.
SALT LA.EE, November 22.
The trains are twenty-lour hours behind on
account of snow, which ls three and four feet
deep. There ls every indication of a severe
winter.
OMAHA, November 22.
For several days there has been a storm
along the entire Pacific Road. It has sub
Bided, and the trains are cu lime.
TBE SPANISH EMBROGLIO.
ST. THOMAS, November 16, VIA HAVANA.
The captain ot' the steamer Florida, now in
this port, called upon the American consul and
demanded protection, stating that he was
ready to proceed to sea, but was afraid on
account of Spanish war steamers.
TBE CIVIL WAR IN MEXICO.
NEW YORK, November 22.
A Herald special dated Mexico, November
ll, says that General Dias ils fortifying Oaxa
ca3 and arming the State troops. He refuses
to publish the election of Juarez. His formal
revolt is momentarily expected. Durango is
besieged bv iherc-bels. The siege of Saltillo
continues." The government troops have
gained a victory over the Trevlnas cavalry.
MATAMORAS, November 20.
General Rocha, with a strong force of gov?
ernment troops, ls marching to relieve Saltil?
lo. General Querroga, the late celebrated
Imperialist chief, has Joined the rebels, and
commands on the lower Rio Grande. It is
rumored that Cortinas bas pronounced in favor
ot the rebels.
THE GRAND D?KE ON DUTY.
HOW HE CAME ly SIGHT OF SAA'DT
HOOK.
Waiting for the Muscovite -A Lucky
Saturday Night-The Biography of
the Favorite of Fortune.
The New York World gives the following
account of the first glimpse obtained of the
Russian Prince on lils arrival off Sandy Hook:
On Saturday afternoon, toward dusk, there
was the usual sped ral train of lightermen and
pilot-boats wending their way around the
.?Hook." through the Narrows, and up the
still waters of the bay to the shores of Man?
hattan Island, there to He at rest until the be-1
ginning ot the next working day should call
them Into service'agaln. As one pl gc on some?
times deserts the whole flock and turns back
on a solitary flight, some presentiment caused
one ot these sea ushers to leave the
train and spread her great white wings for a
lonely sall down tne Atlantic coast. The last
feeble raye of the setting sun were skimming
over the crested waves of the ocean, and the
canvas of the pilot-boat Jane was clothed with
a kind of purplish hue. causing her to appear j
like some great spirit moving over the waters.
Farther down the coast a huge black ship
with a white belt running around her hull just
above the water-mark, and the mouths of nu
merous black'cannon opening at her port
holes, was steaming along on her journey, to?
wards the western metroplls. The keen eye
of the captain ot the pilot-boat sighted her,
and lt was not long before he had borne down
on her port-side and Indicated a willingness
to convey her Into harbor. The black ship
gave the welcome signal, and soon the winged
craft was running alongside the swarthy
stranger.
"Ship ahoy shouted Captain Hopkins, or
the pilot boat. "Is that the Svetlana
"Yes. slr," replied a very tall young man,
the officer of the watch, who had advanced to
the eud of the bridge, and whose figure looked
like that of a giant against the dimly lighted
horizon. The black leviathan, which was no
other than the admiral's flag-ship of the Rus?
sian squadron, immediately shut off steam, a J
boat was lowered from the pilot, and Captain
Hopkins went aboard to take the wheel. The
Svetlana was then fifty miles to the southward
of Sandy Hook. A few hours later and she was
anchored outside the bar, where she remained
for the night. The pilot-captain having brought
the man-of-war in safety to the harbor en?
trance, lett his post at the wheel, and sought
to make himself agreeable to the officers and
crew. After looking about In valu to find a
yoting man whose abundance ot gold-lace J
miu'ht indicate to this son ot the Republic that
he had discerned the Grand Duke Alexis, the
captain of the pilot boat whispered to a mid?
shipman and asked how he would be able to
catch a glimpse of his Imperial Highness.
"Do you see that young lieutenant standing
there, playing with the handle ct' his dirk
asked the midshipman.
"That tall young fellow there with a blue
coat and gold buttons Of course I do. But
that ain't the Grand Duke; he's the officer that
was on watch when I boarded you. He's a
gook-looklng fellow, and was very civil to me,
but he ain't the Grand Duke Alexis, the son ot
the Czar, that they've b:>en iSBrhg so much
?uss about."
"Certainly he is," said th? midshipman,
"he ls a lieutenant under the admiral, and he
happened to have the watch when you spoke
us tc-nlght."
the news astonished the simple-minded
pilot, who had expected to eee the Grand
Duke Hipear in gorgeous attire, surrounded
by a body-guard.
Night closed in and the Svetlana reated UH
morning, lying on the surface of the dark
water, while her men enjoyed a peaceful rest
within easy range of the American shore.
The following account of the young pr?fte
will be found Interesting
Alexis, the Russian Grand Duke, is the
fourth boru, but third surviving son of the
present SUMIAB Emparor, and ls in his twen?
ty-second year. The Imperial family consists
now ot five sons and but one daughter, lt is
descended from Michael Romanoff, elected
Czar in 1613, In the female line; and In the
male linc from Duke Karl Frederick of Hol?
stein-Go^orp, who married Anne, daughter
ot Peter I. Peter was succeeded by his sec?
ond wife, Catherine, the daughter of a Livo
nlan peasant, and her successor was
Peter II, grandson ot the elder brother
of Peter L with whom the malo line ot]
the Romanoffs terminated in the year 1730.
The next three sovereigns, Anne, Ivan IHJand
Elizabeth, of the female Hue pf Romanoff,
formed a transition from the native lo Ger?
man rulers of the Empire, whose reign com?
menced with the accession of Peter III, of the
bouse of Holsteln-Gottorp. It will thus be
seen that lt Is a gross mistake to speak of tho
[?resent dynasty of Russia as the Romanoff; it
B in fact that of the Holstein-Goitorp, the
former dynasty having terminated, both in
the male aad fem ile line, on the accession of
the sovereign last named, in 1762. All the
subsequent Emperors allied themselves with
German families, thus causing the house grad?
ually to become completely Teutonic in blood
as well as in origin. The title of emperor
was first adopted in the year i72l by Peter the
First, better known as Peter the Great,
Our visitor was created colonel of the Ekath
erlnenbourg regiment of Infanlry at his birth
by the Emperor Nicholas, who died on March
2,1855, when the present Emperor succeeded
him. Alexis, six years old. was present at the
coronation of his father. The youth lu! prince
was educated at St. Petersburg by Madame de
Bernard, a French lady, and Fraulein Jullth
shof, daughter of a Courland nobleman; after?
wards by Professors Turganoff and Von
Stein. He became a fine scholar and
linguist. He was taught English by a Scotch
gentleman Damed Cordon. At the age of
twelve he accompanied his uncle, the Grand
Duke Constantine, Grand Admiral of the
Russian navy, ou a voyage of Inspec?
tion to Syeaborg, a strong fortress In the
Gulf of Finland, during-which be had to ex?
perience the dangers of a terrific rtorm of
several hours' duration. The turbulent waves
appeared to fascinate him, for no amount of I
persuasion was lound able to induce him to re?
tire to his stateroom. He preferred remaining
on deck, watching the grand sight before him,
and there he stuck till the storm had abated.
The life of a sailor had become so attractive
to him, that, on returning to St. Petersburg,
be anxiously besought his father to permit his
entering the naval sm vice. His request, after
some delay, was acceded to, and in the capa?
city of a subordinate officer of the navy, be
now visits America.
The Latest.
WASHINGTON', November 22.
Alexis and his suite arrived here this eve?
ning from New York. They travelled by a
special train of four cars-one baggage, two
parlors, and one hotel car, all gotten up in the
most gorgeous and expensive style. The train
was specially built, and left New York at noon,
moving at the rate of thirty miles an hour.
While lu New York, Fisk presented Alexis
with the freedom ol all he owned ou the Amer?
ican Continent. A grand ball takes place on
Wednesday, the 29th Instant,
MODERN PARAGRAPHING.-Some genius has
Invented the following manner of slating a
fatal occurrence. It is a delicate way of put?
ting lt, and reads much better than to say,
"He died In the most horrible agonies.'' We
get the whole story, and our sensibilities are
not unnecessarily shocked: "A man in New
Hampshire the other day ate fifteen dozen raw
oysters on a wager. The sliver trimmings
alone on his coffin cost twelve dollars and
thirty-five cent?.John Smith, lu Nebraska,
said be could handle a rattlesnake the same as
a snake-charmer. The churlishness of the un?
dertaker In demanding pay In advance, delayed
the funeral lour day*.A circus rider in
Texas tried to turu three summersaults on
horseback the other day. The manager sent
back to New Orleans the following day for an?
other summersault man.A man In New
Jersey couldn't walt lor the curs to reach the
depot, and jumped off. His widow has Bued
the Insurance company.Few men would
attempt to dry gunpower in the kitchen stove.
A man in Canada did. His afflicted family
would be glad ol any Information as to his
whereabouts.In Massachusetts, the
other day, a mau thought he could cross the
track In advance ol'a locomotive. The services
at the j-rave were very Impressive.A
man warned his wife In New Orleans not to
light a fire willi kerosene. Her clothes fit his
second wile remarkably weli.A boy In
Detroit disregarded his mother's warning not
to skate on the river as the ice was thin. His
mother don't have to cook for so many as she
did by one."
THE KU-KLUX PRISONERS.
A Hearing Before the Commissioner.
[From the ?olumbta Union
Daniel Black, of Union County, charged with
conspiracy and murder, had a hearing on Tues?
day before United States Commissioner Boo?
zer, J. H. Rnnkle, Esq.. ap. earing lor the de?
fence, and H. G. Worthington, Esq.. for the
prosecution.
But two witnesses were examined, and upon
their testimony the prisoner was remanded to
await the action ot the grand j orv of the Uni?
ted States Circuit Court, Which meets in this
city next week.
the killing of the prisoners near the Union
County Jail last January was admitted by the
defence.
Hattie Wright, wife of Sylvanus Wright,
who was one of those murdered, testified that,
on the first taking out, her husband was shot
several times by disguised men; that, on the
next morning after the shooting, she found
him in a corn crib thus wounded, and after?
ward visited him several times In the Jail, and
(hat he bad frequently told her he was confi?
dent they would come back and take him out
.ind shoot him again. That he told her Daniel
Black, who she identified as the prisoner, was
the man who gave him the shot in the lungs,
but that he could not recognize any others of
the gang with bim. That he told her on the
same Sunday night that he was taken out the
second time and killed; that Daniel Black had
shot him, and be knew he wonld be killed If
be remained In the Jail. The witness pointed
to Daniel Black, saying, "That's him."
The other witness was Albert Wright, a bro?
ther ol fhe^murdered man. This witness testi?
fied to seeing Sylvanns In the corn crib the
next morning alter he was takeu out and shot
the first lime. That he had helped the victim
out of the pen, he saying at the time Daniel
Black had shot him, and mentioning others
who were engaged tn the shooting. Tbe coun?
sel for defence objected to the admission of the
testimony given by the wounded man to his
wife, it not heinz clearly proven thal the con?
dition ot the man was such as to make such
admissible as dying declarations.
Mr. Worthington argued the case, referring
to authorities io sustain his position, to shaw
that mental condition at the time of such
statement* was the only legal requisite for ad?
missibility. The commissioner left the ques?
tion open, and remanded the prisoner.
Frank Gregory, another ot the mme party
was arraigned, but owing lo the parties not
being in readiness the case was postponed.
Ramon from York.
[From the Columbia Union.]
Passengers down from York state that in
the Investigations which have been going on
there, evidence was obtained against J. R.
Tomlioson, a druggist, wbo, lt will be remem?
bered, was one of the witnesses belore the
Ku-Klux committee, and exceedingly reticent,
at that, and that an attempt was made to ef?
fect his arrest the other night. Tomllns?n,
however, mounted his hor?e, and was closely
pursued, when he rolled off lils horse and took
to the woods. Several shots were fired after
him without effect, and he escaped.
The testimony taken at Torkvllle, lt is
staled, makes General J. W. Avery, who is
now reported to be ia Canada, accessory to
many diabolical murders.
A PLAY BEHIND THE SCENES.
[From the New York Stockholder.]
Under tbe head of South Carolina Bonds, the
Stockholder says:
The latest developments on ihe Stock Ex?
change Indicate what from the first we saw
no reason to doubt was the case lo respect to
the "raid on South Carolinas.'*' It ls general?
ly conceded to be a movement by local specu?
lators, of course with some assistance lrom
Wall street confederates, to break down the
market so that bonds could be bought at lower
figures, and profits be made by the rise. This
process bas been repeatedly worked in Ten?
nessees. We are convinced, hr.-ever, that
no connection with this sort of b:.dk-Jobbing
caa b?imputed to the agency here, .The man?
agement of the Slate's nuances ls free from
this scandal.
COLLAPSE OF A SOUTH CAROLINA
BONDHOLDER,
NEW YORE, November 22.
Richard Deprlestor was lound laying dead on
Broadway. Eleven thousand dollars were
found on his person, and ten thousand In South
Carolina bonds.
IEE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
ROME, November 22.
A consistory will be held on Friday, when
the Pope will pronounce an allocution, where?
in be will declare the course he Is determined
lo pursue. The Italian Parliament will soon
open Its session.
PESTH, November 22.
Francis Deak is dangerously 111.
LONDON, November 22.
Magistrates have refused ball to John Grlb
bel, secretary of the total abstinence society,
who publicly accused tbe Queen ot Intoxica?
tion.
MADRID. November 22.
Il ls understood that atter the municipal
elections Topete and Sagos ta will enter tho
Spanish cabinet.
LONDON, November 22.
Marine disasters are .reported from all
quarter?. The Egrla was wrecked off the
Irish coast; five were drowned.
The Taylor crew beat Benforth's three
lengths for the Tyne championship.
SPARKS FRO31 THE WIRES.
-The small-pox ls raging in Trinidad, West
Indies.
-Henry G. Stebbins accepted commls
sionershlp ol public parks of New York City.
-Dion beat Miller the second game In the
billiard match at New Orleans.
-Dunn, the colored Lleutenant-Governor
of Louslana, ls dead. Cause, congestion of
the brain.
-The metal in Utah, supposed to be tin,
ls now stated to be cadmium, a metal related
to zinc. The statement creates greal excite?
ment.
-The election at Washington passed off
quietly. The $4,000,000 loan was carried by a
large majority.
-The Georgia Legislature has passed a bill
ordering the gubernatorial election over the
Governor's veto.
THE If EATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON, November 22.
The barometer will probably rise on Thurs?
day on the lakes and In New England, with
cold westerly winds and cloudy weather; tall
In the Southern and Gulf States, with south?
westerly winds and rising temperature.
Cloudy weather will prevail in the Rocky
Mountains, extending, with falling barometer
and rising temperature, into the Mississippi
Valley. Dangerous winds are not anticipated
for our coasts this evening.
Yesterday's Weather Reports of the
Signal Service, S. A.-4.47 P. Bi.,
Local Time.
Place of
Observation.
Augusta, Ga...
Ba.-:m te.
Bonum.
Charleston.
Chicago.
Cinclnuatl.
Calveston.
Key West. Fia.,
Knoxville, Tenn
Memphis. Tenn
Mt. Washington
New oneans...
New York.,
Nirfolk.
Philadelphia....
Portland, Me...
Savannah
sr.. Louis.
Wa-hlngton.D C
wiiminctnn.N o i
cs a s
P i Si
S. B
29.91
29.77
29.66
U9.8
30.02
29.67
30.02
29.94
;9.*9
29.98
29 36
29.98
29.87
29.76
29.76
29.49
29.91
30.0o
29.76
351W
42 W
481W
65 SW
17?NW
34, SW
67:3
7?|NW
44 W
50 NW
l??NW
58lNB
41 W
49 Calm
39: W
38 SW
55 SW
28; NW
40, NW
JO SW
NOTE.-The weather recort dated 7.47o'cioctt,
this morning, will be posted in the rooms of the
Chamber or commerce at 10 o'clock A. M., and,
together with the weather chart, may (by the
courtesy or the chamber) be examined by ship?
masters at any time during the day.
THE CONVERSION BOSDS.
ANOTHER REPORT OF A FRA UDULENT
IS8VE
How lt wag Managed-A Fair Cate for
the Court?-Probe it to the Qaiok.
An anonymous correspondent, for the cor?
rectness of whose statements we do not pre?
tend to vouch, sends THE NEWS some inter?
esting points touching the alleged over-issue
of the so-called conversion bond?. The cor?
respondent says:
"The article copied by you (rom the Colum?
bia Phoenix on Wednesday morning ls correct
as far as lt goes In Ita details ol tbe conversion
bond frauds. But the amount of converted
bonds said to be Issued is, however, under?
stated. The plunderers at first thought of Is?
suing bonds enough for their purposes under
the act for the relief of th? treasury and the
ac; for the payment of interest, but the Bing
were assured that it would be better to use
conversion bonds, as lt was understood by in?
vestors that these did not increase the debt of
the State.
"The Bing have admitted to Mr. Smalley, ol
the Tribune, that the State bonded debt now
amounts to $15,805,000. The whole of the
increase (over $7,865,785, the amount of the
debt reported by the Taxpayers' Conven?
tion, less two millions und^rTne relief act and
TtffiWrest act above mentioned, issued at
that time but since replaced by conversion
bonds) ls in conversion bonds, which the pi?
rates own that they have issued to the amount
ol $8,000,000.
"To quote from the writer In the Phoenix:
'By reierrlng to Section 7 of Article 9 of
the constitution, lt will be seen that this at?
tempted increase of the debt ls unconstitu?
tional and void. That section reads as fol?
lows:
'SECTION 7. For the purpose of deiraylng
extraordinary expenditures, the State may
contract public debts; but such debts shall be
authorized by law for some single object, to
be distinctly specified therein, and no such
law shall take effect until lt sb*!! have been
Eassed by the vote ot two-thirds of the mero
ers of each branch ot the General Assembly,
to be recorded by yeas and nays on the Jour?
nals of each house respectively, and every
such law shall levy a tax annually, sufficient
to pay the Interest of such debt.'
'The act ot March 23, 1869, does not fulfil
these provisions ot the constitution. The
bonds Issued under it, over and above the
amount legitimately used in the conversion of
securities, are, therefore, so much waste
paper. These are the bonds now selling at
twenty-nine.'
"Bight here may a case be made. Some
owners of Slate stock did exchange stock for
bonds. By this fraudulent sale of conversion
bonds the legitimate bonds received la ex?
change for stock have been depreciated from
eighty to twenty-six and a half, with the pros?
pect of entire repudiation. Here is an evi?
dent wrong done to such a legitimate holder,
for which there must be a remedy either In
law or equity. If the holder of such legit?male
bonds ls a citizen of another State, could not
a suit be brought by him In the United States
Court to restrain the Governor, treasurer and
comptroller from recognizing the fraudulent
bonds as a part of the State debt
"It would.probably be useless to appeal to
the State Courts. Such a Snpreme Court as
we have would do but Utile to aid the tax?
payers in maintaining their rights."
THE SOUTH CAROLINA DEBT.
General Wade Hampton to Inspect the
Financial Agent'* Account*.
[Dispatch to the New York Sun.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., November 19.
Mr. H. H. Klmpton, the New York financial
agent oi this State, arrived bere to-day for tbe
purpose of submitting his official acts to a
rigid examination. He denies the charge that
he has been guilty ot malfeasance In office, and
says that the accusations of certain newepa
Ee.*s in New Tork tbat the South Carolina debt
as been Iraudulently Increased by him are
false. He says that the total Indebtedness ot
the SUte will not exceed $12,000,000. He
proposes to bav? his accounts examined by a
committee ol citizens and taxpayers. Generals
Wade Hampton, M. C. Butler, M. W. Gary and
Judge Porter, of Charleston, will be Invited
to assist in the in ves! i gat lons. Ki mp ton ls
very bluer against the State officials, whom
he accuses of extravagance and maladminis?
tration ol the State finances. He says that
owing to this he was obliged to make ruinous
terms with money-lenders to raise money, and
had to hypothecate bonds without warrant of
law for the purpose. This, however, he
claims ts a matter for the officials to settle
with the taxpayers. He was merely the agent
to do as he was told. All that he seeks ls a
vindication of bis own acts, and not those of
bis employers.
.1 SOLAR EXPLOSION.
Wonderfal Appearance of a Hydrogen
Cloud.
On the 7th of last September Professor Young,
of Dartmouth College, was examining, by
means ot bis spectroscope, an enormous name
or hydrogen cloud on the eastern border of the
sun; lt was formed ot nearly horizontal fila?
ments, with Its lower surface 15,000 miles
above the visible border of tbe sun, to which it
was connected by three or four bright verti?
cal columns. The length of this cloud was
100,000 miles, and its vertical thickness 54,000
miles. It had presented this lorm and these
dimensions at the noon of the preceding day;
he lett the telescope at 12 30 P. M., and
on returning In less than half an hour be
was surprised to find that during that in?
terval "the whole thins had been literally
blown to shreds by some inconceivable uprush
from beneath." In place, he says, of the quiet
cloud I had left, the air, if I may use the ex?
pression, was filled with flying debris-a mass
of detached, vertical fusiform filaments.
When I first looked, some of them had already
reached a height of nearly one hundred thou?
sand miles, and while I watched them they
rose with a motion almost Imperceptible to the
eye, until in ten minutes the|uppermost were
more than two hundred thousand miles above
the solar surface. As the filaments rose they
gradually laded away like a dissolving cloud,
and at 1.15 P. M. only a few filmy wisps, with
some lighter streamers, low down near the
chromosphere, remained to mark the place.
But In the meanwhile the Utile" thunderhead,"
bel?re alluded to, had grown and developed
wonderfully Into a mass ol rolling and ever
cbanging flame, to speak according to ap?
pearance. First, lt was crowded down, as lt
were, along the solar surface; later lt rose al?
most pyramidally 50,000 miles In height; then
its summit was drawn out lulo long filaments
and threads which were most curiously rolled
backwards and downwards, like the volutes
of an louie capital, and finally it faded away,
and by 2.30 P. M. had vanished like the other.
Whether the fine aurora
borealls which succeeded in the evening was
really the earth's response (be refers to the
supposed physical connection between the dis?
turbance of the earth's magnetism and changes
in the atmosphere of the sun,) to this magnifi?
cent outburst of the sun is perhaps uncertain,
but the coincidence ls at least suggestive, and
may easily become something more, if, as I
somewhat confidently expect to learn, the
Greenwich magnetic record indicates a disturb?
ance precisely simultaneous with the solar
explosion.
-Every cat in Paris is lo be taxed at the rate
of about a dollar and a quarter per annum.
-The iailure of comic papers in tbe United
States bas puzzled many great minds. The
real cause ol their failure lies in the fact that
Hone of them ever employed a surgeon.
Italics and parentheses are valuable assist?
ants, but a surgeon is Indispensable where
Jokes are expected to nourish.
i?larrie?.
RICH-RICH.-At Oranireburg, s. c.. Novemoer
13.1871, by Rev. J. H. ti. Cfcumacelro, PHILIP Rica
to JENNIE, daughter cf M. liten. Esq of Orange
burg, e. 0.
LANCASTER RICHARDS.-On Monday, the
20th instant, by the Rev. Wm B. Tates, ac his
residence. HARRT LANCASTER, of Enter'rise,
Wadmalaw Island, S. C., to GEORGIE RICHARDS,
of Darlen, Conn.
irtmeral LVotices.
pm* THE^FfiJENDS ^WACQUAINT
ANCES of Mr. JOHN RUSSELL are respectfully
Invited to attend his Funeral Services, st Crace
Church, THIS MORNING, at io o'clock. nov23
Special Notices
THAI?KSG?VIW^?RVICES, -IN
accordance with the Mayor's Proclamation, the
Methodists of the city will have a Union Service
in Bethel cnurch, THIS DAT. at ll o'cldtk. Rev.
J. T. WIGHTMAN will preach. AU Methodists,
and the public generally, Invited. nov23-*
CENTRAL C HU RC H.-THERE
will be no Service in this Church, THU MORNING,
on account of the absence of the Pastor. Service
may be expected on the following SUNDAY MORN?
ING. nov23-l*
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH -THIS
Church will ba opened for Divine Service To-Moa
ROW MORNING, Thanksgiving Day. at hilf-paat io
o'clock-Service by the.Rev. L. H. SHUCK, Pastor,
notts
pm* WENTWORTH STREET LOTHE
RAN OHUCH.-In accordance with.the Proclama
Mon of his Honor the Mayor, a Thanksgiving Ser?
vice will be held In the above Church TB? MORN?
ING, at half-past io o'clock._nov23
CITADEL SQUARE BAPTIST
CHURCH.-There will be no Service m this
Church tbls morning In consequence of the
absence of the Pastor attending the Meeting of]
the Convention. There will be Service in the
Lecture Rc om To NIGHT, at 7 o'clock, to be con?
ducted by the Rev. Mr. HART.
The Congregation are respectfully invited to at?
tend Service THIS MORNING, at the First Baptist
Church, Church stree:. nov23
ST. PHILIPS CHURCH.-THURS
DAT, the 231 Instant, havlog been appoioted a
Day of Thansglvlng and Prayer by the city au?
thorities, this Church will be open for Divine Ser?
vice at li o'clock A. M. nov22-2
pm*DR. M. S. H ANCKEL,
DENTIST,
Has returned to the city. Office No. 240 Ring
street, two doors below Beaufaln street.
nov23-thfm3
pm*TEE SOUTHERN AND ATLANTIC
TELEGRAPH COMPANY'S LINE Is comple-ed to
Macon, Go., and Messages will now be received
for that rolnc at 6) cent* for ten words, and
cents for each additional word.
A. J. BALDWIN,
nov23-l General superintendent.
pm* PUBLIC MARKETS, NOVEMBER
22, 1871.-To-Moraow having been Bet spar; as a
DAY OF THANKSGIVING ANO PRAYER, the
Markets will be closed TO-MOBROW MORNING, at
9 o'clock. WILLIAM KIRKWOOD,
DOV22-2_Chief Clerk.
PEOPLE'S BANK OF* "SOUTH
CAROLINA, CHARLESTON, NOVEMBER 21,1871.
Tnr USD AV next having been Bet apart by the City
authorities as a Day of Tain ka giving, thia Back
will be closed on tbat <u?._- _
nom_JAMES B. BETTS, Cashier.
^OFFICE OF THE SAVANNAH AND
CHARLESTON RAILROAD, CHARLESTON, KL C.,
NOVEMBER 17, 1S71.-Excursion Tickets will be
sold over thu Road for Ave days, commencing
SUNDAY, November 19, to Savannah and return
for one Fare, to enable visitors to attend the Fair
of the Industrial As8oclat!on.
Tickets good till MONDAY, November 27,1871.
C. S. GADSDEN,
Engineer and Superintendent.
S. C. BOYLSTON, 0. F. anti T. Agent
D0V18-5 _
pm* NOTICE.-ALL PERSONS HAV?
ING demands against the Estate of the late Mr.
CHARLES H. K?NIG, otherwise called KING, of
Charleston, deceased, will present attested state?
ments or the same to Messrs. SIMONS A SIMONS,
Attorneys at Law, No. 77 Broad street, Charles?
ton, S. C., and all persons Indebted thereto will
make payment to them or the undersigned.
W. A. MERTENS,
nov7-tstb6 Administratrix.
pm* THE LaST CHANCE TO GET
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS. The
sale of Tickets tn the Louisville Girt Lottery will
positively close on the 1st Instant.
Toe Drawing will take place on the 16th Decem?
ber without fall. Send your orders for Tickets
to EDWARD PERRY,
_ No. 149 Meeting street,}
novl7-fmw4_Opposite Charleston Hotel.
m* UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-By an order of the Honorable GEO. S
BRYAN, United States District Judge, the Session
or the District Court and the hearing or all peti?
tions and motions in Bankruptcy, or in the gen?
eral business of the District Court ls further post?
poned until the 20th or November last.
nov!_DANL. HORLBECK, Clerk.
^3t~BATCHELOB'S HAIR DYE.-THIS
SUPERB HAIR DYE ls the best in the world-per?
fectly harmless, reliable and Instantaneous. No
disappointment. No ridiculous tints or unpleas?
ant odor. Tde genuine W. A. BATCHELORS HAIR
DYE produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black
or Natural Brown. Does not atalu the ?kin, but
leaves tue hair clean, soft and beautiful. The
.my Safo and Perfect Dye. Sold by all Drug?
gists. Factory No. 16 Boud street, New York,
lanaa-mwfiyr_
sT- CLEAR AND HARMLESS AS WA
TER-NATT ANS'S CRYSTAL DISCOVERY FOR
TUE HAIR.-A perfectly clear preparation in ooe
bottle, as easily applied as water, for restoring to
gray hair its natural color and youth'ul appear?
ance, to eradicate and prevent dandruff, to pro?
mote the growth of the hair and atop Its falling
ont. It ls entirely harmless, and perfectly free
from any poisonous substance, and will therefore
'take the place of all the dirty and unpleasant
preparations now In use. Numerous testimonia s
have been sent us from many of our moat promi?
nent c.ttzens, aome of which are sut joined. In
everything in which the articles now In use are
objectionable, CRYSTAL DISCOVERY ls perfect.
It ls warranted to contain neither Sugar of Lead,
Snlphur or Nitrate of Silver, lt does not soil f e
clothes or scalp, ls agreeably perfumed, and
makes one of the b st dressings for the Hair In
use. It restores the color or the Hair "more per?
fect and uniformly than any other preparation,''
and always does so in from v.ree to ten days,
virtually feeding the rjots of the Hair with all
the nourishing qualities necessary to Its g-owth
and healthy condition; lt restores the decayed
and Induces a new growth or the Hair mere poal
tlrely than anything else. The application of
this won lerful discovery also produces a pleasant
and cooling effect on the scalp and gives the Hair
a pleasing and elegant appearance.
We call especial attention to the fact that a
limited number of trial bottlea will be given &way
gratuitously to those wishing to try lt. You will
tice that in pursuing this course our aim ls to
convince by the actual merits of the article.
ARTHUR NATTANS,
Inventor and Proprietor, Washington, D. C.
For sale by the Agent, DR. H. BAER,
Ko. 131 Meeting street, Charleston, S. C.
novis-stuthly
Special Notice?.
pm* CITY HALL, OFFIC? CLERK OF
COUNCIL, CHARLESTON, S. C.. NOVEMBER
23, 1871.-Bj Proclamation of His Honor, the
Mayor, THIS DAT belog a Day of general Thanks?
giving, the City Offices will be closed.
W. W. SIMON'S,
nov23-l Clerk or Coo nell.
pm* THE BALLOTING FOB THE
Firemen's and Military PRIZES will take place on
FRIDAY EVENING. November 24.1871.
J. T. TEL FAIR, Chairman Committee.
nov23-l*
pm*OARD OF THANKS. -THE ?NDEB
siGNED, in benair of the Steam Fire Engines and
Truck Companies, return their kind thanks to the
proprietors of the Charleston Cornier and DAILY
Ns wa for their gratuitous publications of the late
reception or the Delaware Firemen, to the Officers
or the Northeastern Railroad for free transporta?
tion of the Committee on their Road, and to the
citizens generally for their liberal contributions.
M. H. NATHAN. 1
nov23-l F. L. O'Nf.ILL, J
pm* OFFICE COMMISSIONERS OF
ELECTION, CHARLESTON COUNT T, CHARLES?
TON, S.O., NOVEMBER 20, 1871.-For the pur?
pose of condnctlng the Election to be held on
MONDAY, the 27th day of November, 1871, to elect
a Member or the House of Representatives for the
Election District of Charleston County, tbe Com?
missioners of Election have appointed the follow?
ing named persons Managers of Election, and
have designated the places hereinafter mentioned
as Polling Precincts.
AU persons herein appointed Managers are re?
quested to meet at the Courthouse on THURSDAY,
23d instant, for the purpose of qualifying as such,
and of receiving the necessary instructions.
E. w. M. MACKEY, Chairman.
R. BRUNS,
W. H. BERNEY.
CITY OF CHARLESTON.
WABBI.
City Hall-J. J. Young, Vf. M. Sage, John An?
crum.
WARD 2.
Courthouse-S. W. Ramsay, Robt. Fletcher, j.
H. Brawley.
WA ED 3.
Market Hall-M. J. almonds,-Kennedy, Jno.
Morant.
E ngine-House in Inspection street-C. B. Grant,
J. B. Plum mean, Thoa. Aiken.
Wini
Hope Englne-Honse-las. Brennan, O. L. Pratt,
Charles Simons.
Stonewall Engine-House-A. A. Goldsmith, J.
D. Robinson, S. G. Russel'.
WARD 8.
Eagle Englne-Honse-Jas. A. D?rrns, w. F. Bar?
nett, W. A. Grant.
Wann 8.
Washington Engine House-Jno. Gonzales, J. D.
Price, R. Forrest.
Marlon Englne-Honse-Edwd. walterson, Jj.
Gibbes, Reeves Gibbes,
WAHD 7.
Columbus street-J. A. Gregg, J. B. Mushing
ton, -Douglass.
WARD 8.
Sires street-J. M. F. Dareef, J. E. Bowen, P. lt
Gregor!*.
CHRIST CHURCH.
Mount Pleasant-C. F. North, Wm. Murrell, T.
D. Jervey.
Fifteen-Mile House-John Miller, Frank Ladson,
Jno. Lawrence. _
ST; JAMES S ANTEC-:
Thirty-two-Miie House-J. R. German, W. Q.
Pinckney, W. E. Fripp.
ST. JAMES GOOSE CREEK.
Eight-Mile Pomp-Toney Gibbes, A. P. Ford, H.
C. Inwood.
Whaley's Church-Frank Barnwell, Warren
Campbell.
Summerville-Geo. Lee, Dan. Walker.
Wassamasaw-W. H. Harrison, Mack wil?
liam?.
Hickory Bend-A. Joyner, Henry Edwards,
Abram Smalls.
ST. JOHN'S BERKELEY.
Black Oak-Morton N. Waring, Edwd. Mickey,
Nero Smalls.
Biggin Church-Jas. W. Cannon, R. Selby, E. C.
Bunch.
Strawberry Ferry-wallam Harleston, A. C.
Richmond, Richard Harleston.
ST. STEPHEN'S.
Master Hoase-W. R. Jervay, S. D. Russell, J.
C. Tingman.
ST. TBOMAS AND ST. DENNIS.
Brick Church-Aaron Logan, G. H. Allen, J. K.
Brown.
ST. ANDREW'S.
KAIN LAND.
Brick Church-K. B. Moultrie, B. H. Hoyt, R.
W. Win lams.
Lambs' Farm-L. I. Taylor, Richard Legare.
JAKES ISLAND.
Cross Roads-Wm'. Glover, M. F. Becker, W. W.
Lawton.
ST. JOHNS' C0LLETON.
SDI8T0 ISLAND.
Wright's Store-W. F. Dover, Jas. Hutchinson
Calvary Church-Jonas Grant, Dennis Gibbes.
WADVALAW ISLAND.
Enterprise Landing-Edward Petty, John Jen?
kins.
JOHN'S ISLAND.
Brick Church-Wm. Wright, J. J. Rivers, Sam
Johnson. nov22-e
pm* THE CHARLESTON CHARITA?
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFICIAL RAFFLEB
NUMBERS.
CLASS Na 211-MORNING.
70-59-73-40-71-36-32-66- 6-25-64-3?
CLASS No. 212-EVENING.
39-26 -25 -51-72-50-18-27-74 -42-!6 -62
As witness our hand at Charleston this 22d day
or November, 1871. FENN PECK,.
JAMES GILLI LAND,
oct3 Sworn Commissioners.
^.OFFICE OF COUNTY TREASURER,
FIRE-PROOF BUILDING, CHABLESTON, S. a,
NOVEMBER JTH, 1871.-The Books of the Treasu?
rer or Charleston County will be opened on the
20th day of November, 1871, for the receipt or
TAXES due the State and County for the year
1871.
The penalty of twenty per cent provided by
aw will be added to all Taxes remaining unpaid
on the ISth day of January, 1872.
The rate of taxation for the year 1871 is as fol
lows. viz:
State Tax per centum.7 mills.
County Tax per centnm.8 mills.
Poll Tax per capita.$ 100
WM. GURNEY,
novs-imo Treasurer Charleston County.
pm* O N MARRIAGE.
Happy reUef for Young Men from the effecta
of Errors and Abuses in early ure. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility cureJ. Impedimenta
to Marriage removed. New method of treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Book?
and circulars sent free, In sealed envelopes. Ad?
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South.
Ninth Btreet, Philadelphia Pa octl2
p B E GYPSUM
Containing NINETY-NINE AND TWO-THIRDS
(99H) PER CENT. Soluble Matter. Warranted fco
from all Impurities. Prepared in .his ..y.and
for cale at the low price ot FI Fr h. ?.DOLLARS
per ton, CASH. JOHN U. HOLMES,
Commlsslen Merchant,
novl7-f Charleston, 8.6.