AMUSEMENTS.
SSEMBLY HA__7~
OBAND OPERATIC AND BALLAD
CONCERT.
ONE NIGHT ONLY.
A Ortuiel Concert will be (riven on
MONDAY EVENING, Ni.vbmbeb 27tu, ur
Ma-ame ISABEL McOULLOCH,
the well-known prima donna from the Now York
Academy of Music, assisted by the
'following artists
Senor L. MACCEFERRI, tho Eminent Tenor.
Siffnor PACINI, Baritone, from the New York
Academy of Music;
Mr. S. D'ANNA, the eminent Pianist, recently
from Europe.
Admission 74c. Reserved seals, tl.
Tickets can lie procured at West Johnston's
bookstore. no _:t—-It
SHIPPING
-|70R. _W YORK. A'4'itffK I
THE OLD DOMINION STEAMSHffMWSI*"
PANY'S elegant side-wheel sleairtshlji YVYA-
NOKE, Captain Court?, will sail on TOES- i
DAY, November 2", at s o'clock P. M.
Freight received until 2 P. M.
Through bills of lading signed, and goods for- I
warded with dispatch to all point*—north, south,
east and west. Close connectinns made with On-
nard line for foreign jxirta.
Passenger ae'commodaliiins unaarpcutacl. t
Faro *sl_ 00
Steerage 800
Round Trip Ticket* 2n 00
For freight or paaeage, apply to f
JOHN W. WYATT, Ageut,
no 27—2t No. a Governor street.
TfTtOR NEW ¥OR_ ecWPS%
The VIRGINIA STEAMSHIP and PAI ET
COMPANY'S elegant steamship GEORGE B.
UPTON, Captain Robekts, will leave her wharf
at Rockett* on TUESDAY, November 2S, at 4
P.M. t
Connecting with steamers for Hartford, Nor-
wich, Stoniiigton, Fall River and Boston from
same pier.
Freight received up to the hour of sailing. 1
Close connections and through bills of lading
given to all southern, eastern, and western
places; also, to Europe and Australia. l
Fare, tr.; meals and .state-rooms, uxtra. S
D. J. BURR, President,
1-214 Main street.
VVabhibhton St Co., agents, I'ier 12, North river,
N.w York. no 27—2t t
MEETINGS. 1
None i: Chesapeake ami Ohio llaili o:ul
CoMrANv, i:, Richmond, Va.,
November Sd, 1871. 0
The annual meeting of the Stockholders of the c;
t 'bcsajieake and Ohio Railroad Company will l.c
held in the city of Kichmond, on THURSDAY', j"
the "th of Dtcember, 1871.
The attention of tin- Stockholders is called to 1.
the following extract from the by-laws of the
Comjiany: J'
''All jiroxies to rc|ircsctitSl(ii'lilioliiers at a gen
eral meeting shall lie in writing, and signed by f<
the person thus transfering the jiower partner- Ji
ship* may sign in the name of jiartnersliijls, antl
ihe signature of either member of the firm shall
be valid. No proxy shall he valid given more tl
than sixty days jiritir to the meeting of the com-
pany.
"The books of transfer shall be closed fifl,-en
clays jirevious lo any general meeting;." h
no:;—td J. OARRETT, Cashier. v
AUCTION HOUSE.
HVIcl CMC Vlll h. H
NO. HU MAIN STREET c
RICHI.toNI). VA., 0
AUCTIONEER-COMMISSION MERCHANT, i
Keeps on hand, for sale in tin- trade or families 0
al jirivate sale, a large stock of
CROCKERY, GLASSWARE, I
FURNITURE, OI.OTH!*.'!!. J
DRY" OOODS, KOTIDNS, kc. t
All of which v.-iil In- sold a: auction prices
wholesale ami remil.
»VE*AUCTION SALES DAILY at lv A. M. and li
7 P. M. ,jy 27— I'm tl
SAVINGS BANK.
tSemovai. to m-:w ua-.iu-.ci rooms, a
NO. 10 NORTH TENTH STREET, I S
r
Between Main and Hank Street*. j h
NATIONAL FREEDMEN'S SAVINf-ls AMI i
TRUST COMPANY. tl
CHABTERED BY CONGRESS, MARCH, INK
DEPOSITS received and PAYMENTS made j '1
daily (excejiting holiday*) from i> A. M. to 4 P. a
M., and on Saturday Evening* from ii to-8 o'clock.
INTEREST at the rate of six iier cent jier au
iium declared and compoundad in March, Jul v and
November, on all sums of ITYE (Si DOLLARS
and upwards. I.'
Deposit* received of FIVE CENTS nnd up-
ward*. CHARLES SPENCER,
feb I—tl_ I'H-hiei. ll
BUaGXAK-PROOF SAFES. 1 1
HEKRI.NU _'pATE"nT" tl
h
OHAMP I O N c
FIRE AND BURGLAR-PROOF SAFES, IX.

(with dry ric.i.ix';,) _
Awarded the Prize Medals at World's Fair,
London, World's Fair, New York, J
Exposition Univeraelle, Paris.
FARREL, HERRING*~ CO.,
No. BU7 (formerly 02!)) Chestnut street, Philn.
HARVEY GILLAM, II
CHAS. MATTHEWS, Il
GEO. MYER.S, r
bO7 Chestnut Street, Phlla. c
HERRING, FARREL _ SHERMAN, N. Y.
HERRING _ CO., Chicago.
HERRING, FARREL CO., Nt".. Odi-ans.
c
V
The Mammoth Safe jmrchascd by lhe Fidelity
Safe Deposit Comjiany was made by
FARREL, HERRING -Co l
More than 30,tHW Herring's Safes have been
and are now in use, nnd over J*
SIX HUNDRED j y
have passed through accidental tires, jiri-serving
their contents iv some instances whe'i-e many
othera failed. g
Second-hand Safes, of our own and other
makes, having been received in pari pay for the
Improved Herring's Patent ejhamjiion, for sale x
at low prie-es. _ no UD—ly v
CONTRACTORS' TOOLS. c
HH. HARVIvV, I
AUGUSTA, M_**NE, j a
Manufacturer of all descriptions of j I
MIICBBS', COXTBACTOE*' ABU STtließ-CfTTKH»- S
HAMMERS AND TOOLS,
such as a
Bush, Hand, Hedge, Face and Pean Hammers, t
also, C
DRILLS, HALF-ROUNDS, WEDGES, He-., r
from the best brands of English Cast-Steel.
Repairing done on reasonable terms. Satisfae j
tion guaranteed.
All orders by mail or othorwlte promptly at-
tended to. t
*_*Send for Price List. Be 27— wjtin
rpHE SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION IIAF".
.L FLE for the Benefit of the Widows ami Or
pbana of the Southern states.
Dibtbibctiob No «62. EvE-eiKU, (Nov. 2.1.
bt 61 H ::-i in in _ lii M 7 10
DiaTKiiiUTioa No. tin.!. Mua.-eixu, T\.
id 07 ti 3u 44 42 suTr
Witness my hand, at Richmond, Va., this 2TtSi I
day of November, IS7I.
SIMMONS* CO., C.Q.TOMPKINS, I
Managers. Commlaaioner.
CERTIFICATES OF RAFFLE van be jiur i
chased from Oaj.taln W. I. DAHNEY, at th. j i
Branch office, No. n Twelfth street, thr-ie elexira i
from Main
THE STATE JOURNAL, ia an excellent uJ-
"Irertlalnf medlTiTO. Try it and ace.
jiggnttofl fftate journal
LOCAL MATTERS.
|Beßell.A RS AT VlonK—Four Stores ftro-
I kin Open.— Yerlerday afternoon, about 1
j o'clock,a colored woiiinn who lives in a small
frame house on Kighth street, between
t Main and Franklin, observed a young man
loitering about the rear premises" of Wilcox
4 Gibbs' sewing machine establishment,
5 which fronts on Ninth street. Being a
stranger to her she watched his movements
with some curiosity. He walked around
on the porch aud in the yard, whistled, antl
threw pebbles, and conducted himself gen
erally in a manner calculated to disarm
suspicion. Finally the colored woman saw
him enter tho Wilcox it Gibbs' establish
ment by the back window, which confirm- I
ed her in the suspicion that the young
man was there for no honest purpose, and
she immediately sent some one to notify
the polico of what had occurred. Before
the polico arrived, however, she called the j
attention of James Bibey, a colored
man who stays in the Evening News office,
to what she had seen. Mr. BibeY, hast- J
cned to the window through which the
young man had made his agrees, and call
ing to hint, asked what he Was doing in
there. At this the burglar hastened On j
through the store to the front door, which
ho forced open and passing out into the
street, made his escape. While in tho j
store, however, he ransacked the drawers
of the desk. lie appropriated a silver j
daguerreotype plate, nut failed to discover
anything else of value with which he could j
get away. It was, on investigation, acscer.
tamed that he hied forced open the hack j
basement door, anil in a room below se-
cureel a small poker, a chisel, and other j
tools, with which he had removed the slats
and let the top sash of the window down, I
over which he clambered. The young man
had also been noticed loitering in front cf|
j the house during the da)-. Tho colored
woman says she would readily recognize
him.
Some time between Saturday night and
this morning at day light—most probably
during Sunday night—the store of Messrs.
Shanks Barrett, on Thirteenth street, I
between Main and Franklin, was entered
by burglars. One of the iron bars of a
back window was forced from its place, a
piece of timber about five feet long and
three or-Aiur inches in diameter being used
for the purpose. The desk in this estab
lishment was overhauled, aud left m con
siderable confusion, the burglars evidently
huntinj* for money. Messrs. Shanks it
Next to Shanks A Barrett is the estab
lishment of Albeit, Ordway Co., which
was also entered by the back window, an
iron rod being broken off at the bottom and
removed from its place. The burglar.-:
seem to have obtained no booty here eith
er, notwithstanding many valuable articles
jof a movable nature were within their
n ii. Considerable wearing apparel hung
jon nails in the office, and a new coat,
i wrapped in a paper, was lying on a table. I
Money seemed to be the only stimulus to I
these depredatory acts.
Tho Penitentiary State, adjoining, on the
north, was also entered, probably about
the same time and by the same parties. A i
few months ago this._l.uro was broken open, j
one of the iron bars being wrenched out,
and a glass broken, through which the bur
glar removed a bolt, which enabled him to
raise the sash. The bar had been replaced,
i but the glass was still out. The burglars
last night removed the same bolt through
the broken pane, raised tho sash and car
ried away a pair of patent gaiter shoes
which had been left setting in the window.
I They did not go to the trouble of breaking
away the iron bars and entering the house.
The Death of Cai-tain Minor.—
We briefly announced in our Saturday's
issue the sudden antl unexpected death of
Captain Ft. D. Minor, chief engineer of the
James River Improvements. During Fri
day, Captain Minor enjoyed his usual good
health and was in unusually gootl spirits.
In the evening of that tlay he took part in
the pleasures of a juvenile party given at
I his house. About 1 o'clock that night he j
I complained ota pain iv the back of his head,
and by the advice of his wife at once retired'
to his room and went to bed. An hour
i after he was dead.
Captain Minor was Born in the town of
Fredericksburg, Va., in the year 182'!. He
was appointed a midshipman in the United
i States navy for the State of Missouri,in the
year IS4I, and made his first cruise in the
old frigate "Macedonia," bearing the broad
pendant of Commodore Jesse Wilkinson,
flag officer of the Brazil squadron. It 18*13
he was attached to the sloop of war ''War
ren," in the Pacific squadron, under the
command of Commodore John D. Sloat.
At the breaking out of the Mexican war,
iv 1841!, ho was attached to the American
Heel under Commiidoru Stockton, then
cruising in Mexican waters. After this i
war he was promoted to passed-midship- j
man, ami in 185! was ordered to the j
steamer "Vixen," then attached to the I
Home squadron. As passed-midshipitian
he also served in the storeship "Lexing
ton," of the Fast India squadron. In 1857 j
he was engaged in the survey of the liar-
burs and rivers along our coast. Be was]
i then promoted to lieutenant, and in ISSII
I was again ordered to the coast of Brazil in
the sloop-of-war "Preble."
When the late war brokeout, as we have
said, Captain Minor resigned his commis
sion and entered the Confederate service.—
He took an active part in the naval engage
ment in Hampton Roads, where he was
wounded in the shoulder, and was concern
ed in the effort to release the Confederate
i prisoners confined at Johnson's island. He
j afterwards had charge of the naval or.l
nance works io this city, and for a time
served in the naval operations on the James j
river.
Captain Minor was a genial, pleasant i
gentleman. His death is a severe blow to
the city, in a business point of view, and has
caused sincere mourning in a large circle of j
relatives and friends.
The First Virginia Regiment
Field Officers.—At a meeting of the com
missioned officers, held Saturday evening,
the following named gentlemen were select
jed and recommended to the Governor a>
field officers of the First Virginia Regiment:
Captain John A. Sloan (Company A) for
colonel; Captain Lu-.-ic.-ii Bass (Company 1
B) lieutenant-colonel Captain .1. D.
Whitehead (Company G) major.
Colonel Sloan, Lieutenant-Colonel Bass,
Captains Clarke and Bossieux, and Licit
tenant M. P. Handy were appointed a com
mittee on permanent organization of the of
ficers of'the regiment.
List of Unmailarle Letters Re*
i j MAININO IN THE RICHMONII I'CIST
-1 OKI-HE, NOVEMIIER _7TII, IS7I.
A. B. Lightner, Staunton Miss Leila
Braxton, Old Church John T. Loomis,
SI. Paul, Minn.
I.OCAI, NOTES.
—The Mechanics' Union meets at 7J
o'clock to-niglit.
—A letter atlcjresseil to l.ardner .t l'alcl
win, of this city, is lielel for postage in the
Lynchburg postorrice.
I —Mr. William 11. Wado, of the Ecening
I News, was on Saturday reelected city prin
ter for tlie currant term.
—Alfred J. Hall, of Warren county,
was received at tlie penitentiary on Satur
day to undergo a confinement of five years
for horsestealing.
I j —The chain-gang men are engaged iv
j breaking stone on .Main street, between
j Fourth and Fifth, to housed in macaelanii/.
ing the street at that point.
—The Dispatch has been selected as the
i paper in which the city advertisements are
,!to be printed. The penal ordinances were
ordered to be published in all the city pa
pers.
—Walter Connell, aged five year.-, son
ul Mr. .lohn 11. Connell, was severely in-
Mured about 1 o'clock Saturday, by being
run over by a carriage in front of the Thirc*
-1 Street engine house.
—At a meeting of the directory of the
Xation.il Hank of Virginia, held on Natur
i day, the resignation of A. Harvey, Eat*.,
president, was presented and accepted, antl
E. G. Nolthur, Ksq., elected in his stead.
Mr. 11. K. Ellysim was elected adirectorof
the hank.
—Saturday afternoon a little boy, son of
Mrs. Charlotte Brunet, while playing on
the track of the Chesapeake and Ohio rail-
I road, in this city, was run over by a pass
ing coach. His left arm was dreadfully
crushed, hut it is expected the little sufferer
will survive his injuries.
i —The- Council Committee of Health have
districted the city and appointed five or six
physicians, at a salary of t?200 each, to
vaccinate all persons who have not hereto
fore been properly vaccinated. These
physicians are to report to the Board of
Health the names of all those whom they
vaccinate, aud all who refuse to be vaoct
nated.
Pouci Court— Jnsticc J. J. White
j Presiding. —The following cases were dis
i posed of this morning:
Lizzie Holmes, charged with obtaining
goods under false pretenses. Found guilty
and sentenced to confinement for HO days.
John Swarm, charged with entering the
store of A. llodeker and stealing nine bot
tles of sweet oil. Found guilty and sen
tenced to jail for .'lO days, and chain-gang
during the term.
Robert Lawrence ami Nelson Morning,
charged with breaking a house iv Manches
ter. Case continued for witnesses.
James Jordan, charged with stealing two
rolls of butter and two boxes of fire
crackers. Not guilty of the larceny, but
bound over, under the ordinance, for three
months as a suspicious character and va
j grant in the sum of $.10.
Sam Pulliam, charged with assaulting antl
beating Anderson l.ogan. Discharged; no
j prosecutor.
Ida Hell, charged with being disorderly
i and using profane anil vulgar language in
I the streets. Fined $1.
R. 11. Hamilton, charged with abusing,
assaulting and threatening to beat George
Dixon. Fined is_ 50.
Samuel Martin and Slieppaid Cox charged
with being common thieves and vagrants,
and with trespassing on the premises of
1 Eliza Cooper. Martin discharged. Cox
bound over for six months in the sum of
6100.
Jacob Branch, charged with assaulting
j and striking Thomas Ward with a shovel.
Found guilty, and sent to jail for twenty
days.
Thomas Ward, charged with assaulting
and striking Richard Robinson. Fined
Samuel Briscoe and Ben McCoy, charged
with being drunk, creating a disturbance,
and using profane language on the streets.
i .McCoy discharged. Briscoe fined 82.
Cary Banks, charged with assaulting
and abusing Tony Kvery. Case dismiss
ed.
John Fierny, charged with oeing a luna
tic. Dismissed.
Patrick Latighlan, charged with assault
ing and striking R. K. Tucker. Discharged;
no prosecutor.
Ivey Mosby, charged with being a va
grant, a common thief, and with having no
visible means of support. Hound over for
three months in the sum ofc*k*tO.
James Jordan, charged with being a va
grant with no visible means of support, and
also with being a thief. Hound over for
three mouths in 850.
Henry White, charged with abusing and
threatening to assault Sarah Ward. Fined
82.
Richard Dillon and Clarborne Smith,
charged with obstructing the platform of
the York River railroad. Fined $1.
Court of Chancery— Judge Fitzhugh j
Presidinii—Saturday, November 2b. —The
I following cases were disposed of:
Gilmer and wife vs. Leake, guardian, etc.
I irirte referring cause to a commissioner
i for inquiry and report, (iilmer, Cuy
liilliam, counsel.
Spotts vs. Spotts, &c. Decree confirm
ing report of commissioner and making dis
tribution of the fund on hand. Sands
Pleasants, counsel.
Doswelij _c. vs. Belcher aud others.
Decree giving leave to Kdward B. Xewburn
to file petition, and referring cause to a
commissioner for inquiry and report. Coke,
p. ci.
Bergnist's administrator vs. Larson et
als. Decree of reference for account.
George L. Christian, p. q.
SCI'REME COUKT OF APPEALS.—-In
this court on Saturday, upon the petition of
Thomas Huntingdon and wife, an appeal
was allowed from a decree pronounced by
the Circuit court of Alexandria county on
i the 24th day of February, 1870, in a suit
in which the petitioners were platntilfs and
i David G. Watkins was defendant, Penal-
Ity of appeal bond, 8150. D. 1.. Smoot
j counsel for appellants.
This court was not iv session to-day, the
judges being engaged in conference. Judge
('rump will close the argument in the Ga
boon case to-morrow.
Tin: Weather.—The weather to-day
j has been as coquettish as an April day.
i Last night considerable rain fell, and the
morning was dark and unpromising. The
I bright, warm rays of the sun burst through
all iibsiriictions," however, by ten o'clock,
Since which time we have had alternate
I cloud and sunshine, with a fitful wind blow
i ing and playing smash with light hats and
bonnets anil things.
aa
I'eiskonai,.—Mr. James P. Matthews,
of the editorial staff of the Baltiinoie
American, was in (he city yesterday tn
route to Colombia, S. C, to report the Ku-
Klux trials for his paper. Mr. Matthews
i is a pleasant and very intelligent gentleman.
lio fell by the Danville mail at two o'clock
yesterday afternoon.
United States Circuit Court.—
This court, Hon. John C. I'nderwood pre-
J siding, was open for a short time this
morning.
The jury in the case of Agnes Peters and
c H. H. Tyler, an ejectment suit, failed to
agree.
I Wm. [I. Ten-ill, of Path county, quali
fied as an attorney in this court.
In the cases of Mary J. Dixon vs. Jef-
II ferson Tacey, and B. W. Hunter vs. F.
McCabe, actions in ejectment from proper
i ty purchased under the law for the collec
tion of taxes in insurrectionary districts, i
1 judgments were entered for the plaintiffs.
1 A temporary injunction was awarded the
Southern antl Atlantic Telegraph company
t against the Orange, Alexandria andManas-
B sas railroad company, upon the plaintiff
3 giving bond in the sum of $5,000.
The case of W. A. Caldwell vs. Mar
caret Hatcher et al was moved to the
Western District, on motion of the ele
-1 j fendant.
The Circuit Court will be open to
morrow morning.
Sale, of Bonds.—Messrs. Davenport
1 Co., stock auctioneers, sold at auction on
Saturday the following bonds at the prices
i annexed: 81,000 Virginia consolidatedcou-i
I pon bonds, (."H t»l,000 I'nited States
'registered (5 per cent. '81 bonds, 1181;
f ,2,000 Tinted States 10-40 5 per cent, regis
tered bonds, 10!)j $500 Richmond and
I i Danville railroad per cent, bonds (due
i j 1875), 80' 61,000 Richmond and Danville
i railroad 6 per cent, bonds (due 1880), 77J
$2,000 Petersburg (8 per cent.) railroad
coupon bonds, 98 $1,000 city of Richmond
(i per cent, bonds, TO"),
j JEAn Owner Wanted. Mr. Fred, i
Coleman, the engineer employed at this i
1 office, while on his way home on Friday I
night, between nine and ten o'clock, and t
i while passing through Exchange alley, j
found lying on the ground a fine black silk i
hat, and a nice black sack coat, In one
pocket of the coat are a pair of kid gloves i
and a door-key. Mr. ('oleinan took charge
of these things, and has since watched the
1 papers for some oiue to the owner, wishing i t
to restore them. Not having heard any- i I
thing to unravel the mystery, he requests I t
us to print this notice, in order that the
owner of the hat and coat may come lor- i
ward, prove properly, pay charges, nnd i
take them away. J
The Concert Tonight.—Madame i
[sabel McCttlloch's grand operatic and bal- f
lad concert takes place to-night at Assem
bly [[all. This entertainment, we have i
no doubt, will call out the beauty and fash
ion of Richmond. The eminent artists who
will assist the Madame, together with her
own rare and well-known musical talent,
makes it safe to predict the most delightful i
and interesting entertainment, with which tj
we shall bo favored this season. Seats can 1
be engaged during the day at West John- t
ston's music store.
John Hancock Pen.—-We have re-
ceived from D. W. Class Co., of Balti-
more, a box of tho celebrated John Han
cock pens, which will be found at most of
the stationery stores of the city. They arc
a superior steel pen, and especially suited
to the office and counting room writing, I
where a bold and rapid hand is desirable.
They are among the best mercantile pens
manufactured in this country.
-c_T"B" Select Whiskey.
*a_T'-B" Select Whisk... 1

•STOrorcrlca.—Families in want of Grace-
rie. are referred to the advertisement of T. Bai.
hbr _ Co., 814 Main street, in another column.
5.3-"II" Select Whiakey, !52."0 per Ballon.
I
t)_ri__lish Breakfast Teas mixed for and
imported by T. Ilii.nn _ Co., 814 Main street
dST'-B" Select Whisker.
«_T"K" Select Whisker.
«v_--U" Select Whiakey.
gl_*~Tt.o—ipaon's Pomade Optime, a* a dress.
Ing for the Hair, is all that i* required; purely
vegetable antl highly perlumeel, it eoften*, im j
proves and bt-autifiea the Hair, strengthens the
root*, and gives it a rich glossy apjiearancc.—
For sole by all druggtsls. Price, 35 and 75 *tta_
per bottle.
riNANCIAI. AND COMMERCIAL.
Daily Statk JurasAi. Orrict, I
Richmond, Nov. 27, 1871.
We quote Ural-class paper at 8 to 10 per
cent, jier a—num. Richmond city bonds are held J
at 80 cents. Virginia State atucks dull. There Is J
ian active demand for flrat-cla-s ruUro-nl securi- 1
tie.. I
f'. ii tiuiond Grain Market.
Ooa- ami Fi vi a F.x 1 ■si.v.,l t 1
HICBHOXD, Nov. 27, 1871.
Offerings.
Wubat—White, W6 bushel*. Red. 16IM do.
Cobb—White, 2076 bushels. Mixed, bush- 1
els.
1 i.it h .12:1.1 bushel*.
Rtk—lu bushels. I
Mbai. —64 bushels.
Brown _*■_**_400 bushel.-.
Fi.ai s»i:l. 1 bushels.
Fi.i-'i'K—24 barrels.
Sales. I
Wheat—White, 2Hi bushels at $1.68 for prime;
I.os for good; *1. SO for fair. Red, 1654 bushels
$1.65 for very good $1.60 for good; $1.50 for
fair; $1.25 for commou; $tl 75 for very common.
Corn—VVhite, 1818 bushels at 63c@65c for jirinte
new 60c for very good new; 58c for good new 1
7llc for olel. Mixed, bushels very good new nt
60c.
Oatc—3oß bushels at CSc for very good spring;
57c for do.; 56c for good sjiring.
Rtk—B bushels prime at 85c.
31k.i1—64 bushel* white, bolted, at 77cc*J7*k* for
very good.
L Ree-xhibited.
Whbat—White, 76 bushels. Red, 160 bushels
Oats —SO Imtiialt
MAERIED.
On Tuesday, t__<* l -itti inslant, iv Frtf-lerick
county, Va., by th« Key. SvilLUtm <J. Meredith,
I Dr. DANIEL, BUKR CONKAD. of Virginia, to
SUSLK- only cliild of l>r. William A. D_TU>.
DIED.
Suddenly, on Saturday morning:, -iAth instant,
in this city, (Japtain KOBF.KT l). MINOR, in
the forty-third yoar of his ape.
RESTAURANTS.
A lA. IS'IHHT HOUSE
S O A m m c I. 1.
NO. 2IS. NINTH STREET, NEAR BROAII, j
1 Is proprietor of the
ONLY AIA. NIGHT HOUSE IN RICHMOND. I
I
clontlemen can be tiujiplieel with OYSTERH in
1 every style, and with choice WINES, LICIUORS,
4c. Remember,
oc 11—8 m 218 NINTH STREET.
1 oCTT__ic__ rA-'A_Hfis
FALL AND WINTER FASHIONS.

I 1 Late styles .jnst received also, MaraoroLtTA*
for November. Prini_|>ul agency at the ottlct- of
the UOWK SEWINII-MACHINE 823 Main
i «reet J. F Mi KENNKY.
v* 10— tf
LATEST NEWS. I
FROM WASHINGTON.
Washington, Nov. 2a. —Regarding a
.statement that the Piedmont and Potomac
Railroad, in aid of which s*(!00,0<>0 are to ba
subscribed by this District Government, c
agreeable to the result of the election here i
on Wednesday, having no corporate exis- 1
tence in thia district, and owing to intima- I
tions of fraud having been perpetrated upon s
the people in securing this endorsement, the. c
Sim of to-day says "It is quite time the f
[legislature should investigate this Piedmont f
and Potomac railroad business. It would I
be interesting to ascertain just who the par
ties are who are lobbying for this $*i 00,000:
what portion will go to build the road, and
what to the lobbyists, [low much will be
absorbed for election expenses; the
printing of (10,000 tickets; the employ-
ment of canvassers issuing posters; I.
sending out advertising wagons with r
bands and all the various appliances
so freely used in behalf of the sub-
sidy on election day. Not a ticket was pro- _
curable in opposition to the subsidy, and
the idea was industriously circulated by
tlie lobbyists that the scheme was a feature C(
of the policy of tho district government, al
and that to oppose it was to oppose the dis- S
tiict government. This representation was
ti baie-f'aeed falsehood, as the district gov- tc
ernment took no part in the matter yet, n
despite the lobby appliances, the suspicion
amongst the voters that all was not light,
exhibited itself in the fact that the vote in
favor of the subsidy fell many thousand
short of that for the loan, The project has
now to go to Congress for indorsement, and
it is to be trusted that it will not get R
through that body until the status of the. T
company is investigated and it is compelled sc
to give proper liens to the District as secur- tl
ity for the investment." ihi
Frederick Tukey has been appointed as- jin
sistant assessor of internal revenue for the jci
First district of Virginia. Ini
Western dispatches reiterate that Loring. tl
the Rof ton journalist, was among the killed Iti
by the Apaches in their recent attack upon sc
the Stage in Arizona. st
Washington, Nov. 'ill.—Two.companies
of the Seventeenth [nfantry, Major Free
man commanding, while "returning from hi
Fort Browning yesterday were caught in di
a terrible snow storm. A number of the
men were badly frozen, principally about
the feet, and will lose them. ss
The thermometer at 8 o'clock this even- is
ing was fifteen degrees below zero. fr

FROM NEW YORK.
ki
New York, Nov. 25.—Comptroller Con
nolly has been arrested, and held to bail in tv
lp 1,000,000 for his appearance. Connolly r j
is in charge of the deputy marshal, who ac
companied him in his search for bail. j0
It is stated that the whole board of An- tc
dit (twenty-five in number), including
Mayor Hall, will be arrested on Monday
on the charge of complicity in the frauds.
The examination in the libel suit of Miss
Helen Josephine Mansfield vs. James
Fisk, Jr., was opened to-day in the York- I
ville Police court. Miss Manstield was
placed upon the stand, aud detailed her sev
eral love transactions in San Francisco,
lioston, Philadelphia, and other places.
[t is charged that the Hoard of Supcrvi- '_;'
sens, acting as canvassers of the vote of this
city, havo been privy to secret alterations of c
the returns by the poll clerks and inspec-
tors, and other illegal acts in connection l J
therewith, tho result being the counting in
of the Tammany candidates for aldermen.
I mm th. I'm-ilie- Slope.
San Francisco, Nov. 25.—Dispatches y
from Arizona state that 100 Government _,
cattle have been run off By the Apache j)
Indiana in the Valley de Chino, near 0
Prescot. 3
The troops and citizens in pursuit of the
Apaches who murdered the Wickenham
stage passengers, trailed them directly to
Dale creek, and revealed the fact that a y
large part of the Apaches residing there
were absent at the time of tne massacre. Xl
This was proven by an officer on the
reservation. n l
A dispatch says that among the passen
gers was one regis'.ered as Fred. W. Loring, a
of the Wheeler expedition. Ixiring was the
only passei get* who was not wounded at 9'
the first fire of the [ndians, who were am- ,n
bushed, completely surrounding the stage.
The three passengers outside and the driver
were killed at the first volley. The fn- n]
dians then rushed for the stage Loring and fii
Hamilton lost their presence of mind and (.1
jumped from the stage on the side
next the Indians. Messrs. Shepherd
and Kruger, both wounded, jumped from
the other side and escaped, in an instant J*
Loring was .surrounded by savages. After
being wounded he tried to escape, when s(
the Indians tired two shots, which passed
through his breast. Loring then fell, and
was dispatched with a lance. Persons
knowing him here say there is no doubt of
his identity.
'Ihe people of ['roscott raised volunteers
with the determination of killing every
Apache on the reservation, but finally con-
sented to leave the matter with General
Crook.
V
Pallet Trouble* lv Little Rock, Arkuu»a*.
Little Rock, Nov. 25.—Mayor Catterson j?•
last night deposed Chief of Police Vance
and appointed O'Connell to fill the vacan-
cy. Four members of tlie>tilcl Council di-
recteel Vance to disobey the order. This
morning the mayor met Vance, and seeing
that he still wore the chief's star demanded
its removal. Vance refused unless the
Counsel ordered, and drew tc pistol. Tlie
mayor hud three special policemen remove
the star by force, causing great excitement.
It is stated that the four members aforesaid
petitioned the Governor to declare martial
law. The Council stands divided, the four b
old members being for and the four new
against the State administration. The li
Council met to-day, when the administra
tion men had a majority and elected Vance
Chief of Police.

The I'urk I until,' Tragedy in Indiana.
Louisville Nov. 25.—The excitement in j
Clarke county, Ind., ou account of the s
Purk tragedy has not died out. The sus-
picion that white men instigated the mur
ders is undergoing secret investigation. a
Numbers of negroes are leaving the county. r
The wife of the negro Taylor, who is now
suspected of being the one who struck the c
fiendish blows, has gone to Chicago.
The grand jury will meet on the first of
December, when it is probable that some of
the lynchers of the negroes who were en-
gaged in the bloody affair will be indicted.

The Cincinnati Board ol'Trade.
Cincinnati, Nov. 25. —The directors of c
the Board of Trade to-day passed resolu-
tions asking the general freight agents of
the country to adopt a national classifica- s
tion for freights; requesting Congress to
interfere to prevent discrimination in rates
and extortions, and to simplify means of
redress petitioning Congress to make ap
propriations to finish the Ixiuisville canal,
purchase the outstanding stock, and make
the canal free.
i
Hough Weather on lice I'lalns.
Lawrence, Kansas, Nov. 2(i.—The re
cent storm was one of unprecedented sever
ity on the plains. In Western Kansas
large numbers of Texas cattle and several
hards were frozen to death. Five bodies,
supposeil to be those of buffalo hunters,
were brought into Hays ('ity last night,
frozen stiff. Great anxiety is felt for other
parties who are hunting buffalo, and who
liave not been heard from since the storm.
c li>irli-.t«n e.einrilin_ Amnlntt Small-Pox.
Cliutleslon, Nov. 2G.—The health offi
cer of Charleston has issued instruction
for the examination of all vessels from
New York, Philadelphia and Trinidad,
those ports having been proclaimed by
Governor Scott to be infected by small
pox.
Purine Uie Penalties of the Revere IM-usler.
Boston, Nov. 25.—The F'.astern railroad
company has paid several claims for person
al damages arising from the Revere disaster. I
S. F). Mudge, of Salem, who was seriously
injured, has received #12,000; the execu-
tors af Mrs. Shaw, *',000, and a young
man, who was cut by the broken 'j-lass.
160.

lonian*, news,
Belgium.
Brussels, Nov. 25.—The Chamber of
Representatives has finally adjourned until
Tuesday next. Subsequently a mob as
sembled before the residence of M. No
thomb, a member of the Right, who made
himself particularly obnoxious in support
ing tho appointment of Dedecker, ami be
came very disorderly, their actions culmi
nating in the smashing of the windows of
the house. So violent were the manifests- i
(ions of the mob that the alarm was
sounded, and the civic guard mustered in
strong force. There are fears of serious
disturbances.
Later —The rioting has been suppressed,
but fresh outbreaks are apprehended. Ad
ditional troops are arriving.
Kugland.
London, Nov. 20.—The latest bulletin
says tho condition of the Prince of Wales
is going on well to-day. He is suffering
from severe antl regular fever.
A colliery explosion has occurred near
Hramwich, by which eight persons were
killed.
Another explosion near Haversfbrd hint
twenty persons, but none were killed out
right.
The Scotch express train was wrecked
on the Northwestern railway, and seven
teen persons seriously injured.
France.
Paris, Nov. 25.—The Commissioners of
I'ardons have rejected the appeals for clem
jticy of Ferre, Rossel, and other leading
i'ommunist.
The publication of the Ra/giel has been
suspended.
Pe7ra, Nov. 20.—Drescon of the com
mission of pardons in cases of condemned
I Vimuiunists' prisoners still kept a secret.
I'here is great anxiety among all classes
to learn the fate of Ceencral Rossel's
father. This prisoner has just had an in
terview with Thiers, in which he begged
that the life of his son be spared. The
President was greatly affected.
Ceneral Rossel has written to Thiers
saying he is ready to die, but imploring
that he may be spared a military degrada
tion. The General displays great firm
ness anc' works in the prison indefatigably.
He has just finished the second volume
of his work on the Reorganization of the
Army.
C.ermany.
Berlin, Nov. 25.—Three men-of-war are
fitting out at Kc.il for the Brazilian waters.
It is understood that the object is to demand
satisfaction for the maltreatment of a Ger
man naval officer »nd two cadets in a street
light in Rio Janeiro.
The Emperor of Germany accepts the
arbitratorship between England and the
United States upon the San Juan boundary
question. Mr. Bancroft presents the argu
ment in behalf of the United States.
Anatria.
Vienna, Nov. 25.—The newly appointed
members of the Cesleithan Cabinet quali
lied to-day. Tlie Reichsrath convenes on
lhe 21st of December.
-_•**•».
Alexandria, Eyyjxl Nov. 25.—A steamer
with pilgrims, en route to Mecca, sunk from
being in collision with another vessel, and
seventy-live of the pilgrims were drowned.
-Si
TKl.liCißAl'lllC SUMMARY.
-The Grand Duke has accepted an mvi- I
tation to visit Boston.
—There were sixty deaths from small- i
pox in Cincinnati last week.
—Guatemala was visited with another
destructive fire on the 4th instant.
—Two colored lawyers were admitted to
practice in the Kentucky courts on Friday.
—George P. Marsh, I. S. Minister, has
arrived and established an American lega
tion in Rome.
—Hon. C. L. Vallandigham's estate set
tles up worth over $100,000, which goes to
his son Charles.
—The balance in the I'nited States trea-
sury at the hour of closing business on
Saturday was $120,10(5,1)82.00.
—A dispatch to the London Standard
says the appointment of Jules Terry as j
.Minister to Washington is certain.
The flag-ship "Colorado" has just
made a narrow escape of total wreck. She
is at Yokohotna, Japan, for repairs.
—Richard Connolly, late comptroller,
was arrested in New York on Saturday.
The bail required is one million dollars.
—An extra session of the I/iuisiaiiti Sen
ate has been called to elect a Speaker, who
shall be ex-officio Lieutenant-Governor.
—Thirty-one thousand dollars of the
forged paper in Boston have been taken up.
J. A, Hanson, the alleged forger, is the
son-in-law of John G. Clarke, whose en
dorsement is foiged.
—Six Algerines captured by the French
and sent to Cayenne, who escaped on a
rait, have arrived in Philadelphia from De
merara. They have assurauces from May
or Fox tliat they will not be sent back.
—The great suit of the I'nited States
against Weld et Co., merchants, to recover j
about $400,000 forfeiture and penalties on
goods illegally imported was commenced
before Judge Blatchford, in New York,
to-day.
—The New Orleans 'Hints announce* a I
compromise between the proprietors of the
Opclousas railroad aud the Mobile, New
Orleans and Texas railroad, which will en
sure the early completion of b- tfi roads to I
Texas.
i —It is stated that Collector Robb, of
I Savannali, tin., has put in false vouchcars to
cover a large amount of his accounts, and
1 ha t,,e w' ll arraigned for trial before the
i Lnited States conrt, which meets at Savan
nah this week.
—At a meeting of the "(ireeley" Repub
licans, in New York, on Saturday nteM, a
proposition to tiuile with the Giant Kepiih
licans was rejected. In the Tribune, ol
this morning, Mr. (ireeley says he commit
ted a stupendous folly in permitting himself
to entertain dreams of the Presidency.
—It is stated that the Government li:k
had Judge J. W. Wright, of Waging. oil
city, arrested in connection with the
alleged Indian frauds recently mentioni-.!
in tlie public press, and that he has pro
duced mil for his appearance incnuit, if
called for. Fn the meantime', investigations
in the West will be continued.
—The Washington Chronb-lc of this
morning says: "We have it from an au
thoritative source that nothing in the nature
ofa complaint or a charge lias been made
officially or by individuals, thnt General
Schenck has violated diplomatic rules or ele
coruui by his alleged connection with a
mining company, and the idea of consider
ing the subject gravely is not entertained in
official circles. There is notliiii" in dinln
matic rules or customs thai forbids the
ownership of shares in a -old mine by a
minister plenipotentiary from Ibis country
nor that prohibits him from embarking ni
I commercial pursuits."
-**_■__________
\lKClll\il- .\K\VS.
—The Mayor of Alexandria Is ill.
—The late festival in Alexandria, for the
benefit of the public library of that city
netted c) 200.
—Jacob T. Wine, v constable of l_m
doun county, died on Sunday iasl at his
home in Waterford.
—The visiting committee! of the public
schools in Alexandria report favorable pro
gress among the pupils.
—Walter Douglass, I'st-., has pur
chased the Liberty A>i..v,and is now editor
and proprietor of that paper.
—The steamer "Astoria," lately sunk
at Norfolk to save her ('nun burning up,
has been raised, and will go oft the? Ways
for repairs.
—Mr. Winston Patterson, late of Farm
ville, has been appointed to a position in
the Western I niim Telegraph nlliee in
Petersburg.
—James A. Fisher, of Warreiiti.ii, while
out hunting a few clays ago, accidentally
discharged his gun, and half a dozen shot
entered the calf of his leg.
—The Potomac Slate company held a
meeting in Alexandria on Friday," but ad
journed, without transacting any bpsiuess,
till the loth nf December.
—Miss Ida "tVflbirt.of Alexandria, is the
recipient of a medal iv honor of her supe
rior proficiency its a srholar in (.'ohmibia
school, No. 1, for the session endinir .lune
20, 1871.
—At a recent meeting of the Columbia
Kire company of Alexandria il was re
solved that the hall of the engine-house be
fitted up for the accommodation of the
members.
—John W. Jordan, employed as a band
on the mud-machine, in the river, says the
Petersburg Index, got his foot entangled in
the line, on Saturday, and a sudden jerk
broke his leg.
—The police force of Norfolk Was paid
off Friday morning, and received their
stipends in greenbacks, anil not in certifi
cates, subject to discount, ax has been tl.e
practice for fifteen months.
—The Petersburg index .-ays no less
than three letters containing money, trans
mitted by one firm in that city, to partiec
in Boydton, have recently come up missing.
Captain Frey can unravel the mystery.
—The fall meeting of the Norfolk I'omo
logical and Horticultural Society was held
on Friday. It resolved to cooperate with
the newly forming agricultural society,
Ceneral Page read an essay on fertilizers.
VUITII 01KO„I*.A ITEMS.
—The Fayetteville Fair has been cmincnl
y successful.
—Tlie Normal school building in Wil
mington is rapidly approaching completion.
—W. E. Peace, lis.)., of (iranville, was
murdered at his own home, a few cays
since.
—Prof. Charles Phillips, who has been
lying dangerously ill at Davidson collegers
improving.
—The finest butter at the Wilminglon
Fair was exhibited by .\!rs. Svvann, of
Goldsboro.
—Fayetteville has purchase- the road
steamer that was on exhibition at the Wil
mington fair.
—Aunt Venus Cowan, a colored woman,
aged 10_, died in Wilmington on 'I burs-day
evening last.
—The three Adairs were convicted of
the murder of the Weston family in Ruth
erford, at the recent term of .lender: on
court.
—Martha Matthews, convicted for the
murder of her own child, will be hung
in Winston on the 18th day of January
next.
Col. S. L Freemont, who has been en
gineer antl superintendent of the Wilming
ton and Weldoil railroad for seventeen
years, has resigned that position, a:id ('ap
taiu Deviue appointed his successor. Col.
Fremont still holds the same position on
the Charlotte and Rutherford toad.
—A farmer lately died in Fiast Prussia
who is said to have attained his I'ioth year.
Down to the time of hi. death he was in the
enjoyment of the best possible health. He
was six feet one inch in height, and served
as body-guard under Frederick the Croat.
His son, who lives on his father's property,
is 109 years old. Me takes long walk*
every day, can read without spectacles, and
is an excellent companion. The nephew of
the old man is employed on the Fast Prus
sian railway, and, though he is 72 years of
age he is able punctually to perform his
duties, which include the laborious night
service. He has twenty-one children, six
teen boys and five girls.
et*.
—The Chicago Tribune _ays CI icago
has paid during the last fifteen year* i rough
money in extra insurance, caused by fiame
buildings, to have built a brick building for
each wooden one, creeled within that l me.
!As a matter of economy, tlietefure, th
erection of wooden buildings ought to b*
I prohibited. The owners of wooden struo-
I tures now feel the great loss. They are
paying an advance of 150 to JOO per cent.
lin the rates of insurance, and the.r build
i ings are of less value, because tenants for
the most part are unable to get insurance
I from responsible- companies ew poo la in
wooden buildings.