glut 9atUj Hugiuian..
STAVNTOJf.VIRGINIA. t
Thursday, -November 16 1871.
Local,
See notice of House to Rent. Enquire at this
office.
Capt. H. H. Robertson, delegate elect from
Highland and Bath, is in this city.
There is a letter in the Richmond post office,
addressed to C. Dull, Augusta, Va.
A perfect Table of the Official Election Returns
will appear in our next issue, as a matter of offi.
cial reference.
Law Card.—We direct attention to the law
card of Charles Grattan, Esq., and bespeak for
him a fair share of public patronage.
The recently appointed Director in the Valley
Turnpike is not Charles E. Roller, but Courtney
A- Roller, of Ml. Sidney.
Dr. B. P. Reese &Co., advertise medicinal wa
ters which have remarkable curative properties.
See advertisement.
"tV. S. Gillman, one of the delegate? to the Leg
islature, from Richmond, is now in this city,
stopping with his brother-in-law, R. W. Burke,
JSBq.
See advertisement of J. W. Alby, who is receiv
ing another supply of clothing. Mr. A. has the
largest stock of clothing ever offered cast of the
IBlue Ridge.
By recent order from the Post Office Depart
an»at the Post Master in this city is required to
advertise all letters remaining in his office at the
end of each week. Those not called for by the
following Saturday after being published will be
sent to the Dead Letter Office.
Right of IV at.—The common Council of Har
'risonburg, have, by a vote of S to 2, granted the
right of way through the town, down German
street, to the Valley Railroad. The citizins on
jhat street are not at all pleased with the action
,of the Council.
Sport.—For several weeks past, the boys have
been amusing themselves by catching rabbits
in the country, and turning them loose on the
streets,to be chased by dogs. Generally,the rabbits
regain their freedom.
Several incendiary fires have recently occurred
in Harrisonburg, consuming the stables on the
lot of Wm. Evans, (sow employed as night
watch,at the Sash and Door Factory of Lushbaugh
.Bro. of this place), and L. Wise.
Paul Lightner is elected to the Legislature in
Highland and Bath, over our old friend W. W.
Fleming. While we are sorry to lose the servic
es of Mr. Fleming to the State, we are glad to
learn that Mr. Light ner is a young man of prom
ise, and will doubtless make a good representa
tive.
A writ of error has been granted in the case of
Sands vs. the Commonwealth, in the Court of Ap
peals. This doubtless is based on the fact that
.John B. Scherer, one of the jurors that found
Sands guilty, was under disabilities.
The Live Slock Journal for November has been
received. It is one of the best, if not the best
publications of the kind in the United States.—
Terms, $1.50 per annum. Address Springer,
Best Co. 27 Park Place, N. Y.
Daw Card.—Preston A. Baylor, lias pis law
card in this issue of the Virginian. Mr. B. is a
son of the late Col. Geo. Baylor, and a graduate
in t.he law school of the University of Virgina.
He is of studious habits and will promptly attend
to any business entrusted to him.
Another Omission.—In our notice of the Ag
riculturaPFair at, Richmond, the fact that our
fellow-citizen, Capt. Wm. 4- Burke, of Burke’s
Iron Works, had been elected one of the Vice
Presidents of the State Association, escaped our
attention. He is a gentleman of enterprise, and
keenly alive to the development of the agricultural
and mechanical interests of the State.
Huntington—Our Staunton boys cannjt be
kept down, but will go ahead. We notice in the
Cabell County Press, that our former fellow-citi
zen, Capt. Thomas Burke, has been nominated as
the firgt Mayor of the new city of Huntington.
They could not procure a better one.
We learn fron? the same paper that Huntington
Zs going ahead rapidly. Fifty new houses have
already been erected, and a number of others are
in contemplation.
We are in receipt of several numbers of the
Evening Journal, a sterling Democratic paper
.published in Baltimore by E. M. Yerger, editor
and proprietor. It has the ring of the true metal,
and will do good service in the cause which it es
pouses. We commend it to the favorable consider
ation and the patronage of our people.
The Birds.—Our sportsmen are murdering a
great many partridges this season. The plain
dive refrain of “bob-o-link” and “bob-white,” on
ly serve,like the clansman’s whistle,to attract the
pursuers to the spot where they are concealed.—
Spare the birds, huntsman, spare the birds. The
great creator placed them here as man’s friend,
to destroy insects, and protect the products of
the husbandsman. Spare the birds
Premium Whiskey.—In the general enumera
tion of premiums awarded at the late Richmond
State Fair, we omitted to mention that our friend,
R. W.Burk®, Bsq., wholesale liquor dealer of this
city, was awarded the 1st and 2d premiums for his
Old Augusta whiskey. Mr. Burke, in fact, keeps
the best of liquors of all description. If you
/ion’t believe it, go and see now it lsyoursett.
Shenandoah.—It is with unfeigned pleasure,
we announce the election of our friend, the gal
lant and talented Capt. Harry Riddlebarger, to
(the Legislature, from Sheifendoah. He is editor
of the Shenandoah Democrat, and as true to the
Conservative party and the State of Virginia, as
.the needle to the pole. He is quite a young man,
put with his energy and pluck, cannet fail to
make a first rate representative. His colleague
is Mr. Smoot, with whom we are not acquainted.
Ip the Court of Appeals, at Richmond, the de
cision of the Court was announced in the case of
Effinger vs. Ralston, confirming the decree of the
.Circuit Court of Rockingham.
Massie vs. King and others, on an appeal from
,the Circuit Court of Rockingham county. Decree
partly affirmed and partly reversed; the appet
ites to pay costs.
r" Strider and Goldsborough vs. the Winchester
and Potomac Railroad Company, upon an appeal
from a decree of the Circuit Court of Frederick
county. Decree affirmed.
The supreme Court of Virginia, sitting at
Richmond, has aflirmedjthe case of Burwell’s
ex., vs. Faqber, which was an appeal from
the Circuit Court of Augusta.
In the ease of Wells vs. the Commonwealth,
which was a writ of error to a judgment of
the Circuit Court of Bedford county, by
.which Grov. Weljs ^as fiued S50 for contempt
of Court, was reversed.
Sam’l I. Campbell vs. J. 51. Ramson and
ptljers. Appeal from District Court of Ap
peals, Ifift]) Judicial District, affirming a de
cree of Circuit Court of Rockbridge. Affirm
ed Nov. 10th, 1871.
Joseph Layne pnj II. M.'PuIlitj, executors
of Samuel Pullin,'dec’d, vs." jlflwin Devier,
surviving administrator of Joseph II. Pullin.
Appeal from decree of Circuit Court of High
land county. Affirmed.
Buffalo Gap' Iron and S'ueel Co*ujanv.—
rudge McLaughlin has granted a charter to this
Company, which has been filed in the office of
he Secretary of the Commonwealth for record.
Che business of the Company will be the manu
acture of Iron and Steel in all’its forms, and also
he mining of iron and other minerals. The cap
tal stock cf the company shall not be less than
$50,000, nor more than §1,000,000. Thegentle
nen who compose the Iron Manufacturing Com
pany operatijig at Buffalo Gap, in this county,
nave been elected officers for the coming year.
President.r-=-IIenry Moore, of Baltimore.
Directors.—S. 11. Smoot, lliram Wood, of Ma
ryland, and H. J. Rogers, of New’ \ork.
Secretary.—John Tierney, of Buffalo Gap.
The operations of the old company have been
suspended for some time past, in consequence of
the exhaustion of the iron ore from the beds
heretofore worked. Other sources for ore
having been secured, it is the purpose of the
company to push forward their new enterprise
with renewed energ3T. The President has had
large experience in the iron business, and the
company having considerable interest at stake,
will be stimulated to enlarged operations to make
secure what they have heretofore and now have
invested.
We are glad to record thi§ assurance that the
Buffalo Gap Works are not to languish in idle
ness. When in active operation before, they
disbursed a large amount, of money, much of
which found its way to this city, and all of it
was scattered among our people. Such enter
prises constitute the manna of our people. They
are real sources of benefit, and throw new fe and
activity into every branch of trade.
A Magnificent Ciiurcii Fpifige.—The Pres
byterian church, in this city, when completed,
will be one of the handsomest, most capacious and
attractive edifices of the kind in the State. Were
it located on a more prominent site, it would be
quite an ornament to the city. But as the ground
was a present to the congregation from Miss
Juliet Baldwin, Principal of the Augusta Female
Seminary, there could not be a choice as to lo
calities- It is situated opposite the old Presby
terian church, and very convenient of access to
the business portion of the city.
To give some idea to the distant reader of the
building, we have taken the trouble to ascertain
its dimensions, &c. The Lecture room, or base
ment story, is 55 by 66 feet with private entrance
to the Pulpit and Pastor’s study the church is 55
by 81 feet, with a gallery across the front end,
sufficient to seat 300 persons, besides room for the
choir and organ. The architecture of the build
ing is modernized Norman, and will comfortably
seat 900 persons. There is a tower on either
corner of the front of the house. The one on the
left of the entrance will be built as high as the
roof of the main building, and neatly finished,
with scroll work on top. The one on the right
is built up 68 feet, with brick, neatly ornamented
with stone coping and fancy brick work, on top
of which will be the spire, 70 feet in height, oc
tagon shaped, slated and topped out with carved
finial 6 feet high. There will be geometrical
stairways in both towers, leading to the gallery.
The ceiling is arched to within 11 feet of the
walls, supported by carved brackets, and will be
panneled with poplar pannels and wralnut mould
ings, with yellow pine bars between the pannels,
varnished. The whole of the side walls, and
ceiling of the Lecture Room, will be stuccoed,
with coloring in the cement.
The roof,which when slated will weigh 63 tons,
is supported by six trusses, each one of which
is estimated to hold with safety 58 tons. These
trusses are the invention of Mr. M. L. Bobbitt.
The plan of^ a truss, submitted by the architect
of the building, was deemed unsafe, whereupon
Mr. Bobbitt put his head to work, and coined
out this one, which has been pronounced by com
petent judges admirably adapted to the structure.
Messrs. Boogher Bobbitt are the contractors
for tjie woodwork Wm. Jordan,the brick work,
and S. H. Lushbaugh the plastering. The cost
of the building, when oompletpd, will be about
§25.000.
The Lecture Room will be ready for use in the
course of ten days, and the entire church in about
six weeks or two months.
Extraordinary Escape of a Desperado and
Thief.—On last Friday night about 7 o’clock,
George Henderson, arrested for horse stealing
and confined in the jail of this city, made his es
cape under extraordinary circumstances. lie
had been confined about six weeks. Shortly af
ter being placed in jail, 'it was noticed by Jailor
Harlan, that a board had been removed from a
certain locality, indicating that Henderson was
not satisfied with his quarters, and intended to
escape if possible. Therefore he had hobbles
placed on his limbs. By the use of a small wire,
which he had taken off a broom, he managed to
unlock his chains every night, and placed them
on again in the morning. He was in a room
with young Carson, whose life he threatened to
take if he opened his mouth. The night before
his escape, he managed to cut through the parti
tion which separated him from a negro boy, con
fined in Jail on a charge of setting fire to Mr.
Patterson’s barn. Occasionally, young Carson
would have oysters brought to him during the
day, the door having to be opened. to get them in
on a waiter. On Friday evening, Henderson
asked Carson to send for oysters, which he refus
ed to do. JI. then called thp colored boy, West,
who waits at the jail, and sent for some himself.
In the meantime, the negro bqy in the adjoining
cell had come into Henderson’s cell through the
aperture made, and took his position, in a sitting
posture, near the door. As West returned apd
opened the door, the negro prisoner sprang to
wards him. He was seized by West. Henderson
had slipped off his hobbles, and came to the res
cue of his negro comrade, armed with a piece of
shoe knife. Wes* seized him, but he struggled
away from the embrace, cutting West severely
across the left breast. Henderson and the negro,
made for the front door, apd as they reached the
street, commenced crying “fire! fire which
created considerable commotion on the street,
and the night being dark and blustering, in the
confusion, they made their escape.
Henderson is a Penitentiary convict, sent there
for seven years from Prince William, for house
breaking.
He had made several attempts to cut his way
out of that institution, but was detected, and af
terwards heavily ironed. He was subsequently
hired, with a number of other convicts, to Burn
ham ana Lorclon, contractors on the Covington
and Ohio Railroad. With two others he was em
ployed in sinking a shaft. The guard would let
them down, and leave them, feeling satisfied that
they could not get out without help from above.
One evening about dark, the large wooden buck
et, which was used to draw up the excavated
dirt, was let down Henderson got into it; was
covered up with dirt and mud by his comrades in
the shaft, was drawn up. and thrown down an
embankment some sixty feet as so much filth.—
Before the ingenious and daring ruse was discov
ered, he had fled into the woods. The first horse
he came across, he mounted, and was making his
way east, when he was arrested near North moun
tain, in this county, brought to this place and
confined in jail, until Ijis escape last Friday
Ilsnderson is a desperate character. lie had
several times told Carson, who was in the cell
with him. that he would cut him open the very
moment he gave any sign that would discover his
plans to escape. He also stated, that if Mr. Har
lan attempted to stop him, he would kill him, but
that he did not wish to kill the negro boy West,
and would only use such violence as would ena
ble him to get out of the house.
Altogether, this is one of the moBt daring and
well-devised escapes that we have ever had to re
cord. Henderson comes fully up to the character
given him by the Superintendent of the
Penitentiary, and proved himself to bean accom
plished and dangerous scoundrel. We sup
pose he did not go far, before he and his negro
companion, impressed horses ts speed their flight.
Nothin; has been as yet heard from them.
We learn that JIartin H. Lotts is the proper
name of Henderson, and that he is a noted horse
thief and would-be incendiary. We think it very
unfortunate that more circumspection was not
observed in allowing the door of (lie cell to be
opened, especially when the desperate character
of this convict was known. He is now Iposeupon
comfnunity, and no one cap tell the mischief he
may perpetrate upon our farmers. It is believed
that he is the same person who attempted to fife
the barn of M. W. D Hogshead, some time ago.
White lye do not intimate any negligence on fh^
part of the Jailor, we think this should be a war
ing as to whom he opens the doors of the cells for
hereafter:
We direct attention to the notice published in
to-day’s" Virginian, notifying those iftferesteduo-
tliemilk trade with Richmond, to meet in the
County Clerk’s office on Wednesday, the 224 inst*> 1
at 11 o’clock, a. m.
Col. Chas. T. O’Ferrall, delegate, eject to the
Legislature, from Rockingham, arrived in tjjis 1
city on Tuesday, and is stopping af the Virginia
Hotel.
Gen. Echols was in the city a few days last
week, but has returned to Kentucky to look after
the important and gigantic combinations forming
by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Company,
in which he is an influential Director,
Insurance.—We recommend to our readers,
who wish to insure either life or property, our
friend, G. C. Jackson, who is the energetic and
accommodating agent of several responsible com
panies. lie can be found at l(is office in the rear
of Col. D. S. Young’s law office, qn Augusta street,
near the Jail.
The Riqiit Spirit.—Our neighbor, E. W. Har
man, house joiner, rather than discharge his
hands, after liar4work during the summer and
fall, has purchased several lots, and is erecting
buildings thereon, to keep his journeymen em
ployed. That is the right spirit, and must yield
the fruits that grow from good deeds.
Premiums.—Mr. J. F. frenary. florist of this
city, was awarded, at the Augusta county Pair,
the first premium for best collection of cut Solv
ers, or dalftlms; also first premium for best col
lection of green house plants. Mr. Trenary has
a charming array of flowers in his hot-house,
which he expects to greatly enlarge next spring.
We have received the “Southern Planter’s Im
proved stock and Grain Record,’’ publisaed at
Wilmington, Delaware. Wat Farrer, editor. II
is a very entertaining and instructive work and
should be in the hands of every stock raiser and
breeder. Price 50 cents.
Mrs. Gladke’s grand Opening last Saturday,
the 11th, was really the grandest display we ever
had the pleasure of witnessing. The Hats, Bon
nets, Flowers, Feathers, Velvets, Satins and Wed
ding out Fits, were all of the richest and rarest.
Mrs. G. is a Lady of taste, call and see her.
I. Witz and Bro. have received their Fall and
Winter goods, which are equal to any ever open-
ed in this city. Mr. Witz is one of our most en
terprising and useful citizens, and should be lih
era'ily encouraged, as any surplus means he may
have are generally invested in public improve
ment.
New Liquor Store.—We direct attention Jo
tlie advertisement of A. I. Burke, in another
column. Mr. B. has some of the finest liquors
we have ever tested, and especially is his Black
berry Brandy and Ale of very superior quality.
Persons wishing either of these articles for fami
ly use, should not fail to give hint a pall. The
ale is particularly beneficial for females.
Ladies’ Dinner and SurPKR.—Notice is here,
by given, that the Ladies of the Lutheran Con
gregation of this place, intend offering to a gen
erous public, Dinner and Supper, at the Masonic
Hall, on the 27th and 28t.h of the present mon‘h,
Court days. Their object is to raise money for
improving the church, and paying off its present
debt.
Complimentary.—In the publication of the
numerous premiums awarded at our recent Fair,
it was'scarcely to be expected that perfection
could be reached in the enumeration. Among
the omissions, is one which it affords us pleasure
to record, and that is the premium awarded Miss
Lotta Rosenbaum, daughter pfMr. Louis Rosen
baum, of this city, of first premium for Wax
Flowers. The specimen was the object of gen
eral admiration, and evinced fine artistic taste
on the part of the fair young lady.
Star Saloon.—Our frieud, W. Kiuney, at the
Star Saloon, on Augusta street, at tfie Bridge,
has opened in connection with his house, a Res
taurant, where he furnishes the best oysters,
served up in any desired style. His eating apart
ments have the appearance of a neatly furnished
parlor, ornamented with beautiful oil and clu-o
mo paintings, and presenting an air of cleanli
ness which really gives zest to the appetite. Ev.
erything is quiet and orderly, and the host po
lite and accommodating.
The ‘'Augusta News” is the name of a two page
newspaper just started at Waynesboro, in this
county, by James H. Heiser. Price ijiSl per an
num. We are pleased to see this evidence of en
terprise and public spirit on the part of the citir
zens of “Little Tammany,” and vicinity. The
News will do much to bring into notice the mag
nificent natural advantages of that portion of the
oounty. We wish the enterprise an abundant
success.
Mountain Whisijy.—Says the Richmond Whig,
the finest whisky made in this country is that
distilled from rye in tlio county of Angusta. At
the late State Fair there were several samples on
exhibition, either of which could have been adopt
ed as a standard of purity and perfection, but
the judges, after much tasting and deliberation,
awarded the premium to Mr. R. W. Burke, of
Staunton. It has been often suggested that the
health of the people would be promoted by pro
hibiting the sale of any whisky that did not equal
in quality the fine products of the Augusta stills.
Yet if only whisky like Burke’s could be obtain
ed, would not the temptation to imliide be large
ly increased It is because there is certain death
in most of the “whisky” sold, that many persons
are forced to be cautious, if not temperate.
Papeb. Mill.—One of the most profitable and
important manufacturing enterprises that could
be started in our city, would be a paper mill,
with machinery to turn out all descriptions of pa
per; iii'jiudiDg-jiews, book, writing, letter and
wrapping paper. We are convinced such an estab
lishment would receive liberal encouragement,
not only in Virginia and West Virginia, but fur
ther South. We are satisfied, that no investment
would pay better. It is a cash business, \yhiclj is
an important desideratum, especially in extensive
operations. We have the water power; now let
some of our men of means and push take hold of
the matter and bring it to a successful consumma
tion. We will have something to say hereafter on
this subject.
Important Letter.
Johnson City, Nov. 1, 1871. Jg
S. M. Wilkes, Staunton, Va.
Dear Sir The set of Furniture X bought of
you has arrived all right. Many thanks for the
careful manner in which you had it packed. I
find it much oheaper and better than 1 can buy in
this section.
Very Respectfully,
nov 16-tf W. p. MILLER.
W. S. Frist committed suicide iu Wilming
ton, Delaware. The causes assigned for the
act, are love, opium and whiskey—either one
of which, taken in excess, was sufficient ex
cuse.
The Iforth Platte (Nebraska) Democrat
raises the names of Thomas A. Scott, of
Pennsylvania, for President, and B. Gratz
Brown, of Missouri, lor Vice President.
Rev. John M. Pilcher has accepted a call
from the Baptist churphes at Healing Springs
and Covington.
Calvin Plankinship, of Skin Quarter, Ches
terfield county, lame in one foot and in one
arm, walked ten miles barefooted, to vote the
Conservative ticket. There is pluck for you.
Judge Bond, in the Street Car Case, in
Baltimore, has instructed the jury, fh^t if
they found the plaintiff was put put of the car
on account of his color, and for no other rear
son, then he is entitled to recover.
Dr. Robinson, a distinguished physician
of Baltimore, and souJnrlaw of William
Wirt, the great Virginia lawyer, died, at
the county seat of Ross Winans, near Bal
timore, last week, of consumption, aged 63
I peat's.
Boss Tweed has resigned his city office.
Geneva' iD’Switzerland,‘it seems is shar
ing the fate of Chicago. At last account a
great part of the city was in flames.
A conspiracy has been discovered in Paris
to abduct Theirs, and restore the Napoleon
dynasty.
Hon. Thomas M. Norwood, moderate dem
ocrat., has been elected U. S. Senator from
Georgia.
The Democrats gain 2Q members in the
Massachusetts Legislature.
The hog cholera is prevailing in Rock-:
bridge with fatal results.
It is believed in New York that Boss
Tweed is preparing to flep the country. He
is closely watched.
Horatio Seymour, the Peipocratic can
didate for President, in 1868, has been
elected tp the Assembly of New York.
A train of cars on the Northern Missou
ri Railroad, was thrown off the track on
the 10th, killing two soldiers and wound
ing 20 or 30 more.
Geo. Botts, who murdered “Pet” Hal
stead, in a baudy house in Newark, N. J.
has been sentenced to be hanged on the
21st of December.
A check was paid on Rie lltli, at the
First National Bank of Richmond, for $3,T
600 which had beed altered from $600.—:
The perpetrator of t^e fraud had no,t been
heard of at last accounts.
There will be a meeting of the stock
holders of the Shenandoah Valley Rail
road at Front Royal, on the 14th of Decem
ber, to transact important business.
Dr. Farr, of the British general registre
office, thinkggluttony the growing gip of our
age, and states that more people die nowa
days from gout than from delerium tremens.
How isIt?—How is it that Mr. Daniels
adits a paper in Richmond and runs for the
senate in the Loudon District! Waere
f es he claim his domicil!
lIoRRlgLE BpicnERY.—On the morning
>f tiie 12th, a family qampd Parks was found
nurde.cd in .-heir Wasp, pV Hepryville, In
liana. The family fonf,,sted PyrusT ,W‘
Parks and wife, Isa^la, so^-Jqho,
igcd ten years, and daughters, Eve...nft-
md Ellen, aged 15. The heads of ail were j
errible beaten and crushed by some blunt in
strument.
The brains of Mrs. Parks and son were
scattered over the room, while their bodies
were lying in their beds The daughters
wereTound sitting in the kitchen alive, but
delirious and fatally hurt. The neighbors
heard shots in the night, but the bodies bear
no bullet marks. No clue to the perpetra
tors.
Marriages,
In Staunton, on the 7th of Nov., by the Rev.
George B Taylor, George R. Evans to Miss Ann
E. Bickle.
On Nov. 8th, near Millboro Springs, by Rev. II.
p. Kennedy, John S. Dickinson and Miss Lizzie
P. Poster, all of Bath county..
On the 8th, inst.. in Harrisonburg, by Rev. A.
J. Weddell, Dr. Wig, O. Hill, and Miss Willie
anna, daughter of Geo. W. Effinger, Esq., all of
Harrisonburg.
On October 31st, at. Stonewall Jackson Insti
tute, Abingdon, Vs., by Revs. 8. D. Stuart and
E. H. Barnett, Henry. S. Preston, Esq., and
Miss Mart Stuart, daughter of Rev. S. D. Stuart.
On the 2nd inst. at the residence of the bride’s
parents, by Rev. R. A. Blackford, Thomas Mc
Creery, of Monroe co., IV. Va.. to Miss Kate M_t
S., daughter of Joseph C. and Charity S. Nichol,
of Harrison co., W. Va. The above couple grad
uated at the Instution fortheD., D. and Blind, at
this place, several years ago.
On the 30th tilt., at the residence of the bride’s
father, by Rev. Wra. Buckiew, Dennis Winner,
of Pendleton. W. Va.. and Catharine E. Kline,
of Rockingham co., Va.
On the 2nd inst., hy the Rev. Michael B. Kline,
Philip Ready and Mrs Matilda C. Lanpes,
both of Rockingham co.
On the 25th ult., by Eider F. M. Perry, Alfred
A, McKay, of Lynchburg, and Miss Annie E.
McKay, of Luray.
On the morning of the 15th, in this city, by
Rev. W. E. Baker, Mr. W. H. Weller, and Miss
Maqoik S., daughter of Alex. II. Taylor, Esq.,
all of Staunton.
Le*ipgton qnd Richmond papers copy.
On the morning of the loth, in Waynesboro’,
at the residence of the bride’s father, by Rev. S.
J. Baird, Capt. Frank B. Berkely, of the firm of
Trout, Berkeley and Striding, Staunton, and Miss
Jennie, daughter of the officiating minister.
Deaths,
Departed this life Nov. 4th, Martha Westbrook,
wife of Wm. C. Price, of Harrisonburg, in Hie
46th year of her age.
At the residence of her husband, Mr. R. A. IIou
dershell—in Fauquier co., Va., on the9lh instant,
Mrs Mattie E. Hoddershei.l—daughter of
Maurice and Eliza Parker, of Staunton, (former
ly of Winchester, Va.)—in the 28th year of
her age.
She died in the triumph of faith in Christ, and
with a full assurance of her acceptance with
God. She leaves an infant and her husband and
many friends to mourn her death. Her remains
were interred in Thornrose Cemetery, Staun
ton, on last Saturday.
Markets,
STAUNTON MARKETS, Oct 20.
Corrected every week by P. B. Hoge Bkq.
WHOLESALE PRICES.
Flour, Super..$00,00@ $G,7q
Extra,. $00,00© $7,25
Family,. $00,00© $7,75
Wheat,. $1,40
Corn,.$ ,70
.45
Oats,
Rye,..$ ,80
Bacon—Hog round. 13c
.15c
Lard,
Butter,.
Corn ,'MeaJ.
Salt,
00c 20c
00®15
90c
1,25
'.$3,;
Sugar—Brown,.■..12c
Crushed,.16c
Granulated,...16c
Powdered,..,....,,..’., 16c
Molasses,.50@$1,25
Tea—black,. $2,00
Green,.$2,50
Flaxseed,....,..:.$1/20
Zell’s Ammpniated Bppe Super Phosphate,$60
Plaster—ground,.. ,,..$11,00
RICHMOND MARKET.
Corrected every week by P. B. sl P. A. Sublett,
Flour—Super,...,,.. ,.8,00©.$ 0.00
Extra,.....,*•$ 7-i 0,00
Family,.8,50©$ 0,00
Wheat, red,. $1,65@1,65
Wheat, white, .,1,90@1,90
.j78
Corn,
Oats,
,.59c
Bacon—Hog rounJ..*2 @00c
t .loc
Lard.
Butter,
Eggs,.'...
Tallow,
.20@c25
,.20©30''
.StoOc
BAITIMORE CATTLE MARKET, Nov. 9.
Prices to day for Beef Cattle ranged as folic .vs:
Best Beeves at 5,00 a $5,75 first quality at 4,50
a $5,00; medium of good fair quality at 8,87 J a
$4,50 ordinary thin Steers, Oxen and Cop s at
3,00 a $3,871; inferior and lowest grades of Cat
tle 2,75 a $3*00—general average of the market
to-day$4,62 j. Ex(.reine range of prices 2,75 a
$5,75. Most of the sales were from 4,00 to $5,00
per 100 lbs. Total sales of the week 2279 head.
Sheep._Pripes are without material thange.
We quote fair to good at 4a5j cents per lb gross.
Stock Sheep dull at 2,25 a $3,25 per head, as tc
quality. Receipts this week 1976 head,
Hogs-_There is a slight decline on the bettei
grades since last week. We now- quote at 5,i5 t
S6,38 per 100 lbs net. Receipts this week 76-li
Jiead.
Business Notices.
If you want a tine calf-skin., Baltimore Bjjal,
call on Geo. A. Smith, who has just received,
G. A. Smith has the finest assortment of Ladies'
home-made shoes ever offered in Staunton,
nov 16—4t.
For the celebrated copppr-tipped shpps for
misses apd children, go to Geo. t\. Sjnitji.
nov 16—li.
For a good soft shoe, hoipe-iptple, for elderly
ladies, go to Q. A. Smith's. nov 1G 4t.
Geo. A. Smith hps the largest assortment of
hrogan shoes and Boots for Boy3 and Mens ever
broqgbt to this city. nov 10-4t.
Hats of all discript ions, for Men and Boys, at
Geo. A. Smith’s, very cheap. nov lG-4t.
Men’s Ilats at Geo. A. Smith's for ~5 cents,
nov 16—4t.
Geo. A. Smith manufactures more ladies’, iqiss
es’ and children’s shoes, than any othor house in
the valley. pov 16-4t
Buy your Desks, Furniture, Carpets, &c., from
the regular Furniture House of S. M. Wilkes.
Wood —Those of our subscribers who desire
to pay their subscriptions in Wqod, will please
bring it in as soop as possiblp.
Cigars—all grades at Armentrout Co’s.
Ten thousand bushels prime wheat wanted by
P. P- A. Sublett.
N. B. Hendry got the first premium at the coup
ly'Fair, for finp calfskin Poofs,. nov 2—tf
ytgr- 20 different kinds of chewing Tobacco—
ajl grades—at Armentrout Co’s.
Blepty pf Shoe findings, leather and Shoe Tools
always kept for sale by N. B, IJepdry, at the
Factory. nov 2—tf.
10) different grades smoking Tobacco at
Armentrout Co’s.
Go to C. L. Weller’s for Ladies, Misses, Chil
drens, Mens, Boys, and Gent’s Boots and Shoes,
aug 17—tf
The largest stock and greatest variety of
walking canes ever offered in Staunton—frolil
25c to $10 at Armentrouts Co’s
B. Y. B S. H. at Clms. L. Weller’s Boot,
Suo.'nnd Hat Emporium, Main street,
flug i7 -,f
Go to N. B. hjndi’7 for Premium course Boots,
and he will give you a premium on your s^epie.
nov 2 —tf.
Wooden Pipes with stems, only 5 and 10
cents, at Armentrout Co’s.
The first premium was awarded toN. B. Hen
dry at the Augusta County Faff fpr Ladies’ Gait
ers and Ladies’ Walking Shoes. nov 2-tf.
C. L. Weller keeps constantly on hands, Ladies,
Misses and Childrens Shoes, of A. M. Simpson s
manufacture, and is prepared to fill orders at
short notice. aug 17—tf
W. J. Points is largely engaged in Roofing and
spouting, and filling all orders at the shortest no
tice. He is not only prepared to comply with all
demands in his line but to furnish every descrip
tion of tin-ware. &c., on call, at his store on
main street. oct 12—tf.
Benson's Salalem Broth not only cures all di
seases of the skin, such as Tetter, Ringworm, &c.,
but removes all l’imples, Blotches, Freckles, Tan,
and bleaches the skin to that perfect cleanliness
and purity which constitute a really beautiful
complexion. For sale by all Druggists,
nov 16-2t
One of the most, economical and useful inven
tion now in use, is tlieCasket Heater, for heating
four rooms with one fire, for sale by W. J. Points,
main strut. It is not only economical and use
ful, but ornamental. In these times of high
wood and coal prices, comfort can be secured at
little expense by getting otic of the Heaters,
oct 12—tf.
The Nonpariel Cooking Stove for sale by W J.
Points, main street, one door from Dr. Chapman’s
Dental office, is the standard with all good house
wives in the State. For capacity andec.oinomy it
has no superior. We have had in use, for the
past six months, one of the Nonpariels,and there
fore know what we say. It is a splendid baker,
and indeed answers every purpose of a first-class
cooking stove. oct 12—tf.
Quantity v*. Qjalitt.—Dooley's Yeast Powder
stands pre-eminent in market as being the only
Baking Powder that is free from injurious sub
stances. Not only this, but each package con
tains pie full quantity represenied, while the quali
ty is far superior to all others. Dooley’s least
Powder will produce from twenty-five to fifty per
cent, more good bread, rolls, biscuits, pastry,
&c., than those of other manufactures, while it is
always convenient to have it in the house, and is
reliable and economical. If you have not tried
it, ask for it at your Grocer’s, and take no other.
Prices of Furniture Greatly Reduc
ed.—Persons wanting Fqrpiture would do well
to call on J. A. Y. M. Bickel before purchasing
elsewhere, as we are determined to sell our goods
as cheap, if not a little cheaper, than can be
bought in the city. We are now receiving a
large lot of new and stylisl) furniture, purchased
in the Eastern cities for cash, and will sell for
cash for less than any other house in Staunton.
Give Uo a call.
We keep always on hand a large supply of
cane and wood spat chairs, bureaus, bedsteads,
washstands, tables, lounges, matresses, and par
lor and chamber sets in walnut, maliogony and
oak, manufactured in our shop of dry material
and by the best of workmen. Give us a call.—
Guarantee work to suit and prices to fit
Fisk’s metric cases and caskets aitvays on
hand. Undertaking promptly attended to.
Main street, Staunton, one door above Luther
an church. oct 26-tf
Special Notices.
BE GUIDED BY WHAT YOU KNOW.
There is an old proverb which says, “Exper.
ience is the safest guide.” To this guide the sick
and ailing naturally H»m when casting about for
the means of relief. They enquire what a medi
cine has done for others, before they adopt it
themselves. Of all the remedies and preventives
in use, Ilostetter’s Stomach Bitters meets the test
most triumphantly, and hence its immense popu
larity and vast sales. The sufferer from indiges
tion is sure to find some one among his friends
who has been cured af this ailment by the famous
vegetable stomachic The victim 4f fever an
age, liver complaint, constipation, nervious prosr
tration, or general debility, has only to make ind
quiry in the neighborhood where he resides in
order to discover what this stanard restorative
has effected in cases similar to his own. In the
published testimony to its merits he will find v
volume of proofs of its sanitary properties, which
it is imposible for his common sense to resist.—
He tries it, and the effect it produces on his sys
tem adds another to the host of witnesses in its
favor. Thus, its reputation, founded on facts,
not assertions, continually grows and spreads.
Charlatans and impostors, some of them mere lo
cal tricksters, and others who take a somewhat
wider range, attempt to thrust into the hands and
down the throats ef invalids, their haphazard
concoctions, as substitutes for the tonic which
for so many years has been a medicinal staple
throughout the United States, Spanish America,
Canada, and the Wesi, Indies, but only succeed to
a very limited extent. In this reasoning age,
the people, having ascerteined what is really de
serving of their confidence, decline, “running af
ter gtrange gods.”
It is sq,id that if a puff of air were to be blown
into a vein of an animal, death would instantane
ously follow, because circulation would be stop
ped. The blood makes the entire circuit of the
human body every seven minutes, and whenever
this circulation is impeded or any of its channels
i are clogged by impurities whicfi ought to be car
ried off, disease follows—fever or a disorded of
liver or kidneys, or scrofula, or dyspepsia. To
k get Jit and remove the source of the difficulty use
the old and infallible blood purifier, Dr. 'Wal
ter's California Vinegar Bitters, dw.
Commission’s Notices.
^oiuintesioner*!
tile risintl.
-s Sate of Vali:a
_ -By; vli-tub of a depree or.
theCircuit. Court' of Augusta county, 'rendered
on the 17th day of June, 1871, in the suit of
Mowry’s widow and ala. vs. Motyry’s 'fccirs, &c.,
the undersigned as special Commissioner '(.liprein
named, will proceed to sel\ at public auction, on
he premises, on
FRIDAY, THE 22ND OF SEPTEMBER, 1871,
a valuable tract of land containing 322 ACRES,
lying about 7 miles East of Staunton, on the
New Hope road, it being known as the home
farm of Gep. W. Mowry, deceased, and the same
upon which his widow resides.
This is one of the best farms in Augusta coun
ty—the land of excellent quality, well enclosed,
and in a tine state of cultivation. It has upon it
a tine Brick Mansion IIousp. a rood barn and all
other necessary out buildings.
TERMS OF SALE.—Enough cash in hand to
pay costs of sale, and the residue in four equal
annual payments from day of sale, the purchaser
executing his bonds with approved personal se
curity for the deferred payments, and the title
retained as ultimate security.
0 M. COCHRAN, Jr.,
aug 34-tds Commissioner.
^Os1p»n«mc»t.v^l« aVpTe sale has
boon postponed till FRIDAY, the lith day of
NOVEMBER. Geo. M. Cociiran, Jr.,
nov 9-tds Commissioner.
riGniittissioncr’s Sale of ValuaSiIe
O I.aml Near Staunton.
By virt-qe of a decree of the Circuit Court of
Augusta County, entered June 15th, 1871, in the
suit of McMahpn and others vs. Nunan and oth
ers, the undersigned Commissioner, appointed by
decree entered in said cause at November Teim,
1871, will proceed upon the premises, on
TUESDAY, the 12 ill day of DECEMBER
nest, at eleven o’clock, a. m. to sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, the several tracts
owned by John Nunan, and constituting the
tract on which he resides, containing together
about 310 Acres, 2 knolls «n(i a3 Poles.
This lqnd lies on the Staunton and ijiddlebrook
road, about tl,rec miles from Staunton, adjoining
the lands of flenry Harrison, C. C. Francisco and
others, and is most desirable property.
Persons desiring to examine the land will ap
ply to Mr. Nunan on the premises, or to the un
dersigned.
TERMS OF SALE.
Cash in hand sufficient to pay the costs of suit
and sale, and for the balance on credits of one,
two and three years, with interest from the day of
sale, for which bond3, with good personal securi
ty will be required, and a lien retained on the
property as ultimate security.
v F 3 II. M. BELL,
nov 9-tds Commissioner,
Valuable Land For Sale.—In pm
suance of a decree of the Circuit Court or
Augusta county, rendered in the cause of Mc
Comb vs. Thomas A. Turk and others, at the last
June term, I will sell, on the premises, on SAT
URDAY, THE 2ND OF DECEMBER, 1871, at
puolie sale, to the highest bidder, the tract of
land on which said Thomas A. Turk formerly
resided, situated in said county, on Meadow Run,
about 7 miles from Staunton, containing
ABOUT 251J ACRES,
yiore or le^. It stands among the first-class
farm1* °f the county, has on it a brick mansion
house, i^Tvi*her barn, iir.d good improvements gen
erally. It is ,?eldom that such an estate is put
up at autcion. Sale <o commence at. 11 o’clock.
TERMS.—Costs of sale and suit in hand and
balance on equal instalments at six, eighteen,
thirty and forty-two months, bearing interest,
purchaser to give bonds with sufficient personaj
security, and title to be retained U3 ultimate se
curity.
Nov. 2—4w
N. K. TROUT,
Commissioner.
'tommies5<>iier"s Sale of Honse
and liOt in the city of Stann
m -By virtue of a decree of the Hustings
,uit of the city of Staunton, rendered on the
Ith day of August, 1871, in ilie suit of n. c.
igby vs. John Mealy, the undersigned as spcc
l Commissioner herein named, will proceed to
II, at public auction, in front of the Court-house,
the city of Staunton, on
FRIDAY, the 24th day of NOVEMBER, 18il,
House and Lot in the northern part, of the city
1 Staunton, fronting fifty feet, on the McAda
ized road, and running back 120 feet, now oc
ipiedby John Mealy, (colored.)
TERMS OF SALE.—Enough cash m hand to
ty aosts of suit, and sale and the residue in
reje, equal payments, at 8, 12, and 20 mouths
onj date of sale, for deferred payments, and ti
e retted as iiUiuiute ^[^ARRISON,
nov 2-tds Commisssoner.
November 2, 18T1.
y 1-^
H
as
H
a
K

s
H


H3
kJ
fed
hj
w
1—1
fej
H
TMsSOllltjOU.—Th<! partnership heretofore
I J existing between S. D. Timberlake
J. J. D^wes has been dissolved by mutual eon
Sen_Mr. D#wes. withdrawing to engage in busi
ness in Lexington, Va.
S. D. Timberlake will continue at the old stand.
Thankful for the liberal patronage extended to
the late firm, he hopes to merit a continuance of
tire same by fair dealing. nov 9-3t
JOB MOS^S’
Sir James Clark's Female Fills.
These invaluable Pills are unfailing in the cure
of all those painful and dangerous diseases to
which the female constitution is subject. They
moderate all excesses and remove pll obstruc
tions, frem whatever cause.
TO MARRIED LADIES
hey are particularly suited. They will in a short
ime bring on the monthly period with regulari
y and although very powerful, contain nothing
hurtful to the constitution. In all cases of Ner
vous Spinal Affections, Vains in the Back and
Limbs, Fatigue on slight exertion, palpitation o
the Heart, Hysterics nhd Whites, they will eftec
a cure when all other means have failed. The cir
culars around each package give full directions
and advice, or will be sent free to all writing for
them, sealed from observation.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
It is the fate of every truly valuable medicine to be
COUNTERFEITED. Job Moses’ Sir James
Clark's Female nils are extensively counterfeited.
The genuine have the name of’’JOR MOSES” on
each package. All others are worthless. Dishonest
Druggists endeavor to sell the counterfeits to make
greater profits.
jj. B._In all case1 where the genuine cannot
f be obtained, One Dellar enclosed to the Sple Pro
prietor, JOB MOSES, 18 Cortlapdt street, New
York, will insure a bottle of the genuine, contain
ing Fifty Pills, by return mail securely sealed
from anjy knowledge of its contents.
Miscellaneous.
The only reliable Gift Distribution in the country.
$60,000 00
IN VALUABLE QIFTS l
TO BE DISTRIBUTED W
la. H« SIHE'*JS
152nd REGULAR MONTHLY"•
^flFT f^KTTSBPHISE
To be drawn Monday, Nov. 27th, 1871
TiVO GRAND CAPITALS OF
$5000 eaoii in Greenbacks
Two 1’rizKs $1,0003
Five Prizes $500 2 J LBEETiBACKS!
Ten Prizes $!00 y
WHOLE NUMBER OF CASH GIFTS, 1,000!
1 Horse and Buggy, with Silver mounted Har
ness, worth $6001
One Fine-toned Rosewood Piano, worth $500!
Ten Family Sewing Machines, worth §1C0 each
Five Heavy Cased Gold Hunting Watches and Heavy.
Gold Chains, worth $800 each!
Five Gold American Hunting Watches, worth
$125 each!
Ten Ladies’ Gold Hunting Watches, worth $100
each!
800 Gold and Silver. Lever Hunting Watches (in all)
worth from $20' to $300 each.
Lad’os’ Gold Lcontine Chains, Gent’s Gold Vest
Chains, Silver-plated Castors, Solid Silver and
Double-Plated Table and Teaspoons, Ivory-Han
dled Dinner Knives, Silver-plated Dinner Forks,
Silver Vest Chains, Photograph Albums, Ladles"
Gold Breast Pins and Ear-rings, Gents’ Gold
Breastpins. Shirt. Studs and Sleeve Buttons, Fin
ger-rings, Gold Pens, (silver extension,) etc.
Whole number Gifts, 6,000. Tickets limited
to 60,000.
AGENTS WASTE!) lo sell Tickets,
3'ibernl Premiums will be paid.
to trboy^
Single Tickets $1 Si- Tickets $5; Twelve
Tickets $10 Twenty-five Tickets $20.
ChcaUrs pertaining a full list of prizes, a de
scription c-f the mapner of drawiner, and other
information in reference to the Distribution, will
be sent to any one ordering them. All letters
must be addressed to
office, L. D. SINE, Box 86,
101 W. 5th St., Cincinnati, Ohio,
sept 28-tnov 2I-y
’57'IRGINIA.—County Court Clerk’s Oflict of
Augusta County, in Vacation, October 4th)
1871.
Hugh W. Sheffey and Hugh W. Sheffey anti
James Bumgardner, Jr., partners under the styl.
of Sheffey Bumgardner, Plaiutias;
vs.
Goorge IV. Livies, Henry Livick, John Gordon
and Sarah,, his wife, T. F. R. Keller and Frances,"
his wife, Mary Livick, Sarah Livick, and Teter
Livick, Andrew J. Livick, John Livick, Era Liv
ick and Angeline Livick, the last,named five b»
ing iufant (by Wm. A. Burnett, their Guardian,
ad litem) children of Andrew Livick, deceased,
and personal representative of said Andrew LrU
ick, deceased, and. Michael Livick, Def’li.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of this suit is to recover from tie
defendants the sum of.$762,02 due to the plain,
tiffs, and it appearing by affidavit, made and filed
that the defendant', Mary Livick and Henry Liv
ick are not residcr. 3 of this State, the said defen
fendants are required tQ appear within one month
after due publication of this order, in the Clerk's
office of our said Court, and do what is necessary
to protect their interest.
A copy—Teste,
WM. A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Meade F. White, for complainants. oct 26-4t
'SryiStGINIA:
At a Court held for the County of Bath,
at tho Court-House, thereof, on Monday, the 2nd
day of October, 1871.
It being suggested to the Court that the Presi
dent and Directors of the Mirlboro’ and Warm
Springs Turnpike Company, have abandoned tha
said Hoad, to VYit: Commencing at Millboro’
Depot, on the Virginia Centra'. Railroad (now tho
Chesapeake and Ohio Kailroad) in Bath county,
to intersect the Warm Springs Mountain Turn
pike at or near Mrs. Brinkley’s, in said County:.
It is ordered that the fact of such abandonment,
and notice thereof is hereby required to be given,
by advertisement in the Valley Virginian”
newspaper printed in the Town of Staunton, one#
a week for eight successive weeks, and posted on
the front door of the Court-House of thi.s county,
upon some court day, and of the intention of
this Court to take charge of the said Iload, and
that if, after the lapse of three months from the
date of the first appearance of said advertise
ment, the said Turnpike Company shall not Lav#
proceeded to repair and keep up said road, this
Court will take possession of the same, that Sur
veyors may be appointed, and hands assigned;
thereto, and the said road treated in ail respeots,
as a County Road.
A oepy—Teste,
oct 12-8t JVM. II. McDANNALD, Clerk.
Virginia:
At. Rules held in the Cleik's Office of
the Circuit Court for Augusta Countv, October
30th, 1871.
Michael Carmody, Plaintiff,
Against
Richard Johnson and Harry Johnson, Def’ta.
The object of this suit is to reform a deed exe
cuted by Samuel Johnson and Nancy A. his wife;
and to have conveyed to said Plaintiff 2 Acres
and 6 Poles, the deficit.
The defendant, llarry Johnson, not having en
tered his appearance, and it appearing by affida
vit filed that lie is a non-resident of this Stato
It is ordered that he do appear here within one
month after due publication of this notice, and
do what is necessary to protect his interest,
A copy—Teste,
J. N. RYAN, Clerk.
Phillips Effinger, p. q. nov 2-4t
T>|CH JEW ELK ST,
JLL Silver and Plated Ware,
For sale low at the N6w Drug Store,
Dr. Young’s old stand,
New Street.
£tS5“ LVlkteiieS and JEWELRY Repaired in
the best manner. G. 0. YEAKLE.
oct 12-3m
Temple Of Fashion.—Moat Interesting
to Ladies. Just received, the Palpitating Breast
Pad or Artificial Bust, Madam Foss’ Patent Ad
justable Siocking Supporter. Patent Duplex
Ventilated Garter. Madame Demorest’s Stock
ing Suspender for Ladies, Misses and Children,
oat 19—tf K. M. KELLEY.
rjTHE
BEST WHEAT FAN.
We call lire special attention of every Farmer,
that may be in want of a Wheat Fan to the
MORNING STAR FAN,
manufactured at Charlottesville. It is the best
and most snbstanHal Fan ever offered in this
market. Call and examine it at otir store.
july J-tf P.. B. IICiGE BRO.
KCi’OSOSie Oil.—A No. 1 article for sale at
the new Drug store, Dr. Young’s old stand,
oct o-tf C-. C. YEAKLE.
IlJjllier’s (IhoenlatC, Cox’s Gelatine,
.<U> Vanilla and Lemon Extracts Parafine Wax
Candles, Iqj sale by
C. C. WHEAT,
cornier Main and Augusta streets.
JUST received a large assortment of the best
City-made BUTTONED BOOTS for Ladies*
Misses and Children, at C- L. WELLER’S,
may 4-tf Boot, Skae, and Hat Emporium.
(HUeese.—Young America, Tine Apple, and
J N. Y. Stat£ Cutting Cheese on hand and for
sale by 0. C WHEAT.
corner Main and Augusta Streets.
HQRSFORDS BREAD PREPARATION and
DOOLEY’S YEAST POWDERS, on hand
an<( for sale by CHARLES C. WHEAT,
jupe }-tf
CHEAP READING—Cheap editions of Dick
ens, Scott, Wilkie Collins, Thackery,'
O’Donovan and Chas. Read’s Novels, at
n°v^__HUNTER C0.’3.
WINDOW CURTAINS, of all description^
just receiyed and foy sale at
april 27-tf HILB LOEB’S.
GENT’S—Fine Calf SHOES', at
may J-tf (J- r WELLER ft.