i:
Elcuotcu to PoHticB, Citcraturc, agriculture, Science, iHoraliti), cutu eneral 3nielligcuce.
M
j
VOL. 29.
Published by Theodore Sckock.
tjks -To dilUrs a year in advance and if not
tt,l irf.ire Ihe end of the year, two dollars and fifty
rfnti til he cnarpeJ.
j ninr liM-ouiinued until all arrearages are paid,
,.crrf "e tt"" ol the Editor.
,ry ivrtiscinents of one square of (eight tine) or
oie or lhr?e insertions 91 50. Each additional
i.nti n, M cenu. Longer ones in proportion.
J O B I It IN TiTc j
or ALL KI5DS,
E(frBirJ in the highest yle of the Art, and en the
int reasonable terms.
DR. J.LANTZ,
Surgeon and Mechanical Dentist,
St :ilm hi office on Main Street, in the second
rV of Or. S. Walton" brick buiMmg. nearly oppo
';'t!ie sirnuiUbiirg House, and lie flatters himself
i't pijhirfn vears constant practice and the most
irne4 mi rueful attention to all matters pertaining
l pi(.feMon, that he is fully able to perform all
prr uon in the dental line in the most careful, tatte
i k.lM manner.
iner.at mtrntion given to saving the Natural Teeth
to the nifrtion of Artificial Teeth on Rubber,
C, j. S;it or Continuous Gums, and perlect ats la
ft r insured.
Hol pr j ti
-utiuir their work to the inexperienced, or to those
I, hUnce. April 13, 1671. ly
DR. N. L. PECK,
Surgeon Dentist,
Announces lint having just returned from
Denial Collets, he is fully prepared to make
artificial teeth in the most beautiful and life
like manner, and to fill decayed teeth ac
cording to the most iuproved method.
Treih extracted without pain, when de-
rcJ. by the use of Nitrous Oxide Gas,
m hich is entirely harmless. Repairing of
a 1 kinds neatly done. All work warranted.
Charj reasonable.
OSee in J. (J. Keller's new Brick build
ipf, Main Street, Stroudsburg, Pa.
u31-tf
Dr. c. o. norrjiAX, m. i.
WuuM respectfully announce to the
puSlit- that he has removed his office from
((Aland to Canadensis. Monroe County, Pa.
Trusting that many years of consecutive
rrvtice of Medicine and Surgery will be a
"ui.-iont guarantee for the public confidence.
February L'3, 1870. tf.
Ji.MCS II. IV ILTO.V,
At lorn 03 at I.av,
Oruce in the building formerly occupied
ly L M. Uurson, and opposite the Strouds
burg Hank, Main street, btroud.-iburg, Pa.
jan in tf
Q HOLMES, Jr.
f Attorney at Law,
STROUDSBURG, PA.
Oaice, on Main Street, 5 doors above the
S;roaJ?burj House, and opposite fluster's
elothinj store.
CDusines of all kinds attended to with
promptness and fidelity.
May 0, I6G9- tf.
PLASTER
Freh ground Nova Scotia PLASTER,
tStoirV Mills. HEMLOCK BOARDS.
FENCING. SHINGLES, LATH, PA
LING, and POSTS, cheap.
FLOUR and FEED constantly on hand.
Wi 1 exchange Lumber and Plaster for
Grain or piv the highest market price.
BLACKSMITH SHOP j.ist opened by
C. Stun, an experienced workman.
Public trade solicited.
N. S WYCKOFP.
S:ok?s' Mil's, Pj., April 20, 1971.
A.
KOCKAFKLLOW,
DEALER IN
Readv-Madc tiolhing, Gents Fur
nishing Goads, Hats Caps,
Boots Shoes, &e.
EAST STROUDSBURG, PA.
(Near the Depot.)
Tb; public are invited to call and exam
ine frynle. Prices moderate.
Hay c, 1SC9. tf.
A FULL ASSORTMENT
lV OF
HOME MADE CHAIRS
Always on hand at
SAMUEL S. LEE'S
New Cabinet Shop,
fratklin Street Stroudsburg, Penn'a
In rear of Stroudsburg Bank.
April C.'Tl ly.
KEV. EDWARD A. WILSON'S (of Wil
liamlurgh, N. Y.) Recipe for CON.
GUMPTION and ASTHMA carefully com
Founded at
EOLLINSHEAD'S DRUG STORE.
07" Medicines Fresh and Pure.
Nov. 21. 1667. V. HOLLINSHEAD.
0OVT you know that J. II.
McCarty is the only Undertaker in
"iroudsburg who understand? his business!
If not, attend a Funeral managed by any
other Undertaker in town, and yon will see
e proof of the fact. Sept. 1 6, '67.
DO.VT FOKGCT that when
you want any thing in the Furniture
or Ornamental line that McCarty, in the
Odd-Fcliows' Hall, Main Street, Struds
ku'2, Pa., i8 the place to get it. Sept. 20
DO.VT FOOL. YOU It HONEY
away for worthless articles of Furni.
Ure but go to UcCarty's, and you will gel
P'a ior it. Sept. 26, '67
THE BOYS WHO WANT TO BE
Many of our vouth am
the infatuation that city clerkships are
.-w cn-ioie positions, while trades
are not "respectable." Let them learn
that intelligent mechanics have a better
chance of securing wealth, eminence and
influence than the overcrowded clerkships
can afford. The present and last Cover
nor of Connecticut, each, in their boy
hood, learned a trade, and thus became a
thorough master of the business in all its
details, in which each has achieved bril
liant success. The most extensive manu
facturer of silverware in the world, John
Gorbam, of Providence, declined the posi
tion of clerk in the counting-room, that
be might master the trade in bis father's
shop as a regular apprentice, where he
learned thoroughly how to do with his own
bands all that he has since hnrl tn rlirpr.
others in doing. A multitude of similar
facts might be cited to show that the mas
tery of a trade is one of the best prepara
tions for practical life and prosperity in
bn sincss. Clerks are often paid less than
skillful mechanics, and are less independ
ent. In their precarious positions, they
are liable to disappointment and humiliat
ing struggles with the thousands of others
looking for a place. Every advertise
ment for a clerk brines a whole swarm of
applicants. How pitiable the condition
of this super abundence of book-keepers
and exchangers wasting their lives in
"waiting for a place," while our factories,
railroads and trades are clamoring for
educated superintendents, foremen, en
gineers, skillful managers and cunniog
workmen. The position of the educated
and well trained mechanic is far preferable
to that of average city clerks. The latter
may dress better, talk more glibly, bow
more gracefully, not to say obsequiously,
but they compare unfavorably with our
best mechanics in manly independence,
vigor of thought, and strength of charac
ter. Too many of our young men leave the
homestead on adventures less safe and re
liable than the arts of industry. A good
trade is more honorable and remunerative
than peddling maps, books, pictures, pat
ent rights, aod clothes wringers, or in a
city store, to be cash or errand boy, store
sweeper, fire kindler and counter jumper
generally. Without in any way dispar
aging the useful position of the clerk, our
young men may properly be cautioned
against further crowding this already
"plethoric profession." To the boys in
the country, we say, instead of aspiring
to an uncertain and precarious clerkship,
stick to the farm, or learn a trade, and
you will lay the broadest foundation for
ed the opportunities now offered in our
free Fchools can well afford to apprentice
themselves at sixteen years of age, sup
plemeniing their education by evening
schools or by self training in their even
ing and leisure hours. IS. G. NortKrag
in Hearth and Home.
How it Happened The True Story of
Chicago's Ruin.
Now, this thing has gone just far en
ough. We haven't been able to pack up
au exchange during the last four weeks
without seeing something about Mrs.
Leary and her cow. We submit with
threadbare petitence, that for the first six
teen or eighteen thousand times it will
all do very well but when it comes to
making a habit of it, it is time to 'Met
up." llasu't Mrs. Leary made innumer
able solemn affidavis to the effect that her
lamp wasn't kicked over and that she
was in bed and asleep when the fire broke
out 1 and hasn't she caused the same to
be printed in all the city papers, and scat
tered broadcastover the land So where's
the use 1
The truth of the matter is just here
While Mrs. Leary, or O'Leary (both
readings being adopted), denies the al
leged fact, she gives no solution of the
case in lieu thereof; so the press, holding
to the niaxii that "a bird in the hand is
worth two in bush," continued to hawk
about this same story. Now, to set the
matter forever at rest, we propose to give
the vera acta, obtained from indisputable
authority, but which have thus far been
kept secret, lest the persons engaged in
it should suffer some legal penalty for the
legal consequences which their careless
necs brought about.
The story is a short one. The cow was
being milked at uight; she did kick the
lamp over; the lamp did set fire to the
6table, which caused the conflagration.
It happened this wise A gay party was
gathered at a house near Mrs. Leary's.
Duriog the evening some milk was want
ed, and there was none in the house, and
of course, none was to be bought, it be
ing Sunday night. Finally it was pro
posed by oue of the party to make a
"draft" on Mrs. Leary's cow without her
knowledge. The proposition was cccept
ed, aod a gay bevy repaired to the stable
for the purpose ot putting it into execu
tion, with what result the whole world
knows.
These are the facta. Chicago Mail.
A Chicago boot black recently appear
ed in Detroit; and bought a $503 lot, for
which,, he paid in fractional currency,
mainly of the denomination of ten. cents,
and which it took three hours to count.
is ouly !eveq years old, and rays he
made this money in boot blacking iu three
years.
STROUDSBURG, MONROE COUxNTY, PA., DECEMBER
Brigham Young and Four of His Wives.
George Alford Townsed writes from
Utah to the Cincinnati Commcrical
Brigham Young's most noted wife is
it t 1 i.
cauea Amelia she is a vivacious, spirited
woman, about thirty-two years old, Ameri
can born, and without children. Another
of. the President's wives is Mrs. Decker,
who retains indications f much former
beauty, and her daughters are the hand
somest of Brigham's children. The old
gentleman looks out well for avocations
for his sons-in-law, and it is said that in
his will he has divided all his property
into seven hundred shares, giving the
bulk of it to the church, aod distributing
the rest equally among his families.
I saw Brigham at the Social Hall, on
the occasion of my last visit here, bid
four of his wives adieu. The old gentle
man had been dancing, but had fatigued
the legs of seventy years, and he ap
proached the cluster of his helpmates,
buttoned up in a bine overcoat with a
white vest underneath, a red wooleu com
forter around his neck, and a worn silk
hat in his hand. lie looked verv larrre.
j O
square, and bland, and he said with ten
dernesss and diginty, shaking each by
the hand "My dear, I bid you good
nignt i
The wives, crowdincr nn with nnn.irent
emulation, asked if it was his wish that
they also should accompany him home.
"No," said Brigham, "stay as long as
you please. I will have the carriage
come back and wait for you at the door
below. Goodnight!"
They were all middle aged women, com
mon place, but cheerful Brigham, it is
asid, objects to his wives dancing round
dances. It is wonderful that a Mormon
with half a dozen wires can be jealous
or fastidious about each of them,
and yet I have heard people here
fly into a passion because their wives
were spoken to on the street by
strangers or stared at. The only case
of assassination, chargeable with any de
gree of probability to the Mormons, was
that of Brassficld, a toemaster, shot dead
in the streets of Salt Lake for selling a
Mormon's furniture, and proposing to
elope upon the proceeds of it with a wife.
Godbe, who hates Brigham Young sin
cerely, has four wives, besides one di
vorced. Since he has been "cut off" from
the Church, he has contemplated the ex
ample of radical monogamy. "And yet,"
says Godbe, "I love all my wives so equal
ly, and they all love me so harmoniously,
that I cannot pick out the one to stay or
those who must go." j
"Consider me Smith.
There is a very good story in the pa
pers of the trick which was played by
Dr. Cadwell, formerly of the University
of North Carolina.
The doctor was a small man, and lean,
but is hard aod anguar as the most irre
gular of pine knots.
He looked as though he might be
tough, but he did not seem strong.
Neverthlcss he was among the knowing
ones, reputed to be as agile "as a cat j"
aod in addition, was by no means deflcient
in knowledge of the "noble science of
self-defence." Well, in the Freshmen
class of a certain year was burly beef
mountaineer of eighteen or nineteen.
This genius conceived a great contempt
for old Bolus' pbystcial dimensions, and
be was horrified that one so deficient in
muscle should be so potential in his rule.
Poor Jones that's what we'll call
him, had no more idea of moral force.
At any rate he was not inclined to knock
under and be controlled despotically by a
man be imagined he could tie and whip.
At length he determined to give the gen
tleman a genteel, private thrashing, some
night on the College Campus, pretending
to mistake him for some fellow student.
Shortly alter, on a dark and rainy
night, Jones tueot the doctor crossing the
Campus. Walking up to him abruptly
"Hello, Smith? you rascal is this
you
And with that he struck the old gen
tleman a blow on the side of his face that
nearly felled bim.
Old Bolus said nothing but squared
himself, and at it they went. Jones'
youth, weight and muscle made him au
"ugly customer," but after a round or two
the doctor's science began to tell, and in
a short time he had knocked his antago
nist down, and was a straddle of his chest,
with one band on his throat, and the oth
er dealing vigorous cuffs on the side of
his head. "Ah stop I beg pardon, doc
tor Doctor Caldwell a mistake for
heaven's sake, doctor groaned Jones,
who thought he was about to be eaten up
I -I really thought it was Smith I"
The doctor replied with a word and a
blow alternately
"It makes no difference, for all present
purposes consider me Smith!"
And, it is said, that old Bolus gave
John such a pounding, then and there, as
probably prevented his ever makiog au
other mistake as to personal identity, at
least on the College Campus.
A Lady of our city was astonished upon
observing that her colored servant girl
was possessed of seven silk dresses.
"You see, you quality folks everybody
knows ia quality, but we bettermost kind
of eullud pursons has to iress smart to
distinguish ourselves irooi common Big-gers."
A Tormented Woman,
lam pestered with offers. Now I nve
er offered to marrv a man. I never had
the presumption to say a gentleman. "If
you will do my exclusive companion for
iife, I will support you I will be a moth
er to your children. As to congeniality,
why I've only see you in company dress,
buy you please in that, and I'll take it for
granted thet in all their intricacies and
complications our natures will come into
perfect sympathy and consanguinity with
each other." But men will make such
propositions after a six week's acquaint
ance, when in reality they know no more
of the woman whom they ask to marry
them than they do of the man in the
moon. There are men who will propose
marriage to us, whose business would
keep them two thirds of the time in the
wilds of the continent. They seem to
imagine that the honor of their name and
alii ance would be a sufficient compensa
tion for a life spent two-thirds in the con
dition of grass widowhood, or of one en
tirely subject to the provisions of the
backwooks. There are others, confirmed
invalids, who, because we are pleasing to
them, elect us to the station of their
nurses for life. Others are as poor as
poverty, yet not for a moment do they
hesitate to offer us shares in their like
poverty. You men are deluded on this
subject of matrimony. You meet a wo
man attractive to you, and forthwith you
conclude that the be-all and end all of
her existence here is a place in your own
private cage, where she is to sinjr for your
own exclusive benefit. We pronose soon
to take a hand in this world's little game;
we're tryiog to learn from your how
you've managed so long and so success
fully to stock the cards we propose to
trump our share of the tricks and see that
the honors are more equally divided we
may not all vote, or shriek, or officiate as
platform statuary for a Stanton or an An
thony, but things are working; a new
deal all around i3 being quietly snuffled
out, and in a year ar two some of your
gentlemen who deem all a woman s fitness
to be for making your beds, cooking your
food, scrubbing your floors, and rocking
your cradles, will be astonished by the
positions held by us. Letter to San
rancisco Chronicle.
A Modern Job.
A certain good-natured old Vermont
farmer preserved his constant good nature,
let what would turn up. One day one of
his men came in bringing the news that
one of his red oxen was dead.
"Is he said the old man. "Well, he
was always a brccchy cuss. Take his
hide off, and carry it down to Fletcher's;
it will fetch the cash."
An hour or so afterward the men came
back with the news that Lineback and his
mate were both dead.
"Are they said the old man, "Well,
I took them of B. to save a bad debt that
I never expected tn get. It is lucky that
it ain't the brindles."
After the lapse of an hour, the men
came back again to tell him that the nigh
brindlc was dead.
"Is he V said the old man. "Well, he
was a very old ox take off his hide and
take it down to Fletcher's it's worth the
cash, and will bring more than any two of
the others.
Hereupon his wife, who was a very
pious soul, reprimanded her husband
severely, and asked him if he was not
aware that his loss was a judgment from
Heaven upon him for his wickedness.
"Is it?" said the old man. "Well, if
they will take the judgment in cattle, it
is the easiest way I can pay it."
The Cost of a Woman of the Period
when fully made up.
Her beautifuly luxuriant blonde hair
is worth if it be a wig from $50 to
S200 if it be a switch, from 10 to S100
if it be in curls, from $15 to $50.
He pare white brow, her dark, arched
eyebrows, cost from Si to S 14.
Her large and liquid eyes are worth 81.
Her white face aud neck (when enamel
ed) are procured at a price ranging from
815 to 835.
Her faultless, gleaming ivories, if false,
cost her from 825 to 8200.
Her ruby lips are worth about 25
cents.
Her round, plump cheeks, if plumpers,
cost 85.
Her swelling bosom is gotten up, if
pads, for 81 to 812 if respirators, for 85
to 810 if balm and develepers, for 814.
Her Grecian bend is worth anywhere
from 8 to 10.
Her plump arm (if padded) cost from
81 to S3.
Her Italian hands and aristocratic nails
are worth from 82 upwards.
Her corsets (therefore her waist) is
worth from 75 ecnts to $10. j
Her hips are rouuded at a price from
81 to 8G 50.
Her delicious limbs, when in the 6hape
of false calves, cost from 88 upwards.
Her pretty foot aod ankle cost from 87
to 830.
Her blotches, tongue scraper, neck,
etc., are worth S2.
The total beauty, therefore, costs her
self, or rather 6ome. man of the period,
from about 885 to 8G20 and upward, per
occasion for her personal charms, entirely
independent of her, dry goods and loves
of bonpets.
7
An eagle in the act of, carrying off a
sheep, was caught in the Jersey moun
tains and is now a prisoner at Portland,
Northampton, Pa.
7, 1871.
How to Get Along.
Do not stop to tell stories in business
hour.
If you have a place of business, be
found there when wanted, or in business
hours.
No man can get rich by lounging in
stores and saloons.
Never "fool" in business matters.
Have order, system, regularity, liber
ality, promptness.
Never buy an article you do not need
simply because it is cheap and the man
who sells will take it out in trade
Endeavor to avoid hard words aod per
sonalities. Trade is money.
Do not kick every stone in the path.
More miles can be made in a day by go
ing steadily on than stopping.
Pay as you ro.
A man of honor respects his word as
he does his bond.
Aid, but never bcz-
Help others when you can, but never
give what you cannot afford to, simply
because it is fashionable.
Learu to sav "oo." No necessity of
snapping it out dog-fashion, but say it
urmiy and respectfully.
Have but few confidents, and the few
er the better.
Use your own brains rather than those
of others.
Learn to think and act for yourself.
Be vigilant.
Keep ahead rather than behind the
times.
Brigham Young's Family.
Among the most interesting sights to
be seen at the theatre in Salt Lake City
is the young army of Youngs, the Pro
phet s progeny, who generally occupy the
benches along one side of the parquet
Boys and girls, young men and young
women, apparently without number, rang
ing in years from seven to tweuty, play
and sport with each other like so many
kittens, liner or bealthie specimens of
humanity you cannot find anywhere. The
male portion are strong, healthy and
robust the females very womanly look
ing, with clear complexions and bright
eyes. They have all splendid teeth and
beautiful heads of hair. The girls are
very roguish, and are not at all averse to
leveling their opera-glasses upon any
handsome and noted Gentile who may be
present. They seem to appreciate return
glances, and then laugh and giggle over
the fun like a lot of school girls. Get
ting a full view of the family of the Pro
phet, and dissecting them mentally, mor
ally, and physically, the unprejudiced
thinker cannot agree with those philosop
hers who assert that the offspriog of poly
gamic marriages are weak and puny crea
tures, lhat such may be the case in
some instances may be true but in no
sense can it apply to the Young family.
A few evenings since John Stutgood
was paying a visit to bis dulcina. She
had smuggled him into the parlor, and
the darkness only served to conceal her
blushes while John told the story of his
love, ihe muttered words reached the
parental ear, and coming suddenly into
the room, he demanded to know of Mary
who it was she had with her.
"It's that cat, sir," was the mumbling
reply.
"Drive it out of here," thundered pater
famHias.
"Scat," screamed Mary end then sotto
voice: "John meaow a little."
John set up a woeful yowlo.
"Confound it, bring a light, and scare
the thing out."
This was too much and John made a
leap for the window, carrying glass and
frame with him.
"Thunder, what a cat!" paid the par
ent contemplating the ruin after the light
was brought; "I never saw anything like
it, and confound it, its tail is made of
broadcloth," as he viewed the remnant
hanging from the window.
Husband's Liability for Wife's Bills.
An action has just been decided in
Philadelphia, by Judge Thayer, in favor
of a husband who had been sued by a
dry goods firm for the amount of a bill ruu
up by his wife. Defence set up that de
fendant furnished his wife with an ample
supply of necessaries. In the course of
his charge Judge Thayer said: "It is a
false and foolish notion for trades-people
to entertain that a husband is bound to
pay all bills contracted by his wife. No
such monstrous doctrine is allowed in the
law.. Tradesmen must ascertain the facts
and the true relations of man and wife
before allowing the latter to run up bills
which is to be looked to pay." Com
menting upon this exposition of law,
which ought to be more familiar than it
is, the Philadelphia Record thinks that
when trades people come to distinctly
understand t, "a very sensible step will
have been accomplished towards reform
in the wanton extravagance aud ruinous
folly which, under the meretricious im
pulse of the stupid despot called 'fashion,'
so wastes the substance, mars the man
ners, deforms tho persons, degrades the
morals aod: wrecks the happiness of
myriad households and individual, not
only io this community but throughout
the country."

A love letter, picked up in town a few
dayasioce, contains the follpwing para
graphj'"My best loved ope, I chawed
the postage stamp' on' your letter all to
thunder, because 1 knew you licked it
oo."
NO. 33,
Horrors of Hydrophobia.
On October 21st, an officer of the Pitts
burg police force died of hydrophobis,
having been bitten in the hand a short
time previously by a dog. The wound
produced was of a trifling character, and
nothing was thought of it at the time.
But on the afternoon of October 23, he
began to feel sick, and sharp paiasshot
up the arm lrom the wound in the hand
nearly healed. A strong fever set in, and
he grew excited and delirious. At first
he talked wildly, and finally, tortured by
the intense pain, he foamed at the mouth,
shrieking in his agony. This continued
for several hours, the pain craduallv les
sening while the delirium augmented.
He tried to bark like a dog, and bit and
snapped at every one who approached
him. Beinza man of powerful build and
great strength, it was extremely difficult
to control nim, while he raged and strag
gled in the horror of his delirium. The
scene is described as terrible. The strong
man, held down by force, every nerve and
sinew of his vigorous frame trembled and
excited shriek after shriek rendins the

air, his lace wild with a horrible terror,
and the foam dripping from his mouth.
Hour after hour went by in this fearful
delirum, until exhausted nature laid him
helpless aud dying before his terror striek
en lamily.
There is a needle factory in New Ha
ven, the process of which is done by a
single machine without the manual labor
of any person. A coil of steal wire is
put in. The machine cuts it off at the
required lengths. It cuts the steel pieces
consecutively, punches the eye holes,
counter sinks the eyes and grinds the
poiuts, and, in fact, everything until the
needless drop out completely formed.
Another machine picks them up and ar
ranges them heads and points together,
and a third piece of mechanism puts them
into paper. Oao of these machines oc
cupy no more space than an ordinary ta
ble, and each of them turns out from
thirty to forty thousand needles a day.
Most of the needles hitherto in use have
have been imported from England until
a few years past. They arc made there,
mainly at Reddich in Worcester. The
business employs about four thousand per
sons, chiefly females, who are paid week
ly from 36 cents for small children to 89,
50 for skilled men.
OUR IKON INTEREST.
The number of bands employed in the
primary production of iron in the United
States is roughly estimated at 140,000
58,000 in preparing ore and fuel, 25,000
in prepairing fuel for rolling mills, 12,
500, in blast furnaces, and 2,500 at for
ges and bloomeries. Add the 800,000
engaged in manufacturing articles of iron,
and we have a total of 940,000.
The approximate value of the pig-iron
manufactured last year was 875,000,000.
Adding to this the product of the rolling-mills
and forgc3, the amount is S138,-
000. 000. Adding, again, the value of
articles manufactured of iron, and th
value of the iron manufacture of the coun
try for the year is $900,000,000. Of rails
we produced in 1853 but 87,000 tons, and
1S69 the amount had risen to 580,000
tons. Of steel rails we laid in the latter
year 50,000 tons, 15,000 tons of which
were of domestic manufacture, and it is
further estimated that the quantity of
steel rails laid this year will reach 150,
000 tons. The annual importation of
foreign rails have varied between 358r
794 tons in 1853, and 10,180 tons in
18G9 the amount again exceeded 300,000
tons, or more than half the whole British
export.
Sharp Shooting.
The following dialogue on sharp shoot
ing quietly took place between a Virginia'
and a Yankee picket I say, can you
fellows shoot
Wall, I reekoo we can, some. Down
in Mississippi we knock a bumble bee's
eye-winker off at three hundred yards.
Oh, that ain't nothing to the way we
shoot up in Vermont. I belong to a mili
tary company np there of a hundred men,
and we went out for practice every week.
The captain draws us up single file, and
sets a cider barrel rolling down hill, and
each mah takes his shot at the bung hole
as it turns up. It is afterwards examined,
and if their is a shoot didn't go in the
bung-hole the member who missed it i
cxpelled. I belonged to the company tea
years, and there ain't been noboby expell
ed yet.
At least one tribe or band of Indian
are far from being the miserable savages
whose extermination is so loudly called
for. The "peace policy" appears to have
been a genuine success so far as the Nez
Perces Indians are concerned. They oc
cupy reserved seats iu the Lapwai reser
vation, in Moutana. They have 9,000
horses, 1,250 cattle and 120 swine. Their
reservation contains 2,400 square miles,
and they cultivate 1,059 acres. They
raised this season, 7,500 bushels of wheat,
1. G00 of corn, 3,400 of oats, 200 of bar
ley, 7,500 of potates, 250 of turnips and
500 ouions. Such is the report of their
ageut.
A Berkshire papa put it thus to his
daughter's beau "Jiiu, if you want Lou
you can havo ber but I don't want you
hanging around unless you mean bussi-
ness.
If you lutcud to marry her, hurry
up, for I can't be kept awake nighti much
loujrcr.
i t
IT