The Old Family Journal.
Reception Ball.
\t every place in this country visited by
the Grand Duke Alexis, son of the present
Czar of Russia, he has been received and en
tertained in a regal manner. On the 4th in
stant a Balt in his honor came off at the Acad
emy of Music, Philadelphia. The entertain
ment was most grandiose. We observe by a
l^iladelphia paper, which has takeu the pains
to enter upon a description of the superb
dressing of the occasion, that Mrs. Bono,
now of Philadelphia, daughter of Mr. John B.
Paekett of this county, was noticeable for dis
tinguished appearance and the magnificence of
her toilette. The Item says:
-Mrs. Bond, the splendid young wife of L
M Bond Jr who escorted her, was donned
in a semi-bridal toilette of white satin court
train, large sleeves, orange Woesome ou breast
and in head d-ess, handsome jewels, etc.
As a great grand uiece of “lue l ather of
Ilis Country,” and graud-danghter of a deceased
naval officer, but more especially by reason of
her handsome appearance and pleasiug man
ners, Mrs. Bond received marked attention
from the Imperial guest and his official attend
ants.
\Ytiose Business is It!
As we are without acting C .rporate Author
ities, whose business is it to see that the people
of the town are not subject to worse evils than
the p< Mtive inc- nvenience resulting from the
present wretched condition of the W ells and
Pumps All need cleaning, and nearly every
pump is out of repair.
Probably tbe Supervisors wi l take the mat
ter iu hand and assume the expeuse for the
present as a sanitary measure. It is a bad
stite of affairs when b.ui whi^Kcv is more
abundant than g«*-d water.
The county treasury could easily be reim
bursed for expenditures hr repairs to pumpa
and cleansing of wells throughout t e county.
l v exacting payment of liquor-license bonds
of those who forfeit by violation of their obli
gations every day—and Sunday, too.
JeOVrson Circ uit Court.
Circuit Court was engaged on Thursday and
Fndav with t .a case of the State against An
giietta Yin*-:* and I-rae! Ott, on a j- iut indict
ment for UwJ and I.t-civiona Cohabitation—
It. !:zh VI r. Bi k an i Lu as for F <«cuti >U;
Davies and Travers f r Defence. The jury
rendered a verd. t f $50 fine against each.
Tiie case of the State against MarUtt for
Adultery, was then taken up,— Bcitsnoover
f r State K. \V. Wilson for Defence.
Several other State cases were called up on
motions to quash indictment*. The case of
Ktvser is set for Monday afternoon.
Logic.
Alwavs go to places that advertise mo t
literally fry ur good*. They always sell
the cheapest, lest and most fashionable goods,
t u-in- tin'll bv means «i-«e,
Would -'tier bun than advertise.
History teaches the truth wiorejusL
’Its better to advertise than bust.
A ekik writes home to his aweeth art.
“Can’t marry you this "inter. Our firm
ii. n't advertise bii.-iness is awful dull, and 1
v i; 1 rnv cut down, if the firm d-n t
lust up ah- getter. S let us p.-sfp nc till 73."
Contracts Awarded.
Ou Tuesday last, the Commissioners having
ii, charge the re-building of the CoorDHonae,
received pr- pesals a;.d awarded the Painting
to Mr. Wm Kino the Re fing and Spouting
to Messrs. McCurdy Duke, and Flattering
toC. F Gallaher.
The relialilty of the Contractors and their
acquaintance with the w rk, in their respec
tive departments, is an assurance of siqierior
workmanship throughout the edifice which
promist s to l>e creditable to the County, and to
the good judgement of those having the mutter
under their attperviaino.
Religions Notice.
H v. A. C. Hopk will preach in the
Presbyterian Church, liar; -r’s Ferry, on Tues
day cf next week, at 7 P. M.
Immediately after preaching there will be
a meeting of the congregation to consider the
questions of electing oflicera and making ar
ru;.cements fur regular preaching.
Feki»kb:ck Cittern: Cotter.—We learn that
Judge Turner of the Winchester Circuit, in the
case of Fisher Bro. rs. Clement March, of
this county, has deemed in tavorut UH. -uarcn
i;p n all the issue* joined. This was a suit iu
chancery upon a judgment obtained in Phila
delphia in 1X06. and the pleas not only ave rred
payment of this judgment in fuil in 1866. but
charged fraud in the obU ati- n of it. Moore
V‘v prag' dier for plaintiffs, (Xoke Kennedy
for March.
Saooi.e or Vex most.—Maj. W. J. Hawks
and the Scni r of the “Old Family,” were}ant
recipients, yesterday, of a very tine saddle of
Venison fi r.t Maj. Caari.es (Irked, of tlie
Horeuce House at Berkeley Springs. Maj.
(ireen never forgets us when Fahrenheit points
to the 80s and 90s, nor does his friendship i
grow cold when the temperature, a> yesterday.
is at the freezing point. May he live to a ripe
old age and all the while flourish like a green
bay tree. _
Lvbruated.—One Sausage Machine u
greased at la>t—cur friend and patron Thomas
Oden having sent us a hog w eighing 332}—one
of ?ix which netted as follows: 364, 340, 332},
331, 323, 321. But we wouldn't have our
readers suppose friend Oden was in arrears to
the extent uf so much pork. On the contrary,
he is a prompt-paying subscriber. Wo don't
lielieve he could succeed so well in stock-rais
ing if he were otherwise.
Jewej.rt.—We commend to tb se engage*!
in the trade cr private dealers, the Jewelry
establishment of Mr. Wro. Koch, 209 Balti
more street up stairs Baltimore. Mr. K*>ch
deals liberally and honorably with the press,
and that is a pretty fair criterion. The man
that advertises can afford to sell cheaper be
cause he sells more. Try Mr. Koch.
Farms foe Sake.—See advertisement by
1» E. Henderson, Executor, of two farms for
sale. Terms have been changed—tor informa-
ti i on that p lint consult the advertisement.
The Virginia Free Press, referring to the
candidature of John J. Palmer for re-election
as Public Printer at the approaching session of
the Virginia Legislature, speaks of him as “an
old companion and ‘case’-mate. Now, it
seems to ns that, iuasmuch as a printing office
is an excelleut’icbool for most vouug men, the
use of the phrase “case-mate” is very felicitous;
for, if students in colleges and seminaries have
time out of miud been called class-mates,’
I ther- is emineut fitness in designating those
who t gether practise the art preservative as
case-mates." We presume the credit of hav
ing coined the word belongs to the jocund se
nior of the “Old Family Journal.”
[The above we take from our friend of the
i QtorgtUnrH ut ter. J. J. Palmer was not
only a case-mate” for many years with the
Senior of the Old Family Journal,” but a
gallev-slave.” Many a tilt we have had at
tvpe-wltiug, our frieud leading us always on
the home-stretch.”]
Attempt to Bern a Dwelling Horse.—
On the 7th instaut Edward Wilson, colored,
w as arrested and committed to jail by Justice
Bart' u for attempting to fire the dwelling
house of another colored man, Harm'd George
Harris, living near Newtown, on the Saturday
previously. It appears that in the night he
fired it beneath the weatherboarding, and as
the flames spread started to run, but was fol
lowed and apprehended. He did not deny
I the cl <rge, and assigned no reason for tie act.
Harris family was asleep in the house at the
time. The fire was soou extinguished.— B7/i
chtatar .Vers.
Death ok an Old Citizen.—Mr. Abraham
Nulton, w ho has leen in feeble health fur some
time past, died last Wednesday noon. Mr.
I Nulton fornianyyearswasaproniinenttradcs
mnn of the towu aud was quite active iu the
municipal affairs of Winchester.
For many years Mr. Nulton was a member
of the Methodist church and his death will l<c
felt as a severe loss in that community. He
was about 70 years of age.— Wim hesttr New*.
A. H. Griffith'* Factory was entered on
Thursday night by thieves, whoopeneda win
dow with an axe and although a young rran
was sleeping in the building, they succeeded
in carrying off a lot of woolen gixsls. canton
flannels, Ac., to the value of about $800.—
No clue to the thieves has yet been discover
ed.— HYmAeffer Times.
Imperial Assault am> Battery.—A spe
cial d’-patch to the I.ondon Standard from St.
Petersburg states that yesterday the Cza row itch
i Alexander became involved iu a private dis
pute with 1’riuce de Reran, minister of the
German empire to Russia. Tiic passions of
both were aroused, nnd the Czarowitch so far
forgot himself as to make a personal assault
on the ambassador. Friends interfered, and
the parties were separated.
1U\ At. Donations.—The Grand Duke Al
exis has sent $5,l>00 to Mr. \V. 11. Aspinwail
for the poor f New York city. Mr. Aspirt
wali i is appropriated from this sum $1,000
t.» the Association for Improving the Condi
i t inn of the Poor, and $1,000 for the benefit
of disabled sailors. The Grand Duke has also
civets $2.00'I for the poor iff Boston, and we
1 learn that he will sidd $5,000 to the Chicago
relief fund.
C A 0. Can a!..—The Washington papers
i state ibsit Mr. W. W. Corcoran has suetl the
C. asi 1 O. Canal Company f r an account,
I amounting, with interest to July 1 last, to
I $128,848.05, and he complains that the defen
,:.t I is failed to pay the coupons or ii.tere t
i irnnts. He prays that a receiver be ap
j inted in the place.
n.\tL!OAi> Project.—A con p uy has Win
orgt: ized iu Wheeling. W. Va .to buildarail
r ad fr >m the opposite band of the Ohio river
t connect with the Dike Shore and Tus
carawas Valley railroad at Dennison, Ohio.—
Application will le made to the next West
Virginia Legislature to authorise the cily of
Wlm hog to subsetiW to the enterprise.
Tiik ViBotstA Dead at Gettysburg.—
M:s. fi. W. Randolph, of the Gettysburg cvni
r. ittee of the Hollywood (Richmond, Va.) tne
nu rial Association, transmits to the treasurer
$1 8s,; 18. The secretary of the association
pui■'■-hes the statement that measures have
beet: taken to secure the removal of the Yirgin
a dt ad interns! a- Gettysburg.
N EW Commission HcCsE.—The tlard of Rnn
s*ut C»»., C Patterson street, Baltimore, will
bv found in our paper of to-day. The relia
b ty and business capacity of Mr. A. II. IF,
i I a n> n of tl.isuii in is too well known in our
community to need our endorsement, and we
simply content ourselves with directing atteu
t n of t!ic Firratrsof tlic Valley and Bust*
uess u,eu generally to the advertisement.
Many of the Radical newspapers, as well as
Radical members of Congress, are out in strong
pi .tion to the proposed Postal Telegraph
s t.ei e—set forth by Postmaster General Cres
well, and recommended by Gen. Grant. The
New York Ttibuite denounces the whole af
fairs.
Ri* liti m>, Ya., I>ec. II.—A shooting affray
to*day orcurvd in front of the post-office, bc
tu John Soelling and Andrew Montiero,
t f sp >rtiug men which resulted in Soelling
being probably fatally wounded. Montiero was
urn stej and but slightly hurt.
A 1t kmpted Mt'BDEB.— Mr. Sprowl. bar
ker: er at the \Yhite Sulphur Springs, was
fired up*.n by two negroes Saturday night,
wl.. purpose it is believed was first to mur
der a 1 then rob him. Both shots fired at him
to. k effect, inflicting serious wounds.
Fine Timber.—Some very fine Timber is
bed g eti ployed iu the re-construction of the
C it I! u-e—furnished by Messrs. Eichellar
ger «SL Manning from the 1 lrnls of the late Jas.
Roper, on Shenandoah river. We noticed se
veral pine sticks more than sixty feet long and
eight by ten inches.
St i’Kitvi o u>.—The Supervisors will meet
i »ain on the 27th instant, at which time the

a oik of the present Board will l>e completed.
CiiBisTUAS.— For information as to where
,o obtain suitable things for Christmas Gifts
ind Holiday feasts, see our advertising col
untis.
A voting lady named Emma Crandall, while
liking out in Portsmouth yesterday was as
aulted by a black man and so seriously beater,
hat she will not recover. The u»an has been
irrested.
Berkeley County Items.
From the Marti nsbvrg Statesman we take
the follow*ug paragraphs:
We learn that Mrs. Thomas Xoakes of this
place, fell dead suddenly at her home on Fri
day morning last.
The report that the smallpox is in Martins
burg, is false. There is not a single case of it
in the city or couutv. People need not fear
coming to town.
We regret very much to learn that Dr.
WitheroW of this city, was compelled to re
turn from his visit to Shepherdstown on ac
count of a sudden attack of sickness, and is
now lying quite ill at his home.
The funeral of Mr. J. W. Thompson which
took place on Tuesday last was largely attend
ed by the Masons, Odd Fellows uud Brother
hrxxl of Locomotive Engineers, of w hich sever
al orders he w as a member. The Maitinsburg
Baud played funeral dirges nt intervals as the
processiou moved to the Cemetery. Similar
honors were also paid by Hie Masons to the
remains of Mr. J. W. Hooper) which were
brought on bene fr< hi Graltcu, on Thursday
last and interred in GretuhillCemetery*
Martinsburg «C Potomac Itailroad.
This road, under the management of the
energetic and competent contractor, Mr.
Jaxfs Marsh, is being J ushtd ahead at a
very rapid rate. The weather during the fall
has been exceedingly favorable for grading,
and Mr. D., has taken the full advantage of
it. The road will soon be ready for the rails,
and before the idei of summer we may expect
the Iron lh rse to l e plowing his way from
Powell’s Bend to the city of Martiusburg,
Death of an Oiu Soldier.
i _
Wu.i.uM Putts, Esq., died at his residence
near Hillsborough. u Fiidny morning, De
cember 1st., in ti e 8Cth yeur of his age. Mr.
Putts was lorn in Shephcrdbtow n, West Va.
He was a Lieutenant in Capt. Van Bennett's
company, that marched from that place to
Baltimore during tl.e last war with England,
and participated in the military operations in
1 defence of that city. After his term of enlist
i ment expired, 1 e joined the aitillery company
of Dept. Robert Wilson, of Martinsbu'g, and
i went with that filter to Norfolk, Va., where
l lie assisted in the defence of Cruny Island,
against the Biitish. For his gallant conduct,
and soldierly bearing during tl.e war, he was,
at it.-> close, designated as one of the volunteer
I officers to he retained in the regular service, bi t
1 declined the position and honor, and settled
in Hillsborough, where he had resided ever
since. I Its fine qualities of head and heart
endeared him to a wide circle of friends who
sincerely mourn his death. In his intercourse
whether as a fiiend and neighbor, or in the
business transactions of life* lie was ever the
same generous, amiable and nobleman. He
was buried on Sunday at Arnold Grove with
military honors.— Leesburg Minor.
A Waueu Won.—Last Saturday Andrew
Hites made a l et that he could haul a buggy
nit t>» Triadc lphia and bm k in six hours. The
distance is said to lie fifteen miles. At noon
precisely Andy started, accommpanicd by a
crowd, to see if he really carried out the con
dition on which the wager was made. lie re-;
turned shortly after 4 o'clock, having complied
literally with the provision of the bet, and
won the money, lie made the trip at the
rate of nearly four miles per hour.— Wheeling
Intelligencer.
Dead.—Major J. \V. Hooper of Grafton,
well known as the proprietor of the Grafton
House, died this morning at 12,30. For many
months he has been suffering from the disease
which resulted in Lis death. He was highly
e teemed at d his dic.ase will lie greatly regrct
tod by a large circle of acquaintances.— Wheel~
inj Intelligencer of Gth inst.
Success is the best test of superiority the won
derful demand for Simmons’ Liver Regulator is
one of the convincing proofs that this article is ap
preciattd above everything else of the kind.—
However much its jealous detainers may throw
their shafts, truth will prevail and so will this
medicine.
MARRIED,
On the Rridge. at Harper’s Ferry, on Tuesday
evening last, bv Rev. A. .1. Render, Mr. W. A.
ROPER, to Miss KATE HEDGES, daughter of
'Ir. Wm. L. Hedges, of Charlestown.
In Leesburg on the r.th instant, bv Rev. R. T.
Davis. Mr. THOMAS JFLIAN DELANY, to Miss
EVELYN BYRD, second daughter of the late Dr.
George Lee.
On the Gth instant, bv the Rev. Lorenzo D. Nix
on. M.-. THOMAS MOSS to Miss MATILDA L.
SMITH, all of Loudoun.
On the same dav, by the same, at the residence
of'Ir. John F. Allen. Mr. JAMES E. DANIELS,
of Fairfax county, to Miss ELIZABETH II. GANT,
of Loudoun.
On November 17th, at the residence of the
bride’s mother, l>v Rev. Thomas S Vass, Mr.
El.1.1 AII MARSHALL, aged Go, to Miss MARY
J. LOVE, aged 19, all of Carroll county, Va.
On the 5th inst,. at the M. E. Church, bv Rev.
S. V. Leech, Mr. GEORGE T. LEMON of Cum
berland. Maryland, and Miss EMMA C. HYATT,
of Martinsburg.
At Columbus, Ohio, on the 2"d of November, bv
Rev. I). H. Moore. Mr. JOHN W. SCHEI.KY.
formerly of Mai titisburg, and Miss MATTIE K.
WILLIAMS, of Columbus.
DIED,
At Harper’s Ferry, on the 1st inst.. suddenly,
Mr*. LYDIA INGRAM, wife of Dr. Nicholas Mar
mion. and daughter of Cspt John H. Hall, dec’d.,
in the 54 th year of her age.
At the residence of B. F. Harrison, in Shep
herdstown. on Monday morning, the 4th instant,
Mrs. MARY A. FltAKEY. relict of the Rev. J.
L. Frarey, dic'd, of tLe Presbyterian Church,
aged C7 years.
Messrs. MASON A CO., Gcntlemrn.—Haring
ttsed your Bitters in the treatment of a case of
Dyspcp-ia attended with extreme emaciation, 1
can w ithout Imitation recommend it as an efficient
and reliable Tonic, since under its influence pa
tients rapidly increase in flesh and strength.—
Wishing you every success in the introduction of
vour valuable medicine. I Retnaitl Yours Ac.
B. B. RAN SON, M. D.
All people would undoubtedly prefer a fine head
of hair grown upon their own heads, to being bald,
or wearing false hair; and it has been the study of
many of our learned men to find a remedy to re
store the hair w hen it has fallen out. and renew its
color after it has become gray. Such a remedy
has been found, and is now offered to the world
under the name of Hall's Vegetable Sicilian Ilair
Renewer and, to verify this statement, read the
follow ing
This is to certify that I was very bald in fact,
my bead was perfectly smooth: and it is common
in my family to grow bald earlv in life. 1 have
now us, d four buttles of Hall's Vegetable Sicilian
Hair Renewer; and the hair has grown out all
aver mv bead, and is now a natural brown.
BARTLEY CONI.ON.
Sririo, Jfnnisgs Co., Ixd.. May 28, 18G8.
Personally appeared before me Bartley Conlot,,
tnd, upon oath, says the above statement is true.
M. G. BUTLER, Notary Public.
Bay tin Printer!
ARMSTRONG CO.
MANUFACTURERS OF
STOVtlS AND HOLLOW WARE, PLOWS AND
PLOW CASTINGS.’
PORT DEPOSITS, MARYLAND
BKC. leave to call the attention of House-keepers. Stove Dealers and the trade generally to their
celebrated Cooking Stoves EMERALD AND VIRGINIA, which tve will guarantee tu every j
Particular as the most complete Choking and decidedly the best Baking Stores in the market.
M a gill's Patent Fire-place Heat r. Magill’s Patent Smoke and Has Consuming Radiator, together
with a large rarietv of Cooking Stoves. Parlor and Fire-place Heaters, 1c. Ac.
Manufacturers of TIN AM) SHKKT IKON WARE.
Responsible Agents wanted in every town and county in Maryland and Virginia sell our Stores.
r n Apply to JAM hS.AKlifel
September 1C. 1871-Cm. «>ihcc 04 Light Stmt, Baltimore.
MUSIC LESSONS.
M RS. O. T. RICHARDSON will give lessons
in Music to ft tew pupils at her residence.
July 8, ltfl-tf.
Jefferson Institute,
CliHrl«»MtovVn,'W, Virginia.
rpHK next Session will commence on Monday,
I Sttdtmbrr IDA. 1871.
Doing provided w ith competent Assistants, every
advantage for a thorough course in English, the
Languages. Drawing, Music on Piano and Organ,
will be afforded. Particular attention will be paid
to Music, and pupils Will be required to play at the
Musical Soirees, when the friends of the pupils can
have an opportunity to judga of their progress.
Vocal Music will he taught in classes as Well as
bv private lesson. _
’For Circulars, Terms, Ac.,appIV to the I rind
p„] Mbs. A. M. FORREST.
July J9, 1-71.
DENTAIa NOTICE.
DU. McCORMICK will visit Charlestown nro
ffionally, on the Stroud Monday ol Fcbru
arv, (13th,) April. (10th.) June, (12th,) August,
(14th.) October, (9th).
Febi uary 4 ,1871.
COW FOkt SALK.
4 VERY FINE DURHAM COW anexcellent
Y milker—for sale. She w ill soon be fresh.—
tSnStSU"* nanEsewnct.
Old. Book®,
(\!.D New spapers and Old Paper (except broWn’i
f itnd Rags, want' d, for which the highest
market price, in CASH, will he paid at the
Nov. 25,1871. FREE KRESS OFFICE.
KOXICIS.
VI.L persons knowing themselves indebted to
the estate or VVM. H. IIILLMIltE, deceased,
are hereby notified to make immediate payment
Persons having claims against said estate will pre
sent them to the undersigned, properly authenti
cated, for settlement.
T. W. POTTKRFIKLD,
Adm’rofW. II. Billtaire, dec’d.
November 2a, 1871—3t.
Give Me a Bid Quick.”
Auctioneer’*# Motico.
UAVIXG taken nut License again, I offer my
services as Auctioneer. Give me a call.
J. I). POTTEKFIELD.
Harper’s Ferry, December 2, 1*71.
FOlt SALK,
MY Double-Seat HOCK AW’ AY <f HAttXESS,
on cheap and easy terms. Also, one Feath
er Bed, (40 pounds) which, if not previously di
pnsed of, will be sobl at Mr. C. .1. Manning’s Sale,
11th instant. Apply to J, J. II. Struith
Dec. 2, ISil. J. A. STUAITII.
Notice to Tax-Payors.
rill IK urgent necessity for the collection of
taxes induces me to appeal to the tax
payers in tjiis fortn for a prompt settlement of
theit hills which are now over due. I trust
that there will ho a response at once to this
notice and that I shall not he required to en
force payment bv law, to which however, I
will he compelled to resort unless at a very
early day tlie taxes aro paid. I w ill he in
Charlestown every Tuesday, Friday and Satur
day until further notice.
Dec. 2, 1871—3t. Gt'O. \Y. CHASE,
S her if.
Important Order.
Ordered, That each Township Supervisor
do What he may judge lurst to prevent the en
trance of the Small 1’ox into this County and
all persons not able to incur the expense of
Vaccination are requested to rail on their
Township Supervisor, who will give the neces
sary aid.
By order of the Board.
GKO. If. TURNER,
Clerk of JeJfWxon Oo. Board of Stijtercisort.
December 2, 1871—3t.
NOTICE.
VTOTIcr l,„r..l,,. mrnn nn nro.lii-a.
linn will l>c mad* to tlie Circuit C«urt of
Jefferson County on Thursday the 14th day of
December, 1871. to substitute another trustee
in the place of James Cox, removed from this
state, to execute the provisions of a deed of
trust executed by William D. Copeland on
the 31st of August, 1862 conveying I, t Xe. 8,
Block D., in the towu of Bolivar, Jefferson
C>unty, West Virginia, to secure to Charles
W. Button a debt of $140,00 with iuterest from
the 31st, of August, 1852.
Dec. 2, 1871—2t.
NEW K >1 »s.
AT^E are prepared to fbrnisb our friends and
t customers with XF.W, IIAMDSO.M E. SI B
STAXTIAL, SEASONABLE and STYLISH
GOODS of all kinds, kept in a first-class Store.
Shoos, Boots, and lint a.
Made a speciality. Call one and all, and exam
ine our Stock. We sell Goods Cheap for CASH.
Oct. 21, 1871, TRUSSELL *'LUCAS.
TO CONSUMPTIVES.
ritH F advertiser, having been permanently cured
L ol thatdrcad disease. Consumption, by a sim
ple remedy, is anxious to make know n to his fellow
sufferers the means of cure. To all who desire it,
he will send a copv of the prescription used, (free
of charge', with the directions for preparing and
using the same, which they will find a scre Ccbe
for CosscMmos, Asthma, Bbokchihs, d-c.
Parties wishing the prescription will please ad
dress Rkv. EDWARD A. WILSON,
264 South Third Street, Williamsburg, X. Y.
Nov. 11, 1871—ly.
I’tRESH Roasted Coffee, Chocolate, the very
bestGun Powder Tea at reduced price at
Aug. 5, 1871. W. EBY’S.
\\T ATER and Wine Kegs for sale br
W Aug. 26. 1871. W. EBY.
SELECT your Tobacco, from the largest stock.
You will find it at W. LBY’S.
1AEST assortment Glassware at
13_Sept. 3u. 1871._W. FRY S.
Rags Wanted.—The high
est CASH price paid for Rags at
this Office.
BAKER'S CHOCOLATE, best in tise. for sale
low by R. RTOV LUCAS, i
KRIS KINGLE
Is Gathering np his Forces at
GUSTAV WHOWN S,
"%TTHERE will shortly be displayed an immense
assortment ot
i Seaut ilVil Toys
ANI)
Dolh'ioiiM Oonlootionory,
Such as the pood old SAINT NICHOLAS delights
in dealing out to the little folks.
CH KISTMAS
w ill soon be here! Don't forget it! Be prepared
in time. Come tarlv to
GUSTAV BROWN’S
To make your aclcctions from his Splendid Stock of
Holiday Prcscntsand Christmas
(lifts for Young. Middle aped and Old—something
suitable for every bode. (None and see. A laipe
amount of money lias been i Xpcnded to procure a
complete supply. Nothing has been omitted that
is needed to meet Christmas expectations.
Families can be supplied with the Choicest CON
FECTIONERY—loteign and of my own make—
pure article; CAKES of every description and to
suit the taste* of all.
Fruits, Nuts.
TOYS—a large stock—carefully selected.
©YSTIJBM,
The Best, procured on diott notice, in quantities
to suit. GUSTAV BROWN.
December 2,1871 41.
VALUABLE PROPERTY
FOR SALE,
All the Heal Estate
OF the Inte Richard Itondcrsnn is offered for
sale privately, consisting of the farm known
as Kllorslio, of n mile below the Ilalltown De
pot, incliester Branch B. A O. K. II., containing
180 Acres
Of as good land as anv in the county, with a
stream of n< rer failing water through'the barn
yard. The House contains live Booms,
I’antry, Kitchen, Ac. Two Out-Build
ings—one with four rooms, and one with
two, with sullicicnt buildings for farm
purposes. 1 1 s-V.
ALSO
“HEALL-VIEW,"
Hair-mile above Ilalltown. containing One Hun
dred and Seventy-two and a halt Acres twenty acres
Wood land. The farm is in fine condition and
laid off into six fields—five of which are watered
by a Ian.- to the Plowing Spring Hun which pass
es through it. It has on it a Stone House cuntain
ingfour rooms.
The above property is will known and needs no
recommendation. For terms, Ac., apple to
I). K. HKXDEltSO.Y,
Executor of Rirhard II -nderson, ib-c'd.
Ilalltown, Jeff. Co. W. V,t.. July 8, 1871—tf.
(Spirit Copy.)
»yiIE ABOVE PROPERTY WILL be SOLD at
PUBLIC AUCTION,
In Front of th* Carter House in Charlestow n,
Jefferson County, West Virginia,
On Monday. January 1st. 187^.

Unless sold privately before that date.
TERMS.—$500 Cash on each place. One-third
April 1st, 1872. and the balance in one, two and
iliree years, with interest from date, secured on
the property. Possession given on the 1st dav of
April, 187‘2i
D. E. HEXDKRSOX.
Executor of Richard Henderson, dec’d.
Hftgerttoirn Mint naif (Jh<1 i*ttrr*brrUullty Spir
it insert and send bill for collection.
Xov. 11, 18*1—t*.
NOTICE,
\X application will be made to the Legislature
of est Virginia, at its n-xt session, to a
tnend tie- Chatter and increase the corporate lim
its of the tow n of Charlestown.
H. X. GALLAHER,
WM. II. TRAVERS,
JAS. LAW. HOOFF,
Dec. 9, 1871.—4t. and others.
In pursuance of the above notice a meeting of
the citizens of Charlestown is requested on the
Ititli instant, at3 o’clock. P. M. at the Court House,
to devise the most desirable mode of effecting the
objects in view.
IN o tic*c.
rIMIF. Votes given at the Sale of DANIEL B.
„I FAUGHXDEK will be due December 21,1871.
CLEON' MOORE,
December 2,1871—3t. Attorney.
"Woolen Hags.
Tl^OOLKN RAGS wanted at thin Office for
which the OASIl will be paid.
TT FAIlY County Twist Chewing Tobacco—the
I 1 very best Tobacco extant. Cigars from 15c
each to 2 for 5c—the best in town. Try them—no
humbug. GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
ORANGE Tonic Ritter.*, prepared by ourselves
also for sale. Physicians pre-cribe them for
Dyspepsia. GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
ORDERS for Books and Music receive special I
attention. GEO. T LIGHT A CO.
'll rE are now receiving our Fall and Winter
ft Stock of Goods, which we offer at very low
prices for Cash or Country produce. I
KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
October 21,1871.
I A DIES’ Droaa Good*.—Wc have a handsome
j assortment. KKARSLEY d- SHEERER.
\rARXS.—White, Black, Blu<- MUf-d, Bluer.nd
Scarlet, Blue and White. Scarlet and White.
Oct. 21. KKARSLEY A SHEERER,
FI.OTHS A Cas-'imeres—a handsome assort
ment just received bv
Oct.21. KKARSLEY A SHEERER.
HATS.—A large stock of Hats for old and
young, just received by
Oct.' 21. KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
"Vf KH AND NOVEL Botw Fan
J.F ning Mill and Separator. For sale bv
July 2*.*, ’71. JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
E\f Crop, Timotbv Seed for Sale bv
JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
Sept. 16, 1871.
FERTILIZERS.—Turners, O’Ber A Son. Fu- 1
wka, Burgen A liutz and Pure Peruvian j 1
Guano for Sale by
Feather lied
IFOR SALE. For information apply at tbi*
1 Nov. 4.1871. OFFICE.
tlORN Shelters, and all the improved Cutting
Boxes, for sale by McCURDY a DUKE.
YFF. have jnst rce<ircd an additional supply of
ft Hardware of all kinds.
McCURDY a DUKE.
FIFE AS.—Gunpowder Imperial, Japanese, Eng
lish Breakfast, Oolong—all of superior ouafi
tv, for sale by KEARSLEY i SHEERER.
WALL’S
lunuLi sieiuAi
HAIR
RENEWEB.
Every year increases the popu
larity of this valuable Hair Prep
aration, which is due to merit
alone. We can assure our old
patrons that it is kept fully up to
its high standard; and it is the on
ly reliable and perfected prepara
tion for restoring Guay ob Faded
Hair to its youthful color, making
it soft, lustrous, and silken. Tho
scalp, by its use, becomes white and
clean, ft removes all eruptions and
dandruff, and, by its tonic proper
ties, prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates and nourishes
the hair-glands. By its use, the
hair grows thicker and stronger.
In baldness, it restores the capillary
glands to their normal vigor, and
will creato a new growth, except in
extreme old age. It is the most
economical Hair-Dressing ever
used, as it requires fewer applica
tions, and gives the hair a splendid,
Slossy appearance. A. A. Hayes,
[.D^ State Assayer of Massachu
setts, says, “The constituents are
pure, and carefully selected for ex
cellent quality; and I consider it
the Best Preparation for its
intended purposes.”
Sold by all Druggists a nA nailers in Medicine*.
Price One Dollar.
Buckingham’s Dye.
FOR THE WHISKERS.
As our Kenewer in many cases
requires too long a time, and too
much care, to restore gray or faded
Whiskers, we have prepared this
dye, in one preparation, which will
quickly and effectually accomplish
this result. It is easily applied,
and produces a color which will
neither rub nor wash off. Sold by
all Druggists. Price Fifty Cents.
Manufactured by R. P. HALL CO.,
NASHUA, N.H.
August 12, 1871-1 v.
1 Tall Trade*- 1*71
HOWELL a- HRO., have now in'tore a choice
supply of KALI. and W INTER GOODS, Ik
which they invite the att -ntion »l their regular
customer* and the trade generally. Close Cu»k
Inner. are especially invited examine ottr.tock
of DOMESTIC DR V GOODS. NOTIONS, GRO
CERIES, ROOTS, SHOES. II VTS, Ac.
I’artiiular attention i*called loour»tock of For
eign and Domestic
CLO THS A \n CASIMEllTS.
A Do, a full line of Satinet*, Jean*, and other
good, suitable for Roy. wear.
ar-O-Countt V Produce of good quality taken in
in exchang<”for Goods.
Oct. 21,1871.
OPERA Flann l.«. Plain and Figured. Balmoral
Skiit#, llearv Shaker Flannel, C<>tt<>n Flan
nels, Bleached and Hi ow n Cotton, 4-4 Brown and
Bleached Cotton, 10-4 Sheeting Brown tpd Bleach
ed, for sale bv
Oct. 21, 1871. IIOWELL BKO.
1 r.XT’S Merino Undershirts. Ladies Vest. Cor
I set*, F.inelt Collar* and uftn, Laec Collar#,
I.inen and Hem Stiched Handkerchief#, Neck
Tiisand Bows, Ladies Hose, Cent’s I lose, Silk
Velvet and Velveteen, Ribbon#, fur sale In
Oct 21, 1871. HOWELL A BRO.
1 I.VSEVS.—G 4 Grey Fulled Lin -y, 4 4 Plaid
1 j Linsry, Cassimers. Kcrsysand Yarn, (county
manufacture), for sale bv
Oct. 21, 1871. IIOWELL .f BRO.
1) ATTA.Y Corn Hampers. Rattan Mat.. Mark t
Baskets, Coal Selves, Hearth Broom#, Wash
Boards, Wood -n Bowls, a full assortment of Crock- j
cry and Glass Ware, Tumbler*, Goblet#, Glas#
Bowls covered and uncovered, lor sale bv
Oct 21.1971. HOWELL! BKO.
i.'MIKSH Groceries, including Green snd Toasted
Coffee, Brown, Cru.-hcd, Granulated and A
Sugars, Molasses and Syrups, Green Hnd Black
Tea, Prime Herring, Mackrel inbbl*. 1.. hbls. and
Kits, Cheese, Crackers and Spices, for sale by
Oct 21, 1871. HOWELL A BRO.
I 1ST received a stock of Lamps and Lamp Goods
(very low) the “Atwood Burner” the most
complete anil perfect round Wick Burner yet made,
adapted to all Lamps, and produces a light equal
t<> the German Study Lamp, also, the lieliunce
Non-Explosive Attachment for Kerosene Lamps
something new and desirable, for sale by
Oct 21, 1801. HOWELL BRO.
iLOTII if- CASSIMERS.— We have on hand a
U; very handsome line of these goods, call and
examine them,
Oct. 21,1871. TRUSSELL A LUCAS.
HATS.—Our stock eni braces all the Fashiona
ble styles in the market—call at No. 24 and
purchase your Hats,
Oct. 21,19.1- TRUSSELL if- LUCAS,
1 )E.\K ai d Dog Skin Cloths, Black and Gold
I) Mixed Kcppcllants for Ladles I'iirulars and
Dloaks, for sale hy
Oct. 21,1871. TRUSSELL k LUCAS.
NEW GOODSi
I'H'UR.—A handanme a«#«rtnient of Furs at very
low prices. KEARSLEY A SUEEUElt.
November 18,18T1.
MTOXK WARE.—We have just received the
very best quality of Stone Ware, such as
lars, Jugs, Milk Pans and A gallon Fruit
lars For Sale by
Sept Hi, 1871. KEARSLEY A- SHEERER
IkUCKWHEAT FLOUR.—Fresh Buckwheat
Flour just received bv
Nov. 11,18-1. KLAKSLEY A SHEERER.
f '1. A. if- Fine Salt, Grain and Groun Pepper,
T Cavcnno Pepper and Sage, for sab- bv
Nov. il, 1871. KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
I AMP GOODS, Lamps and Lanterns.—The fi
j nest Lamps in the market we are now off e
ng much cheaper than were ever sold here.
UCWOtT ^n, ion. ULV, a. muiii a
CMFETY TUBE.—By this little contrirs jee we
can make your Lamp non explosive. Every
K>dy must have one—price 25 cents.
Lamp Shears.—Save your Scissor-, &T buying a
air of these Shears, and iraprorr your Isgbt by
rimming your Lamp wick prop ^rlv.
For sale by <!L0 T. LIGHT 4 CO.
ikS. L hW. BOOft.
IMPROVED double r'jorel Ploughs, for sale by
May 6,1*71. JA8. LAW. HOOFF.
AlfUOD Saws -.nd Blades, and Pocket Corn
Shelter, for Sale br
JA3. LAW. HOOFF.
BUTCIIE1’. Knives, Meat Saws, Sausage Cutters
and Fulers for Sale bv
JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
LtO.Vi.. Hods, Japanned and Galvanized for Sale
ay J AS. LAW. HOOFF.
\f 7ISD0W Glass, Putty Ac., for Sale br
J AS. LAW. HOOFF.
LJ KATES 4 Sleigh Bells for Sale by
JAS. LAW. HOOFF
r^lTClIEN" Crystal Soap.—I havejust received I
|V a lot of the above Soap. Having been tried
iteds no recommendation. W. 8. MASON.
I 1ST received a full and bcautifnl assortment j
of Lamps, and Lamp Good* 20pter cent, cheap- j
•r than ever sold in this market. Also, the best'
Kand of Kerosene Oil. W. S. MASON.
“T/~k/\ SACKS 0. A. and Fine Salt, for sale
OUU low for cash, by W. EBY.
LlOiiX Hampers, Weed Ware, Qnecn»w*ra,
Lamps of all kinds, for sale by W. KUY.
1 FINEST Green and Black Tea, Fresh Tomatoes,
1 Corn, Peas, Peaches, Cucumber Pickles,
how Cbuw, Cheese, Crackers, Scotch Herring,
ilackrel for sale by W. EBY.
CtHEESE, Maccaroni and Fresh Crackers for j
tale by W. EBY.
1 ).\BLOB, Ofld r and j
\r Cook Stoves, a full stock, for sale by
Nov. 25,1871. McCl'KDY 4 DIKE.
[A RD Cans, and Tinware of all kinds for sale
j by Mr CURDY a DUKE.
Al'SAGE Grinders and Studers for sale br
3 McCl'KDY Dl'Kfc.
LtOAI. Hods snd Ash Buckets, made from the
best galvanized iron, for sale br
McCl'KDY k DIKE.
MERCHANTS will find it to their advantag?
to buy their Lard Cans and other Tinware
Nov. 20. from McCl'KDY a DI KE. I
J W.UU. H H VrO-v**’ A c»
G«a. Ay.-aU.San tram!**,Cab,»..d 34 CJU ’aio ario.3. I.
Ml LI.IONS Itrnr T<%i!m«u> la to.'!.
Wonderful CartUlve I’d*ret-..
They arc not atiic Fa nr) Drink, Made of I "t t'
Rum. Whiakryi Proof Apli it* end Rt la*
Liquor* doctored.apt. cd ami *»»fir tin!u>iiV.i-'
ta-to.culled ••Tonic*," ••.Vj>:h tin, i' "lt«*t •ntr*.”*.
tliat lend the tippler on todrvnkn ne--aid miti,lait an;
a true Medium, n.ade from the Setive .'I* and IliH-*
of Callfondn. free from nil Al.ohnlic wIiuk*
Innl*. Thc\ are the (ill EAT It 1.001» FI 111
F1 Ell >n.l A LIFE UVIMI PltlXCIPLE,
apetfeet Re: ovnt-.r s.ml l vigor.hr of lh« Sv-tirti.
earrrn.g .?T :t!I >*.lvr ona natter n«tit*dni!n*U;«; !uo.|
to a h. althy contiition. J o r u ran uks llate
ter* according t»ditc*"ioii> at e renrain W*K nnweit,
provided their bon. n.c rot destroyed t.y H iner .l
Iiotsonor ctiicr r. cat.-s and t!.« vital orjatu waata.l
beyond the jioitit of rc|u>.
Th"l r.rrntJfirlle Purgative na well tiau
Toui.% -lug, aim. the diirrer't ofrov.'-j
t* a o»et fill i gi lit in T< det fty t Iy.'M ion er 1 efl
inatio'i of the Liver. ar.d el! f‘ie V!«rrm! Organ*.
FOR FEMALE CO HP I.A i NT antv f
oil, «n»rri»'l or tingle, nt i he d .woof omauliood oral
the tarn of life. UieeoTonic Ltitria have no equal.
Far 1 uilaminatory nu.I Chronic ttheama*
li.ni nutl Lout, D)*p<-p«l« or Indlerotlno,
likliaua, Kent inert mil Itiiernuitriit Fe
ver:;, Rltraari of the l»lo»,t, Liver, Kid
ney* nmt liladdor, tt.r«o Ritlcra have been m.
atWvrufid. Surli Dlarnacs are. raaardby Vlliule I
Rlooit, "hull it.gtttei.illy piodtu* d tj uvi an gc Riant
of the Dlireatlve Otcuue.
DYSPEPSIA Oil INDILESTIOX, IF.
eehe, fain In the Shoulder*, Cough*. Turbine** of th*
<’lie*t. Dili j-a, S.ur Eructation* <f the Stomach.
Bad Vai.tr In the Mouth. Bilioua Attack*. Palpitation of
the Heart. Inflanimattcn of the l.tiu**, Pain la tharr
cion* of the Kidney*, and 3 but h'td blhcrpAmfiil aymg
tom*. are tby ofltjirtn;* i f ilyapqiaia.
They Invigorate the Slotnaeb andatlmulato thct< -pM
Liver aol C.ivela, which renaor them of nnoquall.-1
elticacy in cImikIiic the blood of all iir.pnrittea. ami tin
patting new life auI vuor to t!i« whole ayatcni.
FOR SKIX DISEASES, Bmpl Ion*,Tatter. halt
Rbcttm, Btnlehea. Spc.t*. Pimple*. Puatulaa, Boil*. Car
bond-a. Rinc-Wonii*. Said Heat. Sure Bye*, ktyali*
la*. Itrli.Scurf*. i)i-e..(«.rat :.-n- of th* Skin. Hnm«r* >»l
ltiaaaav* of the Skin, of irhnt. v natm or nature
time by tlm uscih tl *e Hitters. O.ir ik>:*U In mi.
e«»M will ceuvii co the uinii liicrcdul.ijj uftln.’r n*a
tire «flvet».
C!«sn»u the Villjtfd I7t«- 1 whenever you fi-vt Its In
purities bursting through tiis skin in Pimples, ■rip
tionl or ffor, cleans* 1 ~li*rj »mi 8nl it b»tru< t. l
andftucgUh in the rolnt: cUsnt* it when it It foul,
and your ft. Hurts wi 1 tell you wheat K, t;> the IJuod
pure, and the health of tl t* tear ml; folia*.
Pin, Tape, r.ml other U'eran lurkinr in the
system of so many thouaa.xis,are offcritislly »tro*e.l
erxt remove!. a <tl*Hn-.-«i*h,*t tthrrt nlecat,
t> ci» in antrrply an in<ih •*4u:J tiM»n the ikcn nfllt.*
earth wIimmi Unly Ip rxrmpl fr-mi tli# rr> w‘nr** *4
Worm* It it hot open the healthy rMn.nitr of til.,
Uxiy that nonue xi«t. Init upon the iii~.xt.xl hurwr,
and «limy deposit* that bn>d tins, living nxuislere o'
diseae,'. No Sys'.-iu of \lx4lvi no Vennif.1 I S, na
anthelmintic* mill free tuu system fron auiun like
these Bitters.
J. WALKBIt, Proprietor. It. II. McDOXAl.D A CO.,
DraggUts snd (ien. A rents. n Vrsncts-n, t'slifnruls,
and 3t and 34 Cnnnni.ree Street. New Vurk.
63*80LD BY All DBlURIfTD AND DEALkR*
May 6, l»71 ly.
Ayer’s Cathartic Pills,
For all the purposes of a Laxatives
Medicine.
J’crhaps noone medi
cine is ROtmlVtfl'a a»r
required by \*rv
body as a cathartic,
nor was over any Ire
fora eu universally
adopted Into use, lii
every country nnd
among nil classes, ns
this mild buteftctcnl
purgative lull. '1 lie
obvious reason is,
that il is a more relia
ble nnd far more ef
fectual remedy thou any other. Those who have
tried it, know that it cured them; tho-e who havu
not, know that it cure* thcirueighbor* ami friend
nnd all know tii.it wind it doe t tea a I
way* —that it never fall* through any fault or ueg
gleet of its nompoition. He have thousands Upon
tnousnndsofeertillcate.'of their retnarktililocuiv*
of the following complaints, hut OB eh cures tin
known In eveiy neighborhood, and we need not
publish them. Adapted to all nge* and conditions
in all climates; containing neither calomel nor any
deleterious drug, they ma Iw taken with »af<
by unvbody. 1 heir sugar-coating preserve* them
ever I'resh,and makes ihem pleasant to talc, uhih
lreing purely vegetable, no harm can arise from
their use in any quantity.
They operate by their powerful influence on tli<«
Internal vi-<Tr» to purify Hie blood and stimulate
it into healthy action —remove the ob-tm tiotu
of Hie stomach, bowels, liver, and other organ* **f
the body, restoring their irregular action to health,
ami by correcting, wherever they exist, swell de
rangements a* ate Um flrct origin of <!l*ea-r.
Minute directions are given In Hto ori
the box, for Hie following complaint*, hi hUi o
IUII» rapidly cure:
For ll;*|ir|Ma or Indigestion, listless*
ness, languor and lo«* of Apitctuc.ll,
should be taken moderately to stimulate the Mom
Bch, nnd restore Its healthy tone and action.
For Uvrr Comiilalal and its vanous symp
toms, llilion* llrailarhr, Wick llcuit
ache. Jaundice or lireru Nicksro. nil*
Ion* Colic and Ullioua the Mmol I
be Judiciou sly taken for eu.h case, to correct tho
diseased action or remove the obstructions whit t»
cause it.
For Wysenter.r or Ditarrhora, but one
mild do»o is generally required.
For IlheuMiulisnt, Oiatt I. I*.il
pltutlon of flip Hraii, l*uln In flip
Hide. Stuck and l.oins, they should be ciitin
uously taken, as require i, t cnangc the diseased
action of the system. With budi change tlioo
complaint* disappear.
For Dropsy ji<| I>ropslral knelling*
they should I»o IxXcn In large and frequent <r»
to produce thu efft*-t of a drastic purre.
Lor Wu|iatr«-ssio:i a large do«e -Ixutld Is*
taken as it produce* Hut desired cffc' t by sym
pathy.
A* a Iilnnrr 1UII, take cm* or two nil• l
promote digestion nml relieve tin* stomach.
An occasional dose stimulate*! the stomach and
bowels Into healthy action, restore* the appeiit,,
and invigorate* the system. Hence it is often ad
vantage,.u* Where no serious derangement exist*.
One who feci* tolerably well, often And* lieu a
do*e of these IUIU makes him feel decidedly lx-t
ter, ft-oni their ek*aneing and renovating effort on
the digestive apparatus.
Or. J. C. A WEB A CO., Practical Chcmltlt,
LOWELL. BASS., V. S. A.
(1II A MBERS’ celebrated Virginia Bitters. a .«or#
j core lor Dyspepsia, and ih- 1* at Tonic Hit
tern extant. 0. W. CHAMBERS.
Harper’* Ferry. Aug. 26, 1871.
"1)1 RE Cider Vinegar, two y< ar» !d, Rob’t.
I Duke's make, sharp a* a razor, at r
CHAMBERS’
Harper’* Ferrr, April 22,1871.
VTEWARK Champagne Cider, »parklipg and
bright at CHAMBERS'.
AVIS WHISK V, the r are st, and in fact the
only copper di* tilh d Wh irk v in the eoartr,
at 'CHAMBERS.
(tl.AOETT’S Superior XXX l’ortor and Ah- in
j bottle*, put up expressly lor. family use. at
Harper** Ferry, Ang. 26.* CHAMBERS.
1‘NOR Medicinal purpose Thompson’s Bure live
Whiskey, ten year* old, guarar.P d pure.
If. W CHAMBERS,
Harper’s Ferry, Mar. 25, 1*71. Agent.
'%TATTSOX’S Improved Breast Bump. Tbl*
11 Bump U unique and unlike anr other In tie
n.aikrt. It will not comprce* the milk ducts, which
is the cauce of »o much pain and suffering iu other
breast pump*. It procure* a painless C<>n of milk
and ii a preventive of sore nipple* and broken
breast*, for sale by
Sept. 9, 1871. C. E. BELLER.
rrMIE Alexandra Feeding Bottle. Thi* bottle
ha* »n advantage over all others in shape, it
is a flat and upright bottle combined, can be emp
tied to the last drop and it* peculiar formation pre
eludes tbe possibility of leakage in any position it
may be placed, for tale by
Sept. 9, 1871. C. E. BELLER.
SCHOOL Hooka embracing all that i* used in
our public schools. Also, a large stock of
Letter, Cap and Note I’aper. Envelope* of N||
sty le# and sizes. Ben*, Holders. Lead Bencils. Slate*
Black, Blue, Violet and Red Inks, for sale by.
C. E. BELLER.
Harper a Ferrr, Sept. 9, 1S7J.
T L'BRICATING Oil for machine purpose*, frerh
lj Sperm and XeaUfoot— having puuhased all
the above in large quantities, lam pr.pand to
sell them at very tew rates. C. E. BELLER.
Harper’* Ferry, July 29,1871.
('1 UITAR and Violin .Strings in great vjrietv f,,r
T sale b. C. E. BELLER.
Harper’s Ferry, July 29, ls7l.
_—