LOCAL AFTFAIRS.
Shop-Breaking.
The gunsmith shop of John I. East
man, in Stickney’s Block, was broken
open Sunday night, between eight and
nine o’clock, and robbed of a dozen re
volvers, half a dozen pistols, sheath
knives, and other cutlery, prepared car
tridges, and a double shot-gun. |[The
shop was entered by means of breaking
out two lights of glass and part of the
sash,in a back window in the basement,
with a stick of cord wood, and then
smashing the upper part of a door, which
was of glass, leading to the store above.
Three boys, named Daniel Delaney, Dan
iel Donovan, and Alexander Marshall,
colored, were arrested Monday morn
ing and locked up, who were implicated
in the affair, and part of the stolen prop
erty was found in their possession.
Sheriff C. B. Hildreth arrested two more
boys at Suncook, Monday night, named
Thomas J. Burke and Wiliiam Ellis.
The five rogues were brought before
Judge Dana, Tuesday afternoon, and
all plead guilty, and were cach held in
the sum of S9OO to answer at the next
term of the Supreme Judicial Court for
this county, in default of which they
were commiitted to jail.
THE GREAT CHAIR. Over the furniture
rooms opposite the State House, has
been suspended many years a large
chair, indicating the nature of the mer
chandise kept in the store below. An
unsophisticated traveller, once on a time,
was looking out of a window in the
American House, and seeing this great
chair, the seat of which has a downward
inclination of some forty-five degrees,
inqnired of Mr. Gass, senior, the pur
pose of that household article placed in
such a position? Mr. Gass, with his
usnal quickness, replied that it was the
great chair in which every New Hamp
shire Governor was seated on Election
day. But,” said the ruastic, how
can he sit in such a sloping chair?”
Oh,” said Gass, that is his lookout.”
Mr. Elliot A. Hill died at his residence
on Statestrect, Friday morning, from apo
plexy, with which he was seized Wednes
day morning. For more than a half
century Mr. Hill has been engaged in
the furniture business in this city, and
was probably one of the oldest active
business men in the State. He was a!
native of Winchester, and removed here
about 1819, engaging in the furniture
business at once. He was an industri-!
ous and useful citizen through his long
life, and will be missed in our business%
circles. He was the second person of i
the name of Hill who removed to Con
cord—the late Gov. Hill being the first,
we believe. Hisage was 76 years.
A young fellow who gave his name as
Lewis, appeared her last week and en
gaged board with Mr. Joseph Phelps, on
Pleasant street. He stepped out on his
boarding-master Saturday forenoon, and
later in the day it was ascertained that
he had taken with him a watch, neck-tie,
and knife, and $4 in money, belonging
to another boarder, a young man em
ployed at Norris Co.’s bakery.
The new locomotive which has been
in process of construction at the North
crn Railroad shops, for several months
past, under the superintendence of J. M.
Lauder, was taken out last Friday for a
trial trip in the yard, and found to work
in a most satisfactory manner. It is
named Col. Hosley,” in compliment of
Col. Hosley, the popular train-man at
White River Junction.
The first anniversary levee of the Con
cord Lodge, No. 8, Knights of Pythias,
came off' at Phenix Hall Friday evening,
in a most successful manner. The Ger
mania band, of Boston, gave a fine con
cert previous to the dance.
Timothy Carter, who resides near the
Horse Hill Bridge, broke one of his legs
badly, and two bones in the other, on
Monday, while engaged in getting out
ship-timber.
About forty men, comprising the re
pair force of the Northern Railroad, left
on special train, last Monday noon,
for the Sugar River Railroad, where
they are to be employed this week in
putting the track in proper condition for
running trains on it regularly next Mon
day. They were a hearty looking set of
men, and will give the finishing touches
to the road with good will.
A barn attached to the late Samuel A.
Kimball place, was destroyed by fire
about 11:30 o’clock, Wednesday night,
together with its contents of hay and
grain, and one horse.
A second story is being put upon the
post-office building, which is to be used
as a job printing room for the People of
fice.
Mrs. H. M. Miller, the elocutionist,
was thrown from a carriage on the 13th,
and severely injured.
Suaw Drew have prepared for the
winter’s cold by providing themselves
with a large stock of Furs and Robes,
including Ladies’ Furs of all descrip
tions, and particularly some very desir
able American Sable, Fitch, and Fur
Seal muffs and collars. They are also
the only agents in the city for the cele
brated Purinton Ham Buffalo Coats,
which speak for themselves, and Coon
Coats and buffalo robes in great profu
sion. In fact, they have organized a
raid against Jack Frost, and are bound
to beat him out, if first-class goods and
fair prices can induce people to co-oper
ate with them, in their Samaritan work
of clothing the needy. All are invited
to call and examine their stock of Furs.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
PERSONAL.
Mrs. Tebbetts, of Wakefield, will be
one hundred and two years old on thal
2d of December next.
Mpr. John Fay, the oldest resident, of
Dover, died on Tuesday, aged one hun
dred and three years.
David Beede, of Lancaster, was sen-
tenced on Wednesday, the 15th inst., to
ten years in State prison, for arson.
Irving W. Drew, a graduate of Dart
mouth College in the class of 1870, has
been admitted to the bar of Cooscounty.
Charles B. Drake has been appointed
postmaster at Woodsville, vice B. W.|
Ramsey removed, and James B. Brown t
at Wentworth, vice A. S. Hammond.
The venerable widow of the late
Deacon John Humphrey, and mother of
Rev. S. J. Humphrey, D. D., of Chica
go, 111., and Rev. John Humphrey, of
East St. Johnsbury, Vt., died at Derry,
on the 12th inst., aged 92 years and 9
months.
Rev. David Bremner and Rev. B. F.
Parsons have been elected Trustees of
the Pinkerton Academy in the place of
S. H. Taylor, LL. D., and D. H. Pink
erton, Esq., deceased. John M. Pinker
ton, Esq., of Boston, was chosen Presi
dent of the Board.
Mr. William Reynolds, an overseer on
the Manchester corporation, has retired
after twenty-six years’ service for the
corporation. On Saturday evening last,
about fifty girls employed in his room,
called at his house and presented him a
gold watch-chain and key, valued at S6O.
Marion Douglass, author of Pict
ure Poems,” just issued by James R.
Osgood Co., we understand te be
Miss Anna Douglass Green, daughter
of the late William Green, Esq.. of
Bristol, this State. Miss Green has been
an acceptable contributorto the Atlantic,
Harper's, Young Folks, and other pop
ular periodicals for several years.
Mr. William Hale Leighton, who was
eighty-eight years of age in October, is‘
an uncle of Aaron L. Mellows, of New-‘
market, and resides in Danville, Vt.
Two years ago he walked from hLis home
to Strafford, 120 miles, in five days, and
returned home the same way; and this
season he walked the same distance
(with the exception of ten miles of acci-
dental riding) in six days, and returned
on foot. At seventy years of age he was
of surprising agility, and could mount a
horse with as much ease and facility as
almost any man at twenty-five.
Judge Frederick Vose. of Walpole,
died at Bellevue Ilospital, New York
city, Thursday last, of apoplexy, with
which he was seized at the New Haven
depot, in that city; and, while being
conveyed to the hospital, was robbed of
his pocket-book, a portion of the con
tents being afterward recovered.
Judge Vose was born in Walpele, No
vember, 1801, and graduated at Har
vard in 1822, and immediately began
the study of law in his father’s office at
Walpole, finishing his studies, and being
admitted to practice at the bar at the
September term, 1825. He was Judge
of Probate for the county of Cheshire
from 1835 to 1841. TFor the past seven
vears he has been President of the Keene
National Bank. He was a lawyer of
ability, and was widely known and uni
‘versally respected. His father, Judge
Roger Vose, died of apoplexy in the
office of Governor Dinsmore, in Keene,
many years ago.
About two years ago, Mr. and Mus.
Follensbee, of Lowell, sent their two
children, a boy and a girl, to Northfield
to live. Subsequently the girl returned
to live with her mother, and the boy,
named George Follensbee, was put
to live with a Mrs. Gilman, in North
field. Since then the father has died,
and the mother, wishing to recover her
boy, learned that about six months ago
he was given to the Shakers in Canter
bury, by Mrs. Gilman. Hearing many
groundless stories in regard to the treat
ment of her boy, she sought legal ad
vice in Lowell last week, for his recov
ery, and on Monday, came to this city,
and consulted with one of our lawyers,
with a view of applying for a writ of
habeas corpus to get him. The legal
gentleman thought such steps unneces
sary, and went with the mother to Can
terbury, during the day, and called up
on Elder Kame, with whom the matter
was satisfactorilly arranged for her to
take the boy by paying a sum for his
board and clothes, which was mutuaily
agreed upon. The boy was found to be
in a fine, healthy condition, attending
school, and very much attached to the
Shakers. When the time for departure
came, the boy was missing, having run
away and secreted himself in a mill. He
was taken back to the office, and made
vigorous demonstrations against accom
panying his mother, but was finally
taken by force, and after nearly succeed
ing in making an escape while on the
way to this city, he arrived here, during
the night, and stopped at the Elm House
with his mother. He represents that he
has been treated in the very kindest
manner by the Shakers, and is desirous
of returning there. The mother and
son left Tuesday for Lowell. The Shak
ers wish that a full investigation should
be made.
FATAL ACCIDENTS.
Mr. Albert D. Avery, a worthy citizen
of Troy, was accidentally drowned on
Wednesday evening, 15th.
Mr. Benjamin M. Carpenter left Keene
village for his home, about four miles
distant, last Friday evening, and was
found dead in his wagon a short time
after. Ilis head was caught between
the wheel and the step, and his neck
broken.
Mr. Adams Norris, of Sullivan, was
instantly killed on Tuesday afternoon by
the falling of a rafter from an old barn
which he was taking down, He was
about sixty years of age, and a man
highly esteemed in the community in
which he lived.
A young man named Straw, employed
on the farm of F. 1. Weeks, about two
miles above Plymouth village, was struck
by the engine of a freight train, while
crossing the track near Merrill’s Cross
ing, with a pail of water, about 11
o'clock Wednesday forenoon, 15th, and
knocked ten feet from the track. He
complained at the time of a bad feeling
in his side, but walked into the house,
anddied Thursday morningof his injuries
which were of an internal nature. At
the time of the accident he had an um
brella spread, and did not hear the train.
ACCIDENTS,
John Stevens, of Enfield, while chop
ping wood a few days ago, cut an ugly
gash in the top of his foot.
Mr. Andrew S. Marden, of Ports
mouth, lost the fore-ﬂn%]er of his left
hand and had the hand otherwise muti
lated by a circular saw, on Friday.
INDEPENDENT STATESMAN.
Frank McClare, a young lad employ
ed in the card room of the Wilton com
pany’s mill, was accidentally caught by
one of the belts and thrown down, Tues
day noen, and seriously injured.
Frank Sturtevant, son of J. C. Sturte
vant, of Lebanon, on Sunday. 12th, step
ped upon a barrel in his father’s barn,
when the barrel rolled, and threw him
to the floor, breaking his right arm just
above the wrist.
On the 13th, as Mr. Prouty, of Ca-|
naan, Vt., was driving one of Mr.
Greene’s six-horse teams, loaded with
clapboards, down a steep hill in Stew
artstown, he slipped on the ice, and fall-
ing forward of the wheels was run over
crushing one ankle, and breaking the
other leg below the knee.
Mr. W. B. Robinson, contractor of the
carpenter work on the new Baptist
church in Manchester, fell from a lad-
der, Tuesday forenoon, while engaged
in turning the button on a bolt, with a
wrench, a distance of forty feet, strik-i
ing his back upon the ground, and caus-
ing an internal rupture, from which he
will probacly die. He was alive this|
nooun, but in an unconscious condition.
A few days ago, while Mrs. William
B. Leavitt, of North Grantham, was
sweeping out a back kitchen, the broom
hit against two guns that were standing
in a corner of the room; one being load-
ed. The one that was not loaded fell
against her, which, it is supposed, caus-
ed the other to go off, the muzzle being
only a few inches from her left ear.
Luckily, she received no injury, only a
deafness of that ear next to the gun.
Two young men, oneengaged in teach-
ing school in the town of Grafton, got
upon the dewn way freight train over
the Northern Railroad, Saturday eve
ning, 11th, at Canaan, for the purpose of
riding toward their home, this side of|
Grafton Summit. Just this side of the
Summit, the engineer discovered one of
the men lying beside the road, and on
‘going to him, found that the teacher had
jumped from the train upon a pile of
stone, covered with snow, and had re
ceived a bad cut over his left eye, and
probably broken his left arm. The other
person also jumped from the train, but‘
was uninjured. The injured man was
removed to a neighboring house, and
medical assistance summoned.
FIRES.
A fire broke out Wednesday morning,
at 7 o’clock, in a stable belonging to Mrs.
Patrick Lyon, on Dover Landing, con
suming it and a lot of hayv.
An old building at the corner of Fleet
and Hanover streets, Portsinouth, was
partially destroyed by fire Sunday morn-
ing. The fire was of incendiary origin.
The inmates of the Keene jail set that
building on fire Saturday afternoon, and
then tried to persuade the jailor’s wife to
release them, to prevent their suffering.
The fire was extinguished, and their ob
ject failed.
The house of John W. Merrill, of East 1
'Columbia, was burned on the 16th. Loss
$1,000: insurance about S4OO. Mrs. M.l
had prepared for “a quilting,” when,
leaving the room for a few moments, she
returned to be met at the door by the
‘merciless flames which spared her neith
er her quilt nor the goodies she had
cooked for her company.
CROPS.
Chandler Butterfield, of South An-
trim, raised an English turnip, the past
season, which weighed nineteen pounds.
Abram Batchelder, of Loudon, has
raised some curiosities in the cabbage
line, this season, the plants being set out
about the middle of June. One plant of
the sugar-loaf variety, grew a very
large head, and five solid heads about
two thirds as large as a man’s fist,
and fourlooseheads. Anotherplant grew
two feet high, on the stock of which
were eighty heads, sfrom the size of a
robin’s egg to that of turkey’s egg.
RELIGIOUS.
Over S4OO was realized from the re
cent fair in Laconia, held by the ladies
of the Congregational society.
The Unitarian society in Lancaster
has contributed S2OO toward rebuilding
Rev. Robert Collyer’s church, in Chi
cago.
The Second Universalist society in
Manchester has voted to suspend its
Sunday services, and Music lall, in
which they have been held, is to be open
ed for concerts, lectures, theatrical per
formances, etc.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A fine deer was killed near Bethlehem
on the 12th, by John Blandon.
Several persons from Newport are
about to emigrate to Nebraska.
A Harrison boiler, of forty-four horse
power, has been put into John W, Busiel
Co.’s mills, at Laconia.
The steamer Island Home, on her pas
sage from Hyannis to Nantucket, a few
days ago, passed a finback whale.
E. S. Flanders, of Moultonboro,’ re
cently killed a pig six and a half months
old that weighed 303 pounds.
James Moulton, of Tuftonborough,
slaughtered a hog on the Bth, that weigh
ed 510 pounds after being dressed.
T. F. Packer, of Greenland, killed
a pig the other day which was eight
months old and weighed 368 pounds.
Mr. Amos Emerson, of Salem, slaugh
tered a hog one year old recently, that
weighed, when dressed, 512 pounds.
A barn belonging to A. 8. Spering, in
Claremont, was blown down during the
storm last week Wednesday.
A dog belonging to E. W. Major, of
Wilton, has killed on the farm during
the summer, one hundred and seventy
woodchucks.
John F. Freese, of Deerfield, shot
on the 14th inst., a gray eagle which
measured 7 feet, 7 iqcﬁes from tip to tip,
and weighed 10 pounds.
A wing of the new brick engine-house,
‘which is being ereeted by the Eastern
Railroad at Igortsmouth was blown
down last week Wedneséay.
The Union bazaar held recently in
Nashua resulted in a net profit of about
SBOO. The proceeds are to establish a
museum for the Nashua Historical So
ciety.
Lumber business promises to be brisk
in Errol the coming winter. David
Thornton Son expect to get in 2,000,-
000 feet, and Wm. W. Bragg 1,000,000
feet.
Dr. Josiah Morse, of Groveton,
killed a piﬁon the 13th, which was six
months and twenty odd days old, which
weighed when dressed and drained, 342
pounds.
The new railroad bridge at Manches
ter, for the North Weare ﬁalh‘oad which
has been built under the superintend
ence of Mr. Dutton Woods, o(P this city,
was oll)ened for travel last Monday morn
ing. It is a very substantial structure,
The Portsmouth 7imes says the price
of salt-marsh hay has gone up fifty per
cent., as it is estimated that many hun-
dreds of tons were destroyed by the tidal
wave, last week.
Messrs. Warren Snow, of Lunen-
burg, Vt., a few days since, thrashed
and cleaned for Mr. Wesley Savage, of|
Lancaster, one hundred bushels of oats
in one hundred minutes.
Twenty new dwelling-houses have
been erected in Pittsfield the present
season, giving employment to about
forty carpenters, besides numerous other
mechanies.
The Lancaster Manufacturing Compa-
ny has recently put in new machinary
for the manufacture of manillaand straw
wrapping-paper. The company manu-i
factures a ton and a half of paper daily.
The new stone dam on the Roberts}
brook, at Mr. Wadleigh’s ax-handle fac
tory, between Rochester and Gonic, was i
carried away Wednesday afternoon, 15th,
by the flood. The cost of the dam was
$660.
The Great Falls Manufacturing Com
pany are running their mills two nights
extra each week until nine o’clock, turn
ing out large quantities of goods which
are selling at a good margin as fast as’
made.
The door of a cattle-car got opened
between East and West Canaan, Mon
day night, 13th, and some of the cattle
took sadden leave of their quarters. An
ox was killed outright, and a cow es
caped into the meadows withbut trifling
injury.
It is estimated that the Wolfeborough
Railroad will cost $200,000, of which
amount the sum of $165,000 is provided
for, and efforts are making to raise the
balance wanted. Itis expected the East
ern Railroad will take a lease of the
road when built, for a long term of years,
and pay six per cent. on the stock. 1
A schooner loaded with lime, belong-
ing to Capt. Patrick Hurley, of Ports
mouth, was driven upon a ledge, off
Clark’s Island, Portsmouath harbor, dur
ing the storm last week Wednesday, and
was cousumed by the chemical com-
bustion of the lime, causing a loss of
$3,000 to the eaptain.
The storm, last week, had a most dam-
aging effect upon the beaches and drive-
ways along the shore at Hampton. At
a point in front of the Ocean House the
original road-bed was broken up, and
north of that point great masses of stone
were washed over into the marsh. This
occurred on the causeway near the'
Granite House, and the same waves
carried Mr. Dumas’s Boar’s-Head b:llh-l
houses up into the middle of the road.
Patents were issued to the follow
ing persons in New Hampshire, for the
week ending Nov. 14th:
Villard C. James, of Fisherville, for
music-stand.
Benjamin F. Porter, of Nashua, as
signor to George T. Garrison, Boston,
Mass., for fur-set box.
Robinson Brown and Edwin A. Blais
dell, of Goffstown, for coffee-pot.
The case of State vs. Manchester
Lawrence Railroad, tried before Judge
Foster, last week, at Portsmouth, is the
first case of a trial under the law im
posing a fine on railroads for causing the
death of any person not in their employ
by carelessness. Benjamin Woodbury
was killed on a railroad crossing in Salem
last December. The court stated the
law, in his charge, applicable tg cases
of this aescription, substantially as fol
lows:
If the life of Benjamin Woodbury was
lost by reason of the negligence or care
lessness of the proprietors of the rail
road, or by the unfitness or gross care
lessness of the officers, agents, or scr-l
vants of the railroad, the said Ben
jamin Woodbury being at the time iu|
‘the exercise of that degree of prudence
'and care ordinarily exercised by persons
l in general, under similar circumstances,
you must bring in a verdict of guilty.
~lf there was no negligence or careless
ness of the proprietors, nor any unfitness
or gross negligence ot the officers, agents,
or servants of the railroad, operating at
the time of this injury and affecting the
personal safety of Benjamin Woodﬁury,
you must acquit the railroad.
If there were negligence or careless
ness of the proprietors, and unfitness
and gross negligence of the officers
agents, or servants ot the railroad, and
yet, notwithstanding such negligence,
if Benjamin Woodbury by his own negli
gence or want of ordinary care, as pre
viously defined, contributed to pro&uce
the fatal result, so that, but for his own
concurring and co-operating negligence,
and want of ordinary care, the injury
would not have happened to him, you
must bring in a verdict of not guilty.
The jury, after a session of sixteen
hours, could not agree.
Solicitor Frink and Gen.Gilman Mars
ton for the State; Albert R. Hatch and
Samuel C. Eastman for the Manchester
Lawrence Railroad.
HENNIKER. About twenty families in
Henniker, sent three boxes of clothing
and money of the value of $l7O, to the
sufferers in the Northwest, last week. A
few weeks ago the same families sent
several boxes of clothing to Charleston,
S. C., for the contrabands, valued at $l6O.
We understand there is a prospect of
a telegraph office being opened at the
depot very soon, arrangements to that
end being in progress.
Two gentlemen, while riding in a
wagon, Sunday, encountered a snow
drift se dee&) that they got through it
with great difficulty.
WarNer., Last Saturday the tele
raph announced the death of Rev. Reu
ﬁen Kimball, at North Conway. He was
born in this town about sixty-seven
vears ago. For many years he was an‘
officer in the Congregational church
here. Late in life he entered the minis
try, and for several years was Pastor of
the church in Kittery, Maine. He after
ward preached in Wilmot, and in North
Conway. He was distinguished for his
‘even piety, and his life was spent in un
obtrusive endeavors to do good to his
fellow-creatures.
The farm of the late C. F. Kimball
‘has been sold for $2,331. W. K. B,
HANOVER. A kerosene lamp recently
exploded in the millinery shop of Mus.
Damon, doing considerable damage to
her stock of goods. What seeme%l re
markable was that the flame shot down
into the bulb of the lamp and without
catching fire, scattered the gll)ass and oil
in every direction. Mrs. Damon was
completely saturated with kerosene, and
must have been terribly burned if the
oil had caught fire, as is generally the
case.
The Dartmouth College catalogue for
the year has just been issued. It shows
the entire number of instructors con
nected with the institution in all its de
partments to be thirty-five, twenty-three
of whoimn belong to the colletge proper.
The students number 400; of these, 282
belong to the Academieal department
63 to the Scientific; 40 to the Medical:
12 to the Agricultural; and 3 to the
School of Engineering. There are 106
scholarships of SIOOO each in the Acad
emicaldepartment._ Fifty-eight of these
arefounded by privateindividuals;: 23 are
from the incomes of land granted by the
State many years ago; 13 are Ministeri
al scholarships; 3 are from the Confer
ences of Gratton, Cheshire., and Hills
borough counties; Ifrom the Portsmouth
North Parish Educational Society; 1
from the South Congregational Sabbath
School, Concord and 1 from the Frank-
lin Street Church, Manchester, and 6
from the Clark and Simmons fund. The
catalogue was printed by Rand Avery,
Boston, in an unsatisfactory manmner,
and is far behind the catalogues of other
years in general appearance.
The Agricultural college is making
good heaﬁway,considering thetimeof'its
establishment. As wasmentionedabove,
it has already 12 students. The new
bgué]gllg and college farm, with all their
facilities, give ample opportunity for
experiments in the various subjects of|
agriculture. F.H.C.
Mirrorp. The citizens of this town
have contributed about $950 in cash for
‘the Western sufferers by fire (including
SIOO by the Odd Fellows and S6O by the
Free Masons), and clothing valued at
$450. making the sum total about $1,400.
By advices from official Western sources,
the money will be placed on deposit, and
the clothing stored, until such time in
the winter as there shall be more urgent
need than now. The object commended 1
[itself’ to almost universal favor, and the
‘contributions are free-will offerings. A
few say that this is out of proportion to
‘contributions for other deserving ob
jects; but others have not been neglect
ed. The Orphans’ IHlome demand was
‘responded to with $260, and the Boston
Home for Little Wanderers with $196.
This may be no cause for boasting, but
‘the town is not usually behind in benev
‘olence, or in the transaction of its own
business. Nearly twenty dwclliug-l
houses have been erected this year,
mostly of a good class. Two bridges
are being built; one across Gilson’s mill
tpond, and the other across the Souhe
gan, at Joues’s Fordway. The schools
}urc in successful operation under the
-management of a Board of Education,
the district system having been abol
-lished. Our course of lectures is in
1O L 73113 dare Q
progress. lon. William Parsons gave
'the first, and Josh Billings” the last
thus far. The Union Hotel has been
sold to a former occupant, and, it is re
ported, will be rebuilt another season.l
The four stopping-places on the railroad
‘are now supplied with station-houses for
the accommodation of travelers. The
Baptist society will remodel or rebuild
their church another yvear. Itis under
advisement. There is a prospect of a
change of pastors in the Congregational
society. Rev. Mr. Priest, late of Ux
bridge, Mass., will supply the Unitarian
desk for the present. General health
prevails, though people die, as in other
places. The three oldest inhabitants
have died during the year, viz: Mrs.
Susan Moore, aged ninety-eight; Rev.
Dr. Moore, ninety-two, and Mr. William
Lovejoy, about cighty-nine years. Six
men, and perhaps as many women, sur
vive, over eighty years of age. P,
ASHLAND. Business has recently tak
en a new start in this town. Improve
ments, enlargements, and settlements
are everywhere to be seen. Everything
is just now on the jump! Blanchard’s
tannery, burnt in the spring, has been
re-built on a larger scale. Clough’s pa
per-mill has been thoroughly built over
and greatly enlarged, and modern ma
chinery put in. Wilder Co.,a heavy
t paper firm in Boston, have recently pur
{chased the two mills belonging to I.
|Scx‘ibner Co. and Wright, Ladd
Co., and are making extensive improve
*ments and will soon have one of the
largest paper manufacturing establish
ments in New Hampshire. They will
run ten large engines and two steam dry
ing-machines—one making a sheet 84,
and one 48 inches wide. They are to
build some tenemen-thouses near their
mills. S. W. Fletcher has recently made
large purchases of timber-lands, and is
making enlargements to his lumber
mills. I. C. Baker has torn down the
old Mitchell paper-mill, and is re-build
ing and enlarging the same. Wm. Whit
man is making large additions to his
flannel-mills—building a brick wing 35
by 70, and will add new machinery. E.
F. Bailey has recently put new wheels,
etc., into his paper-mill, and has one of
the best and most thorough buildings in
town. Stevens Appleyard have added
new machinery to their hosiery works,
and are doing a prosperous business.
The new Town Hall is nearly completed.
John Smith, Jr., is building an addition
to his store, recently bought of Odell,
Tuttle Co., and.will put in a large
stock of goods. C. Follansby has mage
extensive improvements and additions
to his store. D. W. Shaw is re-build
ing his farm buildings, burned last sum
mer. Great improvements are making
in our streets, by widening and laying
coucrete side-walks. A. E. Peaslee,
Henry C. Dearborn, and Charles Dow,
have Luilt dwelling-houses this sea
son. There has been no time for thirty
years when so much buildin’% has been
going on as at the present. The good
time” for which we have so long waited
has indeed come. T.
SuNarkee. The Methodist Episcopal
church in Sunapee was burned to the
ground in June last, and also much of
the business interest of the place. The
society are theroughly crippled, and look
to the people for helll). They are now
endeavoring to provide a place of wor
ship for the winter, in the form of a
vestry. Much has been done by the
people, and the railroads have extended
favors; but still they are in want. Will
not the friends of the cause help? Con
tributions mgiy be sent to Thomas P.
Smith, Esq., Treasurer of Trustees.
Merrimack County Agricultural So
clety.
An adjourned meeting of the Merri
mack County Agricultural Society was
held at the City Hall last week Thurs
day, the attendance being quite good.
In the absence of the President, John
McNeil was chosen President pro tem.)
The following officers were chosen for
the ensuing year:
President—David A. Warde.
Vice-President—John McNeil.
Secretary—Walter A. Webster.
Treasurer—Abraham G. Jones.
Directors—Christopher McAlpine,
Warner; Arthur Clough, Cnuterbur%;
John C. Ray, Dunbarton; Joseph T.
Oloufh, East Concord Wairen F. Dan
iell, Franklin; John Proctor, Andover;
Parker Brown, Bow.
Without transacting further business,
the society adjourned.
H. W. Shaylor, of Portland, has is
sued a new and very handsome Family
Record, which would be a beautifnl or
nament in cvery home. See advertise
ment on cighth page.
Cundurango, the famous cancer cure,
of which we have heard so much the
past year, is now prepared and put be
fore the public by Bliss, Keene Co., of
New York. Its virtues will be found
presented in our advertising columns, to
which we refer our readers.
Heo Adbertisenents.
CAUTION!
THE PUBLIC are hereby cautioned
‘not to be humbugged by
INFERIOR GOODS,
BUT TO CALL AT

HARRIS
AND EXAMINE THE BEST
WATER PROOF

v
BEAVER BOOTS,
EVER MANUFACTURED.
b
WMEN CASES MORE
—OF THE—
54.7 S Calf Boot
(9 Ca oots,
Acknowledged by everybody to be
i
The Cheapest Boots in the Market,
JUST OPENED AT
HARRIS’

MEN'S AND BOYS’
THICK BOOTS,
Selling Low at
HARRIS

AN IMMENSE STOCK
or

RUBBER GOODS,
JUST RECEIVED AT
HARRIS

ALL THE NEW STYLES
OF
LADIES’ FOXED BUTTON
AND BALMORAL BOOTS
i MAY BE FOUND AT

1 HARRIS
Particular attention is called to the
LADIES’ FLANNEL-LINED BOOTS,
made expressly for our trade.
HARRIS C 0.,,
STATE BLOCK.
Concord, Nov. 22, 1871. 173
INSURANCE DEPARTMENT,
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov, 10, 1871.
Having, at the request of the officers, made an
examination of the affairs of the Home Insurance
Company of New York, I find that the Company
had, on the first day of November, of well invested
and available Assets,
$4.8513,570.94,
Liabilities were—
Chicago Losses, deducting amount re
insuredyecccceniaieiertcannenees. $2,139,213.00
Other Liabilities,cceseescosesssccanceese. 201.826.79
£2,430,539.79
Amount required to re-insure all out
standing Ri5k58,............e0v000..1,375,000.00
$3,805,5639.79
Amount of Assets over all Liabilities,
except Capital,. ..o vviennnnan, $1,008,031.15
The Capital Stock of the Company is. ..2,500,000.00
The Ofticers have this day been directed to re
quire the Stockholders to pay up the deficiency, or
SIXTY PER CENT. of said Capital Stock, within
forty days.
The present Assets, and the prospect of a speedy
repairment of the Capital Stock of the Company,
are quite suflicient, infthe opinion of the Superin
tendent, to justify the eontinuance of public confi
dence.
GEORGE W. MILLER, Superintendent.
From the above it will be seen that the Home now
has of a well invested and available assets,” after
paying every loss at Chicago and elsewhere
OF CBDIEAY,: i\ vsvesobinrnnspaissvsses 100608118
Re-Insurance Fund,.....oooovvvieeen 1,375,000.00
$2,383,031.15
To which is to be added the Assessment
on Stockholders now being paid in $1,500,000,00
D. A. HEALD, Second Vice President.,
S. XN, C. EASTMAN, AGENTS,
Rumford Bleck, Concord, N, H.
Nov, 17,1871, deod2mw2m
MUSICAL NOTICE.
EXTRA.
TIIE public_are respectfully invited to call and
examine the lurg invoice of Organs just re
ceived at my Music Rooms,
NEW STOPS---NEW STYLES,
Something superior to anything ever before seen
or heard in this city.
PIANOS, ORGANS, AND MELODEONS SOLD UPON
THE MOST FAVORABLE TERMS OF PAYMENT,
WARREN K. DAY,
Maix Stregr, Coxcorp, N. H,
Nov. 23, 1871, dawtf
MOOSILAUK HOUSE,
WARREN, N. M., FOR SALE,
With the Furniture, Horses, Carriages, §c.
T.H.E HOUSE was refitted, and refurnished the
past season. It is one of the best locations
among the mountains for summer boarders. For
O, By b 0 W. WERKS, Warren, X,
MOV, Bl
61