JVutlctisott |tttcttigcttcci'.
TERMS.
One copy for one year.?.?$ ?.56
six months.-. 1.25
Ten copies for one year.-.-. 20.00
Twenty copies for one year....-.37.50
The clubs of ten and twenty will be sent to any address.
Subscriptions will not be received for a less period than.
six months
ADVERTISING RATES.
Advertisements will be inserted at the rate of One Dollar
per square of ono Inch space for the first insertion, and
JKifty Cents per square for each subsequent insertion.
Liberal contracts mada. with those wishing to advertise
for three, six or twelve months.
OtJltnary notices exceedinpflrreiines will be charged for
at advertising rates.
Announcement of candidates, Five Dollar? in each case,
famed ably Iff ad van ce.
Job Wort cash on delivery, to overy inatMC?.
?r?-.
ANDERSON C. H?, S. C.
j
TH?ESDAY MORNING, OCT, 12, 1871.
jj?* The extraordinary number of new ad?
vertisements excludes much interesting reading
matter from this issue, "Home Views" in?
cluded.
We are informed that Mr. John H.
Burns had bis right hand and arm terribly
lacerated in the cotton gin of Mr. H. R. Van
diver, at Townville, on Tuesday last. His coat
sleeve being caught in the gin was the cause of
the accident. Our informant stated that his
sufferings were intense.
JST" The Charleston papers contain the an?
nouncement of the death of Mr. G. Norton
Leitch, which occurred on Sunday last, in the
26th year of his age. He was the son of W.
Y. Leitch, Esq., and well known in this com?
munity, where his father resided for a short
time about the close of the war. He was a
noble young man, possessing sterling traits of
character, and greatly endeared to family and
friends.
Adjournment of Court.
The September term of the Circuit Court en?
ded on Monday last, after a laborious session of
more than two weeks. Judge Orr manifested
his customary patience and diligence through?
out tho term, and we learn that the dockets
have been cleared of a large amount of old bus?
iness.
Admitted to Practice
On Monday last the examination in open
Court of John E. Breazeale, as applicant for ad?
mission to practice law in the Circuit and Pro?
bate Courts of this State, was conducted by
Messrs. A. T_Broyies, Joseph N. Brown and
W. W. Humphreys. These gentlemen recom?
mended the applicant, and his Honor pro?
nounced the examination very satisfactory.?
?n motion of John B. Moore, Esq., Mr.. Brea?
zeale was admitted to practice law in the Courts
of this State.
Accident.
An accident occured in this town, on Tues?
day afternoon last, which it seems miraculous
did not result more seriously. Three ladies
were riding in a buggy, and as they turned the
corner at the Methodist Church, the horse be
eame frightened, and commenced running and
kicking. Before reaching the next corner, this
buggy ran.against. another buggy, crushing a
front wheel of the first-mentioned vehicle and
throwing theoccupants violently to the ground.
One of the ladies was severely injured, while
the others escaped unhurt. The sufferer, Mrs.
N. Major, was cared for at a neighboring,
residence, and medical aid immediate rendered
by Dr. P. A. Wilhite, who pronounced the in?
juries to be less than was at first supposed.?
She was much improved yesterday morning,
but cannot be removed to her homo in the coun?
try for several days.
Our County Fair.
The Indications are favorable that the next!
Fair will reflect the highest credit upon our
people, and justify the expectation that it willj
be a grand success. The ladies are energeti?
cally at work for the Fair and the Agricultural
Entertainment. Otir farmers, we believe, are j
fully alive to the occasion, and will present a
Splendid array of stock of all kinds and the fin
est specimens of their field crops. The house?
hold department promises to be unusually at?
tractive. Every one should manifest an inter?
est in the Fair, and endeavor to add some at?
traction to this annual gathering. None should
be deterred from entering the contest for
premiums, if they possess articles of merit.?
The greater variety presented the more interest
attaches to the Fair, which is intended to stim?
ulate every effort in agriculture and its kindred
industries.
Sentences.
The following sentences were passed by
Judge Orr, at the recent term of the Circuit.
Court:
Samuel Johnson, Berry Young and Jesse
Williams, (colored,) indicted for disturbing a
religious meeting, were found guilty, and Sam.
Johnson was sentenced to imprisonment for one
month and fined $20; Berry Young, three weeks'
imprisonment and fined $10; Jesse Williams,
two weeks' imprisonment and fined $10, and
each party to satisfy costs. Upon application,
the defendants were allowed to work upon the
streets of Anderson during their respective
terms of imprisonment. Four other colored
men, included in the indictment for disturbing
religious meeting, were acquitted by the jury.
Laura Hall, (colored,) convicted of assault
and battery, was fined $1.00 and costs, with
imprisonment for one month. On paying the
fine and costs, the imprisonment will termi?
nate.
John Sampson, (colored,) was indicted for
petit larceny, and plead guilty. lie was sen?
tenced to two months imprisonment and work
upon the streets, and to pay the costs of prose?
cution.
tS&~ The Charleston News reports a decline
in the yellow feve.- in that city, only thirteen
certificates of death from that disease being re?
ported for the week ending October 7th, and
one of these deaths occurred the previous week.
One death reported on Sunday and one death
on Monday last. Ono hundred and twenty
deaths from yellow fever have been reported up
to last Saturday, which is a lower number than
ever before for the same length of time. J
The Telegraph Completed.
It is with gratification that wo announce the
completion of the telegraph lino aloug the en?
tire route of the Greenville and Columbia
Railroad. The up-country is now in full com
munication with the vast centres of commerce.
This sign of progress is truly encouraging.?
The line to Auderson was opened on last Sat?
urday, and dispatches were sent over the wires
by Mr. Jabez Norton, the Superintendent. The
regular operator will probably open an office at
the Depot for business to-day. The line from
this place to Walhalla has likewise been com?
pleted, and we presume that everything will be
in working order within a few days. We furnish
the annexed congratulatory dispatches, as they
were transmitted last Saturday:
Columbia, S. 0, Oct. 7,1871.
J. A. Hoyty Esq., Editor, Anderson, 8. C.
I would respectfully inform yon, and through
you all the business community, that our tele-:
graph line is now finished and extended over
our entire Road, and they can now enjoy this
great blessing with the rest of mankind.
I am, yours truly,
F. BUSH, President.
j Anderson, S. C, Oct. 7,1871.
F. Busk, Esq., Prcs't. G. C R. R.
Your telegram just received. The business
community of Anderson congratulate you upon
the completion of your line, and trust that tel?
egraphic facilities will inure to the benefit of
all concerned, and your enterprise reap a rich
reward.
Very truly vours,
JAMES A. HOYT.
Gov. Scott repudiates the sentiments
attributed to him by the Columbia Union, in
reporting his speech at the recent meeting of
the Republican State Committee. In an inter?
view with a reporter of the Charleston Courier,
the Governor denies that he ever said that the
pledges of the Democratic leaders in the up
country had been broken, and that he had no
longer any faith outside the strong arm of
power?which is understood to mean martial
law. On the contrary, he is "most unequivo?
cally opposed to martial law," and his princi?
pal object in makiug that speech was to demon?
strate the mistake of such a harsh policy. The
Charleston News, on the other hand, charges
that the Columbia Union reported the Govern?
or correctly, so far as it went, and only "omit?
ted the most violent passages in his speech," in
which he roundly abused the members of the
Taxpayers' Convention. We would advise his
Excellency to revert to his original policy, and
not make speeches of any kind, as explanations
are environed with many difficulties.
General Grand Chapter.
For the information of Royal Arch Masons
in this section,, we will state that at the Trien?
nial Convocation of the General Grand Chap?
ter, held in Baltimore on the 19th of September,
it was decided that hereafter the use of substi?
tutes in conferring the R. A. Degree is to be
considered legal and proper. An amendment
to the constitution was adopted, making "life
members" of the Past Grand High Priests of
the different States composing that body. Im?
portant changes were also made in reference to
the "secret work," which will be communicated
to the subordinates by the Grand High Priests
of the different States. J. H. Druramond, of
Maine, was elected General Grand High Priest.
The next Convocation of the General Grand
Chapter will be held at Nashville, Tenn., on the
last Tuesday in November, 1874.
"The Newspaper Press of Charleston."
The publication of a volume, containing the
chronological and biographical history of the
newspaper press of Charleston, is announced.
It will embrace a period of one hundred and
forty years, and will be worthy the attention of
typhographical fraternity, and the public at
large. The task of collating this work has
been arduous, but it has been faithfully per?
formed, we bare no doubt, as we happen to
know the author's energy and untiring indus?
try in this voluntary labor upon his part. The
sole desire has been to prevent historical facts
of interest to the fraternity and the general
reader from being lost to coming generations.
The work will bo complete in one volume, con?
taining 200 pages, and will be sold by subscrip?
tion at $1.50 in cloth binding.
B&" We are indebted to the Secretary for an
invitation to attend the "Fair of the Carolinas,"
to be held at Charlotte, N. C, on the 24th, 25^
26th and 27th of October.
Old John Robinson's circus and menagerie
is advertised for Winnsboro on the 28th of Oc?
tober.
Gen. Jubal A. Early will deliver the an?
nual address before the State Survivor's Asso?
ciation, which meets in Columbia during fair
week in November.
The Camdcn Journal contains the mar?
riage notice of Delaware Kemper and Fannie
S. Hay. Col. Kemper will be remembered as
the commander of Kemper's well-known bat?
tery.
"The Newberry District Survivor's Asso?
ciation was organized on saleday last. The
election of officers and appointment of dele?
tes to the State Association was the principal
business transacted.
An enthusiastic railroad meeting was held
in Spartanburg ou saleday, in favor of a rail?
road from Augusta to Spartanburg, via Lau
rens and Edgelield. A resolution was adopted
in favor of a convention of the friends of the
movement to be held in Columbia on the 10th
proximo.
The Yorkvillc Enquirer learns that the
grand jury of that county, at the recent term
of Court, spent eight days in the investigation
of the outrages said to have been committed in
that county, and upon the testimony elicited,
some few persons have been presented for in?
dictment.
It is reported that the youngest son of
Baron Rothschild will visit Charleston, when
the yellow fever has disappeared entirely, for
the purpose of conferring with such Israelites in
that city as may wish to remove to Jerusalem,
looking to the selection of that site as a home
for the race generally.
T. J. Ancrum.jr., and A. H. Boykin, of
Camden, were brought before the United States
Commissioner in Columbia last week, charged
with conspiracy against an internal revenue
officer. After examination, they were bailed
in the sum of S2,000 to answer at the next
term of the U. S. Court in that city, on the
fourth Monday in November next.
Ample preparations are being made for
the third annual fair of the State Agricultural
and Mechanical Society. The fair will open
on thcGth of November and close on the 11th.
About S7,000 in premiums will be distributed.
A ladies' bazaar for the benefit of the Monu?
ment Association will be held upon the grounds,
and a grand tournament will be one of the
chief features of the fair. The Survivor's As?
sociation will meet during the week, and will
be addressed by Jubal A. Early. The annual
ball of the South Carolina Club will also take
place, and will be agraud affair. J
ITEMS-EDITORIAL AND OTHERWISE.
There is great need of rain in many of
the Northern States.
There has been a terrible storm in Texas,
doing much damage to crops.
Josiah Turner, Jr., editor of the Raleigh
Sentinel, has been arrested under the Ku Klux
act.
A newly started paper in Louisiana nomi?
nates Mr. Alexander H. Stephens for next
President.
Former Ku Klux prisoners have caused
the arrest of United States Marshal Carrow, of
North Carolina for false imprisonment.
The celebrated Natural Bridge, located in
Rockbridge county, Va., has been purchased by
John W. Garrett, the great railroad king of
Baltimore.
The Democrats of Massachusetts propose
to put their ablest speakers in the field, and to
make a thorough canvass of the State before
the November election.
The Republicans evidently fear that the
coming election will lose them the Legislature
of Ohio. It is conceded that they will elect
the Governor by a reduced majority.
The election in Texas last week resulted
in a complete victory- for the Democrats. The
majority is estimated at 30,000, and every Con?
gressional District has been carried.
Jerry Dixey, who has been in prison
eleven years for murder, died in the Philadel?
phia jail last week. He had been all that
time under sentence of death with the warrant
unsigned.
Brigham Young has been indicted and
arrested for licentiousness. The United States
authorities are proceeding against theMormons
for various offences involving bigamouB prac?
tices, and there is great excitement in Utan.
The municipal election in Savannah on
Monday last resulted in the triumph of the
Democratic ticket, with Col. John Screven for
Mayor, by a majority of over 2,000. One-half
of the negroes are supposed to have voted the
Democratic ticket.
A curious incident of the Nelson-Clanton
killing affair in Tennessee, is that an old man,
named W. B. Smith, at whose house the Sher?
iff stopped to ask after the fugitive Nelson,
when informed of the affair, evinced high ex?
citement, and died in five minutes.
The Lancaster Intelligencer says that "the
prospects of Democratic success in Pennsylva?
nia are very flattering, and they grow brighter
every day. All that is needed to secure a mag?
nificent victory is a full poll of our vote. Let
every Democrat remember and impress it upon
the minds of his neighbors."
Both branches of the Tennessee Legisla?
ture met and organized on the 2ud inst. Gen.
John C. Vaughn was elected to preside over the
Senate, and Hon. James D. Richardson asi
speaker of the House. It is the first time in3
many years that the Legislature has organized
in less than a week.
A dispatch from Savannah states that the
story of the recent land sink in Orange County,
Florida, is a hoax. There has been no such
phenomenon in that section. This statement
would seem to be unnecessary, but for the fact
that several respectable and widely circulated
papers at the North have republishcd the ri?
diculous story with serious editorial comments.
A sad case is that of Mr. William A.
Buchanan, killed by the recent collission on
the Louisville and Nashville road. He was on
his way to the dying bed of his aged mother
in Jeffersonville, Indiana, whose only hope be?
fore surrendering her life to its giver was to be?
stow upon her son her last earthly benediction.
Only a few miles distant that son received the
summons of death first.
Important elections were held in the States
of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Iowa on Tuesday
last, 10th of October. Ohio elects a Governor,
State officer and Legislature; the Legislature
will elect a United States Senator, to succeed
Senator Sherman. Pennsylvania elects an Au?
ditor, Surveyor General and members of the
Legislature. Iowa will elect a Governor, State
officers and a Legislature, which will choose a
United States Senator, in place of Mr. Harlan.
Butler was defeated in the Massachusetts
Republican Convention by Wm.fi, Wasbburne,
who was nominated for Governor. Butler said
that he abided by the action of the Convention,
and intended, within the Ranks of the Repub?
lican party, to carry on "the fight for its reju?
venation, for its purification, for the advance?
ment of labor, for the suppression of vice and
for its great mission." Think of Butler as a
crusader in behalf of purification and the sup?
pression of vice I
Destructive Fire in Chicago, Illinois.
The most extensive conflagration that ever
took place on this continent occurred in Chica?
go a few days ago. The details as reported by
telegraph are simply heart-rending, and no
language can more vividly depict the awful
scene than this bare recital of the facts as they
transpired. We give the principal portion of
the dispatches received in the Columbia papers
of Tuesday;
Chicago, October 9.?Saturday night's fire
was subdued after the loss of $500,000. Vin?
cent Nelson Co.'s immense grain elevator
was saved. Another fire in the Western dis?
trict commenced at 9 o'clock Sunday night, two
miles distant from the court house. At 2
o'clock, the fire had spread fearfully. The
flames approached the telegraph office and the
wires commenced falling. The wind is blow?
ing a gale from the South, and flaming brands
are flying over the city, threatening destruction
everywhere. The tower of the court house
caught fire from a flying brand. The fire has
reached West and Monroe streets?a mile from
its origin. The fire is beyond the control of the
firemen. Immense lumber yards, with freight
depots, have burned. The loss already amounts
to many millions. The whole city is threatened.
The panic is increasing. At half past 2 o'clock,
the telegraphers abandoned the Western Union
telegraph office.
Washington, Oct. 9.?Thirty-four blocks
have been burned in Chicago, and the fire is
still raging. The Mayor of Chicago has sent a
message to the Mayor of St. Louis, asking food
for the sufferers, saying the city is in ashes.?
The water works were burned to the ground.
Other accounts say the Tremout House, posit
office, telegraph building and Merchants' Ex?
change have been burned.
Later.?The fire is still raging and spread?
ing South. A railroad superintendent tele?
graphs that the fire has reached Wabash aven?
ue, and is spreading rapidly. His location is
three miles South of Wabash avenue. He ex?
presses the opinion that the fire will reach him
before night.
Chicago, October 9?10 A. M?The entire
business portion of the city is destroyed. All
the banks, express, telegraph offices and news?
papers, except the Tribune, six elevators and
the water works have already been destroyed.
No water in the city. Not less than 10,000
buildings have already been destroved. The
fire has burned a distance of five miles, and is
still raging. The wind is blowing a gale. It
will be almost impossible to get any reliable
detailed particulars for some time, as thero is
only one telegraph wire working, and that only
to the suburbs.
Ciiica(K), October 9.?Madison Market, Clin?
ton, Jefferson, Buffalo and Oriswold streets arc
ruined. Doth sides of the Chicago River arc
a mass of ruins. Efforts to save the Court
House and gas works were futile. Thirty or
forty vessels are burning now, and many have
been destroyed. Every man in the city has
been called to do duty. Nearly every bridge
across the Chicago River has been burned. All
is terror.
5 P. M.?The fire is under control. Three
quarters of the city, lying North of the river, is
in ruins. The entire business part of the city
North of Twelfth street, on all sides of the riv?
er and branches, is destroyed. Every prinLing
office, hotel and railroad depot has been burned.
The whole North side is reported destroyed. A
large district is still burning on the West side
of North Twelfth street. The fire has been
stayed at Harrison street. From thence to di?
vision stand, from the river to the lake, an area
of four miles long and one wide, all has been
swept ofT. The wind is blowing a gale from
the Southwest. A change to the North is al?
most sure to sweep the entire residence district
South of Twelfth street. It is asserted the wa?
ter works arc still all right; but the water has
been shut off South to supply the demand on
the North. Thousands arc leaving the city by
every available means. Great hunger and suf?
fering is inevitable. livery city and town of?
fers assistance. Buffalo subscribes $100,000;
Cincinnati $200,000 St. Louis $75,000. In re?
ply, the Mayor asks for cooked food for thesuf
fering. Firemen from other cities are en route
to Chicago.
The very latest says the conflagration pro?
gresses. Assistance is going from all directions.
The railroads carry provisions on fast trains
free.
T. Ross Robertson, Esq., has taken edi?
torial charge of the Winnsborb Newa and Fair
field Herald.
The Lexington Dispatch enters upon its
second volume in an enlarged form and with
favorable auspices for the future.
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.
At a regular convocation of Burning Bush
Chapter, No. 7, R. A. M., held at Anderson
C. H., S. C, on Monday, Oct. 2nd, 1871, the fol?
lowing Preamble and Resolutions were adop?
ted:
Whereas, in the Providence of that God
whom we acknowledge, and in whom we trust,
our circle has again been broken, and our
hearts have been made sad by the removal of a
companion from our midst by the messenger of
Death?one who gave in all his associations
with us and the world, the evidence of those
virtues inculcated by Masonry, which have
lived from time immemorial with all good men,
and are as expansive as the arch of Heaven.
Therefore, be it
Resolved, That in the death of our esteemed
Companion, Dr. Sidney R. Havnio, wo have
sustained tho loss of a good and faithful Com?
panion?one who never failed to give undoubt?
ed evidence of his attachment to the principles
and duties of our order; and while we would
bow with submission to this behest of an ever
just Providence, his life of consistency has in?
delibly inscribed his virtues upon our hearts,
and in tho temple of brotherly affection.
Resolved, That we offer our heartfelt sympa?
thies and condolence to the family of our de?
ceased Companion, and our earnest prayer for
the protection and guidance of Him who has
promised to shield the widow and protect tho
orphan.
Resolved, That a blank page in our record
book be dedicated to his memory, on which
shall l>e inscribed his name, deathand age.
Resolved, That tho Secretary is hereby in?
structed to transmit a copy of these resolutions
to the family of our deceased Companion, and
also to tho Anderson Intelligencer for publica?
tion.
e*? A truo extract from tho Minutes.
J. BAYLIS LEWIS, Sec.
THE MARKETS.
Anderson, October 11,1871.
The cotton market has been active for the
past week. Prices ranged to-dav from 173 to
181.
Corn, 90 cts.; Bacon, 124; Flour, $10.00 to
$12.00 Peas, 00 to 81.00.
Charleston, Oct. 9.
Cotton quiet, with sales of 300 bales. Low
middling 18* to 18?.
New York, Oct. 9.
Cotton quiet; sales 2,230 bales?uplands 192.
New York, October 8.?Receipts of cotton
at all ports for the week 40;044 bales, against
34,073, last week, 20,000 previous week, and 12,
501 threo weeks since. Total receipts since.Sep?
tember 122,508, against 192,200 for the corres?
ponding period ol tho previous year. Decrease,
09,(J70. Exports from all ports for the woek
13,198, against 1G,8S3 for tho same week last
year. Total exports for tho expired portion of
tho cotton year 50,024, against 45,43S for tho
same timo last year. Stock at all ports 110,3*5,
against 144,487 for tho same time last year.
Stock at interior towns 22,309, against 25,759
last year; stock in Liverpool 499,000, against
538,009 last year. American cotton atloat for
Great Britain 30,000, against 23,000 last year;
Indian cotton alloat for Europe 010,017, against
389,433 last year. The South has been visited,
during the week, by a severe storm, which
passed up the Atlantic coast and extended all
through, with severity, into portions of tho in?
terior. This has interfered, to somo extent,
with picking, and has also checked the move?
ment of cotton from tho plantations to the
Southern sea-ports. This storm has probably
done considerable damage, although nothing
definite is yet known in regard to the extent
of it.
THE FASHIONS!
The readers of the Intelligencer aro assured
.by tho proprietor of tho "Emporium ov Fash?
ion" at Abbeville, S. C, that his stock of Dry
Goods and Millinery was never so large and
attractive as it is this season. Nothing that
could bo thought of has been left undone His
stock was bought with a great deal of care.
There aro larger stocks in tho State, but when
it comes to real handsome and stylish goods,
tho "Emporium of Fashion'' is unsurpassed.
Especial attention is called to his stock of Dress
Goods, Shawls and Millinery, and to many ar?
ticles useful and ornamental for ladies, not to
be found in any other house in the up-country.
Mrs. Cain, in charge of the Millinery Depart?
ment, has been in Baltimoro for two months
looking up and studying the styles. She is as?
sisted by Miss Small, Mrs. Wier and MLss
Cator.
The Dross Making Department is in ehargo
of Miss Twkeddale, lately in charge of a fash?
ionable dress making establishment in Balti?
moro. Sho is assisted by the Misses Taooart
and threo othor ladies of skill in this depart?
ment.
Samples of Dress and any other goods that
can be cut, will be sent upon application. La?
dies can order Hats, Bonnets, or anything in
the Millinery Department, and the goods will
bo sent by Express.
Satisfaction guaranteed in every case; but,
ladies, do not put your limit too low. We use
the best materials, ami don't pretend to eom
peto with common materials and untasty work.
Our prices for Hats run from 83 to 810. Wowill
duplicate any bill of Millinery bought in any
city at one-third less price. But, ladies, we
would rather you would come, that you can
judgo for yourselves, and mako your own se?
lections. Passengers by tho morning's train
havo two hours to stay in Abbeville.
Ycry respectfully,
JAMES W. FOWLER,
Proprietor Emporium of Fashion,
Abbeville, S. C.
Oct 12, 1871 15 2m
Wynne Council, No. 4, Royal and
Select Masters.
rrinic Regular Convocation of Wynne Coun
X eil. No. 4. Royal and Seleel Masters, will
be held in the Council Room on Monday Night,
October Kith, 1871, at 7* o'clock. The Royal
and Select Masters will be punctual in Atten?
dance, and candidates for the Degrees are noti?
fied to be present.
Bv order of the Th.\ Til.'. Grand Master.
A. P. HUBBARD, Recorder.
Oct 12, 1871 15 1
NOTICE
IS hereby given that an application will bo
made at the next session of the Legislature to
amend I he Charter of tho Town of lioneaPath.
Oct 12, 1871 15
Trust what Time lias Sanctioned.
The maxim that tho voice of the people is the
voice of the divinity, may in some cases, bo
open to doubt, but tiie testimony of honest and
enlightened witnesses extending through a sc?
ries of years, and all to the same purport, is
worthy of credence, admits of no question.?
Upon such testimony the reputation of Ilostet
tcr's .Stomach Bitters as an antidote and cure
for many ailments is based. During tho twenty
years that it has been before the world, innu?
merable preparations inteuded to compete with
it, have gone trp like rockets, and come down
the extinguished sticks. Meanwhile tho prog?
ress of that incomparable tonic has been swift
and steady?always upward and onward, liko
the eagle's flight. Its introduction produces a
revolution in therapeutics, and it proved to be
one of those salutary revolutions that cannot go
backwards. To-day Hostetter's Bitters is one
of the most popular remedies in Christendom,
and commands a larger salo than any other
medicinal preparation, domestic or imported,
on this side of the Atlantic. As a cure for dys?
pepsia, bilious disorders, nervous affections,
general debility, and as a preventive of epidem?
ic fevers, it takes precedence of every other
remedy. This fact should teach the ambitious
country dealers who endeavor to foist their
local abortions on the public in its stead, how
futile their small attempts to cajole t'.e com?
munity must necessarily bo. Where t ie game
fish have tailed there is no chance for the
"suckers."
Religious Notice.
We are requested to announce that the Minis?
ters' and Deacons' Meeting of the Second Union
District of the Saluda Baptist Association will
be held at Washington Church, in Greenville
County, on Friday before the fifth Sabbath in
this month. The Union Meeting takes place on
Saturday.
Also, the Ministers' and Deacons' Meeting of
tho First Unoin District will be held at First
Creek Church, in Anderson County, on Friday
before the fifth Sabbath in this month, and the
Union meeting on Saturday.
All tho churches composing the First and
Second Union Districts respectively are re?
quested to send delegates to tho places above
named.
Improvement in Charleston.
Among the recent improvements in Charles?
ton is the warehouse and builders' depot of Mr.
P. P. Toai.e, the manufacturer of Doors, Sashes
and Blinds, extending through from No. 20
I lay no street to No. 33 Pinekney street, and
said to be the most extensive as well as the
most complete establishment of the kind South
of Baltimore.
Do You Yalue Your Sight?
IF SO, USE THE CELEBRATED
PARABOLA
SPECTACLE EYE-GLASS,
THERE is nothing so much desired as per?
fect sight, and perfect sight can only bo
obtained by using perfect Spectacles, the diffi?
culty of procuring which is well known. Tho
PARABOLA SPECTACLES improves, pre?
serves and strengthens the sight, made in Gold,
Silver, Steel and Shell, from ?2.50 to ?12.00.
Also, an excellent article in Steel and German
Silver, from 50c. to ?1.00. Spectacle Cases from
20c. to 25c., by
P. C. v. BORSTEL.
STRIKING ALARM CLOCKS,
Of latest patterns. Come and see. From
five to twelve dollars.
Engagement and Wedding Rings,
18 and 20 carats fine?Gold?Warranted.
Gold and Rolled Plate Jewelry.
In the various styles and patterns for Ladies
and Gents, including Breast-Pins, Ear-Rings
and Drops, Chains, Bracelets, Keys, Silver
Thimbles, Studs, Collar and Sleeve Buttons,
Pocket Knives, &e.
Watches, Clocks, Jewelry and
Musical Works
Carefully repaired at reasonable prices. All
thorough repairs warranted for twelvemonths.
Watch Glasses fitted for 23 cents, bv
F. C. v. BORSTEL,
No. 4 Brick Range.
Choice Family Flour
For sale, at small advance on cost, by
F. C. v. BORSTEL.
INSURE IN TIIE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON
ANn
GLOBE INSURANCE CO.
C. T. LOWNDES, Gen. Agent,
No. 10 Broad Street, Charleston, S. C.
CAPITAL, $18,000,000, GOLD.
F. C. v. BORSTEL, Agent for. Anderson Co.
Oct 12, 1871 15
Yaluablc Real Estate for Sale
i
IN THE
TOWN OF WALHALLA.
-0
THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
OCONEE COUNTY.
Catharine Bahntge, vs. Henry Bahntgc and
others.?Complaint for Partition of Jieal Es?
tate.
IN pursuance of tho Decretal Order in the
above stated case, I will sell before the
Court House door in Walhalla, on the FIRST
MONDAY IN NOVEMBER next, that por?
tion of tho
REAL ESTATE
Belonging to tho Estate of the late Henry
Bahntge, situate in the town of Walhalla, and
known in the plan of said town as lots No. 28
and 30, containing one acre, more or less.
This property is improved?containing Store
House and Dwelling, with the usual appurte?
nances, and is one of the most convenient and
desirable locations in the town of Walhalla.?
Titles good, and may be inspected at the office
of Whitner iV Synimes, Walhalla, S. C.
TERMS.?One-third cash?balance on a credit
of one and two years, with interest from day of
sale, secured by bond and mortgage. Purcha?
ser to nay extra for stamps and titles.
J. H. ROBINS, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1S71 15 4
"SCIRE FACIAS."
GILREATH BURGKS,
CONDUCT A FIRST CLASS
TINWARE ESTABLISHMENT
AND are prepared to oxceuto at the shortest
notice, and in the best workmanship,
anything in that line. Their salesroom is con?
ducted by an attentive and experienced sales?
man, who will be pleased to have tho public
give him a call and examine tho stock and
prices.
ORDERS SOLICITED.
COOKING STOVES made a speciality. A
full stock of Stoves of every description always
on hand, and at prices to suit all.
Competition delicti. Thev cannot bo under?
sold
COTTON RAGS bouimtat the hiebest price!
WRAPPING PAPER in any quantity at S
cents por pound.
IVO. Ii 13KICK RANGE,
AXDERS0>, S. C.
Oct 12,1871 15
STYLISH
DRESS MAKING.
R. C. SHIVER CO.,
columbia, s. c,
ARE now prepared to receive orders for
DRESS MAKING, and have the same
done with dispatch and in the
TIP OF THE FASHION.
They have secured the services and superin?
tendence of
MIZS ANNIE WITTVOGEL,
assisted ny
MADEMOISELLE CAEN,
Ono year from Paris, and employ none but
the best hands. Wo guarantee everything we
do to satisfy.
BRIDAL TROUSSEAUS
Gotten up at short notice. Orders solicited,
R. C. Shiver tfc Co., dealers in Millinery, Dry
Goods, Boots and Shoes. Furs, Carpets, Hats,
and an endless line of other Merchandize.
R. C. SHIVER. DAVID JONES.
Oct 12, 1S71 15 I
SHERIFFS SALE.
THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, 7
Anderson County.
IN TJIE PROBATE COURT.
Robert Spence vs. Margaret Carter, Hugh?
Spence and others.?Petition for Partition, &cr
BY virtue of a Decretal Order from the Court
of Probate, in the above stated case, tome
directed, I will expose to sale on the First
Mondav in November next, at Anderson Court
House,*the following tracts or parcels of land,
situated in Anderson county, on waters of Big:
Creek, sold as the Real Estate of Robert Spence,
deceased, to wit:
TRACT NO. 1,
Containing 72 acres, more or less, adjoining;
lands of Mrs Welbora and Tract No. 2.
TRACT NO. 2,
Containing 33 acres, more or less, adjoining
Tract No. 1 and Mrs Welborn.
TRACT NO. 4,
Containing 50 acres, more or less, adjoining
Tract No. 2 and George Anderson.
Terms of Sale.?On st credit of twelve?
months, with interest from day of sale, except
the costs, which will be required cash; pur?
chaser giving bond with approved surety, and
a mortgage of the premises to secure the pay?
ment of the purcliasc money, with leave to an?
ticipate payment at any time. Purchaser to?
nay extra lor papers and*stamps.
lJ WM. McCUKIN, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1871 15 4
SHERIFF'S SALE.
THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Anderson County.
IN THE PROBATE COURT.
Whitaker Hackctt and Mary L. Major vs. Wm.
Harper, Administrator, Ann Brooks, ct ai.?
Petition for Partition.
BY virtue of a Decretal Order from the Court
of Probate to me directed in the above
stated case, I will expose to sale on the First
Monday in November next, at Anderson Court
House,
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Containing 212 acres, more or less, situate in
Anderson county, on branches waters of Six
and-Twenty Mife Creek, bounding lands of M.
B. Scott, J. Harper, Thomas Simpson and W.
Major. Sold as the real estate of Albert Hack
ett, deceased, plats of which will be exhibited
on day of sale.
Terms of Sali;.?On a credit of twelve
months, with interest from day of side, except
the costs, which are to be paid cash; purchaser
to give bond aud good security and a mortgage
of the premises to secure the payment of the
purchase moner, with leave to anticipate pay?
ment at any time. Purchaser to pay extra for'
papers and stamps.
WM. McGUKIN, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1S71 15 4
SHERIFF'S SALE.
THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, 1
Anderson County. j
IN THE PROBATE COURT.
Sarah A. Kay, Administratrix, vs. James L.
Campbell and wife, James L. Kay, et aL?Pe?
tition for Partition of Real Eetate.
BY virtue of a Decretal Order from the Court
of Probate, in the above stated case, to me
directed, I will expose to sale on the First
Monday in November next, at Anderson Court
House,
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Situato in Anderson County, containing 113
acres, more or less, bounding lands of Drayton
Stringer, A. M. Neal, and others, known as tho
Wm. Erskine place. Sold as the Real Estate of
Wm. Ka\% deceased.
Terms of Sale.?On a credit of twelve
months, with iuterest from day of sale, with
leave to anticipate payment; purchaser to give
bond with approved surety, and a mortgage of"
the premises to secure the payment of the pur?
chase money. Purchaser to* pay extra for pa
and stamps.
WM. McGUKIN, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1871 15 4
SHERIFF'S SALE.
THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Anderson County.
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.
John A. Amick, Plaintiff, vs. A, W. Richard?
son, Louisa E. Gray, and others, Defendants.
?Complaint for Partition.
BY virtue of a Decretal Order from the Court
of Common Pleas, to me directed, I will
expose to sale on the First Monday in Noveni-?
ber next, at Anderson Court House,
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Containing 130 acres, more or less, situate'm
Anderson county, on waters of Six-and-Twen
ty Mile Creek, bounding lands of D. M. Stott,
John Harper and others. Sold as the real es?
tate of David Richardson, deceased.
Terms of Sale.?On a credit of twelve
months, with interest from day of sale, except
the costs and fifty dollars, which will be requi?
red cash; purchaser to give bond with good
security, and a mortgage of the premises to se?
cure the payment of the purchase money, with
leave to pay the whole or any part thereof at
anytime. Purchaser to pay* extra for papers
and stamps.
WM. McGUKIN, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1871 15 4
SHERIFF'S SALE.
BY vlrtno of Executions to mo directed, I
will expose to sale at Anderson C. H., on
the FIRST MONDAY in NOVEMBER next,
within tho legal hours of sate, tho following
property, to wit:
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Situato in Anderson county, containing 115
acres, more or less, on waters of Little Heaver
dam creek, adjoining lands of Pickcns Carroll
and James Stewart.
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Situate in Anderson county, containing 450
acres, more or less, known as the Wm King
place, adjoining lands of Mrs Dobbins, James
Stewart, homestead of tho defendant, and oth?
ers.
ONE TRACT OF LAND,
Containing ISO acres, more or loss, known as
tho Sloan Ferry place, on waters of Seneca
River, bounding lands of tho Mstato of.lohn
B Karle, deceased, Dr W L "Iroyles, James
Stewart and others. This tract to be sohl sub?
ject to mortgage.
All the above levied on as the property of
Robert A King, at the suit of William P King,
and others.
Terms Cash?purchaser to pay for titles and
stamps.
WM. McG UK IN, Sheriff.
Oct 12, 1871 15 4