The Daily Intelligencer, y y 4 M M Tlie Weekly Intelligencer
w WWftow IlK J radium;
1 S ^Jr /+M runnormwucKLi,
1ttoeeiwjitto. *?J blnglocopj, (orono jeu, la ?dTiac?,....| 110
Dvltvorod bj C*irlun,i>?r VMk 15 .IT rnnnth. i ni)
uiobi o! Tua U 00
_ 14 of Fifteen IB 00
VOL. XX. WHEELING, W VA SATURDAY MORNINU, NOVEMBER 11 1871 NO 69 i 3?S^":::=:::8S
BU moptlM, la 4nwn? Aad w oztn oopj to Uicpertua gutting up club.
Thru* mnntha. In I^VIUM. 1 OQ PodtniAflUsT* ATI) mraufttcd tO ICt U AtfUUU.
For Rent.
jjpOKKENT- m
OSS l.ABUS Yr'ASEHOCSS.
Coutxilly located on Mulii itrcot Alio, one oa^
yulucy itreuL Apply to
uov 10 VV. L. McAFEB.
For 8 ale.
IjlXECUTOJlS' SALE OF t'EHSfiS^
AL I'llUPBUTY.?All Itw Bouiibuld >ud
Kite lieu Furniture belonging to tho estate of
Martha Knox, la to of Ohio county, deceased, will
be sold at public auction by thu unduralgnud on
TUESDAY, November 9lat, 1871,
At tba lata reaideuce of Mid Martlu Kim on
Main street, above UdIod, beginning at 10
o'clock a. M.
Tartnaof sale caab, D. 0. LIST,
JAB. P. KOUIKS,
novIO Bxecutora of MartbaJLnox, doc'd.
A HARE CHANGE FOR A BU8LJY
NKSS MAN.?FOR BALB?The Block,
tUturea, Ac., ot a iietall Grocery Store, now doing
a good buainuaa, and In one of tbe beat loca
lloua In tho city. Batlabctory rcaaona glveu fur
oil lug. Thla la au opportunity for Imalneaa
Hiildmn met with. Apply to
8. L. CUTHBIHT,
novfl M'Laln'a Block, Monroe Bt.
p()K BALK! f
A (JOHN Kit BUILDING,
Containing a Dwelling and Btore Room, altuatcd
In the town of Benwood, oppoalto I'nlon Hall.
pot7 JOHN gBOUP, Proprietor.
Foit sale low and on easv 1
TBRMS-A flratclaia Tannery, two atonr I
Mrlck iliilldin^. bti fuel by 111, with all the modem
Improvemcnte and In good running order.
The low prico and location would mako It i
available for any oilier manufacturing purpoae.
Alao a good Brink Dwelling Houao with 10
ritouia and full lot,on Hampden etrent.
W. V. HOOK A BRO.,
no*! Market hi mil. _
For sale-one uooi> wake- 1
ROOM on Mouroe atreeL
one comfortable Dwelling Homo on Monroe
llreet. f j
Two new Urick Dwelling Houaca on t^ulncy
atreet.
uiiu new llttlo Cottage on the Island, on Broad-
way. I. IRWIN,
octt Real Relate Agent.
rpltUST SALE.?UY VIKTUE OV A.
L Deed of Truat made to mo by William Ho- i
mi k aud Nancy lloaack hie wife, of Cameron, In
Marshall county, Weat Virginia, bearing date the
Jli-t duy of December, 18GM. I will, on I
SATURDAY, the Mth day of Nor., A. D. 1871,
uii the premlaea Intbu town of Cameron, lu the
n.unty of Marahall, Btato of Weat Virginia, at
III o'clock k. u of that day, proceed to null at r
iiuhlle aalo all tho right, title and Interest of tho
aid William Hoaack and Nancy lloaaflc hla wtfo 1
in and to tho tollowlng detcrlbed real eatate,
mil lit 10 say, an uieir rigui. uuoana interest in
utiil U) t ho undivided one-half of lot of ground
situated 1n Mouth Cameron, Marshall county,
Wnl Virginia, known an lot No. (Ifil sixteen; 1
aluo ll?) undivided Interest of the said William p
llosa< k and Nancy Ull wife In and to the followIng
described property situated In tbe town of f
'aim-run. and fiou uded and doscrlbod aa foliowi,
to wli: Heuinnlng at a stake, thence Ik deg.
w. thirty one feet to a stake, thence n. HI deg. e. r
sixty seven feet to tho Poplar Hprlngi road,
tln-nce thirty-two and onu-balf feet along aald 1
mini to a stake, thence fl. B4 deg. w. seventy-
i-iulituhd ouebalf feet to .the beginning; also,
inn- half ?>r an alley now open between the lot
niuntioncd and another lot belonging to James
Kill ton, or the city of Baltimore, Maryland, 1
which alley Is eight feet, more or less, In width
nt the front on I'oplar Boring road, and runs back
to the rear of lot adjoining on the north belong- c
lug to said Jatnea Fulton, and at the reor or said
lot Is ten reel, tnoro or leas, iu width, the portion 1
of said alley hereby conveyed la tho one-half t
thereof, to wlt: lour fret front and five feuLmore
or less, at the rear, saving and reserving oil* ol li
the promises hereby conveyed, tho rlubt to Ibe
llnltiinoro and Ohio Hallroad Company to re- 1
move, niter mid repair certain pipes through said p
premisea, now used and occupied by thusnid
ttie water station on their road, mid also reserv-
IniC to said James Fulton tho rl?ht to have, um? 1
anil maintain tliu track running serosa tlio reartnd
of said lot, being nn extension ot tho "Y" as tl>o
Mini* m now used and occupled aa lone nald t
and track Is kept open ittul tmed hy raid i
Coin puny up to tho lot hereby conveyed from tho
main track of said Baltimore and Ohio Ksiiroatl; r
also a lot of ground In tho vllla^u of Cameron.
In Marnliall county, Btate of Wcat Vlrglnlu, ami
which lot la bounded on the south by a tot of
Charles Keller, and on the went by an alley, and
on tho north by a lot of Itenry Monro's, and on
the east by Itlggtcr lot, and being the samo pro.
petty heretofore conveyed by D. II. LMx and wife
to tho lalil William Iloaack.
Thsna op Palb?One-half cash, balance three,
six ami nine months. K. J. I'OltTRK,
octo Trustee.
WELLING HOUSE
FOR 8AL.K
I offer for pals tho houo In which T nowro-dCM
side, situate on John street, a few doors Hil
ant of Fifth. The house Is a substantial JUL
two-'Story brick containing eight room*, besides
a hath room and kitchen, and a finished
attic, with a good cellar, hot aod cold water In
btth-rooms. The house la In good order and
well located and In every way a desirable property,
being but a little orer a square from tliw
I'ostOfllco. Thoro is also on tho premises a good
DIIIOK BT A OLE,
sufflclont for four hbrses, and a carriage house.
Any ou? wishing to purchase can exainiue tho
premises at any time.
sepuu _ _ JNO.F.McDKHMOT.
T8LAND LOTB FOIt BALE.
having sold all tho lota offered at|300cach.
eicept two, I now offer ten lots fronting on the
wst aide of Rliu and Chestnut strrets and extending
to the river. Price from fVX) to ftI,OU0
each, according to lise and location. Terms,
one-fourth cash, residue In equal Installments at
one, two and three years.
J NO. P. OIIA'HKIST.
?utf4 Al Top Mill. 1
Code of West Va.
FOR SALE.
By direction of the Secrc
tary of the State, I offer for
salo copies of the
Code of West Virginia,
The prloo a* fixed by tha
Secretary Is Five Dollars per
volumA. If by mall, SB.64.
Address,
JOHN FREW,
Wheeling, W. Va.
KHIC A N
Airinciai stone works,
WM. KRAU8E A CO.,
PIlIliADBIiPIIIA,
Mann factorert of the Durable And Beautiful
Artificial Pavement,
P"r Road*. Pidowalka AndOardenwalka, p^aaI
tlonc flaRiclBK, anil coat* from 15 to 75 pet
rent |?*m. Finoii for Ice Ilonaea, Browcrie*,
Kitehena, Cellar*, Ac. Floor Tilea for Store*,
Hotela, Ifalla, Ac., In a vnrletv of Color*. liona?
fwir *n<l covered In any color aton?.
?<r?mrt. ry Rnrloanrra, Vaaea, Monnmenta, Btepw,
Window aim Door SUll, Ac,
Office on Market street. In Hamllton'i no#
Nock, oppoalte rity Bank, where a apeclmen of
lie pavement CAn he aeen
Ordera for any of thn above received by
oettf .J AH HAMILTON,
General Agent for Weal Ya.
UktMAlifmr.
A New Bad Important Railroad
Praject.
A telegram <rom Catlettsburg, Ky., in
our colums tliU morning, in councctiou
with some explanation, may Uava noma
interest for West Virginia readers. The
"railroad commissioners" from West Virginia
therein referred to are doubtless tho
commissioners ot the West Virginia Central
liuilway, tbougb it is doubtful if
more tiian one ol tbem was present.
Tbe charter oi tl)e West Virginia Central
was granted in 1884, end originally
included a gilt of tbo unfinished Covington
Ohio road between Charleston and
the mouth of Sandy. The charter lapsed
and ni renewed by the Legislature, ami
was Anally placed in the hands of
Commissioners. There being little prospect
tbul the Commissioners would bo
able at a very early day to aecuro the
building of the road, tho gift of the line
uf the Covington is Ohio, referred to, waa
withdrawn, and it waa given to tho Ohea?I
wake iS Ohio. Tho present Commissioners
are Z. D. IUmsiiki.i,, of
Wayne, D. I). T. Faiinswoutu, of
Upshur, Bi'Encbh Dayton, ot Harbour, 1
and lion. .1. C. McOititw and W. U. 1
Uhank, ot rreaton. Tho charter names
routo beginning on the l'enniylvania 1
lire and running by llrandonville, near
Kingwood, by Independence, on thoB.
Kallroad, by Buckhannon and Charloa-
ton to thu moutli of Handy: but It pro-
vidqs that If Uila routo be lountl Impracllcablo
or disadvantageoua tho roaci may i
itart on the llnu anywhere in I'reaton or i
Monongalia, thence to tho waters of Elk I
md thence via Ohacleston to the Handy.
The Kentucky A ureal J&nstern company
is an organization, having its offlce
n Cincinnati, designed, us we understand,
10 construct a short lino of railway between
New York and the terminus ot the
irojected Southern Pacific(El l'aso) road,
len Fkbuont is one of llie moving spirits
md Gen. Hanks, of Massachusetts, uuoth;r.
The recent visit o| the latter to
Europe was in the interests of the Comluny
and was altogether successful. This
:ompany perceiving that the direct line
lought by tlicin lies through West Virginia
and is covered by the charter ol the
iVest Virginia Central has opened corresMHidence
with the Commissioners and has
uudo a specific proposition to construct
lie road under the chartcr.
The negotiations have progressed so far
hut a meeting lias been proposed by the
ommifsloncrs for tho consummation of a
ontruct and one of their number was nuhorizod
to visit Cincinnati and arranged
line and place, they proposing that it be
icld at Washington. We presuino Mr.
nlsmoncra at Catlottsburg yesterday, that
ic had gone there with other gentlemen
nterestcd in a projected coal road down
landy river, on buslhesi connected with
hat project, and that his meeting with the
flco' Presidont of tho K. G. E. Coinlany
waa ratlicr tlio result of accident
linn design. That Company Is busy
vorking out u lino through Kentucky,
t has an option on a road from Memphis
o Louisville, nod has secured tho partally
built road from Covington (opposite
Cincinnati) to Handy, to help complete
vhlcli tho counties along tho route are
isked to subscribe. We presume tho
flee President was there on that bttsl-
less, mm iuih mo >yesi virginm genue* ncn
were there looking nftor tlietr coal I
oml, and tbore was only informal tnlk, II'
my, About the contract with tlio West
Virginia Central. It may tw that a time 1
mil (ilnec lor the contemplated meeting 1
with tlio Commissioners was agreed on,
>ut noihing more.
While we do not feel at liberty to state
lie proposition mado to the Commission's
by tlio Piikmdbnt oi tlio K. 0.
IS. Company, we feci warranted in saying
t is so faroratito ns to induce the belief
hat an agreement will be reached under 1
which the lino for which the West Vlr-
;inia Central was chartered will be comnenccd
at an early day and pushed to
ilieeily completion.
The Comtac Railroad.
Krom tlio Cttdlr. Republican.
The railroad project 'Which was din-
cussed last winter is now being revived, i
It takea timo to work up nn enterprise of i
this kind, but although little has been iaid 1
lor several months, a great deal lias been I
accomplished. Tho new railroad from
tho lake to the border of Harrison county
is already under contract The question
now is, what direction will it take to the
Ohio river? A number of lines are j
talked of and proposed. One or twowlll
probably lie built, sooner or later. The j
question is ono ot special Interest to the
people of the towns and vicinity of Hope-
dale, Cadi*, Hurrisvllle, Georgetown,New
Athens, and perhaps Tlppeeanoo. Moorefield
and Freeport. Over In Delmont
county, also, they are beginning to agi-
late tho subject again; as the following
paragraph from hut week's Belmont
(Jhromtlt will show:
"Tliu qnestion ol building a railroad
ronnecllng tho terminus of the !,akc
Eric A Deunison road with souiu point ou
the Ohio river is destined to come up
ntmln this winter. Wo And the Fluahlnc
people by no means discouraged with
piko building, nml already planning to
?ecuro this Inevitable ItnproTement. The
Imilding of the northern end of the rim I
Is now In progress, and It only remains to
sun which route through Ilelmont has the
most entcprlsing citizens. Hcmemlicr,
Hie road will bn built, nnd II wo do nut
get it we lose it lor all time to come. In
the event ol no measures being taken to
encourage llio l.ske Krlo Company, wo
shall urge the construction ol a branch
connecting 8t. Clalrnvillc with the Ccn- 1
trnl road.
?Uner and llnurbon counties, Ksnsss,
elect their entire Republican county
tickets, except a sherltr In the latter;
si so all their candidates for the licgisls-
turc.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS BEFORT.
Exclusively to the Intelllgenccr.
(By tbe WcBtum Union Lino.
uaro NorthrWUPt 001. ol Kiln md Motroo ?U)
IMPORTANT BAILKOA1) MOVEMHNT.
f 'J
Projected Building of the West'Virginia
Central Hallway?Conference
of the Went Virginia Commit
sinnrr* with AutboritieM of the
Kentucky Croat Eiislcru t'o.
Catti.kttsuubo, Ky.,'November Iff?
Lust night a meeting ol home of the lending
citizens of this place whs held at the
parlor of the Sherman House, and heard
an explanation of tho purposes of the
Kentucky Great Eastern Kallroad Company,
by Mr. A. J. Hodder, tho Vleo
President ol' the company. After this
statement was made, thu meeting was
organized with Mr. lloddcr in the chuir,
and several gentlemen present gave their
views upon the Company's proposition to
this (Uoy<i) county for a Abscription to
Its capital stock of tho sum of $100,000.
It was generally approved, and measures
were taken to submit thu proposition at
the next regular term ol thu lioyd County
Court. Today Mr. llodder met tho
Kail way Commissioners of West Virginia,
and it Is understood that some important
arrangements will ho made with
them for tho aiivancement of the Kentucky
Ureal Eastern road through that
State. There are several gentlemen here
from dilfercnt points in West)Virginia, and
the peoplo ol this placd are deeply interested
in this now mbvement. It is gen
LTUIiy MHIKUUUU ?un? IUU fiw.ww l?iu,?vlitiou
will curry.
WASll INOTO N.
Pull Cabinet MeetiUK?C'lvll Nervice
?The Hornet Controversy.
Wabiiinoton, Nov. 10.?Anthony Hanling
lias been appointed Gauuer tor the;
Filth Ohio District, and Geo. W. Donaldion,
Assistant Assessor lor the Seventh
Jliio District.
Tho Commissioner of Patents to day
xtended a patent to Albert Franklin, of
Jena Cross Roads, Ohio, for a seeding majhino.
All the members of the Cabinet were
lrcsent at tho meeting to day, which was
continued nearly four hours. The larger
sortfon of the time was occupied on the
'chiiIUbo far of thu Civil Bervico Commlslion,
which ere explained by Mr. Curtis,
i member of the Hoard.
This Government und Uie Spanish auhorities
have not yet arrived at an agreenent
respecting the Hornet at Port Au
Prince, menaced by a Spanish vessel. A
lorrespomlence is in progress between the
Jecretury of Blato and Minister Robtertt,
he former protesting against tho design
o sei/.e that vessel which is under tuo
Vmerican ling.
Wenther Report.
War Dkpartm irt,
Orricn ?r thk Cumr Siomai. OrnoRR,
VVariiinutun, D. C., Nov. 10-7:30 v. M.
ritODAniLITTBS.
A rising baromotor with clear and
jlearing weather will probably prevail
Saturday froin Now York to Luko 8upeior
and southward to tho Gulf. A storm
n Now York will probably puss north;ast
over Now England and Nova Bcotia
Saturday night, tho high north-west
vlnds on Lake Krlo and New Joniey following
closely in its rear. Cautionary
lignals arc ordered for tho evening at
J level und, Buffalo, Oswego, Cape May.
New York, New London, Boston anu
Philadelphia.
Charges ngainnt Arizona Indinn
A genii*
San FnAHt'isco, Nov. 10.?Tho United
States (Jrum! Jury at Tucson, Arizona,
iiake formal charges against tho managers
ol the Indian reservations in tho Territory,
showing that the Apaches are allowed
leave to go on tho war path at will;
ipucifylng numerous murders committed
by Indians direct from Camp Grant; and
charging that tho Indians aro supplied by
the agents with arms and ammunition,
?nil their women ]iroslituted by tho ofllsets
In charge.
The ltesolt in New York.
New Yohk, Nov. 10.?Tho latest returns
from tho Btate givo the Republican
ticket 17,000 majority. There was an unprecedented
amount of independent voting,
and tho majorities for tho Republican
Senators and Assemblymen are generally
considerably larger than for the
rttatc ticket. The Assembly stands 1)0
Republicans to AO Democrats.
Esrnpe of n Murderer In North Carolina.
ItAi.Etmr, N. C., November 0.?Oov.
Caldwell received a letter Irtrni th6 HlierilT
jf Nash county, informing liitn that a
notorious negro des|M:rado ami condemned
murderer named Luke Johnson, who was
to have boon exoculed on the 24th Inst,
bad escaped Irom the jsil or that county.
Lnke Ntrnmrr Hunk in Nnull Sic
DmioiT, Mirit., Nov. I).?Tho now
iron steamer Tmlla has aunt1 in SsnHSte
Mario river. No particulars arc given.
Slio pfolmbly struck n rock on account of
low -water. Pumps were sent frrim iicre
lo-niglit.
first Rnow'or the Scnson.
l'ouunKRisrsrB; N. Y., Nov. 10.-A
flight tail ot snow occurred here this
morning. The first of the seaaon.
Ai.nABY, Nov. 10.?A light snowstorm
lias prevailed licro all day.
Concord, N. U., Nov 10.?Two Inche*
>t snow fell here to day.
W lint iSnmblim Uil for Yonne
Man la Iowa.
Mt;fcATiNR, Nov. 10.?John Ilall, i>1>?lographist,
a strong and vigorous young
man of nlKiut twenty-throe years of age,
was found dead on alonngeln Ills gallery
this morning. A letter found in his drawer
explains It In a few words: "Gambling,
lebt. desoair. and suicide bv poison."
Druth nf Field Mnr?hnl Renedek.
Nfw Yo*k, Nov. 10,?Kirk! Mfirahal
Itenedek, llie vimqnished commiMidcrinchief
"I the Austrian ttmjr ?t Sailown,
ilied ol nn attack of apoplexy nt Oratz,
Styrla, mi the 2,1 111 of IMt month.
Rl?r Report.
Ptrreiinnnti, Nov. 10.?Itiver, 23 inched
mid raisins. It lifts Mined steiulj ?11
day.
NKW VOltK CITY.
Voiro of the Union League?
Stringent Measures Demanded.
The Tammany Aldermen
Proposing to "Stick."
Sudden Ui'tpp?ir?neo of Huiall-pox.
Ponton and Murphy Bury the
Hatchet.
Pfter II. Sweeney Implicated in the
Clly FrtiudN. i
The llmoklyu FrHud??IuUigoaliou 1
Meeting.
I
New Youk, November 10. ?The Uuion i
League Club last night adopted resolu-
lions declaring that the result ol (lie elec*
lion was an occasion ol universal congratulation
by the honest man; nothiug 1
Irom party political C4n rescue them from
corruption and abuse; the labors or the I
recent canvass are only a beginning of the
great reform on which the people of this I
city have entered. They will demand of t
the legislature the repeal of the present
charter, and the pjissagc ol a law securing i
the purity of elections. They. will iuaist f
on tho extreme penalties ol the law t
against the miscreants who have outraged I
their rights demanding for their thett res- c
titution first, and punishment afterwards) t
without compromise or delay. Other
resolutions demand a publication ol tho c
Judiciary and an investigation under 'I
competent legislative authority into the 1
condition and practices ol the various u
public offices in the departments ol the i
city, that they may no longer be perverted u
to corrupt uses. V
The citizens of Drooklvn, without dis- |i
ti action ol party, will hold a mass meeting fci
this evening to deliberate and act concern a
ing tho lrauds in casting and counting a
votes at the rcceut election. ft
The Tammany members of the Hoard
of Aldermen and Assistant Aldermen (i
held a secret caucus Wednesday night, o
and it is believed they will attempt to ti
hold over another year on tho same
ground that other olllcials hold over, al- n
leging that the election of the new Hoards ri
was unconstitutional, that tliev threaten
somo damaging exposures ol the leaders n
tinlfym tlicv art! burked tin in tholr u
claims. n
It is now rumored that Hilton will to- li
sign from tho' Department of. l'arks. J
g
and llitchmati Irnm tho Firu CnmmU- c
slon. g
An order lor tho arrest of Ingcrsoll, c
Oarvoy and Woodward will probably bo c
rcturnod,to-day. Tho 7hJi/nsray& Ingcr- s
soil is still in tho city and ready with ii
bondsmen. Tho order in ull cases of
prosecution too municipal irauds tqi be a
returnable to Judge Learned*, ol Albany, a
Tweed linn not yet given notice ol n
his appearand) to the Prosecuting Altor- v
noy. Unless ho does so within twouty l<
days from tho dato of his arrest, tho onto c
will go against him by default c
Tim rimesnl" IIinririTtv and IiaulehIthfl
vouohcr robbers, diif not come up yestiifc
day. Tlio District Attorney says that
Graham, counsel fur tlio defence, Asked
for n postponement in order to look over
tlio testimony which was taken before the
Grand Jury. lie hopes to discover
grounds for a special plea to quash the
indictment. Tlio ease will comu up next
week. i
The Hun says: A well Informed gculiu-
man stated yesterday that Tweed will re-
sign from I lie Department ol Public
Works, and tlio Mayor will appoint Gen.
McCiellan. t
At tlio Fleetwood Park yesterday, Hon-
est Alien and running mate won the race v
for the unlinishcd teams, heating Langs-
ton nnd mate; time, 2:111! and 2:21. I
A trot lor 1500 was won by MnJ. Allen,
heating Myron Perry three out of lour
heals. Best time, 2:121) i. I
Borne employees of the Firo Depart- i
ment were discharged for voting the ltoform
ticket. i
Higei, In a card tliauklng his support- i
ers, requests that proof of fraudulent
voting bo sent him, witli a view to Ihe j
punishment ol the guilty.
S. J. Tllden, in an address before the i
Mercantile Library Association last even- t
ine. inainlv devoted to tho commercial
greatness of New York, declared tint the
political integrity ol ttie city depended
much upon tlie mercantile claws, who
should not overlook their duties politically
to the State.
The caso of .fas. Irving was before
United States Judge Woodritfl this morning,
and postponed until 1:110 I1, si. lit'lure
that time, however, Irving was indicted
by tho grand Jury, thus terminating the
habeas corpus proceeded. Dull ol #10,000
will probably bo required. His sympathizing
roughs are indignant.
Tho Uoard ol llualth ask tho Controller
for funds to cnablo tlicin to chuck
tho smallpox, which Is suddenly appearing
in all parts of tho city.
A most brilliant display of aurora borcalls
was witnessed last evening In this
city; also at Iloston and other places Eaat,
The publishers ol the Spectatort fin In-
surance journal, liavo issued tables show-
tag the surrogate losses ol companies by
States, the nutflbCf suspended and assess-
ed,and the number unaffected by the Chicago
fire. TTif1 total niltnbefofcompanies
in the United BtuUs is U:r>; Itie aggregate
capital is I74.UH0.210; "total gross assets,
fUtfi,420,420| 11it'll Jimsen, $<891,122; the
companies suspended, /J17; number assess- r
ed, 28; -number not in the fl^e, 87. Tho t
losses of com jm hies by States areas fol- ii
IoWb New Vo>-k, $21,087,500: Oblo, |i
tl,8IR,057| t Mnmchinetu, $4483,a57; l!
I'cnnsylrnnlt, $9,083,000; Illinois, $33,- n
878,000; Connecticut, $033,800; Rhodo n
Island, $3,078,1500; California, $2,0.",0,000; o
Missouri, $."?,788,000; MltTylsnd, $307,108; il
Wilcnnsin, $21)0,000; Michigan, $175,000; B
Minnesota, $1110,000; Maine, $30,000; Ken- I
lucky, $0,8110, The losses or foreign com- 'I
panics Ate $9,811),000. i
Jim Irvlng.was before Judge Wooanifl, t
tlila nftrrnOon, on an indictment charging n
liinl with a Tlnlcrtt imutilt on U. 8. Deputy
Marshal Dowley, plead not gnilty.
i ne nppucaiicm lor nan vm opposed uy
the District Attorney on the ground that f
Dow Icy -.ras In a critical condition. A j
commission ol physicians were appointed t
to examine lils state. General McDowell
km present in Court, and It was determln- t
c<t not to remove Irving to the Fprt at t
present. Thcro is no ponalty Tor killing s
an ofllccr under the United States
laws, and In case of the death
of Mr. Dowley, alter punishment for
assault, Irving must bo turned over to the
State courts to answer the charge of klfl- 1
ing. Subsequently, on the report ol Dr. I
Place that Dowley's lllo Wis In dancer, j
but that he did not think he would die,
Irving wm admitted to bail in $10,000.

Rumor says that tho bureau uf correction
uf the municipal corruption have discovered
evidcncu against l'eter I). Sweeney
upon which they propoea to ask his
arrest. Charles O'Connor is reticent on
the subject.
It is reported that a number of the reform
leaders will, immediately upon the
assemblage of the Legislature, ask the removal
ol I'olice Justices Ledwith, Doivling,
Sbandley, llogau and Cox.
There is said to have been a cordial
meeting between HenaUir Kenton aud
Collector Murphy, and tho hatchet was
buried. Greeley Is less tractablc, but It is
understood Ulut lie Bigus luo iruce,
Members ot the lloaril of AUlermon,
it is ?aiil, have determined to demand
their own appointment by tlio Mayor. In
the event ol his refusal, they threaten to
Impeach him for Irani] and incompetency
for haviug affixed his signature to Keyscr
mil Ingersoll's warrants. Alderman Coman
denies the latter part of the report,
Liut says he has no intention ol vacating
:ho olllce, and believes no certificate ol
election will issue to the Aldermen chosen
ruesday.
Arrived?Steamers Washington, from
lirest; City of Bristol, from Liverpool.
Judge James, of Ogdonsburg, sitting at
Lake Oeorgc, dccided yesterday that the
onsolidated mortgage bonds of Sentcuiicr,
1870, are void in every refpect. '1 weny-thtee
and a half millions of the bonds
vcro to bo placed with tho former loans
n tho Trust Company, to bo exchanged
or old bonds, and the remnlnder put on
ho market. Tho validity wus contested
)y some preferred stockholders who, uc:ordim;
to tho decision, tailed to prove
be allegations impeaching tho issue.
Tho Republicans ol Brooklyn to-day
laiiu that by a fair count of the votes cast
Puesday, their candidate lor Mayor, Ham'l.
iooth, was elected by n largo majority,
,nd also their candidate for City Auditor,
lelson Shausman. Tho Democracy adnitted
the election ol the latter, and also
ho election ol Charles I). Morton, Ho
luuncan canuuiate lor Asatmiiiy in uic
loveiuh ilislriut. The returns bavo not
11 Uccn received yet, and those that liavo
ro in au almost Uopolesa slate or conJtlon.
The returns from the fourth district
Slat Ward,) were stolen to day Imnv the
Slcejot tho City Clerk,, by unknown paries.
Judgo Henry Hilton to-day sent a comlunication
to tbo Mayor tendering his
L'slgnation as Park Commissioner.
A great Indignation meoting to deounce
the Brooklyn Democratic ring
(as held lv-nighl in the Brooklyn Acadely
of Music.' The building was crammed
:om (bo purquetto to tho upper gallery,
(ayoir Kalbtlulsch presided. llespoko at
real, length, proving that a false counting
f votes had taken place at every recent
lection, and declared It was necessary to
o to tbo Legislature for a law to require
ertaln qualifications in inspectors of
lection, and that tho city government
hould be changed and commissions abolshed.
United States Attorney Tracy said that
i gang Ul iwtimjr juiivaiuin niun i??"?
penly on election day anil voted In almist
every district and ward in the city,
villi the connivanco of the piiliCc. At
Bast ten thousand fraudulent votes wire
ast in excess of the full voto of tho
ounly.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. 10.?a meeting ol
lie tobacco importers and dealers was
leld licre. to day to confer -with Israel
Cimhall, of the Itcvcuuo Department at
Yashin!,'ton, to get the views of those
mmedlately Interested in tho tax oil tolaccn.
Thorn wiut a full Interchange ol
ipion, tho manufacturers generally agreeng
that a bonded warehouse was not
iccded, and that the peddling system bong
open to Iraud, should bo better guarddor
abandoned, and that dealingin leaf
obaccn should bo better regulated. There
van some dlllcrence of opinion relative
o the amount ol tux imposed, though
hey generally lavored n reduction. A
lominittee was appointed to draft resoluions
expressive ol tlioseuse of the meet'
ng, tho same to be forwarded to Washugton.
Pending the considcralion of the ordlninpo
irritnfinir rnrtnin nrivtl(!irVR to the
tfcwport Cincinnati firidge Company,
i resolution was adopted to day by the
JoarU ot Aldermen permitting the cornmny
to proceed with the work on thunpiroacbi'B
without lurtlier delay. The inllcatlons
are that the bridge aud railroad
ompntiiea Interested will lie granted every
eosonablo facility lor n Riiccensful and
irompt completion ol their work.
Thu Aldermen to day appointed u apodal
commltteo to endeavor to secure the
latloual political conventions.
The suit recently brought by Morris
ngnlls, receivers ol the Indianapolis,
Jincinnatl Lnyfayctto itallroad, In the
lupremo Court against licnry C. Lord,
brmer President, for tbo recovery ol
(213,000. was today ciismlsaed. It 19
lahaed by Mr. Lords friends that ills inluence
Is being sought by tho creditors
o aid in tho reorganization ol tho comlany.
Cincinnati, November 10?8 i\ m.?
liver llvo leet three inches and rising,
t is the general belie! that tho low water
9 ended. The Hide-wheel steamers] are
naklng ready for tho winter trado. Tho
ten l'ranklin left for Louisville to-night.
Jen.lluell will follow to morrow. The
ocal packets will soon resume business.
Ve* Uier cool.
WYOMllfU.
men?KC ui uun vnm|iuni.
Ciikyknnr, Nor. 10.?Got. Campbell
catl'liis message U> tlio legislature yeserday.
Ho recommends retrenchment
n tcrritortnl and county nllnirn; the apKiiutment
of n Commissioner of KiuigruIon;
also that the fem?le sttlftagcftct lie
ict repealed, lie says the women have
nade good jurors, honest nnd competent
lllce holders. lie also upholds tlio Initio
policy of the Administration, nml
hows a disposition to work with tlio
legislature for the good 01 tlio Territory,
rile rtessage Is considered #n able ddcunent.
Both 1 louses liarn born occupied
o-day in adopting rales for their governncnl
_
nnd Mnrtinl I.nir.
Waritinoton, Nov. 10.?It appears
mm tlio Georgia paper* that much alarm
irevails there, under the apprehension
hat the President will declaro martial
uw In that State. Such is not his design,
here being nothing in the present comllion
ol any part o[ Georgia to warrant
uch a measure.
The Chnrlesteit Vellow Fever.
CitAHtiRSToN, 8. C.,November 10.?The
Ioward Association at lis meeting to day
lassed a resolution giving notice that tlio
rellow fever ha? nearly ceased. The acive
operations of the Association will
ermioate on the 11th Inst.
CHICA.aO.
Planltiug the Insurance Companies.
CmcAoo, Nov. 10.?Under tho influence
of the high rates ot insurance; put upon
the grain warehouses ol tliis city, the proprietors
have determined to purchase each
a steam fire engine for its own use, and
should there be any necessity for it. Each
warehouse is also to have u steam pump
connected with the pipes radiating
through the buildings, to be used on like
occasion. In this way the warehouse
men will be enabled to take care ol themselves
more effectually than in any other
way. Under these circumstances the proprietors
will not deem it necessary to insure
their warehouses or their contents.
In the eases of the Continental ami
Qardcn City Insurance Companies ol'
Chicago, on which application had been
made to the circuit court for tho appointment
ol receivers, Judge Williams yesterday
decided not to appoint such receivers,
for tho reason that there are uo allegations
against said companies showing bad
faith on the part oi the officers ol' the
companies. The companies are, according
to the allegations, both largely insolvent,
but the mere insolvency of a company,
as decided in the case of llaker
Ilackus, is not sufficient to authorise the
court to appoint a receiver. There must
be some bad faith on the part ol the officers,
or some act which may have been
done hv them, which amounts virtually
to forfeiture of charter.
liiusmuch iih the issue between (lor.
Palmer, Mayor Masou ami Lieut. Gen.
Sheridan in relation as to what is termed
the military occupation of tills city, is exciting
so much discussion throughout the
country, the following proclamation, under
which [A. Clen. Sheridan acted, is reproduced:
"l'iloCLAMATtoN?'l'ho preservation of
good order and peace of the city is hereby
entrusted to 1,1. den. I'. II. Sheridan,
U. 8. uruiy. The police will act in conjunction
with the Lieut. General in the
preservation of the peace and quiet ol the
city, and the Superintendent of the I'olieu
will consult him to that emit the
intent thcreol being to preserve the peaco
of the city, without interfering with the
lunetioiis uf the city government.
(iiven under uiy hand this 11th day of
October, 1871.
Signed) U. 11. Makom, Mayor,
The jiollcu and lire commissioners havo
determined to investigate the cause of the
lire, and ascertain the truth, if possible.
"Mrs. O'Lcaiy nml her famous cow will
1hi looked uftcr.
A tiro occurred at Mendotn, Ilia., this i\
?t., resulting In tho destruction of property
valued at $14,000, Seven buildings
were destroyed, including thoWavorly
House. It was feared al one time that
tho whole row would burn, as it contained
neither an engine or hook nwl ladder
company.
NT. I.OU18.
Ilurglnr shot-.Hun Over on Itnllway.
8rl Loom, November 10.?A burglar
uatucd Wm. Culmlo, eighteen years old,
was shut while attempting to enter tho
hardware storo of Ijowis Boring at 2307
Franklin Avenue, Wednesday, and died
from the wound yesterday, lie was connected
with a gang of young thieves, who
havo been very activo in their operations
for a long timo past.
Tho body of on unknown man was
picked up on the Iron Mountain llallrond
track In tho lower part ol tho city yestorduy,
which had boon run over by n train
tin) nlizht nrevious. It was torriblv man
gled, being torn into shreds.
11BAVIS, TUB CAriTOL MOVBIl?BMOTIIBHBD
III I'ALMNO KMUANKMBNTS.
Lieut, lteavls, wlio has acquired considerable
reputation as an active and energetic
advocate of the removal of the National
Capitol to tho Mississippi valley, delivered
an unusually ablo and eloquent
lecture at the Mercantile Library Hall tonight,
on tho "Nation and its Capitol."
Many of tho prominent citizens wero present,
who will unlle in inviting a repetition
of the lccturo. Mr. Ileavls will leave for
Boston in a few days, where ho will doliver
the lecture. Ho will probably repeat
it at New York and Philadelphia, altor
which he will visit all tho Slate Capitols
and deliver it to such Legislatures as hold
sessions this winter.
Patrick Sawyer and Patrick Flynn wore
killed thin morning by an embankment
falling upon them on urand avenuo, near
Broadway. About the sarno timo Joseph
Leo, a colored man, was smothered by tho
falling o! an embankment at the big
inound 011 IHoadway.
It is reported In tho city that a sorioua
accident occurred on tho North Missouri
Kailroad, but nothing is known as to Its
character or locality at this hour.
As a passenger train on the North Missouri
Hailroad which left here this morning,
having two cars containing uinutyflvo
recruits from Now Albany attached,
was approaching VVellsvillc.lH) miles north
of hero, about noon, ami running a down
grade nt lull speed, a rail broko anil two
cars containing recruits llew Irom the
track and rolled down an embankment,
turning over three times. At the latest
accounts eleven soldiers were killed out
right or died ol wounds. Edward Coivin,
brnkemau, a son oI Judge 0.0. Braekln,
ol this city, was also killed. Tho accounts
Irom Wellsville are meagre and unsatisfactory,
but nothing additional can lie obtained
to night. Ho names of the killed
other than youtig Coivin are yet received.
The reerulls wero ou route to Salt Lake.
<JKOR<<IA.
AuoUsta, Nov. 10.?The Jlar Association
of Richmond county held a meeting
to day, and unanimously passed resolutions
requesting Congress to establish an
II. S. District Court, Willi Circuit powers,
in this city, for the Sill Congressional
District, and lor eight or ten counties in
the Itdjninlng Congressional districts.
ATLANTA, Wov. 10.? I lie Homo tlMiliy
passed a bill providing for tho holding of
ii special election for Governor on the
second Tuesday of December. Tho seclion
providing for the special return* of
elections, other than according to the present
law, was stricken out. Tho Democrats
contended that the integrity of the Republican
a (tin? Executive officer, Mr. Conlcy,
should bo trusted.
PHILADELPHIA.
PiilMtmt.ritiA, Nov. 10.?The race between
Goldsmith's Maid nnd Lucy for a
purso of $300, fined for to day, is postponcd
on account Ol tho rain.
This morning a petition from Mayor
Fox was presented in tho Court ol Common
I'leas, asking for an order of sequestration
on tho estato of Josenh F. Marrer,
the defaulting City Treasurer. A rtilowas
granted requiring Marcer to show canse
why it should not be issued.
FOREIGN.
GERMANY.
Heiilin, Nov. 10?The ceremony oi i
unveilinjj the alatue o| the.poet, ;8chi)ler,
was observed to-day, iu llie presence of
the Emperor, Crown Prince, Prince Frederick
Charles and M. Wrangel. President
in tuu ueiensiag. 1 no crowu present ai
the ceremouial was large, and to the hut
degree enthusiastic.
Tho North Umuuu UiuxlUs, (official,)
says iu its editoriul columns to day, that
thu Cabinet ehangis just ellected at Vienna
will in no respect cltecl the relations
between that Court and the Court ot Berlin.
ENGLAND* J
London, November 10?News from 11
York states that tho disaster to the whaling
Meet has caused an immediate and
heavy udvouce in the price of B|>erm oil.
It is reported that Ashbury will be a ii
candidate for thu representative ot lirigh- j
ton upon the next Parliamentary vacnncy. n
AUSTRIA.
Viknna, Nov. 10.?Tho Emjwror has r
addresHed a highly complimentary letter L
to t'ouut lleuHt, thanking him warmly
for his services, and appointing him as a
lilo member of thu Upper Chamber ol
it cum ruiu.
IRELAND.
Duulin, November 10.?Kelly ,nccuscd f
of tliu murder of lligli Countable Talbot,
linn been acquitted, alter a long uud ex- 1
citing triil. 12real demonstration# were r
mude l/i Dublin ami Cork, bul no dia- 0
turbanco occurred.
IIOMK.
Home, November 10.?The State Do- r
nnrtiuentB nt the Quirinal Palace are z
Incourooof prupartlon for the permanent 11
residence of King Victor Kmunuel on his
approaching arrival.
HPAIN. (,j
Madrid, Nov. 10.?The Cortes to night I
passed a vote of Confidence In the existing J
Government. The vote stood 191 yeas to 11
.'IS nays. Tho Itadical members abstained
from voting. c
FHANCK. I
Paws, Novemlmr 10.?Thiers lias been 0
Inspecting the military school at HI. Maud.
Thoipeclal French mission to Met/, has
been withdrawn. J
LOIJISVIM.K. J
Tim Rlcambonlraeu's Convention. 1
Loouvii.lh, Kv., Nov. 10.?The Na- tionnl
Bleamboalmon'a Convention lias
heretofore been mainly occupied In or-
ganl/.lng committees and preparing f ir I
business. Two important eoinmittees rc-
ported to day. The Finance Cammittco
reported In favor of the appointment of a
committee, composed ol two delegates
from each titntu, to draft amendments to
the Bteambout law, or draft a now law and
urge its passage by Congress. All the I
States are Invited to be represented on
this committee. Vacancies occurring in
this committee are to be filled by tho
Htato whero tho vacancy occurs. The
committee have power to call a convention
whenever deemed neccsaary. A fund
!or expenses to be raised by an assessment
by the States of fi cents per ton on steam
vessels and 111 cents per ton on barges.
The report was adopted and a cominlltco
aDDolnted. C
Tho Uommltteoon Grievances reported
objections to tbo steamboat law.
First, That tbo law is too indctinlto In
Its provisions. Second, It provides that
too ninny articles bo lurnlslied steam vea. 0
scls and makes oxactlons upon owners in
no way necessary lor tho protection of Hie
and property, thereby throwing upon
owners tho entire risk and expensed
practically testing patented inventions
against their own Judgment of both their
utility and safety. Third, It leaves local
Inspectors discretionary power only
against steamboat owners and their interests.
Fourth, Tho law conlcrs upon tho
Hoard of Supervising Inspectors legislative
power to compel tho purchaso and
uso of patents at tuolr pleasure, when, If
such Board bo necessary, they should only _
bo cxecutlvo officers to sco that the spc..III,.
firilprnfl 1|? f'nn.
3rem nro compiled with, and tlia right to t
cslgnato nil requirements that legally
resiJo alone in Congress. The committee
recommend that the whole subject bo referred
lo a committee to take chargo ol
tills nutter, prepare a suitable bill and
obtain its passage by Congress, and said t
committee to bo famished proper creden-
tials by the olllcer of the Convention,
showing that they act as ofllclal represen- r
tatives of tho Convention. The re|>ort l'
was adopted. J
Much earnest feeling was exhibited in
the Convention on tho Btibject ol tho ob- c
noxious steamboat laws. Delegates from jj
New York, Boston, &e., take an active 0
p:?rt in tho proceedings. o
MEMPHIS.
A Catalogue of Crime. i
Mkmimiis, Nov. 10.?A press special 1
says that David Hoso, (colored) who was
lo have been hung at Grenada, Mississippi,
to-day lor murdering his wife, is respited
until the 30th by Gov. Alcorn.
A negro named llill Miller, made a violent
assanlt on A. A. Horchard, on the
Horn Lake road, this morning, with n
club. Ilnrchard shot him, Inflicting a fatat
wnnnd, and then came to tho city and
surrendered to the authorities. c
The trial of Luke I'adden, the murderer
of Ed. Ilurr, was begun In the Criminal
Court to day.
The Went Indie*.
Rimmon, Jamaica, Nov. 0, via IIa-
vana.Not. 10.?Bteamsldp Ocean (Jucen
lor New York, tliskoi an Immense i|imntity
of coffee. Ailvicw from Aapinwall
of the 2d inst. stale that the Spanish war
steamer Tornado, Was still watching tho
Amfrirjin steamor Virginia, In that port,
and nn attempt Uicapturo hor was apprehended
despite the protetorato aMumijd
over her by tho Grenadian government
and tho United Btatea Consul;
Hale or Amall-Foj Boflalo Robes. 1
WAnttHiiTow, Nov. 10. Prominent
gentlemen hern attribute the spread ol I
small-pn* In Philadelphia and other eltles
to the sale ol buffalo robes there taken
from the Iltack Feet and Pigeon enmps,
where the disease prevailed two years
ago. At that time they were forbidden
to lie sold to traders, br.t several months
ago they disappeared from those neigh- I
borhonda and foimd their way elsewhere.
Fire at Port Hope, Canada.
Pout IIopb, Nov. 10.?Malson's mill
was burned this morning, together with
iotne umull buildings. There were 13,000
bushels of grain in lho mill Loss $30,000;
insured lor $18000. The lire was
the work of un incendiary.
Tlio V ii'iiueae decedent.
Milwaukbu, November 10.?Manager
t unman iiun luiiuu to rcconcilo tuu secciera
from the Vienna I,ady Orchestra,
>nd publishes u curd forbidding any ;*irloii
to employ thcin under penally ol the
law.
Railroad Accident.
Portsmouth, N. II,, November 10.?
I'liu up Portland, Haco and Portsmouth
'reiglit train got two cars oil' the track at
iittery to night. The engineer, fireman
mil hrakeman were slightly Injured.
The Vote ol' Miiasaclmsetta.
IIouton, November 10.?Roturus from
ill but nix towns give Washburne a maorily
over all ol 1:1,1)05, which will probibly
be Increased to 14,800.
The Voto iu Minnesota.
Br. 1'aui., Min, November 10?The
clurns thus far In swell Austin's majority
o with upper couutiea to hear troiu.
MINOR TELEGRAMS.
?Ico liiut cloned tho Baltic agalnat nav
gallon for tho season.
?Fivo prisoners awaiting trial in tho
roquia county jail at Wataeka, Illinois,
iroko jail and escaped on tho morning ot
he Htli. Two hundred and fifty dollars
oward arc tillered for tho arrest of the
irowd.
?ynarki from a locomotive Thursday
(arted a tire in Westcheater county, burling
six acrcH of woodland.
?A Havana letter of the 4th instant
eporH the arrest of forty prominent citi
ens, hitherto supjiOHtfil to be loyal, for
Ueged sympathy with the insurgent*,
ml their transportation,, to the Isle ot
'incs.
?Tho Mnntank Indians iiave been decided
by the Buprumu Court of New
I'ork to be trespassers on the lands occu*
lied by them oil Long Island tor many
reara. Thousands of acres will thus come
nto the possession of speculating whites
?Peruvian advices state that a riot or-,
urred in Lima during an election, in
rhich six persous were killed and seventy
rounded.
?Tho steamer Weser, from lircinom
.IllVUUUk now 1 Ul K 11131 UVUUIUg.
?At a lire lust night ut 1)1 andUOIllacktono
street, Boston, occupied by 8. G.
)avis, Jones As CarjH!nter, and Roberta
iVebster, tlu; stock on tho ground lloor
vns badly damaged; tho building but litle.
Insured.
gOBRHAVB'B
HOLLAND BITTERS!
Tho Culehratori Holland Komcdy for
FEVER ANI.) AGUE.
Hbcikcs or the Kliliiryh, Djspepsliii
Indigestion, llenduelie, l<oss of
Appetite, Dolillltj.CostlYoness,
l'lles In both forms, anil til
Diseases Consequent on
DIHOItbKllEI) HTOMACU AND 1.1VBR.
LINDSAY'S IMPROVED BLOOD SEARCHER
taroe Bryalpelaa, RcrofuM, Ulcvri, Cutaneous
Dlaeasp*, Horn Kyee. Pimple* on tho Faro,
Bcald Head*, Mercurial Dlauaaoa,
Debility, Halt Ithcniu, otc.
JOHNSON'S RHEUMATIC COMPOUND,
ma honau In Maaaachnaetta aold fifty bottloa
jounhon'a ItniVMATlO Cumpound, with tho
agreement, ho oc/hk, money r?i?und?ii,
and haa only had tlireu bottloa refundi'd.
Why cndoro aching llmha
and atlfr Jolnta when there la
auch a certain remedy?
Bold by
SMITHS, BINCLA.1U& CO..
37 Main and 84 Booth Ht*.. Wheeling.
Wholeaalo Amenta for Woat Vistula.
Prepared only by
11. E. SELLERS A CO.,
jeM Pittsburgh, Pa.
WANT SUPPLIED.
To aunply a want felt for a real genuine good
rtlele or Soap at a reasonable price, tho under1'
fucd In now manufacturing auch an article, as
teatify who havo seen and uaod
rhe Favorite 8oap,
*nnuiaciurca oy k. jusiu, wueeung, w. va.
I claim that it cannot he oicelled, Int, In purljrand
quality; Id, In economy, became It la
rm and hard aa aoon as madonna will not shrink
rhen exposed to tho atmosphere, llko moat
oapfl do. It will therefore wash half afl much
aore a* tho snaps now In market at tiro tamo
rice; rid. For perfection In washing. You muat
raah with a pure, clean soap, or yon cannot have
loan, white clothe*. Vu tM VarorUs Hoap and
on will have no more trouble Retting yonr
lothee white and faultier, and guarantoe that
t will not Injun* the akin or tho moat delicate
ibrlc*. 4th, I claim for It an advantage over all
thera In that It will hear leaving In water for 8
r 10 houra without Injuring It. Other aoapa are
cndcrcd useless by forgetting them In the tub
r basin after using. l'lcase enquire ol your
rocer for the Favorite Boap, and yon will be
onvlnced that It la tho best.
CatfTiow.?Rarh bar la stamped and
feehanirt favorite Hoap, manufactured bv K.
ieid. Wheeling. )V, Va.,r
Manufactured and fold at wholesale by
HDWAKD KKIU,
Boap and Candle Manufacturer,
angtt Wheeling, W. Va.
The oldeat and most reliable Institution for
tbtalnga Mercantile Kdnratlon.
rtf- Practical business a* Instructors.
)UFFAHONfl, 1'lttabnrRh, Pa. MplRw dHat
JiHIMniiB A HOIWBUOOK,
lumbers, Gas and Steam Fitters
60 MA UK KIT STH.WKT.
Orders from tta? country attentod toaahort
otlr*. anil.
aTAU CANDLES.
O boxea 7a Candler
JO half boxea do.
lOboxea Ilotn do. Jnat received by
nov7 I IBT, DAVIHPORT PAJtKB.
r ivbrpo ol ba.lt.?so backh
I J Liverpool Tahlo Bait. Jn?t receivod and
M. RK11.LT.
Choice gobubn ciikrsk.?too
Boxen September, very flno rnttlnt. For
"novf I.IBT, DAYBfrrORT PAHKR.
1 onn I'"9- tobacco twine
X Pot mla low by
?QR? OH A 8. n. BRRRY.
Oat baob.
1.000 4-bnnh. Bnrl?p'f Bart, for uta by
octIS LIST, DAVBNPORT A PARRrt.