LOCAL AFTAIRS.
Executive Session.
The Governor and Council adjourned
Tuesday evening, after transacting the
following business:
Thursday, November 30th, was ap
pointed as Thanksgiving day, which is
the first appointment for Thanksgiving
made in New England.
John W. Simonds, of Franklin, was
appointed Superintendent of Public In
struction, in place of Joseph Kidder, of
Manchester, declined.
John S. Thompson, of Concord, was
appointed Warden of the State prison,
in place of John C. Pilsbury, removed.
Frank H. Hills, of Keene, was ap
pointed Register of Probate for Cheshire
county.
Messrs. John Hosley, of Manchester,
A. B. Holt and Charles H. Norton, of
Concord, were appointed a committee
to appraise the property at the State
prison.
Levi J. Holmes, a convict in the
prison from Manchester, was pardoned,
on the testimony of the prison physician,
on the ground of his being aflicted with
fatal disease.
Relief for Michigan and Chicage.
Collections were taken in several of
the churches in this city Sunday, in aid
of the sufferers by the fires at Chicago
and in the Northwest. The sums were
as follows: North, $250; Methodist,
$193.35 Episcopal, SSOO Pleasant street
Baptist, $35; Unitarian Sunday-school,
in addition to previous contributious,
$76.
The members of the fire department
contributed 850, Sunday evening, in aid
of Frank Smart, formerly driver of the
steamer Gov. Hill, who was burned out
by the Chicago fire. The Webster Club
has also contributed sl2l in aid of the
Chicago sufferers.
Four boxes of clothing were forward
ed to Chicago last week, by Mrs. Ed
ward A. Abbot, containing 750 garments,
and two boxes comntaining 511 articles,
were forwarded to Chicago and Michi
gan, by Mrs. Ephraim Hutchins.
The Young Men’s Christian Asso
ciation have received for Michigan suf
ferers, since Tuesday, 14 dozen pairs
pantaloons, 14 dozen vests, 1 dozen coats,
2 overcoats, packages of ladies’ and chil
dren’s clothing, packages of bed cloth
ing, 8 yards flannel, 12 ladies’ hats.
—Mr. True Osgood, who was formerly
an excellent typo, retired from the print-
ing office some years ago, but not from
labor. He took the farming fever, with
which most sensible people sooner or
later are taken, and has tilled the earth
to advantage, both in health and pocket,
we trust. He has faithin the Pine Plains
land, and to prove that his' faith is well
grounded, he can show 242 barrels of
nice potatoes, dug on three acres of land
this fall. Two years ago he brought
three potatoes of the Humboldt variety
from California, and planted them last
year, but owing to the drought, he got
only a peck of very small ones. These
he cut into pieces with only one eye,
and planted two pieces in a hill, last
spring. From that peck he has dug 14
barrels, or 35 bushels, of handseme po
tatoes.
—ln the removal of Warden Pilsbury
the State loses the services of a most
efficient and experienced prison officer,
whose place no new man, however ex
perienced, can hope to fill at once. The
change was made for party reasons
alone, and we are inclined to believe the
Democratic party will find the State
prison an elephant on its hands. Mr.
Pilsbury has the satisfaction of knowing
that he has discharged his duty in a
faithful manner, and that the State is
pecuniarily several thousand dollars bet
ter off from his administration of affairs
at the prison.
—The funeral of the late Joshua S.
Bean, of Fisherville, took place at the
Baptist church, in that place, last Friday
forenoon, at 10:30 o’clock, and was
largely attended. The religious services
were conducted by Rev. Mr. Harriman,
assisted by Rev. Mr. Heath, of the Meth
odist church. The deceased was a prom
inent member of the Odd Fellow fra
ternity, and was buried with the honors
of the order.
—dJudge Eastman visited Lawrence,
on Tuesday, for the purpose of looking
up the silver ware which was stolen
from his house about two years ago,
and supposed to have been taken by
Carroll Sanborn. He was fortunate in
identifying it.
—Tuesday is fast becoming a regular
poultry day on the Bristol Railroad.
The train down this morning brought
about two tons of dressed poultry, most
of which was consigned to Boston. It
came largely from Alexandria. The
trade will continue until after Thanks
giving time. A
—Farmers’ meetings, under the aus
pices of the State Board of Agriculture,
will be held at Hanover on the 14th and
15th of Novémber, and at Concord on the
16th and 17th. Prominent agriculturists
will be present at these meetings, and
all farmers will be cordially welcomed
to take part in them.
—John Toomey, of this city, was con
victed in the U. 8. Circuit Court, at Ex
eter, Thursday, of selling liquor without
a license, and was sentenced for sixty
days in Manchester jail and to pay a fine
of 50,
—The Concord Railroad will pay a
dividend of 5 per cent. Nov. Ist. Divi
dends to stockholders in this vicinity,
payable at the First National Bank.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
PERSONAL.,
—Sanborn B. Carter, Esq., of Ossipee,
is recovzring from a severe illness.
—Albert Leighton, the Portsmouth
poet, was married on Monday, to a Miss
Goodrich, of that city.
—Oliver C. Fisher, Esq., of Henniker,
has gone to Newton, Mass., with his'
family, to spend the winter. i
—Henry C. Richards, of Boston, has
been appointed liquor agent for the State
of New Hampshire for the current year.
—N. B. Wadleigh has commenced the
erection of a steam saw-mill, at Mere-|
dith, on the shore of the lake, just be
low the steamboat wharf.
—Richard Hovey and A. M. Ballard
have bought out the foundry attached to
the Lancaster Iron Works, and will at
once commence operations.
—Edward Gustine, of Keene, has con
tracted to re-build the gas-works at
Plattsburg, which are to be changed
from petroleum to coal works.
—Mr. G. 8. Rollins, recently of Low
ell, has leased -the Belknap Iron Foun
dry, of N. H. Baldwin, in Laconia, and
commenced operations in it.
—Horace Hodgden, of Newburyport,
has got into trouble by marrying two
girls, whose affections he had won.
One of them belonged in Nashua.
—Dr. Levi Colby, a native of Henni
ker, is the Democratic member elect of
the Ohio House of Representatives for
the counties of Defiance and Paulding.
—The late Judge Chandler E. Potter,
who was good authority, regarded the
name Kearsarge as of Indian origin,
and the meaning of it was high place.”
—John Lane, over eighty years old,
residing in Chester, has shingled a por
tion of his barn this year, putting up the
staging and laying the shingles himself.
—Mr. Timothy Cole, who went from
Lake Village -to Menominee, Mich.,
about a year ago, lost his mill, lumber,
and every thing but his life, by the re
cent fires.
—Z. Freto Son, of Grantham, have
sold their mill property to Eli Sargent,
of Lebanon. The sale includes the new
saw and grist-mills, and other valuable
real estate.
—~Col. Frank Eastman, the efficient
postmaster of Chicago, was reared in
Littleton, and started the first newspaper
ever printed in that town, the Ammon
oosuc Reporter.
—George Heyes, who for many years
kept a tavern four miles above Rochester
Village, on the Milton road, and drove a
butcher’s cart for more than fifty years,
died on the 13th, at the age of seventy
two.
—Mr. J. G. Hadley, for many _vears‘
an overseer in one es the mills at Dov-
er, has been employed to take charge of
the spinning in one of the large mills in
Fall River, and has removed to that
place.
—P. C. Cheney Co., of Manchester,
sold their paper-mill at Henniker village,
on the 20th, to Dillingham Co., of
Boston. The Contoocook Valley Paper
Company are erecting a first-class mill
at W%st Henniker, for the manufacture
of white paper.
—Mr. Phineas H. Tebbetts, of Tam
worth, is building a new mill, 102 feet
long by 23 feet wide, two stories high,
into which he purposes to put a grist
mill, a saw-mill, and other machinery for
working wood.
—The Mayor of Chicago notified
Mayor Weston, on Tuesday, that he had
drawn on the treasury of the c.ty of
Manchester for the $15,000 which was
appropriated by the City Council to aid
the Chicago sufferers.
—The editor of the Wolfeborough
News is reveling in anticipation of
Thanksgiving pies, made from pumpkins
which measure five feet in circumferance
and weigh forty-five pounds, raised by
George Fox, of Tuftonborough. Happy
man!
—Dr. 1. P. Chase, of Henniker, has
sold his residence to Dr. L. W. Peabody,
of Epsom, who will remove there in a
few days. Dr. Peabody first commenc
ed practice in Henniker, and removed to
Epsom twenty-six years ago, where he
has been in practice ever since.
—Col. Carroll D. Wright, of Reading,
Mass., who has been nominated by the
Republicans in the Sixth Middlesex dis
trict, is a member of the Suffolk bar,
and served with distinction during the
war, in the 14th Regiment of N. H. Vol
unteers.
—Pay Director J. George Harris, de
tached from the Portsmouth naval sta
tion, was on Monday relieved from duty
as inspector of provisions and clothing,
by Pay Director Charles W. Abbott.
He is placed on the retired list, and will
live in Connecticut.
—~Conductor Everett, of the Manches
ter North Weare Railroad, was visited
Tuesday evening, at his residence in
North Weare, by a host of his friends,
who presented him a valuable set of
chamber furniture. Speeches were made
lG)')(') Charles O. Ballou and William H.
ve.
—City Marshal Brown, of Nashua,
visited Carroll Sanborn, on the 22d, for
the purpose of ascertaining his where
abouts on the night of the burglaries in
Nashua, but accomplished nothing, San
born denying having been in Nashua at
that time. He reports Sanborn to be
past all hope of recovery, and gradually
approaching his end.
—Dr. John H. Foster, a native of
Hillsborough, is one of the greatest losers
by the late fire at Chicago. His proper
ty consisted mostly of real estate, and
he was his own insurer. His residence
was consumed, and he saved but little
from it. Dr. I, has resided in Chicago
since the ear}fr day,” has been a mem
ber of its Board of Education, and inter
ested in all its im(in'ovements, from the
first. He is an old man, and will hardly
live to see it rebuilt.
—On the 19th, Susan Hanson, an aged
member of the saciety of Friends, in
Weare, celebrated her ninetieth birth
day by attending the quarterly meeting
and being visited by a large number of
relatives and friends, who partook with
her of a bountiful turkey dinner. Dur
ing the past summer she has had the
whole care of the milk from two cows,
doing the milking herself, making but
ter, cheese, &c. During the year she
has woven over 130 yards of cloth,
with an old-fashioned hand-loom. About
a month ago she walked to her daugh
ter’s, a distance of nearly three miles,
to spend the day, with the intention of
walking home at night. But the people
whom she visited thinking she has done
enough for one day, carried her home.
Her figure is remarkably erect, and her
sight and hearing are good.
INDEPENDENT STATESM AN.
FIRES,
—A slight fire occurred in Fletcher
Webster’s furniture manufactory, Nash-
ua, last Friday night, occasioned by a
hot poker being put into a wood-box.
—The house and barn of Mr. Sander- 3
son, near Cornish Flat, were burned to
the ground on Sunday night last. Most
of the furniture was saved. Insurance,
£2OO. i
—The house of Eliphalet F. Gilman,
in Gilmanton, took fire on the roof on i
Friday morning last, and was destroyed.
The furniture was mostly saved. Loss,
$500; no insurance.
—The house and barn of Chas. Picker- i
ing, of Laconia, were destroyed by fire
Sunday night, about 10 o’ciock. Loss
82000. The fire is supposed to have 1
been an incendiary one.
—The pottery of J. Scolly Taftwas en
tirely destroyed by fire about two o’clock
Sunday morning, including several hun
dred dollars’ worth of manufactured
ware. Total loss $4200; insuved for
SIOOO in the Franklin of Philadelphia.
The fire is believed to have been incen
diary.
—A large four-story building, former
ly owned and occupied as a shoe factory,
by Nelson Russ, sitnated in Salem, was
burned to the ground on Saturday even
ing. It occasioned an alarm in Haver
hill, Mass., about two miles away, and
a fire steamer was dispatched to assist
in quenching the flames, but the build
ing was too far gone when it arrived, to
be saved.
—At two o'clock Sunday morning, a
fire broke out in a stable in the rear of
a house near the corner of Lowell and
‘Wilson streets, and extended to a house
containing three tenements belonging to
Mvr. John McGuinness, a house and sta
ble belonging to Mr. James Fogg, and a
small house owned by Mr. F. Abbefel
low, which were all destroyed. The loss
was about SSOOO. Mr. McGuinness and
Mr. Fogg were insured for SIOOO each.
—ln the early part of last week, a fire
was set in an ol({) fence near a wood-lot
of Benjamain F'. Pillsbury’s, situated on
the road leading from South Sutton to
Roby’s Corner. It was supposed to have
become extinct, but on Saturday last it
broke vut again and got into the woods,
and destroyed about fifteen cords of hard
wood, cut for market. It was checked,
and a man left to watch it on Sunday.
Toward Sunday night, while the man
was at tea, the fire took a fresh start,
and destroyed fifty or sixty cords more
of his wood, and ran over several acres
of woodland. It was finally checked
Monday night. The wood was insured
in the City of Hartford Company.
FATAL ACCIDENTS.
—Horace Dewey, formerly of Leba
non, was killed in the Chicago fire, by
falling to the sidewalk, while attempting
to escape from the third story of a build
ing to the roof of an adjoining one.
—About 12 o’clock Thursday, while
men were taking timbers, by ropes and
pulleys, to the upper stories of Hasel
tine’s new hotel on Mauchester street,
Manchester, a piece of scantling slipped
from the rope, striking Mr. Daniel H.
Gilman, foreman for Mr. Gay, on the
head, and fractured his skull, which re
sulted in death about five o’clock. He
leaves a wife and one child.
—Capt. William Graves, of Unity, a
well known guide, and landlord of” the
hotel at Big Tupper, in the Adirondack
mountains, was drowned on the 19th,
under the following circumstances: Capt.
G. had shot a deer, while in his boat, and
was driving the animal to the shore,
when she got under the boat and upset
it. Capt. G’s hounds immediately got
upon his back, and so worried him that
his strength gave out when he was within
a rod of the shore where his little son
was awaiting him, but powerless to give
aid. Capt. G. bade him Good-bye,”
and sent a loving message to his wife,
and sank not to rise again. He was
thirty-eight years old, and leaves a wife
and two children.
ACCIDENTS.
—Geo. Kingsbury, of Dover, cut his
left thumb nearly off on Friday, 13th,
while splitting wood.
—A workman in the Dover Print
Works lost a portion of one of his hands
on the 18th.
—ln Nashua, on the 23d, Nellie L.ara
bee, a child six years of age, dislocated
her elbow by a fall.
—A lad named Crosby, had three fin
gers crushed in one of the mills at Man
chester, on Saturday last.
—Mr. John Young, of Sunapee, had
his left arm broken below the elbow,
while at work on a splitting machine in
his tannery, on Thursday morning, 19th,
RELIEF CONTRIBUTIONS.
—Lebanon has contributed SI,OOO in
aid of the Chicago sufferers.
—Exeter has sent four large boxes of
clothing for the Chicago sufferers.
—The citizens and stndents of Han
over raised S6OO for the Chicago sufferers
in three days.
Citizens of Orford have sent the sum
of $550 for the relief of Wisconsin suf
ferers by fires.
—The Unitarian society of Lancaster
contributed $172 on the isth, in aid of
the Chicago sufferers.
—The sum of s3l was collected at the
Methodist church in Henniker Sunday,
in aid of the Chicago sufferers.
—The Sawyer school, of Dover, sent
seven large boxes of clothing to Chica
goand the burnt districts in the north
west,
—The operatives in Pepper’s Hosierg
Mill at Lake Village have contribute
%‘l’oo for the sufferers by the fires in tha
est.
RELIGIOUS,
—Rev. W. S. Kimball, pastor of the
Congregational church at Farmington,
has resigned his pastorate.
—The old church at Squog, which has
stood for over fifty years, is being re
paired.
—Rev. H. W. Day, pastor of the Bap
tist church at Chester, has closed his la
bors with the socicty and moved to
Campton.
—The Universalist Sunday-schools of
this State held a convention” in the Uni
versalist church in Portsmouth, on the
18th.
—A quarterly meeting of the Friends
was held at Weare, on the 19th. The
attendance was large. Among those
who made addresses were Daniel Page,
of Peabodg Mass., Samuel Boyce, of
Lynn, and Elizabeth Gove, of Seabrook.
—The Congregational meeting-house
in Claremont, which has been remodel
ed at an expense of $7,000, was re-dedi-{
cated on the 19th, and Rev, Mr. Rodgers
was ordained and installed as pastor of
the church. President Smith, of Dart
mouth College, delivered the sermon,
CRIMINAL,
John Rich and John Welch, two ris-!
onersin the Manchester jail, escapedp last
Tuesday evening. I
—Carroll Sanborn plesded _gmilty to|
four indictments for breaking and enter-
ing, in the Superior Criminal Court, at
Lawrence; last Thursday.
—The trial of Michael Howard, of
Haverhill, Mass., for murdering David
Crownin, by pushing him froma a load of
hay in Plaistow, is to comménce at Ports
mouth next Monday.
—Joseph Marshall, charged wwith mur
dering Joseph E. Knox, of Seabrook, by
drowning him from a boat, is to be ad
mitted to bail next Saturday, If the body
of Knox is not found by that time.
—Two chicken thieves, namned Jere
miah G. Robbins and George Keyes,
were held in the Nashua Police Court,
Tuesday, in the sum of 3300 each, to
answer to the Supreme Judicial Court.
—Charles Witham, of Northhwood, was
sentenced by Judge Foster, at Ports
mouth, on Monday, to three years in the
State prison, for breaking and entering
a house at Raymond. George K. Smart,
who accompanied him, was sent to jail
for thirty days.
—The house and barn of Mr. Ray
mond, in Milford, were entered on the
20th, and a harness, buffalo robe, hens,
and honey were carried off. The same
night, a harness and a buffalo robe were
taken from the barnof Mr. Hutchinson,
in the same neighborhood.
—Burglars have been operating in
East Washington. The honse of Mr. O.
T.Lear was entered, in the absence of
the family, completely ransacked, and
a tub of butter and provisions taken
away. The house of Mr. John Wood
was also entered, througih the cellar.
Only provisions wetre stolen.
—A man named Prescott, arrested
some months ago for breaking into a de
pot on the Boston, Concord Montreal
Railroad, escaped from the jail at Haver
hill, Friday, 13th, and crossed the Con
necticut river to Newbury, where he
stole a horse, and has not since been
seen by those who want him.
—Lanecaster is. a hard place for ram
drinkers. On the 12th, seven persons
employed on the nilroad got balmy,
and some of them showed fight, for
which they paid $167.73, and recognized
to keep the peace. The eclerk of the
American House was fined $55.62 for
selling them liguor.
—The opening of the Sugar River
Railroad will probably increase busi
ness largely along the line of the road.
We understand a large saw-mill is to be
erected near Maxon's,in Sunapee; and
that an iron stéameris to be placed on
Sunapee Lake next season for the pur-‘
pose of conveying freight and passen
gers.
—Charles H. Sanborn and Warren
Stone, of Pittsfield, were sentenced, in
the U. 8. Circuit Court at Exeter, on
Tuesday, to pay a fine of S4O for carry
ing on the lumber manufacturing busi
ness without having paid the special
tax. The defence was that the respond
ents sawed lumber for other parties, and
that their party receipts did not reach
one thousand dollars, Judge Clark ruled
that if the value of the Tumber sawed
exceeded one thousand dollars, whether
it was owned. by the respondents or not,
'they were liable for the tax.
—The second trial of the case of
United States vs. Welcome Angell was
concluded at Exeter Wednesday even
ing, 18th, having occupied two days. A
verdict of not guilty was returned. The
respondent, who lives im Sunapee, was
indicted three yoars ago on the charge
of carrying on the business of a retail
liquor-dealer without hawving paid the‘
special tax. The case was tried two
years ago, resulting im a verdict of
guilty. Exceptions were taken, and on
various pretexts a second trial was
avoided until now. United States Dis
trict Attorney Rolfe appeared for the
government, and Hon. Edmund Burkc‘
for the defence.
—The case of Austin Covbin, of New
port, which has been on trial in the
United States Circnit Court, at Exeter,
since last Thursday morning, was fin
ished Tuesday forenoon. The jury ren
dered a verdict of guilty. The indict
ment charged Corbin with forwarding
and procuring to be forwarded to the
United States Pension Office, at Wash
ington, a false affidavit, in order to
obtain a fraudulent pension for one
Nathaniel L. Shedd, of Grantham, who
lost a son in the service in 1863. Corbin
was very ably defended by Gen.Marston,
of Exeter, and Hon. EAmund Burke, of
Newport. The prosecution was con
ducted by Henry P, Rolfe, U.B. District
Attorney. The charge of Judge Clark
is spoken of as a very able one.
—C. M. Parker, of Thornten’s Ferry,
visited Carroll Sanborn, on the 18th, and
recovered a suit of clothes, watch and
chain, stolen from his house early in Sep
tember, and obtained an order on City
Marshal Philbrick for $375 stolen at the
same time also an order for the amount
taken from the wallet ©f John Wheeler,
$30,0n the same niilixt. The Mirror says
Mr. Sanborn gave Mr. Parker all the in
formation he desired in regard to his
movements about the neigh'f)orhood on
the night of the robbery, and in regard
to the whereabouts of the empty wallet,
memorandum-book, and contents of the
pockets of the clothes, which he left,
with the exception of the cash, near the
premises, where he sapposed they could
easily be found, and where they were
found with little difficalty—the notes and
checks being in good condition.
CROPS.
—Murs. Josiah H. Holden, of Stewarts
town, has raised 221 mice squashes this
year.
—J. B. Downs, of Farmington, has
raised a ruta-baga this season, which
weighs 21 pounds,
—P. S. Braley, of Grrafton, raised this
season a single beamn stalk on which
were 163 pods, containing 653 beans.
—Asa Noyes, of Colebrook, raised
2,100 bushels of potatoes from six acres
and forty-nine square rods of land this
vear.
—G. B. Billings, of Lebanon, has a
young peach tree the branches of which
have made anaggregate growth of over
100 feet this season.
—R.B.Neal Son, of Tut‘tonborouﬁh,
harvested this season, from two and a
quarter acres, 225 bushels of ears of
sound corn and 15 bushels of pig corn.
MISCELL A NEOUS,
—The Colebrook Sentinel has adopted
the pay-in-advance sy stem.
—The first piece of concrete walk was
laid in Rochester last week.
—The apprzyrlation for schools in
the town of Claremnont, this vear, is
$5,604.80.
—The musical convertion at Lancas
ter, last week, was well attended and
successful.
—The Winnipiseogee Paper Company
of Franklin, are rebuilding their paper
mills with brick.
—Strawberry blossoms, ripe raspber
ries, and snow are reported from Lan
caster, since the 13th.
—The Catholic Fair at Manchester, in
aid of St. Joseph’s church, closed Tues
day evening, with a net profit of $2,500.
—A passenger depot 24 by 44 feet, with
200 feet of platform, is to be built at
Lancaster before the first of next Janu
ary.
—The State bonds stolen from Mr.
Jesse Crosby, of Nashua, by burglars,
have been negotiated by a Boston bank
ing-house.
—A teachers’ institute for Belknap
county is to be held at Laconia, com
mencing on the 30th inst., and to con
tinue one week.
—The meeting at Claremont, on Sat
urday last, called to consider the Sugar
River Railroad appropriation, adjourn
ed without action.
—Three boys in Tamworth took to the
mountain on the 4th inst., and after
nearly starving were found and return
ed to their homes.
—Carroll Engine Company, from
Wolfeborough, visited the Cocheco Com
pany,at Rochester, last Friday, and were
handsomely entertained.
—The Firemen’s Muster proved an ex
"pensive entertainment for Portsmouth,
the bills amounting to over £3,000, it
is reported. The sum originally appro
priated was SI,OOO.
—A survey of Willard’s pond, in Dov
er, is being made by Gov. Weston and
Mr. J. B. Sawyer, of Manchester, with
a view of furnishing that city with a
supply of pure water.
—Mr. Simeon Robinson, of Hudson,
had three cows choked to death, last
Saturday night, by the giving way of
an old barn floor on which the cows
were tied up. Four others were saved
by cutting away the stanchions.
—A semi-annual trade-sale of carriages
came off at Portsmouth last Saturday, at
Came Brothers’ carriage manufactory.
It was the largest auction sale of new
carriages ever held in the State, and the
result was satisfactory.
—Surveys and levelings are now being
made for the construction of an aque
duct to bring water to the village of
Meriden. Prof. J. E. Goodrich has
charge of the affair, and hopes to finish
it before the ground freezes this fall.
—The Frenchman killed at Laconia,
on the 18th, was named Troque, twen
ty-three years of age, and a wood-chop
per. He came to his death either by
falling from a car, or by falling under
one,in an attempt to get on atrain while
it was in motion, he being drunk at the
time.
—A race in Claremont last week, par
ticipated in by Nellie Locke, American
Boy, Bristol Bill, and Frank Palmer, was
won by Palmer in 2:353, 2:36 and 2:35,
Bristol Bill coming in second, and Nellie
Locke third. The first heat was a dead
one between Nellie Locke and Frank
Palmer, time 2:354. The second heat
was won by Bristol Bill in 2:35.
—The Portsmouth fishing fleet has had
a successful season, and returns without
accident to men or vessels. The catch
of codfish has been large, and prices
good; and the catch of mackerel has
Been an average one, with an upward
tendency in prices. Some of the larger
vessels are to be put into the coasting or
West India trade for the winter.
—The two new buildings of the Beaver
Mills company, in Keene, are nearly
completed. They are 200 by 60 feet.
The engine and boiler room is to be 76
by 50 feet, and the chimney 113 feet in
height. The engine is to be of 250 horse
power. Another building, 100 by 60
feet, will complete the number designed,
and the outlay will be SIOO,OOO.
—The second annual reunion of the
First N. H. Cavalry Association will be
held at Concord, Tuesday, Nov. 14th.
The business meeting is to take place at
Memorial Hall, at 11 o’clock A. M. din
ner at Angelos Hall, at 2 o’clock p. M.,
on which occasion there will be toasts,
responses, and addresses. All surviving
comrades of the First N. H. Cavalry are
invited to attend.
—ln the Supreme Judicial Court for
Rockingham county, Judge Foster is
hearing the equity suit brought bﬁ the
Rockingham Ten Cent Savings Bank
against the city of Portsmouth to test
the right of the city to tax the savings
bank %uilding and property ‘on Market
street, the bank claiming that they are
required by law to pay a tax to the State,
and that no other tax can be imposed
upon their property.
—The Great Falls Manufacturing Com
pany are improving their works by put
ting in a four hundred horse power
steam engine, with which to run a part
of the Upper Level Mills in case the
water supply falls short. The company
are now, and have been during the snm
mer, running every loom and spindle
on full time. Also a number of model
tenement-houses are being built for the
accommodation of the Canadian French
who are employed in the mills.
—The attention of buyers of Dry
Goods is called to the advertisement in
another column of Blanchard’s One-
Price Store. Mr. Blanchard does busi
ness strictly on the one-price system and
sells as low as the lowest. Ladies in
making Fall and Winter purchases will
do well to give him a call.
After a long series of experiments,
the Mason Hamlin Organ Company
have at last made a successful combina
tion of pipes and reeds in their Cabinet
‘Organs, and the effect produced thereby
is exceedingly fine. To accomplish this
many difficulties have been overcome,
the principal one, arising from the fact
that while the pitch of a set of pipes is
very susceptible to the temperature of
the almosphere, reeds will vary but lit
tle. The invention (patented) now in
troduced, consists of an ingenious ar
rangement whereby the pitch of all the
pipes may be raised or lowered by
simply turning a screw which is attach
ed immediately over the key-board. One
of these instruments is now on exhi
bition at E. P. Gerould’s Photograph
rooms. Musicians and the public gen
erally are invited to call and see this and
other styles of the Mason Hamlin
organs.
Heto Adbertisements.
OF
FOR 1871,
AT THE WELL KNOWN CHEAP STORE
We have just received an immense and well se
lected stocfx of IDIRMESS GOODS, fresh from
New York, to which we would cordially invite your
attention. Our stock comprises all the most styl
ish and fashionable fabrics of the season, including
Epinglines, Roubaix Cloth, Baden Suit
ings, Biaritz, Empress, Thibets,
Sultana and Neorwich Popline, Plain,
Plaid and Striped Satteens,
Melanges, &c.
Also, a large lot of
FRENCH and ENGLISH PLAIDS,
And a full line of
IRISH AND LYONS POPLINS,
ALL SHADES.
IN BLACK SILKS
Of Foreign and American makes, we have a new
and fresh stock; low prices and the
best of bargains. Our
Is the largest and best selected stock welhave
ever been able to offer. In
BLACK ALPACAS
At prices ranging from 23 cents to $1.25.
A large lot of
Brilliantines, Lustres, Mohairs, Australian Crape,
EMPRESS,
And some very desirable MOURNING STRIPES.
Examine this stock our prices speak
for themselves.
Our new stock of
Is large and complete; unequalled in this eity; we
arrge at homenzll)u these g?)?)da, and fuaran(ze
you a bargain. Also, the larg
est invoice of
WOOLEN SHAWLS,
Square and long, ever offered in Concord.
Also, au immense new stock of
House-Keeping Goods,
BROWN AND WHITE LINENS,
Double and Single, Satin Damask, Hand
Loom and the Turkey Reds, Towels,
Napkins, Flannels, Brown and
White, Cottons. Denims’ Tickings,
and and extra large lot of
DAMAGED BLANKETS,
From the Manufacturers’, which we can sell at low
water mark.
An endless variety of
‘Small Wares, fresh and entirely new
styles.
An extra fine line of
Ladies, Misses, and Children’s Under
wear,
Of various grades. Also Hosiery and Gloves m
the latest styles and prices.
A stock of Weeolens for Men’s and Boys’ wear.
Black Beavers, Velveteens in all colors and
qualities. Wasterproofings, and a full line of
custom made Waterproofs constantly on hand.
We cannot be undersold. We cordially invite
your inspection to all these goods, and ask ¥our
favors. Assure yourself that this is not principal
ly TALK by coming and seeing for yourself,
F. B. UNDERHILL CO.,
MAIN STREET, CONCORD, N. H.
l Oct. 19, 1871. dlw wtf
OFFICE OF THE
INSURANCE CO.
SPRINGFIELD, MASS., Oct. 25, 1871,
TO OUR AGENTS:
As many of the Companies have been deeceived
in the amount of their Chicago Losses, we conclude
at this late day to make the following statement
which we know to be correct
Assets at Market value,e.ee.cceeeeiaiennns «$1,077,000
Chicafo Losses not 0ver,........5450,000
All other outstanding Losses,.. 47,220 $497,220

$579,780
This will give us our Capital of $500,000 entire,
and Surplus of $79,780, and we expect a Salvage of
over $25,000 at Chicago. Our adjusters are paying
all Losses at Chicago in cash as fastas they can he
adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to
pay to the Company pro rata on their Stock $325,000
within thirty days, as a Reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with the Laws of
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
CAPITAL AND SURPLUS of over $900,000 after
paying all outstandinglosses,
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pesident.
SANFORD J. HALL, Secy.
DWIGHT R. SMITH, Vice Prea.
R. P. STANIELS, Agent.
Concord, Oct. 25, 1871, d&wlm
GALVIN THORN SON,
DEALERS IN EVERY VARIETY OF
Boots, Shoes and Rubbers,
AT THE OLD STAND,
STICKNEY'S NORTH BLOCK.
Business established by the Senior member in 1844.
OUR STOCK
IS NOT SURPASSED FOR
QUALITY OR QUANTITY,
By any in the city, and our customers may be as
sured that we will
NOT BE UNDERSOLD.
CALVIN THORN, JOHN C. THORN,
Concord, Oct. 19, 1871. dawtf
Dissolution of Copartnership.
TIIE partnership heretofore existing between
the undersigned, under the firm name of Mc-
FARLAND JBNKS, has been, bx mutual consent,
dissolved. Geerge E. Jenks and Edward A. Jenks
are authorized to sign in liquidation. Persons
havin‘g unadjusted accounts with the firm of McFar
land Jenks, whether for job printing, advertising,
or subscriptions to the REPUBLICAN STATESMAN,
are requested to settle them d)romEt]J.
EO. K, JENKS,
HENRY MCFARLAND,
ROSSITER JOHNSON.
Concord, Oct, 2,1871. 3wd
To Carpenters and Builders.
SEALED proposals will be received for two
weeks from date, for the erection and comple
tion of an ellor wing to be connected with the
County Farm buildings at North Boscawen, N. H.
Plans and specifications can be seenat the store of
C. G. Pressey, Concord, N. H.
Building to be comrleted by the first day of June
next. The commissioners reserving the right to
reject any or all bids,
C. G, PRBSSEY,
ENOCH PAGE,
PARKER BROWN.
County Commissioners for Merrimack County.
Concord, Oct. 17, 1871, wawddlw
29