ii a uh a The Weekly lutelligencer
The Daily Intelligence!*, At M M Al Nl iV IZ .wn^Wt^tu
bvMail.iHir year, In advance, .|7 SIiikWiCony, for oneyear,In advance,. 1 80
>lx oontha, <i*'| nix months 100
three month*, *00 ClabnolTen 13 00
Uollvured by Carriers, par wee* lfi of Fifteen 18 00
t?km3o? sBu-wKiuu.Y: j vv WHl^EMNG W N TUESDAY J^ORNINii, JStO\ EMBER 7 IS/1. NO. 65 inj
eurmr.lnadTUc. g" V OJU 2la..
Hlx aonbu. In ___
TUruo mouUii. lu advance, 1 ?l|
UkilMAligma:
Elections To-duy.
Today elections will bo held in Nev
York, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia
Mississippi, Arkansas, Nebraska, Wiscon
kin, Illinois, Minnesota, and Massachu
setts. The chief interest ccntres in Neu
York City, whcru an intense struggle u
iu progress between tho honest meu o;
both parties and the thieves of Tuniinuuy.
The excitement is so hi#h, there is sc
much at stake, and the thieves are so desperate
in their ctlorts to savo themselves!
that there is apprehensions ol collisions
Slid bloodshed. Business will be suspendml,
and thousands of the better class who
have not taken part In elections heretofore
will bo at the polls to-day. Amplo
preparations have been nwdo to employ
both police and military, if needed to enforce
law and order, but It is not unlikely
some blood will stain the pavements
of the Metropolis before sundown
this evening.
As UmviUIUNTltD Extootion.?The
people nf Cincinnati aro In tko straits for
coal, Tho river, tho medium through
which they are accustomed to draw supplies,
has been so long closed that tho
stock on band is nearly exhausted. Tho
prico at hut accounts was up to 2ft cents.
Tho great demand and high prico have
stimulated shipments by rail; and within
a few days considerable quantities have
gono lonvard from tho mines at Newburg
and Clarksburg, over tho Jlaltlmoro
Ohio ami Marietta Cincinnati roads.
Now, wi.' hear tlmt even this source
of supply la nearly cut off by tlio
action of the Marietta .V Cincinnati
road, whoso authorities, eager to rauke
tile most out tlio necessities of the people
of Cincinnati, have added $5 per ton to
ibe tariff heretofore charged Tor the transportation
ol coal. This at present prices
u nearly prohibitory, and discriminates at
once against our Wot Virginia mines and
against tlio people of Cincinnati; and ii
the latter want coal over that route they
will have to raise the price above the already
ruinous figures. Booing that tbo
cost of carrying coal over the M. C.
mail cannot have increased any in so short
a time, this increase of tariifis puro extortion.
M?. Hknjamin II. Hill, the wellknown
llcorgia politician, lately delivered
?n address before tlio Alumni Society of
tlio Hutu of floort'lii which mitiln n rmihii.
liou. llo cumo out squarely against
slavery, unci attributed to it All the evils
that have been entailed upon the South.
This was a new departure indeed, and
ail the Georgia papers are discussing it
with vehemence. The beginning and end
of moat of their arguments is that Mr.
Hill "is au abolitionist"?a terrible
thrust, which used to anuihilute whole
ffqUAilrons. Mr. Hill's language is thai
slavery ntfeeted, and most clctoterioiisly
ailected, the southern States and people,
in general, in scientific, physical and educational
progress, and especially in material
and commercial development, and as
a consequence delayed their growth In
wealth, population and physical power."
A rincuiiAti, covering blank powers of
attorney, announces tlio terms of the
Pennsylvania Central's lease ol the Cleveland
Pittsburgh road. Tlio Pennsylvania
Railroad is to pay the interest on all
the bonds of tlio Pittsburgh, and guarantee
the stockholders of the same seven
per cent, Irce of tax, on a share capital
forty-three per cent greater than the present
capital. In a word, the stockholders
<>l the Pittsburgh receive a scrip dividend
<?f forty-three per cent. The Company
has for years past earned more than ten
|?er rent on Its old capital, and has declared
dividends ol that amount. By the
new arrangement the stockholders will
rerrlvK BPvnn nnr rout tin tint \,\nri>n*n,\
capita); which is equal to ten per ccnt on
tho old capital. The future improvement
in the road will, of course, be realised by
tin1 Pennsylvania Kailroad Company.
An old lady, Mary Jackson, died recently
at Dayton, Ohio, who, It i* stated
<>n reliable authority, has attained the remarkable
age of one hundred and nineteen
years. She was admitted to tho county
infirmary October 23,11837, and her ago
at that time was registered at eighty-five
years. Until within the last three weeks
he was able to walk about tho place, and
was remarkably active for ao aged a perwn.
Bhe had attained her "second sight,"
and was able to see her last days without
glasses. Ho health had been remarkably
KOod.aml there was no indication of diseaso
to the last, her life going out like a
candle burned to the socket. Bho had
been heard to say that her maiden name
was Polly Mount, and that sho was born
iu New York, but no information could
he obtained from her as to whether sho
had any friends or relations living.
A N a it row oaloii JUn.noA!? from
tide-water to Pittsburgh is said to be one
"i win mil lormeu project! soon to no developed
practically. Concerning who
Arathe originator!, nothing precise can
fttAtcd at present. It may l>o wild,
however, that the office id In Philadelphia.
TwrId'i district, which gives twenty
thmwsnd Democratic majority, is pronounced
by the New York )Vorli\ a? the
'n?*t loathsome political scab in the
t'nited Plates."
Till Hcliefont Iron Works, nt Iron ton,
(Miio, owned by the Norton brother*, formerly
of this city, his recently increased
in capital stock from $420,000 \<r 1500,ooo.
Tnt "Neglected Married Woman's
""fifty" jVassod a resolution Inviting re,*
"pectahle young men to attend tho weekly
mtetingt.
Wheeling'! Norlhweitern Gullet.
Editor* of the Intelligencer:
The building of a railroad from Wheel.
iug to Toledo has been engaging the attention
of many of our citizen* and those
of our neighboring State of Ohio, and it
may be that our eity will before loug be
called on to make a subscription to the
capital stock of this road. Would it not
1)0 well lor our citizens to signify in some
way to the Council their desire iu regard
r to ihis matter, alter informing themselves
i of the proposed advantages ot the road
I aod the city's ability to make a subscription
to it without its being burthensome
to them iu the way of taxation Some of
the advantages to accrue from tho building
of the road are: First, it will secure
tlio return of a large trade to our merchants
in Northeastern Ohio, which was j
taken from them by tho completion of thu
Panhandle road; second, it opens up a
readv wav to thu lakes and the whole
Northwest [or our manufacturers; and
third, it brings us into intimate relations
with the cities of tiandujky and Toledo,
two of thu most important towns on the
lakes. Toledo now has seven lines of
railway running into it, and is the
terminus of ono of the largest canals
in the West, tho Wabash Ohio,
llialdus she has three entire new lines
projected, together with other branches
Irom lines now in operation; all of which,
when completed, will make her the greatest
railroad centre in tho west, with one
eu'i'ption?Chicago, Bho has direct connection
with lloston, New York, Philadelphia,
Ualtimore and Norfolk, in the
cast, and competing lines to Cinciunati,
Chicago, tit. Louis, Detroit, Northern
Michigan and Canada.
Perhaps a statement of the indebtedness,
receipts and olpcuditurea ol the
city will help our citizens to form an opinion
of her ability to take stock in the road.
()ur Indebtedness now amounts to $500,001);
$1150,000 in bonds payable in 1801,
and $150,000 payable in 1SD3. Tho aswtacd
valuation at tho real and personal
property of tho city Is over $18,000,000.
Our income lor tho current year will be
about as follows, viz
r raw ucai eaiAioMU personal >rop y. w
Water renta 48,38100
Wharves 4,570 00
Weenies 14,000 00
Hullroad Ux 15,000 00
Market huQBO rent* 8 66*00
lllaullnneoua sources 4,?j? 00
$160,49* 00
Our expenditures (baaing tho calcula*
tion oq lust year's) will probably bo as lollow8,
viz:
Iiiterest on $330,000, and slnklujj fund for
redemption of aame $94,000
IiitcruHiaud elukln^c fund for compromiso
Bund* $1AO.OOI)-(J?. Ii. Tax)- 15.000
Wntcr Works 14,000
Klro Department 14,0()0
tttrvcta and Alleys 111,000
Landing" 700
Markwts 8,000
Salaries 4,600
lie Will Department a,000
Pullcu 151,01.0
Sundries 4,coo
$1-23,300
Kxccpa of recclpta over ordinary expodl
$37,202
Buddoso a subscriptioo by this city of
$200,000 in twenty year bonds at 7 or 0
;>ur cent, a sinking fund to redeem these
bonds and pay tlw interest on them would
not exceed *20,000 par annum, leaving
$17,202 to bo applied to the nse of the
city. This statement Is on the supposition
Unit the road will not prove a paying one.
Hut does any sano person lor an instant
doubt its paying, or suppose that this city
will ho called on to pay interest or principal
out ol the general funds of tlio city, 1
alter the first two or three years the road
Is in operation?
11 this calculation is correct (and the
figures lor it are taken from the Oily
Clerk's hook) any one can see that it is
entirely within the city's power to make
tlio subscription without Increasing taxation
n single penny, and still leavo a larger
amount in the hands of the council for
general city purposes by $17,000 than
ever before.
Would it lie just to our citv or ourselves,
Sir. Editor, to permit an opportunity
like lids to go through our hands without
any clfort to secure it 1 A city of
25,00(1 inhabitants, with $18,000,000 ol
tnxnble properly, an income ol $100,000,
ami only $500,000 ol Indebtedness, and
tlint provided lor out of our income, not
able and willing to inaka a subscription
of $200,000 to oneot the most, if 'tot altogether
the 'moil, Important railway lines
ever projected hero, is simply art absurd
ity, mid Hint, too, men it aom increase
titration a tingle tent. Whkmno. i
The? Went Vii. Election?Whnt Thcjr
Think of Us Abroad?Catalogued
IVith Teiai and N. Y. City.
From thu Cincinnati Gazette.
The returns from West Virginia indicate
a Democratic victory. Tlinisucli is the
opinion ol tiio editor ol tho West Virginia
Courier, wo Jmlgt*, from tho fact that he 1
adorns the heads ol nine columns with as
many lusty fowls, that evidently think
"the cnckio of their rustic burgh the murmjf
ol the world." Tho official returns
aro not in yet, but tho able-bodied editor,
in his summitry of probabilities, remarks
Unit the Democratic majority in tlie Btate
will reach 15,000; that only one Republican
has been elected to tho Btato Senate,
tlius making tho now Benate stand 18 1
Democrats to 4 Republicans; that the
House Will stand 47 Democrats to!) Republicans;
that in tho Convention the
Democrats will have 07 and tho Republican!
11. West Virginia will evidently
have to bo put In tho samo category as
Texas and New York City. It is a little
discouraging to one who entertains a
serene confidence In tho doctrine of human
progress.
a rtkw 1 ohk ucspaicuin iiiu cincinnati
Timet Chronidt says tho holders ol
Cleveland and Pittsburg, whoso stock was
borrowed Just before the recent sudden
closing of tho bonks, Intend diluting the
rullillnrnt of tho lease to the I'cntiflylruiiit
Central, lor tho ronton thai it guarantees
only ten per cent dividend, when
tlic rnniV Is capable of carnim; much more.
Tho point will bo mado that tho lease
mint bo ratified by a majority of stockholders
as they shall stand on recloslng
tlio books aflcr tho reopening of tbo bookt
fur the special election. An ifijuctlon
nil! Im soutfht tonrevent tho comummv
lion o! the lenso without aucli preliminary
notion.
Tor editor of tlio Leslie (Mich.I hijahl,
maddened by the "big nppjo" Items gWng
the rounds of tho prcw, unblushlnfly
arknowlodgt's the rccclpt of ?n npple
weighing one and one-half ton.
A-cwipi.h wiro roccntly married at
(Ireencastlo, Ind, tlio groom weighing
38? pounds ami the bride M pound*.
TnitRii rennttylranlaM r?ul about the
war ol 1813, and then went and thrnahed i
an Kngllthraan Sail to death.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PRESS EEPOBT.
Exrlnslrcly to tlie Intelligencer.
lUjr ill* Weaicrn Uuton Liuo.
UUitc North-wot cor. ot Main and Monroe nia.)
CHICAGO.
Ten IiiKurunto Ca?c?-To-Dav'f
Elcctiou?Ilusineiw Suspended.
Cuicauo, Nov. 0.?A petition in
bankruptcy has beeu tiled in the U. S. Cir-
cuit Court in this city, asking that the j
Manhattan Insurance Company of New
Vork, bo declared u bankrupt, aud an us-
assignee appointed to take charge ot its
assets tor tUe benefit ot' its creditors. This
has been done to test the question as to
whether a foreign corporation doing business
in this State, is amenable to the bankrupt
courts of this state. This is done
under the authority of the uct of the General
Assembly, passed inarch 11,184)1), in
which il is enacted that an insurance company
incorporated or organized under the
laws of anv other State desiring to do business
in this State must first appoint au attorney
in this State on whom a process of
law can be served and tiled in the olllco
of the State Auditor. It is claimed under
this act that anv loreign insurance
company that should como into this
State to do business, should be amenable
to the laws of this State, to the sumo extent,its
private citizens, and the creditors of
such company should not be obliged to
apply to tlio judicial power of any other
Stale for the enforcement of their rights
or claims. The .Manhattan Insurance
Company in entering this Slute to do
business, complied with the statues referred
to by appointing an agent, who
still resides in the city of Chicago, upon
whom service can be had if a process is v
issued by any court in the couuty. (l
There is a deep interest manifested in j,
tho result of tho election to bo held to*
morrow. There will be comparatively a
large vote cast. (j
The Hoard ot Trade to day resolved to
adjouru over until Wednesday, and no JJ
transactions by that body will take nlace, y
The Mayor has also issued a proclanm*
tion recommending the closing ot all u
classes of business uuring tho day.
I)r. C. V. Dyer, an old and well known p
citizen, was arrested to day at tho suit of g
Thomas J. Sutherland, a lawyer, who J
charges that Dr. Dyer on Saturday last,
with lorcc of arms, made an assault upon 0
him, and then and there did beat him c
violently upon the head and face with a
large and heavy cane. Damages twenty* n
five thousand dollars. L,
The Shelter Committeo of tho Aid So* e
cicty report that 5,089 persons have made
application lor temporary ^houses, and l(
4,178 have been granted. v
James Warrack has been appointed
Hrltislt Consul lor Chicago. Tho Consu-
late was abolished several years ago, but J
has been again revived. 8I
SOUTH CAHUIilNA. u
tl
Tho Unit) on tho Ku-Kliix?Tlic Alleged
Corruption* of Ntato OIH- ir
curi*
IN tew York, November 0.?Tho Tri-
bune'H special from Columbia, 8. C.. Bays: Ul
Iti York county oyer one hundred men
have been arrested, including four nc-
groes, and nearly ns many more volun- j
tarily gave themselves up, who confessed ttl
that they belong to tlio Ku-Klux Klan,
und Imvo told the whole story of their j
connection with it. In BpartatiBburg JJcounty
the number of arrests this fur in
ibout ono hundred, many of whom have "J1,
made confessions. Tim greater part of
tlio men apprehended belong to tho tmor
whito class. The reports published in
jome of tlio New York newspapers of the 111
irruAtol women isuntruo^ iis aro all other 8,1
jtories about the prisoners being subJcct
tn minltinfl or unnecessary hardship.
Tho World reltcratcB tho report about
the plundering of Boulh Carolina by tho
Statu officers, and Bays later Information
iliows it not only to bo correct, but even
hi tempered In tlin Interest ol truth und
lustico towards all as to fall lar short of
tho real condition of allairs. The World
?laoallegesimmemuissues ol fraudulent I,
bonds by tho Htato officers of North
Carolina. It promises in a lew days to 01
;ivo tbo ofllclal figures regarding both
Irauds. K
Tho Ku KIiii Arrests?Numerous
Murders Confcsse<lt fn
Wasainoton, November 0.?Senator I'
Scott received a letter Ironi York
vlllo, B. 0., dated October 20th, slating P1
Ibat Avery Tomlinson and llratton, tol'cthor
with some twenty or thirty other cl
of tiio Ku Iiluj precipitately fled, About cl
lino hundred and sixty delivered them- oi
selves up. Tho cvidenco is very strong
against them. There is a confirmation of P
a large number of whippings and tho f?
hanging of Tomlinson of which Ilratton si
was loader and Avery accesory; nlso of
tho murder of Hrown, Leet and llound- tl
tree, besides fires and otlief murders not w
heretofore snspectod. Thirty pcrsuns con- I"
corned in various murders aro in jail,
mostofthcm having fully confessed, sUrfw- t!
Ing that nil tho murders committed wero J
by order or (Jrana uniei Avery. J hero
is great rejoicing among tho people at
the relief which has been afforded them, ti
and tlw President's action is thought to 1*
bo vindicated by the facia. rJ
'i
I.ITTIiE ROCK. s*
litTTt.R Km'*, Nov. 0.?TIic Btnle Med!fill
Association convened to-day, mid
electa! John Itolcomb, ol Plnu Xlluir, U
President lor tlie ensuing year.
The I'olice Committee of the City Colin-
eil hud a meeting to-night, and each tneni-
ber decided to tuke chargo ol one word at
the election to morrow. Forty special j.
police have been sworn In by each. Tlie U.
S. Post here has received Instructions
irom Washington to sustain the city ail- J]
thorlties in preserving the pence.
The Conference 01 tho M. R. Church, J"
South, Is still in session, but will adjftutn P
to-morrow.
Tho Grand Lodge of Masons convened
in-night. (Iranil master, W. W. Williams, 7
delivered Ills address to an unusually large
assemblage.
A torciilight procession takes place to-
night by tho Brooks' Republicans. Fesrs J,
ol trouble nrc still apprehended.
PllitADKLPlIIA.
Plttt.AMti.iiiU, Not.-?.-.Iii the Spring 0
Gordon Methodist Episcopal church,|10,- u
WO was collected yesterday, for the Clilra-
ei> suiferers. Kiglileen hundred iloUari r
w:\fl collected In the same church t#o
week* n<jo. Dr. Kowler, of Chicago, delivered
nn nddrew. V
The lrw l?y firfljifrAVottson Clark- d
?on'n phosphate linlR at Point fiftWC, 11
ffni $15,000. Fallflmtired. ai

NEW YORK CITY.
Suitfor Haifa Million Agulunl Thou.
V. Flclil..
Nkw Youk, Nov. u ?TUu Attorney
General liaa begun a suit on behalf uf the
people and the Mayor, Aldermen and the
commonality of New York, against
Thomas 0. Fields, in the Supreme Court
to recover (-t.')U,U77 IraudulenUy obtained
Irom the eity treasury in the payment of
certain elniius brought by Field in behalf
L>f the members oi the old lire department.
Fields is the candidate for the Benito
irom the lttth district ugainst Uoratio
Seymour.
Tho Tribune says that in soma of the
listriels, more notably iu that ol Bradley
M1U urivil, UU liUCUXU lUltTCSl Id uiaen
n the flection, which threatens to disJisturb
the peace, while the proapects of
k quiet election generally are not encour*
igmg. The canvass of the past two
uonlbs has beou noisy aud vigorous. In
wnleala where the struggle in narrowed
lown to a single candidate in the ring and
lie reform tickets, frequent disturbances
ire almost certain, though it is
loped that the police and militay
preparations are sufficient to sup*
irets factiousness and prevent a gen:ral
riot, which has been threatened, and
nore have been feared. Practically, there
ire only two tickets in the Held, that of
he ring or Tammany, aud the Reformers.
)n the county ticket of the latter the He-
mblicansof both organizations and the
lonest Democracy are firmly united. The
icket is being made up of both Kepubli-
aim aud Democrats, and is heartily inlorsed
aud actively supported by several
eform organizations which have sprung i
Qto existence for this canvass. i
The Time# is authorized to stato that j
lov. Hotl'man will recommend the next
jcgislalure to so amend the laws as to i
i re vent imprisonment lor debt, lie will j
Iso recommend special legislation regard- c
tig tin? undue detention ol witnesses. j
Pratt's oil works at Hunter's Point,
imre burned veaterdav. Durirnr the fire
large tank of gasoline exploded, seriousy*
burning four llranum. Lobs $'20,000.
Miss Alice Mapes, ot this city, was taken 1
rom a Filth Avenue stage in a dying conition
Saturday, and died shortly alter at
it. Luke's Hospital. The post-mortem I
howed poison. It is belioved that she I
nvs drugged by villians who answered
er advertisement for a position as gov-
The lire in a moulding mill on East s
'orty-second street, destroyed about I;
00,000 projHirty, half covered by insur- n
nee.
Judge Bedford, thistmorning, at the I
pening of court at its general session, fi
harged the grand jury with the excise, 1
sury, lottery and election laws against t
upeaters, and that those violating the li
lection laws should bo promptly punish- t
d. c
A mnndaiuus compelling Muyor Ilall s
i appoint new Inspectors of Election, t
fas vacated bv Judge Barnard. v
Tlits olllce of the lloboken leader, was c
utted Uiis morning by unknown parties, n
t is believed it tins been dono at the In- t
tanco of the rival Democratic faction.) n
The water police liavo demanded, but t
id not get two months pay, ol tlio C'omp- I
oiler, today. t:
Thero are many rumors floating to-day S
i regard to the anticipated troubles at n
10 polls to-morrow. It is reported that 1
iingn ol roughs have cotne from Phlla- d
clphia for repeating purposes. v
The Sheriil lias not yet received the or- U
Br granted this morning to arrest Fields, p
o ellort will bo made to serve one tuitll tl
Tier the election.
An order for tho releaso of one or the u
risoncrs In the Ludlow street jail, signed
f Judgo Barnard, Is not being complied
Ith oy the Sheriff, who has taken the
lvice or counsel 4n the matter of Jurlsdic- y
ction, which is to come up on habeas
rput Wednesday. ft:
It was ordered to-day that members of ll|
ie militia on duty rnall bo relieved a 1)1
lort time to enable them to vote.
The Fiflk-Mansllcld injunction, which 11
ly, is postponed until Wednesday. P
All tlio Htate and United Suites Courts I1
ivu adjourned over to morrow. 11
On Biitiirdny, a clerk named Nevlus at- 01
lifted to toko Irom tlio register's olllce P
Hint 2fl() deeds, mortgages, &o., invtilv- P
ig four or (Ivo hundred city lots, but was J1
revented by the watchman this morning. I*.
e was arrested and committed in delault
f|2,000 bail to answer. T
George Hoffman pleaded guilty to passig
counterleit money to day and was Benmeed
to three years Imprisonment. j
l'etcr Tenlacher was Bent to Sing Sing q
ir fifteen years for assaulting and robbing ..i
>anlel O'HltlMAn In October.
The tfcsoof tho repeater Lazarus was
mtponed Indefinitely
In Brooklyn to day Judge Gilbert
mrged tlio Urnnd Jury In regard to tho
cctlon law and tho punishment of Iraads
n the ballot.
The Coroner thinks the testimony will
rove, In the caso of tho young lady
mntl sick In n Fifth avenue stngc, who
ibscquently died, ono of suicide. Mr.
lapes, of Middletown, her father, was at
lis a highly respectcd and Intelligent
idy..
The Coroner's jury lu-dny were unable
i fix the responsibility of tho death of 7
ohn O'liourkc.who was found in a dying tl
ondltloti recently, In Second avenue.
One ot tho rumors concerning Uie elec- a
nn frauds Is that tlie Tammany rufllans
itend having many false name? 0I1 the n
;gistry Us"0 bo voted upon early In the n
ay, to tho exclusion of legitimate -voters.
k'liere a man votes on a false name there 0
:ems to ho no refnody.
Arrived?Steamer Calabria.
Intelligence reccivod here to day re
orts that tho assassins ottho lato Lord n
lilef Justlcft of India liavo boen hanged.
lis hodv was burned hy a number of
atlves nf the lowest caste. I
A number of prominent gentlchien.in*
Indlng Clinrlcs O'Conner, John K. Dove- g
nana Oswnld Ottendorre sent a com-
iwiiiciunin u) mo tjiuifcioiiuii uwrcij, in- g
Kiting their attention to the report llmt 0
migrants now In words on too Island
re falsely registered, nnd asking tint
icastnes lie taken to prwent their rotIg.
Cafds have been pnMlshed by O'Dono- n
nn Hr?a and Urn. Bigcl, the one solicit- v
ig the support of the other. liosa etnten
mt Sigel Iiim promised tho third of the j,
atronagc of the oftlce 6f tfgtoter to AincH-
?ns, a third to tho Irish, a third to tlie
lermans. H#>calla upon tlie cltizeM to i,
ceo 4 lookout for the count. Us It ho gets t
fair sliow ho thinks he can defeat Tweed.
This evening Alderman Bernard O'Ncil,
(thcSUl Ward, was arrested ami looked
pf in thn f.nrtl'iw street Jul?. 'Hit- fiihrpc
as made bv l'atrlck Connolly, who acused
O'Ncil of Iiaving Induced him to i
rate Illegally at tho last election. j
li. O. Hcrnheira, <lUM Williams, alia.' 1:
Ifatson, altm CaaSldy, was arrested to- r
liy, charged with raising a dmlt on a
lolmes A Marty, from $JD,00 to |;l,000, C
nd obtaining tha money on it. Ha has a
also operated in Washington, and is s:iid
to have committed forgeries upon tUe
bouse of Clark Co., bankers, Philadelphia.
WASHINGTON.
Washington, Nov. G.
The President bus appoiutcd William
Prescott Smith and Jobu W. Davis Commissioners
from Maryland to the Centenial
celebration of Independence.
The United States Supreme Comi today
granted leave to the State of Kentucky
to tile a petition ot mandamus to
compel the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a warrant for $525,251), the amount
alleged to be duo on account of war
claims. The motion will be argued on the
17th inst.
The Commissioner of Patents to-day
dissolved the interference of B. E. W.
Nichols, of Cauton, Ohio, in the caso of
Richard A Jackson, ot Aliunce, Ohio, for
a patent converting cast iron into steel.
Mnru.r;.,tu.w1*n? llnnir rumirta Iti.r
Mouth, the famou9 Arapahoe chief, say*
he Is convinced of the advantage hid people
lias derived from the whites. Ho sees
that the whites will soon cover the whole
land if the Indians do not go in the
white man's path they will he swept
away, llo is there lore determined to
learn to cultivate the soil.
In tho Supreme Court the (function
Kail road Company against the IS ink or
Ashland tho decision below was affirmed.
Hurtle Co. against Clise, opinion helow
nlllrmed.
United States against Bums. In this
:aso tho Court of Claims gave tho plaintiff
a judgment for the use by the (Jovemnent
of the tiibley tent, the plaintiff heug
part owner of the contract. Tho Department
refuse to pay on tho ground
.hat it would be in violation of tho recitations.
This court rules that the Bibley
ontract is valid, and not within the pro-
libit ion regulation. Judgment nlllrmed.
GEORGIA.
rhe Legislature CeifMrm (?ovcruor
llullock.
Atlanta, Oa., November 0.?Hoth
tranches of the Legislature adopted the
allowing resolutions:
Jtooltcd, That Rufua H. Bullock, late
Jovcrnor of tliin State, who has resigned
iia ofllco and left tlieHtate under circumtanccs
creating a grave suspicion that lie
a guilty ofhlgh crimes and misdemeanors,
ind has, in charging in a letter bearing
Into of October 2Ud, 1971, addressed his
tolUical friends and the people of ticor;ia,
that the innjority ot the House of
{eprcsentatives had pledged themselves
o vole for articles of impeachment against
lim without an investigation; that the
lenato had determined upon a sufllient
number of Republican Senators to
ecure his conviction withdfj regard to
ho truth and validity of Mto charges
vhich defamed this General Assembly;
barges which are untrue, and tho statenent
in tho same letter to the eft'uet that
he people 9f Georgia have recently dolounccd
or iguorcu tho Constitution of
lin Ilnitnd Htrttni. in fulwn nnrt (li>fiinmfnrv
t) the people of this State. On the conrary
wo assort that llio people of this
Itatodo now, as they did six months
go when, according to tlio letter, said
tuftiB I). JIullock, they werQ. peneoably t
Isposed to ac(|uiesee in the result of the t
mr rather than entertain any hostility i
)ward the United States, nor deny any t
erson within the limits of the State
lid equal protection of its laws.
Laid on Counterfeiter# Near Kansas
City.
St. Lours, Nor. (j.?a counterfeiters' (1
en a lew miles Irom Kansas City was
roken up on Saturday, and J. O'iteillv, c
lid Tom Hal lard arrested. Henry Cole v
ml Joshua I). Myers, the latter the leader c
f the gang, were also captured, hut eacap- s
1 while the olllcers were examining the A
liners'house. The articles captured are d
one thousand dollar national bank note t!
late, one two dollar national bank note jl
late, two ten dollar national bank plates,
Mir sets ol fifty cent plates, two sets of y
iigravers' tools, ten transfer rolls and bed H
ieces, two transfer and live printing
resses, $#,500 in counterfeit bills, and a
uantity ol flbro paper, the same as used
y the Government. I
'he Chief Clerk of the Pension Office
to bo Investigated. P
Nkw York, Nov. fl?A Washington f
ispatch to the Herald, says the doings of
liiefClcrk Johns, of Uio Pension ofllce
I the Interior Department, will lis Inves-
gated by Congress. One ol the schiStles
i which Johns is concerned, wns the
:asing of the Beaton Hotel, which wns
icured for ten years nt ten thousand a
ear, lor pension office purposes, and on s
to rental of which, It is alleged, a large
or contagowns paid to the committee on
10 subject of which 'Johns was a mem"*
-a-
Weather Report. Ii
WARDlirARTNINT,
Ornnfl OF TUB C'niKF HlflNAt. OPNMn, I
WlllimoTon, D.C., Nor. 6-7:30 P. I t
MOBABIMTIFJ. ti
The barometer will probably rise on a
'uesday very generally along tho Allan-
c coast, and Winds veer to tho nof tit-feast, Ii
rith a rising temperature in the Middle I1
nd Southern Htates. Kaatorly winds
rill probably continue during the
Ight on Boutmrn lake Michigan, and
orlb-east winds on the I/ower ]/nkca.
angerous winds are not anticipated for
ur coasts tlita evening.
Omaha Library Drawing. Ii
Omaha, November 0?Tho Omaha
brary Drawing ban commenced, and nn 1
nmense crowd are present. Universal J
ttisfaolion prevails. Colonel Patrick,
'resident of the Board ol Trade, is pre- c
tiling. Tickets nro selling nt $10. flen 8
Itriekland, President of tbo Constitutional J]
lonvention, addressed the assembly. The 1
uuiuiiMiumiis nuc onuiu tij
I the police court.
BOSTON.
Boston, Nor. 0.?The news of the ills- I
ster to the whaling fleet has advanced c
fhali! oil from siity cents (o one dollar r
or gallon. Tho Boston insurance ofllres I
mcl little. If any, risks, but the New Bed- t
ord offices lose one million. I
Martin Van Klick, aged 17 yean, has 1
leen arrested flti Suspicion rtfliaring stolen .1
wuriu ui jewelry irmu ma wnu:r in i
Irooklyn. I
r
klnbttmn ChntDinnnun Itnllrnnil
Unnkrnpt.
Montoomkhv, Ai,a., Nov. ft.?Judge
Justeed granted an order declaring the
Unburn* ts Chattanooga llailroad Co.
mnknipt, and nppointwl Col. Gnldfot 1
ecetver. nml designated November '~nh
s the day for the eletlon of an assignee, t
Jrtl. Ouidrot was herctolore custodian i
Id inUrim, appointed by th? Btate. I
foreign.
FRANCE.
Paris, November (1.?Meai* uro to be
taken for preventing future difficulties between
the 1'rusaian soldiers and the
v mien innaoiuiuis.
Nkw VoitK, Nov. 0.?A letter from
I'oris days tlut a meeting held to procure
means to aid Chicago, which was convened
by Minister Wushhurno, was largely
attended by the American residents in
Paris, there being many English present
os well. Mr. Washburne, in his speech,
said: "Chicago is the home of a population
distinguished the world over tor its
energy, its enterprise, its public spirit, its
intelligence, its patriotism. They are a
great people,but greater than ever in the future,
tor they shall rise abovo their misfortune,
and the waters of the magnificent
lake that lave the shores of the burning
city shall never sing its requiem, for it
shall rise phoenix like irom its ushes to
challenge tlio wonder and admiration ol
the world. The great calamity makes all
nations kin. Our suffering couutrymen i
will bavo the sympathies ot the people ol i
all nations. Though the people paint i
llio BUlieringa from tUo disaster as tor
riblo, wo will have their warm i
.sympathy be manifested according to
tlio measure of their ability iu a mitotan- 1
tial way. The great generous heart ol
England has been roused, and largo subscriptions
liavo been mado all over the I
United Kingdom." i
Various gentlemen spoko in behalf ol i
relief movements. Among others, Mr. I
Tucker, of Georgia, paid he was glad, as t
a representative ot the South, to tako part 1
in a meeting which Is the object ol bo
praiseworthy purpose, lie was sure that 1
Ihe South would be as ready as the North
In giving to the suffering. Francis Cor*
bin, of Virginia, also spoke to the same purpose.
Thirty thousand dollars was subscribed
at tho meeting.
M. UochinpPrefect of the Department
uf tho Seine, bus issued a circular an- f
uouncing tho formation ol a relief com- I
mitteo, asking subscriptions, and stating J
llmt France, though poor, desired to givo i
prool of her fraternal sympathies in return j
for what tho the inhabitants ol tho United
States had dono for tho French inisfor*
uihh.
ENGLAND.
London, Nov. 0.?Tho immigration
eturns at tho port of Liverpool lor tho J
nonth ol October show a total of 14,203
leparturcs lor tho United States. Tho c
ubscriptions at the Mansion House for
ho benefit ol Chicago amount thin a. m f
o ?-17,800.
The British expedition for tho observa- j
ion of the total eclipse of tho sun on tho
1th of December, has arrived at tho
Bland of Malta.
J. 8. Morgan Co., havo remitted two
iundrod pounds sterling, received from n
Ireonock, for tho suflercrs by tho forest
Ires in Michigan and Wisconsin.
(Jukenbtown, Nov. 0.?Arrived, tho 11
teumcrs Scotia, Parthia, Colorado and
'ity of Antwerp, from New Yofk. re
riio Workiiiumen'fl Movement in Cier- ft
many. u
Beklin, November 0.?A Congress for I
ho consolidation of tho Trades Unions
vill bo held hero on the 10th inst. A 1
inion of all the workingmcn's assocla- 1
ions for co operative purposes is proposed.
IherldnnN Usurpation nt Chichpo? d
Tho Tien of Necessity Illustrated, ci
8t. Louis, Nov. 0.?A special from
Inringfleld, Illinois, says: "Thodefense P
it Gen, Sheridan's military occupation of u
Jhicngo seems to rest on tho plea of noossify.
It is not generally known yet
ehetuer it is true that tho Adjutant Genmi
of this 8tato, an ablo and experienced
oldler, readied Chicago tho day after tho si
iru wuuwjv picKcu men, wen armed, un- \s
or orders from Gov. Palmer to cnforco n
lie laws and preservo order, and that un- r<
or tho advice and direction of Gen. Bhei*lan
ami Mayor Mason ho returned homo
ritli his men because there was no neccsIty
for either. After this tho regiment ol
/hich Gov. Palmer complains was organ- h
'.ed and called into service." ic
V)
Expected Resignation of Secretary tl
Fish.
Nkw Yoiut, Nbv. 0.?Tho Tribune re-'
orts tho' resignation of Secretary Fish,
ml Bays editorially that tho country lias U
cen ftfllicted with rumors Innumerable m
oncoming the resignation of Hon. Hamton
Fish, Secretary of Mate. These _
zero finally crystalled Into, tho slate- h
lent which wo have to-day from Washigton
in a shapo so authentic and
rustworthy that we are compelled to
ivo it credeneo. Ic
>eath or n Prominent Itnilrond
Mntt.
Pout Wayrb, Ind., November 0.? ,l(
Vin. Madiug.for eleven years master cur
uilder and car inspector fur the Pittaurgh,
Foft Wayne ?fe Chicago Ifailroad,
ieu nt his residence in this city to day of
vphoid levrr. I In has been a member of
lie town council for a number of years y
hu hold a prominent position among the
Bailing men of the city. Tho city buildugs,
railroad shops nnd oHIces are draped 8
i mourning. Jlis remains will Imj taken
d Alleghany City, Pennsylvania, Wcuncalay
for interment. u
n
NEW OIU.KANS. ci
li
New Onr.f.axf, November 0.?The ol
terimboat Wade Hampton, from Vieksiurff
to New Orleans, uprnng a leak and tc
unk Opposite Donald9onville this mom- gi
nff. No lives were lost. Cargo: 1,000
lales of cotton; AO hogsheads of sugar; p;
00. barrels ol molasses; 2,BOO..sacks or M
ottfirt wed. Most of tTie cargo will be
aved in a damaged condition. The boat
nay be raised. 8ho was valued at |0O,-
f)0, and was insured in Western and J:
Northern olllccs for $35,000.
Vbnl Happened to A Party of Indi- ft(
nnn Coon Hnnters.
cmcAno, Not. o.?a party or men n
Iving near InwixHl, Indiana, went out
oon liuntinc Saturday night, unci while
etuming home at a Into hour, three f>l
ho party sat down oh the railroad track c
o await the arrival of the rest of the c
larly. They very noon Icll asleep. An
'/xprcM train soon eatno along. It struck C
tonn CI rent and threw him sixty
cct, causing hi* instantaneous death, a
tobblns was badly hurt, but it is hoped
lot fatally. Tho other was unhurt. n
A Ocnerotu t'onRrcunlinri. n
FnARRMR, Pa., Nov. 0.?The M. E. n
'hureh of this place gave Dr. Thomas ti
>1.000 cash yesterday, In aid of the romllding
of the Methodist Churches of I
Jhlcitgo, and passed resolutions of sympa- a
by. Tlier .will, al the Erie Conference,
roto to incrcaso tho amount to at least 1]
(20,000, _ (i
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov.
The committees on roads, canals, railroads
and sewerage, ol the Common Council
in joint session, agreed to-day to re*
commend the Council to vacate Ritgour
street and Eggleston avenue, from l'earl
to Front, for the use uL the Cincinnati
Bridge Company, and llltsburgh, Cincinnati
tit. Louis Hiilroad Company. If
the Council adopts thin recommendation,
aud it is believed it will, it settles the
question between the city and Bridge
Company and railroad, with reference to
the approaches to the bridge, and Bccures
all the depot* now projected ou a grand
scale on this side ol the river. A proviso
is annexed that other railroads may, use,
ineso streets on C'tjUltaulu term?.
THE 1'ACIPII' COAST.
Tha Whaling Fleet Disaster?The
Domestic notations ot Joaquin
Miller.
Ban Fhancisco, November 0.?The
disaster to tlio whaiiug ileet was fully prodieted
by thu Esquimaux, but no attention
was paid to their warning. Tho Esquimaux
were boarding the ships and carrying
ofl everything of value.
Dr. Woodbridgo, surgeon of the Moses
Taylor, died on tho Return voyago from
Honolulu.
Tho wife ol Joaquin Miller publishes a
lengthy letter in Oregon asking her fellow
sltinma to welcome hint as a poet and a
nan ol geniHs, aud giving hor version of
heir difficulties, and implying severe Centura
lor his abandonment and neglect of
lis wllb and children.
Tho Han Francisco wood preserving
ivorks has been burned. Loss $20,01)0.
Fire in Ilrooklyn.
h1100kvim.e, ind., November 0.?At
ibout six o'clock yesterday morning a lire
van discovered over thu furnacc of tho
ixtcmivo mill ol tho Stewart Paper Co.,
n tills place, and in a very short tlmo the
vholo building was In ruins. Loss about
175.000. with nil Inmiriihoe of iiiinut
('35,000. It in supposed to lmvo caught
rom the iurnace.
11
rke K. K. IuvcNtiiatioii in Alaliiuna.
Washington, Nov. 0.?A. letter Iroin a
[ontleman conncctcil with the Hub-Ku
Clux Committee, dated Livingston, Ala.,
let. !llst, says that up to tliiu timo about
80 witnesses havo been examined. Tills
ounty, Bumpier and ('hoctaw are tho
forst in tho Htato, and there is trouble to
irocure deputies to serve subpoenas.
Zesistnuco to Police In New Haven*
Nrw Uavkk, Nov. 0.?While tho poIco
were arresting two roughs in tho
pllth ward this evening, the oiilcers were
ttacked by tho rowdies and their friends,
nd ono officer was severely wounded. 1
(early tho whole police lorco was sum-
toned before tho arrests wero made.
Mystic Park Races. I
hoston, novemuor u.*-Kunmng races j
t Mystic I'urk. Helling race, purse $500,
II ciacn, mile mid n hall?Mary Louise 1, I
iord Byron 2, Cardinal 8?time 2.42!.
Club puree, $1100, all ages, milo heats?
'ubman 1, Joe Elliot 2, (lerard 8?time i
.471, Mil. f
t
?Moorhcad'i) furniture lactory and realenco
at London, Ontario, also a small
iibinct simp, were burnecf last night. One i
undred mechanics are thrown out ol em- t
'oyment. Moorhtad'a insurance is $40,-
110. Total loss.

lurilrrof n School Tencher III Pela- j
wnro.
WII.MINOTON, Nov. (1? Clias. E. Wool-
;y, n school teacher in Christiana village, I
'es killed yesterday by Btcphcn 11. Cast- P
cr, Justice t>f the Pcaco. Castncr surrndcred
to the authorities.
MEMPHIS.
Memphis, November 0.?It.' A. Siicprrd,
agent of the Transfer Company, su- I
:ided lit:re to day. "Laudanum." He
as from Louisville. dntemperanco was
le cause.
Ntenmer News. J
London, November 0.?Tho steamships v
icnmark, Westphalia and Otawa have 8
rrived out. U
Nkiv om.kans, November 0.?Arrived
-Bt. Louis, Irom Liverpool, with two J
undred emigrants.
Anvil Eiplosiun nt Monlfiomery.
MnK-rnntfCiiv A.i
ill gathering in Court square, tonight, r
l anvil being used us a cannon exploded,
tiling two men and wounding several
lore or leas seriously. This up fortunate
icident ended the meeting.
MINOR TELEGRAMS.
Baturdav afternoon, near Plymouth,
id., David Teller, a well known fflrtner,
Iftcovered two strange men asleep In his
ny stack and two strange horses near by. r
upposiug the men to be horse thieves, c
e procured the nwlstrtbco c?f his neigh- J
nrs and attempted to arrest them. The j
icn attempted to escape. One man j
(lined Ilcnry CoOlfwas shot dead. His J
unrade ran away wounded, but effected J
in escape. Cook hns had the reputation
a thief Tor several years.
?The Methodist Churches of Itoehes-
ir yesterday raised $1,2)00 lor the Chicat
Methodists.
?Nearly a block of Iramo buildings In
last St. Louis were burned yesterday A.
Loss about $10,000; insured for about
0,000, mostly in insolvent companies.
?A meeting of the stockholders of the
C. L. Hail road was held yesterday at y
?e Company's dept at Indianapolis, for i
ic election of directors, and lo pass upon I
proposed scheme lor the reorganization
r tho Company, artd whether in carrying
nt the said plan they will consent to r.n
djudlcation in bankruptcy.
?Tho residence of Hon. William Fieldlg,
Past Grand Master of Free ami Acjptcd
Masons, at Sidney, Ohio, was humd
at 8 o'clock yesterday morning.
?Tho General Council of tho Lutheran
Jhtirch or Worth America is now in bcsion
at Rochester, N. V. All the Synods
re represented.
?The election of directors of tho Haft!i..i
i. in i.?.
crday at Hannibal, Mo. Nearly nine
ulliiins of stock were represented. The
ew board is understood to be in the insrest
of the Erie Railroad.
?Stone Stewart's 'paper mill
Irookville, Ind., burned Sunday.
nee $22,r>00.
?A. (Ire, yaaterday, diWSfftd Casc'a
irewery at Portland, Me,to thoeJtuntnf
if |25,00?.
Larue Land Sale to aC>ermau Colony*
From tho lUvcuawood Now*.
A gentleman from Koono county iuforms
Epbrahn lko has recently sold
4,(MM) acres ot land, near Spencer, to a
colony ef Germany who contemplate dividing
it up into 50 acre lot*. Tbey will
cut uud hliip the timber as fast as possible,
and by next reason will have a large
amount ol tliMmmi'ntietnot of land under
cultivation. We are also informed
that -1,000 acres more in the tamu neighborhood
lias been contracted lor
Game.?The abundance of pheasanta
and turkies in surrounding regions this
season n a subject ol general remark.
Our markets bare been better supplied
with these birds this fall than wo Lave
over beloro known.
Sportsmen from the city are going out
"a hunting" every day, aud tbey usually
return with a considerable quantity of
gaiuo. On Saturday last Ur. Casper
Kasain, ol this city, shot ten pheasants
and one very largo wild turkey a few
miles below this cay.?L'umbtrland Ntw.
A Washington dispatch to the Cincinnati
(Jasette says the Senate Finance Committco
will meet next Tuesday to compare
views upon the questions of tho reduction
of tho tarill and internal revenue
taxes as submitted t>y a resolution of the
Semite shortly lieforu adjournment. It is
believed the committeo will be able to
plan for u reduction ol taxes to the
amount ol nearly one hundred millions.
Woods on Fine ?Knobly mountain,
south ol this city, on tho Virginia side of
the river, is on lire. A large portion of
tho burning woods is in full view ol the
city, and last night tho streaks of fire,
stretching along tho mountain side, with
dunse volumes of smoko rolling above,
presented a beautiful sight.?Cumberland
Nctn Monday.
Twkki) says that this thing (nieaniug
tho accumulating ovldcnco that ho has
Btolcn million!) of tho public money) does
not impair hi* chances of ulcction aa Senator
today. 01 coursc not. Why should it V
A Michigan doctor who was arrested
bccuuso his patient died, has been acquitted
on tho ground that he did tho best ho
could, giving all tho medicine ho know tho
names of.
Tais next Legislature of Virginia elects
about nno hundred county judges, who
hold ofllco for six years.
Oun postal arrangements with Franco
uro more unfavorable than thoso with any
other European country.
A samri.i: of tin oro received from
Utah, was found, on analysis at tho Land
Dfilco, not to possess any trace of tin.
Transportation.
Ulovoliuid Pittsburg Railroad
ON AND APTKK MAY 28th, 1871,
Trains will run as follows, via:
LB A VII. BXI'HBSB. bxf1ibsh. MAIL.
Irldgpport 5:00 a.m. 8:06 p.m. H:S0aTm
Itcubcnvllle 0:05 a.m. 7:10 p.m. 19:15 p.m
Vellsvllle 7:20 a.m. 8:40 p.m. 1:55 p.m
Ullanco 11:85 a.m. 5:10 p.m
AttlUVS.
loveland 2:05 p.m. 7:10 p.m
Jreatllnn 6:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m
'ort Wayno 1:25 a.m. 6:00 a.m
Jhlcago....- 7;20a.m. 18:10 p.m
'itt#?l)ur?li 9:40a.m. 10:40p.m. 4:00p.m
Iarrlsburg 10:35 p.m. 7:15 a.m. 8:45 a.m
taltlmoro 10:40a.m. 7:95 a.m
Vashlngtou 1:10 p.m. 10:00 a.m
'hlladi'lphla 8:10 p.m. 11:15 a.m. 7:55 a.m
low York fii41 p.m. 8:15 p.m. 11:80 a.m
Tlrkuls to all principal point* In tho Bast and
Vest can be procured at tliu Union Ticket Office,
n M'Luru House,and atthu Station at Bridge ort.
P. R. MYERS,
Jcfl tlcneral Passenger and Ticket Agent.
lialtlmoro .V Ohio Kaliroad Co.
SJBHJH M on OH
PASHKN(JKHTHA1N?~WI?L HUN
L by tbe following Schedule on and after May
5th, 1811,'Wheeling time:
CINCINNATI BXPIIRH8.
AST?I.BAVIS. WIST L? TIS.
Vheoling dally Wneellug d ijr
at 5:40 a. m. at 10:50 a. m.
AnniVMS AT a Hill VIS AT
arkersburg. Zanesvllle... .8:15 p. m.
!umbcrland...l:00 p. m. Newark 4:85 p. m.
Vlncln'*tor...?:80 p. m. Sandusky....10:45 p. m.
traaburg ColUtnbus 5:40 p. m.
laKi'rstown...0:0fi p. m.
laltlmoro 8:85 p. m.
Vash'n City.. 9:40 p.m.
Philadelphia..1:40 a. m.
lew York....6:50 a. m.
FAST LINK.
HA'T-MAYM. I W*8T-L*AT*.
Wbcellngdally Wheeling dally
AlUtlVRB AT AUHIVEH AT
?arkenibnrg..8:08 a. m. fcatiesvlllo.... 11:00 a. m.
tomhcrlanu...t:06 a. m. Newark 19:.10 p. m.
Winchester .V.85 a. m. Hauduaky 5:58 p. m.
Hra?btirg....ll!40 a. m. Unltimbuf... ?:W p. m.
laircratown. .7:50 a. in. Mondays excepted,
lalt! more.. ..8:35 a. in.
Vasli'n Cltjr..!?:4? a. tn.
,hlla0clph(a..l:00 p. m.
lew York 4:15 p. in.
Sundays excepted.
MAIL TBAft.
RA?T-T.RATRB WRBT-t.lt A YW
Wheeling dally Wheeling dally
at 11:45 p.m. at 1*40 a. m.
ARRITRB AT AnRtrR* AT
arkershurg. 11:80 m. Zane?vllle....5:W a. m.
Inmbefland ..8:05 a. m. Newark 7:05 a. m.
Winchester...*#) p. m. Sandusky,....
Itraabnrg 4:.'N) j*. rn. Colnmlma ....8:80 a. a.
Iag<-rstown...3:10 p. m. 'Haturdaya excepted.
Jaltlmoro ....4:45 p. m.
Vaah'n City..8:05 p. m.
,lilladi-lpbla..l:40 a. m.
low York....5:50 a. m.
Saturdays excepted.
ACCOMMODATION.
ABT-LRATRS WRIT?LttATM
'Wheeling dally Wheeling dally
at 10:55 a.m. at 4:10 p.m.
ARR1TRR AT ARRITRR At
*arkersbnrg..9:35 p. m. Zancavllle... .8:85 p. m.
2nml)crland. .P:M p. m. Newark 10:15 p. m.
Sundaya excepted. Sandusky....
Colnmbtil....11:48 p. m.
Hnndays exoepted.
w. r. D. DIVISION.
Letvei Wheeling at T:M a. and 8*5 P.
Trains on th<> Main Liuemaito connections at
Inltlmoro with trains for Philadelphia, New
i'nrk nn<l Bost/ro. At Relay Honso, tU Waahnuton
City, For nil point* Houth.
Central Ohio trains make direct connection at
Jolnmbns for all points West and Northwest.
Tlrkcts to all prluclpal point* can bu proenred
it the office. JOHN L. WILSON,
Maatcr of Transportation, Baltimore.
R. T. DBVRlRfl,
ray!7 General Agent, Whwllng
1 Onn tomcco twine
J. ZUU Por sals low by
?nEH CIIAB. II. BWIBT.
HAT AND DHV TOBACCO.
VJ f 0 cafes Jn?t received ami
iv b k p o' i* salt.??0 backs
Liverpool "bio Salt. Jnst received ud
r"otS'C '>r M. RRIT.I.Y,
Goshen ciieese.-mboxes
selected erenm Choefe, Jftot rectired and
for sale by
Mppil M. R BILLY.
T AL'NDiiV SOAK
11 Dotci Cramp tort.
19 sterling.
inn Chemical Olive
100 Chemical Laondry. For tile by
eeJO LIST, DAVBNl'ORT PARKS.