The Nortb Western Bail Road.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. BARKER, ni
the House of Representativa <f Sorxtli
Carolina, December 12th, 071 the
passage of the Act to ChM*r the Sorth
Western Rail Road.^P^ over the
Governor's veto.
MB. SPEAKER:-"1 desire to say a few
woids on this quotion, because it is one
which practica* concerns my immedi
ate constito?nts> au<l because I believe
this Ho??6? when it comes to understand
it, TrUlipass this Act over the Governor's
veto.,
SUV I confess I have been surprised to
hear gentlemen oppose the passage of
this Act for reasons little worthy of con
sideration. I was particularly surprised
to hear the gentleman from Union [Mr.
Mobley,] oppose its passage on no other
ground than that he was not present in
the Commiitee when it was approved
Surely, if he neglects his duty by not at
tending the meetings of his Committee,
he ha? no right to make complaint against
his fellow mern bel's because they will
not neglect theirs!
Sir, the Rail Road proposed to be built
by the Company to be Chartered by this
Act wiU supply a want which has lon?
been felt by the community living along
the Une ol' its proposed route. I am my
self a resident and one of the Represen
tatives of the County through which that
route runs; and I speak of my own
knowledge when I say, that many o? ray
constituents are obliged to haul their
Cotton 50 miles to reach the nearest Rail
Road station, and, of course, have to haul
the fertilizers thfy purchase the same
distance back! Thus, the transportation,
not only of the crop but of the chief
means of raising it, swaUows up a large
portion of its proceeds. And the same
disadvantage attends the transaction of
all their business which involves either
transportation or travel.
Sir, wo esteem it a hardship, that whUe
other Companies, not only receive Char
ters from the General Assembly but ob
tain loans and guarantees beside, this
Company, which asks no loans or, guar
antees, has the greatest difficulty in even
obtaining a Charter. And we are com
palled to wonder, whether this difficulty
arises from the fact, that this Company
has no political combinations, and ap
peals to no political considerations. Sir,
the Governor gives no other reason for
vetoing this Act, than'that its material
portions were incorporated in the Act
"to promote the consolidation of the
Greenville andColumbia Rail Road Com
pany and the Blue Ridge RaUroad Com
pany," and that it is, therefore, unneces
sary to re enact them. I answer that
reason bj' saying, that it is really no rea
son at all,-and for this reason, that the
incorporation of the material portions ol'
this Act in the Act passed last winter has
served no practical purpose, and is not
likely to serve any. By that Act, thc
Greenville and Columbia Railroad Com
pany was empowered to build a branch
of their Road f/om some point on the
line of their Road, at or-east of Anderson
Court House, and West of the S?V. 1
River, to Aiken or Hamburg
that Company had built such a
their Road, -we would have bec
But that Company have not b
branch of their Road-nor mi
tempt to build it. And I go f
say, that tnat Company had r
of building it at the time tb'
Act passed last winter. 3sb
there was no necessity of
Company power to build sm
of their Road at that time,
pany possessed that power a
had possessed it for more th;
without making the least at
crcise it And it is because
ny possessed that power lb:
five years-before last, wir
making the least atteint
and have shown no iCten
cising it since, that I m?S\i
Company has no exclusive
power, and that thc North
-twa? mmuaiir'ghoui? nat
or the similar power prorKfc j
them by tho Act now belbi
And, for these reasons, I
House will pass this Act, t
Veto to the eontrarv uotwit
Greenwood and August--.
Pursuant to adjournment
meeting, held at Chiles" C
the 1st of December, the E
mittee convened at Dorn
15th instant. Upon nioti
Jennings! Gen. P. H. Bra
to the chair, and S. P. B
to act as Secretary.
This being a meeting oi i..
Committee, it was, by motion, resolv eu
into a general ineetinir for a time, thal
the man}* present might have an oppor
tunity of pledging their money, their
lands and their labor to tho enterprise.
The Chair, however, in assuming the
honor, very generously declined making
many remarks, but, in his pointed man
ner, set at rest all doubts of the whole
scheme.
Bv motion of J. D. Talbert, Esq., ol
the Edgeiield bar, W. IC. Blake, Esq., ol
Abbeville, was called upon to address
the meeting. Mr. Blake spoke of the
advantages of the proposed railroad from
Greenwood, of the ways and means io
build it, and reviewed the whole field in
avery thorough manner, and also in a
very com prchensive spirit. His remarks
were well received. At the close of which,
Maj. Wright, who is in charge of the
mining operations in the interest of Mr.
McCormick, was introduced to the meet
ing. He spoke with effect.
Capt. W. K. Bradley was next called
upon, and addressed the meeting in tell
ing words. A more spirited ana manly
effort we never hoard.
Dr. Joseph Jennings followed in B
happy manner. He is a live man-saga
cious* and fondly devoted to the present
enterprise We would say more lor him.
but his brains and heart are too well
known.
Mr. Wm. Parks, Mr. Simms and other
distinguished gentlemen addressed thc
meeting, with much force, and held thai
they and their all belonged to thc com
pany of the Greenwood and Augusta
Railroad.
Upon motion, the general meeting ad
journed, and at request of Mr. Wright,
the Executive Committee convened in
his sitting-room. For the encourage
ment ol' the friends along the route, we
are authorized to say, that all things
work well, and a forward move will be
made soon. The Executive Committee
is alive, and knows its full duty.
P. H. BRADLEY, Chairman.
S. P. BOOZER, Secretary.
The message of the Governor ol
North Carolina shows the debt of that
State to be thirty-four millions eight
hundred thousand dollars. The people
are unable to pay the interest on this
sum, and the Governor recommends the
sale of the railroad interests of the State
to prevent repudiation, but at tho same
time says no financial policy should bc
determined upon vitil the facts connec
ted with the debt aro ascertained, in or
der that some conclusion may be reached
as to the disposition of the liabilities of
the State. After the message was mud a
resolution was offered in tho House and
referred, reciting that as the debt was
created by strangers, elected under bay
onets, who voted moneys to railroads
and otherwise embezzled tho funds o.
the State, a provision should therefore be
made for repudiating the entire Stat
debt.
jffi?* Ed. McIntosh, Esq., the President
of"tb a Executive Committee of the Dar
lingwn Agricultural Society, r:; orts that
the late County Fair was pecuniarily as
well as popularly successful, the receipts
being $1250 and the expenses $1170. It is
now proposed to form a joint stock com
pany for the Counties of Darlington,
Marlboro' and Chesterfield, tho annual
fui rn to be held at such places as may be
found convenient.
?69-In a recent speech made in Balti
more, Governor Whyte, of Maryland,
said truly: Peace was Grant's promise
to the South, but cruel and relentless Avar
was rn his b ?art. He can send the peac?."j
fol ftdlowei s of Penn with words of gen
tleness, soft as a mother's smiles,. to-the
red men of the forest, but lie knows no
law of kindness* for his. whito brethren
at. the Sprrtte*^
PB% A oalony of ??)00 negroes ara m ak-1 a
ing ai rang omen ts to settle in LaWence J c
iounty, Kans?* J?

t
tl

Legisiatire Proceedings.
In the Senate, on the 20th, the proceed
ings were unusually dull and void of
any general interest. .A\ A
In the House, Bowen resumed his ar
gument in favor of impeachment, and
said that he had detected an attempt by
the Governor^*) throw three million of
Sterling Fuud Bonds on the market. He
alluded to the Greenville Rail Road
swindle, and said that the^ .money used
to purchase shares of the Ring was taken
from the Treasury, and that tho Sinking
Fund Commission sold the States' inter
est to them for two dollars and seventy
five cents, when other parties had offered
fi ve dollars per share. He alluded to the
I.and Commission purchases in Charles
ton, and said that exorbitant, prices had
been paid for tracts of land covered by
water. The Manigault tract which was
worth about six thousand dollars had
boen.i??oit)ed tp the State for. thirty-six
thousand dollars fh'e Whitewood tract,
which was sold for a thousand and sixty
dollars, was sold to-thc State for twenty
three thousand dollars also he alluded
to the operations of the Sinking Fund
Commission, and charged that the Land
Scrip given to the State by Congress, al
leged tolhave been spld for seventy-two
cents, really'brought eighty-four?. cents,
j and that he had letters from the purcha
sers to prove the fact. Ho concluded hy
saying that he would ask that thc
consideration of his resolution be post
poned until after the holidays.
Mobley, Byas and Jones followed, de
defending the cause of the Governor.
The House adjourned at 5 P. M. without
action.
On the 2lst, in the Senate, Mr. Arnim
introduced a concurrent resolution, that
a joint committee, consisting of two
members of the Senate and-members
of the House, be appointed to investigate
the proceedings of the Sinking Fand
Commission since the time- cf their ap
pointment; to aseertain*what disposition
has been made of tho land scrip to which
the State was entitled, -under the Act ol
Congress, entitled "An Act donatinp
public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges
lor the benefit of agriculture, and that
the said committee shall have power tc
send for persons and papers, and shall
report to the General Assembly on or be
fore the 25th January next.
After considerable debate, the resolu
tion was laid over.
Mr. Arnim offered the following reso
lution, which was adopted, and Messrs.
Arnim, Mcbntyre and Smalls appointed
on the committee
Resolved, That a committee consisting
of three be appointed, on tho part of -the
Senate, to investigate-tb o Sinking Fund
Commission, since the timo of their ap
pointment, with power to send for per
sons and papers, and to report on or be
fore the 25th of January, 1872.
Several acts an'" ;oint resolutions hav
ing received the Governor's signature
were ratified and became laws.
In the House, Byas ?and Mobley spoke
against the impeachment resolution, ant
Frost and Whipper in its favor. Th<
friends of the Governor tried to force i
vote, but were defeated by Whipper get
ting the iloor, and refusing to yield unti
the hour of adjournment.
Whipper, in his speech, exposed th?
reason for the anxiety on the part of By
as, Mobley and Joi>eK to force a vote, say
ing that the Governor had made the ac
.shment of that result a conditio!
?tnieni f his agreement to paj
22d, in the Senate, (says
of the Chronicle Sen
was- received from tin
,ting for information i
vening the femoral As
essioiM?>-m'?iTow, witl
/ote ffl j the impeach
peudjH \n the House
KtcaB od as inform;
straining his coast'
loyujid a righfui t
ie Legislature in
dst of the reguli
psi reel effect
iso. rThis T
)vcrnor. ?k
of .tb t
tl
.inc
.wji>
SC
.Ihesc
i* st. ocrrup
ahd fi o is felt
Iht'V w? before thc
.ts II M I they will
;My e.,v
e anjo. the 5th ol
January.
THE LOUISVILLE LIBRARY LOTTERY.
A few weeks ago Mr. W. A. Pringle, ol
this city, formed a club to take fifty halt
shares in this lotter)'. The drawing has
taken place, and one of the half tickets
held by the club wins a prize of three
thousand dollars. Mr. Pringle expects to
receive the prize money before long, and
the club will then declare a dividend of
about sixty dollars a share.. A good
speculation.-Charleston News.
SHOOTING AFFRAY IN THOMSON, GA.
-Through a gentleman from Th nason, wc
learn that a shooting affray occurred in
that town on last Friday, which resulted
in one man being seriously wounded. The
parties to the affray were Capt. Charles
Hamilton, of South Carolina, and Mr.
Joseph H ode, of McDuflie county. The
affray originated as most affrays do, in
some trivial matter, and resulted in Capt.
Hamilton's shooting Mr. Hode, inflicting
a serious wound, but one which was not
considered fatal. At last accounts the
wounded man was improving a little.
Chronicle Sentinel, 24th.
BRUTAL MURDER.-An inquest was
held, yesterday, by Coroner Coleman upon
the body of Patrick Murphy, a pump ten
der at Hampton's on the South Carolina
Railroad. On Monday night, about dusk,
Mr. James Simms, who resides in the
leighborhodd, saw the aged man af his
usual avocation and thc next morning,
between 6 and 7, his body was discovered
n tho vard, with the skull fractured in
l?verai places. A heavy club, covered
vith blood, lav near thc body a bloody
latchet was also found.-Columbia Phoe
lix, 20th.
DON'T HAWK, HAWK, SPIT, SPIT, SPIT,
3LOW, BLOW, and ;disgust everybody
vith your Catarrh artel its offensive odof,
vhon Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedv will
peedily destroy all odor and arrest the
iischarge.
THE SECRET or CAPTIVATION.-Foa
urcH of Grecian mould, a well-turned
leek and beautifully rounded anns, arc
o doubt very nice things to havo, and
?dies who possess these charms have
eason to be thankful to Mother Nature
et, after all, tho most captivating of all
.omanly charms is a pure, fresh and
rilliant complexion. This superlative
ny lady may securo by using HAGAN'S
IAONOLIA BALM, the standard beautify
ig preparation of tho present age. It
iffers from all ordinary cosmetics in
iree most essential particulars, inas
inch as it contains no injurious ingrcdi
ats, does not contract or shrivel the skin
?all the astringent "blooms," "lotions"
ad "powders" eventually do, butpro
uccs a lasting loveliness by improving
ie health of the skin. Under its opera
on the texture of the epidermis becomes
?er, and tho surface soft as velvet and
nooth as porcelain. Features cannot
changed, but complexions can, and it
quite certain that a lady with no other
larms tbsn a fresh and rosy complex
n, will attract more admiration in com
iny than her neighbor with a classic
co but a sallow skin.
South American letters report lor
shocks of an earthquake' in h?nb ho'i?rs
the towrj of Oran.. "T?iestreqtaopened,
ct every ^rrotlst?'rtrmbl?ct Hit Thins. A'
lcano had burnt forth in the province, j
rnmo?on?alo?g the line pf P^OjAudesL
ii
THE ADVERTISER.
[eld, S. C., Pee. 28^1871.
TheTfpShot of the Impeachment
Busineps.
On the_I8th inst., it will be rauiember
ed, Bowen introduced' into the-House of
Representatives, resolutions to impeach
Governor R. K. Scott-and State-Treasur
er Niles G. -Parker of high crimes and
misdemeanors. Chief among-thefife high
crimes and misdemeanors is^f^course,
the wholesale stealing of^e*-'public
money, f-cott quaked; Parker quaked.
It waa reported"' in Columbia that^ they
would resign.
But they had too much money to be
easily brought low. They have used
their stolen money very freely in bribe
ry, and the last act of the 'pitiful House
of Representatives, before its adjourn
ment f?r the holidays, was to vote .down
thes?'iinpgachmentresolutions by ai large
majority.'"' So Scott and Parker'4are free
to steal for a time longer. This majority
in the House wh^ich has thus come to the
rescue of Scott and Parker, is, of course
composed of men who may fairly be
called thieves and rascals. We cannot
say that we expected any better of them,
lioweveiv This, pretty piece of business
ought to go .verjj much against Scott and
Iiis party in next summer's campaign.
The Ku Klux Trials.
On Wednesday, the 20th in the U. S.
Court, Judge Bond presiding, the testi
mony in the case against Tnos. B. White
sides and John W. Mitchell (says a tele
gram to the Charleston Courier,) was
continued for the prosecution. On Tues
day the witnesses, who wero put on the
stand, told a tale of cruelty, which is al
most incredible^ l am not prepared to
say what amount of credence is to be
placed in their testimony, but if they are
to be believed, the parties engaged in
tho outrages, cf which they testify, rich
ly deserve the utmost punishment in the
world for the perpetration of such crimes
as the witnesses testify, and every one
will agree with th? distinguished counsel
for the defence, Mr. Johnson, when he
says tho men who were engaged in these
transactions are nothing less than brutes.
Even these crimes, however, afford no
excuse for the exercise of the military
despotism which has been called forth.
The State laws?ndState Courts should cor
rect the evil, and there is no more reason
why South Carolina should be placed un
der martial law, because crimo is com
mitted in the borders, than that New
York or Massachusetts should be sub
jected to the tender law of the bayonet
because murder and arson have been
committed. As outrageous as are these
crimes, they ara not more so than those
that are recorded in the local papers of
the Northern and Northwestern States.
Every lover of law and order in the St ate
will rejoice as heartily to hear that che
wrongdoers are brought to justice as they
will to hear that the usurpations of Con
gress and the President are rebuked by
the Supreme Court.
But m the case under trial although
the Government have brought out a re
cital of crime harrowing in its detail al
lowance must bo made for thc exaggera
tions of the witnesses, who aro mostly
ignorant negroes. The defence for tho
case now under trial have succeeded
pretty well in establishing their inno
cence by proof that would secure them a
verdict of acquittal from any but a pack
ed ''ury. Although several witnesses
to be abie to identify Dr.
.1 John "\S Mitchell as bc
outrages alluded to,
f-vnco, succeeded
?nee in proving
estion Mitchell,
-.dside of his sick.
Jcs was also there
Mig the division pf J
r, wrV rlosed on the
v i'' Oe heard before
rfc oi the United SUites
-on the question of tho
thc United States Court
crimes punishuble by thc
.?linson and Sfavjj Try left
.M Saturday l'oi^T- ??gtnn,
.pose of caajyir^0 case up
"".?reine Court. _ _*
21st, in Ute lV:C?f the (SiiV:
.imbia corresj jcnt01.u t> Char
NaT,) tho te* fait?oy ?ie de
ivas continued. Coloreo^'.hessies
'that before anywhipP^^ ,,r raid*
".ccui red threats had Jj^n t"iade t(
i many houses, includi vf lose c
?itasides, Smithhnd Mitchel.,of Yor
j unity, and Sam. Jeffrevs, John McCu
<x'h and Colonel Jeffreys, of Union
Count}-. A colored witness named Gu
^don, swore als* that the prisoner Mitchell
had Ao&licd, through him, several other
colored men of the danger of whipping
Mitchell had lound a containing
thc names ot Uiecolor?fl men to be whip
ped, and gave this notice that they might
get out of the way.
The evidence having been concluded,
Messrs .Wilson and'Melton summed up
for the defence, showing t hat their clients
had no complicity with tho outrages
which had been proved. They admitted
their membership in a certain organiza
tion for the purposes of protection, but
showed that they had us->d their influ
ence to prevent the more rash members
from committing unprovoked outrages.
A number of indictments were ?.re
sented by the grand jury, and they were
discharged until next week after which
tho Court adjourned.
On Friday, the 22d, in the United
States Court, Attorney General Cham
berlain delivered a lengthy argu
ment for the prosecution in the case of
Dr. Thomas B? Whitesides and Captain
J. W. Mitchell, indicted for conspiracy
against colored voters.
The ease went to the jury shortly after
three o'clock and the Court adjourned to
I? o'clock awaiting a verdict. At t> o'clock
the jury caine in, reporting a failure to
agreeupon a verdict, and were sent back by
.lutige Bond. The Court .kljourned to
Wednesday, next,, directing the jury to
bo locked up.
The Phoenix, of Sunday says: "The
Court met ut ll A. M., on Saturday, to
receive the verdict of the jury. Present
-his Honor Judge Hugh L. Bond.
The jury returned a verdict of guilty
against Thomas B. Whitesides and John
\V. Mitchell, under the tind third counts
of the indictment. The .first count con
tained a charge of general conspiracy to
hinder and prevent divers male citizens,
of African descent, from the free exer
cise of the right of voting, a: an election
to bo hold on tho third Wednesday of
October, 1872. Tho third charges aspe
dal conspiracy against Charles Leach,
(colored,) to hinder and prevent his vo
ting at the same election.
The d?fonce moved for a new trial and
in arrest of judgment.
Mr. Corbin submitted an order that
the defendants bo turned over to the cus
tody of tho Marshal, to await the sen
tenee of tho court.
The court then adjourned to Wednes
day next, at ll o'clock.
psi- Notico is given in the Baltimore
papers that there will be a meeting of the
bondholders of the State of South Caro
lina held at the Eutaw House, on thc 10th
January, 1872, at O'o'clock P. M., so as to
allow residents of New York and Phila
delphia to return homo the samo ni;-' t
A full attendance of all tho DOndholaarS
in person, or by proxy, is earnestly re
quested, as facts "most vital to their into
rests will bo laid before them for prompt
and energetic action.
If wc mistake not this call means bu
siness," and tho Scott Ring will very
probably hoar from this bondholders
meeting.
A Prompt Company.
The Aiken Journal, in an article on
the importance of insuring againsA loss
by fire, pays quito a compliment to tho
Georgia Home Fire Insurance Company,
of Columbus, Ga., and says:
We are informed that the Georgia
Home has paid out for insurance ntarly
?4,000 more than they have received for
premiums in Mr. Wood's agency, and
nave not contested a single claim, or de
layed payment beyond the sixty days
before agreed upon.
This Company, weare pleased to learn,
s doing a handsome business in this
?ommunity, and through ly Agpnt,,D. R.
OuitisoE, is insuring'^heD^y?ings^nd
furniture, and pt^r,property, of in jpy
if our #w%Bjk?Xfl? r^pqahie rates*
Those Who hayen?t ttoir houses ?hs?re?T
.gah^idssthyiftEe, should make it their
uty to secure an insurance on tho same j
iittrwith. .il
Tho Trae Nobility of Earth.
The Legislature of Alabama (says tho
Memphis Appeal,) agreed to pay three
lawyers, employed in the Stanton Rail- 1
road suit at Knoxville, $20,000. One of
these, General ?ames.H. planton, was
killed1 and left his family poor. The
other twoj -Messrs. Stone and Clopton,
transferred their interest in the fee of
|20,000 to General Charlton's widow. A
deed like this, of two lawyers, neither i
rich, redeems an ago and conntry. Sel
fishness and love of money blacken eve
ry age of current history.
Not the Negro, Nor the Rebels, Nor
the Ku Klux.
The real issues ip. the Presidential cam
paign next year,' will not be the negro,
nor the rebels," nor the Ku Klux, nor
anything of that sort. They will be, on
the contrary, honesty in tho administra
tion of affairs against corruption in office
the extirpation of fraud ^d venality in
the high places and >A^ftv places of the
land, of money-getting and money-spend
ing in politics, of b-'be-taking and gift
taking by men in otuee. These will form
the questions of the oampaign. Honest
men, moderate menf.patriotic men, of]
all parties, will, it is hoped, udftrl the
banner of reform, and marcHgainst
the hosts of sectional hate andjBR-rup
tion.
Thc Candidates Named in Opposi
tion.
The candidates named for the Presi
dency in opposition to Genl. Grant, em
brace some of the ablest men of the coun
try. Here are some of them :-Geni. W.
S. Hancock, of Penn. Senator Allen G.
Thurman, of Ohio Chief-Justice S. P.
Chase, of Ohio Gov. Parker, of New
Jersey; Ex Gov.* English, of Connecti
cut; Hon. Milliard Fillmore, of New
York; Ex-Gov. Hendricks of Indiana;
Judge David Davis of Illinois Sena
tor Lyman Trumbull, of Illinois Gov
ernor Gratz Brown, of Missouri, and
so on. The fact that eminent men like
these, of both political parties-men pure,
capable, and above suspicion-are enlist
ed, heart and soul, against the rule of the
extremists whom Grant leads, controls
and manipulates at will, through the pa
tronage of the Federal government, is
most significant. Any one of the men
above named, would make a noble lead
er for the grand army of Reform.
Murder and Pillage by Armed Ne
groes.
A Memphis dispatch, under date of the
20th, contains the following details of the
negro insurrection at Chicot, Arkansas.
Reports previously sent in these dis
patches regarding the killing of three
white men by negroes, at Chicot, Ark.,
and the evacuation of that town by all
its inhabitants, is fully confirmed to-night
by the arrival of some fifteen or twenty
refugees from that place-men, women
and children, many of whom lied with
out a change of clothing or food, so great
was their terror. They report that the
negroes, to the number of three hundred,
took possession of the town, patroled the
streets, pillaged thestores and dwellings,
and sot fire to several. The citizens say
that the Sheriff'is powerless, and although
a Republican, dare not venture out. A
letter from brought him to the authorities
here by one of tho refugees, confirms
that portion of the statement. In seve
ral instances the savages had resorted to
rapine, and under no consideration would
they permit the burial of the three men
killed, and to day their bodies are proba
bly lying in the woods a prey for buz
zards. Those who arrived here walked
fifteen miles through the woods at night
to escape the negroes, and are without
the necessities ot life. A subscription is
now being raised, and they will bc cared
for.
LATER..-A message has just arrived
from Chicot, Ark, with letters from
prominent representative citizens and
the Sheriff to tho authorities at Wash?
ington, begging assistance. Tho me?
senger states that those who were unable
to get away aro now compelled to remain
in town by negroes, all of whom ure
armed. One boat that contained a i'ami
.ly escaping for refuge was fired into by
negroes, and one person killed. The ne
grwes then ordered the boat to return to
the shore, which it did. A reifen of ter
ror exists.
iviiDxionT.-It is now appears, from
the statement of a passenger who just ar
rived per steamer from below, that thc
plot to release and bang the three white
men at Chicot, Arkansas, had been com
municated to tho negroes living in Mis
sissippi, and that a number of them aid
ed in the cold-blooded *nurdcrs alluded
to in the previous dispatches. It also
appears that the origin of the difficulty
was a discussion between G. W. Wynn
and John H. Saundors, the former a'ne
gro lawyer recently from Washington, as
to the vote of the county subscribing
money to rail roads-one defending and
the other opposing the vote-resulting in
the killing of Wynn, us previously men
tioned. Saunders and two friends were
confined in jail until the 15th, when one
hundred armed negroes rode into town,
and, on pain of instant death, demandeu
tho kevs from the Sherill", which he de
livered, and the prisoners were taken
out as before stated and killed.
It seems from thc information received
to-night that the negroes have a majority
of over five to one, and that they are
controlled by Republican office-holders,
whom Governor Hadley would rather
not interfere with. Hence the applica
tion made to-night to President Grant to
send a regiment of troops there to cpuell
the disturbance and force the negroes to
return to their homes. It is further sta
ted that all negroes within a radius of
fifty miles on both sides of the Missis
wippi river have collected ut Chicot, and
defy the State as well as the national Gov
eminent, threatening to burn, kill and 1
ravish, if an attempt is made to arrest or t
punish them.
Sr. LOUIS. December 23.-The Demo
crat has u special that tho authorities
have tnken all necessary measures for
the restoration of law und order in Chicot
Bounty, Arkansas.
^8-THK LITTLE COBPOBAL, published
it Chicago, was routed but not conquered
n the great'firc, and thc December num
ber has come to hand as fresh, sparkling
md vigorous as ever. It contains a full
e illustration by Thomas Nast, thc
jrince of artiste, and among the articles
vo notice one from Horace Creely, on
Art and Industry."
This num ber contains man v rich tilings
md is beautifully illustratcd'throughout.
Tho Publisher announces that in thc
?ext number will begin the ?500 Prize
?tory, written by Helen C. Weeks, a no
ed writer for the young. This will no
loubt be a charming story, and all the J
Joys and Girls will be delighted with it. a?
Polished by John E. Miller, Chicago.
Uinois. ti
The New York Nation speaks ol'
he state of things at the South, which,
tsays, cannot well be worse, and which
Iso seems to threaten a dir elution of
ociety, owing to tho deep and unblush
ig corruption and rascality of tiio class
hich has there got into power." This p
from a Republican journal.
?3?* The Mormons are giving up all n
opes ol maintaining the practice of poly- tb
amy, but some believe that Congress rc
ill allow twenty-five years, more or less,
ir its gradual a?olition.
The announcement is made that
vo consignments of Chinese, designed 0r
r employment in cotton factories, are on af
?eir way to Salem, Massachusetts, and
lat more are to follow.
JE
Tho Laurensville Herald says
It is strango that David Loahey, of
aurens(?) and F. Ti McMuken, of New
srry, two of Scott's Ohio constables, af
lould be upon a jury to try citizens ol'
>utli Carolina. But strango things do
ippen, and especially in these' times;
it how are they brought about?-there's
o rub.
E*r" Retribution follows rapidly somc
nes upon the heels of crime. Ono night
it wook a colored man robbed a jewelry
jro in Wilmington, Del. Next day he
is run over ana killed on tho railroad,
aile trying to escapo, id his enrpet
g and pockets were found filled with
e plunder.
pgr* Tho Wilmington (N. C.) Journal
trns that Henry Berry Lowry, tho no
xious outlaw and desperado of Robeson
Linty, has sent up to the.Legislature at
leigh a memorial, threatening to leave
5 State unless a company of United
des trod^s'ls 'immediately- sent to
jfflotown to protect him and his friends
>ni.the Ku Klux. _
Z?r Bali dc Co.ta engine and. machine
ans at Pitts burg uro burned, and a j
sat parc of tho business portion of
asantyiUo, in tf*^r6?mh, laJmrossd. A
Religious Notice.
Tho Union meeting of the 2nd Division
>f the Edgefield Baptist Association will
?oldits neit meeting with the Rocky
2reek Church, on Saturday before the
?th Sabbath' in December. Subject for
liscussion What is the cause of so many
)f our Brethren taking such little inter
est in Church meeting, and what can be
?flered to induce them to take a greater
nterest?
JAS. O. DENNY, Sec'ry.
Dec. 20 2t _52
HYMENEAL^
MARRIED, in the Episcopal Church, in
ihia place, on Wednesday evening, the
20th inst., by Rev. E- T. Walker, Mr. B.
R. STROTHER and Miss LUCY REED,
laughter of the late Rev. Edward Reed,
di of Edgefield.
MARRIED, on the 21st inst., by Rev. H.
r. Bartley, Mr. BENNET SMITH, jr.,
ind Miss POULINE POSEY, all oi
Gdgefield.
Our very best thanks for the handsome
ionation of cake from this wedding, and
?urlcindness felicitations and most ear
acW^good wishes to thahappy couple.
MARRIED, on the l"fch Dec, by the
Rev. J. W. Barr, Mr. DANIEL N. HER
LONG and Miss GEORGIA CROUCH,
;ldest daughter of MARK CROUCH, Esq.
MARRIED, iu the Episcopal Church,
Greenville, S. C., on the 12th mst., hythe
Rev. Ellison Capers, Mr. EDMUND BA
SON and Miss EMMA P. BUTLER.
COMMERCIAL.
AUGUSTA, December 26.
GOLD-Buving at 108 and selling at 109.
COTTON-Was quiet but steady to-day
it 181. Receipts, 1,617 bales sales, 564.
BACON-Stock large and market un
manged; C. Sides, 91 C. R. Sides, 8i;
Shoulders 7i; Hams, 15@18; Dry
3alt Shoulders, 6 Dry Salt C. R. Sides,
fi; D. S. Clear Sides, 8.
CORN-Prime white is selling at 95 cts.
by the car load from depot retail. $1 00.
WHEAT-We quote choice white, ?190;
imbor, $1
FLOUL-City Mills, $7 50@850 at re
ail, $1 barrel higher. Country, ?7 50
@9, according to quality.
CORN MEAL-?95 at wholesale; $1
it retail.
OATS-65@70.
Edgefield Medical Society.
THE Edgefield District Medical Soci
ety will hold its hext meeting at
Edgefield C. H., (in the Hall of the Ad
vertiser Office building,) on Monday, the
1st January next, at ll o'clock, A. M.
P. H. ADAMS, Sec'ry.
Dec. 20, 2t 52
FOUND, and left at this Office, a small
BREASTPIN, with the initials J.
P. M." engraved thereon. Th? ownei
can get the same on paying for this ad
vertisement.
Dec. 28 lt 1
Application for Discharge.
ON Tuesday 6th February, 1872, wt
will proceed to have a settlement or
tho Estate of Mrs. Louisa Inabnet, de
ceased, at which time we will apply tc
tho Probate Judge of Edgefield, at Edge
field Court House, for a discharge frorr
our trusts as Administrators.
MARTIN SHEALY,
WM. A. SHEALY,
Adni'ors.
Dec. 27 4t 1
State of South Carolina
r\ EDGEFIELD COUNTY.
?qpURTOF COMMON PLEAS.
Samuel T. Edwards, Caleb Watkins, Ex
ceecutors, vs. Jane M. Watkins, Wm
Watkins, James M. Watkins, Jane Ora
hum, William Watkins, Jr., Walka
Watkins, Mary Prewet, Watkins
Carrie Etheredge, Walter Watkins, Sa
rah Mathews, ?jOuisa Watkins, Ellcr,
Etheredge, Saloiut Watkins, Zedckiul
Watkh?, Dock Watkins, George Wat
kins, Mary Ann Havird, Saluna Ed
wards
To the. Defendants, Jane M. Watkins.
William Watkins, Janies M. Watkins,
Jane Graham, William Watkins, jr..
Walker Watkins, Mary Prewet,
Watkins, Carrie Etheredge, Waltei
Watkins, Sarah Mathis, Louisa Wat
kins, Ellon Etheredge, Salona Watkins,
Zedekiah Watkins, Dock Watkins,
Gcorgo,-Watklu^j&iry Ann Having
Salona Edwards;
You are hereby summoned and rc
quired to answer the Petition in this ac
tion which is tiled in tho Office of Hu
Probate Court for the said County, and
to serve a cop}' of your answer to the saki
Petition on the Subscriber, at his office,
Edgefield C. H., within twenty days af
ter the service hereof, exclusive of the
day of such service; and if you fail te
answer the Petition within the ti mc afore
said, the Plaintiffs in this action will ap
ply to the Court for the relief demanded
irTtho Complaint.
W. 1). RAMEY,
Plir.s. Attornev.
Dec. 20th, 1871.
?Tames M. Watkins, William Watkins,
Walker Watkins, Mary Prewett,
Watkins, Jane Graham, William Wat
kins, jr., Defendants in this action
Take notice that this action is com
menced for Partition of land in the Pro
bate Court, for the said County and State,
?md that a Summons in this action, oi
which the foregoing is a copy, was filed
in the office of the Probates Court for
Edgefield Countv, on the 20th day of De
cember, A. D. 1871.
W. D. RAMEY,
Pl'll's. Attorney.
Dec. 27, 6t 1
Notice.
THE Legatees and Creditors of the
Estate of Lewis J. Miles, dee'd., arc
.equcsted to meet in the office of the
Probate Judge, at Edgefield C. H., on
ho 8th Januarv 1872.
L. li. WEYER, Ad'or.
Dec. 27 2t 1~
lim Goods for Christmas!
M-ARKERT CLISBY are daily rc
eiving a choice variety of
CONFECTIONERIES,
Nice CANDIES,
ORANG KS, LEMONS,
APPLES,
COCOA NUTS, RA TS I.VS.
Canned FRUITS, JELLIES, deo.
Dec 1:5 tf 51
i .ir jg m v N T. A i ir
Military School,
YORKVILLE, S. C.
rHE First Session of thc School year
1872 will begin on the 1st of Fc'bru
ry, and ond on the :t0th of June.
Terms-For School Expenses-i. e. Tul
on, Board, Washing, Fuel, Lights,
ooks, Stationery, &e.,-$13-5, payable in
:l vance.
Circulars containing full information
lay bo obtained upon application to
Col. A. COWARD,
-Principal and Proprietor.
Dec 13 st 51
iotice to Tax Payers.
HHE Boe>ks will be open for the Col
L lection of Taxes for the year 1871 on
0 20th day of November, 1871, and will
main open until tho 15th day of Janna
'1872, after which time tho per&lty of
per cent will b0 added.
State Tax seven Mills ;-County/thrcc
ills, on all taxable property.
1 will be at Orangeville from tho 20th
November until tho 1st or December
ter that time at Edgefield C. H
I will be at 4
Atkinson Store, on tho 4$ and 5th
m mirv.
Hamburg, on tho 0th January.
Graniteville, 8th, flth and 10th.
Edgetiold C. H llth to 15th January,
ter which timo my Books will close.
Employers will please notify emplovees
my appointments, so that they can
mo forward and pay their poll and
lior. taxes.
JOHN WOOLLY, C. T. E. C.
3ct25 12t 44
?<&ar- SHOT GUNK;
OivBEST IN THE WORLD.(?Tc
OiV*T SEND COB A CIRCULAR ,?ggB*
Jew York Office, 27 BEEKMAJ? ST. j;
2y S3 li
S. COHEN,
142 Broad Street.
AUGUSTA, GA.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
WATCHES, CLOCKS,
JEWELRY, &C.
HAVING at a prent ontlav, secured
the services of a FIRST-CLASS WATCH
MAKER, from Switzerland, is now pre
pared to Repair all kinds of Watch**,
Music Boxes and Jewelry of all descrip
tions, with neatness and dispatch, and
guarantees all work.
He offers, also, a great variety WATCH
ES, CLOCKS, JEWELRY, SILV&U
WARE, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS,
GUNS, PISTOLS, CARTRIDGES, ?c.,
at New York prices.
Look out for the sign of the BIG GUN,
142 Broad Street.
Augusta, Dec 20 6n52
L. G. SWEARINGEiV JO.,
RESPECTFULLY announce to the
people of Edgefield and adjoininfConn
ties, that they have establishedthem
selves at G rangeville, S. C., for tie pur
pose of carrying on a
General Mercantile Busness,
And hope, by strict attention to psiness
to receive a liberal share of patroage.
They are now receiving frca New
York and Baltimore their Stock?/ FALL
and WINTER GOODS, conaning in
part of
DRY GOODS, BOOTS, SH(ES,
HATS, CAPS,
GROCERIES,
TIN and GLASS WARE,
CROCKERY and HARDW.RE,
And everything usually founrln a coun
try or Village Store, w'nieh tey aro of
fering at very low figures.
Give us a call.
L. G. SH LARINGE CO.
Granitevillo, Dec 20 lm52
Good Things for Clristmas
JUST received from NewYork,
50 lbs. ALMONDS,
50 lbs. FILBERTS,
50 lbs. PECAN NUTS,
50 BRAZIL NUTS.
Candies.
100 lbs. CANDIES, assored,
1 Dozen Boxes Fresh IAISINS,
1 Barrel of ORANGES
1 APPLES,
FIRE CRACKERS, tte.
J. II. CHEATIIAM.
PACIFIC GUANO.
J. 0. M ?TH E W S O N,
-Agent for the Company,
AUGUSTA, GA.
PRICE~REDUCED!
$48 Per Ton Cash,; $55 Without Interest on Time. No
'4 Charge for Drayage.
This GUANO is well known in the Cotton States, from experience in its use for six years past, It has acquired.
after thorough trial, under all conditions of season, a character for reliable excellence unsurpassed,-^ and which can
not attach to Fertilizers of recent introduction.
In view of reduced coat of manufacture, and the unusual facilities of the PACIFIC GUA|TO COMPANY,
this VALUABLE FERTILIZER is now sold at the above price, which is in conformity witr/the policy of the
Company, to furnish THE BEST FERTILIZER AT THE LEAST COST, looking to LARGE SALES and
SMALL PROFITS for compensation.
We WARRANT THE STOCK IN MARKET THIS SEASON precisely the same in composition and quality
as that heretofore sold.
For specific terms, apply to J. O. ITIATHEWSOJV,
Agent, Augusta, Ga.
John S. REESE CO., General Agents, Baltimore, Md.
-o
Lime,
PACIFIC GUANO COMPANY'S
Compound leid Phosphate of
For Composting with Cotton Seed.
PREPARED UNDER THE SUPERINTENDENCE OF DR. ST. JULIEN RAVELEL, CHARLESTON, S. C.
PRICE REDUCED!
This article, as above stated, is prepared expressly for COMPOSTING WITH COTTON SEED.
A Compost made with an equal weight of this article and Cotton Seed, furnishes the Cotton Seed with the
SOLUBLE PHOSPHATE, which is necessary to make it properly effective.
The Compost should be made from four to six weeks before planting time, in order that decomposition may
take place, and should be applied at from 400 to 600 pounds per acre Sr more.
Genera), experience for two years has shown this Compost to be A MOST ECONOMICAL and EFFECTIVE
FERTILIZER FOR COTTON and CORN.
This ACID PHOSPHATE is now put into market at the low price of $30 PER TON CASH; $35 ON TIME,
WITHOUT INTEREST (no drayage,) at which rate every planter can supply himself with a FIRST CLASS
FERTILIEER at a minimum outlay per acre. _.
For specific terms apply to J. O. j MATHEWSON",
Agent Pacific Guano Company, Augusta, ?a.
A FULL SUPPLY OF PERUVIAN GUANO, GROUND BONE AND LAND PLASTER
ON HAND AT ALL TIMES.
Auguusta, Dec 13 3m 51
imPORTAIVT
TO
Purchasers of Dry Goods.
Expecting tc move to our NEW STORE during the early
Spring, and being desirous of Opening THE NEW HOUSE
with an ENTIRE NEW STOCK, we will SELL
FROM THIS DATJ?, the Stock on hand
REGARDLESS OF COST!
We have just finished MARKING DOWN EVERY AR
TICLE in the House to such prices as will induce
AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE,
Preferring to lose Five or Ten Thousand Dollars on present
Stock, to removing it to the New Store.
The Public are Respectfully invited to examine the Goods
and Prices, and verily the above. ^^?L
JAS. A. GE% CO.,
326 and Q2S BiW^treet, Augusta, (3a.
Dec 20 T&t 52
New,, floods. 4
-O-f
Fresh Arrivals at? Reduced Prices.
W. IB. BRUrYSOrY has j nut received
1 Case new styles FALL PRINTS, 1
1 Baie Plaid 0-NA BURGS,
2 Dozen HOOP SKIRTS,
20 Skirt BINDING, ?1 v
Red Twilled FLANNEL, We
4 Cases Ladies Dress and fiting SHOES, ni?/ order,
2 Cases Extra size BALMORALS,
1 Planters'KIP BOOTS, ^tk/'
Full lines ol' Gentlemeiis?' Iland-sewcd TIES ainTGAITERS always on
hand.
My Stock of Dress Goods, Blankets, Balmorals, Cashmeres, Satinets,
Jeans, Opera, Red and White Flannels, Shawls, Furs, Trimmed Hats, and
a full line of Notions, will be sold at BARGAIN PRICES from this date.
A good stock of SHIRTINGS and SHEETINGS always on hand, at
bottom prices.
All goods marked in plain figures.
An early call solicited.
W. H. BRUNSON.
Dec. 13, tf 50
IL Yoi iNGBLooD. S. C. L. BUSH
Y0UNGBL00D BUSH, J
Grocers
AND DEALEP.S IN
FAMILY AID PLANTATION SUPPLIES.
No. 127 Broad Street,
AUGUSTA, GA.
AFTER an acknowledgement of thanks to our Friends and Customers for
the liberal patronage heretofore extended to us, we ask a continuance of the
same, and would beg leave to inform them that we deal in All Goods
belonging to our Lilie, (Liquors excepted,) such as COFFEES,
SUGARS, BACON, MOLASSES, FLOUR, BAGGING. TIES, &c, &c.
f?rSpecinl attention paid to the Sale ol' Colton and other
Produce.
Y0??NG8L00D BUSH.
Augusta, Oct 4 _Sm_41^
Shoest Shoes Shoes!
E. 0. SAMS,
rVo. 4, Park Row,
Has opened a large and complete assortment of SHOES and BOOTS for
Ladies, Gentlemen,
misses, Roys,
And Children.
And is daily making accessions to his large and varied stock. Call and
get suited from the latest styles.
Copper-Tipped Boots and Shoes for Children.
Kid, Morocco and Calf Skin Shoes for Ladies and Misses, with a full sup
pl v of Congress and Laced Gaiters,
Calf Skin Boots and Shoes for Gentlemen and Boys, with either Single or
Double Uppers and Soles.
DRY GOODS AND GROCERIES.
A full line of DRY GOODS and GROCERIES kept constantly on hand
at R. 0. SAMS.
Oct. 4 tf 41
To the citizens of Edgefield.
-0
Persons visiting Augusta will find it GREATLY TO
THEIR INTEREST to stop at
WHITMAN BENSON'S,
(One of thc Finest MERCHANT TAILORING ESTABLISH
MENTS in the City,) previous to buying elsewhere.
We Guarantee EVERYTHING which we represent will
GIVE PERFECT SATISFACTION.
So remember that, at'No.' 229, Broad^^Street, op
30site Masqjpic Hall, you can be fitted out most fashionably
ind genteelly at VERY REASONABLE PRICES.
Augusta, Oct Ifi 2a 42
ANDO
FERTILIZER
FOR
Cotton, Corn, Wheat, Tobacco.
PRICE:
CASH, $50 per 2000 Lbs., at Factory.
TI$?E, $55 per 2000 Lbs., at Factory, paya
ble Nw. 1st, 1872, WITHOUT INTEREST.
Factory East end Hasel Street Mines on Ashley Biver,
ACID PHOSPHATE OF LIME
W FOR
Composting "With Cotton Seed!
PRICE:
CASH, $30 per 2000 Lbs. at Factory.
TIME, $35 per 2000 Lbs., at Factory, paya
ble Nov. 1st, 1872, WITHOUT INTEREST.
WM. C. DUKES CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
\o. 1, South Atlantic Wharf, Charleston, S. C.
WM. BUTLER Agent at Edgefield, S. C.
Col
Dec 20
3m
52
ETIWAN FERTILIZERS.
Three very Superior Article* are offered by thc Sulphuric-Acid and Superphos
phate Company of Charleston, S. C., viz:
ETIWAN GUANO.
A complete manure, adapted to Cotton Grain a 1 Tobacco, being the well known
article heretofore ottered at the very high grade of 15 per cent, dissolved Bone
Phosphate of Lime, with the addition, ashoretoforo, of Peruvian Guano, Ammonia
and Potash. Price $55 pe; ton, if paid on or before the 1st of April next, and $00
per ton, payable 1st November 1872, without interest.
ETIWAN CROP FOOD
A new article of tho Hame high grade of Soluble Phosphate, co7npounded with
the elements of Co?ton Seed in such a manner, as to ensure one of the host fertili
zers for Wotton and Grain, at a lower price titan tho Etiwan Guano. Price
ton, if paid on or before the 1st of April next, ?45 per ton, gayable 1st Nove
1872, without interest.
ETIWAN DISSOLVED BONE.
Averaging from 18 or 20 per cent, of Dissolved Bone Phosphate, and thus enabling
the planter hy composting, to obtain two tons of half that grade at a saving of one
half cost and freight. Pnco $35 per ton, if paid on or before the,lst of April next,
$40 per ton, payable 1st November, 1872, without utterest.
TAKE NOTICE, that fl? these fertilizers are of tho highest grade of SoltMe
Phosphate, and must help for more than ono year.
840 per
ember,
Charleston, Dec. 14
WM. C. BEE CO.,
General Agents, Charleston, 8.
2m 51
Christmas is Near at Hand
AND SANTA CLAUS has already arrived and set up his Headquarters
with W. B. PENN, at the Drug Store of G. L. Penn. He will hold high
carnival for three weeks to come. The public, are invited to attend this
carnival. Listen to some nf the things Santa Claus has brought to PENN'S
600 Lbs. Plain and Fancy CANDIES,
12 Boxes New Layer RAISINS,
1 Mat Seedless RAISINS,
50 Lbs. Freshes DATES,
10 Boxes PRUDES,
29 Boxes FIGS,
1 Mat CURRANTS,
100 COCOA NUTS,
1 Box LEMONS,
2 Bbl*. ORANGES,
2 Bbls. APPLES.
Fresh FRUIT in Cans,
JELLIES in Tumblers and Goblets,
ALMONDS, WALNUTS, Pecan, Brazil and Pea NUTS,
CITRON, MINCE MEAT in Cans.
PICKLES and SAUCES.
Oysters, Sardines, Salmon, Lobster,
Fresh Soda, Butter, Lemon and Sugar CRACKERS,
CHEESE, MACCARONI, Fresh Goshen BUTTER.
85* Packages Superior Self-Ra'sing FLOUR,,-nothing^so good for
Hakes and Pastry.
i?F*Call early and get your supplies.
ike 13
G. IA. AYEKN.
ti ?L