j' j
The DaI1L1lt!!llgenCer' I I y 4 i yy^ The WeeUy Intelligencer
WE5^^:::::::::::::?SB 7 Z? r
uUii??rodtbT^5^p?''w~ii:::;:::::::: wi^u^?m?iij^i?*nw*....|ii|
1 cut*o< Ten ii oo
TERMS OF iirei.JiitT.T "of Ptltoes 18 00
VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA? THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 28, 1871. NO. 107. iJ?fe^=SS
Tl"- fn.tmi.tcr. tro reanwtcd to act m Accnta.
For Rent.
pillt KENT.
A (Jood Business House,
No. 141 Mniu atreet, oppoait* Union. Now oc(
iipicil by D. A. Adler Co. Gnooftlio beat
HiMDda iu tbecliy. Apply to
L dWABAOKKU,
deci7 at Union atreet.
Fern rent.-one room in the
McLnr? Homo Building, on Market ntreet,
now occupied by tho Cltlaena' Btreet Hallway
Company.
Ono rood! Oft Monroe ilrcat, now occupied by
W. P. McKclvey.
Qua room oa Market afreet, onu door below
thoMcLure House, occupied by Mr. Lenou aa a
liger and tobacco atoro.
Three rooms ou tbo accond and third floora In
Mine bulldldjj. Two of aald rooms uow ready
for occupancy. Apply to
de. tt _ JNO. McLPRK.
pOH HENTf
A Wood Bulaea* Mobm
(in Main atreot-ono of Che beat locailona In tho
city. I'oaseealon Februar^lat^1
JocW McLaln'a Block, Monroe at 1
QT E EN BOD HOUSEFOR**
D lUtNT.. lis
lu thorough rcualr Cur UraL-cUm Ikutrdiuv
Huhm. Apply at ido bonM or to.
tall G?Q. W. THOMPSON.
pOB UENT). J
Tki aura Room ui 0?i?l?t bj
A. L. KRAFT BRO., t
novt? 118 M?ln Street.
For Sale.
pAHM FOU dALEI J I

Valuable (jlirdenlng, Coil tud Farm- j
lug Landa, lit Delmout Co., 0.
The property beloniflag to tho bolrt of Matthew
Nlchof. deceased. situated on thu National Koad,
four miles west of tho city of Wheeling, contain- c
In# 311 acri'B, In ,offered for laltt on reasonable ji
lurtni. and If dot!red will bo divided Into ttaots
na follows, viz: V
No. 1. Tbo "Homestead property," containing gi
iibout M acres, on which In a good two-story
Dwelling lloune, bsautlfully located a low rods p
from tho National ltoad. with all uoeessary out- i.
buildings; also, a goodOrchard. This tract Is u
well sdspted fbraflamr. tl
No. 9. TJm well kuown "fltoneTavern" houso, r,
with a good Barn and eztcmlvo Htahllng, with
about 80 acros of land attached, 18 acres ot which o
h extra bottom, suitable for gardening purposes.
Thin Ih onto of tbu best locations on tho National 11
llimil for doing a hotel and stock dealing I>uhI>
lids.
No. 3. Contains about BO acres, on which there ,l
Is a good Iranio dwelling; also, a Coal llank in t]
worklug order.
No. 4. Contains abont 85 acres of choice but-
torn gardening land, lying between the National tl
Kimdand Wheeling Creek, which will bo sold In
tracts to suit purchasers. e
Xo. 5. Honth of Wheeling Creek and adjoining n
tho above lands, containing abput lb acres, 14 oT
hlcli Is creek bottom, and tho balance good up- U
land. ,i
All the uplands aro well tlmbored, and under*
Will with u U
Hix Foot Vein of ExooliontOoil, n
('nipping out at Iho most accessible points. L
l'ni|nii>iilous for the whole or any part of the a
iiImivk described property may be made to the
umlerslgncd, and If not disposed of before 11
KM DAY, thoSttlh day of December, 1871,
C
Ii will Iih nflVred at PUDLIG HALE on tliaf day,
on ilio prenilaea.
f urniH inailo known by application to
DAVID DKOWN, #1
8t. C'lnlrxvlIlM, <J. 11
or. THOH.J. ULAIR, I,
dM?l J Wheeling. W. Va,
jglAKIt FOR BALE* p
Containing lOOaeroa, all under cultivation, flvo o
tullea from the city, on tho ridge between (ilen'a H]
Huu and tho Ohio river. No better neighbor
bood or better laying Farm In tho coonty. 1
jlectl h I. IlffityAyjrt.
jjWKLLINO HOUSE
FOR SALE. u
1 ofTor for rale the houe In which I now re- Oi
I(Ih, iltuato on John atreet, a few doors BID
eu?t of Fifth. The houae la a Bubatantlal JUL IS
twoatory brick containing eight rooms, be blea
a hath room and kitchen, and a flniahod
attic, with a good collar, hot and cold water in a!
bath rooma. The bona* ia In good order and
well located and in every way a doairable prop- U
erty, being but little over a aquaro from tho
I'oat Ofllce. There ia aiao on the premlaea a good "l
B.RIGK STABLE, ff
ciiftlrifiit for fonr horaea, and a carrlago housd.
Any imo wlahiiiK to purchaae can examine the
premise at any tlmo. Bl
eoptaa JNO. P.McDBRMOT.
Tar,ANI) LOTS FOH BALE. tl
Having lotd all tbfl~iuU pffrr*d At $300 etch, Cl
oicfpt two. I now offer ten lota fronting <>n *h? 0
M*t aldo or Rim and Cheatnnt atreeta and ex-
tending to tho river. Price from 1500 to $1,000
each, according to aiao and location. Terina, 0:
one-fourth caah, realdne in equal Inatallmenta at
one, two and three yeara. 81
JNO. P. OII/JHRWT.
(tn?2| At Top Mill. v
HOLIDAY GOODS! j
C
We have inat received a lar<?e aaaortmenl of t<
BOOKS, S
SUITABLE FOR TI1K HOLIDAY SBABON, 0
Huch an elegant Family Illbleft, Prater Booki, n
Hymn Booka, and elegantly bound Poota,
andothfcrcDulceaeloouout. AImi
ilfuutii'ul Writing Desks, u
ToRuther with anendle?s variety of
e
UI'ANKBK GOODS,
Mrnt elaborately wronght and flniihed by ihat c
t wonderful nation, lo ftraopt for fine work.
Alto,
OAMKS OF ALL KINDS,
Ntwrni Rtiglnei, Parlor Croquet, Parclioil, Ac,Ac.
v
PAULL A ORR, r
J'<7 90 MARRRT STUHgT. 11
LANE&BODLEY
Jolin and Water Bla.,
OINOINN ATI, O u
ANtrrACTiina ft
RTA Troy A R r and POR TA RLE
STEAM ENGINES.
BOfLKIUi ANT) HHt WORK.
CIRCULAR SAW MILLS
^ith Bolld Iron Frames, Wronght Iron Head
?l?Tkp*nd Friction Ford.
ATM AN!) HIIINMI.K MACHINES,
WOOD WORK INC) MAOHINHRV,
SHAFTING,
ninjfert, Policy* and Coupling,
SAFETY power klevatohs
Onr Design*, PittCTnu. Jf
and Wcllltloa are the moat
COMPLETE AMD EXTENSIVE
W O HV ^LO VV RHTVK j|.,r0^
"loMmtfld (.'utilognon and Frlfca fnmlihad
wa on application to
LANE BODLET.
noyfl tUwdiiwrow
I
QktMidlxatmv.
Concerning the Railroad thai We
ate to Vote oa Next Wednesday.
There lias recently keen such a revival
of interest in the projected railroad up
the river, (ruin this city to Holliday's
Cove, as to justily a lively hope that the
proposed subscription will be voted next
Wednesday. The matter was not half
canvassed?indeed, scarcely canvassed at
all?prior to the vote last .May. Nor has
It been cauTatsed sines until quite recently.
The elaboration of tho question by
Messrs. 1'endi.kton and Hummhi> lost
week, at tho Court House, has done much
io excite Interest anil Inquiry, and from
ill wo can learn, the people of this city
ire beginning to wake up to (lie very
treat vaiuo of tilt! proposed road. The
>bjectHm that many luid to the prapoelion
voted on last spring, viz: that by
[iving a mortgstfl the road was
iablo to be sold out, and our
took to bo totally loat, is removed
>y the modified proposition, under which
10 mortgage on tbo road is to be given
lor guarantee of interest mada; and it is
;cncrally considered, among men familiar
villi such matters, that the proposition
f the Pennsylvania Central to aid in the
luilding ot the road, as that proposition
tow stands, is a very fair and liberal one.
Considering that company has now ono
Inc to thia city, and could havo no incilental
advantages to .expect, such as
Vheellng has, from the new road, that
ompany manifests a generous liberality
i offering to incur halt the cost of Uio
rork on terms so nearly equal with ourelves.
It has been carefully exlaincd
iu our columns, but (wraps
canuot be explained too ollen,
liat all tho advantage the proposed a?- i
uigemcnt will give that company over
thor stockholders Is that their slock is to
o preferred?that Is that in making illviends
theirs are to lie paid first to ,tho
ijiuuiii ui i pur cum per annum, so iiiui u
jo not profits of any ycivr are Ininfllolont
pay 7 per cent on sll the stock, Hie lieoiency
will full on tho other stocklioldrs.
Considering tlio relations ot the two
artles to the enterprise?the Incidental
dvautages which lJrooko and Ohio will
erive Irotu it?this prcfercnce Is not an
reasonable condition. The l'ennsylvala
Company can Invest Its capital in othr
places where a return or 7 per cent is
Bsured, and wo cannot expect any capiilinU
to do better than it offers.
The greatest value of this road to the
Ity will bo, as wo havo conceived from
lie beginning, in lUcompctltlvo character.
Villi Its depot in the business ccntor of
lio elty wo can reach the chief centers of
uslness east and west jiut as well as by
lio Baltimore Ohio. It will bu a coinetitor
with tho latter, in cither direction,
n terms of complete equality. That
jch a compctlon would bo wortli thouinda
of dollars every year to tbo business
len of this city Is beyond all doubt.
'Ills seems to us to be tho moat Important
nglo advantage afforded by tho now lino
this city. At tho same time It will bo
I groat valuo?a valuo not easily calcu- j
ited or anticipated?in affording a
'liolesomo check to tbo now threatening I
nd already dangerous Influence of tho 1
lalllmoro Ohio corporation in tho al- J
lira of the city. Nothing is so fatal to tho
rowth and progress ol a city as to bo in the f
rasp ol some monster corporation, which 1
inpes everything lor Its own advantage
nd tolerates no competitors. Lot us Bet
own Mr Bcofr and Mr. Gamistt in our
ll_ _ I Innttnn n.. 11 |n| lllllftt 1
iijr un an ti|um iuuviiik, ?uu ,iu? ?uuu?
ght It out Bo Ion; u wo litre
lit one great cor|xiratiou we Ahull bo I
bilged, In self delense, constantly to ro- i
9t lis aggressions. II wchnvotwo, each j
rill bold the oilier lu check, anil we can
pot looking after onr own affairs and
roflling by their contests. Wo say then,
jat a branch of the Pennsylvania road, I
ritlift depot In tho business part of the I
ity, would be almost Invaluablo to pro-
jet us from tho aggressions ol the Haiti-
toro itnd Ohio, Just as th< latter would
d If tho Ponnsylfanla Central was our 1
nly road, Tho lact that tho Halllmore
nd Ohio Company, throngh all Its ofTl-
era and luglcinen, is so bitterly hostilo to 1
Ills road up the rlrpr, ought, of Itself, to j
e conclusivo evidence ol its value to tho
ily as a. com|K}llter for business, and
ijually bs a competitor for In- 1
uenco in the affairs of city tod
ounty, and lor' favors at their hands.,
Another benefit that will b? conferred
n Wheeling, and one that will grow in
a proportions year by year for all tlmo,
rill In the development ol btuinesn and
opulatlon along the river from hero to
lie county lino. Wheeling and Ohio
minty must build a railroad up the river,
a n measure ul gull protection. They
mat do it to develop a manufacturing In- i
jreat there. Thern are ten mllea o( manfiicluring
iiltcii on the rlvor between here
nd the lirtnka line, with bills' lull ill
uchcoal nawe have here and the rlrer i
mlerlald with attch as thr>y hare at flleu
envllle. Yet hit mannfaelofM will or
an bo liuill aboro tho city without a
allroad; and If nurli fitcllitlra are not
iirorded In that direction, Wheeling caplal
will continue to go down to Maralmll
onnlj or acrim into Ohio. In dealing
vilh public Improvement* men iMfi
ixik a fcw yean info the future. The
treaent drill of liuslneas capital here.it la
lot to lie denied, la down Hie rlrer. It la
he onty dlrrcllnn In which there are any
lite* Tor new mamtfaclorlea, and In that
llmtlon Innlncaa ami capital will continue
o go for exactly that Teaaofi, unleaa new
crritnry ia deroloped ahoro tho city.
Without this Denwuod and Bellalre
nay reasonably expect that in leia than
twenty years the center of the business
within the four or five miles including
those places and this will be with them,
and "Wheeling will be a suburb, if
Wheeling wants to be the future center,
she must develop population und inanu*
factures above us well as below, lu aidiug
thut necessary work, this road would
have a value iu the next ten or twenty
years thut cuunot be culculuted.
Aside from permanent udvantages like
these, the building of this road would be
ol very great immediate iucidentul bene-
tit to this city. It was estimated by Prof.
PhniH'Bkui that it would require an ex-
penditure of $700,to build tliirt
roud from Wheeling to Holliduy's i
Cove. Hulf of this would be expended by
Brooke and Ohio counties. Probably not t
over u hundred or a hundred unit fifty 1
thousand of this money would bo loaned N
by our own capitalists. The remainder 1
would eomo Iroiu the money center* of L
the East. Hetween live and six hundred u
ii
thousand dollars would therefore bo J
brought into these two counties from
abroad, und would bo oxpended and j
thrown into circulation, within a year. A t
large sum would bo expended directly in t
the city, and the greater part ol the rest v
would find its way here.
The effect ol this would be to refresh
and stimulate every branch of business. j1
It would bo felt in a reviving prosperity
hero that would improve tho fortunes ol
almost every man in the city, that would
directly increase trade, improve values, tt
and encourage our somewhat apathetic ft
und discouraged people to' strike out into
now fields for fresh sources of prosperity. H
Nor would the effect be temporary. It A
would probably be the beginning of a re- c
action from present depression, which,
awakening new energies, would carry 11
Wheeling forward from one enterprise to
Another, into a new era of activity aud J,
permanent growth.
o
In Anticipation.
It is with deep and universal regret Ii
that wo auounco the death of our esteem* t(
ad fellow citizen, i)r. Livingstone. This
melancholy event has come upon tho
country liku a thunderbolt out of a clear
sky. Had tho doctor homo a charmed 11
ma iiih uuaiu cuuiu uui uiivu pruvoKuu
greater astonishment and vexation. Up ti
to yesterday noon, tho village pliveleiau
it IJiJi was perleetly confident that l|o
would reeovcr, although the pestilential
slimato of tioudan had considerably wor itil
him, and had proved fatal to hi* faithful
and attached hippopotamus. At about U
I o'clock, however, ho began to fail rap- is
dly, and by 5 there was nothing left of v
rim at IJiJI, though he was still prevalent
h several regions to the southward, and
;ho vincinty of Gcbol-el-Cumri was pervaded
with him in considerable quimtity.
Hut by 7 advices camo from Dahomey
hat ho was dead, in th.it section; by 8 he
lad perished all along the Upper Nile; by
Hiad ftded nnd gone from lieledelJar- t<
3d, and before daylight this morning tho M
eturns were all in, and Dr. Livingstone, r
:he great African explorer, waa no moro
orover! The obsequies will take place at 01
[Joroorioboola Ghaas soon as all there- 8
nains can bo concentrated at that point, ei
[nits deep affliction science has our hear- v,
lest sympathy, and wo cheerfully condole
with everybody.?San Francisco News Hj
Utter. n
Itl.ANKKT YoUIl IloltSK.?At tills Sellion
of llie year, when wchave many cold,
windy days, horses, when left standing In
>ur streets for any length of time, should
lave sotno sort ot covering thrown over
hem to keep them warm and comlortablo lr
md prevent tliem from becoming chilled,
'arclul drlvera will always do this, and si
n passing through our streets it is very m
rratilying to notice so many horses so
1 |n,ll.,.l|nl. (111! (ilitnuiml
uuuij I;IIICII nu, *in<ii-nvui? iu? j>iv<aui?>i*
iyniputliy anil interest ol tho owner In
lie welfare of Ills beast. There are those,
lowever, who possess so little sympathy
mil care (or their nnlmala, that they aeyer n
liink of protecting tliem against cold,oren
when sweaty from hard driving or over l
vork. Such pcoploought never to have
lie charge of a horse, hut aa this cannot
ilways lie regulated, they should tie cornidled
in some way to take proper care ol
hem.?Hurtrhilt PublMtr.
The difference between tho Baltimore
ind the Philadelphia girl is that the later
isnlwayswantingsomethingtocat and
.ho former aomotlilng to love. Tho Phil-
idclphlenno carrlcs lier young man to G
llnner with her, and sees that ho Is well ii
foddered. The BalUmorlenne carries b
:iiiu oir for a ?trill, and looks into his t,
V"*' m tl
A Nohweoian lady has arrived in
Mllwaukco with sotno twenty of her cliil- fi
Irea. She sayi there ?ro ao many accidents
she dldff t think itsnfe to bring them
all on one boat, as In tho caso ol n wreck
the wouldn't have heart to commence life
In a new country, Hlie eipeola the rest
[if them shortly.
Jul,ta WaiiiiHowksays: "Tboscgrim <1
ami rugged outlines ofUrtrtfogy fannl- c
lar to Bluet ofns are the Work ol the lnaa- b
ctillno mind. Woman In lh? pulpit will,
I hope, carcfiilly guard all that Is Just and
valuable, lint she will clothe ind soften
It with syuipathetio coloring."
Mips Lfr.i.tlt ftfcVdtffio* Bi.akr, In her
now leettire on "Modern Heroism,1' says
tliat It reqnlroa aa mncli courage for a
womnn 10 JIVOW neiauii III ii?tvi vriiiiiiiu
?nfTri?Re whim In the midst of a fashionable
iwK>mhl/ u it does for a man to com- A
mand a buttery. ,1
"You arc beautiful and I'udoro yon,"
laid a gentleman to the hello of the even-
ing. "For my pari, I hate you, and lliink
you frigliUnl," nil? Morten. "I believe
yon, you frank girl. You do not tell po-
lite falsehoods like tne." fl
Mrss Annik M. IIut.KTTsof Itockfnrd,
III the yonnfc ladj whom thoHupreme
Court recently refused to admit to the
practice of law, Is about to start on a
lecturing tour, anil tell the people bow n
she regards the refusal. I
v
Arrest of an Ohio Postmaster. V
Ci.kvki.anp, Deeemlier 2?.?William t
WlilllaVer, Pr*tmaster at nowling
Green, Wood county, Ohio, was arreatcil
and brought here today by a Deputy U.
H. Marshal, chargcd with cmbez*ling I
money order fnmls. Ite was held In the r
sum of $1,500 to answer the charge at the i
.Tannary term of the U. District Court. I r
BY TELEGRAPH.
AS60CIATKD PBBSS EKPOET.
Exclusively to tbc Utalllgeucar.
(By tbo WosUra Union Lino.
Mw NoitkwMt eor. o1 lUla ud Mooroo lU.)
ggg t1
CHICAGO*
Ciiicauo, December 37.?Collector McI.tun,
ol' tills port, bus received a letter
from (Secretary Boutwell instructing bim
to see me owners 01 tue mock oi lanu
3a the ?ite of the old custom Louse and
post oflice, and ascertain from them what
price tliey would put upon the land provided
the Government should desire to
purchase it. The Collector haa notified
lie proper owners, and they will cach
mine his price by to-morrow, and they
vill lie sent to Secretary Uoutwell tor
lonsideratlon. Should the prices be deemid
too high, they will ho rejected at once,
md the Collector instructed to open negations,
with other parties lor a new
ite.
Chicago papers contain to day an extoaition
of what was foreshadowed in
liese dispatches a few days since, under
lie title of another Bowlby-Hosenvcig.
The facta, eo far published, show
hut a Mrs. McCoy, a milliner, residing at
'resiliue, Ohio, and a lady of good charcter,
came to this city and either went
lorself or was taken to a lemale doctor on
Hate street, where she died in a lew days,
ike was packed iu a box aud sent ofl to
)hio, where her body was discovered and
rresta made. Among others arrested was
baggago master on the Pittsburgh, Fort
Vayne Chicago it&ilroad named Win.
illreb, who was engaged to be married to
ira. nicuoy, wun wns a wiuow. n is laimed
by tlio |M?lic*e tluvt an abortion had e
con practiced upon t ho decoasod, but this
loruing i)r. Hen). Miller made a partiul 11
<>nt-mortem examination of the remains. 1
0 far ho says that he has disoov-
red no grounds on which to
use tlio belief that the woman died 1
tlier tliau a natural death. 1
Tlio statements of the National n
iAiiks just published, show thorn to a
bo stronger than thoy woro. Be- 1
>ro tlio tiro thoy held availablo means a
f over 03 per cent, of their deposits, ft
icy would be obliged to call on'over
no-third of their loans to pay off deposits
in full.
There we' in store, in this city, on tlio ll
:id Inst., live million two hundred and 11
ightecn thousand bushels or grain. 11
A report, well authenticated, says that 11
no Chicago Hopublicao will ceassto ex-
it on Saturday next. It will bo merged
Mth (he I'tat. Ii
The Weather To-I>ny. I,
War Dkpaiitmbnt, j i
Or rim nr tiii Ciiur Uihnal OrricRR, V 1
Washington, d. C., Dec. 97-7:30 r. m. i 1"
lMlOUAUIMTIRB. V
Tlio barometer will probably continue v
1 raise Thursday, with northwesterly h
rinds hacking to the north, in tlio New h
England and Middle States, und north- a
intcrly winds in tlio Southern and. Gulf
tatcs. Southwesterly winds, with (breAt- o
ning weather, will develop in tlio north- w
rest. Clear qnd pleasant weather will
revnil very generally east of the Missis- d
ppi. nriHK Din noi uangeroufl wintia u
ro anticipated for this evening. Ii
UTAH.
1
Hai.tIjake, Di'conilicr 27.?More snow
iclon, attomled with loss of lift}, occurred
i the mining canons. J
Wrn. Thurwood, a school teacher, m j
lot hy J. Woodward, at Lelil, yesterday,
ad killed. Woodward was the ngrcssor.

Oarmtcrs arc at work on tho utrects.
wo cases within the past week.
Christmas was exceedingly merry,
ritwlthstanding prevailing storms.
Much embarrassment was occasioned
y tho mm arrival of freight trains.
MEXICO. II
t!
Nhw York, December 27.? Intelli- t;
nnce Irom Mexico to December 30th p
iys that certain (lovernment command- o
rsaro in league with the Revolutionists,
ml will turn the entire border over to
letn; and thai Trevlno and Oanales, o
lovcrnorof Tamanllpas, are now consultig
at Liineas. The attack on Miers has J
een postponed. Tlicre is much discon- c
mt among the troops on account of c
iicir1 lioft-paynicnt. Strict orders have
cen Issued against any goods going free
otn tho Zone to tho Interior.
A "Trunk Mrsterr" 1 tjiichec.
Nrw Yoiik, December 27.?A Quelle?
ispatch says tliat a trunk mystery case
as arisen thero which has dfeated much
scltcment. A bo* was round, tho olhcr y
ay, at the Grand Trunk railway depot,
nntnitilng a mutilated Imdy of a lemalo,
1 a partially* decayed i1 (million. The
mlta had been cut oil, and the flesh
ropped otf them In large pieces. The
o.t had been leit there by a stranger,
ihosc name Is unknown. Font play la
impeded. Investigation la pending.
CALIFORNIA. h
fi
San I'nANcnco, December 20.?lion.
lurray Morrison, formerly of Illinois and p
udge of the Seventeenth District Court,
led at l<m Angeloa on the 18th Inst.
The National Labor Union last evening
langurated a movement and elected Oeo, 0
V. .fnllon, of Indiana, President, by a c
nanlmotis resolution declaring lihn their i:
rst choice for President of the United
Itatca. v
Iritish Troops Withdrawn from 1
IlAllfai.
UamFax, December 2?.?It is reported 1
n good authority that all the llrltiih
mops, except a few artillery will lie
rltlidrawn in tho spring from Halifax,
lllicb Is now the only garrisoned city In r
lie Dominion. I
)entk of Dr. Robert J. Breekearldfe.
Cincinnati, December 27.?A special i
o tlic thtrttr says Her. Robert J. Hreck- r
nridge, D.D., died at 5 o'clock this even- 1
ng at his home fn Danville, Ky., after a r
irotrarlcd illneas.
NEW YORK CITY.
Reported Flight or Concealment of
Tweed.
New York, December 27.?The Tribune
auya it lias received information that
Tweed lias tied, and ia either iu rapid
(light from the cotintr7 or skulks somewhere
concealed from the tli'a olllccrs
until new bondsmen come forward to nave
him from Imprisonment.
This statement of the Tribune seems
to he based on the laet that Turrencc Farley
is reported to have given notification
to tho Hherilf ol his withdrawal trout
Tn.An.ll. 1...1I l>..!.? ?k.t nnllkn. II....I.
i nw? a uoii utiuuj aw tuai uuuuui iiugu
[listings our Jay Gould woulil attempt to
pass thu examination required, and justify
In the sums which thuy have oilered
ihemsclves. When Tweed learned ot Farcy's
intention as above, it is said that bo
liaappcared immediately or be would have
ilept last night in the county prison, lie
?as at bis office in Duanu street at about
I p. u. yesterday, but thereafter disapwared,
and, as tho Tribune asserts, up to
>ne o'clock last night .ho had not been
icon by those who bad Bought him.
rweed's son, Richard M., of the Metrowlitan,
has ottered himself as bondsman
n place of Terence Farley, aud stated
hatciias.0. C'orrell, Water-register and
Jhas. Devlin would tako the pbice of
Jould and Hastings. The examination
if the sureties continues to-day, and It
nay bo several days before all the sureties
ire examined.
The Corporation counsel, O'Qorman,
tatcs that be will take steps for the ro.
noval of Jas. M. Hweeney end Hugh
liultb as Commissioners for tho extension
if tho Riverside Park, on acc0untof their
tbsenco Irom the city. These gentlemen
>ro said to be absenting tbutnselvcs to
voile the action ot the grand jury.
It has been reported that Ohas. (J1 Conor
would tcrmlnato bis connection with
ho prosecution of the ring suits wlieu
Utorney General Harlow came inUi olllee.
larlow, however, says he will endeavor
0 have O'Connor's aid. It 1s probable
bat the couusel for thu people will soon
nove to attach Twocd's property; already
pplleation lias been tnado to restrain
?wccd Irom disposing ot liis property,
nd it is expected that Tweed's lawyers
re about to move to have tbis application
enied.
The enrollment of Democratic voters
nder the Reform Democracy .commenced
it several wards of tho city last evening,
lie objeet being to secure tbe names of ail
iien who were Democrats, anil who, Irom
liclr enrollment, were entitled to a voice
ii political primaries.
The statement that IIoss Tweed cannot
e found lias not yet been authoritatively
enied. It appears that Terrence Farley
ad concluded to withdraw bis bail bond
ir Tweed, but Hherlil llronu'an Informed
'arley that ho would he held res|>onslble
,'illi the other bondsmen until Tweed
nis delivered over to the Bheriil. Farley
ns becu busy endeavoring to find Tweed,
ut iinsuccesslul. Tweed's sons offered
nother party in plaee of Farley, but lie
ras not accepted. At present several
fllclals are on tho lookout for Tweed,
rtio, doubtless, Is hiding in town.
Ai.iiany, Dee. !!7.?Judge Iicarned has
enied tbe motion to continue tho Injuncion
restraining Tweed from disposing of
la properly.
At n late hour Ihla evening the SlicrlO I
nil lulled to discover the whereabouts of
'weed, though a largo iiuiuher ul depu-
Icb made an active Bearch. Ills Bona perlat
that their lather la in the city, and
liat they had an Interview with him toay.
A warrant lor Ilia arrest wan put
a to the hands of a deputy sheriff. The
umor that Tweed was arrested and conned
In the Metropolitan Hotel is untrue.
Kx-Hherll! O'Brien -was a witness ho-
are the Grand Jury yesterday. Indict-
lonts were returned in tho case of the
catli of Mr. Nowkirk in the Jefferson 1
larket Prison. The rumor of the indict-
rent ol Mayor Hall is still believed, and
l it staled that the paper was returned to
lie Jury lor tonie ^corrections, and
liat It will soon bo ready for
mentation. The Hiwslan fleet has been
rdered to remain hero for tho present.
Theodore I logon, n musician and pttblaher
of tho Wnkly lirrU'tr, diod to day
I heart disease.
Tho adjourned examination of Dank
Examiner Oailender, elm rged with re- I
elving bribes from tho Ocean Bank, was
ontinued to-day.
Tho JMenir counterfeiting case has gone
ithe ]nrj.
A special meeting of tho National As-
relation for improving the interests of
lie trotting turf was held to-day, George
I. Smith presiding, to receive evidence
jr decision on disputed point! during the
ear. Tho session continues to-morrow.
Tho steamer Cuba, hcnco for Liverpool,
rhile going down the lower liny this
lornlng, stuck on tlio knolls, where she
ow remains. The Coast Wrecking
lompanysont a steamer to her assistance.
Senator Hcliurr. lectured this Evening
i the Itedford Avenue Church on the
'ranco-Prussian war.
The property ol tho New York Print-
jg Company, hsccntly seized by the i
iherllT on a snlt brought by the Ocean i
lank on a protested note, will be sold nt
iuhllc auction from January nth. i
The steamer Blleas, ^vhlcli left Ham- j
urg on the 18th of December, was dotycd
by log, and did not lenve Havre
ntil the 2:id of December. The Hiltiw
awiot I if nxperted, nmuenuenlly, baf6re
lie 2d or 3d of Jltnarf,
The jury la the Minor case brought In a i
erdlct of not guilty at one o'clock to.
light. i
Judge Benedict's charge indicated to
hem that the evidence ol the dctectivcs,
md of Coleman, who has just been reeased
from custody, should lie treated
?itli contempt, and Col. Whltbv could
inly be justified In c? lending Irecdom
mm prosecution to Cole in event of Mllor'a
conviction.
It appears a worth lens check for <s50,000
vaa paiycd on a Broadway Hank, and
me ol a similar amount on a Newark
lank, lwith by tho samo party, who*
lame lias not yet been disclosed.
It islielievccl that Tweed ia still In Hie
city, though he has not been aeon to-uii^ht.
To-morrow is the last day ou whicll
hi* inondsmen can (quality. Tweed is said
to havo been at the Metropolitan Hotel
this morning, and also at the depot and
public works. His friends claim that he t
has leit the city, and state that ho is prepared
to meet every issue. I
The police to night efloctually broke up t
a gang of swindlers who havo been opera- j
ting by what is knowu as the watch c
game. _ t
WASHINGTON.
VVaaiiinoton, December 27.?The Kentucky
National Hunk of Louisville, with a
f'jmitlll nl ?'>00000 anil th<> Uitnntwl Vn.
lioutil llank or Aurora, Illinois, with a
capital of $100,000, were to day author- 11
izcd to commence business.
General Sweet, of Illinois, entered upon
his duties to-day as First Deputy Coinmis* c
aloner of Internal Kevenue.
The Postmaster General to-day ordered 81
a mail service on the Lake BUoro it Tus- Jj,
caruwas Valley Hailro&cl from Kamson-
villo to Guilford, Ohio, from January J'
15th, next; and on the Decatur, Hullivan
it MaUoon ltailroad, Iroiu Matloon to
Morrow town, Illinois, six times a week, 111
from January 1st. The mall scrvico is nI
extended on the Ht. Joe it Denver City
llailroad Irom Marysville to Hanover,
Kansas. tl
w
A It k A NN AN.
Tlio Truth About tlio Chicot County
Troubles Coming Out*
St. Louis, December 27.?Tho Dvmo- u
oral'* Little Hock, Ark., special Hays: H|
Arrivals from tho Chicot country rc|>ort tl
that after the shooting of the murderers, ti
Sanders, Gairott and Dugan and the de- u
Btruction of Garrott's store, where Wynne
was murdered, the crowd immediately
iimpi-ravo iiiiu mi; hihtiii mm passu nave
Binc'o romaiiiuil in peaceable possession of U]
Iho place. Sanders, (Jarrett und Dugan n
bad ltcen notoriously had characters, one
having committed several murders? p,
another having whipped a negso and Cl
broken his arm previous to this combined y,
attack on Wynne. These circumstances ln
rendered the negroes, when assembled, UI
uncontrollable until thry had secured jj
themselves iftitti any other violence at 0j
their hands. _
CURA.
Havana, December 27.?A communi- a
:atiou has been recoivcd from tho author!- 0f
lies ut Cienluegos, expressing the belie!
thai Doctor Howard in not an American, p
In the recent engagement near Man/.a-
uillo, the Hpanish Colonel Urigon was cr
tilled.
Valmezeda has issued a proclamation, 0f
11 "which ho says tho oirer of pardon f0
to insurgents cannot last forever, lie now j,t
proclaims that every insurgent captured U1
liter the ltith of January will be shot, and C(]
:hoso surrendering after that time will be u,
tentcnced to perpetual imprisonment. u(
Negroes nro to bo treated the hiuiio us
whites. All negfo women captured will
tjo delivered to their owners, and will be
compelled to wear a chain for four yearn.
\11 white women captured in tho woods }V
ifter the 15th of January will bo banished
from tlio country. Chiefs of insurgent
mnds will be allowed to surrender until
.ho 15th of January, under the conditions
lcrctoforo granted. j.
Accident on tho Erlo Hallway? la
Wreck of n Coal Train. of
Nrw York, December 27.?Yesterday
when a coal train was within three-quarters
of a mile of Lackawaxcn, on the
llonesdalo branch of tho Brio Hallway,
raeof the rocks on the side of tho road,
weighing many hundred tons, tumbled
lown and lodged on the railroad track a m
fow feet ahead of an npproaching train, j)t
which was running pretty fast. The
sngineer, D. 11. Woods and tho fireman,
Jolin ohuttz, were thrown Irom tlio engine?
the latter being thrown on his hend
wan instantly killed, whilo tlio engineer Tl
wan only slightly Injured. Tlio loeomo- cl
live was completely wrecked. Tlio cen- cii
ler of lite train was thrown high In the air, gt
forming lor an Instant, a huge pyramid, 01
Llicn fifteen cars went crashing down an
smbankment, forty loot, to the river. Jn
THE CHICAGO MYSTERY* j|j
Snspectnd Murder in nn Asslgnntion nt
Hoime* ln
Cincinnati, December 27.?William w
9herb, baggago-master on the Pittsburgh, Tl
Port Wayne tfc CliicAgb railroad, left Clil- gr
cago last Baturday on the day express, tli
liaving in charge tlio corpse of Mrs. Mc* w
(Joy, who, it seemed, died there very suddenly
under suspicious circumstances.
He was arrestod on hia arrival at Lima,
Ohio, in compliance with a telegram from
Chicago officers, and was taken to Chicago,
where an investigation will he held. ni
The oflicers stated that the corpse was M
seen to come out of a well-known assignation
house, and that there lind been
Foul play either by poison or abortion. 1,1
Hirer New". mi
Cairo, December 27.?Arrived: the pp
Jtilln, from Vieksburg, nt2 a. m; Capital w
City, from HI. Louis,at 11 a. m. Departed: II
Iho Valid, from New Orleans, at 7 A. M, or
Telegrams Irom Grand Tower report In
that the Jasper passed a4 noon and gorged
Immediately after. Weather elear and
rcry cold.
Cincinnati, December 27.?Hirer nix
feet eight Indies and rising. Freezing JJ
hard. Navigation partially suspended.
Tlie Bteamer Torn Iieeae was seized by cr
the United Btatea Marshal at the mouth 1,1
r>f Halt rirer and sent to Louisville, the n
underwriters' claim growing out of the *v
linking of the barge Annie Hearer at ,H:
New Orleans. 8,1
T,
"Chocked" finder Ihr Ice.
Omaha, Nrr., December 27.?Lost Pri-
ilsy night a band of armed and disguised ov
men took a pcradn named Thompson pf
From hfs shanty, aliotit twenty miles th
south ol this place. -Nothing has since nr
l?een seen of him. Thompson had made
himself obnoxious to parties near by
Hiving evidence against a person for H
stealing. It is believed he wa*"chucked'' Ki
under the ice. S|
FOREIGN.
ENGLAND.
London, December 27.?The Queen reurns
to tiandriuuhaiu to day.
The bulletin to-day reports that the
'rince of Wales passed a quiet night, but
hat his convalescence is retarded by h
lainlul affection above the lull hip, at
oinpanlcd by fevcrishncss. No iuquiijude
is felt but regret and disappointueut
at the slowness ol his recovery are
enerally expressed.
i ao sieamsnips iseriin ami iiouanu
five arrived out.
The mail steamer from the Cape of
lood Hope brings intelligence that the
nnouncemcnt that the treaty of. anuexaon
of the African territory to the liritish
ad been concluded produced much exilement
in that territory; and that Brand,
10 President of the Ireo Btatcs, had isled
a formal protest against the transfer
r the diamond liclda to Great Britain,
ho uUcovery of gold in considerable
uantitiea had been made in the Transvool
lepublic. The report uttractcd many
iventnrers to that quarter. The dialond
seekers were abandoning tho dialond
districts tor tho newly discovered
:>ld country. Capetown continued throng1
with the arriving and returning lor- i
mo-hunters. Tho business of tho colony
as making great strides.
FRANCE.
Pa his, December 87.?'Tho Minister ol
le Interior proposes to mtifaiso the
ringcncy of the laws and regulations for
ko control ol tho press. It is understood
tat his intentions have the approval o! 1
ion President.
en. Hhorman in Pari*.
Paiuh, December 27.?<lcu. .Sherman
id Lieut. Urant, son or President Grant,
c expected to arrive in this city tomor?w.
In the National Assembly to day the
roposca mcomo tax was uuiiiii under disunion.
Tliu Minister of Finance, Pou-
ir-Quertier, spoke in opposition to the I
ensure, which hedenounced us arbitrary
ulinquisitorial. The speaker cited Lord
roughamand President Grant in support
this remark. In the course of some
AIJHTRIA.
Vienna, Dccombor 97.?Princn Karl
ucrspcrg has been appointed President
the Upper House ol the Iteichstadt.
John Jay, our Minister, dined with the
reinicr, Count Androssy, last week, i
epresentativea ot ali the European pow- i
s were present on the occasion. I
Viknna, December 27.?Tho sessions
the Austrian Heichstadt were opened
day, but tho KmiJcror's speech will not i
i delivered until to morrow. Thecsti- i
atcsof the Minister ot finance lor the t
niing year, were submitted, and give t
o probable expcndilurea at :i5U million
>rins against the revenue or Jlllti million.
ITALY.
Komk, Dec. 27.?Cardinal Amot do Ban j
ilippeo Bosso, Bishop or Palestine and
icc unanceuor 01 mo noiy uoman
lurch, Is dead. He was elevated to a
irdlnal in 1837, and died at the age ol ?H
lira.
His Majesty, tlio King of Italr, has sent 1
s congratulations to the (Jueen of Eng-
nd on the announcement that the Prince
Wales was out of danger. r
CHINA.
London, December 27.?Dispnlchcs
5ui Shanghai nunounco that tbc Uhlneao
Dvcrnmcnt has determined to follow the
;ainple ol the Japanese and hcihI young
en to England and the United Btatcs to
i educated In the schools of those conn- (i
ies.
t
Fire in Ilichmond, Va.
Richmond, December 27?Midnight.? J
lie kitchen of tlio Exchange Hotel in this t
\y, 1.1 in my mumu^, iiiiii uiu mu iimj y
itiiramilctilo lo (bo main building. The
icsls nro nil panic stricken anil moving
it.
Tim lire was subdued without much inry
to the main building. Considerable
imago was done to the furniture of tho
itel by moving. The stocks of O. Cra:r,
li<|iior dealer, and Latance, merchant
iior, who hnvo stores under the hotel,
ere also damaged by moving and water,
he panic among the guests was very
eat, many rushing out in nothing but
eir night clothes, fearing another Spoilsood
calamity.
HA1NT LOUI8.
I'repnring lo lleceire Alcils.
St. tours, Decemiier 27.?Arrangecuts
nro completed for the reception
id entertainment of Grand Duke Alexis,
e will arrive Friday evening, January
h. A committee will meet him Borne
ilea irom the city, and on his arrival
cort him to the Southern Hotel, where
impiuous apartment* navo Deen preired
for lilm. On Saturday noon he J
ill lie formally received at llio Southern i
atel and serenaded in the evening, and
i Monday evening there will be a grand n
dl and banquet at tho Southern. r'
Ntenmor Lout in tho tiulf. n
New OftMt an a, Dec. 27.?Tho steam-
i|> Florida, hence for Apnlachleola,
rung a leak and sunk in the Oulf of
oxico on the 23d Inst. The officers and P
ew look the boats and landed twenty J
ilea east of Mobile Point. John Heed,
colored man, was drowned by the
ramping ol the boat in the surf. The
at was valued at $20,000. No in*
ranee. j
he Hlockade on the Pacific R. R*
Omaha, I)cc. 27.?Haw 1 ins Spring's re>rts
this evening nay no train has poised
'er the blockaded i>ortion of tho Union t
icific railroad nince the 21st. Most of
o present difficulty H between Cheyenne
id liawlin'a station.
?A)flre ocenffed last evening in the
arvard sugar refinery, Water street,
Ml Cambridge, Mass., owned by Nash,
wilding ?V Co. Low, $.10,000. Insured.
The Fisheries Coou'res-oouul Aid.
Boston, December 27.?At a meetiug
of the persons interested in the tishcries
it was decided U> appoint n committee to
wait upon our Senator* Hiid Kepresentalives
iu Congress aud endeavor witli them
to obtain either by bounty or some other
means of neutralizing wliatcver evils tlie
treaty may threaten to indict upon our
tlsherman.
MINOR TELK(.HAMS.
?Twenty disabled soldiers arrived al
the Daytou Holdiere' Home, Tuesday,
from Knightstown, Indiaua, >vkere the
Homo wus destroyed by lire. These,
with fifteen more to follow, will increase
the roll to over eighteen hundred.
?Dispatches from Galveston, Texas,
state that the ship Orion, having one
thousand bales of cotton on board, was
burned outsido of the bar, and sunk in
four fathoms of wnter.
?A littlo son of H. Foulke, of Urbana,
Ohio, yesterday, while playing allpped
and fell upon an open penknife, the blade
of which |>enctrated his abdomen, inflicting
u probably mortal wound. The knife
was a Christmas present.
?.Joseph II. Hackett, the veteran actor,
aud father ot Itecordcr Hackett, is lying
seriously ill, at his residence, on Long
Island.
?A, .fecial from Washington says the
desire to know about the connection of
Senator Harlan of Iowa, with the
Wright Indian frauds is very general
among politicians there. As Wright will
noon bo brought into court, Harlan's connection
with them will bo immediately
explained. The chanccs of Harlau's election
will be damaged by these charges
tigainsthim.
?The Hoard of Indian Commissioners
bave presented their report to President
Grant. It gives a cheerful view of the
peace policy. In the purchase of Indian
supplies and other measures they have
saved about $1,000,000.
?Oatacnzy is now in Washington, clos*
lri?wp his business. A letter from Berlin,
just received in New York, says ho was
obliged to leave Hanover, alter great
diltlculty, for incompatibilities of one
kind or other.
?The Secretary of the Treasury, yesterday,
commenced payment without rebate
ot interest due on the 1st ol .January
r?n U. H. bonds.
?The announcement is made bv an*
lliority that at 11 o'clock Monday, lnt o(
January, the President will receive the
members of the Cabinet ami Foreign
Ministers; nt 13:24) tho Judges of thoHuprome
Court and U. H. Henators.
?Sunday evening, during the absence
>i the family, the residence of JrC. Ward,
it Madlsonville, nix miles from Cincinmti,
was entered by burglurH, who ahitrncU'd
from a trunk #5)0,000 in bonds
md notes.
?The Connecticut Democratic Hlate
Jonvcntion Is called for Tuesday, February
20th.
ALK OF VALUABLE ItKAfj EH0
TATB.
n the matter of Richard Porter and Klchard J.
Porter, parUiera ah K. Porter St Co., Bankrupt a
In Bankruptcy.
The underalgned, Robert P. 8to1l# walgneo In
lankruptcy of aald Bankrupts In pursuance of
1 decree* made and entered by the Dlatrlct Court
>f tho United HUto* for tho I)litrlct of Weat Virginia,
November 35th, 1H7I, In the above entitled
auso, hereby glvea notice that he will, on
THURSDAY, December S8th, 1871,
ommcndnK at li) o'clock a. v., offer for Mlo at
?ubllo auction at tho front door of tho Conrt
lotiaeof Ohio county, Went Virginia, tho fol
owing dealmblnand valuable real eatato, to-wlt:
Ail No, W on the east aide of Market atreet, heween
JeflVraon and Adama atreot*. In tho city
if Wheeling and HUto of Weal Virginia; Lot
fo. II In aquaro No. 15, between Monroe and
jnlncv atreeta on tho went aide of ftth afreet In
biii cur nun ouuu \tau imuu utilise;; lino nil)
)i%nt linlrof tlio north east quarter of section eleven
11) and tho north west quarter of the north went
luartcr of Bection twelve (12) In township Wi of
ango IS In Putnam county, Missouri, containing
90 acres more or less; also tho undivided nlneeen-twentloth
(19 30) of the Bonth one third
>0 part of lot No. 73, situated on the north wont
vrncr of Mnrket and Jefferson streets in the city
tf Wheeling and Btato of West Virginia, said
hlrd^pnrt fronting on Mnrket street twenty-two
i'i) feet more or less, and running l)ack the sumo
vldth to a private alley or recess.
The terms of sale will he ono-thlrd of Iho pur
hase money for any of iald property cash In
land, and tho balance payable In two equal Intalments
in six and twelve months from the day
if sale, with Interest frnmaald day, the purchanrs
giving their negotiable notes with personal
ecurlty satisfactory to said assignee for said de
erred payments, and tho assignee retaining tho
Itle until tho payment of tho wholo of the purihase
money; but any purchaser ahall ho at liber
y to pay the wholo of his purchase money In
ash or pny his notes for tho deferred payments
ir any part thereof bolore they become due, there
ly stopping tho Interest on tho amount so paid.
The title to the undivided one-twontleth (1-80)
if said south one-third Of) of lot No. 7.1 on tho
ornerof Jefferson and Market streets ii In John
I. Seymour, a minor about eighteen years ol
ige, who linn agreed In writing to convey said Inerest
on his arrlvlna at tho ago of twntyonp
ears, to Itlchard Porter In consideration of
tttfl IK) paid him at thu date of said agreement,
nd In tho further consideration of the promlwc
if said Porter to pay him $1JW W upon tho doIvery
to him, aald Porter, of a good deed for
aid Interest of said John II. Huymour, the per
ormanceof said contract of said minor Ih Mcur
d by an agreement In writing of Wolcott Boynour
and and Thos, C. Wilson to pay said Por
er $400 an liquidated damages sfioald said minor
all to carry out his contract aforesaid; now aald
inslgnce, by tho order of said Court, will assign
alrfftgreements to any purchaser from him of tho
aid undivided nlneteon-twentlotlis of said south
bird of lot No. 73.
Bald lot No. 1W will either bo sold as a Wholn
ot or In different portWfli, nn aald assignee may
letermlne at said sale.
i tenant whodelfcaao expired Ai>rll 1.1H7S, and Im
it the ml* of iMOpefinntitn. fmt thld property
very dedirafde and would readily rent from
11.(UN) to 11,100 per year.
Upon lot No. W there are two dwelllnga. onn
f which l? rented nt present to a tenant whoto
saae expired April 1, IB7*. and whoin annual
entldtMO.
All of the prrperty to lie offered for Mle a*
foresaid Id believed by Mid a?dljjnee to he frm
rotn All Incumbranced, except the right of dower
ri experUney of the wife of Richard Porter,
uhject to which the ?alo aforetald will he made:
otdclllng addddlgnee, the dald Kohert r. fltoll
rill merely warrant fpeclally the title to Mid
roporly and will convey an? of the Mme to 11m
nrrhacer by deed of dpeclal warranty upon the
ityment In fnll of the pitreftMe money therefor.
KOHBHT P. RTOLL,
Addlgnee In Bankruptcy ia aforeaald.
dec-IM
n kkmhIJE,
u.
IroliltPft Mid Superintendent,
OFFIC'R: No. ?7 MARKBT ST.,
VAMDRN, N. J.
Order* from a distance will receive prompt atration.
odM
r EA PEHtttNB' BAUCK.?PRO1
-J NOUNORD by connolddenrd
"THK ONLY (WOO 8AUCK."
!t Improved appetite and distention, and It la
inrlvaled for ltd flavor.
Wo are directed by Meddrd. I,ee k Perrlnd to
>rr*eca trail partled mnklnir or vending counter
eltl. JOHN DuNt'AN'H flONH,
anplfeod Apentd. New York,