I'
Wmnonth geynbUcnn
J. S. BE3IDER m JOHNILUKM, EDITORS
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,lSn"
The Great Fire!
Appalling ralamitv!
O M E i BTA ILS
Description of boirtt of the Printifnl Street.
Not a Wholesale House
ueti oy tfre Flames
tit Thouwml Acre of Terri-
Losses Estimated at Three
Hundred Million Dollars.!:
2Vr.wi Shot and Hung for Setting IXret.
Fires Still Raging but. Nearly
euDcmed.
Well, Chicago has been making histo
tv; history thai has been -w ritten in line9
ot fire history that shall live dowfl thro
HI ages history that shall endure while
:me endures. We have no easy task be
lore ns when essay to write upon this
aubject. For how sliull we give a sober
amount, in wed chosen words, such as
shall befit the character of a public jour
nal, of such scenes of fire, suffering, (men
tal and physical), death and despair, as
our fair city has witnessed during the
i vv tray-lour nours which we may sav vir
tually ended about nine o'clock last night
f or Dy tnat time the great fire had evi
-i-iij immu its cAireme limits at every
point. But we may safely &ay that no
nunian Being that has been a liviuir wit
ness of these scenes will ever be able to
efface their vivid recollection from mem
sry.
The origin of the fire had a trivial, al
un-'oi. luuicruus Degiuning. a woman,
utter dark on Sunday evening, taking with
her a kerosene lamp, went into a small
barn to milk a cow. The animal becom
ing restive, kicked the lamp to pieces,
and here was the beginning of the great
drama. VTe have before told how this
little fire sprang and flew with the very
wings of the wind how, like some mad
demon, it drove the shafts of destruction
into the very heart and Jife and vitals of
ur young city how, for twenty-four full
measured hours, forked tongues of fire
and billows of red flume held high carni
val over thousands of acres of the fairest
portion of Chicago.
At an early hour yesterday moreiag the
firemen, noble fellows, -had all given out
from sheer exhaustion, and were seen ly
ing around, weeping like children. There
L; an immortal niche for their names, but
we must proceed to other scenes and in
cidents and matters connected with this,
awful visitation. Telegraphic despatches
were promptly sent to some of the neigh
boring cities, for help. Self-preservation
is the first law of nature. These ap
als could not be responded to with any
thing like efficient help, and thus the fire
w:is left to rage on, literally taking its
own course, and who shall ever give the
details of all the great aggregate of devas
tation and ruin which it has made in its
coarse and in all its nltfmatc consequen
ces! Truly this tan never all be told.
The wind blew a perfect gale through u'l
the middle part of the day, and every arti
cle of a combustible nature was dry as
tinder itself. How could any other result
be possible than such as we have had?
the water all cut off, no effort of any kind
in any way possible to giving any hope
si success esjieeklly before the wind.
Al through the day, owners of proper
ty with teams and men were actively en
gaged ia trying to save sttGh property as
was movable. Enormously high prices
were paid for wagons, drays, etc., for this
service. There seems to have been neces
sity for this, as we learn that vehicles
were actually burned with their loads of
goods. In some cases, large lot of goods
were moved at a heavy expense, to some
locahty supposed to be safe, and in an
hour or two, all would be overtaken and
ewept off. "Women and children were
seen during th day that had been driven
from their beds by fire, and having to fly
instantly for their lives, had thrown blan
kets or quilts around them, losing every
yestige of clothing they had in the world.
These were their only coverincr. The
principal streets through the burning dis
trict were four and suffocating with smoke
and foul gases created by the burning of
oils, paints, and all manner of chemicals
in drug stores and other establishments,
and people were warned that certain thor
oughfares could not be traveled without
peril of life from suffocation but many
lives were no doubt lost through over
strained curiosity leading persons to dis
regard these wholesome warnings.
Many persons over-anxious to see the
great Fire King in all his majesty, mounted
to the tops of such buildings as were most
accessible, and supposed to be out of
harm's way but, in a little time leaping
tongues of fire with almost lightning
rapidity would seize the buildings thus
occupied, and so many persons found fiery
graves, as the result of their temerity.
j Keport says that some thirty or forty per
sons were in Crosby's Opera House, cn
gaged in fitting that noted place of amuse
ment up for a special opening occasion,
when the fiery monster came and these
w ere all quickly borne on fiery wings in
to eternity. "With all the other sad fea
tures of this awful calamity, we have had
a great holocaust, and the supposition ia,
Uwt some five hundred human beings
have been sacrificed on its funeral pile,
amid fire and smoke and devouring ruin.
As to the amount of losses that have
been sustained this is all a mailer of mere
gntsss work and conjecture. The fairest
and rk'hest and best portion of the ciiy has
been laid in ashes. The whole are:'-
burned over has been estimated at 4,090
acres, and the aggregate amount of the
losses lias teen placed at $3CO,OO0,G3O by
some of the foremost business men of the
city, while others place it at double that
sum. A sad feature in connection with
this matter is that all the insurance poli
ties covering this vast amount of proper
ty are worthless, or very nearly so, caustd
by the magnitude of the calamity. But
there are a thousand ramifications through
which the effects of this fire must run and
be seriously lilt which to-day are, perhaps,
not thought of. The banks have all been
burned dovru powerful stone vaults,
built for fire-proof, have been bnrsted open
fro ja the intense heat to which they were
subjected; and, may be, in rrany cases,
fdl the paper money collaterals, stocks,
jbonds r ettv contained ia thea aave been
l?.VJ-A HsMJ4ejfcltc;t' oWpalJ,
if such shall be found to be the case The
great storage warehouse near the river on
the WCst fcide ia rermrtorl t. i i
burned with all its contents. All the
grain clevarors on the north side, and one
of tho-clevators belonging to the Illinois
Central Railroad were destroved with
ther coutents. What an amount of col
lateral security was furnished by all these
establishments, on w hich money lias been
loaned by the banks! These securities
tnay nil nave been burned; if not, they
will be made worthless by tile failure of
the Insurance companies. Vast compli
cations and embarrassment must ensue in
a thousand ways. Such an amount of
property can never be annihilated without
such result. As we write great coal
heaps are yet burning hotlv, and all over
the burnt district, amidst the smouldering
ruins of the great buildings, the debris
and half-burned rubbish continues to burn-,
and will likely do so for weeks. During
last night a light rain fell, sufficient, how
ever, to wet the'" roofs of buildings and
other combustible materiel, so that it
gis-es a general feeling of relief, as to the
apprehensions that were felt as to further
conflagrations. Late yesterday afternoon
some fiends, in human shape, were detect
ed in the act of 'setting fire to the dry and
parched prairie to the wiadwaid of the
great mass of buildings yet untouched, on
the "West Side.. These miscreant were
promptly arrested" and" taken to one of
the police stations. There was a strong
feeling in favor of lyneh-law in their
cases.
About 8' o'clock yesterday evening, a
servant girl,', who had been discharged
from service, set fire to a bam on Burn
side street, near Thirtieth. The posse.
turned out en masse and" quickly extin j
guished this fire by tearing the building j
down. It was with difficulty that the
girl was saved from the lynching process,
so excited were the jieople.
But how humanity suffers and must suf
fer in consequence of this visitation. "We
would gladly leave the recital of the har
rowing scenes that are now w itnessed,
particularly on the north side, to other
hands. But charity even requires that
appeal be made for prompt relief. Thou
sands and thousands of women and chil
dren are lying around in that part of the
city without shelter, food, or sufficient
raiment. Many, we understand, lived
through the day yesterday driven from
point to point in keeping out of the way
of the flames, and having no food of any
kind during the day. Let every loaf of
bread be sent that any family can spare
no time to be lost, for thousands of these
people arc, without doubt, in a state bor
dering on actual starvation, in this land
of abundance and plenty.
DETAILS.
The extent of the fire covers 4.000'
acres of ground. At two o'clock in the
afternoon of yesterday, the heat of the
burning below Monroe street was intense,
and added to the flames that everywhere
shot up from the Xicholson pavement,
was stifling in the extreme. The streets
were so hot that a person who had the
hardihood to venture upon them was
obliged to run to prevent burning his feet,
and this must be done without breathing,
as-the air was so torrid as to endansrer
life if taken into the lungs.
TREMOST HOUSE.
Our reporter was on the ground be
tween the Erening Journal office and the
Treinont House, about half past three.
At that point the only w alls that could be
seen standing were the corner walls of
the Court House and when the wind
lifted the smoke the corner walls of the
Post Office and Farwell Hall building, not
a human being was in sight at this point,
audit seemed as if the end of all things
was at hand. The stones in the street
were so hot that no one could stand still
for an instant, and at times the smoke was
blinding, and the wind, like a hot sirocco,
obliged the spectator to cover his face to
preserve his eyes.
Our repcrter went south to "Washing
ton street when he met an old resident of
Chicago who enquired where he was.
And so perfectly were all landmarks
obliterated that it was only by keeping the
closest watch that one was enabled to as
certain his whereabouts.
WASHINGTON STREET WEST.
Down "Washington street towards the
river the scene was appalling and no
w ords can depict the horror of the ap
pearance of the street. The walks were
covered with fallen walls which on both
sides extended to nearly the middle of the
street and iron pillars and posts stood
as blackened monuments to mark the
buried glories of proud Chicago. The
only spot that was not blackened by fire
rs on the southwest corner of LaSalle and
Washington streets, where the Union Na
tional Bank building stood, which was
blown up by order cf Gen. P. H. Sheridan
in the vain hope cf checking the flames.
THE COCKT HOUSE.
The flames shot their fiery tongues
across, in spite of these precautions, and
fastened upon the cupola of the Court
House, and in less than twenty minutes
after the flames touched the bell tower,
the building fell in with a terrible crash
burying in the ruins all the records of
Cook County which are hopelessly lost.
The walls of the old building fell in and
nothing now stands to mark the location
of that building except the four corners of
the wings. It is reported that 73 prison
ers perished in the flames.
LA SALLE STREET.
Standing at the corner of "Washington
street and looking south through the
smoke, glimpses could be caught of two
or three corner walls which were supposed
to be Bryan's block. One of the most
total wrecks in this locality was the Com
mercial building. On the north side no
building was distinguishable, as the
smoke from the burning buildings ewept
across and obscured everything.
STATE STREET.
On Washington east to State street, the
sam scene everywhere presented itself
Field, Lfiiler Co.'s building, as well as
Booksellers' Bow presented a ghastly ap
pearance. These buildings were very or
namental, andwhut little portion of the
walls are standing are sickening to be
hold. The First Nations! Bank building
j and through to the corner of Madison is
not recognizable except to a person who
could find the buildings from knowing of
what they vere lwilt.
LAKE PARK.
was lilted with goods in piles, many of
which were burning being set on fire by
thickly falling sparks. It is said that
John Y. Farwell Co. saved 350,000
worth of goods which are stored in a
chmch on ilibhlgan avenue above the
V.zt
1 1 r ZZZZZ
THE POST OFFIC E..
The Post Office is now on Calumet av
enue near Twenty-seeond street, and the
officials are clo'yig all in their power to ar
range an& aystemize affairs.
THE PRESIDENT
baa-telegraphed to have the people feed at
thecxpense of the government, and three
thousand troops will arrive this aftei noon
to preserve order and prevent loss of life
by lawlessness and violence.
LTSCH-LAW AND REVOLVERS.
Reports are flying thick and fast of the
shooting and hanging of roughs in the
west and south dirisions of the city, for
attempting to set fire to buildings. As
near as our reporter could learn four men
were hanged to lamp-posts, one shot, and
two stabbed in the west division, and two
shot on the south side.
TRACK OF TEE FIRE FIEND.
The track of the fire is from the corner
of Dckovcn and Clinton, east one-half
mock; north one block to Forquer;
thence east to the river thence north to
Polk; thence east across the river to
Clark thence north to Harrison thence
east to the Lake thence north to Lake
Park thence west to the river thence
south along the river to Adams street;
thence wes to Clinton street thence
south to the place of beginning.
EXTORTIONS.
In many instances the charges of ex
pressmen and teamsters were inhuman in
the extreme. Fifty dollars was charged
to take a load of furniture from the North
to "West Sides, and two hundred dollars
was paid to take a load of trunks from the
f aimer House to Cottage Grove. On the
South Side, grocers inspired only by a
beastly greed for gain, charged one dollar
per pound for candles, and other things
were advanced m proportion. In view of
this
THE COMMON COUNCIL
at a meeting held last night passed a res
olution directing the police force to
promptly arrest any merchant or laborer
who should be found charging more for
an article or for labor than he would un
der ordinary circumstances.
SYMPATHISERS
The people of Joliet sent in this morn
ing for the use of the hungry and naked
that throng our streets, three thousand
loaves of bread, and other necessaries.
NEW FIRES
were pet last night in several places on the
side, and one on the corner of Thirtieth
and Butlerfield streets, but were put out
by vigilant citizens, and wherever the in
cendiaries were caught they were shot or
hanged without mercy.
SEAIiCSiXG the ruins,
w i-wjuu ai an cany nour
this morning were pouring into the
burned district from the "West and South,
divisions, and instituted a search for safes
and such articles as had escaped the
flames. Several safes had been recovered
at noon to-day, some of which had pre
served their contents in a tolerably good
condition, while in others they were com
pletely destroyed.
THE LOSS OF LIFE.
It is, at this writing, an absolute impos
sibility to give anything like a correct
estimate of the loss of life in this terrible
sea of flame but were all, from the best
authority we can obtain, of the opinion
that it will reach 1,200 to 1,500. In many
places on the north side the streets are
thickiy strewen with disfigured corpses,
and mutilated beyond recognition. In
some instances, whole bloekd of houses
were surrounded and swallowed up in the j
seething mass of flames, inmates and alj i
together.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Long strings of railroad cars, which
were standing on the tracks, were seen on
fire at different points. Long reaches of
wooden sidewalks were burned. In some
cases, wagons would be loaded with goods
ready to be conveyed to a place of safety
when a burning brand would light on the
contents of the wagon, and all would
quickly be consumed; and so we shall
have incidents by the thousands at fast as
time will allow them to be gathered up.
As we close all is indescribable confusion,
and the fire is still raging over that vast
area of our doomed city.
THE TELEGRAPHS.
All the telegraph offices in the city, are
in ashes and dispatches are being sent to
offices in the suburbs for transmission to
different parts of the state.
THE RAILROADS.
No trains for the South and East are
leaving the city this forenoon, as all the
cars which remained there over Sunday
are consumed. The incoming trains are
all behind time owing to fires raging in
the woods and prairies. The evening
trains will probably start out on time.
WATER AND GAS.
The water and the gas work3, are both
destroyed and probably for some time, the
only supply of the former will be from the
Lake, and a substitute for the latter will
have to be employed.
THE BRIDGES.
All the bridges across the Chicago
River, from Van Buren to the Lake, have
bn burned and the only means of get
ting from one division to the other, is by
the tunnels and the entrance to them are
badly blockaded.
THE NEWSPAPERS.
The newspaper offices have all or near
ly all been swept out of existence, and
their material destroyed, and no papers
have been or will be issued down town
to-day. The Sun, being the only journal
which has escaped the conflagration.
AID FROM MILWAUKEE.
Aid was telegraphed for to Milwaukee
at three o'clock, and a number of fire en
gines were at once sent forward by ex
press. THE BANKS.
The banks have all been destroyed ex
cepting the First National, and the upper
part of that is gutted. The vaults how
ever, are intact.
THE HOTELS
are, in the district from Van Buren street
to the river and from the river to the lake
ail destroyed and the guests have sought
refuge in hotels in other Darts of the city.
From the South Bend Union, Oct. 7.
John Harper, who has been traveling
for the Studebaker firm for the past two
months, met with quite a serious acci
dent one day last week. While lifting
some iron from the train, he received a
severe strain, which has disabled him for
several days. He will be home next Tues
day for a short season of rest" Mr. H. has
been, very successful in his new capacity,
A Crying Sin. Taking the babies to the
For the SepabHcan.
Special Correspondence from
Chicago.
Chicago, Oct. JO, 187L
Fire! fire! unparalleled conflagration
Having been an eye-witness of one of the
greatest and most destructive conflagra
tions ever chronicled,; I thought that a
lew tacts as I saw them, and ideas, might
not be void of interest to the readers of
your paper. We might almost say that
Chicago is of the things that were the
proud and mightyest city pf the West is
in ashes. Never was destruction more
awful or destruction more complete. The
citizens had begun to think, from the
large fires they have had within the past
week, that they were prepared for any
emergency in that line they were becom
ing so used to fires that hey couldlook on
at the destructive element with ease. But
they were little prepared for the visitation
that the city has received within the last
eight hours. Scarcely had the excitement
of the fire of Saturday night abated, when
the fire-bell sounded the awful alarm.
But not at that time, nor until tv o hours
after, did the awful truth dawn upon the
people. Tongue nor pen cannot give an
adequate description of the ruin. No one
can form even a faint idea of the ruined
condition of the city. The fire originated
in a barn near the coruei of Dekovcn and
Jefferson streets. Some of your readers
may better understand, if I say it began a
mile southwest of the Fort Wayne depot,
or a mile southwest of all the business
part of the city. A woman was in a sta
ble, milking a cow that took the liberty of
Kit-King over a lamp. It occurred about
eight or nine o'clock Sunday night. Many
had gone to their much needed rest, after
the excitement of the night before, little
dreaming that they were to be driven out
of house and home, penniless, and perhaps
with nothing save what they had on their
backs, which in many cases w as not a full
suit of clothes, so rapid was the fire in its
onward march northeast, directly towards I
Uie nest part of the city. The lire depart
ment was soon out, hoping to subdue the
raging clement. There was no idea that
it would cross the river, but after a steady,
sure progress of a mile, it leaped several
intervening blocks, crossing away be
yond the river, just to the edge of the
massive buildings and near the gas works,
which were in an incredible short space of
time in a complete blaze. Not long was it
till there came a thunder sound that told
but. too plainly that the gasworks had ex
ploded, from which there shot a blaZe
heavenward which seemed ;u Teach the
very zenith, which, set on fire everything
near. There was, during the whole ni-rht.
j a violent wind, that served to accelerate
the progress of the fire fiend in its work
of destruction. Sparks and burning
brands were carried upward and onward
only to be showered down on distant parts
of the city, to the danger of life, and kind
ling many a new fire. Sparks were car
ried by the wind, not from block to bio. k,
but miles, furnishing a grand though aw
ful panorama, such as none w ill ever wish
to see again. After the fire became so gen
aral, the fire bell was continually rung
with great violence, hoping to awake
those w ho were still asleep. At this time
the excitement became beyond descrip
tion. Crowds would surround the great
blocks that so proudly towered upward
their six and seven stories, and did their
utmost by shouting to arouse those by
whom it was occupied, and immediately
Irom the windows there would be poured
j forth a promiscuous mass ofbeddin" and
clothing, and then the
make th.ir own escape.
xaaiutus vcv.ll
Some of the
more timid, on hearing the din and clatter
below, would hurriedly throw some arti
cle of dress on and rush wildly into the
street, only to turn and see those huge
walls of brick and stone tumble like a toy
house. The court house was among the
first to fall a prey to the destroying de
mon in the quarter of the city in which it
was situated but black volumes of im
penetrable smoke, showers of ashes and
cinders, and a red hot blaze came pouring
down the streets and allies, penetrating
every crack and crevice, and soon another
square would burst out on every side into
a sea of fire. The thieves and blacklegs
quartered in the basement of the court
house were wild with fright, and well they
might be, for how could they hope to es
cape through those bars of iron, which
they had so often tried at their leisure
but bappily for them they were all re
leased, only to ply their old vocation,
and already quite a number have been re
arrested and sent to the new bridewell.
At this stage of affairs, blowing up
buildings was begun, hoping by this des
pcrare means to stay the fire. Charges
of powder were placed beneath churches,
dwellings, saloons, the match applied, and
soon was heard an explosion, then a loir
muffled, rumbling, and all was over, save
that the fire would sweep over them, and
lick up every thing tnat was combustible.
But even these desperate means were fu
tile, and on the fire went eastward, noth
ing stopping it until it reached the rolling
waves of Lake Michigan. Here again the
delusive thought was entertained that the
river would not be crossed a second time
to the North Side. Soon State street
bridge was ablaze, which immediately
communicated to the buildings on the
other side. Then the doom of ihe North
Side stared every one in the face, and it
was said there is no longer room for hope.
This side being built up with wooden
structures, was soon swept over, leaving
it like a naked prairie for three miles,
even to the l.mits of the city. However,
there is left in the middle of this ruinous
waste one solitary house, a dne story
shanty, you might say. It reminds one
of some frail bark far out on the ocean.
How it was spared no one can tell it
seems miraculous. The pen is utterly
powerless in conveying to you an idea of
what has been done. The area burned is
about five square miles. The fire extend
ed over about six miles from north to
south, and east to west the greatest breadth
is about one and a half miles. The de
pots are all burned save the Fort Wayne
and the North Western. All the impor
tant hotels are gone the post-office and
contents the court house and all records
and official papers. But it is needle.38 to
enumerate the important losses on the
North Side, for everything of note is gone
except two buildings. One elevator that
will hold 1,000,000 bushels of wheat, and
a block stands between Market street and
the river. The water works were con
sumed on Monday, cutting off the supply
of water for the engines, and for general
use; and now here is a city of 350,000 in
habitants without water, except that
brought from the lake. Fire engines were
sent m fromidl jinncipal places A3 far as
1 Cincinnati.'-: People
are flocking hero
r
to see while thousands are only too glad
to get away, 'lhe outward trains to-day
have all been crowded It is thought this
conflagration will bankrupt every insur
ance company in the United States. Mon
ey and books in the different safes come
out all right. The loss can never be com
puted, but is immense.
The loss of life is heavy, but cannot be
told. I hear of six children being burned
here, a husband, wife and child there, and
a man in another place, and so on. One
instance I will relate, that of a man who
had carried his household goods far out
from his home which he saw consumed
but before he was aware, he was surround
ed by the fire and could not make his es
cape, as he was almost exhausted, he was
seen to kneel down, clasp his hands and
offer a short prayer and exclaimed, "OA
God hdp me ?iOTr," and even at this very
moment the fire had reached him and he
was seen np more.
Fires are now being started by incendi
aries who are being disposed of, at the
shortest notice, and no less than ten men
have to-day been hung till dead to lamp
posts, and a number shot and still the
work goes on, and now, while I write,
shots are heard at short intervals that
tells the tale that some poor fellow is
hurried off into eternity. The means are
desDcrate. but the end justifies them:
hundreds might be burned up, if they
were allowed to go on in their hellish work.
There are thousands of snecial poliecemen
and watchmen, and not a few soldics, so
there is a poor chance for them to do their
work, and an excellent chance to loose
tneir lives, but I pray they will value their
own lives enough to delist. To see the
homeless, pennyless destitute people, is
heart sickening. One hundred thousand
people have lost their homes and employ
ment. Thousands are sleeping to night
with no covering save the canopy of
Heaven. There are those going around
making inquiries for loved ones missing.
Almost all have their sorrows, few have
escaped. Men that last week had hun
dreds of thousands now have not a
cent. But I advise any of your readers
that wish to know of the ruins as it is to
come and sec it.
Help is being received from every quar
ter. New York raised $1,000,000 In two
hours; St. Louis, $140,000 in a very short
time; Cincinnati has raised $100,000.
Transportation is free to all who wieh
to leave the city. Sec'y. Boutwell says
he will feed the destitute, and the Gov
ernment has given one million dollars to
rebuild the Water Works and the Post
Office. Gen. Sheridan has sent 1,000
army tents, &c,
A. M. Nash.
From Nebraska.
Clarksville. Merrick Co.,
Neb., Oct. 8, 1871.
Ens. Marshall Co. Republican:
Thinking a few items from this part of
the country might be of sqme interest to
your readers, I submit them for the col
umns ofxour paper.
Clarksviile is lacated in Merrick coun
ty, on the W. P. R. li., ISO miles west of
Omaha, and is surrounded by a beautiful,
level rich and fertile country, which is
rapidly seUling up with u pi Oipcrous and i
energetic people. I am informed by a
resident of this place that last March
there were but four houses in sight, now
there are between forty and fifty. At that
time the village consisted of the section
houe now it contains a ven neat school
house, two general jobbing stores, a num
ber of rttidL'i:ces,andahar.dsometitlk'df'
pct, feet.
The government and railroad land with
in four Or five miles of this place has all
been bought up bj individuals, but beyond
that distance there is plenty of land to be
homesttaded or pre empted, which wl.'l
doubtless soon be taken.
If there are any Hoosiers who wish to
secure a piece of laud in this State, the
sooner they cc me the better.
Yours, ic, K. V. Buinkley.
From the South Bend Uuiun, Oct 7:
Elder Jacob Miller, a noted Dunkcr
preacher, residing in German township,
St. Joseph county, Ind., died suddenly on
Sunday morning, September 25th, by ap
oplexy. He was a much noted miuister,
and died in the t'.Oth year of his age, hav
ing been a resident of German township
38 years, and respected by all.
Like a thunderbolt came to us the news
of the death of our old townsman, Rench
Sample, son of the late 8. C. Sample, at
his home in Sacramento, Cal. Rench had
many warm friends in this county, who
will regret to learn of his demise. He was
just in the prime of life, and a man of
great promise.
NUSSBAUM MAYER
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
GROCERS,
ON THE
EAST SIDE OF MICHIGAN ST.
PLYMOUTH, IND
KEEP EVERYTHING OF THE
bet quality in tlieir liue, vliich thev nro-
pf to sell on the most reasouable terms. They
also buy all kinds of
COUNTRY' PRODUCE, HIDES
AND PELTS,
fur which ther wtll pay the hitchest market Mica in
cawh,
i urs bciDg made a specialty at this house, all per
sons who bring thoir Coou, Muskrat, OppoBsum,
Mink, .'tter, uud other Furs, can teel assured that
they will receive the highest cash price.
act lz-mb.
IF YOU WANT
ANYTHING IN TUB
Furniture Line,
ON REASONABLE TERPIS,
GO TO THE GREAT
FURNITURE DEPOT
OP
A, L. ALLMAN 0.,
East Side of Michigan St., Plymouth. Ind.
Coffins and Mctalie Burial Cases
Kept on hand and famished to order, with hearse
if desired, on the maat reasonable terms.
sep2S-Iy
Notice of Assessment.
THE Subscribers to tha capital stock of the
Plymouth, Kankakee and Pacific
Rail Road Company, whose subscriptions
are yet unpaid, are hereby notified that an assess
ment of ten per cent, per month, has been made on
all unpaid subscriptions. The first installment to
be doe and payable to the Treasurer of sud compa
ny, at his office, in tha city of Kankakee, Illinois,
on the 20th day of July, 11)71. and ten per ant ev
er; thirty days thereafter, nntil the entJ.ff anpatd
subscriptions are paid. The subscribers ia JL-diana
may pay ttuir assessments ta the Seen v-- of the
Company, at Plymouth, who mill receipt foe the
same. r
B eidet of the Directors.
Attest," JOHN C. CrBHMAK. Secretary.:
r.j-moutb, Indiana, June 2Ut, 1871. JZ?in6
r,n lain piLlLiM5- S&.-
The engine liu come, and A. Uawley 1ms juol received and added to et cli a large lot or new
Boots, Shoes, Leather, and Boot and Shoe Findings
And there may now be found at his Store
4,000 Pairs of Men's and Women's Boots and Shoes,
2,000 PAIRS OF YOUTHS' AND CHILDREN'S BOOTS AND SHOES.
OF -A-XjUj a-R;ADES -AJSTID PRICES.
From which a selection can be made to suit every body, of every taste whatever, .md of prices rannii
from 2j cents.up to 6, among which may be found the 3
CELEBRATED CUSTOM MADE, PHILADELPHIA. FRENCH HID, SIMdX KID,
and Pebbl e Goat, Lace Bal., for ladies, every pair warranted. Also, the uoled Biocher and Ciilca-r.) Kit) and
Oalf Boot which cannot be excelled for durability.
In fact there never were better inducements offered in Plymouth to buy goods in this line than is now of
ered at the
SIGN OP THE GOLDEN BOOT!
And to this is added a very large lot of Gent3. Cloth, Kid-faced, and Buck Gloves and Mils of avow stvle
and there will be constant additions made from time to time to stock and supply the demand Remember the
place is
No. 10, Golden Boot, West Side Michigan Street, Plymouth, Indiana.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR
THE 1XDIA ATOMS
Weekly Commercial
FOR 1872.
One of the most exciting political cam
paigns which the country has ever passed
through will take place next year. In fact
has already begun, the almost unparallell
ed vindictiveness of the war upon the ad-
ministration, upon the part of the oppo-
sition papers, being caused by the hvlief:
that Grant will again be the Standard
Bearer of the Republican party; and as.
they are undoubtedly correct in this, we I
may as well prepare"to right it out on this
line nil summer and winter too. The na-'
tional campoign will therefore engage the
attention of the country umil November,
1872. Consistent and earnest Republican
papers therefore should be widely circula- I
ted. And in view of the importance of
the contest, the Yvekkly I'ommkkci.vi.
will be sent from the time of making the
subscription to the last of December 187
for ONLY ONE DOLLAR, thus giving
all the remaining numbers of 1S71 as a
premium to each i-ubsciiber. It is a large
thirty-two celum i paper, and contains
more reading matter th in the two dollar
papers have been giving. Ldiioiials on j
the leading questions of the dav. a com-1
plcte record of Indiana news, special de.- j
partments fur the t anner. Horticulturist,
Housekeeper, and late Telesrraph news
from all parts ot the world, make th
Weekly Comukkciai. worth live liute
ito cost to every household.
TITE DKrAIlTMENT OF
Tales and Sketches
Fitted Kith tilt tt ry Lt d Short S?ries,
!V popular feature of the Wkektv
ComsTMU'Ial. Discarding all 'tedious and
extravagant fiction, it aims to get the bct
of short stories, such as interest old and
young alike.
Recognizing the fact that the laborer
is worthy his hire, and wishing to encour
age our friends in getting new subscribers,
we have determined to offer Cash Premi
ums for 172. AVe.will pay to the person
obtaining
Largest Lint for 1872 .$100
For the next Lurgwt Lint 73
For the Third Largest Lit 50
For the Fourth Largest LUt 23
The persons competing for the premi
ums can begin sending the names at once
so that the subscribers can have tiie ad
vantage of the extra numbers of 1871, and
add to the list as fast as they can get the
names.
J2?Speeimen copies sent free.
Address all communications and sub
scriptions to
COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
P. O. Box 358, Indianapolis, Ind.
ZW" The "Daily Commercial" is sent to
any address by mail for only Five Dol
lars a rear
O. IP. KAIIiE
Has just purchased a
NEW STOCK
of the
Best Groceries,
QUEENSWARE,
OROCELER.Y,
And all things pertaining to a No. 1
GROCERY STORE
A specialty made of the best articles of
Tea, Sugar, Coffee, and
Meat.
lie also keeps a
Flour and Feed Store,
To which is attached a pair of
HAY SCALES.
Cash psid for all kinds of
Country Produce,
POULTRY, EGGS, BUTTER, &c.
lie most respectfully invites a share of
public patronage, at S hook's old stand,
One Door South of the Parker House.
Plymouth, Oct. 5, 1871. ly
For your Kid Gloves, Lace Collars,
Sash Ribbons, real Guimpure Lace, and
real Vallenciennes, and general assort
ment of embroideny go to M. Becker
Co. ,,;Tv'
Dropxcy, Kidneys, and all diseases of the Urinary Organ Cured
Cancer Cured. a il iseo .rs of !ht Blood i 'ured
More and In flamed Eyes Cured. V'.d and ihdo'ent Vier Crrcd
Throri Heart Diseases Cured. JJrafnux Cured.
Cat an h Cured. Athr-ta r d.
All Curable. Chronie Diseancs Cured t-y
DOCTOR
1T8ICI
One of the most successful Physicians now iivii' Of
twenty years experience, tenders his Professional
Services to ali those who may require ihem.
OFFICE. NO. 22 COLUMBIA STHBST-
XKARLT OPPOSITE
SI ORGAN 4 BEACH'S HAKDWARE STOKE,
Office Hours from 8 A. M. till 1'2:2 till 5 P.M.;" till KT
3 till 4 P.M. OiisuU.tiioii Tree.
chronic i) i s t: a s i:s
That readily yield to this system of practice, ?.a ad.h.Mor-d hv Jr HtK t n-vv U
enumerated as follow
Partial DcafnaM, .A'oj-v.n ai.d Din-harqe from the Far. P!id-,c'." fn ;,j
Cataract, Sore and Inflamed Fy'es. 'Catarrh. Ayftrnia. lu-ps
J'iIck. Fits, IihcumutUm, Neitrizlriia. Otrnt. and lrteav
of thc Throat, Heart, Liver, .S'omael,. llou i Is and
Jfervc. All Dixeunrx to v hieh F' imtU are
sulijt ct will receier $p rial attention.
Cancer, Scrofula, and a't di
seases of the liiuod.
CONFIDENTIAL 3ASES TREATED SU3CESSF.7LL7.
nngl-vl.
HARDWARE!
BUCK
OEIVERAIi'
.yVo. Michigan t
PLYMOUTH, INDIANA.
WE ARE NO W PRE PA RED TO SHOW YOU
A FULL STOCK OF GOODS IN OUR
LINE, WHICH WILL BE SOLD
LOW FOR CASH. CALL
AND EXAMINE FOR
YOURSELVES.
rn
OJL
Ft. Wayne, Ind,
YU11I!
TOAN,
:DE A1.EISS
IN
BOE