THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1871.
THE RUTLAND HJSRALD
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1871.
A Spurious Aristocracy.
There is a spurious aristocracy preval
ent ia tbelte times for which do admira
tion can be felt. It ia the miscalled aris
tocracy of wealth. Nowhere, probably,
ia the civilized world, is bo much conse
quence attached to wealth as ia this
country. It is too true that a plain re
publican people have a strange propensity
to worship the goldea calf. He is the
best man ia the estimation of many, who
oao count the most dollars. The old ap
opthefrra was, that knowledge is power,
but now wealth is power. Let the con
test be between wealth and talent, and
wealth will carry the day. Talent can
not bay either puff or votes and wealth
can command both. There is no argu
mnt more persuasive than gold. Uenoe
the inaanse ardor with whioh wealth is
pursued as the end of all endeavor.
IInoe the rush, to every new gold field.
"Vf amnion 11 them on;
Marnm n, ths le-mr. ererei spirit that fell
From H-f, fr e'er la Heivea his looks aa J
fouitr
Wr i ys ownwad ben, almirinir more
Te rloha. of H-vi'a ptveme it, tt dden gold.
The i oujht 4-v n holy .e enjujsl
a vision be Iflo."
We would not be understood as joining
la the vulgar hue and cry of the poor
against the rioh. To a certain point the
pursuit is landable and praiseworthy.
But when wealth, or assumed wraith, is
used for the purpose of fl muting and
par ne prood ostentation in living, and to
leave a Jejracey of inevitable ruin to our
children then it is that wealth is made
odious and justify the bitter warfare be-
ginuion to be waged agaiost it. Then
rixes np in the overwrounht heart o'
poverty, the very natural sentiment of
Burns.
"If I'm ''oli?"e yon lorflling'a slave,
Br nature's 1 w rte'nfd
Whv wa an l"rtopotiJen w'sh,
It er liUaud to my mind I"
TM tendency to spurious aristocracy
in our time and land is one that in grow
ing la tbe hearts of the people, who
by some extreme fortune have come into
the sudden possession of wealth, they as
sume to be leaders of communities, and
none have rights but themselves, with
their shoddy assumptions, but these pre
tensions wbea tried by the world's fur
nace turn out but mere dross, and the
spurious aristocracy of wealth becomes
idahd and despisable in the eyes of all
who look upon them, and its underlying
sentiment ia drawflog some classes of
Amerioan society Into mere pigmies.
Our I'nuni Itteu.
Tbore are times when the dullest na
tare can catch a ulimpsq of the feeling
that was In the heart of the Redeemer o
the world, as be sat on the Mount of Ol
ives and looked down on Jerusalem and
wept. There is enough la any communi
ty, which holds no more human beings
than our own village, to oaue tears that
have a very close relationship to those of
Chris. It does uot take an inspirationally
keen vision to wee men deliberately turn
ing their backs, ou tad good which they
mlht easily attain, and going after the
evil whioh they might easily avoid. It If
with a kind of fatulism born of despair
that we sae this in men of ye vs. We so
apt it as something that mut be, and
look upon it as we look upon the exist
ence of evil. Bat when we sve young
men, with every chanoe ia their favor,
turning with an effort from good aad
honor and purity and manl!j: with de
termination, oncosis. Impurity an4 dis
honor an uniuanllness out hearts must
have become very hard not to feel a Sid
neys too deep for words.
It is a strange infatuation and can find
no explanation outride the disease which
affects tbe race, that puts such a pission
Into the hearts of young men for what
f 'jr want of better namo wa mut Call
rowdyism. Ciing out of homes often that
are full of the bust iufluenoos, or at Ion at
where the virtues are fully respected,
there is no original thirst for vice in any
of its forms but as soon as the blood be
gins to run strongly as soon as there is
the first taste of freedom there begins
with so many this fearful inclination to
try one and another form of viae just
beeauae it is vie a.
At first it is not so mnoh vine as mis
chief and wo see all those developements
of noisy and tilausive rowdyism, which
mQt be so lacking in v any inherent at
tractiveness. The charm of thesa. ttiig
soon goes and somothiog that has niort
spice is wanted and pure wickedness
takes their place. The boys thut stand
on our street corners or haunt certain
places, do cot shiver there because they
enjoy it, and beoause they can find no
batter place to atay in. They smoke vile
olgars cot because they erjoy smoking
not for the sake of the tfT-ct of the tobaC'
co. What is it for "Who oan tell
And when a little older, they begin to
order drinks whioh almost strangle them,
and go on sprees whioh consist ia noisy
merriment, in whioh there is no possible
pleasure. What ia ithe inducement Who
can tell It is cot seldom there come be
fore tbelr ryes, instances of,the results of
auoh wretched fully. IIow can one of
these deluded young men, see a cod Armed
dmnkard with his inner misery even
more evident than hi outer wretchedness,
aud not hesitate ia the path, which has no
Other possible end but in such a fate.
Young men who have na hereditary taste
f r aloohol, are creatlog a taste which
will make a slave of them and destroy
every element of true manliness, for no
reason at all, but in conformity to this
b'ind and senseless impulse of rowdyism,
There is co vice which ia co! hatohed out
of thi same serpents egg. If there is one
who ever comes out of thij condition,
Saved s by fire there are hundreds who
are graduated from it into thecltss which
Is a scourge to society. From it com 9 tvf
loafers who are merely a common fpance
aod from it come also the uiea who are
ready for any form of aaoality the piok
pockets and thieves of our cities the
mora aconmplivbed' villains who wear bet
ter clothes and rob the public and display
Vheir thinly veneered vulgarity from
COtchesand behind diamond breast-pins.
It is aaf to predict a future of evil, to
them and to all whom tbey can influence.
To this fate many of our young men
to-day are rnt-bing as fast as the years can
carry them. AU the time there is no
reason why this should be so these same
young men could be useful and happy ia
Other directions are useful and happy
jnst so far as tbey keep away from those
follies wbiob are so soon to become vices.
Can nothing check them ia their sad
Career. Cannot we draw tbem back into
respectability and virtne. O, Jerusalem I
Jerusalem! thou that killest the prophets
and stoueet them that are sent bow of
ten would I hart gathered tiy ohfldren
together, even as a hen gathereth her
chickens under her wing?, aud ye would
not.
1 'I lie Lecend llcauliful.
'.Hadst thou stayed, I must have fled
That U what the viaion said.
In his chamber all alone,
Kneeling on the floor of stone,
Prayed the monk in deep contrition
For hli ains of indecition,
Prayed for greater self-denial,
Ia temptation and in trial
It was noonday by the dia
And tbe monk was all alone.
Suddenly, as If lightened,
An unwonted gplandor brightened
All within him and without him
In that narrow cell of stone
And he saw the blessed vision
Of our Lord, with light Elysiaa
Like a vesture wrapped about him.
Like a garment round him thrown.
Not as crucified and slain,
Not in agonies of pain,
Not with bleeding hand aal feet.
Did the monk his master see
But as in the village street,
In the house or harvest flell,
Halt and lame and blind He healed,
When He walked in Galilee.
In an attitude imploiing,
Hands upon his borom crosed,
Wonlerieg, worshiping, adoring,
Knelt the monk in rapture lost.
Lord, he thought, in haven tha reignest,
Whom am I that thus Thou ?.eignest
To raveat Thyself to me
Who am I, that from the ctvnte
Of Thy glory, Thou should enter
This pour cell, my guest t be
Then amid hU exalta'Soa,
Loud the convent belt appalling,
From tts brlfry eal'ing. catling.
Bang through court and corridor,.
With persistant iteration
He had uevtr heard before.
It was now the appelated hour
When al ke, in shine or shower,.
Winter's cold rr summer's heat,
To the convent p 'rtalg came,
All the b'ind and halt and lame,.
All the b gxars of the street,
For the'r daily dole of fmd
Deal": them by tne brotherhood
And their almoner whs he,
Who upon his bendwd knee,
Wiappad in silent ecstasy
Ofdivin"st self-surrender,.
Saw the vision and th epl?ndor.
Deep distress and bitat'on
Minted with his adoration
Bhoutd he go, or should he stay "I
Shoald ho 'cave the poor to wif
Hungry, at tho convent gate,
Till tho vision passe! away I
Should be s'ight his heaveQly guei
B'ipht this vimtant ce'estiat,
For a crowd of ragged, bestial
Debars tt tne convent gate
W'u'd the vsinn there remain
Would the vitiion ooine again
Then a voice within h's b'east
Wb pared audibly and clear,
Aa if to the outward ear
"Do thv duty that is :tm bas";
Leave unto thy Lord the rest 1"
Straight way to his feot he started;.
And with longing lnofc intent
On the blessed via'a bent,
Blooly from hli cell departs!.
Slowly on his erraod went.
At the gife the poor wer wai'insr-.
Look'ng through the 'rr grating,
W h that terror in tha eye
That i s only wen ir,,th-so
Who, amid the'r w&nta.sod woes.
Hear te s und of do its that closi",
And of feet Vat P'sa hem by
Grown familiar wl h disfavor,
O'owa f am liar with the savor
Of tho- bread by which menle
But to-day tbey know not why.
Like the gate of Taradi-'a
Soemxd the convent gate to rise,,
Lika a saoram-nt cjivine,
Keemed to them the bread and wini".
In his heart th,e monk. was prayings
Thinking r.f the homeless poor,
What tkey suff-r and enlure
"What wo nw ut, wbat we iwe
And the inward voice was saying:
"Whatsoever thing thoa docrt
To to least of mine and lowest.
That thou doe-it unto me I''
Vntc me 1 but had the vision
Come to bim in beggar's clothis.
Come a mendicai t irap'orin,
Would be then have knelt adoring.
Or have lis'ened with d erision.
And have turned away with loathing T;
Tbu his omsrsnce put the question.
Full of tronb'esome suggestion,
As at length, with hurried pace.
Toward his cell he turned his fuc.
And beheld the oonvent br'ght
With a supernatural light,
LiSe a luminous oloud expanding
Over floor and wall and ceiling.
Vut ho paused, wih awe-struck feelinp.
At the threshnll of his door.
For the xiion still was standing
As he Mt it there before.
When the convent bell appalling.
From i's be'fry calling, calling,,
Summoned him to feed the poor.
Through the lon-r hour intervening,
It had waited his re'ura.
And h f-lt his bo-om burn,
romprchenicg all t,he memiag,
When the blP8d vl ion sail,
"Hadn thou staved, I mnt-t have fled V
Henry 11". LcmoftUow in December Atlantic.
Governor Faircfiild's Troclam
ATION. Gov. Fairchild of Wisconsin has
ioaued a proclamation recommending the
observance of Thursday, the 30th es a
day of public thanksgiving, prayor wid
praise, in which he siya: "Although a
wide spraad conflagration in tiio north
western portion of the State has desola
ted many households, brought mourning
to many families, und stripped thousands
of our fellow citizens of nearly all their
worldly wealth, yet the poorest of those
ooifarers have found millions of hearts
thronghout the whole land extending to
them mrst earnest sympathy, and millions
of hands to relieve their wants by liber
al gifts. For God's loving kindness dur
ing the year soon to o'ose, and for this
outporiog of Christian benevolence and
oharity to our ffflicted fellow citizens,
wa should. Recording to the usages of our
fathers, publicly thar.k Him who movfjtj
tbe hearts of men to generous deeds."
Whisky from Garbage. TW dis
tillers in this country are now agitating
the question of the distillation cf (ipiritg
from the garbage of ci'.ljja. Ia this new
process the garbage is gathered from the
bonces of cities, dumped into vats,
boiled, the g rasa's kimyed rff, and the
pulpy .ass fermented 8Ba distilled. A
brywr of garbage yields four gallons of
fproof spirits. Any one who, in bh pere
grinations, Uaa encountered a city swill
cart, an enjoyed its invigorating odor,
must outer upon the consumption of spir
itaao manufactured with peculiar z?st,
TROY.The annooncement by your
correspondent in Wednesday's HERALD
that Mrs. Charles Norton died on the pre
vious night was. incorrect. Although
very ill she is still alive, and her phys-
ctan has not yet abandoned all hope ef
her ultimate recovery.,
Quite a feeling is being created ia. this
city out of the refusal of the manage of
the theatre to admit respectable colored
people to the Parquette and Dress Circle,
and compelling them, if-by r atlend'a
all, to accept the gallery .orthirSHfer:
People generally think that if a colored
man or woman pay bis or her money for a
eertain seat, be ia just as much entitled to
it as a white man would be nnder the
same circumstances, and so think we.
H.
NO. 10
Wltnt a Iflerthants'awol Europe.
Granada, Spain,
Wednesday, March 22, 1871. 5
Dear Ones at Home Since lit writ
ing we have been fairly introduced to
Spain. Much disposed to court her gra
cious favors as we have been, the hwa not
given ns a welcome sufficiently cordial to
allay the trepidation which travelers have
much reason to feel when they penetrate
her mountain reoess9. Were we to pafs
judgement upon the people with whom
we have come in contact, thus early in
our visitation, t'would tax my mind to
cull invectives sufficiently condemnatory.
Monday morning we dropped anchor in
the harbor of Malaga and fully one mile
from shore. The same infesting boatmen
gathered about us, disposed to take ell
that could be exacted in their nefarion
traffic. There is no reason why our ship
should anchor so far away, but these des
peradoes compel it and thus compel us to
their clutches. We each have a hand
valise, and when we have landed proceed
to the custom home. A swarm of foul
looking wretches beset un, some beggiog
a pittance and others anxious to do us
service. Finally we give a few needy look
ing creatures the chance to earn an honet-t
penny. One man to each of our light valises
and we have not proceeded fifty yards
when we perceive that instead of three
men we have fix. As best we can, we toll
them we shall not pay tbe interlopers.
Tia three blocks from the landing to the
hotel, and the pirty of six proceed to our
selected parlor with the luggage. What
fchall we give them I ae-ked of William.
"About two piastres' (40 cent?) he said.
1 tender them that sum which tbey in
dignantly refuse as insulting. Tbe le uler
of the gang scowls molestingly and with
presumption beyond precedent derian.!,
das duros (two dollar. We refuse to
py, and the crowd who were sv.eh auib
like petitioners whan wa first saw them,
are now the assumed masters of th e situa
tion. Threats are made in Spar.ieb, and
we are assured by tho laudl-jrd of the
hotel that he would not dare o interfere.
and we had better get out of. bid j b a"
best we could. I finally gntheia thirty
reals ($1.50 which paotfi-cl bat iy bo
meats satit-fied them. A Gannon gentle
man who had two fellows carry his vulis",
compromised at one dollar and had to
fchow the scoundrels out of his room to
jjet rid of them. They drew a knife to
menace him, and it seems to have left
decidedly unpleasiut reocollectinnr, for
he has kept clear of all dark cornprs, and
assures us he wsnta to leave Malaaa ly
first train.
We vifit Mr. Juan Kreinler, to whom
we have introductory letter, and aro
mast kindly received. He send h;s rUrk
as our guide about tbe city, and we g tor
the monster cathedral whioh in alone uat- f
able for its immensity.lt i s a conglcmora- I
(ion of architecture, constructed in LrjS.fi
The facade is the most aftrp,tjye of anv
of its parts, con-isting as it d nf t
tiers of Corinthian marb'e cnlnmnx. We(!
do not feel in the spirit of Mjrht seeing, 'i
and return to our hotel where we me-t tj
the Frenchman referred to i i a recent !et-,
from Tangier. I invite him to our pr-O
lor, whero he meets tho Grmin gentl -f
man, but prefers not to speak to him,
bitter is his hatred of the Germans. Wrtt
are not a little su'prid upon fortiier 1
qnaiutar.ee to learn that the cadnverou. fj
wpecimen ia a
caaract-er no onor mart i.
Earnest Railan, seoretary of Vha pcovi--(,
4onal irovernrcont at Bardean. The O 1
ui

raris ty tho violent ana enraged e rwh-
men. We hnd him quite a nlturft tfl
lo or. with more hrain than ienrt. "Fiei-nh
iu v wiL& lit' in .'iciu -jt.i.
is his name, and since he ppaks SnaTitsh, j
we welcome him as our cornrwiJT'n iaj
Granada. Tuesday mornrng w nr.- pj
with tho Rna snddpait from IIWi lv
thn Frfneh built ratiwHV. htr.s t Rnti.
vtr- it o r.. ,.v j

the garden of bpe.m.
The Moors who so long Udd po ;-s.itin
liere ore suid to have pro:o(inel Andi
lusi a ppot dropped frrm Hr'ftv-ri which
goes far to provs their lively sem of ap
preciation. The valley wo trav erne 1 is
prodigal with varied verdure. Whent
fields almof-t ready for th ha rvester's
sickle; orchards feeding tfca jf ye with
beauty and scenting tha air with tropVul
blossoms; the oraagw burdent s! t fees, tl e
aloe, palm Bnd t.A prit-kry p"ir Lim
pid meanderics streams j-nrify th pic
ture, crmpleted by a verdardM i ntsvm
raetrical outline of m'ghty i pith Ne
vadaa which fraro'a it tnaaaivufy.. Wo seo
no growing corr cr oats kbA but little
barley. At tb'e various pbitirrng wn t rry
a few mom'ats, nnd never f.ii I to sue a
swarm of thoso hungry 1 ttwoj i cormor
ants who live .y cxactior. 'Tim -eff-ants,
even thtie who work ir .the fi dds,
have V.-ith thijni pistol, kntfu l d gun
tbia 'jardly deeds comment th? necessity
is t'je occas:a. It is not a land of peace
we are traveling. Armed eotdre-i on our
train and we observe them on otlni r trains
which p'ss us, whilo more are toi be seen
(always ia pairi-) at each et atria. After
an hou r's ride we mike a gra3a4 ascent
of tb mountains, und rxw t rossing
iron "btidges, gaze to dizzy depths
belo-tf. Now comes a euceossl on of
thirteen, great tunnel undci the
lofty lAoimtains. Crossitw the bsm
fr jm oaa mountain to anoneer wt catch
a gliinrs ef their wild nl ragget cav
erns. 'Tia a novel ridv I assure you We
are really crosing irom mountaia' ti
mountain, and at an altitude most surf 'ris
ing. Wa cannot wonder that railway
travel In Spain is 8i expensive with su h
barriers to bo eusmounted and such ire -pediments
to be. arveroome. We pay $G 0V
Spanish gold from Maliga to Granada
and kre not disposed to grumble when we
are told this line of rail cost 260,00: 1,003
reals, er, 40,000,000 Spanish gold dollars.
The in veteaent sunsly cannot borenumer
ative. At BciiadiHa, we change cars and break
fast ao&ong the mountalus. New wa are
off fceaio. passing great orchards of olives
literally covering thn sogar-laaf Mils.
TJiey call to my mind that Mou t of Ol
ives over which the Savior so of tenr. wearily
troi to and from Jerusalem to JBethany.
But there is no Garden of Getheemone in
Spain, neither tie spirit, of it. At Archi
dona etation we take the di'i ince, (a
Spanish stage Cioaeh) drawn by nin e mules,
and preceded by several of tbw same
kindlnving a great ciloud of eVtist be
hfncT.weiifO rattliog through the valley and
np tha hill where rests -the city of Archi-
dona. Th natives allenem on the street
and the a warm of beggars have hiwalded
our approach. We puss many loaea
whose eon it ia the Tear with playing
fountains and gardens redtolent with tbe
the sweet perfume of fn lgrant flowers tell
that Span iard9 have slightly redeeming
character jetics, No plates on. massive
door, but a snanty court entered from
toe sireet and paved with green tinted
ntoDs set ia cement, which are bo ar
ranged us ti give the name of the ocon
pant of tbe domicile, the year in which
his bou8e waa built, and to decorate util
ity with a flower or an eagle. Wefiodthis
custom very common in Spain, and unlike
anything we everawin America.
We halt t) water our mules and all at
o3fe the coaches ar thronged about with
piteoosly pleading beggars of all ages,
sexes and conditions, and generally nau
seating to behold. An old man we saw
here was certainly one among the most
repulsive creatures I ever beheld.' I shall
remember his miserly wrinkled face, dis
heveled hair, sutbea light gray eyes, and
tottering distort' d frame for many a day.
Off w a go sgaio, and one of our passen-
ei s throws away the stump of a smoked
oi; ir. An half rioZ'ii stamper for it, but
a Jirtt y facad, cl eanly dres-ed wom-m 8
cures tbe oriz. She hastens to Ler ex
pect nt boy of alwut six summers, and
ths last seen of t'e party yoong Epanol
wa whiffiag aw iv for dear life. What
won't a mother d o for her darling Mis'
guided love will cfteotimes control better
judgment. In a eload. of dust at 4 p. m.,
we approached i Oar mules climb
most persistently under the driver's vo
ciferous shout of O ho 1 Arab I Tz
lTw and now we look down upon the
valley, a pcene of xceadinir beauty. The
beggar it fiiction is repeated. "Seniorita
Much!' bus become sickening to our
wearied ears. The presentation of man
gled "hands, lepr-ous sores, doleful couc'
teoancea &nd whining tones, vve tiRve
read and we have' heard much of Italian
ra iary but think it cannot equal tbie,
With W'int'roiis dexterity of movement
w t'irn he sharp ttrect corners, and out
thi city over the plain our mules on a
tup. At the rtitinr, while waiting for
ton ears an attempt to swindle U3 was
nr.tbiog ehort of bare-faced rascality. The
.t iti n agert, wish his bade of (ffioe on
rii nn. fm to oar trio avd offered ns
at two dolUra ech fr8i tickets t Gran
ad. We exhibited our coupon tickets
bonghfc at Malaga, ha took them, threw
thorn to the y-rouo-1 ;nd tred fiera 'under
fort. Then bp insisted with half menac
ing tone that we buy t'.kets. Oar Gar
man friend, whi oatu t ua at an oppor
til-is momen. introli''y to'"l him that he
wis a rtfrnpHbln thief and to rid us of
hiprr8cce. He finally returned to us
r!iMv exnhxoing freh tickets for our
coupon with B'i addition .1 ch rg9, b
ti thank hira. One swindle
tb Jbkh, hut we hvfl lo-st f iith in every
per-on and nil thins'. Of one thing we
arft fully convince, id has bonntiul'y
Wpsxrd Andalcsti w;th exceeding beni'y
and richness of nitril nature, but hft)
'r.an1 Hwith H Mm Wld.H V ftt VatimCC
wjch jy 0ye. At 9 p. m. we arrive f t
Qr4nH( Hnd RTo rapt at the station by an
fit1tr-,;ah sooakiog triide who tel'a un that
Mr Kreihr announced onr coming hy
our tm. n l th best rooms of the
i WH-j1j1tI1 Irving hotel are w-titing u
y., pj,, r0m4 v-ry haudomi and
rfl oniv toi trial I aoc-vt the houtinl
qujet Hll! hme lilce ca-mf.rt they offjr us.
j n. n.
I!Y AMY RANDOT.IMI.

lrH,i, -V ,t a new tin in
ttH no,1M Hnd th rnl!ii'er wor
tror tn a
tie!', Ht,d a bole rtwht thronjh the hn't m
f Tf e .1 i-h n .n. T' Uike to know if t,:in
lMnev tr.i-.k-. isi-Pn irrowon hur.e-.
And h evorh-s'in old rlea ot riorerty it
h irn f )p 0nt d.n't h'lieve hut
u,.. i mDT hid away pome
,i--SJ T,T :n-n-lvs always had the
w 'Iri 'iir a,.''i'".t
iv-nr' o'bjin' a dread
Rut I jri.'i havp a nw
(Jtul miseriy iriw
w dish-nn. rr I'll
v it at" toruiilg the blooked
i mj,,,.. (,f Hn emorire' cy is provrMal
In Trs Tf .u-c'v w i nt long in fir;d:ng
r wnv cm of th dihmms.
iri,.,.'a r,em o d nil Uts un garret that
i E tnnrhpr; ph thought,
semiring xwav nt. tho riefrtctive par, with
ll Th rni-ht and tn-'T of a wll-trfind
Nfts- K-.v-l md -rm. 'I meant to a-ginVm
to PfVpl b'it sine sbe'n up and married
ty.ui poor s'ick i f a miller, I don't care
whether r e has Vin or not, more 'special-
iy a they'ra chor-k fu'.l o' months. I
rinr-ed nnn on Vm open t'other dy, to
fa .thers for the settin'-room chair
cnhiof. but I sewed it no again pretty
rinw'-k when I se what was lnnrte on t
I'll treii thtrn nil'ors oft' to tio peddler.
T ot. JVn h id a BTtlii" Rgin the whole
r-.ee f pt-ddlers, r sinr-e .Tt-throT.it
sold rr-e a brocm that fe!l to splints tbe
firttimel undertook to sweep the car
not with ir. I only wi-h Vhy, bles
mv stinl. if there au't Jt-thro now A'id
h'a drivin' by, eiv-1 as ..ny coweumbcr
TTnllow. von 1 IIa-a-y
As Mrs. Mutely lifted up her shrill
voi. e on the sunny au'nrnn air, waving
her dish.-doth' high above her bead, the
oerlowlad wagon of tins, brooms, pails,
mats and ott-er numbi-rleM et cetera,
ciTn to a lumbering stop.
Wrtl. I declare cried .T-thro Tait, with
wnM-simulated snrprise, f 'tan't Mis'
Monselv And I whs a drivin' ly in a
brown study. Wal. I never Naythinsr
I can sarve ye with to-day i
In tho instant in which Jhro Tait
w;nd his forehead with n sorlet co'ton
pooket-h indkerchief. Mrs. Mousely had
reg-dved on her taeti -s. She would ignore
the brooio entirely. To insure i-torv
abemnstb' cool and cautious, aid she
felt that she could not trust herself on the
wore sntif t
WhII. yes. thern is,' said she. 'Ivo been
W-mtiri' a new dish-pan.'
'Lots on 'em.' said Mr. Tait, briskly,
with a sudden movement of pome biddon
ropn or brace, which brought a glittering
multituie of tin puna around his raet on
tb sreen turf. 'Cheap, too. dirt eheap
I have no money.' said Mrs. Mousely,
'I was sort o clcolatii' on a trade.'
All the sarn,' said Mr. Txit, emoothly,
'I don't ginerally do business that way,
bat I ftlwxya liko to ohleege n old friend.'
Mrs. Mousely smothered a snort of con
temptuous derision into a cougb, and
went up garret after the two condemned
pillows which baa beiongei to cer bus
band's mother.
Real nice feather pillers," gaid she,
with a tap on the ticking. 'Only my beds
ia all supplied, aud I ha'u't no need for
anv more.
What'll h tk for Vm demanded
Jet.hro. pn-ning profit afar off.
Well, I don't fairly know what they're
wutb, only I wanted a dish pan. and a
oullender, and a new steamer Monaely
he will havethn yogetables all steamed
and a door mat.' Mr. Tait, listened to the
enumeration with his head meditatively
on one side.
The feathers ain't worth that,' eaid he.
Feathers ia dreadful low, ja-jt now, in
th market.'
'Jnst as yon choose,' said M. Mons'ftly,
beginning to bundle np her pillows again,
'There is thee good pounds of them,
and'
Now, now!' interposed Jethro, with
an eilv persuasi venesa of ton and man
ner. 'You always waa a quiek, M".
Mouseley. Yon did not wait to hear me
ont. I wa goia' t say, seein' 'tw-8 you
I wouldn't lt a door mat stand ia the
way of a trsda. I'm clear out of cullen
der, but I've a nice article of a wire
glev
'Well,' said Mrs. Mousely, trembling
all over with inward delight of having
overreached tbe peddler. 'But yon 11
hev to be quick, Jftbro, for its gettia on
towards noon, and my men f-dka it
dreadful sharp set when they come in
from the basking field.'
Th'i bargain was consummated with
promptitude accordingly, and when E'an
Mousely came in to his noonday meal be
found his shrewd better half rejoicing in
soul.
'I see him grin when he druv away.
said Mrs. M. I reckon he will grin out
of the other side of his mouth when he
finds what'a in them feat hern.'
What feathers?' sai.'. Mr. Mousely,
suddenly starting from a sort of brown
study.
If that aint jm-t liae you, .blam,' said
Mrs. Mousely, in an aggrieved tone f
voice. You halu t paid no attention to a
word I ve said.
And fbe rapeated tbe tal3 of how she
hadoutwltid Jethro Tait in the morn
ing's trade,
You Rold them pillers to a peddler
thundered Eiam, hia sunburnt face glow
inir into a dull mahogany color.
Tbey was full of moth.'began Mrs. M
'and
Moth 1 echoed Elam. 'And what else
was that full of Woman, what have you
done? All my ten years' savin's was
sewed np in them pillers.
Mrs. Mousely's countenance fell.
'Ltnd'asake alive, Elam! wby didn't
von tell
Elam Mousely's face fell hsavily into
his bauds,
I thought I'd found one place in the
world whero you wouldn't come pryin'
and peepin',' bo moaned 'and now it's
gone all gone
Mrs. Mousely burst into tears of ming
led mortification and anger,
And it serves you right for not tellin'
your wife you hid money laid np!' she
sohhfid.
Was she altogether in tho wrong
Etam started up, choking down a hoarse
expomt'on.
I'll fiod tho sro'indrel!' ho exeUimed
I'U find him before night, if I have to
tramp over half the country
in bost Lock fr tha outgoing
and incoming of the wind trace tho bid
ing pl-'ee of coniea among the ro'ks, or
oagles in the, mountain heights, but seek
i-ot to follow tho sinuous footsteps of a
Yankes peddlar! Jethro Tait certainly
hnd not ascended into the heavens, neith
er was it likely that be had sunk into a
erevico of tha eart but sure it was that
ho had disappeared, and with bim the
moth-eaten father pillow which emolm
pd the leather cas.i containing Elam
Mnuely'8 two hundred dollars.
Tho snow lay on tho ground that win
ter, when Rachel Dorrnc", Mr. Mouse
ly' younger sister, drove nero8 the coun
try, with the reins in ona nana ana
baby supporte-1 in the hallow of the oth
er arm. Mrs. Mon-ely received her rath
er nngraeion-dy, for Riehel had not suit
thj fami'v ideas whn she married
Mark D irranoe the miller, instoid of Har
rison Grw tho liwyer's clerk. But
Rachel came in, fresh-faced and blooming
hs rose.
'3ma t ni",' sid Mrs. Mousely,
'you've got a n-w etittir.
Ys,' said Mrs. D. irranoe, n'-ti- ing her
bv's hood rihbona, and smoothing its
flisi-y hair, 'it is new.'
'And a fine grey horce.' said Mri
Mo"9-ly, RiU eying the dabbing lit'lf
oninsgont of the window. 'Mark ruU"t
be Hnin' wt-11.
'01,' said Mrs. T).)rranee dimpling nn
smi'iig. ihat was my Christm-s preseut
to M-rk.
Eb sii l Mrs. Mou-ly inerrog- t've-'f-
'I'll tell you nil Khr.ut it,' said R-iel
You see, I'd bopn trying to save up a I t
tlo money to fiirni-ih a spire bed and v
'in neddl'T oame along with a pair he
-ai'l h would sell ehe-p for old rags
Aod rlon't you hplieve.af'er the r.i-c wa
ton mi's away. I opened the pillows to
nut th f-tera into new tirks p.cil thy
were full of rr o bs
M-rey upori n- cried Mr". Mousfly,
elevating both her hands
I waa ins going to burn tV-m.' went
on TlAO.h-l 'when I f-U something flt
unii harl lik booV onvfr in the roifidl
of one Kill wnat shouM it he ti'it a M'f
eontaining two hnndrd dtilUrs Wrll.
yon niny gu,cs how Fii"-pripd wo vorp.
and bow pl-H8"1. lit. t BI irk s-tid i
wouldn't he right t k-f-p it, and so w
sdvortisod it for a mnth in the p-tpn'
hero T.Trs Mousely ifHve a low gro ta to
rnnmhpr how Elm h-id stopoi'd th
nomtry p ipr out of economy 'hnt r.o-
body came f-irw rd wno C mil r.lnirn or
identify it. so Mark said fin lings was
keepings, and gave it to n.e, and I bonht
the horse and cutter with it, and that's
th way wa comi to be so fine.'
'It's ours crid Mrs. M-'us-dy liyst-ric-
ally, end thn sho told thi tah. of her bar
gin with Jethro Tait.
R chel look-d rather discnn.fiie,d.
Well," she hesitated, I suoposo j!
wocl-in t be rt;zht to fepep it, nnd -r a'l ttie
,iroumi.t inoes. S i if you'll tivo me bacit
what I paid the pd iler, and the adver
tising money
S) Mrs. Mousely bmiiht b .ck her fea
ther pillows m the sh tpe of a hors and
cutter. E!ira said 'that wis h-tter than
nothing.' Mrk Dorrance, who had 8
sturdy originality of his own, snid 'it
serve! Etam's wifn right, f,-,r trying to
cheat a man who was a bigger run si than
sh know how to ba.'
Mrs Mousely declared 'i-ho would never
hve anything to do with a peddler again
Rnd Rachel invested her f-i-ter-in-law's
rsnsom money in a p-iir of gorgeons
qnare pillows, and ws the bc-t .--nitcd of
tbe party.
And Jethro Thi-, cotjgratnlating him
self on how t-killfully ho hd got "ihtm
moth-eaten old-pillers IT hi- hand-, toriV
particularly good care to nvoii for the
future tha route thst le I past the house
of Mark Dorrance.
Nt-lcctlons.
It takes all our learning to be.imp!o
Arrhbishep U-her.
Idleness is the bine, the moth, tl e
gangrene, the curro of II
Intensive life can only be purchased
at the cost of extensive lite.
The finest characteristic of modern
art is its sympathy. Ruskin.
"Truth is as iinpos-dbla to be soiled
by any outward touch as tha sunbeam.
Wit resembles a coquette those who
the most eagerly run aft6r it are tbe least
favored.
Sincerity is an excellent instrument
for the speedy dispatcb of business. Til
lotson. Let every minister, while ha is preach
ing, remember that God makes one of his
hearers.
The human sou', like the water of
the salt sea, becomes fresh and sweet in
rising to the sky.
Payson says: "When wo meet in
heaven we shall see bow little we knew
about it on earth."
Regard not dreams, (ince they are
the images cf our hopes and fears.
Cato.
Tbey are never elone that are accom
panied with noble thoughts. Sidney
The poorest education that teaches
self control, is better than the best that
neglects it.
A slowness to applaud betrays a cold
temper and au envious spirit. Hannah
More.
Spare no pains in beautifying your
homes and improving the roads that lead
to them.
Some hooka are to be tasted, others
to be swallowed and some few to be
chewed and digested. Bacon.
How is it possible that mankind will
take advice when they will not so much
as take warning. Swift.
Beethoven said of Plutarch that his
writings had led him through many a
soul fight to the rest of resignation.
A good book ia the preomu life-
blood of a master spirit embalmed and
treasured np on purpose to a life beyond
life.
Harmless mirth is the btst cordial
against consumption of the spirits; where
fore jeeting is not unlawful, if it trespaa-
seth not in quantity. t aller.
-Every act of sin is more injurious to
him who commits it than it can possibly
be to any other who suffers by it but it
will return into the conscience and per
form a strange work there.
Be no imi'ator freshly act thy part
Tnro' this world taou an independent ran
ger; Better la the faith tliat gpringeth from tby heart,
Than a better faith belonging to a atranger.
The teacher is the pastor of a little
flock the converted scholar is his charge
an overseer, a shepherd, he should keep
his eye out over his charge, even as a
shepherd watches his eheep, the overseer
bis men.
The feature wbicih distinguishes man
from other animals is that be is able to
observe and discover those laws which are
of such mighty moment to him, and di
rect, his conduct in conformity with them.
Froude.
Like a morning dream life becomes
more and more bright tbe longer we live,
and the reason of everything becomes
more clear. What has puzzled ns betore
seems less, mysterious, and tne crooxea
paths look straighter as we approach the
end. Richtcr,
Ileligious Intelligence.
BAPTIST.
Kev. Mr. Talmer, recently of Newton Theo
logical e'eminary, la supp'ying tha Biptiat church
at Wtst WatuVbiro.
Eev. Lueien Ilayden, D, D., formerly of Sax-
ton's Kiver, is now principal of the Indianipolis
(Indiana) Female Institute. He recently preached
a seriiiOQ at the Biptiat anniversaries in that
S'a'e, upoa the "Elements of Buocees in the
Apo-tto'ic Labura."
The Free Will Bip'isU ia Htarkaboro are
having a great revival, "5 having recantly pro
tossed religion, of w;--im 35 have been baptized.
Rev. Amos B tardman has been engaged to
suppty the pu'pit of the Baptist church in Hard
wick far six months.
An able and interesting article entitled
"Christianity and th' Christian Scrptures." from
tbe pea of Rev. John G tadby, D. D-, of Poultney,
aopcari in this week's Boston Watchman and
Ufyiii-'r.
CONOBEGATIOifAI,,
Jlr. n. M. Tenney preached at Salisbury in
the abenoe of Mr, W. H. Utley. Ila m-t with
nuf-h unuiual fav r with the paopte tha t they are
deairo'is of hearing him again.
Rev, Charles C. Parker. D. D., of Oorham
M-.ine, f Tnierly of th's fcta'e, has received a
unanimou-i call from the Second Fresh vt-rian
church in Hauaver, New Jt -ey. He haa also re
ceived a ci'l fr u th) Congregational Church,
Orient, Long Island.
Rev. 11. 8, Adams has been called to the pas
torate of the Congr-'gitional chu-ch at Cabot.
At Lyndon villa a Gothic wooden Congrega
tional church ha been raised, to cost $12,0. 0.
Rv. E H Byington, formerly of Windsor,
nranhd he annual sermon at the Cumberland
(Maine) Association.
A now Congregation 'd church is to; be built
at Qut chee.
At Weill River, at thi !ait communion, six
n;w m-mbers wtra received.
A deep rlijriom foelin? prevails in the
church recict'y organized at East Braintree on
Af.r the care of Mr. A. T. Reed of the New Haven
Tt-eo'ogitml Seminary.
Cev. E. E. Lewis of Bthl scps the call to
Haddan, Cmn., at a sa'ary of t;c(K per annum.
EriscorALi
Th General Conv-ntmn has, through the
Lord Bit-hop of 1 ichfl-ld, requested the English
Kishopsand Clergy to give eomm-nditory letters
to emigrants c ining to the United States, gi as
to innure their better c ire, temporal and cplritual
on their arrival. An excellent p'an.
The Central Conv- ction has sent an addre'S
ofympa"hy ant oongr-itulation to the now dis-e-tab',il-e1
church in Ireland.
The rewvil of the p-imiiveorler of Readers,
to up;l mant cl,-riel in nist'a'ions. M pro
p teed, an-, if we mls'akf not, eudoiaed by canon
at tbe list Gentrd Convention.
Fi.hop Ke'wyn, ef En'a-!d. has sin-e the
Gentril Convention, visH-'d, an! preached in
d ff-rent farts of the coun'ry, and he and h's
cWgy hava r-eei most coriilly received. He
pr-iched on Oct. 31st, and Nov. lt, (411 Sain's'
d;iy at Cbaruplain, and Rouse's Point, N. Y.,
where Bi hop Doane hell an ordination. Afire
well br-akf st was given him on Nov. 11th, at
Dlmonio-Vg New York, where some two hundred
clerirf.1 anil lay suosts were present and adrires-es
wt re mate by himself, Bhop Totter and Oden-
h?'mur, the He. Dr. LeeJs. and General Dix.
A supprb Alms B-isin in memory of his visit and
at a t-ken of the iot-rcommnnion between the
English and American churches, is soon to f dlow
h m to Kngiand to be consigned to the cire of
Archbishop of Ctnterb iry.
Bishop Sevens, Pennsylvania, has gone to
Europe to suptrvice the churches of our com
muni'in in I'a'v. Fiance, atd Germany. This
he des, by sn arrangement of the General Con-vt-nt
on, aad by assignment of the presiding
Bish.-p.
On Nov. '.i'h, Ilarrioburg, Penn., the Rev. M.
A. De AVo'f Boie, D. D of rhiladelphii, was
chosen tha first Bishop of the new Diocse of Cen
tral P-rnsylvania. Dr. nowa was chairman of
the Bymr.itl Committee on ihe part of the Lower
House f the late General Convention. Much
harmony and chrlstitn sp-iit prevailed at the
Htniiburgh Conventioa, which augurs well for
th- new Diocese.
LtnEBAL caawiiAX.
The Universalist church at Meriden, Conn.,
wai organized miny years ago by Eev. J. H.
Karnswurth, now fpringfield, Vt.
A L'niver?al s Conference was held at South
Wood -tock, Nov. H'.h and 15th. Sermons were
delivered by Rev. J. H. Farnanorth, Rev. E. 8.
Foster and Rev. E. Hewett.
The fall term of the Green MounUin Ter-
kins' Institute, at Sou'.h Woodstock, closed, Nov.
15th.
The Postou I'tdnrsalui' of this week contains
an able ar'lele on "science and Religion," fjom
the peuot Rsv. W. 8. Balch, lormer y of Ludlow.
The ITniversa ist church at Brat'leboro has
recently been repaired, and a handsome pulpit
has been presented by Sewell Morse, Esq.
WETIIODIST.
T;cv. R. H. Howard, of Broekfield, Mas
formerly of thi State, was among the speaker
at the eixth union service of tbe Boston Young
Mens Christian Association, commending the as
sociation as a valuable shelter.
Rev. Israel Luce, (Methodist) formerly of Bt.
Johnsbury.was one of the speakers at the annual
meetirgof the Portland, Maine, Young Mens'
Christmas As-sodatlon.
rrof. C. W. Wilder of the Vermont Confer
ference Seminary was among the speakers at the
late New England (Methodic!) Educational Con
vention, The Melhodist church at Bt. Juhasbury Cen
ter was redodioatel on.tl)a 6th. Nov.
CATHOLIC.
The Irish Catholics of Winooski he'd a suc
cessful fair this week.
The Catholics of Fandy Hill, N. Y., have
raisel $225 for the Chicago Ca.holic churches.
GKNE1A.L.
Rev. Htmy R. Waite, a recent graduate of
Hamilton o lose, and editor of the well known
Carmian CoUegictisla, haa railed for Europe on
several commia-ion, one of which is to put into
practical operation Elihu Buxriit's p'an f v an m-
tamational pu'pit exchange. It is proposed to
arrange in both conntrie a system by .which the
c ergvmen of either may travel to and .a'-out the
other at reduced rates.stopping at a specified place
each Sunday to fill a fulpit male vacant on the
came plan.
Tub British Provinces. The cenan.
returns for 1871 of the Dominion of Can a.
day, shows that the total population of
the Dominion is 3,494.924 an a vara
increase of about 121 per cent sinca 1RR1
The present population of Ontario is 1
0,03 ot mebec, 1,190,505; of New
Brunswick, 285.777 and of Nora rwn
387,800. the preentaire of innro... l
the last ten years ia: Ontario, 16 1-10
Quebec, 7 1-5; New Brunswick. IS 11
Nova Scotia, 17 1-5.
PnnTTORBVILLE. Last 8bhath thi
Rey. Mr. Cushman from West m, on ex
change w th the T-r. Mr. Buswell uc
cuDied the desk at tbe M- tScdist churob.
and conducted the religious service in a
most devout and impressive manner, ce
livering two iLtrestlrjg and instructive
discourses.
The heavy fall of enow has left
us,
and street t;ams wag-on their way as
in
early autumn.
The Kev. L. H. Stone of Castleton,
agent for the State Temperance Society,
delivered an able and appreciated lect
ore
on the subject of temperance, ai
Methodist church, on tbe evening of
25tb.
the
the
The trustees of tbe Proctorsvi
lie
Library, have made an addition of fotry
volumns of choice selestions to that
Library.
Ex Governor Fletcher, has jast re
ceived a dispatch from Towohend, coo-
vevinc the sad intelligence that
brother, the Rev. Dr. Horace Fletcher,
lies at the point of death.
Joseph Athcrton has opened a n
ew
meat market under Tripps hotel, and
F.
C. Paff Is always on hand to Wait on cus
tomers therein.
At the auction sale of Edward
Fletcher's estate last week, bay sold at
from $15 to $24 psr ton. Straw at $11
to $13 per ton. O. T. ITowe of Ludlow,
was auctioneer, and is one of the most
capable and successful public salesmen in
in the country.
Mr. Zphniah K. Ordway, one of onr
oldeat and best citizens, has been for sev
eral weeks ill, and is gaining in teilth,
but too slowly.
To tbe question "Did it pay," asked
of our people who chartered a spctl trai
to co to Rutland to hear John B G nl
the rerjlv is Yes. aood seats at the Opera
Ilouse, and courteous treatment by Rut
land citizens and the railroad ofaeia
and such an entertainment as G ingh alone
can give decided that question very sM
factorily. Jamca Fitton. E-q., the fir
projector of the excursion is entitled to,
and receives the thanks of those accom
modated by the enterprise.
Vergenses. The steamer Curlew
made her last trip for tho season on Fri
day last.
Thanksgiving will be celebrated by
a calioo dress party at School House Hall
The winter term of the a-radei school
commenced on Mondiy the 12tb, with
full attendance.
E. Wheeler has furnished a room as
a butter market in the basement of Geo.
Griswold's grocery on Green street.
Mrs. Huldah Stronpr has fold her lot
oa Green street to Mrs. E. H. Dao;eV
who proposes to erect a dwellipg upon it
immediately.
Mr. H. Rollin, whose health is mucb
imp tired by our caprioioua weather god,
ia about to remove, with bis family, to
Poplar Monnt, Greenville courty, Va.
Captin X. Crane, of the C irlew, ha
returned to his cfBnal duties at Wsh
ing'on. He has proved a enf-i and csrf-
ful ofHcer during the season of navitior
and by bis courtesy and jrentlemsnly de
portment has won the good will of all-
Butter looked up a trifle cn Saturday
last, commanding: from 20 to o'-i cents;
cheese 10 to 13 cents chickens 14 cents
turkeys 15 cnts eai 2 cents, aim
hnyer paid 30 centa pr dozen. Oa Tue
day,12.C10 pounds of hrfer were phippor'
from tbia etation 4.6C5 poonds of cheee
and one barrel of pffijs. Pork ia eellioy
for $5 and $5 75 per hundred. E'tiht car
loads of stock left here for market the
20th inst.
Three Fires Robert Mastcrton's
brewery at West Brattlboro was pretty
much used up by fire, Friday nijrhf, but a
bale of hop, several barrels of ale and all
the contents of the vaults and basemen1
of tbe building were saved injured for
$3000 in the JLn of Hartford.
Jam' s Ferriter's bouse, on Clark st..
Brattleboro, was burned, Saturday tiubt.
the fire taking in the kitchen. Tbe ad
joining barn and Tj of a honso reloapirjv
to the estate of Samuel R ot wt-rs dam
aged to the extent cf several hundred dol
lars by the same fire.
Fire was discovered ia a b.)x of t-hav-inirs
in a shed attiched to the honse if TJ.
Sikes, on Main street, Bratthbiro, oi
Monday niKht.but wes r xtinuirhed with
slight damage.
SALEM, N. Y. Prof. S. C. Chand'er of
Middlebury college, is delivering a course
of geological lecture- to eur people.
There sre fiva churches in this vil
age two Presbytorian, a Methodist, a
Catholic and an Episcopal.
Salem has also a Masonio Lodp, a
Lodge and Encampment of Oddfellows
and a Lodge of G tod Templars.
The Salem Press is an ancient but a
live and vigorous newspaper.
The course of Uc'ures commences
at Salem, by Panl B. Du Chaille, oh
'Explorations in E jnatorial Africa."
is to be followed in the course by S. M
Hewitt, on 4'Cdifornia," Gen. KMpatrick.
"Sherman's Maroh to the Sa Wendeit
Phillips, Wallace Bruce and Rev. S. W
Brown of New York. His subject will
be "A Journey from New York to Jeru
salem." l'OTATO SHIPMENTS- The potato
shipments along the Champlain can
1
nave cmounted the present season
to
about one million of bushel. M
lany
wonder where they go. The shipper
hires a boat for $350 or $100 t load wi'l
potatoes and go south for the winter. H
places it in the Morris basin or some enn
venieat place near the city of New York
and when the market requires potatoes h
shoves tbe cargo over to New York
There is also a large export. The price
paid has been from thirty to fifty cents
per Duenei.
New Hampshire The Rennblin
ian
State Committee met at Conoord on Wed
neaday evening, and assigned their sever
al conventions. The 8tata convention
will be held ou Wednesday, January 3d
The meeting was presided over by E. H
Rollins, chairman of the committee, ant
was very fully attended, the most promi
nent men of the party from all parts
the State being present and speaking.
of
A Bear Caught.. Oliver II. Smith
of Fort Ann. recently set a trD for a
a
bear whioh he had reason to believe was
prowling around the woods near his resi
dence. A few days afterwards his expeo-
lauons were tally realiied by seeing bru
in fast in trap. He was a large fellow
welghiag nearly three hundred pounds.
Milk P. O. Camming., nf ln.
Camming, Bkr C, his l-a-d cjr.
cuUr to mlk producers, urging 0p5a
tbem, as necessary to mnke the bnslnM i
success next year, tbe importance of keep,
tng np a liberal supply of milk daring
the winter. He fimerts that this en be
accomplished by having warm, well veB.
tilated stables and by feeiiog the cowi
liberally oa grain.
He argues that the milk buslre once
established on a firm basis, it will not
only continue as a eource of profit for
generations, but it will also increase the
Value of their farms.
He oon eludes bis circular with a letter
from H. A. Bartoo, of Dalton, Mas., wha
has been in the business three years, atd
who, with an average of seventeen co-v(
received from April 1st, 1870, to April
1st., 1871, $1.940 34 net.
The freight from points ou the Hirleci
Extension Railroad would be half cent
more, the same cows would have yielded
about $1,700 net.
Whitehall. The Methodists ci
Whitehall are having a popular course ot
lectures.
A subscription for the sufferers 1
the late fire was collected by an Irrespon
sible person and tbe next day he was
found drunk.
The Yonnir Men's Christian Associa
tion has elected the foUowioir offlors for
the ensuing year President, Won. n.
Cook Vice President. Dr. A. J. Long
nd L. n.Fi'.more; Seo-ttry, D. A. Mo
Rea Treasurer, 8. T. McLablio.
Fokt Edward, N. Y. Gen. Kilpat
rick lecture at Fort El ward, N. Y, De
cember 15 b.
W. H. Barnfs. h talented fdl'or of
the Il-art ani Jlmd, New Yoik, his
been engaged to deliver two lectures on
Oidfullowebip about the middle of De
o jmber.
St. JOHNSBCRT. Rev. H. W. Warren,
of Philadelphia, delivered the first lectors
in the coore at St. Johnsbary, snVjct
A trip to the stars."
A Mr. Morse of St. Johnsbury, fell
int the wheel pit at Lnke Bnzz-li's ma
chine shop one day lt week. He was
erioudy injured, and his recovery is
doubtful.
Vermont !Vevr
ADDISON COCSTY.
Messrs. Dunshew B-irres ef Br's'o!
shipped a ton of butter to market, on Tues
day. The church tt Granville haa been
latly raised and a town ball enntrnoted
in the basement. Some of tbe pub'ic
spirited c tiz"ns of tbe town are eubecr-b-init
funds t ward the purchase cf a bell
for the building.
The Addison county Gvid Templars
meet et 8t-kr8horo on Wednsd-y Niv
29 h. Addresses are to be delivered ly
Ron. E D Warner cf New Haven. Rv.
W. L Smith and Hon. George W. Grar.
dey of Veriennes.
Leicester Lodtf cf Good T raplsr'
nave a paper edittd ty mtmb rs of the
Lodg.
BSNNINGTOV COCSTY.
This frtm the Banner The Vice
irar Bitters erranfmnt for tiew-p-pet
outfidea ia mighty handy on one aecoutt;
if v wish to cut ont an item from the
inside of one of them, we do not need to
fr ep'-ilinit BoytSinn wYiirh w may
want on thw out-ide, for wo have 12 more
jnst euiV outid"S on our table every
week. Handy isn't It P
CALEDONIA COUNTY.
TKer has hoen considerable fxoitf
ractt at MTnfio(-s Flls the pat wek, ia
i!ocsrq'ence f tie ebdoetion of a youtg
irl from hT f-tthf-r'a h(.me. 01 Wndt.ce
day evening, by par'ies who vti-hed 10
prevent a m-rriae that waa tke lae
nirXt day. Se has not since teeu fou od.
James B-icfr, of Walden, wkile chop
ping wood, was accidentally etrui-k by a
fel ow workman's axe and his foot near'y
severed.
Two brothers, named S-tmnl ani
Rohert Maaden, at Danvi le, ot into an
li-rcation which resulted in Robert's
throwint; Simoil dewn and breaking bis
arm. Ribert was arreted cn romr.liict
of bia father, and put under $500 boDi
for appearance at tbe County Court.
Mr. B F. Thomas, of nrdwicV, wa
bad'y chopped while hewing railroad ties
on tbe lS'h. It appears that he was hew
iotr, and one of hia hired men was scoring
tbe samestirk, wben accidentally in some
way, tho scorer's axe hi' Thomas full
hlow just below and back of Lis hip, in
fl otinif a gath six inches long and three
inches deep.
Tbe track on the Lamoille Volley
Railroad is laid ti within two and oce
half miles of Hard wick.
CHITTENDEN COUNTY.
The winter term of WlllUton Acad
emy belies Dec. 4.
There is now living in Williston
lady aped 84 years, aud a s'ron tea'tliy
woman for that age, wbo h-ts bad tlir'y
three children of her own. She has t3.o
three times married.
GRAND ISLE COUNTY.
Some person from Grand Lie cooc'y
writes to prove that there are more old
people in South Hero than can be foatd
in any other oommunity of the sn.e
number. He says: "According o tfc
last census, South Hero bad 617, ad
Grand Isle 70S, making the total popoli
tion 1,325. Ia thi popuLti n of 1.33,
tbere are sixty-two persons seventy y-ars
nd upwards. Tbeis nni'el aes amount
to 4,694 yers, which gives them an aver
age age of seventy-five years and eitt
months 1 There are in this number thirty-seven
men and twenty-five women.
The twelve old eft men have lived 1,010
years, which gives tbem an average
of e'ghty-four years. The twelve oldt
women have lived 940 years, which give'
them an average age of sevent-eight yerf
and four months. Tbe oldest nun i r.
IraChamberlincf O rand Isle. H' e89
is ninety yea. He resides with his bro
ther, Mr. JohnChamberlin, who is eib'T'
eight years of age. There are five ctber
men, eigbly-eeven and upward. .v The old
est woman is a Mrs. Ia Mott, a; ,Freoob
Canadian, ninetj-five years of are. Th
is one other woman eighty-five years, en
two that are eighty. Tbi. will Kivft
every twenty-one and" odb tUi pe'a
on this Wand, a person eeveoy-fi J
ofase. Oa th.ss sixtytwo per'. 1
have a surplus of 353 years, wbiob,
added to thce nnder seventy, and "e'te'
that period, I think mut
venty year, to every fifteenth perwn en
the entire island.