The Paincsvills Journal.
SATUKDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1871.
Editorial Par(rapU.
Mrs. O'Lkaisy denies the cow, but it
will not lo history is not to be despoiled
by any such chicanery.
Another exemplification of the beau
ties of free love as expounded by the
fair Victoria the domestic infelici
ties of C'atacazy.
A peculiarity of American legislation
and American legislators the ability to
point out a member's Rent by the tobacco
stains on the carpet in the immediate vi
cinity of his desk.
Within the lifetime of one man nearly
every country is united, each with the
other, by the throbbing power of the,
electric telegraph. Australia is the latest
land connected with us by the mystic
line through which space is annihilated
in the transmission of intelligence.
The fiat has gone forth. America
leads the world, and Ohio leads America
up to the present lime at least. I'riuce
Alexis has expressed his surprise aud de
light at the beaut- of our women, and
says he has never seen half as many be
fore as he has since lie has been in this
country, while at the recent matiuee at
Governor's Island ho paid such marked
attention to Miss HtiUivant, of this State,
as to render'lier'tlie envy of all the as
sembled belles. Where does she live?
and will there be cards V
The Oregon .City Enterprise does not
seems to fully endorse the Democratic
"new passivo-actlve departure,'' for in
speaking of the probabilities that nocan-
idate will be nominated for the Presi
dency in 1872, it says
Xone but fools would make such an
assertion, and none but idiots would re
lieve it. The Ix-mocracy will nominate,
and that is not all: tliev will successfully
elect their candidate against the present-
taker-unu blockhead who now sits in the
White House and disgraces the nation."
Such exhibitions of faith are simply
ublime.
The conundrum Where is Brighain
Young?", has not yet been answered.
The solution offered by his counsel, that
the distinguishad prophet left Salt Lake
City on account of bis health, is not
considered as satisfactory by those who
are best posted in polygamic rebusses.
Mils. Victoma-Demosthexes-Wood-iiull
has got into a chronic state of fiz
zling when -upon the rostrum. Her
Hpirit-protector, of Greek extraction,
seems to have ungallantly abandoned
her just when she most needs his assist
ance. Is it possible that he thinks The
odore can fill bis place
It is quite probable that, among the
advocates of woman-suffrage there are
many who do not endorse the peculiar
views of the Woodhull as these have
lately been given, by that distinguished
free lover, but then he is the acknowl-
edged leader of the party, and pitch is
apt to defile, ci ,;,r
Tiibqugh the courtesy of D. W. Mead
Esq., Secretary of the Lake County Ag
ricultural Association, we are in receipt
of a copy of. the State Agricultural Re
port for 1S7X. In our local columns will
be found some statistics of interest to our
county which; have been extracted from
the work iu question.
A late spiritualistic investigation in
'leveland was not exactly a success,
when considered as a test of the truth of
communications from the other world.
The friends of a lady recently deceased
iad fears that she had been buried while
vet alive, and. in order to decide the
matter, applied to a so-called medium in
New York for a spirit message in regard
to flie matter. In due course of mail an
answer was returned, purnorting to
come from the lady herself, and fully
corroborating their worst apprehensions.
The letter even gave particulars, aud
stated that, in proof of its assertions, the
body would be found turned around in
the coffin. Acting upon the strength of
the message, the cemetery was visited,
the body disinterred, and, horrible to re
late, was found exactly .as when placed
the grave. Probably the conditions
were unfavorable, or the letter was an-
swered by a lying spirit. At all events,
those engaged in the investigation are
not as enthusiastic defenders of the
cause as they were.
Lately In the town of Witepsk, Itus-
sia, several couples were married In
cemetery, for the purpose of stopping
the ?pread of the cholera. So implicit
was the confidence in the superstition
that the physicians were stopped from
giving any more medicine, and, strange
to say, the disease did actually die out
with the last inhabitant of the town.
One of the latest evidences that com
mercial sharpness is not a peculiarity be
longing exclusively to any one nationali
ty is the report that introductions to the
Grand Duke Alexis have been sold by
some one of his suite whose position ena
bles him to barter that honor. It is even
said that in one instance so high as Five
Thousand Dollars was paid for the privi
lege of seeing a Russian Duke. The only
point involved in obscurity is whether
the late Minister Catacazy can tell who
it is that is thus making the royal visitor
a living curiosity, to be exhibited at re
munerative prices rather than an honest
guest whom no expense will be snared
to entertain.
Mit. Wilkks prophesies the defeat of
Grant In the coming campaign.' The
oracle is a little like those of the olden
lime, in being rather vague, but, after
all, is explicit in predicting the utter
rout of the present incumbent of the
Presidential chair A reporter who at
tempted to interview Mr, Wilkes was not
entirely successful, as that gentleman
declined the honor. Subsequently, how
ever, he did 'say: We only desire to
predict that Grant may be beaten before
he becomes a candidate but should he
run in the next canvass, we will further
predict that he will be sloughed off along
with the Spoils Republicans, like a dead
branch, froiu the wholesome body of the
country, with, an adverse majority such
us never disgraced a Presidential candi
date before Rescoe Conkling and Ileury
Wilson to the contrary notwithstanding.
Bv-and-by "we shall be more free to
speak upon this subject.": i
The happiest people in the world must
be those who are able to bear up tinder
all adversities',' and even extract comfort
from the most overwhelming misfor
tunes.;' To this class evidently belongs
the writer in the New York World, who
says that the Democrats lost the State in
the recent election not by a change of
sentiment in- the people, as between the
two parties, but because the Republicans
got to the polls a larger percentage of
their vote than the Democrats," and
then adds that, from a careful study and
comparison of' the figures, it will be
plainly seen that New York is still a
Democratic State," and that all that is
wanted is for the Democracv to pun
ish the men who have betrayed the party
and used their 'official positions to rob
tliC people, reorganize in New York city
by casting off the thieves, and victory
will again reward its efforts.",
On the day after to-morrow Monday
December 4th Congress will assemble.
Despite the fact that there are now se vm
hundred and ninety-nine bills on the cal
endars of the two Houses, it is by no
means-probable that the session will be
either a long one or one in which much
important business will lie- transacted
It is the last session before a Presidential
campaign, and, if there were no other
reason, tlie amount of party legislation
that thns becomes necessary would pre
clude the consideration of any consider
able amount of less important business,
To be sure the vast number ot acts m
embryo" would seem to indicate a dif
ferent prospect. But of the entire list
nearly four-fifths are bills which failed
In the Forty-first and other Congresses,
and are now simply reintroduced, while
a large proportion of the remainder are
only duplicates, each of the other. It is
strange and even mortifying that such
thoughts will come to one in considering
the chief counsels of the nation, but ex
perience shows their probability, and
human nature is no less frail in Repub
licans than Democrats.
The unkindest cut of all. Miss Helen
Worth of Arkansas recently commenced
Miit for breach of promise on the strength
f a two mouths' engagement. In the
course of his remarks her counsel inge
niously worked upon the feelings of the
jury by pleading that her advanced
years would preclude her from ever
again enjoying the jdeasure of courtship
and that, therefore, they must take into
account her agony of mind at relin
quishing forever the prospective delights
of wedded bliss. Aud right nobly did
the twelve peers respond to this appeal
by rendering a verdict for two thousand
live hundred dollars damage. But the
feelings of the fair maid can only be im
agined, when, npon hearing of the deci
sion, the hoped-for partner of her joys
and sorrows unfeelingly clapped his
bands and said "it was dogged cheap, by
hokey, au' he'd gone her ten better afore
he'd a had the ole hen."
The justice which has been lately
meted out to the Mormons has rendered
the Oneida Community extremely un
easy as to their own future. Their or
gan, published at Wallingford, is out in
long and labored articles, to show that.
instead of being at all alike, the two
sects are exactly opposite in principle
and action. It claims that while Mor-
monism is troublous because of too many
marriages, the Community of Oneida
freed from this objection because it has
no marriages at all. But this difference
is only substituting unlimited for limit
ed license. Simply to call an institution
religious, does not aft'ect its character
and why. the Oneidans should be left to
eniov their peculiar ideas and customs
while the inhabitants of Utah are forced
to submit to the law is more than ordi
nary intelligence can understand. In
fact, of the two, the free-lovers who live
at Wallingford are the more deserving
of punishment, aud for this reason
Vice and sin, as distinguished from
crime, are characterized by the fact
that though they are as op
posed to morality, yet they do
not injure one's neighbor. Thev vio
late duty to God, but not to man. Con
sequently Oneidaism, or Mormonism, if
kept secret, is an offense, but one of
which the laW- can take no notice un
til intruded upon public notice. But
when communities arise, preferring and
following these peculiar tenets, they
come within the province of the law
They not only offer violence to Heaven
and the holy bonds of marriage, but
they outrage public morals and the du
ties which all owe to their neighbors
and the more open and shameless these
exhibitions, the more deserving of pun
ishment. For these reasons the Oneida
community ouaht to be the more severely
dealt with. Mormonism is far away
and, therefore, comparatively harmless,
but Oneidaism is in our very midst.
Nor have they any claims to mercy.
They have reclaimed no lands, suffered
no persecutions,and flown to no deserts;
but they are striving to undermine the
very foundations of christian society in
the very heart of the country.
and the last in Chicago, more than a
year after the murder was an excellent
illustration of a job" well done, aud
the arrest of Cooper is another, which
reflects the highest credit upon the po
lice administration of our neighboring
city. Coojer has made a full confession
of the murder. He told Superintendent
Schmitt that he wanted to leave the city,
but was "hard up," and had not iiioiiey
euougi:, ana Kinea swing soieiy lor uie
pui jiose of robbing him, exacting to
get a considerable sum. lie stated that
le went to the sliop about nine o ciocx
that morning and found Mr. Swing sit
ting by the stove smoking his pipe.
Watehiug his opportunity he struck him
with the hammer, upon the head, from
behind, felling hi j to the floor. Then
ragging him into the back room ne
completed his fiendish work. He said
that lie had no recollection of so many
blows, nor of driving the soldering iron
down his throat. He then took the
watch aud all the money he could find
upon tho body, rifled the tin box in
which Mr. Swing kept his valuable pa
pers, washed" his hands and left the
premises, going to the depot by a cir-
uitous route. He onlv got about ni-
teen dollars.
At Springfield, Clarke county, on Sat
urday, the remainder of the gang of bur
elars. arrested some time ago, attempted
to escape by digging a hole through the
II, out tlie guaru uiseovereu n. in uiue,
and thev were secured.
Hon. S. S. Warner on Saturday sent to
the Governor his annual report as Treas
urer of State. Among other things the
reiKirt shows the following facts Bal
ance in theTreasurv on the morning of
November 10, 1870, "$760,038.10; receipts
at the Treasury Irom .November leiU,
to November 15, 1S71, $3,274,184.111 to
tal, $0,040,223.01 disbursements during
the same time, $0,292,046.74 balance in
the Treasury at the close of business,
oveuiber lo, 1871, $748,1(0.27. lne re
port further makes a statement of secur
ities deposited by insurance companies
with the treasurer. The deposits are,
for life insurance companies, $412,487.
87; for lire insurance companies, $445,
570; total, $853,003.87.
At a matinee at Pike's Opera House,
in Cincinnati, an actor named J. J. Rus
sel, phryiug Captain Thorton in Rob
Itoy, In the scene where he snoots uu
g:ud, prematurely discharged his pistol,
the contents passing through two fing
ers, one of which was removed. Though
in the presence of a large assemblage,
no one In the audience knew but what
the play was proceeding as usual.
Lock No. 2. at Lockport, on the Mi
ami and Erie Canal, gave way Monday
morning, both walls falling in. A month
will bo required to complete the recon
struction. Many boats are above loaded
for the South, and will have to wait
temporary repair.
The meeting ot the Democratic cen
tral Committee took place at the Neil
House, Columbus, last week. Pendle
ton and McCook, although in the city,
did not attend the meeting, and several
Democratic Representatives and Sena
tors elect, and other Democrats from va
rious parts ot the State, who came there
full of vigor and a desire to do something
for Democracy, discovered when the
Committee met that a rule was adopted
to exclude all persons not members of
tlie Committee. This action roost enec-
tually dampened the ardor of the vislfc
inz brethren, and some of them took no
particular pains to conceal the fact that
they felt as if they had been shabbily
treated. After a Ions talk as to the time
for the next meeting, the committee ad
journed to meet in uolumous, on tne zza
of February. The meeting was neither
pleasant nor profitable.
It is a singular fact that in the United
States the criminal is regarded as worthy
of condemnation and impartial punish
ment in a ratio inverse to the magnitude
of his crime. In other words, the great
er the offense against the law, the greater
tlie consideration to which the criminal
is entitled to,' In proof of this one need
but look at the farce now being enacted
in New York over the prosecutions of
the arch thieves of the Tammany Ring.
If they were some poor -wretches,
charged with stealing a few dollars, how
different would be their treatment.
Then there would be no unbending of
theetern law and no furnishing of pahu
tial apartments while the "gentlemen"
could :proeure bail, but, on the contrary,
the poor victims, of these very men, per
haps, would be hurried to the prison,
while no one could be found to offer any
excuse for their fall. .But because these
"high officials" have pilfered millions
instead of hundreds, justice must be
made a mockery." lest, their fine feelings
be hurt by incarceration in a common
cell. OTeuipora! O Mores!
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
At Home.
OHIO.
Although the mere thought of a hu
man being consigned to the gallows
awakens a thrill of horror, yet the detec
tion and arrest ot the perpetrator of a
crime of such peculiar atrocity as the
murder of James H. Swing, in Cleve
land, on Tuesday last, brings to the
mind of every one a sense of relief and
satisfaction that cannot be concealed.
Such was the case on Saturday, when it
became generally known that the Intelli
gence had flashed over the wires from
Xenia that John Cooper, Swing's mur
derer, was in the hands of Detective
Rowe. The fact that the watch taken
from the body of the slain man was re
covered, and that articles of Cooper's
clothing were found in his possession,
spotted with blood, dispelled all doubts
as to whether he was the right man.
The dispatch announcing the arrest was
received about one o'clock Saturday af
ternoon and the news spread rapidly
through allpart3 of the city, creating no
small degree of excitement. Through
out the evening and during Sunday the
matter was the universal topic of conver
sation. Tlie shrewd, secret operations
of expert officers of the law in cases of
this kind, and their frequent success
when to an ordinary observer there
seems to be not the slightest clue to put
them upon the right track, are a source
of wonder to many. Often tlie most
minuto scraps of observation, obtained
here and there, and circumstances each
apparently insignificant in itself, are put
together and torm a chain ot evidence
which leads to the detection of the crim
inal. As may be readily imagined, to
gather up all these facts and incidents,
draw therefrom the correct conclusions.
and then, in ease of flight, to track the
crnninui through tlie labyrinth of rail
roads that would seem to render escape
so easy of accomplishment, call into re
quisition the utmost shrewdness and
skill. It is well known that rarely Iiir
deed does a criminal succeed in baffling
tne omcers oi mo nvw; sooner or later he
is almost sure to full into their bunds
The arrest and conviction of all of the
cowardly gaug who killed David V
Skinner, in Independence, some three
years ago four taken in Cleveland, one
in the mountains of Central ew York
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The official report of the Navy De
partment from Rear-Admiral Sands, su
perintendent of the JSaval Observatory,
states that on the evening of the 18th
mat. Professors Darkness and Dale, at
tached to the Observatory, succeeded In
discovering the spectrum or Jincke's
comet. It consisted of two bright bands
in the green, in each of which the light
was most intense in the middle ot tne
breadth by the band, and shaded off to
wards each edge. very satisfactory
measures were obtained of the broadest
and brightest of the bands, and tiiey gave
for tlie wave lengths of the light at its
two edges, respectively, five hundred
and four aud four ninety-eight mll
lionths of a millimetre. No signs of a
nucleus were discovered, and Professor
Darkness thinks it may safely be inter
red that the comet consists simply of a
cloud of glowing gas.
The management of the Russian Lega
tion passed Monday from Catacazy to
General Gorlolf, whose residence has
been at Hartford as military attache of
the Legation. This gentleman will be
very acceptable to the Executive authori
ties la his new position. This change
relieves the President of the unpleasant
duty which Catacazy's conduct had
otherwise made a necessity, of sending
passports to the ministers, and may be
regarded as a practical compliance with
the request of the Government for his
recall. It is understood that Catacazy
has been ordered by his Government to
wait on the Grand Duke during his tour
in this country, and to return to Russia
immediately alter it3 close.
The amount ot national currency is
sued fast mouth to the new banks under
the "fifty-four million act," was two mil
lions. The whole amount of notes issued
is twenty-six millions.
The Commission appointed by the Sec
retary of the Treasury, William orton
Chairman, to ascertain the amount of
New York Central scrip, dividing the
subject to taxation, has beeu notified to
send a report, that it may be laid before
Congress. The amount of this tax as
sessed by the revenue, officers is upward
of a million dollars. The Government
has so committed itself that it will be
compelled to adopt whatever report the
Commission makes.
Hon. Montgomery Blair has been in
terviewed. He says "Let the Demo
cratic party as an organization stand
back, and the field be kept clear to disat
fected and independent Republicans
Let the Radicals call their convention
and nominate whoever they please, and
then the Democrats rally to his support.'
He says some sacrifice must be made to
defeat Grant, and expresses his personal
preference tor William Cullen Bryant,
although he thinks Trumbull would
make a sple-idid candidate, as would also
Judge Davis, Judge Ranney, ex-Secre
tary Cox and Gratz Brown. In spite of
his tarift proclivities, he would support
Greeley. He does not think that there
is any scarcity of material, and thinks
that the only difficulty to be apprehend
ed is the Hunkerism and Bourbbnism of
the Democracy.
Information has been received that the
European Syndicate has "placed to the
credit of the Government an amount of
money equal to the number of five per
cent, bonds which they agreed to nego
tiate.
Ex-Senator Wade has declined the
tender made him by Secretary Fish of
President or empire m the JBoundary
Commission between England and Libe
ria. Mr. Wade says his position as chief
law olhcer ot the .Northern Pacific rail
road will not permit him to be long
enough away to attend to that business.
The position he now fills in the railroad
company is the one which was ottered to
Minister bchenck- prior to tlie latter
having been appointed to the English
mission.
The following is the estimate of the
supply of cotton from all ports of the
world for the year ending September 30.
1871, as from the most reliable source
Crop of the United States, 3,225,000 bales
supply from the East Indies, 1,500,000
Brazil, 550,000; Egypt, 330,000; from
other countries, 250,000; add to the
above tlie excess of stock in European
ports, 2o4,uou bales, and m spinners
hands, 300,000 bales, making tlie total
supply for the year 0,479,000 bales. Al
lowing that the consumption for the
year be at the rate of 125,000 bales per
week, which rate can only he reduced by
extremely low prices, there would be on
hand at the end of the year 239,000 bales.
had wounds in the head from the mur
derer's ax from which portions of their
brains ran out. The excitement in Clark
count- on account of the tragedy lias
not died out. auspicious that white men
instigated the bloody deed are being se
cretly investigated. Numbers of negroes
are leaving the county. Mrs. Taylor,
wife of Squire Taylor, said to be the one
who struck the brutal blows, has gone to
Chicago, where her daughter is washer
woman in a hotel. The grand jury of
Clark county meets on the 1st of Decem
ber, when it is probable some ot the
lynchers will be indicted.
MONTANA.
A Fort Shaw special says two com
panies of the seventh infantry, .Major
Freeman, commander, returning from
tort Browumg, were caught in the late
fearful storm, and camped twelve miles
from there witli a number of menjbadly
frozen. A later dispatch savs ten of the
men were brought in to hospital. The
orst cases still out are being brought in
as fast as possible. They are frozen
principally about their feet, and will lose
toes and some even their feet. The
thermometer Tuesday morning was
30 degrees below zero. At Helena at 8 p.
the thermometer was fifteen below.
No stages have arrived from any direc
tion within the last thirty-six hours.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
State Treasurer Parker has published
statement of the debt of South Caroli
na, in which it is shown that the total
amount of bonds printed was $22,540,-
000. Of these lxmds $0,000,000 are sta
ted to be still deposited for safe-keeping
ith the American liauk-uote company,
30,538 are on hand in the State treas
ury, $1,000,000 have been cancelled and
destroyed, and $2,953,200 have been issu
ed by the State treasury in effecting con
versions ot former liabilities, leaving
$9,533,000 in bonds placed in the hands
of the financial agent (Mr. Kempton) in
aew iorfc. I he old debt is u.4oj,uus.-
98. The explanation accompanying the
statement gays that the facts and dates
are open to the inspection of the public.
i he btate authorities now hope to be
able to retire the loan in New York and
to save the bonds now under hypotheca
tion from being sold by the holders. It
is intended to discontinue the financial
agency at New York, but some responsi
ble banking institutions will be designa
ted as the place where the payment of in
terest on the public debt will be made.
UTAH.
A dispatch from Little Cottonwood
says the snow on a level is about six feet
deep. The residents of Alta City have
to dig themselves in and out ot their
wellings. Many of the houses are
buried in snow. A 'young -man named
Jenkins was killed by a snow slide on
Wednesday near the mouth of Welling
ton mine. He was dug out by miners
and buried on Thursday morning. Sev
eral of the miners, while at work for the
body, were caught in slides and escaped
with ditncuitv. Charles Morrison was
caried by a slide three or four hundred
ards over a precipice. The miners
worked for hours to recover the body,
but in vain. Several other lives have
been lost.
In Court at Salt Lake Monday morn
ing the case of Brighain Young, for lewd
and lascivious cohabitation, was called
up, and upon motion of the prosecuting
attorney, was fixed tor trial next Mon
day. Mr. Hempstead, for the defense,
protested against this order on the ground
jhat it would be impossible to have his
client there at such short.notice. lie
asked for two weeks, which was refused.
The leading women themselves are very
anxious that Brigham Young should be
there next Monday for trial. Thev say
positively he will appear at the time or
dered it ttie prevailing storms admit.
He has been notified by telegraph, and it
Is stated lias already started for bait Dake.
CALIFORNIA.
Dispatches from Arizona say a bun
dred Government cattle were, run off by
Apaches in vale De Clnno, near Pres
cott. Troops and citizen were pursuing
the Apaches who murdered the Vv ickeiv
burg stage passengers, and trailed them
directly to Date Creek Reservation. The
fact that a large part of the Apaches re
siding there were absent at the time of
the massacre is proven by an officer on
the reservation. The dispatch says that
among the passengers was one registered
as Alfred W. Loriug, of Wheeler's expe
dition. Loring was the only passenger
not wounded at the first fire of the In
dians, who were ambushed, completely
surrounding the stage. The three pas
sengers outside and driver were killed
at the first volley. The Indians then
rushed for the stage. Loring and Hamil
lost their presence of mind, and jumped
from the side where the Indians were.
Misses Shepherd and Kruger, both
wounded, jumped from the other side
and escaped, lu an instant Loring was
surrounded by the savages. Being
wounded, he tried to escape. The In
dians fired two shots, passing through
his breast. Loring tell aud was dis
patched with a lance. Parties knowing
him say there is no doubt ot Ins identity
The people of Prescott raised volunteers
with the determination ot killing every
Apache on the reservation, but finally
consented to leave the matter with Gen
eral Crook.
ILLINOIS.
A letter to the Tribune from Kit Car
son, Colarado, savs that on the morning
of the seventeenth an entire block in
that city in which'was located the Perry
House, postomce, stores, offices etc., was
destroyed by hre. Doss about one hun
dred thousand dollars no insurance,
From evidence taken fromTthe Fire
Commissioners, it has been ascertained
that Mrs. O Leary's cow was the cause
of the great fire, although that lady had
no more responsibility in the matter
than what was afforded by her" owner
ship in the cow. It appears that her
friend and co-tenant McDangtilin, the
fiddler, had a social time that evening
and, that wishing to cook a few oysters
for the social crowd and being short of
milk went for Mrs. O'Leary's cow, and
while engaged in surreptitiously obtain
ing tlie lacteal fluidjthe.cow.kicked. over
tne lamp.
It will be recollectedTthat a week ago
Sunday, at Champaign, the dead and
mangled body of Mrs. Mary A. Hudson
was discovered behind a hay stack In the
outskirts of the town, with every evi
dence of her having been murdered. Her
body was taken to the house of her broth
er James Howard, and an inquest held
but the jury failed to fix the crime upon
any person. The Champaign Albion,
just received, says that Howard, the
murdered woman s brother, is snspected,
and that a man named Lane, of Saudorns,
tor whom she lormerly kept house, and
who is now under arrest for counterfeit
ing, is also under suspicion."
KANSAS.
A correspondent cf the Journal says
the recent storm was very severe on the
plains of Western Kansas. A large num
ber of Texas cattle were frozen, and the
herds dispersed Several herders were
also frozen to death. Five bodies were
brought into Hayes City on Friday night
frozen stiff, supposed to have been buffa
lo hunters, as the bodies of a large num
ber of buffaloes were found near them,
which had perished in the storm. Great
anxiety is felt on account of other par
ties of Buffalo hunters who are out and
have not been heard of since the storm.
Beebe Brothers of Elsvortl lost three
horse and twenty-three cattle, The cqd
was unprecedented,
IXpIANA.
Helen Park is again growing worse.
Evaliue Park continues improving. Both
MISSOURI.
William H. McCallistcr, who was re
cently stabbed in the neck at a ball in
Bowling Green, Pike county, by Cap
tain Hendricks, Assistant -Secretary of
the State Senate, died Sunday night.
Herman Lindeman, of St. Louis, editor
of the Gasconade Zeitnng, formerly con
nected with the Weslicke Post, aud sub
sequently editor of the St. Charles Dem
ekrat died at Jefferson City Sunday night.
Mr. Lindeman edited the Dresden Gaz
ette in 1849, was sentenced to death for
connection with the insurrection in May
of that year, but escaped and came to this
country. He was identified with various
literary enterprises in New York and
Wisconsin, and was Presidential jelector
from the latter State in 1800.
Godfrey Blan has beeu arrested at St.
Louis ofi the charge of absconding with
several thousand dollars worth of goods
belonging to his employer, Mr. Hart
man of Chicago.
The City Council of St. Louis has rat
ified by a vote of fourteen to six the re
cent sale of the city's stock in the North
Missouri Railroad, for eighty-five thou
sand dollars.
An arrangement is almost completed
under which the Lindell Hotel, St. Louis,
will be rebuilt on the old site. Only
twenty-two thousand dollars remain to
be raised. As soon as this is secured the
executors of the Awes estate will begin
operation. The new building is to cover
an entire square, bounded by Sixth aud
Seventh streets and Washiugton avenue
and Green street, aud will cost in the
neighborhood of a million dollars.
The Sunday Times of Kansas City has
eleven columns of letters from promi
nent men in all parts ot Missouri indors
ing the passive policy. These indors-
ments are from senators, representatives,
generals,judges aud citizens
Y' WISCONSIN.
Captain A. J. Langworth, Agent for
the Milwaukee Relief Committee, has
just returned from a visit to the burnt
district oi the JNortn west., wnere tie has
bean to investigate certain reports of
fraud and misappropriat ion, all of which
he lound to bo false, and sup-tad by un
tiling working well at ail the distribut
ing points where much has been done
aiul a great deal is yet to be done. The
Relief Committee, in tonneition with the
Government, are now directing their at
tention to providing seed for the spring.
aud a circular will soon be issued on this
point. In traveling over tlie blackened
wilderness, Mr. Langworthy gathered
many interesting accounts of the great
tornado, and the people who were left to
tell tlie dreadful tale of that terrible
night of the 8th believe with one accord
that the seventh seal was opened, "and
the contents of wrath being scattered
over the fated land. An idea of the great
heat may be imagined from the fact that
the potato fields at WUliainsvdie
where fifty nine dead bodies were found,
the potatoes were all roasted near the
urface, and some six inches under
ground were partially roasted. Re
mains of domestic animals of all kinds
ud deer, wolves and bears are scattered
over the "district, and the indomitable
uerarv that pervaded tlie people of
"hicago is seen here and at Peshtigo.
Fifty houses have already been erected,
nd with the assistance thev will have
during the winter, thev will be in com
parative! v good shape to commence the
pring business.
KeiKirts from the Aoithera Pacific
Railroad say the thermometer was down
to twenty-three and thirty-six degrees
below zero, with heavy winds. Trains
are stopiied by the drifting snow, and
the telegraph wires broken in several
places by the severe cold.
NEW YORK.
A new order of arrest for Ingersoll
Garvey, and Woodward was issued Mon-
lay by Judge learned at Albany, fixing
the bail at five hundred thousand dollars
each, returnable December 5th to the
JtSuscan ot Municipal corruption, of
which O'Connor is at the head. Tlie or
der entending the time for the justifica
tion of Tweed's bail was based on the
affidavit by one of Tweed's lawyers, de
claring that Tweed "has been advised
by hid counsel to move, and in good
faith intended to move for a reduction of
bail or to vacate the order of arrest." It
is stated that Tweed has applied to the
company in which his life is insured for
permission to travel beyond the seas.
The property of Garvey which was ofl'er-
ed for sale at a great reduction finds no
buyers owing to the supposed insecurity
of the title.
On the same day an order of arrest was
served upon Connelly. His arrest crea
ted quite a flutter at the City Hall. Short
ly after it became public it was generally
talked about throughout the city. The
arrest was made by Sheriff Brennan in
person. Connolly was taken wholly by
surprise. The arrest was based on tne
same summons as that used in the cases
of Tweed, Ingersoll, Garvey and Wood
ward, Connolly's name being added to
the others afterward.
On Tuesday, the libel suit of Miss
Mansfield against James Fisk, Jr., came
up again in tho Yorkville Police Court.
The court room was lined with specta
tors. At the opening, Miss Mansfield's
entry with a female relation created
quite a sensation. Shortly after Fisk
put in an appearance. Miss Mansfield
was placed upon the witness stand, and
testified that a waiter named King had
lett her employ antl gone into the ser
vice oi isk. The affidavit made by
King had been served upon her. It was
false. The portions of the affidavit
which had been already published were
read in Court at the cross-examination
of Miss Mansfield. On the application
of Mr. Beach, Mr. Fisk was permitted to
leave the court on account ot a business
engagement. Miss Mansfield: testified
further as to her past history. She was
born in Boston; is twenty-four years of
age; has resided in New York since
1807; before that at Philadelphia; was
married m r?an Francisco in 1864, to
Frank Lawler, who is still living. A
good deal of argument followed be
tween the counsel, the prosecution ob
jecting to the course ot the examination
and protested against the preparation ot
a dish ot scandat tor the pu blic. Kesum
ing, "Miss" Mansfield said she first met
Fisk at the house of a friend he had got
her apartments at the American Club
House she had received letters from
Fisk, and continued "I have yet some
of the letters; I never gave any way
1 do not know how many 1 vet have
could not tell suppose I have five hun
dred left: I had some personal property
when I got acquainted with Fisk I had
no bank aeoouut, but I certainly was not
poor I have always been well cared for
I was not supported by Fisk personally
while at the American Club Douse, mon
ey ibr my support came to me through
stock operations carried on by Win. 11.
Marston with money furnished by Fisk;
the money thus received amounted to
two or three hundred dollars a week
after leaving the Club House went to
live in Jersey City received money
w-hile there, through the Erie Railway,
from Fisk, who lived there with me.'"
After further testimony the case was ad
journed to the 2d of December. Peter
Si. Sweeney, who will be a witness in the
case, was present at the court.
A Derald dispatch from Washington
savs the leading features of the Presi
dent's message will be Internal taxation,
tarin, nnance, the v ashington Treaty,
the Indians, and the Ku Klux disturb
ances in tlie South. It is understood
that the message will recommend the
abolition of all internal taxes, except on
spirits, malt liquors, tobacco in every
form, and stamps. A general recom
mendation is made' of a revision of the
tariff, although no articles are specified
for reduction of abolition of duty. It is,
however, suggested that those only
should be touched which can be includ
ed in the revision with the least injury
to the country. No material change in
Indian policy will be recommended.
The message will allude but briefly to the
Ka Klux. It will be left to the Attor
ney General to report at length on the
question. The result of the labors of the
High Joint Commission will be the sub
ject of congratulation. What further
measures will be taken respecting the
recent campaign in Corea have not yet
been definitely determined. A strong
policy, however is indicated. The pun
ishment of the Coreans for the murder
of wrecked American seamen is consid
ered complete. The San Domingo ques
tion is yet under advisement.
Investigation into the Harlem court
house expenses show a quarter of a mil
lion dollars have been expended for
what could be done for forty-six thous
and dollars and two hundred thousand
dollars have been stolen. The evidence
implicates Harvey Genet in the frauds.
It is stated that a deficit ot between two
and three hundred thousand dollars are
discovered in the accounts of the Bowl
ing Green Savings Bank, but will be
made good by the ring officials.
At a meeting ot the Children s Aid so
ciety it was reported that the organiza
tion had provided 7,108 boys with homes
within a few years. Some three thou
sand persons had been provided with
homes in the west. The association is
Turkey.
Advices from Constantinople say that
the weather is unfavorable again, and
the number of cholera cases is increasing.
The Porte objects to any treaty be-
wcou Russia ami Roumania modifying
the Sultan's jurisdiction, and will con
sult the principalities.
Jamaica.
Aspiuwall dates to the 18th are re
ceived. The city of Guatemala was vis
ited with a destructive tire on the 4th
Hist. tie nor Galves, the Guatemalan
Minister of Foreign Affairs, is dead, and
has been succeeded in office by Scnor
Savala. The trouble with the Jesuits in
Guatemala is the cause of much anxiety
among the people. San Salvador advices
of the 14th state that a treaty of peace
has been signed with Costa Rica, and
was tue cause of much rejoicing.
Cuba.
A telegram from Havana states that
there is great excitement there. The
court martial was trying forty-seven
students for outraging a grave, and it
was rumored that eisht were found
guilty and were to fie shot on Monday
evening. Business was suspended. A
captain of volunteers was killed by two
negroes who were immediately shot.
A Puerto Princiiie letter of the 11th
inst savs sixlhundred Spanish regulars
attacked the revolutionists' iutrench
mcnts at Cairajuez, on the 15th. They
were deleated badly by tlie Cubans, lhe
Spaniards retreated with a loss of 120
left dead on the held and 300 wounded,
who were taken into Principe. The Cu
bans were armed with American rifles.
Belgium.
The action of th'e'Chaniber of Repre
sentatives in voting to support the gov
ernment's appointment of M. de Decker
to be governor of the province of Lim-
burg gave rise to another exciting debate.
During the discussion a member of the
Left demanded that the ministry tender
their resignations. The Chamber fi nail y
adjourned until Tuesday next. Subse
quently a mob assembled before the res
idence of M. Fothomb, a member of the
right,5,who made himself particularly ob
noxious in supporting the appointment
of 31. de Decker, and became very disor
derly, their actions culminating in tne
smashing of the windows of the house.
So violent were the manifestations of the
mob that an alarm was sounded and the
Civic Guard mustered in stong force.
There are fears of serious disturbances.
Italy.
For the first time since the occupation
of Rome the Italian Parliament met in
that city to-day. The opening speech
was delivered in person by His Majesty
King Victor Emanuel. In commencing
he alluded to the events connected with
the occupation of the city, and said Ita
ly, restored to herself, had reconquered
her place in the world. He was con
vinced that Rome would remain the seat
of the Pontificate. The relations be
tween Italy and all nations, His Maiestv
said, were friendly, and he believed that
ueace would continue, but he warned
Parliament that they would be held to
strict account in the future if they ne
glected to perfect a thorough reorganiza
tion of the military and naval forces of
the kingdom. As intimation that there
was necessity to conciliate, the Vatican
Was coldly received. At the conclusion
of the ceremonies of opening Parliament
he was called to the balcony twice by the
populace, lhe city was grandly illu
minated in the evening. The Pope was
consoled by the priests.
Austria.
Prince Auersperg lias succeeded in the
task of forming the new Cisleithan Min
istry. The Cabinet is now complete,an?
is composed as follows
President of tlte Council Prince Ailolph Auers-
MittjAterofthe Interior T.asser,
3Iiniter of Vownurce Prixtis.
Minister of A tricuttttrc Haahaua.
Minister of H arChlumetzki.
Minister of Justice Glaser.
Minister of Instruction and Worship Streymer.
Minister of Finance Plener.
'lhe announcement ot these names is
well received. Prince Adolph d'Auers-
perg was born on the 21st ot July, 1821,
and has served as a cavalry officer in the
Austrian army. Towards the end of
1808 it was reported that he had been
called to replace his brother, Prince
Charles, who was about to tender his
resignation of the presidency of t he Cis
leithan Ministry, and since then Ills
name has been frequently brought into
prominence in connection with political
affairs. Of the other members of the
new ministry, three of them, Von Plen
er, de streymer, and Chiumetzki, were
selected lor tlie respective portfolios ot
commerce, I'ublic Worship, and Justice
in the recently proposed ministry of Bar
on von Kellersperg, the formation of
which proved a failure. De-. Streymer
formerly held a position in Count Po-
toeki's Cabinet. Dr. Piener has served
as Minister of Finance. He also held a
portfolio inthe Cabinet of the Count de
Taafe.
John Jay, United States minister to
Austria, and Andrassy, minister of for
eign affairs, have signed an international
treaty between the united states and
Austria, garanteeing the inviolability of
traue marks ot tne two countries.
now suffering from want of funds.
The reception of the Grand Duke and
officers of the Russian fleet, by the navy
yard officers, was a grand affair. From
nine mi ivvcivc lai i liijies civiiueu euu-
tlnuonsly from Fulton Ferry to the gate
vard. Nearly two miles of persons were
kept waiting three to four hours before
reaching the ball-room. Alexis arrived
at 10:30, with Admiral Possietand Min
ister Catacazy. On entering the ball
room a general rush was made to get
near him. He was conducted to a raised
dais iu the center of the room, where
were standing Mrs. Admiral Smith and
Madame Catacazy. Alsxis, Admiral
Possiet and Minister Catacazy went
through the ordeal of having the ladies
and gentlemen introduced. Alexis led
Mrs. Admiral Smith to the supper-room.
The Duke wore the uniform of a navy
lieutenant, took the lionizing coolly,
danced several times with Mrs. Admiral
Smith, and afterward with the
younger ladies. Julien conducted
the music, and played a Russian
hymn at the entrance of the
Prince. Monday afternoon the Grand
Duke, accompanied by his suit, reviewed
the fire brigade at Tompkins' Square.
The Duke has accepted an invitation
from Commodore Bennett to dine with
the New York Yacht Club on Saturday
evening next. The Ducal party will visit
Montreal on the 12th of December, and
Ottawa on the 13th, where the Duke will
pay his respects to the Governor-Jen-eral.
Thence he will proceed to Niagara
Falls.
Ea-ypt.
A special dispatch front Alexandria,
Egypt, dated Nov. 24, says that a terri
ble catastrophe had occurred in the har
bor there in consequence of the collision
between two steamships carrying pas
sengers aud mailsThe vessels met with
great force and saiiK, resulting in the
(Jeath of seventv-flve Algerian pilgrims.
The ipep wefe overburdened with gold,
by fire, but who had applied for aid and
been refused. The captain found every
Ecrupulous parties who had not suffered I the woight of which rendered their ef
forts to swim unavailing
possible.
and indeed ini-1
Itlcxlco.
Intelligence from Mexico states that
the Governor of Tamaqualis wants $20,-
000 for war expenses and to organize a
national guard. The people oppose the
loan. Four thousand Government troops
are nearing saituio to raise the siege,
Cortinas had appropriated the pay of
Government troops at Camargo to him
self, causing a revolt and the disbanding
of the troops. A general revolt is ex
pected against the Government the first
of December.
A state of anarchy prevails through
out the entire republic. The journals
are filled with accounts ot pronuucia
mentos, and the troops are growing
1 I 1 1 t- 1
rcviuuLiunaiy. vreiieiui jruniiii uiaz
has formally pronounced, and is backed
by the Legislature of the State of Oaxaca,
which has decreed to return to its own
sovereignty. The greater part of the
army is distrusted. The Siglo of the
18th says that Juarez was closeted
with the American minister on the night
of the 17th, who advised the President to
change his cabinet. The report caused
a great sensation. The people are ex
pressing fears ot American intervention.
Positive assurances are given of Cabinet
changes in tne beginning ot December.
It is rumored that Senor M. Rowes will
soon go to Washington, but whether offi
cially or not is unknown. It is again
reported that Mexico will try to raise a
loan in the United States. Gen. Texan
was arrested in Vera Cruz by order of
Juarez, but escaped to La Puebla, and
thence he went to Oaxoca. Polacies is
spoken ot as Provisional Governor of
Nueva Leon, where the Juarists are
gainiug strength. Vidal Costoreda an
nounced on the 15th, in Congress, that
he was authorized to state by the Lerdis-
ta party that they do not sympathize
with either Diaz or tlie Government, but
will remain neutral and fight both the
Government and Revolutionists. Gen.
uuegrete has abandoned Diaz and gone
to Sierra De Zocajoaxistla. A manifesto
issued by Diaz meets with a poor re
sponse. It is reported that the brothers
Diaz disagree, Porhrio and his army fa-
voriug Benitz as Governor instead of
Telix Diaz.
Franco.
Bishop Dupaulo publishes a letter se
verely criticising the sentiments ex
pressed by Gambetta in his speech re
cently delivered at St. uuentin.
President Thiers received the Chinese
embassy Saturday evening. The chief
ambassador expressed the hope that the
treaty relations between France and
China would be maintained, to which M.
Thiers replied "Your governient must
give proofs that our missionaries and con
suls are resiiected. This is absolutely
necessary for the preservation of the
peace between France and China." The
President's tone was emphatic, and the
ambassadors withdrew deeply impressed.
A large number of sympathizers with
the ex-Emperor iu Paris made a demon
stration in Ins honor. They traversed
the Faubourg Saint Germain with shouts
of "Vive Napoleon." .No attempt was
was made by the policeto interlere with
the domonstration.
The Minister of Finance, M. Pouyer
Quertier, in his budget to be submitted
at the coming session of the Assembly,
will call for a fresh loan of 400,000,000
francs.
1 here was an agitation in 1'aris re
cently over the expected fate of the Com
munists. Influences were used tosecure
the pardon of Kussel, but they were una
vailing, as advices lrom Versailles an
nounce that Rossel and two of his com
panions have been shot. The Communist
prisoners Rossel, Ferre and Bourgeoise
were taken to the camp of Satarry, the
place ot execution, under a strong escort,
A hollow square was formed by tho
troops, at one end of which the prisoners
were placed. Tho behavior of the three
men was most courageous. Tho soldiers
approached to blindfold them, but Ferra
ret used to allow the bandage to be plated
over his eyes, declaring that he should
look his executioners iu the face. A com
pany detailed for the duty advanced and
hred. Kossel leu at the urst discharge
and was instantly killed. The bullets
did not take immediate effect upon the
others, and as they were writhing in
agony, some of the shooting party in
obedience to instructions came up with
pistols and give them a coup de grace
and put thein out of their distress. The
bodies were then placed in plain cotnus
and immediately removed. The execu
tion took place in the presence of three
thousand troops. A profound sensation
was produced throughout the city by the
details. The death of young Rossel was
much lamented.
Prussia.
In the German Parliament a bill was
introduced and advocated by the Bava
rian minister providing for the criminal
prosecution of clergymen who abuse the
privileges of their office. This bill is un
derstood to be the first of a series of bul
warks against the encroachments of the
church upon the liberties of the people.
lhe Emperor of uermany lias con
sented to act as arbitrator between the
United States of America and England
upon the question of the disputed line
between the former country and Van
couver's Island, in the Strait of San Juan
de Fuca. Hon. George Bancroft, the
United States Minister to Germany, will
be invited to present to his Majesty, on
the 10th of December, the memorandum
in the matter from the State Department
at Washington. The argument of the
English Government in support of their
claim is expected to be presented to the
Lmpe.-or shortly.
Orders have been sent to the navy-yard
at Kiel to fit out three men-of-war for
Brazil. It is understood that the pur
pose of the expedition is to demand satis
faction for the maltreatment of a fierman
naval officer and two cadets in a fight in
the streets of Rio de Janeiro.
A special dispatch from Berlin says
that the public mind there is disturbed
in view of the diplomatic attitude as
sumed by Germany toward France. Bis
marck privately advocates a system of
military preparation tor wai. The re
cent action of the Reichstag, in prolong
ing the military midget on tne war esti
mate, contemplates a speedy reoccupation
of tlie French departments by the Ger
mans. Bismarck advocates this move
ment for the reason that he sees that the
tenure of authority by the Thiers Gov
ernment is very precarious.
The session ot the Diet or tne Kingdom
of Prussia was opened by the King in
person. The speech rrom tne throne
points to the financial prosperity of the
country, proposes a general increase of
official salaries, and recommends the en
couragement by the Diet of railway en
terprises. The speecn was wen received,
and the Emperor King loudly cheered
by the members of the Diet, on entering
and leaving the Chamber.
Spain.
A Spanish paper is authority for the
statement that iuigianu, in a nt oi peni
tent generosity, is prepared to arrange
for the transfer ot uioraitar to tne uov-
erument of Amadeus. If there are grave
reasons for receiving these statement
with a smile, there are also some reasons
for considering it not wholly improba
ble. To say nothing of the gratefulness
or the justice oi trie act, ior wntcu many
English writers, notably those ot tne
positive school, hare lone contended
there are reasons wny England snouia
not refuse a good offer from Spain for
this patch of rock, whose strategical im
portance has long since waned. Her
abdication of her position as a European
power renders it improbable that she
will engage in such quarrels as would
make the control of the gates of the
Mediterranean necessary to her. Should
she do so with any other power than
Spain, it is clear that the fortress of
Gibraltar would be no obstacle in her way
and even with Spain inimical she might
force her way tnrougn. The tnmv is
past when rivers or straits may be de
fended by fortresses. The experience of
Farragut at JNew urieans proved that
steamers can sail thirteen knots an hour,
and it takes at least nlteeu minutes to
train one of the heaviest guns. How
effective then they can be it is easy to
sec, for between one shot and the next
the vessel has gone three miles away,
On the other hand there must be re
membered the derision -(with which a
similar proposition was received some
tune ago m England. It is a question
whether Spain has anything sufficiently
valuable to offer that would be accepted
unless Cuba, and there are forty million
objections to England's acquisition of
tlie ever faithful iste. Moreover, even
if England is no longer European, she is
A c i n 1 1 .i ml i n-.i 1 1 1 1- AT .1 1 f o onrl na,
are milestones on the route from Bombay
to Southampton. With the Jiussian
Bear grasping the Golden Horn and
pawing the Isthmus of Suez and Egypt,
it is more than ever important to Eng
land that she should hold the gate of the
Europeau lakes. If it has no value as a
toil-gate such as it was when the pirates
of Tarifa on the opposite shore gave a
new word to our language to which the
pirates of Washington have given a new
force it, h.is'at. least a value as a naval
station, and beneath its guns the ships
oi England would oe as sate trom every
one save their own commanders.
Notice.
Petition for Divorce.
r
State of Onio,
Lake Co., ss.
HKXRY KLLS WORTH whose residence it
unknown, is notified that Caroline Ells
worth ilifl on tne luth clay ot oveinuer, lsu, nie
her ietition in the office of the clerk of the
Court of Common Pleas within and for the
County of Lake and tstate of Ohio, charging the
said Henry Ellsworth with adultery and gross
neglect oi uuty, ana asking tnat sue may oe ui
vorced from the said llcnrv Ellsworth; which
petition will stand for hearing at the next term
of said C ourt.
CAROLINE H. ELLSWORTH by
John Cavendish, her Att'v.
PainesTille. Nov. luth. ltr.i. 18fk
in itself is almost unparalelled, the following:
to each sne composing- tbe club we
will present a. copy of one of tne
Steel Plate Eugraviuga, which sell
at CS.50 apiece. So that in presenting this
premium, our offer stands as follows to any per
son procuring us the names (and money) for one
hundred and twenty-five yearly subscribers to
the Journal, wo will present a Seventy Dollar
tlias Howe Sewing Machine, and at the same
time will give to each of the persons belonging
to the club, a beautiful engraving, the price of
which would be JUST THE SAME as the origi
nal subscription price to the paper, namely Two
Hollars.
W. J. PRATT,
WITH
Hoiver ITigbee,
CLEVELAND, OHIO.
Where I shall be happy to soc. all persons Tis-
iting Clevelantl.tojjurcuase
Dry Goods.
Orders for samples, or goods of any kind
promptly filled. Don't forget who
to call for.
Yours Respectfully,
19dh8 W. JT. fBATT.
The
PAINESVILLE
JOURNAL,
Sewing Machine I
ALSO
GIVEN AWAY.
Another splendid chance to anyone desiring
to obtain a genuine
lias Howe Sewine Ma
chine For Nothing
To any person getting upa clubof one hun
dred yearly subscribers, and forwarding
the price of subscription, 200, we will present
one of the justly celebrated Elias Howe Sewing
Machines which sell at SG3.0O, and to each op
the persons composing the club we will
present a splendid steel-plate engrav
ing -which retails at tZ.OO. The only
difference between this club and the proceeding
one is in the value of the machine, and conse
quently in the number of subscribers required.
The machine for G5.00 is the same as that for
70.00 except that one is provided with a cover
and the other is not. In every other particular
the two are identical.
The Literary Department
Will always be found filled with choice and
varied reading, either written expressly for the
Journal by the best authors of the land, or
carefully selected from the ablest home and for
eign publications. The sekials are exciting,
and free from any of the objectionable features
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essays
npon ReugKus,Social or Political topics are able,
fair and liberal Its humorous column quaint.
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected,
pore, chaste and of the highest order.
The Children's Column.
Has already ocquired a reputation which was
well expressed by oue of the lady subscribers
who said "That one column alone' was well
worth the whole price of subscription. Its
stories are pretty and inculcate he highest
morality." i
The Religious News
is culled from the religious publications of the
whole world, and presents a brief but compre
hensive view of all that occurs of interest during
each weelc, together with such other items of
general religious information as are. of interest
toalL
The Agricultural Column
Is carfully edited with a desire to- always pres
ent reasonable suggestions and hints that will
benefit the Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricultural interests.
The Column ot Practical Bints
Is prepared with the greatest care, and will be
found to contain much information that will
be of use in the family and in the workshop,
No receipts are presented .without first having
been practically tested, and lience may be re
lied npon.
The Editorials
Will always be fair and impartial, find as able as
the abilities of the editor will enable them to be.
The News of the Week
Is a department which is alone worththe full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
latest and most reliable news of the whole week.
collected from every part of the world. It is
carefully prepared and arranged in States and
Countries. The entire civilized world is repres
ented in the column-devoted to this department,
and no other paper here presents in its entire
contents so great an amount of reliable informa
tion in regard to the doings everywhere as is
found in this one department alone.
The Markets
In all the principal eities from which produce Is
received or to which it is sent, are given up to the
latest honr of going to press and are always re
liable ami correct.
The Local News
From all parts' of the County is full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal are able, and spare no labor in col
lecting items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire,
The Columns of the Journal
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic
of public interest wnich contains no element of
personalities, and, although the editor Will not
hold himself responsible for the views and opin
ions that may be advanced, yet tbe contributors
are at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their positions.
The Journal!
In short is a paper wherein Freedom of Speech,
Energy In Collecting News, firmness in Discus
sion and the broadest Liberality in all things win
always be found.
0
Other Splendid Premiums.
WATCHES of the World-
Renowned American
Watch Company's
Make Given
Tor
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
TO THL'
JPainesville Journal.
As Follows:
f-
To any person procuring fifty new year
ly subscribers to the Journal, will be pre
sented one of the American Company's
Sterling Silver, Hunting Case, Gen
tlemen's Watches. These, watches are
furnished with solid silver caps! and will be
warranted as genuine American works, and sol
id Sterling SilverCases. The regular price
for the watches is 140.OO. As in all other
clubs, so in this we will in order to enable those
getting up the lists to offer every inducement
also give to each one of the fifty persons compos-
lag the club, one of the large Steel Plate En-
gravings, S2xM, which retail at tS.OO, just the
subscription price of the pajier itself.
To any person procuring forty new year
ly subscribers to tlie Journal, we will pre
sent a watch precisely similar to tbe above in ev-
ery respect, except the weight of the cases, and
which retails at (30.00, and as before an en.
graving to each of the forty subscri
bers.
otherVremiums
KOR
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works
BEST AUTHORS.
Vnf Tlil.fir nam cnliem-tluiM will Vi0 irtlTPII
splendid copy of Webster's Unabridged
Dictionary, which sells at 412.50, and to
each of the thirty members of the club
one of the t2.00 Engrav in gs.
Or for thirty new Subscribers win be
given a full bound set of Dicken's Works,
which retail at S9-UO, and a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Girls Magazine, the sub
scription price of which is 3-OU, while an en
graving valued at (2.00 will be given to each
of the club. i
For twenty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two of the following
named magazines or paper: Cassell's Magazine
(monthly parts, reprint), price S.B0 per annnm;
Hearth and Home, weekly, price .00 per an
num; Home Journal, weekly, t .00 pea annum;
New York Ledger, -weekly, price 8.00 peran
The Rural New Yorker, weekly, 8.00 per' an
num; Uodey's Lady's llook, monthly, price o.wi
per annum, and each of tbe twenty in the
club will also be presented with a magnifi
cent steel plate engraving valued at
2,00.
For ten subscribers a years subscription
to any one of the magazines or papers named
above, will be given to the getter up of the club
and an Engraving to each member of the club.
For Five subscribers, an engraving
as above and the Journal for one year
will be sent to the getter up of the club, and an
engraving to each one of theothcr five
composing the club.
TOR. NOTHING.
England.
Tlie World's special says that at
Council of Workingmen, Mr. Scott
Russell stated that the Lords were still
anxious to perfect an alliance, and that
a joint meeting of both Couaeils will
soon De held.
A colliery explosion occurred near
Bromwich while the mea wereht work.
Eight miners were known to be killed.
A similar accident is reported in a coal
mine near Havesford, by which twenty
men were injured, but as far as has been
ascertained, no one was killed outright.
The sudden and severe coldness of the
weather causes great distress among the
unprepared poor. ine ponce returns
show that within the city limits in .Lon
don seventeen deaths have resulted
mediately from extreme cold since ice
first appeared. Measures 'are being ta
ken to provide tuel and clothing lor the
sunerers.
A Fenian demonstration was made In
Cork in honor of the martyrs of Man-
cnester. mere was a procession an 1 a
meeting in the evening, at which some
eight thouaand people took part. The
proceedings, though animated, were
orderly, aud the police, who mustered In
iorce, Had no occasion to interfere.
A letter from London states that at the
meeting of the Anglo-American Associ
ation on Nov. 13th, at which the scheme
ior presenting the nucleus of a free li
brary to Chicago was adopted, communi
cations approving of the plan a id offer
ing assistance in its execution were read
from Disraeli, Marquis of Lome, Foster,
Arnold Argyle, Carlyle and others. The
Association Is presided over by Thomas
uugues, m. f.
A dispatch from Luzerne, Switzerland.
announces that Count Gergerti, son-in-
law ot ex-tjueen Isabella, ot Spain, com
mitted suicide in tnat city.
The Standard is informed that Russia
has undertaken special armaments on
gigantic scale. She is forming two forti-
ned camps, each to hold 180,000 men.
One has been established at Smolensk,
and the other will probably be located
on the Galician frontier. These prepara
tions are believed to be directed more
particularly against Austria, because the
appointment of Count Andreassy is re
garded as unfavorable to Kussia.
The Times errounds its belief in the
re-election of Grant because of the fact
that he has brought about a reconcili
ation of the United States with England,
and has effected a reduction of the na
tional debt. It continues in highest
praise of President Grant, declares his
consent to hold office a benefit to the
country, and expects a million and a
half votes in his favor at the Presiden
tial election.
The World's special says a distin
guished cardinal authorizes the state
ment that the Pope will not leave Rome
unless he is compiled to do so by physi
cal iorce or personal violence.
The journals of last Tuesday reflected
an uneasiness, which is concealed by no
one, witn regard to tnj rrince of Wales.
It is represented that rumors are cur
rent at Windsor that the Prince was
worse, and that much alarm was felt at
tlie Castle. This, coupled with the an
nouncement that tho Queen would prob
ably remain all day at the Prince's resi
dence, strengthened the Impvesslon that
the crisis of the fever was at hand, but
the latest bulletin states that the Prince
was able to. sleep during the night, and
Hint tne lever is lessening.
Notwithstanding the large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upon tne Sub
scription Book of the Journal, it u hoped that
the next thirty days will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-five hundred
subscribers by the first of January are Jbhe least
that are expected, and in order to secure them,
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
Lists ever offered by any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves of.
To every new yearly subscriber, on and
after this date, will be presented s beautiful
Steel Plate Engraving,
SIZE 18x84.
The retail price of which Is everywhere not
less than SS-OO. v
Remember This is not a premium offered,
In ease you secure one or more new subscribers
aside from your own, but is a magnificent pres
ent made to each and every person who shall
subscribe to the Journal for one year. The
picture itself cannot be bought, for less money
than both picture and paper are famished for ia
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
want of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscription Is made the sub
scribers can take their choice.
o
READ THIS.
As a great many persons desire to secure
one or more magazines and papers at tbe same
time, arrangements have been made, by which
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
the other publications of the day, on terms so
favorable, as to afford an opportunity, but sel
dom met with, to secure tlirin.
MONTHLIES.
jok rniSTixa.
TOl HNAI, JOB OFFICE ALL KINDS
ft or I'lam ami Ornamental rrlnting. -OH
No. 114 Ntm-kwell House lllock, Nuiu atrevt.
SEWING MACHINE
Great Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of The
Painesyille Journal
"Wanting a Per
fect Sewing
Machine.
The celebrated Ellas Howe Sewing Machine is
known the world over as standing among tbe
few leading machines that may be called per
fect.
There are sa many good Sewing Machines
made now-a-days, tl. is has been a difficult
matter to say which is the best. But we have
selected the celebrated Howe Sewing Machine
to offer as a premium, Imoause we consider it.
bevond a doubt, equal to the viry best, if not
superior to any Sewing Machine Made. The
reputation of this machine tor simplicity, dura
bility, rapidity of action, and having the best ef
stitches, rauksfwith the verv best. This ma
chine, with walnut table, cover, and the modern
improvements sells at Ssvbntv Iollars.
We willprcsent suchfajmachiue to any person
whoyiil send us the names of One Hundred
and Twenty-Firs new subscribers, which,
at our usual rates, $2.00 each, is fiSGO.
We simply want the names, with the money
ot one huHdmt and ttcenty-Jte. m-ima who do
not take our paper, and vm really subscribe for
it; they may lie sent one at a time, or all togeth
er, they may be at one post-office, or more than
one we are only particular that they shall be
bona'v. nw mbieriber. On this liberal offer
we shall expect to send one of these indespensa
ble household articles into almost every town
si.i in this county.
Persons Intending to take advantage of this of
fer, aud sending the subscribers names as they
obtain them, will ploase state In each instance
that they are sent on this account.
All subscriptions sunt under this offer must
begin with tho number of the paper next after
THE RECEIPT OF THE MOSEY.
Remittances must be maid by post-office
niouey-ordor, bank check, or express (paid.)
69 In order to present every possible in
duiRtniont to those desiring to work ifor this
premium, wfwill add to Uil aiwve otter, wbMb
The Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary magazine of the country.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy and readable.
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented and liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piquant and interesting.
Scribner's Monthly,
Earnest, capable and unbiased.
Isippincott's Magazine,
Ever filled with varied and rare gems. Price
of the above magazines, Four Dollars each.
Any one of the above magazines will be sent for
ne year together with the Journal, price
TwO Dollars, and ku engraving; also
worth Two Dollars, to Any person who will
forward Five Dollars; ot we will send any
ne of the magazines for rat year and the
engraving to any one who will send us
twelve new subscribers to ths Jour
nal, together with the money.
We will lasosend the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars one splendid Steel
Plale Engraving worth Two Dollars
together with:
Blackwood's (Reprint), price 4.00 for
Frank Leslie's Ladie's Maza-
zine, price 3.50 for
American Law Register, price 5.00 for
Lady's Repository, price 3.50 for
Our Young Folk's; price .00 for
Peterson's Magazine, price 8.00 for
B.SS.
.50.
&.U0.
3.50.
4.00 for
4.00 for
4.00 fir
4.00 Tor
3.00 for
.oii for
3.00 for
WEEKLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription
price Two Dollass an Engraving
worth Two Dollars together with
The American Citizen, price -i.OO, for
Appleton's Journal, price 4.00, for
The Clipper, (sporting) price MM for
Frank Islie's Illustrated
Newspaper, price
Frank Leslie's Chimney
Corner, price
Frank Leslie's Boy'saud Girl's
Weekly, price S.50 for
Harper's Bazaar, price
Harper's Weekly, price
Xew l'ork Ledger, price
lrotestant I 'hurchinan, pi Ko
Scientific American, price
New York Weekly Times, price S.00 for
New York W'klyTribune.prioeS.OO lor
New York Weekly, price 8.00 for
Kvery Saturday, price 8.00 for
Toledo Blade, price S.00 for
QUARTERLIES.
We will send tho Journal subscription
price Two Dollars an Kugravlng, &c
together with:
Krittihnr-irh Rt'rlnu'. t lCelniutl m-ice 4.00 for K fSL
London Quarterly Review, price 4.00 for 5 00.
North British Review, pries 4.00 for S.00
Westminister Review, price 4.00 for 5.00.
FOREIGN WEEKLIES.
We i send tho Journal -subscription-price
Two Dollars-r-anEizgraving worth.
Two Dollars together with:
Atheuamm, price luw for 10.W),
Bells 1 J la, price 10.00 for 10 00.
Spectator, price 15.00 for 14.00.
Art Journal (inonthly)4i ice 16.00 for 14.00.
Any other publicatiou in Europe or America,
est WfrutskedSitHkVrskMiafllevai..
6.50.
8.50,
S.S0.
6.50.
3.75.
6.75.
-5.75.
4.XB.
4.76.
4.75.
3.50.
135.
4.15.
8.50.
S.15.