:4 Mani? V. «x x.
A a A m. saw-2?— in"
I hint; ’'l P‘ﬂ'kiﬂ‘g
1“ f‘a‘it‘W—g t g
"Mfmvﬂru‘: aid. ,A, O
v “1:” 1%, g .37 351* v ‘f‘hsw
W w .---#s:.er _.Wﬁ_‘____ﬂ_ 32:..w
Vol. 1.
PUGET sounn DISPATCH.
rvnusm my xomut Home.
[ARRABEE I. 60.
Publishers and Proprietors.
TERMS I
Slngle Copy One Yam"... "$3 00
Six M0nth5.................. 200
Tlmee .................150
Single Number............... 12
Puynble Invurhbly in Advance.
RATES OF ADVERTISING I
Om- Square 0112 Linea. lat Insertion. .32 00
Eavh Subsequent Insertion. 1 0|)
Yearly and qunrterly navel-ligaments at the
lowest tau-a.
JOB PRINTING
Of awry description done at the moat reason
able mics. 7
AGENTS
Olympia.... ..Cnpt. Frank Tarbell.
va York. ...Hudson A: Mum-t
l’urtland.. ...G. W. Cannon.
\‘irturin, B. C .Charles McCormick.
Port Tuwnsend, .Gcorge Barthmp
'i'nrt Dismvery,. .M. Menuhin;
Sunlmmish City" .E. C.Fcr;:usnn
Slaughter. ......Joscph Gibson
_
OFFICIAL DIRECTORY.
KING COUNTY.
Orange .‘l‘ucobs,. ...Jadgv: of District Court.
David T. Banyan"... ...County Judge.
Lewis V. Wyckon'..." .Slxcriﬂ‘.
Gardner Ke110gg,.................. ....Auditor.
Oliver C. Shorey. ..Tn-asnrcr.
George E. Whitwonh. .Sun’eyor.
“'llllum H. Shoudy.... .......Assessor.
Josiah Settle... ..Comner.
l'l'tl‘l‘ Saar, Henry L. Yoslcr, and Francis Mc
Sam, (Minty Commissioners.
CITY OF SEATTLE.
mom 'l‘. 10mm. ..Mayor.
lemme MrC-mzaha ..Clerk.
(‘lmlus ﬁ. Burnett. "Treasurer.
In". C. l'vrk‘ms. .Rm‘order.
1.. V. Wyrktﬁ.. .Mnrshnll.
I;v.-riuh Brown. .Cily Printer
Frank Mathias, 6%»: P. Stone, Amos Brown,
ﬁamm-l P. (Seem-Ls, hi. (P. Mews, L. B. An
dnwvi, Clitﬂcs W‘ Ingmﬁmuumen.
-———<.>——w——
NAILS-
Thv Svame Mails min-m mm mm. as {Ol.
I nws
tin-gun. ('alifomia and Atlantic States, rm.
02px) la, Tucnma and Sloilacmxu Arrive Mun-
days and Tlmmluys. 5 o'clock. A. M. Drpan
'l‘umluys and Fridays. 10 V. 11. Close 9P. M.
\‘il-turia, via Ports Madimn. Gamble, Ludlnw
and 'l‘nwnsvnd, Tuesdays and Fridays, in v. 31.
Depart Mondays. 6 15 A. 31.; Thursdays, 5 15
A. x. Close 6A. y. and 9P. u,
thimm, riu mqum, Sunliom‘lin. 'l‘iﬁdz'rp,,
("nun-ﬁll». Rowland, Utsalady. Lamnm-r. Fi
ilnLvu :unl Samish Arrive, Wednesdays, 8 v. u.
D. pal-L Mnndasi, 9A. 1!. Close 830 A. 3!.
Franklin, ria. White Sliver and Slaughtor
Arriws, Wmlncsdays. 7 r. H. Departs. Tues.
:l;l}"‘,-: .x. M. Clwses l} 30. A. I.
Sun-mulmic. rm. mu): Bjrl‘fﬂld Squak Ar
riww. “him-Mays, Br. M. began-ts, Tuesdays,
T .L M. Closes I} 30 A. M.
Port Orchard, rid. I’urt Blakely Arrives.
Tlll'ﬁdnyﬁ. 11 A. M. Departs, Mondays, 11 A. )1.
l 11:50:: 10 43.
m
auras 31c xmmrr. .lon LEAIIY.
McNAUGHT LEARY.
Attorneys at Law,"
Seattle, W. T.
will practice in Supreme and District Coats
cf Washington Territory.
JOHN J. McG‘ILVRA,
Attorney at Law,
SEATTLE, ”W. T.
Will attend :to business in all parts of the
“Territory. ‘3O
[IEOIIﬁE )1. meS'AM. WALD“ M. YORK.
McCONAHA YORK.I
[bltll.srlors, Jtlorlwys, Solicit
ors in Chancery, and Proc
fors- flaw-14min: lty.
MFF!CEB—'XO.'s 1 and 2 Displtch Buildings,
SEATTLE, \V. T.
'W. M. YORK, Noun Punuu. no
IRVING BALLARD.
Aftorney (f: Counselor at Law,
Stcilucoom, W. T.
11st I; Am: w. u. want.
LARRABEE WHITE.
Counsdors, Attorneys at Law,
AND
Solicitors in Chancery,
(Diepafch._lluilrliv¢gs,)
SEATTLE.
Will practice in thc Supreme and District
(hurts.
McNAUGHT LEARY.
SEATTLE, W. T.
Real Estate and Tax Agents,
REAL ESTATE bought and sold.
LOANS negotiated.
CLAIMS collected.
FOR SALE.
LOTS IN CITY OF SEATTLE, im
proved and unimproved.
Also, LANDS in King. Kitsnp, Sno
homish and Island Counties.
Tracts at HOLMES’ HARBOR,» CA
MANO ISLAND, MUKILTEO, PORT
TOWNSEND. PORT DISCOVERY,
NISQUALLY. etc. etc.
Also. several Bottom Land FARMS,
under cultivation, on the White. Black.
Cedar. and anamish Rivera.
AGEms—For Remington and Osgood.
New York Benjamin Flint, San Jose,
California, etc. etc.
MCNAUGHT a LEARY.
JAMES MCNAUGHI,}
JOHN mum,
Scuttle, W. T. Ang. 28. 1371- 1511'. 1
SEATTLE, ‘VASIIINGTON TERRITORI’, MONDAY MORNING. DECEMBER 11, 1871.
Supreme Court of Washington
Territory-
The United States}
vs.
Watts.
mssnxnxo 02310}: or o. moons, CHIEF
JUSTICE.
As I cannot assent to the conclusion
reached by the majority of the Court in
this case, I will brieﬂy state the conclu
sion of my own mind upon the question
of jurisdiction involved in the ease, with
my reasons therefor.
I have come to the conclusion that
the United States side of the Court had
jurisdiction, and for the following rea
sons y 7
lst, We all agree that, the phrase
sole and exclusive jurisdiction,’.’ as
used in the Crime act of 1790, has no
‘reference to a claim of jurisdiction made
by any foreign power. but to State and
‘Federal jurisdiction; or as we are Situa
ted. to Federal as contradistinguished
from Territorial jurisdiction. We also
agree that it is the duty of the judiciary
to extend the jurisdiction of the laws of
the United States as far as the political
department of the Government extends
the territorial area.
‘2dly, In my judgment it. is the duty
of the Courts to construe all such eon
ventians as that entered into between
the Government of the United States
and Great Britain with reference to the
‘island of San Juan, so as have“: the
evil apprehended and sought to be pre—
vented. When the convention was en
tered into there was imminent danger
of a. conﬂict of arms. That danger arose
from two causes—the action of the mil
itary commander of the department, and
the enforcement of the laws of Wash
ington Territory over the disputed do
main. The ﬁrst danger was removed by
a change of commanders; the second by
the exclusion of the laws of the Territo
ry, and that exclusion has been enforced
by the military power of the Govern
ment. ever since.
“13*, Was the intention then of the
1 high contracting parties to exclude all
laws from San Juan Island and to mrke
i it a secure asylum for thieves and mur
-Idercrs 3’ I think not. Possibly there
might be some ground for the recogni
nition of the distinction between acts
main in. se and nu’a proLibz‘ttz—acts
which under every law, human and di
vine, are criminal. and those acts which
are only criminal by virtue of some pos
itive statute making them such. I infer
that two civilized nations would not di—
rectly or indirectly concur to create any
such asylum. It was the design then
that some laws should exist and be en
forced on that island. That it was the
design of our Government to exclude
the laws of the Territory, is manifest by
lthe proceedings of the Coveution and
l the action of our Government from the
lilate of the Convention down to the pre
sent time. It was so understood by the
military, acquiesced in by the other de
partments of the Government, and re
cognized as a. fact by the Legislature. as
is evident by the release of the county
of Whatcom, within Whose limits the
island was included by a prior act of the
Leg'slature,_ from the payment of all
costs for the prosecution of persons
committing crimes on said island. See
Law of.
Whatever jurisdistion might have been
claimed by the Tei-ritory prior to the
last cited act, was virtually abandoned
by it.
The exclusion of the Territorial laws
,since the date of the Convention, has
,been open, manifest and palpable, and
I believe rightful. Then, if lam cor
‘rect in my conclusions, no other laws
iwere in force on the island {or the pun
iishment of persons guilty of murder
1(not connected with the military) but
the laws of the United States. In fact
,it would follow as a natural sequence,
i that if the Territorial laws were exclud
ed, it would be a. place or district “un
der the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States." Hence the laws
of the United States would be operative
there.
I can see many cogent reasons why
it was desirable to exclude Territorial
laws and Territorial ofﬁcers from that
island. The Territorial Legislature rep
resented but a small portion of the Amer
ican people, and was far removed from
the power which was responsible for a
state of peace or war, and before meas~
nres could be disapproved by Congress,
a. conﬂict. might be precipitated. Ter
ritorial oﬁicers were not. responsible,
directly at least, to the supreme power.
It had no control over their ofﬁcial con
duct. All will agree that such control
‘ought to be directly with the responsi
‘ble power. That could only exist legit
imately but by the exclusion of the local
jurisdiction and the operation of the Im
tinnol jurisdiction, modiﬁed by express
convention or by necessary implication.
1 It might be very competent and very
i proper in the accomplishment of the ob
ject had in View, for the treaty making
3 power to suspend all laws {or the pun
ishment of oﬂ'enders, save in the cases
where the acts were crimes by the uni—
versal judgment of mankind. The pow-
er to suspend or modify must existsome—
where, or in chse of disputed jurisdic
tion there could be no treaty or com-en- 1
tion. All such conventions are founded
on the mutual concessions of the high
contracting parties. After the conven
tion had been signed the supreme power
in our own Government, took possession
of the disputed Territory, segregated it
from its former local jurisdiction, and
administers, modiﬁes or suspends its
own laws by its own military or judicial
ofﬁcers. The supreme power acts through
its own functions and not through that
of an inferior jurisdiction. It adminis
ters its own laws so far as such adminis
tration is not in conﬂict with the Con
vention. Its power is ample, and it
needs not borrow from the inferior ju
risdiction.
It cannot be argued successfully that
because San Juan Island is within the
limits of “’ashington Territory, that
therefore it can only be subject to its
laws. Puget Sound, Admiralty Inlet,
and one half of the Straits of Film, were
within the Territorial boundaries, bu
still many of the criminal laws of the
United States extend over them. NBl
can the joint possession of the Uni
ted States and Great Britain aﬂ’ect the
question. The high seas are in the joint
possession of all nations, and yet every
nation furnishes its own subjects for
crimes committed there. Watts is an
American citizen and the victim of his
violence was also.
4thly, I am unable to convince my
self that if one general law of the Terri
tory went to that island, but what all
general laws'would go there. That they 3
were not and are not permitted to go‘
there is a. fact too palpable for argument. l
The alternative is then presented, either
that their exclusion by force was righto 3
ful. or that the military department of i
the Government has been guilty of a
gross usurpation. The latter branch of
the alternative ought not to be received
without the clearest and most indisput
able proof of its correctness. lam not
contending for the doctrine that a mili
tary order is absolutely conclusive upon
the Courts. but it is always entitled to
respectful consideration, and will be
presumed to be lawful until the contrary
is shown. Especially should such be
the case when the order emanates from
the highest functiouary of the military
department, and has been long sanc
tioned, at least by the acquiescence of
every other department.
To have permitted all the laws of the
Territorial Legislation to have gone to
that island, would have resulted in the
uulliﬁcation of the Convention. It would
in fact have given the Territorial Legis
lation a veto on the treaty making pow
er of the Government. Could this Con
.vention have stood for a day with the
iextension of the taxing power over that
:island ‘3 Every one knows that it could
Enos. If the Territorial jurisdiction ex—
-Itended there, it had a right to tax the
property of the inhabitants thereof for
Territorial and other legitimate purpos
es. Taxes are not levied upon citizens
only, but inhabitants—property-holdersl
resident within the jurisdiction. The
rightful exercise of such a power would
have been decisive of the controversy—
or rather it would have been exclusive
of any rightful claim to controversy. Its
attempted exercise would have been re
sisted with all the power of Great Brit
ain. Reverse the circumstances and let
British Columbia attempt to exteni its
taxing power over that island, and the
Government would resist the insult with
all its military power.
On what principle could a part of the
general laws of this Territory go to that
island and a part not. It is of very
essence of general laws at least, that
they should be uniform and universal.
lt'the Territorial jurisdiction extended
at all, it is complete and entire. It
reaches all rightful subjects of legisla
tion, and is supreme within those limits.
For the above reasons I am of the
opinion that Watts was rightfully in
dicted under the 4th section of the
Crime Act of 1790, which reads as fol
lows:
I f any person or persons shall with
in any fort, arsenel, dock-yard, magn
azine, or in any other place or district
of country, under the sole and exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States, com
mit the crime of wilful murder, such
person or persons being thereof convict
ed shall suﬁ‘er death."
But if there be a doubt as to whether
San Juan Island was within the 3d Ju
dicial District or not, then the last clause
of section 28 of the Crime Act of 1790
would apply, for Watts was ﬁrst brought
into the 3d Judicial District and deliver
ed to the Marshal of the Territory by
the order of the Secretary of War.
Tun Non-runny I’Acmc Expmnrxa
Expznmox.— General Sherman telegra
phs to the War Department from Chicago
that the Northern Paciﬁc Exploring Ex
pedition has been heard from on its re
turn. one day out from Fort Race. No
trouble was experienced with the In
dians, and a. good route was found in
tersecting the Yellowstone, near the
mouth of Powder River.
[235" The steam tonnage of the United
Skates for the year ending June 30, 1871,
was 1,038,637 tons, an increase during
the year of 12,842 tons. Of this, less
than 50,000 .tons is reguquly engaged
in the fnggn tmdc.
Ohio Correspondence.
Commune, Onto, Nov. 6th, 1871.
Editor Dispatch
Since my last letter very little worthy
of special note in the political world in
this quarter has Occurred. My estimate
of the Republican Governor’s majority
fell a little short of the mark, full ofﬁcial
returns since making it a little rismg
20,000. The Republicans are very much
exercised over the (to them) unfortu
nate and unexpected tie in the Senate,
and the wiseacres of the party are puz
zling their brains to concoct some
scheme to circumvent the stubborn and
troublesome fact. The indications still
are that the Demicmts (who cannot
elect a man of their choice) will coalesce
with the conservative Republican men»
hers to defeat John Sherman for the U.
‘S. Senate, and the result will probably
fbe the election of Ex-Secretary J. D.
Cox. To-morrow election will take
‘place in a. number of the States, and in
‘n few days we shall have some light
thrown on the next great struggle for the
Presidency. The Democratic press in
some parts of the country is beginning
to discuss the Presidential nomination
for 1872. A Pennsylvania paper has
nominated Hon. Thomas A. Scott, of
Pennsylvania, as the Democratic candi
date, and a day or two since the Cincin
nati Enquirer declared for him. The
Ohio .Stalesman, of this city, and many
of the party organs throughout the
country ridicule the nomination of
Scott, and declare that no railroad king
or representative man of the immense
and-grabbing m'onopolies should be
made the standard heater of the Demo
cracy.
tive, sinking at last into the Presiden-
Our present gift-blessed Chief-Execu
tial Chair after his wearying and silent
wanderings, is more cheerfully confident
still (so say the Court Journals) of an
other four years’ occupancy of the
;\\'hite House. Yet, although success
lseemingly beams from the North and
l penetrates with golden rays the clouds
encircling the executive brow, Ulysses
does not puﬂ' his Havana in slotht'ul
security—as witness the bayonet rule in
South Carolina; and now comes the
credible rumor that martial law at the
South is to be extended over a much
larger area; also the war of the Fed
eral ring is to be vigorously prosecuted
in Utah, to propitiate or curry favor with
the general sentiment against Mormon
ism. That the prosecutions against
leading Mormons which are now such
‘a sensation over the land, and which
‘are known to have been determined on
in administrative councils) are intended
I for political effects—urged, too, by a
1 ring covetous of the increasing
1 wealth of the Mormons-—is pretty clear.
1 It seems a rather abrupt spasm of rir~
Itue on the part of a government that
has silently winked at Mormon practices
l for more than twenty years, and which
’in that period gave ofﬁcial position to
some of their strongest advocates.
Whoever has studied the operation of
those potent agencies, the railroad and
the telegraph, in Utah, aided by the
rapid inﬂux of an anti-Mormon immi
gration, has marked the change they
have wrought among that peculiar peo
ple, and how steadily they were under
mining and weakening the citadel of
justly ahhorrod polygamy. How far
persecution (by making new zealots and
martyrs) shall retard the consumation
of the work began and advanced by
those great reforming agencies, remains
for the future to develop. But Grant
must be elected, and the greedy Alexan
drina money ring must have more worlds
to conquer.
In a recent number of the most wide
ly circulated journal of this State I read
acolumn and a half letter written at
Olympia by a correspondent from the
East who professes to give the many
readers of the journal in question “a
round, unvarnished tale of the char
acter, climate and resources of your
Territory. In general, the views of the
writer are fair and pretty correct, but in
one or two respects he does the country
injustice. Iu treating of the agricul
tural features of the Territory. he esti
mates the arable lands at one tenth of the
whole, characterizing the remainder as
utterly Worthless for the uses of the
farmer; and in speaking of the N. P. B.
It, and the company ’s operations on that
end of the route, his evident intention
is to convey the impression at the East
that the Co’s. land grant on that end of
the route is comparatively worthless,
and the progress they have and are
making with the road little worthy of
note. From the tenor of the article it
is evident that “F. B. P.” visited only
the western portion of the Territory,
and wrote to suit the complexion of the
journal written for (Cincinati Commer
cial,) prejudices lie with the Southern
trans-continental route. lam more
‘coavinced than ever since my return to
land travels in the East of the great need
‘in the Territory of the creation of a
isociety, or of some organized and sysp
itematic method, for the diﬂ'usion
throughout the Eastern States of just}
and reliable information concerning the
climate, character, and resources of the
Territory. Many times hovel surpris
ed people by my accounts of your coun
ltry, and in no single instance did I (af
iter the manner of some of your too en
-Ithusinatic writers) tell them that you
can each Christmas gather ripening ber
ries and blooming roses in your gar
dens. that your farmers harvest 80
bushels of wheat and 800 bushels of
potatoes to the acre; that your cabbages
attain unmeasurable dimensions, and
your average trees a height of 300 feet.
The simple truth in regard to your
country’s advantages is sufﬁciently
mighty, and, if ﬁtly presented, “will‘
prevail." i
I observe by the Transcript that the
redonbtable Susan B. Anthony has pen
etrated to the remote shores of Puget
Sound. and has been lecturing the Ter
ritdrial Solons on their duty to down
trodden women there. The gentle
1 Susan's charge to the assembled law
}givers must indeed have been eloquent
‘nnd persuasive, to have made so invet
‘erate a bachelor as Bro. Gunn go off in
favor of female suﬁ'rage.
But my letter is trespassing on your
valuable columns.” Being on the
wing again and full of memories of
Olympian Days, the cucoethcs scri
bcndi seized me. Philo.
San Francisco Correspondence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 18, 1871.
Editor Dispatch
Since I last saw you, and when I
made the thoughtless promise to write
you a letter ‘once in a while—just from
Our Occasional,” you know—l have
been kept so closely conﬁned to the da
ties of my ofﬁce that I have not had
time to make the attempt to fulﬁl the
engagement; furthermore the city has
been so stupidly dull in matters of gen
eral interest, that, were I gifted with the
most facile of pens, I could not have
hoped to make an entertaining letter.
However, for the sake of my word, I
must make an eﬁ'ort to redeem my rash
promise; so here goes; and
Ist, In ﬁnancial circles the only nota
ble event has been the failure of the
banking house of John Sime 8; Co., of
this city. This involved and carried
down the long established bank of B. F.
Hastings 3: Co., of Sacramento. The
failure is deemed a bad one, and While
the calculation is that both concerns will
pay 50 cents on the dollar, yet I ween,
from past experience in similar matters,
that the creditors will be most fortunate
if they get so much. The cause of the
failure is said to be rash operations in
mining shares, induced, so goes the on
dit, by spiritual manifestations to one of
the partners How true this may be I
don‘t know, but true or not, I do know
that more than one (lefalcation, within 1
a. your past. in this city, was caused by
advice from the spirits, and I am told
by those who profess to know, that the
extent to which many men among us of
fair standing as men of sense are given
to consult the spirits in important busi'
ness matters, is truly alarming.
2d, The great topic now is—Was Hor
ace Hawes insane at the time of making
his will? As the case will be decided
before you get this, I venture to say the
jury will say yes." The case has been
on before Hon. Selden S. Wright. our
able Probate Judge for a week past, and
the evidence adduced thus far, exhibits
a most extraordinary state of mind of
deceased, a long time prior to his death.
I am told by ladies and gentlemen who
know Mrs. Hawes well, that she is one
of the most exemplary wives and moth
ers, and altogether without reproach;
patient and faithful to him and the vows
she had taken before God and man, and
that his suspicious of improper conduct
on her part, were infamous, and could
have arisen only in a diseased brain.
Hurry Byrne’s description of the late
Horace, in closing his evidence. is Har
ry all over, and conveys a great deal of
meaning. Said Harry, in answer as to
how Mr. Hawes looked on a certain oc~
casion, “He looked like the Genius of
Despair gazing upon the future." Coun
sel on both sides said, That is all, Mr.
Byrne.”
26, I am no gossip or I might worry
you with some of our social 0.1 dits, but
such would be of no interest to you or
your readers; I will only say, therefore,
i that our worthy Mayor gave a gand ball
lat his residence on Harrison street,
I(Rincon Hill) last week; that it was a
complete success, the ladies beautiful,‘
‘toilettes elaborate, elegant and tasteful,
the brave hearts and strong men," the
delirious music of the voluptuous waltz, 1
“eyes that looked love to eyes that 1
spoke again," all combined to render
the occasion more than ordinarily mem
orable, and to give satisfaction to the
distinguished host and hostess.
But I must stop or tire you to death.
I enclose a slip from the commercial
column of the Alta, giving an important
decision of the United States Supreme
Court
1 The Supreme Court at the United
States hns authoritatively settled the
question of certiﬁed checks, and has de
cided—ﬁve Judges concurring snd two
dissenting—that a. bank is bound by the
act of its cashier, and that when he cer
tiﬁes on the face of a check that it is
good for the money, the bank is bound
to pay the amount calledfor. The case
went up from Massachusetts, and the
facts were substantially ssfollows: Mel:
leu, Ward Co., brokers, borrowed up
wards of a half a million of dollars from
the Merchants’ Bank, Boston, deposit
ing gold and gold certiﬁcates as collate
ral security. Afterward a member or
the brokers’ ﬁrm came to the bank to
repay the loan and take up the securi
ties. He gave in payment checks upon
the State Bank, Boston, the cashier of
that institution being with him, and
certifying his checks as “good.” in the
usual form. When the checks were
presented at the State Bank, payment 1
was refused. for the reason that the
drawers, Mellon. Ward 8: Co., had no
funds in the bank. The Merchants’
Bank immediately brought suit against
the State Bank, and the whole case
turned upon the simple question: Is‘
‘the bank bound by the act of its cash
ier?” The Court below held that the
authority to certify checks was not in
herent in the cashier, and there being
no evidence that it had been expressly
conferred by the bank, the jury was di
rected to ﬁnd a verdict for the defend
ant. From this judgment the plaintiﬂ‘
took an appeal to the United States Su
preme Court, where the decision of the
Court below was reversed.
OCCASIONAL.
g‘nlitimi.
What New York Owes to Hon
est Democrats.
The New York correspondent of the
Chicago Tribune, writes:
The victory was attained by the co
operation of parties —Horatio Seymour,
Charles O’Conor, and other Democrats,
not only giving countenance to the civic
struggle, but coming down amongst the
people to stand for small otllces, and to
do volunteer work. This is a greater
victory.than the mere recovery of the
State to the Republican party; it shows
the might beneath parties, the suprem
acy of decency over passion, and high
citizenship never wholly extinct
amongst the most reactionary and am
bitions leaders. _ The victory in New
York is ascribable mainly to Democrat:
amongst politicans——to William C. Bar
rett, John Foley, Samuel J. Tilden, and
Seymour and O'Connor. These men re
ceived generous support for many of
the inland Democratic newspapers,
but none, to speak of, from the demo—
cratic papers of New York city. Here,
then, is the ﬁrst real Democratic victory
in twelve years—a victory of Democrats
over corrupt organizations, and a revi
val of that wonderful personal energy
and enthusiasm, which three times
home Henry Clay to the dust, and, as
‘led by Van Buren, opened the way for
staying of slavery. While the Ropulr‘
lican leaders of New York were often‘
snlky and selﬁsh, these better Demo;
‘crats, with everything to lose, stood to
gether like a wall. The great docu
ments of the campaign were theirs, be
ginning with the transcript} of’l‘nmmany
frauds furnished to the New York Times
by James O'Brian, followed up by the,
speeches of R. B. Roosevelt, Harem
eyor, Ottendorfe, James Brown, and
Barrett, and concluded by the papers of
O’Connor, Tilden, and others. It must
not be forgotton, either, that those men
prepared the Rochester platform of the
Democracic party in the State, wherein
all the to amendments the Federal Con
stitution were unqualiﬁedly concurred
in. This, I say, is the ﬁrst Democratic
victory since the nomination of Douglas
by the Northern Democracy at Baltimore
when they threw of the insolent domi
nation of the Southerners; it is now a
victory within the party over the despo
tism ot‘ the Northern Irish. What a
line cf such mortal victories may not be
seen for these gentlemen in the future,
if they'possesa the heroism to proceed
and tone their own organization up
to the period and their own better
convictions! The Democratic party
needs, ﬁrst of all, the conﬁdence of the
country before it can achieve any relia'
his series of victories at the polls. It
cannot win any sequence of races till it
is rebuilt or remodelled. It is now
like an old Spanish galleon, manned
with determined idiots, and racing
with the yacht America.
5? Seventeen inﬂuential German
journals of both parties, some of them
hitherto staunch adherents of the ad
ministration, have come out in favor of
‘the “new party movement” which Sen
ator Schurz has been urging in Tenne
‘see, Kentucky. Ohio, Illinois and Mis
‘sonri. It was expected that the Cinci
nnati Volksfreund, now, with its large
weekly circulation, the most inﬂuential‘
democratic German newspaper in the
West, would cordially welcome the new
movement; but it has opposed it lately
in several very bitter articles, insinu
ating that Senator Schnrz advocates the
plan only to secure a re-election to the
benate. Mr. Emil Rothe, the present,
editor of the Volksfreuud, and Carl"
Selim, Fears ago, lived in the mall
city of Watertown, Wisconsin, and were
rival political leaders there.
I? It is the purpose of the Utah Nor
thern Railroad Company toconneot the
Union Paciﬁc and Northern Paciﬁc by,
rail, extending fxom Ogden through.
Utah and Montana_ (0 the line of the
Northern road The road is now in:
process of construction between Ogden
and Soda Springs.
No. 2.
Dream. Pin-L— Can any one gobaok
far enough in Church history to tell us
just where Gloom crept in under covert
of Solemnity, and made people believe
that Piety meant grimness, and that to
be a servant of God one must be at war
with all innocent eujoyments? It wusa
long time ago years before Cromwell‘s
time. though that period, is generally
quoted as the beginning of the austere
and terrible religion. Indeed, now that.
the subject presents itself. it must have
been before Judas' day, for did he not
lonvil at the loving generosity of Mary,
[and try to convict her of sinful prodi
lgality because her devotion to her Lord
1 tooka form that did not please his taste?
He was a thief in his heart, and all,
gloomy groanera who want to drug rm
ligion out of the sunlight into the shad
ows are apt to be hypocrites in theirs.
True piety is a synonym for sunshine,
an antidote to care. A human bcing
truly in love with the Creator must be
in harmony with all created things
Heaven is above the mountain-top. to
which we all try to climb, but mostly
‘by different ways. Some-of us are doubt
ers, who go round tiring ourselves out
by cavilling at every open road we see,
and ﬁnally creeping upward through
briars and over stones. Others—and
these are the gloomy ones—prefer to
burrow for a path, and so dive down
into the dorksome earth to bore a road
upward through its rocky breast. Such
clouded minds, avoiding the light thems
selves, are the contemners of gaiety.
the railere at enjoyment, and the de
nouncere of all earthly haplness. Hav
ing chosen to climb underground
through mould in the atmosphere of a
damp grave, they are aggrieved at those
who keep up‘among the grasses and the
trees' shade, who rest at the‘brook's
side and stop to look on the beauty of
God's ﬂowers and listen to the songs
He has taught His birds. They loose
their sympathy with human kind in
their forced seclusion, and, toiling
through the darksome path—their la
borous hands groping constantly lest.
they loose the unlighted way—Ahoy ﬁnd
no wounded pilgrim to whom they can
prove a Good Samaritan, no thirsty
soul that can be refreshed with a cup
of water given in his name, opportunity
to help, to comfort, to encourage.
How To BE A Susannah—Many
persons are anxiously inquiring for
some explanations of the wonderful
spiritual phemomena which they have
witnessed. and of which we have heard
so much during the last few years.
The following item may assist them a.
little in this work:
A contribution to the literature of
Spiritualism is made this week in a.
published letter from Mr. Faulkner,
philosophical instrument maker, No. 40
Endell street, London. Mr. Faulkner
writes that for many years he has had
a, large sale for whit-rapping magnets
and batteries expressly made for con.
cealment under the ﬂoor, in cupboards,
under tables, end even for the interior
of the centre support of large round
tables and boxes; that he has supplied
to the same parties quantities of pre.
pared wire to be placed under the car.
pets and oilcloth, or under the wsinscoc
and gilt bending around ceilings an-l
rooms; in [not for every conceivable
place; that all these obviously were
‘nsed for spirit-rapping, and the come
tiou to each rapper and battery VIII to
he made by means of asmall buﬁam
like. those used for telegraphic bell-rings
in; purposes. or by means of 9. h3g3.
headed or other nail under the carpet at
particular patterns known to the spir
ualist. He-descrﬂles these rapperg as
“calculated to mislead the most weary,"
and adds that there are spiritrruppings
magnets and batteries constructed OXI
presoly {or the packet, which will mp
at any part of the room. He has also
made drums and hells which will beat.
land ring at command; but these two lut~
to! are not so frequently used as tho
magnets are, because they are too easily
detected. _
K? The Mont Cenis tunnel is not the
ﬁrst one through the Alps. Mom than
300 years ago a tunnel was built by
the Marqdis of Snluces. through the
Mont Viso, at whose foot the Po rises.
It is about one-sixth as long as the Mont
Cenis tunnel, and considering the dif
ference in the methods and implements
in use, it was guiteas buld nn.u;ulertak
king. “opens on the Italian side at the
very source of the Po, about 2,600 yards
above the level of the sea, .and more
than 2,150 yards of'its lengthi; cut in a
straight line threugh the solid rock in
the very heart of the Alpine chain. It
was intended to be used as .a turnpike
mad. and is to this day theonly direct
mute from Embrun to Saluoes. Partly
destroyed rby the King of Sardinia, so
as to impede the invasion of the French
cepnhﬂsan armies, «it. was afterwards req
Med and improved by Napoleon 1..
Strange that-sneha work should have
boondnoot forgotten. and should now
.be «(no pmctical use.
'lhethesbyterians are m establish an
‘Aeadmy at Salt Lake City, No student
with more than one wife will be admit.
=ted-to the honors of a ﬁrst class diplg.
m 5.