iii.a u
w
PHPPPBPgy?gg,Jv- k .JU.gJLUIi.Jw,M Wi'M I 'Ml fl
kl lllBj-w- I
.-Mr-: K-.1
-.3-J
e-l
THB IiBAVJCJN WORTH" W1CBKLY TD1BS THUKSDA Y; QCTOBBJR 12. 1871'.
,t.
t
E
t
te
k
s-
1T
P-
Pa.
r?K
Vv
m:-
$L
T
15-
-&iMw
-T.
WnM& ames
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12 1871.
ASOIUER KLCVTRIV MIIOCK.
One dispatch every two weele or once a
a month, from Leavenworth to the outside
world, would suit the jieople of SleepyHol
low, but not the merchants of a large and
rowing city. Kb disiatches again on yes
terday morning. We must apply the battery
to the corise once more. It him wake up,
jor rei ign his position.
TMESITLATIOX la TEXAS.
Texas affairs continue to be of interest.
r Gentlemen arriving in Washington recently
"do not tneak as encouragingly of l!epublican
prospects, as do letters received from jersons
actively engaged in the canvass. There
seems, however, a fair prosjiect, of electing
Col Whitmore; and of Judge Scott, the Re
publican nominee, defeating Representative
Conner. Manifestations of violence still
prevail. mm
KDMLIIX 1ST T1IK HOCTIIT.
We understand, says the St. Lous Demo
crat, that the officer cent by Gov. Brown to
investigate the alleged Kuklux outrages in
Southwest jKjrtion of this -State, has returned
to Jefferson Oity with the reKrt that the
terrible condition of flairs in that section
has not been in the least exaggerated. The
state of things is evidently bail enough, and
calls for the mint energetic action on the
part of the State authorities.
M OHNCTlla.-rA'rXKtX
Tbs question submitted by the School
Board is in reality only the action of two or
three advocates of the one M-ioii system.
Thewe honet men look the lullots to the
schools In most cases the teachers urged
the Kcholars to influence votes lor the one
session system. We submit that under these
circumstance it i" impossible to get any
thing like a fair expression from iiarents.
It is, however, in keeping with many former
acta ol these same men. There is no di.-j.o- i
sition shown by them to have a fair discus
sion of the question on its merits and then a
fair vote upon it.
THE lKnllIK.si1nlKIVATt: Sf.V
ItKTAKY. We publish in another column a brief
speech from Col. R. M. Douglas, the eldest
son of the "Little Giant.'' and the Private
Secretary to President Grant, delivered in
New York recently. Xo young man in
America, Iwni to greatness, like Col. I).,
ever before wore his honors with uch lie
coming modesty and humility. Gifted with
rare talents, he is courageous yet prudent,
and his private character as spotless as the
snow; and we can commend him, even at
this early period of his life, Ja.s a bright
example and a pattern to the youth of the
present generation.
Tin: t:mpi.AiNT or a i..m-i.i;i:-
1IEK.
Young Mr. Bennett, of the Xc York
Herald, seems to have yachts and yachting
on the brain, for he fills the columns
which his venerable ancestor crowded with
news interesting to jieople who lived on dry
land, with nauseating accounts of voyages
and ocean races, descriptions of cups, and
tittle-tattle aliout a fleet of first class oyster
sloops, most of which are owned in the Tam
many ring.
Jf the young man is o much smitten with
the raging waves, we advise him to sell out
the Herald establishment to some fresh-water,
corn-field, ferry-boat, canoe joddler, buy
up an old government transport, ship aj
printing office aboard, issue the "Daily
Codfish" and sail away to the Fejee Islands,
where with his yachts and yaching he may
bedevil the brain of unsophisticated canni
bal forevemiore.
TIIR
kcano.v wiir
STKOMi.
BUILEK IS
The New York Mail inquires how it hap
pened that Butler came so near being the
successor of Roliert C. Winthrop, John B.
Clifford, John A. Andrew, and other enii
nent Chief Magistrates of the old Bay State.
The Mail answers its own question as fol
lows
"We should sav that the eecret of Butler's
atrength has been his fearless opposition to
chartered monopolies and te the aggressions
of corporations on the people, and his
avowed determination to enforce all the laws
on the statute books. As to the former, But
ler's record hag been consistent from the
time when, as a voung lawver. he stopped
the wheels of a big factory until the wages of
a poor lemale operative had been paid. In
consistent on all other question", he has !een
consistent in his hostility to the corporations
that to-day are ruling and oppressing the
country. The people of Massachusetts have
of late taken a deep interest in this subject,
and they find in Butler the most belligerent,
powerful and fearless leader now prominent."
XELM)l'F..T HI AX TXCUHKKII.
It is laid that an ancient conquerer. de
siring to reduce a war-like nation to the con
dition of peaceable laborer), cau-ed the men
to be dressed as women and to pursue the
avocations of the female portion of the com
munity; and so successful was he, that the
once powerful tribe became so effeminate and
weak, that the men refused to bear arms but
rejoiced in their servility. However the fa
ble may run, there is a moral in the tale.
And while the American jieople have been
endeavoring to form the war-like tribes of
the plains into communities of peaceable cit
isens, it is strange that no one has found the
moral of the story, though statesmen have
exhausted their time and talents in its dis
covery. But this it seems has been rcseived
to the Indian himself. An orator more elo
quent than Tecumseh, in that he is a prophet
of troth, a Cherokee of wide acquaintance
and large experience has at last solved this
problem of civilization. We accept it with
a belief that it is the basis of a future devel
opment, in which the savage can be moulded
into the citizen and the hunter transformed
into a tiller of the soil. Col. Boudinott, in
a recent speech at a railroad celebration on
the borders of the Indian Territory said,
aad in vying it covered the whole grounds
of the controversy. "Better corral the chil
dren in school houses than the warriors on
reservations!"
There it is, the whole idea, like a flash
of light. Education, the spread of pure
English undefiled, the work of the churches
and of compulsory civilization in its most
powerful yet gentle processes. "Corral the
chamten in school houses," and
in another generation the painted
warrior will have disappeared from
the path of progress forever. But it wifl
eent patience and the sacrifice of many prej
udices and passions against the present
tribes. However, humanity demands that
the work be undertaken. And it we must
catch the children before we can corral them
let tome skilful mind devise the ways and
means to do so. For in this connection we
opine that the army may retire in disgust
"from the duty of guarding schoor-houses to
V.ILI. THE HXSfATOs. PACrJE?
I Lave no policy to enforce against the will
of the people. Grant.
It grant is renominated I will not vote for
him. Scliurz.
On the 4th day of March, 18C9, just after
taking the oath of office, President Grant, in
view of his predecessor's political errors,
made the above announcement in his inaug
ural addres-, showing that he rightly under
stood that he was only the chief servant and
first agent of the people in the execution of
the laws, which were but the expression of
their will And for hisguidance in this re
spect there were two authorities, the interpre
tation of the Courts and the voice of the ma
jority of the voters of the nation, in opposi
tion to which he announced that he had no
policy to enforce nor any scheme to foster.
It was an announcement which produced con
fidence, and while it assured harmony in the
party, it "till left the President free to pro
tiose and suggest such plans or propositions
for the public goud, as the opportunities of
his high jsjsition might give him occasion
to approve.
Among these projiositions was that of the
annexation of San Domingo. Owing to
cau-es almost entirely disconnected with the
subject of the treaty itself, such as State elec
tions, -rsonal feuds between Cabinet Minis
ters and distinguished Senators, a bitter con
troversy sprang up inside the Republican
party, led on by Messrs. Sumner and Schurz,
who vied with each other in the vehemence
of their assaults Uon the PicsidenL But
when the matter had been fairly tested and
all thtr facts, laid before the country, what
did the President say? He replied to these
gentlemen by rejieating his faith in the
benefits which would accruejfroin the annex
ation of San Domingo, but cuuicluded by
saying that as the proposition met with great
oppo-itiou that he had no policy to enforce
again-t the will of the ieop!e, who now hav
ing all the information necessary could form
their own eonclu-ions without his further in
terference. And notwithstanding the pre
dictions of disaffected Republicans, the
clouds which had gathered on the political
horizon all cleared away save one, and that
one no proceeds from the extraordinary
amount of explosive gas which Mr, Schurz
has thrown off during the summer.
The Senator declares that the Presidei t his
violated hi-, oath, and that he will not vote
for bun it renominated, while it is well
known that the exercise ofjwwer upon which
Mr. Schurz liases his allegation, has been
con-idered allowable by all Democratic
statesmen, and has not lwen seriously ques
tioned by any large number ol political
leaders since the action of President Polk in
the riening of the Mexican war. But the
Senator proceeds further. He projioses to
form a third party in opjiosition to Grant.
Login. Trumbull, Cox, Sumner and Gree
ley do not agree w-th him in this crusade
against the President They have proclaimed
that they will abide by the will of the major
ity: and if Mr. Schurz cannot do so much, if
he cannot recall his declaration against
Grant, let him at least cease to enforce his
iiolicy against the will o the party and with
draw his name from the admiration and a-
plati-e of the entire Democratic press. He
is still iii-ide our ranks, but his conduct is a
matter of -evere pain to his old and sincere
j friend-, who, alter many years of warm
friend-hip, find that they cannot join in the
plaudits with which their bitterest enemies
now grrrl him on all occasions.
The Republicans of Missouri liave been
exceedingly tolerant towards their erratic
and brilliant Senator. They have concealed
their ii ritttion as well as they could, but now
theiiiuucringsare more audible, and we fear
that Mr. Schurz is fast becoming incorrigi
ble in the prosecution of his scheme to organ
ize a p irty without a distinctive name, and
of the most conflicting elements and indefi
nite aims.
We trust that the Senator will pause. If
he will not support Grant, let him await the
issue in silence, since it is apparent that the
choice lies between a Republican President
and a Democratic one. there can be no
other alternative; and if he remains silent,
owing to his former services he can be ex
cused, ierhaH, when others would be
blamed.
In the name of his old admirers and
friends in the State of Kansas, who cannot
approve or countenance his strange scheem
of a new party organization, we say to him,
"Mr. Schurz, learn a lesson from your ene
my. You see that your proposition for a
third party is a failure. Xow, do as General
Grant did in the San Domingo matter. Say
to the (eople that you will desist, and await
the lesiilt in silence, since all the facts are
before the nation; and that you have no pol
icy to enforce against the will of the majority
of the Republican party, of which you claim
to be a member."
charges that the present Treasurer dots, pec
ulate in the public money.
The Democratic party of St. Louis re
cently refused, even after a nomination, to
support a candidate of their party for County
Auditor. He was beaten. Sometimes this
example might be imitated in such glaring
cases with success, in order to suppress
Tammany influences, for Tammany is a dan
ger which is common to Republicans as well
as Democrats.
We hope the Corpse is answered. The
next time we see it "shoving the queer''
around so freely, we will accuse it of specu
lating in borrowed or counterfeit editorials.
THE VOTE OB THE SCHOOL wU'ES
TieST. The organ of the man who does a bank
ing business on the funds of the city, has
lately assumed to be the organ of the men
who dictate and run the School Board.
They say that we know as well as they the
result of the vote to-day on the school ques
tion. We think we do know that the vote has
been so arranged that the result will be just
as they want it The plan is a mere farce,
and only shows that the men who have run
the School Board as a mere political ma
chine, are now attempting apiece of sbyster
ing and manipulating of the public schools,
that would disgrace the lowest pot house
politician. We have no inclination to con
test the matter with them. It is none of our
fight.
FREE
AMTKAXUE MESSAGE TWLOM
KAHSAS.
We observe in the Eastern papers a dis
patch from this city conveying the intelli
gence, (which was published in these col
umns several days ago, and was safe in New
York city before the dispatch arrived there,)
that all the colored laborers on the C AS.
W. R. R. have been discharged on account of
the demand of the Irishmen employed
upon the work.
We would not he astonished to read such
a statement from any Southern State, or from
New York city; but to read it as coming
from Boston, or Cleveland, or Leavenworth,
it does sound like a strange message, indeed.
What will our friends think of us It is a
blot upon our fame. Intolerance and pro
scription had nearly died away. All parties
divide on principle, and business with the
public welfare had seemed to be the common
aim. But here are new developments. The
question of labor is invaded by the question
of color, honest labor is to be graded by
the shade of a man's skin. And this was
the message of Free Kansas, on yesterday
evening to the civilized world
THE USE SESSION SCHOOL SYSTEM
D. R. Anthony opposes it as he opposes
everything, from personal spite, and because
the School Board refused once upon attme to
do him a personal favor. He has a memory
that is a miracle of vindictiveness, and he
never forgets an occasion where he has been
balked, or an individual who has balked
him. He lavs ud a stock of revenee as a
squirrel garners a crop of acorns, and he is
venting his petty and ineffectual spleen in
this matter. Commercial.
Personally we care very little about this
controversy. We have not said in the paper,
or before the Board, one word urging a re
turn to the old two session system except
upon the ground that the general improve
ment of the school children demanded the
change. We have always been familiar with
the common school system, and have been
its constant and earnest advocate.
We believe the one-session system as
adopted in this city, keeping small children
in school for four long hours with a recess of
only fifteen minutes, is not as irood as the
old system. We have so stated in plain,
courteous language. We supposed we had a
right to our own opinion, and a right to ex
press it.
We have not said one word of a personal
nature, and, notwithstanding all this, the
Commercial assails us in the discourteous,
personal, offensive, and dishonorable manner
quoted above.
The public will only see in this assault an
other evidence of the disposition to purpose
ly and maliciously misrepresent the facts,
while attempting to draw the great question
of the education of the youth of our land in
to the arena of personal and malignant war
fare.
We will have nothing to do with this per
sonal controversy with the editor of the
Commercial, for the same reason that we
avoid the two near approach to that name
less animal, whose strongest defense lies in
the switch of its brush.
of the 'sew counties, as also the maintenance
and support of her commercial and manufac
turing districts, and the onion and connection
by railroads of the .various sections thereof,
should be encouraged and promoted by all
the means in our power. And
Whebxas, Such connection between the
northeast, and southwest portions of our State
would be mutually beneficial in the develop
ment of the fertile valleys and prairies of the
southwest on the one part, and in advancing
the interests of the older portions of the
State, whose people are engaged in manu
facturing and mercantile pursuits. And
Whereas, It having been fully demon
strated by the first engineers of the country,
that the narrow gauge syrtem of railroads
can be operated more economically than the
system now in use, thereby affording to
merchants and farmers cheaper freights, and
to the traveling public lower tariffs; there
fore be it
Betolved, That we as delegates of the people
of the various counties and townships along
the line of the proposed road from Leaven
worth, Ottawa and the Southwest, having in
view the present wants of our several dis
tricts, their future and material welfare,
as well as the best interests of our State, will
lend our aidandinfluence in the construction
of any road which will give us easy access to
our commercial metropolis, and competition
in rates of freights believing that public
and private interests should be reciprocal;
be it further
Resolved, That we foster our present re
sources to the upbuilding of borne institu
tions and trade; that we will favor and
assist in establishing commercial relations
between competing points; that as we have
partial relations with at Louis, it is our
duty to further the interests ol the narrow
gauge road spoken of, it giving us at Leav
enworth direct communication with Chicago
and Eastern cities, by way of the Chicago A
Southwestern Railroad over the new railroad
bridge across the Missouri river. OftoiM
Journal.
Sheldon's Hall, during the afternoon, was
well filled with the solid men of Franklin
county and the delegates from counties along
the line of the proposed road. Interesting
speeches were made by Gov. Elder, Mr.
Schofield, H. T. Green, Dr. J. W. Morris,
A. M. Clark, T. C. Bowles, J. Means, F. E.
Collins, W. A. Shannon, E. A, Robinson,
W. J. Kent, A.B. Brown and others.
In the evening, speeches were made by
Col. Coffin, Mr. Schofield, Gov. Elder, Mr.
Gieen and Judge Sears. Great interest was
manifested in the proposed road, all the
speakers favoring it, and pledging the re
quited aid to build the road. Mr. Clark
aid the company had decided upon the De-
Soto and Ottawa route.
The meeting was a great success.
The people in the Convention and speak
ers without exception, expressed a desire
to favor the building up of a city within the
limits of the State.
All hailed with satisfaction, the near ap
proach of the time when through trains on the
Leavenworth, Lawrence Galveston R. R.
would run direct to Leavenworth.
If our people would go into the interior,
visit such triving towns as Ottawa, they
would do much to advance the material in
terests of our city and State.
THKOCGH roXXECTlOX WITH CHI
CAGO. It will be seen by the subjoined notice that
through communication for passengers and
freights has been tregularly opened with
Chicago. This is another energetic move in
the right direction, and we trust that our
citizens will avail themselves most liberally
of the advantages opened to them by the
new route to the Eastern States. The fol
lowing is the notice:
JJOTICE.
Through passenger and freight trains will
commence running on the Chicago South
western Railroad, on Monday, Oct 9th.
Trains will run in connection with the
steamer New Ella, leaving the levee, foot of
Delaware street, as follows: Mixed train
(passenger and freight), for Trenton and in
termediate stations, at 7:15, a. m. Express
passenger train for Chicago at 3 p. tu.
For tickets and information respecting
freight rates, apply at the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Office, corner of
Main and Delaware streets.
Hcgh Riddle,
General Superintendent
ofthedremajarred a (ever in the blood of
young manhood.
Perchance this may seem a light and triv
ial view of the subject, and true, there is an
other. Bat it is a pastime, nevertheless, this pri
t its equipage and smooth front of wrinkled
war. A pleasant one too, and blest always
with the approving smiles of the happy fair.
But enough has been said. We simply
meant to chronicle one of the signs of the
times, and evidences of returning peace,
when men once more resume the sword and
pin as instruments of amusement and not of
death.
EB1TOBIAL HmCEUASY.
keep the young savages from scalping their
Yet, if one or tw.o of them are who adds to his private gains from specula-
sacrificed on the altar of philanthropy, their
survivors will remember that, in the South
ern States, savages, no less relentless than
these of the plains, have burned school
hsajMB aad slain teachers; and the army
weald remember, too, that if the guarding
T American citizens in one portion of the
"'Jf s1 n the high and noble call
jsg st KOMling their fellow-men with the
lis) f knowledge from mental degradation
wM howotihlt .thct, that it would be as
elsewhere. The time, then, is
to the enterprise. Let us corral
em a well as the warriors, and
MB aad m&ttaty costs into aekmL,
l'--- VL-r 9.
Isn't it queer that the editor of a Republi
can i.ewspaper, in the midst o a political
inmiaign,snouId find time to write and pub
lish column after column of the vilest abuse
of a Kepiiblican city treasurer, uon a false
charge of speculating in the public money?
Isn't it queer that, knowing a democratic
county treasurer to be constantly guilty of
the same act falsely charged against a Repub
lican city treasurer, he can't get time to write
a won! about it Evening Corpse.
The aliore queer conundrums having been
propounded by the Corpse all we have to
say in reply is that we are not in the midst
of a campaign for city officers, and that those
"columns of vilest abuse" exist only in the
disordered imagination of a jackanae, who
seemsto think that Mr.Deckelman'e "secu
lations" have got anything to do with the
county question in any degree whatever,
save to damage the Republican party.
-When we come to a city election, then
that matter can be settled; and in the mean
while it will not do to try to
stneiu a so-called republican in
wrong-doing, because a Democrat has
been guilty of the same. Such an argu
ment Is too thin. So much, then, for the
Corpsit lame and impotent excuse in this
respect.
As to the Democratic county treasurer,
wait and see who is nominated. Then we
will do battle for the Republican party,
against the nominee without spending any
more ammunition on the torn-tits who whit
tle through the Corpse.
But in the meantime, we demand, for the
-good of the party, that the Corpse furnish
the public with proofs of the county treasu
rer's speculations.
VJWe are anxious to see- the Corjue practice
what it preaches in defense of the party, and
produce the proofs for the benefit of every
Republican. We will need them in the
campaign. And as a starting point in t-is
investigation, we will inform the Corpse that
the city treasurer is not a Republican. He
was elected by the Democrats, and is wholly
indebted to them for the position that he oc
cupies. The principal man on hit bond it
an ex-rebel Democrat, and his deputy is a
Democrat.
We Twill say further that we are not
bound by any patty obligations to sustain an
office-holder, aUhough he is a Republican,
liE PUBLIC BEST.
The reduction of the public debt for the
hut month amounts to $13,456,620. And
while the debt is thus being paid and dimin
ished, the taxation upon the country is being
lightened at every session of Congress, The
Democratic party was foaming at the mouth
in 1SCS over the public debt, taxation, &c,
but now it meekly confesses that the chief
glory of the present administration is the re
duction of the public debt, but immediately
blusters up and asks what else has Grant
done? That were enough of itself to re
elect him. Read the pledge he gave in re
gard to the public debt, when he was in
ducted into office:
"It will be my endeavor to execute all
laws in good faith, to collect all revenues as
sessed, and to have them properly accounted
lor and economically disbursed. I will, to
the best of my ability, appoint to office those
only who will carry out this design."
He has kept his word and tha result has
vindicated his administration against every
other error for which it may have been re
sponsible. And not only has it been a work
of collection and disbursement but one ol
civil service reform, for fraud has been sup
pressed, roguery lessened and honest men
retained in positions of trust So far as two
years and a half are concerned therefore, the
change from Democratia rule under Johnson
to Republican administration under Grant
has been wonderful, and as Mr. Greeley has
confessed, President Grant has made a bet
ter President meanwhile, each day succeed
ing the other, since he was placed in the ex
ecutive chair of the nation.
THE KEPCBL1CAXS OF ESiGLAXB.
The New York ITorW has published two
letters from a special correspondent, giving
some account of the movements of the Dem
ocratic leaders of England, who are endeav
oring to establish a republic in that island
upon the ruins of the monarchy. Although
large claims to confidence are preferred by
some of these agitators, it seems from the
World that discord reigns in their camps and
that they have no well defined purposes or
definite aims. It may be that some great
crisis will yet produce able and eloquent
leaden, who will give to England a repre.
tentative republican government modeled af
ter our own. But the Briton has much to
learn and he seems to imbibe knowledge
slowly. And while we wish the work a
speedy success, it is our duty to confess that
there is little in the reported conversations of
the various men as given in the Wtrld, upon
which to by any great foundation ol faith
either in their fitness or capacity for the
work which they seem to have undertaken,
tions in the people's money,
We are opposed to Tammanv in
New York and in Leavenworth, in county
affairs and in city affairs, and we are in favor
of purging and keeping our party clean be
fore it, too, is driven by venal presses and
moneyed corporations, into the degrading
position presented by the Democratic Con
vention at Rochester. For although we pub
lish a part izan journal, yet it is an independ
ent paper for all that
We are opposed to the Democratic County
Treasurer on principle, aad shall do all we
can to pi i viart kit re election or the re-ekc-tioa
of say Dessoerat la oSe ia this Oseaty.
BAILBOAB HEETIHO 1ST OTTAWA
aiuew GAUGE.
A convention ot prominent citizens of
Lcavenwonn, rrantiin, Anuerson, ana uoi
fey Countes was held at Shelden's Hall yes
terday. L. W. Shepherd, Esq., called the meeting
to order, and Nominated Governor Elder as
Chairman, the organization was complet
ed by the selection ol H. S. Buckler. Esq.
Leavenworth, as Secietarr. The different
counties on the line of the proposed narrow
gauge railroad from Leavenworth southward
were ably represented as follows:
Leavenworth Count vCoh D. R. Antho
ny, H. T. Green, W. G. Coffin, and J. W.
Morris.
Franklin County A. J. Allen, P. P. El
der. C. B. Gray, L. W. Shepherd, H. J.
Smith, W. H. schofield, R. D. Lathrop, A.
M. Blair, liobert Atkinson, J. Y. Hewitt.
J. O. W. Paine, C L. Bobbins, Dr. E.Top-
ping, E. D. Hall, S. Thorson, E.W.Wal
ton. J. E. Maxwell, J. W. McGee, T. C
Bowles, J. P. Harm, E. J. Nugent, Dr.
Laws, L. J. Baldwin.
Anderson County E. S. Niccolls, J.
M rat
Cowley County F. E. Collins.
Butler Countv W. A. Shannon, Dr. T.
Stewart.
Coney Ccunty Richard Burr, J. B. Scott,
Thos. Crabtree, John Chess, Dele Miller,
E. A. Robinson, W.Kent P. H. Smith, A.
N. Wilxenson, A. Jones, D. V. Mott, Orson
Kent, A. B. Brown, W. A. Albion.
The chair appointed the following com
mittee an resolution- C B. Gray, of
rrsnklin; F. E. Collins, of Cowley; W. A.
Shannon, of Batler; E. A. Bobiasoa aad A.
RBrowB,ofCofcy;Dr. Morris aadW. G.
Cossa, ofLeaveaworth.
The caaveation then took a noes liar
rmVliar the iwiiim
""'"iT-ll lioJnsnlaiiss aMsl
Uaatsi: r
fl
CUHDUBAHGO AGAIN.
A recent number of the Chicago Tribune
contains an editorial article giving an ac
count of the cure of a lady cf that city of
cancer by Dr. Bliss, of Washington, D. C,
by the use of cundurango, the new remedy.
The Zriiunealso calls the medical profession
to task for its silence in regard to this new
drug, and is especially severe upon the prac
titioners of the District of Columbia, inti
mating that if Harvey or Jenner were to an
nounce their discoveries among those gentle
men to-day, that they would be tabooed, and
share the fate of Dr. Bliss in being expelled
from the various societies.
We think the Tribune is too severe. The
profession at huge have had no chance to try
the efficacy of cundurango, as yet, in the cure
of cancer. They are plainly excusable if
they see fit to doubt until they are convinced
by the ordinary methods of reason and ex
periment On the other hand, we do not
know .but that the strictures in regard to
a portion of the learned M. D.of Washing
ton may not be deserved.
At any rate the sympathies of the commu
nity appear to be with Dr. Bliss, against
them, while the testimony in his favor is ac
cumulating. We heartilr trust that he is in the right,
for already over 6,000 persons have applied
for relief, and if cundurango proves as full
of healing virtues as it is claimed to be, these
will not only be restored to happiness and
health, but thousands of others will be saved
from untimely and agonizing deaths.
English experience is said to show that,out
of every thirty colts from thoroughbred
stock, but one proves fast
Four brothers who went to th; polls to
gether, in North Castine, Me., at the late
election, are aged respectively 83, 75, 70,and
67 years.
The Boston Times learns that the elite of
Boston literary society have determined in
ad vance.to set their faces against the top boots
uncleaned finger-nails and swaggering gait of
Joaquin Miller.
In the military journals of Prussia there
is a little discussion going on over the organ
ization of the suttlers as a part of the military
system. The object is to remedy the uncer
tainty and dishonesty of the present free ar
rangement The St. Louis Republican says: "If the
persons now called to the bar receive their
just dues, polygamy in Utah has received its
death blow, and must either cease to exist al
together, or be transplanted to a more con
genial clime, outside federal jurisdiction."
The Ohio Stale Journal saye that the Dem
ocratic factionsjn Ohio are fiercely quarrel
ing. The friends of Pendleton and Thtir
man are working to destroy the prospects of
either for the Presidency.
There were 42,632 Germans driven out
of France at the 'opening of the late war,
and despoiled of their property. The French
have to now pay them an indemnity, which
is about four million thalers. divided chiefly
among the Prussians, Bavarians, Saxons,
Wurtemburgers, Badensers and Hessians,
together with a thousand others from the
nineteen remaining States of the Empire.
The collapse of the Cuban reliellion has
been frequently announced, hut, on the con
trary, the Cubans are busily prosecuting the
war against Spain. There is more work
now and less fuss and feathers.
Frank Leslie has a stinger. The scene
is the front veranda of a handsome New
York residence. The characters are Mi-w
Jones, the young lady of the house, nd a
nobby-looking young man with eye-glasses
and aide whiskers, wearing the apron, and
carrying the implements of a glazier, to
whom Miss Jones says:
"My dear Andy, I cannot consent to mar
rying you while you are nothing but a poor
glazier."
Andy "Poor glazier, indeed I'm a
millionaire. I've just got the job of put
tins: a one of glass in the Comptroller's
office."
W. B. Washburne, the Republican
candidate for Governor of Massachusetts,
was born in 1820. His father, when he was
five years old, left him in poverty. He
managed to receive a collegiate education
graduating at Yale, in '44, in the same class
with Senator Ferry of Conn., and Gov
Uaight of California. He was in .the State
Senate, and has been in Congress since 1862.
His election to the Gubernatorial Chair is
certain.
The La Crosse (Wis.) Democrat reports
"the water V) lowfin the channel of the Mis
sissippi river that steamboats have to keep
up a continual whistling in order to drive
cows out of the channel. Many captains are
having cow-catchers put on their boats."
The Universalists have been telling
us that there was no hell; and now here
come the Spiritualists to overturn that
blessed hope by the revelation that poor
Henry J. Raymond is still editing a daily
newspaper.
The Detroit Post is authority for the
statement that the shores of Lake Superior
and upper Lake Michigan will, it is said,
soon become the residence of a large number
of Icelanders.
It is noted as a remarkable coincidence
that three steamships, the Baltic, the City of
Brooklyn and the Wyoming, arrived at Liv
erpool on Sunday last, each having made
the passage in nine days. With improve
ments in model and machinery, and the ad
vantages of experience, there is reason to
think that the time will continue to be
shortened.
Joaquin C. II. Miller ought to be a tol
erable poet, for as a projector of pros.- i. 's
a sight to behold. Listen to this effusion:
"England! The terms of the expression
of thanks are threadbare. Permit me to
say simply, I thank you. I stood by Niag
ara the other day, and kissed my hand to
Canada, and with the experience of the list
six months rushing across my memory, 1
said, hat in hand, 'England, I thank ynu."
A Hagerstown prper records a terrible
case of glanders in a human being. A man
named Martin, living near Wewrlfn, in
Washington County, Md., acr-Mtnitly got
some of the virus from the nose .i mouth of
a glandered horse into a cut upon one of his
thumbs, and a short lime thereafter was taken
with frightful spasms, succeeded Iiv fearful
sickness and prostration. Medical assistance
was obtained, and, although every reason
able attention was given the man, he died in
a most horrible manner some six or seven
days afterward. His body became a mass of
ulcers, and at the time of dissolution the
flesh literally fell in pieces from the bones.
The profits of the milk business in Boston
are said to be enormous. One contractor is
stated to have realized $75,000 in ten years,
and could now dispose of his contracts for
$20,000 additional. Even thepoor milkmen
who drive from door to door in the gray of
the morning, are compensated for cold
fingers and blue noses by the handsome
profits they make, $100 bonus per can being
the price usually received by the party sell
ing out his route. At this rate, a milkman
selling one hundred cans would realize the
round sum of $10,000.
We have again accounts of several
dreadful shipwrecks on the coast of England.
Democrats is strong and increasing. The
importance of dropping all the old candi
dates and taking some such departure as this
is very generally conceded.
The town of Casey ville, twelve miles
from Salt Lake, Utah Territory, it is -tated,
contains of its population, seventy-three
husbands who have in the aggregate three
hundred and forty-seven wives, and five
hundred and twenty-two children.
The Baltimore Commercial Convention,
after all, recognized the subject of narrow
gauge rail roads as one of importance. The
Committee declared that this class of roads
must become valuable where a mountainous
condition of the country, or where a sparsity
of population exists, and mu't work a new
era in the rapid progress of railroad devel
opment The commencement of their con
struction at S,, I xuis and Leaven wotth and
Denver was noted, and a recommendation
was made that a special committee be ap
pointed to obtain information respecting
them for use at the next Convention.
The Irishmen of St. Louis are indig
nant and threaten a mutiny because they
have not as many officers under the city
government as either the mericans or Ger
mans. Their organ says "for every one
hundred American voters there are nearly
four Americans in office; for every one hun
dred German voters there are three and a
tenth Germans in office, and for every one
hundred IrLh voters half an Irishman."
The A la-ska Herald assures its readers
tliat sea-lion meat and whale meat will make
a man virtuous and a woman corpulent. It
intimates, however, that such dainties are
not easy to digest unless washed down by an
"aromatic draught of whale oil."
The Column Yendoine is to restored,
surmounted with the image of Napoleon 1st,
as the Hero of Marengo, in his cocked hnt
and gray coat. The former tatue was
drajied in imperial rolies.
-Senator Wilson says the London cab
men, as a class, are the most reckless drivers
he ever rode after,yet perfectly gentlemanly.
After their charges i-ixty-two cents an hour
by the day, or two miles for a shilling he
says he was frightened by a New York hack
man, who asked him live dollars for carrying
him from the wharf to the Astor House.
A Georgia negro thought he would
economize by sending his boy to school and
then make the Iwy teach him. The plan
worked well until the voting teacher, fol
lowing the custom of the seminary in which!
he was taught, gave the old man a thrashing
for spelling dog d-o-r-g, and then the latter
became disgu-ted and ran away.
The estimated earnings of the Kansas
Pacific Railway for the third week in Sej
tember were, freight $02,8y0; passengers,
first class, S24.95S.3-J; V. S. troojs-, $1,640.
75; U S. mails, $1,400. Total, passengers,
$2S,009.10; total estimate. SS0,S99.10.
T-.i: TRIUMPH OF AMMAXY.
It is known that the Democratic Execu
tive Committee of New York State recom
mended by a vote of 3 to 1 that no delegates
be admitted Irom New York at the Conven
tion of the arty then in session in Roches
ter, and that the Convedtion agreed to the
decision by a voie of 99 to 4 amidst great
applause. This, uy the sententious
wires, was a triumph for Tweed. Because it
placed the Tammany delegation on a footing
with the honest men of New York, by ex
cluding them all on account of the thievery of
Tammany. And when it was known that
the Ring accepted this conclusion and
pledged themselves to stipjiort the ticket and
action of the Convention, the telegraph
again informs us that there was tremendous
cheering and shouting and applause over
this second compact between repeaters, de
faulters and corruptionists, and the so-called
honest Democratic yeomanry of the Empire
State. Truly, therefore, we may believe that
a New York hunker would vote for he
devil, if he were nominated uion their regu
lar ticket.
But what followed in relation to the city
frauds was no less astonishing than the
action taken in regard to Tammany. Mr.
Tilden madea sech ami the Convention
declared that the Republican iiartv was
mainly re?ionsibIe for those lrauds, and
therefore it solemnly rcsolvtd to punish
those who bad been guilty of committing
them, meaning the Republican jiartv. Well
may the New York Tiiua pit diet thai the
Rochester Convention bus sealed the doom of
the Democratic jmrty in New York State,
since the influence of the Ring has triumphed
over the deliberations of that organization.
Tammany was doomed, but it would not die
alone. Tottering to the grave, it v.t had
the strength and cunning of Sampson with
his arms about the pillars of the Philistine
temple. The dying giant wasconciliated for
a season, and an unholy coalition formed,
n int the con-'cience of the great masses (,f
the Democratic party throughout the land.
Tin re is no escuK- now nave through a tri
umph before those masses iihii the popular
vo'.t. Only a respite has U-cn gained; while
in l ae re-ult is promised the entire destruc
tion of a Jsirly too feeble to purge ib-clf of a
riii of public plunderers, whose meinliers
are condemned lor their itceils in every
hamlet of the nation.
of the canvass for the Governorship stronger
than he went into it. His enemies have the
honors of victory, but he enjoys the real tri
umnh. The men who for weeks have been
vilhfying him are compelled to seek his help
to achieve success, and with rare magnanim
ity heohrows aside his personal grievances
and gives his great influence to consolidate
and strengthen the Republican party. There
is no doubting this fact, that Gen. Boiler has
raided to hiniself some itfroBgelemeBta both
inside and outside the Republican party.
The labor reformers believe in Gen. Butler,
and the fact he is able to attract a Urge por
tion of his personal strength on this question
to the Republicac party, will greatly
strengthen us in present and furore con
tests. For several years the Repulicana of Mas
sachusetts in the nomination of Governor
CUffln have thrown themselves into a
needless antagonism to the labor to the la
bor reform movement. Gov. ClafSin k,
doubtless a most estimable man, hnt the
fact that he was an extensive manufacturer
of shoes placed him in antagonism to the
Working Men's Unions in the State. For
this reason his renomination would
have been very injudicious. The new can
didate, Hon. William B. Washburn, is
personally unobjectionable, and we pre
sum wiil receive some Republican
votes which Gov. Clatffin has failed to se
cure. His renominatioi' also disembarrasses
the Republican partv 1 leaving it open to
Ar.s.'i,n,tiAtij w.tl. .1... l.lu.. f.....
cing some of their reasonable and just
aus.
CO'
ac
del-
G.-ii. Butler comes out of the contest with
hor-ir. Assailed with more than the mi
lif v of party rancor, he makes bis best
an., rto all accusations by the large and
steai'? support he received in the Conven
tion and by some of lhe most prominent
Rep blicans in the State. He is by no
nieaas a "dead cock in the pit," and his de
feat now gives him vantage ground which
will lead to ultimate success. Roehetter Exr
The Ketlsed CMeetalstu.
EV UJKK TWAIX.
First class in modern Moral Philosophy,
stand up and recite.
What is the chief end of man
A. To get rich.
In what way
A. Dishonestly if we can; honestly if we
must.
Who is the God, the only and true
A. Money is God. Gold and greenbacks
and stocks father, son and the ghost of the
same three persons in one these are the
true and only God, mighty and supreme
and illiain Iweed is the prophet.
Name the twelve apostles.
A. St. Ass's Colt Hall, whereon the
prophet rode into Jerusalem; St. Connolly,
the beloved disciple; St. Matthew Caraochan.
that sitteth at the receipt of customs St. Peter
risk, the belligerent disciple; St. Paul
Gould, that suffereth many stripes and glo
rielh in them; St. Iscariot Winaaxs, St. Ja
cob (Yanderbilt the esteamed disciple: St.
Garvey, the chair-itable; St. Ingersoll, of
.L t.l- v-t Tr. .i
iiic nuij tuijfcu., uu.i. l.irinunuiuje
meek and lowly, that letteth not its right
hand know what its left hand taketh; St.
Peter Hoffman, that denied his (Irish)
master when the public cock had crowed six
or seven times; St. Barnard, the wise judge,
who imparteth injunctions in time of trouble,
whereby the ieople are" instructed to their
salvation.
How shall a man attain the chief end of
life'
A. By furnishing imaginary carpets to
the Court House, apochryphal chairs to the
armories, and invisible printing to the city.
Are there other ways.
A Yea. By purchasing the quarantine
aostle for a price; by lightering shipmen of
all they possess; by proceeding through im
migrants from over sea; by burying the
moneyless at the expense of the public and
transhipping the rest ten miles at $40 a head.
By testing iron works for buildings. By
furnishing lead and iron gas-pipes to the
Court House and then conveying the impres
sion in the bill that they were constructed of
gold and silver and set with diamonds. By
taking care of the public works at S5 an
inch. By loafing around gin mills on a sal
aty, under the illusion that you are impart
ing impetus to a shovel on the public works.
Are these utticier.t; If not, what shall a
man do else to be saved?
A. Make out his bill for ten prices, and
deliver nine of them into the hands of the
prophet and the holy family. Then shall he
be saved.
Who were the models the young men were
taught to emulate in former days.'
A. Washington and Franklin.
Whom do they and should they emu
late now in this era of larger enlighten
ment
A. Tneed, Hall, Connolly, Carnochan,
Fisk, Gould, Barnard, and Winans.
What works were chiefly prized for the
training of the young in former days?
A. Poor Richard's Almanac, the Pilirrim's
Progress, and the Declaration of Indepen
dence. What are the best prized Sunday School
liooks in this more enlitrhtened age?
A. St. Hall' Garbled Reports, St. Fisk's
Ingenious Itoblierries, St. Carnochan's Guide
to Corruption, St, Gsuld on the Watering of
Stock, St. Barnard's Injunctions, St. Tweed's
Handbook of Morals, and the Court House
edition of the Holy Cmsade of the Forty
Thieves.
Do we progress?
A. You bet vour life. Xrtc YorL Tri
bune.
New York. Oct. fi AV s r..u. r
Salt Lake City, one of the principle op'posi-
tans lAAslAavi sf TTt 11
u..su.wigiUm lounge theocracT,
who is now in this citv hu tt.i ti... tL
present crusade tgairwtMormonism was not
d by methodism, and that polygamy
mix r-"-;- wn me present elderly
Mormons. Engham Young is loosing pres
tige very fart though there are no fears of
his being assassinated. The people are held
together by fanaticism, and on th ,nii, nr
Young Mormonism will expire. Utah is a
wealthy country and before long its admis
sion as a State will solve thepolveamv
trouble. 8'
CLOTHI!,!.-.
JOHN SECKLEE
AGAIN ON THE
RAMPAGE
John Seckier s
REDUCED
SUMMER
traces ay Slew Tarsi Bough.
NcwYoBK, Oct. 6. Private dispatches
say that after the leaving of the train from
Rochester, last evening;, having on board the
New York delegation, a number of roughs
taken from this city committed violent out
rages upon the paseenge.s, who had to lay
over 11 way siauons 10 escape me iury 01 uie
villianousgang.
The Tammany delegates to the Rochester
Convention returned to-dav. Twted, who
expresses himself satisfied with the result,
visited his office only for a moment. He
ridicules the idea of his projected arrest.
The case against Ingersall has gone over
in Judge Barnard's Court till Mondav.
Nework, Oct. 6. No ami-Ta'mmanv
delegates were admitted to the Rocheste'r
Convention.
A popular reform delegation, headed by
Mr. Ottenderfer, were permitted to make
statements of their claims, but were not admitted.
Nrw York, Oct. 6. At a -meeting of the
Democratic reformers last evening the rum
mittee adopted a resolution that they would
never, under any circumstances, support any
candidate nominated bv or having anv con
nection with Tammany Hall. Judge Bar
nard was thanked for his charge to the grand
jury and promised assistance in his effort to
suppress illegal voting.
Eight persons narrowly escaped death
irom a kerosene explosion on the pleasure
yacht Junius Lee, on Monday night, about
nine miles off Montauk Point, Long Island
Sound. The passengers were O. B. Jerrold,
of Arizona, his wife, three children, servant,
and two seamen. Jerrold, while passing
through the cabin at midnight, was thrown
against the centre table by the lurching of the
yacnt, upset me Kerosene lamp, which ex
ploded and set fire to the vessel. The
youngest child with the nurse sank with the
yacht, hut the others were saved.
The counsel for the Citizens' Committee of
Seventy is indignant at the manner in which
the grand jury has been packed by Mayor
Hall.
Barrett states that while he will make no
effort to stop the bill which is pending I
fore the grand jurv. still if that bod v does nut
do its duty the matter will be presented to
the next grand jury, publicly discussing the
merits ot the cases upon which he will have
to pass.
The German citizens of the Fifteenth
Ward last evening passed resolutions pro-
icsung against me ring ruie anu lirgmg me
repeal of the city charter.
Rumors are current that the Tenth Na
tional Bank, which is officered by theTam
manyites.is likely to suffer from the removal
of the deposits which is now going on.
1 he members of the ring are selling out
their shares in the bank.
Plasterer Garvey's foreman, Walsh, states
that last spring Garvey made him a present
of the stock and good will of the establish
ment. He knows nothing of the financial
arrangements of the court house plastering
job.
The sub-Committee who examined the ar
mory of the Seventh District, in their reort,
will establish beyond doubt the criminality
of the perpetrators of the armory frauds.
A person was inveigled into a panel house
the other night, and robbed of fourteen
thousand dollars. The detectives are on the
track of the thieves.
The German Immigration Society have
resolved to protest against the appointment
of Rowland as Special Commisssioner of
Immigration.
Evidence is rapidly accumulating against
the Tammany thieves. It appears that
many endorsements on which money was
obtained from the treasury were clumsy
forgeries. The Broadway Bank, which
paid these warrants, will lie proceeded
against.
Madame Von Buskirk the alleged abor
tionist, was yesterday released on her own
recognizance.
A sent'ment is being aroused which may
probably compel Judge Barnard to dismiss
the present objectionable irrand iury. The
t, r" rfc w. .1 orofDiwi
neioriu democracy 01 me cuy are not oune Hm n,.rk tin.r mi,.
satisfied with the Democratic Convention. I Krown buck, nira fine Suit. r
The Republican prow and politicians wJ.,l""ll"L
IOE LIST
CLOTHING
Fnniiwhinp- Goods.
J Oil SLCKLKit WllULf I.CTKUla..
Inform hiafrirujs and tuit. i in BTanauaad
Mlsouri. that ike t?a.ly t-ici. bis tnulima
ban snablt.1 hlui to bring out 1 Price ol
which no JnbMlif Wouw this n.lou. N York
oed l oahauwl.. I 4hall sell rrom tbladsvoo
Union
Union
Onus
I.I urn .sack Coata at
IJn sack Coata at
liof -ck Coata at
Brown flnr unto Sack Cuata at.,
Brown ftne Linen Hack Cuata at...
Brown not Linen lTTbr Coata at
Bruwn Una Imck back Coata at
nrown fine buck Sack Coata at
Brown fin Duck Sack Coata it
Brown floe Puck Hack Coata at
Brown flnr buck Ifcrby Coata at
nrown irrui aacE uoau al
Brown fine bnlt Sack Coata 1
Imitation tar Sucker back Coata at-
Baal Sear Backer Sack Coata at-
Raal baar Sucker Derby Coata at
Fancv fine blue niUcl Linen .-acL Coata al
Linen Duatera for f I T
Linen Drill Suitaat
Linen Dnll fine bulla at
Brown Duck Suits at
Brown Duck fine suite at-
A laoaicliw In the-klelal.
(Kruui the Washington Cbronicle.
Colonel Robert Douglas recently visited
the polling place of the twenty-first district,
simply as a looker-on, to fee the workings
of such a meeting in Xew York City. Being
found out by the audience, he was received
with cheers for himself, for his distinguished
father, and for President Grant. Thus
crowded into service, he made a verv brief
address, full of pith and excellence. Few
in the land can say o much in equal space,
andsay it so well." He said:
I may candidly say I think your confi
dence in the administration is well deserved.
The administration of General Grant, in all
its branches, has been firm, honest, prudent
and economical, protecting the interests of
the Government and maintaining the rights
ot the citizen. All its acts have been con
ducive to the welfare of the country, while
some of them will rank among the highest
in our history. The rapid payment of the
national debt, coincident with the great re-
uucuon in taxaiion, is unexceiieu as a nnan
cial achievement, and the treaty with Eng
land, while giving us honorable redress for
our injuries, and thus averting the probabil.
ities of war, commands the admiration of
the world, as one of the greatest milestones
in the path of civilization. Last, but not
least, the unllniching support given the loyal
men of the South, who are there fighting the
uuuies 01 uie union, nas gamed ior me great
Where Flowera arne- I'ram.
Some of our (lowers came from lands of
jeretiial summer, some from countries all
ice and snow, some from islands in the
ocean. Three of our sweetest exotics origin
ally came from Peru; the camelia was
brought to England in 1739, and a few years
alterward the migmonette and lieliotroe.
Several came from the Cape of Good Hope:
a very large calla was found there in the
ditches, and some of the most brilliant
geraniums, or largoniums, which are a
spurious geranium. the verbena grows
wild in Brazil, lhe marigold is a native
African flower. A great number came also
from China and Japan. The little daphne
was taken to England by Captain Ross Irom
almost the farthest land he visited toward
the North Pole.
Some of thee are quite changed in form
by cultivation, others have become lanrer
and brighter, while others fall far short of
the beauty and fragrance of the tropics, de
spite all care of florists and shelter of hot
houses. When the dahlia was brought to
inglaml it was a very simple blossom, a
single circle of dark petals surrounding a
mass of yellow ones. Others were a short
time after transplanted from Mexico, with
scarlet and orange petals, but still remained
simple flowers. Long years of cultivation
in rich soil together with other arts of
skillful florists, have changed the dahlia to
what it now is a round ball of beautv.
the Convention was a Tammany meeting.
The Herald thinks the ticket by no means
a Tammany ticket. The German element
is pleased at the selection of a German rep
resentative at the head of the list of candi
dates.
The Tweed organ again alls uimn the
unpaid laborers to take tes to get their pay.
OT. iUW, Oct. A Washington siiecial
says Governor Holden, who is now editing
one of the administration pajierx here admits
the iniquity of carpet-baggers, in an editorial
to-day on the Republicanjiarty of the South.
This is his language: "That a substantial
reorganization of the party is needed in sev
eral States of the South is unquestionable.
Between fraud and imbecility, or rather by
now, uie management is ruinous.- ui me
Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina, lie
says: "And so of dozens of others having
little brains and no education, and less than
no character. These men must be ousted,
and better men put in their places; let the
re-organization go on."
The action of Gen. Augur, in concentrat
ing troops at Salt Lake City, is approved by
the secretary of War. u trouble is ap
prehended. If necessary, trooM from other
departments will I sent to reinfon-e those
already there.
Alpaca Coata at..
Alpaca finer Coata
Alpaca Superfine Lutter Coata at-
Drab de Etea, extra fine Coata at-
Btuerlannal Coats at..
Blue r annel Coata at
Black Ciubinerrt bkrltu Coata i
Black fine Union Clotb blelcton Coata at
Black buiwrtine Cloth Skeleton Coat at
Drab Caahmeret bkelf-ton Coata
Drab Caa. Skeleton Coata t
Hairline Ca. Skeleton Cat at..
White Maraeiles Wu at
White Maneilea Veeta at-
White Mani!r Yeeta at.
Fancy Maraeilee Vesta at
Fancy Marseiles Vesta at-
Bcotch Chefio: light colored Suit at-..
Scotch Cbeiiot IlKtlt colore.! SuiU al
Scotch Cheviot Bruwn Sulla at
Scotch Cheviot Imported bulla at.
Black and white lulled i. hull, at
Llbt colored Diagonal Caa. lh-lbj Suite at
OUre colored Diagonal Caa. Derby Suits at-
Blue Dirgonal Caa. IVil.j bull at
Light colored Hairline Caa. Derby Suits al
IJsbt col'd Caa. (uiade to u r order) Derby
bulla at
B!ueblaKuelCaimere(iuaile to luy order)
Imprimis. The first
fashion is lhe true one.
osiMiep n afrnntrhnM nrtnn too nfTnftnna rt
xneyearnaa ueen speiamiij u I the people. Jle not only deserves our confi-
shipping, and probably more so on the Erg-1 dence as a man, but is entitled to our sup-
lftteif
ses
v.-f.i.
i
r-. wu
laswaSSBBB
kit mmmmt. wW wmM
"J. -V -.-v- -""i a. iu -a-".. .K W 4 .r. -t TZZ .TJT e-w- a- "-SSBJ wsasBWaWSJBJBBWaWSBBaWeV.
S". aVjtf
.33gg&sa
the ulitait rint,
The eastern cities recently commenced to
revive their local military organizations,
which the tired veterans had laid aside when
they returned as victors from the field, and
we see that the fever has become very conta
gious indeed.
The realities of war have now passed far
enough into the vistas or the past, to put on
that enchantment of view which has ever
rendered the mimicry o' the waving: plume
and tented field a fascinating pastime for the
peaceful, pro-y citizen, beneath the gaze of
his bright-eyed dame and lovely daughters.
Slowly the reaction has commenced, and not
for long before may look for the organi
sation of volunteer batallions in the Missouri
Valley, whose gay uniform and brkht runs
shall be wreathed with the lillies of peace
the authors of festivity and gallant feats of
chivalry, the pets of cities and the pride of
8'atea.
As kwM before the rebellion, so will it be
oacemore; and with waemory retanina tn
aaespertaof those days, we ceaat amoag
bam as wax the least mtmm isb ,fct Irillkat
w. twhjswio., ksnrrT:
lavas. aevese. asal aaV asmfBsasssasl Li
ti ttttii rrtsasii
rf-JiSfr-SrY' 3 .'v j-j-sv. 'i-rJTZr-Ti-c; i
aft -s-5i- a.riXty 2C??s??- S.vsyffASStliStL
ifl' I'iatlT-Ti -T 1i7i 'r'-' Ti 1 Tr 1 Vi TTi fri a 'tnTi ni
lish coasts than for many years.
Gen. Sherman arrived in Si. Louis on
Tuesday afternoon, and Mopped with Judge
Reber.
Tea culture promises to become an im
portant branch of American industry. The ex
periment of raising the plant was tried
twenty rears ago in Sooth Carolina. More
recently it hat been repeated in Xoith Caro
lina, Tennessee, and California, with encour
aging success.
If we do not work fast we shall be
beaten even by the Mussulnien of Turkey.
There is to be an under-ground railroad in
Constantimople, not very long, to be sure,
to run between Galata and Pen. The tun
Del is to be worked on the pneumatic prin
ciple, and work upon it is to begin directly.
A National Police Convention will be
held in the city of St. Louis, on the 20th of
October. It is thought that every aty in the
United States will be represented.
Nearly 2.0W representatives of Masonry
from various parts of the State were in ses
sion at Chicago, on the, 3d, being a Com
munication of the Grand Lodge of Illinois.
E. Joy Morris, the brie Minister to Tor
Irey.hairetonwdtolii home ia Philadel
phia, after aa aaataee of lea years.
A geatlaavM who had good opportani-
tks far famitmxm sjia.HU says the Pkts-
Mftefeelasxia
port as the representative of the principles of
our party, inenoneaiy anu economy euown
by the national government buy a striking
contrast to the corrupt adwinistration of the
finances of New York, but the zeal and har
mony which you exhibit in endeavoring to
rescue your city irom me clutches ol the un
principled demagogues who now control it,
give flattering prosiects of success.
In vour able efforts I can assure you of the
I warm sympathy of the President. President
Grant has no private revenge to gratify, no
personal enemies to punish, but regards eve
ry true Republican as his friend. In all his
appointments, even if some of ycu may think
he ha been mistaken, he has sought "to pro
mote the welfare of the Republican party,
subordinate, of course, to the higher object,
the good of the public service.
Xo action of his will ever intentionally in
terfere with the harmony which shoald. and
I think, does, exist among you. Select, there
fore, true and tried Republicans to represent
you in the coming canvass, ana above all, let
them be men whose characters are above sus
picion. Kememner inai no one can oe a true
Republican unless be is an honest man.
This speech, says the Xew York Standard,
was received with round after round of ap
plause, and the yonng statesman received the
congratulations and hand-shaking of the en
tire audience.
GeB. Baiter'a Tietary.
Hethatroleth his own spirit is greater
i..n fm that taketh a city: and we may reas
onably infer that it is a greater victory toatv
iliarai- bo&orably than to achieve S
-ft H-al t 1
?BI"l..yr""".,t
The Elblesi ofDreaa.
instinct about a new
Don't wait till your
eye lias lost its accuracy and your judgement
its edge. Subject the thing at once to the
general rule, and bow to the decision.
2d. What suits one person does not suit
another. Know thyself.
3d. Dress should supplement good points
and correct bad ones. Thick and thin, long
and short, are not all to be subject to one
Procrustean styje.
4th. Colors should be harmonious, should
be massed should be becoming. Id est,
many little points or blotches of color sprinkl
ed over a costume produce a disagreeably
pied and speckled euect, as of a monstrous
robin s egg, or a plum pudding. One tint
should prevail, relieved by a contrasting tint.
Xo amount of fashionable prestige can make
an unbecoming color becoming. "Nile green
will turn some people into orange, though
twenty empresses ordain its adoption,
oth. Lines should be continuous, eraceful.
1C T. I It
anu icuuninc at is ueuer to jook. iiae a
woman (if you happen to be one) than any
thing else even a lasnion plate:
6th. Ornament matt be subordinate. Na
ture, with all profusion, never forgets this
fundamental law.
7th. Above all things, be neat. Dainty
precision and freshness is as essential to a
woman as a flower.
8th. Individualits is the rarest and the
cheapest thing in the world.
9th, and lastly, "Stylish" is of all the
words in the English langauge the most
deadly. It has slain its thousands. Serib-
nert Magazine.
HARTFORD, Oct. In the elections on B,u Diagonal extra fine imported to order
Monday seventy-nine towns went straight I KsMTFrV-1 itlwCZT
Republican, forty-five Democratic, and twen-' Superfine Black cloth Ckwterfield rrock.
ty-two divided. Of the latter eight elected a n""' order, at 1
Republican majority of the Board of Select-1 k
men, six a majority of Democrats, four are a I Black Doeakln i'aata at
tie, and four doubtful. 1 Biwk !.-kin ita at
This gives the Ifcpublicans eighty-even SK IE..
towns and the Democrats fiAy-one.
There is a Republican gain over the "iirimr
election.
Ya-KTO-, D. T., Oct. o. A prairie lire
broke out at several points, both east and
west of here, resulting in the destnictiion of
several dwellings and haras, a saw mill and
other property. t
Isapwirtaial Political Movement
Nashville, Oct. C About one o'clock VFY
this morning. Prewett, Speer t Cb.'s cedar
ware works, in Edgefield, opposite Nash-' Percale Calico shirt, at i
ville, was entirely destroyed by fire. Loss f'rcale Calno ahina at
S25.000; insurance, $12,000. gLS SHIS. TeTfndT
An important political movement is on Good White Shirta at
foot here, looking to the organization of a 'j",!1 White ahlrta at
n.f(irm Mmriuli Ballou'a trench fcipanaife Voae inn at
relorm association. ;od summer Under abirts at
An aauress, signeii uy lMiuocral', liepnt- in-ria i.aua. under Shirt at.
stna anil V.naj.rrafirfsa tl... India (iauze UnderShlrta at
W ...U. ...k
I I 00
1 2S
1 50
290
S75
too
:n
IBS
IN
3 80
X78
.00
3 Oil
1 SO
ZOO
2 SO
SOS
a
s
IN
sao
o
7 to
1000
800
2 80
SSO
700
11 0O
-I SO
4 U
4 00
A 00
II 00
4 OO
4 n
4 so
3 00
ISO
4 00
260
Oil
it 00
It 0U
It GO
10 00
14 0t
17 00
17 00
7 00
17 OH
17 00
n 00
21 00
IS 00
00
SSO
1; M
780
9 0O
10 00
U l
loutht Mnen feuin; Duck Suite, and Children!
Gtrii-ed and Blue Naey Suite; liujr. ablrte and a
treat rarlety ol otbar ruo-l. lor lioje and rhIJiien,
Low Prices.
Lia! Thread Under Hblrtaat.
Banc n' a Jean Draeera
-c4
,&M1&g&&&
Ss.
-T
In France, says a correspondent, a woman
has no remedy when a man promises to mar
ry her. and doesn't. At first sichL this may
seem a little cruel, but practically it has the
euect 01 uoing awar who wnai are caned
engagements, and there being no engage
ment there is no breach. A man and a
woman meaning to be married, marry atH
once, anu were s an end to diplomacy,
Some recent preparations have proved
dangerously explosive oa being auzed by
ine apoujeraxy. a imuj in --sgisaq rtaXaily
nut a box of pills which had been avr nihil
lc her in her bosom. Ia a abort ttaw then
wau a severe e-cpsossoa, aaa an was lacBr
b'waed. Tha recipe was a sslila.a ofoird
vf sUw.Mariase of akafiJJsi. tmianit
of sssBas,v--t; J4ftli".a,C 4
rrr-z-aa"- 7W-.,2r-Jr--irrZt.-
sWsawWr-sr- -r--r-vs, vr t--
S-2
licans and Conservatives, embracin;
leading men of these lorties, will be MiMF-h
ed to-morrow, giving an opinion as to which Bail. I anulo.m s-am Drawer at.
of the two great parties of the country is bet
htted to carry out the ends for which the
movement wxs instituted. j
They unite in an earnest appeal to all the I hae aisoan ndl ranetj- ..1
intellectual ana progressive men 01 the
country to divest themselves of sectional and
party animosities, and associate themselves
together for the purpose of engendering- a
more intense and loftier patriotism.
The objects! ol the association are as fol
lows:
First The protection of the right of ev
ery citizen, in accordance with the constitu
tion as it is.
Second The discontinuance of agitatin"
past issues.
Third The restoration of fraternal feel-:
ings and actions with the people of the
North.
Fourth The association urges the
dissemination of the constitutional princi
ples and the inculcation of an eirnet and
abiding faith in the genius of free institu
tions, and their success in all piarters of the
globe.
Fifth The maintenance of law and order.
Sixth The promotion and encourage
ment of industry.
Seventh The establishment of an effi
cient svstem of education.
Eighth The exposition of and strict ad
herence to the principles of local self-iroY-
ernmeni, ana me promotion among the peo
ple of those feelings and conditions wliiib
will cause them, through the operation of
self-government, to establish a state of
things which will no longer furnish a reason
or a pretext for the interference of -he Gen
eral Government in local acair.
Ninth General amnesty.
Tenth Opposition to repudiation in
every form.
Eleventh The modification of the pres
ent tariff system to a revenue basis.
Twelfth Reduction of taxation.
Thirteenth Civil Service Reform.
And, finally, we pledge ourselves from
ibU tine to Ve OUT SUDPOrt to aaen nt nn-
w-. .a. tr
btness, aacTit ana liherty, regardless or
1 aBRveKa) iiitvanej auat uie; uauc
So

I .'0
i 00
I 80
1 78
I 28
80
a
1 OU
1 SO
1 23
I 80
Thread Driving tilom, plain ad d. -klu laced;
auo Alexander Md. Dogkln. Call an I Buckskin
Cilole-
Bowa ofnier v d notion and ot the best make.
Cotton Half llwse from WicU to the best Us I
Thread.
."Ha tS
T ranks,
"Valises
LEATIIf.K AM) DUCK TKAVr.J.-a SAOS.
All ot which I -ill -II at frifn
DEFYING COMPETITION'
ON K llC'h OlSTaCY
would ask ererjlly t" .cin-Jni-alair trial sad
yoii will v..d b- rontiueed that I want no mora
than my own. and that I lm-i-1 y make It to th
Int-reat of eerj -T 'heir ready nude
CIolhlur,a 01
law. COM for all of aregreiM to turn
atekbaatooatWMaekd grasp aaafully
SjrsJWfcaaaJlMlllftTTilTll otsWf-tW
JO II IV MsOTK-LsG-B,
II. 320, SUwaee St., Bwtww ThM
lal.0rASt.wt.
S
ri.
gSJTv
r'-'s
ati.
r-"?f
ta
H
r
I
!l
1
s-3
I
M

M?
V -t
i
-ef
IT'S.