Evening £tat* journal.
rrRi.tsHED
DAILY, SEMI-WEEKLY AND WEEKLY,
At No. 019H Main Street. Richmond, Va.
TERMS:
DAILY—»6 pfr year; six months, *a, three
raontlis, *1.00; 1 month, 60 cents.
SEMI-WEEKLY—«2.SO per year; six months,
tl ihj three months, 78 cents.
WEEKLY—eI -SO jier year; six months, 70 cents
UT WEEKLY and SEMI WEEKLY JOURNAL
Utwbe ,ti extremely low rates.
CITY BUSINESS jIRJCTORY
ARTIFICIAL LIltEsT
J STICKLE, (Agent for Dr. Bly's patents,)
914 Main Street, next to Jocbhal office.
AUCTIONEERS.
COOK It LAI (illton. corner Governor and
Franklin streets.
BAKERIES.
THOMAS E. <»lI.L. No. MO Broad street.
RICHARD ADAM, Twelfth street, C 7.) Broad,
and 1024 Main streei.
I. D. IIRIUIiS, 707 Main and 42(1 Broad street.

BILL POSTER.
WILLIAM ADOLPHI'S, Nos. Hi and 12 Law
Bnilding.
MULL'S STOMACH BITTERsTthe Great Ap-
petlzer and Strengthening Tonic. Sold even j
where. Try it.
BOOKS, STATIONERY BINDERY.
J. W. RANDOLPH 4. ENGLISHTunSMaIn
street.
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
U. W. GILUS, VfiH Main Street.
BOOTS, SHOES AND TRUNKS.
HELLER *c CO., No. f,17 Broad street.
BOTTLING ESTABLISHMENT.
WILLIAM EUKEK, bottler of Porter, Ale,
Lager beer, kc. No. Mo Main street.
CANDY MANUFACTURERS.
LOUIS J. ROSSI EC A, No. 1412 Main street,
keeps Uie lamest, nest, and cheapest stock of
confectioneries south of Philadelphia. Agent I
for Atvore's Mil—J Mi: it.
0. COLUMBI x, tin Broad strict. First pre
mium at Virginia State Fair.
CHINAi CROCKERY& GI_LSS-WARE i
K. UURRANT, 903 Main street.
CIGAR MANUFACTURERS.
WRITLOCK _ ABRAM, No. 1901 Mahl street.
C H. BROWN, No. ISO, comer of Ninth nnd
Franklin streets.
F. LEIBERMOUTH, corner Filth and Broad,
manufacturer of the finest brands. "Prin- j
clpe" and "Plantation" cigars specialities. I
A complete ttock of pijics and smokers'
articles always-on hand.
C. C. SALAMONE, 603 Broad street.
CLOTHING.
BALTIMORE CLOTHING HOUSE, (H. S.
Kaufman,) 14(13 Main street.

l.'R. F. BURROUGHS, otlice and yard Seventh 1
and Main. See advertisement.
BENJAMIN COTTH ELL, office and yard cor
ner Ninth and Bank streets.
DENTISTS. i
TAYLOR BROS., mo Mam Street.
DRUOffItBMT^
JOHN W. RISON, comer Matn and Third
streets, at sign of big red mortar.
DRY43OOD& I i
LEVY BROTHERS, 12111 and 1213 Main street,
keep the largest, cheapest, and best assorted I
stock of dry-goods in the State. t
DYER^ AND SCOURER.
J. B. Mi-KENNEY, Marshall street, between
Fonrth andeFlfth.
E. KING, Sr., 7.1(1 Main, between Seventh and
Eighth streets.
ITOREIGN GROCERIES? j
SCHMIDT k MILLER, SIX! and 002 Fifth and
DEALERS.
ARTHUR. ItlltiMl, warerooms 20 Governor
street, and 1207 Franklin street. See adver
tisement, i
GR6CERS"ANI) LiaUOR DEALERS.
E. M. GRANT Ii CO., (02 Broad street, between
Fifth and Sixth.
GUN-MAKER-
S. SUTHERLAND, dealer in ?..ortsmen'sgoods,
lWfi Main street.
hardwareT"
SIMPSON BKO., 1418 Main, between Four- I
teenth and Fifteenth streets.
HATB, CAPS.JFURS^&c.
A. A. ALLEN, 1316 Main street.
HOTELs 7
AMERICAN—NorveII Cobb, Proprietor—comer
Twelfth aud Main streets.
~HOUSE FURNISHING GOODST
E. 1 Itll ANT, 903 Main street.
W. J. ANDERSON, Nos. 820 Main and 205
Broad street.
INSURANCE COJLPANTEST
rtax Ann kauisk.
THOS. M. ALFRIEND k SON, General Agents,
902 Main street. See advertisement.
MUTUAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF VIR
GINIA, Tenth and Broad streets.
CONTINENTAL OF NEW YORK—Thomas S.
Armlstead, agent—lll3 Main street.
i.irE.
PIEDMONT AND ARIJNGTON-Home office
922 Mnln street.
BROOKLYN (N. Y.)—Thos. M. Alfriend Son
Agents—9o2 Main street. See advertisement.
UNIVERSAL LIFE Y.)_L. W. Rose, Agent,
1113 Main street.
JEWELERS.
JOMS H. TYLER jPcO., DOT MainTtreet.
UftUoiTDE^LLEß^ho^ler
WILLIAM ELLISON, 1430 Main street, keeps
constantly on hand a large stock of Rye and
Bourbon Wlrtskeys, Imported nnd Domestic
Brandies, Gin, Rum, Wines, ke.
r~77"7T~. ~r z
LIVERY STABLE.
W. Eighth street, between
Franklin and Main.
JAMES S. MORRISON, 1319 Franklin, between
Thirl ecnth and Fourteenth streets.
MEDICAL.
VALENTINE'S MEAT J IHE. Ira W. Blunt,
Agent, 480 Tenth street.
NEWSDEALERS.
C. F. JOHNSTON. 91« Main street. See adver.
tlsement.
-IDAH t. SEMON, 800 Broad street.
PAPER HANGERS UPHOLSTERS.
BOOTH, SPENCE Ce., Tenth street, lie
i« r\9t\ ivitun And itu tiif
Wtyt P«l| State lotttiwl
?o\^X; r r: P ;:l RICHMOND. VA. t WEDNESDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 20, 1871. VOL. IV. NO. jO.
PLUMBING, STEAM GAS-FTnTNG
W. J. ANDERSON, [Jos. \i.-.i!i and 2a-,
Broad streets.
PICTURES AND^LRRORS.
WM. DAKFROV 113* Main "tr-"l Se*a~vcr-
I tiSPltlPfll.
j S. K. CAMPBELL 10.. Virginia TralT.NlntJi
street.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
i JAMES T. SL'TTOS. Statb Jocks ai. Buildinr. j
i MIX Main streei. Sep advertise,!!—rit.
I JAS. L. Al'l'l iimiv (jtiee ls.-.j.) No. tola Main
1 and Eleventh, street*.
~restaurantT~
TRI-MOI'NTAIN IIOISI. MM Male |tMt. (on
the European plan,) I. I).- railnlian, Pro- I
prietor.
IWOPTNG, PLUMBING, &c. i!
J. L. WHITTAKER, 1317 cary siract.
SAVINGSJANKST
naiional rRErDME-cvTvivirwis ITa>k I
AND TRUST IIIMPAW. In norlll Tenth
streei, C'has. Spencer, Cashier. See advertise
menr.
j
SlKUEß—shatter strong agents tor Virftnia j
nnd North Carolina—fil.'t Main street. Sep ad
vertisement j
WHEELER WILSON-C. L- Rchvnv font j J
eral agent—lorn Main streets.
WILLCOX k WBRS—.Tames E. A. Gibbs, Pro-
prietor—Ninth and Rani? streets. See ndver- 1
tiseraent. i j
OROVBR k BAKER—G. kN. V,'. Darby, t
Agents—(Mil Broad street.
HOWE IMPROVED -,T. F. MoKenney, Apent—
Ri» Main stret I. The latest in modern im
provements. Be- atlvertlseraenj.
WEED*_W T m. Lot-hart, agent—739 Main, I I
corner Eighth street. I
I c
SIGN AND HOUSE PAINTING. \j
W. L. MOM'AOL'E, No. 8 South Tenth street" I
W. A. WYATT, 701 Grace street. A" work I
shall lie promptly attended to. I
D. 11. PI LE, Tenth M.reei, between Main and I s
Hank.
JITOVE AND IRON WORKS. a
lIhUMOMI AKtIIITEC'n.'RAI, IRO*l AND It
STOVE ttOMPAXY, UWVOt street. t
__JTOVES AND TIN-WARE.
W. J. ANDERSON, jjFoT 625 -Main and m P
Broad streets.
WILSON k WEST, l in Main street.
JOll> 11. ROSE, (successor to itose Day,) s
No. l.no Main street.
_. a

JOHN LAXOtICHE, No. (TlStoiunte) OTofk, r
Fourteenth street,
H. L. S.U.OMONSKV, eSoulli Fourleenth a
streei.
B. 141 i:t in is, No. 8 South Fourteenth street. c
WM. HOLT RICHARDSON It CO., No. 10 c
fourteenth stl t, oniioaitM Kvelcnge Hotel.
TYPE FOUNBEKS. ]l
ii. L. PELOIV.E CO., Frank.iv, Lei ween
Twell'th and Thirteenth streets! See adver- n
ti-em. ii.
MARSHAL'S SALES.
2.14, 2.1t, Kft—Kevenue. n
MARSHAL'S SALE—Ur virtue of writs or
venditioni exponas, issued out ot the Clerk's r\
OUiee ot the District Court of the United States
fur the Ba"tern District of Virginia, and to me
directed, I shall proceed to sell at pnhlic auction, a
for cash, on FRIDAY, the 2M day of December, p
at 11 o'clock A. M., in the More-room of tlie Cuts-
totn-House, at Norfolk, Va., the following j.ro-
perty, to wit: 11
1 barrel APPL-E BRANDY. »l
1 EMPTY HAIIREL.
11190 CIGARS.
70(1 CIGARS. n
2,1 fts. MANI'FACTI'HKD TtIBACCO. 1.
0 fts. do. do. r.
3 EMPTY SPIRIT BARRELS. a
Parties desiriug to purchase are invited to be
present. A
Dated Norfolk, A'a., Dec. 11,1871.
DAVID B.PARKER,
U. S. Marshal, tl
de 1:1—lot By JoitttW. Deputy. j,
I _j,
No. 179—Eovenne.
AKSiI AL S sH. 1.. Itj virtue ol a writ ol
venditioni exponas, issued onto! the Clerk's n
OtHc« of the District Court of the United Stands s,
for the Eastern District of Yireinia, and to me v
directed, I shall proceed .to sell at public auction,
lor cash, on WEDNESDAY, the 27th day of De
comber, 1871, at 11 o'clock'A. M., on the premises V
Of Wilson Day's tobacco tactory, on Lombard, j_j
near Sycamore street, PetorM.unr, Virginia,
the followiiu; property, to Wit
Six Twisting Beuclies 1 Xl
Oiu» Writini; Desk; t.
One Counting-oil' Table;
Two Stoves, eighteen Dryers;
One 1-pound Lump Mill, one .';-pound T.unip 1
Mill; tJ
One Mfs I.tunp Mill, two Box Screws ,i
One Shape Screw, two Stem ScJew, six Bands
One Isrge Lever, two smttll Levers, twenty U
empty Caddies; t]
Thirteen empty Hariris, one Wash Tub, one
Soap Jkix;
One patent Scale, tltret: small Scales;
One caddy Smoking Tobacco, one Hand-Saw; o
Seven hundred and forty pounds of Leaf To- i p.
bacco;
Twenty pounds Miami';.nur. .1 Tobacco, one a
Gallon Pot; tl
One Oven, one boilins Eel tie. one Sprinkler n
One bucket Flavoring, ov.c gallon Hunt, -even H
brands; 1<
Three Numbers, one Spade, seven hundred g
pounds Stents;
Twenty gallons Molasses;
One hundred nnd seventy-three .wunus Lumps I
Four pounds Snutf-beans, one pound cloves, fifty j
pounds Licorice, lifty-iive pnuiuls Oum 1
ArtiMc. I
Parties desiring to purchase arc invited to be I 0
present. i v
Dated Norfolk, Va.. Dec. 11, 1871. 9
DAVID H. PARKER. C
U.S. Marshal. t
de 13—lilt By John W. Fabb-ii., Deputy, j
M-,W> —Wieaae.
MARSHAL'S SALE—Uy virtue of writs of! r
venditioni exponas,issued outot the Clerk's j j
Office ol the District Court of the United States I
for the Eastern Dist ri.t of Yil'glnia, and to me j a
directed, 1 shall proceed to sell at public auction, c
for cash, on WEDNESDAY, the 27th day of De- I t
cember, IS7I, at 1 o'clock P. M., at the Custom- j
House, at Petersburg, Va Ihe following pro-
perty, to wit: B
150 Bis. TOBACCO.
00 Us. do.
2 packages TOBACCO.
1 package TWIST TOUACCO. I
fl empty CIGAR BOXES. J
6 !l,s. TWIST TOBACCII I
Parties desiring to purchase are Invited to be
present.
Dated Norfolk, Va.. Dei.'. 11,1571. 1
DAVID H. PARKER,
U. S. Marshal, I
delS—Kit BV-J..HS W. FARRt!t.t., DeptltV.
__
In Admiralty. I i
MARSHAL'S SALE—By virtue of a wilt of
venditioni exponas, Issued out of the Clerk's
Office of tlie District Court of lhe United States j
for the Eastern District of Virginia, and tome i
directed, I shall proceed to sell at njitdlc auction,
for cash, on TUESDAY, tlie Ifllh day of Decern- I
ber, 1871, at 12 o'clock M., at the wharf of H. H. I
Nichols, foot of Lafayette street, Norfolk, Va., I
the following property, to wit:
THE SCHOONER "JOHN r til;.-.Y'i HE,''
of 186 tons burthen, :uid Uie cargo, con sift ing of
about
1«0 CORDS OF PINE WOOD.
Parties desiring 10 ihii. liasc arc invited lobe
present.
Dated Norfolk. Va Dec. 11, 1871.
DAVID 11. PARKER,
i U.S. Marshal,
de 13—.": RyJpH" W. Faebul, Deptfty
(CHAMBERMAID WASTED.-A Chaiuber-
J maid, who has had experience in either a
j hotel or boarding house, i« wanted at 417 Eighth
street, corner of Clay. Good wanes and a per.
maneut sittivtiou will be given a suitable uppll-1
1 cant de lu—ll I
'j(?wmng rftoh; gouvmrt.
LOCAL MATTKHS.
Temperance Fanaticism—Zrt"ot'*?a-
I Hon to Imprison Men Asked For—A'Mon
strous Proposition Moral Suasion before
Force. —A number of gentlemen of tliis
j city, in conjunction with a few from other
sections of tne State, arc asking the Gene-
I ral Assembly, through Mr. J. Thompson
Brown, one ol the itidimond delegation, to
i give them the aulliriiy to arrest arid itnpri-
son men for 'i'liey ask for i
the incorporation oran "Inebriates' House,"
wiiose object is declared to be the founda
tion "of an institution for tlie love, ctTO
and reclamation ol inebriates." The word
"love," seems to us to be entirely out*of
j place but of course no unjust legiiilßtion
can be had, without dealing in deception of I
I some kind.
The Bth section of the bill contains this
language: "'lhe mayor of any city or
town, or the judge of any court, either
town or county, or any three magistrates
thereof, in which any inebriate or habitual J
drunkard may reside, shall have lhe pow-
;er to commit such inebriate or htbitual
drunkard to the Virginia Inebriate Home,
i upon the production and filing of an aflhla- i
I vit of two respectable citizens of rach city
or "ounty to the affect that such inelumtc
j or habitual drunkard is lost to self-control,
and unable to attend to any business of
j his own or any one's else, and hinders
1 rather than promotes the welfare of his or
her family, or is considered tub dangerous I
to remain at large; but such commitment
*hal! in no case Be for a linger period than j
one year."
On yesterday, when this section was be- I
me; read to the House, Mr. Booker, of
I Henry, who saw the Monstrous proposition
of these gentleman; feared iUfught be made i
i a means of persecution, nndbecome an in-
strument to deprive men of their liberties j
and rights as citizens, he was met by Mr. i
Brown with a statement that tlie writ of
habeas corpus could be demanded in all
such eases. This reply of the shrewd tem
perance gentleman satisfied Mr. Booker
and'quieted his fears at once. Bat for the
proposition to pass this bill by* we believe
it would have passed tho House without
the member.- seeing the hideousness of its
provisions.
What are the objections, to the bill in its
present shape
Kirst. Its friends propose the passage of
a law authorizing the arrest and "imprison
ment for twelve months of a man who is
sworn to be an habitual drunkard upon the c
aflidavitt of "two respectable citizens."— i
VVe guarantee we can lind in every commu
nity two or more "respectable citizens"
ready to swear that a man is incapable of
taking care of himself, who drinks moder-
ately. It gives the fanatics of the temper
ance cause the power of imprisoning who-
ever they please, and compels the victim to
employ counsel, su.e out a writ of habeas
coijieas, and light his causo in a court of
justice, or else remain at the mercy of his
jailors.
.Second. If tho-intention of these gentle-
men be refOlination, they prove themselves i
ignorant of the acknowledged fact that
reformation is seldom brought about ex- j
cept by tho voluntary notion of the parly t
needing it.
Third. They propose depriving indivi
duals of the control of their property, and
thus open the way for bad men to "swear
away a mail's liberties in order to obtain
possession and control of his nwans.
Not satisfied with this, they are unvvill-
ing to wait until they can complete t
their own prison house, but ask the Legis- _
lature to pass the bill, authorizing the ar
rest and imprisonment of parlies, who may
be sent lo any other ssvliwi in the United
States. j
U a cannot in too strong language con-
demn the monstrous propositions of these
men, who seem to be going deranged in s
their steal to reclaim men. Confine an
habitual drunkard in your jail, if you can I
secure the power keep him ironed, if you
please, for twelve months, and then set
him at liberty, and he would not walk a
square from his ••home of love." before he
would bo drunk.
It is, however, useless to argue what
would or would not result by such legisla-
tion—we merely wish to call the "attention
of members of the Legislature to the mon-
sti'ous propositions of these gentlemen, and
to ask that they be given that careful con-
sideration which such a subject demands.
These gentlemen need no longer prate about
the puritanical ideas of Massachusetts, since
they have elected to walk in her footsteps
by asking the Virginia Legislature to make
them the custodians of every man's liber-
ties who drinks liquor.
We wish to be understood as the friend
of temperance organizations, aud of all ef
forts to reform poor, fallen man but we
are frendly only so long as they confine
themselves to the principles which guide our
moral teachers, who prefer to teach relig
ion rather than burn men because they are
sinners. Thus far do we clasp hands with
them, but no further can we go.

j Tin: Concert by the Colored
I Choirs.—The Sacred Concert by the choirs
:of tho colored churches of Richmond and
Manchester, heretofore referred to by us,
comes off at Ebenezer church, hi this city,
to-morrow (Thursday) night. Six choirs
will participate, and a prize will be awuni
!ed to that one which shall be adjudged to
have performed its part most scieiitilically.
j A generous rivalry has thus been inspired
j among the church musicians, and their best
I efforts will bo put forth on the occasion of
the concert. The price of admission is
very low, ami wo have no doubt a large
audience will be in attendance.
Iju'osts Statements.— E. Youn(t, i
I Esq., chief of the Bureau of Statistics, j
i Washington, B. C, has transmitted to us
j valuable statistical tables on commerce and
j navigation, for tho fiscal year ending June
30, 1871, for which we return thanks. The
i value of foreign merchandise received
I through warehouse at the port of lUcli-
I mond for the year ending on the above
i date, was $10,107..'17; value of direct
entries, $.>1,44».-17 the aggregate duties
1 on which was 890,(192.-4.

Sale of Unclaimed Articles.—
In the police court this morning, after the
criminal docket had been disposed of, a lot
of unclaimed articles, stolen from the pro
per owners by various culprits, and in their
line of duty turned over by the police lo
the court, were sold to the highest bidders
at public auction, iv accordance with law,
our young friend Davy Richardson, clerk
of the court, acting as auctioneer. The
articles consisted of pistols, knives, spoons,
table-napkins, a silvei mug, a breast-pin,
&c, Are., all netting tho sum of 88.15.
i j Wk thank W. 11. 11. Stowell. member
.I of Congress from Virginia, for favors ex-
I tended to tlii< office.
LOCAL \oii:s.
j g_'—- A light hioiv fell last night.
—The amount of the public debt funded
•yesterday was 6233,834.15, making a total
to date of $20/249,785.4-.
—Thomas 11. Briggs, colored, Mas com
inoneed suit in the Clianccry court of this
city for a divorce from his wife, Rebecca
1 Briggs.
—Governor Walker on yesterday com- i
j missioned John A. Sloan "colonel, "Lucien
L. Bass lieutenant-colonel, and John I).
Whitehead major, of tho fir.-l Regiment
Virginia Volunteers.
—Since the annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Richmond and Danville rail
road company, (he directors have held a
meeting and reelected A. V. Stoke*, Esq,, I
vice-president of the road.
—The Governor has been officially in
formed that Denis Donahoe has been ap-
I pointed ISrilish Consul to (he Slates of Vir- j
i ginin. West Virginia, Maryland, Tennessee, J
Missouri anil Kentucky. The consulate j
i will be located in Baltimore.

Sample Merchants.—ln view of the i
cases now pending/in the Police court of
this city, under the provisions of the rcve
j nuo laws of Virginia, we give the points de
cided by the Supreme Court of the United
I States in the case of Ward vs. tho State of
j Maryland In this case (lie plaintiff in
j error was indicted in the State Court for
the violation of the law of the State against
galea by sample by noii-rcsideciits without
i license. The case went to the United States
Supreme Court and was decided last .Mon
day. It was held that the statute of Ma
ryland was a violation of that clans- of
the constitution, which guarantees to
the citizens of each Slate all the rights, i
j privileges, etc., of citizens inf tlie several
I Slates, and that it is, therefore, void but
the view is taken that it is not a violation
of the commercial clause ol the .constitution i
if tiie tax on residents and non-residents is
equally laid. Justice Bradley concurred i
in the opinion as to the iirst branch of the
decision, but dissented as to the second,
holding that tho statute is a violation of
the commercial clause of the constitution,
because it is a regulation of commerce be-
tweon the and that it is repugnant
to this clause of the constitution without
regard to the equality of the lax.
The Legislature of Tennessee a few days
ago repealed tlie tax on commercial travel
ers in that Slate, and we trust the Legisla-
ture of Virginia will see the wisdom of such J
iction, and speedily repeal all laws which
hamper commercial relations with other
State-;, and which are in letter or spirit in
conflict with the constitution, laws, or dc- f
cisions of the courts of the United States.
:_
Police CotrßT—'JiuftVfe J. While j
Presiding:, —The (61 owing case* were dis-
posetl of to-day
.James Farmer, charged with stealing t
$17, the properly of Edward Coles. Dis-
missed, no witnesses appearing. The party
is already in jail for stealing a pair of i
pants.
John Chesterfield, charged with breaking c
and entering the eating-house of John A. t
Smith. Discharged, no evidence to sustain _
the charge.
Patrick Maxfield, charged with assault- t
ing and striking James Freeman, with in-
tent to kill. Case continued till Saturday
next for further examination.
Jacob Brice, charged with stealing a pair j
of shoes from A bram Clarke. Found
guilty and sent to jail for ten days. t
Abraham James, charged wfth creating I
a disturbance in the streets, and also with
stealing a hat, coat and dress, was dis-
charged, there being no evidence to sub-
stanttate the charge of theft.
IvKIS-IvKIXCiLE ON BItOAD STREET— I f
His Heard Full of Snow This Morning. I I
Old Km-Kringlo (and who is there who
does not know "Old Santa-Clans"?) made j
his appearance night before last on Broad l
street, at. Mr. Judah Semen's, Xo. 805. j
He may be seen emerging from the chim-
ney, with his stack of toys and other
Christmas presents greatly reduced, be- I
cause, while in Semon's, he left nearl vail the j
toys he had to spare this Christmas. "Among t
the remarkable ones he deposited, is an j
organ, with a monkey upon it, who plays 1
the fiddle, winks his eyes, aud opens and
shuts his mouth, as natural as a duck
swiming. Mr. Semon has numerous other I
rare and beautiful toys, embracing the most
varied -stock in the city, all of which is j t
open to inspection, lie"invites all the lit-I 1
tie boys and girls in the city, together wilh 1
their parents aud grand-parents, to come I
and examine them, and choose which they I 1
will have foil Christmas, The monkey I
organ is to bo rallied for thirty chances, at j
$2 a chaiice. Tho instrument is a niagnifi- 1
cent one, and plays a half dozen beautiful
tunes.
Call and see Semon and his splendid
stock of Christinas toys. Remember the
place, 805 Broad street, j
Mot Mic, Bur Somebody Else.—We
give the "Sons and Friends of Temperance"
the benefit of their denial, as published in
the Dispatch of this morning, in which
they state their orders "are not represented
in the Vigilance Committee appointed to
see that the law in regard to the closing of
bar-rooms on Sunday is enforced."
Since publishing an article upon the sub-
ject, we are informed that "The Temple of j
Honor," claims the honor of seeing that j
the law it executed. We move' that
Mayor Keilcy appoint them on his police j
force, with power to send for persons and i
papers. 11

Ex-Ma you CHAHOON,—The announce-
ment which has been made that ex-Mayor j
Chahoon had decided to remove to I\ew..
York city, is certainly premature. We j
have good authority for staling that Mr. C.
has not yet decided to leave Richmond.
In this connection we may stale that, in j
pardoning Mr. Chahoon, Governor Walker
also, in the exercise of power conferred j
upon him by the constitution of the State,
I added a clause removing all political disa- i
i bilities which might have attached in con- j
sequence of the conviction by the court.
The Berkley-!, athrop Contested j
Seat in the Senate.—The Senate com-1
mitteeon privileges and elections yesterday i
made a report in this case, recommending j
that Mr. Lathrop be allowed to hold his i
seat. The report, in accordance with the i
law, was accompanied by a review of the j
facts of the casu and the reasons inducing
the committee to their conclusion. Mr. I
1 I.athrop is a Republican his contestant a
1 Democrat. _
Moutuhy Report.—-The following is j
tho mortuary report for the week ending
Saturday, December ICth, 1871, compiled j
I from sextons' returns, received at the office j
of the Board of Health: Whole number of'
j deaths in the city, 17 in addition two
stillborn were reported (colored). Sex:
r 1 Males, 13; females, 1. Color: White
males, 6; colored males, 7 colored fe
-1 males. 4.
I Legislators and the Pi-
IWS. —The committee of Uie iioumi
rates on banks, currency and eom
ntered upon the investigation of the
of the pilot laws again yesterday,
nined Captain Allen, harbor-mas
o was for a number of years a
iter himself—and Mr. Curtis, a
>wn ship-broker of this city. Capt.
>f the |iil.its, was also examined,
■timony of Capt. Allen furnished
its .showing what a good thing the
ade of their calling, and the injury
as done to the trade of this city by
exacted from masters of vessels,
iinony of Mr. Curtis was equally
in showing that compulsory pilot
a most oppressive cxactiota. It
ivn plainly by these gentlemen that
t unjust to have a pilot forced on
naster from Hampton Roads to
id, or from Richmond to Hampton
vhen he did not icant one —as fully
t as it would be to compel a trav
lkc a guide on a road, and make
for that guide, too, when he did
one.
w York Times ot yesterday nlakcg the
statement
iValker of Virginia has pardoned ex
hahoon, heretofore twice convicted of
rln the Hannsteln forgery. Very gen
action tl expressed at litis action of the
omit of the matter is mistaken and
Ulr. Chahoon has once been convicted
packed by his malignant political ene
evcrdict'of this jury was annulled by
courts on account of illegality, nnd a
was ordered. In this second trial, In
c greatest eil'oris on the part of those j
•d to destroy Mr. Chahoon, the jury did
Noolher trinl has ever taken place
ition of complicity in the alleged Haun- i
cry cannot be sustained. Mr. fjha
rnce consisted in bringing a suit as
pon a bond which he did not know to
and the alleged forgery of which has
believe, been fully established
orgedornoi, the bond wns put, into!
ion's hands as a lawyer, after it had
istence for a great length of time. Any j
•er would have brought a suit upon t
.d, and no one wonld eveir have been j
any connection with Its forgery, unlet*
beeti some purpose of political or —«r-
--it.y to be subserved thereby.— Ntie fork
in, we may state, is in error in
C.'s case was only twice brought I
The case was heard three tirrtus.
•espects the article is, we believe, I
m of a Hack Driver for j
United States Mail Bags I
OS3ES3l.ON.—Captain John Frey, j
;ent of the Postofflce Department,
tii!* arrested a hack driver, named
Vlexander, who had in his posses- j
now United States mail bags. I
had been cut open, and the driver
spread across his lap as a protec
i the weather. Alexander was
ire United States Commissioner
who, upon an examination, sent
n to the grand jury of the April j
:ie United States court, requiring j
nalty for making inproper use of j
tates mail bags is three years I
nent in the penitentiary and a
it less than ten dollars nor more I
hundred, one or both. Captain j
Silant and untiring in his duties, j
ll'enders against the laws relating i
lartment of public service will oe
tirought to justice.
*ia's Honor Saved.—There
some graud and lofty tumbling in
i of Delegates to-day, many mem-
ng somersaults over each other
og leap frog like boys in spring.
We can now confidently predict, that the
honor of Virginia has been saved—(by
Wall street gold)—and that the interest on
the public debt u-ill be paid in January,
provided nobody come* forward and pays
more gold to stop it.
tho case of Martin Alley having been heard,
ihe argument of counsel is going on to-day. i
Geo. I). Wise, Esq., opened for the Com- j
monwealth, and was followed by Mr. Tur- I
pin for the defense, who will lie followed
by Judge Ould, also for the defense, when j
the argument will be closed by the Com- j
monwealth's Attorney. Tiro case Will not
be given to the jury, however, before to-
Foreign Wines, Liquors, and CI
GARS.—We direct attention to the adver
tisement of Oscar Cranz, No 2 Exchange
block, Fourteenth street, to be found in our j
paper to-day. The stock advertised is of j
lis own importation, and selected especial- I
for this market. The house of Mr.
anz is too well known in Richmond and j
cinity to need commendation at our
intuls.
Taxation kor IS72.—The joint com-
littees of the two houses of the General
ssembly on finance are considering the
x bill lor next year. Of course it is not j
lossiblo for them to agree upon anything
ie the rate until the funding bill matter, j
w under consideration, is finally disposed j
m
Fireman's Ball.—The members of!
le Alert Fire company, of Manchester,
iropose giving a grand ball on Friday night
it. No tickets will be sold, as it is to be t
private affair, and only such persons are i
xpected as are invited.
List oe L'nmailable Letters Re-
aining in the richmond post- j
ffice, December 20th, 1871.—A.'
.C. Nowlin, John H. Perse,
*<»rt Royal, Va.; Mrs. M. Hill, Rutber I
len, \a.; J. Cohen, Petersburg; \V.
.ipping Co., New York Miss R. Wil-
ni, (colored) Richmond; T. J. Roberts, i
oysville, Va.; A. Brown, Richmond.
The State Senate.—This body will!
eet at half-past 7 o'clock to-night, and
Mime the consideration of the funding
question, and it is understood that it will
not adjourn until a decision is reached.
CONCERT.
1 R A Nl> CONCERT
i I.T AT THE
KBENEZER RAPTIST CHI'RCH
BY THE
I REGULARLY CONSTITUTED CHOIRS
jof the Richmond and Manchester Colored
Churches,
j ON THURSDAY NIGHT, Dfckmber 81, Wl.
The following choirs will take part in the
1. OLD CHURCH CHOIR.
MANCHESTER CHOIR
i. EBENEZER CHOIR.
S. M. E. CHURCH OHO IK
0. BLOODY-RUN CHOIR.
The exercises will be opened with an address
i by Hon. John Matthews, member of the General
Assembly of Virginia from Petersburg.
Several distinguished musicians will decide a
to the merits or the singers.
Admissioh—Gentleman and lady, 25c single
II person, lftc; children, inc. de ln-S.M That
rpHE STATE JOI R,\AL U ox eic»ll«at
I I vertisinj msdiu a ?ry it and mV

FROM WASHINGTON.
*"*r* Numes or Congressmen- The l.ega.
Tender Cases—True Hills Avniust Del'aiillen
—Compensation -liked for—Butler's Wi.iuni,'.
Sell race 1(111.
j J>ecn discovered that there is no law to pun-
I ish the fogery of the name of a member ol
I Congress. Air. Piatt, of Virginia recently
discovered that his signature had been forge J
to certain documents, and at once set to
1 work to find out the offender and have him
punished, when he ascertained the above
Senator Kumsey will introduce an amend
ment to the postoffice bill making such an
I offense a misdemeanor punishable by a fine
The Chief Justice has announced to the
bar that the opinions in the legal tender
cue* would he read at an early day after
opinion had been postponed by the request
of the minority.
The contested election case of McKcnzie
against Braxton has been taken up in tlie
House Committee on Contested Elections.
To-day the grand jury found true bills of
indictmen( against F. A. Marden, charging
hun with embezzling $12,000 of (he lawful
money of the United States, and Seth Jnhn-
I son, charged with embezzling .*IO,iHIO.
I The indictments are very long, each being
written on ten or twelve pages of legal cap.
Mr LeWte presented in the Senate to-day
i a petition (rom Richard H. Garrett, of tar
I oi me county, Va., a.-king compensation for
the capture of John* Wilkes Booth and D.
|C. Han-old in 180",. Booth ftn ,i Harrold,
jit will be remembered, was concealed in
j tianeU's barn, and it was destroyed by
fire iv order to get them.
j The bill introduced by (Jen. Butler in
Ihe House of Representative* 've.-terder af
j ternooii just previous to the aujounimei
•of that body, provides: "That no citi*
of the United States having the qualificatioi
I proscribed by law entitling sucii citizens
j vote at any election in any State or Tcrrito
ry shall be in any manner hindered or d
I prived qf a vote at any election by reaso
i of Or on account of any distinction of sex
The provisions of an act entitled 'an act to
I enforce the rights of the citizen* of tl
I niii d States to vote in the scleral State
of this Union and for other purposes,' ap
proved May 31, 1870, appropriate to en-
I forcing the provisions of this act are herob
made applicable thereto."
The Finance Committee are now at work
considering the reports of tlie sub-commit
tees, who were authorized last summer t
I inquire into the workings of the tariff on
some of the lending articles of taxatioi
Tire reports are on the following subjects
tin tobacco, Moirill, of Vermont,' ant
Ames; on spirits, Sherman and Bayard;
iron aud other metals, Scott and Ames
wool and woolen.*, Wright and Morrill
lumber and salt, Kenton and Wright.
10,
The .\orlhern Uonndary Arbitration—Eng
land's Prince Celling Well—lhe .Suez Canal
Tor Sale—The Orleans Princes Take thei
Seats.
Isindon, Dec. 10.—A special lo th
\Eeho from Berlin, says Minister Banerol
j yesterday delivered to ihe. Emperorof tier
many, who had accepted the arbitral nrshi]
between Great Britain and the Unitet
States, the memorandum of the American
j government in regard to tiic northwestern
1 boundary question.
Tendon, Dec. 10, 6 P. M.—The Princ
iof Wales continues to make satislactor
progress. The Duke of Edinburgh, wh
I left last week a.-, soon as the Prince was tit
j claretl out of danger, will return to San
dringhain Saturday.
London, Dec. in.—The Sublime Port
I and the Khedive of Egypt have refused i
purchase the Suez canal, and M. de Lessej,
is now applying to oilier governments t
j Paris, Dec. 39.—There has been
heated discussion in the Assembly ove
j the question of the seating of the Orlean
1 Princes. Desjnrdins moved the restoration
of the Princes to all their light.-. The Do
j puties of the Left violently opposed this
but finally the motion, which avoids all ad
vice or responsibility, was passed with ba
I two dissenting votes.
j Later.—The Duke D'Aumale and th
Prince De Joinville took their seats in th
Assembly to-day. They sit in the eetiti
of the members of the" Bight. Their np
j pearance created no sensation in the body
A bill has been introduced providing fit
the release of Communis! prisoner wh
The Guliernutnri-.il Election in Georgia Teeter
i day—A One-shied Affair—Only SUty Thou- I
sand Votes Cast out of Two Hundred Thou-
Augnsta, On., Dec. 19.—The election for j
(iovernor to fill the unexpired term of Ru- I
j fus B. Bullock, was the quietest ever held j
|in Georgia. Only about one thousand votes
j were polled in Richmond county—all for
James AI. Smith. The Republicans took
jno part in the election. The vote in the
I State is about 200,000. There being no op-
I position to the Democratic candidate, it is
believed that not more than sixty thou
j sand votes have been polled in the entire
What .Minister Sickles Came Home For.~
1 states that Sickles received secret orders to
1 return to Washington immediately for con
sulfation on important Slate matters. It
is generally believed at Madrid that Sickle*
was called home to confer upon Cuban
matters. The sudden call precipitated his
t marriage, the pair starting for Washington
immediately after the ceremony.
A Philadelphia National Bank Oone ludet.
Philadelphia, Dec. 10.-—The Fourth Xa
i tional Bank, located on Arch, below Eighth
street, has been thrown out by a joint ac
tion of the bank examiners and clearing
deposits amounting to about $800,000.' An
investigation is making of its present co
dition.
Growth of the Internationals- -Impor
Criminals.
AVio Forty Dec. 19.—At a meeting
1 j the Federal Council of Internationals T
night, the Crispin, .Jewelers and Ty]
graphical Union, affiliated with and becat
part of the Internationals.
The immigration commissioners sta
that ticket-of leave men and other F.nglis
s i criminals are again arriving here quite n
j inerously.
j Smalt Pox Spreading.
le Xciv V Dee 10.—The small pox
_ spreading in Jersey City, Hoboken a
Trenton, and special hospitals for the
I tients are being assigned in those place
Oinri.il Paper far tne ««irrnmenl.
Kills OF iIIVKKTIMMi.
ONE DdLLAK per square pf eight lines, solid
nonimriel
SPECIAL IMTKS made al counter, o: hy
oonimct, with regular patrons.
•I'M VI AHA
—The smll-pox hi Chicago is on the in
crease, mostly .among emigrants.
—A dispatch from Auburn states that
ihe reports <.f Seward'* sickness are un
—Rev. Osinnn Baker, bishop of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, at Concord,
N. 11., was in a dying condition last
—The Democratic caucus of the Ken
i tucky legislature has nominated McCreery
|to succeed Davis in the f nited State-*
—John Cooper was, on Friday last, in
Cleveland, Ohio, convicted of murder hi
the first degree for killing James 11. Swing.
and made a full confession of his guilt.
Warrants, based on charges of coni
i ilictty in the voucher robbery in New
i'ork city, were on Monday issued for (he
rrest of John V. Ilecnan, the ex-pugilist,
i iVilliam H. Cook, nnd Edward Dunphv.
'hesc three men, it is sgid, disappeared
rom New York about twelve days ago,
and warrant* for their arrest have been sen!
to Europe.
VlcKKime from the President Concerning tlie
Itcpcrt or Civil JService commission.
President (irajil yesterday sent the tbl
owing message to Congress:
To tic S ,a le and Mouse of Representatives:
In accordance wilh the act of Congress,
apporuved March ,'t, 1871, I convened a
commissiion of eminent gentlemen to devise
rules and regulations for the purpose of re
irmiug the civil service. Their labors arc
ow completed, and 1 transmit herewith
t leir report, together with the rules Which
t icy recommend for my action. These
lies have been adopted, aud will, go iuio
elect on the Ist day of January, 1872.
Jnder the law referred to, as I interpret
the authority is already invested in the
Executive to enforce these regulations, with
ill power to abridge, alter or amend them
t his option when changes may be deemed
dvisahlc.
These views, together with the report of
t ie commissioners, are submitted ftlr your
archil consideration as to whether further
cgislatioi) may be necessary in order to
arry out an effective and beneficial civil
Tvice reform. If left to myself Without
iirthtr Congressional action, (he rotes
prescribed by the com mission nndfT the
reservation already mentioned, wiji be
faithfully executed bu( (hey are not Bind
ing without further legislation, iipnh mv
Befog desirous of bringing this, subject
to the attention ol Congress before the ap
proaching recess, I have not time to suffi
ciently examine the accompanying repdrt
to enable hie to suggest definite Wsislntive
action to insure the support w-hich may be
necessary in order to give a■ thorough trial
to a policy long needed.
I ask for all lhe strength Which Congress
can give me to enable me to carry out the
reforms in the civil service recommended
by the commission and adopted to take
effect, as before stated, on January Ist,
1872. The law which provides for the
convening a commission to devise rules and
regulations for reforming the civil service,
thorizes, 1 think, Ihe permanent orgaui
tion ot a primary board, under whose
neral direction all examinations of ap
icants for public office shall be conducted.
lere is no appropriation to continue snch
board beyond the termination of its
iresent labors. I therefore recommend
hat it prayer appropriation be made to
Mitinue the services of the present board
or another year, and in view of tlie (act
t lat three members of the board hold posi
t or* in the public service which precludes
t lem from receiving extra compensation
ider existing laws, that they be authorized
0 receive a fair compensation for extra ser
ces by them in (he performance of tin;
uty. IT. s. Grant.
Kittwllc, Mansion, Den. VJth l*:i.
*jT TO THE PUBLIC._Ii wan announced Iv
ie State Jem.vu. of Saturday, the 16th ill*'.,
and tinceon handbills, that I would deliver an
address before some society,orotlnrorgantzation,
of winch I know nothing. And further, I would
Mate thai this announcement was made without
knowledge or .onsen!.
if. YV. X M.vrrer.We.
louse ni Delegates, Richmond. Dec. 20th, 1571
tS~C.u to J. W. Pledge., *01 Bron.l street,
tl bnyjonr Candies, Cakes, Frnits and Toys,
id :tl) your Christmu.-. goods.
*gf"Vou can bayauod iinhi-m-ii. Nut Coal ut
11. I'age Nmeieiiiil, and Cary, or 70«
race .stive., at 5..-v«u ilollars per ton. Weed
id QJovi T Hill cv.-..'. .-it :o,\.«i ,1:1,1, price*.
t.;,- snom Clans. haviug discovered Coluwl.u.
yil Broad street, has mail., it. hu lugttdiiuiu'U.ts
r Confectioneries and Toys of till kind.-.
ShS" it you want Toys unit Christum. i.e,„t
v to Semon's, sos Kroad sire.-i.
<kW" 1 .ail sou have Visited AmouPs, yon uili
aye no idea what a complete stock of Candies,
akes, Emits and lon looks like.
IgTMusirul Instruments tad Musical iller.
chandi— ej every description can always be
found at J. :\la_-h', Music D'-pol, No. HIS Main
street. He has just received a new and exten
vc stock of the above named goods.
S3T .-Sii). Allen, where did yonget that hand
me box of French Candy Why, Jiai, at
oe Pledge's, of course, SO7 Broad streei.
tUST (So ice the monkey nnd orgau al Be
ion's, SOS Broad street,

teß"ir yuu want first-class Toys, Cakes,
'cuius and Candles, at low prices, go to see Co
im.bus at (14 Uroad street.
Skg~ Semon, s>oj Uroad street, va» the largest
nd clieapest lot of Toys in the citJr.
IteE' Remember thai Coluuihus received the
j.l premium for Candy at the Virginia Staie
atir.
*d?-Amoui*» establishment crowded ull day
long with men, women, and children, «oine buy
ing, others trying, and aU crying to be welted
upon.
VF It you want v goad laugh, go to Semen's
News and Toy DeiK.t, so.', Uroad street.
"Pledge" yon my word, if yon want first.
ckiss (Jluistmas goods, at low prices, yon had
better go at ence 10 807 Broad street.
R-~ Don't lull to see -iapolroit aud remll>
at Semon's, SOS Broad street.
•dTTI.c cheapest place in the State ler
Christmas goods is at .14 Krond s-trret
»3~ "Let l's Have Pence."—lf yuu Waal
gcace in Uie family, go to Antont's and buy your
Toys, Cakes, Gaudies anl Fruite, or the BtUe
ones will never In* satisfied.
ViriNES AND I.IQIORS;
I have now a \ec\- seleel stock of VYiT?l~n.v
2,»v_i, Lf £y 0, S unn
unn i.;,.r. ,lt v "f BOI'RHON
AND HYb WHIaiiKS on hand, and beg all In
1 win ol either to call and samiiie before net
.1 basing elsewhere OSCAR CRANZ,
1 No. v hicliaiige Uioui.