Jtoaps and Jarts.
The estimated loss to the revenue by
the fire in Chicago is four millions.
The Savannah municipal election went
Democratic.
The Southern Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph
Company will reach New Orleans by
the 20th instant.
The premium list of the Columbus, Ga.,
Fair, offers a premium of $75 to the young
lady who does the best cooking.
A new paper recently started in Louisiana
nominates Mr. Alexander H. Stephens,
of Georgia, for next President
Mr. Jefferson Davis, it is said, will soon
take up his residence permanently in Baltimore.
Another poor girl has died in Virginia
from the use of tobacco, at the age of one
hundred. She was an orphan.
President Grant has rented seventeen
stalls at the St. Louis Fair Grounds to exhibit
some of the choice cattle from his farm near
that city.
Ihe bravest man in Tennessee lives at
Shelby depot. After six months of widowhood
he married his mother-in-law, who is
twenty years his senior.
Major Hodge, the defaulting pay-master,
has been tried and convicted, and sentenced I
t/> t?n vears imnrisonment in the penitentiary
at Albany, N. V.
The discovery has been made that grape
leaves make a yeast in some respects superior
to bops, as the bread rises sooner And has not
the peculiar taste which many object to in
that made from hops.
It is estimated that 150,000 acres of the
beet timber in America are cut every year to
supply the deraad for railway sleepers alone.
In a single year the locomotives in the United
States consume $56,000,000 worth of wood.
Grinnell, Iowa, a village fifteen years
old, with a population of 2500 to 3000 people
has no bar-room. Every deed oovenants that
the purchaser shall not sell intoxicating beverages,
nor allow them to be sold, on the premises.
Emigration from England to the United
States is increasing rapidly. During the last
three months for which an official report was
made, the departures from Liverpool were
5000 in excess of the preceding quarter.
Among these emigrants are many skilled laborers-and
mechanics.
Western distillers have added a new
feature to their whisky, as if it were not sufficiently
caustic and deadly before. Sulphuric
acid is now added in such quantity that it soon
eats up the inside of the barrels, and instantly
blackens iron or copper. Pleasant stuff to
put into a man's stomach
An English chemist has been experimenting
for the purpose of ascertaining how
much of various kinds of food must be eaten
in order to make one pound of flesh. He
comes to the conclusion that it requires 25
pounds of milk, 100 of turnips, 50 of potatoes,
50 of carrots, 9 of oat meal, 7 of barley
meal, and 3 of peas or beans.
About a year ago, New England was
suffering from a drouth. This year Illinois is
similarly afflicted, and to such an extent that
plowing is impossible. These dry seasons are,
for the most part, attributable to the destruction
of timber, and close observers in Illinois
say that the disappearance of even the meagre
amount of forest growths which some localities
have known, has had a perceptible effect
on the annual rain fall.
In Minnesota the prairie fire hasburned
through the earth in some places to the depth
of five feet Fort Abercrombie narrowly escaped
destruction. The fire was discovered
making its way toward the fort with wonderful
rapidity, and the entire garrison was ordered
out, and, armed with blankets, the men
fought it off, and saved the buildings hay and
wood. There were 900 tons of hay and 800
or 900 cords of wood near the fort
rpwiMwnee a better maintaining thai IffT
first want of the South is to have a reliable,
honest and exact information of her territory
and population widely disseminated in Europe,
and the second is the formation of companies
of land proprietors to clear titles, and to procure
such information, which is then to be
conveyed through responsible agencies. Such
an association for Virginia has been formed
in Charlotte county, of that State.
A Chicago letter, speaking of the cause
of the great fire, shows the following ridiculous
side of a serious subject. The letter
says: The only house left standing on the
block where the fire first broke out was the
one occunied bv the old Irish woman whose
lamp started the fire. On yesterday afternoon
she sat on her front door step moaning
bitterly because the fire had burned up her
cows. She was too ignorant to understand
what a calamity had overtaken the proud city
of the West through her own carelessness.
A Chicago merchant now in town, (says
the New York Journal of Commerce,) evinces
the enterprise and courage of his class by buying
sugars and syrups to stock the new store
which he is going to open in Chicago?his old
place being now in ashes. He says in his
note now before us, (continues the Journal,)
"We shall strain every nerve to start again at
once, and believe we can have a store built
and in operation by the time we can receive
these goods." This is the pluck that has
built up Chicago, and will rebuild it very soon,
but it is to be hoped more durable than before.
Colonel Lewis W. Washington, the head
of a branch of the family to which the first
President belonged, died on October 1, after
a brief illness of congestive fever, at his residence,
near Harper's Ferry, We3t Virginia.
He will be remembered as the most conspicuous
of the gentlemen who were seized and
held as hostages by John Brown in his famous
raid on Harper's Ferry, in October, 1859.
He possessed a valuable collection of relics
of Washington, among others the elegant
sword sent by Frederick the Great, with the
inscription, "From the oldest General in the
world to the greatest."
A Paris correspondent remarks that
several incidents of late are recorded in favor
of the Emperor Napoleon. In the first place,
he is no longer called "Badinguet." Again,
whether from sympathy with the Empire, or
merely because of the French innate spirit of
opposition, the working classes are ready and
willing to go into another insurrection, many
of them saying that they prefer an Empire to
a Government like the present For the first
time since the war, also, Napoleon's portraits
are beginning to be exhibited in the shop
windows, and the Parisians, with their restless
love of novelty, gaze at the familiar phiz as
though the well-waxed moustache, beaky nose,
and fishy eyes, were something entirely new to
them.
It is estimated that the total amount of
money contributions to the sufferers by the
Chicago fire thus far from cities, towns and j
individuals, in this country and Europe, reaches
$3,000,000. It is impossible to estimate
the value of contributions of clothing and
supplies at present. The New York subscriptions
exceea $500,000; Brooklyn, $125,000;
Boston, $400,000; Pittsburg, $l60,000. Cities
and towns all over New England are subscribing
from $1,000 to $50,000. Reports from
all parts of the West and South show unabated
zeal on the part of the people in collecting
money and supplies for the suffering people of
Chicago, and the good work goes bravely on.
Among the contributions were $10,000 from
the Adams Express Company, and $5000 each
from Messrs. Baring, Morgan, Rothschild,
Brown, Shipley Co., of England, the Great
Western Railway and the Grand Trunk Rail-1
way of Canada.
Vice-President Colfax has found himself
sufficiently recruited to perpetrate a long
article in the columns of the Independent, in
which he handles the subjects of retrenchment,
subsidies, amnesty, civil service, the tariff, Ac.,
with hts usual glibness. He recognizes the
popular demand that railroad land grants
should cease, and the homestead principle re- i
main inviolate. He takes up the cudgel in
favor of universal amnesty, and instead of a
bulky bill, relieving thousands of individuals
by name, which "fell by its own weight," he
favors a bill relieving the great mass of the
Southern people from all constitutional disabilities.
Touching civil service reform, Mr.
Colfax advances a peg beyond the recent party
enactment, and hopes that postmasters may
eventually be nominated by the people interested.
He advises the next Congress to reduce
taxation sixty to eighty millions, and
after a long labyrinth of introductory remark,
counsels the levying of duties "for revenue
and not for prohibition," the making free of
hundreds of articles from which little revenue
is received, and the lightening of duties on or
rendering free raw materials not produced in
this country. The article is carefully prepared,
and its advanced positions tempt one
to believe that its eminent author is election~V>imcolP
in onifp <if Viia pplft
CCliUg (I llbiav IVi Ul&XJOVW) 11 U|??vv V* -w
brated retirement from politics.
ihf fsrMlr (ttfrawr.
YORKVILLE, S. C.:
THURSDAY MORNING, OCT. 19, 1871.
Watch the Figures.?The date on the "addresslabel"
shows the time to which the subscription if
paid. If subscribers do not wish their papers discontinued,
the date must be kept in advance.
Cash.?It must be distinctly understood thai
our terms for subscription, advertising and jobwork,
are cash, in advance
JOB PBINTim
Having determined to devote more atten
tion hereafter to job printing than we hav<
done in the past, we would inform the publi<
that our office is now well supplied with uev
type of the latest styles, and the best ma
chinery in use; and with a choice stock o
inks, cards, papers, &c., we are prepared t<
execute as good work as can be done any
where in the United States. Orders for
Ball Tickets, Freight Billheads,
Bank Notices, Labels,
Bonds and Coupons, Law Blanks,
Bill Heads, Law Briefs,
Business Cards, Letter Circulars,
Certificates of Deposit, Letter Headings,
Certificates of Stock, Memorandum Billhead
Checks, Note Circulars,
Deposit Tickets, Note Headings,
Drafts and Notes, Programmes,
Envelopes, Policies, Fire&Life Ins.
Election Tickets, Shinplasters,
Festival Tickets, I Wedding Cards,
will receive prompt attention, and satisfactioi
as to quality of work, guaranteed in ever
instance. Particular attention given to fini
work in colors.
AFFAIBVTN YORK.
The arrival in Yorkville of Hon. A. T
Akerman, Attorney-General of the Unite<
States, and Hon. D. T. Corbin, Attorney
General of the State, on Tuesday afternoon
was duly announced in the Enquirer of las
week. These officials, upon arriving here
proceeded immediately to the headquarters o
Colonel Merrill, commandant of this post
where they were in conference for several days
and we presume the result of their delibera
tions is the proclamation issued by Presiden
Grant on the 12th instant.
In connection with these proceedings, an<
in view of the fact that since Thursday, thre
additional companies of troops?two of cav
airy and one of infantry?have arrived hen
1 "dated October 10th, to the New York Ttmei
may not be uninteresting:
"The public will reioice to learn that th<
Government is taking the entire kuklux or
ganization of the South literally by the throat
A movement of the most important characte:
was initiated six weeks ago, the details o
which have been arranged with the utmost se
cresy, and the results of which are now beinj
developed in a rapid and even startling man
ner. There is news to-day of an utter pani<
among the whole organization in the State o
South Carolina. It will be remembered tha
at the last Cabinet meeting, held early in Sep
tember, the report went out extensively tha
it was then agreed that nothing short of t
proclamation of martial law would meet tin
requirements of the situation. These dispatch
es alone maintained that such a proclamatioi
would not be issued, and that was just the de
cision the Cabinet arrived at. Important in
formation was laid before the President ai
that meeting, to the effect that it was possibh
tnrough the civil arm, to lay hands on the
leaders of the gang in every southern State
and annihilate it utterly. The facts were
considered and a plan agreed upon which ii
now being carried into execution. The de
tails of the movement are not proper to be
made public, but the results are beginning tc
come to light, despite the efforts of the kukluj
press agents to suppress them. It is sufficieni
to say that the Government agents inside the
klans themselves have placed it in possessior
of the whole paraphernalia, insignia, and tc
a great extent the names of the leaders of the
order, whose ramifications and purposes ex
tended far beyond the belief of most people
North or South."
This dispatch was soon followed by the
President's proclamation, which is in the fol
lowing words:
Whereas unlawful combinations and con
spiracies have long existed, and do still exist
in the State of South Carolina, for the purpose
of depriving certain portions and classes oi
the people of that State of the rights, privi
leges, and immunities, and protection named
in the Constitution of the United States, and
secured by the act of Congress approved April
the twentieth, one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-one, entitled "An Act to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
of J,he Constitution of the United States
to wit, in the counties of Spartanburg, York,
Union, Chester, Laurens, Newberry, Fairfield,
Lancaster, and Chesterfield?such combinations
and conspiracies do so obstruct and
hinder the execution of the laws of said State
and of the United States as to deprive the
people aforesaid of the rights, privileges, immunities,
and protection aforesaid, and do oppose
and obstruct the laws of the United
States and their due execution, and impede
and obstruct the due course of justice under
the same
And whereas the constituted authorities of
said State are unable to protect people aforesaid
in such rights within the said counties;
And whereas the combinations and conspiracies
aforesaid, within the counties aforesaid,
are organized and armed, and are so numerous
and powerful as to be able to defy the constituted
authorities of said State and of the
United States within the said State, and by
reason of said causes the conviction of such
offenders and the preservation of the public
peace and safety have become impracticable
in said counties;
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President
of the United States of America, do hereby
command all persons composing the unlawful
combinations and conspiracies aforesaid
to disperse and to retire peaceably to their
homes within five days of the date hereof, and
to deliver either to the marshal of the United
States for the District of South Carolina, or
to any of his deputies, or to any military officer
of the United States within said counties,
all arms, ammunition, uniforms, disguises and
other means and implements used, Kept, possessed
or controlled by them, for carrying out
the unlawful purposes for which the combinations
and conspiracies are organized.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.
Doneatthe city of Washington, this twelfth
day of October, in the year of our Lord one j
thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and
j of the independence of the United States of,
America the ninety-sixth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President: Hamilton Fish, Secretary
of State.
j Since the promulgation of the President's
1 proclamation, which is supposed to be the
precursor of a declaration of martial law in
this section of the State, a feeling of insecurity
pervades among many, and as a result of
the apprehensions engendered, we learn that
a number ?f persons have left the town and
county. We hear of no arrests of citizens
Kowincp ob vot hppn made. It is stated that a j
~b J
private soldier of one of the infantry corapa- j
nies stationed here has been placed under ar-!
rest, and is now in jail, charged with advising j
or counseling a citizen of the town to leave, i
THE RECENT ELECTIONS.
The result in Ohio, according to the latest
estimates, gives the Senate 18 Democrats and
17 Republicans and the House 47 Democrats
and 56 Republicans. The Republican
majority throughout the State is about 18,000.

^Pennsylvania is conceded to the Republi.
cans, though returns are not sufficiently complete
to give majorities. The Legislature
will probably stand: Senate, 18 Republicans,
15 Democrats; House, 59 Republicans and 41
Democrats.
J Iowa has gone Republican by about 45,
000 majority, with important losses in the
t Legislature.
In Texas, the net majorities, as far as heard
from are as follows: First district, eight counties,
Herndon's (Democrat) majority, 1,507
second district, Connor (Democrat) reelected
by about 15,000 majority; third district, fif^
teen counties, Giddings's (Democrat) majori\
ty 622; fourth district, twenty-nine counties,
Hancock's (Democrat) majority, 3,640. The
aggregate Democratic majority in the State
3 is estimated at 40,000. Trouble seems to be
apprehended in the State. The counties of
Limestone, Bell and Grimes have been deKv
tliA Governor under martial law,
uj vmv
and assessed $50,000 for "bad behavior."
The vote of these counties will be thrown out,
which will give the State senatorship to theRes
publican candidate. One hundred and twenty-five
negro iailitia have arrived at Grosbeck,
and business is reported entirely suspended
there. All the roads leading to the place are
guarded, and none are allowed to pass in or
i out. Twenty-five citizens have been arrested
f and placed under bonds for their appearance
b before Judge Oliver.
In the Legislature, a discussion of the Governor's
action in proclaiming martial law, en,
sued in the House on Saturday. A resoluj
tion to sustain the Governor was opposed by
many leading Republicans. Plutnly, Radical,
from Galveston county, bitterly opposing
it,'said: "I shall vote against the Governor's
proclamation of martial law, because I think
it is -illegal. I will not be deterred from the
expression of my opinion against the procla'
mation by the cry of having gone to the De'
mocracy. I shall vote against it, because I
t am a Republican, and regard the proclamation
as destructive to party, subversive of the
Constitution and the liberties of the people.
e The Governor has made a mistake. I will
not be compelled, under party Itwbuig, to endorse
and ratify the error. My county has
Wivta years taTnow.' flie>Increase* is
causal by enforcing just such illegal and ire
regular declarations of martial law as we are
now considering."
r STATE ITEMS.
f The telesraDh line to Abbeville is com
pleted.
I The Union says that Governor Scott and
Comptroller-General Neagle left Columbia
for Washington on Friday night last.
t ?At the recent terra of the Circuit Court
of Orangeburg, the County Commissioners
t for that county were convicted of malfeasance
1 in office.
2 ?The Wilmington, Columbia and Augusta
Railroad, has been completed to Columbia.
The first passenger train passed over the road
on Wednesday of last week,
t The South Carolina Railroad Company
j has reduced the rates of freight on cotton be5
tween Columbia and Charleston, to 35 cents
per hundred pounds.
The trial of cases, in which negro property
was the consideration, progresses in the
Sumter court under the decision of the Su>
preme Court of the State?Judge Orr's adc
verse course to the contrary notwithstanding,
k Two United States soldiers and an illicit
distiller broke out of Spartanburg jail last
week. One soldier was caught. The others
have escaped. The alarm was given by a
prisoner who is charged with ku-kluxism.
J The Union limes of last week says there
is a perfect reign of terror in Spartanburg
5 county, and nearly all business, except that
pertaining to the United States Marshal's office,
is at a stand-still. Numbers of persons
have left the county from fear of arrest.
Judge Orr has grab ted permission for the
institution of proceedings against the Air-Line
i Railroad Company in South Carolina to for[
feit their charter for various reasons, but
I principally for their persistent refusal to lo!
cate their road to some point on the Savan'
nah River by Anderson Courthouse.
?The Banner of the South and Planter's
Journal, published at Augusta. Ga.. is bow
.1 publishing a full Roster of Jenkins' and
Bratton's Brigade, composed of the 1st, S. C.
Volunteers, 2nd S. C. Rifles, 5th S. C. Volunteers,
6th S. C. Volunteers, and Palmetto
Sharp Shooters. Terms, 83.
The Spartan of last week, says that up to
the 10th instant, ten men had been arrested
as ku-klux and lodged in the jail at Spartanburg,
five of whom were subsequently releas1
ed. The statement "that numbers of the
j 'mystic-clan' are surrendering themselves and
being lodged in jail, is contradicted. All
i who are in jail were arrested."

NORTH CAROLINA NEWS.
The General Assembly will meet on the
third Monday of November.
A serious fight occurred between two negroes
at a corn-shucking in Orange county
last week. One of them had voted the Democratic
ticket, and was attacked for his course,
and severely stabbed in the fight which resulted
from the quarrel.
The completion of the railroad between
Salem and Greensboro is at last assured. The
road-bed has been finished several months,
I and ready for the iron, which the Richmond
and Danville road agrees to lay, taking a
mortgage on the road therefor.
The Greensboro Patriot says: "A remarkable
number of deaths have occurred in this
vicinity within the last two weeks amounting
to between fifteen and twenty. The number
is unprecedented in this locality, which is one
of the healthiest in the State."
The Salem Press says: A friend informs
us that a difficulty occurred at Mocksville
during Davie Court, between Mr. W. B.
March, and a man named Call, in which the;
latter, who had been quite abusive, was severely
cut in the shoulders and across the breast I
The United States troops have been with- j
drawn from Robeson county. They are unable
to effect the object of their mission?the
capture of the Lowery gang. "Would it not
be well for the President to issue a proclamation
commanding Lowery and his adherent*
to bring up their guns and accoutrements and
desist from further transgressions of the law
The Charlotte Democrat learns that a com-'
pany of U. S. cavalry has been sent to Cleveland
county, and that arrests are "fetill being
made iu that county and Rutherford of per^
sons who are charged with belonging to the;
ku*klux organization. The Democrat further
aavfl: "We have been informed that hun
?J dreds
of young men are leaving some of the I
counties on the other side of the Catawba river^
for fear of being arrested."
H. A. Suow, of Greensboro, cautions Mas-;
ters of Masonic Lodges against an impostor
by the name of Keele, claiming to hail from
Whitesburg Lodge, No. 295, Letcher county,
Kentucky. The said Keele solicits charity,
and leads a profligate life with the donations"
he receives. E. H. White, W. M., of Phalanx
Lodge in Charlotte, publishes a similar warning
in regard to the impostor. f
The Goldsboro Messenger says that a cdnlpany
of U. S. troops arrived at that town froii
Robeson county, on Tuesday of lastjfc?ek?^|
encamped there until next evening, when
they departed for Fort Macon. While encamped
in Goldsboro, a squad of them made
a raid upon a grogshop kept by colored men.
Here they stole one or more bottles of the
"ardent" and "decamped." One of the sable
proprietors gave chase and dispatched three
pistol shots after them, but without effect.
?Five colored men entered a saloon in Wilmington
one day last week and demanded
drinks, which were refused them, upon which
they swore out a warrant and had the proprietors
of the saloon arrested for a violation of
the civil rights bill. The case coming before
the U. S. Commissioner McQuigg, after a full
hearing, the defendants were discharged, the
Commissioner taking the ground that the
complainants could not purchase without 3
contract to that effect, and that it was impossible
to compel any person to dispose of any
property without his consent. It was further
decided that the defendants and any othei
persons have the right to decline to sell any
Qt-fJnlo nf Tkorannal nronertv. In fact that
viv?w v* 1 r
they can refuse to sell to a white man, and the
white man would have no remedy.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A. Williford, Rock Hill, So. Ca.-Selling off at
Cost.
Francis Johnson and Madison Simrll?Ho! For
Liberia.
J. B. Withers?Notice.
M. Jones, Agent?Miracles of Enterprise,
Brem, Brown <fe Co., Charlotte, N. C.?Wholesale
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic Hardware
and Cutlery, <fec.
Samuel B. Hall, Judge of Probate?Notice to the
Heirs-at-law of Patsey Craig, deceased.
E. Dickenson, Agent?New Goods.
W. L. Grier, Secretary?I. O. 0. F.
John T. Grist?Mourning Note Paper?Pateni
Blotting Pads.
EDITORIAL INKLINGS.
The Insurance Companies.
The Chicago calamity failed to produce
the panic in financial circles that would nafr
urally be expected to result from so great a
disaster; and even the insurance companies.
nearly all of which had large risks itt.thl
city, claim to be able to meet all their liatdlr
ties, which, in the aggregate, amount to
000.000. On examination, we find thuge coqt
parries uumg promag la this sectiorrran^fj
to be sound and able to pay their liabTniiei
without impairing their strength. Tho rates
of insurance will, however, advance, and con*
panies will, in the future, be more cautiout
than heretofore in taking risks.
Movements of the Ku*Klux Committee.
The sub-committee on ku-klux, Senator
Pratt, chairman, after sitting eight days ill
session in Huntsville, Alabama, adjourned
on Saturday evening, to go by way of Chattanooga
to Montgomery, where they will remain
two or three days, and then go to Demopolis,
Marengo county, Ala., where they
will remain for perhaps a week. They have
examined forty-two witnesses at Huntsville?
including several of the principal public men
on the Democratic side, who regarded the
county as peaceful; on the other side, many
persons, including negroes, testified to acts o(
violence.
Connubial Rights in Georgia.
In Georgia recently a white man and a
colored woman, who had been married under
a license duly issued by the Ordinary, were in
a State court convicted of adultery and sentenced
to imprisonment, on the ground that
marriages between the white and black races
are forbidden by a State statute, and are
therefore illegal and void. They sued out a
writ of habeas corpus, and had their case taken
before Judge Erskine of the United States
District Court, claiming that the law under
which they had been convicted was in contravention
of the first section of the Fourteenth
Amendment, which provides that no State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of any
citizen of the United States. Judge Erskine
decided that the validity of the statute in
question had not been affected by the adoption
of the amendment, and that the pretended
marriage of the parties was illegal, and their
conviction just and proper under the laws.
According to this decision, the marriage of a
white man to a black woman is neither a
privilege nor a right.
The Great Prairie Fire. ?r4!
Later accounts from the prairie fire in
Wisconsin confirm the previous accounts in
regard to the extent of the devastation of thft.
flames and from the counties of Saint Clair
and Huron, the accounts are indeed distressing.
All that portion of the State east of
Saginaw Bay and north of a point forty miles
above Port Huron has been swept. A number
of persons perished. Five villages are en
tirely destroyed; two partially, and others are
threatened. There were large stores destroyed.
A steamer sent to their relief, from Port Huron,
has returned with forty, several of whom are
badly burned. All telegraph offices along the
shore have been burned. R. B. Hubbard, at
Huron City, shot all his fine horses and cattle,
to prevent their perishing by fire. A light
rain fell on Monday, and abated the fires.
Professor Charles Scott, of Hope College, perished
also, a minister, whose name has not
been ascertained.
The larger portion of the city of Manister
has been burned. It is situated on the east
coast of Lake Michigan and contains four
thousand inhabitants, and is the greatest lumber
town in the State.
Governor Fairchild telegraphs under date
of the 14th, that the appalling calamity has
not been exaggerated. Over 3,000 men, women
and children are now destitute. The loss
of life has been very great; not less than 500
persons have been burned at Pishtego and vicinity,
and 300 on the eastern shore. Scores
of men, women and children are now in temporary
hospitals, burned and maimed.
Martial Law in the South.
The "Washington Chronicle of Saturday
has the following, which we publish for what
it is worth:
"A protracted session of the Cabinet was
held yesterday. All the members except Attorney-General
Akerman were present, who
was represented by Solicitor-General Bristow.
The members were reticent as to the subjects
of consideration in the Cabinet, but it was inferred
that martial law will be proclaimed in
South Carolina, and probably in Georgia and
Alabama, unless those who have been committing
outrages there show a perfect willingness
to comply with the provisions of civil law
4n the future. It is understood that the Secretary
of War has already issued orders concentrating
the military in disorganized sections
of the States named above, and that inside
of ten days, should a refractory spirit be
shown by the people, thousands will be put
under arrest by the military and held for trial.
Chicago.
The following brief sketch in relation
'to Chicago, possesses interest at this time:
h Chicago is situated on Lake Michigan, at
the mouth of Chicago river. The river affords
the only good harbor on the west side
of the lake near its southern extremity,
and to this fact the city owed its original importance.
The name is of Indian origin, and
is mentioned by the French Jesuit Missionary
ij^larquette, who first visited it in 1673. The
town was first laid out in 1830, and organized
in 1833, when it contained only twenty-eight
votes. In four years, the population increased
*4,000. The rapid progress of Chicago since
TO37 is probably unparalleled in the growth
jwcities. As early as 1854, it was announced
Mfflf&t Chicago was the largest primary grain
dep6r in -the world. In all departments of
trade, it ranked among the first cities of the
Union. The colossal fortunes amassed by
raanv of its citizens were freely expended in
building up the city in a style of unsurpassed
magnificence and grandeur. Chicago rated
as the fifth city in the Union, according to the
census of 1870. The population, as ascertained
by the marshals, was reported to be
298,977, but it was claimed to be several thousand
more.
The Robeson Outlaws.
The Radical negro ku-klux, Henrj
Berry Lowrey, of Robeson county, N. C.
seems to be harder to overcome by Federal au
thority than Brigham Young in his strong
hold ofMormouism. It is reported that a few
days since, Lowrey passed down Lumber Riv
er in a batteau within full view of a squad ol
twenty-three "boys in blue," who fired upor
him. He simply "squatted" in the bottom oi
his boat, careening it over so as to constitute
an amateur breast-work to protect him fron
their bullets, and "paddled" about his busi
ness."
The Wilmington Journal of a recent date
has the following in regard to the Robesor
outlaws:
"The war is at an end. The campaign ir
Robeson county has been abandoned, anc
Henry Berry Lowrey, the hero of Scuffletown
remains boss of the situation. The forces sen;
there by the Governor have not fulfilled th<
i expectations formed of them, and the peoph
i of Robeson are to be again left to the pitiles
mercy of the savages.
The troops stationed there have all beei
withdrawn, they having arrived in this city
via the Wilmington, Charlotte and Ruther
fordton railroad. Thev comprise detachment
from companies G ana K, 4th United State
Artillery. The former are to rejoin their com
mand at Smithville, and the latter leave fo
i Goldsboro. White men are arrested by th
hundred, but it is impossible to secure a dozei
mulatto outlaws."
.Ike President's Proclamation.
In regard to the proclamation of th
.Spfoudent, the Washington correspondent c
fRie"Baltimore Sun writes as follows. The ic
Sanation that the carpet-baggers and office
PCSdera generally in the South are to be^ep
d in order, as well as the "ku-klux" is amusing
j to say the least The correspondent write
I under date of the 13th
It is learned that the Presidential procla
raation under the ku-klux act means mor
than its surface would indicate. It is nov
known positively that for more than six week
past, or even since the Ku-Klux Committer
of Congress returned from the South, the ad
ministration has had under consideration i
3 policy to be enforced not only against the so
i called ku-klux organizations, but in the ad
ministration of Federal civil affairs in thi
South. There was no substantial different*
of opinion among the President and the Cab
1 inet and the leading Republicans who favoret
this new order of things, except as to the tim<
when it shall be enforced, and that account!
i for the delay until after the October elections
The proclamation is, therefore, but the fore
runner of martial law and the suspension o:
the writ of habeas corpus.
iX prULUlilCUL liiCIUUCl U1 biiu uuvyiuiuvui
and also leading Republicans declare to-daj
that the arrangements of the civil and mill
tary for wholesale arrests of members of the
1 ku-klux klan had been perfected, and'thaf
the country would be surprised, if the proclamation
were not heeded, by the arrest of wellknown
southern men. Inasmuch as it if
avered that outrages in the South are pro
voked by corruption of office-holders and th?
plunder of the people, it is the intention oi
the President to warfare against all corrupt
Federal officials, and to invite the cooperation
of all good Republicans for the displacement
of bad State officials. This is to go hand-inland
with the enforcement of the ku-klus
law until it is stated "there is a lasting peace
ii the South."
Intensely Radical.
In the canvass now progressing in Virginia,
the question of repudiation comes in
for a share of discussion; and it is at least
amusing to read the theories and arguments
advanced by some of the supporters of repudiation.
The following circular is published
in the Staunton Spectator by Ahithophel
Smith, a candidate for the House of Delegates.
The fact that it is published seriously
and in good faith, renders it the more ab?
1
"I respectfully announce myself a candidate
for the Legisltaure?say the House of Dele,
J?tes. As to my political principles, I presume
it don't matter whether I am Conservative
or Radical, and I shall say nothing on
that subject. The only question of interest
now-a-days is repudiation, and upon that I
am right. I see that some of the candidates
in Rockingham are for repudiating the State
debt. So far so good. A candidate in Highland
goes for repudiating all debts, public
and private, contracted before April 10th,
1865. That is a step further in the right diTection.
But neither the Rockingham lawyer
nor the Highland doctor has quite come up
to the mark yet. They are on the way, however,
and I hail them as fellow-workers. My
doctrine is repudiate all debts, and divide out
the property. Here is my neighbor Major
Jones, who owns five hundred acres of good
land, worth $25,000, who don't want to pay
his debts (amounting to $500) and grumbles
heavily about the taxes. Well, now, is it
Virrlif on/1 fair tVinl nftiorhhor .Tones shall be
relieved of his debts and taxes and hold on to
all his land I say it ain't; because when
the law relieves one it ought to relive all.
I have no debts to be abolished, and I want
a little farm badly. If elected, I promise to
1 carry out my principles?universal repudiation
down to the latest possible moment, (none
of your 10th of April, 1865) an equal division
of property, and an even start for us all.
There are of course no constitutional difficulties
in the way. The people who hold property
to any amount worth sjpeaking of, are a
small minority, and if all the other sort vote
for me I shall certainly be elected. Those
like me, who owe no debts and hold no property,
don't care a straw about repudiation or
taxes unless in the new shuffle we can come
in for something."
Correspondence of the Yorkville Enquirer, g]
FROM UNION COUNTY.
OUR POLITICAL 8ITUATION?PRICES OF LAND,
8TOCK, AC. fj
So far as we know, our county has not been a
visited by the United States constables with k
the usual squad of cavalry. They came to
Limestone Springs a few days ago, with a fc
bundle of warrants, but made very few ar-
rests?perhaps but one, and that Saul A. 8
Camp, Esq., about sixty years old. He gave t
bond for $300, and went home. Said squad 8
broke down doors, broke into provision j
houses, and helped' themselves generally.
The soldiers were not to .blame; but the mean
natives who always lead and direct them on J
such occasions. They pervert the ends of j
law and justice very much, when they become
guilty of acts equally as lawless as anything f
the so-called ku-klux ever did. The great- t
eat evil is that many of our best young men
are leaving the State rather than submit to a 1
trial where witnesses are hired and the jury
packed. We trust there is enough moderation
and good sense amongst our citizens of
all colors and political creed, to settle down
and live t uietly and peaceably. The govern- j
raent at Washington will give us no help, for
agitation and violence is what they wish and
work for. There is no hope in our present
State government, for the corrupt and base
and dishonest in power do not desire the
country to subside into a normal condition.
The only hope is in the good sense of the
people.
Several tracts of land have recen tly changed
bands in our*vicinity at fair prices. An upland
tract well worn and thin, was sold for
I $10 per acre: This was the highest. The
1 John Goudelock homestead, about 500 acres,
was sold by the Probate Judge for $3.00 per
acre. This place was very much worn, with
little woodland on it This is a little higher
than it was a year ago for land of the same
quality.
Some corn has been sold at 90 cents from
the heap. Oats 75 to $1.00. Cotton seed
121 to 15 cents.. Hogs gross, 6 to 61. Milk
r cows $15 to $25.00 Horses and mules have
OOPIf 1? ttln in nriee for the la8t year.
m \juaugvu vi j j r
p A good young animal will be sure to bring a
good price. P.
f THE GREAT FIRE IN CHICAGO.
As our readers were apprized in last week's
1 issue of the Enquirer, the city of Chicago
has been visited by the direst calamity from
fire that has ever occurred in any city of the
United States. Men of wealth have been
I made poor, and poor men have been deprived
of shelter for themselves and their families,
J and these unfortunate people are numbered
by thousands. Such a scene of desolation
t and woe, from such a cause, has never before
i been witnessed on the American continent;
nor, indeed has it many counterparts in all
3 the history of the world.
We collate from the various reports the
following connected narrative, giving the
origin and progress of the fire and its incis
dents, which will be read with melancholy
s interest:
Late on Sunday evening, the 8th instant, a
r boy went into a stable on De Koven street,
8 near the river, on the west side, to milk a
II cow, carrying with him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by the cow, and the
burning fluid scattered among the straw.
e This -was the beginning of the great fire. A
single extinguisher on tiie ground, or active
work by the police in tearing down a few
shanties, would have prevented the spreading
pf the flflnftfiT?btt* fffrp
for, and when they arrived, the firemen, stupefied
by their exertions at the first fire on
s Saturday night, worked slowly and clumsily.
Their efforts were unavailing. The wind
blew a gale from the southwest.
0 Rapidly the flames shot from house to
v house, and from board-yard to board-yard,
B having meanwhile crossed the river north of
e Twelfth street to the south side, and made for
the brick and stone business blocks, the railj
road freight dep6ts and manufacturing es.
tablishments. The full extent of the danger
was now realized for the first time.
g The Fire Department, already tired oujf
3 worked like heroes, and the Mayor and tlfe
city government, that had supinely rest
j now began to exert themselves, but the ?p,
portunity had been lost. l
3 THE LOST OPPORTUNITY. 1
The time when thorough organization coui^i
have blown up the buildings or prepared for
f an emergency was neglected, ana it was now
a fight for life,
t The wind, blowing a stiff gale, had possesr
sion of the flames, and the beautiful build.
ings, Chicago's glory, lay before them. Har5
rison, Van Buren, Adams, Monroe and Madt
ison streets, were soon reached, the interven
ing blocks from the river to Dearborn street
on the east being consumed. Three-quarters
of a mile of brick blocks were consumed as if
by magic.
UNCON8CIOU8 VICTIMS,
f It being Sunday, proprietere and employes
were at home, utterly unconscious of what was
i taking place. Those who saw the flames
thought it was the remains of Saturday night's
fire, and having confidence in the fire depart:
ment, were unconcerned but between 11 and
12 o'clock a rumor got abroad that the fire
was in the business part of the city. Then
the people commenced moving. Horses were
brought into requisition to take proprietors
and others to the scene of conflagration.
What a scene met their gaze! The Board of
1 Trade, Court House, Western Union Tele1
graph and Associated Press office, and hundreds
of other buildings were all in flames.
The air was filled with live coals, which
were hurled from north to east, a besom of
destruction. Fire engines were powerless for
saving. All the men could do was to blow
up buildings; but this availed but little.
The Times. Tribune. Pvst, livpuOiwwt, JUw
nal and other newspaper offices; Western
News Company, and several other prominent
buildings, all were soon in ashes.
QUICK DESTRUCTION.
Tf coomprl thftf im flftnnpr had the flame
struck a wall than it went directly through,
and a very few minutes sufficed to destroy
the most elaborately-built structures. The
walls melted, and the very bricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire,
making a continuous sheet of flame two miles
long by one mile wide. No human being
could possibly survive many minutes. Block j
after block fell, and red-hot coals shot higher
and higher, and spread further and further,
until the north side was a vast sheet of flame
from river to lake. At one time it so hem-
med the people that it was expected thousands
must perish. The Sherman, Tremont,
and other hotels were emptied of their guests.
A REMARKABLE SIGHT
was presented in the hurrying throngs, with
trunks, sacks or bags on their shoulders, flee-
ing amid the flames for their lives. Those j
who could, made for the surrounding bridges,
and others got next to the lake shore ana to
the south. I
THE FIRE RAGING ON TUESDAY.
At 1 o'clock Tuesday morning, the fire was j 1
still raging in all its relentless fury, and there 1
seeraea but little hope for the ill-fated city.
Block after block, street after street, and district
after district, succumbed to the devour-!
j ing monster. Five hundred lives are said to 1
I have been sacrificed in this fiery lake, and
I hundreds of valuable animals perished in the t
I flames. The wind, which during the dav, -1
had blown a moderate gale from the south- 1
ward and eastward, driving the fire into and 2
through the heart of the Dusiness portion of
the city, suddenly shifted to the northward,
and drove the destructive element back upon T
ae southern district, which, it was thought,
rould be spared. All hopes at ouce fled, and 1
iie suffering ones gave themselves up to de- c
pair. In the dark, and with the crackling
ames above and around them, the houseless t
nd terror-stricken people dropped on their
nees and t
PKAYED TO GOD
o stay the scourge. The prayer was answer- 1
d. At 3 o'clock, the huge clouds of rolling
moke from the ruins gathered in the heav- 1
ns, and gaining moisture from contact with
he cold air above, descended in refreshing
howers. The progress of the flames was apjarently
checked. But human ingenuity
vas brought to boar likewise. Gen. Sheridan
vith a large force of sappers and miners un- 1
lertook the task of fighting the fire-god. He
)lew up and demolished whole blocks of buildngs,
and laid waste entire streets in the path
)f the flames. To add to the horrors, wnich
it this time must have been indescribable,
seven or eight fiends were caught in the act
)f plying the torch. They were either sumnarily
hanged or shot, as was most convenimt
MORE DISHEARTENING NEWS.
*1?*
And then came a aespatcn Baying tum mo
6re was still rapidly spreading, and again the
hearts, of the people fell; and finally telegraphic
communication was entirely suspended,
which was not resumed until 3 o'clock,
Lm., when a despatch w&s sent to Saint
uis announcing that a heavy rain storm
having set in, the fire had at last been extinguished.
SLEEPING IN THE WOODS.
A .lame camp has. been formed outside
tne c7fr, and teqts are being supplied to
some, ofctf thousands of people are sleeping on
the ground. In the western district, women
and children throng the streets, and are cooking
their food at small fires built along the
curbstones. At least ten thousand wealthy
business men are, by the result of the conflagration,
left penniless.
HANGING INCENDIARIES.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn jn on
Tuesday night as an extra police force, and
the Secretary of war authorized Glen. Sheridan
to employ all available troops for guard,
and issued an order for one hundred thousand
rations. Five hundred soldiers are on duty.
This precaution was necessary, for, as remarkable
as it may seem, there were fiends who
still sought to extend the disaster.
Two men caught in the act of firing houses
on the west side, were arrested and hung immediately
to lamp-posts?one on Twelfth
street, near the river, and the other three
miles away, on Clayburne avenue, riorth side.
This summary action served to check' the
thieves and murderers.
PROVIDING FOR THE HOMELESS.
Water for drinking and household use is
secured from the lake and parks, and for hore
es from the river. There are a tnousana people
camped about the artesian well, four miles
out, and perhaps as many more at the lake,
upon Fullerton and Victor avenues, near the
prairie. The people are being fed in the remaining
churches, school-houses, in sheds, and
by the roadside. It was cold and chilly Tuesday
morning, causing great suffering.
FRIGHTFUL SCENES.
Thousands of persons and horses inextricably
commingled poor people of all colors and
shades, and of every nationality, from Europe,
China, and Africa, mad with excitement,
struggled with each other to get awav. Hundreds
were trampled under foot Men and
women were loaded with bundles and their
household goods, to whose skirits were clinging
tender infants, half dressed and barefooted,
all seeking a place of safety. Hours afterward
these might have been seen in vacant
lots or on the streets far out in the suburbs,
stretched in the dust Those are the suffering
lambs whom Christ now calls on the rich world
to feed and clothe. Qod help them if the
heart of ipaa shall vow .obdurate 1 Oqjrof
the mo8t$itftd aiglitf WM tfrat of a yAcfleCrany
C^^^wert
toe," Ac. There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted, and made desperate by whisky
or beer, which from excess of thirst they
drank in absence of water in great quantities,
who snread themselves in everv direction, a
terror to all they met It is fearful to think
of the loss of life. It is conjectured, with good
cause, that nearly five hundred persons nave
.been burnt to death.
THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION GONE.
All the books and papers of the Historical
Society, including the original copy of the famous
Emancipation Proclamation, President
Lincoln's, for which the Society paid $25,000,
were destroyed.
It is feared that a large number of children,
inmates of the Catholic Orphan Society on
State street, were also burned, as many of
them are missing. On Chicago avenue a father
rushed up stairs, bearing three children
away, when he was overtaken by the flames
and perished with them. The mother was afterward
seen on the street on the northwest
side a raving maniac. In the same neighborhood
a family of five persons yerished.
The list of such fatalities is very Ion# and can
only be fully verified after the smoke shall
have cleared away. There are Hundreds of
families on that side who savfd no clothing,
but barely their lives.
DETERMINATION IP REBUILD.
A special meeting of t*e Legislature is to
be held to provide raeaf for aiding the business
men and providing employment for the
poor. Fears are ento"^^0^ that the desperate
distress of so ms>y will create squads of
pillagers, and thathfe will not be safe. To
relieve these Ge>* Sheridan is telegraphing
for more troops /hd special police forces are
being organize/by the citizens. The only effectual
reme# ia to find employment for the
thousands would work if they could. A
meeting ofthe business men has already been
held, and s spirit was manifested at once to
set to worl to rebuild the city and restore
business.
&E EXTENT OF THE FIRE.
j
Chica/o covered twenty-one square miles,
of whicl three were destroyed, leaving eigh-
toon touched. One-seventh of the city is
all tn? was destroyed, u. iuere?y me territory
be looTed at; but the proportion in value of j
property destroyed is l*rger.
WHAT BEMAINS.
I late telegram conveys the following information
as to whit now remains of the city, s
aid its future p'ospects. The larger share a
of the homes of Chicago, her best and choicest
residence an( manufacturing sections, re- o
nain, and a va* area of her best and most ii
fharacteristie bsiness. The residence sections
of Waba* avenue and Michigan ave- n
me that have'een visited were by no means n
;he choicest i that character, for they had
jegun to pc^ess a mixed quality. On a tl
arge extent>f Michigan avenue not a new fi;
residence of he best class had been built in
ave years. to the north side, the residence bi
portion iD^ed was of a choice character, of
but manyf the buildings were of the old;ime
class in
Set it own, therefore, that Chicago still
lives. Ir bomes, her industrial enterprises, Q
ire 8titfarg?ly intact Very few of her m
large irJufacturing establishments were de- of
itroyed The loss falls on her public institutions,
ir larger buildings, her centres of an
trade1(* finance, and upon an army of the eri
|oweJia88 of tenants and bank and mercantile
d>loy&. With these losses, many fine foi
bom h&ve g?ne> hut this is all. Enough pe
reiiJ8 to build anew upon. j
jmerous outlying blocks and many ex- inj
3ol edifices of the better class in the more bu
by occupied Wabash avenue and Michi- j
j.avenue, below Twelfth street, have been by
jl'ed. Among these is certainly the noble
st Baptist Churcb, on Wabash, Harmon- iug
rt, and the Michigan avenue Hotel, on drc
corner of Michigan avenue and Congress j
et. 2,5
LOSS IN PROVISIONS. ]0st
'he following tables give the amount and strc
ralue of stocks of provisions in store on the
st of October, by which the aggregate loss
tan be very nearly determined
Flour, 20,360 barrels, at 87 per barrel; toal
value, $142,520.
Pork, 16,460 barrels, at $13 per barrel; toal
value, $21,850.
Prime mess pork, 2,000 barrels, at $11 per
jarrel; total value, $22,000.
Lard, 8,970 tierces, at $30 a tierce; total
(ralue, $270,070.
Bacon, 4,590,000 pounds, at 9i cents per
oound total value. $43,560.
Wheat, 1,463,418" bushels, at $1.20 per
bushel; total value, $1,756,101.60.
Cora, 868,253 bushels at 46 cents per bushel
total value, $398,396.38.
Oats, 749,240 bushels, at 30 cents per bushel
total value, $224,771.
Rye, 86,319 bushels, at 65 J cents per bushel
total value, $56,150.50$.
Barley, 686,255 bushels, at 68$ cents per
bushel; total value, $401,659.13.
According to the above list the total value
of the stocks in store at Chicago on the 1st instant
was $3,528,809.61.
LATER AND MINOR ITEMS.
There has been no renewal of fires and nothing
has occurred to disturb the city. The relief
committees are thoroughly organized and
doing all in their power tor the aid of the
sufferers. The abundance of provisions, and
the fact of their being distributed gratuitously,
bas had the effect to demoralize many laboring
men, and some of them refuse to work
for less than one dollar per hour.
The bankers of the city have held a meeting
in .which they resolved to open for business
as soon as possible, and to pay immediate installments
to not more1 than fifteen per oenU
in the case of any individual bank, and will
continue to pay additional installments as
fast as assets are made available, until the
entire liabilities are liquidated, it being an
advantage to the community to reserve a
portion of their cash assets to furnish accommodations
to surviving commercial interests.
Returns of the Census office show that the
population of the six wards wholly burned
over in Chicago is 92,893. Three other wards,
with an aggregate populasion of 60,000, were
U A TU? u,mwAa
aouut uue-iuuu UUIUW UVCI. xuo nwiuo
burned entirely were the Fiitt, Second, Sixteenth,
Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth,
and Twentieth. The First and Second Wtards
comprised the prinoipal heavy business stores,
the Sixteenth and Seventeenth the immense
iron manufacturing establishments, and the
Seventeenth to the Twentieth were almost
wholly given up to residences.
Ninety dead bodies have been recovered
from the rivers, and quite a number died from
exposure. The loss of life cannot be estimated,
though large numbers are known to have
been burnt ana crushed by falling walls.
The total loss of grain is definitely ascertained
to be 1,600,000 bushels. Over 5,000,000
bushels are now in store, and the dealers
in groceries, grain and provisions announce
that they will not take advantage of the situation,
but continue to sell goods at the old
prices. _
THE RIOT U PHILADELPHIA.
On Tuesday of last week?the day of the
election in Pennsylvania?a serious riot occurred
in Philadelphia. Four or five men
were killed, of whom two were colored, and
twenty-five wounded, five of the wounded being
colored men. Three brigades of militia
were ordered to the scene of the trouble; and
a lieutenant of police was arrested and held
to bail for obstructing the polls.
The trouble first commenced between the
white and colored men at Eigth and Fifxwater
streets. The crowd, drawn together by
the report of a fight, numbered nearly 1,000.
A shower of paving stones was fired, and the
fight began in earnest Pistols were used, i
and a number of men armed with bright new I
muskets ohafged and fired into the crowd. I
The .battle continued aa4h#pewed op J
Vj a W L. 1 .1, t
During the fight in Lom bard street, i
men armed with muskets came out ?f.? I
ley just below Seventh street, and ^frrrl I
upon a squad of police, who were baekedby 1
a nost 01 snirt-eieevea supporters, tod
beaten back, retreated to a tavern,tak&r up
their position at second-story windofii/jriatn
this position they fired a volley, which fMa
returned with spirit, and for ten minntef'tea
neighborhood reverberated with the iaptete ti
firea-rms, while missiles, paving stonpfc and
bricks whistled through the air. v
Chief of Police Mulholland did IlV 'bttst fl
with his small force to quell the disturbance. B
He did not succeed, however, until over a fl
score of persons had been wounded, and, as fl
reported, four killed. Half a dozen men were fl
shot in Lombard street, and carried off by fl
their friends. Chief Mulholland restored or* fl
der after taking the ringleaders of both parties H
into custody. The riot is attributable to the IB
ill-treatment of the colored voters at Eighth B
and Tidewater streets and more or less at all fl
the polls in the Fourth and Fifth Wards. B
Ana it is also alleged that the riot was caused B
by drunken negro boys insulting ladies and B
killing a negro who voted the Democratic B
ticket P
In one of the wards a lady attempted tote*
sert her rights, by offering her vote, tea. hay*
ing previously registered. She was tedaajtenied
by her counsel, Mr. Kilgore.
spectorof the election informed her (teal: Jm
was instructed not to receive her vote^ After
a long argument, the lady proceededj^ijte
court of common pleas and made appHoa&m
to the bench for a mandamus. The Judge refused
to hear the argument, saying that he
had no power to issue the writ J
GREAT FIRES OFIkODERN TIKES.
The recent devastation by fire of Chicago
recalls the conflagrations now passed intjU Mi*
tory, and suggests many comparison* Ism*
don has several times been devastaied by tea
flames. This was the case in 893, 1077* and
1089, but the most memorable conflastelte
commenced on September 2,1666, qna after
tinued four days and nights. Beginnntef.lb
Pudding lane, Monument yard, ana eudfate te,
Pie corner. Ailtapiir street, it reduced to steel
fully fivo-sizths of the houses within the itettk'
The ruins covered 336 acres, and inflhteed
13,200 dwelling-houses, ninety churches, and
nany public buildings. But the city was remilt
in four years.
Norfolk, Virginia, was destroyed by fire
ind cannon January 1,1776. Property to the
.mount of $1,500,000 was destroyed.
Soon after New York passed into the hands
f the British, September 20,1776, 500 buildags
were consumed by fire.
In 1811, December 26, the theatre at Rich
iond was burned, in which the Governor and
lany leading citizens perished.
Six hundred warehouses, and property to
le amount of $20,000,000, were destroyed by
re in New York, December 16,1835.
April 27,1838, in Charleston, S. C., 1,158
wildings were consumed, covering 145 acres
'ground. V"T:,
April 10,1845, in Pittsburg, 1,000.build-'1
gswere destroyed by fire. Loss, $6,000,000;1
Fifteen hundred buildings were bufa$d in
uebec May 28,1845, and in less tbaa
onthafterward 1,300 more; in all twcKbWs
the city. t
July 1?, 1845, in New York city, 802 aim
d dwellings and $6,000,000 worth
ty were consumed.
June 12, 1846, the whole town of New-'
indland was destroyed by fire, and 6,000
reons rendered homeless.
September 9,1848, in Albany, 600 buildjs,
besides steamboats, piers, Ac., 24 acres
rned over; loss, 83,000,000.
3t. Louis lost 15 blocks and 23 steamboats
fire, May 17,1849.
July 9, 1850, in Philadelphia, 350 buildis
were lost by fire, 25 persons burned, 9
>wned, 120 wounded. Loss, $1,500,000.
[n San Francisco, May 3d to 5th, 1851,
00 buildings were burned. Many lives
;,and $3,500,000 worth of property dejyed.