v*<-'
V«L
Wf k
v
it
I K
1
S
the oskaloosa herald.
Thursday, October 19. 1871.
Mookkhead wants money. Read no-
Chas. G. Bennett was in town the first
of the week.
Perdue Sterling want their mon
ey. Read their notice.
EpUcopal Soeiahle meets at Abner Al-
Jen’s nn Tuesday evening next
Seat rnl rattle in Marion county have
been po.goned by eatine Buckeves.
Mks. F. M Cali, has gone on a visit to
relatives in Plattsmou’h, Nebraska.
Os. R “P o* Denver, is visiting old
friends uni acquaintances hereabouts
Thirty th msand ties have been landed
in Clinton for the lowa Southwestern rail
road.
Mattisox »fc Bro have numerous locals
Read them all. They have bargains of
fered.
Porte r Moir’s n*w block in Eldora has
“petition” walls in it. and they are made
of brick.
The Clinton Bee is a new publication,
\o l of which found its way to our office.
It is edited by L. P. Allen.
T. Lfigiiton sold one of his lots in east
part of town to PIITLANOKR McMI'LLIN,
who will build thereon at an early day.
Xef.oii.xw *fc W oi,T7. have been re
modeling, re-paintinc, and generally fixing
no ♦heir restaurant. Read their local.
We see it reported in the papers, that
0* n. E W. Rice of this city, had his
Washington, D C.. office burned down.
Rev. T. B. Kemp sends us files of Balti
more papers containing accounts of the
Kpiscopal Convention, whieh lie is attend
ing.
The Universalist Sociable will meet this
(Thursday) evening at John Craig’s resi
dence. All are invited and a social time*
expected.
Settlement —We have commenced
our annual settlement with the business
men, and hope all will be ready for ns
when we call.
Insurance. —Conk «fc Hunt liax’e some
locals, with good news from their various
companies. Read them carefully before
you take out policies.
Beacon sent ten car loads of coal, fur
nished by ihe companies, and dug free by
the miners, to the Cliiceeo sufferers. Also
one car load of provisions.
Jrssk Thom as is making an extensive
addition to the St. James Hotel, on the
south-west corner, which will add greatly
to the convenience thereof.
The “William Phillips” spoken of in
“Nettie Sanftrd’s History” was. we think,
intended for Squire P. W. Phillips of
Prairie Tp., though written “William” by
Mrs S.
John H. Green «fc Co., sold a Jot of Al
sike clover seed to a person in Oregon,
who saw the advertisement in the Herald.
and tent nwav out h re for it. Say adver
tising don't pay.
Harrington's new foundry, and Seeyers’
new machine shop add much to the appear
ance of west Main street. They are good
substantial structures, and just the thing
for the business
The Davenport <.lazette arrives here on
the 3 o'clock train on Central, and is one
of our most reliable organs for news. Per
sons desiring a good reliable paper should
add the Gazette to their list.
Cook, Thomas Co., have dissolved,
and by an adv in another column it will
be seen that Lkvi Cook is “going it alone.”
Read his adv., and retnemlier what it says
when von want work done.
Sam Baldack Co., desire to close
out the Boot and Shf*e branch of their
business and quit it. and to that end are of
fering creat bargain*. Head their adv.
w iii. rie, s in another column.
Are Dillon has moved back to town,
and with G. B. Miller, opened a black
smith shop at Tolbert’s old stand, where
they are prepared to do ail kinds of work
in their line. Read adv in this issue.
Jaw —Read Dr. Ellsworth’s Dental ad.,
and if your jaw is troubling you, go to him
for consolation. He has hud much prac
tice hereabouts iu days gone by, and hopes
again to receive your patronage
We see s. me pHpers filling column alter
column with returns from their counties,
that could be all told in a neat little table
like we present this week, if they only
had a good hand lik<* our George to set it
up
Beaten. —Frank Hatton, editor Mt.
Pleasant Journal, is beaten fortbe Legisla
ture t>y an independent Republican nailed
Hanson, which in our opinion is the most
■shabby thing “High Henry” has ever
done.
Tomlinson Co ,certainly have a splei
di'l stock of Millinery and Fancy goods on
exhibition, at their store on north side, s
1 k hi which is worth all the trouble it
will Cii use you. The selections show good
taste.
Festival The ladies of the Presby
terian church will give a festival at City
Hall, Friday eve. Oct. 20. The usual re
freshments will be served. All are re
Sped fully invited to attend. Admittance
15 cents.
Pink F. Ua ijit was in town h few days
Hjfo, and informs us that on the 25ih inst.,
at Crete. Nebraska, will tie held the largest
sale of lots that Btate ever saw, and in
vites everybody to be on hand. Crete is
s>n the B. M.
Fakmeksville. —As no mail is carried
to the above P. O. now, our subscribers
thereabouts should tnake other arrange
ments to get their papers The package
for that point was not taken out last week,
and mostly lies here yet.
At. Swaf.m says you might as well set a
hen W(*>d pecker on a nest of billiard balls
and ex (ted her to hat«h birds of Paradise,
as not to pay for your paper, and expect it
to be one ol the beat all the time, without
the ducats to make It so. I»ay up
Look out for TiiK*._i nceodlary flreg
are being kindled on every side of us, and
we may be the next city victimized The
wretches when caught should Buffer death
on the spot. Another Dight policeman
has been added to the force by ourcitizens
There is a man in DeSoto whose fe*i
are 19*£ inches loDg. That beat* the big
man in Co. “G,” and certainly must get
his boots as lien Crispin said Bill Tullia
by slipping up behind a steer, kicking
it out of its skin, and wearing the hldfcoff
on his feet.
CoacEHT.—There will le a concert in
Fairview Harrison Tp., on Satur
day night, Oct. 88, the proceeds to go to
the church. The affidr will be conducted
y J- M. Phillip* ol this city, whose well
known abil.ty should gire him a well filled
liouae. All who desire a treat should be
present.
Insurance.—Dumont Bros represent
the staunch old Franklin of Philadelphia,
and our business notices xvill show you
the condition of it since the Chicago fire.
It is safe.
Ed. Rtan, who first became known
hereabouts by hailing Bliss the bigamist,
and secondly through his attempt to burn
his store and a large portion of Ottumwa
by a coal oil plot, is roported by the Ot
tumwa Democrat to have laen killed in
Chicago during the recent fire while try
ing to burn a building. It tiue it is not to
be regretted
Quite a number of our citizens went to
Chicago after the fire, some to view the
ruins and others to hunt for relatives who
had been burned out. Among those who
went we now recollect Cary Cooper, M. L.
Levi, W. H. Whetstone, John Kalbach, E.
W. Strong, E. Bach and M. Wilson. They
report the scene indescribable, and equal
to anything that has been written about it.
Largest Apple in lowa.— Weeks ago
we challenged any person in lowa to beat
our 26.-3 07. apples, and not liav u notice
of any one approaching that figure, we
again draw on J. F. Norris’ orchard, in
White Oak Tp., and get some mammoths,
one of which weighs twenty-eight minces,
and measures 16 inches in diameter or cir
cumference, we forget which, but no mat
ter, it is the largest apple in lowa.
Corn Doctor Dead. —The Davenport
Gazette coutains an account of the death of
a “corn-doctor” in that county, and from
the description, we concluded it must be
the old genius whose filthy appearance on
our streets about six weeks or two months
ago created disgust in everybody’s mind
who saw him. He lay In a fence corner
when found, doubled up as il suffering
from cramp, and had been drinking hard.
The Ottumwa Courier says “Hon. E. II
Stiles, reporter of the Supreme Court, had
ox er two thousand dollars worth of his re
ports in the hands of Callahan Cockroft,
and as they were in the burnt district, it
is probable that Mr. Stiles has suffered a
severe loss. We extend him the sympa
thies of our people.” As he lost largely in
the same direction by the Albany fire less
than a year ago, we may set him down as
unluckv.
“Work done at the Herald Office.”
—We understand our patrons gave orders
recently to a bummer who represented that
he was going “to liave the work done at
the Herald office.” We never authorized
any one to make such an assertion, nor
did the person in question make any con
tract with us to have it done here. When
we send out a solicitor it will be with full
authority and in the meantime we are do
ing work better and cheaper than any
bummer will do it for you.
Inconsistency —During all the canvass
of the county by the Reformers, their cry
of corruption and extravagance was all
against the State and National Govern
ments, and not against the county, yet
with the inconsistency common to such
movements, all Republican Reformers
voted the Republican State Ticket, and the
Reform County Ticket, thus voting the
very ticktt l heir leaders had b>*en claiming
was so corrupt atul extravagant. “Con
sistency thou art a jewel”—paste diamond
for instance.
A Let.—Election day one of the most
prominent Reformers, whom for short we
shall cal! “Squire,” made a bet with Doc.
would not get an average majority of 350.
Wednesday he was offered one-half the bet
for his chance and refused. That was
when Monroe, Scott and Jefterson were
coming in. lie left before Harrison, Union
and Prairie were heard from, and was of
course jubilant over his $lO It would
have been worth 20 cts to shave his long
lace next morning when he heard the news.
Improvements next Year. —We hear
many substantial impiovements talked of
for next year, which we hope w’ll go on.
Among others we hear that Judge Crook
ham and M. L. fcjhoemake propose to erect
a brick on their lots ou south side that
I)r Rhinehart will probably build on S. W.
corner that parties are trying to buy the
lot on the alley west of Snyder’s building,
south side, to build ou that Ninde, Lord
Carpenter will probably build on their
lots on High street and that a party from
Eddyville is trying to buy the McKinley
lot on Main street for the purpose of build
ing thereon. We hope these may all go
on and many more besides.
I)Kg Moines Valley Road. —The Gate
City is credibly informed, “that at a recent
meeting of the Directors of the D. V. R
R Co, in New York, Hon. D \V. Kil
bourne tendered his resignation as Presi
dent of the Company, and C. H. Perry his
as Vice President, and in their stead N. A.
Coudrey, Esq., of New York, who is a
prominent Railroad man, and largely in
terested in westers Railroads, was elected
President of the Company, and George B.
Smyth, of this city. Vice President. The
impression, which exists to a considerable
extent, that the road has been sold, is er
roneous.” They may change about to suit
themselves, buy, sell, lease or rent, if they
will only bring the road to town.
Marion Ointy —The Miner says a boy
about ten yearsold, by the name of Brown,
was run over by a horse on last Saturday
at Jolliffer’s residence in this township,
aud supposed to be fatally injured by the
horse tramping on bis head and fracturing
liis skull .J. J. Hannah, while binning
rubbish set fire to his fence, and burned
considerable of it, and some corn, etc., be
fore it was stopped.... While one of Mr.
Carruthers’sons was filling a lump at his
residence on Monday evening, with a
lighted lamp on the table near him, the
bo} s sister happened to push the lighted
lamp too near him, and flame was com
municated to the cun containing the oil,
which instantly broke out iu ablaze. Mrs.
Carruthers was in the room, and immedi
ately kicked the blazing can out ol doers.
The Eddy ville Adrerti*er nays Mr. Henry
Williamson, a gentleman aged 74, of large
family and in poor circumstances, who had
been residing in for several years
started to move to Kansas, and had arrived
at what is known as Cedar Creek hill,
about four miles north-east of Albia, when,
in going down the hill, his chain lock be
came disengaged, allowing the wagon to
push upon the horses. Mr. W. was sitting
In the front ofthe wagon, with his legs
hangingover the front board. Arriving at
the bottom ofthe bill, one wheel ran into a
I chuck hole, throwing him and a young son
out. The front wheel passed over Mr.
W.’s face, mashing it fearfully, and the
hind wheel passed over his arms, breaking
them. He lived about an hour and a half,
and was conscious part of the time. His
remains were brought to this city and in
terred Friday. j
The Pella Mad* says u man named Liv
ingston, from the east, visiting near Mon
roe, came to that town with his friends,
who had brought a load of coal to town.
On the load of coal was a loaded shot-gun,
wrapped up in s buffalo robe. After Mr.
L. had got dpwn oft the wagon be took
hold of the muzzle of the gun, and in puH
ing it towards him the hammer struck
some object, discharging the contents of
both barrels into the lower part of his ab
domen. Ilia wife, who was in the country
about three miles, was sent for immediate
ly, but be died before she reached him....
Also that a Holland boy whose name we
did not learn, living near Warren’s Mill
got bis arm caught in the gearing of a cane
mill, while engaged in oiling it, and had
nearly all the flesh torn from it. Dr. Guth
rie was called and rendered the necessary
surgical aid. He says the boy’s arm was
torn in a shocking manner.
“Herald Block.” —ln speaking of the
honor conferred on us, our brethren of the
press say:
“A new block tn Okaloosa has been named
the Herald Block, in honor of that paper, itaol
flee being in the hnilding. Thie is a fine name tor
a tine block. From tne good pari the Herald has
performed in helping build up Oskaloosa, we
judge that there might very appropriately be sev
eral blocks called Herald block*.”— Hegieter.
A new block in Oskaloosa has been named the
Herald block, in well-deserv.-d compliment to
our worthy and enterprising friends Leigh*on
Needham, proprietors of the Herald, whose of
fice was the first building erected in the block.”
Knoxville Voter.
To St. Louis Business Men —Chicago
is in ashes, and though with her usual eu
ergy she proposes to at once remedy the
evil so far as possible, months and possi
bly years will elapse ere she again com
mands the place she once held. The bus
iness of lowa heretofore done there, must
look elsewhere. Shall it be farther east,
or to St. Louis or Cincinnati. Some point
get ß the trade and as the “early bird,” etc.,
xve are willing to insert a few ad vs for St.
Louis merchants. Our circulation i 52,000,
und reaches scores and hundreds of bus
iness men. Will you invite them to deal
with you.
Chicago Relief. —Last week our peo
ple sent off one car-load of provisions to
the Chicago sufferers, consisting of HO
barrels of flour, 13 bundles of clothing,
and one barrel of peaches. The following
despatch was received in response to the
donation:
Chicago, Oct* 16, IS7J
To Isaiah Frankkl:
Chairman Belief Com.. Oskaloosa:
God bless your generous people. We shall need
it all. Send the money to the Chicago Relief
and Aid Society, as with that they can purchase
stoves, fuel and lumber which are now most need
ed. Ship goods to the same direction. Send in
voice by mail. R. B. Mason, Mayor.
Our folks have nearly another car load
ready, with over S6OO in money, which
they wish to ship soon. There are many
whose subscriptions have not yet been
handed in, and they are requested to at
tend to tile matter at once, that the goods
may go off.
lowa Southwestern. —The Lawrence
Tribune of the 29th ult., says of our road
“Recently, when in Chicago, we met Mr.
Hinckley, who is the head of what is
known as the lowa Southwestern road,
and he gave us some particulars about his
line. It starts from Clinton, on the Mis
sissippi, where it connects with a new line
into Chicago, and strikes out in a south
westerly direction, passing through a belt
of country farther west than that traversed
by the Chicago Southwestern road now
opei ed to Leavenworth, and entering Mis
souri probably in the second tier ofcoun
ties east from the river, and then making
for St. Joseph, from which point Mr.
Hinckley said he intended to come into
Kansas at the most desirable place for bus
iness cor nections. Some seventy miles of
this line are being built th.s season. A
new, and it seems in many respects, a bet
ter way for aiding this road than by bonds,
has been adopted by the counties through
xvhich it passes. The people along the
line vote a 5 per cent, tax for one year up
on their taxable property. This system
has worked well, and has netted Mr.
Hinckley from $3,000 to $3,000 per mile
in cash thus tar. Another year or eighteen
montlis will w itness its completion to St.
Joseph, or near thereby. It is being push
ed right along. Aside from the aid thus
given by the counties in the form of a lax,
il lias received from certain localities bonds
some of which are indorsed by Mr. Joy
for certain lines he represents, so we judge
he has a Kindly feeling for the project.”
Railroad. —The Clinton Herald says
‘‘The fact that men are at work almost in
the city limits grading the I. S. W., must
be looked upon with the highest degree of
satisfaction by all of Clinton. Work has
actually commenced near the stock
yards of the Northwestern. The sawmill
proprietors commenced yesterday to move
their immense stocks of lumber which hap
pen to be directly in the pathway of the
new road. Acti\e, energetic work, is now
the order along the entire line. It is the
intention to complete the grading to lowa
City within the next sixty days. The iron
is ready when the track is. The ties have
been purchased and many of them will be
delivered at this point before another week
is ended. Thus nobly pushes ahead this
important enterprise.”
The Clinton Age says. “It is going right
along. Work is now being prosecuted
along the entire line from Clinton to lowa
City. This week ground was broken in
Scott county, and the order is to crowd
things as fast as horses and men can do it.
Between this city and the Wapsy new gangs
of men have been set to work. The ties
are now being delivered at this point. The
iron is on way by rail. Iu fact everything
looks lively. Mr. F. E. Hinckley, the un
tiring and indefatigable President of the
construction company, is devoting day and
night to the grand enterprise. Before win
ter sets in he will astonish everybody with
the amount of work he will have done.
Mr. llinekley is greatly aided in his work
by chief engineer John E. Blunt, Esq., who
is one of the most industrious, pushing,
crowding engineers in the country. Rail
roading seems to come t him by intuition.
He appears to comprehend the situation at
a glance, which enables him to do a sur
prising amount of work in a very short
space of time.
The Election. —Tuesday of last week
the election passed oft quietly, though
much hard electioneering was done by the
Reformers, while a perfect apathy pervad
ed the Republican ranks in this respect.
The votes were hastily glanced over fiere in
the evening, and announcement made
that the Republican ticket wou'd hare
about 200 majority. Wednesday morning
at an early hour the Reformers had word
from Monroe Tp which instead of giving
25 Republican majority gave the Reform
ticket about 50 majority. Soon after this
“Uncle Charlie” came iu with Scott, 50 to
75 against us. The next Tp. was Black
Oak, 5 to 15 against us, and Jefferson 50 to
00 for Reform, ami then we are free to
confess we began to feel blue. Next came
glorious old Cedar, (which the Reformers
claimed by 20) with a Republican majority
of 00—/rain of 40 over last year; then Mad
ison with 80 to 50 for us, and Adams with
a gain ot 20 for the Republican ticket;
then came Harrison, reliable as ever, with
the usual 00 for the Republican ticket
throughout, Edna excepted Union gave
the lie to the Reformers by giving several
of our candidates handsome majorities, but
old reliable Prairie, loyal Prairie, not
withstanding some local dissensions came
down nobly with its usual 150 majority.
Then the blues were assumed by the other
side, and the men, who in the morning
i wished to “bet even” could not be found,
in fact denied that they ever offered it.
The official vote will be found elsewhere,
and shows that the boasted 385 Republi
cans who had Reformed has dwindled
down to a paltry 160, only 10 more than
we gave them all the time. True the Re
formers have gained a victory, they have
Reeled “Col.” Baker, late of the K. G. C’s,
'for Co. Superintendent of Public Schools,
over one of the best qualified ladies in the
county, all through the prejudice of Re
publicans against “Woman’s Rights.” In
her defeat Miss Snell has the consolation
of knowing that it is not her personal un
popularity, but the unpopularity of her
cause, (Woman Suffrage) that defeated her,
jjearly all who voted against her doing so
because they were opposed to the “Woman
Movement,” and regarded the nomination
as decidedly premature.
Republicans have learned a lesson from
the dissensions and quibbles that Lave cut
down their majorities, and if they only
profit by them in the future, and use more
care and foresight, the lesson will be cheap
ly earned but if they pass it idly by, pay
no attention to the lessons of the past, we
may look for something more disastrous at
some time in the future. Let us personally,
each t*ke this matter to heart, and seek a
remedy.
Rebecca Lodge will meet Tuesday even
ing, October 24th, and all members of that
degree are herewith respectfully invited to
be present, and bring their baskets well
filled with the good things nfthe season.
Mas. M. Harbacii, Sec’y.
The Litti.k Boy on the street with a
dray and large chestnut sorrel horse, is the
son of a deserted wile, who is nobly strug
gling to maintain her little family. Gen
tlemen, you can aid her by employing the
boy to do your draying, and by encourag
ing him with kind words and good coun
sel. Citizen.
Flint, lowa, Oct. 14, ’7l.
Eds. Herald :—Friday, the 13th iust.,
we witnessed one of those scenes that
awakens memories of years gone by’. Mem
ories, though not divorced from sorrow,
on which we love to dwell. Yesterday
M iss J. Hull, of your city, closed up the
last term of a 14 month’s school, with hon
or to herself and satisfaction to her patrons.
The morning exercises were class recita
tions and singing, after which both pupils
and visitors shared a dinner that did credit
to the ladies present. After dinner half
an hour was spent conversing on different
topics, when the bell rang and the after
noon exercises began. They consisted of
declamations, select reading and singing
all of which were very interesting, The
literary perfoimances having ended, some
of the citizens joined in remarks that dated
back to their school boy days, which were
listened to with pleasure. The citizens all
expressed their congratulations in more
ways than one. We think all will join
wi»h us in wishing that success may ever
crown the efforts of such teachers and that
their number may increase until every
school in the whole country may receive
the benefit of a first-class teacher.
Yours,
W. J, Sexton.
OVER THE RIVER.
Eds. Herald :—As xve have rain to day
I will give you some items from “Bluff
Creek.” I regret to say that Mrs. Weekly
died last Sunday, which with Mrs. A.
Trotter and W. Payne makes three adult
deaths in West Des Moines and Jefferson
Tps in 6 months. Drs. Hoffman and Cham
berlain treat our few maladies very suc
cessfully, when called in time Geo. W.
Barker’s boy got crippled in arm, wagon
running over it. Billy McElroy broke the
ulna of bis arm, by falling from Cone’s
barn—both are convalescent N. Cone’s
big matched team ran off with his buggy,
near Oskaloosa, hut was stopped by gome
road hands, with only slight damage.—
Now for improvements Squire A. Trot
ter has just completed a grand dwelling
house, which with his splendid barn, also
with green shutters, makes a splendid show
for any locality, especially when owned by
as fine a Christian gentleman as Esq. Trot
ter. .Jasper Cone’s fancy barn is a model
of taste and elegance... .Nelson Cone has
rebuilt his barn,enlarging and beautifying
it, and said Nelson Cone has a car load of
splendid apples picked off and put care
fully away in his spacious cellar, and a
patent cider mill right, by The Squire
and his big son, Jasper, alluded to above,
have near 400 acres of powerful corn in
the same field. The Squire has lots of fine
stock including a fine young wife and a
bouncing boy baby, and is withal a very
genial gentleman ca.l and see if you
don’t believe me. ...Andrew' Lawrence,
the “honesteot’ man or Bluff Creek, is
completing a fine new’ dwelling... .Abel
Thomas a new frame barn various minor
improvements meat houses, &e., recently
built hog cholera has been quite severe,
now it has about stopped. Corn, old and
new crops abundant. Hogs and shoals yet
by thousands. Some fine lots of fat cattle,
getting fatter still. General peace and
prosperity pervade this highly favored re
gion, comparing favorably with any other
portion of this mundane sphere
Yours,
Eds. Herald: —Please give this brief
account of aS. 8. picnic, a place in the
columns of your valuable paper. The
White Oak and Buckeye Sabbath Schools
met in Morgan’s grove upon the fifth
morning in this month, and enjoyed the
day together. Other schools were invited,
hut from some cause did not find it con
venient to be present. Members of Con
cert, Fremont, Cedar Chapel, Rose Hill
and another S. 3., (the name of which I do
not now remember,) were present, though
not as schools. The day was fair, and the
grove is a moat beautiful place for such a
gat liering. The accommodations were all
that could be desired. The Buckeye
school was the first on the grounds. It
made a grand aud imposing appearance
It carried a beautiful banner, inscribed
with an appropriate motto. Its procession
was headed by the Stars and Stripes, indi
eating its loyalty to the government of the
United States of America, which protects
it in its devotion to God and labors for the
good of humanity. I must be allowed to
claim as much for White Oak school. 1
never saw a better behaved, more atten
tive, intelligent aud good-looking company
of young people and children than made
that grove vocal with tln-ir merriment on
that day. Everybody appeared to be brim
full of the spirit of the occasion. Rev. Mc-
Ayeal, McCune, Childs and Snowden were
invited, and so me of them promised to he
present and favor us with addresses but
from some cause (justifiable, no doubt) they
all failed to be present.
Mr. James Lough ridge gave us a good
little talk, in which all felt an interest. It
is evident from his speech, as well as from
the good order of his school, that he is a
live Sabbath School man.
Rev. T. K. Lester addressed the children
in the A. M and the adulis in the P. M.
His style was altogether new, amusing and
instructive. His illustrations will not be
forgotten soon they were appropriate,
vivid and pleasing. The White Oak choir
interspersed some excellent Sabbath School
music with the other exercises. Now
Messrs. Editors, we wish vou to consider
yourselves invited to attend our picnic
next summer, of which you shall have
timely notice. Please do not consider us
in the “light” of the old gentleman, who,
after he had drank all the cider, asked his
neighbor to smell the jug.
J. N. Kinsman.
White Oak, lowa, Oct. 7, 1871.
PROCEEDINGS OF SCHOOL BOARD.
Regi-lar Meeting.
Oct. 2, 1871.
Presens Hunt, Wells. Smith and Slehel.
Pre6. Hunt in the chair. Sitibel made the fol
lowing which prevailed, viz;
All the pupils belonging to the 1 riinary De
partment living in the Ist Ward shall attend
school at the Normal School Building. All those
living in the 2nd ward and that part of the 8d
ward west of Lafayette street shall attend school
at the New School Building; those living in the
remainder of 3d Ward and in the 4th ward shall
attend at Gospel Ridge school building, aud those
living outside of the city corporation and within
the school district shall be governed hy the same
lines extended.
The bids for furnishing coal for the enduing
year wan read and on motion of Smith. Sietel
was authorized to contract for coal for the present
school year,
On motion of Slebcl, Wells was instructed to
build a new plain picket fence in front of Uospel
Ridge School House.
On motion the followlhg bills were allowed and
the 8« cretary authorized to issue orders on the
Contingent Fund i or the several amounts.
Jesse Hinkle, whitewashing and plaster’g *27 00
Hariy Gilchrist, cleaning Normal S. B 300
Henry Taylor, blacking stoves 2 00
Geo. A. Well Co., roofing materials and
labor 296 00
F, M Tracy, labor and lumber 23 40
Robert McCord, cleaning wells 6 00
The following bills were referred to the finance
committee:
Cary Cooper, hardware. John 11. Dumont, tak
ing! numeration of District.
A communication from Fuller. Warren Co.,
ofChicago, with reference to furnaces, was read
and on motion of Smith, Siehel was appointed a
committee to settle the matter.
On motion of Smith, the Secretary was autbor
izefflo audit the claims of the teachers and »u
--perentendeut oftte city schools for their services
the present school year.
Minnies read and approved.
Ob Motion adjourned.
W, Buaxsioi, Sec y.
Keokuk County.— The Newt says a
j scalawag named Runion badly beat a man
named Fleming, for resenting an insult of
fered his daughter. Runion is in jail
Some weeks since an old man and woman
named Schaunhurst, brother and sinter,
were married and left Keokuk county, but
were arrested, brought back, and held for
trial.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Twenty cents a line for each insertion
under this head.
Regular patrons with standing advertisements
i will be charged one-half these rates.
If the way they sell is any indication of
j their teas being superior to any in the
market, then Mattison A: Bro’s are ahead,
i Call and get a package. 0 w 2
REMEM BER
that you can buy Boots and shoes at actual
cost at S. Baldaut «fc Co’s., west sideofpub
j lie square.
MONEY.
We have done the w 7 ork and want our
pay* therefor. All those knowing them
selves indebted to us for work will please
call and settle their accounts soon, as we
wish to make ample arrangements for the
accommodation of all that may give us a
i call in the future
PERDUE STERLING.
NEEDHAM WOLTZ
are receiving
FRESH OYSTERS DAILY.
Finest Ladies’ Parlor in the city.
LADIES!
Have you seen those splendid bazique
cloakings at Trask Willards suitable for
dress tri mining or childrens’ cloaks.
J. M. Moorehead has sold out his busi
i ness to Hyde Braden, and would ear
nestly request all his oid customers to set
tie tbeir accounts immediately, as ho has
i deb’s to pay and cannot do it without your
help.
Oct, 14, 1871
It is ascertained that the cash assets, af- j
ter paying the Chicago losses, of the
Ins. Co., will not be less thaa $3,000,000
Home, of'N. Y 2,720.000 j
Ins. Co. of N. America 2,700,000 J
International of N. Y. 800.000
Hartford 1,200.000 j
Phoenix of N. Y. 1,765,000
We hive assurances that others are
equally as sound, but have not heard as to
the extent of their losses.
All losses will be promptly paid by the
above companies. Policies issued as usual
by the old and established agency ot COOK
HUNT, at the N. W. corner of Public
Square, Oskaloosa, lowa. 1 w
OFFICE OF THE FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE CO. OF PHIL ADELPHIA
Cash Assets, over $3,225,000.
Philadelphia, Oct. 11, 1871.
To the Stockholders and Agents of
the Company :—The great fire at Chicago
is a national calamity, and falls with crush
ing force on a large number of Insurance
Companies doing an Agency business. Our
losses will not exceed $500,000. Our gen
era! Agents for the Western States, Messrs.
Coffin A Kellogg, of Pittsburg, Pa with
a corps of competent adjusters, will pro
ceed at once to the field of disaster, ami all
losses will lie promptly adjusted and paid
in full, without disturbing any of the per-
manent investments of the Company. The
Franklin comes through this fiery ordeal
with capital unimpaired, and a larger sur
plus than that of any oilier General Agen
cy Company of the country. The sad les
son of this unexpected disaster should
teach every underwriter the necessity of
receiving adequate compensation for every
risk assumed. A” >u should have no diffi
culty in largely increasing the business at
your Agency at increased rates of premium
adequate to the hazard.
Yours, Respectfully,
Alfred G. B\ker, Pres.
Observer
J. W. McAllister, See’y.
Franklin policies may be procured at the
office of Dumont Bros., Agents, West
High street, Oskaloosa, lowa.
Now is the time to secure furs at a bar
gain. Look at Trask A Willard’s large
stock before you buy.
Persons having an eye to economy will
go to the cheap store of Mattison A Bro’s.,
to buy their Groceries, Glass and Queens
ware, \vhe r e they can find a large stock at
the lowest prices. 6-w2
at least one dollar on a pair of Bools, and
from 7o els to SI.OO on Shoes, by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cos;.
People wishing to purchase Groceries,
Glassware or Queenswaro, should not fail
to call at Mattison A Bro’s., as they have
a complete st.,ck and generally sell a little
cheaper than most other houses.
Bootß and Shoes at Wholesale prices at
Baldauf A Co’s. The} are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
We httve about one hundred pounds of
feathers new and fresh for sale at fair
prices. Those wishing to buy call at
Mattison A Bros.
that you can buy Roots and Shoes at nctual
cost at S. Raldauf &Co’s., west side of pub-
lic square.
Those Lace Collars and Handkerchiefs
at Trask Willard’s are beautiful. They
also have a splendid line of Embroideries
and Edges.
To Cook Hunt, Agents, Oskaloosa,
lowa :—Our board lias unanimously re
solved to fill up capital to three and a half
millions at earliest practicable moment,
which will restore Home Assets to nearly
four million dollars after paying Chicago.
Write prudently at advanced rates.
C. J. Morton, Gen ’1 Ag’t.
Home Ins. Co., N. Y.
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at S. Raldauf Co’s., west side of pub
lic square.
THE GREAT NEW YORK FIRE IN
1835.
We clip from the columns of the Phila
delphia Underwriter, an interesting incident
in the earlier experiences of the .Etna In
surance Company, of Hartford, Conn.,
showing the value, as well as the reward,
which attaches to a faithful fulfillment of
obligations, at a time when nerve was re
quisite, and individual sacrifice probable.
After the great fire of 1835, the ‘LEtua,”
of Hartford, now the largest, strongest, and
most successful Fire Insurance**Company
in America, received notice of their losses,
and the President called a meeting of the
Board of Directors, and in a few words told
them they had lost, probably, all their cap
ital. After a few moments’ silence, in
which the President brought from the fire
proof vaults all the stocks and bonds rep
resenting their capital, and placed them
before them, when one of the Board asked
him what he should do. “Do,” su'd the
President, “Go to New Y'orlc and pay the
losses, if it takes every dollar there,” point
ing to the package, “and my own fortune
besiues.”
The anxious looks gave way to those of
settled determination, and the Board unan
mously said “Good and we shall stand
by you with all our individual capital.”
Tne President went to New York, ad
justed the losses, and in a year’s time the
company, so bold to act and ready to fulfill
all its obligations, had iheir capital more
than returned by premiums, and a better
reputation than any Company in the Uni
ted States.
Cook Hunt, Agents.
lie square.
INSURANCE ITEMS
FURS! FURS!
YOU CAN SAVE
REMEMBER
SPLENDID.
St. Louis, Oct. 10. ’7l
YOU CAN SAVE
it least one dollar on a pair of Boots and I
from 75 cts to SI.OO on Shoes by buying of
Ualdanf Co. They sell at co9t.
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of boots, and
from 75cts to SI.OO on shoes, by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cost.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldtiuf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale pi ices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the hoot and shoe trade.
THE TEETH AN ADYER! USING* ME-
L>l I'M.
Every time a lady iio uses fragrant SO
ZODONT opens her mouth, the advertises
the article. The state of h«r teeth is a cer
tificate ofits exeeller.ee No spot, darkens
their surface, no impurity clings to them,
the cushions in which they air set ar
and the breath that swells iV -ugh them
is sweet as the breeze of dune
Spalding’s Liquid Glue always ready to
use.
HOUSE TO BENT,
Eleasant house and locution—two lots
convenient to the square—for rent at ten
dollars per month to small lamiiy. Enquire
ot GEO. W LAFFERTY.
Dumont Bros are assured by telegram
of the safety of the old Franklin of Phila
delphia. Its adjustors are at the scene of
the fire to adjust its losses which it is able
fully and promptly to pay'.
The grand old Phoenix of Hartford will
have a handsome surplus left after paying
its Chicago losses.
The Underwriters Agencies of N. Y.
will settle every dollar of loss without im
pairing the capital of either ot its compa
nies. Policies in these staunch old compa
nies will be issued by
DUMONT BROS., Agents.
NOTICE.
TO ALL WHO OWE US.
We need our money badly and must
have a settlement. We have notified you
by letter and through the papers. You
pay no attention to it, and now we notify
each and ever y one, that a settlement we
must have by the Ist of November, or all
accounts and notes will be left with the
proper officers for collection.
4 Moorman, Grern McQitiston.
SOMETHING NEW
The undersigned has been appointed
sole agent for the sale of the celebrated
Bell Metal Pens. These pens are now al
most exclusively in use in all the Govern
ment Departments, Banks, Commercial
Houses and public school.® throughout the
United States They are w-irranted strict
ly non-corrosive.* £2 per gross. Samples
gratis. W. M. WELLS.
Om* hundred thousand dozen egg® want
ed in the next thirty days, for which the
highest market price will be paid in cash.
3 4 Mattison Bun.
JUST ARRIVED.
Mr. Henry Lie!) one if the best Cutters
and Tailors’ engaged t y
STRANGERS
as well as old settleis will lind
the best assortment-I Groce'ies, Provis
ions, Queensware a: J Glassware (ami the
most gentlemanly clerks to deal them out)
Ar' S. J. Dutton Co’p,
49tf.
Mj superior workmen e.n please in
style and tit the mi -t plainly dressed
Frieud or tlie jnost la-t.-lu us City Gent.
Mounts L Levi.
Weliding suits a speciality.
Morris L. Levi.
AB persons having Grain 1 dispose of
will make money by taking it to
Mattisom Pro's.
Don’t buy any Clotiiing till you examine
the Mammoth stock now arriving at.
Mounts L. Levi’s.
Mourn- L. Levi is sending from New
York daily the latest and most fashionable
styles of Reavers, Rroad Cloths, Cassimeres,
Trims and Diagonals, to be made to order
and warranted to tit, in his merchant tail
oring establishment,
Oskaloosa Sept. 1871.
Don’t boy your Fruit Cans till you have
seen those Patent Labelled Cans at
Craig Alexander’s. Eacn cuh has a per
manent stamped label upon it, tor all kinds
of fruits.
Pure Whiskies and California Wink
I for medical purposes kept constantly on
I hand at. Brkoiiler Bros, east side of
j square. Also cigars and tobaccos. 50tf
All kind of Ready Made Clothing New
from the Eastern Manufactures daily ar
riving now at
Morris L. Levi.
FREE! FREE!! FREE!!!
Go and get one li> of Choice tea weighed
•>ut, (Nice can Free) prices from 1,00 1,75
pr. lb
j £3gT‘ We warrant our tea to be what we
say it is Ciiok e,
S. J. Dutton Co.,
ELEVATOR! ELEVATOR!
Having just completed the largest and
best Elevator on the line <>f the Central R.
R. at New Sharon, we are now prepared
to handle all kinds ot Graiu at that poii t,
for which we will pay the highest cash
price.
I 40 Faxon Tullis.
M W. WHITE,
Dealer in FRUITS of all kinds,
BREAD.
CAKES, PIES.
CRACKERS of all kinds.
Hot Meals and Lunches at a!! hours of the
day. Ice Cream. Lemonade, &c. The
best. Old Steam Bakery, Oskaloosa, lowa
48 m 3.
REMOVAL
Faxon Tullia have removed their
oftiec* to the building known as Wray’s El
evator, opposite St. James Hotel, near
Central R. R. track, where they are pre
pared to buy all kinds ofgrain at the high
est cash price. All persons knowing
themselves indebted to them either by note
or book account, will do well to call at
once and pay up, ns we mean to close up
all our old accounts immediately.
49 Faxon Tutus.
Mitcftell Purdy sell for cash, and will
guarantee both goods and prices, to be as
good as the best and as cheap as the cheap
est. 46
Prices reduced at S. J. Dutt >n Co’s.,
on Dried and Canned Fruits. Tea, Coffee,
Sugar, Queensware, Glassware, and in fact
on all goods kept in our line. 4<itf.
ALL THOSE KNOWING THEM
SELVES INDEBTED T«) FAXON
TULLIS, LOOK TO THEIR
INTERESTS.
Having sold out our business we expect
those that owe us to come forward and
settle their accounts and notes at once.—
If not settled or satisfactorily arranged in
the next thirty days, will be left for im
mediate collection. F. T.
Having sold out our grocery business,
now propose to pay strict attention to the
grain buying business We have an ele
vator here and also at Sharon, and we
think we handle grain at a great deal less
expense titan formerly and will always
give the highest market price. 46
Messrs. Mitchell Purdy having pnr
chased the interest of Faxon Tullis, on
north west corner of square, are desirous
of informing their friends and trie public
generally, that they will continue the Gro
cery and Produce business the old stand.
And by strict attention to business and
fair and liberal transactions they hope to
retain all old friends and make many new
ones. It is their intention to always be
ready to buy country produce of all kinds,
(grain excepted) and to pay the highest
market price for the same, either in cash
or goods Call one and all and see if what
they tell you is not true. 46
PATENT SELF LABELING FRUIT
CANS at Craig Alexander's.
LOCATED.
The South Western Grocery is now in
full blast, and R P. Bacon is‘‘Pyleing”out
to the dear people an entire new and
Fresh Stock of Staple and Fancy Grocer
ies. Call and see how it is done, at the
south-west corner of the Public Square.
N. B. Fresh Goods arriving daily. 86tf
OSKALOOSA PRODUCE MARKT.
Wednesday, 3 p. m. October 18.
Wheat, 85
Corn, 20
Potatoes, 40
Oats, 20
Hogs, 325 3,50
Butter 15
Eggs, 15
Flour, 3,20 350
Woo], fleece washed 40 50
Wool, tub washed 50 60
Wool, unwashed 28 35
FOR SALE, WANTED, LOST, &c.
Everybody come (don't all come tit once) mid
buy a bouse and lot of T. F. Worden, one block
south of the Fhitlipe Ilonse.
FOIi RENT. —The room now occupied by the
Herald office, will be for sent gome time next
month .Enquire on the j remittee or of Horace
Fisher.
BOARDING— Persons wanting good, cheap
boarding, can bo accommodated at Mrs Van
dyke’s in south part of town near Rose and Afar
tingtoin's Foundry. Enquire at house. 5w2
STRAYED —From the subscriber, living two
miles north-east of Oskaloosa, on Bth mo
1871. a black and white boar, no car marks,
weighing between 2.70 and .'WO pounds. Any per
scu knowing his whereabouts would do me a
kindness bv lotting me know. 10 moT 1871.
WILLIAM KSOPHER.
FARM FOR SALE,—I offer for sale verj low
my farm, consisting of 304)4 acres, lyiDg in the
north edge of Harrison Tp., three miles from Os
kaloosa, on the Eddvvillc road. Good story and
a half frame house, five rooms below, good cellar,
good frame barn, 30x48, well llnished. Good
orchard in bearing, good well, etc. For terms
appiv on the premises to
•i-ly JOSEPH CARPENTER.
ryssoLUTioN notice.
The partnership heretofore existing under the
name of Cook, Thomas Co is hereby dissolved
by mutual conseut. The business will be con
tinued by Levi Cook. nli-lw
LEVI COOK,
[Successor to W. S. Edgar, 1
will carry on the blacksmithing business in all
its various branches.
SHOEING-REPAIRING,
Special attention given to
Plow and Reaper Work!
All work warranted and as low as others. nO
Blacksmithing.
G. W. MILLER. A. B. DILLON.
Sill,III! DILLON
are now prepared to do all kinds of
PiiSFaralwlotiit
AND
Repairing all kinds of Farm
Implements.
ALSO
All kinds of Plow Work
MILLER DILLON.
The only reliable Gift Enterprise in the country.
$60,000.00
VALUABLE film,
to be distributed in
1. 1). suxr s
152nd regular monthly
(jIFT EHTEBPBIBE
to be drawn Monday, Isov. *2ith, 18*1.
Two grand capitals of
SSOOO IN GREENBACKS.
sr m GreeiMs.
Whole number of cash gifts #l,ot*o.
j 1 horse and Buggy, with silver mounted harness,
worth #<soo. One line-toned Rosewood Piano,
wi.rth SSOO. Ten Family Machines, worth #IOO
each. Five Heavy cased gold hunting watches
and heavy gold chains worth #3OO each. Five
gold American hunting watches, worth #125 each,
'fen Ladies' gold hunting watches, worth #loj
each. 600 gold and silver lever banting watches
(in all) worth from #2O to SBOO each. Ladies’
gold leontine chains, gents’ gold vest chains, sil
ver plated e.-'stors, solid silver and douoieplated
table,- and teas poons, ivory-handled dinner
knives, silver plated dinner lork3, silver vest
chain*, photograph aibums, ladies’ gold breast
pins and ear rings, gent’s gold brea-tpins, shirt
studs, and slbeve buttons, tiuger rings, gold pens
(silver extension) etc. Whole number gifts 0,000.
Tickets limited to CO.OoO. Agents wanted to sell
tickets to whom liberal premiums will be paid
1 Single tickets #I.OO, Six tickets #5: Tweivc tick
ets #10; Twenty five tickets #2O.
Circslars containing a full list of prizes, a dis
criptiou of the manner of drawing, and other in
i formation in reference to the distribution, will
be sent to any one ordering them. Ail letters
mHst be addressed to L. D. SINE,
Office 101 w sth st. Box 8(5, Cincinnati. O.
ntiyl
DENTISTRY.
Morris L. Levi
Who left Oskaloosa last November, wishes to
inloim the citizens of this city and vicinity that
he has returned to make this place his permanent
home, aixl he wishes lo say to his former patrons
and friends that if any work performed by him
previous to his going away has become imdaired.
or in any wav fails to give perfect
SATISFACTION,
hi; w ill at any time repair or make it good.
lie always holds iijmself responsible for ali hi*
work. He wishe* Kim, to say to the public that he
Guarantees all iis Work
to give satisfaction in every respect, and bemoans
by this guaraniy that his patients shall be satis
fied that the work they entrust to him shall be
performed ir. the best possible manner.
Dr. E. is well aware that there are numerous
person* in this community that are using arti
ficial teeth, (made by men who claim to be first
class dentists! that fail in a very great degree to
give satisfaction to their possessor.
Dr. Ellsworth will make over tusing the same
teeth) such setts at reasonable rates, and guaran
tee perfect satisfaction in every case or charge
nothing for his labor. Natural teeth operated on
inacaresul and skillful manner Remember that
a ping well executed in a tooth will remain there
twenty years as well as one year.
The Doctor can refer to numerous persons in
this place for whom he plugged teeth four years
ago when he first located iu this ci'y that are as
perfect to-day as wheu first done. Teeth extract
ed without pain by the use of gas and othor safe
aesthetic*.
Office at the north-east corner of the square,
(over tiarretson's jewelry store) Oskaloosa, l-»wa.
*-6-tf
Union Savings Bank,
OSKALOOSA. IOWA.
Money Loaned. Notes Discounted. Ooyernment
Bonds, Gold. Silver and Sight Drafts on the Prin
cipal Cities ol the
UNITED STATES EUROPE
Bought and sold. Also
To and from all the Principal Cities in Europe
Interest Allowed on Deposits
of One Dollar and Upwards.
REVENUE STAMPS FOR SALE.
Oflce hours 9 A. ill. to 4 P. IU.
E. H. GIBBS, Pres.
H. L. GIBBS. Vice Pres
ISRAEL M. GIBBS. Jr., Cash.
A T
Tolbert’s Old Stand.
DR. P. J. ELLSWORTH,
DENTiST!
Free of Charge!
SAVINGS BANK.
Passage Tickets
Mental anxiety or excessive thinking tend to
deaden the vitality of the scalp its effects are to
produce a febrile affection of tbo head, which
causes gray hair and baldness; and although gray
hairs may be honorable in old age, yet a prema-
ture blanching, or loss of hair in the young or
middle aged is to be regretted, and as it is natur
al lor ns all to desire a youthful appearance, we
would recommend to those afflicted in the above
manner, the use pf Hall's Vegetable Sicillian Hair j
Renewer. This preparation will soon change j
gray and brashy hair to its origin al color, and
make It of silken texture and will create a new
growth when it has fallen off, as it furnishes the
nutritive; principle which nourishes the glands
of the hair, tilling them with new life and color
ing matter, and giving a healthy condition to the
whole tlbrous mass.[—Dramatic Chronicle.
heap Parma Free Homos
ON THE LINE or THE
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND CHANT OT
13,000,000 ACHES
OP THE
Best Farming and Mineral Lancs in America.
3 000,000 Acres of Choice Farming and Graz- j
ing Lands on the line of the road, in the
STATS OF NEBRASKA, IN SHE ORKAT PLATTE VALLEY
now for sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mitd and healthy climate,
and for grain-growing and stock-raising, unsur
passed by any in the United States.
Prices range from *2 to foper Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
2,500,000 Acres of Government Land between
Omaha and Norsh Platte, open for entry as 1
Homesteads only
JO LI) IE US OF THE LATE WAR
are entitled to a
FREE HOMESTEAD OF ICO ACRES,
within Railroad limits, equal to a
Direct Bounty of 8400.
Send for the new edition of descriptive pam
phlet, with new maps, mailed free everywhere
Address O. F. DAVIS,
Land Commissioner U. P. R. R. Co.
2-m3 Omaha, Neb.
special Notices.
A CARO.
Since the publication of my advertisement last
week, unexpectedly to me. I have been invited to
take the Chair of Mathematics in Oskaloosa Col
lege, and have consented to accept. I hope any
who may have intended to be students in my
school, will be satisfied with the present arrange
ment. With the improved and increased facili
ties that the College will afford next year, 1 can
most heartily recommend all, ana especially my
former students, tocome. We shall be abfo to
furnish boarding to some 75students at club rates
about *I.!X) per week. The apparatus and other
facilities or the institution will be much enlarged
and improved. For particulars apply for Cata
logue. I shall aid Professors Carpenter and Gil
son in conducting the Normal Class now in ses
sion in the College. A. HL’LL.
n4t>tf
The Confessions of an Invalid.
Published as a warning, and lor the benefit ol
young men aud others, who suffer from Nervous
ness, General Debility, &c.. supplying the means
of self cure.
Written by one w ho cured himself, and sent free
on receiving a post paid directed envelope.
Address Nathaniel Maypaib,
b 36 6m Brooklyn, N/Y.
BOER IIAYE’S
HOLLAND BITTERS,
The celebi ated Holland Remedy for
FKVEK AN I> AGUE,
DiMense ot the Kidneys,
Dyspepsia,
Headache,
Debility,
Indigestion,
Cost! vc ness.
Lot** of Appetite,
Piles in both Forms.
And all diseases consequent upon a disordered
Stomach and liver.
LINDSAY'S IMPROVED RLOOS
SEARCHED.
Cures Erysipelas, Scrofula, Ulcers, Cutaneous
Diseases, Sore Eves, Pimples on the Face
Scald Heads, Mercurial Diseases, Debility
Salt Rheum, etc.
JOHNSON’S KHEUMATIC COM
POUND.
One house in Massachusetts sold fifty bottle.
Johnson's Rheumatic Compouud, with the
agreement, no cure money refunded, and
has only had three bottles refunded.
Why endure aching limbs and
sti.fi' joints when there is such
a certain remedy.
Sold bv
’R. E. SELLERS CO.,
Pittsburg, Pa.
Prepared only by
VAN SCIIAACK, STEVENSON REID,
n4O Chicago, ills
LINDNAVS
Public Sale!
will sell at public sale on my farm sear
Kellogg Station, Jasper county, lowa, on
Thursday, Oct. 2f», 1871, the following de
scribed property, viz: 35 head of pure
bred Short Horns, 10 head of high grades,
consisting of 8 Bulla, and 37 head of cows
and Heifers, a lot of pure bred Berkshire,
Poland and China Hogs, three span of
work Horses, one Marsh Harvester, one
Seeder, Plows, Harrows, and many other
farm tools. Catalogue of Short Horns fur
nished on application. Terms of sale
Six months credit, with approved security.
Ten per cent discount for cash.
MILTON BRIGGS.
Kellogg, lowa, Oct. sth, 1871.
LEGAL NOTICES.
pEOBATK NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that at the Sep*
tember term, 1871, of the Circuit Court of
Mahaska county, lowa, the last will and
testament of James O’Conner, dec’d, was
tiled in said Court, and the undersigned,
C. P. Searle, Clerk of said Court was ap
pointed a special commissioner to take the
testimony of the attesting' witness and
proof of the execution of said Will, at such
time as he might designate. Therefore, I
hereby notify all persons concerred in said
Will or the estate of the said James O'Con
ner, dec’d. that I will, on the 13th day oi
Octrber, 1871, at 10 o’clock a. m., of said
day, at my office, in Oskaloosa, proceed to
take said testimony, in pursuance to said
order. C. P. SEARLE,
Cl’k Circuit Court, r Special Comm’r.
4
SHERIFF’S SALE.
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of a Spe
cial Execution directed to me from the office
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Mahaska
County, lowa, and dated Sept. 5, A, D.
187 J, 1 have levied upon and will offer at Sheriff’s
Sale to the highest bidder for cash in hand, at the
door of the house in which the last District Court
was held, in said county, on Saturday the 11th
day of Nov..A. D. 1871, at the hour of half past 1
o'clock, P. M., the following desciibed real es
tate, situated in Mahaska County lowa to-wit
Lots Nos. 5 and (J (5 6) in Thissell
Gregory’s addition to the town of Belle
fontaine.
Taken as the property of George E,
Bec-be, to satisfy the above mentioned ex
ecution in favor of Mary L. Eastman and
against George E. Beebe.
J. W. HINEBLEY.
Sheriff of Mahaska county. lowa.
NURSERY.
A. S. NICHOLS. 11. SNOWDEN. W. 8. EDGAR
OSKALOOSA H.
Oskaloosa, lowa.
We would call the attention of those desiring
to purchase Apple Trees, to our list of leading
varieties, to-wit:
WINTER APPLES.
Jonathan.
Willow.
New York Pippin, or Ben Davis
Jennetin.
Westfield Seek*no*further.
Wine Sap.
Perry Ruseett
Crimes’ Golden-
Tolman Sweet.
W. W. Pearmain.
English Russett.
Yellow Bellflower.
Green Bellflower.
Roman Stem.
Bentley Sweet.
Warner’s Favorite-Local.
Sweet Romanite.
Limber Twig.
Rome Beauty.
Domine.
Huberthon-None such.
Winker.
Miller.
Milam. 1
Cart House—Local.
FALL APPLES.
Snow—or Famuse.
Baily Sweet-
Black Detroit.
Fall Swaar.
Lowell.
Hawley.
St. Lawrence.
Fall Wine S*»p.
Fall Wine-
Fall Strawberry.
Porter.
Rambo.
Fulton.
APPLES.
Red June.
Duchess of Oldenbur*.
Cole’s Quince.
Red Astracan.
Early Harvest.
Yellow June.
Early Pennock.
Red Streak.
Am. Sum. Pearmain.
Keswick Codlin.
Early Joe.
Benoni.
0 J CRAB APPLEB.
Red Siberian.
Yellow Siberian.
Cherry Siberian.
Transoendent.l
Hughes Virginia.
Hyslop.
CHERRY TREES.
Early Mav.
English Morrello.
SMALL FRUITS.
ftammotl? Cluster and other varieties.
Oar stock, throughout, is very large and healthy
Write to us and let ns know what you want.
Early orders are very desirable.
At the %*.me time would call your special atten
tion to purchasing in the fall, which we have no
hesitancy in recommending as the best time for
taking them up, heeling them in during winter,
and yon have them at home ready for transplant
ing at yourloleure.
A. NICHOLS CO,
NEW AJJVERTISEMEMTS.
CUNDURANGO
The Wonderful remedy for
CANCER,S Y I‘ll I LIS, St itnF('L.V. I I.«
CEKS. SALT It If 1C ("VI, Miid ALL OTlf
Elt CHRONIC BLOOD DI»EASE«.
Dr. P T. KEENE having just returned frcrtl
Ecuador and brought with him a quantity or the
genuine Cuntluruntgo Dark, secured thro*
the official recommendation and assistance of H a
Excellency the President oi that Republic, v.
are prepared to fill orders for it to a limited ex
tent, and at a price about one quarter of that
which the cost of the first very small supply com
pelled ns to charge.
A 3puri»ua article is now advertised and sol i
as Cnndurango. We have, at a corsiderable ex
pense, and with the co operation of the author:
ties of Loja. the province where the plant grows,
soj directed the channel of our supply as to en
sure that none but the genuine article shall
he sold by us. and we particularly call the at ten
tion of the public, for their projection, to this
fact. Its lss, KEENE «v
<4O Cedar St., New York.
I). W. B!i-s. M. D.. Washington. D. C.: E.
Bliss. M. D., New York: P. T Keene, M. D.rNew
York.
•'Mi|wumil ol Cocoa-nut OU,(fc. Acknowl
Hit bt-. t promoter or the ffrov'th <nul btntii't/
U lir. ;j3. BUBI4ETT 1 00.. Boston. Ma-.-
•i bv nil druggist. Bttcart of imit
1“ nr r or ono month to all who ask for
r* r\ r K it 75c to Jan 2. 82: $2.50 to July.
I I ILL **.oo to Jan 73. TIIEIUEJ II
OUIKT, very week a Lecture Room Talk by-
Beecher; Emon or article byTalmadge, (second
only -o Beecher in popularity), Mrs Willing's
great Serial Story exposing secret workings of
Romanism in America, and much other rood
reading. G Halstead, 114 Nassau st.. New York.
rnrr *>J r S *»»ples of our great 8 page
1“ I- p *I.OO illustrated weekly—3o years
I IL L, established. Fine steel engravings
free to subscribers. Agents make *5 a day. fiend
tor MnUirday Guzel to. Hallowed Me.
ST. LOUIS 111 SCHOOL
The regular annual term of this i,aw School
will open on Wednesday, October 11th, 1871
I Full course, two terms, six months each. Stud
ents admitted to the senior class on examination
by application ou or tjafore October 7th, 1871,
Tuition fee, *6O per anutun, including nse of li
brary. For particulars address
Ci. IVI. STEWART,
Acting Dean of Law Faculty,
303 Nortb Third Street, St. Lottiw, Ma,
ITHRIDGEFft
XX FLINT GLASS V
LAMP CHIMNEYS. Q
Mund Heat better Ilian any other mad®*
Ask for Dithridge’s ana take no other.
See iliat onr name in *>n every box.
DITHKIDUE SOX, Plttburgli, Pa.
Send Tor Price List.
Tl 1 fUPlTfnn Lohclted by JIENN Ar CO.,
rATUlTS^iSfsKi^'''^
Twenty-five years experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Laws with full di
rections how to obtain patents.
A hound volume of 118 pages, containing tho
New Census by counties and all large cities,
150 engravings of mechanical movements, patent
laws, and rules for obtaining patents, mailed on
receipt of 25 cents-
LADY AGENTS.
Wanted in every county in this State, to whom
steady, genteel and profitable employment can be
given. None but iadies that can give tho best of
references need address FRAGRANTBAPOIENK
Co.. Cleveland, Ohio.
SSO. WE WILL PAY 830.
Agents #3O per week to sell onr great and valua
ble discoveries. If you want permanent, honora
ble and pleasant work, apply for particulars.—
Address DYER «fc CO., Jackson, Michigan.
<hK7 profits per week. Will prove if.
q>U I. Ivor forfeit #SOO. New articles, patented
July ISth. Samples sent free to all. Address W
H. CIIIDESTER, 267 Broadway, New York.
OPIUIIf EATERS.
Opium habit thoroughly cured by our antidote,
Nearly five years of wonderful success. It is cheap
quick, and certain. Address with discrjptlon of
case. Dr S G ARMSTRONG CO., Infirmary.
Berrien Springs. MichU an.
AVOID QUACKS.—A victim ol early indis
cretion, causing nervous debility, prema
ture decay, etc., having tried in vain every ad
vertised remedy, has discavered a simple mean*
of self cure, which he will send to hisfellew suf
ferers. Address J II REEVES, 78 Nassau St., N V
THIRTY YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
in the treatment of
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A PHYSIOLOGICAL VIEW OF MARRIAGE.
The cheapest book ever published, containing
nearly 300 pages, and 130 fine plates and engrav
ing of the anatomy of the human organs in a state
of nealth and disease, with a treatise on early er
rors, its deplorable consequences upon the mind
and body, with the authi r’s plan of treatment—
the only rational and successful mode of cure, a*
shown by a report of cases treated. A truthful
adviser to the married and those cont mplatimr
marriage, who entertain doubts of their physical
condition. Sent free of postage to any ad
dress, on receipt of twenty-five ce ts in stamps or
postal currency, by addressing Dr. LA CROIX,
No. 31, Maiden Lane, Albany, N. Y. The author
may be consulted upon any of the diseases upon
which this book treats, either personally or bv
mail, and medicines sent to any part of tho world
IT’S NO SUCH THING!
Sherm Hunt
never got tired of waiting on customers),
but is still at the old stand in New Sharon,
ever ready and willing to help his friends
to or show them the best stock of
Agricfnl Imlnnts
in the market. Also keeps on hand
Plaster Paris,
White Lime Cement,
Corn Shellers,
Feed Cutters,
Plastering Hair,
Bricks Seeds and
Tie BlancM Giirn.
We also have a large quantity of
OSLALOOSA COAL
We are now taking orders for
Hedge Plants,
from the best Nursery in the State, and all
wishing No. 1 Plants will do well to leavo
their orders, as we are about to scud for
Foil and Spring supplies. With many
thanks for the liberal patronage of the past
we will try and merit the same in the future.
Yours Truly,
S. H. HI NT,
Nash’s Agricultural House, New Sharon,
lowa. n5-4t
SALE.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of a Special
execution directed to me from the office of
the clerk of the District Court of Mahaska county.
lowa, and dated Sept. 6, A. D 1871, I ha%3
levied upon and will offer at Sheriff** sale to th«
highest bidder for cash m hand, at the door oftfc i
house in which the last District Court was held >u
said dounty, on Saturday the 4th day of Nov.
D .i l 8 at he hour of two o'clock’
r. M. the following described real estate in Jin
haska county, lowa, to-wit
Lots Nos. one and two (1 2) block No.
ninety-two (92) in Scribner’s addition to
Eddy viile, lowa.
Taken as the property of A. J. Horton,
to satisfy the above mentioned execution
in favor of Isaac W Stanton, and against
A. J. Horton.
J. W. HINESLEY,
4 Sheriff of Mahaska Co., lowa,
QRIGINAL NOTICE.
State of lowa, i
Mahaska county.
IfTo N. W. LISK and PHILENA LISK
*\ou and each oi you are hereby notified that
there is now on file in the office of the Clerk nf
the Circnit Court in and for said county thei>Hti
tion of Priscilla Luton, claiming of N’ w
the turn of three hundred and flTty dollar* with
ten per cent interest from the *7th day of w*
V vSin^ a ad ofb th f y° u the fore?losire o/a
certain mortgage executed by yon to secure tho
payment of aalS notes, on the south east quarter
of the south east quarter of section No. fifteen
(15) in township No. seyenty-six (76) north of
range No. Fourteea (14) west, and that unless
you appear and answer or derend thereto on or
before noon of the second day of the January
term of said Circnit Court, to be begun and held
in said county on the first Monday of January a
D. 1873, year default will be taken and judgment
and decree rendered thereon as prayed for in *aid
petition. Davenpobt, Bolton A Fish*l
Bw4 Atty’e for Prtfl:
CHERIFF’S SALE.
fm°k first
ve Ji e v ed n P° n »nd will ofler at Sheriff a
Unn/nro? blgheet bidder tor cash In hand, at tha
JjMft *2s** lB hich ‘be last District Court
TL? Saturday the 11th day
V«Vi‘ l 8 1, the hour ol one
described realestato
in Mahaska county lowa, to-wit:
a w 1 •w J 4 sec 85Tp 76 arl6 w;
Innings chains and 60 links s of n e cor*
85 Tp 76 n r 16 w, and run.
Jswfisaeswiasbß:
fy the abora mentioned execution in favor of
John L. Ryan and against W. R. Stanton.
J. W. HINESLEY.
t SheriffsJlajikrtiKpujrty, low*, j
oing
links,
links