the new national era,
PCIUIRD
EVERY THURSDAY MORNING
At WMhlnftonrCltr, D. C.
jfiw NATIONAL F.RA BUILDING, 41S 11TB 8TRK1T.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
DOUGLASS BROTHERS, Publishers.
Pricks or PcBMSirnoirs: Single roplee, $2.60 per year;
fir* eoplea for 110. payable in idnnc*.
Aonim FRKDKRICK DOl'OLAM, Jr.,
Lock Bo* 31, Washington, D. C.
communica tions.
[The NlW Natiowai Era doe* not hold itself responsible
tor views expressed 1-y correspondent*. Well written and
tat. reeting communications will he gladly received.]
Republican Proupecf* In Mlaftlafllppl.
To the Editor of the New National Era
Oar former anticipations of carrying this
State by a substantial majority at the approaching
election are being strengthened every
day. We shall not be able to defeat the Democrats
by as large a majority as we did in 1869,
as the issues then (though the same now) were
fought under peculiar circumstances. Then,
as you will remember, Jndge Dent ran under
the banner of the "National Union Republican
Party," though such Democrats in the State
as could swallow him and the name of his
banner were all the support ho got, while Jas.
L. Alcorn was the standard-bearer of the true
Republican party.
A few Democrats nominated Dent in order to
gain negro votes; but the majority bolted, or
were neutral, as they could not support a carpet-bagger,
and a relative of Grant. Our party
brought out Alcorn, whose long residence,
wealth, position, and influence silenced a great
many, who might otherwise have voted against
us. But things are quite different now, and
the issues are being fought solely upon their
merits. The Democrats have brought out their
beet material, and are making a vigorous canvass
and the result of our election on the 7th
of November next may be looked upon as a
criterion of our political standing. We Lave
large majorities in all the river counties from
the Gulf to the Tennessee line, and in most of
the counties in the central portion of the
State; but the Democrats can defeat us in
most of those bordering on Alabama. Most of
the counties have made their nominations,
and the canvass is now getting at its height.
Oar ablest men are in the field and are doing
a good work. An able joint discussion is now
in progress between Gov. Alcorn on our part
and Gen. Robert Lowry on the part of the
Democrats. The issues of the discussion are
so strong against Gen. Lowry that his friends
can see nothing but defeat for him. Gen.
Lowry discusses the principles of the Democratic
party as opposed to the legality of the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments; and
Governor Alcorn discusses the principles of the
Republican party and sustains the amendments.
The present administration of the State is also
brought into the discussion. Governor Alcorn
is a fine, impressive, logical, and graceful
speaker, and generally convinces his hearers
while General Lowry?I understand, as I have
never heard him?is not an impressive speaker,
but an incessant bore, as he inflicts a three or
four hours' speech upon his audiences. Our
Republican majority in the Legislature will
not be so great as it was the last two years
but the colored element will be much larger.
Indeed, the colored element in all the public
offices will be much larger than heretofore. In
this coanfy?the banner of tho State?the
following nominations were made at our re
cent convention. Those marked with an asterisk
are colored. For Sheriff, Col. Chas. E.
Furlone: Clerk of Chanccrv Court* T. W.
-ur
Cardozo* County Assessor, J. W. Browne
County Treasurer, Peter Crosby*; Coroner and
Ranger, E. D. Richardson Surveyor, A. L.
Pierce; Senator, Peter Barrow* members of
the Legislature, II. C. Carter*, W. H. Mallony*,
George K. Ilasie, J. D. Shadd*, and C.
W. Bush*. Colored men have also been nominated
for sheriff (the best paying office in the
State) in two of the richest counties in the
State?Adams and Washington. The thriving
city of Natchez is in the former county and
others will get the same office in other counties.
We are not working againstr our white
friends, but the colored voters feeling that they
are largely in the majority, put forward their
own men as fast as they are qualified and
able to reflect credit upon the race by filling
the offices creditably to which they aspire.
The Democrats will make no regular opposition
to us in the county, as our majority is insurmountable
but they will give us a desperate
fight at the city election, which comes
off in December. We hope, however, with
good nominations, and accession to our ranks
of the Jews and Germans, and a few Irish?
all of whom arc quite numerous here?to elect
our city officers by a few hundred majority.
NE^V
TTAT -r-r %T/V n.
VU1J. II.?JNU. 4Z.)
respondent, what significance to attribute to
it; but, as we are taught to love our enemies,
we truly sympathize with hiin in this late
breach so suicidal. As the bitter poison that
is spewed from the lips of some tobacconist
against the strong current of the wind is blown
back into the brazen countenance of its manufacturer
with bitter rebuke, so the verdict of
the people, so denunciatory to this boosted
"joke," throws back into the face of its author
the bitter fruits of his "joke," and thus, as
the unfortunate De Quincy, he dies from the
bitter poison mixed by his own fatal hand.
And it is a matter of greater surprise to us
when we look npon him as being an active
member of that organization which sits
weekly in solemn council on a people's gratitude
in the erection of a monument to the
memory of the beloved Brown. Is there a
member of that organization who pretends to
feel a deep and solemn interest in the movement
whose pathway has sa lately been moistened
with tha dews of liberty, that can appreciate
the propriety of this burlesque, without feeling
what a desecration he attaches to tho memory
of the lamented Brown Is there a man of
African lineage in all the land who appreciates
his new condition of human liberty that would
sanction this desecration Yes, who is there
I of Saxon lineage, in whose breast beats a loyal
heart, and who writes with the slow palse of
Anglo-Saxon blood, that does not feel an involuntary
homage for the memory of John Brown
And can he presume to utter fitly the deep,
fervent, religions joy that ought everywhere to
pervade the breasts of the direct recipients of
this fresh baptism of liberty?
We who endeavor to defend his memory
publicly, experience a delicacy to a
certain degree, for we know that the inference
will be drawn that we are a strange, ungrateful
people. But must we lie supinely in the face
of obloquy, and, without a murmur of defence,
see published to the world, as representative,
a vent of individual spleen? We desire all
to know that not a single citizen objects
to the feasibility of the movement, but on the
other hand that they frown with righteous indignation
upon this misrepresentation. We
would rejoice in the speedy con ession of its
author, and in an open retraction, of the desecration
he has, perhaps, thoughtlessly committed.
We trust that he has not a heart so
granite that, while the open compassion of the
people keeps him in his silent chamber in serious
meditation over this rash stroke of his pen,
that when those gallant spirits that took their
flight from Harper's Ferry in the cause of
freedom, and especially that one whose dust
KnripH hnnonfli tKo onAtua nf Vni?tK PlKo
J .v- -"V ^uvno u. *'V?vu
hover around his troubled conscience, he will
not be bo invulnerable that the matchless
power of the mighty dead will fall as it were
upon a heart of flint. The main objectionable
feature in the letter of September 14 seems
to be in the admonition as to the speculative
motives some are wont to have in an enterprise
of this kind. We know that other organizations
have Buffered and died because
they were sapped of their life blood by such
mercenary tricksters, and in view of these la
mentable examples, we only hoped that we
would be spared from such an infectious malady.
We still entertain the same hope, for
we are as liable as any organization to be
visited by 3uch evils. We do not boast a
perfection in this community that makes us of
the number of those who are perfect and
have noed of nothing." We believe that to be
human is to be fallible.
We have not seated ourselves in the spirit
of revenge and communicated this correction
bat wo have called special attention of the
citizens to both letters, and I have simply communicated
their dictation. They all, with one
accord, assent to the eminent propriety of the
movement, and will lend their efforts in taking
the wisest measures to awaken a deep interest
among the masses; so that, by the power of
union, there will be in a few years a towering
expression of a people's gratitude in the erection
of a national monument to the memory
of the martyr chief.
Yonrs, most truly, II. G. P.
Having allowed the use of our columns to
parties on both sides of this controversy, we
must docline, after this, anything further in
relation to the differences.?En. J
Sherldau at Chicago.
General Philip Sheridan is a soldier who has
the nerve to assume heavy responsibilities and
to bravely carry them through. When confronted
with any unexpected duty he waits not
for instructions, but acts according to the best
of his judgment, and the country has had some
reason to know that his judgment can be relied
on. If, during the progress of the terrific conflagration
at Chicago, he had deemed it necessarp
to hang or shoot such thieves, incendiaries,
and plunderers as were caught plying their
nefarious trades, he would have given the requisite
order, and would have seen that it was
carried out. And when the country was informed
by telegraph that General Sheridan was
administering justice in this summary maimer,
no one doubted the truth of the stories who
knew anythiag about the character of the man.
When the fire had been subdued, and the
i? I ?_r .L _ ur
V^NA
WASHINC
THE SOUTH CAROLINA KU-KLUX.
.Proclamation bj the President.
wiicd|iuiiui;ihb ui us v? chlctii journals"
began to work up the incidents in sensational
style, they gave snch graphic accounts
of these peremptory executions, that it was not
surprising that the people of the whole country
were convinced that they had actually taken
ptoce. The masses of the people having the
greatest confidence in the tact, discretion, and
sound judgment of General Sheridan, were prepared
to justify him in whatever measures he
had deemed necessary to bold in check the army
of scoundrels who were ready to take advantage
of the general consternation, and turn the
misery of others to their own profit.
Certain newspapers, however, having a
chronic dislike for General Sheridan, on account
of some miiitay performances in which
be was a distinguished actor, forthwith began
to cry oot, military usurpation." In the
Chicago burglar with a halter around his neck,
they saw the American citisen suffering death
at the hand of a tyrant. Through the wall of
flame that encircled the burning city they discerned
the bulwarks of American freedom involved
in a common ruin with the temples of
justice in which the civil judges were wont to
i sit. With tho dome of the Court-house came
down the pillars of Liberty, and on the ruins
sat a military despot, Philip Sheridan by name,
who arrested assassins and thieves without
warrant, and shot them without remorse,
i These vigilant guardians of habeas carpus,
and the trial hy jury might have saved their
tears. It turns out that General Sheridan
ordered nobody to be shot, and that nobody was
shot. When read by the light of later dispatches,
these splendid lamentations over the
decay of American freedom appear very like
abject nonsense.?Baltimore American.
?The profits of the milk business in Boston
are said to be enormous. One contractor is
stated to hare realised $75,000 in ten years,
and could now dispose of his contracts for
$20,000 additional. Even the poor milkmen
who drive from door to door in the gray of the
morning are compensated for cold fingers and
I blue noses by the handsome profits they make,
$100 bonus per can being the price usually
received by the party selling out his route. At
this rate a milkman selling one hundred cans
would realize the round sum of $10,000.
j [__
Could you not come down and give us a lift
if our executive committee should send for
youT Civis.
better from Obcrlin, Ohio.
Obbrlik, Ohio, Oct. 11, 1871.
To the Editor of the Sew Sat tonal Era:
Think not, Mr. Kditor, that it is a source of
any pleasure to us to prolong a controversy of
a jocular import, such as characterizes your
colon.ns in the issue of September 28th; but
we deem it incumbent upon ourselves, in behalf
of misrepresented and sorrowful citizens, to
give vent to the bitterness of our feelings over
the burlesque," as it is termed, that graces
your issue of September 28th, in the shape of
a letter from Oberlin. The letter, as you are
aware it starts out, essayed to be a true correction
of some objectionable ideas expressed in
the letter from Oberlin in your issue of Hep
tember 14th. But the writer, wo presume, not
discovering any objections that would bear the
scrutiny, of the public eye, inspired with a
purpose to gain notoriety as a newspaper correspondent,
in giving publicity to vain thoughts
of a loose and peculiar nature, and forgetting
the deep solemnity that ought to pervade every
heart in the consideration or this subject, and
the high appreciation that the joyful recipients
of this national benefaction should show for
the Harper's Ferry martyr, who was th? harbinger
to the victory we now enjoy, sought to
vent his personal spleen in the publication ol
bis "joke," as the thoughtless rabbi? are
pleased to call it. Xow, the paramount idea
which prompts this explanation, is not that
those of us here who have acquainted ourselves
with the movement may keep up, in controversy,
what may be right and of personal satisfaction
to ourselves; but, in view of the
extensive circulation that your journal has,
and is still acquiring, among the masses, and
the natural inference consequent upon reading
this obtuse "burlesque," we direct this to
obviate all false inferences which may have
been drawn by thousands abroad, whose high
sense of honor will not permit them to sanction
or drink in, without a murmur, the bur
lesque" on this grave issue. We are no!
dreadful of any stigma that may be thrust at
our efforts, for we kn?w, when we disoover at
article bearing the signature of your late cor.
1
II ft he* a Corpus Suspended In Portion* of
SMtk Cnrollna.
Whereas bj an act of Congress, entitled
"An act to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes," approved
the twentieth'day of April, Anno Domini
one thousand eight nundred and seventy-one,
power is given to the President of the United
States, when in his judgment the public safety
shall require it, to suspend the privileges of
the writ of habeas corpus in any State or part
of a State whenever combinations and conspiracies
exist in such State or part of a State for
the purpose of depriving any portion or class
of the people of such State of the rights, privileges,
immunities, and protection named in
the Constitution of the United States, and secured
by the act of Congress aforesaid, and
whenever such combinations and conspiracies
do so obstruct and hinder the execution of the
laws of any such State, and of the United
States, as to deprive the people aforesaid of
the rights, privileges, immunities, and protection
aforesaid, and do oppose and obstruct the
laws of the United States and their due execution,
and impede and obstruct the due course
of justice under the same; and whenever such
combinations shall be organized and armed,
and so numerous and powerful as to be able bv
violence either to overthrow or to sot at defiance
the constituted authorities of said State
and of the United States within such State;
and whenever, by reason of said causes, the
conviction of such offenders and the preservation
of the public peace shall become in such
State or part of a State impracticable;
And whereas such unlawful combinations and
conspiracies for the purposes aforesaid are declared
by the act of Cougress aforesaid to be
rebellion against the Government of the United
States;
And whereas byTaid act of Congress it is
provided that before the President shall suspend
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus
ne shall first have made his proclamation commanding
such insurgents to disperse
And whereas on the twelfth day of the
present month of October the President of the
United States did issue his proclamation, reciting
therein, among other things, that such
combinations and conspiracies did then exist
in the counties of Spartanburg, York, Marion,
Chester, Laurens, Newberry, Fairfield, Lancaster,
and Chesterfield, in the State of South
Carolina, and commanding thereby all persons
composing such unlawful combinations and
conspiracies to disburse and retire peacefully to
their homes within five days from the date
thereof, and to dolivor either to the marshal of
the United States for the district of South
Carolina, or to any of his deputies, or to any
military ofliccr of the United States within said
counties, all arms, ammunition, uniforms, disguises,
and other means and itnnlements used.
kept, possessed, or controlled by them for carrying
out the unlawful purposes for which the
said combinations and conspiracies are organized

And whereas the insurgents engaged in such
unlawful combinations and conspiracies within
the counties aforesaid have not dispersed and
retired peaceably to their respective homes,
and have not delivered to the marshal of the
United States, or to any of his deputies, or to
a^y military officer of the United States within
said counties, all arms, ammunition, uniforms,
disguises, and other means and implements
used, kept, possessed, or controlled by them
for carrying out the unlawful purposes for
which the combinations and conspiracies are
organized, as commanded by said proclamation,
but do still persist in the unlawful combinations
and conspiracies aforesaid:
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President
of the United States of America, by virtue
of the authority vested in me by the Constitution
of the United States, and the act of
Congress aforesaid, do hereby declare that, in
my judgment, the public safety especially requires
that the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus be suspended, to the end that such rebellion
may be overthrown, and do hereby suspend
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus
within the counties of Spartanburg, York,
Marion, Chester, Laurens, Newberry, Fairfield,
Lancaster, and Chesterfield, in said State
of South Carolina, in respect to all persons
arrested by the marshal of the United States
for the said district of South Carolina, or by
arity of his deputies, or by any military officer
of the United States, or by any solicitor or
citizen acting under the orders of said marshal,
deputy, or such military officer within any one
of said counties, charged with any violation
of the act of Congress aforosaid during the
continuance of such rebellion.
in witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this seventeenth
day of October, in the year of
[n. s. J our Lord one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-one, and of tho independence
of the United States of America
the ninety sixth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
J. G. Bancroft Davis,
Acting Secretary of State.
The Literary Wealth of Old
Chicago.
Chicago was the great literary emporium of
the Northwest. The entire book trade of the
city, including that small portion of the stationery
trade which was done by the book
houses, amounted to $2,000,000 per year. The
Western News Company, S. C. Griggs Co.,
W. B. Keen ?fe Cooke, G. C. Sherwood, and
Cobb, Pritehard Co., were the leading houses.
The first, three firms did business side by side
in a five-story marble block on State street, and
their premises formed the finest group of bookstores
in the world. Their stores rented for
from ?10,(MX) to $20,000 each per annnm. Each
was l.r?0 feet deep by 45 wide, with shelves and
show-cases crowded, and enormous stacks of
books, often twice as high as a man's head,
rising from every available square foot on the
tloor. The Western News Company, which is
owned half in New York and half in Chicago,
sold annually about $1,000.000 worth of current
literature. The sales of the firm of Griggs
Co., in which General McClurg is a partnor,
had an annual trade of $800,000. It was not
nniicuot lit nison 1??to ffaw* 14 J
?v v4? vuimiu i uiu VIIIVCI^U au bUUUOIIIIU
copies or a subscription book. Chicago contained
several valuable public libraries, some,
if not all, of which were probably destroyed.
The most notable were those of John A. Kice,
E. G. Assay, K. B. McCagg, Ileury L. Monroe,
and Perry H. Smith.
Mr. Rice's library contained about 5,000 volumes,
including a Dibdm, which cost $1,800,
i and was the 6 nest in the world, llis collection
I was especially rich in early American imprints,
including maoy works printed by Marmaduke
Johnson, at Cambridge, Massachusetts, years
before a printing office was established in Boston
$40,000 was refused for Mr. Rice's library.
Mr. McCagg's library consisted of 6,000 vol*
nines, and was rich in antique treasures and
choice engravings. It contained a fine "Purchas*
Voyages,"' and an original (Paris) Jefferson's
Notes on America." In a room adjoining
the library was lieley's large picture
of the Military Conference at Fortress Monroe
in 1805, which ooatained the best likeness of
President Lincoln ever painted. Mr. Assay's
library contained about 45,000 volumes. In
American history he had one peculiar treasure
?the original manuscript correspondence between
Washington and James Laurens, of
South Caroliaa. Mr. Monroe's collection included
the finest law library in the city, and an
exceedingly choice assortment ia general
literature. Rare and choice works invariably
found purchasers at high rates in Chicago. A
Boston firm printed, about 18 months ago, for
three Chicago book collectors, a special edition
of only three copies of Longfellow's
Dante," which cost in the sheets $333 a piece,
i ?New York Tribune.
_ I,
t
TIO^
JTON, D. C., THURSDAY, OCTO]
ralto.
Meeting of (tie Peace ?Paasage of a
Serlep of Reeoluttnne?Addrcaa by l?r.
Child and Alfred H. hove.
[From tlio Philadelphia October IS.)
Last evening a special meeting of the Pennsylvania
Peace Society was held at Liberty
Hall, Lombard street, above Seventh. In the
absence of Lucretia Molt, president of the
society, Alfred 11. Love, Ksq., presided.
Mr. Love said that the meeting was specially
called in view of the late riots, bv which three
of our fellow-citizens had been murdered on
the 10th of October.
Dr. Ilenrv T. Child, seretary, read the fol-
lowing resolutions
Whereas the resnlts of conditions sorrowfully 1
at war with peace have brought mourning to
our land *in the loss of life of three of our 1
fellow-citizens?among them Oetavius V. Caito, j
widely knowu and respected and whereas in
our deep sympathy we feel there are duties incumbent
upon all to so perfect the future that J
me outrages oi the past shall not he repeated
therefore, 1
Resolved, That we meet with our friends, 1
the caiored people, to share with them in their
sorrow and affliction, and to strengthen them J
in those virtues which shall insure them more
of safety, happiness, and prosperity. 1
Resolved, That we are unable to compro- J
bend how any man or anv party can be so 1
demoralized as to inliict suOV;v<g-* so great f
upon a people deserving respectand protection,
and without joining a wanton denunciation of 1
uny political party or any class of men, we 1
implore thern to remember the rights of life, 1
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, so dear
to them, and cherished by ali mankind, irre- 1
spectivo of color, sex, or condition.
Resolved, That wo conjure our colored
friends to subdue any feelings of hostility or
deadly resentment towards their aggressors or
oppressors, and to stand even more firmly by J
their well-merited reputation for patience and 1
virtue, confiding in the great law of the uni- 1
verse, Righteousness shall be exalted." 1
Resolved, That we call upon that party
which has caused the ballot to be placed in the 1
hands of the colored man to so respect the newmade
voter that he shall have such opportuni- 1
ties to office and appointment as his merits
shall entitle him, remembering that the more 1
he is recognized the weaker becomes the oppo-
sition. I
Dr. Child said that death always taught a
solemn lesson. If this meeting had been called 1
a week ago probably the first man that would
have responded would have been the man
whose body was yesterday consigned to bis
final resting place. He said that on Tuesday
last he rode in the neighborhood of the riot r
where two others were stricken in death, mar- 1
tyrs to a great principle. A certain judge had 1
said that the colored people had no rights
which we were bound to respect, and this spirit "J
was the same that manifested itself on Tuesday 1
last. The same spirit led to the assassination
of Abraham Lincoln. It is a relic of that dan- j
gerous and barbarous principle which kept the
colored man in slavery.
I am happy, however, to say that during
your enslavement and since your enfranchisement
you have submitted to outrages that
would crush any race, but you have stood firm
in principle. You have acted most nobly, and
have manifested no disposition to retaliate.
The colored race deserves the greatest praise,
and it is a burning shame that we have allowed
such outrages. From bad teachings has this
foul spirit of antagonism to the colored race
been engendered. The young men of the colorod
race should emulate the character of Octavius
V. Catto, and his power was known and
understood by the enemies of the colored
people.
The speaker then advised the colored people
to educate themselves, and thus lit themselves
for any position in society.
Alfred II. I jOve was the next speaker; he I
said that on the day that Catt?? was killed he
called upon some friends, and proposed going
down to the place where the rioting was going
on, but was advisod not to do so, but to wait
until after the election and hold a meeting of
the Pennsylvania Peace Society as soon after
as possible. On Monday ho waited upon the
parties having charge of the hall, for the purpose
of the meeting this evening, and it was
freely granted to the society without cost. lie
then proceeded to speak of the murder of Octavius
V. Catto and the othor men who lost
Ikoi. IIm. 'I'...? I-..* Tl 1- J 1 f
lutM u. ouajr ion. uujr imu ueeu
killed in the discharge of a great civil duty
that had been accorded them by the party in
power. The Republican party was slow to 1
grant the right of suffrage, fearing the loss of
votes, but having done so, and finding they
are largely in the majority in this city, the I
colored people aro entitled to a share of the
offices. If they can vote they should also be
voted for. J
The speaker then said that ho deprecated
the military spirit that is manifesting itself
among the colored people. It pained him to
see them having a love for drilling and desire
to make displays. He knew that they felt
that they owed their liberty entirely to tire and
sword, but such was not the case. Their freedom
was achieved by and through the peaceful
method adopted by William Lloyd Garrison,
and other great reformers.
Mr. Love spoke at some length, urging his
hearers to discountenance war, and to adopt
the teachings of the Pennsylvania Peace Society.
Rachel Townsend and others followed, after
which the meeting adjourned.
"Ite?l?Ij" Dever.
The Supposed Murderer of Professor Catto?
Schuylkill County Claim* the Honor of
Ills Citizenship.
The Pottsvillc Miners' Journal of Monday
says "We have heard it stated that 4 Reddy'
Dever, dhe villain who shot tho colored man,
Catto, in Philadelphia, on election day, is no
other than Cornelius Sheridan, alias 4 lteddy'
Sheridan, the notorious scoundrel who made a
hasty exit from Mt. Carbon four years ago to
avoid the officers of the law, who had several
warrants for his arrests on charges of various
kinds?principal among which was the commission
of a rape upon a woman, and shoving a
countryman's horse down over the high preci
pice above Mt. Carbon, lie is known to sail
under several4 aliases,' and is a notorious desperate
bad character. The description published
in the papers is tho description of Sheridan, and
as near as it is possible to make it, and it is
the opinion of those who ought know that
4 Reday' Sheridan is the man, only under an
assumed name. As above stated, ho left here
about four yeurs since, closely pursued by the
officers, but succeeded in making good his escape.
Shortly after his family, who were re
siding at Mount Carbon, moved to Williamsburg,
N. Y. (Officer Fitzsimmong shortly after
followed them, in hopes of finding 4 Roddy,' but
only succeeded in learning that the man he
wanted lived in Williamsburg and had just left
for parts unknown on board a vessel. Since
that time 1 Reddy' has succeeded in keeping
out of the hands of the law, which, if satisfied,
would send hiin to the gallows. Sotne three
weeks ago, we learn, he had the audacity to visit
Mt. Carbon, where he remained a day or two,
and oommitted a hotel robbery of several bottles
of whiskey and other articles, after which
h? Iftft. acrnin t'nr nnrta nnknnun 1 U.i.l.lo' nrau
a railroader while in this region, hut upon the
occasion of his recent visit to Mt. Carbon informed
his old friends, who are the roughs of
that borough, that he was in the boating business
with his brother. That he is the murderer
of Catto, of course, is only a conjecture with us;
but it might be well to arrest the man sailing
under that natne, answering the description,
and if he is not the man that murdered Catto
send him to Schuylkill county, where no less
than six or seven warrants call for his body."

?The famous French tri color is still flying
from the spire of the cathedral at Metz. There
is said to be in all Metz only one man who is
both skillful enough and daring enough to
climb the steeple to its entire height. This is
he who placed the flag there. He is a poor
workq^pn, who during, the war attached the flag
to the peak of the spire for five francs, but the
patriotic Frenchman has refused the Prussian
Governor's offer of 5,000 francs to remove it.
i1 i,i, riaiii-1 i ii A.
IAL I
BER 26, 1871.
Health of Qneen Victoria.
Text of the Speech of Mr. Disraeli at
Hay henden.
Oo the 2Gth of September th?a Right Hon.
I?. Disraeli presided at the harvest festival of 1
his tenantry, in the Manor of Hughendcn, in
England, and the neighboring gentry and
farmers, with their families, and, in short, all
who were disposed to make holiday, assemble/I
before noon to ioin in a harvest thanlrstrivjncr
e>- -r*n
service in St. Michael's Church, where a sermon
was proachod by the Bishop of Oxford.
After the religions ceremony luncheon was
served in a marquee, and finally Mr. Disraeli
distributed the prizes awarded by the Hughenden
Horticultural Society for the encouragement
of cottage gardening to those exhibitors
in the day's show whose pet wqndoV flowers
and garden produce had been especially commended
by the judges. Mr. Disraeli, who w?s
loudly cheered, on rising after luncheon, Baid
Ladirs and Grntt.kmrn I am now about to
propose to you the Health of Her Majesty
the Queen." The health of the Queen has for
several years been a subject of anxiety to those
about her, but it is only within this last year
that the country generally has become acquainted
with the gravity of that condition. I
aelieve I may say that there is some improvement
in Her Majesty's health [hear, hear,] but
L fear a long time must elapse before it will
reach that average condition which she has for
lome time enjoyed, and I do not think we can
jonceal from ourselves that a still longer time
must elapse before Her Majesty will be able to
esume the performance of those public and
ictive duties which it was once her pride and
pleasure to fulfill, because they brought her 1
nto constant and immediate eontact with her
people. The fact is, we cannot conceal from 1
jursolves that Her Majesty is physically in- 1
:apacitated from performing those duties, but
t is some consolation to Her Majesty's sub- 1
ects to know that, in the performance of those I
nuch higher duties which Her Majesty is called i
ipon to perform, she is still remarkable for a
)unctuality and a precision which have never 1
>een surpassed, and rarely equalled, by any
nonarch of those realms.* [Hear, hear.]
A very erroneous impression is prevalent
cspecting the duties of the Sovereign of this
sountry. Those duties are multifarious they i
ire weignty, ana tney are unceasing. 1 will
venture to say that no head of any department I
n the State performs more laborious duties than
all to the sovereign of this country. There
s not a dispatch received from abroad nor one
lent from this country which is not submitted
o the Queen. Tho whole internal adininistraion
of this country greatly depends upon the
ligu manual, and of our present Sovereign it
nay be suid that her signature has never been
placed to any public document of which she did
lot know the purpose and of which she did not
ipprove. Those Cabinet Councils of which you
ill hear, and which are necessarily the scene of
inxious and important deliberations, are relorted
and communicated on their termination
iy the Minister to the Sovereign, and often call
rotn her critical remarks, necessarily requiring
:onsiderable attention. And I will venture to
idd that uo person likely to administer tho
ifl'airs of this country would treat the suggesions
of Her Majesty with indiffcrenco, for at
his moment there is, probably, no person livng
in this country who has such complete control
over the political traditions of Kugland as
he Sovereign herself. [Hear, hoar. J Tho last
generation of statesmen have all, or almost all,
lisappeared?the Sir Robert Peels, the Lord
Derbys, the Lord Palmerstons have gone, and
here is no person who can advise Her Majesty,
>r is likely to advise Her Majesty in the
iines in which wo live, or who can have
inch a complete masterv of what has on
nirred to this country, and of all the great i
ind important affairs of State, foreign and
lomestic, for the last 34 years, as the
iueen herself, lie, therefore, would not be
i wise man who would not profit by ller Majesty's
judgment and experience. [Hear, hear.]
L have lelt it my duty to make thete remarks
n introducing this toast, in consequence of
>ome erroneous opinions on the duties of the
Sovereign, which are now too common. I
would venture, in conclusion, to remind those i
whom 1 address that, although ller Majesty
nay be, and often is, of great service and aslistance
to her servants, there nover was a
nore constitutional Sovereign than our present
liueen. [Cheers.] All who have served her
would admit that when Ministers havo been
selected by her in deference to what she believed
to bo the highest interests of the State
in the opinion of the country, she gives to
them a complete confidence and undeviating
support. But although there never was a Sovsreign
who would more carefully avoid arrogating
to herself any power or prerogative
which the Constitution does not authorise, so
L would add there never was a Sovereign more
jealous or more wisely jealous of the prerogative
which the Constitution ha9 allotted to
her, because she believes they are for the welfare
of her people. I therefore propose to you
"The health of Her Majesty," and may she
long continue a reign which has been distinguished
by public duty and private virtue.
[Cheers]
M 1'LANATION OF A DISPUTED PASSAOB IN TUB
SPEECH OF MR. DISRAELI.
[London correspondence of the Edinburgh Scotsman.]
At tho annual show of the Ilughenden Horticultural
Society a profound sensation was
caused when Mr. Disraeli said: "The fact is,
we cannot conceal from ourselves that Her
MlllAufw i a nKtrolriollw VI TV* Afrtllft Inon r\f? At fn I
..jvmvj tu ^/Ujoivaujr uuu uiUKvuj
ted from performing her public duties. So
great, indeed, wa9 tho consternation caused by
this unexpected and alarming announcement,
at the conclusion of the Right Honorable gentleman's
speech tho reporter present for the
Press Association inquired of hiin whether he
really intended to use tho words ''and morally."
''Most certainly I did," replied the exPremier,
"I used the word advisedly but if
you consider tho expression too strong, yon
may substitute the word virtually for morally."
Eventually tho reporter, acting, no doibt, under
instructions from headquarters, suppressed
the words "and morally" without putting any
others in their stead.
Tlie lloucMt Quartette.
We understand tho members of the Ring are
overhauling iheir books and figuring up their
profits for the last five years, with a view of
accounting to .the public for their vast wealth
iL-. xl 1 i O 1 i
uii nuuic umcr iiieury man tnai 01 piunaering
the city treasury. Hall claims that he got his
pile" by the "successful practice of his profession."
Connolly's riches are supposed to
be the result of strict economy and a careful
saving of the stray pennies during his long and
laborious official career. Sweeny acquired his
fortune by pure brainwork, which accounts for
his appellation of Peter "Brains" Sweeny,
lie never stole anything himself, but concocted
schemes to facilitate the stealings of his confederates,
and received liberal contributions
from their grateful hands. As for 44 Boss"
Tweod, ho boldly declares that he can account
for every cent he possesses as a result of honest
industry and lucky speculation, lie says he
made three millions in one week in Erie stock
speculations; that he bought up the entire
Church-street extension, and from this and
other speculations realized a profit of from
$120,000 to $140,000 per day for forty days in
succession. The only wonder is, how a man
who could speculate at this rate, should consent
to bother his head about petty offices like
the head of the Department of Public Works
and State Senator. That, however, can be accounted
for on principles of pure patriotism.?
AT. Y. Times.
?Weston started in Cincinnati, on Tuesday,
to walk 113 milts in twenty-four consecutive
hours, a feat unparalleled in the history of
pedestrianism. liaving made two failures to
accomplish the task, Weston now says to the
people of Cincinnati that he is not walking for
pay, bat simply to convince the people that he
can walk 113 miles in the time above specified.
?A lady writer blames the men more than
the women forridiculons fashions now in vogue.
She says 44 If all men possessing $100,000
and upwards should form a league not to marry
any woman who mounted a chignon, how
long do yon suppose the ugly monstrosities
would contioue to be in vogue
5RA.
J 82.RO n year in advance
I ft Oopi?? for 810.
The Western Fires.
WtKomla and Mlrhlfnii-AboiK Fifty VII
laffei Destroyed?Appalling Lent of LlftIlundrede
of Dead Oodles Kccovrrrd.
The Green Bay Advocate prints many important
particulars of the great fires in the
vicinity of that town. Among the Tillages
either wholly or in part destroyed are enumerated
Green Bay, Humboldt, Casco. lied
Iliver, Brussels, llosiere, Robinsonville, Thirty
Deames, Glenmore, Hubbard's Mill, lWsey
Mill, New Pranken, Oak Orchard, Coullard
Bridge, WilliamsonTille, Menekaunee, Mari
nette, Biroh Creek, Union Town, lVshtege, The
Sagar Bush, Messiere, Dyckesville, Ahnepee,
Pierce, Kewaunee, and many others.
Peshtego has nearly 2,000 inhabitants.
Every bnilding bat one?an unfinished dwelling?is
reported burned.
Willi&msonville, five miles from the shore of
T U* I i 1
M-tii,w oiur^ouu wu? nurupu ou cunuuy
night, the 8th instant. The proprietor, John
Williamson, with his wife ami two cnildren?
hie entire family?are burned to deatTi, and
about fifty three other persons in the same settlement
perished. Scarce a soul is left to tell
the tale. There were twelve families and fiftytwo
men in and about the mill. Of all these
people, but two were saved uninjured, and ten
injured persons still living were found, and
wore sent on Monday by the tug Ozaukee to
Big Sturgeon bay for medical treatment. Every
other individual in the settlement is dead. Mr.
Gardner sent twenty-five men to chop through
the woods to this settlement. They found the
remains of six persons in one house, and piled
the partly-charred remains of fifty five bodies
ot men, women, and ohildren. Twenty-nine
human bodies lay on a single spot about ten
feet square?some with arms and legs burned
off, and all with clothing gono. A few rods off.
on every side, were others, and a man and child
were found dead in a well. They found fiftytive
dead bodies, and think the total numl>er
must be from sixty to seventy.
The villages of Itosiere and Messiere, both in
the town of Lincoln, were entirely destroyed.
At last accounts twenty one persons were
missing. The number of houses destroyed in
liosiere was 180.
G. J. Tisdale makes the following statement
in regard to the calamity at Peshtego:
During the day?Sabbath?the air was
filled with smoke, which grew dense toward
jvening, and it was noticed that the air, which
was quite chilly during the day grow quite
warm, and hot puffs were quite frequent during
the evening. About 8.30 o'clock at night we i
;ould seo that there was a heavy fire to the 1
louthwest of the town, and a dull, roaring
jound, like that of a heavy wind, came up from
that quarter. At nine o'clock the ?/ind was
tdowiug very fresh, and by 9.30 a perfect gale.
The roar of the approaching tornado grew more
terrible at 10. When the fire struck the town
it seemed to swallow up and literally drown
;verything. The tire cauie on swifter than a
race-hoise, and within twenty-live minutes of
the timo it struck the outskirts of the town
svcrything was in flames. What followed beggars
all description. About the time the tire
reached the Peshtego House, I ran out at the
east door, and as I stepped on the platform the
wind caught ine and hurled me some distance
on my head and shoulders and blew mo <?n my i
face several times on going to the river. Then
came a fierce, devouring, pitiless rain of fire
and sand, so hot as to ignite everything it
touched. I ran into tho water, prostrated myself
and got my faeo in the water, and threw
water over my back and head. The heat was
so intense that I could keep my head out ot
water hut a few seconds at a timo for the space
of nearly an hour. Saw logs in tho river caught
fire and burned. A cow came to me and rub
red her neck against ine and bawled piteously.
I heard men, women, and children crying for
help, but was utterly powerless to help anyone.
What was my experience was the experience
of others. Within three hours of the time the
firo struck the town the site ot' Peshtego was
literally a sand desert, dotted ovor with smoking
ruins. I estimate tho loss of life to bo at
least 300 in tho towu and Sugar Bush. (.Jrcat
numbers were drowned in tho river. Cattle
and horses were burned in the stalls. The
Peshtego Company's barn burned with over
fifty horses in tho stable. Whole families,
heads of families, children, mothers, fathers,
brothers, and sisters were burned, and remnants
of families were running hither and thither,
wildly calling and looking for their relatives
after tho fire."
A Great Pufellsbiu? Calerprine.
Though it may, at first glance, seem almost
incredulous, it is a fact that one of the largest
publishing enterprises ever conceived of is
being carried on, with the greatest success, by
Messrs. E. C. Allen Co., Augusta, Maine.
It is held by them that they can conduct business
more economically at that place than from
a larger city, and surely these words are proved
by the subscription ffritffes of their publications,
which are really thirty-three and one-third per
cent, cheaper than those charged by other publishers
for similar papers. Messrs. Allen
Co. have, from the very start, showed the
rri?nafnaf nnnrnru in ufovfinrv nr>?l nnaK!n? 1
[Minmu^ WIOI1
papers. It is only two years since they
launched forth their lirst publication, The
People's Literary Companion, and of the lirst
number they printed three hundred thousand
copies, for gratuitous circulation, and also
spent nearly #100,000 in advertising it through
newspapers. The result was immediate and
grand, subscriptions llowing in through the
agents, who were employed in all parts of the
country, by the thousand, daily. The people
everywhere seemed to appreciate the real
merits of the paper and tne low subscription
price, aud thousands, thinking they could not
afford two literary papers, discontinued the e
that they were takiug, and subscribed for The
Companion. For two years The People's Literary
Companion was continued as a monthly
publication, and at one time attained the enormous
circulation of eight hundred and fifty
thousand copies. It is now published weekly,
and is meeting with greater success than ever.
Though its illustrations are liner and more
tasty than those of the three dollar weeklies,
and its reading matter of the greatost interest
in all its departments, the subscription price
is only two dollars per year. Messrs. Allen
Co. have just started a paper for young
folks, called Our Youug Folk's Illustrated
P..per. It is published semi monthly?subscription
price one dollar per year. It is very
j handsomely illustrated with appropriate en1
gravings, and cannot fail to interest and benefit
all the boys and girls, aud the old folks,
too, who have preserved young hearts iu their
breasts.
Messrs. Allen Co. have just moved into
i their new publishing house, which they have
built during the past summer. It is an elegant
J structure of brick, with granite and freestone
trimmings. All the fittings insido are superb.
ffll
ine nrsi story is usca lor storage room, ana
here may be seen, at any time, tons upon tons
of paper, waiting for tho printing presses.
The second story is the press room, where, on
an average, one hundred thousand papers per
day aro printed and folded. The folding is
done by machines, each machine folding sixty
papers per minute. The third story is the
mailing department, and included in the furnishing
of this room aro thirty tons of type,
which is required in printing tho names of subscribers
on the papers. The names of subscribers
aro printed on the papers at the rate
of sixty per minute, by wonderful little
machines. The fourth and fifth stories are devoted
to the compositors' department, and the
business and private offices of the establishment,
whioh are fitted up and famished with
the greatest elegance. The sixth story is devoted
to an electrotype foundry, and a depart
ment for folding pamphlets, circulars, Arc., Arc.
The entire building is warmed bj steam, and
pare water runs in every department and
room. The oost of the building exceeds one
hundred thousand dollars, and is a standing
witness to the energy of the enterprising publishers.
We congratulate Messrs. Allen Co.
on their great success, and as long as their liberal
prioes are continued, and their publications
kept up to their present standard of merit, may
their prosperity oontinue, and constantly increase.?Maine
Farmer.
Sunday yrell observed blesseth the whole week.
RATES OF ADVERTISING. I
TRA3SIENT ADYEETI8I3G RKTE3 B
OiwIniwrtiM,^^^ $1 H
Su t>*oqnont Insertion 7 H
KATES FOB YEA ELY ADVERTIFElfFHITSj B
Thro* months, flu month*. One test
One-foorih oclnmn
Q?? Imlt oolnmn 40
On* column TA Ifi fu?i I
The space of ton linos Br?il?r typ* constitute*nn 1
tlsinc square In this pnper. I
Any space leas tt.hi t> u linos is charged th* rate of full
square. H
All (olcertiiwments occupying loss thsn s quarter of n col- fl
nnm are com| ntod by th.? square. H
Ml in?ert<><l for n loss timo thsn thro* month
are chsriH transient rate*.
A Card from Senator llronnlou. 1
The re hoi lidVPmnr nl T?b?a~" 1
?v? v? vumimu ut'UTCn'll
his inaugural aiiMi on Tuesday last. and h
that extraordinary Milk he Mil this most fl
extraordinary assertion: II
**The public debt in the short pcriial of f ur I
years swelled from $lC,OHO,OOOto U>,0lM).0tH>." 1
lla?l some newspaper Mtkklll and partisan 41
reporter for a partisan shoot made ttic for* 11
going statement leoald have excused it; but (1
m the Governor of a State, who is presumed M
to inform himself on the condition of the State :'M
whose chief magistrate he is. such reckb M
of assertion is wholly met.mmMSu I
It is such a monstrous perversion of t.uth I
that in charity I attribute it to his F.xcollcncv 'i S
iterance, and in his zeal to currv favor with *J
his new associates?the virtuous Democracy.. |i
I nronose briefly to state the tacts, which I tl
defy Governor John C. Brown or his bitterest
rebel partisan coadjutors to controvert. P
The statement that since the war and dur 1|
my administration of the State government. S
the public debt, in the short period of four wj
years, swelled from sixteen to forty millions
of dollars," is recklessly made in total ignorance
of tho facts or with a view to serve the j
interests of the "Lost Cause." Not having j
before me the official reports of the Ooaip j?i
trollcr and other State officers. 1 cannot give fl
the exa't figures in dollars and cents, kM will
give them in round numbers, which are substantially
the official reports. The entire State
debt at the beginning of the war was about
?18,1)00,000, instead of $16,000,000, as the
Governor asserts. The interest which nccu-
inulated during the war was about $4,500,000, B
and the debt that matured during the war was
about half a million, making the State debt at
the close of the wir about $23,000,000.
Since then over a million dollars of that- debt
has matured and been funded by the issuance
of new bonds. It will be seen that Governor
Brown attributes to the Republican party
n.n inoreiwn nf 0><> 1 _ as
v. ?"?j vivub i'jr 9U,UVU,UUU inac H
matured during the war, and $1,(>IH>,000 since,
before there won a Republican party in Tonnes
see. And even upon that assumption his statements
are greatly exaggerated. The actual
amount of the increase of the debt since the
war for all purposes does not exceed ?11.OHO,- H
The Governor has it $26,000,000?an vt
error of $11,000,0$$.
When the mueh-ahuscd Republican party, iB
which Governor Brown throughout his inaugural
assails with such virulence, got possession
of the State, they found nearly all the railroads
in the State in a condition of bankruptcy
and ruin, caused by the same nefarious
rebellion which Gov. Brown materially aided. -j?
And from all parts of the State the rebel offi- w
cers, stockholders and directors of these rail
roads Hocked to the capital and implored the
Republican party to lend them the credit of
the State by the issuance of bonds, for the rbuilding
of bridges, depots, and trestle work.
The question, therefore, was "Shall we let the
State's property in these roads he totally lest,
or shall we put them on their feet and in a con Bj
dition to he serviceable to the State, and its fiu
citizens?" 1 usod whatever of influence I had
to loan them the credit el tie- State.
Gov. Brown, in his inaugural, says that when
the sceptre passed from the hands of the B
publican party, peace again reigned over a
blighted country. The facts are that while he
was writing his inaugural, his partisan friend*.
known as the Ku-Klux Klan, in three hours K
ride of the State capital, were sli >o;mg and .11?
hanging no less thAn four Union men uud no BE
groes in one night, taking the negroes forcibly
from the jail. By the way, the Ku-Klax Klan.
which General N. B. Forrest boasted numbered
forty thousand in Tennessee, had their origin
in Giles county, the home of Governor Brown.
What relation, if any, ho sustained to the order. BS
i am not prepared to say.
Instead of Tennessee being quiet and peaceable,
as Governor Brown represents it, I believe
wo ought to havo martial law proclaimed and
Federal troops enough sent to tho State to protect
every citizen in his rights and put a stop JS
to the murder of citizens by Governor Brown's IS'
partisan Ku-Klu.x frionds. And 1 don't hesitate
to say that 1 would support such a propo
aition in the Uoite?i States Senate.
In conclusion, I would express the hope that
Governor Brown and his rebel legislators, who W
profess to have so much at heart the financial a*
condition of the Stato, will not increase its indebtedness
by ordering the redemption (as now
seems probable) of tho bogus issues of the Bank
of Tennessee, which were printed and circulated
for the equipping and arming of thousands of
rebels to war upon the Federal Government.
W. G. Brownlow. b
Knoxville, October 11.
Untitling Societies !is Eiigluud. gi
Tho Building Societies in England have
cotne to be an important feature iu the labor
reform movement there, and are closely identified
with the improved industrial life of the
kingdom. In spite of aristocratic opposition,
a middle class is being constituted thereby
which will be tho strength, perhaps the salvation,
of the nation. The value of tho dwellings
which, through these societies, have become
the property of workingmen, is estimated at
$1,<MH),IMJ,000. A great manv of these socio
ties are called Bowkelt societies, from l>r.
Bowkelt, who originated thein. The fundamental
principle i9 that, by a certain arrangement,
men uniting together can realizo in the
first instance the same amount of interest for aw
their own savings that they are accustomed to
pay for tho use of other people's money next, 1
that they can practically obtain one fourth
more than that rate of interest, and next, that
tho rate of interest is compound interest. The
result is, that while ordinary men out of their
savings can secure very little indeed, throughout
their whole lifetime, if they are poor, yet
if those small earnings accumulate at high rates S<
of compound interest, it is sufficient absolutely
to emancipate any of them, or all of them, from
poverty. ~flj
j In Birmingham alone, 1.1.000 house belong
I to the worltingmen through th ng?ney, and
there are streets more Hunan o wtierein
every house is the proper y o! working
classes. The society does n 11 but
lends the money to a nv-rr? to I he y
streets are ali drained, id eve. y m.< s -muni
to drain into the main sewer, lie-- ad- Hi
vances on tic- cer- ficate of the ir\ i s.< the
work proceed;, always tik >g ire not to advance
too much. It a man g s to a sa e and
buys by aue- .on, the survey.;- goes won him by
order of the commit -e, and a elm go is pai I it
he buys the property but if he gives more for
it than the surveyor has valued it at, ho must
find the gitrp us himself. Iff
These B.rming mm societies also serve as
banks of deposit. A servant girl can put away
$50, draw tnereon 10 shillings a year, and at a 3m
month's noi ee get hack ev ry cent with interest
up to the time notice wis given. A great
|ATo C.r froi.Hi.lrl cwinU ir? 1. rin iH mil
AlMlwiB of wot k ngaMNI po??M1 i id. TIm
great objects of the land society i* to boy
large estate to buy land whole.-1 e, and sell it
to the members at the wh tie- lie p ee. Tims
the society gave lately .?33,0 M f >r ?>n?* e*'atp,
and divided it, after draining it, int in
allotments. The first tb g a tl *the
secretary, 4'is to have a j< in n io o; "i :ariu;
then streets are made and d- t, i -oa
are paved and curoed, and gu rine i,
acd so on, and whatever it is I 1 to
the original cost of tne land. 'I i deal
of the old wretchedness um <ng h t\ cinen
is done away with the only u>- t Ss v are
adding another element to tiie i ?t promises
to make un uneasy throne for the Prince
of Woles to sit upon."
?An indignant41 Barrister" writes to the
Times that, in spite of the oratorical flourish
of Curran about the shackles falling from the *y
slave the moment he touches British soil, etc.,
etc., the slave trade between Tripoli and Constantinople,
through the intermediate port of
Malta, still goes on. The "Barrister" saw five
or six young female slaves at Malta on their
way to Constantinople as a present to a Pasha.
f. 'j u