Staunton
Tuesday, November 14,1871.
Messrs. Griffin Hoffman, No. 4 South
Street, Baltimore, Md., are duly authorized to
contract for advertisements at our lowast rates.
Advertisers in that city are requested to leave
their favors with this house.

Pay your subscriptions in advance, and make
fifty per cent, on your investment.
J. W. Alby is receiving additions to his large
stock of clothing. See advertisement.
Mr. J. S. Hawpe has some fine calves—thor
oughbred and grades —for sale. See notice.
_
The lines on "Indian Summer"' published in
this i*sue have poetic merit.

On Thursday evening last it snowed in High
land county.
Highland County.—The following is the
vote of Highland county, as furnished by a cor
respondent to the Spectator: Paul Lightner
245 Wm. Fleming 171 Dr. Pullens 4.
A meeting of those interested in the milk
trade with Richmond will be held at the County
Clerk's office at 11 o'clock, A. M., on Wednes
day, the 22nd instant. See nulice published by
the Committee in another column.
On Friday night, the 3rd instant, about three
miles from Wytheville, Edmonia, aged 15 years,
daughter of Polly Adkins, was burned so badly
by her clothes taking firo that she died three
hours after the accident occurred.
Good Health for Novemher presents a va
ried and interesting table of contents. It has
among its contributors some of the most ad
vanced medical and scientific men of the day.—
Published monthly by Alexander Moore, Bos
ton, for $2. per year. Syecimen numbers with
clubbing and premium list on application.

By recent order from the Post Office Depart
ment, the Post Master in this city is required to
advertise all letters remaining in his office at
fhe end of each week. The list will be publish
ed in this paper every week. Those not called
for by the following Saturday after being pub
lished will be sent to the Dead Letter Office.

Oyster Pie.—Take a deep pan and line it
with pie crust, or puff paste, put in the oven to
bake, and when done fill the can with oysters
that have been washed idcely, put in pepper,
suit, and a half cup of butter, dredge flour over
them and cover with puff paste rolled thick,
when the top crust is done the pie is ready for
tho table.
1««
"The Augusta News." —This is the title of
a new paper about to be established at Waynes
boro' in this county by Mr. James Heiser. He
has our best wishes for the success of his enter
prise. We hope that his subscription list will
be large, and that his advertising columns will
be filled with paying advertisements, and that
be may have as much job work as he can do.

The following receipt for keeping meat fresh
will be useful to farmers who arc at a distance
from meat markets "Cut the meat in slices
ready to fry, pack it in a jar in layers, sprinkle
with salt and pepper, just enough to make it pal
atable, place on the top a thick paper or cloth,
with salt half an inch thick, keep this on all the
while. Meat has been kept perfectly good for
three weeks by this method.
Notice is hereby given that the Ladies of the
Lutheran Congregation of thi; place, intend of
fering to a generous public, Dinner and Supper,
at the Masonic Hall, on the 27th and 28th of the
present month—Court days. Their object is to
raise money for improving tht- Church, and pay
ing off its present debt.
You can not only gratify your palates at a
mall cost, but aid a good cause.
Yif-ginia University Magazine for Oct.
—The first number of the Virginia University
Magazine for the session of 1871-72 has been re
ceived. We give it a hearty welcome. It is
published by the Literary Societies of the Uni
versity of Virginia and is edited by Messrs.
SeJdo.n and Graham uf the Jefferson and Wash
ington Societies, respectively. This is one of
the best college ni&gi!zines in the country, and
in many respects compares favorably with others
of greater prehension?. It should be[of special
interest to former students of the University,
and to receive a liberal patronage from
them.
"Rockbridqe Citizen."— This is the title of
a new Conservative paper established at Lexing
ton by Messrs. Moi'rison Boude. The first
number has been received, and it furnishes evi
dence that it will be an able and interesting jour
nal. We welcome it to our exchange list and
entertain the hope that it will have a successful
career. Capt. Morrison, one of th° Editors and
Proprietors, whilst he occupied a similar rela
tion to the Gazette showed that he had <-he requi
site qualifications to publish an interesting jour
nal.
Lexington is fortunate in having two saca
good journals as the Gazette and Citizen. We
hope that they will both prosper, and that their
relations to each other will be of a friendly and
pleasant character, such as should exist between
journals published in the same town.
"Staunton Musical Association."—As
will be seen by notice in another column, the
"Staunton Musical Association" has been re-or
ganized. It has now a larger number of mem
bers, embracing more talent, than ever before, j
We will state for the benefit of those who may
wish to attend the regular weekly rehearsals as
well as the concerts given by the Association du
ring the season, that the contribution of $3.00,
paid to the Treasurer, Mr. Drake, will entitle
them to do so.
We hope that this Association will be encour
aged, and be liberally patronized by our citizens
whenever ihey give entertainments. It is in
strumental in cultivating the tastes of our citi
zens, and developing the musical talent of our
community, and should be recognized a3 a pub
lic benefit.

TheKewYork Observer enters upon its
fiftieth year on the Ist of January next. Its ca
reer has been one of the most successful in the
history of American journalism. Every depart
ment is conducted with ability. Its Foreign Cor
respondence is unrivalled, and its independence
in c-smmenting upon political corruptions is in
the highest degree praise-worthy.
We notice that it appears in a "New Dress,"
and also announces that the success of its Year-
Book i_W 1871 will result in Volume No. 2 for
1872, whic.'i will be still more complete in its sta
tistical and o_ her tables of information, and in
its general arrangement-
Such enterprise Reserves success, and we ad
vise our readers to st v ud for a specimen copy of
the paper. New subscribers will receive the pa
per free until January Ist.
Mechanics' and Labor/ng Men's Associa
tion.—A number of Mechanics and Laboring
men of this place, held a pre uminary meeting
in the Virginian Office, on last Saturday night,
and appointed a committee of fi\ T e to draft a con
stitution and by-laws for the government of a
Mechanics' and Laboring Men's AssociatJ" n of
Staunton and Augusta County. V. T e understand
that the object of the organization is to unite
the Mechanics and Laboring Men of the city
and county in an effort to adopt measures for
their mutual protection, and to elevate the hon
est, industrious and skillful Mechanic and La
boring Man from his present to his proper posi
tion in Society. This Association wild bo thor
oughly and permanently organized in a short
time, and we anticipate good results from its in
fluence. Similar organizations are now in suc
cessful operation in nearly all the larger cities,
and it has been ascertained that tl>._y are not on
ly conducive to the welfare of the clashes repre
sented in them, but also to the en.fire oomrn unity
in which they are located.
_______E_GT_©__ EETURMS.
AUGUSTA COUNTY.
SENATE. HOUSE OF DELEGATES.
a
a _•_ •_ T3 r*
O ,9 ••w'2«
*_ r& 1! ,5 o
s= pi _ _r fi v _ _T fc
<«_z ~-_^_£«
ra _H*S|3£gS_
9 '-j t_ a x ©_. -5 to£"<
Ofe?K^«PC3WOTi_S
Staunton', Ward No. 1, 131 128 G 193 184 189 127 128 127 9 3 6
No. 2. 219 169 4 217 218 221 167 167 167 16 3 5
Beverlky Manor.
Sandy Hollow, 01 55 1 58 57 60 55 55 55 5 2 6
Hebron Church, 91 32 0 85 88 88 32 33 32 7 4 6
Peaco's Mill, 38 7 2 38 38 36 8 8 8 2 2 3
Folly Mills, 33 12 8 33 33 33 12 12 12
Bolivar, 35 45 0 27 33 33 45 45 45 3 0 8
South River.
Waynesboro', 175 104 5 150 136 133 95 92 91 15 4 27
Fishersville, 01 19 11 57 38 54 18 18 18 35 11 32
Barterbrook, 48 21 13 39 24 27 21 21 10 49 19 33
Sherando. 29 56 2 30 29 28 50 55 55 3 1 2
Middle River.
NewHoDe, 87 74 9 84 63 51 73 71 71 37 6 49
Mt. Sidney, 112 49 18 86 94 108 43 42 40 29 17 49
Verona, 30 12 3 29 28 36 12 12 12 5 3 7
Red Mills. 10 33 10 10 10 33 33 33
Mt. Meridian. 68 1 4 52 16 19 1 1 1 54 11 61
North River.
Sangersville, 30 8 0 31 31 30 8 8 7 111
Centreville, 21 7 20 20 20 0 0 6 29 25 37
Parnassus, 52 3 5 48 47 45 3 3 3
Mt. Solon, 95 25 2 93 91 90 25 25 26 4 1 3
Spring Hill. 57 35 7 44 51 30 36 31 29 19 4 24
The Pastures,
Churchville 97 1G 17 97 110 105 17 16 15 00 00 00
Lebanon Springs, 13 2 00 13 13 13 2 2 2 00 00 00
Buffalo Gap, 47 21 0 44 45 44 21 22 21 3 2 2
Craigsville, 55 12 2 56 54 56 12 12 12 2 1 2
Deerfield. 35 6 0 35 35 35 6 6 6 0 0 0
Riverheads
Middlebrook, Y3B 75 0 138 133 136 75 75 73 1 1 2
Greenville, 122 56 6 123 119 123 56 56 56 6 2 3
New Port, 48 12 1 49 48 49 12 12 12 2 1 1
Midway. 32 15 1 34 32 34 15 15 15 1 0 1
2136 1110 127 2013 1918 1936 1092 1082 1060 337 124 370
It is due to Messrs. Waddell and Sterrett to state that they published a card, jointly, sta
ting that their names had been put upon tbe Independent ticket without their knowledge
or consent, and that it was their purpose to support the regular Conservative ticket. Mr.
Waddell afterwards authorized it to be stated that he would not serve under the circum
stances, if elected. Dr. Shelton and Robt. A. Harnsberger remained passive. Dr. Del
linger, Independent Conservative, and E. L. Houff, Independent Republican, received but
few votes.
Escape op Prisoners.—On Friday night last,
about 7 o'clock, Gaorge Henderson, charged
with horse-stealing, and the colored boy, Wm.
Brown, charged with burning the barn of Mr.
Chas. S. Patterson of this county, on the Ist of
September last, made their escape from the jail
of this county.
When Geo. Henderson was arrested for steal
ing Mr. Kincaid's horse near Alleghany Sta
tion, —which occurred at the house of Mr- Jas.
Cross in this county or. the Bth day of October—
he gave his name as that of Robert Mosby. He
is a penitentiary convict who made his escape
some time since when working with other con
victs on the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad.
He engaged the colored servant, Wesley
White, in the employ of the jailer, to get him
some oysters. When he brought the dishes to
the door of the cell, as they were too large to be
passed through the hole in the door, he pre.
vailed upon the servant to open the door and
give them to him. When the door was opened,
he seized it before the servant succeeded in clo
sing it. The servant jumped on his head and
seized hold of him to prevent him from getting
out. A struggle ensued, in which the servant
was cut with a knife on the breast and arm by
Henderson. He took off his hobbles whilst in
the door of the cell. He extinguished the gas
so that all were in the dark. He and the colored
boy, Wm. Brown, made their escape. As they
got out they ran down the street hallooing fire
fire. Up to this time nothing has been heard of
tbem.
Mr. Chas. C. Carson, charged with killing D.
P. Clinebell, was in the seme cell, but remained
in prison.
Henderson may be recognized by the follow
ing description:
He is supposed to be about 25 years old, about
5 feet 5 or 6 inches high, complexion tolerably
dark, weighs about 150 lbs, short goatee, has an
anchor and chain stamped on one ana, and on
the other a flag and the letters "G. H." Has a
scar on his head in his roach, and one on his
thigh from a wound received in the war. He
articulates badly as if partially tongue-tied.—
When he left the prison he had neither hat nor
coat on. He wore a dark brown shirt with red
flowers on the breast.
"Good Words." —The November number of i
this excellent Monthly Magazine, edited by
Norman Macleod, D. D., and published by I
J. B. Lippincott Co., 715 and 717 Market St., j
Philadelphia, has been received. The subscrip
tion price of this Magazine is $2.75 per annum.
The contents of this number, like its predeces
sors, are of an interesting character. This is a j
cheap and excellent Magazine.
Pilgrim Exhibition. —Mr. J. A. Winton, j
tha gentlemanly Agent of the "Pilgrim Exhibi-
tion," visited our city this week, and it will be
seen by bis bills that he offers another opportu
nity to our citizens to witness this grand, beau
tiful and interesting Exhibition, on Friday and
Saturday nights next, at the Town Hall.
The letter of "Zariffa," which is published on j
the first page, contains a graphic and beautiful j
description of Weyer's Cave which wili repay
perusal. ______
Valley Turnpike Company.
The Annual Report of the President and Di- j
rectors cf this Company for the year ending
Sept. 30th, 1871, gives the following figures:
Amount on hand, per last report, $8,626.78
Toll, received during the year, 11,918,20
Inte-est received for loans, 243,00
Received on sale of lot at Staunton, 300,00
$21,087,98
Notwithstanding the extraordinary disburse
naents of the past year, there is still on hand,
■boat some $1800,00 in cash, besides solvent
bonds amounting to $1000,00.
The directory have changed the plan of keep
iog the road in repair. Instead of paying for
reek by the perch and other work by the day,
they have built a house on wheels, for the su
perintendent and hands to live in. The Direc
tors report that this plan of operation so far
has proven to be a great saving of cost in work
ing the road. __--«___,■-
During the last year the company has built
two first-class bridges, besides repairing other
bridges on the road.
The President, Sam'l rfhacklett, and the bu-
perintendent, Joseph Andrews were re-elec
ted—the salary of the former is $400, and that
of the latter $700. The changes in the Direc
tory we published last week.
Elopement.—The Marion Herald s-ays:—
"The qniet. inhabitants of Jeffersonville, Taze
well county, were thrown into considerable ex
citement last Thursday by the discovery that a
young gentleman of the place had stolen a
young lady and mtde off with her toward the
T—___oa line Both the parties are young,
IXh rela"ves of the young lady started m
auu iuv. nrrest them oeiore they
ZS&tSZ£ Th" lovers were too fcj
l the old folks, however, and reached the
g* vfaere marriage is made easy and in, sa.e
btate j a C Saturday, the 4th inst., Mr. Chas.
ty; and Jeff viU was married at
Painter, w fto MkmMey, daughter of
Sixteen Sold-J™ Killed-
A despatch from St. Louis, Mo. dated No
vember 11th, says A broken ra'i threw two
ears containing United State, recruits from the
track on the Northern Missouri Railroad. Ihe
cars were precipitated down an embankment,
and sixteen of the soldiers killed.
STAUNTON SPECTATOR AND GENERAL ADVERTISER.
I IST OF ADVERTISED LETTERS
__ remaining in the Staunton Post-Office, on
the 11th day of November, 1871:
LADIES' LIST.
i Albertson Miss P Henderson Fannie
Aler mrs M Jefferson, mrs H
i Alexander mrs Dolly Lans miss M
i Bondurant miss E Morris miss A
Baker miss C miss L
Brown Alary A —2 Miller miss L
Berkan tniss Maggie Perkin miss J E
Baker mrs Mand-y Perrie C
Brown mi6s If Page S C
Cole miss Millie Robinson mrs Eliza
Cary miss Juluy Read Charity
I Campbeil miss S J—2 Reynolds miss S A
Crawley miss Mattie Smith mrs Lucy
Campbell miss Susan T Smith AM
Dalhouse miss S M Smith miss M C
Ellyson miss N J Smith mrs S A
Fisher mrs Lou Stover miss M S
Fields mrs Emma Todd miss S C
Gibbs C Thompson Lettie
Gaskins mrs Lucy Wallace miss D W
i Goens Rachel Wortham miss M J
GENTLEMEN'S LIST.
1 i Armentrout John Hile W B
i Baker Dr Johnson E T
Bagby H W Jones S H—2
Brown Pat Kinney Jos—2
i Breman J—2 Kidd Jos T
Bailey Jos II Kinney M
Bryan J L Lesely Wm
Bross Jos Lunkins P H
Cook M C Lacy Oscar
Caperton Gu.-,ton Lewis David
Collins Wm Mowler H
Davis Jenefer Morgan George
Dolt Samuel Mays D P
I Dovel W P Mury Wm
Doriscal Daniel Polk N W
Edson N _ Perry George
Eubank G B Perkus J
j Fretwell Win Plunket J H
j Fish Peter Pevton Dr W F
Finley Henry Read R W
Farneen J Ed—2 Shannon H
Groobit J A Smith M W
Green H Smith Wm
Gratton Chas .Smith J A Sr
Greyer Wm Stephens Robt
Giles H Co Wilson G W
Hanger H M Weaver John W
Harris C D Wright John R
JD_f* Parties calling for Letters in tho above
list should state they are "advertised," in order
ito distinguish them from the regular mail. Ad
vertised letters will only be delivered to the par
ties addressed or on their written order.
E. H. SEARS, P. M.
_» _
True as Preaching.—No man who has had
any connection with the newspaper business
will question the truth of the following state-
Newspapers credit wider and longer, get of
tener cheated, suffer more pecuniary losses, are
oftener the victims of misplaced confidence,
than any other calling in the community. Peo
ple pay a printer's bill with more reluctance
than any other. It goes harder with them to ex
pend a dollar on a valuable newspaper than ten
on a gew-gaw yet everybody avails himself of
the editor's pen aud printer's ink. How many
professional and political reputations and for
tuncj have been made and sustained by the
friendly, though unrequited, pen of the editor?
How many embryo towns and cities have been
brought into notice and puffed into prosperity
by the press How many railroads, now in
successful operation, wouid have foundered but
for the lever that moves the world In short,
what branch of industry and activity has not
been promoted, stimulated, and defended by

Eight of Way in Harrisonburg.
On Monday night, the 9th inst., the Com
mon Council of Harrisonburg, by a vote of
eight to two, granted the free right of way to
the Valley Railroad from one end to the other
of German Street in that town.
The Register says:
"The right of way was granted against the
unanimous protest and remonstrance of every
property-holder living on the street through
which it is proposed to construct the road. We
I resume the Common Council were thor
impressed with the idea either that they
ot sacrificing or that they had a right to
c the interests and property of their fel
izens of German street without compen
or this great injury to their interests and
would not have been done."
LAL OF THE NEW YORK ELECTION.—The
of the election in the State of New York
seem to imply that the Democrats will
not tolerate dishonesty and corruption in their
own party, even when they may profit by it.—
In this they manifest more honesty than can
be claimed by the Ropublicans, who stick by
their party and party leaders, uo matter what
rascalities may be committed by them.—Rich
mond Whig.

Curiosities.—Mr. Geo. Aulick received a
few days since, from his son Dr. Hampden
Aulick, two ostrich eggs, which measure four
teen inches in circumference. Dr. A., who is
assistant surgeon in the U. S. Navy, is now at
I.neiro. Winchester Times.
y persons believe that the course pur
-1 South Carolina, is really designed by
vho direct »t, to drive the white people
uto insurrection, and thus create an ex
drive them all out of ihe State.

real estate of North Carolina is valued
at $68,240,509, exclusive of town property,
which is valued at $12,900,901, aggregating
141, 510. The total number of acres is
0,514.
nry Wolfe, a Kentuckian, recently com
-1 his one hundred and eighth ye_r with
aving known a sick day and then, not to
lo cieaa a bill of health, cut his throat,
liter Wade, eon of Col. J. J. Wade cf
tiansburg had his arm broke;! in two places
Lis shoulder dislocated whilst playing a
of foot-ball on Tuesday evening last.
"Home and Health."—The November
number of this Monthly Magazine devoted,
as its name indicates, to health and the home cir
cle, has been received. It is a welcome visitor to
our table, as it is a valuable publication. It is
published by De Puy, Holmes Co., 805 Broad
way, New York, ut the low price of $1.50 per
annum.
i- _
If you waat cheap and fresh family groceries
go to C. A. Richardson's, new brick building, on
Augusta Street, 2 doors from Main. It
sZ§~ New Goods just __c__vei>
AT GLADKE'S.
_S- Fine cut and twist tobacco very cheap at
the Kinney Bros.
_5U Kinney Brothers sell a good sound to
bacco at 20c a plug.
_2t- The celebrated Partagas cigar can al
ways be found at Kinney Bros.
Go to the Kinney Bros, and try their
new 5 cent cigar—the flavor is delicious.
Che*p Charley is selling splendid new
and fresh Furs at $3 00 a set.
Go to Gladkb's Dollar Stork and see
a fine selection of goods just received.
f S 7'M OUBKAL G_N C'G O
AT
BKRIOIXTSH'EEYRS.
Really, sir, you smoke fine cigars! I buy
them from the Kinney Bros'—they keep none
but the best.
__, Recollect that tVe Kinney Bros, keep
constantly on hand all the best brands of chew
ing and smoking tobacco in the market.
Mrs. Gladke has the finest and best se
lection of Ladies' Hats. Bonnets and Millinery
Goods in the State of Va.
_ ■—i 1—
The nest way to drive dull care away is
to go to Kinney Bros' and buy a bag of good
smoking tobacco, and tike a quiet smoke.
_»_
_®, Don't be humbugged with common auc
tion trash-. Buy your Furniture from the regu
lar house of S. M. Wilkes—set of good chairs
only $9.50. It
pg- Geo. P. Kowell _c Co., _So. 41 Park Row,
New York.—This firm is doing, without doubt,
the largest advertising agency business in the
world. Western Rural, Chicago, 111.
If you wish a pretty, neat and nice-fitting
shoe, go to Weller's. Mr. Munchausen Stem
borough never misses a fit. no?
Mrs. Partington were in Staunton, she
would buy her shoes at Weller's, and advise Ike
to go and do likewise. no 7
J__- Gentlemen will find at Weller's a full
line of the latest styles of Hats and Caps, fine
calf sewed Boots, Umbrellas, &c. no 7
11
j&9~ The largest stock and greatest variety of
walking canes evar offered in Staunton—from
25c to $10—at Armentrout Cos.
Boys, buy your Boots and Hats at Wel
ler's. no 7
Ladies, have you seen the latest sensa
tion shoe at Weller's. no 7
10 different grades i moking Tobaccos at
Armentrout Cos.
Wouden Pipes with stem, only Sand 10
cents, at Armentrout Cos.
$m~ 20 different kinds of chewing Tobacco
all grades—at Armentrout Oo's.
#s_t~ Cigars—all grades at Armentrout Cos.
pg~ Get the Best and you
w,ant to get the best and cheapest Furniture of
all kinds, send your orders to H. F, Zimmerman
So«, 518. 7tii street, Washington, D. Q, Or
ders filled promptly and satisfaction guaranteed.
oc2-l
J_r* It is no wonder Weller sells so _ many
Boots and Shoes, for it would be strange indeed
after looking through his extensive stock, not to
find something to suit in style and price. no 7
Farmers, before purchasing their Winter
Boots and Shoes ought to look at Welier's large
stock. He thinks it would be to your intere?t as
well as his own. no?
Benson's Salalem Broth is strictly a sci
entific and vegetable Compound, procured by
the distillation of Roots and Herbs. It is the
result of years of research, and is recommended
by the medical fraternity whenever it has been
introduced. It is warranted to cure all diseases
of the skin. For sale by all druggists. no 7
__, Writing School.—The useful and beau
tiful art of Penmanship presents a wide field ior
ladies and gentlemen of refined taste and skill,
and merits far more attention than it receives.—
It seems that the manner in which it is perform
ed should be a subject worthy of serious consid
eration. We regret to learn that there are some
who condemn writing schools, simply because
they have been imposed upon by some incompe
tent teachers who professed to teach the Spence
ri_n System of Penmanship and failed. Some
say tfcey fall back into their old style. What an
erroneous idea tjpon the same principle you
can forgei there is a God.
We teach free motion of the hand and arm.
We impart tile ?-udim.nts thoroughly. Come
and see for yourselves. G. W. Michael.
jffas- Twenty-five per cent, saved by using
Dooley's Yeast Powder in the preparation of
buscuits, rolls, pastry, etc., over any of tho or
dinary baking powders in market. This is oc
casioned by the full net weight in each package,
and the fact that it is composed of articles strict
ly pure, healthy and nutritious, which insures
satisfactory results every time. By using Doo
ley's Yeast Powder, thirty pound more bread
can be made from a barrel of flour, than by any
•ether process of raising dough, A trial will sat
isfy, any one of its standard excellence. For sale
by Grocers generally. no7-lm
j__f- Prices ok Furniture greatly Re
duced. —Persons wanting furniture would do
well to call on J. A. Y. M. Bickel before pur
chasing elsewhere, as we are determined to sell
our goods as cheap, if not a little cheaper, than
can be bought in the city. We are- now receiv
ing a large lot of new and stylish furniture, pur
chased in the Eastern cities for cash, and will
sell for cash for lesi than any other house in
Staunton. Give us a call.
We keep always on hand a large supply of
cane and wood seat chairs, bureaus, bedsteads,
washstands, tables, lounges, mattresses, and par
lor and chamber s„ts in walnut, mahogany and
oak, manufactured in our shop of dry material
and by the best of workmen. Give us a call.
Guarantee work to suit and prices to fit.
Fisk's mctalic cases and caskets always on
hand. Undertaking promptly attended to.
Main St., Staunton, one door above Lutheran
church.
Married.
In Staunton, on the 7th of Nov., by tho Key.
George B. Taylor, Mr. George R. Evans to
Miss Ann E. Bickle.
On Nov. Bth, near Miilboro Springs, by Rev.
R. P. Kennedy, Mr. John S. Dickinson and
Miss Lizzie P. Porter, all of Bath county.
On Wednesday morning, Nov. Bth, in Harri
sonburg, by Rev. A. J. Weddell, Dr. Wm. O.
Hill, and Miss Willieanna, daughter of Geo.
W. Effinger, Esq., all of Harrisonburg.
On October 3lst. at Stonewall Jackson Insti
tute, Abingdon, Va., by Revs. S. D. Stuart and
E. H. Barnett. Henry S. Preston, Esq., and
Miss Mary Stuart, daughter of Rev. S. D.
Stuart.
On Thursday, Nov. 2nd, 1871, at the residence
of the bride's "parents, by Rev. R. A. Blackford,
Thomas McCrf.ery, of Monroe county, West
Virginia, to Miss Kate M. S., daughter of Jo
seph C. and Charity S. Nichol, of Harrison
county, W. Va. The above couple graduated
at the Institution for tho D., D. and Blind, at
this place, several years ago.
DeatJis.
At the residence of her husband—Mr. R. A.
Houdershell—in Fauquier county, Virginia, on
Thursday morning the 9th instant, Mrs. Mattie
E. Houdershell—daughter of Maurice and
Eliza Parker, of Staunton, (formerly of Win
chester, Va.)—in the 28th year of her age.
She died in the triumph of faith in Christ, and
with a full assurance of her acceptance with
God. She leaves an infant and her husband and
many friends to mourn her death. Her remains
were interred in Thornrose Cemetery, Staunton,
on last Saturday.
f -——-_------—-_■ i"ffl'_rHl
SOMETHING NEW—Save the Hog
HAIR—I. M. Pinkes, Harrisonburg, Va.,
will purchase any amount of Hog Hair, for
which he will pay cash or goods. I wish to pur
chase ail kinds of Purs, such as Rabbit, Musk
rat, Mink, Coon, Fox, &c. Tnen bring on your
Hog Hair, Furs, &c. I. M. PINKES.
AGENTS:
Staunton, E. Rosenbaum.
Waynesboro, T. H. Antrim.
Fishersville, W. H. Wolf.
Afton Depot, R- Downer Co.
Churchville, ........J. Bear.
Harrisonburg *l. Pinkes.
nov7-_m'
ipiKEAP READINCi.- Cheap editions of
fj Dickons, Scott, Wilkie Collins. Thackery,
andj^eade^nov^ls^t^,^
I7IJNE STAT-ONEHY— aII the latest and
most fashionable, for sale by
HUNTER &CO.
OCHOOL HOOKA In I«g« quantities at
tj«L -_. .HUNTER COS.
Also agents for books used in public schools.
THE MARKETS.
Staunton Prices Current.
Corrected by C. A. Richardson, Flour Merchant.
WHOLESALE PRICES
[Fine, $5 50@$0 00
cw.,o .'Superfine C 75 690
*lojr Extm 725@ 725
[Family 7 50® 000
w„_ I Red, 145® 150
Wheat, j m te 1 55® 160
P^ v 1 Yellow, 0 70® 075
Gorn, j White 0 75® 080
Oats 0 45® 050
Rye 0 65® 000
Lard 0 12® 000
f Hog round, 10.® 011
».„_ Sides. 011 000
BAO0 Shoulders 010 000
[Hams, 013 014
Butter, 0 20® 025
Eggs 015® 016
Meal 0 90® 1100
American, 3 00® 000
SALT J Liverpool, 300 325
f Brown 010® 0 12
Coffee 014® 016
Sugar, Crushed 016 017
I Pulverized 017 000
[Granulated, 017 000
fßio 18a25c
Coffek-1 Laguyra 25a00c
I Java. 30c
f Black 1 50® I 75
T_ _■ J Green 2 00® 2 25
Tkas 'l Japan 150 175
[Gunpowder, 200 250
Molasses, 0 45® 0 75
Syrup, 060 100
f Pacific 58 00
GuANO j Peruvian 10000
Bone Dust 6000
Ground Plaster 1100
Lump 0000
Irish Potatoes °-°°@i..__
[Potomac Nett Herring, 10 00
Gross 8 00
FißH IN. C. Nett 800
Gross 6 00® 700
i- i
MicJmiond Markets.
REPORTED BY P. B. P. A. SUBLETT.
f Family $0 8 50
Extra 7 75® 8 00
(Superfine 7 25® 7 50
-to- Ar _ (White 165®
Wheat Red V Cs@
f White 78®
Corn Yellow, 78®
.Mixed 78®
Oats 58® 60
Flaxseed 1 75®
Bees Wax 35® 40
Eggs..... 30®
Potatoes —Irish..., 75® 00
Butter —Prime 30®
Butter —Common grade 12®
BAeON —IJog round 11®
Lard 13®
Peas—Black eye 000®
Hay—Timothy 1 20®
_.-*-«
Baltimore Cattle Market.
Very best beeves $5.00@5.75
Fair quality of beeves 4.50@5.00
Common to good stock cattle 3.87@4.50
Ordinary thin steers, oxen cows 3.00@3.87_
Old cows and scalawags, *2.75@
H0g5—55.75a56.50 per 100 lbs. net.
Sheep—good fat—4as_ cts per lb. gross.
Special Notices.
_
Re Guided by what you Know.
There is an old proverb which says, "Experi
ence is the safest guide." To this guide the sick
naturally turn when casting about for the
means of relief. They inquire what a modicine
has done for others, before they adopt it them
selves. Of all the remedies and preventives in
use, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters meet 3 the test
most triumphantly, and hence its immense pop
ularity and vast sales. The sufferer from indi
gestion is sure to find some one among his friends
who has been cured of that ailment by the fa
mous vegetable stomachic. The victim of fever
and ague, liver complaint, constipation, nervous
prostration, or general debility, has only to
make inquiry in the neighborhood where he re
sides in order to discover what this standard res
torative has effected in cases similar to his own.
In the public testimony to its merits ho will find
a volume of proofs of its sanitary properties,
which it is impossible for his common sense to
resist. He tries it, and the effect it produces on
his system adds another to the host of witnesses
in its favor. Thus, its reputation, founded on
facts, not assertions, continually grows and
spreads. Charlatans and imposters, some of
them mere local tricksters, and others who take
a somewhat wider range, attempt to thrust into
the hands and down the throats of invalids, their
haphazard concoctions, as substitutes for the ton
ic which for so many years has been a medicinal
staple throughout the United States, Spanish
America, Canada, and the West Indies, but on
ly succeed to a very limited extent. In this rea
soning age. the people, having ascertained what
is really deserving of their confidence, decline
"running after strange gods." no7-lm
CONSUMPTIVES
__. The advertiser, having
been permanently cured of that dread disease,
Consumption, by a simple remedy, is anxious to
make known to his fellow-sufferers the means of
cure. To all who desire it, he will send a copy
of the prescription used, (free of charge), with
the directions for preparing and using the same,
which they will find a sure cure vor Consump
tion, Asthma, Bronchitis, &c. Parties wish
ing the prescription will please addross
Rev. EDWARD A. WILSON,
264 South Third Street, Williamsburg, N. Y.
no7-ly
ROCKY
MOCNTAIS
TOSIC!
This splendid TONIC is offered to the public
with a sure guarantee that it will perform all it
promises. It has been used with signal success
in the treatment of AGUE and FEVER, DYS
PEPSIA, INDIGESTION, LOSS OF APPE
TITE, WEAKNESS, and GENERAL DE
BILITY. It strengthens and invigorates the
Muscular and Nervous System, Purifies the
Blood, by causing a more healthful assimilation
of food, increases the Appetite, allays every
symptom of Dyspepsia, and creates new life and
vigor to a debilitated and enfeebled constitution.
Manufactured by
HOUSE SULLIVAN,
915 Bank street, Richmond, Virginia.
For sale by Trout, Stribling Berkeley, and
others, Staunton, Va.
au22-ly
Without <Q"kaee
our trade
mark. N ***'^2_~ J
MONEY r CANNOT BUY IT!
FOB SIGHT IS PRICELESS!
But the Diamond Spectacles will preserve it.
If you value your eyesight use these PERFECT
LENSES. Ground from Minute Crystal Pebbles
melted together, and derive their name "Dia
mond" on account of their hardness and Bril
liancy. They will last many years without
change, and are warranted superior to all others,
manufactured by
J. E. SPENCER CO., N. Y.
Cone Hanger, Jewelers and Opticians, are
Sole Agents for Staunton, Va., from whom they
can only be obtained. No Peddlers employed.
ju2o—l2m.
ENCOURAGE a Home Enterprise.
Our house is the depository for the sale of
BROOMS, manufactured by Mr. J. W. Gilke
son of Fishersville. It is the Best Broom
iißOuaiiT to this market. Country and town
merchants supplied at manufacturer's prices.—
Mr. G. will purchase broom-corn or make it in
to brooms on the shares.
WOODS GILKESON.
SYBUP of the Phosphites,
J English Female Bitters,
Deßings' Viafuga,
Deßings' Pile Remedy,
Staffords' Olive Tar,
Forrests' Juniper Tar, at
Pr. WAYT BRO.'s
janS Drug store.
DIAMOND AND GOLD DUST,
Pomades, Satchet Powders and
German Cologne, at
Dr. WAYT& BRO.'S drugstore.
HOMOEOPATHIC DISPENSARY—
open daily from 12 M. to 1 o'clock, P. M.,
in the office of 'Dr. REED, over Richardson's
store. auß-tf
Special Notices.
AN Infallible Remedy.— We are now at
that critical season of the year when ex
cessively hot weather, and the free use of ice
water, fruits and vegetables, are most apt to cre
ate disorders of the stomach and bowels which,
if not checked in time, not unfrequently lead to
cholera, diarrhoea and dysentery. Whatever
the natural health and vigor of man or woman,
excessive heat is apt to produce languor as well
as inertne|| in the digestive organs, and if na
ture is notspeedily aided in tho performance of
her natural functions disease must fasten upon
the system. Dyspepsia, one of tne most
loathesome and annoying diseases known to the
human family, receives its vitality and gains its
power from disordered digestion. If taken in
its incipient stages it is easy enough to subdue,
but when it once gets a fair hold the patient is
forced to endure much before he can get perma
nent relief. Now, under these circumstances,
we ask if it is not passing strange that persons of
ordinary capacity oecome so short-sighted to
their own interests as not to avail themselves of
a certain and speedy remedy when they find
their appetites failing, their stomachs becoming
disordered and their digestion growing torpid?
And yet such cases may be found in every neigh
borhood, notwithstanding the fact that Baker's
Premium Bitters are known to bo an infallible
remedy for all such complaints—that they con
tain not a particle of mineral poison—and that
they are the purest, surest and most active tonic
known. When taken as per direction they erad
icate nervousness in all its forms, improve the
digestion, strengthen the stomach, purify the
blood and effectually expel all substances that
tend to produce biliousness or ague and fever.—
As a family medicine they stand unsurpassed,
while they give tone to the most debilitated con
stitution and vitality to the entire human frame.
Try them and test their merits for all diseases of
the blood or stomach. Sold by druggists every
where. E. BAKER, proprietor,
au22 Richmond, Va.
QTOP READ I REFLECT
S. m. WILKES
keeps constantly on hand an
elegant assortment
op
WALNUT MARBLE TOP, COTTAGE AND
all kinds of
PARLOR SETS OF FURNITURE.
-FURNITURE WAREROOMS-
Bedsteads, Bureaus, Washstands,
Sideboards, Secretaries, Bookcases,
Desks, Wardrobes, Cane and Wood-
Seat Chairs, Mattrasses, &c. All
new goods and warranted to be sold
lower than other parties' old stock
Undertaking promptly attended to.
Adjoining the Virginia Hotel, Staunton, Va.
auß
FEMALE INFIRMARY.— Doctor"B. P.
REESE, with a long and successful experi
ence of th? treatment of
"Diseases Peculiar to Females,"
has opened an INFIRMARY where Ladies will
be received for It is useless to men
tion the advantages to be derived from being un
der the constant supervision of the Physician,
in many of these cases. Experience ha 3 long
since taught, by the evidence of the best physi
cians as well as the Institutions of this charac
ter in the large cities, that this js the only way of
successful treatment.
Patients will be received as members of the
family, having every attention necessary for
their comfort and improvement. aul
HW. DOXNALLY,
Glove Manufacturer,
Near Lewisburg, West Virginia. The public
will bear in mind that I am still engaged in the
business of manufacturing the celebrated DON
NALLY GLOVES, and that I am prepared to
execute all orders for ladies and gentlemen's
Buckskin Riding Gauntlets. Half Hands, and
Gloves of all descriptions. Orders from a dis
tance are solicited.
A fine assortment can be found at the store of
Messrs. Roane Alby and at D. A. Kayser's.
janl7-ly
FREE SCHOOrBOOKS.-I~atn pre
pared to furnish
McGuffey's Spellers and Reader',
Davies' Arithmetics,
Guyot's Geographies,
Harvey's Grammars and
Webster's Dictionaries,
to Free School Scholars, at the prices contracted
for by the State Board of Education.
J. COWAN,
bookseller and stationer,
se§-tf New street, Staunton, Va.
NEW STORE"and CHEAP t;OOI>S
on the corner of Augusta and Frederick
streets.—l am now receiving a large stock of
new staple good?, consisting of cotton goods,
calicoes, plaid cotton, ginghams, bleach cottons,
also heavy woolen and tweed goods, boots, shoes,
hats, &c, queensware, crockery, tinware, wood
enware, also a large stock of groceries, all of
which I will sell at low figures for cash or ex
changed for all kinds of produce. Cash will be
paid for flour, wheat, corn, oats, &c. The farm
ers and everybody will do well to give me a call
before selling or buying ebewhere.
_sel9_ J. A. LOGAN.
PH. TROUT, F. T. Stribling, Jr.,
and FRANK B. BERKELEY having
formed a partnership, will conduct the drug bus
iness at the old stand of P. H. Trout, under the
"TROUT, STRIBLING BERKELEY,
who will carry on the business in all its branches
with renewed energy and with increased facili
ties. They offer inducements to all who may
need Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Coal Oil
and Lamps, Fancy Articles, &c.
Special attention given to compounding Phy
sicians' Prescriptions, which department is under
the control of F. B. Berkeley.
BLILDIXG LOTS FOR SALE.— I of
fer for sale FOUR BUILDING LOTS op
posite the Depot, and immediately West of my
new Warehouses. These lots will front 20 or 2o
feet toward the Depot, and run back 60 feet to
the new Street in rear of the Warehouses. The
purchasers will have the privilege of connecting
with the West wall of my. new building.
A credit of 5 or 10 years will bo allowed —the
purchaser paying a moderate interest, annually.
oc3l-8t ALEX. H. H. STUART.
LOOK TO YOUR INTEREST.—The
subscriber has returned to Staunton and lo
cated permanently at the old drug store, on New
street, for the purpose of conducting the Jewel
ry business, and will be pleased to see his old
friends and customers. He has on hand a nice
stock of Jewelry, Silver and Plated Ware,
which will be sold very low. Watches, Clocks,
and Jewelry repaired in the best manner and at
short notice. G. C. YEAKLE.
mar7-tf
HARPASDDOIIME'S Elixir Pepsin,
Strychnia »nd Bismuth.
Sharp Dohme's Ferrated Elixir Pepsin,
Strychnia and Bismuth.
Sharp Dohme's Elixir Calisaya, Iron and
Bismuth.
Sharp Dohme's Wine of Pepsin.
Sharp Dohme's Elixir Pepsin, Iron and
Strychnia, sold by
Dr. B. P. REESE CO._
HJ. LUSHRAUGH BR«„
Manufacturers of
Sash, Doors. Rlinds,
BRACKETS, MOULDINGS, FLOORING,
&c. &c. &c.
Near Chesapeake Ohio Railroad Depot,
Staunton, Va.
N. B. —No material but seasoned lumber used
by us. n029-lyr
A Large Stock ofScbool Boohs and
Stationery just received at Coioarf shook
store, New street, (North of the Virginia hotel,
on the opposite side of the street,) Staunton, Va.
J. COWAN,
Booksellers and Stationer,
ses-tf New street.
TO UPHOLSTERERS.—We have made
arrangements to keep constantly on hand a
upply of curled hair, mattrass and sofa springs,
mattrass needles, &c. Any quality of hair
cloth furnished at short notice.
WOODS GILKESON
riUTLEBY.- We have added largely, dur
\J ing the past week, to our stock ot Table
md Pocket Cutlery—some now styles, suitable
for Christmas presents—also a good stock of Rog
3rs' and Westenholm's scissors and shears,
WOODS GILKESON.
HYDRATE CHLORAL, Hydrastin, Po~-
dophyiin, Leptandin, Iridin, Boudoult's
French Pepsin, Purified Opium, Sweet Quinine,
and Lactic Acid, at Dr. WAYT BRO.'S
mar 22 Drug store.
(TARBOLiCTICOt'HES for Coughs,
J Colds, and Sore Throat,
Carbolic Toilet Soap—a superior article for
chapped hands at
Dr. WAYT BRO.'jS drug store.
rr«HE LARGEST STOCK of Scliool
_L BOOKS in tho Valley is at
J. COWAN'S, bookseller,
seo-tf New street, Staunton, Va.
PIANO FOR SALE.-A lady, being crip
pled with Rheumatism, wishes to dispose of
her Piano at sale. Enquire at "Spectator" Office,
augl—tf.
(latalognes ot* School" Rooks, etc.,
_« sent on application, by
J. COWAN, bookseller,
ses-tf New street, Staunton.
BLASK Ko6KS~&Tl7im7randum Books,
in large quantities, for sale by
HUNTER CO.
DIRJAMESILARE'S English F~eraale
i 3 Pills, at WAYT BRO.'S.
The only reliable Gift Distribution in the Country
60,000.00 in valuable gifls
TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN
t_ SINE'S
152 nd regular
Monthly Gift Enterprise,
To be drawn Monday, November 27th, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
£5,000 each In Greenbacks.
Two Prises #1000 _ niirrvnirrn
Five Prizes £_oO %~f\ k V
Ten Prizes $100 p* UJlUliiUJilinUt
WHOLE NUMBER OF CASH GIFTS. 1000!
1 Horse and Buggy, with Silver-mounted Har
ness, worth $600 one fine-toned Rosewood Piano,
worth $500; ten Family Sewing Machines, worth
$100 each five heavy cased gold hunting watches
and heavy gold chains, worth $300 each;
Five Gold American Hunting Watches, worth
$125 each Ten Ladies' Gold Hunting Watches,
worth $100 each 800 gold and silver lever hun
ting Watches (in all) worth from $20 to $300
each. Ladies' Gold Leontino Chains, Gent-
Gold Vest Chains, Silver-plated Castors, Solid
Silver and Double-Plated Table and Teaspoons,
Ivory-Handled Dinner-Knives, Silver-Plated
Dinner Forks, Silver Vest Chains, Photograph
Albums, Ladies' Gold Breastpins and Earrings,
Gents' Gold Bregstpins, Shirt Studs and Sleeve-
Buttons, Finger-rings, Gold Pens, (silver ex
tension,) etc.
Whole number gifts, 6,000. Tickets limited
to 60,000.
Jgf- Agents wanted to sell tickets, to whom
liberal premiums will be paid.
Single tickets $1; six tickets, $5; twelve tick
ets, $10; twenty-five tickets, $20.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a de
scription of the manner of drawing, and other
information in reference to the Distribution, will
be sent to any one ordering them. All letters
must be addressed to L. D. SINE,
Box 86, Cincinnati, O.
Office—lol W. sth st. oc3-7t
Wants.
WALNUT PLANK WANTED-IN
any quantities,
HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAID
BY
J. W. TODD CO.,
marl 4 Burwell Coiner.
TAROD ICE WANTED!
We will pay the HIGHEST market price for
FLOUR,
WHEAT,
OATC
and CORN.
J. W. TODD CO.,
june 27 Burwell Corner, Staunton.
WANTED.— To exchange~Dry~Goods7Gn7.
ceries, Boots, Shoes, Hats, U,ueen_war_,
&c, for all kinds of
Lumber, Shingles, Butter. Eggs. Dried Fruit,
Wood, &c.
GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
Our accounts are all made off up to the Ist of
January. Parties knowing themselves indebted
tothelateconcernofA.il. Taylor will please
call and settle.
jan!7 A. 11. TAYLOR A CU.
For Merit.
FOR RENT OR~SALE -That very desi
rable property situated about we-fo>trth of
a mile from the town of Staunton, containing
about 13 acres— the late residence of Col. W.
P. Tate, deceased. This is one of the most at
tractive homes in the Valley of Virginia, and its
convenient proximity to the churches, schools,
and society of Staunton, should commend it fa
vorably to a person of cultivated taste Apply
to SMITH ELDER,
Q—Ml Staunton, Va.
SCHOOL BOOKS!
SCHOOL BOOKS//
A FULL SUPPLY OF THE
>_S_ JE 3K _«_v__eb» :■__: si
USED IN
ALL THE SCHOOLS IN THIS SECTION,
AT
Hunter Co.'s,
BOOKSELLF.P.S,
STAUNTON, V-BGHfIA.
Also AGENTS for BOOKS used in PUBLIC
SCHOOLS of Augusta and adjoining counties.
Prompt, attention to orders.
N~ OTHJE.— 1 have fully secured, by Letters
Patent, my discovery for manufacturing
Steel—cast or malleable—from blast furnaces,
with converters attached, or in common forge
fires, in the United States of America, England,
France, Russia, Prussia, Sweden and Belgium.
I offer by royalty the advantage of my discov
ery to all manufacturers of iron and steel on fa
vorable terms and guarantee a success or no
charge, and in all cases in making a trial of my
process, where the trial is made under my per
sonal attendance or my representative, I will
make good by paying the coat of stock and la
bor. 1 manufacture malleable steel in any com
mon forge puddling or balling fires, without al
teration in the fires or blait cheaper than by any
known process now in use.
All letters addressed to me at Staunton, Vir
ginia, will meet with prompt attention.
LORENZO SIBERT, Patentee.
P. S. —I can give satisfactory reference
selQ-tf
NEW SIUUE and CHEAF <_OOD_T.
The subscriber, on the Bth of September
1871, having associated with him in btninW
Otveu Morris Goode,
the business will be conducted under the style
of O. C. MORRIS CO., at a new and commo
dious store room, in the stone building on Au
gusta street, first door below Powell's Corner
and two doors above the office of the Spectator
O. C. MORRIS.
We are now receiving a large stock of new sta
ple and fancy dry goods, also boots, shoes, hats,
queensware, and a general assortment of grocer
ies, all of wiiich we are determined to soil upon
the most reasonable terms. We respectfully so
licit a call and we will sell the goods.
_ _ O. C. MORRIS CO.
P. S.—My establishment on Water street near
the Market House is still kept open with Gro
ceries, a choice selection of liquors, tobacco, salt,
leather, &c. A call from old customers' and
others respectfully solicited.
se!2-tf o. C. Morris.
HORSE STOLEST-SIOO. Reward.-
Stolen from my pasture on the night of
October 20th, a dark bay bone, fifteen and a half
hands high, five years old hist Spring, a small
streak of white in the face, Roman nose some
white on one hind foot, and it may be on both
some white hairs in his flanks and upner part of
his tail, has sweeney in left shoulder.
The above reward will be given for the recov
ery of the horse and conviction of the thief or
$_o will be given for the recovery of ihe hor»e
HENRY B. SEIG,
0c24-tf Churchville^ A ugusta county, Va.
AMERICAN HOTEL
-Avery Stables, jfc_if_2^S^L
JOHN O'TOOLE, _..f3_HSSfc
My stables are constantly supplied with e'le
1 t h0 es carriages, buggies, hacks, &c., which
will be furnished to my patrons on most reason
able terms. Also good and reliable drivers sup
plied if desired. I can furnish livery equal if
not superior, to that of any other stable in the
State. Givu me a trial and I will guarantee sat
isfaction. JOHN O'TOOLE
de2o-tf
B 0 _ffi.ff*_ Hi
havo refitted their shop in the building op
posite the Spectator office, where they are better
prepared than heretofore to accommodate their
Customers. They will spare neither pains nor
money to turn out the BEST SI'EOIM «?\n (\v
WORK, which they, in all case., guarantee to
give satisfaction. Orders left with them will be
promptly executed. All their work is warrant
ed. Terms—Strictly Cash vurrant-
HUGHES MATHS. V,
marl 4 Staunton, Va.
GOLD PESS_We believ7They-are~the
best in market. Come and see them.
HUNTER CO.
DR. GUILD'S Green Mountain" Asthma
Cure, at Dr. WAYT BRO.'S
Drug stora,
Fl N E ST AT ION EBY-_lTiatesTl»tylos
at HUNTER COS.