Destructive Fire at imcago.
CHICAGO, October U.--Siittirtlay night's
fire was subdued after si loss of half mil
lion dollars. Vincent Nelson i' Od.*s
immense grain elevator was saved.
Another lire in (ho western distriel
c mimenccd atninc o'clock Sunday night,
two miles from tho ('nari House. Al
two o'clock tho fire had spread fearfully,
and he flames approach ed Telc?rroph
Onice and tho wires commenced fallimr.
Twenty Mocks haye been destroyed.
Tlio wind is Mowing a jralc from thc
south. Flaming brandsarc flyingover
Ufeicity,' threatening destruction every
where. Thc tower of the Court House
taj\Tlif n~n ?ouir a flying brand. Thc
tirp lias reached V.'e.-t Monroe, .street, a
ni>ie fr< m its origin Tho firo is beyond
flic?-ontrolof the firemen. Thoimmense
lumber yardSj .with tuc Creight depots,
have been humed. Tho loss already
amounts to many millions. The whole
city is threatened. Tho panie is inereas
ing. At. 2i o'clock tho telegraphers aban
doned*'the Western Union Telegraph
O??co.
"VVASK?iicrrox, OeTor.Kn P. noon.
Thirty-four blocks have hoon burned
and the tire is ?-till raging. Tho Mayor
of Chicago has sent a message to thc
Mayor of St. Louis, askintr food for the
sufferinir, saying the city is in ashes.
The water works were burned to the
ground, Other accounts say the Fre
mont' ?Touso. Post Office. Telegraph
bundine and Merchants' Exchange were
burned.
LATF?.-Tho fire is still meiner, and
spreading south. A railroad superinten
dent tele.-rraphs that the fire has roached
Wabash avenue, and is spreading rapid
ly. TTis location is three miles south o<"
Wabash avenue. TTo expresses tho opin
ion that tho fire will roach him before
nurhr.
The Crosby Opera House is destroyed.
Tlio loss is now estimated at fifty mil
lions. Tho Palmer House has been
burned.
Thc loss of lifo is unknown, but tho
streets aro filled with people, looking fi r
tho lost.
M.^dispn, Market. Clinton, .Telterson,
Bu?Tai? and C woM streets ave mined.
Both sido of .Jn'-o-.ro river are a mass oi
ruins. UTort-ito save the court house
r.nd ?'s work'; were futile.
.Thirty or forty vessels are bu minc
nov.-, and many have becu destroyed.
Ever- man in thc city is called upon to
do duty. Nearly!every bridgo over tht
Chicago river is burned. All is terror.
Bu ludo subscribes ono hundred thou
sand dollars; Cincinnati, two hundred
thousand, and St. Louis, seventy-five
thousand. In reply, tho Mayor asks fo?
cooked d for tho suffering. Firemen
from oilier cities are wi route to Chicago.
Great credit is given telegraph super
intendents for what they have done in
g( [ting communication from the doomed
city.
WASHINGTON, October fl, 10 p. m.
The conflagration still progresses. As
sistance is going from ail directions.
Railroads carry provisions on fast trains
free.
CHICAGO. October 9, 5 p. m.-Thc aw
ful work of destruction .--ill goes
with relentless fury, from Harrison street
in thc south to Division street in thc
north, and from tiie river to tiic lake, an
area of four miles long by ono wide. Thc
ilamc:; have swept everything before
them, ft is estimated that at least one
hundred thousand people are homeless
and in asuHcring condition. Tho streets
in districts still unburned arc lined for
miles with such household goods as
have been saved-from destruction. Mo>t
generous offerings of assistance in mon
ey, food, or anything wanted, are coniinjj
in from almost every city and town
throughout the country by telegraph.
Tho Mayor has responded to several oi
lers, asking that cooked food bc provid
ed as soon as possible i iremen are on
Ihcir way here from Cincinnati, St. Louis,
and o thur cities. The water worko are
entirely destroyed. Buildings arc now
being blown up on thc lino of the Uro io
ait; nipt to arrest its progress.
J.AT::.:*-It is now believed that thc
spread of tho lire southward has been
stayed a'. Harrison si iv L, bul on the north
sido, there is no diminution of its fury,
and that entire division of the city is ev
idently doomed U> utter destruction.
There aro grave leura that the Hames
may spread to the we?! r ide ot thc north
branch ol' thc river, and thc inhabitants
of streets nearest tlc- river ar.- already
moving to aplace supposed of grcalci
safety.
Tho Western Union Telegraph Com
pany havo now SIN. wires working casi
and south, running into a temporary of
fice at the corner of Slate and Sixteenth
streets. Tho Northwestern ItiilroadCom
pany arc running trains >n both of its
branches, which areerowded with fleeing
citizens.
lt is ii'.w positively asserted by some
that the waler works arc stiU intact, bul
that tho water has been shiit from :h<
south on account of Hie quantity used oi
tho north side. A reliable gentleman,
.ja-t Arrived from th north division.
bringo the joyful hitelligencc that civ
water w??rk.s aro uninjured. God gran
i: may p *oy? true.
Ls inipassiblonowipgivcun approx
imatetoa corrects ai nient of losses, lui:
aJaint idea may bo formed when
stitcd that every bank ia thc city, ex
cept tv." savings institutions ?!d
street, Lu the south.division, .-uni one on
Randolph street, in tho west divisi ni, ai
destroyed. All thc wholesale stores! all
retail "establishments, thc Post Office
Coure House, Chamber of Commerce,
every hotel in tho south division, ex?
tho Michigan Avenue ii:!, which i
9 standing ;i the ?xtremo southern timi
escaped, though badly scorched; and
every newspaper ofi?cc-:v- Trih
iHiiiding, v.Jilch was supp! ed
proof. '<'n illy sucefnmbc I-every cn re.
sire of -tif- iargesfc elevators, tho ini:ne::s<
depots o?-ilie Michigan, Southern ant
Illinois Gt ntral Fai?rpads: both thc a
sen'-'or and freight depots of thc latter
iii ?rc i':;-"' ri jcoro of chnrcries. andrntich
ol tho Hhippingi tho riv -?ll destroy
ed. Menu:.ow re millionaires yester
day morning ure nearly penniless to-day
but ni' "e ter] i bl than all, is tho -'certain
ty tha. many perished in tho (lames
How many, no t ne can tell perhaps
one will ever b> able to tell* ?nit it ii
kn- wn that: vtperished and ibero is
o'r?iy a hear', sickening fear that the vic
tims will eou"tc"l by seores. Hun
dreds ?j? ;e: and tibws have been
barned in sh: Mos and on tho nor) h -ide.
number* ol' animais, though released
from mont, were so bewildered
ando :i*'(; by thc sba of fl rp. which
f?urroiindc 'hem, tliatthcy rushed wild
ly ahn fro, mic: big cries of fright and
pain, ?ut?! torched and killed. Any at
t empi aVa ^ascription of thc r ene.: ol
rho appftllin-; cahiniity would be idle.
'i ii" ?implefact.that thc once grcatc-itv
Oj.' Chicago is destr ?ypd that hundredi
ot millions of active capital here liai
vanished, and nearly one-third of Chi
cago's inhabitants ure homeless and de
pendent-any attempt embellish
would bo m >ekery. As tins awful lay
draws to^a c'ose thousands of anxious
eyes watch t' e clouds of smoke, which
stilTro?l over the burnt district, willi ev
ideal dread that a sudden change of wind
htity'turn thc llames on that portion ol
tie- city yet spared. There sec?is, how
cvtr, little cause of apprehension of it,
?ind tirbnien from other cities are con
Ktantiy arriving.
Later From tin: i ire.
NEW Youie, October Jil, ripon.--Many
Insurance companies have temporarily
snspendod^to?00 how they stand. Ail
-viii pay ."-s rapidly as possible; and have
.'-I'II ?e.;:;: ?noilts to that etfect. The
Hfo inshrarTee companies have many mil
lion-: loaned upon real estate sceririty in
Ciucago, i nt is their rol?is t.> require
that the lund alone shall more than sc
cure the debt, they apprehend no loss.
The riirin <>f the lire was in a stable,
where a woman went to milk a cow, with
a ki ro.-icrie ianip.
A large njinibcr of firemen were killed.
Tin- 'oav'. a'oi'Mercy was burned. Pave
ments were bu ?"ned. Uno hundred squares
wore burie d in thc south division. A
huti'tred :tu>u-aitd employees arc >>'.ii
Tnpl?ynienf. The county records were
sriV'.^R^l/nt the eily records were lost.
U'vuiMrm':. def/,lui- lo, noon. A
II' MCS- rain :U Chicago put out "the (ile. I
Thi3 statement ls confirmed through reg
ular ?uni ollieial channels.
Steam engines and provisions arc go
ing to Chicago from ul] points. Nearly
cry theatre is playiug for the relief of
thc sullcrcrs.
VKKV LATEST.-All is burned north of
Harrison street, between the river and
the lake nortliward to thc extremo north
limit of the cit}*-not a building is left.
Kvcn the trees nf Lincoln park aro de
stroyed. Tho Government is bringing
all its resources to the relief of tho suf
ferers. All r??lrotidscarrv'supplies ?Vee,
l>y fast trains.
CAICAOO, October IO, noon.-The fire
continued to born all night on tho north
side, but tliis morning is under.control.
Nothing remains on that Mo from the
river north to Lincoln park, on the north,
and from thc north branch of tho river
on thc west to tho Inko on the o:ist. This
portion of thecity, except along tito main
river, where there were business blocks,
was occupied by dwellings, two-thirds
of the population being Herman and
Scandinavian. These people are now
houseless.
At throe o'clock this morning rain
came, which did not last loner, but the
roofs and ground wore wet. Fifteen hun
dr^d citizens wore sworn in as special
Dolice. The Ferlerai force was employer1
to gnard property. One hundred thou
sand rations have been issued.
LATEST.
NEW Yomc, October io, evening.-The
report that tire had broken out in Chica
ero, and was burning fiercely, ls.positive
ly contradicted by a dispatch from Gen.
Anson starer, of the Western Union Tel
egraph Company, now at Chicago, to
General Palmer,' Secretary of tho Com
pany here. Gen. Stager states that a fire
?tarted in a small house on Thirty-first
street, in the south division, this after
noon, but was snoodi Iv extinguished.
Tnoonri ?arios wore busy, 1 ?ut seven or eight
had boon hanged or shot at sight.
A careful survey of insurances to-day
shows that there were written on proper
ty destroyed over two hundred millions
of dollars'. Add another hundred mill
ion to this sum. and a fair estimate can
be roached of the los?.
All the leading merchants who have
boon s en. express n determination to re
sume business nt once. Tho T.vrnhm
?Tourna? ann" Tribitue hope to publish
small sheets to-morrow.
THE ADVERTISER.
Edgefield, s. c.. Oct. 12, 1871.
I mpo rt nut Resignation and Election.
Dr. Wm. !f. Tuft, the famousDmggis!
of Align ta, and President of tho Cotton
State M? 'bani Agricultural Fair As
sociation, from its o.-g.;:;i;*.atibn, lias late
ly rcs:trued this honorable position and
Mr. t\ J. Berkmans, the scientific Horti
culturist and Florist, has been nuani
:n..tis:y e'e-trd to lill Dr. T's. unexpired
term"; Dr. Tutl, it s< cms, is going to re
move from Augusta. We have known
bim long, and we can say with perfect
sincerity that any place which loses such
a citizen, sustains a very heavy loss in
deed.
As regards the Association, it has ex
changed an officer of high public spirit,
integrity and intelligence, for another ol
precisely the same desirable character
istics. M r. Berkmans, without any doubt,
will lill the place with distinguished use
fulness.
Thc Cotton Question.
Willoughby," thc New York
pondent ol' the Augusta Constitutionalist.
in his last letter touches on tho Cotton
question as follows
The present position and tho futun
prospects of cotton aie questions which
excite lunch solicitude and give a fever
ish, unsettled tone to the market. The
receipts at tho ports for thc crop year
show* a falling ott* of fillly -10 per cent.,
but ?iis is accounted for* by the asser
tions that tho crop is much later than
hist year, and that planters are disposed
lo hold back their colton for higher
prices, ii is also asserted, as working
against an advance in prices, that there
are immense accumulations of goods in
tuc hands of speculators, who are en
deavoring to duse them out, thus Inter
fering materially with spinners; that the
strikes and labor disturbances in Europe
will also tend to curtail the consumption
Ol'cottou, to which, as Having a similar
cii'cct, may bc added the rapid advance
hi the cost o? thc staple ariicb-s of food.
Hour naving risen si -;i barrel in tho past
week. As against these circumstances,
I it is elm med that tho natural growth o?
thc consumption ol' cotton in tue civiliz
ed world will fully make good their ad
verse iniluence that there is consequent
ly no good reason lo doubt that, at cor
responding prices, ns much cotton will
be \v:mtcd tor the years io come as was
Used in thc years just passed, while til
supply can scarcely fail to prove defi
cient heneo it is argued that a niue!
greater advan e in prices must ink
place.
?lau Cnils u iliilc Cr oui :t lintlooti.
I.'.i ISVII.I.I;. October3. Ala balloon
ascension to-day the balloon broke, pre
taatun ly, from thc fasti nings. Two men
sprung from the ar bul only caught Hu
?..?pcs and were carried oil*, duo fell
thirty feel, tl.thcr, I'rofossor Wilburn,
clung to the rope until thc balloon al
tainctl the heigh! ufa mile, when became
whirling to the earth. As he approached
tho earth he was feet foremost, ho spread
oui horizontally, doubled up, lu rued over,
and then straightened nut with his head
downwards. As lie struck thc earth ho
fell upon bis head and back. His head
was mashed into an iudLstinguishabh
mas.-;, mid his body was bruised und
crushed horribly. Iii- body madoan in
dent.:, ion in the groiunl eight inches deep
and i: rebounded four feet from where i:
?(truck. Wilburn's young wife and lit
tle daugh ter were on thc ground and wit
nessed Ibo lei l illie aii'air.
From Texas*
X?:WO:U.I:ANS. October ?0.-Tho Texas
Congressional election; as far as h. ar.
from, ives tho following D?mocratie
majorities.: First Dis, iet, livo ?.omitios.
Second, seven counties, :,..:'t;'; Third,
lirle n counties, "fill; Fourth, twenty
five counties, 'J,73"?.
N&ino I)i:nTSvAoAi:c.-Ar the las1
I' rm ot' the Ci tiri of fUVmm?ii Pleas fo;
utily, thc question of negro debts
?ts br ig'lii <!:!-'-c;!y before thc Court,
nut J been brought upon a note, whicl?
ras shown by the evidence to have been
dyt ri in;i art for the purchase money of;:
icgro slave. In charging the Jury, his
i tenor Judg? Orr stated that when elect';
i ?nice, he had taken ari oath n> the sup
port th" Cqnstitu??n ot ?his State; that a
jffiW?f thal Constitution expressiv fer
ia le Ihi collectionof debts, the considera
tion ot' which was tim purchase mono
of ;t siavc or slaves: that in Iiis opinion
thi clause was nol inconsistent with any
portion of thc Constitution cf the United
States, wi?ici? also ho had sworn to sup
port, and th tl therefore he was constrain
ed by the oath which ho had taken, to
charge them that they could not, consis
tently with law, liud? verdict for thal
portion of the debt which was for a slave
tie stated that he hada distinguished pre
c?dent in disregarding tho late decision oi
thc ?nprcinc ''orri of this State declaring
such debts collectable. That Judge Earle,
ia the case of tho Stale vs. McBride, and
nj in somewhat similar grounds, had re
fused to regard a -1-.< i.-i* -ii of tho then Su
preme Court, and had been sustained by
thc remodeled Supremo ?ourtwhich h? aril
the case on appeal!
Th".Jury w?re out but a few minutos,
and in their verdict ignored the negro
part of thu debt We dp not know who.h
an appeal will Cc taken.or not.-Green
ville Enterprise'.
rr.'-Tho Abbeville Press ct Bai?icr
says that the Executive Committee is
making due preparation for thc approach
ing Fair of tho Abbeville Agricultural
Society, wrdeh" will beheld on tho itfth
2 ?til ?nd 27th of October instant, and Wi!
spai'C no pains to make it a success, alike
cr< li table and satisfactory to all.
JTdi- At a recent trial in thc Circuit
Court'nfc Nashville in an interesting
breach of promise case, tim jury gave
Miss Francis Van Story ?10,000 worth of
substantial sympathy against .Mr. A. J.
Flynn.
A distance of twenty-live miles
along ihv Wabash Railroad, between
\i w Haven, Indiana,..nul Defiance, ohio,
has boen devastated by a eonJIagratjon
which nigod wilhoul abatement thirlv
oix hours.
Fire in The West.
CiucAOO, October 7.-Fires in thc
woods and praries are prevailing]ii every
direction, including Michigan, Illinois,
Wisconsin and Iowa. Aheavy rain alone
can stop thc conflagration. The country
is as dry as tinder.
MII.WAUKIK, October 7.-Fires aro ra
cing -worse than ever. Thirty men were
burned near Pcnsanki, which town was
burned.
From ."Mexico.
MKXICO, October 2.-Juarez was in
stalled President last night, amid great
excitement. No revolutionary demon
stra! ions yet.
MATAMOUAS, October 2.-There is an
other great revolution in Mexico, in the
State of Ncnva. Leon takes the lead.
The Governor of Nen va. Leon, nod all
i lie state officers, are leagued against
Juarez. It is expected that the move
ment will be seconded liv neighboring
States. Merchants hero and on the coast
are uneasy about cominp: events. Great
preparations are making at Matamoros
tor the defense of the city.
From thc Far West.
SAT.T LATCF CTTY. October fi.-Jndere
MeTCenn. in iidioornintr the errand jory
till November 18th, thanked them for the
work they bad done. TTo said of the im
portant indictments presented, manvnre
not vet known to the public "When,they
re-ns?emliled there would be more im
portant work to rio.
A special conference was held at the
Tabernacle vesferdav. Elffht thousand
Monimnsworo nresent. Federal official;
were bitterlv denounced. Brigham was
excited. TTo prayed for curses on the
Federal officials. He snid "I trust God
will keep vour powder dry? Don't fail
to have on hand a supply of fixed ammo
nition The repmlar semi-annual con
ference begins to-day.
?7$*"" TTenrv Ward Beecher is of the
oninion that the city government of New
York will be known ns loner ns Sodom
and Gomorrah are known, and largely
for the same reasons."
MAUUTEP. at Pleasant Lane, on the
evening of tho 5th Oct.. by tho Rev. D.
D. Brimson. Mr. W. E. PRESCOTT and
Miss ELLEN G. CULBREATH, all of
Edgcfield, S. f
Attendants:
Ml? ALICK CCMIHEATII, Mr. T.np STEVTXS.
*ixxin Yi.r.r KATH, TOMMI* Mn.i RR,
K.VTB DFVOHK. 11 .ToiINxn: MlT.I.EK,
STATTIE MERRITT, LI TOMMIE ??AMMOXP.
M ARV A VN Mois. .TojfjciK SnEPrABP,
Kl ur. WARRIA-, GEOSRK AKAMS,
WILLA Mniuarr, ABNEY MIM*.
From this marriage feast we received a
largo and superbly ornamented cake-a
cake thal wonldhavo graced thc recep
tion supper of the Grand Duke Alexis.
May thc rosiest blush of thc morning
life rest with glowing tints upon our
youug and valued friends, the bride and
bridegroom; and may its glory only give
way to thc mellow light of mature years,
unclouded by the shadow of a single
sorrow. May tho pathway of their life
lie without a thorn-garlanded only with
?Hire happiness and delight.
OBITTJABY.
JOHN MARTIN, Infant son of Dr. J.
M. and M. T. RusiiTOX, bom March27th,
died 6th October 1871, aged ti months and
8 days.
The sweet little sufferer has gone to
rest, i? Sutler little children toc?me un
lo mc and forbid them not, for of such is
the kinghorn of heaven." B.
J?^MM KU CIA L.
AUGUSTA, October IO.
SOLD-Buying atilt? and selling at 114.
COTTON-The market has been steady
and linn during the day, opening at yes
terday's closing (monitions, 17.?. The
demand bas been sufficient to take all
offerings, which were rather large, on a
basis of lli(? I7j for Liverpool middling,
Ht which ligure thc market closes, with a
strong leaning to the latter quotation.
Sales, 1,053 bales. Rcccight, 1,800.
BACON-Stock large and market un
changed; C. Sides, ?i? C. R. Sides.
Shoulders, Si; Hams, 15(&1$; Dry
Salt Shoulders, 8; Drv Salt C. ll. Sides,
-1 I'. S. clear Sides, U.
I ORN-Prime white is selling at OS cts.
by thc car load from depot retail, $1 00.
WHEAT-We quote choice white, SI S5;
am lier, *1 7.",.
''LOUR-City Mills, $7 T.Of?-10 at re
tail, 81 'r> liarr?l higher. Country, -J7 ">0
according to quality.
I ?KN M EAL-si at wholesale; $110
at retail.
OATS-55(5'M.
Buy Your Tickets!
Wc have tiie Agency for the sale of
Til 'K KTS in the Grand Land and Immi
gration scheme of Messrs. IJUTT.KI", 'ir.\n
WH M,< JAI:Y .V. !o.
("all early and secure (he lucky Ticket
Thc Drawing will positively beheld in
Charleston, mi (?ie sib .lattiiarv next.
MA Riv RUT A OLTSP.Y.
u.-i. ii tr -iii
To my Edrjefieki Friends.
?would respectfully notify my KdgC
field Friends that I have returned lo
Augusta, and have engaged with Messrs.
Kean. Landrain A' Co., in the Dry (binds
business, at tiie we!! known stand forni
erlv occupied by'Messrs. II. F. Russell
iV Co.
Kean, Landnun ?fcC 'vt; received a
magnificent Stock ol' and I will
bc most happy to sho' em to all who
wiil favor ns with a ca
Verv, Respcctfnllv,
JAM LS M. ANDERSON.
Oct. Il tr -12
Oiiiois Netts! f?cnUm Setts!
l? CST received TWO BBLS. ONION
SETTS, White, Red and Yellow. If you
wish to produce thc largest size Onions,
tins is the proper time to plant your
Setts. For sale by
G. L. PENN, Druggist.
Oct tl tf 42
NOTICE"THIS
?IT?LL he sold at Public Sale at Edge
field C. H.. on the First Monday in
November next. bv consent ol' Legatocs,
thc VALUA RLE PLANTATION ol
MIENA A. PITTS, decca-.e,|. being in
-mc mile of Ridge Depot, C. C. A A. ll.
i?., containing
Five ii nuil re ?I unit Fifty Acres,
Vdjoininjr hinds of R. B. Watson, B. T.
IVKitwright, Thos. Smith, Dr: Lewis As
.i!l and others.
Hus place is a commodious and well
furnished Dwelling House, nearly new.
Gin House, Screw and necessary oui
buildings.
Titi i> one of the most valuable places
in tho County, nearly nil the land being
level, and of the best' quality, and sufii
:icnt Land to employ thirty bands is in
cultivation.
'linns nf Sale-One half Cash, to be
paid in thirty days from sale; remaining
half twelve months from payment ol
first half, to be secured by Note and
Mortgageof premises; or olhcrsutisfucto
ry security.
Can"bo treated for privately until
lav of sale.
TI IOS JONES,
M. M. PITTS,
for Legatees.
Oct. 11 ?it -12
W. J.
5
"Ile lam}} Ian,"
Successor to the Late Wm. Hill,
Ii>3 Broad Sired,
AAigrista, Geo.
W.T. FA RR, "The Lamp Man,"
Successor to thc late Wm. Hill.
103 Broad Street, (opposite tho French
Store,) lias secured thc service!.?, of the
long and favorably known J. A. GUR
LEY, and will continue to keep
AE?iiost Everything,
(oxcept Dry Goods,) that has ever been
found in any one Store in the Southern
States, from a Needle' to a Plow.
CROCKERY, GLASS,
Tl X and WOODEN WARE,
CUTLERY and PLATED WARE,
LAM I'S, Lamp CHIMNEYS,
KEROSENE and MACHINE OILS.
And expects to keep up his former repu
tation for Selling Cheap and Telling the
Truth.
^SfirLook out for his FLAG over tho
Street.
Augusta, Oct 4 3m 41
IVotiec.
>Yordcr of tho Court, Twill sell on
_y Sales-day in Nov. next, tho uncol
lected Choses in Action belonging to the
assigned Estate of S; F. Coode.
Term? Cash.
W. J. READY, Assignee.
of S. F. Goode.
Oct. 11 Jt Hi
Goods for the Fall Trade
0. F. CHEATHAM
No. 1, Park Row,
Begs to inform his Friends and Customers that he is now
receiving- thc Best Selected and most Complete Stock o?
FALL and WINTER GOODS he has ever offered in Edge
field.
My Stock consist.-: in part as follows
Brown and Bleached SHIRTINGS an.l SHEETINGS,
Domestic STRIPES mid Factory YARNS,
Large lot of French and American PRINTS.
Also, full line3
Ladies' Dress Groods,
In all the latest styles and cheaper than the cheapest.
-ALSO.
200 Doz. Coats' White, Black and Colored THREAD, at 90 cts. per Doz.
A full stock White, Red and Opera FLANNELS,
Large lot Ladies and Misses' Si (AWLS, all colors,
Children's SACKS and HOODS in great variety,
Black and Colored KID GLOVES, a genuine article,
Ladies' and Children's Cloth, Berlin and Lisle Thread GLOVES,
Men's Kid, Dog and Buck GLOVED and GAUNTLET'S,
A splendid line'Woolen and Cotton HOSIERY.
Ladies' Trimmed and Untrimmed HATS,
A beautiful selection of WHITE GOODS, in great variety,
RIBBONS,-all kinds, i /en- handsome,
A full stock TRIMMING BUTTONS, etc.
A fine stock LINSEYS, KERSEYS, SATINETS, CASSIMERES, &c.
Men's and Boy's HATS, a large lot, both Wool and Felt,
?hoes. Shoes.
I have given this Department my special attention, and offer them much
lower than they have been sold in Edgefield since the war.
Glass, China and Crockery Ware,
A large and varied assortment, and cheaper than since the war.
HARDWARE AND CARPENTERS' TOOLS,
A splendid assortment and very cheap.
TIN, HOLLOW AND WOOD WARE,
Imported and Domestic Segars, Smoking and Chewing Tobacco
Sugar, Coffee, Teas, Molasses, Syrup, Cheese,
Maccaroni, Crackers, &c, &c"
All of which will be sold very low.
COTTON. COTTON.
1000 Dales Coi ?OM Waisted, and will pay thc
Cash, and Augusta Prices, Freight, &c, deducted.
0. F. CHEATHAM.
Edgefield, S. C., Oct ll tf 42
~~GRAND PRIZE DISTRIBUTION
TICKETS TO THE CONCERTS
OF THE
i UM AND IMMIGRATION ASSOCIATION,
Ready for Sale and Deliver/. Orders promptlv filled.
S. S. TOMPKINS, Agent.
Oct ll tf 42
Sheriff's Sate.
Cook ?6 Bcrrv,
vs Fi. Fa.
A. P. Norris. J
BY virtue ol' an Execution to me
directed, in Hie above stated case, 1
will sell at Edgcfield C. 1!.. '?ii Hie first
Monday in November ;iext, thc follow
ing property of thc Defendant, A. 1'.
Norris, lo wit
ONE TRACT OF LAND, containing
Two Hundred and Five Acres, more or
less, adjoining Inndsof fJenrgeShiirpton,
Samuel Glover, Sarah Morrisnnd others.
Tenus 'ash. Tilles and Slumps extra.
JOHN II. MCDEVITT, S.E.C.
Oct 12 II 12
Sheriff's Sale.
Elijah Keese, Assignee, "I
vs Fi Fa.
Lewis J. Miles, J
BY virtue of a Writ of Fi Fa lu mo di
rected, in the above staled wisc, T
will proceed to sell at Edgcficld 0. H.,
onthe first Monday in November next,
thc following property of the Defendant,
Lewis J. Miles, to wit:
ONE TRACT OF LAND, containing
Three Hundred Acres, more or less, ad
joining lands ol' Mrs. Mary S. Miles, B,
F. Lnudrum and others.
Xxl-Terms Cash. Titles and Stamps
extra.
JOHN ii. MCDEVITT, S.E.C.
Oct 12 4t -12
Stale o fi' saut Ss Carolina,
Kl><!EFIELD COUNTY.
D. L. Turner, j
Judge of Probate, I Foreclosure
vs j of Mortgage.
R. W. RI ed soe, J
BY Virtue f?l the Decree of Foreclosure
in this action. 1 will sell to thc high
est bidder at publie outcry, at Kdgcfield
H., on the first Mondav in No%'emlJCr
next, the following lt KAL ESTATE,
viz:
THE TRACT OF LAND whereon the
Defendant reside.'; in said County and
State, containing Two Hundred Acres,
more or less, and bounded by lands ol'
Henry Hart, Jesse Hart and others.
TERMS.-The eoMs and one-half the
purchase money to be paid in Cash. Tho
balance ol' the purchase money on a
credit ol' twelve months from day of sale,
with interest from said date Thc credit
portion of the purchase money to be se
cured by thc bend of the purchaser ?nd
a mortgage ol' thc premises sold. H .mps
and titles extra.
JOHN H. McDL ITT, S.E.C.
Oct 12 4t 42
State of South Carolina,
EDGEFIELD COUNTY,
IN PRO J)A TJ? CO UUT.
Mary Morgmi,
Evan Morgan,
Joseph Bussoy and wile et al, Petition
vs for
fioo. W. Nixon, Exor. I Partition.
A. P. Morgan,
John Nixon and wife ct al. j
BY virtue of an order from thc Hon.
D.L.Turner, Judge of Probate, in
the above cause, 1 will sell at Edgcfield
Court House, on the first Monday in No
vember next, at public outcry, to the
highest bidder, the following Lands be
longing to the Estate of DRURY MOR
GAN, late of stud County deceased, viz:
Tract No. 1, containing.Three Hun
dred Acres, moro or less, adjoiningTract
No. 2 on tho East, and bounded by Sa
vannah River on tho West.
Tract No. 2, containing Two Hun
dred and Seventy Acres, moro or less,
and adjoining Tract No. 1 on thc West
and Tract No. 3 on the East.
Tract No. 3, containingTwoHundred
Acres, more or less, adjoiningTract No.
2 on tho West and Tract No. 4 on the East.
Tract No. 4, containing One Hundred
and Fifty Acres, moro or less, adjoinin;
Tract No. on thc West, and lands of the
Estate of Jamos Tompkins tm tho East.
Thc Parks Tract, containing 'One
Hundred and Sixty-Seven Acres, more
or less, adjoining lands ol' W. T. Parks,
Joseph Holiday and others.
TERMS.-One Third Cash. Tho bal
ance on a credit of twelve months, with
interest from day of sale. The credit
portion of the purchase money to bo se
cured by the bond of the purchaser and
a mortgage of thc premisos sold.
Titles and Stamps extra.
j. u. MCDEVITT, S. E. C.
Oct 12 4t 42
Oils! Oils! Oils!
JUST Received a good supply of all
kinds of Machino Oils, of tho best
quality. For salo by
.G. L. PENN, Druggist,
State of^feutl? Carolina,
EDG?F?ELD COUNTY,
CO XT RT OF OMMON PL E. 1S.
P. L. Turner,
Judge ol* Probate Foreclosure
vs of Mortgage.
Janus Rushton. j
pY Virtuodf th? Dooroo of Foreclosure
SJ in this action, I will sell to tho high
ost bidder at public outcry, at Edgcficld
Cohrt House, oh Stile-day in November
next, all that TRACT ?ir PARCEL OK
LAND situate in the County and Statt
aforesaid, containing Ono I fund red and
Twenlv Acres, moro ur less, ndjoinin;
lands of Allison Doloaeb, Mark Ethor
edge and ot horst
TERMS.--The Costs and one-half Of
Ihe purchase money io be paid in cash
I Thc balance of th? pu reliase; mon -y on
I credit lill tho lirst of January 187^, with
linierest from day of sale. The credit
portion to lie secured by the bond of thc
I purchaser; titles to bo executed but not
I delivered till thc credit portion of the
pin chase money be paid, and If iL he not
paid when duo the property to be ro-sold
lor cash. Stamps and Titles extra.
j. IL MCDEVITT, S. E. C.
Oct 12 4t 42
s Ult v o?* Soiitli Carof?iin,
EDGEFIELD COUNTY,
T. H. Clark
Emeline Edwards, ct al Petition
vs I foi
Hillery A. Clark, Partition
Joseph A. '.'lark, Adm'ors.,
et al
BY viii no ol'an order of tho Hon. D,
L. Turner, Judge of Probate, in thc
above staled cuse, I will sell to the high
est bidder, at Edgeficld Court House, at
public outcry, on"Sale-day in November
next, thc following Real Estate belong
ing to thc Estate of B. E. CLARK, de
ceased, viz:
'J'ract No. 1, known as thoHomestcad,
containing Ono Hundred and Ninety
Eight Acres, more cr less, adjoining land
of Thornton Coleman, W. P. Trotter,
Estate Henry Trotter, and other!
Tract No. 2, known as the Ethcrcdgc
Tract, eonlainingTwo Hundred and Th ir
ty-Five Acres, morn or less, adjoining
lands of Thornton Coleman, Tract No. i,
Instate of If. Trotter ami others.
These lands are well watered and well
timbered willi Oak, Hickory and Pine,
and each Tract has oh it a quantity of fine
Creek and River bottom lands
TERMS.-The costs of suit and expen
ses of sale to bo paid in cash. The bal
ance of thc purchase money on a credit
of twelvemonths with interest from day
of sale, to be secured by Bond of tho pur;
chaser with two good sureties, and ti
mortgage of tho premises sold.
Stamps and titles extra.
J. ii. MCDEVITT, S. E. C.
Oct 12 4t 42
TJ. S. Internal He venue,
ASS'T ASSOII'SOITICK, >d Dis. S. C.
CoLUMIHA, 5th Oct. 1871.
NOTICE is hercbv given to all parties
interested, tluit tho following de
scribed packages of Spirits have been
seized for violation of tito United States
Internal Revenue Laws, and that bonds
for costs of an action in tho U. S. Court
for forfeiture must bo hied in thc Collec
tor's Office ?rd District S. C., in thirty
days from this date, or thc property will
bc sold under the provisions of Section
o'3, Act July 18th, lso'li:
Ono Thirty Four Gallon Barrel
Spirits,
One ll) Forty-One (.'allon Barrel Spir
its, seized near'Distillery of Wm. Atta
way, Beech Island, 3rd September, 1871;
Ono (80) Thirty Gallon Barrel Spirits,
One (43) Porty Three Gallon Barrel
Spirits, seized two miles from Distillery
of Wm. Attaway, Beech Island, Edge
lield County, South Carolina, ?rd Sep
tember, 1K71.
G. A. DARLING,
Asst. Assessor and Special Deputy,
1st Division, 3d Dis. S. C.
Oct. ll, 3t 42
Residence For Sale.
THE Subscriber is desirous of selling
his VALUABLE RESIDENCE in
the Town of Edgelicld, and will sell at a
bargain and on reasonable terms. Tho
Dwolling is largo and comfortable, and
conveniently located; tho out buildings,
Kitchen, Sinoko-Houso, Barn and Sta
bles, are all in good order and the Land
attached to the premises (12 Acres,) is
very valuable ana produces well.
7ifiS~ If you wish ti desirable Town
resilience, and ono at low figures, apply
soon; JOHN COLO'AN.
Oct. ll tr 02
Grand Opening
ON TUESDAY, OCT. 10th, 1871,
AT
MRS. LECKIE'S,
Augusta, (?a.
A VIN G just received the HANDSOMEST STOCK OF GOODS it has
ver been my pleasure to exhibit to my customers and the Ladies generally,
take this method of informing them that on Tuesday, Oct. 10th,
will ppen all the Latest styles of French BONNETS and HATS, and
be Ladies may rest assured that I will, on that occasion, offer the LARGEST
nd FINEST STOCK OF GOODS in my line ever offered in this Uty.
My Stock consists in part of Rich and Elegant Pattern BONNETS and
IATS of the Latest styles imported.
Rich and Beautiful Sash and other RIBBONS,
French FLOWERS, very choice and fine,
American FLOWERS, verv prettv,
Ostrich PLUMES and TIPS, all colors and prices,
Lace COLLARS and SLEEVES,
Linen COLLARS and CUFFS,
Real Hr.ir BRAIDS, CURLS, CHIGNONS, fte., ?fcc., of all the latest styles, a large
v.d .splendid Stock.
lmmitation HAIR BRAIDS, CHIGNONS, SWITCHES, etc., &c.
Tortoise Shell, Jet and Gilt JEWELRY, a fine assortment of the leading designs.
A few Sets of Coney and Alaska ?link FURS, which my customers may rest as
ured are frosh, liavif been selected in person this season.
VELVETS, SILK'S, LACES, CRAPES, Children's Merino HOODS, BOWS,
UARFS, and in short everything kept in a Millinery Store.
Thanking my Edgefield Friends and public generally lor the very liberal patronage
eretoforc bestowed, I respectfully solicit them to give me a call this season.
MRS. LECKIE,
171 BROAD STREET,
AUGUSTA HOTEL BUILDING.
AUGUSTA, GA.
Oct. ll 2m 42
1871? FALL. 1871?
KEAN, LANDKAM CO.
B
5
EG leave to inform the citizens of Edgefield and vicinity that they are
?ow in possession of the Store, No. 209 Broad street, lately occupied by Messrs.
F. Russell Co., and have ready for sale a general assortment of first
?lass DRY GOODS. We will not attempt to enumerate all the different
irticles, but will call special attention to our
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT,
EVhere may be found full lines of Bleached and Brown Sheetings and
Shirtings; Osnaburgs, plain and striped; heavy Cotton Plaids, Domestic
Jinghams, Cotton Flannels, etc., &c.
WOOLEN DEPARTMENT-A splendid assortment of red, brown and
?rey BLANKETS, Georgia Plaina, Kentucky Jeans, Sattinets, Fancy Cassi
neres, Black Doe Skins, Linseys, &c.
DRESS GOODS of every description, from the lowest to the finest. Our
?tock of SHAWLS, CLOAKS, OPERA JACKETS and FURS cannot be
turpassed. In our Notion Department we intend to keep every thing called
br.
We cordially invite our aid friends, with whom we have had such pleasant
ntercourse for the last fifteen years, also those we have never had the
pleasure of serving before, to an examination of our stock. We will* do all
n our power to render shopping" both pleasant and profitable to our cus
oiners. We open regularly next Monday morning. Come and see us, one
md all.
We are Agents for R.- J. Roberts' Parabola Needles and Scissors.
KEAN. LANDRAM CO.
P. S.-We will send Samples nnr} r.ay the Express on all bills at retail for
imounts over Ten Dollars.
August.i, Ga., Oct. ll 3m 42
Carolina
DRY GOODS STORE.
Domestics at Factory Prices
POWELL MULLER
No. 189, Broad Street,' Augusta, Ga.,
Next Door to Constitutionalist.
?ir,
W E have just opened our New Iron Front Store, with a large and com
plete Stock of
SILKS, HER].YOES, EMPRESS CLOTHS,
M'A CAS, ROTOIMZI?YES, POPLLY*,
DE LAIRS, CLOAKS, SHAWLS,
BLANKETS, COMFORTS,
BROADCLOTHS, CASSIMERES, JEANS, KERSEYS,
ll/LIIONS, SASHES, GLOVES. HOSIERY, NOTIONS, dc.
Having bought our Goods where they were Cheapest, we intend selling
them at tho Lowest Prices.
POWELL MULLER,
No. 180, Broad Street, Augusta, Ga.
P. S.-We would be glad to see our friends and acquaintances, and the
lublic generally, and we here assure them that every effort will be used to
.'ive entire satisfaction.
WALTER POWELL, formerlvof Barnwell, S. C.
WILLIAM MULLER, formerly of Columbia, S. G.
Augusta, Oct ll tf 42
1
AND
PLATATION SUPPLIES.
MIES ii. BAILIE BROTHER
WING set their STORE in order, and having received a Large Supply
>f the BEST GROCERIES, &c, that can be bought for money, now offer to
heir customers and the trade, a large Stock of FRESH GOODS, viz:
Stuart's, Cut, Crushed, Granulated, A, B, C and Yellow SUGARS,
Java, Laguayra, Maracaibo and Rio COFFEES,
Green and Black TEA, of Best Quality,
Stuart's SYRUP, GOLDEN DRIPS and MOLASSES,
Sugar Cured HAMS, Breakfast BACON, New FLOUR,
Factory CHEESE, English Dairy and Dutch CHEESE,
Gilt Edge Goshen BUTTER, Prime Leaf LARD,
CANNED FRUITS, PRESERVES and JELLIES.
English CRACKERS. English Albert BISCUIT, Fresh,
American CRACKERS, of all kinds, Fresh,
MACKEREL, CANDLES and SOAPS, of all kinda,
BACON, Sides and Shoulders Liverpool SALT,
BAGGING, of all kinds, and TIES,
WINES and LIQUORS, of first quality.
WE HAVE ALSO ON HAND A LARGE STOCK OF
Iarket, Fancy and Traveling Baskets, Tubs, Churns, Buckets, Trays,
traw Brooms, Feather Dusters, ?oun?cr Brushes and Hearth Brooms,
FRESH GOODS RECEIVED EVERY WEEK.
Lnd our customers can rest assured that Ave will do our best to please.
JAMES G. BAILIE BROTHER,
205 UKO AD STREET.
Augusta, Ga., Oct. ll 6m 42'
lYotice.
rHOSE desirous of riding in the G rand
Tournament, which is to take place
t the State Fair, at Columbia, S. C., on
Vcdncsdnv tho 8th dav of November,
State of South Carolina,
EDGEFIELD COUNTY,
i-iV THE. CO UR T OF PROBA TE.
Wednesday tho MU ?lay oi 1Y\ 1 T)Y D. L. TURNER, Esq., Judge Pro
rpximo, between tho hours ot 11 ami 4, j) )mto Court) of Kdgelield County,
.ill nlcaso correspond with Mr. L. Has- whcreaS) james Neal bath applied to
ll Gibbes, Secretary ot this Board, who mfl for L(,ttors 0f Administration on the
.ill inform them as to tho rules, regula- Kst.lteof Nancy Neal, late of said County
ons, and all matters pertaining thereto.
A. C. HASKELL,
M. C. BUTLER,
J. B. PALMER,
THOMAS TAYLOR,
WILLIAM WALLACE,
Managers;
Oct. ll 2t 12
Saw Miller Notice
rHE prico-of TMinhor at my Mill from
and altor thi< ?lato will ho as follows
.$.r), ?s and ?K), Cash on doHvery at tho
till. W. W. ADAMS.
Oct, U i 42
dcc.'d.
These aro therefore to cite and admon
ish all and singular, the kindred and
creditors of the said deceased, to bo and
appear before mc, at a Court of Probato
for thc said County, to be holden at Edge
lield C. H., on the 23d day of Oct., inst.,
1871, at 10 o'clock A. M. to show cause if
any, why the said Administration should
not be granted.
Given under my hand and thc Seal of
tho Court. this 7th day of Oct. A. D.
1871, and in tho 9Gth yoar of American
Independence.
D. L. TURNER, J. P. C.
Oct, ll 2t 42
IMPORTANT TO EVERYBODY.

IM -AT
t. Li
J
ii> ti
J. H. (HEATHA?'S!
NEW FALL Al W1WI fiOdi^
150 Pieces PRINTS, from 8 to 121-2 Cts. per Yard.
100 Pieces BLEACHING, of the favorite brands, w
Splendid Yard Wide BLEACHING at 12* cts. per yard,
CANTON FLANNELS,
SHEETING and PILLOW CASINGS, of different branda.
1 Bale White OSNABURGS,
1 Bale Grantville 7-8 SHIRTING,
1 3-4
1 JEANS,
Sea-Island SHIRTINGS of all grades and prices.
Splendid Stock of Checked aad Striped OSNAB?BGS!
For the Ladies.
I have a complete stock of Black ALPACA,
Beautiful Striped French POPLINS,
Figured Mohair LUSTRES,
Figured DELAINES,
Black and Colored all wool DELAINES,
Beautiful assortment Nillson SACKS and TALMAS, Llama Fringe,
Balmoral Skirts,
Gloves and Hosiery, a great variety,
Ribbons of all widths and colors,
Sash Ribbons, black and colored,
Velvet Ribbons, black and colored,
Roman and China Crape Ties,
Hoop Skirls, Corsets, Switches, Chignons, &c.
LADIES' HATS
Of all the latest styles. Turbans are most worn.
Buttons, Silk Trimmings,
Braids, white and colored,
Jaconet and Swiss Edgings,
HOODS AiVD NUBIAS.
Cuffs and Collars,
Children's Leggings and Stockinga,
All Wool SHAWLS,
India Rubber Safe Guards for Babies.
White Groods.
Swiss and Mull MUSLINS,
Plain, Checked and S riped MUSLINS,
Pin Cord? J MUSLINS, BRILLIANTS, &c.\ &c. 53X*cj
?My v; j i x:. j, iMn i fl
BOOTS AND SHOES.
A large and varied assortment of Boots and Shoes now in store I
Ladies' Congress Gaiters,
Lace ?Up.
Buttoned
From $3 to $3,50 per Pair.
Gents' Hand-made Shoes, warranted, from $5"ind upwards.
Olotlxixxgr- Ol??tLirigr
Of Every Grade and Style.
JEANS, KERSEYS, TWEEDS, SATINETS, CASSIMERES, Pant
PATTERNS,' &c, &c. 'f
S
S S<
Blankets, ITLannels,
RED and WHITE.
GENTLEMEN^ HATS AND GAPS,
I r'. f* TF il
Of the latest styles.
y '/i j. \.t\ a
HARDWARE AND POCKET CUTLERY.
Crockery aad Glassware.
BED ROOM SETS.
WOOD AND WILLOW WARE,
SHOT AND POWDER!
?olaeeo aad Segars.
SUGAR, COFFEE, CHEESE, CRACKERS, SODA, STARCH,
RAISINS, CANDIES, ALMONDS, PECAN AND BRAZIL NUTS,
OYSTERS, PICKLES, JELLIES, &c.
Being very busy last week, I only gave a general advertisement of my
Stock. I give to-day a partial enumeration, showing the completeness of
my Stock.
Having spent sometime in New York, looking around before I made my
purchases, and having bought very largely, I think that I can offer bar
gains to my customers that will compare very favorably with the Augusta
market. My Goods however will show for themselves. I invite an inspec
tion.
J?TThanking the public of Edgefield kindly for past favors, T respect
fully solicit a continuance of the same. _ ._
J* H. CHEATHM,
At Sullivan's Old Stand,
jgp" On all Cash Bills, (except for Domestics,) above $25, a deduction of
Five per Cent, will be made.
Edgefield, S.C., OctU St, 41