Tlie Daily Intelligencer, a A/ y y ^5T M U I The Weekly intelligencer
~~Mz WMttff *mj$F
IS Am$ m.soiTmwmi..,
three montha, 100 j Single Copy, for one year, In Advance,. ...ft 1 60
elltcrtd by Carrion, per week 14 i i ii* fr 1 ;_ _? ii* mnntha i oo
1 ciobe ot Ten 18 00
VOL. XX WHEELING, W. V A. THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 2 1871. NO. ?1 JSfe=S~|j
Six month?. In advanoe, ISO A?d an extra copy to theperaon gutting op Club.
Three month*. In advance, 100 ___ i _____ ???????i??????????' Poetmaatere aro requested to act aa Agent*.
Financial.
Depositors secured uy mdividual
Liability.
M CJUMQIM. I. P4I 71.I. W. m. BOCUU.
THE CITY BANK
Deals In Ullls of Exchange, United States
liouila, Gold Coin, and all Negotiable ttecorltiea.
Notes and Bills ofKichaag* Discounted.
Collections mada for Merchants, Manufacturer!.
Banks. Banker*, and other*, on all accessible
poluts In the United Btatee and Canada.
Drafts In soma to suit purchasers on all the
principal Cities and Towns In Gwoanjr, Qreat
liriuln and Ireland.
Interest allowed on Bpoclal Deposits.
R. CKANULH, President
i. D1LZKLL. Vice Prcsldcut.
t. H. ECCLBB, Cash!or. marll
purbt national bank
OB" WHKKLINGk
United States Depository.
Capital 1300,000
A K?neral Banking, Exchange and Colloctlon
bUHineaa transacted with fidelity and promptness.
Certificate* of DopoBlt Isauod and lntoro*t paid
thereon.
Korcnao stamps for Mia in aum* to rait
Now Fractional Currency Mid 1,1, J and 5c coin
alwira on band for the accommodation of the
public.
Account* of Merchant*, Manufacturer*, Bankmi
and other* aollcltod.
DuuKToaa:
JOIIN K. BOTBFORD, President.
Jacobi Hqrnbrook, Cheater D. Knox,
(hx). W. Kranaiioun, A. W. UanipbuU,
Jacob 8. Rhodes, I Morgan L. Ott, 11
John L. Ilobbs, T. J. Campbell.
janadaw QBOKGH ADAM8, Cashier. J
-^EUCUANTS' NATIONAL BANK J
or WIST TIBUINIA, AT WH1KLINB.
Capital $500,000. 1
C
Deals In Gold, C'oapons, Bonds, Commercial
Psper and Bills of Exchange.
INTEHK8T PAID ON BPBCIAL DKP08IT8.
CvlUctloia tnadt on all point* and procndt c
promptly r*mUUd,
V
Ksveuae HUmps, New Praetlonal Currency, 1,1,
3 *nu o cod i com conaUuitly on uaad.
DIBIOTOM:
J. N. Vanco. John Uandlan. P
t. 8. DelAplaln K. J. Htone. 0
T. Hweonoy. Wm, Bailor. A.
A. Wilson Kelly. W. 8. Gocborn. tl
A. Wilion. ,i
J. NKL80N VANCB, Prwlden*. a
JOHN J. JONK8. Caahlor. myldaw p
DAN L 0. Liar. JOSEPH IBTBOLO. v
ttlNRT a. UBT. U1B80M I.AMI.
Peraonal Liability for all Deposits.
Bank of Wheeling,I
WHEELING, W. VA. J
Dralaln Hills ol Exchanffo, Go von j toon t Bond*,
tltocka, Gold, Coianu-rclalPapor, and all Nsguti*
abla securities.
INTKRBST PAID ON 8PKCIAI. DEPOSITS. t!
ritiar.lal attuntlnn utvnn tii rnlluctlniiM.
1). 0. LIST, President. 11
GIDHON LAMM, Cashier.
JOSEI-ll H BY HOLD, A.iis't Cftih. febtt
M"ATIONAL BAVINGB BANK i,
or wnnuiM. fl
tnsnrroraUd January IS, 1W9. C
CAPITAL, $100,000. a
Mono; rewired on Depot It. Interest paid on i.
Hpcclal Deposits, Nou-s and BUI* discounted.
Exchange bought and Bold. Collection* inado on I]
ill point* and proceeds promptly remitted.
Discount Day?Monday.
umioToiw:
Tbomas II. List, Robert Pratt, A
Robert Gibson, R. A. MoCabe,
J. 0. Thomas, James McCluney, u
J. L. Htlfel. h
T1I08. II. LI8T. President. u
J. MoCLUNBY, Vice Prcsldoot tl
tt. P. HlIiDHETII, Cashier.
rrHE PEOPLE'S BANK. h
OFFICE, NO. 69 MAIN BTItKKT, u
WHB1LIHU, W. fa. r;
Money recolred on deposit. Interest paid on
Hpeclal Doposlts.
Notes and Hills Discounted. Exchange boagh
?nd sold. Collections at home or firom abroad
promptly attended to. h
DIltROTOBfl: n
John field. Christian He**.
John llandlan, John Vockler, 8'
fismaol J. Doyd, Richard Carter.
Androw Wilson. John P. Truschol. 0
Thomas O'Brien.
JOHN KBID, President
J08IAI1 P. UPDBC1RAPF, Cash'r. my9 Q
TMIE CITY HANK, DEM,AIRE, 0.
Oflre oa Water St/, Opposite Central Block, rr
I'oci a general Banking bualneia: reeflrea w
money on drpotlt and pava In twit on fpeclal n
dopoiilu; dlncoutita notes and billo; deal* to HickanM.
Oonpona and National, HUte and local
Mfurttlca.
The promptest attention given to collection! on J
Bfllalro and Ita vicinity. The correspondence y
"*nka, Bankers and othora, hating kuilncaa a,
Ubla point solicited. 8
dibiotom:
A. W Andrraon, I liaac Booth,
A.p. Mcllntt. A. P. Tillman, 0
John T Miirrnr f fl UaII*
A. W. ANDERSON, Prea't.
A. P. TALLMAN, Caabler. ?ep? J
ti
A WANT SUPPLIED. 1<
-ti. b
To anppljr i want felt for a real genuine food i.
article of Suap at a reasonable price, the under-
pod Is now manufacturing auch an artlolo, m
all testify who have seen aud uaed
The Favorite 8oap, j
Manofacturml by R. RBID, Wheeling'W. Vi. fl
I claim that It cannot be excelled, tat, In pari- 8
tyand qnallty; Jd, In economy, because It la
and hard aa soon aa made and will not ahrlnk
whsn exposed to the atmoapheee, like moat t,
oapado. it will therefore washhalf aa much fl
nnreaathe soap* now In market at the aune u
price;.i<l Fjrperfection InWaahlng Yonmu?t B
*?*h with a pure, clean wap, or too cannot hare 1,
wan. white clothea. I'm tM Fuwrito Bonp and
JJ* will hare no more tronbla getting yonr
tlothea white and faiiltleii, and guarantee that
"will not Injure the akin or th? moat delicate a
fabric*. 4th, I claim for It an aduntige orer all
others In that It will hear leafing In water fof 6 11
10 hmjrs without Injuring It Other aoapa are C
rendered nselesa by forgetting them In the tun
or hailn after using. Please enquire of jour
porer for the Favorite Hoap, arid yon will be
convinced that It la the beat.
UcTt**.-Rarh bar la atamped "Jibuti* and I;
^vorite Soap, tnanii/actured by B.
mn\ng w, v*y
nufactured and aold at wholesale by F
irrtWAtin nvfn r
fi(?p and Ctndie wirnficWttf,
_>ngtt WMjjifcW.T**
NICK FREBll LOT OF 1
ORRAM CRACKBR1, y
OAT .MEAL OAKB9,
GRAHAM CRACEHRB,
?C?AR JDMBLBS, 1
ALBERT BISCUIT,
nBSSBRT CRACKERS,
OYSTER CRACKERS.
At t
ZIMMER'S BAKERY.
_*# tM MAnmiT BTTtBBT.
'J'RIMBLB A HOHNHUOOK, L
Plumbers, Gas and Steam Fitters
60 MARKET BTItKHIT.
Oriwi from Ul? country ttttntM to 1 ihCTt
?nM.
1 90H !'BS tobacco TWINE
?>?*n b?M
"f cnX?. h. ?Kn?T.
SkMfUujmm-.
The Official Vote of Ohio Coaalr.
Ad error UfcTiug crept Into our table
yeiterday, we reproduce the vote tlila
morning, and are hippy to believe that it
U now entirely Iron-clad.
The Colored Troope Onr tke Rlfer.
Of course It wu the "nigger rote" that
defeated the Democracy ol Belmont
count; this yoar. Mo white man ever
defeats them. AU itrictfy Caucwiu
cilizuus are known to be averse to Radicals.
The St. Clairsville Uauttt la therefore
iloubtleu correct In charging the
Democratic reverso over there on nejrocj,
especially those of them that were
'fresh from Rappahannock county,
Va." Thoy appear to have come muiti udinously,
"as the winds come when
bresls are rended,u the wave* come when
lavies are stranded," and all that sort of
hlng, and all on purpose and Just In time
ovote tho Radical ticket The beglra 1
rorn Rappahannock county most have j
dearly resembled the midnight .exit of
he children of Israel from Egypt. Was I
a party by the name of Johnson" their
loses for the occasion? And what we
ro more particularly nlleltoas to know
i, are there any max of the sami sort
oft in Rappahannock county 1 We want j
o arrange with them tor service in this
ouoiy at me next election.
A Crushing Rebuke.
If 50I11U ol the West Virginia Demoratio
oditori could only bare subject*
rorthv ot their power*, we should see
ome ''deal loin writin." When, (or Intance,
the editor of the Greenbrier ImltmtUnt
can expreaa himself thus superbly
?er a little bit of bolt from the regular
Icket In that county, what could he not
o,if,as old Archlmides would say,he bad
lenty of loverago. Here's the way he
rlthers bis opponents:
ICS, IUO pCOpiO DBTB spOKCn, BDU UIO
onspiracy against the integrity ot the
)cmocratlo and Conservative party hu
ecu ground to powder I Touched by
lie Ithurial Hpcar ot popular rebuko, the
ihnntom spectre Ua? vanished into ?J?e
mptiest anil most otheroallzed nothing'
IC89."
Tun Diffbubhcb Tnf* Kin.?Up to
bis data this year the Democratic pyramid
consists oi the State* ol Kentucky,
>1118 and Wo?t Virginia?not a very
mitv column cither individually or col
actively?whilo the Republicans pan out i
s follows: Now Hampshire, Conneotlut,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Iowa, Colorado
ml California. There la some difference
11 the exhibit, both aa to weight of num>('!
and weight generally.
Tua New York UtraU regreti that the
tory of the origin of tho Chicago flro has
ecn contradicted, as "the lceaon taught
iy the auppoaed origin of the conflagralonlo
connection with keroten* might
are been the means of earing many a
utnan life by causing moro c&ro to be
scd in handling tho inflammable matelal."
Ws burn up every decade, nyi Apptorn'!
Journal, enough property to enrich
all the population. We spare no expneo
In ornamenting and beautifying our
tructures, and yot seem to grudgo the 1
oat of rendering them (table and tec we. 1
An exchange says: "A man forty years
Id, at Hliolby Depot, Tenn., mourned hla
rllo aix jnontlia, and then married hla
lother-ln-law, aged alxty." That man
lay have married hit mother-in-law, but
10 shall always bellovo that It was hla
iotli6r-ln-law married him.
LABonitM are scarce al St. John's, N.
and womfn are employed on the
rliarres at four ahllllnga per day, but it la
aid not to bo a pleasant sight to see them
nloadlng Teasels, rolling flour barrels,
(heeling along large barrows full ol salt,
nd carrying fish into the stores.
Tint Hague, the political capital of j
Iolland, Is reported to be tbe wealthiest
Dwn for Its population In the world. At
;aat ono-thlrd ol its cltlsena are aaid to
o rich enough to liro entirely on their j
icoinei.
Two i.adies were traveling on the cars I
rlien a stranger uked the cider what I
elationahip ahe bore the yonnger. The
nawer was quick and pertinent: "She ii 1
ny sister's daughter, and my daughter's
iater I"
Tiikt tell of a Chicago lady "whose
miband was worth- $240,000 before the
Ire, and who traveled last Rummer with
Ixleen Saratoga trunks; now *11 she has
eft wai saved la two barrels."
Am, the first claas hotels and cigar
torea In Chicago were burned up. It wis
nore than a week before the cltiuena
ould procure a good clgaf,' so a* to join
he rulna In smoking.
A MAn courting a young woman was
nterrogated as to his occupation, "I am
i paper hanger on a large stale," he rallied.
Ho married tho elrl. and turned
lUt to bo i bill-sticker.
"How do you define black u your
i*l r' a?y? tchooltnaater to onool bit
mplla. Darkneea that may be felt,*' rallied
the youth.
Tim "proud cathartic State,'' la what
er loving aoni call the Commonwealth
if Kansas It lit comes from the cultlrainn
of catlor-beant.
What air doea the young monaealng to
ho old mouae when biting hla way
hrnugh the accnery at the opera f Hear
no gnaw, tna. (Norma)
A. rtjtAnciAt, reformer lain deroted to
lgurct that when he haa nothing elae to
to he caata up hi* eye.
Tiirm la a man In New York to proud
[hat he won't keep hie own company, for
roar of degrading himself.
Jack KiTcn being uked on what
ground he claimed the clotht of thote he
hanged, titeWetM, "2a their mentor"
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED 1'BESS &13P01IT.

Exclusively to the fntelll&onrer.
CBj Um WmUtq Dnlon Line.
Office North-wcit cor. oI Mala and Mouroo ?U.)
WASHINGTON.
Wamiikutoh, Nov. 1.?The public debt
baa been reduced |li,U50,480 during October.
Milinry cbanget have been made by
the President transferring tho Btate ul
North Carolina from the Department ol
the East to the Department ot' the Boutb;
the Indian Territory north nf Texas and
south ot Kansas is to bo added to the Do
partment of Texas, and wilt be under the
command of (Jen. Auger, and to the Department
of Texas is added a division of
the Missouri. Tho Department of the
rnaunt la /I iastmil inliii/l
Tlio States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Mia lalppi
and the gulf pots will constitute
a now Department. Frederick 0. Grant,
1th cavalry, has been ordered to report
it general army headquarters, lie will
tocompany (Jen. Sherman in hit tour ot
military inspection in Europe.
The Commissioner of Pensions is now
lick at Philadelphia.
The President has appointed A. J. Dufar
and J, W. Virtue commissioners for
Oregon to the centennial celebration at
Philadelphia.
The President has appointed Charles
Harrison Assessor of Internal Itevenuo in
the Gtb Ohio, and George 8. Scott As-
lessor in the 2d Arkansas Districts.
The Information received by tho Navy
Department Irom Dr. A. Patterson, of
Sana, concerning the German'discovery
)f the open Polar Sea, states that the
lorthernmost point reached was 79 de
trees north on a.ineredian 48 degrees east.
rhey found a most favorable state of ico
awards tho North Pole, with a favorable
mnnanllnn with thn nnon Ditt north lit
Liberia toward! the cut The iipedltlou ?u
made in u small sailing vessel at tbo
ixpense ol tbe officers. I
The Secretary ol the Treasury baa
sailed in another million and a half three
wr cents of tbo denomination of $9,000,
roil) No. 2508 to No. 2819; also ol tbo
lenomlnation of $10,000, from No. 2007
o 2833. Tbo Interest will cease on tbo
list of December.
Uen. Geo. B. Williams, of Indiana, tolay
formerly concluded kit engagement
?lth the Japanese Minister, lie will go
a that country for the purpoao ot organizing
an internal revenue system there
lirnuar to our own. Gen. Williams is
low Second Deputy Commisilonerof Internal
Revenue, and has also bad expert>nco
as Assessor, Collector and Bupervi or
of Internal ltevcnue, having been employed
in these separate offices for five
3T six years with marked acceptance to the
government. It Is considered that no
better selection could bo made than bis
sngagrinsnt for threo yeari at a largo sultry.
Gen. Williams will sail from San
b'rancisc) lor.Tapanon tbe first of January
jext.
Heveral Judgmonta wero affirmed in the
Supremo Court last Monday, awarding 10
per cent damages, besides costs, on tbe
;round that tbe prosecutions wcro for
jurpoecs of delay and to make parties
cautious lo tho appeal or ctisos in the
uture.
Indian Agent Walker has loft Cheyenne
a hear the complaint* of the Sioux Inliana.
It haa been ascertained that tho lenders
)f the Ku-Klux now In Jail In Houth Curillna
will not bo released on bail.
Major Thomas Donohuo died to day at
;he age ol 75 years, lie was long coniccted
with tho InMligtntor.
0. W. Curtis has presented tho rules
idopted by the Civil Berrice Commission.
Tho Kvtning Star says Presldont Grant
las addressed a letter to the President of
he Beneca fltono Company, resuming
ilm to dispose o[ ills (tho President's)
itock in that company.
ARKANSAS.
LittIiK Hock, Nor. 1.?Col. W. J. Paton,
publisher of the Journal, who wn? ronoved
from the position of Internal Itevelue
Collector by President Grant tho othtrday,
U Vice President of the Republi;an
Southern Press Association.
Some movers were passing through tho
illy yeaterday on route to Georgia with
leverstl negroes, mon and women, who
vera raised wlthj the family, and n?
i matter of choluo wcro going to Texas
irlth them. A crowd of about 200 negroes
lurrounded the wagons and took tho ne[roes
from them by force against their
irotestatloni, Oreat Indignation is felt
lore among the white people at tills out$he
Little Rock Conference of the M.
B. Church South met hero this morning,
Bishop McTyrel presiding.
Th# Grand ixxlge of Odd Follows meets
o-day, John M. Hanks, Grand Master,
)resldtng.
The Btale Medical Association moots
his evening.
Weather Report.
Wi.a Drfj?t?ht,
Oma oxn f'nI?? Sioral omnia, n
r -Knw 1 7'mi I
pnoBunn.rriits.
Tho arcs of tilgh barometer In the Ohio
falley, will probably move north and
laatward, with hrlsk northerly winds tolight
for a abort timo irom Virginia to
Mew York, followed by partially clotidy
ind clear weather on Thursday, In the
alddle States, and on the lower lakes, and
with aoulhweaterly wlnda and rising temperature
on the tipper lakes. Ndrtliwfslerly
wlnda, Teerlng to tho aontbwest, will
'.ontlnne on Lsko Ontario, on Thursday,
md freeh northwest winds will continue
in the New England coast, Increasing to
i moderate gale it aomt distance off the
ihore. Tho low pressure on the coast of
Maine, will probably prodnee a setero
itorm in Nova Scotia.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Not. 1.?The Chairman of tho
Republican State Committed of Maisachunftt*
hu been authorized to address
the National Republican Committee, Intiling
them to select Barton an the place
for holding the NatlAhil (JrfbrtMkm (n
1872. J
GEORUIA.
Bavakjiaii, Not. t.?The Mount Mailln
party who were ahot and wounded by a
band of South Carolina negro Ku-Klnx
will recoTer. No arresta ot the negroes.
Negro highwaymen have boon robbing
the .country peopla coming tit BATantmli
bv the IiouliTllle road.
?It la reported that the Philadelphia,
Wilmington A Baltimore Railroad will be
probably laued by the J'fnntylVanla Railroad.
NEW YORK CITY.
Nkw Vouk, Novemlter 1.?Thomas A.
Ledwith having accepted the Tamwany
nomination lor tiuprewo Court Judgn, resigned
last ajgbt liin membership of tlie
Committeo ol Seventy. Ilia resignation
excited much comment on necount of (bo
lateness of the seasou.
Tbo New York Yuclit Club have post-
poned until next year the race for the Ben- 1
nit challenge cup to Newport and bock. 1
Deputy Comptroller Oreeii decline* to
pay police Justices and cierlu on the
ground that tbey have boon overpaid, ai I
thu increased salaries tbey have been ro- 1
ccivlnr, uniler a vote of the common
council, wire in contravention of law. 1
Under this decision they will not receive I
any salary for several months to come. 1
iXauuuijr iiuwwuj iuui. u? iuav iud vjutcn a
cup, but conteuds that the committee did
not run tlie races in u sportsman-like
manner. Ho will make no claim for tbe
cup nuii will not come back hero next
j'cur.
Governor Randolph, of New Jersey, declines
answering subpoenas from tko
Court ol Chancory, in the caw in wbicb
tho ruilroad monopoly aa a question, Involves
bis tiubcrnutorial right to refuse
signing bills.
The Tima baa information from tbe
Captain of the steamer Hermann, which
sailed hence for Bremen, September 23d,
leading to tho belief that Andrew J. Ourvey
and wifu, went in tbat steamer under
Lbu assumed name of McDonald, and upon
arrival at liremen, proceeded to Basle,
Switzerland. The Tune* says, a letter
was received at this olBcu yesterday,
Irom a gentleman in Bremen, In which
tbe writer Btatod that he had met a Mr.
duBscn, of Chicago, who bad told him ol a
supicious personage on tho Hermann, and
{ttvo the same facts as derived Irom the
Jupluin of tho steamer.
Thegrandjury was dismissed yeiter- 11
lay, without finding an Indictment against 11
fweed. His easo will bo brought before
i now grand jury to be impannelod Men- s
lay next, before Judge Bedford.
Tlii) Mutuals beat the White Stockings
yesterday by 11 to 3.
Smallpox appeared at Hoboken.
The Common Council ordered tho 0
Horse Itailroads to bo torn up, as the
Company has not paid llconse.
Ingersoll had not returned up to last
light. Ilia Irlendu claim ho will return
ind give the necessary ball lor bis reap- 11
H'arance. 1
The order of arrest which had been Is-
lucd against James Fisk, Jr., charged 1
vitU using fund* belonging to Mrs. 1
loaephlno Mansfield while noting In a
idlcuary capacity, was served yesterday 11
tfternoon by Deputy 8herlff Jarvls. At c
our o'clock Mr. Jarvls walked into Fisk's
com at tho grand Opera Uouso and ad
Irosslng his prisouer aald: 1 have an J]
>rdcr lor your arrest and it Is granted in
;ho suit of Mrs. Helen Josephine Mans-
leld against you. Fisk laughed heartily. j'
jo lis Mansfield again is It? I have 11
mndsmcn hero and hn calloil Chas.
Robinson, of Flshklll and B. W. j1
Blunchard, each of whom were
Qualified as bondsmen and both were ac- 8
:epted. The ntnount of bail is $1)5,000. 11
1 letter from Mausllcld to Fisk upbraids
ilm with perlldy, and says Its a Bliamo to
:ompel her who grew up with him IVoin 8
>nil.ln? ?lw? nuiu "runt Kfl/i ftmnrnuu 0
lUlIIIU^ IIIU UK.I g(VU? MKV
;o vindicate herself In court, ntiil rulers to P
lis scheme, revealed to her lour years 1,
igo, nl stealing the Erie hooks, and how,
when he was buying tho Now York Leg'
slaturo, he said it would result in cither c
i Flak palace In Now York or a stouu
illaco at Sing Bing, requesting her if It Jj
was tho latter to take a cottnge outside
he prison. Bhe Is willing to have aii'airs
irhitrated by Win. M. Evarta, hut says if
lis power over tho courts is still supremo
ind Tammany still ablo to protcct him,
ho reward may still bo his.
In tho Bupremo Court to day a writ of
nandamus was issued ordering the pay- e
nent of *200,000 in faror of tho Depart- h
nent o! Public Parks. A b
A ctatomcnt was mado tounded on tho c
varranls paid by the Broadway Hank, that ii
ngersoll and Ourvey, in depositing, In- o
variably gavo fony-two per corn to J
iVoodward, twenty-lour per cent to J
rweed, and kept thirty-lour per cent for q
heniBclvcs. I
flnstave Ruilcr. of Yonkcrn. was found a
>n tlio trackof tho Hudson River railroad i
his morning with a pistol shot wound In
tin breast. XIo said ho liad beoa wounded 8
nid robbed by highwaymen. Ho was a
irougbt to Ibis cily and recelvod surgical
mention. Ho was sen! to llollcvue ilos- e
)ltal. v
A special dispatch from Washington a
his evening sayB that it Is asserted on tbo
iilthorlty of Senator Poole, that President ti
Jrant lias expressed bis determination to |i
leclaro martial law throughout tbo eutlri) ti
Jouth, In consequence of tho continued
lutrnges. _ si
Tho Long Island Sugar Refining Comiany
Is reported as about to suspend,
rim embarrassments of tho company,
which are nearly three-quarters ot u miliun,
nro said to bo duo to excessive Irareflation*
of moluscs, since which tbt
narket has ilMilnnh i v j
Couuterlelter Jackson to found guilty J1
o-day. ills sentence has not yet been
innounced. n
At a meeting of the Board ol Health
.o-day a proclamation was adopted de-
jlarlug tho ports of Charleston and Key
IVrttto be in rccteil ports, 00 account ol
he yello* fevcf there. The proclami-
ion is to extend lo tho 8th of NovembM.
The Committer) of Seventy desire con- ri
rlbutlons to defray tlio expenses of print- 8
ng their election ballots.
There wMsmna excitetaeol among tho n
jolltlclans of Urooklyn to day, In confluence
ol an attack nptm the school mis-
resics of Brooklyn, appearing In a Jourta(
edited by Delrnan, formerly Director
f tho Bureau Statistics at Washington, i,
rhe charge was that tho lady teachers
sere paid to suit tho purpose* of vile
men.
Tlio 8ul> Comrfiitibe of tho Democrat
Ociternl Commltteo willed upon the j
Mayor, saying that tho article lind been
llctatral by him. This tlm Mayor demies. j,
Keglater MoLnughlin, spokesman of the n
l?nrly then challenged tho Mayor to corao y
Into the street, declaring II ho did he g
would knock the Mayor'* hoad riff. There _
are simpletons that tho Mayor had somotiling
to do with the publication, and Mo- j
liaughlln threatens to tine a cowhide if be c
dlsCuran thpreal author ol the libel.
Ail ffi&Wt'S i
heirs ol AnnekoJans Tho petition again
dlspntea the tltlo to tho Trinity church
property. I
At tho nmmlng acsalon of tbo Board of i
Commissioners to day a statement was
mado representing that department en- f
tlrely bankrupt. Th? Board want money t
to make payments to employees, but dls- t
like to countenance payments by putkido
Tboto was nothing definite dedor.
Hodman changcs Thanksgiving
day io (he 80th q! November. t
0?r?rnof Bitnook, ol Georgia, l? In thla r
city. Ho state* that kin resignation wus
intended to mors and thwart the schemes
nl ku political enemies in tkeir efforts lu
get control of tho Bute; tkat it kad been
determined on long ego. He assorts tkat
there is no foundation for tho charges
against him, and that ko will soon return
tu Georgia. He demands an investigation.
lie will not permit himself to bo
wrested in Georgia, at bis friends think
hU political enemies would probably
cause a mob and Kn-Kluxhim. In a letter
Isted Atlanta, October 2.1, Jiu refers ut
length to tho ckarges, ana exposes the
plans formed by his political enemies tn
unng oisaaieraon lue oiau1.
At a meet of tho Greeley Republican
Junvenliuu tonight a resolution was
:>aased condemning tlie action of tbe Comiiittee
of Seventy in striking off the names
>f three or four aldermen aa candidates
llaccd by tho organization on tho county
Ickct, aud ^declaring their adheranco to
he original ticket. It is stated that tho
>thcr wing of the Republicans aa well as
ho Reformers aro dissatisfied with Iho
[Iterations of tho ticket by the Commiteoof
Bevcnty.
Tho English papers received to-night
contain an additional denial fur the
Conservative Lords' and statesmen of any
inowiedgo of tho new Alliance between
ho Peers and tho peoplu concerning the
iow social movement. But it is stated
n a loiter to the London Telegraph from
ho Executive London C'ouucil that the
ignatures of tho Lords aro 111 possession
>1 a Mr. Russel, and that another band
if Lords aro know who wcro coalguatales
on tho part of tho Artisans.
Somo of tho properly of tho defaulting
Luistant Postmaster Norton was disposed
if by his suroties at an auction aalo yesterday.
Nearly $00,000 worth of property
old for less than $20,000. i
Eugono Taylor was killed in a houso of
ll-fame at Patterson. New Jersnv. this i
nornlng. Tb 11 quarrel uroso about a wo-
nan.
Tlili evening a man giving hla name aa
Icullcr, but who la aupposeu to bo Canty,
raa arreatod in Jersey City.
Arrived tho ateamor Thuringia, from
laraburg.
Tho German Joint Committee to night
ndoried O'Donovan Itoaaa aa Senator.
The town of Fulton tubscribed $2,000 i
1st night to the Northwestern auBercrs.
To day waa tho second registration,
nd 08,080 voters were registered. On
hn flraf rllV 9:1 7'ffl ninrn rmrlalarail Tn.
?l reglatrtulon to dalo 91,810. Two days
till roraaln to receive tbe names ofvoters,
'ho total registration last year was i
43,000.
There waa a great deat ol comment In
bis cily to-day upon tko Mansfield Flsk
orreapoudence. Revelations are expect-
d damaging to Krlo pfllclala m well as
'weed, Sweeney, and other Tammany-
;es. Flsk attempts to reply to the Manseld
letter by declaring that the suit Is an
ttempt to extort from him. Ho was to-
ay busy preparing his deleuse, and hold-
nr consultations with leiral gentlemen.
Hio Janeiro advices of Ibo 8lh of Octoer,
give a full text ot tlio emancipation
ill. It frees all children born of slaves
Iter llnlale, and all slaves of tho governlent,
numbering 1709, and establishes an
mancipation lund for tho benefit of existig
slaves. Tho government was conratulated
by all the foreign Ministers,
nd IHIcltatloiis aro pouring in from all
arts ol Ilraiil. There aro already cviences
of a movement among owners, iu
30 direction of converting slaves Into
oo tenant farmers, or freeing them op
ondltlon of a lew years service.
Lewis Bonnet Was arrested by detecvos
to-night on suspicion ol having murercd
John Hchmitto three years ago in
Ills city.
TJTAEL
Sai.t Lakh, Utah, Nov. 1.?To day
verythlng is pacific, and there is not the
:ast probability in the city of any outreak
or diillculty. Tho Mormons all dls
lalm the most remoto intention of resistig
the law or opposing tho United States 1
dicers in the performance ol their unties
urige McKcan's course In admitting 1
loyor Weils to ball Is admitted in all
uarters to ho eminently wise ami prnper.
fo hull Is found for refusing boll for Stout
nd Kimball, although it Is not deemed
liat the probability^! their guilt is greatr
than ttiot of Mayor Wells. It laundertood
that Marshal Patrick Is preparing
n expedition to follow and arrest Brigam
Young. Itellablo reporls are to the
irectthnt Young is still moving southrard,
lmvlng with him eleven wagons
nd one hundred armed men mounted.
The appointment of Geo. 0. Bales, Unltd
Slates Prosecuting Attorney for Utah,
I approved by botlufio Mormon and Genlie
press.
Dullness is dull, and money unusually
mrce. The weather is delightful.
KENTUCKY. I
LotJtsviLi.B, November 1.?A switch- i
inn named Jack Giilieghan wan run river
)-d?y at JclTersonvlile, by o engine on j
10 Jefferson, Mniiison jdiannpolis
tallroad. He wa? horribly crushed and I
tangled and died loatanlly. I
On Monday a girl, thirteen years old, t
anted Anna Stair, three miles Irom Now j
.Ibany, Indiana, was attacked by a ne
ro as alio waa returning from school.
ler screams alarmed iter father, who ran
her rescue, but tell dead bofnre be
jached her from heart disease. The ne- i
ro escaped. 1
A movement 1; on foot to build another i
ridge across the river at this point and
teets with general approbation. I
Seven convicts esot|icd Irom the Jeffermvllle,
tnd., Btata prison this morning,
ut were recaptured alter an ctcitlng
haae. They were flogged and locked tip
t their cells. j
CINCINNATI.
Crucmiutt, November 1.?Col. Sidney i
1. Maxwell, lor several yean connected i
rith the Cincinnati OautU, was to day
utalled as Superintendent of the Cincln- I
ati Chamber of Commerce, w>? William i
mlllt, resigned. Mr. Smith has been
uperlntendent of the Chamber lor the
ast seventeen years.
"-!??J Di-iAw f*ntiff itaalnr/lan
"I mo VUllCU DNIin VUUII ii.iviun;
torris Jcsaup and others filed a bill In
hancery to foreclose the mortgage Tor tlio
lie of the Cincinnati lodlsnnpolls
unction railroad for nonpayment of
onds, doe July, 18111. 1
The Newport As Cincinnati Bridge I
,'om|iMiy1>a?1lled a crwwfletiilon against
ho city aSklttg damages In the Bum of
159,000 for the Interhtptlon ol tlio work i
m Kllgour street, tlio police having Inter- i
sred there to arrest the construction ol i
ho Approaches In the manner desired by
he Company. i
i
CANADA.
ottm, our., Hdt. 1?Skead'a lum- i
ter mill wax burned thla morning. Lois 1
limit $40,000) Insurance $90,000.
CHICAGO.
Cuicaoo, November 1.?Two laborers,
engaged in taking down the outsidu walla
of tlio Triiunt building this morning, Tell
from thn lourtU story to the basement,
and were killed. Wo cannot learn their
names.
Lowlier!, frto candidate fur Judge of
Circuit Court, Ira W. Buell, candidate for
Judge o) Superior Court, and W. II. Mllligan,
candidato lor Alderman, on the
Lnion ticket Mo. 3, have declined their
nominations.
Secretary Guoneboum, of tlio Popular
Bunk, lias received authority by a cable
dispatch to open In this city, an agency
lor tbe Hamburg, Bremen Fire Insurance
i<uiiii>uiiv, uuo ui mo oiuesiana mosisuostantlal
in Germany. Tho agency will be
opened at onco.
Tho Attorney General of this State, has
commenced proceedings against tho following
insurance companies, upon an ofllcial
statement of tbp ytuto Auditor, that
tho assets of tho companies are unsufllcient
to justify their continuance in business
Chicago Firemen*' assets. $378,000;
losses $3,000,000. Merchants' assets,
$000,000; losses. $0,000,000. Chicago Fire
assets, $400,000; losses, $3,000,000. German
is assets. $260,000; losses, $1,500,000.
Stato assets $300,000 losses,
$3,000,000. Homo asset*, $250,000;
losses, $2,000,000. Mutual Security
assets, $311,000: losses, $1,800,000. Total
assets about $3,000,000. Total losses
about $20,000,000.
Tho names of tho two men who wero
precipitated Irom the Tribune building
this morninir wero Oliver Martin and i
Win. Law. Martin waa instantly killed,
but Luw showed signs of life, and was
Hill aiiyo when last beard from.
To suit a number of tbo candidates
nominated by tlio Union Conference,
lome have declined the Intended honors,
rbe following changes have been made:
i\ Ound for Police Commissioner In
|)lace of A. ICaatung, crowded off; K. IC.
Tones lor City Treasurer In place of Chas.
II. Ilall, declined; J. P. Atwood for
Judge of the Circuit Court In placo ol 1
Lambert Free, declinod; Elliot Anthony
lor Judge ol tlio Superior Court In place
Ira W. Buoll, declined.
ST. LOUIS.
Sr. Loots, Nov. 1.?A double and cold
flooded murder was committed a few
niloafrom Marshlield, Webster county,
Missouri Saturday last, under tbo follow-
:ng circumstances: Oeo. Chamberlain, a
teamster, residing in Tanney county,
while (in his way to Marsbfleld lor a load
if merchandise, overtook another team
iter named Dunny, with a load of lumper
:hat ho was hauling to Wm. C. Davenport,
a lumber dealer ol Mainhfiold.
bunny's wugon broke down and
10 requested Chamberlain to haul
Im lnmhiT Inln titwn P.ltumltorluin luoH.
id It on ins wagon, but bad not proceeded
iir before bis wagon also broke down, lie
vent into Marsbfield and procured tbe
vagon and assistance or bis son-in-law,
ieorge France, and returned to the broten
wagon, reloaded tho lumber, and
itartcd tor tho junction. They were met
ly Wm. 0. Davenport, and Matthew and
lucob IIolTuian. One of tho Hoffman's
itrurk Chambcrluin on tbe head with a
evolver, knocking kirn down, and Davmport
shot him with a shot-gun, killng
him. Davenport then shot Mr.
'ranee, killing him almost Instantly,
davenport and Mnthcw Hoffman were
irrested. Davenport is an cxshorlffol
iVebster county and a man of consldera>1o
property.
Mrs. Janice Morris, wifo of a prominent
sitizen of Marsbfield, suicided Saturday
>y banglilg herself. Temporary Insanity J
esultlng from 111 health was tho cause. J
INDIANA, j
KvAmvri.i,K, Nov. 1.?Tho excursion
rom this city to 8t. Louis lo morltiw over
he Ht. Louis and Sontheastern Railroad
irotnlsca to be a grand affair. Over 800
nvttatlonshavo been issued and every arrangement
made for tho pleasure ot the
[ueste. At Mount Vernon, III., tho ex-
mrslonista will bo received by a delegation
if tho St, Louie Chamber ol Commerce,
vho will accompany them to iho latter
:ity. The road is 100 mllee in length and
will soon bo tho great thoroughfare be- s
wren St. Louis and Nashville.
Judgo Laird, ol tho Circuit Court, deeded
to day that tho feo end salary bill,
io far as it applied to auditors,sheriffs and
ilerks, Is inoperatlvo and void, on the
ground that It is In violation ol tho con- 1
ititutlonal provision that taxation shall be
:qunl, because this indirectly taxes these
illlclals. j
ai f IVNirunT a
St. Paw., Not. 1.?the first phasn of
ho libel suit of Got. Austin against Jus.
3reen, editor of the St. Anthony Democrat,
ermlnateJ last evening by binding the
lefendant over to appear beloro the grand
ury In the sura of$0,000. Tlio testimony
ntrnduced by tho defense, upon which It
josed tliu truth of Us assertions (if brljory,
was tho lact that Got. Austin obalned
fivo thousand dollars from tome
Philadelphia parly through F. H. Clark,
President of tho L 8. A 51. It. li. Tho
ilaiutlll showed that tho five thousand 0
lollars was a loan at ten per cent, secured
ly mortgage upon real estate of twice
ho valuo ol tho amount loaned, which c
oan was not sought until moro than a
rear after the approval ol tho bill which
Jreen charged that Got. Austin was
iribed to sign,
PENNSYLVANIA. d
PiitLADBLPitlA, Nov. 1?The Citizens'
Municipal Kelorm Association "hcceeded
n securing an Indiclmont agal.it the s
Jity Treasury and his broker. Warrants
or tho arrest of tho accused have been
ssued. Startling developemenla at to the
Management of the city affairs Isejpected.
Tho City Treasurer and Marcer will r
lavea hearing upon tho charge of being
i defaulter to tho city.
Pension Agent Forbes was held in the
ram of $25,1)00 to day on the charge ol 1
tmbetiling government bonds. I
mexico.
Matamokas, Oct. S3.?a courier from
ramplco arrived to-day nnil brlnga news
rom the Capital to llio 23t], nil li quiet.
Old* wm not In the Held. Nearly all the
jovermnenta of tlio State bail sent con(Mtulatlima
to Juiirtt, and oflered tlielr
itrvieea to aupprtsj tlio Monterey prolunclnincHto.
The Juareziata deny the
reported capitulations ol Bultlllo.
Tlio revolutionists Irolil all ilia avenues
if communication between tlio border
ind Monterey.
?Fred. Kuaey, was convicted of mnrSer
In tlio Mcond degree at Annapolis
pesterday, for killing policeman Olark.ln
Baltimore on tha OTd of May.
FOREIGN.
i
AUSTRIA.
Vihxha, Nov. 1.?Baron liatzellluu
having declined, the Emperor baa invited
Baron Kellerperg, tormerly Governor of
Bohemia, to form the now Cabinet.
GERMANY.
Bkulin, Nov. 1.?Owing to tho Illness
of Uen. Van Koan, the Minister ot War,
lien. Bleach, baa been placed in temporary
cbargo of the War Ollire aa an
assistant.
SPAIN.
Madrid, Nov. 1.?The radicals will i
make an attack next week in the Cortee, i
on what particular question It Is yet uncertain.
The result depends on the attitude
of the C'arllaU, as they hold tho balanco of
the power.
FRANCE.
Pahu, November 1.?The President
accompanied by tho Minister of War and
Marine will lay the corner stone of the
projected military establishment at Rouen
on tho 27th.
ENGLAND.
London, Nor. 1.?Tho collections at
the Mansion House, for the relief of the
Chicago sufferers, up to last evening,
reached tho sum of $11,000. I.onglon, a
town in Lancashire, has given $1,000 toward
tho same fund.
RUSSIA.
St. PETEBSHUita, Nov. 1.?The Journal
ile SI. 1'cltriburg denies that Minuter
Uatmicyhas been told that ho cannot stay
it Washington after the visit of thoGrand
Duku Alexin, and states that Mr. Ourtln,
Iho American Minister, haa never Inform?1
the government hero that tho American
government had threatened to lend
Iho Hussion Minister his passport.
WEST INDIES.
Havana, Novcmher 1.?Hay lien advices
to tho 13th ol October biro boen received.
Tbe authorities are endeavorlog
to evado the payment of claima arising
rrom their transactions during tho revolulion.
Kingston, Jamaica, October 80.?The
British mail steamer Venctuelan took fire
it sea on her voyage trum Liverpool.
The flamca woro extinguished on reaching
tho liabor at Banta Martha by scutllng
Ibo forward part of tho vessel and submerging
ono of tho water-tight compartments.
Tho fire lasted throo hours.
Two departments of Guotamala, are deJlared
in a state of siege. Tho rebels have
Ibrico been defeated.
Honduras demands of Nicaragua, the
emoval of certain relugees from tho Ironiier.
Salvador has sent troops to aid Honluras
quell and tbo Indian revolt.
Tbe Columbian government lias been
.hanked by the United States Minister for
indertaking fo protect tho steamer Vir[Inla.
There Is n ministerial crisis in Bolivia,
n consequence of tho congressional rejeclon
of a bill providing for a Federal contitution.
The government will probably
omove to Lopez.
IOWA.
Bioox Citv, Nov. 1.?Henry Hospers,
ormerly Mayor of Pells, lows, snu now
nanager or the Sioux Colony, Bioui couta-
y, liu sued Jumes Ii Carry, editor of the
iiwx County Uernld lor libel, claiming J
lamages to the amount or $25,000. The t
lerald charges Hospors with adultery and
heft.
Boiler Explosion.
Baltimore, Not. 1.?A boiler In Cal- r
'eston's sugar refinery, on Black street,
xplodcd this morning, killing a man
lamed Snyder, and baldly scalding? numicr
of others.
Nteamer News.
Nrw Yon*, Not. 1.?Arrived tbo
toamsblp-CRy ol Brooklyn, from Russia.

?Byron S. Olllott, of Elmira, N. Y.,
lefeated Geo. F. Blossom, of Flint, Midi.,
n n 1,000 point carrol game of bllllajds,
it Elmira, N. Y.. yesterday. a
Whkn a man's fuco turns as yellow as a
Itilnea bo Is said to linvo a rtcb cotnilcxlon.
o
Cleanmnkss Is next to godliness, and
t is soap that la next to charity.
m
India needs drainago morothan l)ible>,
ind health officers raoro than missionaries.
Wnv Is a thunderstorm like an onion f
3ccauso It's peel upon peel.
A lotki,t mode ol reasoning?Man and
voman putting their heads together.
A tax on cats, 00 cents per head per
innum, Is imposeed In Paris. a
Boons "Chicago sufferers" are overrundug
the country.
TnAiNS on tho PaciQc Railway aronuw
lotting snow bound.
New York claims at noon on a week
lay to have 1,400,000 population.
At Louisville, tho "bed or the Ohio" Is
aid just now to be a favorite promenade.
_
Nervous Debllltjr.
Thousands suffer Irom It. A weak
lervons, exhausted feeling, no energy, anmntinn
nr vmnr Inn intrila r>nnhi?P(l
lead, weak memory, nocturnal or Involintary
nominal cmialons, with low of
>ower and threatened Impotence. The
:onsequence ot exceaaea, orwwork or In-
liscretlona. Tlila Is Nervoos Debility,and
Inds a sovereign remedy In Humphrcy'a C
ilomcopathlo Specific No. Twenty-eight
rhounanda havo been cured by thCBO aim-
>le sugar pill*. They tone up the system
irrest the discharge*, dispel the gloom
ind mental depression, and rejuvenate the i
jstem. I'neo $3 lor a package of five
lojea and a tlal t>l powder, which la lmmrtant
In all old long-standing casef, or M
per stogie bo*. Sold by all first-class
Iruggiatn, ami aeut to any addrrw on ro:elpt
o? the price. Addreas Humphreys'
tptelflo Homeopathic Medlclno Co. 503
Jrondway, Now York. ?od?w
IIOW EYES ABE HADE.
"What do you think of this fellow
auks thu occuli&t of his clhmt. "Study
liia features, his look, anil aay frankly
what you Ibink "llo looks well enough,
answers the other, laboring usually under
some liltle emotion. "Well, Jean, reveal
your secret to thin gentleman." Whereupon
Jean introduces a kultting needle
under his eyelids, removes his eye, places
it in the Imnd of the astonished spectator
as unconcernedly as though it were a shirt
stud. How Is It possible to resist auch a
demonstration 1 These gentlemen charge
from Inrty to fllty francs for an eye.
The manufacturer of tho liuo du
Temple baa id entirely difleront
way of doing business. IIo U generally
a man pretty well Informed;
ilmple, polite, a littloo! an artist, a little
of a workman and littlu ol a tradesman.
He scarcely employs cither apprentice or
issiatant, except when he receives a good
order front soino naturalist fur animals'
jyee for his collection. All day long,
tealcd at n table at ouu end of bis work
room, bu works by the light of a spirit
lamp. Before bltu are arranged, In eilber
laliiw nr atlnlra tlm maloriulu naitil liv him
in his profession iiu lakes Utile enamel,
melts It, and by the aid ut a blow pipe,
slows it until It becomes a small ball at
be end ot tbe Instrument. This ball It
leatlned In represent tbe white of tbe eye.
He next takes some more enamel, wbich
colored this time, and lets a drop of II
all upon tbe corim.
Gently beating it at tho flame, It spreads
mtinloared spot,and eventually becomes
1st, and resembles the Irii. A darker
Iron olenumel placed In tbe same manner
n the centre of the Iris Imitates tho pupil.
The ball Is now detached from tbe blow)ipe,
cut to an oval shape, and smoothed
it tbe edges, so that on Introducing It
leneath the eyelid It may not wound any
>1 tho smaller nerves. These eyea coat
10 morothan from twenty to twenty-lira
rancs, which one can quite comprehend,
is there is neither heary rent to pay, nor
ho wages ol a livried cyclops.
The manulacturo ot artificial eyes Is
lolh difficult and tedious. It suits alike
loth men and women, and many of the
alter succeed well in It; It Is, moreover,
mo of tbe bust remunerated ol art lndusrlcs.
Most ol tbo work people are paid
)y piece-work?that is, so much an eye,
rarying from ten to tllteeu Iraucs, and a
:levcr workman will turn out Ills eye
wr diem. Others receive from the large
nanutacturers u share of tbo proceeds
irising from the sales ol eyes manul'aoured
by them, and bavo to take back any
yes not approved of by tho customers.
1'lioso they put on one side, to serve for
Ibelr stock in trade when they commence
business on their own account.
Unu of tlioso collections form a somewhat
curious sight. ltepoHlng upon wad
Hill# ui luu uouuiu ui u umwur uru nuv?ral
eyes, ranged sido by side, und exbibiuug
a singularity of expression. Borne
iro small, others large, somo black, others
iltie, hazel brown, bluish and greenish
jrey, nearly all brilllunt; all btvu a fixed
itaro?all iiro, in fact, looking you
hrough. On one side are laughing chlllrcns
eyes, next to theui the liquid-lookng
eyes ol young girls, tho languid eyes
>1 middle-aged women, eyes with an amiajIo
or sinister expression, severe official
;yes; then came tho old men's eyes,
ilightly filmy; and In a corner &ra
he worn-out eyes?eyes that liavo been
dready used, and have been returned by
he customers as models to mako other
iycs by. Tho camel's eye, after being exjosed
to the actiou of the atmosphere lor
otno months, loses aliko Its color and Its
ustor, and becomes opaque looking; a
hick, dingy coattntr of Bolldlfled buuiors
preads oror its polished aurlace, and It
ias a glassy look like the eyo ol a dead
>erson. "Touch them, you will do to
lurui," says tlio oculist to visitors, Just ai
bough It was a collection of colna or minimis
they were inspecting.
i 1111
For Sale,
pRUSTEE'8 SALE OF VALUABLE
JL HKAL BSTA'I K-AN OPPOHTDNITT
fOR OlPlTALlBTd ttBLDOM OFFERBD will
offer for mIc, In the city of Porta noulb,
)hlo upon WBDNKSDAY.the ltd of No?em er,
at public auction, the Furnace. Landa and
'eraonal Property belonging to ih? Boone
illnlnc And ManufucturliiK otnpany." described
lehw, and located In Carter and Lewla Oouutlea,
tmtucky.
FUltNACB flITB No. 1 la Mtnatcd onBnffale
Treek, containing fay 7,000 fcre?. adjoining the
vlebratedL MBBKT UK* BANK. ?l.b abundnee
of the aarae Iron ore op jii tola piopeity,
,nd timber almost untouched. Tbe Leilug ton
nd Big Bandy Hail ond, when completed, will
ea-h thla portion of the property.
FUhNAUK BlTrt No irmbracca aayT.OCOto
i.000 acrce, la loeated upon Orurf Creek, and
>ery rich In choice orea timber, llmeatone, A a.
rhe Improremeut* on thle property conrht of
Jlaat Furnace, now In ancceatlal operation; am*
lie tbeda for coal: More, aplendld warehouse,
aw and ftrlat mill, wagon ehop, atabloa, Mo. la
iddltlun to tho'o, ih?ie are nearly lirty tonetie it
lou^ea, and a number of fine farm* under f. see
ind cultivation. There la alto a lar^t quarry of
reoatone, aud a bank of aupetlur tUaiaaud.
I'ho Cincinnati and Ureat Btatcrn Nailioad wlil
ouch tbla portion of the propery
FUii*AC!?MlTB No a fuel mated upon Bruahjr
'ork, and embracte about B.OuO *cr?a naflijr
Inhered. and win unlimited aappiy of orea ai d
Inni-tuno. 'I Ji<*ro are ul?o auuiu'h roi tenement
ion<ea mid farm*, lu good ordor sod r.adytor
tCCQDtllCT
AL*?>. the celobrated ''BOONS LANDING)
'ARM, situated U|?oo tho Ohio rlrer, about ten
niloa bainw rorUmoatb, conrietliiK of about 100
cree of the flneet farming lands apoo thv Onlo.
t Is all under fence and cultivation. la ouh ui tt
ioat In idioms upon the river, and ha* a ware*
ion?e and a number of houfos and ?table*. In
oodordtr and cotultlon. 'Iho new y aurv?*fid
onto of the Cincinnati A Orrat B*st? rn Railroad
IUNB FKOM Tills FAR* DihBUTLY UP
40NT0UMHRY t'RRBHL TO TUB FUH> At'B
ROPBRPY, and will nudouhted'y be built as
laron county has Jostled off wltna tubicrip*
ion of nearly hull million of dollars
Furthrr details will be fornlfhtd prior to d?to
if sale, and the property will bi offered either
rhole or la part, aa may be deemed for the htsi
uteraate or the property
No such oppon unity for a rapid and mceessful
[peculation In real estate baa b<*n offertd In thla
ecllon for years
Adlrni CHABLEd MEND8NOALL,
rrnalw D. M. and M comi*?Jf, No. 81 Wat
Front 8trc?l, Cincinnati, (Jhio. octl-M
1 1
Q 0. K E M D h K,
iroliltoct and Nnperintendent,
ornoa: No. 17 1IARXBT ST.*
0A ifD Elf, y. J.
urctero irom aautanoo wui receira prompt at?
entliin. uc84
J H. FAIRFAX,
ARCHITECT AND SUPERINTEND EITT.
JmcM-CrangU Block. Market fit, Wboellnf,
W. Va, and 4JN. Id St., Zanearill*.O.
af*^ee!a'1 attontlon giren to Tobllo BnlMlnga.
IVTONTANA A BEAR DUCK FOR
LVJL ftooflln# Steamboat* and BarRot, on hand
md for aalo low for cMh.
(V>hT i'HARIJM B. BIHHYI
riVERPOOL 8ALT.-50 BACKS
Li Liverpool Table Salt. Joat rtctlved and
or *aJe by
ocfl M. RBI LIT.
JJIOK DYSPEPSIA, USE McLAIN'8
Vegetable Cathartic Pills