sV".-""
ircrow
Ipjp?!-"
mJ Jb-L-1 -ii.-
F'ii-
-SISWSessas3cS2535
rr;
'.v'
2
-ss-iwf;: vtrf? v
v
THTB TJiAVlTOWnBTH WK1KI.T .TIMID THTHtHDAV. ncrmltIRR
-it"
1 -a-area- a-R--amaamsa-amm- mm ma i "-w i m a-amm w
PWRW-t.
PSsr
v


1
hi-
Wht
f-V
-v
lv-.
ESfc.
N
iVfl

7
rr-c-x
ETjT
ks.'
B
CT-iSL

YTl

fkr
ff-
,vv

sir.
j-nJS-
r
n.s
trt
-."SL
irr
f 'r t:
?Wi
iz&r
r--
"ii?-
5rrX
flKGatAAtifv TTttlttVCI
UaHE f RID ayJUlU5l
lD!eVVfjg
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20 J 671.
SrARTI.IN'tt
The St. Joseph Herald of yesterday ears
tareattempts have been made to burn
thatcity within two d.ys pat. This indeed
is fartling intelligence
BECf.ICU.
We arc pleased to learn that Hon. Thomas
P. Fenlon has declined, to accept the nomi
nation for Representative from the Fourth
Ward. Mr. F. takes this course in pursu
ance of an agreement, made before the pri
mary meeting, not to run, provided Mr. Far
rott would accept. This course is honorable
and fair on the part of Mr. F., and leaves
the race open and clear to Mr. Parrott.
AXOT1IEK TRIBUTE.
We publish the following brief extract
from abetter to the Great Western Foun
dry from Worthington Son, which shows
that the noble action'of Our ciliiens toward
Chicago is fully appreciated in that city. The
letter says:
"We cannot wile a letter to generous
Xeavenworth, without expressing the grati
tude that Chicago feels for her timely and
more than generous aid."
Up to the present time, the people of this
city have contributed in money and other
wipe about $20,000 to the great relief funr".
We have done well.
j:rrr:u.4fA.H acsr work.
It u cuiicJed fct that the Democracy
made a miserably weak ticket on Tuesday
last. It is also true that Republican know,
that fact,and it is right there where a mistake
is liable to be made. We trust the candi
date and every Republican who desires the
success of the party will put forth the same
effort that would nave been made, had the
Democrats placed their strongest men in the
field. If we were certain of electing our
whole ticket by an even ."iOO majority with
out effort, let us go to work and make that
majority one greater. We see a disposition
to do this, and hope the interest will be kept
up until the evening of November the 7th.
Tin: PRESS.
The immortality of the press was, perhaps,
never so strikingly shown a in the fact that,
notwithstanding the complete destruction of
all the great dailies of Chicago by the late
fire the offices, presses, type, everything
which entered into their coiniosition were
awept away into utter annihilation, they have
without exception re-apiieared, while yet the
ashes are hot under their feet, and the ember.
of the conflagration arc smouldering all
around them. This is certainly the creation
of life from under the very ribs of death
itself, and conveys some faint idea of the
deathless vigor and vitality which inhere in
that subtle essence called "the press," and
which neither flood cor flame can destroy.
HE DO.N'T ACCEPT.
The following dispatch was received yes
terday from Col. II. C. Haas:
Newtox, Kansas, Cct.19, 1371.
Toll. L. JMhrnbnyer-
I will not accept the nomination.
H. C. Haas.
So it goes. Diefendorf declines to be the
Democratic candidate for County Surveyor,
and now Col. H. C. Haas declines to be their
candidate for Railroad Assessor, as we well
knew be would. Some two or three more
talk of declining. We would kindly suggest,
that for the sake of a compromise that the
Democracy throw up the sponge and vote
the clean Republican ticket. The effort to
induce Republicans to take a place upon
their ticket has failed. The whole party
have got the blues, and even the usual po
tions of blue ruin don't seem to revive them.
Ill EHEMIEN DOVT WAX! C TO
HAVE IIARSIO.NY.
"and the Republican
Convention, which, after a hand-to-hand
fight between Col JcnnTson and D. R. An
thony, resulted in the victory of the former,
and his nomination to the State Senate by a
Ota of thirty-nine to eight. Cor. Si. IJouis
Journal.
The correspondent who wrote the aim e
was misinformed. There was no such con
test. Col. Anthony did not go near the Con
vention, nor urge a word of preference of a
public nature for or against any candidate.
He did not say a word as to what it ought
to do, except to counsel harmony and peace
among Repuqlicans, and the ticket which
wa nominated was cheerfully hoisted at the
he.vl of onr columns, and heartily endorsed.
We me lor peace, hard work, and an over
whelming victory this fall, not only in Leav
enworth County, but throughout Kansas, and
we are being encouraged in this coarse every
day by the best men of our party. But our
Demies do not wish for us to bave harmony.
They can't hely it. Jennison will be elected
by 1,000 majority.
WAR Sl'ECKM.
The violent siezure of a schooner in Nova
Sio'ia waters, which had been captured by
the Dominion cruisers, and her return to

.Boston, amid great enthusiasm, with our
revenue cutters and EnglWi gunboats cruis
ing upon the same waters, the one to protect
aad the other to recapture, is a sjicck of war,
which has appeared like a spot upon the sun.
Sot it mmt pass away. So small a tiling
should be adjusted without delay.
In Libeiia, the colored Republic of Africa,
there are rumors of civil war, upon the Pres
ideatial tenure of office, &c. This is another
peek upon the horizon, and has resulted in
commotions of a turbulent nature already.
England has begun a review of her militia
system; has abolished the purchanse of com
w) Warms, and in this manner attempted to
popularize the army, and make it more in
Jaror with the masses.
In Aoatria, military reforms of great mag
itade are being discussed; and other powers
are moving in the tame direction. Even the
Saltan has ordered many changes in the
it of managing bis forces; and thus all
Earope, instead of traveling toward peace, is
preparing for war on a most eicantic scale.
BMASBItWA.
The Republicans carried the State election
is Iowa on the 10th, by from 20,000 to 30,
600 majority on a light vote. They have
1 acted a huge majority of both houses of the
Legislature, which will elect a United State
ficaator.
The Chicago calamity caused such a gene
tal aad profound excitement throughout that
State that the election was a secondary mat
ter. The Democrats have carried 2 of tlie 3
Senators from Hamilton county, Ohio, with
five of the ten Representatives, though Gen.
Koyes has 1.415 majority for Governor.
Thin result wa effected by anti-Temperance
'ad anti-Sunday law agitation, which carried
off most of the German Toters. The Senate
will nirqmiitlj stand 18 Democrats to 18
SepoblicaBs; the House 57 Republican to
46 Democrats and one doubtful. Republican
majority in joint ballot 10 or 12. General
Keyer majority for Governor will vary little
Jsam 30.000. The Senate would have been
mapablieaa bnt for the refusal of the Demo-
hwc inspectors of Jefieraon township, Mont
fmy comity, to receive the rotes of the
mar aad crippled veterans whose home
blUlGlimryAsylmn, near Dayton. 8ir
maadredoi'taemoaered their votes, aad,
smpavw ijm...- .y ywiaaMfc
Syf-s afc. Tfedr vatas. if CoaaUd. elect 8aW.
?iSlf.''.J -rr
x--immMmm nmmm m ""ft lannay.
'VWaatawifeatiae retarat eaaamalw
-'--1--- 'TfiLsTiiMMn
'Z-z&s--- J -V j
aasawwar
ft 1VKS.K LIE.
The Republican Convention was. ni-estaon
to-dav,thc ddrf interest center.,.:: in the
.,ht' between D. R. Anthony, of The
Times ana uoi. jemiison, u" ""r"""
intr.t candidate for llie senatorial
incr.t candidate mriiie senaiunai
i. .:,r,. is mis-a re-aniiortiomneiit of the
State and n Leaenworth is desirocs of
having the congressional districts so arrang
ed that phe may recur a member of the
lower house, and the position will be one of
ome significance. This both Anthony and
Jamison understood fully, and as Anthony,
who is ambitious of Congressional honors,
can hardlv be conidered as en rapport with
Jcnni-on," he determined to defeat Jennuon
through his influence with the recently en
franchised ons of Ham, and accordingly op
erated with that end in view. But his effoits
were futile, as the result showed, Jennison
being nominated on the first ballot by a vote
of thirtv-nine to eight. Of course his elec
tion is avured, as a majority of Democrats
will su-tain him at the olls. IVias, Leav
en worth Correspondent St..I.uis Journal uf
Cunincrec.
The truth is, Col. Jennuon called uiion us
at the office of The Times, htfore the Re
publican County Convention emnvened, and
told us that he was a candidate for the office
of State Sei&tor.
We answered him promptly; assuring him
that Tiik Times, being the organ of the Re
publican party, would take no action for or
arairut any candidate, hut when the nomi
nations were made The Times would hoist
the ticket, if fairly nominated, and that If he
(the Col.) was nominated, we would cordially
support him.
The delegates of the County Convention
were fairly chosen by a large vote of Repub
licans, and the ticket was, in our humble
opinion, fairly and honestly nominated by
the Convention. Each and every nomination
on the ticket, from top to bottom, and bot
tom to tcp, in ward, dii trict and county, is
our per--on.il friend Fjch and all are true
Republican, and all will 1 eleced by ma
jorities ranging all the way up to one thou
sand. The correspondent, lento," if he lives
in this city, (he doea live here) knew these
facts, and knew when he wrote, that he wts
writing ajsilful falsehood.
It is, however, Only another puerile eilurt
to falsify and misrcprrfcnl, and will recoil
upon the auihor and the Democratic parly,
by an increased Republican majority.
We assure the Journal that the party is
thoroughly united; never so solid as now.
We don't know ot one di-aflccted Republi
can. AH Mich weak, silly lies as the above
only weaken the Democracy and strengthen
the Republicans. Will the Journal le kind
enough to let its readers see this article in
its columns?
THE FIXAM'IAL OUTLOOK.
It wouIJ lie impossible, says an able it
temnorarv. to wine out of existence such a
vast amount of property as was destroyed in
Chicago, without producing a financial dis
turbance, but wc believe there need bo no
fears of a financial panic. The outlook is
cheering and reas-uring. Hon. II. E. Hurl
hurt, Comptroller of the currency, telegraphs
to Mr. BoutKell thai "the banks are all
sound, and are joying every dollar on de
mand. Good feelinc prevails. ihi an
nouncement officially made, cannot fail to
restore credit and confidence in all financial
ircle. There has been no ran on the
Dinks. They are now Miccssfnlly transacting
their regular business. The feeling in New
York i" daily growing lietter. There may
yet lc a little unsteadiness in the money
market, but the indications arc that it will
not continue. Confidence is rapidly licing
established. The shipments of currency to
Chicago hae been made in such v.T-t
amounts that the money market is neccessa
rily stringent, and borrowers arc compelltd
to pay a dear rate of interest, but there is
nothing Ixirdering on a panic
Tlie Jleetiaa- Yraterdajr.
Elsewhere wc publish in full the interest
ing proceedings at the State Republican
meeting in this city yesterday. Leading Re
publicans were present from all sections of
the State, and representing lmth the late
wings. The ientiment was all but unani
mous for harmony, the sole note of discord
coming from two gentlemen one of them
all the way from New York city purort
ing to present the action of the liberal com
mittee. That august body sat with closed
doors and without a quorum. After the
reading of their resolutions, some tour of the
Bame committee present arose and emphati
cally repudiated them, and it is underrfocd
that six others of the committee are ready to
join in the repudiation
The meeting unanimously and carneslty
recommends to each of the two committees
to nnite w.th the other in calling one con
vention ot delegates from all the Republi
cans of the State, to choose delegates to the
State Convention. This unanimous action
of such a meeting will be unanimously en
dorsed by all hon&t Republicans from one
end of the State to the other, and can mc t
no dissent but from the enemies of the R
publican cause. St. Louis Democrat.
tEITE A BEAHT.
Six hundred kecs ol powder blew up on a
freight train, near Cheyenne, on the 17th
inst, blowing the car to atoms, but killing
no one. The kegs which were not ignited
were blown in all direction". The track was
depressed at least six inches, but none of the
cars were thrown from the track. The train
was six miles out from the city, but the ex
plosion was distinctly heard there.
A STRAIGHT FORWARD Bl'SlXES
LETTER.
AUKUCAN" Cktl Insusasce Co.,
St. Locis, Oct. 16, 1S71
D. R. Anthony, Secy., LeaTenworth, K:
Col: Yon seem to be waiting to hear
from somebody. I am at leisure and will
write you. Our Chicago losses are, of course,
what you want to hear of. They arc heavy;
amounting in all to nearly $275,000, les
salvage.
No body to blame, Col., any more than to
blame you for taking tip top ri.-ks in the
different blocks of Leavenworth. In the fire
of the 1st loss S700.000 we had not a
cent. In the fire of the 7th loss $900,000
also, we had not one rent. This consumed
four entire frame blocks. Up to Sunday
noon twelve entire blocks having been dc.
stroyed, and we had not yet lost a cent. Rut
at this point the fire crossed the river; was
in on Farwell Co., Field, Lcner Co
'Times," "Tribune," "Journal," the Sher
aton, Tremont, and otter hotels, and our
losses commenced and continued while the
fire melted down the best blocks of Chicago
for a distance of over four miles by one wide.
Twenty-seven New York Companies are
broke, as per letter before me, from one New
York Manager, who took $1,200 premiums
in one day for us, and says he will send ns
from $10,000 to $12,000 at the end of the
month. Risks'tliat .ere written on freely,
before the fire at 4V, now command So and
90c, and he says he will raise to SI.
I enclose you part of the St. Louis J)u
patck, of the 12th inst. Please insert in Tnn
fms, the editorial marked in the Dirpateh,
and send your bill to the Company.
St. Louis stock holders are waiving the
time for payment, given in the resolution,
making an assesment, and so arc some
branches. We may be able to pay the Chi
cago losses without disturbing our United
States bonds. Your truly,
lKvin Rorjck, General Agt m.
Edwix L. Carjtey, aged nineteen years,
nn nf Gsmsr Garner of Lamiii.rili
the first boy to enter Harvard or any other
college, prepared in the public schools of
Fsnnai The fcculty cud not believe that
saw who bad oalr been in the public arhonln
of the to off Kansas, could pass eramination
bat ae did in a maaaer mat was a credit to
ah State. ftsfa JPaaoeral.
m
Tmwmmym'M Yerfc ereaaboat
moBtMOTsraaasry. us atom
lafhgaRl.Mil,aaditii
T'mmaamsfNaHmg
MI ALT. OCn PUBLIC WOXIES BE BE.
The little fight for the nomination of
Treasurer, which has just taken place, sug
gests the aiove question to the mind of -11
laypayer.
I will an-wer that question by stating
what I think a careful, prudent, and honest
individual would do with his private funds,
and I think a careful, prudent, fair-minded
Trea-urer will follow the same rules.
First, I think that as fast as he receives
money he will pay his debts that are due.
"ext, he will pay debts not due, but that
will liecome due before he expects to receive
any more money, provided he is allowed a
discount equal to the interest at a legal rate.
If he lias any funds left that he cannot use in
this way heVill deposit in some of the banks
because their bansk and safes are more secure
than most of private safes. In selectiug
imiks to dejosit he will select those that are
recognized as the most respectable, and if he
has a large amount he will be very apt to
divide it among t everal of them.
Now whatare the facts us regards, our city
and county bonds. Will any one say that
either the'County Treaiurer or City Treatu
rerhavr selected" the strongest tanks or bank
ers? Have they selected lhoe that do nio-t
to soppoK the County or City government?
Have they not on the contrary, seiecu-u me
very opposite?
The three chartered banki pay into the
County and City Treasury about SIG.OoO.
The private lank?, including both the Coun
ty and City dejioitory, pay comparatiiely
nothing.
This deficiincy might be mail; up in jer
sonal returns, but the assessor's books do not
show that to be the case. This amount i
collected from the tax-paying institution-,
and deposited with non-tax-paying banks.
My opinion is that if the County Board
and City Council, together with the County
and City Trea-urtrs, would do their whole
duty there would be very little necetty for
reporting to banks to take care of the people's
money. The peo le would get it in pay
ment of their fcrip, bonJs, coupons, c
The interest s opjed on all tbee would more
than balance any interest tlie people can get
from the banks.
If lanks mut be resorted to to take charge
of the public monev, (-elect the most restion-
tible, divide the deposits, ghre preference nc-
cordim; to taxes received, and let all stand
on their own merits, without bol-tcrirg up
bv countv or city monev.
Tax-I'ayek.
'IIH'iO ITEMS.
From late numbers of the Chicago pajrs
we compile the following items of interest:
Aftir four weeks of drouth, rain fell in
abundance throughout the Northwest,
Tuesday night.
Theuse of kerosene in inflammable places
and the smoking of pipes aud cigars on tl e
street'1, are prohibited by the Mayor.
In view of the small supply of water liie
sash and blind factories are clo-ed until fur
ther order".
The e'timakd amount of shipping de
stroyed is $180,000.
Mr. Lander,thetragedienne, lost all her
baggage.
Alliert Crwby's pcr-ona! loss is $l,2"i0,-
(lOO. He commences to rebuild immedi
ately. John 11. Drake's loes reach $700,000.
The hotels are located as follows: The
proprietors of the .Sherman Hoi:e have
liought P. W. Gates' Hotel, corner Clinton
and Madison streets, and will open immedi
ately. The Malteson House proprietors can
be found at 570 Wet Washington street,
where all buin-s will he transacted. lne
Tremont House proprietors have purchased
the Michigan Avenue Hotel, where they are
now stationed. The lirijrgs House i at tuc
Laclede Hotel, near Madison street bridge,
where hosts Wer.tworth Woolworth can Ik?
found ready to entertain guests.
A once rich man. who tried to lawn or
procure some money on a valuable diamond
ring and pin, couldn't get a cent.
Sujierintendcnt Kennedy has given or
ders to the police to arrest all su-picious char
acters and keep them in the lock-up until
further notice, without trial.
Nothing but the near approach of win
ter prevents general building' opciations on
the burned district being commenced.
The business and northern portion of the
city, for ome months to come, will resemble
a new territorial settlement. Frame shan
ties are Iieing erected all over the burned dis.
trict.
The Lake Park, from Randolph lo
Twelfth street.has been loaned to merchant-,
and temporary buildings are to be erected
immediately.
The great historical tainting of the b it-
tle of Gettysburg was saved, although "light
ly torn in the sky.
The U. S. Cii'tom House, which was
built as n tire-proof, is denounced as a fraud.
About $1,830,000 in greenbacks were burned
in its vaults.
The Chicago papers present a very hand
some appearance, are filled with advertise
ments, and speak in hopeful terms of tl,p
future of thecitv.
llr. JIcsllleott'M Letter lo Hra. Kulli.
The following is a copy of the letter writ
ten by Dr Medlicott while in jail at Law
rence, to Mrs. Ruth, alluded to in Johnson's
testimony
My Pbetty, Pretty Baby: God hle-s
you, darling! Oh, Heaven, how much longer
shall we oe parieur it is lonure auove
measure. lut wtiy complain? lime, 1
doubt not, will acqjit me,although the dark
ness is thickening more and more, etili the
darkest hour may be with me oh, I pray it
-just before dawn. A still happy tiiture
await", and it it he out an hour, will it not
be a grand triumph?
And now, my child, how do you dor Uh,
how often I know you are in need of svmpa-
thy, a loving word and no one to comtort
you. Ood grant it may not long be o. til
tins is what nearly distracts me. J he reports
and false statements which iiave been so sys
tematically kept afloat, I care nothing. lor
it only in the minds of a lew may opprc-s
my character, but they cannot all influence
the main isue. My counsel assure me there
is no danger with regard to the result. You
doubtless know of the second charge that will
oe brought against me. This will not onlv,
so far as it may influence private opin
ion, complicate my present trial; if an
indictment on this second charge be made.
it will keep me confined for a longtime. My
health is prettv good, but indigestion. I
suffer with headache a great deat, no doubt
due to impure air. Will keep in good heart,
all but this terrible separation from you. I
am still firm in my faith, i cannot think.
oh, I will not until you say so, th it the
slighest shadow of change has taken place in
our love. I speak as I would answer to final
account, that 1 would rather spend the re
mainder of my days with you, altough it may
be in poverty and disgrace, and will doubt
less be at the sacrifice of all our relatives and
friends, tlian in a mansion alone. Nay, may
I be forgiven if I err, but sooner would I go
to perdition with you than to glory alone.
Oh, my love for you. child, is keeping pace
with the season. It his just commenced to
grow.
If my sister calls upon you, lie prudent,
fo'r she might he put upon the stand to
testify to what was said. Ask to see her
privately. Do not exchange too many vis
its or the public might remark. I expect to
hare a friend who will visit you, and if he
does he will cary a pms-word. 1 am pretty
sure of his friendship. You can form your
own opinion.
Now, my lovely child, good by. Despair
not; be of. good cheer. Yon know not how
important it is to lie prudent in what you
say and do; you arc closelr watched. Ifvou
write me, be careful how you do it, and by
whom you send it.
If I could bnt deliver these kisses in per
son but I send them on paper. A kiss to
each one of your little ones and "mizpah.',
Oh, hijptn! since each must drain
Our brr of pleasure shreofp in.
Oh happy us! WloT'dofheaTn,
To ui llie mingled cup ts givvn
Our lenient sorrows find relief.
Our Joys are chastened by our crief
Your own
J.
I Xllllaaa.
Tarns il Pacha, Khedive or Viceroy of
Egypt, is not only one of the most absolute
rulers of modern times, bat isunqaestionably
oae of the richest, his fortune being estimat
ed at tbite hundred million of dollars. Be
lives in a palace that cost only twice as mock
New York County Court House,
mat the ararasr nf plaitrrias- plmab
aaniiai naa maajuli hoatstT aad good judgemest, to meet tne mweu wr BioHvsa, amiawramexaa-ramot. y"T 5rT ZTtLTTLl rZrrL.'m:JZm7?' Vtr. ISstaaaa, taos armm- tmreltra iato what w
-a-r; iiliiiiurr "f limliai tt WpV action la the para of taaJaatoraa-aty aaar art aaaw asssnen logau-n saTat r nil fit It I aalaj nam asm, aad aabjectiag Booaparuai euawi
fS -UJ-JIlUlifL !?V J: "T-T!. Jy r? tmm tr tl Am eaaammaof the awamat. .maay. wJatrkat MtaallUL st l;, law-sTailJaaT u n- Em. Martial
OTaTB Ysmse R-REAM.
A Toast- Married laxly Letter to tier
anai.
Tlie following choice bit of sarcasm, from
the Metropolitan Record, which purports to
have been written by a young wife in New
York to her prim and spectac.ed maiden
aunt in Boston, may. in truth, have been in
dicted by the latter lady herself, with a
view to expoe the absurd infatuation with
which girl brides shut themselves up in the
delusion that their Lusbands are embodie
menu of perfection. If the old lady did
write the document it was hardly fair of her
to go and palm it oil on the innocence of in
experienced bridebood.
AS EXHAUSTED HUSBAND.
My Deab Auxt: Although you told me
when I invited you to my wedding, that -I
was too yocng to marry, and not canahle of
choosing a mate for lite properly and with
due consideration, I know that you may now
leei mail wa&mucn wiser than you thought.
In selecting dear Orlando I have gained a
most affectionate and attent've husband, and
one who has neither a fault nor a vice.
Heavens! What must a girl sufler who
finds herelf united to a dissipated jierson,
neglected of her, and dispced to seek the so
ciety of unworthy persons, who drink,
smoke, and do all sorts of dreadful things!
Thank Heaven, Orlando is perfection.
To-day is my eighteenth birthday, and we
have lieen married a year. We keep house
now, and 1 can make pretty good pie, only
ihenndercrutwill be damp. However, I
think that must be the oven. Once I put
peppermint in the puddiug sauce instead of
lemon flavoring; but then Orlando was try
ing to Uv) me, right before the girl, who
didn't much like either of us going into the
kitchen at all.
The flowers are coming up beautifully in
the back garden. We sowed a great many
seeds, b'lt hardly expected so many plants.
Aniorg the mo-t numerous is one variety
with a large leaf that ecratcnes one's fin
ger, and don't smell nice. I wonder what
it is. Orlando frightens me by talking about
weed; but seeds always come up, don't
they?
Dear Orlando! I come back to him again
so excellent, temperate aud clear. Tell
the girls to marry as soon as they can, if
they can hnd a hu-band like mine.
1 have but one trial business takes him
so much away from me. A lawyer mut at
tend to ba-inesj, you know; and sometimes
they carry on the caes until two at night.
Ollen and often he has examined witnesses
until last twelve and come home perfectly
exhausted. And the nasty things will
smoke so tint his coat quite smells of it.
And as it makes him as ill as it does me, I
have to air it, and sprinkle eclogue on the
lining !efore he dares put it on again.
I bad a terrible (right the other night
dreadful. Orlando told me that business
I think be said it was a case of life and
death would detain lum late, bo 1 sat up
as I usually did, with a book, and did not
worry until about one o'clock. After that I
was a little anxious, I confess, and caught
a cold in my head peeping out the upstairs
window blinds; for, I heard a cab driving
up the street, anfi I Saw it stop at our door;
then 1 1110111:111 1 should laiut. for 1 was
sure some dreadful accident had happened to
Orlando.
I ran down to ojen the door, and Mr.
Smith, a friend of Orlando's who is not, I
confess verv much to my tate 'iich a red-
faced, noisv man, was supporting my dear
Iwy up the steiis.
"Oh, what has happened?" cried 1.
"Don't be frightened, Mrs. White," said
.Mr. Smith. "Nothing at all, only Mr.
White is a little exhausted. Application- to
biisiucs will exhaust a man, unit I thought
I would bring him home."
"All right, Belle," said Orlando. "Smitl
tells the truth I'm exhausted."
And dearest aunt, he was so.mucli so that
he spoke thick, and couldn t stand up with
out tottering. Mr. Smith was kind enough
to help him up stairs, and ia:d lum iioii
the tied, so prostrated that I thought be was
going to i!ic. Then I remembered the
Frinch brandy you gave me in case of sick
ness. ran to get it out.
"Have a little brandy and water dear?'' I
said.
"The very thing. Smith is exhausted, too.
(live some to Smith," hesaid.
And so I reproached myscll for not having
thought ot it hefore .Mr. smith was gone.
But I gave a glass to Orlando, and under
Providence I think I saved his life; for, oh,
how bail he was!
"Belle,"' said he quite faltering in his
speech, "the room i- going around so fat
that I can't catch your eye. And besides,
there pre two of you, and I don't know
which is which."
I knew the-e were dreadful symptoms.
"Take a drink, dear," said I, "and I'll
trv to wakeMarv and send her for the doc
tor."
"No," said he, "I'll le all right in the
morning. I'm all right'" now. Here's yonr
health You're a brick. 1 and 1 fell
asleep.
Oh, why do men like to think so much of
money making? Ts not health better than
anything ele?
Of course, as he laid down in his hat, I
took that oil first. And I managed to divert
him of his coat. But when it came to his
boot dearfc.: aunt, did you ever take off a
gentleman's Iwots? Probably not, as jou
are a single lady what a task How do
they get them oil? I pulled, and shook,
and wriggled, and gave it up. But it would
not do to leave them on all night; I went at
it again and one came oil so suddenly, and
over I went on the floor and into his hat,
which I had put down for a minute. I
could have cried. And the other one came
oil in the same way, ju-t as hard, and just as
sudden at last. Thin I put a soft blanket
over Orlando and sat in my sewing chair all
night Oh, how heavily he breathed, and I
had, as you may fancy, the most dreadful
fears. He might have killed himself with
over application to business for all I knew.
Tlie perfect ones go first it is said.
Oh, how differently should I have felt had
anything have happened to my dear Orlan
do. He has not had so exhausting a dav
since, and I think he sees the folly of ov er
work, though if courts will keep open so late
what can iioor lawyers do? I Unnfc it is
very inconsiderate in the Judge. I wonder
if he has a wife the mean old thing.
r'or Printers.
Through the exertions of President Far
quharand the officers of the Typographical
Union, over two hundred printers left the
city during the past week. These men will
be provided with employment in the neigh
boring cities where unions exist, and are suji
plied with sufficient funds by the union here to
reach their destination. The headquarters
of the union are crowded daily, and all the
committees are busy in securing provisions
from the Central Committee for the support
of families permanently located here, and
who cannot leave the city until sufficient
funds from the unions in the international
organization are received. Up to 6 o'clock
last night, President Farquhar received dis
patches from Hannibal, (Mo.) Union, send
ing $49; Kansas City (Mo.) Union, S1C0;
Leavenworth (Kan.) Union, $100; Albany
(N. Y.) Union, $2o0; New Albany (Ind.)
Union, $23; Washington City Union, $1,
NW; Little Rock (Ark) Union, $200. Dur
ing the day, Col. N. R Ruckle, Treasurer ot
the Indianapolis Union, arrived at the head
quarters with $300, contributed by hi
union. It is exected that the larger unions
like New York, Philidclphia, and New Or
leans will be heard from to-day, and, judged
by the amounts already received, it is sale to
say that the one hundred and fifty unions in
the United States and Canada will swell the
amount of the contributions for the relief of
the Chicago Union printers to $20,000 or
2o.000r-Cflieuj9 Journal.
A Few
tfrrmt Fire or
Amrrlra.
Europe nod
London, 16CG, 13,200 buildings destroyed;
loss $55,000,000.
Moscow, 1812, 30,000 buildings burned;
loss; $150,000,000. Only 6,000 buildings
left standing.
Savannah, 1S20, 4C3 buildings burned;
loss. SS.000.000.
New York, 1S35, CIS buildings burned;
loss $18,000,000.
Pith-burg, 1815, 1,200 buildings burned;
loss, $5,000,000.
St. Loui', 1849. 41S buildings and twenty
seven steamboats burned loss, $5,000,000.
San Francisco, 1S51, 2,500 buildings burn
ed; loss, $17,000,000.
Constanstanlinople, 1S52, 3,500 buildings
burned.
Hamburg, 1S52, 1,747 buildings burned.
Constantinople, 1S70, over 7,000 buildings
burned, 1,000 lives, and $25,000,000 worth
of property lost.
Attierlrnn t'rntral Innuranrr -4im-paar.
The action of the trustee of the above
company yesterday, as detailed in the state
ment rublished elsewhere, is snch as
to elevate the standing of the American Cen
tral to a position even better tiian it has al
ways occupied in the public estimation. The
company had sustained a heavy loss by the
Chicago conflagration, aad the leading offi-
cers and representatives of the company bad
tfce requisite amount of nerve, backed up by
of meeting promptly all claims, bave woa
rr
public coaodeaee in a marked maaaer, aaa
we predict for them a nature brilliant career.
All their losses by the Chicago fire will be
immediatly adjusted. Seeing what the lead
ing officers of the company have done, the
stockholders will willingly respond lo the as
sessment, and the statement ot condition
published elsewhere, will give policy holders
and others interested the fullest confidence
in the company. We take pleasure in eulo
gizing this noble and liberal action on the
part of oae of oar leadaa; home companies,
and recommend oar dtisens generally to aid
in building op the businm of the Amenc n
Central, so long ss it is controled by such
wise counsels. -St. Louit Dvrpaleh.
Wall Street.
The following are the news of a New
York broker, as reported in the columns of
the Herald, in regard to financial affairs at
present and the future outlook from the
standpoint of the Chicago calamity:
"Failures are only individual misfortunes.
A few men lose, but there is just as much to
eat and drink and drink and wear, just as
many houses and buildings, just as much
stored up wealth of all kinds as before. But
her-' in Chicago, three hundred millions of
dollars' worth of property two hundred
millions of it at least being employed as
capital in producing fresh wealth, and only
me remaining nunareu million cuusuuiag oi
books and pictures and articles of luxury and
ornament that are not absolutely essential
to the well-being of the people have been
licked cut of existence for ever and ever by
a sea of flame. The effect of that destruc
tion is going to be a terrific tightening of the
money market for months and years to come.
Money is always at ten or twelve per cent,
in the Western cities; it is going lo be worth
fifteen or twenty out there and ten per cent,
in the East during many months of the im
mediate future. It cannot be otherwise.
And when money is in such an unnaturally
active condition there is going to be a general
and universal shrinkage ot all American
values.
"Oh, we can borrow a bagatelle like
three lui' dred millions from Europe.
"From Europe? No such thing. Europe
is to-djy poorer than she has been for many
years. The Franco-Prussian war and the
immense armaments that the unsettled state
of the Continent has forced the various gov
ernments to maintain, has impoverished all
people'. Why, just look at how many
bankrupt governments there are over there?
Austria, Turkey, Egypt, Spain, Greece,
Konmania a pretty list of4 lame ducks;
France and Germany are both hard pressed,
and Kngland, through richer, cannot supply
the entire world with money, especially in
her present. critical and agitated condition.
The wave-, of this Chicago fire are going to
be elt in vverv great monev center all over
the civilized world."
RbrncS on llie Prairie.
A Manhattan ia-er says of a prairie tire in
that vicinity:
1 doubt it ever the Roman legions, en
camped upon the hills around Jerusalem,
looked more grand or terrible than the ranks
of the tire fiend that marched and counter
marched Iat night upon the hills around
Manhattan. Early in the day, driven by the
wind, the tire was seen airprocciuni: from
the southeast, coming apparently from the
head of McDowell creek. Grave nppre
het.cions were felt, lest damage might be
done when the fire reached the valley, and
in the aiternoon, when the Haines were
seen leaping upon the hill toiis, and dense
smoke poured from the ravines, manr citi
zen crossed the river to contend with the ad-
lauuuB bjt.
The railroad near town had lepatrolIcd"F VlKi'JrL iV."T
all day, lest the prairie iion this side should
lie fired by the engines pissing.
The mokc grew moredenae, and rumors
of dam;tis dimage filled the street.
Hut the fire was seen to divide, part pass
ing to the ea-t, down the Kan as, anil part
westward, far up the river. Jut at duslc, a
number of citizens, almost unrecogniza
ble from smoke and cinders, came
trom the othe bide of the river and
reported the danger past. The fire hail been
beaten back from the very doorways of sev
eral farmers on the south side A few stacks
had lieeu burned, but in only one instance
had the fire penetrated to the bottom; there,
dashing through two large cornfield', it had
reached and burned 160 tons of hay lor Wm.
Stingley.
Rut soon il was found that Wm. and
DanM Anderson having been in town, and
made arrangements with Mr. Purcell to
begin work upon his new buildings on the
morrow, had attempted to return to their
homes on Deep creek. About two and
a half miles out they met the fire and at
tempted to drive through it, bnt their horses
were frightened and turned short into a
ravine filled with tall grass and brush, and
there they all perished. Nothing was left
of the wagon hut the irons; the horses diet!
in the fire. The men were carried to the
house of Mr. Colburn and carefully cared
for, bit this a'ternoon they both have died.
One leaves a wife and two children; the other
was latelv married.
,1.:. l...l.l
4iluliiloneon The InteraiUJonal.
Mr. Gladstone while at Aberdeen recently
received a deputation from the Aberdeen
United Tradet Council, who presented him
with an address from the working classes of
thecitv. In his reply the Premier, refer
ring to the questions now being agitated in
the relations between opit.il and labor, said:
With re-pect to that remarkable combina
tion that has lately been formed under the
name of the International Society, no person
can que-tiou. I think, that that may grow
into an institution productive of imjiortaiit.
and in some cases, of critical results; but I
cannot help saying that as regards this
country, I take a sanguine view of the ques
tion between capital and labor. There is n
great deal to adjust, a great deal to rectify
and improve; but I am persuaded that
among ourselves, in the dispositions and
qualities both of capitalists and laborers, tike.-
as classes, we have good materials for
having it adjusted, and nothing can be more
legitimate, nothing can be more proper, ar.d
nothing more salutary, than that combina
tion of wotking classes for the purpose of se
curing their own position with regard to the
fruits of their industry. I have not the least
fear I may be right or I may be wrong, but
in tnv opinion there need be no anprehen-
s on that the agency created for :i iVgiti-
uiatt purpose will lie turned loan ii'eili
mate purpose, and I do confidently hope that
iroui year lo year we shall see the relations
between capital and labor placed en a- more
satisfactory bisis.
"MiMleorJIanactBfr k Renllieltume.
A gi o-jm mounted on a high mettled hun
ter entered the street of Coldstream, and
ti lien opiKxite Sir John Majorbank's monu
ment the horse liegan to plunge and revr to a
fearful extent, swerving to the right and then
to the left, but go forward he would not, nor
could all the exertions of the groom over
come his obstinacy. The street was filled
with ;eoplc execting to see the animal de
stroy himself on the spikes of the iron rail
ing aroin d the monument, when Mr. Mc
Dougall, saddler, walked up to the groom
and said: "1 think, my man, you are not
takii.g the proper method to maki the horse
go; allow me, if jou please, to slnwyona
trick worth knowing." "Well," said the
groom, "if you can make him go, it is more
than I cm do," when Mr. McDo'igall took a
piece of whip cord, which he ti-d with a
knot on the end of the animal's ear, which
he bent gently down, fxstening the end of the
string to the check Isi.kle of the bridle; this
done he patted the horse's necic once or
twice and said: "Now let me see yougo
quietlv home, like a good horse." Astonish
ing to relate, the horse moved off as gently
as if nothing had happened. .Mr. AlcUou
gal says he has seen on London horses which
no manner of force could make go, while this
mild treatment was always successful.
KtUo Chronicle.
Trying fa Rlow IP a Hotel.
The New York Standard says that en
Monday the engineer at French's Hotel gave
notice to his fireman that on account of bis
drunken and lazy habits, Ihey must part
company, i ne nreman nearu nu uismuaai
with stolidity, and received an order on the
cashier for his wages. It was understood he
was to complete his day's work. During the
course of the.day tne engineer had occasion
to leave his engine in charge of the drunken
fireman. As he returned, seeing a wrench in
his hand, he instantly suspected something
wronc. On asking him what be aad neen
doing, he declined to answer. The engineer
then examined the engine, and saw that the
water which supplies the boiler had been
turned off. A fierce fire was burning in tl a
furnaces, and except for the engineers pre
ence of mind in suspecting his villainois
assistant, a second Westfield disaster most
have inevitably ensued. The eneineer.
when mafers were righted, gave the fiieman
a good thrashing and delivered him into
custody.
We hear that the Holy family Church
(Jesuit) Chicago, beside fire hundred or
phans whom they have takes in aad provid
ed for, were able to relieve on Toesdiy, 1,700
and csa Wednesday 3,500 heads of fcmilies.
For thorongB out sueat working mil give as
reaulars; volaataars aawstrireatore,haBit
as well for Bsouvm, bat
r.' zrr..-j i? ..in.a wti j "i-w.t: ""a
s5r:
THREE IJffOHES OP STEEL W SIS
HEART
A Sketch of the Career and Death of
"Wilson, the Murderer.
Ruloff, the philological robber and mur
derer, who was hanged not long ago at Ring
bamton, was naturally enough an object of in
terest to psychologists and scholars. David
Kentley, alias Henry Marshall, alias James
Wilson, who was executed at Hartford on
the 13th iiiSt., has attracted lees attention,
but was fully as deserving of the considera
tion of the learned as Ruloff. He laid no
ciaiui to scholarship, it is true, but he exhib
ited traits of such a singular character as to
remove him from the ordinary category of
ruffians. He was a native of New Jersey,
and fifty years old at the time of his death.
A burglat by prolewion, he hail broken out
of seven prisons, that at Columbus being
among l hem. Alter one escape, he froze his
feet, and his toes being amputated, he was
lamed for lite. His last imprisonment was
at the Connecticut Penitentiaiy at Hartford.
His sentence was for sixteen year, and other
indictments hung over him. Fscajie was
then the only alternative to a confinement
that might la-t unit life should end.
The prison was too strong to allow any
chance lor breaking through its walls, hence
it wa-i neces.-arv to procure a change ol abode.
This li hoped to do by murdering the war
den. Asaiesiilt he expected to be sent to
the jail, which he believed to he le-scarefully
guarded than his present quartets.
in consequence of his lameness he was
kept in his cell, where he amused himself by
diawing on a slate. Calling the warden,
Mr. Willard, he handed him his slate, and
while the officer was engaged in looking at it,
stabbed him fatally with a knife-blade, fast
ened to a cane.
Wilson did not reap the benefits which he
had anticipated from his crime. Escape
was no more practicable than before. He
attempted to starve himself to death, but
food was forced down his throat. During
his imprisonment of over a year he studied
law; began his autobiography, and destroyed
the manuscript because the prison authorities
would not let him publish it without revision;
wrote a poem and letter, justifying his con
duct, and finally made an unsuccessful at
tempt to commit suicide by stabbing himself
with a piece ot wire, which penetrated his
heart without destroying life.
He went to the gallows without visible
trepidation, and on the scaflold made tlie
following speech
"I don't suppose it will amount to much
what I can ?a to stop the execution. If you
won't put it toexecmion, I would say a great
deal. I sii;"se most of you know why I
shall say but a few words to-day. Wjlli
three inches of steel in his heart, a man can
not say much or be expected to. I did all I
could to avoid Iting heie; not that I fear
death, but such a kind of a death not fit for
a d(U or a murderer. 1 am not a murderer.
I killed William Willard in self-defense, and
I did just right; and I hope his fate will be
a warning to all other tyrants like him."
Then seizing the noose he continued:
"When a man puts this over his head in
a cause of humanity, it is not a disgrace. In
this case I put it over mine. And Sheriff
Russsell, tighten it up as quick as you
plejs;."'
.ii the sheriff drew the cap oer his face
he exclaimed: "I bote my act will be a
benefit to the people of WeatherstuM prison,
and that they will be treated ns never to
render it necessary to kill another warden."
He had been as humanely fretted as the
regulations of the prison allowed, :ind his
l-L .l.
l. muruer irt.m uisi u-i
clired himself justified, and a martyr to tl
cause of humanity. He alleged that he
sought theonly imans possible to relieve
hiur-e'f Ironi cruel impositions and to pro
cure a more kind and just treatment for
prisoners generally.
In a letter to one oi the prison officials,
written just before his last attempt at "df-
destruction, and not inunded lo he read un
til aftcrhis death, occurs the .'ollowing re
markable praj. er, if it may he called such:
"Almighty aud Everla-ting fled, I call
upon all that is Within me to ble.ss Thy
name and Thy continual goodness while I
have forgotten Thee. Thou ha-t lioriie with
my sins and surrounded me with thy mer
cies. Many times Thou hast plucked me
from the j-iws of death, and sent nit on the
journey ot life rejoicing; and. most merciful
God, as 1 go down into the valley of d-ilh,
I will fear no evil, formyinr-t is in Thee.
Pardon all my sins, I implore Thee; deal
with me not according to my sin, but ac
cording to thy mercies. Thou iliii-t in Thy
providence, select me (o he the mini-ter of
Thy righteous vengeance. Thou, O, God,
hast made me. Thou knowot what is with
in me. The trtditions of men do i.iu-o
many to err. Thou ha-t drawn a veil over
the future, and nooneitin ni:iowit. I r.nw
cast my Kior soul on Thy mircy. Keceive
me into Thy holy keeping, and grant I may
spend cternitv in the light of Thv reconcil
es! countenance."
We have already said tint the hop? of
escape was one motive for the murder of the
warden. Yet the letter we have quoted,
and Wil-on's erdstent jii-tificatinn of his
atrocity, show that lie had worked himself
into the belief that he had done no wrong.
Thus far he may be e-aliisl inai:
perhajs-
morally insane.
The physical, intellectual, and moral
powers of man are so intimately hlenihiitliat
theabn-e of one is felt by the others. The
drunkard, in breaking down his cnn-'iltttinu,
impairs his mind and morals a well. The
man who-e conscience hi Iecoiiio sred by
a long course of erime can not a,erl the
warping of his iutellecual ower. Continu
ally seeking apologies for his guilt, he comes
at last to call good evil, and evil gocd. Such
was probably the case with Wit-on. If he
was thus fanatical, he was alone responsible
fr ihf delusion. He wa not, l.owiver, a
.maniar in the Ifgal scn-c of the woid. He
was s:uie in all other reelects, -vcrfe-wly com
petent to know tint the laws ot the land fjpr
bade his act, and that his privjte judgement
could be of no avail against public sentiment.
He also had he interested motive of e-scij
to ir.tluei.ee him. Hence he was rightfully
held lo lie a reasonable being within the in
tent nf the statute. Ifeverainimlerder was
jui-tly executed, his fate was deserved. If,
as we have assumed, his delu-ion was com
plete, fus cae is a fearful exampleof the in
fluence of criminal courses in deteriorating
the intellectual as well as the moral force of
men.
I' EMI I If-UM HEX SlITllJX.
The Xls'il ornrMrnrtlou In Vorllicra
Wliwoitilii.
From the Marinette and IVoMigo L'agle Kilra.l
Marinette. Wis, Oct. 11.
Yesterday morning, in company with sev
eral gentlemen from Marinette, Wis., and
Menomouee, Michigan, we visited the site of
what once was the beautiful and thriving lit
tle village of Peshtigo. It contained about
1,500 people, and was one of the busiest,
liveliest, and one of the most enterprising
communities along the bay shore. Standing
amid the the charred and blackened embers,
wi'h the frightfully mutilated corpses of men,
women, children, horses, oxen, cows, uogsf
swine and fowls every houe, shed, bam,
outhouse, or structure of any kind, swept
from the earth as with the very besom of de
struction our emotion cannot be described
in language.
No pen, dipped in liquid fire, can paint
the scene; language "in thoughts that breathe
and wonts that burn," gives but the faintest
impression of its horrors.
From the survivors we glean the following
in reference to the scene at the village and in
the farm-region commanly known as "the
Sugar Bush:"
Sunday evening, after church, for about
half an hour, a death-like stillness hung over
the doomed town. The smoke from the fires
in the region around was so thick as to he
stifling, and hung like a funeral pall over
everything, and all was enveloped in Egypt
ian darkness. Soon light pnffs of air were
felt; the horizon at the southeast, south and
southwest, began to he faintly illuminated; a
perceptible trembling of the earth was felt;
and a distant rear bro e the awful silence.
People began to fear that some awful calam
ity was pending, but as yet no one even
dreamed of the danger.
The illumination ston became intensified
into a fierce, lurid glare; the roar deepened
into a howl, as if all the demoas from the
infernal pit had len let loose, when the ad
vance gusts of wind from the main body of
the tornado struck. Chimneys were blown
down, houses were unroofed, the roof of the
Wooden-ware factory was lifted, a large
warehouse filled with tnos, pails, leans tans,
keelers and fUh kits was nearly demolished, J
and amia tne coniu'ion, terror, ana lemnie
apprehension of the moment, the fiery ele
ment, in tremendous icrollirg billows and
masses of sheeted flame, enveloped the de
voted village. The frenzy of despair seized
on all hearts strong men bowed like reeds
before the fiery blast, women ana ctuidren,
like frightened specters flitting through the
awfnl arloom. were swept away like aatama
leaves. Crowds rushed for the bridge, bat
the bridge, like all else, was reoriviag in
baptism of are. Hundred crowaaa mioiae
A neat manr wereoa taealstmr
bridge wbea it felL the debris firam the
burning town was hurled oer aadoa -be
heads of those who were in the water, kill-
ing many and maiming others, so that they
gave up in despair and sank to a watery
grave.
In less than an hour from the time the
tornado struck the town, the village of Pes
thigo was annihilated!
r ull one hundred perished, either ia tsames
orin the wate r.and all the property was'wiped
out of existence!
In the "Sugar Bush" the loss of life was
even greater in proportion to the number of
inhabitants than in the Tillage. Whole
families are destroyed, and over a thickly
settled region in the heavy hard-wood timber,
consisting of two or three townships, there
is scarcely a family hut is now left destitute,
and mourns the loss of some of its loved
ones.
Atlroltlr Hit.
A correspondent of the Herald and Pres
byter, writing from Minnesota, fells the fol
lowing: I have picked up a "little story," which I
think too good a reproof for disturbers of the
peace in churches to be lost. A presiding
elder of the United Brethren Church wis
preaching in this same neighborhood, and
was mm !i annoyed by persons talking and
laughing. He p'tused, looked at the disturb
ers and said: "1 am always afraid to reprove
those who misbehave in church. In the
early part of my ministry I made a great
mist.i. As I was preaching a voting man
who i. Just before me was constantly laugh
ing, talking and making uncouth grimaces.
I paused and administered a severe rebuke.
Alter he close of the service one of the offi
cial i.' r.ibers came and said to me, 'Brother
you have made a great mistake. That young
man whom you reproved Is an idiot.' Since
then I have always been afraid to reprove
those who misbehave in church lest I should
repeat that mistake and reprove another poor
idiot." During the rtst of that ervice at
least, there was good order.
CHICAGO-
ReaamplivaorRaalaeoa Tfce Reatab
lle Wowa Cp Iariaeaia or iheCoo-Raa-railow.
Chicago, Oct. 18. Ten days have passed
since the great conflagration, and every day
brings tresti occasions for encouragement.
The city is very orderly. Relief for the iiopr
comes in abundantly.
Business is being resumed, and building is
going on in every direction. There is a
much more healthy feeling abroad than the
most sanguine anticipated.
The reports from all the banks are sub
stantially the same as yesterday. Very little
money has been called for, while the deposits
have been large. I hare is no difficulty in
negotiating sight or time drafts on New York
hanks at old rates.
.The insurance companies are doing well,
and those that are solvent pay without re
quiring policy holders to go through the
usual formalities of adjustment.
The American Central Company of St.
Louis commenced paying to-day, John B.
Drake, of the Tremont House, receiving
$5,000 from the company. They will con
tinue lo nav on demand until all are raid.
The Executive Board of the Republic In
surance Company, of thus city, had a meet
ing to-day and resolved to wind up. Their
losses foot up $3,600,000 and their cash assets
amounts to $900,000. They will pay twenty,
five cents on the dollar on demand.
Twenty-one thousand dollars were received
to-day as a contribution to the Relief Fund
from Memphis, Tennessee.
The Times of this morning, upon what
they deem a candid estimate, makes the total
loss by the recent fire S150,000,000.
J. W. Doane Co., and many other
wholesale grocery houses, announce their
immediate resumption of business and that
their liabilities will be paiJat maturity.
The business of the Board of Trade has
been fairly resumed, and the purchase and
sale of erain is going on as it nothing had
happened. The receipts and shipment of
grain are very heavy, if not equal to any
previous time.
The following is one of the thrilling inci
dents of the fire, which occurred in the
Washington street tunnel during the furiest
era of the fire. When thousands were rush
ing through the Tunnel, which is over 1,000
feet in length, the gas suddenly gave out and
all were left in total darkness. A terrible
panic; a collision and trampling to death of
the weaker by the stronger, seemed inevita
ble. Strange as it may seem, every body
seemed to comprehend the necessity for cool
ness and courage. Not a man Inst his pres
ence of mind, but all, with one accord bore
to the light. Each calmly enjoining on the
others to be cool, and to march steadily
nn till light could lie reached. Rapidly, hut
without confusion, they in two columns
moved on through the thick darkness with
almost military precision, the si'ence being
broken only by the frequent shouts of right,
right. There was no collision, and no one
was harmed, but all reached the end of the
tunnel in safety, and, therefore, for the first
time in almost ten minutes, breathed freely.
Some adventurous and daring individual
this morning worked his way to the top of
the Court Hou-e, and planted the Ameri
can flag on the highest point, where it flut
ters to the breeze.
The Schooner J. Lavent was wrecked on
Saturday la-t offManistee. nd crew of seven
in number were alt lost but one seamnn,
who after fearful sufferings for many hour,
was finally rescned.
A survey of the Tribune buildini; was
made by surveyors who report that the walls
and most of the floors are good, and
that the whole can he put in order for $50,
000. The original cort wis $210,000.
Arrltal or Sew Fire Engine Ike
t'aunsjr isebi.
Chicago, Oct, 19. Six new fire engines
arrived here last night, from New iork.
With this increased force to the fire de'iart
ment, no apprehension is felt for the future
safelyjof the city against fires.
There have been many false reports circu
lated in this and other cities about the city
and county debt. In these reports the city
debt has lieen stated at $20,000,000. On the
l-t Ol April ia-l it was I4,4W,UW. Ihel
eiiiiic viiiim una uur" iiui rAvsu v'-
000,000.
Mrs. Lea.y, residing at 137 Dekoven st.,
in whose barn the file originated which de
stroyed the city, pronounces false the story
that her cow kicked over a kerosene lamp in
the stable, while she was milking On the
contrary, she was in bed asleep when the fire
commenced.
RattlarM In (be City Rank Roam
far she Bartt ef aracle.
Chicago, Oct. 19. Business has asiimed
a tangible character on Wabash and Michi
gan avenues.
The express companies are deliver!) g im
mense quantities of New York goods in the
citv, and the freight lines are very Ixisy.
What was said yesterday about the banks
may be repeated to-day. They are paying
out and receiving deposits, according to the
wishes of their customers.
The savings banks are paying on demand
all amounts of twenty dollars and under.
The Illinois senate In-day passed the bills
which had previously been passed by the
uoiise oi .Representative-, that the State as
sume the lien held by Chicago on the Illi
nois Michigan Canal. This gives Chicago
$3,000,000, which the city had expended in
deepening the canal.
The Green Bay Advocate learns that the
loss of the Peshtigo Company by the recent
Are in the lumber region, was $300,000, with
insurance amounting to upwards of $100,000.
The loss of the same company in Chicago was
large. Il is stated that the insurance will be
paid.
The loss of Cyrus H. McCormick by the
fire'is about $750,000, but he will at once be
gin rebuilding his reaper factory and ware
bouse. Judge W. W. Farwell, iu a communica
tion to the Board of trade, to-day, proposed
to erect a building on the southwest corner of
Market and Washington streets, a room in it
90x90 feet to be given to the Board of Trade,
free of rent. The directors of the Board ac
cepted the offer, and the building will be
ready for occupation within forty days.
Jas. Warock, of this city, to-day paid over
to Mayor Mason, $27,000, subscriptions from
Glasgow, Scotland, through Henderson
Bros., agents of tlie Anchor line of Steamers
of New Yotk.
Oaealaa the Trlbaae'a Vaalt Rrlea
Layers Irlhe.
Chicago, Oct. 20. The fireproof vault
in the Tribune building was opened to-day,
for the first time since the fire. Its contents,
even to a linen coat and a box of matches,
were found intact.
The vast work of clearing away the ruin
id rebuilding Chicago is nrovina- an imnor-
and rebuilding Chicago is proving an im
tant means of relief to the mechanic uHh.
borer, who are finding plenty of employment
at good wages.
The average wages of laborers in the rains
areSL75 per day; carpenters, from $3X0
to $3.50.
The members of the Brick-layers Unioa
demaadaa increase of wages, aad many of
litem have strack.
Tat coat-actors refused to yield to the
shjmii. as there are many brick-layait hart
ftamtfWckiaa aaa towas wha am aiiaa-
drowned.
ia the jail aadar the Court House, including
UTS fTllllllaTHaiH wsim mlL-vmrl L
the Court House burned, proves not to be
true. When it became evident that the
Court House must hum fifW m iK vnnt
characters in jail were put into the hands of
Souecmen to be transferred to the West
ladison Street Station House, and during
the transfer all escaped but fourteen. The
murders, five in number, were held, and are
still in custody.
The aggregate number of churches .le
stroyed by fire u $3,000,000.
the report mat the steamer Corona, be
loaciaK to the Goodrich line, had lum.
cently wrecked, and forty-five lives lost, is
nix true, mc yuruna is now lying at her
wharf ia this port
The Canal lien bills, which has m-i
both houses of the Legislature, was to-day
signed by the Governor.
Contributions for relief from New York
amount to $200,000 of which $400,000 was
ia supplies, and the balance in money. The
Tribune Company to-day ordered to com
mence rebuilding. The front will he taken
down and rebuilt with Milwaukee brick. The
UCIMC 1 WMMA.lJf(. AM I4UIU M.CII
other walls and nearly all the floors
found to be perfectly hrni and secure.
ST. LOUIS-
Reaalauans Adapted as tne Repabli
raat Jteella;.
St. Locis, Oct. 19. The text of the reso
lution adopted at the general Republican
meeting last evening and which was offered
by ex-Senator Henderson is as follows;
Raolted, That as members ol the Repub
lican party we earnestly recommend the two
State Committees to act in union on all
measures looking to the organization of the
party in the coming canvass and to express
the hope that they will adopt such measures
as will not only produce concert of action
among themselves bnt consolidate the party
throughout the State, and that end we urge
them to unite in a call for the next State
Convention of the party and we pledge to
abide the action of said convention.
The following amendment was accepted by
Mr. Henderson and the resolution and
amendment adopted unanimously:
Resoltcd, That should the Liberal llebub
Iican State Committee re:u-e to invite in
their call for a Convention the s.id Conven
tion, then, in our judgement, a Convention
should be called by the Republican State
Committee and such members of the Liberal
Republican State Committee as are willing to
nnif in fhmll and snrh rnnvntinnanjtiM
be recognized as a Convention of the whole
party.
The meeting of the Liberal State Conven
tion yesterday was composed of seven mem
bers and fonr proxies, being one more than
a quorum. Three of the seven present spoke
at the general meeting, announcing them
selves as earnestly desirous of harmony and
thorough concert of action, and unity, and
reorganization of the party, and as willing
to sign a joint call for a State Convention.
He Coacribnlrd 8IOO.
St. Locis, Oct. 20. A dispatch coming
from Indianapolis, and stating that W. II.
English, a wealthy man of that city, had
subscribed only one dollar to the Chicago
sufferers, was sent west from here last week.
Dispatches from the proper authorities state
that no such telegram was sent from that
city, and that Mr. English contributed $100
to the relief fund.
NEW TURK.
Chicago Crrsllt An Alliance.
New YoBKjOct. 19 Many Chicago mer
chants have come here to buy good to re
enter business and have received unlimited
credit for their old debts, and credit for new
ones as long as they like. Chicago, to-day,
can buy one dundred million-, on credit in
New a ork.
A correspondent writes from London that
an alliance has been effected between certain
memliers of the Peerage aud representatives
of the working classes, the object of which is
to overthrow the present system of govern
ment. The same writer hints that the
Queen's condition is such that she may die at
any moment.
Monument l lira. BlUwell.
Buffalo, Oct. 19. A large military and
civic procession attended the ceremonies
dedicating the monument at Forest I.-iwn
Cemetary, in honor of the late Gen. I). D.
Bidwell, who was killed at the battle of
Cedar Creek, Va.
Liberal I'onrrssinas.
New York, Oct. 20 A letter from Egypt
says that the Khedive has made liberal con
cession lo his subjects in the matter of fran
chises. He lias established female schools,
IUII I 1,1111.-1 WI-T- I1IIIUUU1.111 ICIU1II1-.
Lowe of f be Iaaranr Campitulr by
IbeC'blcMKu t'lre.
New York, Oct. 20. The Commercial
Advertiser states that the total losses of in
surance companies by the Line-ago lire are
$57,740,000 t
Henry Freeman has bee-n ap-smited Re
ceiver, to wind up the Market Fire Insurance
Company.
John Cooke has been aptiointed Receiver
of the Atlantic Insurance Coini-any, which
suspended yesterday.
In the Insuranev Convention to day Un
report of the Committee on Permanent Or
ganization was adopted. It provides for a
voluntary National Association, comiiosed of
insurance officers, having chargeof insurance
departments in each State, for the purjiOH
of mutual consultation an i protection, the
President, Vice-President and Executive
Committee to be elected.
The report of the Committee on rates of
interest, mortality, fee, was considered. It
provides that on marine and inland
navigation risks, the whole amount of
the premiums received on unexpired risks
should be charged as a liability, and held
as an iniurance reserve. Fifty per cent, ofjnien.' Five Indians and two white men of
premiums received on unexpired risks hav
ing one year io run, snout j ne cnargeu as a
liability or reserve, provided the reserve
shall not be less thru 40 r cent, of the pre
miums received during the year. Beside-s
this, fire companies should accumulate extra
reserve to provide for which no dividend
greater than 50 per cent, per annum shoi.l 1
be made upon the full cash capital, until af
ter the insurance reserve is equal to the
whole amounts of premiums received an all
unexpired fire risks. The Committee a No
recommended the approval of American
experience, the table of mortality and U per
cent, per annum to be designated I lav in
each .-tate as a basis for Cife Insurance.
The report of the Committee was discussed
until adjournment.
Indicicsl lor Frand.
New York, Oct. 20. It is belie-ved that
the grand jury to-day indicted one of the
highest city officers, for frau No intne is
mentioned, and the officers of the court rel'u-e
to give any information. Judge Ledwith was
before the grand jury to-day to testify in the
case pending against Mayor Hall.
New York. Oct. 20. Appeals fur aid for
sufferers of Chicago, Wisconsin ami Michi
gan continue to lie earnct, anil the contribu
tions in response still liberal leside
money, clothing Ls being generously offpred.
The Chamber ot Oommerce oi this city has
already contributed in money over $660,000.
Chas. O'Connor has associated with him
self W. H. Peckham, Wm. M. Evarts. and
Judge Emmet, the firt mentioned beirg a
Democrat, and the two latter Republicans,
as counsel in the prosecution for the de
frauded ronnicipal government.
Sam I. J. Tilden, Chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, was present at the
conference betweeh the Attorney General of
State and O'Connor concerning these suits.
He believes the proceedings will be success
ful. Tweed will probably be the first at
tacked. It is believed the evidence against
him is very strong, and is based on the
Broadway Bank disclosures.
The repeating business Ls going to have
the especial attention of the reformers, and
the most summary measures are lo lie taken
against any operators of this clam.
The Grand Jury had the case of Mayor
nail under deliberation yesterday, and sub
penaa were issned for the "attendance of wit
Sheriff Brennan has deserted the Tamma
ny ring.
The nominations made last nignt by the
Tammany reformers meets the approval of
the Republicans generally. The Tribune
and Times support them. Seigel's nomina
tion was a concession to the Republicans.
There is a revival of the rumor that Con
nelly is to be impeached
Private advices bave been receives! from
C-plain Hall, which report him under dat;
of September .Vh, sailing northwird from
the upper Nerik. AH were well.
The directors of the united Railways of
New Jersey, yesterday, signed the leases of
their works to the Pennsylvania Company.
The yacht race was won yesterday by the I
Livonia, because of the carelessness of the
.new lemcers. iae o-xnurr oi me lacm.
Club says the Columbia was not ready for j
the race. The Ashbury protests that thai
nee oa Wednesday was
tlM victory.
unfair and claims
The Erie railway will probably get
saw Cmat, oa srrnm-t of nan-dag
itself
dead
vention of the Reform Democracy was add
at Apollo Hall to-night, Samuel G. Court
ney presiding.
About four hundred delegates were pres
ent. W. W. Curtis warned tne meetiag that
Tammany intended frauds at the electioa,
aud said the only justice was by susneadaax
repeaters and fraudulent inspectors from
lamp posts, and he believed that the law
would protect citizens i& so doing.
The following nominations were made:
For Judge of theXSupreme Court, ex-Jada
Geo. Barrett Judge of Cammaa niaT.Thit
P. Daly; for Register, Franz SSegeL
Tamminy made nominations for the Stat
Senate to-night, including Wm. M. Tweed,
Michael Norton, and Henrr W. Ueaet.
Tae
RkbIw
rortioa at saw
CM
a early
Rsras-royo hj rtaaw
Cameron, Mo., Oct. 20. This place was
visited by a very dissatroua fire last night,
which destroyed l lanre nortion of the htMi.
rf W
nc- residence part of the aty.
The tire broke out in the liverr stable of
Walt. Mather, about 1 o'cIock,and ia thougpt
to have been the work of an inceadiery.
The principal losers are, Walt, Mathers,
$12,000; Peter Fisher 4 Sobs, SL500;
Csnway A; Bros., $5,000; U. Imaley.
l.o00; Ballard's Panorama, of New York,
$1,C00. Vancel's Hall, occupied by
theA. F. A A. M. fraternity sjmMin'fog
to $5,000 and a large number of other
losses ranging from $500 to $3,000, makiag
an aggregate of $132,000. The Postofice,
American Hotel, and Masonic Hall, were
among the buildings burned. In
surance North Missouri of Maloa,
$6,700; State of Hannibal, Mitaouri,
$3,S00; Merchants of St. Joseph, $2,500;
Fire .V Marine, of St. Joseph, $6,650;
National, of Hannibal, $2,900; Underwriters'
of New York. $1,500; Kansas Fire Ma
rine, Sl.500; Choteau, Su Louis, $1,500:
-I.tna, $1,00, and a few smaller amounts
aggregating $32,250.
Drlalpi of Ike Fltre la "Kl-teoaata
aKaifaa.
Milwaukee, Oct. 19. The Dooa Coun
ty Advocate coutains a full account of the
loss of life and property by the great fires in
that county, up to Sunday night.
On the Sth, tires had been raging through
the towns of Brussels, Union, Gardener,
Foretville, Clay Banks, Nasseupee, Sturgeoa
Bay and Sevastapol, burning fences aad
timber, but leaving houses untouched. At
9 o'clock on Sunday night the fiery tornado
swept down from the south and west, begin
ning at the Belgian settlement in TTniswIs,
and swept through the towns of Union,
Gardner, and the western part of Sevastapol
down thrt east shore of the bay. Every
building was consumed at Williamson's shin
gle mill, and a most awful destruction of hu
man life ensued. Out of 80 persons at the
mill. 57 were burned to- death, and the lew
survivors tell a horrible tale of the setae at
this terrible holocoast. After the fire forty
five dead bodies were found in a'potato-patcb
in the center of the clearing. Other bodies
were found scattered and some in wells.
There were many disfigured in a terrible
manner, ami some beyond recognition. This
great destruction was the work of fifteen
minutes, and it was the same tornado that
burned Peshtigo. At St. Wilae 100 hs
beings were burned, and a number of 1
of life are reported in other places. Twenty
two persona in the town of Brussels eaflered
a like fate. There is scaicely a boast stand
ing on the line of this storm of fire.
Efforts for the relief of the sufferers are
not spared here or in any part nf the State,
and donations are coming along just ia time
to make comfortable those who survived.
Contributions of money may be sent a
Hon. Alex. Mitchell, President of the Wis
consin Marine and fire Insurance Co., or
provisions and clothing to Hon. ilaasoa
Ladingtnn, Mayor of Milwaukee.
Rank Robberjr Toraesl Rapt
New Orleans, Oct. 19. Nolle Cora
mack's lrank was robbed this morning of a
box containing about $50,000 worth of se
curities. A wigon load of Union torpedoes exploded
this morning, instantly killing the driver,
severed wounding another man,and slightly
wounding several others. Several hundred
winduws in the vicinity were shattered by
the concussion. The torpedoes were minnfac
tureil bv Klieber A Goldsmith, New York..
and were discharged from the ship George
Hurlbiit. The cases still on hoard the vessel
will ptobably be ordered off.
50,000 Propleat the Exaealilaa.
Kansas City, Oct. 19. Fifty tbousaaa
people attended the fair to-day. The crowd
was immense, day and night. Every ha!
was full, and the amphitheater and groaads
were crowded constantly.
Pilot Temple won tiie $1,000 premium.
Time, 2:30, 2-29 and 2:33.
At night the display of fireworks was very
fine, and was witnessed by 40,000 people.
The fair has already proved successful pe
cuniarily. The receipt of Friday and Satur
day will lie a surplus, something remarkable
for an agricultural institution only four
months in existence.
Extensive flrea la laaiaaa
IlAf.EifcsTow.v, Ind, Oct 20. The build
ings at this place owned By Messrs Higgina
Nevcome the Stonebreaker, a pork and
grain warehouse, and also the freight aad
ticket offices for the P. C. and the St. L. A
W. W. V. Railroad Companies, were de
"troyedby fire yesterday. No insurance.
The buildings contained considerable grain
which was saved as well as the books and
alters of the two companies.
m
Raraea Raatb.
Torosto, Oct. 20. J. O. Johnscay en
gineer in charge of the Canada Pacific sur
vey from Red itock, Nepigeon Bay, to Long
Lake, lias arrived here with a porttoo of his
the party were burned to death from fire in
the woods. Johnson has completed his
work, and reixjrls favorably of the country
between the iioints above mentioned, for a.
railway.
Dlttaatlslaetloa.
Wheeling, Oct. 19. President Grant's
appointment of Mex. R. Boteler of Jeffer
son County, and J. Sweeney of Wheeling,
as Commissioners to attend the Anniversary
of American Independence at Philadelphia.
dissatisfies the Republicans here. Botekr
was a member of the Confederate Congraa,
and also served on Stonewall Jacksoa's staff
in the rell army. He and Sweeney are
Democrats of the Old School.
Roller Caaloaloa.
Louisville, Oct. 20. A special says that
a boiler .in the large Pottery works of Clark
fi Bros., Carrelton, Ind., exploded this
morning, shaking the houses in town and
-even across the river, as wi'h an earthquake.
Fifteen or twenty men were at work wkhia
ten feet of the boiler and were covered with
mud from the explosion, but escaped with
out serious injury.
The trouble in the Creek nation were set
tled by a convention which adjourned 8atm
day, declaring Checati elected Chief by 300
majority,
(iea. Rlalr.
MoXTfiOMERT, At., Oct. 20. GtB.
Blair of the Sab-Kukluz Committee, ia a
speech last night, alluded to the proposkioa
that in the next Democraiic National Con
vention the South decline to be iipriamltd,
but accept whatever candidate for tha Pnri
ilency the Democrats of the North ollar.
tinilty or Manser In ibe rirot 1
Newark, N J., Oct. 20. The jnry ia
the case of Lot's, on trial for the murder erf"
Halstead, rendered a verdict of guilty of
murder in the first degree.
Reeeipt or Ibr flan illtr

Cleveland, O., Oct. 20. The treasurer
of the Chicago relief fund received up to
noon to-day over $22,000 in cash sabferipttoat.
.Mrs. Wm. H. SatHe. livimr on the West
Side, committed suicide yesterday, by taking
laudanum. Mie leaves a husband and our
children.
A Ds-Hrlt ia Ibe Illy n
or rtaHB.
delpa
ibla.
Philadelphia, Oct. 20. The failure of
Cooke Jr. Co., says the Ledger, leaves a
dtff-it in the city funds of $473,000. Tfce
firm has been seculating in city moaeysv
The as-ets of the firm, the City Treasurer
think', may be able to cover that amount.
GREAT BaUTAIaT.
1im-jjX, (M. 19 Late adrift from lIa.
lie ran show that Persia is still suflVring frm
famine.
An insurrection has broken out in various
arts of Persia, and the government troops
have been driven from Sheroz, the capital,.
wj,jch u now jieu Ly the rebels.

FKAMCKV
nr-
Altl. ejeu tmx naa
i...nMr admitted of chanea of fraud ia
the purchase of arms while Consul at New
Vnrlr. The GoverBBMBt directs that the
Military aad naval torees oe oa tae stonier
ams wbnb ma
tf-MloT CoawN
i
4
teaceiU aad seaamad ,of thai
-jXb.JSaMWjMHHVir. .b jriii-imjmwmjmmjL-
A5
,-yM.K
rT-z
i SsSfe?;
?W" TTTm Jae:.wlftmJram tlmaaVaJriS- J-dc 1 Caa-