Ths Painssvilh Journal.
SAIUKDAY. -SOViMlEK IS, 171
Editorial Paragraphs.
It is said that the small-pox now rag
ing in Thilailelphia was brought there
in bales of Buffalo-robes taken from the
Piegan camps.
Divorce business is brightening up
again in Chicago. Evidently the peojle
there are beginning to feel quite, like
themselves again.
"Who wrote East Lynn?" is the
latest conundrum out in the Englif-h
carters. Mrs. Wood and Mrs Norton
both claim to have the correct answer,
but it vet remains to be seen which is
right.
In Chicago th-i erection of hundreds
of buildings not only afford proof of the
snerzT of hr cltlzeni and furnishes
work for thousands of workmen empOT-!
erlshed by the late fire, but Is a conclu
sive proof as well, that within five years
the entire burnt district will be replaced
with even liner blocks than tb-we that
fell a prey to the devouring naiiu..
Those who predicted that the present
grand jury was selected 'to whitewash
the Tammany criminals will be disap
pointed when we state that :t has, after
diligent investigation, found a true bill
against Wm 31. Tweed. Really nothing
else could have been expected in the
light of past" revelations. The findings
of the Jury will be submitted in a few
days.
In Paris, recently, one of the dramatic
censors condemned a piece because It con
tained certain threats against the Ex-
Emperor Xapoleon. "Mais" replied
ths author "the Emperor is dethroned."
"Yes" returned the cen-or with a shru
of his shoulders, "but then he may re
turn," and in consequence of thi view
of the probabilities of the future, the un
fortunate writer was compelled to ac
quiesce In the orlgin.il judgment.
The long looked for Alexis, whose
coming has bean the theme of every
tongue owned by the fair ones of Goth
am, has not yet put in an appearance.
Some one reported otic day this
week that he had seen a ship whose crew
had Fpokcn a vessel that had been
one of the' squadron, but- those who
know, place no credence in the report
"With Betsy Prig, one is fain to exclaim,
"we don't believe there's no sich person
Judge Cartter has given the advocates
of Woman's Suffrage a crumb of comfort
Sn the way of a recent decision. Certain
ladies of the District of Columbia hav
ing failed to convince the election judges
of their right to vote, carried the matter
into court, and tiiere it has been decided
that the fifteenth amendment undoubt
edly gives them the right to cast the bal
lot every where except just where these
particular ladies wanted it in the Dis
trict itself.
The storm of Tuesday night was a fear
ful one, and called to mind the sailor's
wish, "Lord have mercy on those
poor landlubbers with chimney pots fall
ing about their ears." In many parts
of the tountry,chiraneys and even build
ings were blown down, trees hitherto
considered stalwart toppled over, and
numerous minoraccidentsocctirred. The
rain poured down with tropical rapidity
and altozether the sale could fitly be
compare 1 to a West Indian hurricane,
It is feared that great damage has been
done to the shipping.
Pius IXtli is an old man and may there
fore be pardoned for occasionally doing
a foolish act,but if the paper speaks truth
the most foolish of all his late perform
ances is his decision to leave Rome
That city is the traditional seat of
power of the Church and once taken
away from there, one half its prestige is
sacrificed without any corresponding ad
vantage being gained. Despite the po
litical power posessed by Victor Emauual
in Rome, he would always be the Pope
of Rome, but anywhere else he would be
but the simple. Pope.
There is now another field opened for
the labors of that class of reformers who
are seeking the extremes. It is stated
that the new drug chloral is being sold
by tons every weefcj and a high medical
authority in speaking in regard to this
matter, says: "Taking chloral is the
new and popular vice, particularly
among women, and is doing at least as
much harm as alcohol. The drug
kept in thousands of dressing-cases, and
tnose w-nc begin its use often grow so
addicted to it that they pass their lives
In a sort of contented stupefaction
Chloral drunkards will soon be an ad
mitted variety of the species."
Two months earlier the arrival of the
Franklin with a cargo of cholera
Quarantine would have sufficed to create
a panic not only in New York but
throughout the country. Now, how
ever, it is different. The past history of
the disease in this country shows that its
ravages have never been such as to jus
tify alarm when it has made its appear
ance so late in the season. Thero is no
ehance at all of its becoming epidemic
ana with the maintenance of a rigid
quarantine it really ought not to con
cern us any more that patients sufierin
or dying with cholera are in a hulk oft
Staten Island than that the disease is in
Western Europe.
Vsry few papers, relink us or secular
now published, have .been m existence
more than a quarter of a century; but
the A"eu York Observer announces that
it will enter upon its fiftieth year in the
beginning of 1872. It was established
as a religious paper; giving, also, the
most important secular news; and it has
been one of the ablest, and at the same
time, one of the mostjsuccessful journal
in the country. The Publishers announce
for the coming year, as a free gift to eac
of their subscribers, a New Yeak-Book
containing a vast amount of information
in regard to Church and State, and all
important business affairs, a real ency
clopedia, such as any intelligent person
wishes to hayo always at hand. Speci
men copies of the paper and Prospectus
of the Year-Book, sent free to all who
will apply. New Subscribers will
receive the nwr Tr until January 1st
The artUU of New York have contrlb-
uited a number of their most valuabl
paintings for sale, the object of whicl
will be to furnish relief to the artists of
Chicago. At a meeting of painters at
the Academy of Design, held on the
evening of October 19, Mr. Win. Page
in the chair, it was resolved that some
mh action as this should be taken.
The result has been a large contribution
of beautiful and valuable works of art,
which have been put on exhibition at
the rooms of Messrs. Geo. A. Leavitt
Co., Clinton Hall, Astor Place. They
will remain there day and evening, in -til
10 P. M., up to the day of the sale.
Purchasers will be interested In learn
ing that the whole amount paid for any
painting will be applied to the Chicago
Relief Fund. All the paintings are free
gifts of the artists, and the amounts re
alized from them will be devoted to the
-object specified, irrespective, of any commission.
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
A Home.
OHIO.
Of forty-eight and a half miles of the
Dayton Short Line Railroad between
Ludlow Station and Dayton, forty-five
miles have been graded, and will be
read- for the iron in two weeks. The
remainder will be completed by tebru-
ary first.
Koine weeks ago General Sherwood
sent a horse to Cleveland to be sold.
requesting his cousin to attend to the
sale of the animal and remit the money
he sold him for to him at Columbus by
draft. Thus the matter rested, so far as
General Sherwood was concerned till
Wednesday morning, w hen a letter was
received from Cleveland asking why the
receipt of the draft was not acknowl
edged, and saving further the draft had
been returiuti to the Cleveland bank for
collection, bavins' been v&id by a bank
inOberlin to some person who presented
it with Sherwood's indorsement on it.
A telezratn was at once sent to Cleve
land by Sherwood stating that he had
never seen th draft, much leas Indorsed
There Is therefore no doubt tnat toe
mail between here and Cleveland has
been robbed by some rascals, who adding
forserv to tneir crimes, nave taken it to
Oberlin, where oil presentation this draft
was paid.
sad event, the result of a fiendish
act occurred on Saturday afternoon on
the Liberty and Vienna Railroad. A
train of empty flats was DacKing up
toward Vicuna. At the Hood Bank,
everal young men, having finisheu
their day's work, cot on for a ride.
hort distance norm ot tlie D.inK, anu
tear a culvert, trie cars were tnrown
oft' into a ravine by a fence rail placed
Across the track, and hve or six or thos
l board injured. Due only two se-
iouslv. one of them John Owen, aged
about eighteen, the support, with lib.
brother, ol a wnioweu mother, wno wai-
terribly mangled and died soon after the
urgeon arrived, rue otner, a son oi
Mvers. about fifteen, had his left arm
broken. He will recover. Dr. Math
ews, employed oy tne coai company
and Dr. Buechner, Railroad Surgeon
left for the scene ol the accident as sooi
as the news reached the city. It is no
known w.io placed the obstructions on
th track or his object.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The expense of collecting the Internal
Revenue was some six hunurej ttious
and dollais less ill le71 than it was in
IS70. It will be one-half a million less
n '72 than this year.
The friends of General Pleasanton as
sert that he intends to make issue with
Am Secretary of the Treasury betore the
Seuaf. relative to the manner by which
he was relieved from otllce. He threat-
ns some disclosures which he considers
will be damaging to the administration
ind has no fear of the result when all
lie facts are known about the manner in
which he was attempting to run the de
partment. A delegation of Republicans
rom isoiitn uaronna is uere, anu nas nan
onsultatiou with Mr. Ackertnan rela
tive to the affairs of that State, and espe
cially with regard to the alleged fraudu
lent issue ot tne bonus oi tnat state.
It is ascertained that the Seal Fishin
Comoanr of Alaska is not observing it
(O tract with the Government, whereby
it obtained the exclusive right to cate
rer seals. The complaints made by th
natives will probably .lead to investiga
tion by Congress.
In advocating the adoption of the Pos
tal Telegraph System the Postmaster
General has not fully decided what ac
tion he will recommend concerning tne
telegraph lines now owned by the Wes
tern Linion Company.
Reports received by the Attorney Gen
eral represent that the Kn Klux in the
disturbed districts, and other portions of
South Carolina where a gang had been
recently organized, are completely bro
ken up and scattered.
An interesting case is pending in the
United States Supreme Court affecting
judicial proceedings in Utah. Two
years ago a Gentile firm in Salt Lake
City sustained damage of $20,000 by the
destruction of their stock of liquors by
order of a city Justice, for non-payment
of license. The firm brought suit against
the city under the territorial laws, and
a verdict was rendered in the United
States District Court in their favor for
the loss sustained. The city appealed to
he United States Supreme Court of the
Ttirrilory, on the ground that this was a
Territorial case, and a jury should there-
tore be summoned by the Territorial
Marshal instead of the United States
Marshal. The higher court affirmed the
decision of the court below. An appeal
was taken by the counsel for the city to
the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the decision of the later is anxiously
awaited by the Mormons, as it collateral
ly involves the legality of the grand jury
summoned by the United States Marsh
als which lately found indictments
against Hawkins, Brigham Young and
other prominent Mormons under the
Territorial laws.
The government and the Spanish au
thorities have not yet arrived at an agree
ment respecting the Hornet, now at Port
au Prince, menaced by Spanish vessels.
A correspondence is iu progress between
the Secretary of State and Minister Rob
erts, the former protesting against the
design ot seizure ot tne vessel, which was
under the American flag.
According to the Russian official pro
gramme the first visit of the Grand
Duke Alexis to Washington will not ex
tend over twenty-four hours. It will
be merely for the purpose of paying his
respects to President Grant aud the
members of the Cabinet, who in a hotly
will welcome hiin at the Execntive Man
sion. He will receive no visitors during
his brief sojourn, nor receive cards.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
A telegram from Portsmouth says
that the storm continues but the tide is
not so high as on Wednesday. The
beaches and roads at the seashore a; Rye
and Hampton, are seriously injured.
No trains over the Eastern railroad have
arrived since the storm commenced.
MAINE.
The great storm of Tuesday and Wed
nesday, extended over nearly ths entire
United states. Advices irom Portland,
say that it interfered materially wirb
railroad travel throughout the state. The
trains on the Grand Trunk Railwav
were delayed two or three hours. A
dispatch from Rockland dated on Mon
day, says
the severest gale known for years
commenced on Tuesday night and still
continues. The sa ran higher in our
harbor yesterday than has been known
since 1355. The wharves aud shipping
were uaujy damaged.
UTAH.
It is said that a number of well known
polygamists are making preparations to
send away their plural wives should the
decision in the forthcoming trials for
lascivious cohabitations go against the
dPlenders, nut nobody believes that any
ot them will do so. The .Mormons think
of abandoning their present homes and
their property because of the enforce
ment of the law against polygamy. The
Mormons claim earnestly to believe that
then piurai wives doctrine is ot Uod.
but many of them begin to express grave
rtouocs as to tne expediency ot continu
ing its practice u violation of law.
TENNESSEE.
Last Saturday, two negroes, while go
ing nome irom urenaua, .Mississippi,
were shot by Jack Trebble, a worthless
fellow. One was killed and the other
mortally wounded. Treble has been ar
rested. The annual convocation of the Mason
ic Grand Chapters closed Saturday, the
lollowlng olhcers having been elected
and installed for the ensuing year A,
li. Wheeler, High 1'riest: Join W. Fare-
ton, Deputy High Priest; James B. Mur-
lee, serine; .John Meclellann, Treasur
er: John Frizzell, Secretary; John T.
Irion, Chaplain; R. A. Caldwell, Cap
tain S. W. River, Royal Arch Captain
JOsiali w. Anderson, King.
CALIFORNIA.
Dispatches from Arizona say the In
dians who butchered the Wickenburg
stage passengers, scattered greenbacks
around on the ground and did not take
even coin from the bodies of most of the
passengers. Active pursuit is being
made.
Advices from Arizona charge Vincent
Collyer with floating his Indian reserva
tions over lands pre-einptied and occu
pied by settle.-s in Verde and San Pedro
valleys. Governor Sattbrd publishes a
letter from San Francisco recounting
the murders and outrages by Indians
from the reservations, and bitterly ar
raigning Collycr'a later operations and
reports.
MISSOURI.
As a passenger train on the North
Missouri Railroad, which left hero this
morning, having two cars containing
inety-live recruits from New Albany
Ltaehed. was annroachintr WelUville,
and running a down grade at high speed,
rail broke, and the two rear cars, con
taining the recruits, flew the tracts and
rolled down tne emoancment, turning
wo or three times. At latest accounts
sixteen soldiers had been killed outright,
or died of their wounds.
NEW JERSEY.
The storm of Tuesday -night was the
most severe ever experienced here dnr-
ng the last twentv-n ve vears in ttua city.
Thousands of dollars worth ot valuable
property was .submerged and partially
destroyed. The Morris canal overflow
ed its banks and houses along its banks
were filled with water to the depth of
several feet, many families being com
pelled to seek other quarters, lac loss
of the canal company and the owners
along its sides will exceed $10,000. The
Lafayette meadows were inundated and
large quantities of lumber was swept
away. An oil sloop was sunk in Morris
canal, the yacht Drene was also sunk no
lives lost, in nackensack a large mm
owned by Suyler and Rutan was burned
to the ground a quantity of unsacked
lime having been submurged which sat
fire to the building.
WISCONSIN.
At Kenosh, Wisconsin, E. F. Morris,
an old resident or mat city, snot ins
wife in the left side, killing her in
stantly. He then placed the muzzle of
his gun in his moutn ana mew oi me
left side of his head. No cause is as
signed for the terrible deeds.
Governor Fairchud of Wisconsin has
authorized the furnishing of three thou
sand feet of lun.ber, free of expense, to
every family who would rebuild on
their lots recently devastated by fire.
C. E. Mcintosh, defeated candidate for
the Assembly at Appleton. Wisconsin,
on Saturday made an assault on Sam
Hvan. Jr.. editor of the Appleton Cres
cent, striking him a tierce blow on the
head from behind with a heavy suck
The Fon du Lack Commonwealth says
George C. Chase, a book-binder in that
establishment, has established his name
to a fortune m England, which will give
him $1,500,000.
MICHIGAN.
The Society of the Army of the Cum
berland met for theii fifth annual union at
die uoei a House in Detroit, at ten o clock
Wednesday forenoon, General Sheridan,
senior Vice President.in the chair. Gencr-
il H. S. Williams delivered the address
ot" welcome, after which the forenoon
was consumed by short and happy
ipeeches from Generals Hooker, Fair-
child, Governor of Wisconsin, T. J.
Wood, Nathan Kimball, Jefferson C.
Davis, H. A. B-irnum, William L,
jtoughton. L. Doyton and others. Let.
cers from President Grant, Vice Presi
dent Colfax, the Secretary of War.
Treasury, and Navy, and also from Gen
erals Sherman, and Buell and Admiral
Porter, were led by the Secretary. At
three o'clock the Society re-assembled
aud proceeded to the usual annual busi
ness, adlourning at six o ciock to meet at
eight o'clock, to listen to the annual
address by General H. H. Barnum. A
large and intelligent assemblage of citi
zens of Detroit met with the Society to
listen to the address. The opera house,
under direction of the local executive
committee, was beautifully decorated, and
was crowded. After the address the So
ciety attended a reception given by Gov
ernor .Baldwin.
INDIANA.
One of the most horrible triple mur
ders ever perpetrated was committed in
Clark county, three miles out of Henry
ville, on Saturday night. The discovery
was made at 9 o'clock Sunday morning
by the neighbors, who found Eveline
Park, standing on the back porch with
three fearful gashes from an axe in her
head. Sitting in a left hand room was nei
en Park, aged 14, with two fearful gashes
in tiie urctiii, aim uiuou tiuzmg nut. iu
a bed in the same room lay the ghastly
forms of Cyrus il. and Isabella jrark
moti.er and father of the girls, welter
ing in their gore, with blood and brains
on the heads of both. In an adjoining
room was John Park, aged ten years,
with two cuts in the head, cold and stiff
in death. The murderers are supposed
to have entered the sleeping apartments
of the father and mother and with an
ixe killed them. They then went into the
adioining room and killed the boy,
While thus engaged the girls must nave
been roused, as tney occupied a oeu in
the same room. They were instantly
struck on the bead, and lett for dead
Eveline was only able to tell that she
saw some one in the room with a light
iu his hand. One hundred and nine
ty dollars were taken from the house
It is the general belief that two white
men committed the deed. Some time
ago there was some disturbance in the
neighborhood, and Cyrus Park, John M
Kirk and others were in an organiza
tion to prevent outrages. Some one sent
au anonymous letter to Park a few weeks
ago, saying that be and Kirk would be
fixed. Last night Kirk left the scene of
tne murder, going home, half a mile dis
tant, at nine o'clock. While eating his
supper he heard a dog bark, and going
out he was conlronted by two men,
They advanced upon him and pursued
him into the house. He bad a hired man
named Llewelyn, the former with a shov
el and the later with a pistol, stood
guard inside the house all night. Dur
ing the night the men came on the porch
three times, but did not succeed in then
designs. It is believed that the same
parties were connected with the Park
family murder, and that the robbery
was to cover up tne motive,
ILLINOIS.
A meeting of grain receivers, who
have lost grain burnt in cars and eleva
tors prior to delivery, was held yester
day evening. The chairman of the
meeting announced that he had called
upon the authorities of the Northwest
ern and Illinois Central railroads and i
answer to his inquiry they said they
should refuse to pay for the grain in the
bauds since the loss was by the act of
God. The consignees held that there
was no delivery until they nad received
aud paid the freight bills. A committee
was appointed to draw up a paper to be
signed by all who wanted to prosecute
me roads, it was generally understood
Jiat the roads would agree to a test case
Five prisoners awaiting trial in Irri-
quois county jail at Watseka, Illinois,
orokc jail and escaped on the moriuu
of the 8th. Two hundred and fifty dol
lars re .v aid is offered for the arrest oi
the crowd.
Under the influence of the high rates
oi insurance put upon the grain ware
houses of Chicago, the proprietors have
determined to purchase each a steam fire
engine for its own use, and the whole
number to be called out should there be
a necessity for it. Each warehouse is
also to have a steam pump connected
with pipes radiating through the buil
ding, to be used on like occasions. In
this way the warehouses will be enabled
to take care of themselves more effec
tually than in any other way. Under
these circumstances the proprietors will
not deem it necessary to insure their
warehouses or their contents.
In the case of the Continental and
Garden City Insurance Companies of
hicago, on which application had been
made to tne uircuit court lor the ap
pointment oi receivers, Judge Williams
yesterday decided not to appoint such
receivers, for the reason that there are
not allegations against the Companies
s.iowing bad faith on the part of the
Ulcers of the companies. The compa
nies are, according to the allegations,
.o largely insolvent, but the mere
insolvency of Company, as decided in
the case of Baker vs. Backus, is not suf
ficient to authorize the Court to appoint
a reciever. There must be ome bad
faith on the part of the officers, or some
act which may have been done by them
which amounts virtually to forfeiture of
charter.
Inasmuch as the issues between Gov
ernor Palmer, Mayor Mason, and Lieu
t n mt-General Sheridan, in relation to
what is termed the millitary occupation
of Chicago, are exciting much discus
sion throughout the country, the follow
ing proclamation, under which Lieuten-iiiit-ueueral
Sheridan acted, is repro
duced: "The preservation of the good,
order and peace of the city is hereby
intrusted to Lieutenaiit-General Sher
idan of the United States Army. The
polloe wJH a.ct li conjunetipn with the
LieiitcnanUGeneral the preservation
of the peace and quiet of the pity, and
the Superintendent of Police will con.
suit hliu to that end, the intent hereof
being to preserve the peace of the city
without Interfering with the functions
of the city." Signed by Mayor Mason.
The Evening Journal has it from
trustworthy authority thvt the grand
iurr, now in session in Chicago, ha the
matter of the death of Colonel Grosve
nor tinder investigation, and after a
very careful anil thorough examination
of all the facts bearing upon the case,
to-day came to the unanimous conclusion
that there was no good grounds for an
indictment, either against young Treat
who did the shooting. Mayor Mason,
Lieutenant-General Sheridan, or the
other military or civil oflieers under
whose orders the city was being guard
ed and patrolled at 'the time oi' the un
fortunate homicide.
The Police and Fire Commissioners
have determiued to investigate the cause
of the fire and ascertain the truth, if
possible. Mrs. O'Leary and her famous
cow will be looked after.
NEW YORK.
The publisher of the Spectator, an in
surance journal, has issued a table show
ing the aggregate losses of companies
by States, number suspended and asses
sed, and numbers unaffected by the Chi
cago fire. The total number of compa
nies in tne united states is sou, aggre
gate capital, $74,930,210; total gros as
sets, $135,520,426 total losses, $Si,&21,-
CUIUpaiUCS u&p:iiucu, ui uitmui
assessed, 28; number not in the flre,87
losses of companies by States, New York
$21,637,500, Ohio $4,818,657, MassaclHi
setts, $4,433,500, Pennsylvania $2,082,000
Illinois $3,878,000, Connecticut $'J,325,
000, Rhodesland $2,072,500, Caliiornia
$2,950,000, Missouri foio,WU, jiaryianu
$397,165, Wisconsin, $290,000, Michigan,
$175,000, Minnesota siuo,uw,juaine jau,-
000, Kentucky $6,800; losses of foreign
companies $a,81d,0U0.
Commenting on the case of the steam
ship Franklin, the Sanitary Committee
of the Board of Health made a report up
on the cholera, .reiterating the former
recommendations to the authorities aud
citizens, and asking thorough execution
of precautionary measures. They say
i
tne streets are siliai iu a uaugciuus oiaic
of uucleanliness, and direct the City San
itary Inspector to substitute proper
measures or renei. ine secretary oi
War is condemned for refusal to require
returns to be made to the Board of con
tagious and infectious diseases among
tiie troops at posts within the city, aud
enforce needful sanitary ordinances and
regulations. .Eighteen assistant inspec
tors m ere appointed to attend to vaccin
ations, in view of the increase of small
pox. There were eleven new cases of
cholera to-day among the Franklin's pas
sengers, and the hospital ship Delaware
has gone to the lower Day.
In the Irving case a commissioner
was appointed to examine the condition
of Deputy United States Marshall Dow
l3y. General McDowell was present in
court and it was determined not to re
move Irving to a fort at present. There
is no penalty for killing au officer under
t le United States laws, aud in case of
the death of Dawley, after punishment
tor assault, Irving will be turned over to
the State courts to answer to the charge
of killing. Subsequently, on report ol
Dr. Place that IJowIey's lite was iu dau-
er, but he did not think he would die,
I -k ing was admitted to bail iu $10,000.
Iu the Fisk-Mansfield injunction suit
Judge Brady granted an order to show
cause why Judge Pratt's order recalling
the case to .Brooklyn should be set aside.
There is every indication of protracted
exciting litigation growing out of these
proceedings.
The residence of Mr. Nathan, who was
so mysteriously murdered, is being con
verted into a gambling den.
The losses of the Gloucester fishing
fleet during the present season are great
er than during any previous year, aud
the number of lives sacrificed exceeds
that of any year except 1862. Twenty-
two vessels have been wrecked, sunk or
aianamed, valued at flu;s,uuu, on vt l ti
tuere was $89,306 insurance, nearly all,
however, on the mutual plan. One"hun
dred and thirty-six fishermen lost their
lives, forty-five of whom left widows
and upward of ninety children. During
1870 the number of vessels lost was thir
teen, valued at $73,500, insurance $60,
450, and the number of lives lost being
eighty-eight.
A South Carolina dispatch reports that
the United States Court at Raleigh has
sentenced a large number of Klu Klux
ists to the Albany Penitentiary. At
Chester they were arrested on the se
cret evidence of worthless negroes, one
of whom had been convicted of rape
Wednesday there were twenty-one ar
rests at Uuionville. The people are
fleeing rapidly.
Two ship loads of emigrants, en route
tor Ijtsili arrived in Txew lork last week.
The news of the late trials in Salt Lake
had not reached them until they lauded
and the only consolation left was the
consciousness that the Mormons who ad
vanced their passage money were even
more oereaveu than they.
It has been determined to make the
Apollo Hall Democratic Reform organi
zation, under whose auspices the late
campaign was principally conducted, the
leading institution or the .Democracy ot
New York. In the new organization all
tne political elements oi tne Democracy
will be embraced. Those who have
been prominent in connection with Tam
many, however, will be excluded from
membership. Since the election honest
men are fast leaving Tammany, whose
power seems to be completely over
thrown. It is understood that Samuel
G. Courtney will be Chairman of the
Executive Committee of the new organ
ization. The reform leaders are receiv
ing hundreds of communications from
prominent Democrats in the west, and
iu the interior of the State urging the
formation of a new organization upon a
reform basis, and rejoicing at the down
fall of corrupt Tammany.
The first snow of the season in Xew
York City commenced falling at seven
o clock Thursday morning. Additional
adcouuts show the effects of the storm in
that vicinity on Tuesday night and by
tne nign line ot Wednesday to he quite
severe. A large quantity of the Harlem
flats was washed away. In Jersey the
Morris canal overflowed, submersrin?
basements, carrying off lumber, boats,
vacnts, etc., ana damaging over ten
t -ousand dollars' worth of property.
ihe lecture rooms of the Methodist.
Church at Bergen Heights was blown
down, and the church damaged. In
Newark over twenty thousaad dollars'
worth of property was destroyed by
w.nd and water: several unfinished
nouses were demolished and casements
flooded. At Elizabeth a brick foundrv
auci live buildings were blown down
The danger to shinning was considera
ble, and it is expected that further losses
will be reported. An unfinished church
in riamtield was destroyed.
The Democratic Eeform Committee
have evidence that fifteen thousand
f audulent votes were counted on Tues
day. They expect to punish thirty-six
repeaters already under surveillance.
there is evidence agaiust the police.
The Tribune has an article on the cor
ruption of the Judiciary showing how
Judges of the Supreme Court have car
ried on corrupt practices by the refer
ence system. Years ago, when Tweed
was; a bankrupt, he applied to Judge
xutruara ana through nis influence ob-
taineu a diploma from a Law College,
and consequently admission to the Bar,
although he had never read a law bonk.
Thereafter numerous cases were refer
red to hlra by which large sums of mon
ey were realized. Judge Barnard had
his rfeerees in the persons of big rel
ives. Judge Carson selects members oi
the Tammany organization, and so on
through the list. Investigation into the
subject is to be made by the Bar Asso
ciation, and perhaps a law will be enact
ed Dy tne next Legislature for the aboli
tion of the reference system.
Ingersoll has not yet been arrested,
and the sheriff seems to have done noth
ing to apprehend him. The intention of
Tweed to resign is asserted on high au
thority It is not probable that McClel
land will accept his place. Tweed it
very reticent as to his intentions, bul
states that he will remain in the city and
certainly take his seat in the Legislature.
Sweeney is arranging his aflairs for an
extended European tour, and is to re
main abroad until after the Presidential
campaign of 1872.
Police Justices Shandley and Selwith
are about to effect a change in their ju
risdictions, so as to place themselves In
better positions In regard to their con
stittipnts. In a suit brought by a widow of a pas
senger killed by the explosion of the
Staten Island steamer, Westfield, to re
coyer damages, the owners of the vessel
set up a plea that the passengers had
no right on the boat, because uuder a law
of the State Sunday traveling is a mis
demeanor. The late hubbub made about the trent
mentof county prisoners in Ludlow
Street Jail lias entirely subsided, as all
1
"TC.-'i ni v. Ir was .!ii;.-,-.i tb:
there would be a general I.-armg -ut f
prisoners from ibis place from the c;-.:-lie.t
manner in which Justice fiinr.
took hold of the mai .Many cures do
serviiig cnniderat.oti were cvsuihilv
disposed of. but the ni.-itrer bv no means
partook ot tli at indiscriminate it'Hiiig- i
loose' character supposed by many.
There were mmf ca.-cs which the shcrilV j
and his counsel di-t-ined ir necessary to
inquire into, a th-'y were hi bonis or",
hu ge sums, and were detained upon ?e-
it-
nous t-au.stss. 1 In- ,-s;e-i-il; .-tales tii;tt lie
has made a requisition t:iw!:i toe iSoard
of Supervisors for various nrlcU-: lurtln-
betrer comfort of the prisoners. The
Board is to meet thi wi-ckj when the
matter ot an appropriation lor lids pur
pose will come up before them.
Jtnssia.
A St. Petersburg disj.ateh states that an
oflUU.5 iiote from the i'l'.iteil Sraie tiov-c-rnment,
having refi-reuce to the l:oi -hie
in couneciiou with Ca.tac.azv, llie
Russian minister at Washington,
been received, and presented to
Russian Government.
Africa.
nas
the
Mail advices from Africa cay that peo- j
pie on the west coast are d ing off from
small pox like sheep, the deaths ar
over twenty per cent, of those attcked
The Jnju n.eu and the prcists are very
busy instilling into the minds oi the ig-
norunt natives that tlie disease is a judg
ment of their Juju, or Gods, on the peo
ple for so many of them embracing
Christianity.
Hungary.
A telegram lrom Festh announces
that, a manifesto has just been issued by
Kossuth, the Hungarian patriot, in
which he strongly approves of the de
mands of the Czechs, and the proposi
tion of their leaders to resolve the Aus
trian government into a confederation
of states. He severely censures the pol
icy adopted toward tlie Czec.i National
by Count Andraassy, the new chancellor
of the Austrian Empire.
(Scrminy.
The ceremony of unvailing the statue
of the poet Schiller was observed Satur
day in the presence of tiie Emperor,
Crown Prince, Prince Frederick Charles,
and M. AVrangel, President of the Keich
stag. The crowd present was very
large.
The Korth German Gazette says in its
editorial colunis that the "Cabinet
changes just effected at Vienna vill noi
aneet the relations between tlie Count
and the Court of Berlin.
Spain.
But little of interest has come to us
from Spain during tiie past week. On
Monday the Cortes pased a vole ol" confi
dence iu the existing government. The
vote stood 101 yeas to 3S nays. The rad
ical members abstained from voting.
The journeyman bakers of Valencia,
who are on a strike fnradditioual wi.ges.
attempted to prevent tiie iuteroductiou oi
workman tor bread from the adjoinim:
towns. A body ot calverv dispersed the
mob.
Turkey.
A firman has been issued by .the Sub
lime Porte, directing the Minister ol
Public Works to inaugurate a compre
hensive system of public improvements,
in view of the network of railways pro
jected by foreign' capitalists in tiie Otto
man dominions. The harbors are to be
improved, rivers made navigable, now
roads built, old ones repaired, and overt
effort made to establish lines of connec
tion with new railways from all rtarts ot
the country.
Belgium.
Various reports have been iu circula
tion in regard to M.Jules Favre. late
French Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Some had it that he had been appointed
Envoy of Belgium, and that he would
be sent to Loudon on a mission of
special importance. A dispatch to the
Independence Beige from Paris states
that no appointment has yet been made,
but it is known that the question of
making Favre Ambassador of France to
Great Britain is under consideration in
the French cabinet.
Italy.
The State apartments of the Quirinal
Palace are in con-se of preparation lor
the permanent residence of King Victor
Emanual on his approaching.
It is said the Pope intends to .address
a communication to the European pow
ers protesting agaiust certain acts, as
violations of international law and l ights
and the dignities of countries concerned.
He will specify among other acts the ex
pulsion of runs from' convents, and the
suppression and closing of certain inter
national relig'.ous houses.
Sandwich Islunds.
A Honolula leter of tiie 24th tilt, gives
the details of the loss of the American
brig Shelhoff, which was rendered :i
wreck July 2d, In a gale in the Pacific on
her passage from San Francisco to Hon
olulu. All tlie crew died in tlie wreck,
and when tiie steamship Moses Taylor
fell in with her on the 10th of October,
Captain Hopkins only was barely alive.
The rest of the crew and four passengers
perished from hunger and hardship. The
crew were foreigners. Ashley Crane
and Charles Davis of San Francisco were
the only American passengers.
Ireland.
Kelly, accused of tlie murder of high
constable Talbot, has been acquitted
after a long aul exciting trial. There
were great demonstrations made in Dub
lin and Cork, but no disturbance occur
ed. The headeonsta'ile is still hell in
charge of firing a pistol at nfliccr Mullen
The trial on this cii irge h is bjju post
pone I, and his friends are in hopes ili:.t
a nolle prosequi will be entered,
Jennings Piggott, editor of t: Dublin
Irishman, is low under arrest, lie. w.i.
treated with great rigor au l placed in
that part of tlie jail assigned to person -accused
of high misdemeanor.
Switzerland.
Cn Monday a tire broke out in Genev:',
which continued with ut abatement tiii
til Wednesday afternoon. Tremendous
consternation prevailed, but the militaiy
preserved order. The Eue lihone, on
which the Haines originated, is a scene
of ruin, a large n umber of buildings
having fallen victims to the devouring
flames.
The corporate authorities of Berne
have resolved to revive and enforce to j
their fullest extent within the city liin- j
its, the federal laws prohibiting the ex
istence ot gambling uaiiKs and lotteries,
within the con feneration. These laws
have, for a long time been practically
obsolete.
Canada.
Advices from all the lake ports re; r -sent
that the stor in was very severe ai.d
great damage was done to the shipping.
The schooner George Foot, of Detroit,
is ashore at the mouth of the Xiagara riv
er. The crew were saved.
The propeller Enterprise is ashore in
South Bay.
The tug Sam Lewis is ashore in Owen
Sound, and is supposed to be a total loss.
The gunboat Prince Alfred went to the
assistance of the schooner Gold Hunter,
and had her in tow, but the crew was
obliged to cut her adrift iu order to save
their own vessel. The Gold Hunter had
on hoard the captain, mare and four
men. The captain of the gunboat thinks
that the schooner was capsized.
Peru.
There was a heavy earthquake at Iqni
quc aud the interior of Peru on the full
of October. There was considerable
damage done to the buildings in Iqui
rpie, and a great panic of the people.
The effects wore more disastrous in tlie
interior, where the town of Pica and
Matilla were destroyed, and here
scarcely a house was left standing. Fire
succeeded the earthquake in Pica. At
Varapacca the church of the Panhcon,
eighteen houses and the dam of the
river were destroyed The towns I's
magama Guasqufna and Pachiea also
"uttered severely. Very few lives were
lost. The steamer Panama felt the
earthquake at sea, and Arequipa had
shocks on the -1th and 10th, but no buil
dings were damaged.
China and Jtajinn.
Tim no,,- .ri'ii"i.i-i 11. .f ',.l-..l... 1 f
entertained tlie foreign consiils at din- i
tier, anil made a rsunculiy progressive
speech,
John Mnizham, British Consul at
ShaiiRiii, died on the Otli Inst.
Baron Riehtofeu his started to ex
plore the extreme northwest of China.
Move than three hundred lives wore
lost at Macao during the typhoon of the
2d of September.
The rain continues In tho norili.
Within the last ten days the water has
been higher than nt aiiy previous dav.
Twenty thousand square miles of terrii
tory have been Snnuuduied, anil 0119
thousand people drowned.
Austria.
ijs Bonm!:iii Diet still refuses to
jsr-i-e! deputies to the lieichrratl). Tilt
I lii.erial government is riiseussipg a
ipvoirfi-mon t titrow tno elections open
people o. l-.nemia. so that ill
ciio and s id delegates to tie
ma v
siv.th wiinoutthe intei vention oi
ovinci '.i Diet.
Imperial decree lias been received
liii- r
A v.
roll!
Vienna derin-" the immediate e- st
lection of mem
-!-a:H tiirectlv
v... ,,,1, t i.,:, .1, I
..e:toilie AuMlimReich
Iiy the people o! Bohemia.
Tli.- nsivil ..!-?!."srr.r nf tt lmlllnr nf I
r -.1 i
at once issued
A Vienna letter state- rhat tho retire
merit of the late Chancellor of the Austria
I!!tng:;ri:in Monarchy, Count Von Heust.
I s provi!,i v tine to the fact that he was j
believed to lie assisting secretly the Hob- I
j en wart par y. w!ii!e retaining the leadei-
shin of ilia Liberals. There wa much
libiiaiioii in Vienna among the Liberal
Coiisi'uutioiiuiists over tlie resignation of
the tlonenwart party,
France.
The annual feast of La Madelaine was
celebrated Wednesday. Early in the
il.T- f -i"ict a f.fMiiri-f.o-0 ail til- tb.. rtinroli
of "La Ma delaine for the nurnose of par
ticipating in the services. A strong
poiiee force interrupted the exercises,
and quietly entered and cleared the
building, by order of the authoraties,
who desired to prevent mass being an
nually celebrated for the health and
spiritual welfare of ex-Empress Eu
genie. Iu r,n interview, President Thiers au
thoratively staled that when the legis
lative Assembly meets at the beginning
cf December, the government will pro
pose an end to the Provisional regime
and establish a linilive Hepublic.
Goulard has been appointed Ambassa
dor from France to Italy. F. Pi card,
private minister of the interior, has
been appointed minister to Belgium.
Gaiubetu has completely recovered
from his serious attack of illness, and
will soon visit Marseilles, Bordeaux and
Lyons.
Mexico.
A teleg- aph line to tho Rio Grande has
been com j leted audaa courier arrived
from Monterey brings dates to the fourth.
t that date two hundred cavalry who
had sailed from Salt'dlo on aforagingex
n'dition encountered Ihe rebel forces.
The Government troops were driven back
with a loss of one half of their number.
The rebels are exultant. Two regiments
of Government cavalry have arrived at
Saltillo. Trepina has carefully fortified
ilieloz. Muerias, commanding the road
between Monterey and Saltillo, hear
ing of the arrival of reinforcements,
commenced firing aud had begun mak
ing preparations for an attack which
was set down for the 9th. Escohedo has
placed at the disposal of the Govern
ment all the San Luis forces. His cav
elry are now at Ekarou on the border.
The Government forces from Tamauli
ivis under Cortinas have advatn e 1 into
Xii "va Leon. Xovaris fell back to Mon
terey. Cortinas is now- Camalos, having
a lvanoed twenty leagues from Monterey.
It is said that Carajnl will head the rev
olution in Tamaulipas.
England.
Reports from Loudon say it is estimat
ed that ten millions sterling, belonging
to the French government are on deposit
there, and held for tlie payment of the
German indemnity.
The British Government has granted
a pension of 300 to the children of Dr.
Livingstone, African Explorer. Living
stone, w hen last heard from, was slowly
making his way toward the coast.
The Tichborne baronetcy case contin
ues to be the leading feature of interest
in legal circles. Several important ele
ments toward establishing the identity
of the claimant with the missing baronet
has been produced and the present as
pect of the case is greatly in his favor.
Scott Russell writes to a paper giv
ing a history of the so-called social
movement. He says, "If Prince Albert
had been living he would have been its
1 ;ader." The. movement originated in
the proposed form of Union between the
peers and working men. He denies most
positively that its object or methods a re
political of revolutionary. He strongly
advocates perseverance in the effort ia
the interest of social progress reform.
AJormidable plot of Bonapartis general.-,
headed by Flettry, to arrest Thiers
and proclaim the Empire, has been dis
covered. The plotters' papers are in
the possession of Thiers, who is confi
dent of the failure of the conspiracy.
A tremendous explosion occured in a
colliery at Wigan at a late hour on Wed
nesday. The buildings in the vicinity
rocked, and the people rushed from the
houses. A general panic prevailed.
The sound of the explosion was heard in
the country around for several miles.
Much alarm was felt. Fortunately the
disaster occurred after the working
gangs had withdrawn, or the loss of life
must have been appalling. Six men weie
killed. Possibly one or two more will
be found. Tlie cause of the explosion is
unknown.
On the fete day of the Ex-Empress,
the French sent a large deputation from
Paris, which arrived in London, pro
ceeded to Chiselhurst, where they offer
ed their congratulations to Her Majesty,
and the ollk-ers of the late Imperial
Guard sent aboquette to-be presented.
I take pleasure in calling the attention of mv
customcrs and lrieuds generailv to the adver
tisement below, of an arrangement with the
1'ttiHfnrHh' t-mhi'j nail Loan Aiuoeiation, bv
which not only ample capital and greater facilt
ties will be added to m v former Genmtl Banting
Bminr, that will offer in its SAVINGS DE
PARTMENT a desirable and acceptable feature
to tho public.
With !cr:'.t?fi;l feelings for the business confi
dence and liberal patronage I have so many
vears enjoyed, I resjAftfuilv solicit for oi-f .s
s n-iation a coiitinuauce of tlie same confident
ly lii:-:nis I"JC mo WCI1-KUOW1! llitugl'it. if
chara u-r ami responsibility of the gentlemen
oiio, c i' .1 with the Association will commend
it to public favor. Ho I! ACE STEELE.
PaiucbVillc. Ohio. Nov. S, HS71.
THE
fa:.sville
Savings Loan Association
Capital $1G0 COO,
is now orran:zed :in
wii! commence operations
on 3ioiuutv. Vdih.
If il, and m addition to
the transaction of a
General Eraiiklug HnKiness,
V.'e dc?i
to the
to call tho attention of the public
department
of the Association, in which, deposits wilt he n
ceive 1 in sums of anv amount from one dollar
ivy.-irds and f5-terc.it paid therefor. An insti
tution of J:iis kin-.l we trust ill imet with pop
id. tr f;t or, as it presents a pl.-iu for laying aside
:.in.'.l! sinus from weeklv or monthtv earnings in
a safe and pcolit.iljlc w.iy, by which will accum-jibit-.
-oiuumts in a few yc.trs to iiuv homes or
invest in u.is i ncss. ih.u otherwise niav be ex
.on.io i for no lasting benefit whatever to the
parties.
The ample capital of the Association, and
ch.lra--i-r i' the liivctoi-sbit, we hope will be
s-.ii'ii-iont guar-sniy of proper conduct of the bus
iness and safety for the interests of our custo
mers. I b-afts furnished on all parts of Europe, aud
Passage Tickets to and from nil foreign ports.
I!. STEELE, I'res't.
RALPH K. PAKiE, s-ec'v andCashier.
I). It. l'AK.-l 1
GEO. W. STEELE,
s AH. MOODY, Directors.
IA.II1.S1'.I01L1,
HOli At.
Painesvilie, Nov. 9,
iSTKELK. J
lSdk61-2
liorlS's Sale
Tnr State of
Lake i oi stt.
Into)
T?v VIRTUE OF AX
ORDER OT SA LE IS.
ffoMllllO'l l'lcis. in Ilia
J.J sued hy the Court of Common
w. r isnnr. el. al.: as.unst James B.
Harne. it. al.; an 1 to mo dire.-tcd. twill offer
at public aiM-lion at the door of the 'ourt House
in Painesvilie, on the 90: h d.iv of December. A.
1).. 1S"1. at one oViork, P M.. the following de
scribed lands ami tenements to wil:
Situated iu (he Township of Mentor, ountv
of I. ike and State of Ibio. and known as being
p irt of Lot No 1. and abo being formerlv the
hilnev Tavern Stand, and now owned and oe
eiiplod by said Barnes and known as the Ave
nue House, ami bounded and described as fol
lows
lb-ginning in Ihe center of the Ridse Road in
incline running between the lands of David
Sawyer and .loscph Sa .vver. Them e with said
line south S'.l'.' dcL-rees E 7 ch litis to a nost.
'f hence South t"0::; degrees WV chains aud N
links to a povi. 'j'hence North 9it4- degrees W
7 chains to the center of said Road. Thence
along the center tif said Uoad to the place of be
ginning, cont.uninu- two acres of land.
Appraised at -sf.i-7. Ji oti.
Given under no- hand at the Court House in
I'.iinesville, this 10th day of November A. 1
IS". ISek S. W IKE, Sheriff.
Furniture for tlie Million.
The i:niiei:sh;nei wishes to call
special attention to his assortment of
FURNITURE
of all kinds, consisting of
CHAMT1EU SKTS. HOOK CASES, CANE
A XI) WOOD SEATED CUAIKS.TA-
T.LES, LOUNGES, &C JfcC.
A large mianlitr of r.lcganl M ATTRASSES lust
received. P1CTI KE IK AMES furnished of
anv pattern.
&y nstoin work of nil kinds will rcceivo
ploinpt aiUiuinu.
tor. Slain .t State Sts., Over French's Grocery,
1'AINES V1I.LE, OHIO.
"ii8 JJOJuLN (U-mVENlSUEK.
Notice.
Ep virtue of an order of aale. issued by thi
Clerk of the Court of Comrotia 1'leas, on tlie eth
day or Deeuib-r, A. I. ls.l, and to medtrooted.
in the rase of HuMa Newell vs. Hiram Newell, I
will offer at Publ.e Auction, at the an -tion store
i;i ji. iv. inniif,ouoiivKm, lotut- maOOl
rah.e.- ille. County of Lake, and State of Ohio, ou
Satureity, November 25tA, 1S71,
oa o'clock P. M. of said dav, the follow In?
tteserioen vrapertr, lo-wit: t me Bureau, two
st!Hlrts one j,!;:t;.a, lwo Jied-eordsltwo
Veather Beds and five Pillows, four Chairs, one
Kobe, KftMin and Mirror.
i.iven under my hand ai. tho Court
Hoik in 1
Painesvilie. Lake countr.
Ohio,
this fourth day
of November, A. I. 1ST1.
17-Mk
S. WIRE, Sheriff.
Sheriff's Sale.
The tlTATE or OHI0.
Laee torm, ss. i
t Y virtfe of A
AX ORDER OF SALE is
sued bv the Court of Common Pleas, in the
ease of (ienrffe E. Howe ac ainst Carlos t, Fea.se,
and to me diretei. I will offer at public, auc
tion at the door of the Court House, in Paines
yille, on the 90th dav of December. A. 1., 1ST1,
atone o'clock P. the following described
lands to wit:
Situate in the township of Mentor, Coun
ty of Lake and State of Ohio, and bein? alt tho
land in Tract No. 9 and Lot So. S and part of
Lot No. 9 in said Tract, purchased bv said Howe
ot H. B. Perkins and wile.by deeduated Decem
ber 18th, 13T, containing in Lot No. 4, 42S6-100
acre and in Lot No. 3. u 60-1U0 acres of land.
A upraised at &e0.00.
Given under mv hand at tho Court Howe In
Painesvilie, thia l6xh day of Novem her, A D1871
18efc S. WIRE, Sheriff.
1871.
1ST1.
MEAD FATAE,
MASri ACTCBRR9 AND 8EAXEBS IX
Kos. 51 amd S3 Maim Stbkxt,
PAIXE8VILLE, OHIO,
Have constantly on band a well-selected
sortment of
PARLOR AND CHAMBER SETS. TETE-A-TETES.
SOFAS, SOFA CHAIRS, EASY
CHAIRS, LOUNGES, MARBLE, MA
HOGANY AND WALNUT TOP
CENTER TABLES
EXTENSION AND DINING ROOM TABLES,
RUSH. CANE WOOD SEAT CHAIRS, WO
VEN WIRE MATTRESSES. luxurioua
and durable, BOOK-CASES, MIR-
RORS, SPRING BEDS, WHAT
NOTS, FOLDING CHAIRS,
&0fj &Cf &Ca
We have added to our former Ware Rooms the
rooms No M Main street, which gives us in-
created facilities for doing business. Give us a
call. No trouble to show goods.
D. W. MEAD.
GEO. W. PAYNE.
ltfS
The Painesvilie Journal,
U X.1TE FEWPArEB
FOR LIVE PEOPLE
DEVOTED TO
LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AGRICUL
TURAL. INTERESTS, AND
TO GENERAL AND
LOCAL NEWS.
Published Every Saturday
AT 114 8TOCKWELL BLOCK,
Only Two Dollars a Year
The JOURNAL hu th
LARGEST Z.IST OW COXTRIBUTOlia
of any paper ever Before published in this sec
tion, and will present each week a
large number of articles from
Eminent Writers!
In principles both Religious and Polltioal
the JOURNAL is
pre!
IRE
ITS COLUMNS A
OPE1T TO -A-XjXj
The .Tofbnal will reach all Its subseribers at
latest by
Saturday Afternoon,
and will contain
MORE OEIGIXAL CONTRIBUTIONS,
FULLER POLITICAL ITEMS,
MORE READING MATTER,
MORE FOREIGN NEWS,
BETTER STORIES,
LATER NEWS,
and more comprehensive
Reports of tlie Markets
and all subjects of
1STEREST IX GENERAL
than any purer ever beibre published in Lake
County, and at
LOW .A. PRICE
us any other paper (if the same amount of
rending matter. The JorRXAi. is
The Largest Paper
ever published in the ("ountv, ansl It will be the
aim vf its proprietors to make it
The Best as Well
If you have not spread? subscrltk d, now le th
Uiuc w iW so.
p 4 JTJV" JrTJ0Tj TJ
j
J(JultjSJLJb
0
Reasons why the Journal
Has Met with Such
Success.,
First. Because it is the lnrecst piper eve
published in this county, and bec.iu?e it fur
nishc-s each v.-eek nearly tlsree roliimos
more rrautmgr man t tne oitsor pa- j
pers comuiiira.
Second. Because it lias a Inrercr list cl j
contributors than any oilier paper in i
Northern Ohio.
Third. Becauso if 7s In every sense 'of ttio"f
word, "a live paper,"' "for live people."
Fourth. Because it i, In the broadest ese,
lair auu imn:pcimcTii. upon an suo.ier, wtieTll
er Social, Religious or Political.
Fif th.--BeratnciH Srtirles lire all t the "pBinr. i
aud its columns are not filled with long and
prosy essays devoid of all interest.
Sixth. Recause it guthcra .the news from all
quarters of the -world, by telegraph and
through its own special corrcsponlenu and re
porters, aud condenses it into suo'i .brief shapo
as to present a reliable mirror of all that Is go
lug on in this and other couutries.
Seventh. Because in Market ileports of
Stock:, grain, groceries ami agricultural pro
ducts, of home and foreign markets are always
reliable.
Eighth. Because it Is a paper for the Home
Circle always having something for theroung
folks, as well as for the old folks t something
for the humorous as well as for the thoughtful;
something for tlie gentlemen as well as for tho
ladies; in fact, something lor all tastes.
The Joms al presents the greatest number of
regular and carefully edited departments of any
paper published in this section.
The Literary- Department
Will always bo found filled with choice and
varied reading, either written expressly for the
Journal by the best authors of the laud, or
carefully selected from the ablest home and for
eign publications. The serials are exciting,
and free from any of the objectionable features
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essays
upon Religious, Social or Political topics aroable.
fair and liberal its numerous columu .quaint,
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected,
pure, chaste and of the highest order.
The Children Column.. -Has
already ocquired -n reputation which was
well expressed by oue of the lady' subscribers
who said "That one column alone was well
worth tlie whole price- of subscription. Its
stories' are pretty and' inculcate he highest
morality."
The Religious TVews
is culled from the religious publications of the
whole world, and presents a brief but coin pre-
bensive view of all that occurs of interest during
each week, together with such other itoius of
general religious information- as are of interest
to all.
The Agricultural Column
Is carfnlly edited with a desire to always pres
ent reasonable suggestions and hints that will
benefit tlie Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricultur.il interests.
The Column of Practical Oints
Is prepared with the greatest care, and will be
found to contain much information that will
be of use in f,ho -family and in the workshop.
No reeeipts are presented without first having
been practically- to-stod, and hence may be re
lied upon.
The Editorials-
Will always be fair and impart ial,nnd as able as
the abilities of the editor will enable them to be.
The News of the Week
Is a department which is alone worth the full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
latest and most reliable news of tho whole week,
collected from every part of the world. It is
carefully prepared and arranged in States and
Countries. The entire civilised world is repres
ented in the column devoted to this department,
and no other paper here presents in its entire
contents so great an amount of reliable informa
tion in regard to the doings every where a9 is
found in this one department alone.
The Markets
In all the principal cities from which produce is
received or to which it is sent, are given up to the
latest hour of going to press and are always re
liable and correct,
The Local News
From all parts of the County is full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal are able, and spare nobborin col
lecting items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire
The Columns of t he Journal
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic
of public interest wnlch contains no element of
personalities, and, althouzh the editor will not
hold himself responsible for the views and opin
ions that may be advanced, yet the contributors
are at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their positions.
The Journal
In short is a papor wherein Freedom of Speech,
Energy In Collecting News, firmness In Discus
sion and the broadest Liberality in all things will
always be found..
0
FORT NOTHING.
Notwithstanding tlie large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upon tne Sub
scription Book of the Journal, it is hoped that
the next thirty days will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-live hundred
subscribers by the first of .January arc the least
that are expected, and in order to secure them,
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
Lists ever offered by any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves oL
To every new yearly subscriber, on and
after this date, will be presented a beautiful
Steel Plate Engraving,
SIZE 1SX21.
The retail price of which is everywhere not
less than SJ.OO. ,g3r
Remember, This is not a premium offered,
in case you secure one or maro new subscribers
aside from vour own. but is a magnificent nres-
ent made to cash and every person who shall
subscribe to the Journal for ono vc.tr. The
picture itself cannot be bou;ht for less moncy
than both picture and paper are furnrshed for in
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
want of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscription is made tho sub
scribers can takethelr choice.
0
S70-00
SEWING MACHINE
Great Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of The
Painesvilie Journal
Wanting a Per
fect Sewing
Machine.
The celebrated Elias Howe Sewing Machine is
known the world over as stuuding among the
few leading machiues that may be called per
fect. There aro so many good Sewing Machines
made now-a-days. that is has been a ditlicuit
matter to say which is the best. Hut we have
selected the celebrated I towe Sowing Machine
tooflorasa premium, because wo coupler it,
beyond a doubt, rtmal to tho vkry nr.-T, if not
superior to any Sewing Machine Made. The
reputation of this mnchimi for simplicity, dura
bilitv, rapidity of action, and having the best of
stitches, ranks with tho vcrv best. This ma
chine, with waluut table, cover, ami the modern
improvements sells at Skvestv Ooi.l.vrs.
Vc willlpresent sm-hja machine to any person
who wiil send us the names of One lluutlrctl
and Tweuty-FIve new subscribers, which,
at our usual rates, -j.w each, is $-3ort.
Wo simply want tho names with tho money
of one huHdrtd tit rjvy.rfiv riOH who do
not take our paper, and who really subscribe for
It; they nay be sent one at a time, or all togeth
er, they may be at ono post -oilice, or more than
one we aro only particular that they shall 1e
iMtta-ftee n5--V..-rf. tin this liberal oiler
we shall expect to send ono of these indespensa
hlo household articles into almost every tou u
ship in this county.
Persons intending to take advantage of this of
fer, and sending the subscribers names as they
obtain them, will please st::to iu each instance
taat they are sent ou this account.
All subscriptions sent under this ofTer must
begin with tho number of the paper next Amu
TIIK RECKIPT OF THE MOSEY.
lteuilttauces must be maid by post-oiuce
money-order, bank check, or express paid.)
Xtgrln order to present every possible in
ducement to those desiring. to work for this
prasiuiu. we Klii add to tbt aktvc sfi'w, whHk
The
'n nclf tmi-aralolled. the following:
"ncl one romoiny tlie club we
will pros, I a copy of one ot the
Kti cl Plate Eugratiaii, which aell
ai f 'i.GOainrtf. So that iu presenting this
premium, our ofl'er stands as follows to any per
sea proruriup us the nnraes (aud niouey) for one
hundred and ttrenty-ilvo yearly rubturihert to
the Jornx al, wo will present a Seventy Dollar
Eiia.- Howe Sen-iiiff Mueliine, aud at the same
time will give to caoli of the person-; bolon?ing
to the rich, a beautiful cnRraviufc, tho price of
wliii-h would lie .JiT THE ISA MK as the oriiri.
4 n il subscription irit-f to the paper, namely Two
xiollars.
$60.00
Serving Machine
GIVEN AWAY.
Another splendid chance to anv one riecirlnv
10 ootain a genuine
Elias-Howe Sewing Ma
chine! For Nothing!
To any person getting up a clubof one hun
Ae-A yearly subscribers, and forwarding
the price of subscription SUU, we will present
one of tlie tnsllv celebrated Kiln, nn ..in
Machines which sell at SGd-OO, and to each OP
the persons composing: the club we will
present a splcnditl steel-plate enjrsT- -ins
which retails nt 3.O0. The only
difference between this club and the proceeding
one is inthe valac of the machine, and conse
quently in the number of subscribers required.
i The machine for $05.00 is the same as that for
6 .u.iw except that one Is provided with a cover
and the other is not. Ia every other particular
the two are identical.
Other Splendid Premiums.
"WATCHES of the World-
Renowned American
Wnteh Company's
Make Given
2JHW SUBSCRIBERS
Tt THE
Painesvilie Journal,
As Follows:
To any person procuring f if tr new rear
ly subscribers to the Journal, will be pre
sented one of the American Company's
Sterling- Silver, llnnting Case, Gen
tlemen's IVatches. These watches are
..furnbhed with solid silver caps, aud will be
-warranted as genuine American works, and sol
id Sterling Silver Case. The regular price
for the watches is fclO.OO. As in all other
elubs, so in this we will in order to enable those
getting tip the lists to offer every inducement
also give to each one of the fifty persons compos
ing the club, one of the large Steel Plate En-
6iuuiiii?t.A.T(niiitji ruiau at W.UU,JUSIIUB
subscript ion price of the paper itself.
To any person procuring forty new year
ly subscribers to the Journal, we will pre
sent a watch precisely similar to the above in ev
ery respect, except the weight of the cases, and
which retails at 1 30.00, and as before an en
frrni' in gr to each of the forty subscri
bers. OTHERFREMITJMS
EOR
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works
BY THE
BEST AUTHORS.
For. Thirty new subscribers will bo given a
splendid copy of Webster's Unabridged
Dictionary, which sells at S12.SO, and to
each of tho thirty members of the club
one of the SS.OO Enraviiifrs.
Or for thirty new Subscribers will be
given a full bound set of Dicttcn's Works,
which retail at 80.OO, and a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Girls Magazine, the sub
scription price of which is S3.00, while an en
graving valued at $2.00 will be given to each
of the club.
For twenty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two of the following
niimed magazines or papers: t'assell's Magazine
(monthly parts, reprint), price 3.50 per annum;
Hearth and Homo, weekly, price 2.00 per an
num; Home Journal, weekly, S. 00 pea annum;
Xew York Ledger, weekly, price 8.00 peran
The Rural New Yorker, weekly, 8.00 per an
num.; Godey's Lady's Hook, monthly, price 8.00
per annum, and each of the twenty in the
club will also be presented with a magnifi
cent steel plute engraving valued at
?.CO
For ten subscribers, a years subscription
to any one cf the magazines or papers named
above, will be given to the getter up of the club
and an Engraving to each member of the club.
For Five subscribers an engraviug
as above and the Journal for one year
will be scut to the getter up of the club, and au
engraving locnch oneof theolber five
composing the club.
READ THIS.
As a great many persons desire to secure
one or more magazines and papers at the same
time, arrangements have been made, by which
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
the other publications of tho day, on terms so
favorable, as to afford an opportunity, but sel
dom met with, to secure them.
MONTHLIES.
The Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary magazine of the country.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy and readable.
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented and liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piquant and interesting.
Scribner's Monthly,
Earnest, capable and unbiased.
Zippincott's Magazine,
Ever filled with varied and rare gems. Price
of the above magazines. Four Dollars each.
Any one of the above magazines will be sent for
one year together with the Journal, price
TwO Dollars, and an engraving- also
worth Two Dollars, to any person who will
forward l ive Dollars; or we will send any
one of the magazines for one year and the
enirra viiiir to any one who wilt send ns
twelve new subscribers to the Jour
nal, together with the money.
We will laso send the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars ono splendid Steel
Plate Enairnving worth Two Dollars
together ith:
Iilackwood's (KeprinO, price
Frank Leslie's Ladle's Macs-
z.ine, price
American Law Register, price
Lads ltcpository, price
Our Young Folk's; price
Peterson's Magazine, price
4.00 Tor 8..
3.50 for 5..
MX! for 6.5ft
3.50 for o.no.
S.H0 for 3.75.
2.00 for 8.50.
WEEKLIES.
We will send tho Jonrnal--suhscription
price Two Doltasw an Fnitras ilia-
worth Two Dollars together with:
The American Citizen, price SS.00, for
Appleton "s Journal, price 4.0-1. for
The Clipper, (sporting1 price 5.00 for
Frank Leslie's Illustrated
Newspaper, price 4.0.1 for
Frank Lev lie's hiinney
C'oruer, price 4.110 for
8.W.
5.50.
Frank Leslie's Boy's and (iul's
Weekly, price S.M for S.1S.
Harper's llasaar. price 4.W) for 5.7a.
Harper's Weekly, price 4.O1" for 3 75.
New York Ledger, price a Oil for 4.2."-.
Fi-otestant Churchman, price 4.U) for 4.w.
Scientlilo American, price :i.t) for 4.W.
New York Weekly Times, price.txi for 3.M.
New York W'klv Trihuncpricev.OO for 3 '.'.V
New York Weekly, price 8.00 for 4.40
Every Haturday. price ".tHl for S.S0.
Toledo blade, price v.OU lor S..V
QUARTERLIES.
Wo will send the Journal subscription
price T o Dollars au r.ngrn vlll, &c.
t-jgeihcr with:
Edinburgh Itevivw. (Kepriat) price 4.00 forS.Ot'.
Liuulou Quarterly lleview, price 4.0sfor5 00,
North UmMl Review, price 4.03 for 5.00
Westminister Keview, price 4.00 for WW.
FOREIGN WEEKLIES.
We scud tho Journal subscription
price TwoWoilniS aas:n(travins; worth
Two Dollars togi t'.ier with:
Atheu.euui, price 0.00 for 10 00,
Bolls Life, price lO.KOfor 10 W.
Spectator, price 19.00 for 14.00.
Art Journal (mouthly) price 13.00 lor 14.00.
Any .other uubucation iu Europe or America
fsiheii at like rcatouu&le rate,.