m jy
THE LEAVENWORTH WEI
TTESlSr LEAVENWORTH, KANSAS, THURSDAY, NOVEMBI
TIMES.
-t ijE
i -A-4"
'M.
s
r
Stfw-i
a. M.S: ss.
n
irvW
r.
u
I
IK
I'T-
iiolrtklij gimts
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 9. J 871.
THE BEHCET.
The Republican of tie County of Leav
en worth may congratulate themselves upon
the election o llie whole ticket by majorities
ranging from one hundred to five hundred.
Six of the Members of the Legislature are
elected, and fire if not six out of the seven
County Commissioners are surely elected.
If this proves true, it is glory enough fcr
a. We wanted a clean sweep. There was
too much scratching more than there ought
to be, and more than we hope will be done
hcieafler. We hold that when a ticket is
nominated of good, true Jlepubliauu, that it
la the duty of party men to stand by that
ticket.
We bone that thecomim? two Tears will
witness a more economicol administration of
our county afiaira than the fast two years,
orthe pest six years.
Republicans one and all rejoice.
THE rBAUD.
Yesterday's Times made mention of the
fact that the County Committee was under
the control of CoL Jennison. Indeed, they
aare been intimidated by him from the Grot,
or for some cause, hare allowed him to run
the machine. The result was that every
thing was made to bend to the interests of
Jennison.
The tickets for the city were ordered
printed at the ofDce of a Democrat. On
Monday night copies of that ticket were put
in circulation, with Leonard for Sheriff, Mc
Gonigle and McHale for Commissioner. We
saw these tickets Monday night, and so told
two members of the Committee, and re
quested them to order a new form of tickets,
that Jennison and other Democrats could
not copy.
They did not acL
They came ou in a flaming card, signed
by Spry mad Robinson, stating that some one
was circulating tickets with A. II. Jennison
nndC R. Jenkins for Senator, and cau
tioning the public against the pretended
fraud, when in fact no such fraud was in
tended or thought of.
This Committee well knew that Jennison
would receire a large Democratic vote, but
otwithstangidg this every effort must be
made to elect this one man to the sacrifice of
the balance of the ticket.
The public meeting held by them were
held for the sole benefit of Jennison and the
public so understood the matter.
We think their conduct was that of men
who did not know their duty, or eLe of men
who prostituted the power entrusted to tliem
Jor the benefit of one candidate nf doubtful
Republicanism on the ticket to the injury of
the balance of the ticket. Their action in
reference to the Monday night meeting was
cowardly in the extreme.
THE EA (EST ELECTION HEWN.
The latest news this morning is unfavora
ble to Mr. Bond. We fear that he may be
beaten by a small majority, say 25 or 50
This is indeed bad news, as Bond is a good,
whole-souled man and a true Republican.
The only crime he was guilty of was poverty!
Honey against him was loured out like
water. Elected or beaten, the people will
stand by Bond now and in the future.
It also looks as if Winter and Marvin, in
the Twenty-second District were beaten
HEW I8IK KLt tTioar.
The news from New York is glorious.
Fifty thousand majority rebuke the Tweed,
Hall and Connolly corruptionists. May
sot the people now hoje that the good work
so well begun will be carried on until public
thieves and plunderers everywhere will be
crashed out and honestmen placed in power
Jk Welsif Trlnmph Eorope from
usual II Woman aural Iter
Children.
Nearly four weeks ago an intelligent Eng
lish lady arrived in tlii city from Sacra
mento, where ahe hail resided for two or
three years. Her story U simple, but it tells
the depth and silent power of maternal lave.
Once a happy and contented girl in her na
tive home a town of "Merrie England,'-'
our true heroine dwelt. In that British
town the priest of Mormouism appeared.
Many were they who listened, and a few
followed after him to share the promises of
the Western Israel, Of these infatuated per
sons one was that angel of the household,
the young girl here mentioned. Our young
con vert joined the caravan with her fellow
proselytes for the weary journey. She had
become a Mormon in all the strength of her
soul, and believed in the new dispensation.
On the way to America the same false
preacher ws with them from Liverpool to
Salt Lake, and on the way he married her,
and a true and honorable wife she became to
him. But the latter, the husband,
tiring of the gentle helpmate,
must needs obey the great com
mandment polygamy. Another wife, and
then a third in quick succession; but at this
the only one entitled to that sacred title re
belled, and was driven out to occupy a sepa
rate hut. She had two children, and ask
ing for these as her portion, promised to
leave the place forever. Did she get her lit
tle ones? Oh, no. But from that wicked
place and the treacherous husband she went
to California. During these last four weeks
the mother made hasiy visits to her neglect
ed children, and craved them over and over
again. In this she as often failed. Then the
ourta were appealed to with partial success.
The adulterer is indicted for his crimes, and
sow awaits trial and certain punishment.
Without money, now Mrs. Ofleld sees the
chance of obtaining her two boys growing
less every day, and she must return home to
ber house in Sacramento. Not, however,
without one more effort, and so yesterday
lUa persevering woman went afoot to Brig
haa City, silently crept through the streets,
aager, anxious, now fuil of hojie, now sicken
ins; in despair, lest detection overthrow the
work she had to do. She found her boys
atlinp. sad waking them, it was but another
saomect until this strangely united
asaily were away on the solitude hurrying
from the dark places they shall never know
again. That journey hither to Corinne was
a light to be remembered. Here again, in
addend of night, not waiting tor repose,
mother and children left on a western
freight train for California that State whose
laws are adequate to shelter the weak, and
whose people will not neglect those needy
bat honest fugitives from Mormonism.
When the news got abroad that Mrs.
Oneld has stolen her children, great was the
anger and excitement in Brigham City. Out
on the kaes and roads went armed Danites;
they searched in every direction, but they
were too late. The birds had flown to safety.
To-day, a woman accused of complicity in
the case, was driven out of the town, not to
loader pamof death. This is Mrs.
B, woo in now in uus cuy. uprtnnc
r,Oct21.
Isaknost universally meeting with dis
favor. Rtolid prejudice combined with a
sake to foster heme companies outside of
tlM State, characterised the making of the
law. The rank is that companies have been
iarsned wkhja the State and who are doimg
a famishing business to-day, that have
scarcely capital sufficient to run a respectable
hotel. These are euphoniously dubbed
"Home Companies" and are expected to
Met with public fitvor because ther are
esse oaatpaaies and for no oilier reason
Oa other hand Corporations like the
letaoM ''Hartford" of Connecticut, with
of money ana a soccessnu experi
tenduwover half a century are
I from doing baiiacss in Kansas. We
t to see Uus uncalled for and oppressive
iwpealed at aa early day. -Jadwn
JVers.
The Democrats, by trading
everything oe
aaraeaof the
1hwir ticket, and the great
to trade, ia
toaaveJeasi-
Jf.


Vr&TjZj&hf&ssg
-T jemx


JAKE BLUBSOE, BF MAI CHEZ.
Sum feller' s wrote a pome
Moat Bludao; they call him Jim.
I know'd to my cost the Prane fell,
Afad a heap too much about him.
"He nerer flanked and he never litd,"
&e the pote, so pert and tliclc
Bat the way that feller lird to me
Would a made Anaui ras tick.
He swore that he loTed me fair and true
O Lord, bow that chap did aware!
Then he tuck the money I'd aared for yearr.
And went off to Pikeon a tare.
Ha Tow'd that he'd never seed
Any other gal he cud like.
And all the time he'd beea married years
Totnat critter up in Tike.
He never flunked oh no, not him'
You ortcr have iwl u met.
When I caught him in Hke with hii otLer wlf
There wo fluukin' then, you txt.
And he never to engineer
A deck-hand, and nothing more:
And neer went upon the I'rarie Uelle
liut wxi firtt loacurUealiore
lie got up that yarn a purpus
To foil t!- folks about;
Hut I've followed hi m up, you lett-r Wieve,
XMrminrd to Cud him out.
Till I lraV-.l hiri here to York.
He look'-d lik- a lump of whitin'.
When I caught Mm, as airy as ever you plc-a.
In lite Trtliute otns ritiu'
KilAM. UKLLtW.
ITEMN.
Rochefort is going to write a history of
Napoleon III.
Mrs. Stowe will make $13,000 outofher
Florida orange grove.
Franz Abt, the composer, U exiiccted to
arrive in New York next spring.
A new book from Miss Muloch "Han
nah" is announced in London.
The Los Angelos (Cal.) cemetery has
been opened for target practice.
The persecuted monastics of Rome are
now moan-astics.
It is not true of trouble and some other
things, that "the more you have, the more
you want."
When a Californian has a hundred thou
sand or so invented in a good mine, he rests
on his ores.
The steamer Hansa, which sailed from
New York yesterday, took out $37,500 in
specie.
The Greek Catholics of Russia allow no
priest to rform any spiritual function until
he has a wife.
M'He Schneider is to perform at the
Palais Royal, the scene of her former suc
cesses, in "Les Diahles Roses."
George Sand is said to be occupied in
writing the "Literary History of I ranee"
during the revolution of 1789.
Joseph F.Joy, of New York, has been
elected President of the Panama railroad,
vice Daniel Hoadly, resigned.
The Government will continue the pros
editions in Utah, and, if necessary, additional
troops will be sent to that Territory.
One of the northwesterly towns of Maine
has twelve inches of snow, and sleigh-rides
and that sort of things are all the rage.
Tnc Oorwich liulldin thinks that the
chief advantage of roasting chestnuts is the
ric'i and gamey flavor it gives the worm.
A hicoiimtheat Da-vson, Ga., recently
grazed a woman and took her ear off, which
wo the first she heard of its approach.
It would seem as if some of the small
minded, accident-inviting directors of certain
railways, would be just the men to manage
the narrow gauge.
A city man, who knows all about farm
ing, says the best way to raiie strawberries is
with a spoon.
Appletons' American Cyclopedia U to
be be condensed and abriged into a single
volume of the dimensions of Webster's un
abriged. The receipts of internal revenue yester
day amounted to over $593,000. This was
considered o good amount for ne day a year
ago.
The Cincinnati insurance companies
lose in the aggregate $s,500,000 by the
Chicago fire, and all propose to pay in full.
This is creditable to Cincinnati.
A sententious, reticent thinker says he
vever argues on religious subjects, that
seeming to him too much like two fleas try
ing to tickle an elephant's ear.
The attention ol bachelor U is invited
to a Greek colonv between the iienen-ul i of
Act and the mom land, where for 700 cati
no woman hai been allowed to roiue.
Nearly all the available hidgings in
Rome, for the coming winter are already se
cured for families hailing from the United
States.
Mr. Egan, of Wioonin, thought he
would feel a circular saw to see if it a
going. He i now learning to write with hi
left hand.
Colonel Che-iii v is about the ino-t mc
cessfiil author of the day. The seventh j
hundred thousand ot lusiiattleol Dorking is
now filling in England.
A dispatch from Austin, Texas, sajs the
certificate of election has been withheld from
Clark. It is understood the whole matter
will be referred to Washington.
In the litany of the expurgated prajer
book used by the congregation of Mr. Voy
sey, in London, occurs a petition "For all
literary persons and editors of the public
press."
The decision of the U. S. Supreme Court
on the legal tender question will lie an
nounced alout the last week in the present
session, which will expire in December.
Mr. Frank Soule is about to assume the
editorial management of the Overland
Monthly. Mr. Soule is a pioneer journalist
of the Pacific Coast, who has contributed
extensively to the literature of California.
The Mayor of Belleville, Illinois, has
been called upon to resign the position be
cause of "his brutal and inhuman refusal to
call a pnblic meeting or to take any officii 1
action for the relief of the suffering people of
Chicago."
The "sun spot" man of theChicago Tri
bune lost his reckoning of the Encke's comet
by the recent tire, and now the ill-mannered
comet has gone off to Davenport, to be dis
covered. This is the saddest result of the
disaster yet recorded.
A carpenter being asked for a riddle,
propounded the following: "I picked it
up; I couldn't find it; I wanted to get rid of
it, but put it down and went along with it."
It was a sliver in his foot.
People who attend the ball in honor of
Alexis must pay th- piper. It is given rut
thot boxes in the Acadimy of Music will be
let at the following rates: Grand tier, $30;
upper tier, 30, the large proscenium box1,
$100; smaller proscenium boxes, $75.
A Newark paper says: "Colonel Peek
well said in the Convention this afternoon,
tt-at be didn't expect the nomination. Yet
within a half an hour after that event a ban
ner was stretched across Broad street with
his name on it, and the paint was dry.
"Miss, will you take mf arm?" said
an old bachelor. "La yes, and you too,"
said the young lady. "Can only spare the
arm, miss," hastily replied the old bachelor.
'Then, said the miss, "I can't take, it, as
my motto is to go the whole hog or none
at all.
Grace Greenwood, remarking on the fact
that in some families Mormon wivet are
sisters, yet live harmoniously, savs: "The
very nature ofwomen seems to be changed in
Salt Lake. If Utah women could only be
restored to their right mind, they would
make short work of polygamy."
A young lady sitting at a front window
in Danbury, Mum, tossing in ber hand
what might have been a ball of white yam,
attracted the attention of a middle-aged man
on the street, whose gallantry prompted him
to hold up his hands for a catch. She accom
modated him. The article proved .to be an
egg, and alighted Oh his nose; but it is not
to be supposed that the lady knew it was a
bad one.
It is rumored that an extensive defalca
tion has been discovered in the accounts of
a certain Government agent at Philadelphia,
and that the matter is now being in vesligitcd
by the Government. Treasurer Stunner
states that fin the 14th instant' the agent hai'
on deposit over $110,000.
Bayard Taylor, who says that be has
frequently experienced earthquake shocks in
other countries, avers that in no instance
were they accompanied with such a loud and
long-continued reverberation as the shock
last week in Delaware and the adjacent
counties of Maryland.
The Philadelphia Inourtr exhorts the
dtisens of PhiUaVlBhia to every possible
precaution w regard, to the prevsieace of
that temefcdia.ni ssaaB-aox. 8eveaty-
11swwai-Mw- asisk, V)
III IT
i jni5rf;K?i?:.issa
an efficacious method in its general applica
ton, is recommended to all who have
neglected it.
The Baltimore Saturday SigfU rebukes
the fools in that city who still vituperate
against "Yankees," and says the place will
become a provincial town unless the spirit is
extinguished. Capital will not go there to
be sneered at.
Mr. Bigelow Taylor Montgomery,
whose infamous life was unknown to Walter
Montgomtry, who married her for her
charms, and shot himelf when he learned
his self deception, has returned to New York,
and is living with her husband, A. W. Tay
lor. The Chicago Pod says: About two
thirds of the scallawags arrested all over the
country just now are "Chicago sufferers."
Whenever a rascal announces himself a
"Jhirog.i sufferer" it will be well for the
police to get a map of the burnt district and
ndk him to mint where he lived.
The latest wrinkle at fashionable wed
dings U for a black inge, in livery, to walk
into church, befoae the bride and groom,
carrying a small white satin cushion, on
uhicli lsembroidsreil a monogram in gilt
letters, which he places in front of the altar
for the couple to kneel on, and carries it out
again at the cloc of the ceremony. What
next?
A doctor has dicovered arsenic in the
tea of Mrs. Somer", of Massachusetts, and
Mrsi Somers has liecn sent to the local hos
tile. As several of Mrs. S.'s previous hus
bands mysteriously disappeared, it is feared
that she is a modern Borgia. The suspicion
i i-trenglhened by the fact that Jlrs. fc. xe
i.ilorred her arsenic with the family carving
knife.
One of our vicinity deacons nearly cap
tured five boys who had been devastating
his chestnut trees, Sunday afternoon. Shak
ing his fitt at their retreating forms he
angrily shouted: "The sneakish little devil!
if I had hold of 'em one minute, IM
and then suddenly espying his pastor on the
scene, he impressively added, ''I'd pray for
them."
According to a Limerick payer, the sea
Ferpent has appeared to the bathers at the
Irish watering place of Kilkee. It raised its
head out of the water as usual, and looked
blandlyat the ladies, who nearly fainted. It
was probably a female sea-serpent, as it wore
a chignon of Vea-weed looking hair," that
rose and fell with the motion of the water.
Potter Palmer says that by the first of
Janu.iry, he intends to be getting 940,000 in
rents from tenants on the first floor of his
State Street Hotel, in Chicago. He will
work in full force during the winter on the
structure, and when he cannot hy mortar,
will lay cement By June of July next he
expects to have the fourth floor of the build
ing completed, and "as high up as that oc
cupied hy gneots."
Sacramento, Cal., has had a sensation
The Reporter of that city narrated that a
beautiful maiden, diessed in the height of
fashion, has been discovered camping in the
bush outside R, street, and subsisting on pea
nuts and potatoes. The policemen inimedi
otely armed themselves and went on a jour
ney of Investigation. They found the mno
oent young thing, but alas for the romance
of it! Mie was over 30 years old, so drunk
that she couldn't articulate, and as for her
dress, it was like that of the man who kissed
the maiden all forlorn. Such was the beau
ful unknown maiden of Sacramento.
An old lady read an item in one
of the papers the other day describing how
a grindstone burst in a saw lactory anil kill
ed four men. She jut happened to remem
ber that there was a small grindstone down
in her cellar leaning up against the wall. So
she went out and got an accident insurance
policy, and then, summoning the hired girl,
and holding the pie-board in front of her,
M that if the th n exploded her face would
not he injured, she had the stone taken out
in the alley, where twenty-four buckets of
water were thrown on it, and a placard was
placed on it bearing the warning, "Danger
ous." A correspondent of the Hun shies a joke
at Mr. Ashbury, which that gentleman should
by this time be able to appreciate. Tiie wri
ter say: "A cup that was attached to one of
the drinking fountains at the iiattery was
found to be missing this morning. 1 don't
say Ashbury has it; but would it not he well
to t.ike these cups in at night, Iet the tempt
ation lie too great for him to resist?" Upon
the theory that it is never right to tempt a
mill on Ins weak side, the t-uggestion of the
6u writer may lie worthy of adoption
Calamity lus followed calamity, each
after its kind, with remarkable precision.
Not long ago railroad disasters set in and
la-ted forborne time. Then boiler explosions
h ul their day throughout the land, and non
e read of rothingbut fires in the wood, in
prairie)., and in cities; and presently tiny
have already becun we shall hear accounts
J of earthquakes all over the habitable and tin-
lnliitiiuinse giooe. men, ii we are very un
luel.y, we shall heir of some elections car
r;Mj",y the Democrat, and after that what?
Wendell Philliiis talks thus to the
bibulous liostonians: "If there isn't siatc
manahip and law and morality and Christian
ity enough to cure the drinking habits of our
great cities, the Republic is just as much
tatid to go down as the Roman Republic w&;
and your children will live to see the soldier
on horseback, or the aristocracy, fortified in
wealth, who will take possession of the Gov
ernment. Every great city in the United
State is ruled by a mob. Applause. And
tlitre in't a mayor,from the city of Boston to
San Francisco, due we-t, who was notjclected
by the grog sIioin of his own city not one."
The comment of a colored preacher on
the text "I is more blessed to give than to
receive," is inimitable for its point as well as
eloquence: "I've known many a chinch to
die cause it didn't give enough, but I never
knowed a church to die 'caue it gave too
much. Dey don't die dat way. llredren,
has any of you ever knowed church to die
'cau-e it gave too much? If you do, just let
me know, and I'll make a pilgrimage to th it
church, and I'll climb by the soft liht of
de moon, up the ino-s covered roof, and I'll
stand dar, and lift up my hands to heaven,
and say, "Blessed arede dead dat die in de
Lord."
Seator Sumner's letter to the colored
people, read at the Columbia, (S. C) Con
vention, contains the following interesting
passage. "A hotel is a legal institution, and
so is a common school. As such, each niut
be for the equal benefit of all. How can
there be any exclusion from either on account
of color? Is it not enough to provide
separate accommodations for colored citizen
even if in all respects as good as those or
other persons equality is not found as an
equivalent, but only in equality. The right
to vote will have new security when your
equal right in public conveyances, hotels and
common schools is at last established. The
civil rights law needs a supplement to cover
such cases."
Justin McCarthy writes from London:
"the British rough has got it thoroughly
into his head that his wife is hi property to
beat and kick as he pleases, and unless he
actually and deliberately kills the woman,
having formally announced his intention be
forehand, he never sufferers more than a
few weeks' imprisonment. The beast would
be more severely punished if he were to break
a pane of glass in a shop windov. The j a
pers positively overflow with these crime
ust now. It is al most superfluous to single
out any articular case as an illustration, for
they are all the same. In no country save
England alone, do such things occur to
the same extent, and the fct.i a y.i
disgrace to our laws and our society."
AtMWi AtlterlislBB-.
You can't eat enough in a weeek to
last
you a year, and you can't advertise on
that
plan either.
People who advertise only one out of three
months forget that most folks cannot re
member anything longer than seven or
eight days.
No bell can ring so loudly as a good adver
tisement. People will believe what they see
rather than what they hear.
Quittinc advertising in dull times i like
earing cut a dam because the water U low.
Either pln will prevent good times from
ever coming.
An Indian once tried the softness of feath
ers bj placing one on a rock and sti etching
hiuisell on it. There are some who try the
virtues of advertising as of anything eise in
life, that if it is worth doing at all, it is
worth doing wel I.
Bread is the staff of human life, and ad
vertising is the staff of business.
A simple "card" may profitably stand for
years without changing, hut a sensation ad
vertisement should be changed as often as
you can get the printer to do it,
We don't recommend advertiseing as the
DeB.wayiogetagootlwiM,but we can
omssead it as the heatwayioget a i
good
traae.
fllllllllWrslllsltj Ma
.as
"VMS
aVv
-w

deaf, loud advertisements might lie expected
to win.
A heavy advertisement once is more than
nuadrunled in value bv a small card tinh-
U-h(d for a few months after giving your ad
ores.
Beware of long prosy advertisements.
ADVICE TO COteKCB VOTEK1.
Letler Fraoa Hen. Kwoaaer a Saath
Carolina! 'olored Cewvratlanu
Washictox, Oct. 25 The following
letter from Senator Sumner was read at the
contention of colored men at Columbia, S.
C, on Monday:
Bostos, Oct. 12, 1871.
Deak Sib: I am glad that our colored
fellow-citizens are to have a convention of
their own. So long as tney are excluded
from right, or suffer in any way on account
of color, they will natiually meet together
in order to find a remedy, and, since you
kindly invite me to communicate with the
convention, I make told to offer a few brief
suggestion:
In the first place you must at all times in
sist upon your rights (and here I mean not
only those already accorded, but others still
denied), afl of which are contained in equal
ity before the law. Wherever the law sup
plies a rule, there you must insist upon equal
rights. How much remains to be obtained,
you know too well in the experience of life.
Can a resiwctable colored citizen travel on
sleimhoats or railways, or public conveyan
ces generally without insult on account of
color? Let Lieut Gov. Dunn of Louisiana,
describu his journey from New Orleans to
Washington. Shut out from proper accom
modation in the cars, the doors of the Senate
Chamlxr opened t .dm and there he found
that equality whii.i a railroad conductor had
denied. Let our excellent friend Frederick
Dougla-s relate his niclancholly experience
when within sight of the Executive Mansion,
he was thrust hack from the dinner table
while his brother Commissioners were al
ready seated. You know the outrage.
I miht ask the same question with regard
to hotels and even comm.n schools. A hotel
is a legal institution, and so is a common
rcliool. As such, each must be for the equal
benefit of all. Now, .can there be any ex
clusion from either on account of color? It
is not enough to provide sejierate accommo
dations lor colored citizens, even if in all re
siiects as good as those of other iiersons.
Equality is no) found equivalent but only in
equality, in other words there must be no
di-erimination on account of color. The
discrimination is an insult and a hindrance
and a bar which not only destroys comfort
and prevents equality, but weakens all other
right.
The rif,ht to vote will have new security
when your equal right in public conveyances,
hotels and common schools is at last estab
lished; but here you must insi-t for yourselves
by speech, by petition, and by vote. Help
yourselves ami others will help you also.
The civil rights law needs a supplement to
cover such cae. This defect has been ap
parent from the beginuing, and for a long
time I have striven to remove it I have a
bill for this purpo-e now (lending in the
senate.
Will not my colored fellow-citizens see
that those in jower shall no longer postpone
this essential safeguard Surely here is an
object worthy of effort Nor has the Repub
lican party clone its work until this is estab
lished. Is it not better to establish all our
own people in the enjoyment of equal rights
before we seek to bring others within the
sphere of our institutions to be treated like
Frederick Douglass was on hi way to the
1'resiilent from San Domingo It is easy to
see mat a small part ot the mean, the energy
and the determined will.spenl in the expedi
tion to San Domingo, and in the prolonged
war dance about the island with menace to
the Black Kei ublicof Hayti, would have se
cured all our colored fellow-citizens in the
enjoyment of equal rights. Of this there can
be no doubt Among the cardinal ol jects in
education, which must be insisted upon, here
again must Inequality, side hy side with the
alphabet. It is in vain to teach equality if
you do not practice it.
It is vain to recite the great words of the
Declaration of Independence, if you do not
make them a living reality. What is lesson
without example As all are equal to the
ballot-box, so must all Le equal to the com
mon school in the preparation lor equality at
the ballot-box. Therefore, do I put this
among the cs-entiaLs to education.
In asserting your own rights you will not
failtcin-Ntiqion justice to all, under which
is necessarily included purity in the Govern
ment. Thieves and money-changers, wheth
er Democrat or Republican., iuut I driven
out of our temple. Tammany Hall and Re
publican self reekcrs must be overthrown.
There should be r.o place for either.
Thank God good men are now coming to
the rescue. Let them, while uniting against
corruption, insist upon equal rights for all,
and aIo the suppre-sion of lawless violence
wherever it shows itself, w 1 ether in the Ku
Klux Klan outraging the So Hh orilliceit un
dertaking outraging the Mack Republic of
Ifavti. To tlie-e inc-tir.nble ol jects add
sjiecie piyment, and jou will have a plai'
form which ought to be accepted by the
American jieople. Will not our colored fellow-citizens
It-gin till- good work? Let them
at the same time save themselves and save
the .country.
These are the only hints which I submit to
the Convention, hoping tliat its proceedings
will tend especially to the good of the colored
race. Accept my thanks and best wishes,
and believe me.
Faithfully yours,
(Signed) Ciiari.es Si'MNER.
-tiO.NK BUT AOT IOBUOTTEX."
An Ambition Yonth In a XcwwpKpor
unlet-.
The editor of the Colorado lleenld had oc
casion to leave town for three or four dajs,
and he committed his paper during his ab
sence to the chaige of a young man, a novice
in journalism, whome he had jut engaged as
an assistant Before leaving he instructed
the ambitious young editor not to permit any
chance to go unimproved, and to force the
paerand its very small subscription price
upon the attention of the public
"Always keep liefore your mind the fact
that the ol ject of this paper is to extend its
circulation," lie said "and whenever you see
a chance to insert a puff of the Herald in any
notice vou can make, pile in as thick as you
ean. Keep the people stirred up all the time,
you understand, "so that they will believe our
taper i the greatest sheet in the United
State."
The jiarting tear was shed, and the editor
left. The following night, when he was far
away from home, his wife died suddenly
Upon the assistant devolved the unpleasant
duty of announcing the sad intelligence to the
public He did it as follows:
'gone but not forgotten.'
"We are compelled this morning to per
form a duty which is peculiarly painful to
the able assistant editor, who has been en
gaged on thi paper at an enormous expense, I
in neuiruauix: .vim uur ueieruiinauon vj
make the Herald a first-class journal. Last
night death suddenly and unexpectedly
snitched away from her domestic hearth (tbe
best are advertised under the head- of Stoves
and Furnaces uiion our first page) Agatha
Burns, wife of Kufus P. Burn, the gen
tlemanly editor of the Herald. Terms, three
dollar per year, invariably in advance
A kind i-i j "md xemplary wife. Office
ovfri I in in r i;tvccry, up two flights of
stairs. Knock hard. "We shall miss tbee,
mother, we shall miss thee." Job printing
solicited. Funeral at half past-four, from
the house just across the street from the Her
'aid office. Gone to bean angel now. Ad
vertisements inserted for ten cents a square."
Well, the editor arrived at home that day
at noon. Slowly and sadly he was observed
to arm himself with a double-barreled fow
ling piece, into which be inserted two pounds
and a half of bullet. He marched over to
tbe office, followed by an immense crowd.
ThcNtsi!anl editor was busy at the time
painting a big placard to be tacked on the
hearse. It bore the legend: "Buy your
coffins at Simms', over the Herald office."
The assistant editor cast his eye around and
perceived his chief. Care was set upon that
wan cheek, and thunder clothed his brow.
He leveled his gun. Tbe assistant did not
wait With one wild and auful yell he
jumped from the second-story window, and
struck out for the golden shores of the Pacific
But their is only one editor now, and tbe
clerk in the office has standing orders to
blowout the brains of any nun who brings
an obituary notice to that paper.
arjlaaal.
BaltehOKE, Nov. 7. Tbe Repoblkaas
will, undoubtedly, hare several MetaUri in
theSeaate,and probably esK-faarth of the
HOMSt talts. lhey naa not that
asaeewsaravraacho4-thlaat Laah
awjawesBta sjaiam. tttt, alttthaxsi
snwwnww"'' winwr--a: r-rr- i i awanaaxaan annnaBBrna&BBaawaaismnnniaa.niaaa aaaanav anaabBaaanaaaaaaaannrJv aak v
w i.- .u. a i i i w -wt-z. -rz.
''-:iig'gl',S .i:7fe33?-svvwr f--vv.-.S.-r fZ-jS .'d ,-iif.f H. 6 ;-Vrvf? 4i.f TlAAfvrj3v.'JI-A. 3"iac.iy-..K "Tc5i. tr lVs.' fc-." 1 Z; f.
h VB M T .T-.-. ?C4UTliir rLAi Jt -IiT-ii.-rv..-5i,rT.'i.. i"Ci.4-fi3Jft.ieBL-" .-Wv-fS" J 'J; v.-t.'Tii V- X v--5 Mt.J-Sai13-i?v- Vi AtW-H.ri.i4r -tT' J ,vm t "S.-SC
i an. j'-vv. r.r rw3 -svj jj- .jrj.-w.iLr ,r- sr iix. .w: m r. r.-" w rc' s. r- r s .jlv t, v- t- t .-i-.'TVij-ay a w j. t Tt j i.r. m a- j r
flnrei,w;Tfc?S
II M tail ul II -ji. --iwanwuarT.r'- -r,-r -;TT-BB-BBrHawnriraans i IT r Ti i i II iiyihlWM iat' w...t.- .-rJ -t- ---v .-riit-ii'h-i,
AalBtaiila-ArrMtrijaeKBt-Hlax
in
WASHDtGTOJt, Nov. 6. The President
appointed Wm. P. Smith and John W. Da
vis Commissioners from Maryland to the
Centennial Celebration of Independence.
Senator Scott received a letter from lork
ville, S. C, dated October 29, in which it
stated that Avery, Tomlinsoc and Bratton,
together with twenty or thirty others of the
Ku Klux, precipitately fled. About one
hundred and sixty delivered themselves up.
Evidence is very strong against them. There
is confirmation of a huge number of whip
pings and of banging Tomlinson, of which
Bntton was the leader. Avery was accesso
ry also to the murders of Brown, Let and
Romitteree, besides five other murders not
heretofore suspected. Thirty men concerned
in various murders are in jail, most of them
having fully confessed, and showed that all
murders were committed by order of Grand
Chief Avery.
There is reioicine among the people at the
relief which has been afforded them, and
the President s action is tnougnt to be vindi
cated by facts.
The U. S. Supreme Court to-day granted
leave to the State of Kentucky to ble a peti
tion for a mandamus to compel the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue warrants of $523,239,
amoant alleged due on account of war claims.
Superintendent Hoag reports that Big
Mouth, a famous Arapahoe, says he is con
vinced of the advantages his people have de
riued from the whites. He sees that the
whites will soon cover the whole land. If
the Indiaus do go in the white man's path,
they will be swept away. He is therefore
determined to learn to cultivate the soil.
Wllateases la the Ka-lilnx Case.
Washikqtok, Nov. 7. A letter from a
gentleman connected with the Sub-Ku-Klux
Committee, dated Livingston, La., Oct, 31,
says that up to this time one hundred and
eighty witnesses have been examined in this
county. He states that it is difficult to pro
cure deputies to serve subpoenas.
X l)ior.
WASHEiCTOJf, Nov. 7. There waa no
quorum of the Senate Finance Committee
and consequently the meeting fixed for
to-day did not take place. The balance of
the committee are expected in a few days.
The object of the meeting is the-consideration
and modification of Internal revenue and
tarill bills to be acted on at tbe next session.
Rear Admiral Aldews will leave here on
Friday with General Sherman, CoL Anden
rich and Lieut' Grant, for New York.
The Wabash will sail for Madrid Sat
urday. MEW YORK.
L'hararlaa- the Jmrr A M
lanatlaa fsveeretary Fish oil Warha
Ifrsieal Mewafaaayer Ofee Uattea.
New York, Nov. 6. Judge Bedford
this momimr. at the opening of court o'
General Sessions, charged the grand jury cs-
jiecially on excise, usury, oattery, election
law, repeaters and those violating the elec
tion laws, should be promptly punished.
A mandamus compelling Mayor Hall to
appoint a new Inspector of Elections was
vacated by Judge Barnard.
The Tribune reports the resignation of
Secretary Fish, and says editorially that the
country has been afflicted with rumors innu
merable concerning the resignation of Hon.
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State. This has
finally crystal ized into the statement which
we have to-day irom Washington in a shape
so authentic and trustworthy that we are
compelled to give it credence.
Pratt's Oil Works, at Hunter's Point
was burned yesterday. During the fire a
large tank of gasoline exploded, seriously
burning four firemen. The loss.was $20,000.
The office of the Hoboken Leader was
gutted this morning by unknown parties it
is believed ts have been done at the instance
of a rival Democratic faction.
Almost a Bis; Baal Vattlns; Mas-ced
mill Barnesl.
Ne-vYork, Nov. 6. On Saturday, a
clerk named Nevins attempted to take from
the Register's office about 260 deeds, mort
gages, Sue, involving 400 or 500 city lots,
but was prevented by a watchman. This
morning he was arrested, and committed in
default of $2,000.
Judge Gilbert to-day charged tbe Grand
Jury in regard to the election law for the
punishment of frauds.
One of the rumors concerning the frauds
is that Tammany ruffians intend to have
manv of the names on the registry lists voted
upon early in the day to the exclusion of
the legitimate voters, vv nere a man votes
on a false name there seems to be no remedy.
Reports were received to-day that the as
sassin of the Lord Cbiel Justice of India
ber has been hanged and his body burned.by
a number of natives of the lowest caste.
A number of prominent gentlemen, in
cluding Chas. O'Conor and Jno. E. Devlin,
sent a commmunicstion to the Emigration
Society, directing attention to the reports
that the emigrants now on Ward's Island
were falsely registered, and asking that they
be prevented from voting.
Arrested Bali-las; a Brail
New York, Nov. 6. This evening Al
derman Bernard O'Neill, of the Twenty-first
Ward, was arrested, and locked up in. the
Ludlow Street jail, charged by Patrick Con
nolly with having induced him to vote ille
gally at the last election.
K. E. Bernheim, alias Williams, alias
Watson, alias Cassidy, was arrested to-day,
on a charge ol raising a draft from $30
to $300, and obtaining the money on it from
Hows Marcy. Hebas operated in Wash
ington, and is said to have committed for
geries on Clark Co,, bankers.
Electlam Bay la Blew Tark.
NeWjYobk, Nov. 7, 3 p. m. The day
has been unusually pleasant, and very favor
able to the polling of a large vote. Large
crowds are assembled at the polls, but no
dissurbances have been reported. In the
down town wards the Tammany ruffians
were early at tbe polls, and numerous in
stances are reported wheie votes were cast
hy them in the names of other persons. The
legil voters were thus cheated out of their
votes. All sorts of rumors are in circulation
concerning negotiations between the mem
bers of the Tammany and anti-Tammany
parties. It is stated that some of the reform
candidates for the Legislature were thrown
off, and some of the regular city ticket, with
a view to securing Tammanv votes in their
behalf. A man who boasted of having voted
for Rossa was shockingly beaten, in the
Sixth Ward, under tbe eyes of the police, by
Tweed roughs. No arrests were made. One
repeater in the Ninth Waid and one ia'lkt
Twentieth, were arrested. In the Fifteenth
Ward Collector Coffee was detected stuffing
Tammany ballots into a box, and was very
promptly arrested. Another inspector was
appointed by the Mayor. In the Twenty-
nrst Ward sam i J. iiiaen,canuiuaic iur iuc
Assembly is far ahead of the Tammany can
didate in that ward. Three women offered
votes, but were refused. In Brooklyn the
vote is very heavy. No disturbance took
nlan over there. Ticket distributors, as a
general thing, seem to be well supplied with
money. Warrants out lor me arrest oi J im
Ewing, a notorious.rougb, charged with vio
lating the election laws. He is a candidate
for the Assembly. Alderman O'Neill was
arrested last night, charged with inducing
men to register falsely. He gave f2U,000
bail. Additional arrests for illegal voting
are reported. Members of the Committee of
Seventy think tbe Reform ticket will all be
elected. It is said that many distributors of
Reform tickets did not act in good faith, as
at may places none but Democratic tickets
could be obtained".
imtt r Flelsra-ateatsiMleaa I
A W
a ascr nwcwavryai
ullai.
Xrw Yoek. Nov. 7. Fields presented
himself to the Sheriff late last night, accom
panied by his bondsmen. To-morrow, how
ever, the form of arrest will he gone through
ith and bail lor 5iv,wv given.
Returns from a few scattering towns m the
interior indicate uniform Republican gains,
and that the Republicans carry the State by
a decisive majority.
A woman named Margaret Muller pre
sented herself at a polling booth on Green
wich street to-day. Abe inspectors took ber
vote and sne went on ber way rejoiciag, amid
tbe cheers of tha crowd.
In Sweeney's letter to Mayor HalL he
ptates that his resignation m in arrnnlaitrr
with his intention expressed some weeks ago,
hfrfi'iffmm public life at the teraunatioa
of this election. Hedidnotfaelatiaerty to
resim earlier becaraw his dary to party isa
priM hito coarinae his labor. -I have
explained to job, penoaaDr," ha says, "the
Hinaalwlaa. hava prossaaai aVa.aaiiam.
vaaff j
to the public. The position I have held on
the department of public park, -''houh
responsible in character, attended .th no
pecuniary compensation, has nevertheless
been exceedingly agreeable to me in the op
portunity it has afforded to advance impor
tant public improvementsjand.in tbe pleasant
omaai relations which 1 nave enjoyed. 1
sever my connection with the department
with regret 1 nave felt an ardent interest in
the improvement of the city parks, and I
desired to continue my co-operation in their
development under the new plana until com
pletion. They are now practically finished."
By requet his resignation was not made
public until to-day.
the Ballot Baa.
New York, Nov. 7. 1 J :30 a. m. In the
Eighth Election district the First Ward In
spector, Michael J. Cullen, was discovered
early this morning in tbe act of stuffing bal
lots into the ballot box. A citizen who saw
tbe proceeding called the attention of the
police, but the latter turned their backs pur
posely to shield the inspector from public
view. The citizens immediately made a
complaint to Judge Hogan, who promptly
issued a warrant for the arrest Cullen. Judge
Hogan shortly af-er ordered the arrest of
Election Insiector Bun, of the Seventh
District of the same Ward, c.'rcd with
throwing ballots on tbe floor instead of put
them in the boxes.
The Kaasjha la Broahlysj.
New Yohk, Nov. 5. In the" Fifth Ward
of Brooklyn this afternoon a tarty of roughs
entered tbe liquor store of John Devlin and
commenced to hurl bottles in every direction.
The brothers Devlin, to defend themselves
fired two shots a: then di.irously wound
ingone of the r.umUt in .ne jaw.
BlltllBa- rp-Keaablleaa Galas.
New York, Nov.J7. The Seventh Ward
gives 4,029 majority for the Democratic
State ticket, nearly 4,000 for Ledwith and
nearly 5,000 for Shandley over Sigel for
Regi-ter; the First Ward 1.S40 majority for
the Democratic Stale ticket, 1,(MC for Led
with, and 1,290 for Shandley; Third Ward,
2G4 for the Democratic bUale ticket. IS."!
against Ledwith and 4 for Sigel; Fourteenth
Ward, 1,681 for the Democratic State ticket,
880 for Ledwith and 770 for Shandley;
Eleventh Ward, 2,344 for the Democratic
Stale tickat, 293 against Ledwith, and 1,173
forfeigel.
The foregoing are given as samples of the
splitting of tickets.
Chemung County gives 211 Democratic
majority.
Two hundred and twenty-six towns outside
ofJNew York and Brooklyn, show a Repub
lican gain of 10,368.
Tbe Republican majority in Otsego County
is 2,000; Saratoga 1,600; Genesee 1,100
Democratic; RennsalaerlOO.
Norris Win-Invy is choen Senator from
the Eighteenth District by l.SoO ma oiitv.
In the Thirteenth Wan!, New York Cit,-,
there is 1,814 majority for the Dunocrrtie
State ticket, 731 tor Ledwith, and 1,207 for
Shandley
Betnraw ('amine In Slowly.
New York, Nov. 7, The election re
turns from the i ity come in very slow. In
the FourthDi-trict Tweed is re-elected Sena
tor by an estimated majority of 12,000. in
the Fifth District, Norton (Tammany) is re
elected Senator by a large majority. Wall
man, (Tammany) is elected Senator in the
Sixth. O'Brien, candidate of the reform
Democracy, is elected Senator by an estima
ted majority of from 3,000 to 5,000. Genet,
(Tammany) is elected to the Senate from
the Eighth District. Of twenty-one candi
dates for the Assembly, returns indicate that
thirteen Tammanrites are elected. It is
believed that Horatio Seymour and S. J.
Tilden are chosen to the Assembly, also
Twomblyand Geil, reformers of the Tam
many Board of Aldermen and Assistant 1
dernien are supposed to be elected. The
Sixth Ward gives the Democratic State ticket
3,393 majority, and yet gives Barrett 3,404
over Ledwith. Stiencer and Jones (Tamma
ny) are elected judges to the Superior Court
Ketnrnn from the Interior or the Mate
New York. Nov. 7. 8 p. m. Twenty-
three towns in various parts of the interior of
the State show a Kepublican gain of 1,300
over the vote of 1869. where Nelson dem.
had 20,241 mijoritv for Secretary of State,
If this ratio is earned out the State will go
Republican by 50,000.
Fifty-six towns show a Republican gain of
2,960 over the vote in 1869. The city of
Watertown gives a Republican gain of 107
and Canandaigua 9S.
Jarvis Lord dem. will probably be re
elected as Senator in the Twenty-eighth or
Monroe District.
Twenty ant ot Tnlrla-lwro Senator.
New York, Nov. 7. 10 p. iu. From
the complexion of the returns received from
the interior of tbe State it would seem that
the Republicans have elected twenty out of
the thirty-two Senator, and that they will
have the majority in the Assembly. Out
side of the city the only Democratic Senators
believed to be elected are Tracy, of the Thir
teenth District; Haidenburg. nf the Twenty
eighth Rochester District, and Fargo, of the
Thirty-first Buffalo District.
The Democratic majority in the city is
estimated at 30,000. In the lower wards of
the city the Democrats hold their own, but
iu the upper parts tha losses are considerable.
Ledwith is generally abandoned by Tam
many and is badly beaten. In one district
Barrett has 499 votes, Ledwith none. The
Democratic majority in. Brooklyn is esti
mated at 5,000. Nearly the whole Democrat
city and county ticket chosen in Brooklyn.
Powell, Democrat, is chosen Mayor by a
small majority over Booth, Republican.
Three Republican Assemblymen and six
Democrats are probably chosen, a Republi
can gain of two. Tiogo county gives 830
Republican majority. In this city the
Fourth Ward gives 3,088 mafority for tha
Democratic Slate ticket, but gives 3,183
against Ledwith. One hundred and forty
two towns give 7,642 Republican gain, The
Republican majority in the State can hardly
go below 33,000. Pierce and Murphy,
Democrats, are re-elected in Kings county.
Among the Republican gains are Pough
keepsie 700, Yonkers 634, Flushing 153
Rome 35. Among the Democrat gains are
Hornellsville 1,040, Binghamgton 47. Os
wego county elects three Republican Assem
blymen. A few scattering returns from New
Jersey indicate the probable election of Par
ker, Democrat, for Governor, by a reduced
majority compared with 1868.
Great latereat aa!tele4-OMtrasi
hjr the Banana.
New York, Nov. 7. Perhaps no election
heretofore occurring in the city excited so
much interest as that of to-day. Everywhere
it was apparent that important issues were at
stake. Men who bad not been at the polls
for many years were active throughout the
day at work canvassing. Order was gen
erally preserved, the disturbances occurring
being generally connned to the lower por
tions of the city. In Tweed's district the
rowdies were very violent and committed
outrages with impunity. Rosa, Tweed's
opponent, was attacked in one of the districts
by a set of ruffians who smashed the box
containing the votes for Rossa and scattered
tbe ballots generally. In this district the re
peaters and thieves were in ascendency and
by intimidation deterred many men
from voting the Reform ticket Im
mense crowds assembled until
after midnight at the various voting places
in the city, awaiting the returns. The Ger
mans worked hard in the interest of Seigel,
wno nas a urge majority in the uerman dis
tricts. Rossa was challenged this afternoon,
but swore in his vote. He was arrested and
taken to the station house, but subsequently
discharged. Seigel is surely elected. Six
teen wards give nun 40,428 to 36.997 for
Stanly, and six other wards will probably
bid majority to $15,000.
Tata BTr. Incenall will
TrrtaWfashw rrnada.
New York, Oct, 4 Three women, Vic
toria a Woodhull, Tennessee CUflin and
Mary A. Leland, registered their names, in
hopes of bring allowed to vote on Tuesday.
The order for tbe arrest of Ingersoll ex
pired to-day, but will probably be extended
to next week
Evening papers say they have formation
of schemes which have been devised by Tam
many for the purpose of carrying tbe election
by frauds. Bogus ballot boxes are to be sob
tttated for the original ones, and by ar
rangement with police oficersand ot litis,
whoare to be bribed, the tickets in the bogus
boxes are to be counted instead of the gea
nJBe ones. The confession of one of the
aaaa; was the means of bringing the matter to
Fir as Caatey Isl id Bs
New Yoek. Not. 8. The IVraleaa Ha-
id, Jaailroad House, and two of the larnmt
heath aaCoawy bland ware iniujnfry
tohataicht-Lt.'hoat fMLfM,,
aaaaanaai Jaaan. af
v9tmammm,l, Tkmammmmtmmmmtt. mmamMmfl 71
::rfn':"jLzr.L.
were not, as a geneai tning, around the polls A train came along: and struck Geo. Greer
during the election. They spent their and threw him sixty feet, killing him in
money largely, and it is said that several of stantlr. Bruce Bobbin another of the nun
them are totally brnkrunt Last niehtTam
many Hall was deserted by the enthusiastic
members, who could he found at the club
rooms throughout the citv. The Reformer
believe that Ross would have lieeu deferteJ.
if Tweed had been given fair show at the
polls. Thieves and roughs had capital in
this district, which accounts for the result
The election is to be contested. The great
victory is tCfe topic of conversation tdav
in all circles. The City Hall was decorate"!
with flags in honor of the result. The poli
t'cians who were in the ay of Tammanv
seemed bewildered. Upon the dcor of the
Mayor's office a large placard was fixed,
bearing the following:. "The downfall of
Tammany Hall." The leading Democrats of
the State and citv already begin to talk of
nominating Cearles O'Cconnoras the Demo
cratic candidate for the next President
Election KrinrnvVlelaria Woadhnll
Attempts totsteaad IsBrfasM,
New York, November 8. The Brooklyn
Union of this morning concedes that the
city has gone Democratic, but strongly main
tains tliat it lus been carried hy dishonest
counting. The vote in the Twelfths Ward
exceeds the total number of male residents.
On the State ticket the Republicans gain
one Senator and two Assemblymen. Pow
ell, Democrat, is elected Miyor by 13,000,
over Booth, and by 10,000 over Booth and
Kalbdeiscli. The State Democratic ticket
was carried in Brooklyn by 10,000 majority.
Tammany Hall was not opened last night
Isaiah N. Kynders addressed a small street
assemblage from the stein,
Reormers, and stating that
eulogizing the
Tammanv was
not ine uemocrauc party. ictona C.
Woodhull and Tennessee Clafln otlored their
votes yesterday, but were refused. Victora
WcoJhull proles' in a lengthy card. The
few additional returns from the interior ol
the State increase the Republican majority
and i-how an increasel return of ICepubli
cans to the Assembly. All of the tifle.n
anli-Tammany Aldermen are elected in the
city, ami imetn unli-lammanv ami ix I
Tammany Assistant Mermen were elected.
The Kepublican General Committee of
New Jersey concede that the Suite has gone
Democratic by 4,000 majority.
Fisk denies leaving the city on election
day for fear that his regiment would le
callrtl out.
The Commercial says the election ye-tci-day
shows that the jieople can vindicate thier
claims io self govcrnui-nt. As an evidence
that the peoj le are capable of self govern
ment over thieves, Tweed's exact majority is
12.9S4, a loss of over 10,000.
The Assembly will stand 71 Republican.
to 57 Democrat.
A private di)utch stateslh.it John II.
Keyser isin AiUcn, S. C, where he his
bought a plantation.
Ingeraill is still in Portland, Maine, where
he hxs a quarry.
Deitham St FunVs piano fictory on
Eighth Avenue was buined this morning.
While a number of firemen were busy on
one side of the building in putting up lad
ders, to cary hose, the roof full in, causing
the side walls to fall, burying two firemen
and two KIicemcii in the ruin. The fire
men and police immediately worked to clear
the ruins, and finally m-ceeded in rescuing
them alive, though two are thought to be
fatally injured. Asi-t mt Engineer Rhodes
was one of the injured. The building was
owned by J. P. Hale, owner of a piano fac
tory on Thirty-sixth street, which fell am!
killed several people lat year. Thcfalling
of the building extinguished the lif
Damages to the building" $20,000.
Tweed Elected J-jrmonr Defeated.
NevvYokk, Nov. S. Further election
returns show that Johnson, Demoorat, is
elected to the Senate from the Twenty sixth
District, making that body stand 21 Repub
licans to 8 Democrats, including on; Taui
manyite (Tweed). In the Assembly the
Republicans have about 40 majority. Hora
tio Seymour is defeated bv Thomas C. Fields,
by from 1 11 to 221. Samuel J. Tilden has
a majority of 3,500. Alece Frear, a Tam
manyite, has 6 majority in the Sixteenth
District, with one precinct to hear from.
Hall, Democrat, is elected in tin- Twenty-fifth
District. Curtis and Sedgwick, Democrat
and Reform Kepublican, were chosen over
Jones and Spencer, for the Superior Court,
by about 22,000. Sjiaulding is elected to
the Marine Court by 21,000. Barrett's
majority over Ledwith is nearly 14,000.
In Brooklyn Powell's majority is 4329 over
Booth, while the latter beat Kalbfleish
6,212.
Theclrurman of the Republican Commit
tee of Brooklyn his called a meeting for to
morrow to take measures to conte-t the al
leges! fraudulent election. There were va
rious minors current in the evening to the
effect that Tweed had resigned the head of
the Public Parks Department aI-o, that he
had left for Europe. There appears to be ho
foundation for either on the contrary, there
is good authority to state that he hzs no in
tentions to that effet t.
Measures will he taken by the Reiuhlicaii
Committee to arrest those accu-ed of violating
the election law and engaged in a tal-s.'
canvass of votes, rnd those who refused
admittance of the (Killing books of watchers
appointed by the Committee.
Mrs. L. D. Mansfield, tiie lady Principal,
and other ladies ol Rockland Institute, voted
yesterday.
m
CHICAGO.
Ilolden Stealing the Seller fand.
Chicago, Nov. 4. Astounding revela
tions were made to-day of the operations of
Alderman C. S. P. Ilolden, in the use of the
relief funds. As Ilolden is President of the
City Council, and a candidate for Mayor on
the bummers' ticket, additional piquancy is
given to the matter. Immediately after the
tire, a relief society was formed, of which
Ilolden was made Treasurer. The compo
sition of the society not being satisfactory to
the committees from Cincinnati, LiiiLsville,
Indianapolis, St Louis and other cities,
that are here, Mayor Mason dissolved it,
ind directed that everything should lie turn
ed over to the old relief society, and an in
stitution under the control oi citizens of in
tegrity, and regularly incorporated. Tliis
was satisfactory to the committees of other
cities, hut not to some of the aldermen, and
they refused to recognize tbe new arrange
ment This unplesantr.css was mentioned
in the dispatches at the time. It now trans
pires that ilolden while acting as Trex-urer,
saved at least $15,000 of tbe relief funds, and
a considerable amount of supplies, which he
refused to give up, when a reipiL-ition
was made on him by the
proper authorities. It is alleged
that this money is now being used hy Ilol
den to secure his election as Mayor. The
most convincing evidence Is produced in sub
stantiation of this charge, among other things
that Ilolden lias caused to be sent to the reg
ular Commissioner a livery stable bill of
S240. Payment has been refused, and the
Commissioner gives notice that no carriages
are needed in the work of-relief. To wliat
purpose the benevolence of the country might
nave been put, but for thJ3 prompt action in
ferreting out this fraud, may now be seen.
The public may ret assured tliat the work
of relief is now in good hands, and that this
man ilolden will be held to a strict accounta
bility. The publication here of a letter from Gov.
Palmer to .Attorney General Bushnell, re
questing him to give the facts about the kill
ing of Thos. W. Grosvenor to tbe Grand
Jury of Cook County, has created cmite a
sensation. ery good authority denies that
the Governor has any right to initiate any
such proceedings, unless the Attorney Gen
eral should first refuse to present the matter
to the Grand Jury; but on the other hand,
Gov. Palmer is recognized as a lawyer of
ability, and not likely to make a mistake. It
is charged by the friends of Gen. Sheridan
that Gov. Palmer is unfriendly to him, and
has taken this opportunity to do him an in
jury. Sheridan is not in tbe least disturbed
about the matter.
skranf Haraethiewei
the C'ara.
-Killed by
Chicago. Not. 6. A petition in bank
ruptcy has been filed in the United States
Court in this city, asking that ihe Manhat
tan Insurance Company of New York be
declared a bankrupt, and an assignee ap
pointed to take charge of the assets of the
company for tbe benefit of its creditors.
This was done to test the question, whether
a foreign corporation doing business in this
State is antrnihle to the bankrupt courts of
this State.
Two men, supposed to be horsethieves,
were foaad sleeping In a haystack near Ply
atonta, Iadiaaa, last Saturday night, aad aa
attewaaitoaanatthemreaaltodiatha death
at one Harry Osoke, and weuadsas; of the
BaaaaJft. jtnsawa. r I sbbbf ndBwB. BwsaBwawawBBiawawah Banna fl aaBnawBwa wBwaBBa
i-J"--I.n,!u"3.-i w
was severely injured.
The Eleetlan Ar rented I he
etety.
Aid
Chicago, Nov. 6. There is deep interest
manifested in tbe result of the election to
morrow. A large vote will be cast.
The Board of Trade resolved to adjourn
ovtr until Wednesday. The Mayor issued a
proclamation recommending the suspension
of all business during the day.
Dr. Chas. Dyer, an- old and well known
citizen, was arrested to-day, at the instance
of Thos. J. Southerland, a Iawer,whocIurges
that Dyer, on last Saturday, with force of
anus, made an assault upon him, and heat
hiiu violently on the head and face, with a
heavy cane. Damages laid at $25,000.
The Shelter Committee of the Aid Society
rejiort that 5,6S9 persons have made ap
plication for temporary houses; 3,17S have
been furnished,
.la. Warrack has been appointed British
conul for Chicago. The consulate was abol
ished ome years ago, but has been revived.
ranee .Iran.
Chicago, Nov. 7. Of some fifty insurance
companies that have suspended, several are
offering to compromise with their creditors
on terms which are generally regarded as not
at all satisfactory to the creditors. The
Merchants of Hardford offers 30 cents on the
dollar; the Connecticut of Hartford offers 30
cents down, and 5 cents additional in ninety
days; the North American of Hertford offers
23 cents; the Manhattan of New York oilers
35 and the Astor of New York 40, which
invnienU are refused. The Security of New
York seems to do nothing but make umbra
geous statements about the future. They
apparently though not positively intimate
tliat 50 cents on the dollar would be satisfac-
toiy to themselves. The policy .holders, be
in" cognizant of its previous slandimr. as
published, feel dissatisfied with the offer of
J cents, and will not generally, it is under
i :cod, accept it
i Uoiunu'n Alii Society Ordrr trona
Ven. NUrrldun.
Chicago Nov. 7. A Woman's Industritl
Aid Society has been inaugurated in this
city, which has for its object the giving of re
lict" hy light and agreeable employment to
t..e women and children who have become
reduced in citcuinstances through the agercy
of the great fire, and who prefer to earn their
livelihood, rather than depend UKn the be
nevolence of others. The ladies, and gentle
men engaged in the new organization are
among tiie most reputable in the city.
Gen. Sheridan has issued the following
order:
GENERAI. OKUER NO. Ii.
So far as the provisions of general older,
No. 06, of Nov.l, 1871, from the War De
paitmcnt relates to this Military Division,
titer will be carried into effect as follows:
First, the Division will consist, first, of
the Department of Dakota, composed of
Minnoo'a, Montana and Dakota, the head
ipiarters to be at St. Paul, Minnesota, Maj.
Gen. W. S. Hancock, commanding; second,
the Department of Missouri, comimsrd of
Illinois, Mis-ouri, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska,
New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming and Utah
the headquarters to be at Fort Leavenworth,
Brig. Gen. John Pcpu commanding; thin),
the Department ol Texas, composed of the
Stale of Texas and the Indian Territory,
the headquarters to be at San Antonio, Texas,
Brg. Gen. C. C. Augur commanding.
Second, the Department of Platte being
discontinued, and the territory heretofore
coniiosing it attached to the Departments of
Mis-ouri and the Indian Territory, and
h iv in,; been transferred from the Dejiartment
of Missouri to the Departnieut of Texas,
Gen. Augur will, as soon as practicable.
transfer the records of the Department of
l'fitteto rortleivenworth, and explain in
person to Sen. 1'ope the disposition of the
troops under hid command. The Depart
ments of Supply at Omaha will remain there
subject of the Division Commander, the
officers in charge of them reporting to Chi
cago of their respective branches of at these
heai Iipiartei By command of
Lii.irr. Gex. Siiekiuan.
Jas. Ii. Fry, A. A. General.
Mateneal ot tbe Bellel Sneleljr.
Ciiicaoo, Nov. 8. The Executive Com
mittee of tl e Chicago Relief and Aid Society
have published an official financial state
ment of the amount actually received up to
November 7th, which is $2,050,000. The
amount actually subscribed fs about $3,500,
000. This includes six hundred thousand
do.Lirs in the hands of the New York
Chamber of Commerce and two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in the Bosvin fund
not yet placed to 'lie credit of the fund of
Society. The Society is now aiding aliout
sixty thousand pr ons. The Committee
say the great matter pressing upon the Com
mittee is shelter for the coming winter. To
this end we have been aiding those burned
oi.t to replace small but comfortable houstr
on llfir own lots or 141011 Ieied XvU, in
whi.h they can not only live tiiu winter but
next summer, and lie ready to work in re
building the c.ty. Ofthe-e house". Vkhich
are really very comfortable, being 1C by
feet, with two rooms, cm,- ,y jG feet, and
one S hy 16 feet, with a pi uied and matched
lloor, panel doors and good windows, wc
li.ne already finished over four thousand,
making permanent homes, allowing five to
a family, for 20,000 people, and with
the seven thous.ind houses which
we expect to build shall have room for 35,
000 people. These houses and some of the
barracks, in which is a moderate outfit, for
furniture such as stoves, mattrasses and a
little crockery, will consume say $1,200,000,
leaving 2,250,000 with which to meet all the
demamls for food, fuel, clothing and general
ev.cnrci from the 13th o: October, when we
took the work, until the completion of the
same, which cannot possibly end with the
present winter.
The entire official vote of the city has not
yet been obtained, hut Mr. Mcdill's majority
for Mayor is about 11,250. Mr. Gige's
majority for Treasurer is a little larger than
this, while the balance of the ticket is a little
less. The total vote will be near 2 1,000.
lieveridge, tbe Kepublican candidate for
Congressman at large, is elected by probibly
20,000 in the Stale.
Steamhaat Convention.
Louisville, Nov. 8. A convention of
thesteamboatmen of the Ohio and Misi
sif pi valleys met at the Halt House, at 2
o'clock this afternoon, 120 delegates being
in attendance. Several Congressmen were
present. Organizing and the appointment
of various committees occupied t.ie afternoon
session. The committees on the various sec
tions of steamboat law will prolnhly report
to-morraw. The Convention in a body will
vi-it the canal to-morrow, and a banquet in
Iheir honor will be given at night Mr.
John Newbury, of Detroit, was elected Pres
ident of the Convention. The Convention
meets again to-morrow at 10 a. ui.
Thaaka
Madison, Wis., Nov. 8. The following
is is-ued to-day by the Executive Depart
ment of the Sta'e of Wisconsin:
Madi.o.v, Wis., Nov. 8.
Tolliereoplecf tlielTnlled Stales:
The Relief Committee inform me that the
supply of cloth'ng on band and in transit
ready for shipment, will be sufficient for the
sufferers by the fire in this State. No further
contributions of this kind are needed now.
Your generosity has comfortably clothed the
needy for the winter. They would not tax
your liberality a moment hnger than is
necessary, and gratefully thank you for your
liberal and timely aid.
(Signed.) Luciw FAtncnn-D.
Election In W;seonla.
Madisox, Nov. 7. A very large vote
was polled in this State. Partial returns in
dicate the election of Washlsirne for Gov
ernor, and a majority of members of the
legislature.
In this city Doolittle's nnjority is 112 a
Democratic loss. The Republican candidate
for State Treasnrer has a majority of 26.
Mii.vvaukek, Nov. 7. In Kenosha City
Washburne, rep., has 51 majority a Re
publican gain over 1869 of 29. Mount
Pleasant, Racine County, gives Washburne
43 majority; Berlin City, 292; Wyocena,
Columbia County, 53; Arlington, 23. Fort
Winnebago gives Doolittle 38 majority;
Portage, 220; Oak Grove, 27; Hubbard,
Dodge County, 214. Randolph gives Wash
burne 69 majority; Racine City, 88. Bur
lington gives Dooliule 170 majority.
Fox Sake, Dodge County, was Doolittle, 3;
Republican loss 35. Trenton, Dodge Coun
ty, Washburne, 64; Republican leas, 18.
Watertown City, Doolittla. 31, leas ia town,
19, had a Dtnta witir as of 52. Brrar
Daam. Doohetk.!; kmim am 10, anal a
a, "a, -f Of HaaatnaBl .IbB
dDaWawsOCnft iOnaf Of flV JsTsBaaw"l aft)

Wawhl.il L Jwtt ft.
anaa nveaawtBwsV
h. i--? a
AvSa
jui.uir, j. ueniser, nasarjorne, ii;
Republican gain, 11. Saeboygaa Doolktle,
bi. Sheboygan City, Dooliule, 118. Bos
tible, Washburne, 125. PrescoU, Wash
btirne, 73. Hartford Doolittle, 126
city and town of Ripon, Washburne 113
majority; Republican loss 96. Merrimac,
Washburne 5o; gain of 56. Pryaie-th,
V ashburne 4o; Republican gam of 2. Bar
aboo, Washburn 159; Republican loss 043.
ri:..t a,i w,,
v lenna, w ashburne 72; Republican gain of
rV P?rt WawBton, DoolitUe 29; Repub
lican loss of 50. Modison City, DooJntle
118 Democratic gain of 4. Blooming Grove,
.Doolittle 55; Democratic gain of 3. Clinton,
Washburn 152; Republican rain of 53.
Wa-hburne 147 majority; Republican loss 7.
Oaktield. Washburne 156; gain of 20.
Jancsvillecity, Washburn 156 majority; Ion
168.
The Election la
Boston, Nov. 7. Boston gives Wath-
rurne aocm iw.uw, a pluralty. LMt year
launiatKeu nearly suuol a pluralty in the
city. Sixty-three towns including Boston.
foe.t up for Washburne 24,928; Adtms, 15,
SElr Chamberlin, 1.5S4; Pittman, 2,375;
Washburne' majority, 5,133.
Adams, Democraticcanilidate for Governor,
wis defeated in (Juincy for Representative.
10 i m. -Returns from 177 cities and
towns give Washburne, in rouud numbers,
51,000 votes, Adams31,000, and Chamberlain
and Pittman about 5,000 each. Washburne'
pluralty will exceed Cfaflin's, of last year,
w hich was a little less than 9,000.
The Legislature will be largely Republi
can. Charles Hale. late Consul General in
Egypt, is elected Senate over Wm. D. Park,
Democrat.
The anti-annexationist have carried
Clurlestown.
Boston, with the exception of the Fifth
Ward, givea Washburne 81,461, Adams,
7, 1 12, Chamberlain 249, Pitman, SS7. Last
year, including the Fifth Ward, the vote
stood, Clallin, 10,051, Adams, 9,735, Phil
lijw, 1949, scattering, 12.
Whole returns from several principal
towns indicate the general result on the State
vote as unusually small. Little popular
interest is manifested in this city to-night in
regard to the return.
Beaolattono
by the Bioialo
latnre.
I.oct-
Atlanta, Nov. 6. Both branches of the
Legislature adopted the following resolutions:
AW, That Rufus B. Bullock, late
Governor of the State and who resigned his
office, left the State under circumstances ti
cking grave suspicion that he is guilty of
high crime and misdemeanors by his charg
ing in a letter bearing date of Oct. 23rd,
1S71, addressed to his political frieiuls ami
the jieople of Georgia, that a majority of the
House of Representatives iiad pledged them
selves to article of impeachment agtinst him
without investigation; that the Senate had
determined a sufficient number ol Repnbli
cin Senators to secure hi conviction without
regard to the truth and validity of the
charges, which defamed this general assembly
hy charges which are untrue; that the state
ment in the same letter to the effect that the
people of Georgia have recently denounced
or ignoreel the Constitution of the United
States is fale and defamatory to the people
of thi State, on the contrary, we assert tliat
the people of thi State do now they did
months ago, when, according to the letter of
the said Rufus B. Bullock, they were peace
ably disposed and acquiesced in the ref ult of
the war.
l.leetloa In Arkansas.
Litti.k Rock, Nov. 7. Th, election
pa-ed oil ijuietly to-day. At least 300 peo
ple were denied the right to vote, because
their names did not appear on the regis. ry
book in the ward where they applied to
vote. No official returns are in. Accord
ing to the tally of those appointed by
Brooks' men to take the names of those who
voted, and how, the Brooks tit ket, in op
position to the Clayton party, Ls elected by
a majority of from 500 to 600. The judges
ire now busy counting the vote, and, as they
will allow no one pre-ent, there is no way of
knowing Ihe official count.
oi
Bliwotrrr of Hidden Treamnre.
Cocscn. Bluffs, Nov. 7. Yesterday, ai
Liliorer were at work cutting a road through
a hill in Hang Hollow, the-y excavated a
sack containing $12,000 in gold ami silver
coin. The money as hidden there eighteen
ye-irs ago, by a nun named Muir, who mur
durcd Corneale, a Califoniian. in this city.
Muir was captured and hung by a mob. lie
s-iid he hid the money under a stump irr this
hollow, but refu-d to tell where. Many
have hunted for this, secreted treasure, but in
vain. The laborer tdiared theliooty.
OtlleorH of the llannlhal
I M. Jeela
kiieilr'init.
Qcixi v. III., Nov. The election o
Directors nf the Hannib-il St. Joseph R
R. took place at Hannibal lo-day. Nearly
nil I' millions of capital v. re- resented, nud
the follovvingilirtrtursweref liostn: J-tcubS.
Huge!" of New York,; A. N. Ramsdell, of
New London, Ct; A. Ii. lialiss, of New
York; Henry Smith, of New York; John
A. Risker, of New York; George B. Alley,
New York; J. W. Whitcomb, of New Yotk;
Daniel S. Miller, New York. TUe new
Board is understood to l-e in the interest of
the Erie Itoad.
m
Sen Jersey.
Newark, Nov. 8. State returns indicate
a majority of 5,000 for Parker. The Repub
lican have elected thirty-e.ven Assembly
men, and the Democrats twenty-four. The
K'pulilicans get twelve Mate Senators, and
the Democrats nine. Full rejiorts may vary
tlu-"e figure a trille.
stlKanlpr to ttir Whet-ling; rieet.
San FnAjf-r, Nov. 6. The disaster of
the Wheeling fleet is predictesl by the K
ijuiniaux, i lit no attention i paid to the pre
diction. Or Woodbridgc died on his way home
from Honolulu.
School Teacber Killed.
WlLvitM.-roN, Del., Nov. 6. Chas. Wal
ey, a school teacber in Christiana village,
was killed yesterday by Stephen II. Castner,
a justice of the jieace. Castner surrendered
himself to the authorities.
llclrwlt.
Detroit, Mich., Nov. 8. 12.20 a.m.
For the first time in twelve years, the Re
publicans hare carried this city. Hugh
.Moffatt is elected Mayor by about 700 ma
jority, i
Jo. Medlll Elected.
CiticAi.o, Nov. 7. Tbe election in thi
city parsed oir quietly. Hon. Jo. Medill
has been elected Mavor, by a Large majority.
Thirteen precincts give him 2,678 to 695 for
Hidden.
lire.
IJkookvtllf, Ind Nov. 6. The Stewart
Par Company' mill, at this place, tw
burned yesterday morning. Loss, $75,000;
insured for $25,000.
m
rlre In Ml. I-smlo.
St. Ltcis, Nov. 6. Nearly a block of
frame buildings, in list St. Louis, wa
burned this morning. Los $10,000; insur
ance $G.i)00, mostly in insolvent companies.
i
Election in Jtew Jersey.
Newark, Nov. 7. Parker is probably
elected Governor by from :J,000 to 5,0CO
majority. Boh branches of the Legislature
will be Republican.
m
Xatchcz.
Natchez, Mlsa, "Nov. 7. The election
passed off epiietly here. The Republican
vote is estimated at 2,500, no opposition.
o
Minnesota.
St. Paul. Nov. 7. Returns from eigh
teen towns give Austin 1,423 majority. St.
Paul's vote has not been counted.
GRMAKY.
Berlin, Nov. 6. A Congress for tbe con
solidation of trade unions will be held here
on the 19th inst A union of all the work
ingruen'a associations for co-operative pur
poses Ls proposed.
OBEAT jUUTAIH.
Loxnosr, Nor. J.S. Morgan A Co. re
auUed 200 received from Urenock for the
from tbe forest fires ol aUcaigea
'a ranurare taaary; aad
with several sanal
to tarawjaa; ovar
ot of
a 1 it
'Vi
.Morris, Washburn 124 inovgney; Republican
los132. Oshkosh, Washburne 132; Repub
lican loss 55. Fon du Lac citv and town
"V
WJ
3
i&1
IS
tfi
k
M
ji
a"
v

Vi
a
jid
-ii

m

-w"s
v

"5
K
Rn
yrV

A!
vT
53
a

a
.i
rSs