1
in
..Tlie.t'ainesviile Journal.
''siTf'RKAY,
(MTOBKK 14, 171.
Kaiiloriail Para(ruph.
So mtit-ii of nr ii-e lias Iw-fii tuken
up fry HiB-ilesHTiptioii of iIih l.it; tvl'iil'le
fire in ChU-api. tlutt we :iri' i-miplh-l
to oil) h, niiiih other general news. Hut
jnnt i fhe intercut t-eiiteriii;; :iroiunl
this groat calamity, that wo feel cer
tain our full ami arviiraK' ai-cotmt
will fully comieiiit; forany slifrt--iiii-
lug reganl to other news.
All over tJm country this lias been
the alisorhiii'; tonie of conversation, and
everywhere te have licen taken to aiil
iu relieving the suflVriug thousand who
have leen remlered homeless ami slu-I-
terlefs by the Haines.
tl1:re election hare soarcely"
attracted nay especial interest. The.
returns come in but slowly solar. ;oy.
Xoyes will step into office with a majori
ty of most probably not far from twenty-five
thousand. The Senate will proba-
j t lly lx? leiiiocratic; while the House will
lie Republican from twelve to fifteen
votes. Pennsylvania is also Kcpublicaii
by a large majority.
In Philadelphia there were three tick
ets the Republican, Democratic and
v Kefomi .the latter another name for
a mongrel Democratic ticket. The re-
ular-Kepublican ticket hac carried the
citv in spite of the intimidations and
,j murders of the police. The lc-rislatureis
again llepiiblican in With branehes.
Iu Philadelphia, the election was at-
tended with unusual excitement, and iu
,;.ome parts of the city there was serious
iroting, resulting in bloodshed. If was
.caused by the iwiliee intimidating and
i r driving colored people from the m11s in
?.:eerfaiu wards. The militia were called
out but not used. The result of the
days fighting was five killed and over
Thirty wounded, mostly colored. The
.Republicans carried the city.
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
CHICAGO IN ASHES.
siYTV hoi ksj n.ti n;t hi Tilt;
IFIRE t'lE.VD.
o
Otie Hundred mid Filly Tluiuiund
People HoinrlmN.
Tit
CirewtPNt ionf lugrMlieii
World ever Katv.
the
'The conflagration of a city.lwilli all its tu
mnit of roncouiititut distress, i one of the most
-lrealful spectacles wliich tills world run offer to
human eye.-' Dr. lolmou.
One of the most, terrible conflagrations
tliat the world lia.4 ever seen lias just
visited Chicago, and compared to which
even the rain of tire upon Sim linn and
,joinoirali seems almost as naught.
Within the short sp;n-e of three days two
destructive tires have laid nlms,t the en
tire city in ashes and reduced over one
hundred and fifty thousand people to the
most abject surt'ering. The horror of
the scenes and the terrible ordeal through
iwtlicti the inlialiitjiiirs of flint i-ity have
i passed are almost indescrilxilile..
lu Saturday night Inst at. about 11
.o'clock. a tire started iu n large planing
mill situated between liutou and (.'anal
and Van Bureu. and .lacksnu streets,
aliout the centre of the brock, formed by
those streets. The wind was blowing
very fresh, and the Humes, spread with
almost incredible rapidity, and iu a lew
minutes the entire structure was a mass
olMlrPi 'The iminediftte vicinity' was
.i; built up entirely with wooden tenement
houses and two story frame buibtings
occupied as groceries, .saloons, etc., so
that little check was afiVirdcd to the
ravages of the flames. When the alarm
.sounded, tor the. lire another of
considerable magnitude was binn
ing on .Wells street, near
Adams, and several engines were neees
'sarily kept at work upon this. The, rest
of the engines were soon on the ground.
but before they arrived the lire had
spread over so large an area and was so
rapidly-- spreading, that their 'efforts'
seemed; of little avail.- Hetween Canal
street, and the river were several liimlier
yards, where the dry contents were but
a. means for the. fire "to travel with in
creased rapidity. 'Within a. very short
j lime all that joirt lying north from Yim
lhiren Street to Adams, and west to
Clinton, three blocks from the river w as
one mass of Haines. 'The .'wharves be
tweeu Vaif Hureii and .lacks-on Streets
next caught, and soon after the approach
to the Adams Street bridge was reduced
to ashes. The. coal yards, depot build
j lugs and grain elevators were consumed
...one after another, until the space burn
ed over embraced four blocks,- hounded
on the north by Adams street, west by
Clinton, south by. Van Iluren, and east
by Chicago river". At about one o'clock
in the morning the further progress of
the lire was arrested and it seemed as
r, though the almost superhuman exertions
.ft the firemen were to lie successful in
staying (heir ravages. The loss from
this fire was probably not far from four
hundred thousand dollars, a larger jior
i tinn of which would have been covered
by insurance. Jiut one casualty has
;t lieen reported from this tire, of Saturday
night,' and that was the bnrninir to
death of .Miss Margaret lladlcy, living
.,m the north side ol .Jai-ksoiisii'm-t. who,
being suddenly tsurruiuided by the
flames, was unable to. escape, Jler re
liiaiiis, burned to a cinder, were atter
Wvfte found in the pl.-ico where sb was
last 8eil in her house. This destruction i
t: ot four whole sipiares in one of the most
populous emiiuerei.il cities of fiH. Cnioii
would iu iUsclf have been suflicient to
excite the sympathy of all, but. was soon
suuk'iiito comparative insiguitieauce, be
fore the aggregaled 'horror that was soon
to follow. -i
On Sunday evening' at :45J o'clock 'a a
alarm wuh "given from the corner of
lalsted street and' Caiialporf avenue,
about two aiil a half mile from tlie
:'t"oitrt house .'and from this moment dates
the most tserrrble visitation ever Under
gone by any city in the Tnion, if not ill
the world. The lire, commenced near
1'aylor street, midway lietween Delevan
",and .Teil'erson, and rapidly spread in
''..every direction. Iu- this Vicinity the
blocks arc built up solidly, almost exclu
sively of two story frame houses occu
pied as resiliences, hoardinir bouses,
-naloontf, groceries, etc. At 12":4.V a. in.
of OctJ Ittli, the tire wliich c omiiienced
ill this quarter had swept over a space at
least three times as large as that devas
tated on tlie night before, and still rfished
on its path of destruction -with greater
fury than had .marked jiuy of "its pre
vjous stages, anil the engines appeared
..almost powerless. At, this time Kjre
Marshal William telegraphed to-.Mil-
waukee foi; all the engines they could
spare. At one o'clock the conflagration
had already devastated at least 'twenty
:bliKks, mostly composed of the smaller
class of dwellings, and inhabited mainly
by Kor jieople. Xot less than three hun
dred 'buildings had been entirely de
stroyed, and inure than that niunlier of
families were 'rendered homeless. The
wind were blowing almost a gale from the
south, and showers of sparks and brands
..were sweeping .over the city, fhreateu
iug destruction at every hanil. At this
ruomemf, to add U tlie horrors of the
..situation, two alditioua alarms were
I struck, and the tower of Ihe court house
i iniught from a Hying brand, but was ex
S tiiiguLshed by the watchman on the
lower. 'n description ciin give an ade
ijuate idea of the terrible scene at this
''!liic. 'The' inmates of many of the
Ikiuses startled from slumber, had bare-
IvTlme. to rush from their homes in tlie
scanty aftir- of night, leaving their
household "-nods to destruction. ln sev-
cral instances children were hastily
wrapped iu blankets and quilts to break
Ibejforce of their fall, and thrown from
second story windows to the ground.
The gleam from the burning buildings
r lighted the streets half 11 mile away so
I hat one could see to read. The (bird
lire started in a row of low tcnciiicnu on
:.HeKoven street, between Jefferson
.and Clarion, and spread with tenibU
rapidity. Br; fore a single engine could
,-get ou the gro I half the
.block was in llames, and
burned furiously. The entire depart-
Jieut were soon on file ground :mil at
work, r or a time it seemed pronanie
that they would succeed in confining it
to an area of four or live block. The
wind, however, which was blowing
fn lily when the lneWrted. incr&ised
to a gale, and suddenly tiie flame seem
ed to spread iu every direction, becom
ing entirely beyond the control of the
lire department. Almost with the veloc
ity of the wind the lire spread nntil iu
tliat iiiartor it reached West MoTiroeSt
a distance of more than a mile ij-om
where it started, and covered a breadth
of nearly half a mile, reaching from the
rivt-r to" .letter-on street. The freight
debits of the Chicago and St. T.ouTs, amF
I'itt-burg. Fort Wayne and Chicago
railroads were by ibis time enve!ojed iu
t'aines, and brands trom tlie' tire werf5
blown across to the east side of the river.
I The wooden buildiugs iiiuocilkuelv uU
I joining ihe 4'hi-ago ;.-is House next
i
took tire and the devouring ticinl ot lire
s(B ead in every direction,
A terrible "panic began to prevail
throughout the whole city, and almost
everybody, men. women,, ami tbibiieii
were in the street, and praying, weej
ing and "M-riiling was ncarit in every
direction. ,Tbe alarm bell ..commenced
ringing an unceasing peal, which, was
intended to ca fl eTery sleeper from his
bed. The panic increased, and tlie peo
ple seemed almost crazy wiflr alarm.
To add to the horrors of the situation the
shipping began to catch lire, and it
seemed as if the. city "were doomed to lie
swallowed up in tlie fiery whirlwind. A
raffing, roaring hell was now enveloping
thirty blocks of the city and wo sweep
ing onward, a tempest of fire against
which hmiiau efforts seemed powerless.
The bridge across Van Buren street was
next burned, tlie cars on the tracks of
the various railroads with all their wealth
of contents, and the flames seeiiied to
sweep over everv 'obstacle w ith the ra
pidity of prairie fire. Thousands of peo
lde tilled the streets, mnnv of them
rushing out barely iu time to save their
lives. I5v noon of Monday; from Harri
son street south to Iivision street north.
and troiu the rtver to the lake, an area
of four miles long by one wide, the
flames had swept' everything before
(hem. If. is estimated that at this time
at least one hundred thousand jieople
w ere houseless and in a ufl'ering con
dition. The streets in ihe. districts still
iiiiliiii ned were lined for miles with such
household goods as have been saved from
devastation. More thau one-half of Ihe
population were rushing through the
streets in vehicles, obtained at enormous
prices, fin foot and in every other wayj
with the choicest household treasures in
their arms and on their backs, in utter
confusion, not knowing 'whither logo;
1'roui the mass of telegraphic reports
which have been sent over the wires, it
is almost impossible to extract, any posi
tive information as to the exact state of
the ravages at anv particular time.. Hut
at this time Monday noon Ihe tire ex
tended on all sides of the river anif in
cluded all the business part of the. city
All the banks, express cilices, tclcgrapli
offices and newspaper olliccs were de
stroyed. The burnt (lis! ricf. included
from the corner of Jefferson Avenue and
I)e K oven street. northeasterly.' the
Court House, Wi-stcrn Union Telegraph
office, Ibinks, ami apparently everything
within half a mile w est,-of the Coiv.tt
House, and as far south as alwutt Polk
street and probably west of State street
anil perhaps cast of that. The fire ragw
on tlie North Side, east of Wells street.
and extended up to Chicago Avenue iri a
nortli-easterlv direction. All the lead
ing hotels Were destroyed. The Water
Works were also destroyed, (mil the sitp
piv of water whollv cutoff. The Mich
igan Southern and Lake Shore' Ifailroad
depot and the Hock Island depot was
burned. The tire afterwasd reached the
great western depot and, by three o'clock
in trie afternoon every depot In the city
was destroyed, while the evening saw
the Sherman House, ISoard of Trade
Custom House, anil tlie Western' Union
telegraph building iu ashes. All loii-
day bight the fire continued" to burn on
tin; north' side, but Tuesday morning
found it, somewhat under control. It is
literally true tosav that there is nothing
remaining of that side,! from the river
north, to Lincoln Park,: aud from the
north branch of the river on the west, to
the lake on the-, east.. This portion of
Uie city, except along the main river
where there vere business blocks, was
occupied by dwellings, and two-thirds
of the impulation were Germans and
Scandinavians. These are now home
less and there are ,some ia frame build
iiisrs on llie Xorthwest section and oth
ers m the praiuies without, shelter
Throughout the day, Monday, a renewal
of the lire on the West.. Side was looked
for, and a change of five degrees in the
diaection of the wind,, at anv time,
would have led to that result, There
would literally liave been no refuge for
any. JCvery one had., clothing
packed ready,. to start t for
the prairie, at any moment, but -God
averted this hist jiossible addition to the
disaster. At sun down, .Monday-, the
wind lulled, aud at three- o'clock. Tues-
dav morning the rain, so feiTeutly pray
ed for, cstnic, It did not rain lorigj but
tlie root, ot houses and the groutiu hni
been wet, so that now it was possible to
have tires to cook toott lor tlie multitude,
A meeting of citizens was held in the
Kast Congregational Church, West Wash
iiigton street, which was continued
throughout Monday night. Measures
were considered to protect, what proper
fy was left, and provide tor tlie Home
less, r ltteeu hundred citizens were
sworn in Monday night as an extra po
lice force, aim the secretary ot v ar
authorized General Sheridan to employ
all available troops for guard, and to is
sue one hundred thousand rations. Hv
hundred sailors were, on duty, -,.Tlii:
precaution was .necessary, tor as. re-
mai-Kame. as it mav seem, there were
fiends who still. sought to extend the dis
aster. Two caught in the act of firing
houses ou the West Side were seized and
immediately, hung .to: lamp posts, one
on l wcltth street, near the river, and th
other, three miles away on 'laybourne
Avenue, .orrn Mde. mis-, summary
action checked the thieves and murder
ers.
I'hu.-j the tire w hich hail raged front
Saturday night; w as .finally stopped on
Tuesday evening by the rain, although
in many (piarte.rs u nail already exiiaus
ted ilselt.Irom lack ot. material -upon
which to leed. I p to this writing
.lhursduy evening the horror grows in
intensity with every fresh account.- So
tar from Ihe first reports lieing exagger
ated they have bien more than confirm
ed by laic reports. What. the end ..may'
be the mind shrinks from contemplat
ing. The present misery is terrible. and
Ihe future is gloomy, not only to Chica
go itself but to tens of thousands beyond
its limits. So great a calamity as tliat of
Chicago cannot but affect pearly every
class and description of business
throughout the. country; 1,'he sudden
blotting out of untold millions of proi
erty will be felt, from, one end of.: the
United States to another., j
The burning: of the telegraph offices
and consequent embarrassment- of' the
lilies, the general confusion;, in the
doouieil city, and the total destruction
of the newspaper establishments that
were the centres of information, make: it
difficult to obtain connected and intelll-
jent accounts of the disaster'.-The dis-
patches are confused and fragme.,tarv,1
i. I
but they serve to give, some idea of the
appalling extent of the work.of devasta
tion.8 The details are. Vb ineagre that
from the above which is taken from the
regular telegraphic reports it. is with
difficulty that wo cmi olMain any clear,
idea of the extent, and course of the tcri
rilile devastation. The following, how
ever, selected from the personal narra
rivw of those who were .present .'during
the fire will serve to make tlie situation
much clearer and the extent of the ca
lamity more easily understood.
The fire commenced on the West Side,
in a house on llalstcd street, between
Hunker and l)e Koven streets, a short
distance north of Twelfth street. Krom
this point it. traveled northeastwardly
crossing the blocks diagonally until it
reached lies Plaines street, near polk.
In this vicinity was a large planing
mill, which took fire and burned w ith
intense heat. Prom this building came
nil the mischief. The wind was blowing
furiously and flakes of fire from the
burning planing mill were carried long
distances, causing flames to burst out. iii
a dozen differed, pbuies af once, thougl
w idely separated. One line of tim ri'iiv
eied rapidly in a northeasterly direction
across the south branch ofthe Chjeago
I'ivcr, between Polk and Harrison streets,
and rcticjicd the lake at 'Congress street.
At the same time another line ot tire
was I raveling morn northwardly, cross
ing the river near Van ltuVen street,
wbisMbe flames continued to go dpo
north aJMigfiiiial,Cljntnpi arid Jefferson
streets,
The wind blowing furiously from the
south curried the burning fragments so
far north ward t!:t fires two-sl out almost,
simultaneously ait over the district ;ex
tween Harrison street and the Chicago
river. This territory contains the best
business jortion of Chicago, including
the great wholesale and retail estali
lislimenLs. ami banks, hotels, liewsnaiw'r
ollices, chandler of commerce, telegraph
building and railroad depots. With the
speed ojfa prairie fire'vthe flames swept
through .this vast amount f projierty
and converted it intoii raging iielL So
sudden a!id.,uiiexieted was the spread
ot the ttames that there was little lime
for saving projierty.
lint the fury of the lire was not stayed
at the river. The burning brands were
carried across far up on the "Xorth Side,
and the flames swept from the fiver to
the J.iucoln i'ark, -carrying everything
Ht-e tlMUn.i "lhei water works, on
ine street and 'hicago avenue, were
destroyed, Jiuii .xXui upply- of Avalcr
ng cut otl the flame had it all its own
way. 1 lie lire swept through tne
'athdlic cemeteryiand. entered Lincoln
ark. reaching the woods beyona, alia
went sweeping up toward r.vanston.
TUa-4i e didiw-worfc perfectly, -iimk,
stone, and wood; lire-proof block and
white-wood- shanty,' shared rue same
fate. All were levelled to the ground.
Here and there a chimney stands, or a
fragiuentofa Vail, but over what was
the finest part of Chicago, the eye can
range uimnstrueteu save ny smoKe.
hat was once Chicago is now a plain
overcd with confused neaps ot bricks
at a white heat, streets are blotted out
and not a landmark" remains to show
even the oldest resident where he stands.
'iicli complete obliteration cannot lie
oneeivert possible, unless it is seen.
The hre,alter it had passed northward,
tnrned for a time and commenced travel-
ii2 southward along Wabash avenue.
It was at this time that Lieutenant Gen
eral-Sheridan came on the field and
oinineneed blowing- up buildings. In
company with Surgeon Ash and the May-
son he drove rapidly through the men
aced directs with cans of lKiwder, and
blew Hp houses wherever he saw it nec
essary w stop the names. -V nouse on
Wabash avenue, nist nontli or 1 ongress
street, and next door east ti that of Mr.
i.aflin, was blown up, which stoppetl the
southwani progress ot tne names,
i he river was crowded with shipping,
ind these, As a matter of course, were de
stroyed. So rapid was the progress of the
llames that it was impossible to remove
them from tlie danger in time. A nuiii
lier of the finest elevators in tlie city
were burned.
The Court House, reeords are supixised
lo destroyed, though a rimior was
enrrent tliat :i portion had been removed
to one ol the tunnels ana possibly sa-veti
here were grave fears as to the salcty ot
the, bank vaults, but the facts in regard
to them cannot be known until the rums
cool off. The Nicholson pavement burned
up, the fire traveling-oil the pavement ass
It progressed niong tlie blocks. The
wooden sidewalks burned like tinder and
assisted in spreading the fire,
Thousaiids'ot people were on tne streets
Monday evening without lood or shelter.
Men. who on Miimiav w ere won.ii mil
lions, were sitting on Monday night on
the curbstone with their families, penni
less and hungry. Mny of them who
were supposed enormously wealthy, are
now worse, thau penniless,- being left
without money ami heavily in debt
What the, loss of life has licen it is 1m
possible to guess at, and pronamy will
never be khowri. That it was largecannot
lie doubted. Several'-instances are re
ported of 'persons barely escaping from
I ne lower stories oi ourning uuiuiing:
when ihe fonr or live stones above them
were packed with sleepers, the greater
part of whom, it is supiioseu, must nave
lien shell, 'Ihe lire spread so rapidly.
breaking out, m places supposed aoso
lutely safe, that it was impossible for all
to have escaped, our mlormant gives
an instance -within his own observation
to' show the destrnctiveness to life. A
man uiidertofik to cross in front of a
burning building.' The heat- was so In
tense that he fell and shrivelled up in an
instant
The scarcity of water, added to the in
tense, beat,- increased! tlie .misery, of the
houseless and foodless people. Water
was sold by the glass and hard to get at
mat.
In the midst of this terrible suffering
U. a. jiason, the mayor ot tne devas
tated city,: telegraphed to the whole
country at large for help, and right well
was the call for aid responded to. By
every State and from every city was the
appeal heeded. The first supplyof pro
visions received came fronv .Jilal waukee,
Allegan. Springfield, Lafayette, ..Bur
lington, Racine, Madison, Kenosha, Ei-
11011. Lrbana, Sycamore, Allegheny I ity
Jacksonville, Davenport and, Plymouth
sent in one car of provisions each. JUk.
hart, and Fort Wayne, sent three cars
each', 'Cleveland", six, cars, OshkosTi and
J-osansnort two cars. t he Chicago. Bur
lington and Quiucy Kailroad brought
eight car loads Irom .Aeponset.. The va
rious cities throughout the country tele
graphed offers of -money and supplies of
every kind, ,'cw York made tenders of
large amounts of money, and many of
her private citizens give ten thousand
dollars apiece. Jay Gould telegraphed
the tisebf fast trains and free transporta
tion over his road, ami all railroads lead
ing out of Chicago are .carrying, free of
eiierge, over their roads such or the
homeless as have friends in other places,
and this kindness on their part is being
largely availed of, and many are leaving
the city. immense quantities 01 pro
visions have .arrived, many car loads
being: cooked ready for distribution,. and
tlie committee hnve telegraphed to seve
ral places to stop sending in any more at
present. Twenty. car loads of provisions
and ten 'thousand. blankets.-cauie from
Cincinnati, accompanied by seventeen of
her citizens. St. Louis sent iu twenty
car loads of provisions. A great deal
of suffering occurred among 'the people
ou Monday night who were obliged to
camp out "ou the northern extremes of
the city, and qnlte a number of deaths
resulted in consequence of the' exposure,
fright and fatigue endured. The com
mittee in charge j in the name ot the
city, impressed onmibusses, carriages
and wagons of every kind and set them
at work carrying provisions to them, and
also water, and bringing them into the
churches and school houses on the South
and West sides,' where they have been
slieltered and made enmfortable; and
Tuesday night it was believed1 but very
little' pufi'ering existed. Gov. Palmer
sent a special messenger with 5,00t, and
then went himself to assist in affording
relief. He has called a special session of
the 1 .legislature to convene at Spring
field oil the 13th Inst. Many Governors
of States have been heard from, and ten
der assistant oli behalf of their resis
tive States; At a meeting of the citizens
of St. Ubtiis $290,000 were subscri lied.
Cincinnati pledges 2.iO,O0O.' New York
will probably assist with half a million.
We have thiis endeavored to give some
ideaof tjbis -most' appalling calamity, but
it is: impossible w conceive and conse
quentlyjto describe the harrowing scenes
tliat ocenrreii, in detail. .Kve.ry paper is
niieu with tne sickening details and as
the -smoke -clears away, allowing the
particulars to be written up the situation
seems more and more, horrible. None
but an eye-witness can form-an idea of
the. fury and power of the fire- fiend as
lie reveled among the palatial buildings
and warehouse on the South Side. With
!!!Vw?i Ij"1" M,
seemed but the work- ot n moment for t.li
seemed but the work of a moment for the
hrrto enter the south ends of buildings
fronting on Randolph', Lake and Water
streets,- and reappear at the north doors
and windows belching forth, fierce flames.
which often Jicke(f the opposite buildings.
mo H.HIH-.S i.-CI1UI H'Olll OUllU-
ings on both .sides of the street would
unite and present ''a solid mass of -fire,
completely filling tlie street from side to
side, and shooting upward a- hundred
fi'ct into the air aimve the house-tons iu
their mad career.-
Thus was street after street filled with
flame and fire, ami the exultation ofthe
tire fiend was given vent to in a roar
which can only be equalled by combin
ing the noise of the ocean, when its
waters are driven during a tempest upon
a rocky beach, with the howl of the
blast," Huge wtdls-wrmtd topple, and fall
into the sea of tiro, without apparently
giving a sound, as the roar of the fierce
element was so great that nil minor
sounds were swallowed up, and the fall
of walls w as only perceptible to the eye,
anil not to llii! ear.,
If our readers witt'; recall to their
miuilu the fiercest snovv storm iu their
expnrience; and Imagine th" siny to' be
tire, its it surged hither aqtl tfilther be
fore the fury of the fiend, they will be
able to form a faint, conception7 'hf the
flames as thuy ragetl through tho streets
of the doomed city. Many of the build
ings situated along South"' Water street
niineu tpeir reu-not roar wajls in the
water of le river, iqto which tlpiy
plunged with a hiss "ike nqtfi i!ftt)iig
earthly, throwing up a hljlow qf water
which would 'gradually-subside until
other walls would follow.
T))i leat was sq intense at limes, from
some of the burning buildings, that they
could not lie approached within one hun
dred and fifty feet, which accounts for
the manner iu which the lire w orked
backward and often against the wind.
A si-eneof more powerless effort to light
an enemy was. never presented than that
of this- the people trying to combat the
lire hend, Ihe combat was not ot long
Inration. for the lieople bowed their
heads iu anguish of spirit, and suffered
the fiend to have untraiiinieled swav and
well, mid thoroughly has be done his
worK, and nothing ot tlie past history ol
ivilized nations chronicles anv efforts of
his to which ibis present, one can lie
compared. So in all future time, the
great Chicago--fire; "when mentioned,
will bring to the heart ot its participants
a pang of anguish to future generations
simile ot everv thing that is frightful
and terrible.
While there were many instances of
generous devotion on the part of the
rich and poor in dividing with the desti
tute, there are painful instances of
mejuinexs ami seltishnesS. One was try
ing to remove valuable papers from an
office; aud asked two firemen to help
luui, which they refused, unless he paid
them fifty dollars. The papers were de
stroyed. Drivers ot express wagons
have taken one hundred, and eveu hve
hundred dollars for an hours use of their
vehicle in getting distressed people
away. -Among the sad accompaniments
of the calamity was too see hundreds of
men aud boys beastly intoxicated around
the streets.
On the Xorth Division, where the sa
loon keepers' stocks were turned into
the streets, a convenient opiiortunitv
was furnished for the gratification of
slavish propensities, and there can hard
ly be a doubt that, many of these poor
wretches toiind their death in names
from which they were too helpless toe;
caje. ne poor niau had crawled tor
refuse into a water mam lying in the
street near the water works, but the fi
hend found him even there before he
could get his ltody wholly in safety, and
robbed him of his lue. fhere were Irom
fifty to seventy-live thousand men, wo
men and children fleeing bv everv avail
able, street and alley, to the southward
and w estward, attempting to save their
clothing and their lives. Kvery avail
able vehical was brought into requisition
lor use, tor which enormous prices was
paid, and the streets and sidewalks
presented the sight of thousands of per
sons and horses inextrieatably com
mingled poor people of all colors and
shades, aud of every nationality, from
Europe, China and Africa, marl with ex
citement, struggling with each other to
get away. Hundreds were trampled un
der foot. Men aud women were loaded
with bundles of their household goods,
and in their skirts were clinging tender
infants, halt dressed and barefooted, all
seeking a place of safety. Hours after
ward these, might have been seen in va
caut lots, or on some street far out in the
suburbs, stretched m the dust. One ot
the most pitiful sights was that of a
middle-aged woman, on state street,
loaded with bundles, struggling through
the crowd singing the "Mother Goose"
melody
';iiic-kiry, chlrickory. eratiey crow,
I went to the well to wash my toe," etc.
There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted aud many were rendered des
leratc by whisky and beer, which, from
excess of thirst in tlie absence of water,
they, .drank in great quantities, spread
themselves in every direction, a terror to
all they met.
It is fearful to think of tlie loss of life.
It is coujectured, and witli good cause,
that near hve hundred have been burn
ed to death. Four men entered a burning
building, and in a moment they were
overwhelmed by a falling wall. There
was a crowd of men around the corner
of a building, trying to save the propor-
erty, when the wall yielded, and some
of them were buried beneath it. These
were on the South Side. On tlie North
Side, twelve or fifteen men. women and
children rushed into the building of the
Historical Society, a. fire-proof building,
for safety, Iu a few-minutes tlie flames
burst up, and they were burned to
death.. Among them is the venerable
Col. Samuel Stone, long connected with
the Society. He was 80 years ot age.
Also John" B. Gerard and wife, Mile.
Depelgrone, a noted teacher of music,
perished. It is feared that Dr. Frear
add family also were burned, as they
were in the building and have not been
seen since. Mrs. Edsall, whose husband
jyas murdered last week, suffering from
illness, was carried away for protection
to a blinding which was aiterwaru con
sumed, and it is feared she also perished.
All the books add papers ofthe Histor
ical Society, including the original copy
of the famous emancipation proclamation
of President Lincoln, for which the so
ciety pam ?ao,000, were destroyed. It is
feared that large numbers of children,
iumates of the Catholic Orphan Asylum,
on State street, .were also burned, as
many of them are missing. On Chicago
avenue a father rushed up stairs to car
ry three children away, when he was
overtaKen py tne flames ami peaisned
with them. The mother was afterward
seen ou a street ou the Northwest Side,
a raving maniac. In the same neighborhood-;
a family of five liersons perished
The list of fatalities is very long, andean
only be fully verified after tlie smoke
shall have cleared away, There are
hundreds of families on that side whe
saved no clothing; but barely their lives:
among them is the family of Perrv
.Smith, formerly President of the North
western Railroad Company.
The. full extent of. the -losses and
casualties must as yet lie only estimated,
for nothing can lie known lor certainty,
The loss of property will probably not
fall short ot three hundred and fifty
millions. -Through the kindness of C.
II. Williams, ICso., of this place, we
have leen furnished with late files of
Hartford papers, from an examination of
w hich we cannot but think that there is
an unnecessary panic iu relation to the
effect of the Chicago fire upon the in
surance interests. While many com
panies mav lc crippled and many blotted
out, the majority will ride the storm and
nrove the uset illness ana oenents ot in
surance. Strange as it may appear, some
of the insurance companies ot that city
took more risks Sunday thau was before
known in a single day.. The people be
lieve in hie and nre insurance, and.ten
such disasters as has befallen Chicago
will not shake the. confidence of the peo
ple iu the heliet that insurance is both
safe and profitable. Of course some reek
less companies must go to the wall, but
there are many that will be able, it they
are allowed thirty, sixty or ninety days'
time, t meet their obligations. Such
companies as the latter will be known to
the public within a lew days.-
Although tlie fearful conflagration at
Chicago is not unprecedented in the
value ot property or the number ot
buildings destroyed, it must rank among
the most frightful fires on record. Car
thage suffered for seventeen days the
combined attacks, of the flames and its
Komau foes; ancient Rome was stripped
of its most splendid .edifices and rarest
treasures of literature,, and art,
it is believed, i. by tlie hand
of the imperial incendiary,
Nero; and Moscow, set on lire by its in
habitants to rid Kussian soil ofthe French
invaders, was so utterly destroyed that
only a tenth of its buildings remained.
The xaper walled structures of Jeddo,
and other cities of Japan aud the Asiatic
main land, have also fallen before swee
ing fires, aud many villages, both of the
old and new worlds, have, suffered great
er proportional losses. In this country,
however, the Chicago lire stands without
a rival.
The conflagration which visited New
York city, on the I Oth of December,
1835, and which was justly regarded as
one of the most frightful calamities of its
day, extended only over the first ward,
east of Broadway and below Wall street.
The number of buildings burned was
six hundred and forty-eight, mostly
stores; besides the Merchant's Exchange
and the South Dutch Church. The oth
er pro)ert.y consumed was vnlued at $18
000,000. The weather w as so cold that
the water froze in the engines, so that it
was almost impossible to work them.
Tho "Great Fire," which desolated
Loudon iu ltilHl, more nearly resembles
that of Chicago iu the course of the con
flagration and number of buildings des
troyed than any other in civilized coun
tries in comparatively modern times.
On the 2d of December, s the dead of
bight, flames burst from a baker's shop
id Pudding Lane, a locality surrounded
by wooden houses, and full of combusti
ble gran Is, Tho neighboring buildings
were soon in a blaze, and the tjre crossed
the bridge, near by, and St. Magnus'
church was soon co(isuiied. A strong
Wind was blowing, and the nennlu whose.
dwellings were In dagger were, hinre
pjiindt6)wqYnt)n'u'nuis than ti :t
tei'4 stopping the itr.Qgrt.t pf tlie. ypu
tjjtgf-athiil The next numiing, Sunday,
was a gloo'mv day iiidei'd.' Manv of (he
churches were In flames, and tlie wrilk
of destruction liad made such headway j
that no efforts to check it were of any
avail, (.hi Monday uight the fire was j
working its way against the wind along
Thames street eastward and westward j
into Walnut street. At Cornhill four
sheets of flame met each other and unit
ng. ioured into Cheapside. On Tuesday
St.. Paul s Cathedral and numberless
structures in adjoining streets were
burned. louds of bright vcllow smoke
hovered over the flames, the sun shining
through as red as blood. The conflagra
tion was now drawing near the suburbs.
Many houses thought safe were devoured
bv the flames and the inmates driven to
the fields. On Wednesday evening,
vrhen even the people of the villages
around the city were lieginning to trem
ble, the wind died away. The dishearten
ed citizens recovered a little of their
courage. 'and succeeded in checking the
fire, near Ixadenhall Market. Houses
were blown up. and m Ixithbury, Urojut
street, Coleman street, m the Temble
and in Holborn, their eflorts were crown
ed with success. The number of houses
destroyed in London seems as far as we
can judge at this writing, to be not far
Irom those burned m Chicago. The hre
pread over three hundred and seventy-
three acres. Thirteen thousaud two hun
dred buildings were consumed. More
churches and depots eighty-seven of the
lormer, and six of the latter were des
troyed than have probably met the same
fate in Chicago, The amount of prop
erty lost in London was estimated at
ilo.r30.500, about 153,500,000, a sum
much greater in the 17th than in the 19th
century. At. present values it would
equal $150,000,000.
l.cnls From Other Localities.
Ox Tuesday, last week, Ir. B. F. Luth
er, while at work on the new Town House,
Ilarpersfield. fell from a scaffold to the
ground, some fifteen feet, injuring hiin se
verely. He struck upon his head in a pile
of bricks, bruising one side of his face se
verely and breaking, as is thought, two of
his ribs. Genera Time.
People passing the residence of Mr. E.
1. Holden the past week must have no
ticed the nhenomenoh ot trees in full bloom
in the fall of the year. Two pear trees
which shed their leaves and fruit in con
sequence of the dry weather, have blos
somed for another crop. Oue of them was
fairly white with blossoms, and it is prop
er to note that this one was earlier and
more completely denuded of its leaves
than the other, which was but partially In
bloom. Ibid.
On Saturday last about 11 o'clock, Frank
Atkins, seven years old, son of D. J. At
kins, of this town, was so severely injured
by a car near the Planing Mill, that his
life was despaired of. The little fellow
was standing ou the end of a tie en the
north track, looking at a train moving from
the cast, when the war freight approached
from the west, the end of the head beam
on the locomotive striking him on the back
of the head. When taken up he was in
sensible, and so remained till Sunday
evening. Dr. Foster attended him, and
hinks the boy may recover. Ibid.
Mr. L. A. Pratt, of this town reports the
finding ofthe bony of a man on the shore
of the lake about one-half mile above Mad
ison dock, on Friday last. Our informant
did not give the apparent age of the per
son. In height he was about five feet, ten
inches; weight about 160 pounds; beard
dark sandy color, and on throat and chin;
teeth sound and white, the two front ones
quite wide: right arm marked with a
heart, in India ink. The body was clad in
a white and black checked shirt, dark
brown pants, with ribbed vest of same col
or, knit blouse, cotton overalls with patch
on one knee, and new calf boots, extra
soled. On the body was found a metal
comb and a round tin tobacco box, mark
ed on the inside with the point of a knife,
apparently, the initials, "W. A. A." It
was the opinion of Mr. P. that the body
had been in the water for some two weeks.
It was buried in the bank near where
found, by Mr. P. and citizens living near.
A general notice by lake papers may give
friends a clue to the identity of f he miss
ing man. Ibid.
Mr. E. P. Thorn has just concluded the
enumeration of school children in the
Union School District, as ordered by the
Board of Education. The result is a large
increase in the number, as the following
statement will show:
White.
Colored
.9.985
Total 3,o3
The largest number found in one familv
was eight. Three families had eight chil
dren ot school age. Two of these families
were German and one was Irish. Muftim
iwj lleqister.
A partial railroad survey between this
place and Burton, last week, resulted, as
we learn, in the abandonment of that route,
which was found to lie impracticable.
Gewi'ja DeiHix-rot.
The Temperance Society of this town-
slop held a meetm" on Monday evening
of last week, at the Middle School-house.
The original intention was, to have a dis
cussion, but, Mr. J. A.Briggs, now of New
York, being in town, it was decided to
frive the discussion the go-by, and Invite
31 r. Briggs to address the meeting: Mr. B.
commenced by saying that this little tem
perance meeting in a school house remin
ded him of the (lays of long, long ago, when
he, then a young man, with a few others,
whose eyes had begun to be opened to the
ev ds ot rtrunkeness then so prevalent, com
menced holding temperance meetings in
school houses. He was then living in
Willoughby. They held temperance meet
ings in that township, and in Kirtland,
Euclid, Brecksville, and in many other
places In that vicinity. Mr. Briggs said
that these were his first efforts as a public
speaker, He made the first temperance
speech that was ever made in the township
of Euclid. The first speech he ever made
in Cleveland was a temperance address,
delivered in the old Bethel Church at the
foot of Superior street. lie gave a very
interesting history of his efforts in the
temperance cause in those days, mention
ed many of the difficulties he had to en
counter, gave anecdotes, Are- and, near
the close of his address, said that, if he
had been of any use to his fellow-men, it
was owing, under God, to his efforts in
trying to make men 6ober. Ibid.
The Painesville Journal,
In establishing the Journal, the many diffi
culties and obstacles tbat stood in tlie way, were
fully considered, weighed, and compared with
the prospects for success. The results of the
past three months have more than justified the
highest hopes with regard to jhe patronage that
would be bestowed upon tlie undertaking.. At
the outset it was not intended to make the Jour
nal what is termed a '"local county organ," but
rather to furnish a paiH-r which would he able,
as far as practicable, to fill the place ofthe num
berless foreign publications that are yearly tak
en throughout this section, from other States aud
cities. To this end no pains wore spared in se
curing contributions from the boat writers of
this country, and in perfecting arrangements by
which the most couiplotesiimniaryof news, from
every quarter of the glolie, iniglil be furnished
each week. The narrower field of rouuty liter
ature was given its full space, hut it was hoped
that the Journal would be adjudged, that most
varied and necessary of visitants a good and
reliable Family Xarjttprr. It was impossible
to find any reason why our ow n portion of the
State could not furnish as cheap and tu perfect a
newspaper, as any other portion or as any other
State. The field was t'uthly tfcvoY(nnd the
Journal from tho very first number received a
favorable verdict upon its claims to supply the
want so long felt, starting in the dullest season
ofthe year, and with but a few over four hun
dred guaranteed subscribers, the books now
show a liannt-ilile list of nearly one thousand pa
trons, while the number is bciug constantly in
creased. 'fin's decided resiMinse, to tho iiiiestion
whether such a paper as the Jiiuh.nnl aimed to
be, should be sustained, has not only lieen'made
within the short time of twelve weeks, but has
also fully shown the feasibility of the enterprise.
In starting any business, but more especially
that ii! new-paper publication, there are always
more or less of annoying delays ami disappoint
ments, which will occur before the establish
ment can be brought into perfect running order.
The Journal lias had its share of these, audit
only at the end of this, the first iuarler, that
every-thing can be said to be sy.-teuiatiieil so as
to prevent mistakes and dehij Notwithstand
ing Ihe many nmk, of upp.iw al'tliat have al
roiu'y l(i-.tin glyen (he JquRNAi., yet constant
improvement will be striven for in every de
partment. To this end new i-i'iingeui.euls are
being mad? to incivase'tUe variety of its con
tents a.id Ihe extent of its veiuliuK. In. shorty V"
pains (,r tabor w 111 he spiucil to. retaiu. foe ihe
oi'rnal tlie position which is ulre.-idy accorded
to it that of the hest Family Paiier every pub
lished in this sertion of the country.
o
Reasons "why the Journal
Has Met with Such
Success.
I'irm. Because it is the Largest paper ever
published iu this county, and' because it fur
nishes each week nearly thkke columns
HUKE BEADIKl! than JL.L THE OTHER PAPERS
COMBINED.
Second. Because it lias a larger lit of contri
Butoas than any other paper in XortliemOhio.
Third. Because it is in evf.ky sense of the
word, a live paper," for live people."
Fourth. Because it is. in the broadest sense,
fair and independent upon all subjects, wheth
er Social, Religious or Political.
Fifth. Because its articles are all to the point,
aud its columns arc not filled with long anil
prosy essays devoid of all interest.
Sixth Because it gathers the news from all
quarters of the world, by telegraph aud
through its own special correspondents and re
porters, and condenses it into such brief shape
as to present a reliable mirror of all that is go
ing on in this and other countries.
Seventh Because its Market Reports of
Stock, grain, groceries and agricultural pro-
ducts, of home and foreign markets are always
reliable.
Eighth. Because it is a paper for the Home
Circle always having something for the young
folks, as well as for the old folks; something
lor the humorous as well as tor tlie thoughtful;
bometbing for the gentlemen as well as for the
ladies; in fact, something for all tastes.
Tlie Jockn al presents the greatest number of
regular and carefully edited departments of any
IKiper published in this section.
The Literary Department
Will always lie found filled with choice and
varied reading, either written expressly for the
.Toi'bnai. by the best authors ofthe land, or
earefully selected from the ablest home and for
eign publications. The srri a ls are exciting,
and free from any of the objectionable features
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essay:
upon Keliirious.Social or Political topics are able,
fair and liberal its numerous column quaint,
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected.
pure, chaste and ofthe highest order.
The Children Column.
Has already ocquired a reputation which was
well expressed by oue of the lady subscribers
who said "That one column alone was well
worth the whole price of subscription. Its
stories are pretty and inculcate the highest
morality."
The Keli prions News
is culled from the religious publications ofthe
whole world, and presents a brief but compre
beusive view of all that occurs of interest during
each week, together with such other items of
general religious information as are of interest
to all.
The Agricultural Column
Is carfully edited with a desire to always pres
ent reasonable suggestions and hints that will
benefit the Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricnltural interests.
The Column of Practical Hints
Is prepared with the greatest care, and will be
found to contain much information that will
be of use in the family and in the workshop.
No reeeipts are presented without first having
been practically tested, and hence may be re
lied upon.
The Editorials
Will always be fair and impartial. and as able as
the abilities of the editor will enable them to be.
The News of the Week
Is a department which is alone wortlijtlie full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
latest and most reliable news ofthe whole week,
collected from every part of the world. It
carefully prepared and arranged in States aud
Countries. The entire civilized world is repres
ented in the eolumn'devoted to this department,
and no other paper here presents in its entire
contents so great an amount of reliable informa-
tion m regard to the ilotngs everywhere as is
found in this oue department alone.
The markets
In all the principal cities from which produce is
received or to which it is sent, arc given up to the
latest hour of going to press and are always re-
liableand correct.
The Local News
Krom all parts of the County is .full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal arc able, and spare nolalxtrin col
lecting items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire,
The Columns of the Journal
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic
of public interest wnich contains no element of
personalities, and, although the editor will not
hold himself responsible for the views and opin
ions that may pe advanced, yet the contributors
nre at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their positions.
The JfouruaI
Iu short is a paper wherein Freedom of Speech,
Energy In Collecting News, firmness in Discus
sion and the broadest Lilwralily in all things will
alwavs be found.
0
LOO
FORI NOTHING.
Notwithstanding tlie large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upon tne Sub
scription Book of the Journal, it is hoped tbat
the next thirty days will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-five hundred
subscribers by the first of January are the least
that are expected, and in order to secure them,
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
Lists ever offered by any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves of.
To every new yearly subscriber, on and
after this date, will be presented a beautiful
Steel Plate Engraving,
SIZE 18x24-
The retail price of which is everywhere not
less than tt200.
Remember, This is not a premium offered,
in case you secure one or more new subscribers
aside from your own, but is a magnificent pres
ent made to each and every person who shall
subscribe to the Journal for one vear. The
picture itself cannot be bought for less money
than both picture aud paper are furnished for iu
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
want of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscription is made the sub
seribers ean taketheir choice.
0
$70.00
SEWING MACHINE.
Great Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of
TIIE PAINESVILLE JOURNAL
Want ins; a Perfect Sewing machine.
The celebrated Klias Howe sewing Machine is
known the world over as standing among the
few leading machines that mav be cnlled per
fect. There are so many good) Sewing Machines
made now-a-.lays, that is has been a dinlcuit
matter lo say which is the best. But we have
selected tho celebrated Howe Sewing Machine
to ofler as a premium, because we consider it,
lieyond a doubt, equal to the very bust, if not
superior to any Sewing Machine Made. Tho
reputation of this machine for simplicity, dura-
bilitv, rapidity of aetion, and hiving the tiest of
stitches, rauksCwitll thc verv best. This ma
chine, with walnut table, cover, and the modern
improvements sells at Seventy Dollars.
Wi! willprescnt suchjabnachine to any person
whowiil send us the names of One Hundred
aud Twenty-Five new subscribers, whirli,
at our usual rates 4&00 each, is $-J50.
We simply want the names, with the money.
of one tHitrlrrtl 'autl ttctnttf-fee jroMH who do
not take our paper, and who really subscribe for
it; they may be sent one at a time, or all togeth
er, they may be at one M)st-ot1ice, or more than
one we are only particular that they shall be
&f -A' v mw tmburribfrit. On this liberal olfer
we shall expect to send one of these iniU'speiisn
ble household articles into almost every town
ship in this county.
Persons intending to take advantagoof this of
fer, and sending the subkcriliers names as they
obtain them, will Uuit statu in each instance
thai llicy are sent, on this account.
All subscriptions sent uuder this offer must
begin with Ihe numlHir of the pK'r xtxr A iter
the RKCEirr or the honey.
lti'initlani-es must lw maid lv pnst-nnlce
money -oilier, bank check, w cxures (paid.)
taf 111 ojiler to present every iiossible in.
luceinent lo. tluise desiring tJ work fur this
premium. yi- ill add to Ihealawe uflVr, wnich
nit.seiris aluuist iiiparatejle, th tnllowhig:
lo. K.vt u ,x; ioHi"U!-.i tut: c Li u wt
WILL PRESENT A COPY OF ONE OF THE
STEEL PLATE ENGRAVINGS, WHICH SELL
AT $-2.00 APIECE. So tbat in presenting this
premium, our oiler stands as follows: to any- per-
on procuring us the names (and money) for one
hundred and twenty-live yearly subscribers to
the Journal, we will present a" Seventy Dollar
ias Howe Sewing Machine, and at the same
time will give to each of the persons belonging
to tbe club, a beautiful engraving, the price of
hich would be JUST THE SAME as the origi-
al subscription price to the paper, namely Two
Dollars.
$65.00
Sewing Machine
ALSO
G-I-VIEILSr AWAY.
Another splendid chance to any one desiring
to obtaiu a genuine
ELIAS HOWE SEWING MACHINE!
FOR NOTHING
To any person getting up a club of Oxx Hrs-
dred Yearly Subscribers, and forwarding
the price of subscription, 200, we will present
one of the justly celebrated Ellas Howe Sewing
Machines which sell at $65.00, and to EACH OF
the persons composing the club we will pre
sent a splendid steel-plate engravinu
which RETAILS at ft2.00. The only difference
between this club and the proceeding one is in
the value of the machine, and consequently in
the number of subscribers required. The ma-
chine for 65.00 is the same as that fortTO.OO ex
cept that one is provided with a cover and the
other is not. In every other particular the two
are identical.
Other Splendid Premiums.
WATCHES OF THE 1VORLD-
Renowned American Watch Ca
paari 3Ia.ke Given for New
Subscribers
TO .THK
PAINESVILLE JOURNAL.
As Follows.
To any person procuring FIFTY TXEW yearly
SUBSCRIBERS to the Journal, w31 be presen
ted one of the American Company-'
Sterling silver, Hunting; Case, ben
tlemen's Watches. These watches are
furnished with solid silver caps, and Will be
warranted as genuine American works, and sol
id Sterling Silver Cases. The Reculae Price
for the Watches is $40.00. As in all other
clubs, so in this will in order to enable those
getting up the lists to offer every inducement
also give to each one of the fifty persons compos
ing the club, one of the large Steel Plate En
gravings, 23x24, which retail at MAO, just the
subscription price of the paper itself.
To any person procuring Forty new yearly
subscribers to the Journal, we will present
watch precisely similar to the above in every re
spect, except the weight ofthe cases, and which
retaiU at 9.30.00, and as before an engraving
to each of the forty subscribers.
OTHER PREMIUMS
KOB
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works
BY TBE
BEST AUTHORS.
For Thirty new subscribers will be given
splendid copy of Webster's Unabridged
Dictionary, which sells at 1 2.60, and to
each ofthe thirty members of the club
one of the 42 XtO Engravings.
Or for thirty new Subscribers will be
given a full bound set of Diclten's Works,
which retail at 19.00, and a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Girls Magazine, the sub
scription price of which is S3.00, while an En
graving, valued at &2.00 will be given to each
ofthe club.
For twenty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two ofthe following
named magazines or papers: Cassell's Magazini
(monthly parts, reprint), price 3.50 per annum
Hearth and Home, weekly, price 2.00 per an
num; Home Journal, weekly, 3.00 pea annum
New York Ledger, weekly, price 3.00 per
The Rural New Torker, weekly, 3.00 per an
nura; Godey's Lady's Book, monthly, price 3.00
per annum, and each of the twenty in the club
will also be presented with a magnificent steel
plate engraving valued at2.00.
For ten subscribers a years subscription to
any one. of the magazines or papers named
above, will be given to the getter up of the club
and an Engraving to each member of tbe club.
For Five subscribers, an Engraving as above
and the Journal for one year will be sent
to the getter up of the club, and an Engraving
to each one of the other five composing the club.
READ THIS.
As a great many persons desire to secure
one or more magazines and papers at the same
time, arrangements have been made, by which
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
the other publications of the day, on terms so
favorable, as to afford an opportunity, but sel
dom met with, to secure them.
The Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary magazine of tbe country,
price Four Dollars will be sent for one
year together with the Journal price tw
Dollars and an engraving also worth Two
Dollarsto any person who will forward Five
Dollars; or we will send the Atlantic for one
year and the engraving to any one who will
send us twelve new subscribers to the Journal
together with the money.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy and readable.
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented and liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piquant and interesting.
Scribner's Monthly,
Earnest, capable and unbiased.
Lippincott's Magazine,
Ever filled with varied and rare gems. Price
of the above magazines, Four Dollars each.
Each ofthe above magazines will be sent for
one year together with the Journal, price Two
Dollars, and an engraving also worth Two Dot
lars, to any person who will forward Five Dol
lars; or we will send any of the magazines for
one year and the engraving to any one who
will send us twelve new subscribers to the
Journal, togeth er with tbe money.
WEEKLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription price
Two Dollars an engraving worth Two Dollars
together with
Tbe American Citizen, price (3.00, for
Appletnn's Journal, price 4.00, for 6.50.
The Clipper, (sporting) prico 5.00 for 6.50,
Frank Jeslie's Illustrated
Newspaper, price 4.00 for B.50.
Frank Leslie's Chimney
Corner, price 4.00 for 0.50.
Frank Leslie's Boy'snd Girl's
eekly, price a.60 for 3.15.
Harper s Bazaar, price 4.00 for 5.75.
Harper's Weekly, price 4.00 for 5.75.
New York Ledger, prico 3.00 for 4.25.
Protestant Churchman, price 4.00 for 4.75.
Scientific Americ.au, price 3.00 for 4.75.
New York Weekly Times, price S.00 for 3.50.
New York W'klvTribune,prirex.0O for. S.S5.
New York Weekly, price 3.00 for 4.S5.
Kvery Saturday, price 5.00 for 5.80.
Toledo Blade, price S.00 for 3.45.
Monthlies.
We will send the Journal subscription price
Two Dollars one splendid steel Engraving
wortn two Hollars together with:
Blackwood's (Reprint), price 4.00 for. 5.S5,
Frank Leslie's I. ai lie's. Maza-
sine, price S.50 for 5.45.
American Luw Register, price 5.00 for a. 50.
Lady's Repository, price 8.50 for 5.00.
Our Young Folk's; price z.00for 3.75.
Peterson's Magazine, price S.00 for 3.50.
Quarterlies.
We will send the Journal subscription price
Two Dollars an engraving, Ac, together with:
Edinburgh Review. (Reprint) price 4.00 for 5.00.
London Quarterly Review, price 4.00 for 5.00.
North British Review, prh-e 4.00 for 5.00.
W estministvr Review, price 4.00 for 6.00.
Foreign Weeklies.
We i semi the Journal subscription price
Two Dollars hu engraviug worth Two Dullars
together with:
Atbeiuvuiu, prtve 11 uo for 10.00,
Bells Life, price 10.00 for 10.00.
Siwctatnr, price 15juo for 14 OU.
Art Journal (monthly) price 15.00 lor 14.00,
Any other publication in Eunqie or A uxertca
cau be fui-uiUed at like reasouaste wtts.
FINANCIAL.
HIO.-VKY MARKET.
;y Paikesville, October 08 P. M.
Money is very close. The Jocal Market is
strong.
Eastern Exchange Easy.
Gold in Kew York at U4;.
Government Stocks dull. Lake Shore 10GX
First National Bank would call special atten
tion to the 1 3-10 Northern Panic Railroad Bonds
for sale bv them GoUl Interttt.
Persons holding 5-30 bonds of 1862, first series,
tliat are now called in for payment by the gov
ernment can exchange for late issues of bonds to
their advantage at the First National Bank.
Buying. Selling
Gold 113
ver larsre
Silver small
Sixes of 1H81 cnon 117
118
110
llli
11U
115
115
I ive-Twenties (18KS) eou lis
ive-renties con ii.
Five-Twenties (18R5) eou. (old).. J15
Five-Twenties (1SB5) Jan. July .,114
i-;.-u T Moi-- ii.
114
Five-Twenties (1868) WW
114
115
112
Ten -Forties f
8ixs Currency.....
Ill
114JT lJf
COMMERCIAL.
PAINESVILLE MARKET,
Journal Office, Oct. 13-6 P. Ml
Our reports are all made up to this (Saturday)
morning, ami include the latest quotations from
the various point where markets are given.
Flour and Feed Market is active with an up
ward tendency. Flour lias advanced 50c per hbL
Wheat and Corn Market is also active with as
upward tendency.
Oats, Rye and Barley naminal.
The general tendency of the Provision Market
is upward.
Buying.
XX Spring Wheat Flour.
Selling.
90
7 00
ft 00
B 00
5 00
a a km winter no
XXX Amber do
XXX White do
Bye do
Graham Flour per cwt
4 00
1 09
1 vo
s oo
is 00
e so
5 40
0
Corn Meal, car
1 (SOcwt
I oO cwt
Chop Feed, car.
Salt, perbbl
i AiacKerei, per fi dm
So. 1 White Fish, per x bbl
no. i irout, per ;i oui.
Potatoes, car
60 stare
.1 3&CA1 45
White Wheat, new......
Bed Wheat
Rve
Corn, shelled:
Corn, ear
Buckwheat
Oats,
05
ti
35
90
10
13
40

14
15
1
1
13-
nutter
Lard.....
Cheese
Tallow
Chickens, lb
Hams.
Shoulders.
14
;5&
60087 00
.1 953 00
nresseu nogs
Beef.
Eggs......
Beans
35
8 i5
Dried Annies
Green Apples
Hay.....;...
Quinces.........
5U300
75
1 001 60 1 Wl -B
CleTelaaa.
Cleveland, Oct. 1.
The following are the wholesale selling prices
which are carefully revised and corrected. The
report of the sales of grain always indicates the
price from store unless otherwise designated:
Floub The market is steady and unchanged.
We quote as follows:
City-made XXX white......'.,
8 S68 50
T 15i8 00
v. t sSTOTNl
t WXg)l 35
aa smDer....
XXredNo.1......
X red No.
AX Boring.
Country -made XX white.....
aa rea
XX amber..........
Xred.. v.
Rve Floue Quiet, at 5,00.
Wheat In good demand, sales No. 1 red 1 43;
No. 8 do. held at 1 40. t
Cobs Quiet at 6Sc for low mixed; tile for
high mixed.
Oats In fair demand but irregular; sales at
3940c for No, 1 State.
Bye Steady held at T5c for No. S.
Babley The Market is quiet and steady;
held at a range of 85(81,00 for good to prime Ohio
and Canada.
Poke Quiet; demand good; 18,00 for No. 1
Hess; 12,50 for No. S do; 14,00 lor Extra Clear;
14,50 for Extra Short Clear.
Laud Tlie market is quiet aud steady; city
rendered lOo in kegs; uic in tierces. Country
rendered 4lc below these figures.
BEEFThe demand is light and the market
dull held at IS 0U1S for Extra Mess.
Butties The market is Arm and demand good
for choice at SlSSc; good to prime quiet at 15
S0c; inferior to common I018c
Cheese The stock is light and the market
very Ins; held at 1314e for good to prime fac
tory in. large lots; 14o for choice selected is
asmall way.
Eooa There is a fair demand and the market
is steady at S5c for fresh receipts.
Potatoes In active demand and firm at 00(9
65 from store; 5560 for car lots on track; ac
cording to quality.
Onions Dull and heavy; nominal buying
rates are 05c for Silver Skins; OOo for red.
Poultey There is an active demand for live
atl0llc per pound for chickens'; lS13.c fin-
ducks; spring chickens SS35c each.
Jeeen Apples There is a good demand for
sound fruit and the market is firm and ateady at
S 50(t3 SO per barrel.
Sweet Pot atoes The market is well supplied
and weak; held at S S53 50 for Jerseys.
Cincinnati,
Cincinnati, Oct. 18.
Cotton Dull; low middling at 19c.
FLOl'B Demand good at full prices; family at
6 7&7 00.
Wheat Demand fair; red at 1 40(31 45,
Cobn Scarce and Arm at 53c 1
Bvs Demand fair at 808Sc
OATS-Steady at 8540c.
Babley Finn at 7085
Groceries Demand fair and firm.
Lard Oil Demand good at 75(i78.
Esaa Scarce and firm at asc
Bctteb Scarce and arm, at 313Sc.
Cheese At 14l4)ic
Clover Seed dull and drooping at 10 OOftt
10 86.
Timkothy Seed At 00S SS.
Pobb Steady at lSc
Labd Demand light but holders it rat 9 ','c
Suouldebs At Jic,
Sides At 7J and 7Jfc
Bacon Demand fair as regards whoulders
and sides;, sold at 7Jic; clearly c
Whisky Scarce and flnu at Wjc.
Cnicajrn.
C'HIUaeo. Oct. 1&.
FLOCBSteady.
Wheat No. S spring closed at 1 IBS; seller
October.
Corn Active; Ko. a mixed closed at 4X(
46C.
Oats Xo. 29;i39'c
Bye No. Sat 640,
Bablby At58.se for Nk9 Spring.
HiOHWISKS At
Provisions Quiet.
Mess Poke At iSSlS.H'o.
Lakd-At 8io.
Shoulders--At Oc
Hons Hogs 4 101 45.
Cattle Dull.
Tolesl.
Toledo, Oct 18.
Floub Firm and in fair demand.
Wheat Demand fair and advanced KgAc;
No. 3 white Wabash 1 S8; No. 1 white Michigan
1 98; amber Michigan at 1 44(01 411 V No. 9 ami
ber Illinois 1 46; No. 1 red at 1 44; No. S do
1 S8l 89.
Corn High mixed 57c; low do 57,vc; yellow
55c 1 i
Oats Steady and in moderate demand: No. a
at87i c;Micbiganil9c. ..i.i.
Executors Sale.
Not ice is hereby given that the subscriber has
been dulv aotiolnted mud mutliriMl m.vwh.
tor.ou the estate of Seymour H. Rexford, late of
"iot, uirv vouniy, aerensen.
Dated at Von cord. Ohio, this 30th dav of Oct
1H71. James M. Wells.
14 tr-i.
C H. WHEELER,
BOOTS and SHOES.
HAVING removed to 108 Main street, I have
enlarged my capacities so that I am now
able to manufacture anything in the custom line.
I have also iust received from the best nLtm
factories a stock of first-quality Boots and Shoes
for fall and winter wear which cannot be sur
passed in this city. lon't forget 108 Maiu St.,
North side, siaru of the Red Boot. Ramiri.
done on short notice. llarl
Facts Will Slio-vr.
However men may disagree.
As many do, we know.
In some things they alike b see,
As many facts will show.
In politics men diifcr wide.
Ana in religion too,
And iu some other tilings beside,
Which they've a richt to lo:
Bui many boys and girls, wheu tney ued Books
"I1! 'ua, i-euciis a school outfit complete,
Agrse to buy tueui at ColbyXstore,
seventy-two Main Street.
So ooineono and all, both great aud small,
maiier wnat you taint,
A nd look at C oluy S. Wall I'aper,
Window Sfcariti. Books. Albums.
forget to lauuire for the Diaries for 11. Moll.
days ioU will beoa band in due season. If
yW do. sot buy yon will ttud It a wry goed place
IA post up In prices.
M. II. COt.HV.
itf:
PEOPLE'S
i t. 'i 'A A I.
DEPOT
OYSTER
19 SOW OPEN AT
No. 99 BANK STREET,
Where Jtslkept constantly on hand a fiill supply
oi uie louowiug articles,
CAN,
COUNT,
QUART AND SHELL
Oysters, Clams, Lobsters, Shrimps, Eels,
Familie. Parties. Restaurants and' Ho
tels supplied at the lowest price and at the
soonest possime notice.
JY B. MrLAFGHLIX.
lStft
ELIAS H O "W 352-
H. F. MCaiN.VESS. ZKXST BUFFING
F. E. MCOINNE88.
McGINNESS, KUFFINI CO.,
ITT
SUPERIOR BTRERT,
Cleveland, Ohio,
MANUFACTURERS OF SILK AXJ
cassimere;
JE31 ATS,
and dealers is
Hats, Caps, Furs, Gloves, Umbrellas, Trunks,
Valises and Traveling Bags.
Particular attention paid to
the making,
altering and repairing
of"
-cb r ladies; furs.
ELIAS. HO"WE.
PATRONIZE (HOME INSTITUTIONS
JUST ESTABLISHED
THE EXCELSIOR
BOOK BINDERY
AND
Blank BooTtManiify
Having Just purchased the latest imtroT4
machinery of every kind Jor-eondaeting tuw
ousniesB, we are now praparca v mimiacinr.
to order, on short notice, for the sseof railroads
banks, incorporated companies,. alnnB and ind i'
viduals, every variety of Blank Books, ranging:
in size irom a rase isook to a super Koyai, ne
ighed in tbe very best styles of the art.
We make a specialty of furnishing County
Blanks, Justices' Dockets and Legal Blanks of
every kind.
Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Way
Bills, Ac, of any aud every quality, cut to order
and ruled in any conceivable style desired.
Printers furnished with the above in quantities
to suit, and at prices as low as tbe lowest.
Magazines, Periodicals, and all kinds of prin
ter's work bound on short notice and at prices to
suit,
Bibles and old books rebound. Book Binders'
stock on hand and for sale a wholesalcfprices.
MR. ANDREW KESSLER,
Wbobas had fifteen years' experience in the
cities of New York and Cleveland, as a book
binder, has charge of the mechanical depart
ment. Mr. Kessler came to us with the very
highest recommendations from practical men,
which we consider a sumciest guarantee that
all work entrusted to us will be done is a satis
factory manner.
We have as good workmen, as mmptrtt and
belter outfit of machinery, and buy our stock iu
large quantities and as low as any similar estab
lishment in Northern Ohio (Cleveland included),
and can compete with any of then is quality aud
prices of work, .4.
Checks, Bands and Drafts numbered os short
notice.
Call and examine styles and prioes.
Office, Room No. S, up stairs, is Parmly's new
block, on State street, Painesville, Ohio. Manu
factory, Room No. 6 same building.
Wilson jomrsoir.
5fk61-3
ELIAS HOWE-
1871.
1ST1.
MEAD
PAYNE,
MANCPACTrBEBS AND BEALKB8 I
CABI1TET WABE
Nor. El and S3 Main STrrk
PAINESVILLE, OHIO,'
Have constantly on band a well-selected'
sortmentof j
PARLOR AND CHAMBER SKTsi lETTE-A-TKTF.S,
SOFAS, SOFA CHAIRS, EASY
CHAIRS, IXlt'NGFJS, MARBLE, MA
HOGANY AND WALNUT TOP
center ar-ATTrrreFg
EXTENSION AND DINING' BOOM TJbBTKS,
UliSH, CANK WOOD SEAT CHAIRS, WO
VEN WIRE MATTRESSES, luxurinss
aud durable, BOOK-CASES, MIB
KORK, HPRINO BEDS, WilAT-
NUTS. rOLUINU CHAIRS,
t-i
We have added to our ftmier Watv Seems the
rooms No 51 Mala street, whick. gives us in
creased facilities for doing business. CJive us a
call. No trouble to show goods.
D. W. MEAD.
GEOCfT. JPATXE.
ltfS
ELIAS
:o"WE
No. 169 State Street.
E. A. M I Dl O IT
dealer is
Groceries of all Kinds
FLOV..R, PRODUCE, SPICES,
and particularly is 'A
Hvwj Variety of TEAS.-

Oosu petition rendered! useless by lh
GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES!
The highest pri. je paid for'.
ALL KINDS OF PRODUCE.
If you have Butter,. Rkss er anv other kiud ol'
arm 1'roducts to w..li;.drt mil to carry lliem
to No. ltts state stmai.. whrra the Higtwe4 lah'
Price is always 1L.
If you have anx 'Mitar, Flour, iJofee, m anv
other kind of Usvset ilh-, lrhii h vou want to u'..
don't fail to rakla -Vo. 4s State straek ben.re
purchasing et.sura,a you will always nu.l
goods sold tuatvoal the Lowest. Cash Prior.
Many desswvs have raw fe to say about the su
perior qolu-orHae 1V sold by tlnuu. Now
listen tovuiwurd. l'o.i lively the largest stock
of 'leas whwi ran be f und at J. K AmhtoaV.
No. Itat Stain street, and at prims ak will be
guanuttoed, at os&t K -r rvnt. lower tiiau at -auy
oatuur place iu town fur the same quality.
as Mour. the choicest ami best brands alwavs
USt,0!Lib.-Kl- JwA luk! For lgbt 4oIUV
lor ten dollars at any other Store.
1 it sad
'Remember tbe louatioii. No. 11a
j Maiu Street.
Jlttsl-. r