The Dally Intelligencer, y y 4 M U The Weekly Intelligencer
FREW, HAQANB t, HALL, El7 I* AA I g% V '^llf 1^1 I f CUHKBiT^g, UTJW
Jl^rZ: vHf fly fly ?111111 Ji li U11111 111! FT.
gSa 1S >49 ?o.i?Tnwmii,
^uwlb^ffi?'^ s -i
i Club* of Ten 18 00
vol. xx. wheeling wva Monday morning, November 131871 no 70 ^S^=;=is
Biz month*. In advance, 1W An(j to gutting Qp ciub,
T*hr** month*. In advanc*,.. 100 FoaUnaaUw aro requested to act a* Anient*.
?fofMfyww.
K. Commercial Sngfestioa Affecting
the Permanent Seat.
A. correspondent of the Charleston
Journal, complaining of the dilapidated
uurroundings about the Bute House, and
suggesting numerous reasons for them,
indirectly blaming the present titato oftlcials,
asks:
"Or is there a more remote interest to
lie subserved, by making the present locating
or the Capitol look as squalid as
possible, to facilitate thu removal of the
Capital of the! tilulo to another locality?"
Noticing tliis, tlio Monroe County Orgitler
says pointedly:
You hit tho mark tlioro at last; the
idea is, to trade it utl to the Northwest in
cichange for the tira wee and the Interim!
Improvement robberies."
We don't know what bargains tlio preaLu
t representatives of the Northwest"
limy be capablo of, hut we don't believe
tlio people of this quarter want to make
any such trade. Tho Internal Improvement
robberies would cost us infinitely
more than the capital ever would bo worth
to lis.
Tim rumored burial or the hutchct between
Benator Fknton und Collector
Mi'UJ'iiv has no better Inundation tbau
tliis: that they accidentally met at tho
house of a mutual friend and recognized
etch other as gentlemen, as the laws ol
l?litencss obliged them to do under tho
circumstances.
Murderer Menlenced at Weston.
H|*f U1 to tllu Intvlllsoncur.
Wbbton, W. Va., Nov. 11.?Ilcnry
Montgomery, an accomplice with Ezra
nruifl in tho inunlering of Edward West,
in thin county, in May, 1870, wus to-day 1
convicted and sentenced to be imprisoned
lor lite in tho Btato penitentiary.
Weather Report.
Wa* Department,
Oftici or the Chief Bibmal OrrioiR,
Wabuinstom, D. C., Not. IS?7:30 r. m. t
PI1011ABILITIR8.
TUe barometer will probably continue i
high with clear weather to night, followed
hy cloudv weather on Monday in the Mid*
illj nnd Eastern States. Cloudy and rainy
wrutlier will extend very generally over 1
tho Missiiwlnpi vailey and eastward over
thuOhio valley and Lake Huron, and increasing
Houthoaaierly winds on Lake
Michigan tonight. Elsewheredangerous
wi iiiIh are not anticipated. Tho cautionary
Hi?imh aro ordered for this evening at Chi*
Arrest or llnsworlta's Minstrel* at
Louisville.
ldtlisviLi.lt, Not. 12.?Mesara. OrHfln,
UnwiirUi and Eugene, proprietors of the
I'niworth Minstrels, from Now York city,
were arrested and lodged in jail last nlglit,
mi ii bail writ sued out by their agent N.
II. Huberts, (or f2<JU back pay salary and
ii [intiling bill. Tlio account waa not disputed
by the showinon, but they refused
til |my tlio printing bill to Holierta Instead
oftotho printer. A watch and diamond
ring were pledged with >140 In cash and
tli? parties were released. They lelt toil?y
for Harlem, N. Y.
(irn. Palmer, of Illinois, Responds
ton Kentucky Indictment.
liOtiisvu.l.K, Nov. 12? It haa transpired
here ihnt during the timo that tien. Palmer
commanded the Department of Kentucky,
and while martial law was iu full
iurce. lie was indicted bv the Grand Jurv
iii this city, lor lolony, under tin; State I
law, to wit: Stealing negroes. General I
IWmer responded to tbo summons of tlie
cntirt, and pleaded guilty to the indictment,
because lie believed In the subordinutlon
ol the military to tbo civil power
i>l Ibe government.. This may servo to
Mjilain Ills course towards Gen. Sheridan
In Illinois. j
Nuiclde of Fleeced (Jnmbler.
Sr( Lowb, Mo., Nov. 11.?Louis Van-
ileiliook, of Chicago, a passenger ou the
cMtcrn bound train from Kansas City, on
the Missouri Pacific Railroad, shot liim?lf,
yesterday morning, inllictlng a fatal
wound, Ho Wai> loft at Holden, Mo,,
whure he received medical attention, Ho
liiwl been playing three card monto on the
train, and la supposed to bavo lost heavily.
Arnault by Roughs at Norfolk,
Nohfoi.k, Va., Nov. 12.?Two negroes
were slightly wounded and a negro police
111 nit killed, oy a pnriy 01 rougns iiifli
nlijht. Tho wounded negroes were at-
In ked by the toughs, and flio policeman
interfered to protect tlicin. Hcveral per?>m
implicated have been arreted.
Vesicl Rank III Lake Erie.
ti.RVRi.AND, Nov. It,?A dispatch reeei??l
this morning from Madison, forty
niilm east ot tills city, reports a vessel
sunk about two miles fromslioro and three
men lushed to the cross trees. A tug has
none from here lo their assistance. The
name of the vessel is not known.
A Wile Poisoner Pardoned.
Auianv, November 11.?Gov. ltollman
Iiai pardoned Benjamin Teachout, sentenced
to lie hanged in Wyoming county
l?r poisoning his wile. New evidence hna
l?n received which throws doubt on his
guilt. _
Hmatl-Poi III Phlladelpkla.
I'mUbKl.ritlA, November II.?The
lietlth re|*irt to day shows that thers
no iitm hundred deaths from small pox
'hiring the week. The number of cases
under treatment have largely decreased.
I'eath or a Prominent Cleveland".
Ci.Rvrl.Atro, Nov. 11.?Ocorgo Worth
"lion, it rami prominent cmten ot una
died last night. Tlio deceased wu
J' tlio head of Iho large hardware houso of
llmrno Worthington Oo.
Tkr Murderer of llnlatead Hentrhrrd.
Nkwakk, N. .1., Not. 11.?Oeo. llotts
sentenced to day to bo hung on the
I lit nt Dsccmber, for the murder of Oliver
P lUlltcad. An exception to the senI'ihm
Iim been tiled.
Murderer Sentenced at Memphis*
Mumphh, Not. 11.?Early Etison was
to day sentenced by Judge Flipper, to bo
Mniteil on the 20th of December, for
murdering Ed. I.yle, last spring.
Tlic New Vork I,e?lilntnrc.
Nsw Yonit, Not. 11.?Tho latest olect?n
reports tlve the Hepnbllcana98 TOtea
'Mho Assembly, against DO Democrats.
BY TELEGRAPH.
A.SSOOIATBD PRESS HBPOBT.
Exilunlroljf to the Iatelllgeaccr.

(By Uto Wefltorn Union Lice.
Office NortUweat cor. oI Main and Monroe sta.)
NEW VOBK CITY.
Tweed Ooing to Bun Away.
Thorough Work to lw Made of
Llin AUfjCttll D1RUHV.
The Tribulation of Jim risk.
Alurpliy nud I'enton Not Reconciled.
CONTKMrr.ATEI) FLIOirr OK TWKKII.
Naw yonii, Nov. 11.?There are rumurs
current that Tweed In nmlituLuijf
lllght. Tho Bureau ol Municipal Corporatiou,
composed of Charles Connor and
Lis associates, who are prosecuting tlic cit;
plunderers, have information to 11) id ellect,
in view ol his having transferred io much
ol bis property. There U overwhelming
evidence against him, ai well In reference
to tho Krlo Itailway frauds, aa those against
the city. It is contemplated on the part oi
the Atlorney General to ask an incronse of
bis bull. As yet no answer has hecn put
in in Tweed's case. Mo notice of appearance
wua received yesterday. The deputation
uf worltlngmcn who waited on
Tweed concerning their pay, were treated
with much obsequiousness, Tweed proming
that the pay-roils should be made out
lorthwlth.
Tbe Tribune, commenting on the sub
ject of Tweed's Uight, Buys: "To let him
iscupo now, would bo to low the fruits of
the Into victory, and that hla punishment
st hard labor lu tho btato prison lor the
rest ol bis life is demanded by evory consideration
of public and political morality.
With lua incarceration only will the
people bo aatklled.
TIIK AUUKAN STABLES TO UK TIIOROUOHI.Y
CI.KANIII).
Krom the statements of Mayor Hall,
several aldermen and newspaper reporters,
it appoars that the old Hoard of
Aldermen have determined to contest the
genu or lliu newly elected bourd, and that
thu Mayor will Btaml by the present
hoard Thia dispute, however, should It
ariae, will bo nettled on the meeting of
tho legislature, when a thorough reorganization
ol municipal affairs will be
intuit), lima art) using iiy lilt;
Uommllteo ol Seventy abulishing tlie
utlleen now held by Tammany or corrupt
men In Mow York ami llrooklyn, Irnni
tbe Judiciary down to tbo police. Nothing
Bliort of a clean sweep will bo satisfactory.
Binno tbe return of Ingersoli, tbo coilefendent
in tbo Tweed suit, bo baa
been concealed in bis iactory up town.
It Is reported tbat the persons wbo promised
to become bla bondsmen have backed
jut. Tlio Slicrlll will probably act on tbo
new order lor bis arrest to-day.
It ia definitely settled that Woodward
lias llod beyond tbo roach ol any legal
process.
Tbo resignation of Isaac Doll as ono ?l
tbo Commissioners of Public Instruction
is announooti.
Ei-Judgo Barrett denies that lie was
;>ald a counsel fee of $10,000 for bis conlection
with tbo reform movoment. lie
received in all only about $1,000 for liia
professional services.
ANOTTIBR BWIHULK DISCOVKRJU).
Among the awlndlea upon tlio city
which the Hlng ia reported to bave dorlsed
Is tho paving itreela under contract
with tbe city means, under which prop rtv
owners are charged at exorbitant
ate? for Inferior pavement. One of
iheao contractor! Is one Guidet, who waa
recently selected on the jury which Barnml
dismissed.
TUOBK JIM riSK LETTERS.
In tho Klsk-Manslleld Injunction suit
Judge Pratt, of Brooklyn, on tho sixth of
November, granted tho application of tho
Jefondant to change tho placo of trial to
Now Vork. The case accordingly was
brought up yesterday before Judge Brady
of thia city, of whom the Eric ring has always
been In dread. When this becafno
known Judge Pratt was again appealed to
who thereon issued another order recalling
tho writ and deferring the time of trial
nearly t hreo months. The counsel for tho
defendants think this action is unprecedented.
The letters which Fisk seeks
10 suppress by these proceedings will
cause n sensation when brought to light
Besides furnishing evidence against the
rogues, they have somewhat of in interest
from tho amorous and racy stylo in which
Ihey are written.
THE I1R00KLTN FRAUDS.
Tho meeting of the cltltens ol BrookJ'
n last night was the largest over held in
at city, and tho tono of tho speakers
throughout waa of a character against all
kinds of official thieving. Tho intimations
Irom several speakers that the lamp
posts should bo ornamented with the
bodies of repeaters and ballot-box stuflera
elicited enthusiastic cheering. A comtnittco
was appointed to collect evidence,
and promised every pecuniary, moral and
physical aid necessary.
The Marino Court of this city has been
compelled to adjourn from day to day,
i HIT I! living IIU Iiiuvisitiii w ncup iim
rontiu heated.
AN RXCLUBIVB VOTB.
A lawyer named Darling, promises to
glva $350 to Assemblyman olect Klekln, If
bo can produce Hie affidavits ?f twentyllyc
men, not employed in New York city,
wlin voted for lilm. The count ?bowi
that Fluids got 2,218 votes.
TUT MlJRrHY-KRNTON TJUJOB DBHIBD.
It h not true that Senator Kenton and
Collector Murphy liare become reconciled.
James Quimby, a counterfeiter, baa been
sontenced to Ave years Imprisonment In
tbo penitentiary.
A HOLM ItOnUBItT.
At noon to day TTcnry A. Oolyer, a
watchmaker, No. 80 Nassau street, left bla
store In cliargo of a hoy aged seven yearn,
and during liU alisonce three men entered
the store, lied the boy's legs, lorced gag
In his mouth, and robbed It of f2,000
worth of watches.
lm: ...1 fliMtavn Afar have hern nrnuit
ted on the clmrge ol smuggling. They
were (lommnnlsts of Paris, and came lo
this city with over |S,000 Worth ol diamonds
secreted about their person*, and
on landing they were suspected of smuggliog.
Deputy Comptroller (Ireen to-day began
lo Issue warrants. Serein! of the
clcrki get their pay ol September, and the
utricles* scrutiny Is exercised oterthepay
rolls.
niramim woman's assocutioh.
In Brooklyn,* Business Woman's Union
Association has been organised, the object
of wlilch is to provide comfortable homee
at a moderate coat, anil educational advantages
for women who support themselves.
SMALLPOX.
The City Sanitary Inspector reports
that thero were seven new cases of smallpox
since yesterday in various purls of
the city, ll is feared that it may becomo
epidemic here, as thero are now fortytwo
coses in the city.
firncst Kanp has been sentenced to
two years ana six months imprisonment
in the penitentiary, and Win. II. Rhody
to eight years' imprisonment. Both were
con liter lei tern.
The subscriptions to aid tho suitors in
the West, reserved by the Chamber ol
Commerce Jteliel Committee, from November
Uth to November 1Mb, amount to
$138,01)8, making a grand total of $881
liNii <i7 received thus far.
Up to to-night lugcreoll had not been arrested.
The election returns lor tho 21st Ward,
lirooklyn, which hud been .stolen Iroin
the city clerk'p office, have been returned,
they huviug been nlucod by parlies unknown
in the clerk a office.
The many discharges of tho Tamnumy
sinecurlats made by Deputy Comptroller
Green led tho organization without its
working force of repeaters on election
day. Perhaps in all the several thousand
names that have been dropped from tho
city pay rolls since tho uppointment of
Deputy Comptroller Green, many of these
slnecurists have been receiving pay solely
for electioneering purposes. Tho inability
of Tammany to furnish funds to
this class deprived their party of many
thousand votes.
Tho oommUtic appointed to investif;atc
tho alleged election frauds in Hrookyn
is said to havo mudo startling discoveries.
Tho testimony will not bo
made public until action hns been taken
against tho guilty parties. Tho police
men arc said to Ittivo thrown awny hondaful
of tickets.
Nkw Vohk, November 11?Arrived,
tlio steamers Cily ot New York and
Queen, from Liverpool, and Europe, frnui
Glasgow.
Nkw Youk, November 12.?Olmrlea
O't'onner mid yesterday that Tweed wan
taking all tho preliminary steps tlint a
man could take when seeking to elude
Justice by a Might to a foreign land. The
police would not be very active in arresting
him even now, if tlio Committee of
Seventy could give them power, and
would not help u> by Information of his
movements. O'Conner believed that
Tweed would certainly lly and tbcro are
not many lni|>edlinenlb in ilia way. lie
thinks he would bu tiio only prominent
criminal that would quit tho country, but
wherever they go in Europe they will tlnd
they can't remain with Impunity. They
would bo lollowed wherever the law can
follow. As to Fields, his seat In the Assembly
would bu disputed on tho ground
of fratttl In the election, of which lite proof
is so abundant that Horatio Seymour will
surely take the seat.
The charter lias already been drafted
for submission to tho Legislature. It will
provide a more just government for tho
jxtople. As to the difficulty about tho alIdermen
the Mayor need not trouble himself
about it, as in January, In any case,
UIU nuwiy uieuuxi /vmuiuii-u win uu uiu
Aldermen, and all points ol law will bo
swept away.
Faint's Irving In a published statement,
Bays: "I know nothing about the assault
on Dowly for which he was arrested: 1
don't know that 1 oyer Baw Dowly; was
not near the Iracas and did not recognize
any parties concerned in it. lie thinks
tho action against him is for tho purpose
or persecution and that he wus badly
treated by tho United Btates authorities
on that day.
Mrs. J. O. Ives, a young married lady,
residing at l,afayotto avenue, Brooklyn,
committed suicldo by jumping from aBicon
d Btory window on Friday. 8I10 was
sullorlng from puroporal fever.
Frederick Sturmfcl, a Gorman, aged 50
years, committed Buicido in Iront ol Trinity
Church this afternoon/by swallowing
a quantity of muriatic acid.
The 47th anniversary of tho N?W York
Bible Society was celebrated this evening.
Tho annual report shows tho Bibles, testaments,
&c., to Do valued at $18,072, Isfued
during tno year: Uio receipt* ni uio year,
*21,020; expenditures,
New York, Not. 12.?Wo are indebted
to the llerald for the annexed particulars
of the reception of the Abrcck: At
daybreak a stance vessel was made out, 1
and the Btara and Stripes were run up by
tho Congress, which was responded to by
the blue Hag of Itussla, quickly followed
by a national salute ot 21 guns from the
lfassian vessel, with the American flag
attho.maln. The Congress rejoined from a
battery of 0 inch guns.
Lieut. Comuiauder Itobeeon-was sent
aboard tho Abrcck to convey tho compliments
of Admiral Howan, and to tender
the itiual courtesies to the men-of-war.
Tho Captain accepted an Invitation to
dine with the Admiral, and running tho
Vice Admiral's flag to the fore, fired a salute
of 15 guns, which was returned by
the Congress.
At an entertrinment on tho Altreck, her
chief oflicer gave tho toast: Wo are all
glad to bo in Now York, and to drink to
tho American pcoplo with Joy."
The Abreck lite not seen the rest of tho
fleet sinco tho third day alter leaving Maderla,
and being a slow sailer, it was expected
that the others would ho hero
ahead. It Is believed they aro close at
hand, unless they went to Bermuda to repair
tho Bogatrle's boiler.
ALEXIS COMINU.
The Rnnlaa Fleet Off S?ndf Hook.
Ui>? V.?. 11 t-?u<l nf
llio llnsaian fleet In now ofl tlio Highlands
coming tin tho liny.
N?w York, Not. 11.?There Is considerable
excitement In the city this evening,
caused by tho announcement that tho
Hoselan I'rince had arrived In tho Irfiwer
Hay. Tlie basis lor tho report was tho arrival
of ono of tho Russian frigates below.
(Juarantinii, Ii. fci Not. 19.?1'ho
Russian clipper Abrock, Oapt. Bcharlz,
thirty-two days from Maderia, anchored
In the lower hay laat night. Oapt. Bcbartz
Bays that bo parted company wltli tho
Admiral alxiut twenty-seven days ago,
and that their arrival here may lie expected
at any moment. The Abrock was
boarded by tho revenue cutter Northern
at 7 o'clock this morning.
BOSTON.
Alleged Election Frands?Crnnt nnd
Nhcrmnn.
Bostoh, Nor. 11.?Tlio Democratic ReInrtn
Committee liave evidence that 15,00(1
fraudulent votes wefe counted on
Tuesday, nnd eipocti to punish thirty-six
repeaters already under mirvelllanco.
There Is evidence against tlio police.
President (Irnnt and Qcn. Sherman
arrived hero this morning.
?Heavy faiii of snow are reported In
virions places In Maine. At Iiewlston
there was a foot, a alight fall.
WASHINGTON.
Martial Law In Union County, 8. C.
WAtiUKtJTOK, November 11.?A proclamation
vu issued by the President today
announcing that inasmuch as the unlawful
combinations in Union county,
South Carolina, were not dispersed in accordance
with his former proclamation,
the writ ol habeas corpus will bo suspended
iu said county.
TUB UA.LTIMOIIH WHISKY XRAI7DS.
The Grand Jury in the United States
District Court this morning returned iudictments
agaiust the parties previously
presented in the Baltimore whisky cases,
eighteen in number. The eases will bo
tiled at the December term.
I.ADOK UKKOltM CONVENTION.
Sonic ol the beat talent in tho United
8lutes it* expected to bu prcaent ut the Labor
Retorm Convention, December ft tlx.
Already nonie ionr or Ave liundred credentials
have been mailed to influential
sympathizer*.
TIIK Civil. 8KUVICB COMMISSION.
Tho Civil Service Commissioners today
resumed their regular session, which
has been interrupted by a week's recess.
All the members were present excepting
Mr. Mudill, who id Htlll detained at
Chicago. The subject under discussion 1
to day was "What exceptions are neces- 1
sary to the proponed general rules in ap- 1
pointments.
The resignation ol (Jen. Franz Bige), 1
Collectuj ot Internal Revenue (or the Dili I
district of Now York, was ruceived at the
Treasury to-day. 1
The British Claim Commissioners 1
meets here on the 14th.
The injunction against issuing $4,000,- J
(KM) in bonds for city improvements wan j
to-day dissolved.
The reported defalcation in tho Wash-
ington Postofllco is untruo.
WOMKN IIAVK NO BIlllIT TO VOTK.
Judgo Carler of tlio Dlasrict Supreme i
Court decided to day (Hut women do not
have the right to voto. Tint pluintllfs j
v?I'll-1 two women who were denial suf-
I'mge. It la understood that the case will
ho carried to the U. 8. Supremo Court.
THIS ANdLO-AllKftlCAN 8HTTLIUIRNT.
Tlio object of the recent visit of Evarta 1
to Washington, was In connection with
tho business to bu brought before the trl- 1
liunal of arbitration at Geneve. Noltifor- 1
inatioii has been yet received froin iiunja- 1
mill H. Curtis, as to his acceptance of the
lender of tho apiiolntmcnt as associate 1
:ounsel. A few claims only liavo as yet
been received for presentation to tho lui-
led States .and British Commissioners.
which will rcaaseinblo in this city, Toes- 1
lay. Mr. Howard, the British agent
lias been instructed by his government 1
not to present to the Commission, ciaimi
>1 persons heretofore llritisb subjects,
who liavo become naturalized persons
)f tlio United States.
Tho United Hiatus and Spanish Commission,
will proceed to consider tho
claims in December. Before thin Commission
was authorised, a large number oi
claims lor spolllations in Cuba were pre
Imps not more than nine or ten hare so far
been presented to the Commission in uc- 1
:ordancc with the prescribed forms. J
Tim CASK OK THR IIOIINKT.
Tlio statements that leveral Bpanlsh g
war vessels had left the Cuban waters Tor I
llio purpose of selling tlie Ilornet are pro- i
louncod untrue. The Spanish authorl- t
lies have already heen advised that scrl-
>us trouble may result Bhould the Hornet I
l)e seized while she Is under tho American
Hag, nnd especially as it Is not known
that she has violated the neutrality laws.
Whlio it cannot positively be asserted
that she Is privileged to carry her own
[lag, her true character, nevertheless, la
i question for civil investigation, and not
lo be determined alono by tbo Spanish 1
luthorities with tho aid nt naval forces.
Another subject in this connection forms j
the basis lor complaint by the Spanish c
Uovernment, viz: Not long ago tho Span- t
Ish Consul at Port nu Prlneo mado a demand
on tho Haytien authorities for tho J
surrenders tho Ilornet, but was rcluscd, t
nur minister there having entered a strong I
Srotcst against it, and also agaiiiBt the c
panlsli menace. Sometime after these
proceedings the Spanish Consul, while I
passing tho wharf where tho vessel lay,
was loudly derided by her crew, which is
said to consist of about two hundred
colorod sailors. Ill consequence of these i
proceedings, the Consul roturned to his i
consulate and took down his Hag, and tho
roct in hub alleged Indignity lias iieen
communicated to our Government. Tills
In the matter as ItBtandB, with 110 prospect
of an immediate Bettloment of tliu question
ut issue, nntl In the menntline Portau-Prince
is virtually blockaded by Bpiml?h
vessels, liny tl being too feelilo to demand
respect fur her neutrality.
Washington, Novemlier H.?At the
signal station upon tho summit ol Mount
Washington at 6 o'clock last evening tbe
wind was blowing <10 miles an hour from
tho north; thermometer IS degrees above
zero; light snow Inlllng. There was quite
a frost at Louisville last night, Haturdsy
night a thin ice was formed In this city.
An aurora borealls was reported this
uiornlng at 12:4S from Rochester. A
small flumbsf of meteors wero also observed.
An observer at Chicago reported
an unusiinl number ol meteors.
Washington, Nov. 12.?Accounts received
from Columbia, H. C., state that
twelve more prisoners, charged with KuKluxing,
were brought there from Unionville
Friday night, accompanied by six
persons us witnesses.
CitAJil.KSToN, R. Nov. 13?Tlierfl
liavo been nn deaths Irom yellow fever
during the pnst two days. Tbo lending
physicians ndvise their patient* tint they
may enme hack,, tnd lar^o numbers
have already returned. Tiio City Council
ha# ordered fc day, bf prayer and
thanksgiving on' Arhnunt or tbo abatement
oftho disease.
Tliero waa a heavy while frost hero this
morning. _
A Illoodr Tracedy In Indiana.
IiOtnsvtlitiR, Nor. 13.?This A. m.,*
family named I'arka was found murdered
in their house, near Ilenfyville, Indiana, 1
which consisted pf Cyrus M. Parks anil
wife, Isabel!*, son John, aged 10 yean.
umiHiutcin XIVBIIIIU, Bgetl II jrunra, nnu
Ellen, aged 15 years. Tho heads of all
wero terribly l>eaten and crashed with
lome blunt instrument. The brains of
Parks, wife and son were scattered aliout
the room. They wero lying In their beds.
The daughters wero found sitting in the
kitchen, alive, but delirious and fatally
hurt. Bhota had been heard in tho night
by the neighbors, hut the bodies bear no
lmllet marKS. Information waa promptly
forwarded to the pollcohoro. Mr. Parks
was a leading member of a church near
his house, and waa much esteemed in the
cammunity. No clue has been obtained
ol the murderer. Great excitement prevalla
In tho vicinity, and should the villain be
discovered, he would probably bo Instantly
lynched.
CALIFORNIA.
Vui of Robbers Arrested?Mrs.
Pair?Loss of Sheep br Land
liana.
Son Fbancisco, Nor. 11.?Jones, Holy
and Sampson, throe of the gang of robbers
who have repeatedly robbed the
stage of the Sonoma Company near
Cleavcrdalo this season, were arrested
there yesterday. The three others will
be captured.
The wreckers succeeded in saving a
largo part of the coal and cargo ol the
British iron ship Btrades, at Ban Itamon,
Lower California, to day, and will probably
save the ship.
The case of lira. Fair wu buloro the
Supremo Court to-day. Tho argument
Forty thousand sheep perished by tho
recent land storms in Lob Angelos county.
Malen A. Chlbcno, a claim digger, has
been arrented at Aleiua, Marine county,
for murdering his partner, Thou, Bilvaa,
for all ty dollars, and compelling a woman
with whom ho lived to uaaiat him in sinking
tho body in Uolinas Buy. The womau
revealed tho murder.
BTAOK ATTACKKI) AND l'ASSKNUKIW MUIlDBKB1).
The Wickenburg and Lapoae, Arizona,
stuge was attacked by fifty Apaches ten
mile* Irom thu former place and thu
driver, John Lclz, otherwise 14 Dutch
John," and two passengers with him on
tho box, killed. On tho Insido were llvo
passengers, three of whom were killed. 1
Win. Kenger and Miss Mollio Bheppard,
jf l'rcscoft, woro wounded, but escaped to
i chapparal. Kenger defended himself
with a rovolver ana both reached Wick-
anburg. Tho names of tho passengers
killed aro Fred Bhaholm, T. N. Loring,
N. P. Suloman, P. W. llowcl and C. 8. 1
WUoulcr'B exploring expedition. Adams
won sculped and the mails and baggage
plundered. One report says the attack
was made l>y robbers Instead of Indians.
lobn (laics has been sentenced to lm)rlsoument
lor life at Hamilton lor killing
laiues Miuikoy.
Tbo argument in tbe Fair easo was
included this evening in the Uupreme
Jourt. Decision on tliu application Tor a
lew trial next week.
At Portland, Oregon, last evonlng, at a
allroad meeting, a memorial to Congress
.vih adopted asking that the usual grant
>1 lands ho made to tho Portland, Dallas 1
i Hall Lake iiallroad, already Incorpora- 1
ed. The lino of tho proposed road Ilea
last from Portland along the south side of
Columbia 143 miles; thence to Monument
['oint on tho Central Pacific 588 miles,
ind on to fort Granger on tho Union Pa-
:111c 080 miles, making the distanco lrom
Portland to Omaha 1.700 miles.
The Chinese Consul at Um Anglos Is
nvastignting the aflalrs connected with
he late riot. Tho Chinese property seized
it tho tlmo of the riot in the name but
without tho authority of tho U. 8. Marshal,
las been released to tho onnerB, but none
>f the money stolen has been returned.
San Kiumoisco, Nov. 12.?Capt. Barter,
of tho whaleshlp Japan, wrecked on j
ho cast of Capo Biborta In Octobor of
ast year, when eight men were drownod. j
titer wintering with the Esquimaux and
ifter sulloring great hardships, joined
Japt. Hays and crow of tho bark Oriole,
lunk in ilehring Bea in Juno last. Alter
lalllng to various places In Alaska on tho 1
ittlo schooner II. B. Browne, which finaly
became unseaworthy and was abandonid,
all arrived here to day (rom "Victoria. I
riiey had been given up as lost, not liav-
ng been heard from for months. I
TENNESSEE. 1
Kmcnoa Etherldge in Favor of
"PaMlrum."
NABUViLi.it, November 7.?Emerson
Stheridgo Is in Nashville. Ho Is cmlhaticaily
in favor ol non-action on the
>art ol tho Democracy, anil says that no
^invention to nominate n President ought
o I Mi held by It.
Strong etlorts will bo made in the j
legislature to reduce the taxes, and It Is
jolieved by tho Memphis and Nashville
toards of tradu that tho effort will sue:ccd.
Georgo Francis Train lectures hero on
ho 17th inst. i
Tho Bupremo Court, at Knoxville, ad- 1
ourncd to-dsy, to meet again in Nash/illo
noxt month. A largo mass of busi- I
less which had accumulated during and
since the war was disposed of rapidly. I
MABONIC CONVENTION AT NAAHVlM.tt.
Tlio annual Convention or tho Masonic
irand Chapter closed to-day, tho followng
officers having been elected and Initalled
for tho ensuing year: A. J
Wheeler, High Priest; Juhn W. I'axton,
Deputy High Priest; .fames II. Murfrco,
jcribe; John McClelland, Treasurer; Jno.
FriMell, Secretory; John T. Irion, Chaplain;
11 A. Caldwell, Captain of Host;
j. 8. Beever. Hoyal Arch Captain; ,lo?.
(Vnrlernnn, King.

rho North Missouri Railroad Accl.
fir. Louis, Nov. 11.?Further advices
In relation to tbo accident rear Wellsvlllo,
on the North Missouri Railroad,
yesterday,state tlmt only two persons were
tilled outright, but between twenty and
thirty were wounded, several ol them 11
is feared, mortally. All ol tlio IcOured
were taken to Wellsvllle and promptly
:ared Tor liy the Railroad Company. Both
?f the cars were badly smashed, and but
for the platform of the ladles' car, preceding
tbo soldier's car, pulling out, the
remainder of the train might have Iwen
dragged from tho track and tho seriousness
ol tho disaster largely increased.
Information respecting tho acculcnt yesterday
on tho North Missouri Railroad,
is very mettgro. Tho only additional news
it hand Is that two soldiers, Butler Fletcher,
of Tenn., and Joseph White, of I*>jjansport,
Ind., have died, and that thirty
others were more or leas Injured. Efforts
have been mado to-day to obtain the
names ol the wounded, but the railroad
officials manliest very little disposition to
litrnlsh the information to the press or
public. A list, therefore, has not been received.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
KUKI.UX smmifCKD TO AT,n\BT rKNTTBitTi*nr.
Bobtoh, Nor. 11.?A South Carolina
dispatch report) that the United States
Court, at Raleigh, has sontenced a largo
number Of the Ku-KluxisU to the Albany
penitentiary. Convictions at Chester,
were made on secret evidence of worthless
negroes, one of whom hat been convicted
of rape. On Wednesday, there
were twenty-ono arrests. Tho Unionvillo
people are fleeing rapidly.
YonRViLLB, B. C., Nov. 11.?The A'njtdrt*
of the 9th, says there were fortytwo
moro arrests In York county, during
the wecK, and three hundred more made
confessions of membership with the KuKlux.
FOREIG3ST.
FRANCE.
End of the Proviiional Regime Conlempialeil.
I'aiuh,
November 11.?la an interview
with President Thiers, it is authoritatively
Hiatal that when the legislative Assembly
meets at the beginning oi December, the
government will proposo tho end of the
provisional regime and the establishment
ol a detlnite Republic.
l'rinco do Chlgi Alban, tho Papal Ntincio,
had an interview with Count de Homusut,
thu Minister of Foreign Attain, yesterday.
The Conititutional to-day says that thoy
discussed tho furthcoming protest of the
Pope, in which the Holy Father will declare
bimsclf tho sole King ol Home, and
win nnnuunce ma ouwniiinauoii w uoiu
uo official intercourse with any foreign
representatives at the court or near the
pernio of Victor Emmanuel.
It is stated here that the first duty of tho
Duke de llarcourt, on his arrival at liomo,
will be to present to Cardinal Antonelli a
formal protest against the publiciitiaa of a
portion of the French Minister's confidential
correspondence with thu Pontifical
Secretary.
Paris, Nov. 13.?Informstlon from Corsica
is to the effect that the quiet iron clad
squadron which was ordered to Ajaclo
utiout tho time ol Princo Napoleon's visit,
still remains at that port.
Tho Fronch press very generally discuss
the recent speech of the English Premier
Gladstone, and deduce therefrom a
necessity lor France to seek henceforth a
Itussian alliance.
Humors still continue as to thu approaching
departure of tho Popo from
liomo.
Tho Kraut* to-day Bays, distinctly, that
tho Pope lias intimated to Thiers that it is
Ills intention to establish it residence in
Prance, and that Thiers lias made a strong
sffort to dissuade tho Holy Father from
Ills purposo without success, and has final?
.1 hi. illuiwuiiil tin. ('null,, nf Pan
ENGLAND.
riie Queen (letting Well?Ilcgency
Abandoned.
World HpscUl.
London, Nor. 11.?Tlio Queen's condi.ion
In wonderfully Improved. All propolals
lor a partial regency urc abandoned.
M. Quito! has accepted the position of
French Minister to England. Iluko do
Draglie takes the mission to Austria, M.
I'lcard that to Belgium, M. Fleurlg to the
United States, and M. Oonlard to Italy.
SPAIN.
Madrid, Nov. 11.?Tho Journeymen
jftkers of Valienee, who are on a strike for
iddltlonal wages, attempted to proven!
he introduction ol workmen in bread
rom adjoining towns. A body of cavalry
llspcrsed tho moli.
Madmd, November 13. ?Tho adherents
n tho Cortes to P. Zorilla propose, on
ruesday next, to press a vote censuring
:ho ministry for ito course in regard to the
International Society.
IRELAND.
Keller Aequlltcd of Murdering Constable
Talbot.
London, November 11.?A dispatch
!rom|Dublin states that Kelley has been aclultted
of tho murder of constable Taljot.
The announcement was received
,n the streets cheered lustily.
HOME.
Home, Novcmlior U.?Prlnco Humbert
irlll arrive Id this city on tho 14th Inst.
Tho autumn Hoods ol tho Tiber recently
lone much (lanugo, but tho water la now
rabsiding. _
Romk, November 12.?'Tho Duko do
[larcourt, tho Fronch Ambassador to tho
Papal Court, was yesterday received by
lie Pope and Cardinal Antonelll.
BELGIUM.
UBDSSRii, Nor. 11.?1Tho Bank of Bel;um
to day reduced its rato of discount
,i) Four per cent
Prlnco Flcrro Bonaparte, notorious for
lis participation In tho assassination ol
Victor Nolr, was married to day at the
French Legation in this city to Mdlle.
iiiffiln.
Russia Anxious to Hear from Aleiis.
liONDON, Nov. IS?Evening.?U. 8.
Minister Curtln telegraphs from BL Pelersburg
to the London agency that there
is a dreadful state of suspenso regarding
tho Grand Duke Alexis, and that tuey will
bo relieved by tho newa ol tho arrival of
Ihe licet at New York.
Cholera at Constantinople.
Constantinople, Nov. 13.?The cholera
is increasing In this city, and many
ilcatlm arc daily reported.
HMRiKxirri.
The Netv Legislature Htronclr Repnbllcnn.
Mrmfiui, Nov. U.?An Avalanthu,
Jackson, Mississippi, special to-night says
the election was the most ordorly over
held In the Htnte. Tho semi-official returns
show the Hotiso to be Republican!
01; Democrats 511; Independent 2j Senate,
Itepubllcana 24; Democrats 19. A large
Democratic gain. Governor Alcorn will
resign in a few clays, preparatory to taking
Tils seat In tho United HlaleslSenate.
There was a heavy Irnat last night.
The New Jersey Railroad I.eniPi
Plttl.ADitl.fMA, November H.?At a
meeting ol tho Philadelphia Trenton
Railroad to day n resolution wa? adopted
to obtain the written assent of the stockholder*
to lease the road to tho Pennsylvania
Railroad. Theentlre voto will bo
In favor of the lease. This wiU complete
tho transfer ol 41)8 mills ol railroad in
New Jersey to thePennsylvanla Railroad.
I'nii.ADKi,PHiA, Nov. 11?Evening.?
The Philadelphia Trenton Railroad was
leasted to-day to the Pennsylvania Co.
fllAAHiAr RAVI.
Nrw Yon*, November II.?Arrived,
(bo Allemanla, from Ilremcn.
London, November 11.?Tlio stcarasliip
Holatla, of tlio Hamburg American
line, In leaving I'lvmoth en route to Hamburg,
collided with n ?chouner, which
??nk. All tlio crew perished.
The steamer* Bamarla, England and
Wisconsin have arrived out.
River Report.
Prrrsntnum, Nov. 13.?Weather, clear
and dry, noilgmof rain. River, 18 Indies
In the channel and ntationary.
Cincinnati, Nov. 12.?River, four
leet threo Inches, and fulling. Wcither,
clear.
CHICAGO.
Responsibility of Railroad Companies
for Grain Lost En Home?The
Election for Congressman.
Ciiicauo, Nov. 11.?a mcollug ol grain
receivers who havu lost grain cn roulo in
cars ami elevators prior to delivery to
consignees, was held yesterday evening.
Tlie chairman ol the meeting announced
I i..?v imu uaucu Upuii UID nuiuuriuui 01
the Northwestern and Illinois Central
I Railroad* unci iu answer to his inquiry
j they said they should refuse to nay for
the grain in their hands, since the load
I wan by the act ol' Cod. The consignees
hold that thcru was no delivery until they
had received and paid the freight bills. A
committee wan appointed to draw up a
paper to bo signed by all who wanted to
prosecute the roads. It was generally
understood that the roads would agree to
a test case.
llclurns or the election for Congressman
at large in this State from counties give
for Beveridge, Rep., 2U.121, and liays
34,873. Most of the lieavy Republican
counties have not yet been heard from.
Returns from 47 counties give lieveridge
1JJ.500.
Forty thousand dollars In gold wcro received
at this port last1 week for duties on
imported goods.
This morning tho dead body of a man
was found lying near the foot entrance to
the La Halle street tunnel. The led. face,
and one hand ol the deceased ate badly
burned, and it it believed that while intoxicated
ho undertook to warm himself
among the smouldering ruins near whero
ho was louud, tell uml received tho injuries
described, and then crawled to the
tunnel entrance, where exhausted by pain
and partly unconscious from drink ho
layed down to die.
Another dead body was found on the
lake shoro, just south of Menomonee
street. The remslns had bceu washed up
by thu waves, and have the iipjtcarance
ot having been some time iu the water.
A viilltii/ mutt tiimin.l rUtiirlim Htilnu
committed suicide last night at tho Grand
1 lotcl, on thocorner of Canal and Madison
streets, by taking poison Two hriei notes
were found in Ills room. Onu wan addressed
to his moliier at 534 Wabush avenue,
and the other to Miss Anna miles, 1U
Fifth street, St. Louis, Mo. Neither exliiulneii
tho reasons for the act.
MALT LAKE CITY.
Salt Lakk City, Nov. 11.?John B.
Kimball, of the well known mercantile
firm oi Kimball I.awronco, died last
night of consumption. Tho deceased was
an old and highly respected citi/.en of
Bait Lako, but not a Mormon.
Tho papers report that a company of
missionaries of Mormon faith, are to loavo
Ogden for the Eastern States, on tho lBth
Inst. The Union Pacific ltallroad gav?
them tickets at hair rates.
Tho Kmma Mining Company, have
commenced shipment East of tho immonso
quantity oforo which has accumu
mho uero during mo summer, rue aslayera
ol this city aro now finding tin in 1
the oro from Ogden. Tim return it as 1
high its 10 per cent, and 83 per ccnt. on
metal run out of tlio crudo process. Tin
stock In again up. Tbo Adelaide mine,
at Uttlo Cottonwood, ia claimed by Its
owners to show every Indication of bolng
a second ISmmn. i
Nothing Irom Brlgham or Orson Hyde. I
Tbo weatber Is stormy, and snow is
falling on tbo bills.
Salt Lakh, November 12.?Accounts
from tbo provinces represent all manner
of outrages pending tbe suits pftlio Kureka 1
Mining Company r.?. tlio King David and
May Henrietta companies. Two witnesses
for tlio defendants were assailed with
slung sbots and badly Injured night before
last, and on hour or two later the superintendent
of tbo May Henrietta was snot it
twice, narrowly escaping with his life.
Tbo minors unanimously espouse tbe May
Henrietta.
The Herald tbis morning publishes n
letter Irom St. Oeorgo relative to the eon
lerence there, but not a word In regard to
Brighatn. This is remarkable, as hitherto
ovcry movement of Brlgham when away
by letter and telegraph.
Tlio funeral of J. B. Kimball, of the
firm of Kimball Iiawrcnce, which
took pines this afternoon, waa alien iled
by all classea of peoplo, Monnons and
GcntUea. The procession waa the moat
solemn ever witnessed in the territory.
Kimball never waa a Mormon, but Ills
partner, Iiawrenco, although a seceder
Irom tlio church, is a polygamlst.
Tho reopening ol the United Htatefl
District Court, and tho reassembling of
thoOrand Jury to-morrow is anticipated
with much Interest.
It Is understood that Ho7.a Stout, ol tho
party condnod at Camp Douglass under
indictment for murder, with Mayor
Wells and others, haa made application to
tho Supreme Court ol the United States
for release upon a writ ol habeiu ecrptu.
Tho weather is cold with indications of
another storm. Tho neighboring lilils
and mountalnB are covered with snow.
Tho winter is a month earlier than lost
year.
A Horrible Harder In Kansas*
St. Ijoms, Nov. 13.?A liorribio murder
was committed near tlio Osago Mission,
Kansas, on tlio night of tho Olti inst.
Tho facta elicited at the coroner's Inquest
r..li VI,,.,.. II,.
perpotrator ?t tbo crime, having recently
met with pecuniary iofweft, resolved to
ilexpntcli himself and family, fin J on the i
Dili Inst, procured chloroform, nnd during
the night Administered It to nlswlfo and
two little girls, aged ten months and two
years. About 4 o'clock in the morning
Mrs. Flanagan awoke Irom tho stupor
produced by the chloroform and discovered
her husband in the a?t of driving 10penny
nails Into the head of one ot tho
children, and flying to the rescue of her
babes, site louml them expiring from the
eflccbi of the blows tnflictnl with a
hatchet nnd the nails, hot she succeeded
In disarming her husband, gave the alarm
and ho was taken In custody. A letter
was found tacked to the wall addressed
to some of his relatives, in Which ho
statea that in consequence of his mind
lieing in such a condition that he could
not do anything, ho had determined to
kill himself and family, eiccptlng hlsson
Clarence.
TV
Fire at Chattanooga.
r.niTTANoooA. TRNN., NOV. 18.-?A
flro wn* dUcoWNa this morning at ono
o'clock, in Finlier St Hro'? Jewelry atore,
corner of Eighth and Market streets, destroying
a square and a half of the business
portion of tho city. Loaa, estimated
at $?r>,000; insurance, about 30,000. The
lire waa tho work of an Incendiary. The
city wna fired Hi two other places, hot tho
dames were extinguished. Fifteen, supposed
to 1m Chicago desperadoes, arrived
hero from Memphis last night, ami suspicion
pointa to them. A largo number
of persons wero arrested for committing
rohlmrrles.
I
MINOR TELEQBAMS.
?TUospar an J block works of Thouias
J. Duueu, near the mouth of the Cuyahoga
river, were destroyed by lire Saturday
night Lous $3,000; insurance not ascertained.
?An old man named Win. Kyland, living
at Now Albany, Indiana, on Friday,
while drunk attempted to kill hia son's
wife, inllicting several stabs with a penknife
and knocking her dowu with an iron
wedge. Kyland was arrested and held to
answer the of assault with intent to kill.
?Tho concert of sacred music at the
Baltimore Opera House, Sunday night,
for the beuellt at the Catholic Benevolent
illumine ill uuigago, was well iiucnueu.
?A nau named I'm. Kllroy wus killed
oil the Kentucky Control railroad, in Covington,
late Friday night, Ilia bead being
separated from his body by the cars,
The deceased was unknown in Covington.
?Information baa been received at
Washington that the Hub Ku-Klux Committee,
which met at Atlauta, Georgia,
adjourned on Wednesday evening alter
oiamlning 100 witnesses.
?Jako and Mat Hodman, charged with
murdering Cbumborlain anil Francis, a
short distance Iroin Marshtlcld, Mo, a few
days ago, were released on ball Thursday
ill the respective sums ol ten and five
thousand dollars.
?Saturday three children in quest of
coal, at Minorsvlllo, Pa., wandered Into
an abandoned mine, when several portions
of the gangway caved in and all woro
suflocated.
?A. K. Gaines, a prominent and influential
citizen of Boone county, Kentucky,
died from lock-jaw last night at bla residence.
lie will bo remembered in connection
with the fugitive slave case in
which Margaret Garner figured.
For Rent.
_F01t m
ONE LA RUN IVAIIKir0 VSR, MUL
Centrally locatud on Main trout. Alio, onoou
Oulncy strooL Apply to
noviu W. L. MoAKKE.
For Sale.
EXEOUTOKH' HAMC OK PEH80NAL
I'llOI'KUTY.?All tho Household and
Kitchen Vurnituru belonging to the eatatu of
Martha Knox, lata of Ohio county, dcceaaed, will
be sold at pnbllc auction by tho undnralgncd on
Tl'BSDAY, November 31at, 1871,
At tho lato rendoncc of aald Martha Knox on
Main -atroet, above Union, beginning at 10
o'clock a. m.
Tvrma of salu caili, 1). C. LIST,
JAB. 1>. UOGBKS,
novlO Exucutnri of Martha Knox, dee'd.
A HAKE CHANCE FOIt A BUSINESS
MAN.?FOIt 8ALK-The atock,
flxturea, Ac., ol a KeUll Grocery Store, now do
in# a goou mminuaa, ami in ono or uie neai lura
lion* In the city. Satisfactory rcaaontgiven for
idling. Till* In an opportunity for bualness
iJTdotn met with. Apply to
B. L. CUTIIBBRT,
nov8 M'Lain's Block, Monroe Bt.
jjlok sale i
A CORNER BUILDISO,
Containing a Dwelling and Store Uoom, situated
In the town or Benwood, oppoalte Union Hall.
no*7 JOIIN BltoUP, Proprietor.
F)i< bale low and on easy
TBHMS-A flratclaas Tannery, two atory
llrlck Building, Hfl feet by 04, with all the mo<f>rn
Improvements and In good running orderM
Tho low price and location would makVlt
callable for any other manufacturing purpose.
Alao a good Urlak Dwelling Houso with 10
ooms and full lot, on Hampden street.
W. vtlloob A bro.,
novl Market street.
F)r sale-one good wakeroom
on Monroe street.
One comfortable Dwelling House on Monroe
itroet.
Two now Brick Dwelling IIousos on Qnlncy
treeL
Ono new little Cottage on the Island, on Broadway.
I. IRWIN,
oclB Real Batate Agent._
Trust sale.-by virtue op a
Deed of Trnat made to me by William Holack
and Nancy Hoaack hla wlfo. of Cameron, lu
Marshall county, Weat Virginia, bearing date the
Hat day of December, 1806.1 will, on
SATURDAY, tho Iflth day of Not., A. D. 1871,
)n the premises In tho town of Cameron, In the
:oonty of Marshall, State of West Virginia, at
10 o'clock a. u. of that day, proceed to aell at
jubllo aale all tho right, title and Interest of the
laid William Ilosack and Nancy Ifoeack hla wife
n and to tho following described real estate,
hit la to My, til thoir right, title And Interest In
ind to the undivided one-half of lot of ground
iltuatcd In South Cameron, Marshall county,
West Virginia, known as lot No. (10) sixteen:
ilso tho undivided Interest of the salt! William
lloaack and Nancy his wife In and to tho following
described property situated In tho town of
Cameron, and bounded and described as follows,
to-wlt: Beginning at a stake, thence a IK dug.
w. thirty-one feet to a stake, thence n. Hi deg. e.
?lxty-soven feot to tho l'oplar Springs road.
Lhoncn thirty-two and one-hair feet along said
road to a stake, thence s. dog. w. snvontjr-
sight and one-half foet tojtbe beginning; also,
one-half of an alley now oi>en between tho lot
mentioned and another lot belonging to James
Fulton, of the city of lialtlmoro, Maryland,
which alley Is eight feet, more or less, In width
at the front on Poplar Hprlng road, add runs hack
to the rearnf lot adjoining on tire north belonging
to said James Fiilton, and at the reor of said
lot Is ten feet, more or lees, la width, the portion
r>f said alley hereby conveyed Is tho one-half
thereof, to-wlt: lour fret front and live feet,more
nr less, at the rear, saving and reserving off of
the prenlses hereby conveyed, the right to tho
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to remove,
alter and repair certain pipes through said
premises, now nsed and occupied by the said
Company to convey water from there down V?
the waU-r station on their road, and also reserving
to said .Tames Fulton the right to have, rtse
and maintain tho track running across the rearend
Df said lot, being an extension ot the "Y" as the
same ts now n*ed and occupied as long as aald
"Y" and track Is kept open and used by said
Company np to the lot hereby conveyed from the
main track of Mid Baltimore and Ohio Railroad;
also a lot of ground In the village of Cameron.
In Marshall county, State of West Virginia, and
which 101 is Donnucu on mo w?nm nj m u
(,'harles Keller, and on ilia weat.bj an alley, and
on the north b? a lot of Henry Moore'a, Mil on
the east by Rl?t*r lot, and Mot the aame property
heretofore conveyed by D. II. Dlx and wife
to the Mid William Hosack.
Tkbn* otBun -One-half cash, balance three,
tlx and nine months. R. J. I'ORTRR,
nr.fO Trt?itee.
j-j WELLING HOUSE
FOR SALE.
I offer for pale the hone in which I nowre-^Mk
lido, altnate on John street, a few door* M]
cant of Piflh. The honso la a substantial JUL
two-story brick containing eight room*, be
aide* a bath room and kitchen, and a finished
attic, with a Rood cellar, hot and cold water In
bath room*. The honso la In good order and
well located and In erery way a desirable prop
erty, being bnt a little orer a sqnare from tho
FostOfflce. There Is alaoon the premises a good
BRICK STABLE,
nflielent for ronr horae*. ann a carriage nonae.
Any one wlahlng to pnrchaae can examine the
Jgil? MoDRRMOT, _
JBLAND LOTS FOIt BAf,E.
Having aold all the lota offered at $300 each,
except two. I now offer ten lota fronting on the
e?at aide or Kim and Cheatnnt itreeta and ertending
to the river. Price from $800 to $1,000
each, according to alte and location. Terma,
one-fovrth aiah, realdne in eqaal InaUllmenta at
one, two and three yeara.
JWO. P. OILCHRIBT.
anrtl At Top Mill.