r
Is
WILMINGTON, N. C
FlllD.V Y, JOVhM3Ki'
IH71
Cap
Fear Agricultural A.aocla: loB
Special rrmloiiii,
BY T W. BROWN. WATCH MAKER AUD JtWlLtB,
A huidiomo Tci:et Set. valued at $15 CO
for the beat loaf cf bread made an- xbib t d by
single lady.
BT MUSES. BASS, ECOIT CO., CjTTON FACTJES
ASD COMMI88IOX MSBCHAHIB.
For the beat tail of Cotton raUcd in tho coun
ties of Wilson, Lenoir. Wayne, Johnton Duplin,
Bampeon. New Hanover. Colnmbna or Robeson
Hndnome Silver Ice Pitcher, vain' 115 00
Gabbett Davis made a speech in Louis
villa Wednesday night in which he came
oat for Millard Fillmore as the Demec atic
candidate for President.
AesIcTAXt Marshals fob the Next Faib.
Captain W. A. Camming, Chief Marshal,
announces the following gent'emen as his
Aids at the approaching Fair of the Cape
Fear Agricultural Association viz Wm.
A. Faiaon, of Sampson Dr. E. W. Ward,
of Onslow A. W. Reiger, of Brunswick
John A. McDowell, of Bladen V. V. Rich
ardson, of Colambns F. J. Lilly, Jr.. of
Cumberland H. B. Covington, of Rich
mond Walter L. Rose, of Anson John
W. Cotton, of Edgecombe Wm. O. Col
lier, of Wayne W. L. Thorpe, cf Nash
Ed. Mcaeea, of Robeson Maj. C. W.
llcClammy. Charles M. Sparkman. Dr.
Dongald McMillan, Gilbert P. Kidder,
Henry McQaeen, Capt. W. H. Northrop,
Capt. A. L. DeRosset, Capt. G? L. Dudley,
Capt. R. F. Langdon, DuBrutz Catlar,
Capt. O. A. Wiggins, of New Hanover.
Mb. Bichabd C. Badgsb, in his evi
dence before the Pool-Investigation Com
mittee, of the last Legislature, and the
oandor perhaps we should say the
shameless candor, to declare that 7iis Bad
calism meant a "strong" centralized gov
ernment. However discreditable the ac
knowledgment, there is no doubt bat that
the youthful Rotator faithfully foreshad
owed the policy of his party We are
drifting, drifting, every day and hour we
live under the present Administration, in
the direction of a "strong Government,"
a Government, in other words, 'strong"
enough to make iti own laws regardless of
the popular consent, and to enforce its
own enactments regardless of the popular
opposition; in one word, the Empire,
whether "with Grant as Emperor and his
son as successor," remains to be seen.
Tbe PoImh Spreading.
2fThe Chicago fire has aroused great alarm
in mo6t of the towns of the North. We
are told that the police force in yracuse,
for example, has been doubled and ordered
to shoot on the spot any person detected
in an attempt at incendiarism. We have
already mentioned, in these colamnp, how
Sheridan and hia 6oldiers added to the aw
ful horrors of the late great conflagration
by a free use of the bullet and bayonet.
Alluding to these things the New York
World remarks Such measures may be
well calculated to diminish the chances of
intentional fire but the question is, who
has authority, under our nominal form of
government, to order capital punishment
without trial
"Aye, there's the rub." The experience
of the last three or four years in these
Southern States should be tuffioient to
show the New York Fbrtf and the f,world"
at large, that, if the Government has not
the authority, it haa still exerci&ed, with a
high hand, the authority, to order capital
punishment without trial, or, what is in
finitely worse, through the corrupt and
perjured instrumentality of mock trials!
Is it one whit worse to hang or shoot,
without warning or qaestion, than to ar
rest men without warrant or explanation,
drag them from their families and homes,
imprison them in filthy cells and subject
them to the horrible sham cf trial before a
packed jury, with the lingering certainty
of conviction We trow not. And yet
this is, and has been, the every-day ex
perience in these Southern States the
home of men as devoted to tbe principles
of Constitutional Government and as dear
lovers of Republican liberty as any that
the world has ever seen.
Why, at this very hour crael, actual tear
is being waged by Grant's orders upon
helpless, unresisting and law-abiding citi
zens of the United States, in South Caro
lina. Under the pressure of the negro
government of the State, companies of
United States cavalry Jiabeas corpus sus
pended) are arresting in nine counties
nearly all the white citizens, and lodging
them in jail to await mock trial amid the
ashes that Sherman made of Columbia.
A correspondent of a Northern journal de
scribes how the thing is done
MThe Bubioon ia crossed, and this great Cieaar
turn bla aoldiera loose upon his own countrymen
and fellow-citizens. For over two weeks this
mighty army has marched nearly every night (for
some weighty reason they don't travel in tbe
broad daylight; in the con o try, and with military
precaution, having surrounded the home of tone
paaosfni farmer, proceed with load noises to
arouse and arrest the sleeping innocent victim.
The jail is full already, and still the work goes
on, to stop no one knows where. Were these
men guilty of crime, were they rebellious against
the government, were they even members cr par
ticipators in the silly doings of the Ka-Klox,
while we would deplore tbe made of their arrest,
to ill beooming free republio, we would at least
ay we are sorry for yon. but you have bronght
it upon yourselves. Bat when it is known that
these unfortunate tillers of the soil are as free
from any connection with the Ku-Kmx as even
this great Caesar himself, bow great should be
our indignation and how earnest oar protests
against this worse than tyranny 1"
And yet, in view of these atrocities,
these crimes against law, humanity and
civilization, the Northern mind is neither
shocked nor indignant, so far as we may
judge from the popular sentiment as ex
pressed in tbe late eleotions. Well, they
Will yet realize that they cannot assist in
sowing the wind without reaping the
whirlwind. These great enormities cannot
So oa without infecting the whole land.
The poison injected into one portion of
the system will spread, until the whole
tody corporate is filled with the mortal
"Ysacm. The recent reckless disregard of
nth forms of laws and human life, in Chi
Tcago and elsewhere, are the legitimate
fca-eroppings of that very spirit of Fed
Til violence and lawlessness which have
TO tioiding high and bloody carnival in
r
Vcth so long, and are now running personage than the renowned war corres
t&a unfortunate Badical-and-negro jpondent, Dr. EueseU, might almost make
01 Carolina 1 P us believe in the reality of the mimio war-
'6hortiv Jo arrive in this country, w o I e
jrcceived with cxIraordinKry honors and I
great expend. nis Imperial HigbiW ltd gnrn m.I trir.i.lo r.. i v en n ,.d.y re
will catry back witbbini ie ideas of roaI j re- a sL.'f amusem-nt it r mUr.n1
r. v;..iVBiw.l.itiKm. d. riv tbae ban ,tnHk inwbtYith uwicb
"--r f
from clore inspection of our govern cue:
ofa)
workings. v
Clubt- Sb.eilptl"n.
We ate again called npon to thank onrj
friend Mr. Aug. SmTH.f Fair Bluff, for two
more c!ubs cf subscribers to the Weekly
Jotjbxai, and Mr. M. F.EIorn, of Timruocs
ville, S. O, for a clnb to tbe Daily Jour
nal From all quarters we are aiding to
our list daily. Old subsoribeis aro availing
themselves of the short indulgence we
have given to pay up and renew their sub
scription. In another month tbe Jocbsal, Di'y
and Weekly, will appear in an entire n-w
and beautiful drese, and the Weekly
will be enlarged to ao eight column pa
per, making one of tbe largest and cheap
est papers in the State. Tbe new de
parture in our journalistic life has met
with universal approval. The circulation
of both editions of cur paper is larger
than ever before in their history, and it 4S
increasing every.dayc
Democratic Conservative Addrcii.
We publish this morning the Address of
the Central Executive Committee of the
Democratic-Conservative party, reviewing
the political condition of the State, and
recommending several amendments to the
Constitution which are, deemed necessary
to "relieve the people from the burden
some and extravagant Siato government
that now swallows up their earnings, and
fastens upon them a State debt which they
cannot pay. We have already referred to
these eeveral amendments in detail They
are suoh as will recommend themselves as
absolutely necessary for the welfare of the
8tate. No citizen of North Carolina
those at least who are not living upon the
labors of others can fail to recognize the
necessity of reformation in our State gov
ernment. A continuance cf present ex
penses of the present rate of taxes, will
bankrupt every honest man in North Car
olina. The visits of the tax-gatherer, Fed
eral, State, County and Municipal, are as
destructive to the indastry of our people
as the late fire was to the city of Chicago
an annual fire sweeping away, each suc
ceeding year, the labors of oar farmers,
mechanics and professional moc, leaving
them poorer than before, while their chil
dren are growing up in ignorance. We mcs'
put out this fire or it will destroy North
Carolina.
Sinoe the defeat of Convention, the plan
proposed by the Executive Committee is
the only one left to ue. The amendments
are proposed after long and earnest con
sideration. There is nothing partisan in
them. No political advantage ia sought.
Each ia proposed with a view solely to
remedy some glaring evil to stop assies
extravagances to reform well-recognized
abuses.
It would be well for tbe State if all par
ties could agree upon them, and path for
ward their adoption. But Radicals, grown
fat upon tbe public plander, will not give
up their lucrative offices without a strug
gle. The poor deluded negro will be de
ceived as to the merits of the issues pre
sented, and we may expect to eee the
Radical party arrayed in almost solid
phalanx against any measures which will I
out them eff freni their hold upon the
Pablic Treasury.
But their opposition will be in vain. No
man or party can oppose these amend
ments with any prospect of success. The
time has come when reformation is not
only demanded, but is essential for the
longer maintenance of the government.
These are ties more binding than party
allegiance necessities which override par
tisan caaouses. The people are forced by
their very poverty to adopt some measures
of relief. They are determined to make
better ueb of their time and indastry rather
than see them consumed to pay tbe claims
of the tax gatherer. We owe the govern
ment much for its presumed protection
of our lives and property bat we do not
owe it all we have and all we labor for.
When this is the case it becomes oppressive
and valueless. People will lose their respect
for it and its laws. We are about ia that
oondition now in North Carolina and
throughout the Scuth. We can save our
State and we will.
Let the Legislature act promptly upon
these amendments. Give tbe people an
opportunity of approving them at the bal
lot box. Give her good citizens the chance
to save North Carolina, and they will rally
as one man. Lst ns rid the contest cf
legal objections and Federal complications.
and the great heart of the State will beat
in response to her welfare. Only let the
people know their true interests and they
wi'l be true to them.
Again we urge upoa the members of the
Legislature a calm consideration and
prompt action upon these measures of re
lief. The people demand it.
Ihe Tall Campaign" In Kngland
Twelve months ago the European prees
teemed with accounts of battles and
sieges. War in its most fearful form was
wasting the fair land of France, and the
voioe of desolation made itself heard, even
across the broad Atlantic. In this now
happi ly peaceful Fall, the British news
papers and pictorials are again filled
with accounts of battles. The 'Illustrated
London News," and the 4 'Penny Illustra
ted Paper," comes to us with spirited pic
tures of charges, retreats and skirmishes,
looking very much like the real battles of
last year. In addition, we are furnished
with elaborate maps of the "theatre of
war" and plans of Sir Hope Grant's in
trenchments on Chobhatn Common, with
the advance and repulse of tSir Charles
Staveley's forces in their attack npon
Grant's position. All the redoubts are ac
curately laid down with their r ranges of
fire in dotted lines according, to the most
approved style. All this, together with
the lengthy accounts of the "Fall Cam-J
TJAlfirn. some OX them wnttan fav no 1rb a
land thank l.d foully Jbo n o.-It pb,y-
ing at war. Wo that l,a n u:,r U
earnestness "TtttwtrsHfch a feticus con
sciousness of their impot l-LCti. Tbe
Briti h military tmilmritieH v.dently feel
exahaut Ht h re-u'.t "f ts.tr autumn
m4tce jvrts. They have r.etulh -n(--ed-d
in aaserabiiu s -ma ihirty rdl tlionsaiid
met, regivarp, militia niid volnntttr,
and uiaety pie.-- of artillery. For
three wetkd h-y hive moved them
about uvor i eil studied district cf
count y, iii.viuK previously divided them
into iW ctutti tiug Minie, .ue of which,
ui der Sir If cpe Graut, dnf cded the, aj -prouobi
s to Loudon, wl.i'.o tiio o-her,
uudt-r Sir Chrle.- S uv by, sej rt?nt nt d an
iuvadiuK arm-. Of c kjtsj-, tbo lutr r h ve
basn defCiicl. Ev n i:i this m:nv'c (am
pign, tbe troops have suFWe! ccisirnal
ly from ti ght d Jhjk io obtaiuiug ratiors,
but t-n tbo wbo!, tbey bavn not been
starved tr compelled to live ou tho conn
try; an 1 the supply of blauk ammunition
has not failed at the critical moment.
I Henco John Ball, hitheito most dis'urbed
in his mental equilibrium by that night
xaareish "Battle of Djrking," is again re
stored to bis equanimity by the snccss cf
the "Fall Campeigu," and once mere
strong in his faith in tho Horse Guards.
Yet there was no lack of ludicrous mis
takes and mishaps. O'u Yon Blumenthal,
just from his French campaign, mast have
laughed ine-ide of his .Prussian beard when
congratulating the British generals upon
their "brilliant strategy," while he was
probably taking private notes in view of a
pcsiiDle Engbsu campaign at tome fumre
day.
Am)ug the amusing incidents of the
campaign is the rout cf a militia regiment
suddenly surprised, who took to their heels
and ran t.s if they had been under real fire,
until brought up by u supporting line of
skirmishers, who fired their blank cart
ridges right into their fac-s to make thtm
halt. Another was the surprise of the
2d Life Guards, that pplendid and gigantic
body of Household Cavalry. They were
drawn up in battle array near a lane un
buepecting cf all dauger, when a regiment
of the supposed enemy got on their flank
unperceived aad opaced such a terrible
fire upon them, that tho Umpire of the
field adjadged the Life Guards to Lave
been exterminated, and ruled them out of
any further operation?.
Ihe Piiooe of Wales, who took part in
the manoeavres in command of tbe 10th
Hussar?, charged a battery and drove the
gunners from the guns, but was claimed as
a prisoner upon tbe ground that this was
done under snch circumstances as to ren
der tbe feat inupo sible undrr snch a Ore.
Bat although '.ho Umpire and the Commander-in-Chief
both decided th t be was
to be cooi-iJered as a prisoner, instead of
surrendering graoefully, he put ppurd to his
horse and galloped eff with bis saite, to
the great di.gnet of the lovers of fair play,
that is to lay, of tbe whole army.
Well, tho campaign in over the troops
have struck their pictureeqae and com
fortable tents which would be found a
mythe in actual war. Many people on
both sides cf tbe ocean will be disposed
to consider the whole thing a faro and a
useie-s pueri ity, one of the empty shows
of Monarchy.
But in tbe first place, something was
demanded to tranqailize the public mind
of England as to the ability of the govern
ment to put in the field a respsctable ar
my, and these matcoavres have been or
dered in deference to public opinion.
Whether the ability is proved is ques
tionable. But supposing thi? were only
one of the empty shows of royalty, we
think it has many advantages over some of
the realities of republican government as
practiced at this day. In this mimic din
of arms, not a single violation of tho law
has been committed. Had it been other
wise, had the rights of any Englishman
been violated under the plea c f military
law, tho whole Iaixl would have protested
in such a way as to force immediate and
complete redress. But here, in this Re
public, a President undertakes to play at
war in a time of profound peace, when,
by the testimony of his own officials, both
civil ond military, there is no attempt at
rtfciitaLCO to auy of tbe processes of the
law; and upon his mere proclamation,
without a wairant. wi'hout a probable
cause, without any cause, any private sol
dier, with hi cocked and loaded musket,
arrests whom he pleases, and consigns to
indefinite imprisonment the best citizons
of the land. Such U cne of the differences
between tho.e tflete monarchies of the old
world and this model progressive Re
publio Rcckt PoisfT, N. O., Oct. 28, 1871. -Editor
Journal
Dear tin I notice in your iaue of the 27th
inet tint our subscribers a t Angola do not re
ceive their papers regularly, and your reflect
tions seem to caet th' blame upon the pc st
ill later at Bnrgaw. or the mail carrier on the
Aogoii route. iow I take this occasion to in
form jou that papers from your ofaae. addressed
to parties at Angola, are frequently put off here
on Friday morning, instead of being oirrHd to
Burgaw frcm wbioa point the Angola mail
starts, and when papers and other mail matter
is thus carelessly left c IT here ou Friday, aud for
warded by me to Bnrgaw oa Saturday, it ia
then too late for the Angola mail, and hence it
haa to remain over, jaet one week longer before
it can reach Angola. Se if the fault is not iu
the route agents.
Beepecffally,
E. T. Wocr. Postmaster,
Bocky Point, N. O.
Wo willingly give place to the above
letter, but must, at thesame time, disclaim
any intention of reflecting upon the post
master at Burgaw or the Angola mail car
rier. We have been satUfied, all along,
that tbe fault lay in the mail agents on
the line of the railroad, enly, we thought
that they did not take the time to distrib
ute it, but ran by with it and left it at
Burgaw on their return. This opinion,
although not expressed, is still plainly in
timated in our first article. We hope that
the evil will ba corrected hereafter.
County Commiioneks. The following
additional proceedings of the Board of
County Commissioners took placn at their
meeting on Monday night. They were
not ready for publication yesterday bs
oause of some alterations necessary in the
apportionment of the School Fund.
It was ordered, That for the purpose of
maintaining pub ic sch olj. i-nd for tbo
payment of teacher iu tbo different town
ships of the County of New Hanov r. re
kIihII l- xppicpriated tbe Ptitn of $4. 390, or
oe c u'f t aeb f:r t vry persou f hes -h. ol
age, hetwten 6 aid 21 years, as obder the
bchctj! cent-uti of 1870, (reckoning 8.780
sobolais,) and that tbe apportionment
hereby made be divided between the said
towu.-.bips to the r -tio of the number of
their school chi.dreu to tbe sai l ceneu?,
and that ihn Clerk of thi Board notify the
School C.mmitU&4 of the different towu
shipa. Oulered further, that as aoou as the
amount t-f school m oiej to which the
County id entitled is a cartaiued, a further
appropriation bbali be made.
'f tit follow iog are tbe amount appro
priatod to tbo diffeioiit townships, viz
Winui gun -whi 50; c Ijred. t,l?3 50
Total a.i.3i.
Holly wlute, 170 50; co-ored, t&3 50. Ttttl
6.
Lincoln- white, ISH Si'; colored, 1114 50 To'al
12 '3
Union white, $110; colore', I103. Total 21f.
H O'Gt'TI
and Bocky Poiut white, mo 5..; eijl.
or-d, $201 50 foul $312
Harnett whiie, $80 60; colored, $i7i. Tola'
$255 &a.
Jtd:rai Point white, $33; colored, $8. iotal
$76.
ColnmlU white, $115 50;colo-ed, $16 50. To
tal $279.
Maeuubcrj' white. ICl; colore'!, $28 50 To'a'
$89 50
Franklin white. $91; co'ored. $151 50. Tota
$242 50
ape Fear-white, $22; colored, $98. Total
$120.
Caewell wLi r, $108; co ored, $102 53. Total
$210 50.
Grant white, $80 50; coloteJ, $i0J 50. Total
$187.
OrdereJ, That the School Committee f
Holden and Rocky Point townships, pro
ceed forthwith to take a census of school
children, between the ags of 6 and 21
years, according to law, and report to the
Clerk of the Boar 1.
Ordered, That tbe thanks of the Com
missioners of New Hanover County are
due and are hereby tendered to the late
School Committee of Wilmington town
ships for the zeal, energy and fatihfalness
displayed by them in the performance of
their duties and farther, That the Board
takes great pleasure ia acknowledging,
more especially, the valaable services of
James H. Ohadboarn, E-q., the Chairman
of this lao School Committee, for his val
uable services and untiring interest in tbe
work of education. And it is ordered,
further, that theCleik send a copy of this
order to euc'- member ef tLe la'e School
Cjmmitted of Wilmington township.
BY TELEGRAPH.
Kium Hew York.
Nw Yoa a, Kov. 1.
Jam-a Fiek, Jr., ws fo mally arrested last
evening on a suit of Josephine Mansfield, on a
civil antio-i to rejovjr U ty thouaaal dollars of
Mi sflald. which Fik ucod bat Mlel to aco -nn-for.
He gave bail in the sum of tnirty-fivs thon
eaad dollars. A letter from 3IanUill to Fi-k
upbraiis him for perfiJj to her, and sa-s t is a
sham1) to compel her who grew up with him from
j nothing to the no w great "Erie Impretsia," to
vindicate Ucraelt m Court, oat refers to mi
achrme revea'ed to her four years ero of s ealing
Erie bonda, of staying with him in Jersey city
and how when he was baying tbe Msw York Leg
islature, he eaid it would result ia either Fiek
palaoe in New York or a atone palace at Hing
tiiog. Ha req led tied aer if i was the latter tJ
take a cottage outside tbe prison. 8he is wil ing
1 1 have tbe affaire arbitrated by Wm. M. Evarte;
bat he says, if bis power over the Courts is still
supreme, and Tammany still ab'e to proUot h m,
the reward may still be bis.
Mexican Rcwi
Matamobas, Oct. 7,
A oiuri-sr bri-it nsws from the Capital to the
23d. AM waa qaiet. Diaz is not in the field.
Ail Governor had offered Juan-z oongratnta-
tiana and enopirt to suppress th- Ion'ry
pronuaciamento.
The Jdiriatsu dj'iy the c tpita'&t oa of 8 ltilla.
The Rev jlati jnista boli 0 imm ia:oat;oa between
Monterey and Jorden.
Picm; Cincinnati.
&XCI9KA1I, Nov. 1.
Tbe Daily Ecqulrcr, the leading organ of tbe
Ohio Da mcrvcy, contriua this morning an edi
torial exjroiuiyg prifrsuce fjr Thomas A.
Boott of Pea liylv U aa tho DmicraUo oodi
date f ir Praaldi-it. Th' artio'e diacissas tfr.
Soott'ts ficnoai fjr the c0ij- at oonsi lerable
length.
Krum Baltimore.
BAivriapRB. Nov 1.
A boi er in CUIvert atreat sugar refinery explo
ded t -lay, Hilling oad ant aia'd.ng a number of
others.
From w aattln(on.
WAeniseTOJ. D. O.ficv 1
It was a ated to-day by a high Executive ofii
cor tbat it was probable that the KaElnx prison
era. with tbe excettion of torn ef the most
prominent of them would be admitted to bail.
Oapt. Georgo A. Uagrndsr, U. 8. Nav, died in
Pari.
Emery, ho gave way for Stokes, baa been rr-
a?p iuted t-Tjprivi-or of tl e Revenue for Tennes
see.
Grant offers bid interest l i the Fen ci Stone
Company for sale
Ibe debt statem-nt shows a decrease daring
tbe nonth of neatly bine millions.
The gold in the Tieacury f mounts to $99,000,-
0D0 enrreocy 10 250.000.
million and a hail of three per cents, of tbe
denomination of fire thousand from numbers 2593
to 2,818, and two thousand from number 2,567 to
2,833, lave been oalled in.
Ool. Bobb, Collector of the Customs of Bavin-
nah, has gone hom3 with tLe high assurance that
he will not be mo
A military order issned to-day transfers North
Carolina from tbe depertmant of tbe East to tbe
Jepartment of the South
The Indian territory north of Texas and south
of Kansas is added to tbe department of Texas
under c. ronand of Qeneral Augur, aud the de
partment of Texas ia added to tbe military divi
sion of the Missouri.
The department of tbe Piatte is discontinued
and the territory embraced is attached to tbe
department of Missouri.
Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi and tbe Gulf
ports, as far Eastward ai and embracing Fort
Jefferson and Key West, constitute a new com
mand called the Department of the Gulf under
command of Ool. Imory. 5th Cavalry.
Fever In CharUttoa,
CHABiXSTOH. NOV. 1.
Three deaths have been reported from yellow
feve in the last 24 hours.
The new reform city government eleoted last
August by a combination of the substantial citi
zens of all classes aad parties, waa installed into
office to-day.
Mayor Wagener will at onoe inaugurate impor
tant measures of municipal reform.
There Is great rejoicing in the community in
anseqnened of the change.
if town. Georgia.
Atlamta, Nov. 1.
Both houses of the Legislature met to-day, or
ganized, and Adjourned until to-morrow.
Ct of he General orTileaoUl Con van
'tlon of Hi P. Ef ;imrel ia the United
Baltim bb, SId, Oe. 27ib. 871
Dear Journal: Tbo House of
rr-a seuju;ea at o cm ck tan evening, a
.apaaj a
re o'.utiou wa- onVied f r a Cninmtit -e of
tbre- f each e r Jer to t oniid. r and report
at ti e xt G n-?a! Convection what is
the law of ritual iu this Chorch. &s. It
wait not c ntid-red. it being deemed out
of order. The canon relative to deposed
ministers was called up by Rev. Dr. Vin
ton. Several members were opposed to
entertaining any such thing, aa it looked
towatd the Cht-ney cse. The House of
Bishops baa concurred with the Houte
of Deputies in condemning ritual
exeets. and which U eontrary to the
authorized standards of the Protestant
Episcopal Church. Theie were certain
amendments ou tbe amocded canons rela--i.-e
to theological cdaea ion. The canons
a now amended ara in force. Tne seats
of l b-putirH hereatt r a' to be chosen
by lot. Mr. Wu. Weh-h, of Pennsylvania,
the ruoer f tins r-solution thought it
nOf fair that t,ew dioceses should be al
ways given 'hn buck sea's At about 9.30
ihe Bishops all eamo iu rcb-'d into the
chancel of the House I Deputies Service
was said, aud one of tbe most beautiful
and C'-uciliatory ts well as condemnatory
in cert- iu oas s of pastorals that I hae
.v r beard wa r--ad by the venerable
Bishop of Keutucky, the presiding Bishop
according to this church from his seniori
ty in tbe Episcopate. Tbo r astorul con
gratulaitd tbe growing up of this church
iu tbft land, ai d its prosperity. It con
demned rites n I ceremonies that implied
false doctrine. This church recognizes
no bodily presence of the L id in the
Holy Eucharist. No obedience U to be
made, no undue reverencee to the Virgin.
Oncular confession ia condemned. Irrev
erence in the rdminitration e f tbe Scra-
ment of tbe Holy
tquady condeaiued.
Cotnaiuaiou is also
After service several resolutions were
offered, thanking certain parties ia this
ciy, the Postmaster i f Baltimore, and hia
assistant, &c. The President of the House
spoke most feeficgly in Words of thanks
and praito and charity. A message No.
81, was received from the Hcuecf Bishops
looking to the resolution of deposed min
isters. It read thus
liesohed, (The Houso of C erical and Lay
Deputies concurring,) that Canon 11 of
Title II, be amendud by the addition of the
following section
Section II. A Bishop of this Churoh
mty remit and terminate any sentence of
deposition or degradation judicially pro
nounced by him upon a pretbter or dea
con within his jarisdiction, if upon rea
sons which, with unanimous advicu and
consent of the standing Committee of hia
Diccese, he shall deem safficieut, he shall
leceive from any five Bishops cf this
Church, to whoe judgment ho shall sub
mit his protOied action, with his reasoos
for he jamj, their unanimous con
sent and uppprcvil for the propos
ed lemission. The House unanimously
concurred in this, showirg mist evi
dently the oi).-t betiutifui harmony of
charity. Everything that could canonic
ally inteifere with the restoration of a de
posed or degraded minister was repealed
and adopted. The. time for adjournment
came. It was midnight. Tbe Gloria is
1.XCELCI3 sprang from every throat, mak
ing melody to the Lt- rd, I thonk God I
have been ab!e to uitntss the whole pro
ceedings of this Couvc'Ltio-?. I have seen
a great conservative power for good in
this land. I s enemies outside may seek
in vain for i's dissolution. It is stronger
aid firmer at this moment than ever. I
have seen a churoh assembled fair, indeed,
as the moon, c'oar as tbe sun, and might
ier than an army with banners. Mr.
E litor, ai I told you from the firtt that I
would not enter into dry derails of the
whole marter transacted that would re
quire too many of your columns. I have
given f imply what I thought might be of
interest. If I bavo been obscure tbo fault
is mine own. I have said nothing that I
cannot eubstantia'e. I have learned what
Kitufilism is more fully in i's connection
with this church. I havo learned t) know
more fully tbe two schools of theology,
the High and the Low. I know now tbat
brotherly love can cement the whole into
an impregnable lump. Farewell.
J. B. P.
TE Kit 03 ISM I iUKSTr;K, S. f.
Presentment of flic Grand Jury Tlie
President' Allegations WltboutFoanda
tlon.
We fiod in the C'jcotei Reporter the
presentment of the grand jury of the coun
ty which disproves entirely the charges
contained in the Presidential proclama
tion. The grand j iry (six whites and six
blacks) eay
In cooscqaenco of our having soen in
the public press a proclamation of the
President of tbe Uuited States stating, in
substance, among other things, that pnbiio
justice conld not be administered by either
the State or Federal jadiciary cr tha offi
cers thereof, and the rights of citizeDS
could not be protected by the ordinary
means heretofore provided for such pur
poses, and not being cognizant of a eiagle
casein which an executive ofnoer of the
State or Federal Government has been re-
fisted by either an individual or combina
tion of individuals in this county, we
thought proper to inquire of the command
ant of this post for any facts that he might
have ascertained which would tend to veri
fy the allegations contained in the said
proclamation.
THE SO CALLED ED KLUI OASES
The only facts which the eaid command
ant communicated to us was notices to two
freedmen, one of which is dated August
221, signed "K. K. XL," commanding the
freedmen to leave tbo State in two days
from the date thereof the other, without
date, s'gued by K K. K.," faying that
he Was a traitor, and that he would receive
a traitor s doom ia two days, with the pic
ture of tbe coffin drawn thereon, These
two freedmen were brought before ns and
examined by us, and their testimony
is submitted with this report, from which
it will appear that no violence has been
done to either of them, who still reside at
their former places of abode. We also ex
amined several other freedmen, to wit
Steven Gray, Fleming Gray, Guy Owens
and Isaac Castles, and also Abner Holley,
who depo&e in substance as follows Ste
ven Gray says that Jerry Walker. Charles
Smith; Dunlap and Beamgaard,
white, &uu Green Davis, colored, visited
bis place, about the 1st of March, iu dis
guise tbey did not find him at home,
but carried off his eun a Confederate
muskef. Fleming' "Gray sajs his
house was visited about the 1st of
March, by Greene Davis. oolored.
James Gladden and Lawson Dunlap, dis
guised; they entered his house; they did
no miury. but threatened him. flnvt
uwens says mat aeons tne nrst of March
three persons, disguised, unknown to him
entered his house, took him out
and whipped him well, and he believes
that Adam Hardin knows who thev are
Isaac Castles eay s that, on the 24th of
February last, he was visited by Garland
Smith, Wm. Carter, Walker Smith, ,Bhett
McOollum and Isaac Prysockv colored," U
disguised: that they took hold of him
and carried him oat of his house and then
called for "Number Two," when he made
his escape: shots were fired after him. Tint
he qoes not know-how many;" when they 1
0M.U10 mey i&ia wey wanted bis gun, bat
he told them that it was not there that
he had left it at the musterinur ground. I
Abner Holley says that ihe lives on Mr,
1 David Pendergrasi'rt place, and that he
j was visited about iho 2 1 of Mareb ly per-
sons in disguise- how man i'j imiuUr be
does not know and that he was struck
Depatjf 8 i thirty-nine lashes l y tbr. e ersoue, whom
nine a'118 believes to bo Dr. Wm. McCoIlum,
iiugti fendergrast unci j.Am Uiialk, and
tbat tbe said lashes wtre in 11 cled with the
strap of ..bis gun.
ONLY TffO MCBDEES A EOLEUN DZCLABA-
TION.
BirC3 tbe latt fcittiuc of the court, we
have only heard of two murders cemmitted
ia the county by white persons one was
committed ia a personal einarrdl about
some property, and the murderer immedi
ately nod and has not jet been arrested a
true bill has been found against him at this
term for the offenoe. The other murder
wa CGniautted by four white persons, in
the night time, undisguised the two col
ored persons that saw them did not know
any of them, and it is not known for what
he was murdered.
We, the grand jurors, upoa onr oaths,
aro compelled to say, from the testimony
wbicu we have taken and from onr knowl
edge of the different parts of the cjuntry
that the allegations contained in tho proc
lama'iou of the President of the United
States are without foundation aud must be
the refcult of falsehood communicated to
him by pertons equally regardlc&s of good
order and the peace of society, and wbosa
only aim in their elevation to public place
as a reward for their excessive partisan
z?ai.
THE 11'l.UIlE MUXtDER.
We would say tbat, in regard to tbo mur
der of Bird McLare, we examined the Hon.
Barney Humphries, but we could elicit no
facts from him tbat would lead to tbe dis
covery of his murderer. We also examin
ed Squire Sims and Margaret McLure, a
brother and wife of the deceased, who in
formed us that John Jaggers had told
Squire Sims that he knew t-ome of the
parties that were connected with the mur
der of Bird McLure and als.i that Lewis
Jeter bad told Mirgaret McLure that he
(Lewis Jeter) knew the parties. We sent
Squire Sims to bring Lwia Jeter before
us, but he said that L2Wis Jeter was sick
and could not attend, and, farther, that
John Jaggers lived fifteen miles frcm here
and that we could not send for him.
From the Kaleigh Sentinel.
ADDRESS
CF THE
CENTRAL EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
To the People of North Carolina
Tbe Executive Committee of tho Demo
cratic party of this State, alter consulta
tion among themselves aael with many
friends from different pirts of the State,
familiar with public sentiment, have
deemed it necessary and proper that the
Central Executive Committee shall addrees
the poople jn reference to various topics
of public interest, and particularly consti
tution reform in this State. The Central
Committee, therefore, feel especially called
upon and instructed to submit to the peo
ple such views, and to suggest such meas
ures of reform and relief as in their judg
ment are calculated to promote concert of
action and the general welfaro of the
State.
Tbe result of the eltction in August last,
although adverse to tbe call of a Conven
tion of the people, cannot bo regarded at
an exprrssion of popular approval of many
of the leading provisions of tbe present
State Constitution, for all parties with
scarcely any di sent, recognized and con
ceded the pat amount necessity for a
change in the organic law in several ma
terial particulars.
Nor can the result of that election be
properly claimed as a party success or de
feat. The isjue submitted and passed
upon waa not a party issue, although great
efforts were made by interested persona to
make it such nor was it 60 regarded or
treated by thousands of democrats and
conservatives who voted against 'con
vention." That election turned on colla
teral and immaterial usaes, most of them
suggested ond pressed upon pablic atten
tion by the great body of tho office-holders
of the State, who apprehended tbat a
convention, if called, would turn them
out of office. The office holders of the
State generally opposed tho call; they
freely used money and other appliances to
defeat it. The colored people were made
falsely to believe that a convention would
deprive them of thir freedom, or greatly
abridgo htir political right?. Thousands
voted against the call because they feared
armed interference of tho authorities of
theederal government and another war
other thousands voted against it, because
they apprehended some unfriendly inter
ference with tho present homs?e&d pro
vision, while s mo believed tho call as
made ws without the sanction of the
constitution and revolutionary; so that, we
repeat, tbo election turned, not in favor of
or against any political party, nor upon
the real merits of the issue submitted to
the people, but upon many collateral con
siderations The majority agaitst tho proposed call
for a Convention, though comparatively
meapre, settles adversely tho proposition
to amend the Constitution by a conven
tion e-f tbo people, however proper nd
desirable that method of amendment may
b: It tettlea it, because the radical mem
bers of tLo Legislature, at the behest of
their party, ananimously refused to vote
for tbe call of a convention of tho poople
by tho Legislature. Such a call cannot be
made without the votes of at least a few
of them, and they and their party thus as
eume the grave responsibility of prevent
ing the people from amending and re
formiog their organic law.
The only nmaining method of amend
ing the Constitution is by legislative enact
ment. Although the Constitution oper
ates oppressively in many respects, and
some of its provisions preclude all hope of
general prosperity while they continue in
force, yet it is manifestly the duty of every
good citizen to seek relief from such evils
by the legislative mode, however slow and
unsatisfactory in the present emergency it
may be. We venture to hope that the
members of the Legislature will, when
they assemble, at once agree npon this
plan of relief, and we respectfully tnggest
that, in the meantime, the peoplo give
prompt and free expression of their wishes
as to snch amendments as they desire, so
tbat the Legislature may be informed of
the popular will, as well as may bo in
reference to constitutional reform.
That the material, industrial and educa
tional interests of the State are in a ca
lamitous condition is manifest to the com
monest observer. There is now a direful i
incubus upon the State that deadens tbe
energies of the people and destroys all
reasonable hope of future prosperity,
Every man has the distressing sense that
he labors and toils in vain I
These evils ate not owinr to any lack of
industry and' persistent effort on the part
of the people. Ever since the late war
they have worked assiduously, and thoo
sands have labored who never labored be
fore. They have lived economically. The
soil has generally yielded good crops and
fair ptloes have been realized for them.
But lheir earnings are gone I Where aie
they Their desolated farms are not re
stored. The waste places are not built op.
The greater number of the towns and vil
lages are as decayed as at the close of the
war many of them are in a worse oondi
tion. The destroyed manufactories, with
but few exceptions, have not been rebuilt.
And where, we repeat, are the earnings of
onr impoverished people? They aro
swallowed up in ororeesivn iuar.
iupporta Bjstemof atate government
entidly expensive, aud a Badieal
gance without a t arallel ia the historv of
a free people. J
Daring the first two years nnd
pretent constitution $1,807,580 were col
lected from the people; and every dollai
of this vast sum was expended in tii0 j
ministration of tha State govercment
an averacre fif r.cpr ftonn nnn
about teu times what it cos't to adminietfr
Bu.ciuuicut ieiore tne war! TherA
belonged to the School Fond, derived from
theLind Scrip donated by tho United
States, the sum of $122,000. Thi i
was invited mostly in "eneeUl t-r W.i.,T,
and the fund is virtually lost.
'lhese monstrous evila are the legitimate
fruits of the workings of the present con
stituttcn and radical misrule under it
The present organization fastens on tho
people a system of government essentiallv
extravagant the township system a'one
making necessary about three thousand
officers at an annual expense of frrm
$300 000 to $100,000. It established
public debt amoantiner to 84(1 nan nnn
half of which is confessedly dishonest and
fraudulent, and which the people aro un
able to pay.
Under this organic law the p9opI0 ara
subjected to an intolerable mis-rale at th
hands of the radical party. By means of
notorious fraud, force and tho tAvord that
pary had absolute control of the conveu
ton that framed the present constitution
and like control of the first Legislature
that assembled under it; and although the
people were impoverished, this radical con
vention atel legislature increased the pub
lie debt from $20,000,000 to near -10 000 -000
iu less tlai eighteen months. Of th'H
$20,000,003, less than $500,000 have goto
into the public works or to the benetit of
the people. This party placed in office a
governor who absolutely fcuspendud the
constitution and laws of the State he ar
rested scores of innocent citizens without
warraut or any autboiity of law; he sus
pended the writ of habets corpus and
defied the Chief Justice of the btate ho
made bis warrant from time to time on'the
Treasurer for large sums of money with
out tho sanction of law; he raised a lawless
aud mercenary horde cf desperadoes and
armed them at the public expense to exe
cute his despotic will. This party elected
to the Sta'o convention and tho Legisla
ture scores of men notorious for their ig
norance, licentiousness, dishonesty and
corruption, who at tho behests ot their
party and knavish epeculatois increased
the pnbiio debt to the enormous 6um al
ready stated. This party degraded and
disgraced the Judiciary by election to high
judicial stations men shamefully ignorant
and corrupt, end others uho have not
ecrupled to manifest the most blatant par
tizaa feelings while holding their cilices.
This party have ruined tho credit of tho
State they have blasted tho Lopes aDd
pro?perity of tha people in the most shame
less and defiant manner they have aide
every department of tho government a by-
uu uuu itj-iuiicu. xu tBiaoudu mo iruiu
of these charges we need but point to the
history of the State for the last three years
and appeal to the observation of every in
telligent citizan.
This Constitution and this parly, with a
radical, reckless and extravagant admin
istration of the Federal Government, make
up the manifest causes of the suffering,
poverty and ruin that crush tho people of
the State. The iUdical pcrty have brought
upon us all those evil, aud there is no re
lief from them but through salutary
changes ef ihe Constitution, aud u
change of our present rulers for others
who shall be capable, honest, wire and
patriotic.
Tho piesont constitution is loose, illo
gical contradictory and absurd in maDy of
its provisions, and it were well if it could
ba entirely ro written; but this in not
practicable by tho legislative mode of
amendment. Action will bts expedited
by amending it in a few very important
particulars, for tho present, and leaving
general amendment to a fnturo time.
In th9 judgment of tho Executive Com
mittee, the Constitution should at once be
amended in the following particulars
Section G of Article 1 should be so
amended as to strike out nit thereof that
provides tho iaviolabilitv of tho public
debt.
Section 2 of Article 2 should bo bo
amended as to provide that the Legisla
ture shall meet regularly every two jearp,
instead of 6very year, and it should le
provided that the members of the L?gis!a
ture shall receive but $3.00 per day aLd
10 cents mileage, and such pay for no
longer a period than 100 days daring their
term of office.
The office of Superintendent of Public
Works should bo abolished.
Article 3, Saotion 1, should ho so
amended m the Governor and other clli
cers therein mentioned shall hold their
ofiises bat two years, instead of four yearp,
as now provided.
Section 10 of Article 3 shouldj he eo
amended as to provide that tho Gov
ernor shall nominate tho officers there
in mentioned, by and with tbe advico
and consent of the Senate, unlesi other
wise provided by law.
Articled should bo so amended as to
strike oat section 2 and 3, thus abolishing
the Code Commission.
Section 4 of this article should be strick
en out, leaving the Legislature to regulate
tho number and style of Courts. Instead
of five Supremo Court Judges, and twelve
Superior Court Judge?, as now provided,
thero ehould be but throe Supreme Court
and eight Superior Court Judges, who
shall be elected 6Very eight years. Sec
tions 11, 12, 13. 11. 15, 10, 17, 18, l'J, 23,
27, 28, 31 and 33 of article 4 should ba
stricken out, and it 6hou!d be provided
that tho judicial powers of the stato shall
be vested in one Supreme Court and :n
such Superior Courta aud inferior Courts
as the General Assembly may ostablish.
Section 4 of article 5 should be stricken
out, thus striking out tho mortgage provi
sion on all the property of tho State for the
interest of the public debt.
Section C of article 5. nhould ho 6
amended as to enlarge tho class of exemp
tions so as to include "stock and provi
sions.
Article 6, section 5. should be to attend
ed as to provide that the persons therein
rendered ineligible for office shall likewise
be rendered incompetent to. vote.
Article 7 should be abolished, except
section 13, thus sweeping away the Town
ship system and leaving the matter to tbo
Legislature.
Article 10 should be so amended as to
provide that the Homestead provisions
should apply to air debts alike, and it
should be in fee that is absolute.
Article 11, seotion -10. should ba so
amended as to provide .that its benefits
shall extend only to indigent persona.
Article 14, section 7,should ba so amend
ed as to provide that no person shall kola
any lucrative office under this State whue
he holds an office under the United States.
t Sec-5 of art. 2 should be so amendea
as to abolish the provisions for taking
census of the State in 1875, and every ten
years thereafter.
We wonld suggest as a farther amend
ment, that sec. 5 of art. 9. be so amendeo
as to provide that the University shall da
under the control ot the General Assem
bly, who shall elect a board of trustees, ei
which the Governor shall b3 ope
chairman, and sections 13 and 14 of tnav
article should bo atneken oat.
Other amendments oogbt to bo maue,
hnfc those snffcested would relieve tho poo
1a frnm tbo burdensome and cstrftYagaB