SALISBURY, CONN.
Friday Morning, Dec. 15th, 1871.
The Farmers' Reunion at Litchfield.
A goodly number of persons gathered at
Litchfield, Tuesday, Dec. 12th, for agricul
tural discussion and a social dinner. The
discussion UDon the tonic "How can our
agricultural societies be rendered more use
ful" was held in the Town Hall, Nathan
Hart, President, in the chair. This was
continued in a lively manner for nearly
three hours, till the adjournment for din
ner. The "h'orse question" of course came in
for its share of remark. The habits and
needs of our farmers are changing, and we
use more horses on our farms, and it was
the generally expressed opinion that as
speed was an important consideration to be
gained by breeding, tests of speed in breed
ing horses was perfectly legitimate, and as
for the horse trots, they were for amuse
ment and to get money to pay premiums.
It was advised to appoint committees to
visit farms in different sections of the coun
ty, and report through the papers, or at
this annual gathering.
The establishment of farmers' clubs in
every neighborhood was recommended,
and T. S. Gold, as a member of the ablest
club in the state (West Cornwall cluh) and
as secretary of the state board of agricul
ture, offered his services to assist in organ
izing a club wherever desired.
Mr. T. L. Hart, to test the judgment,
asked how many Bartlett pears of a good
size will fill a barrel Thirty-two persons
marked their guesses, varying from 300 to
750, making an average of 470. Mr. Hart
then stated the number from actual count
as 500
Mr, J. W. Blakeslee, the veteran breeder
of Devons and Merinos, offered bis views.
He was the only member present of the
original eighteen founders of the county
agricultural society about forty years ago.
Looking back upon the good old times, he
thought' Connecticut did not now occupy
the rank as breedin? the fine stock that
once covered her pastures.
T. S. Gold stated, in reply, that at the
New England fair at Manchester in 1870,
Connecticut took all the first premiums,
and all the sweepstakes, with many first
premiums in the four leading breeds of
cattle Devons, Short Horns. Jerseys and
Ayrshires. This is the rank of Connecti
cut stock.
Mr. Blakeslee. I referred to Litchfield
county. Were any of them from' this
county
Mr. Gold. There were none exhibited
from this county.
The dinner which followed at the Man
sion House was served up in Mr. Crosman's
best style, and was heartily enjoyed. There
were only a few ladies present, just enough
to make us wish for more. To close the
dinner, there was the nsual number of sen
timents offered, with one general expres
sion that it was good to gather in such a
social reunion, and that another year, this,
so successful in its beginning, should
be repeated not only in Litchfield, but
should be adopted by all the Agricultural
societies in the connty that their mutual
interests would be promoted by better ac
quaintance and opportunities of conference
with each other.
Alexia.
The grand duke left Boston yesterday,
und went to Montreal via Portland. He
will go from there to Toronto to Ottawa, and
to Niagara, and afterwards through the
west and southwest. The occasion of his
visit to this country affords an opportunity
to show the friendly feeling which this
government entertains toward Russia.
These extraordinary honors constantly be
ing showered upon him, are merely an
exhibition of. respect for the Russian govern
ment. What has he done that his presence
should call forth such an unusual excite
ment. He has grand balls given in his
honor in New York; twelve thousand'
children sing to him in Boston, railroads
and steamers furnish gratuitously their
most elaborate conveyances to transport
him wherever he chooses to go, and he is
banqueted and toasted from one end of
the country to the other, and for what
Simply because he was fortunate enough to
be born a son to the emperor of Russia.
As we saiS above, what has he done to
merit this. In the sublime and eloquent
words of Artemus Ward, "Not a durned
a thing." If he were a consummate fool, it
wonld probably be all the same. This
great ado would indeed bo the silliest non
aence, were it not for the fact that these
honors are practically bestowed upon the
government of Russia.
The Connecticut Western.
THE LAST KAIL LAID REJOICING d CANTON. A
The last rail upon the Connecticut West
ern road was laid shortly before two o'clock,
Thursday afternoon, and Hartford is now
connected with the Hudson river by rail.
It is a result which has been long desired,
and which we are much rejoiced to see
accomplished.
The connection was made in front of
Hawks' hotel in Canton, where a large
crowd of people was assembled. The last
spike was driven by E. T. Butler Esq. of
Norfolk, who also threw out the first
shovelful of earth when ground was bro
ken for this important work. Congratula
tory speeches were made by the Rev. Mr.
Bestor and other citizens of Canton. Great
enthusiasm was manifested, and bells were
rung and a salute was fired, and during this,
an unfortunate accident occurred, by which
one boy had a thumb blown off, andjuioiher
an eye destroyed, and another was some
what injured. The boys most seriously
injured were named Homer and Sogene
Shook.
After the 'completion of the track an
engine came from the western section and
brought officers of the road to Hartford,
reaching here about 3:45 p. m,
The directors of the road were in session
last evening in this city, but did not decide
when to ran regular trains. These will
not be run before week after next, and
possibly not then. The railroad commis
sioners will examine the road next week
It is not yet decided who the superinten.
dent will be. The names of several rail
road men have been named in this connec
tion, but no selection has been made, and
no complete organization of tho working
force has been decided upon, except that
some section men have been selected, and
Grier, who has been at work upon the wes
tern portion of the road, is to be road-mas
ter. Hartford Courant.
A dangerous break occurred In the Wind
sor Locks canal, on the 28th. The breach
was repaired however before much damage
was done.
WE TRAVEL.
Last Friday forenoon we started on a
special train on the Conn. Western, char
tered for our special accommodation, (not
being disposed to be "small" about the
matter, we allowed the company to haul
a dozen or fifteen car loads of ore on this
train,) and arriving in
'Canaan,
at about 11 o'clock, found that place still in ex
istence, with flattering indications ot growth.
The merchants, lawyers, landlords, drug
gists, tinners, harncssmakers, and represen
tatives of the various other trades, met us w ith
smiles beaming from every feature of their
countenance, which is an unfailing token
of their continued prosperity. Everybody
as busy as their popular "tinker" staving
around with sleeves rolled up if needs be, de
termined "to make or break." Among them
there appeared none happier than Lawyer
Hardenburgh. It has never been our good
fortune to meet that gentleman, till last
Friday. As full of fun as he is of right
down solid sound sense, it is a treat to hear
him "go on."
Those houses so recently erected in the
west part of the village, add wonderfully
to the beauty of the place and are models
of neatness and good taste. Another we
understand, "of the same sort, will Boon
be erected back of the Methodist church
by conductor Curtis, of the Housatonic
railroad. The foundations for the double
perpendicular right angled triangled Union
depot are rapidly assuming a finished as
pect, and when all is done will be a structure
worthy of the two railroads it will repre
sent. Steering to the eastward, linked on
the arm of Lawyer Roraback,we ruthlessly
entered the premises of one of Canaan's suc
cessful merchants Mr. S. C. Beckley.
We hastily alluded to this new house some
time since, which time it was sufficiently
advanced in its completion, to enable one
to form something of an idea of what it
was to be. The east part of this house is
now so nearly completed that Mr. Beckley
occupies it with his family, while the car
penters are hammering away in the other
part. This house from the outside has
indeed the appearance of an elegant and
costly structure, and an examination of the
interior from cellar to garret, corroboiates
fully this impression formed by the exter
nal view. It needs the pen of an architect
to designate accurately the various features
of the inside finish, and an attempt on our
part to do more than give a general idea,
would be presumptuous. The cellar is
hewn out of the solid rock. The ceilings
are high and made of "hard finish the
casings of every door and window in the
house are decorated with mouldings, and
many of them beautifully arched. The
floors of part of the rooms are made of
narrow strips of boards, (perhaps 3 or 4
inches wide,) of alternating black walnut
and some kind of light wood can't now
tell what it was, if we ever knew have
forgotten carpenters will know what we
mean if other people do not. The mop
boards are high and made of the narrow
strips to match the floors. Suffice it to say,
every part is skillfully planned and elabo
rately wrought. The whistle of the loco
motive blows and we must be at the depot,
prepared for the extensive and tedious rail
road ride of two miles to
Ashley Falls.
As the new depot at that place is the all
absorbing topic just now, we must conflue
our remarks concerning that village, exclu
sively to that. This depot is now com
plete. It is the largest on the road between
Pittsfield and Bridgeport, and is furnished
with every convenience the business
demands. A large windlass with tackle
in the center of the large freight room,
enables one man to move to any part of
that room, the heavy bales and boxes, and
a huge crane. outside witba capacity to
easily move five tons, makes the business
of handling the heavy freights, a compara
tively easy task. The offices and rooms
for the accommodation of passengers, arc
very neat and comfortable, and the office
of the agent, Mi1. Strong, (arranged as per
bis direction,) is as convenient as it seems
possible to make it, every drawer being
furnished with appartments to accommodate
the respective bills and papers of the office.
We understand that the freight for the
month of November, from this station, has
averaged 23 tons per day the greater part
of it coming from the paper mills of Mill
River. At about a quarter past five o'clock,
somehow or another we found ourself ifi
West Cornwall.
This is 'a very large place, and full of ob
jects of interest, considering their number
and size. We might pen an article a col
umn's length on the natural beauty of this
place its lofty mountains, navigable riv
ers, &c, &c, but it is sufficient for this
hasty visit during the evening to say that
as usual, Geo. Henry is as polite and atten
tive as ever, dispensing drugs .and and
extra copies of the News John Q. in his
office poring over some recent law ques
tion; Selectman Ocain rattling around
Cochrane Scoville's store, making a great
deal of noise, trying to say something that
sounded like "lottery tickets Johny S
trying (and with very good success) to get
people interested in Gold's celebrated hea
ters; Crandall the depot agent looking
always with an eye to the interests of the
railroad company, and Deacon Pratt;
well the Deacon treated us handsomely
anyway, and this is the way he did-it.
When he invited us to his house to tea, we
declined, as we were already provided for
in that respect, but as we gently whispered,
"no sir thank you, but if you will ask us
to stay over night with you, guess very
likely would be glad to." We lodged with
the Deacon last Friday night. Saturday
morning, Agent Crandall way-billed us
through on the morning freight for
Cornwall Bridge.
We really wish our time and space would
admit of an extended report of all we saw
in this village rather quiet as we saw it
Saturday, but somehow everybody seems
to have something to do, and seem to be
doing it. AH busy, even to the shoemaker
Ezra Bnrgett. His hammer bobbed up and
down like a woopecker's head on a yellow
pine stump, and the pegs dodged into the
bottom of the boot he held securely in his
lap, with almost incredible rapidity. None of
your new f angled pegging machines needed
around that establishment; but what has
this pegging business to do with the ready
made clothing in Kellogg Skiff's store.
Those long tables up stairs loaded so heavily
with such nobby suits, are a feast to look
upon. If an editor was ever known to
have any money, we should have tried our
credit for one of them, but what is the use
of torturing ourself with the idea that we
can ever indulge in such an luxury again.
Kent,
Is one of the prettiest villages in North
Western Connecticut Its wide streets,
with their rows of beautiful trees on either
side add not only much to the beauty of the
place, but to the comfort of its inhabitants
during the hut si-io. of July and August.
This must be u favorite resort for visitors
from the cities at this season. The short
hour the train gave us Saturday, furnished
us but an exceedingly limited time to look
about this place and to make calls. Fuller
Co's store is well slocked with goods and
'Will" wiU suit people if they .will give bira
a chance. Mr. Conn seems to have a much
larger stock of drugs than last summer
when we were there. A few Yankee Notions,
just to chink in the odd corners, add much
to the appearance of his store. Mr. C's 16
years experience must recommend him to the
confidence of the good people of Kent, and
when they call for tartaric acid or soda,
they know he wont by mistake put up
arsenic. Many other places we would
have been glad to have "just dropped in a
moment," but the train would n't wait for
us.. Where in Kent is there a better na
tured man than Landlord Judd He took
us to be a Danbury man, because of course
we were a "pretty fair looking sort of a
chap." Danbury folks are always hand
some. This extensive trip of a dozen or
twenty miles we made in about 28 hours.
Few have traveled so far and have seen so
much in so short time. We rather like
traveling.
The First Train From Hartford.
Last Wednesday morning the locomo
tive "Salisbury," with a passenger and
smoking car, carrying the general railroad
commissioners Presideut Barnum Secre
taryCoe; Directors Watson.Gilbtrt. Dudley
and Stevens, with the representatives of
the press, started from Hartford ut a!out 8
o'c'ock and passed over the Connecticut
Western railroad to Millerton on a topr of
inspection, and returned the same day.
The train was run entirely to suit the de- j
sire of the railroad commissioners in the
performance of their duty as official in
spectors of the road.
We received from President Barnum
lost Monday, an invitation to join the
company on this tour, but .as the train
started from Hartford in Utti morning, we
could not spare the time necessary to make
the entire trip. The train arrived in this
village at about a quarter to one o'clock
in the afternoon, when five or six of our
citizens were added to the company. Here
we found delegations from Hartford, Win
sted, Norfolk aud from some of the other
stations, who had by invitation accom
panied the train. All appeared to be in
the best of spirits, and seemed to enjoy
the excursion immensely. The press was
represented by Mr. Hubbard of the Hart
ford Courant J. L. Barbour of the Post
Mr. Burr of the Times and Mr. Tail of the
Winsted Herald.
The train glided rapidly toward Lake
ville, Ore Hill and Millerton the road
riding as smoothly as could be desired, in
fact it was unanimously admitted that the
car glided along as evenly as those on
roads which have Tor many years been
built and worked. The train arrived in
Millerton at about 20 minutes past 1 o'clock,
and after lunch, which was served in the
smoking car, and an examination of the
location of the proposed Union depot there,
the return trip to Hartford was commenced.
We learn from those who came from Hart
ford, that the trip from there to Millerton
was very successful nothing occurring to
mar their enjoyment.
A short section of 4 or 5 miles, is all
there is of the entire road that remains to
be ballasted, and gravel trains working on
each end of this section, with good gravel
banks handy, will complete the job in
about a week. After due deliberation, the
commissioners the same night in Hartford,
accepted the road, and next Wednesday is
named as the day regular trains are to
commence running.
The passenger cars of the road are in
every respect first class. They are supplied
with a patent coupling arrangement, patent
air brakes, and heated by Barker's patent
steam car heater. The locomotives of the
road, and in fact all the rolling stock are
second to none in the country. We under
stand there will be no formal opening of
the road by excursion trains or celebration,
but that inducements will be offered by way
of excursion tickets, for people from all
parts of the line to become acquainted with
the new conveniences the road offers to
public travel.
The consummation of this work is of the
greatest importance to the people of North
Western Connecticut, as it brings, as i1
were, Hartford to our veiy doors. This
opens to us an opportunity to reach a
market for our produce, and to obtain the
advantages which a city affords for the
purchase of goods, that the people of this
section will not be slow to improve. In
conversation on the train with Mr- Moore,
of the firm of Moore, Weeks Co., Fancy
Grocers, &c, of Hartford, he said that the
interests of the people of Hartford aud of
this section are identical, and he is right.
We hope soon to pass over the road to
Hartford, when we expect to be able to
give our readers, more in detail, a descrip
tion of the eastern portion of this" new
thoroughfare.
W. A. Hiester, Esq., ass't engineer of the
C. W. R. R., has our thanks for a copy of
the Hartford Courant, brought direct from
Hartford via; the Conn. Western railroad,
the first paper received by us over that
route. Below we append a list of the sta
tions of the road, with their distances from
Hartford
MILES
Bloomfield...'. 6
Tariffville 12
Simsbury 15
Stratton Brook 17
Canton 21
Collinsville 23
Pine Meadow 27
New Hartford 28
Winsted r....34
West Winsted
South Norfolk ..39
Norfolk 44
West Norfolk 46
Whiting River
East Canaan 50
Canaan 53
Twin Lakes 56
Chapinville 57
Salisbury 61
Lakeville 63
Ore Hill 65
Millerton 68
Flag stations.
The choir of the St. John's street M. E.
church, New Haven, sang the opera of the
Haymakers Thanksgiving evening.
A Danbury, Conn., man saw his daugh
ter into the cars and passed around to her
window for a parting look at her. While
he was passing out the daughter left the
seat to speak to a friend, and the same time
a prim looking lady who occupied the seat
with her moved up to the window. Una
ware of the important change inside, our
venerable friend hastily put his face up to
the window and hurriedly exclaimed: "One
more kiss, sweet pet." In another instant
the point of a blue cotton umbrella caught
his seductive lips, followed by the passion
ate injunction: "Scat, you grayheaded
wretch!" and he scattered.
gome f)taw&
We shall feel greatly obliged to any of our
friends in the connty, or elsewhere, who will send
ns particulars of any occurrences of interest which
may come under their notice.
Connecticut Western News.
Extra Copies of the News can be obtained at
Post Office
Grant Sweet's
F. C. French's
Post Office
Humphrey's Drag Store
Post Office
Post Office,
Post Office,
Faller Co's store,
Sam'l L. Gager's,
In this Village.
Lakeville.
Lime Rock.
Cornwall Bridge.
Canaan
Norfolk.
Ashley Fall.
West Cornwall.
Kent.
Sharon.
New Advertisements.
Farm for Sale, Geo. L.Page.
Notice, Eobt. Little,
House for Sale, John R. Proctor.
Notice, W.H.Walton, Jr.
Administrator's Notice, Estate of Henry Hall.
"Laborer." We have to ask this corres
pondent to wait till next week for his com
munication. Salisbury Depots. These depots are now
sluted, and enclosed on all sides and pain
ted. They will soon be ready for the
masons.
Neio Arrival. A horse barber has ar
rived in town, and last Monday sheared one
of Mr. Hurd's livery horses "from stem to
stern."
Gas Explosion. The gas works at Win
sted exploded last Friday afternoon, at
about 4 o'clock. No lives were lost. Two
men were severely burned about the luce
and hands.
Track liaised. The Housatonic R. 11.
Company have made considerable improve
ment at Kent, having raised the track 2 1-2
feet high for a half mile distance, and re
moved the decrepit wood shed at the sta
tion. Lost. Last week Tuesday, a whip with
Mr. George Coffing's name on it, was lost
between Mr. George Dodge's residence and
Mr. Robert's store in Lakeville. If the
finder will bring it to this office, a liberal
reward will be paid him.
Named the Wrong Man. A correspon
dent from West Cornwall recently said
that Mr. James Cochrane hud purchased
the Wright farm in that place. This we
are informed is a mistake Mr. Thomas
Wilson of that place being the man that
made the purchase.
Correction-. In our offer last wee.k to
give the News thirteen months for $2,00,
the types made it read that we would "give
the News from now to January 1st 1872,
for two dollars paid in advance." It is
hardly necessary to say it was intended to
read January 1st 1873, instead of 1872.
The Barrington Bobber. Hine, the rob
ber of the Mahaiwe Bank, in Great Bar
rington, and who was arrested in Califor
nia, arrived in that village last Wednesday
in company with Sheriff Root and Mr.
Dodge, the president of that bank. After
an examination he was conducted to Pitts
field to await his trial.
Freight Trains. Freight trains now run
daily on the Connecticut Western road,
from Millerton to Winsted, taking full
loads of freight east, mostly coal and iron
ore from the several beds in Salisbury, Old
Hill and the Davis and Porter beds, to the
furnaces at. Canaan, Cornwall, Kent, Cha
pinville, etc. often taking twelve to fifteen
cars at once over the heavy grades.
Lyceum. The Wachocastinook debating
society held a public meeting last Monday
eyening in Academy hall in this village. A
large delegation from Lakeville was in atten
dance. Next Monday evening, a debate is
to be held in the academy school room, in
Lakeville, which is said will be a private
debate. It will be too bad if Salisbury
does n't reciprocate the good feeling and
interest manifested by Lakeville, and turn
out aud give a good representation of this
village at that meeting.
Ore Discovery. Holley Cofflng some
thing like 40 years ago, bought a parcel of
land on the north side of the Davis ore bed
and very near to it, with the expectation it
contained iron ore. After diligent search,
none of consequence was found, and the
project of obtaining ore there was aban
doned. Recently their heirs concluded to
instigate another and more thorough search,
and their efforts have been rewarded by the
discovery of a large quantity of. ore. A
tunnel was pushed into the bill about 60
feet before ore was found, although it was
afterward ascertained that on either side of
the tunnel, ore was in abundance, but for
tune obliged them to go the 6q feet before
ore chanced to show itself.
Singular Coincidence. At Mrs. Paine's
in Cornwall, stands a large clock which
was owned by a lady who for many years
has resided in the west. This clock has
regularly and accurately marked the hours
during the owner's years of absence, until
a few days since, when it stopped and no
tinkering or coaxing could induce it to
move on.- Dead it was determined to be,
and was. Singular as it may seem, the
friends in Cornwall were informed soon
after, that this lady in the west, the owner
of this clock, was dead, and it was found
that she died at the same hour at which the
pendulum had ceased to vibrate. Supersti
tion seems to be an ever present ingredient
in the make up of the human race, and the
above coincidence of course will furnish a
delicate morsel for the horse shoe brigade.
New Roads. A petition has been signed
by perhaps 40 or 50 of our citizens, asking
the selectmen of the town to lay out two
roads from our main street to the depots
in this village. We are informed by one of
the selectmen, that two roads appears to
them to be uncalled for. Mr. Geo. Feet of
Falls Village, who is the owner of the land
through which these roads are to run, if
laid out, says the second road will run
through a site for a large hotel, which he
had calculated to erect and which he had
gone so far as to engage an architect to
build, and which if the road passes through,
will entirely destroy. Mr. Peetsays if the
town will wait and give him a chance, he
will do more for the real benefit of the
place, that the people will do for themselves
with the same tract of land. He is willing
to give the land for one road, but if the
town is determined to have two, they will
pay him for both of them, and everything
else they get of him. We are requested to
ask if it is not best to wait a little, and see
what Mr. Peet will do, when he gets the
opportunity.' A road is suggested by some
to run from opposite the old Peet store, or
what is now the tin shop in this village,
directly east to the railroad switch, in
stead of having the second one so near
to the first, as is desired by the others. A
road laid in this way, would accommodate
those living further north, while the south
road would serve those of the south part of
the village. Let all be heard and the wisest
course pursued.
Holiday Goods. F. Richardson, at the
Variety store, has just returned from New
York with a large assortment of Holiday
goods. Call in and look at them.
Our Side Walks. Mr. Daniel Pratt is
conducting the work on our sike walks and
will carry tho the work on them from the
Episcopal church to the railroad crossing
near Mr. Bundy's. He says his job is
already half completed, and so far as we
have seen, is well done.
That Coal Question. Since the News of
last week made its appearance, some con
siderable enquiry has been made concern
ing the "coal" item, where we stated that
our advices for Norfolk informed us that
coal was there retailing at $8.50, when in
Salisbury it was sold for $9.00. To satisfy
all, will our correspondent be kind enough
to say next week whether the $8.50 coal
was chestnut coal, or stove size.
The LiUipution Advertiser. We have
been banded a newspaper which is pub
lished in Litchfield and called the LiUipu
tion Advertiser, and which approaches in
size nearer to the microscopic journals
published in Paris during the late war,
than any we have ever seen. It is a
monthly publication and the copy for De
cember which is before us, is number 6 of
volume 1. It is a folio, and a page of it
measures precisely 3 5-8 inches wide and
4 3-8 inches long. It must require a vast
amount of enterprise and capital to run a
journal of that size.
The two following items are from our
ink slinging Lake villain-
More Corn-age than Wisdom. An un
known heroic dog made a courageous bat
ineffectual attempt to stop the freight train
at Lakeville the other day, by placing one
of his rear leas before the engine. The
leg stopped the train did not. The cur
incwrred this occurrence by not reewrring
to the current warning; "Look out for the
bell when the engine rings."
Thank You. The thanks of the Wa
chocastinook Lit's. are due and are hereby
tendered to Mr. William Jones, for his
kindness in publicly advertising their meet
ing of last Monday evening. He marched
upon his advertising tour, with the elastic
step of one who serves his country for his
country's good.
Ihe News. Within the past week we
have established four new agencies for the
receipt of subscriptions and sale of extra
copies of the News viz, at the Post offices
in Ashley Falls and West Cornwall, and
at Fuller Co's store in Kent and with
Mr. Samuel L. Gager in Sharon. In sub
scribing for the News, it will be found
very convenient to hand in the subscrip
tion at any of the places mentioned at the
head' of this column. We hope soon to
establish more of these agencies. We
have received thus far, more encourage
ment from the people of North Western
Connecticut in the establishment of this
enterprise, than we had anticipated, and
we feel deeply grateful for the interest
manifested in our success. We expect to
keep the News at as high position in jour
nalism it already fortunately has obtained,
and if it be possible shall make it better.
The Winsted." This Conn. Western
locomotive made her first trip through our
village to Millerton last Tuesday forenoon,
taking the regular freight train. It is of
the same class of engine as the "City of
Hartford," and "Salisbury" and looks very
much like tbem. After taking its first
drink at the water tank here, it was cut
loose from the train, which had been
pushed ahead of it, and went to the upper
part of the switch to take out another car,
and while it was gone, the train which it
had left at the tank concluded no doubt.
that if they got to Millerton on time, they
must be moving along, even if they had to
go alone, and away they went down be
hind the hill out of sight. We have n't
heard whether they concluded to hold up
after a time, and allow the engine, which
was laboring hard to keep in sight of them,
to catch up and hitch on and take it along
with them.
Heavy Park. Mr. Editor Mr. John
Russell of Wetaug killed five hogs last
week Thursday; the combined weights of
which was 2590 pounds. Three of these
were spring pigs, the weight of the three
being at the small figure of 1 106 pounds.
The weight of the two old hogs, were res
spectively 760 and 724 pounds, the last
weight being the mother of a litter of
eleven pigs the past spring, the three spring
pigs mentioned above being three of this
litter. Their respective weights were 412
380; and 14 pounds. The amount of
corn used in fattening all of the above
mentioned pork was forty two bushels, all
of which was ground and tolled, except
that part of the amount fed them in the
ear, during the last two weeks before they
were butchered. This last two weeks of
feeding the corn on the cob, it is thought
did not add a pound to their weight. The
two old hogs were.two years old last month,
and were not put in the pen and fed on
meal till the middle of September last, It
is thought that if they were shut up and
commenced feeding meal the first of Au
gust, four hundred pounds would have
been added to their weight. The expense of
growing this pork will not exceed four
cents per pound including everything. I
would recommend the farmer to get Mr.
Russell's breed of hogs, and they will have
no trouble in competing with Western
pork, for with this breed you can grow
pork for four cent per pound, and with
good care, for less than that figure. Van.
Ore Sill.
A short time since, a horse working in
the ore bed dropped dead before the cart.
He seemed to be in the best of healt hand
capable of doing a great deal of work just
previous to his death Mr. Homer Glbbs
has men engaged building him a new barn.
On Tuesday our district school was
visited by a gentleman accompanied by his
son from Scoharie, N. Y.. I was after
ward informed his name was Silvernail.
He remained the greater part of the day,
and when he left he spoke in the highest
terms in regard to school teachers and all.
The Chatfield Mining Co. have recently
been putting a crusher in their ore bed for
crushing the ore, and it is said to do good
execution thus far. There was a private
party given at the residence ot Mr. John
Barnett on Wednesday evening. It was
said to be very select, no bachelors and
very few maiden ladies were present. It
was said to be a grand affair games of all
kinds being the amusement, with an occa
sional kiss for each one. No string music,
only the string used in playing Copenhagen.
It was called by some a first class kissing
party. I tried hard for an invitation to
take a lesson or two, but no use, my age
must have been against me They have
stopped working one of the ore beds, called
the Mammoth bed, this winter, as the whole
force have been put in the Brook pit, mov
ing dirt with the help they had on hand.
They are to move dirt all winter to prepare
for digging the ore next cummer. A. F.
Sharan.
Our worthy and well known'nciglibor,
Mr. Hiram Weed, has recently experienced
strange transformation. About six
weeks ago, his hair was black, but. it is
now a silver white, and hU beard has also
ceased to grow. This has all taken place
inside of six weeks, while in the enjoy
ment of perfect health.' I would also state
that Mr. Weed had a very heavy beard
now his face is as smooth, as a young girl's,
as far as beard is concerned. I wonder
what next is going to happen to him, I
liope nothing serious. .......A Thanksgiving
party was held at Humaston's hotel and
all passed off quietly. Their music was
by Barton's band Our fences are all
frozen in and unmoveable and the posts
are as firm as if set in brimstone. Every
body here is pleased with the Conn. Wes
tebn News. Venture.
West Cornwall.
It is not surprising, Mr. Editor, that you
should find it necessary to come down here.
as you did last week, to be convinced that
West Cornwall has not, up to date, fol
lowed the illustrious example of Sodom
and Gomorrah. True, we have been trea
ted to a very liberal dose of fire and water
(one at a time,) but the effect has been to
rejuvenate; not destroy. We do not brag,
but upon all important occasions please
"consider us thar," $ven if we "don't say
much." Just at present we are laying low
as a community i. c. not much going on
except a rather brisk trade in tickets, which
entitle the holder to one distributive share,
in a "Grand Gift Enterprise," to be drawn
Jan. 1st. 1871, at Wolcottville, and also
oue in Hartford. Several of the lucky
ones have made partial arrangements to
move into the "House on Migeou ave.
Wolcottville," immediately after the first
proximo. Others, with more aristocratic
ideas, propose to -move into the "Brick
house on Buckingham St.. Hartford. We
shall try to submit with becoming resigna
tion, realizing that "our loss will be their
gain." Q.
Millerton.
Miss Carrie Knickerbocker has commen
ced her sebool in her new building recently
erected west of the Congregational church.
On the morning of the 3rd, inst, a man was
found dead lying nenr the railroad, with a
small push or hand car near him, a short
distance north of this village. It was a
workman on the Dutchess Columbia R,
R., named James Donahoe, having charge
a gang 01 men, or in oilier words a sec
tion boss. It is supposed he was coming
down the heavy grade the night before,
and the car got the advantage and ran off,
killing him almost instantly It is re
ported the commissioners of the Conn.
Western R. R. are to come here this week,
to inspect the road from Hartford to this
place, and it accepted, to see passenger
trains in a short time People are well
pleased with the landlord of the Millerton
Hotel. He contemplates making various
improvements about the premises. Mr.
Card of the Planet House is making an ice
house, which will be a great and valuable
convenience. Mr. C. is an enterprising and
popular landlord, and will meiit and obtain
his share of the public patronage.
CUBBEKTEE CALAMO.
Goshen.
This town having had a siege of the law
has now turned its attention to the gospel.
The law cases were, a bill in equity to set
aside a trust deed given to John M. Wad
hams by Alpheus Hodges, was on trial for
six days, and the result is not yet known,
but the community are of the opinion that
Wadhams should be sustained, and certain
lv John M. is of she same opinion. It. is
said that a certain California widow pos
sessed great influence with Uncle Alpheus,
and he had given her $10,000 or more, but
the trust deed spoiled the game, hence the
fight. The case of Bently vs. Allyn, for
damages for the bile of a dog, called about
all the able-bodied population of the town
to Litchfield, but the testimony seemed to
prove that the dog sustained a good moral
character, and the injury complained of
was the result of children's play.
The Congregational church and society
have invited Rev. Mr. Hazen of Lee to be
come their pastor. In case he should ac
cept, we fear that the occupation of the
chairman of the society's committee will be
gone, although we would advise the law as
well suited to his tastes, for he seems to
have given it close attention for the past
month.
The collar factory under the management
of E. G. Roberts is running day and night
to fill its orders. The academy, under the
charge of Miss Howe, is flourishing. Every
seat in the room is occupied, which fact
speaks well for the teacher, as a year ago
she commenced with only 15 scholars, and
this term with about 50. M. N. Gray and
family have gone to Bridgeport for the
winter H. G. Smith and family to New
Haven, and Moses Lyman, Esq., expects
to start for Florida this week. J. C.
Norfolk.
Observing that the school children in
Salisbury and Lakeville, make ihe post
office a general rendezvous during mail
time, I am led to think that Norfolk has
been not alone. The conduct of the school
children of Norfolk having become an out
rageous imposition upon good nature, the
Postmaster here has, I see, been obliged to
enforce Sec. 25, Gen'l Regulations, P. O.
Dep't, which provides that all persons shall
be excluded from the office until the mail
is ready for distribution. This order has
been enforced here during the past week,
and like Renne's Magic Oil, "works like a
charm." The children hardly fancy wait
ing outside some 20 minutes, with the ther
mometer at 0, but tho general endorsement
of the general public is 'served them right.'
The railroad commissioners pass over
and examine the C. W. railroad on Wed
nesday, and we are promised certainly some
regular trains on Monday next. Mr. Whi
ting, our miller, continues to receive car
loads of corn shipped direct from Illinois.
I observed standing on the turnout at this
depot, a car on which is painted, "Atlantic
and Pacific R. R. Through line. Omaha,
Sacramento and San Francisco." This
looks a little out of place up among the
black hills of Norfolk, and seems to aston
ish the natives muchly. A rumor has been
current some days that Mr. E. T. Butler
had been appointed superintendent of the
C. W. R. R. If true, this is indeed good
news, for no man has worked harder for
the road, and, in my opinion, to him more
than any other one man are we indebted
for having the road through Norfolk. A
house (unoccupied) owned by Dr. Sterns
was entered some time list week, and sev
eral articles stolen therefrom. After dili
gent search, a coat taken from the bouse
was found upon one Freeman, a young
man of color, who claimed to have found
it the evidenpe however showed the con
trary, and the young gentleman of color is
bound over to appear at Litchfield, there to
prove himself guiltless if he can.
Seet-se-bea.
The Prince of Wales,
HIS DEATH EXPECTED AT ANT MOMENT.
The Prince of Wales for several days
past has been lying at the point of death,
with a fever. We give below some of the
latest telegrams concerning him.
London, Dec. 12. 5 a. m. The Prince
of Wales, according to an official dispatch
just received from Sandringbani, passed a
very restless night. There are no signs ot
improvement in his condition aud death is
imminent at any time during to-day from
suffocating attacks. His strength is not so
good, and what sleep he has is followed
by restlessness and inquietude. His chest
symptoms are bad. The Princess Alex
andra is greatly exhausted. Tho Princess
Royal Victoria, wife of the crown prince
of Germany, is hourly expected at San
dringham. The excitement in London and
iu the provinces is greater than during the
Crimean war.
ANXIETY THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY.
The telegraph lines are blocked with a
multitude ot messages sent to and fro con
cerning the prince, and th'e greatest anx
iety is manifested to obtain the latest news.
The morning and evening papers issue
extra editions at every hour. Official bul
letins from Sandringbani, which are too
rarely issued, however, to satisfy the public
demand, are posted up as soon as received
at the Marlborough House, the city resi
dence of the Prince of Wales, aud the
Mansion House and Horse Guards, where
they are surrounded by great crowds of
anxious aud silent people.
PRAYERS FOB THE PRINCE.
In accordance with the request of the
Archbishop of Canterbury, prayers lor the
recovery of the heir apparent were iutro
duced in the service in all the Anglican
churches yesterday. In the Roman Catho
lic churches, Jewish synagogues and dis
seating chapels, special prayers were also
offered.
BUSINESS WHOLLY SUSPENDED.
The feeling of grief for the present and
uneasiness for the future is profound and
widespread. Business is almost wholly
suspended throughout be country.
EFFECT ON THE MARKET.
The firmness of the market is not owing
to favorable news, but the fact that the
prince's death has been thoroughly dis
counted.
From an entirely unexpected source we
have received the following concerning
JHrs. Howe's Concert.
Mr. Editor. New York, Dec. 8th 1871.
The debut of Mrs. Rowe last evening was a
complete and genuine success. Weber's
hall was filled to overflowing with a very
enthusiastic audience, and an audieuce
which in proportion to its number, prob
ably contained more of the wealth, the fash
ion and the brains of New York, than ever
before called together on a similar occasion
Mrs Rowe was warmly and heartily received
from first to last. She sang six solos, all
of which were rendered with much skill in
execution, correct taste, a great deal of sym
pathy and apparently without effort. 'Han
del's Angels ever bright and fair," was giv
en without a fault, and a little ballad called
"I cannot sing the old songs" came forth
with a beauty and sweetness of expression
that was very impressive. She also took
part in a duet with Mr. Fiuley Finlayson,
a baritone of some note. Her other assis
tants were Mr. Geo. Simpson, a popular
and favorite tenor, and Mr. Ferdinand
Vonlnten, a very excellent pianist. One
attractive feature of Mrs, Rowe's singing is
found in her clearness and, distinctness of
articulation. Her voice is, properly speak
ing, a heavy soprano, though some of our
critics prefer to call it a mezzo soprano,
from the fact that it maintains its volume
and power several notes below that of the
ordinary soprano voice. It is a voice
which, the more you hear, the more strongly
you are impressed with its capacity, and
though ic may not possess the marvelous
power of Madam Parepa's, or the bewitch
ing sweetness of Nilsson's, yet it has f
certain richness, and fullness, with depth
and tenderness of expression, which is
peculiar to itself, and which will entitle its
owner to rank among the first in the pro
fession she has now chosen.
Completion of the. sbepanf Valley-
Railroad.
THE LAST BAIL LAID NEAB LITCHFIELD.
Litchfield, Dec. 8.
The last rail of the Shepaug Valley rail
road was laid yesterday about 11 o'clock,
and Litchfield Hill was greeted by the
whistle of tho locomotive. Tho track has
been laid by two gangs of workmen. They
met about four miles below the depot
The rails met exactly without cutting. The
villagers were in high spirits at the sight
and sound of the engine and its whistle,
A large portion of the road stock is owned
by Litchfield. It is expected that regular
trains will soon be running on the road.
STATE NEWS.
The States prison inmates had a Thanks
giving dinner.
A Durham hog killed last week, weighed
669 pounds.
The Birmingham M. E. church has raised
$6,000, and cleared their debt.
The New Haven Palladium was the only
Eastern morning paper printed Friday.
The Rev. E. B. Sanford, late of Corn
wall, is preaching in Nort afield.
A Hartford bank had a check f or "f orgbty
to" dollars presented for payment a few
days since
Cornelius Vanderbilt jr., and wife cele
brated their crystal wedding near Hartford,
Monday evening.
Morris is forming a vigilance committee
to ferret out the thieves that infest that
place.
Mr. A. G. Hull, the maker of the Cardiff
Giant, was in Kent last week buying to
bacco. Trumbull is waking up after fifty years'
sleep. The railroad engine shrieks have
caused it.
Navigation on the Connecticut river
closed on Wednesday, 30th ult, the earliest
in twenty seven years.
A liberal Westportman has given $100
to each of the five churches in the place
for the benefit of the poor.
Mrs. Stiles, the South Windsor prisoner,
will be tried in Hartford at the next term
of the Superior Court.
David Clark, Esq., of Hartford, gave
away 100 turkeys Thanksgiving Day, be
sides other fowls, etc., innumerable.
Mr. Charles Deming while crossing the
ice at New Britain, Thanksgiving Day,
fell through and was drowned.
The Rev. Robert Collyer of Chicago is
to marry Qlive Logan and Wirt Sikes, in
New York on the 14th of December.
The man who receutly almost severed
one of his wrists with an ax, in Sherman,
is in the hospital at New Haven and appears
to be religiously insane.
The Meriden amateurs, having been so
successful in the opera of the "Haymakers,"
will soon bring out "Genevieve, Pepita,"
and the "Doctor of Alcantara."
Tho employes of Geo. S. Lincoln Co's
foundry in Hartford each received a turkey
Thanksgiving. It took over one hundred
to go around.
The steamboat, Mary Augusta, intends
to' make regular trips from Derby to New
York till the close of navigation, if the
public will patronize her.
Dr. Shew is furnishing some of the
houses bought by the trustees last summer,
near the Middleto wn Hospital for the Insane,
for the accommodation of the milaer clas
ses of patients.
The Campbell monument in Allington,
erected to the memory of Campbell, the
British officer who fell near the spot in the
Revolution, has been destroyed by a party
of students.
Mr. A. Crawford has a hundred acre farm,
which is located in three towns and the
same number of counties, viz Chatham,
in Middlesex county Colchester, in New
London, and Marlboro, in Hartford.
The Watch Hill house at Watch Hill.
has been sold to Albany parties for $40.-"
000. Several acres of land have been
purchased, and it is proposed to put up the
finest hotel on the coast. An avenue is to
be opened through the land, and cottage
cites will be laid out.
It is authoritivelv stated that the report
about Yung Wing, '54, bringing several
Celestials to Yale, may be true after all.
He is now at Pekin endeavoring, with a
good prospect of success, to get an appro
priation from tho Chinese government for
the support of thtso new conters.
The- secretary of the Hartford New
York Steamboat company on Friday re
ceived the following telegram from New
Yorkt "The City arrived at 5 o'clock.
One birth on the passage. Mother and
child landed in good condition. Young
one crowing as if just from the hen con
vention,' and named Jennie Alice City of
Hartford O'Flannigan.
"Blushing. A suffusion least seen in
those who have the most occasion for it."
Abcess. A morbid tumor, frequently
growing above the shoulders, and swelling
to a considerable size, when it comes to a
head, with nothing in it. It is not always
a natural disease, for Nature abhors a
vacuum, yet fools fops and fanatics are
very subject to it, and it sometimes attacks
old women of both sexes. "I wish to con
sult you upon a little project I have formed"
said a noodle to his friend; "I have an idea
in my head". "Have you enterposed the
friend, with a look of great suprise, "then
you shall have my opinion at once. Keep
it there it may be some time before you
get another."
The life of nine-tenths of mankind is a
gross error of calculation, since they attach
themselves to the evanescent, and neglect
the permanent accumulating riches in a
world from which they are constantly
running away, and laying up no treasures
in that eternity to which every day, hour,
minute, brings them nearer and nearer."
itllLLERTOIV IQARH-ETS.
Reported weekly by J. N. Van Deusen,
Produce and Commission merchant. Har
lem R. R. depot, Millerton, N. Y.
Sheep, per lb 0507
Lambs 0508
Veal Calves, 0608 1-2
Hides, 67 1-2
Spring Chickens, (dressed) IS 15
Old Fowls, (dressed) 1214
Butter 8038
Eggs, per doz 35
Pears, bbl $3.00010.00
Apples prbbl, $4.00(35.00
Pork (light.) 07
Pork (heavy.) 614
Tallow, 7 1-2
Rough Tallow, 6
Turkeys (dressed.) 1416
Lard 11c.
Beans pr bush 2.503.25
BORN.
At Millerton, a son to W. W. Merrifleld. Onr
informant forgot to say wuen. Ed J
At Canaan, Dec. 6th, a aon to Win. D. Camp
M.D.
At Plttsfleld, Nov. 19, a danghter to James Hard
ing, editor of the Gaols.
MARRIED.
At North last Center, Dec. 6, Mr. Chat. Case to
Mies Emma Dram, all of North East.
At Norfolk, Not. 15th, at the residence of Petti
bone Thompson, Esq., by the Rev. Joseph Eldrldge
D. D., Mr. Joseph Bunnell of West Winsted and
Mies Fanny L. Thompson of Winsted.
At Norfolk, Nov. 88, by Rev. Joseph Eldridge,
D. D., Asahel White to Miss Sarah McCormich.
PIED.
At South Canaan, Dec. 1st, Simeon Hlgley, aged
85 years.
At Springfield. Mass., Dec. 6tb, Mr. Franklin
Bramble, aged 70. His remains were brought to
Norfolk for interment whore he had formerly re
sided for more than 80 years. He was an honest
unasuming man and respected by 'all who knew
him.
At Norfolk. Dec. 13, James M. Cowles, aged 64.
A prominent and greatly esteemed citizen of that
town.
At Kent, Nov. 29, Asenith wife of Marshall
Straight, aged 64 years.
Union Steam and Water
Heating Co.'s
APPARATUS,
GOLD'S PATENT.
The Simplest and Most Econom-
ical Heater Extant
FOE HEATING
SCHOOLS, CHURCHES,
DWELLING HOUSES,
Public and Private Buildings,
By low pres&nre, direct or indirect radiation.
Automatic In Operation, Safe, Effi
cient and Durable.
For Circulars, estimates and information con
cerning it, address
The A. Burritt Hardware Co.,
Sole Agents for Litchfield County and Nausa-
tock Yaixst,
8mSI 'Waterbnry, Conn.
ATA COURT OF PROBATE holden at North
21 Canaan, within and for the district of Canaan,
on the ".th day of November, A. D. 1871,
rreeent reaencK watson, Judge.
This court doth direct 11 en it E. Wetheiull. ad-
miuiotrator on the estate of Henry Hall, late of
Canaan in said district, deceased, represented to
be insolvent, to give notice to all persons interest
ed in the estate of said deceased, to appear. Lif tb.y
see cause.! before the Court of Pro have to be hold-
en at the Probate Office in said District, on the
83rd day of December, 1871, at 10 o'clock In the
forenoon, to be heard relative to tho appointment
of Commissioners on said estate, by posting said
order of notice on a public sign-post in said town
of Canaan nearest to the place where the deceased
last dwelt, and by advertising the same in a news
paper published In Litchfield County.
cenioea rrom Jiecora,
J. B. HARDENBURGH, Clerk.
IJV1 All nAitnni Inrlnritori tt ulrl m.
auetted to make immediate payment to
0VY 4U J ikiUAUAiali, AttiU r