Ehe Munssugmmu
SlAlSTOJi, VIRGINIA.
Thursday,-October 19,1871.
Conservative Ticket for Augusta
FOB THE SENATE,
ALEX B. COCHRAN.
FOR nOI'SF OF DELEGATES,
MARSHALL HANGER,
ALEXANDER 15. LIGMINER,
CHARLES S. ROLLER.
R. W. HUGHES AM) HIS MESSAGE.
Wc read the address of this gentleman
with mingled feelings of satisfaction and re
gret; admiration for the extraordinary genius,
the brightness of which reflects some sheen
upon eveu a party, such as that to which he.
has added the respectability of his name, and
regret, that we find him, who in the days
when Statesmanship in irgiuia was some
thing more than.a name, stood second alone
in the fertile section of the Southwest to Gov
ernor John 15 Floyd—should be now found
in this great political coutest being waged in
the Starr, leading on with that fearlessness,
that is native to his character, the
bad and recklesl adventurers,who have inun
dated the State under the inauspicous rule oi
reconstruction,against his ancient allies of the
Democratic party. As a political document,
the'address of Mr. Hughes, is one of the best
in the style and mauucrism of its composition
that has been written iu the State for the last
four years. The danger to the Conservative
party exists in the exceeding ability display
ed iu tiiis production—assaulting the Con
servative party for the wretchedness caused
by Black Republicanism, and promulging
some sentiments of virtue and morality that
are Socratic in their excellence. The author
attracts the unweary and susceptible reader
from the political enormities practiced by his
party, to the lovely ideals springing from the
mind of Mr. R W. Hughes The errors of
the federal party of old, were for a time for
gotten by the people, or overlooked by reason
of the geniu3 of Alexander Hamilton, and
the patriotism of Geo. Washington, and the
people for a period, failed to see the fallacy
of high tariffs, whilst listening to the glow
ing eloquence of Henry Clay. The people
•of Virginia will have a caro that they are not
:bo misled in the present emergency, by the
sagacious method of R. W. Hughes.
The teachings of R W. Hughes a re not
the teachings of Blaek Republicanism. He
as really expressing his own sentiments, which
are for the most part, in distinct antagonism
*o that of the party to which he belongs.—
Il.’VV. Hughes in the name of Republicau
ism, uivrijhr against the prodigality of Govcr
mental expenditure The Black Republican
party in Virginia subsists alone by the plun
der which they have wrested from the citi
*ens of the State. R. W. Hughes, in the
name of 'Republicanism, preaches honesty,
and Biack Republicanism has achieved no
success except through the instru
mentality of tyranny and oppression aud
fraud.
Mr. Hughes in the name of Republican
ism, teaches adherence to the Union, the Con
stitution and the enforcement of the Laws.—
Black Republicanism under the policy of Mr.
Lincoln, first unfurled the black flag of civil
war aud marched its armed Legions to the
•desolation of Virginia homes; the desecration
of Virginia hearths, to robbeiy,to murder and
to arson. We speak herein this connection
with reference to that organization of the past
under the name of Black Republicanism, and
which Mr. Hughes so manfully fought against
during all the years of the late unfortunate
war. If there has been any change since, iu
their programme, we would be glad to learn
it. We certainly have as yet failed to do so
To given just criticism to this remarkable
paper, would require more space than wo can
just here allow. The comments expressed
upon the various constitutional amendments,
are so many glittering sophisms and only so
phisms. We promise to expose where, and
bow, hereafter. One sentiment in bold con
spicuous capitals, that suffrage is necessary
to the independence of the citizous, is
seized npon aud promulged as a political ax
iom to .be accepted as soon as staled. Mr.
JIughes drives himself into (he very citadel
of commuu’s.o by this specious aud mob-at
dractiug scutiment. It is the essence of wo
xuau’s-rights theory, and the basis ol their
•theory. Let, us put it in syllogistie form.
No person can be independent, that have not
the right of suffrage. Women have not the
right of suffrage. Therefore, women are not
independent, aud by another statement, there
fore women should have the right of suffrage.
Again—all minors have not the elective fran
chise, therefore minors arc not independent.
We afford this as a specimen of Mr.
Hughes’ style of Ratiocination, aud he pur
sues his style throughout all the branches of
his message.
A word or two as to his attacks on Con
servatism. The Funding Tax Rill is de
nounced and the Conservative party because
of its enactment. Black Republicans sup
ported this just as well as Conservatives.—
The Conservatives are denounced for the
inadequacy of the Free School system. Black
Republicanism assisted and devised the pres
ent schemes of Education as did the Conser
tives.
The Ku-KIux bill is maintained jn a' sup
posed statement of tacts which do not exist.,
and which were propagated by the carpetbag
adventurers praying on the energies and on
the poverty of the Mouth, and which facts
have been proven to be void of truth.—
We advise all who read the publication of
Mr. Hughes to read it in connection with
the history of the country, and they will
there find that the virtue which 5Ir Hughes
commends, his party never possessed, never
espoused—always repudiated. And that
whenever Virginia’s interests were assailed,
Buck Bepublicans were the assailants.— 1
Whenever Virginia citizenship was impeach-
ed, the net, of the Republicans was thrown
by a cun'.’-ig hand vhonerer the future
fs asperity of the commonwealt h was jeopard- i
5m -be futar-. ]}b,:*
to
Republican speculation aud Black Hepubli
can Guile, have couceivcd the plan and af
forded the instrumentalities to its cousura- t
mation. ^Ve do not pretend that conserva
tism is immaculate in its purity, nor do we
pretend that Republicanism is in all it son
-os corrupt. Perfection does not exist in this
world, either in the individual or an asssoci
ation of individuals as parties Nor can a
party be organized with any chance of suc
cess, that docs Dot possess some just princi
ples. We mean to say that the oljects and
designs of Conservatism, is fer the glory of
of the State, the integrity of its honors, the
prosperity o( the people, the preservation of
human liberty, and that the chief obstacles
to the achievement of this end. is caused by
the had management of ambitious men who
exercise a self-assuming control over the
members of the party and endeavor to coerce
a partizan machinery, the tyranny of which
is only equalled by its imbecile impractica
bility. And we do mean to say that Black
Republicanism as an organization, is antag.
oni-uie to the welfare of every citizen of the
•State—colored or white, destructive of the
native born, pernicious to the State in its in
tegrity and a calumny upon the glorious tra
ditions of its history, and the fair fame of its
distinguished patriots and statesmen.
Such men as It. W, Hughes and Alexan
der liivesmay do much to preserve their organ
ization from dissolution and give an apparent
respectability to its action, but can never,
rescue it from that obiiquy to which all
true patriots and all good men consign it, and
ambitious pretensions, aud wilful misman
agement, on the part of some would be lead
ers, may do much to impede the progressive
march of the Conservatim, but cannot with all
iheir stupid blunders prevent its final suc
cess.
TPE CHICAGO DISASTER,
The following extracts from a correspon
dent of the Neff York of Saturday,
convey a more accurate account of the great
conflagration in Chicago than those hereto
fore published, which, in the excitement of
the moment, were naturally very much ex
aggerated
The burned district resembles in shape, the
shape of an anvil, the horn extending to the
southwest indicating the point where the fire
had its origin. Here, in a little frame barn,
in the midst of a dense colony of old wooden
structures, all as dry as tinder, at half-past 9
o'clock on Sunday night, a laboring man was
milking bis cow by the light of a small hand
lamp sitting beside him. The cow was unsa
sy, and in her movements upset the lamp
Instantly the place was in a blaze, and betore
an alarm could be sounded tlie neighboring
structures were on fire. Onward from one
to another it leaped and before the fire de
partmeot had reached the spot the whole
square was in flames and a second one also
Then the flames darted from square to square,
impelled by a furious gale from the south
west Soon one engine was surrounded by
fire, and its company, unable longer to with
stand the heat, were compelled to abandon it
and run for their lives. Other engines ('rev.
out more promptly and took up new positions
in advance of the fire but the flan es leaped
over their heads and the furious gale carried
the burning cinders 'ar in aduanee of them
and so from block to block the destroyer swept
the city down
The fire ..ros-md near Twelfth Street and
there the flames found fresh combustibles in
the greac lumber yards, and thence it exten
ded, the volume of fire and heat constantly
increasing, A furious storm of burning
cinders fell on the roofs of all buildings in
the direction of the wind, continually sett in
new fires, and filling t)je whole city with dense,
blindiug and suffocating gjguke. This must
suffice for a general sketch of the origiti and
spread of this unparelleled conflagration. 1
cannot attempt to describe the burning of the
great financial and commercial structures on
the south side, that lay directly in its track.
They include every business structure on he
south side, between the Chicago river on the
west and north, and Harrison sweet on the
south, to Clark street, and thence diagonally
to the river at Twelfth street.
All the public records are destroyed, in
eluding all records of deeds and mortgages,
as well as the records of all the Courts of
Record of Cook county. This loss is irre
parable and will lead to endless confusion in
the future in the settlement of titles to prop
erty, unless the Legislatu.c enacts a law ar
bitrarily adjusting disputes.
The fire enveloped them on the rear, or
southward, and the whole vast population
was driven in a demoralized crowd north
ward before the flames, and so rapidly did
the fire advance that it was with great diffi
culty that the multitude could keep out of its
way. It moved as rapidly as a man could
walk, carrying everything before it, and only
halting when there was nothing more to burn
driving the terror stricken populace before
it to the open prairie beyond. The multi
tude filled all the highways; some were so
fortunate as to have carriages for their con
veyance, others were following wagons, drays,
trucks, carts, and every form of vehicle on
which they had piled sueh pieces of their
household effects as they could secure.
The wond never before witnessed sueh un
daunted pluck, energy, and enterprise as the
business men of Chicago manifest with tiie
ruins of their commercial structures still
crumbling and smoking about them; with
their treasures still buried in vaults' beneath
the ruins; with uncertainty as to the condi
tion of the i»surance companies, they have
no assurance what measure of indemnity they
will receive for their great losses; with the
hanks all in enforced suspension, or at best
they are only paying a percentage of their
deposits, the merchants are already at work
devising ways and means to rebuild the city,
and re-establish its commercial supremacy in
the West. Wf ile the mad flames were still
raging in all their intensity, and two bun
died thousand men, women and children,
were flying for their lives through the blind
iug, stifling, and suffocating smoke and amid
the terrible storm of burning cinders, the
eool-headed business men met, and after re
solving that their first duty was to provide
shelter aud food for the destitute, organized
relief committees in every part of tlie city
When this noble work had been committed
o properly organized agancies, the next
bought was (he restoration of the city, even
lef’ore (lie limits of the conflagration had
men established, but while the work of de
traction was still going on, these wonder
iilly constituted men resolved that Chicago
oust promptly rebuild.
There was no repining at losses, no liiani
estatiou of discouragement, no faint hearted- 1
jess on any hand. Men did not stop to esti- 1
nate their losses, hut began looking about
or temporary busincs accommodations and s
naking arrangements for rebuilding as soon i
s the work was practicable. Jlen were busy i
figging buried safes out from the ruins, and
pening vaults. Generally all treasures so se- J
Mred ‘hre' found safe. The banks have -r
generally f’uuud not only their money but
their evidences of values and their books of
account all secure. Business men in a ma
jority of cases have been equally fortunate,
though some who opened their safes with un
due haste subjected their contents to sponta
neous eonibustiou on the admission of air,
thus losing in the end what had survived
the more terrible ordeal. Many sales proved
to be utterly worthless, aud when opened
wore found to contain only the remains of
what had been fortunes; but these were only
exceptional cases. As a rule, all money and
valuaoles contained iu safes have been recov
ered in excelleul condition.
In the destruction of the Historial Society
rooms everything was lost, including the ex
tensive library of the Society, and the origi
nal Emancipation Drulamatiou, complete sets
of files of Chicago newspapers, complete sets
of Chicago batde flags, the llealy Uullery ol
three hundred valuable paintiugs, Delhi’s
Hamlet, Cuntuor’s Prodigal Sou, Yolke’a
Bust of Mr. Liueolo, tho only one for which
Mr. Lincoln ever bad a life sitting.
The library of the Society embraced 17,500
qouud volumes, aud 174,OuO pamphlets.
The posioffioc will be pevuianeutly estab
lished in tho Wabash Avenue Methodist
Church on Monday next. This is the church
that stayed the progress oi the fire southward,
aud will hereafter be a landmark iu Chicago.
It has beeu routed by the 1’ostoflicc Depart
ment as long as it may be needed, fhe
Unitarian Church (tbs Ilev Dr. Cullyer’s)
just beyond in Wabash avenue, has been ta
ken by the Mayor, Common Counoil, and
ciiy officials. Plymouth Congregational
Church in the same neighborhood, is given
up to the county government. The custom
house is established in Congress Hall in Con
gress street, between Wabash and Mieliigau
avenues, Which faces the burnt district.—
Standard Hall, at Michigan avenue and Thir
teenth street, has been rented for a year for
Board of trade Grace Church (Episcopal)
in Wabash avenue, has just been teudered for
the use of the United States Courts.
GENERAL UHEKIDAN EXPLODING THE STO
Kits AHUUT JXCaftDIARIES.
I have hud a Ion" conversation with Gen
Sheridan in regard to the reported inccndia
ties and lincliiug in this city, both during
and since the tires, end am assured by him as
well as by the city, officials, that such reports
are without foundation in fact, there has
boeu and still is a deal of tobbery, stealing and
general lawlessness, but nothing like as much
as might be expected uuder the circumstan
ces.
Gen. Sheridan tells u’C that be has in
vestigated every case of alleged incendiarism,
and in every instance has discovered a natu
ral cause for the tire. He has not been able
to find that a single individual has been lynch
ed at auy time during the exeitemeut of the
fire or since, and does not believe that auy
such casts have occurred.
The Mayor confirms bis opinion in this
regard, uud both uuite in condemning the
corse of the Tribune in giving currency to
these emanations of the excited popular mind.
The loss of life during the great fire and
stampede was great, but has been largely ex
aggerated. About 100 bodies have been re
covered from tlie ruins, and more are known
to be hurried under the ruined walls. It i*
thought that man bodies have been burned
up beyond all trace, but it is not thought by
im.ro intelligent judges that over 250 lives
were lost.
The Sun also says Dutch TIeinrieh was
not hanged in Chicago, lie was walking in
Broadway yesterday afternoon, Barney Aaron,
at last accounts, was safely sojourning in Al
bany.
II ELI r;F —1 lie magnitude of the relief
work .'nay be estimated from a glance at the
operations' of the Government depot on Eliz
abeth street, near the east bank of the river.
The officials tlMrc unloaded sixty ears on
Wednesday; fifty yesterday, and will unload
about seventy to-day. A large proportion of
the latter receipts, consist of clothing and
bedding; those of tho first day were mostly
provisions. They have already distributed
about one hundred ear loads. The churches
are all reported to be in good sanitary condi
tion. The officials announce that thay will
honor all orders for supplies issed by clergy
men if presented at the depot. C'riicp'jo T‘"
L.iiie.
From Loudon.
London, October 17—Mr. Bradlaw,at an
immense meeting declared the Q icon to be
insane, and demanded that the regency be en
trusted to the judges of law and equity until
a republic is established.
It is reported that the disaster to (he City
of Paris was caused by an error in telegraph
ic signals. Tile vessel is safe.
A nussengcr train was wrecked in Scotland,
killing two ’'arsons and wounding fifteen.
Three thousand persons are reported to
have perished in the floods which have re
cently occurred in China.
JScw Advertisements.
Temple of Fashion.—Joeeph Kid
31ovos at $1.00, of all colors, every pair war
ranted. Also Jouvsn’s one and two Hutton
Gloves. K. M. KELLEY,
oct 19-tf
Temple of Fashion.—Most Interesting
0 Ladies Just received, the Palpitating Breast
Pad or Artificial Bust. Madam Foss’ Patent Ad
aptable S.'ocking Supporter. Patent Duplex
Ventilated Garter. Madame Demorest’s Stock
ng Suspender for Ladies, Misses and Children,
oct 19-tf K. M. KELLEY.
rO THE PUKIilC SCHOOL TEACH
ERS of the County of Augusta and city of
Staunton.—
The following letter from the Stale Super
ntendent of Public Instruction, together with
nstructions taken from the official department of
he October No- of the ♦‘Educational Journal” are
published for the benefit of the public school
eachers of the county and city.
J. E. GUY, Co. Supt. Schools,
Office Sitpt. of Public Instruction,
Richmond, August 29th, 1871,
J. E. Guy, Esq.:
Dear Sir—When you give out the
blanks for teachers’ monthly reports, please tell
lie teachers to rule a column for ages in front of
*No. Days present at school” and report the age
)f each pupil at his last birth-day, and let the
ig« remain the same during the entire year. It
.vould be well, too, it they would report the av
erage age of the puplis and the number between
and 9, 9 and 13. 13 and 17. 17 and 21, in the
erms reports, as well as in the monthly reports,
this will save you trouble with your next an
luai report. Yours, W. II. Ruffner.
Text Books and Teachers’ Monthly Be
*outs—In preparing (lie forms for teachers’ re*
><»rts, we inadvertently omitted the subject of
ext books. It is the wish of the Board of Edu
ction that this should be regularly reported up
>n. The following questions are therefore ad
led for each teacher to answer in every monthly
■eport. It is the duty of the district clerk to fur
»isli to each teacher a cor*y of the questions, and
he duty of the county superintendent to witli
lold his receipt for the monthly report unless it
ioniains answers to the questions
1. Besiues the exceptional cases allowed by
egulations, have any pupils been enrolled or
-tight during the month, who were not supplied
nth text books prescribed by the Board of Ed
ucation? If so how many and by whose order
2. Have any other than the prescribed text- j
•ooks on the elementary studies been usejl in the
cbool b} any of the pupils If so, under what
ircumstances and by how many
3. Have any applicants for admission to the
chool been refused by reason of their not being
upphed with the proper books? If 8P, how
iany
N. B.—County superintendents will report
romptly to this office any casein which the or
ers of the Board of Education have been di*c
S3
2Yew Advertisements.
1840. 1871.
THE
VALLEY EMPORIUM,
35 Yours Stun ding.
Once more to tliebreacb, dear friends,
once more.”
THE GREATEST COLLECTION OF FANCY
GOODS EVER OFFERED IN THE
VALLEY OF VIRGINIA.
GABRIEL HIRSH
Again presents liimsclf before the people of
Staunton, Augusta county and the Valley, as the
Prince of Wholesale and Retail Dealers in
NOTIONS,
JEWELRY,
TABLE WARE,
TRUNKS,
VALISES,
UMBRELLAS.
ACCORDEONS,
GUITARS,
VIOLINS,
and other musical Instruments, and an
JSSTDMSSS VARIETY
of other articles which would occupy a newspa
per page to enumerate.
He has iust returned from the Northern pities,
where h,e purchased, aud is now opening.
THE MOST SUPERB STOCK
if has ever been his pleasure to offer
for the inspection and selection of his friend?
and the public.
They were
PURCHASED FOR CASH,
i a flush,
and
CONSEQUENTLY LOW PRICED MARKET,
and .e is therefops prepared to offer
GREATER BARg^AIiJS
THAN EVER BEFORE.
23 Ykabs Aqo,
GABRIEL HIRSH
appeared among this people,
A POOR PEDLAR BOY.
He carried his goods on his bach, and wended
his way from farm house ‘.o farm house, meeting
with daily encouragement in his efforts to make
au hongst living. The people encouraged him; I
he worked along, until finally he commenced his
present store, purchased the building he at first i
rented, and now, as the result of the liberal pat
ronage of this people, he can safely say he has
TIIE LARGEST AND FINEST STOCK 1

OF GOODS, l
1
in his line,ever offered
WEST OF THE BLUE RIDGE.
lie appreciates this kindness, and intends to
show it, by selling such bargains as will
DEFY COMPETITION.
LOOK TO YOUR INTEREST, PEOPLE OF
TIIE VALLEY!
He can sell, and means to sell, as cheap as can
be purchased at retail in any of the larger cities,
Ilis motto is,
QUICK SALES AND SMALL PROFITS,
and by it lie will “Sink or Swim.”
Gabriel Hirsh sells gqod goods Cheap, but never
oses on them. If he did, he could not keep up
lis stock. No man can sell cost or below cost,
is some people say they do, aud carry on busi
less. He can sell as cheap, if not cheaper than
my one else, because he pays no rents, and su
lerinteuds his business himself.
t
i
t
1
t
t.
t
t
v
c
t
t

e
e
ii
C
I
St
n
Ii
This is the truth, the whole truth, andnothing
nit the truth, formally attested before a Notary
’ublio.
GABRIEL HIRSH,
Main Street,
in, Va,
t<
n
«ct in If
New Advertisements.
CHESAPEAKE A OHIO RAILROAD
TO CONTRACTORS
FOR
CROSS TIES
AND
TRESTLE WORK!
Proposals will be received by the undersigned
at the Engineer’s Office in Richmond, until 12
M., November bill, 1871. for furnishing the
CROSS TIES
for the
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAILROAD,
between White Sulphur Springs and the month of
New River, or about. 105 miles of the road.
Proposals will also be received at Ihp same time
and place for TIMBER TRESTLES on the Green
brier and Alleghany Divisions. Plans and Speci
fications for the latter can be had of Maj. Peyton
Randolph, Division Engineer. White Sulphur
Springs, on and after October 20ih.
Specifications for Cross Ties may be had on
and after October 15ih, at, the Engineer’s offices
in Richmond, White Sulphur, Richmond’s FaLs,
or Miller’s Ferry. H. D. WHITCOMB.
oct 19—3t Chief Engineer C. 0 R. R.
A/rillinery! Millinery!!
JLvdL Everything new in Full an
and Winter Mil
linery and Fancy Goods. All the new styles of
hats and bonnets, misses and children’s hats, rib
bons, necties, velvet ribbons, French ribbons,
feathers of ail kinds everything in the milline
ry line. Also a full line of notions ladies and
children’s gloves, and misses, and ladies’ corsets
of every kind and price. We have a nice corset
for 75 cents, and a splendid one for $1. Iloop
skirts, bustles, ladies’ vests, woolen and cotton
hosiery, pocket handkerchiefs, hemstiched and
plain; undersleeves, culls and colors* real and
imitation lace collars and cuffs, in great variety,
a nice assortment, of crape and linen mourning
collars; a pretty and new style necklace; ear
rings, bracelets, infant rubber diapers and diaper
pins, real and imitation hair fixings Willson
curls—all prices.
Stamped goods, lined and c>tton yokes, spool
cotton, &c. With thanks for past, patronage, we
invite all to call and examine our complete stock
of goods. Store next door to Dr. Arthur’s.
oct. 19-4t. Mrs. M. E. FAGAN SISTER.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
On and after MONDAY, September 18, Pas
senger Trains leave Richmond (Sunday excepted)
as follows:
8:30 A.M.—Midi Train for the White Sulphur
Springs, connecting at Gordonsville with the Or
ange, Alexandria andManassas train for Wash
ington and North, and Lynchburg and South.
3:35 P. M.—Accommodation Train for Gor
donsville, except on Saturday, on which day it
leaves at 5 p m. This train connects at. Gor
donsvillc with the night, trains on the Orange,
Alexandria and Manassas railroad for Lyuchburg
and Washington.
Through tickets at low rates, sold to all points
Northwest and Southwest.
Steerage tickets from Liverpool, Queenstown.
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Hamburg, Harve, Rotter
dam, Bergen, Copenhagen and Gothenburg, to all
points on this road, can be bought of the Gener
al Ticket Agent at Richmond, or can be ordered
through any station agent, on the t oad.
Further information may be obtained at the
company’s offices.
No Passenger Trains will run on Sundays.
A. If. PERRY,
General Supeiintendent.
James F. Xcthcrland, Gen'l Ticket Agent,
oct 19—tf
ALARGF STOCK OF
First-Class Sew Goods.
The undersigned has just received the largest
and handsomest, stock of first-class STAPLE and
FANCY DRY GOODS that it has ever been liis
pleasure to offer, consisting in part of
DRESS O-OOIDS
in all their varieties, from a handsome Calico at
12J cents, to Silts at $5 per yard; SIIAWLS,
from $1,25 to $55,00; FURS, from $2 to $50,00
a set a full line of Cloths Cassimeres, Vestings,
Plain and Plaid Opera Flannels, Shaker and 13al
lardvale Flannels, Velyeteons in all colors):
Mourning Goods iu great variety Irish Linens,
Table Damask, Bleached and Brown Cotton and
Sheetings Cloaks, Boulevard Skirts, Corsets,
Handkerchiefs, Gloves, Shoes, Hosiery and many
other goods to which he calls the early attention
of buyers.
From his long experience in the business he
feels satisfied that no house in the Valley of Vir
ginia can t?.uy or sell first-class gQQfls on better
terms, or is better acquainted with the taste and
uftiitspf the people. He keeps no trash, and
Joes business in a plain, straight-forward way.
DAVIS A. KAYSER,
No. 7-4 Main street, Staunton, Va.
oct 19 2t
riVlIipU- of Fiislii®i».—Mrs. Kale M.
JL Kelley wishes lo inlorm her customers and
the public generally that slie has just returned
tromNew York and lialiitnore, and is now open
ing her winter
BONNETS, HATS,
FEATHERS, FLOWERS,
RIBBONS. SILKS,
VELVETS,
Al-o Real and Imitation Iaee Collars, Cpifr,
Ufldersleeves, MOURNING SETA'S. Black and
WiJte. to which she invites the special attention
of t! e Ladies. oct 19-tf
CON DITION
OF THE
VIRGINIA BANKING
and
TRUST COMPANY,
October 3rd, 1871.
LIABILITIES,
Capital..$100,150,10
Deposits—including Public and
Court Funds. 83.674,35
Interest and Exchange,. 4 539,58
$188,370,09
ASSETS.
Outfit Account,.$ 2,340.82
Bills receivable nnl other investments, 99.924.88
Revenue Stamps. 472.87
Protest Account,. 49.20
Expense Account,. 372.84
Due from Banks and Bankers.. 71,945,80
Cash and Cash Items. 18,263,02
$188,370,09
El COURAGE YOUR STATE INSTITUTIONS.
Virginia lSnnhimer anti Trust Co., 1
Stau-.to.v, October 3rd. 1871. J
To the Citizens of Staunton and Augusta County
Above you will find exhibit of the condition of
this new Bank, recently organized and doing bus
iness at your county seat under a Virginia Char
ter. Its stock is almost entirely held by the cit
izens of this city and county—its otiicers are well
known from a banking intercourse with you of
twenty years past—and its President nnd Direc
tors are selected from our most prudent and in
telligent business men. Its banking house is
that of the old “Central Bank,” in the most con
venient. and accessible business portion of the
city, and its policy is to give special considera
tion to the claims of those from whom it receives
favors.
COLLECTIONS on any part cf the United
States will be made for its Depositors without
charge; and, in special cases, by agreement, inter
est ii'ill be allowed upon Dcpo.siis.
With these aims and purposes it is honed that,
it will receive such fair share of (lie Deposits of
City and County Dealers as its merits as a Home
Institution entitled it. to, and yon are respectfully
invited to open your accounts with it.
Checks upon New York, Baltimore and Rich
mond furnished in sums to suit, aud a General
Banking Business transacted.
Respectfully, &e,
II. M. BELL, President.
W. II- Tams, Cashier oc!2-3t
Temple Of FllSllion.—One of the la
test novelties of the season, the new Lace aud
Ribbon Bows, for the Hair and Neck.
M P tf K -M KELLEY.
t
S
t
e
i
a
a
a
b
I
1
ti
lc
tl
it
tc
C
Staunton Advertisements.
S. 1>. Tunbcrlake. j. j. Dawes.
STILL THEY COME!!!
Fresh Arrivals Every Few Days
at the
CHEAP CASH STORE
S. D. TIKIERLUE CO.
HEAVY SKIRMISHING ON THE
FRONT.
MAGNIFICENT BARGAINS.
DRY OOODS
Constantly on Hand and Always
Coming In From
O. JS. ROUSS,
THE GREAT
BALM IN GILLEAD,
WHO IS ALWAYS IN THE FRONT,
WATCHING THE
Failures, Rrealtdowus, Bank
ruptcy. and
Dry Good Smashes Generally.
With our advantages over other Merchants in
buyiug goods, we do now. and will condone to
sell Cheaper than any other house in ilic city.
Therefore we solicit from our people, an early
call, and thorough examination ot a Magnificent
Array of well splepted Dry Goods at
I’jiiiie Prices.
These goods are now being selected and shipped
from the great
METROPOLIS.
The very best goods at the very lowest priceE.
No second-hand
JEW CLODING
from the Junk Shops of Hait i more, but Matchless
goods at Matchless Prices. No Sheep goods/'
“de Sheepest ling you ever see" from third and
fourth hands in Baltimore and elsewhere—but
new, choice goods, directly from
44 IIEAn-QIlRTEBS,”
Mo nr?/ is the Ifing, but behind the Throne,
PLUCK, BRAINS, AND ENERGY.
These constitute the world's history and make
the few names that never die.
Upon merit alone do wo ask you to stand by
the men who stood by you.
Not alone that we went forth under the Glori
ous banner of
LEE AND JACKSON,
STUART AND ASIIBY,
but side by side with your own Heroic Soldiers,
AUGUSTA’S GALLANT SONS.
Our Record was all that was left us. Poorer
than Poverty and Proud as Csesar, with brains
in place of dollars and pluck for credit, we
“marched forth” to
Conquer the Buzzards,
who leaving the Old Ship” in the years of her
trials, fed and tattened upon the misfortunes of
the people and the circumstances of the war.
Upon the broad basis of business, as it should
be done, do we claim your attention.
Buying goods at Head Quarters and saving the
people three or four Profits—saving your money,
as well as our own—buying and selling close for
cash not calling on one man for the short com
ing of another. We meet you fairly upon right
and honorable grounds.
Abandoning the old cry of stolen goods, they
now adopt a new slander, and we call upon the
people to come and examine our goods day after
day, as they continue to pour in, and decide for
themselves as to their merits.
We enumerate a fey,* prices that give an idea of
the low figures at which we expect to jivalanche
the masses with these
GIGANTIC BARGAINS”
DRY GOODS
AND
Domestic Goods.
Calicoes at 9, 10, and 11J cts. per yard.
Black Alpaca, 30, 37J, 50, and 75 cents.
Brown Alpaca, 33d cents.
Plaid, very low*, from 1G to 35 cents.
A large lot of Dress goods, very low.
Bed Ticking, 18 to 40 cents.
Velveteens, 85 cents to $1,50.
Fancy striped Shawls, Balmorals, at all prices.
Ladies’ and Gent’s Veits, very low.
French Merino, $1,10 to $1,50.
4-4 Bleached Cotton. 12} cents.
Best Brown Cotton, 12J cents.
Colored Cambric, only 10 cents.
Hats, Boots and Shoes to suit every one.
Ribbons, all colors and many prices.
We make these Goods a speciality, and sell
them cheaper than they can be had elsewhere.
With our Panic Prices, our good goods, and
fair dealings, combined, wc will please the people,
and the man who expects your money must ad
vance beyond these advanced lines, must match
these prices, or go Down.
WE SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE.
You will find us a liye house and up to the
imes. We guarantee to satisfy our customer*
md save them money.
S. D TIMBEltLAKE CO.,
Staunton, Va.
J. L. RicnARDSON, i
C. L. Cooke, j-Salesmen.
Fayette Coyle, j oct12
SOMETHING ENTIRELY NEW
AT TUB
3 >ii*ie Saloon l
The undersigned lakes pleasure in announcing
o the citizens of Staunton, and the public' gen
u-ally that lie has opened 'a first- class
EATING SALOON!!!
n connection with his I*ar. where will be found,
it all hours, 1 1
FRESH OYSTERS, IIAM AND EGGS, BEEF
STEAK, HOT COFFEE, ETC.
He has scouted the services of a No. 1, polite 1
tnd attentive Cook, Ills
BAR! i
:S heretofore, will be supplied with the best 1
irands of Liquors, consisting of
PURE MOUNTAIN WHISKEY,
FRENCH, APPLE AND PEACH BRANDIES
WINES, GINS, CORDIALS, &C.
i’oiYiter's Alexandria Cream Ale! j
CONSTANTLY ON DRAUGHT.
V isitors io the city will, in every respect, find
he DIME a first-class Eating and Drinking Sa- 1
ton. lie keepq also on hand a fine assortment of c
be best brands of t
TOBACCO AND CIOARK
Thankful for past patronage, he respectfully j
avites. and hopes, by strict attention to business,
t merit, a continuance of the same.
JOHN BURNS,
No. 34, on the Wharf, Staunton, Va.
oct 12-tf
SCHOOL BOOKS SCHOOL STATIONERY, I
5 used in all the Schools in this section.
For sale at
03 tf Pi'Ll CO <s. I
New Advert isenien ts.
<£9Qfib’°r lsL class P'“"0S—sent on trial-no
v l/agents. Arid
Broadway, N. Y.
U. S. PIANO, CO., 64u
4w
Retailed by one. Wanted Agents to
,fjUU scdl pictures everywhere. Whitney
Co. Aorwie/i, Ct.
4b
8 O'CLOCK,
F DOLLARS A MONTH.—Horse and car-v
riage furnished expenses paid sample*
free. H. 11 SHAW, Alfred, Me. 4\v
RIFLES,SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GlIN MA
terials of every kind. Write for Price List, to
Great Western Gun Works. Pittsburgh, Pa. Ar
my guns and Revolvers bought or traded for.—
Agents wantel- 4w
WA.TC1I Jb’REE.—Prize Candy-boxes, ^’riia
Stationery Packages, Cheap Jewelry, &c
Silver Watches given gratis to every agent. ?20
per day made selling our goods at Country Fairs,
and Political Meetings. end for Circular. Ad
dress Monroe, Kennedy <5- Co.. Pittsburgh, Pa. 4vr
AGENTS WANTED in every county for our
fast-selling Mats, religious and historical
Ciiaiits, etc. Immense Sales 1 Large Profits 1
HAAS1S LUISRECIIT. Empire Mop Chart
Establishment. 107 Liberty street, N. Y. 4w
Cll TJMBS of COMFOB T
Patented November 1, 1870.
SAMPLES FREE AT ALL GROCERY STORES,
4w If. A. BARTLETT CO-, Philadelphia:
Filial TO~ HOOK AGKNTS.
We will send a handsome Prospectus of ouy.
Xetv Illustrated Family Bible, containing over 200
fine Scripture Illustrations to any Rook Agent,
free of charge. Address, XationaL Publishing Co.,
Philadelphia, Pa. 4w
iu.uut; au LIN I s A in i r.u run
ODIDE TO II E A I. T II
By Di* W. W. Hall. Author of 'Journal of Health*
The Best Selling Book in iho .Market. II. N.
McKINNEY CO., 16 N. 7th Street, Philadel
phia, Pa.
TBY US!
We send a valuable gift to every purchaser of
a book. §100.00 worth of gills are distributed
with every $-00 worth of Books we sell. Agent^
wanted to form clubs. Write for our classified
catalogue and references. 1). M. LY INS CO.,
712 Chestnut St Philadelphia 4w
It La* tiic delicate anil rrfrtnhlag
r,Q> ''^-fragrance of genuine Farina
C’ologn- "'utcr.
^''''-^^jn-iispcnecbic Xr»
car
the Toilet of
f very 1-ady or Gen*
tlcinan. Sold b7 l>rusr?rlr<»
nnd Dealer* In PERFUMERY.
'®£~et};n
THE A-NECTAR
is a ruin'.
lILAClt ti:a
h the Green T o Flavor. W >y
iMtci to suit all ta<res. For salt
opryichere, and for salt* whole:
tie only by the ftrc:it At*
hiiiiic and Pacific Tea
6 Church street New York, P. 0. Vox,
5506. Send for Then Nectar Circular. 4 w
Rslievetl ami Currt<l Vt T>r. Pat;*>t Appl.anc* an!
Compound Oiiioo. 6j7 Rroauwav N. Y. S-ti<\ luc. Tur book
with photographic like ie*ae* of c.i«e.* U.sfore amt after .-ure. with
the Honry Ward Beecher case, letters art-1 portrait. Beware of
traveling imposters, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr.
SliKRXAX. He Las ua Ageuts.
PICTORIAL
AGENTS WANTED. Exclu
sive territory granted on tbo
JHI1ILE
Contains over 300 IPusiruiions. Is a complete
Library of Biblical Knowledge. Excels ail others.
In English and German. Send for circulars, tOj
W. FLINT CO Philadelphia, Pa. 4w
WANTED'—AGENTS ($20 per day) to sell the
celebrated 1I0ME SHUTTLE sEWINQ
MACHINE. Has tiie under feed, makes the '‘dock
stitch” (alike on both sides,) and is fully licensed
Tiie best and cheapest family Sewing Machine in
the market. Address JOHNSON, CLARK CO.,
Boston. Mass., Pittsburgh, Pa., Chicago, HR, or
St Louis. Mo. 4w
T Ij^TTl His Life ami Times is
v3 JLjJljJLJ. now ready for Agents
n one splcnded volume of 850 pages and T hiity;
Steel Portraits* By a distinguished Souiheiu
Author. Contains facts of interest never before
published Sent on receipt of price. $8.75. Also
Dr. Beard’s HOME PHYSICIAN, ti c new handy
book of Family Medicine. Its value is attested
by thousands who have saved money, health and
life. E. B. TREAT. Pub 805 Broadway, N. Y.
REDUCTION OF PRICES
TO CONFORM TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BY WF.Tr I XU III* MRS.
Send for our New Price List and a club
form will accompany it. containing full directions
—making a large saving to consumers and remu
nerative to club organizers.
THE GREAT AMERICAN' TEA CO.,
32 ami 33 VESTRY STREET.
r. O. Box 5643. NEW YORK. 4w.
AGENTS WANTED FOR
A.vtiai.g. j ii j,« v> i: U1.3 v. ritfen, ai\
thoroughly reliable boob. Firm a mw stand
point, and upon a fuVjocf of ai d nlscrbirg
meres*- 1 a fwo parts. Showing the hoivorB of
he barbarous rvst'm of m&tuiiut in vogue iii
nanv prisons, a nr the advanrg< s ot tlie fjsttm'
xeently iunugmaud in .oil er». TcgeiLoi with
1 true and dt tailed account of the main t s lnunt
aid crueities practic'd njtu piiMiurs; also,
shame faced criminalities With female convicts
niunnies. murders, starving?*/ whippings, hair
area! h escapes, sketches and incidents, £nniTa
ives. pen pictures, sunshine and shade, illus
rative of prison life. Wri/un by a Convict. in a
Convict's Cell. In one vol. 540 pages, over 50 ele
gant engravings, made expressly lor thisbcoJc. 48
sample pages, sample illustrations, sent on appli
;ation—or. a hound prospectus, foi 80 cents. C.
Vuxt, Cincinnati, New Yovk Chicago. 4w.
JUSU3EE A,
Is a South American plant that has been used
or many years by the medical faculty of those
countries with wonderful efficacy, and is a Sure
tnd Perfect liomedv for all Dis«:is»‘sof the
,r V Ell A N D SPLEEN, ENL.x I l(l E1U J3NT OP ORSTRUC
TION OF INTESTINES. URINARY, UTERINE. >K
ABDOMINAL ORGANS. l»ov FRTY ol? A WANT
OF BLOOD. IN F.KMITTFNT Oit HEfrl iT
TEN I’ FEVERS. I FLAM ATI* >N «)F
THE LI VEIL DROPSY. SI.ft .’GISH
lilt!ELATION nFTHE BLO< D.
A list1 Ess ES. T U M»»US J A li Is
DICE. SCROFULA. DOS-
PEPSI A AO U E AND
FEVER. OR TUPLE
CONOOMITAN'. S.
DR. WELLS’ EXTRACT IF JUBUBEBA
s a most perfect alterative. and is offeie'd* to the
>ublic as a great invigorator and refpedy for nlf
mpurities ot‘ the blood, or for organic weakness"
vith their attendant evils. For the foregoing
lomplaints
DR WELLS’ EXTRACT OF JURUEEBA
s confidently recommended to every family as a
louseliold remedy, and should be freely taken in
,11 derangements of the system.
It is NOT A PHYSIC—It is NOT what is popu*
arly called a BITTERS, nor is it intended as
uch but is simply a powerful .alterative gir’iig
lealtli, vigor and tone to all tlie vital forces, and
ortifies all weak and lymphatic t em pern men ffc.
JOHN Q. KELLOGG. IS Plait St.. Sew York,
Sole Agents for die United States;
Price 8l per Pottle. Send for Circular,
oct 5-4w
THE GREAT FRENCH REMEDY.
KEIAJIARE’S specific pills.
’repared by Garascieiif. Dcfont. No. 21^
Rue Lombard, Paris, and highly recommend
ed by the entire Medical Faculty of
France,
,re the very best in all cases of Spermatorrhoea,
r Scn’in.,1'Weakness Nightly, Daily or Previa
•ire Emissions ’Sexual Weakness cr fmpoteney
Veakn'ess arising from secret habits and sexual
xcesses; Relaxation o‘f the Genital Organs
Veak Spine; “Lime” or “Brick-dust.” deposits
n the Urine; “Milky Discharges,” &c., and all
he ghastly train of Symptoms arising frotl
iveruse or Excesses.
They cure when all other remedies fail.
Full directions in each box.
I’bick per Box. on 0 Boxes for 85.
Sold by the principal Druggists, or will be sop
y mail, securely seal’d from all observant, by er
losing price to the Sole Goneraf Agent for Amir
;a, JOB MOSES, 18 ortlandt Street, New }'i>:
’smrltlpls ,I drier yen' a...... I1*
..T' R