(fwttittfl £tatc $ouvnut.
Tl-'RiYIS
.>A_l_Y—*<l Imt year; p.t months, ft); thm*
•10. Nt lis-, i.r.ii; 1 month, An cvnXs.
SKMI WKKKI.Y—*_.Ao in-rycar; six months
*1 _.*>; ttiri'o months, 7."> conts.
W T.l_Kl_Y—l>l.AoiM»ryi*ar; six inonthf*. 7. r icpnt_
B______ B____fl
<11 Welsh ~f tin- I'liimli Ooaarttaioiml Di-m. t. al
Hi.- following limes mill plant designated be
low. 1.0.-il t'liminitii'i's of Hie It,.publican
party in ill. l dilli'l-enl CoanUM) will .-it mien pro
ceed lo give notice of llii* meetings, and invite
tin, Democrats lo discuss lhe qnesuona of the
Harksdales, _____ county—THURSDAY, Oct.
2(1.
Hough Creek Church, Charlotte county —FRI-
DAY, Oct. 27.
Lunenburg O. U, Lunenburg counIy—SATUR
DAY, Oct. 28.
Cascade, Pittsylvania counly—MtlNllAY, Oil
SO.
Hall's Cross Roads, Pil Isylvaniacounty—TUKS
DAY, Oct. 31.
RloevUle, Pittsylvania ty—WEDNESDAY,
Nov. I.
Meadsville, Halifax counIy—THURSDAY, Nov.
2.
ivt-ylvania c. 11., Pittsylvania county— FHI-
Danville,' Pittsylvania county SATURDAY,
Nov. 4.
•___rtottaO.il., OUarlolte counIy—MONDAY,
Nov. 0.
JUpOEWI__OTOHBTan.KIt 11,. EDWARD
DANIKI.S will luldrcss their fellow-clllsons al
t_-fo«owln(rplacp»: Ai Alexandria -WF.DNKS
DAY, Ocl'i|ier2.-.!h.
I.OUDOI'II CUIT.XTV.
Waterford—THUßSDAY, Dot, 26th, at 1 P. TH.
Lovottaville—FßlDAY, Oct. SStb, at 1 P. M.
Suii-kersville—SATUßDAY, Oct.lWth, at IP. M.
Middli-burg -MONDAY, del. 30th, al s A. M.
AMie—MONDAY, Oci. :lnlh, al IP. M.
MilcoU's Springs—'TUESDAY, Oct.. SI, at 1 P. M.
HamiIton—WEDNESDAY, Nov. let, at 1 P.M.
The Conservative candelates arc iuvitcil lo a
joint discussion.
Cen.N. (i. OKDWAY ami Professor A.M.
QREEN.Of Washington lily, will speak at lhe
I..Mowing places
Yorktown—THURSDAY, Oct. _;lh, at IS M.
Hampton—FßlDAY, Oct. 27th, at 8 P. M.
NorfoIk—SATURDAY, Oct. _>tb, at s P. M.
Boa.CHARLESH. PORTER, author of the
Homestead Provision of the Constitution, wil
address th«people ou the political issues of lIM
day, as follows:
Rbelm'a Tavern-THURSDAY, October
Buckingham Courl -House—Fill I)A V, Ocl ober 27
Apiximattoic t'ourt-lIonse—SATURDAY, Octo
ber 29.
•Clover Hill, Chesterfield county -MONDAY, Oc
tober 80,
Hanover Court-House—Tl TODAY, t Iclober SI.
Heaver Dam Depot, Hanover connty—WEDNES
DAY, November 1.
Hemko Court-House—THURSDAY, November
Near Manchester, Cheslerlleld county—SATUR
DAY, November 4.
Richmond City, City Sprint; Park—MONDAY,
November v.
There meetings will commence at 12o'clock M.,
precisely, except the one near Manchester, which
will begin at Jlio'cloek A. M.uu.l lhe one at cm
Spring Park at 1 o'clock P. M.
As a ride, any gentleman opposed to lhe prill- I
iplcsol tlie Republican party, will Im allow. ,1
nine to reply, say one hour—Mr. Porter reserving
his right io close lhe discussion.
Jinx. .1 AIM m 11. PI.AIT, .111 will address lhe
twviple of Soutliside Virginia as follows:
.Norfolk Coimiv---THURSDAY, Oct. SO lb.
Ivor, Soillhamplou county -FRIDAY, Oct 27th.
Waverley, Sussex county SATURDAY, Oct. 2s.
Prince <ieorge U. 11. -MONDAY, Oct. SMI).
Hicksford, Greensville county SATURDAY
Nov. 4th.
Diiiwiddie lI.—MIlNlttY, Nov. (lib.
l-terabnrg—MONDAY, Nov. Sth.
MR. P_ATTwIH ciinform lo the arrangement*
made by Hi. Republicans of the respective c
ties in relation 1., tbese meetings,!)* regards lime
of assembling and any division of time ii may be
deemed desirable to make with oppononts.
(lontlty Cominillees lll'O requested lo give III"
must extended notice possible before the day of
in eliiig.
AMUSEMENTS.
,n It'll.- M« TIIKATItk.
Kngagatoalentfofrin nighls only of lhe charming
and versatile actress,
'WI'.DNKSDAY EYKNINO, October '.Villi, 1871,
Will be presented for (he first time in Richmond
llie beauliful aud exciting drama, entitled
I-1.-aiAY-Henelll of MISS HARLAND.
SATU_I'AY AFTERNOON NEXT, al 2 oelo. k,
UTISOI'OLITAN 11.V1.L.
MONDAY, OOTWRER Me,
Nil EVERY NIGHT DUIUNG THE WEEK
•rui: HrtX—aaiaa vr.NTi:ii....tt i.e.
NEW FEATURES,
HEW m:i> KI.F.n.iST PRESENTS.
A lady's fluid Watch given away at each per- j
lorinauie, besides Silver Watches, Family Hi-
hies, |co Pill'hel-s, _c.
atSo'clock, at which everybody will receive sj
present.
Admission—TWENTY-l'lVI: lI.NTS.II.NTS.
ta_ 'DiHirs open at 7 o'clock ;lo commence at s
UIItCIMA STATU I'AIR.
1 he following rules and regulations, prescribed
by the Executive Commit ice, nre published for
the Information of the public:
Ist. Tlie gates will be opened daily ou the :tlst
•Octofier, the Ist, 2d, and :id of November, at :i
.In k A. M., and closed at sunset.
2nd. The Committees on Awards entering the
-.'i..unds are rei)uested to report, immediately
their presence to the Chiefs of their respective
Ulfpurluients.
,i;.|. Guests illid delegates making lliems.-ivos
IfISBB to the secretary will be furnished with
coinpi__c-M>:i!-y ticket.-, which must, be shown at
Kates.
4Ui. Invitation, to visit the Fair, is extended lo
clergymen of all religious denominations residing
in tlie city ol Hi.hcuolbJ.
.'.ib _witat__lsaJ_eAVi_nded to the soperh.
i.-nileuls, teachers and pwHsOf Ibe orphan asy
lums of the City, to vlsil I lie g,:(,.nu/ls one clay clur
ii,_ the l-'iiir, ami tlu' projiej- olUe.t*rs of such in
muttons, who may wish to tvio_k iluv iuvita
tton, will couier with tftr r 'leu
dv.. arrangements may be made.
Otb. l.iilJ i.sot animals and articles should be
made before the evening of the 30th of (h'lob, r'
l-'adure lo com ply -with (his rule will exclude
c-oini>elilioti.for premiums.
Till. No animal or vehicle will be permitted to
rosa the enclosures within the Fair G rounds, or
-land ujKin tile track or caiviage roads lo lhe 01.
fraction of the way or iuc-oinenienie of travel.
si. No person shall expoi c any article or thing
I-.I __ nPOl) the l-'air (I rounds v.'itliout a license
bvmj v. secretary, and ali autlioi-iy.cd tiui-
iiui__*s exercise tho privilege by paying
half their co. nmission lo the Society.
nth. No gam.' l!iu vi disorderly conduct will be
allowed
llilh Ollicersofllk'Sociely wearing I hear bad;-.s
oi-s and repass the ;4 :l 'cs and grounds wiiliout
mhTveblcles, wilh tf.'-ir drivers, conTeylSf
visttora to ihe Fair Otaoaol* will be exempt fro m
tax at ihe entry Kate, out will convey I heir pas
sengers to the iiuntof Uie ladies' reception rooms,
and proceed without unnswssary delay through
the c.vii eat*. _.
1112111. Private earriagcH nmd liorses pay for ad
uiivsion llie regular entrant)* fans, if retained up
on ihe grounds for Ihe accommodation of Ibsir
owners, and will occupy Uwspaaaassst-Bd such
vehicles.
18th. Parsons reaching the grounds by lhe rail
road gates are admonished that there are live
■aies lor admission, and that undue haste an.l
pressure al any one gale may Incommode ihe In
arm, as well as women and children.
Hth. His Ihe duly of all marshals lo con,. t
all irreKnlaiilies and cheek abuses. Ifnceessarv
Lbey will call on llie police and report the (beta i"
the' chief of police.
C. i{. THOMPKINS,
oct _i d6t Chief Marshal.
A VOID ttllAi:hS A victim nl'curly Indie,
_V creilon, causing nervous debility, premai tin
,s ~1 ba\ing tried iv \ah' every adv.-i i.-» ,1
i.i.i.-dv, has discovered asimple awaa* ufsvif*
SPjje Swig State Saiitiwl
RICHMOND, VA., WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 25, 1871. VOL. III. NO. 292.
Evening £>tat* goutttat.
7".. Ho Klltor of lhe Slat,, Jouiual.
Tlie rjuestion of who shall represent the
llopublicaus iv the Thirteenth Senatorial
District was fully settled to-tlay a conven
ion having been calleil for the purpose of
Itarmonizing the alleged disaffection, which
resulted from the convention at Little Ply
month, on the _lst of September last.
Fortunately for the interest of all con
cerned, the State Central Committee sent
down one of its nienilicrs, .Mr. .1. Anderson
Taylor, to investigate the i|itestions dividing
he district, and to see that the new Con
■ention was properly carried out. Mr.
Taylor discharged his duty to the satisliu';
ion of the various candidates, and in a
nanner highly creditable to the committee
and himself. The convention reaffirmed
and endorsed Mr. Massey's nomination.
md thus settled the <|Uostion of who shall
ie the .standard-bearer in this district.
Capt. Wentworth and Mr. Vessels, the
vpposing candidates, pledge themselves to
sustain the action of the convention.
Qoite a large meeting of Republicans had
assembled lo leant the result of the new
onventiiin, and after the noiiiiiiation was
oncluded, ilr. Taylor wils introduced and
made one of his telling speeches, For ful
y an hour he spoke in defense of OUT party.
lis speech was both able and eloquent.
Mr. Robert Norton, like Sheridan at the
lattle of Winchester, made a long ftnd a
B.st ride, and reached the Convention in
me to hear its determination, lie was re
ceived with many demonstrations of up-
platise, and after (he conclusion of Mr.
Taylor's speech, he took the stand, and in
his usual style went for the Conscrvnlives.
Our Republican friends are greatly re
vived by this day's work, and we have the
beat indications of success.
Mr. W. L. Vessels offered the following
resolution, which was adopted
Il.solneil, by Hie Republicans ol' lhe Thirteenth
District, That we heartily endorse lhe nomina
tion of E. W. Massey lor the Seualo ot Virginia, I
and pledge ourselves to give him out- hearty Bap- j
port, and that we urge all Republicans to ino-i
--est themselves ill bringing out Uepubli. .ill v.n.r
on election day.
j The Convention then adjourned, anil our
friends departed in apparent good haa lor,
with everything :mtl everybody.
Yours, truly, IlEl'uni.H'AN.
All'airs in Ocincliiaml—Henry Tui-fiin liir the
House of"Delegates.
(ioO€IH.ANI> C. 11., Oct. 21st, 18?!.
7b the. Editor of ihe State Journal:
hi accordance with the joint call of till
the disaffected elements as lo the Republi
can nominee for the House of Delegates,
antl also as to the legal county chairman
and committee, a convention of delegates
from all the precincts in the county as
sembled here to-day, for the purpose of
finally determining who should be their CM.
nii'.ate, and also of electing a county chair
man antl committee'; which resulted iv the
nomination of Mr. Henry Turpin as the
candidate for the House of Delegates, and
Hector Davis, Kstp, as the counly chair
man.
Mr. Turpin is a gentleman of much pop
ularity iv the county, and commands the
confidence and respect of all classes. He
is not only of very prepossessing manners j
antl handsome appearance, but also posses
ses much intelligence. Mr. Davis' election
bathe chaii tnansliip of the county was
unanimous. The convention conferred up
on ltw_ the power of appointing the Execu
tive C—nuniltee, foebng as they did, confi
dent that Lis selection would be salisfact..
ry to,all.
The lion. Ofa_B. 11. Porter addressed the
mass meeting iv his usual thundering tones
of eloquence, which brought down the
wildest storms of applause.* Handsome
■speeches were made on the occasion by
llossrs. Hanks, Woodson antl others.
John It. Mil.i.eh,
C, Woodson, Chairman.
Secretary*,
itrenlilii an Mssllsst in Varina Township,
Hrurico County—Slirriim Addresses.
To the Klitar of the. Stale Jonrnul I
A general mass meeting of the Republi
cans of Varina township was held on yes
terday at Hiilfciitown church. _ large din
ner was spread in the grove adjacent to lhe
church, and the utmost good feeling and
harmony prevailed.
The meeting was called to order at two
'clock by Lewis Harris, and on motion of
cilin James, _sq., Lewis Harris was
hosen chairman, and Win. .1. A liable rc
nested to act as secretary.
The Republican candidates for the Senate
were then introduced, antl intuit; earnest
nil telling speeches in support of the Be
inblican principles and tlie Republican
cket. N. J. Ilurnliam, candidate for
lierilf, made a brief ami eioc|iicnt speech.
■01. I. 11. Shields being present, was loud-
y called fur, antl after the applause had in
measure subsided, he came Iniward, and j
ir twenty minutes he held his listeners j
pell-bound and when lhe s^caktu/took his
cat, cheer after cheer vent the air, lestify
ig the appreciation of his effort by the I
rowd present.
Among the spectators present we saw I
Ir. Charles Shields, of Wilmington, Dcla
vare, the young aud talented brother of
our gifted townsman Col, Shields. The
itinost enthusiasm prevailed. A thorough
rganization of that township was then
fleeted, and on motion, the meeting ad
ourned. Lhwis Harris,
*a*__a_______—■
*_ 'A Hahit is n lluliit.—Oreut social evils
ml abuses, which interfere with marring*. _M
ulned the prospects and happiness of thousand
f the young. Sure means of relief lor tho err
ng aud unfortunate, diseased and doliilib'.te.l,
an be obtained by calling at Du. Woi.cutt's PAIS
_UTI 01-tlliE, No. 2117 Fifth street, betu a
Grace and Rroad.
Where all advice Is given free, nolle need f.-ar
e\j>osurc. All communications answered prompt
g&Ef" Jouvetra Inodorous tvicl Glove (denilrr
Ily Its aid gloves can lie cpiickly and rejieali-dly
cleaned and mtlde ecpial to new even w lieu bad
ly soiled they etui be readily restored. It is easy
lof application and is iierferfectly free from any
i lor. For sale hy druggists, and Isacy goods
dealers. Price, Bfi cents a tiottle.
Ivory I'eurl lundi Pewdera
is strongly recommended as the. best dentrifrire
known. It cleanses and preserws tlie teeth
hardens the gums, sweetens the breath and, con
taining no tu-icl or gritty substance, is perl, cily
harmless, and can be uned daily with great ad
vantage. Sold by all druggists. I'rice,--'.I and
.Vi tier bottle.
a?" One or those hllllclsollle storc-rtiunis in
St. Alba n'shall, corner ul Main aml Thin I street-,
has ju-t been opened by oar young friend, O. CI
THusrsoN, who lias a complele sio.U >.f Gbock
hiss, Wings, Llcil oils, _. lo which die nil, v
__00___L 3iyV-irri:i-S.
Irjcpvb_ica_ mMimn,
lor lhe Selinle.
m..T. R. I'OI'IIAM, WILLIAM TRO\
SAMOKL 1,. ANNAISI.K.
For the House.
W. ROIIANNON, 0. S. MILLS,
HOBAI'E L. RENT, HENRY MILLER
JilllN RANKIN.
For Ihe House, Prom Henrico.
0.0. VINCENT. JOHN WOODWOIITI
If you have moved from one ward to
another you must be registered again.
ki,i:< tion tickets printed al ths BTATI
JOURNAL ollice, at. the following reasoiiabl
rates:
1,000 *:l Ol
■_,(K«> r, m
3,000 n 01
Each additional 1,000 2 00
ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLF.D.
Tie 1 GASH lnusl accompany all orders.
Wlile tlie names lo be inserted P____OT—Y
PLAIN, in order that no errors may ciivur.
Courage of a Jewish Lady, whi
GIVES Vent to RIOIiTEOUB Inimona
TliiN A llrmorral, w/io Despises Uepubli
cms, is Severely Jlurse-ic/uppcd by a Beau
liful Jewess. —A very interesting alfair hap
pened on Broad street several days ago,
.vliich, thus far, has failed to find its waj
•nto public print. 'I'he occurrence createt
considerable excitement among the friends
of both parlies, all of whom have endeav
ored to keep the matter from becoming
public. The affair is one of such rare t«
cin lonee in this part of the world, that we
cannot resist tlie temptation to givo our
readers the benelitofit. We are less in
clined to suppress the facts, because the re
cipient of the lady's favor is a rampant,
ranting, wide-mouthed Democrat, who de
lights in the abuse of Republicans, antl
boasts that he desires lo have nothing to
tlo with them, lint to the facts in the
case:
A couple of young ladies from the coun
try walked into a thy goods store on Broad
street, whose proprietor is a prominent
Israelite of this city, and alter making a
number of purchases, paid the bill and re
ceived the bundle containing the goods
selected.
(ioing from the store to one kept by a
celebrated groccryman, on the same
street, the ladies laid their bundle of dry
goods on the counter and made several
purchases of groceries. When they had
finished dealing with Mr. Croceryman, antl
when ready lo leave, they remembered
Mr bundle of thy gootls, and to their
nishnicnt found it missing,
he keeper of the grocery ascertaining
they had purchased the missing goods from
Ir, gallantly consented to go back with
and demand the missing bundle. On
ng the store he demanded the gootls
dies had purchased, and when inform
■y had been taken away, he indignant
ued it, and charged that Jews were
in the habit of doing business in that way,
and intimated tho goods had been stolen.—
No one being present except the wife of the
proprietor, of course Mr. (irocery-tnnn won
a glorious victory. On returning with the
ladies to his store, he found tlie missing
bundle, but failed lo apologize for thcolfeii
sive language used.
The htlsband of the insulted Jewess re
turning, she explained all to him, who de
manded an apology for the otlensivo lan
guage used in the presence of his wife—he
refused, and on being informed of the refu
sal .Mrs. armed with a keen horse,
whip went in person antl demanded ai
apology. The gallant and brave grocet
still refused, whereupon the beautifu
Jewess, drawing the whip from her clothing
gave him such a thrashing as he will notsoon
forget. She returned to her husband satis
lied that she had performed a sacred duty
while doubtless the gentleman of sugar ant
molasses cursed the day he had offended
brave and determined woman.
We favor these sort of rights for women
we do.
Corn and fi.tii'it Exchange— Modi
fiealion of lhe Hides Regulating Sales. —A
special meeting of the Board or Directors
of the Richmond Corn and flour Exchange
was held last evening. Present) Thomas
Branch, president, ami J, 11. Martin
second vice-president j Coleman Worth—til
1\ A. Sublett, G.B.Stacy, L.L.Bass
John li. Cary, (i. A. Wallace, Win. II
Perkins, directors.
On motion of John B. Cary, the follow
tug resolutions were repealed
Resolved, That prices of wheat, whether de
nullified by sellers or olli-red by purchasers, sbal
conform to multiples of 2Jcj cents per bushel; am
all advanced bids shall be 2H cents per bushel oi
multiples thereof.
Itesoleed, When a seller oilers several saul pies o
wheat together, and declines to sell thetnsepa
raiely, a buyer's oiler of an advance of 2)4J cent
|ier bushel on one single 10l shall not constitute
a bid tile bid must be equal to 2*3 ecnls pc
huslud on lhe enlire offering.
And on his further motion the following
lecolulions were adopted
Readied, Thai prices for wheal, whether de
iiiaudecl by sellers or olli-red by buyers, shal
conform to mullipli s of one cent per bushel, am
all advance Mils shall be one cent per bushel or
multiples thereof.
Riso/eid, Thai when a seller oilers several
samples of wheat together, ami declines to seil
iliem separately, a buyers oiler of cine cent ppf
bushel on a single lot shall not constitute a bid
the hid nill.-t be equ.ii lo one ceuL per lin lieloii
lhe e-ilire tillering.
ReHolvnt, That a seller declining to separate
several sain pics of wheal, and adhering lo lie
prices on each tii-st demanded by hits, is at liber
ty to sell at lho.se pi ices, even though n..i ii-i.iv
gating a full advance bid over another oiler made
solved, Tbat section i; of the regulal i..n
at lop I eel on the Ist. of July, 1887, bo amended so as
to lead as follows
The minimum bid or oiler to Im> eulerlainei
-hall be cue c.-nt on all grain and ten ecnls ol
flour.
The Board then adjourned.
I. Cod ULAN, Secretary.
_ _ -«_
Incendiarism.—This horrible crime
so wide spread in its etfects, destroying al
classes of property and human life itsell
seems to have become ipiite popular
Scarcely a tlay passes that we do not reai
accounts of incendiary fires. They arc
confined to no portion of the country, ant
their frequency would indicate a precon
certed plan of action ou the part of the in
cendiaries.
Fortunately Richmond has suite red to
limited extent during the past year, fron
lires, but while other cities throughout the
country are being devastated, the tore]
may be applied here at any moment. AYe
therefore warn our citizens to be vigilant.
M.tRTUARY liEPORT.—The following 1
the mortuary report for the week cudin
Saturday, October 2lst, 1871, compile
from sexton's returns received at the ollic
K'dof Health Whole number o
he city, 1!); in addition, 1 (col
nil, was reported. Sea Male
10. Color: While males, I
les 7 colored males, 5; colored
—Robot Crutchlield was yesterday ap
pointed a notary public for Spotsylvania.
—During the absence of .fudge Bye, Mr
John S. Kady will act as State Treasurer.
—Policeman Joseph .1. Fuqua has bee
relieved from duty by the Hoard of Polio
l. .iiunissioncrs.
—The proprietors of the Richmond hi
patch will give a gold medal to the lies
drilled volunteer company at the comiii
Agricultural Fair.
—Benjamin Lodge, No. 89, 1, O. I. 1",
has donated the sum of $.V( to the sufferers
of the Chicago fire.
—Tho State Council, Friends of Ten
peranoe, met In Cbarlottosrille last evei
tug, over one hundred delegates being ii
attendance.
—A lady, while standing on the platfbrn
of lhe Petersburg railroad depot, last even
ing, had her pocket picked of about ISO
The thief made his escape.
—At a meeting of the Board of Polio
Commissioners, held on Monday, Mr. X
(1. Tyler was appointed on the police force
to fill a vacancy in the middle district.
—The fifth annual fair of the Horde
Agricultural Society opened at Danville,
yesterday. The attendance was quite large
and the various departments of the exhibi
—The seini-ammal washing of the Rich
mond Fire Department will take place ot
Monthly afternoon next, October .'ill—jus
in time to be witnessed by a large nuiubei
of strangers, who will be in allendancL
upon the State Fair.
a
Chancery Court of RICHMOND—
Judge Fitzhiiyh —The following cases wen
disposed of yesterday
Wilson and wife vs. Hill's andininistra
tor antl others. Decree authorizing guar
dian to appropriate a part of the priucipo
of the Wards estate towards his mainte
nance and education. Evans, p. q.
Ellen Etklora Kohr vs. Clarissa Tcrril's J
administrator, etc. Order dismissing bill,
and directing cause to be removed from the
docket. E. Y\ Cannon, p. q.
Wilson vs. Landrnm. Hy consent of
parties cause dismissed, and ordered to be
removed from the docket. E. V. Cannon,
p. tj.
Kent]rick vs. Bowers. Deoros confirm
ing report of commissioners, and directing
final distribution of the fund. Sands and
Leake and K. Y. Cannon, counsel.
Wooldridge vs. Taylor, „c. Order dis
missing cause. R. O. Howard, p. q.
Cobb Brothers vs. IHII ft Maddo.x. Or
tler tlismissing cause. Joynes, p. q,
Underwood's adm'r vs. smith and
others. Decree mollifying former decree
so as to authorize a sale of the property in
the city of Richmond, or on the premises,
at discretion of coiinjtissioncr. Evans,
Spriggs vs. Mayo and others. (Irder dis
missing cause. Robert Howard, p. q,
Hoffman vs. Saner, etc. Decree dismis
sing cause, Ac. Howard nnd Wise anil
Chandler and Morton, counsel.
Pitchers and others vs. Worsham and
others. Decree confirming report of com
missioner and directing a sale of the pro
perty in the bill and proceedings men
tioned. Sands and Leake and Evans,
Ellett ft Shelton vs. Baldwin's adminis-
IraUir and others. Decree conlirnt"tg re
portof commissioners of sale of land in
Henrico county, and directing a partial dis
tribution of the fund. Sands and Leake,
Stiles and Christian, Page and Maury, coitn-
Wilkius vs. Wilkins and others. Decree
confirming report of commissioner tpid di
recting bond, which is the evidence of the
investment made, to be tiled with the clerk
jof the court for safe-keep 'ig. Johnson and
(Jilnicr, Ac, vs. Leake, guardian, &C<
Decree directing defendant, It. VV. Ander
son, to show cause within twenty days af
ter service of copy of decree, why claim
against John (Jarrett's administrator shall
not be paid out of fund in court. Sands
antl Ixake, tiny and (lilliam, counsel,
1—-
The morning papers say the Democratic
meeting at Springfield llaU last night, was
a large and enthusiastic affair. Now, a re
porter of the JOURNAL was present, and
lie didn't see it in that light by a good deal.
At i) o'clock the audience consisted of
about thirty while men, two colored Con
servatives, four or live policemen and fifty
boys—each of the latter armed with big
sticks, and nobly performed the duty re
quired of them by the managers, by mak
ing the most uproarious antl unearthly yells
and noises. It was a long time before even
this small crowd could be gathered. The
want matUkgei-8 procured tlie services of a
number of little boys to get one or two
empty barrels and a few palings from the
neighbors' fences, of which a fire was
made, and by dint of constant yells and
shouts attracted the few persons, who
came to see what the devil was going on.
So small was the assemblage that one of
the leaders of the party informed our
reporter that the thing had been badly
managed, and that he was ashamed of the
small gathering.
Mr. 0. B. Lipsoombe was made chair
man. .Mr. Wynne was introduced, who
toltl the audience that he picked ehinca
pins on the spot where they sat; he toM
three anecdotes anil subsided—his story of
the Dutchman having been butt to death by
a goat alone eliciting applause from the
boys with their sticks.
Lovenstein next followed, and was the
heavy man of the occasion, his speech be
ing a labored effort in defense of the last
Legislature, which he pronounced as a very
worthy, intelligent and honest body He
soared in his flight to the distant South and
gave his hearers some news from Texas,
Louisiana, Alabama, etc.
Next came J. Thompson Brown, who
informed his hearers that he was a lip-top
mechanic, but could represent them in any
position to which his clear friends might
elect him. His effort was of a sermon-like
character, and created but little enthusiasm.
Mr. Brown looked sick, talked like he was
sick, and no doubt felt sick.
Colonel Oilman and a young lawyer
named Turpin concluded the perform
ance with very good speeches, which were
well received, especially by the boys with
The meeting was a failure, and was so
acknnwfedged by the managers of the party
lor Marshall ward.
Wyman?—The entertainment of this re
nowned wizard antl ventriloquist, at Metro*
nolitun Hall, nightly attnc ltrge and de
lighted audiences. The performances are
highly amusing, and, added to the excite
ment which tlie distribution of valuable
presents among the audience creates, the
scene iv the hall is of the most animated
description. New attractions to-night.
Iletnember the performance announced for
M well known in this city, arrived _UH
evening OH the Sylvester, and were met by
number of the brother Oddfellows and
ither friends of Ihe deceased. lie breathed j
lis last on the 22d, at his resilience near
Villiamsbiirg. As first lieutenant of the
tiling Guard, and then afterwards as cap
ti'i of the Sidney (irays, he served wilh
istinguished gallantry on the Confederate j
ide daring- tho war, receiving a severe]
•ound at the battle of Drewry's I'.hilf.
te was for many years a member of Union
/odgc, No. 7, and Ncilson Encampment,
No. 2, I. O. o. I<\, of Richmond, but had
more recently transloiivd his membership
to a sister lodge in Petersburg.
Captain Vannerson was a printer, and
had endeared himself, not only to his bro
ther crai'i.-nien of this city, but to a large I
ff'rclo of friends outside ol his profession.

Thieves, Pici-r-iMrKi-yrs, ami Cl i-
THROATS, —It is well known that Iti'i's,
■uch as is to be held near this city next
week, usually attract large numbers of
thieves, pick-pockets, and cut-throats Irani
fitr and near, who ply their nefarious trade
with en unscrupulous disregard of the age,
sex, or Condition of their victims, and will
not slop at murder itself lo carry out their
■hc-ines of plunder. It is not too
ion to sound the slat—l and place
I visitors upon their guard. They
iodl<l be watchful and vigilant ;.t all
tiies, whether in the city, at their In dels
ul boarding-houses, on the grounds of the
inhibition, or on the railroad trains. Oil
ourse, the city police and the special olli
rs on the Fair Grounds, will recogniM the
ii.-.-essity for the most thorough measures
for the protection of honest people from the
rogues wise are expected to pour in upon
us next week.
Row. W. 11. If. STOWELL and mis
Devotion to the Catjbe.—Ourropre-1
sentalives iv Congress have by '/eal anil in
dustry in the present campaign, entitled
themselves to the gratitude of the Repub
licans of Virginia, nnd throughout the en
tile Union. Neither of them have been
more zealous In the discharge of patriotic
duties than Hon. W. 11. 11. Stowell, of the
Fourth Congressional District,
By reference! to the appointments made
lo discuss party issues, it will be seen that
Mr. Stowell has taxed his energies and lime
to the utmost extent. Ilis ef fort s are tell
ing throughout the entire district, and we
learn have been suitably rewarded by har
monizing all differences in the party and
awakening a livingdotennination among the
pcple to throttle and destiny the infamies of
Democratic rule. All honor to Mr. Stow
ell, and the distinguished men of the party
who are laboring in the cause ol freedom
Si'si'iciors.—lt is strange, but no les s
I rue, that for several times recently the
.1 udge of the Hustings Court of this eilv
has absented himself during the days ol
registration. When any doubt arises as to
the right of men to register, they are re
fiTicd to Judge (luigon by the olficers con
ducting registration, and when he is sought
for his opinion, he is not to be found.
Now we submit that lhe time selected by
him to leave the cily is improper and gives
rise to a suspicion of unfairness however
unjust it may be, or however the judge
may be innocent of intention!ial wrong.
Many of his decisions appear strange to
those who differ with hint politically, by
means of which a huge number of persons
are deprived of the privilege of voting, but
no act of his seems more singular than his
absence IVora the city during the days of
Crand l'i:i'i'i:i,ii'.\N r Rally at
Union llo'i'ei,.— There will be a i__m
meeting of the Republicans of this cily at
Union Hotel, on Seventh street, at 7.1
o'clock on Friday evening, the _7lh instant.
The following gentlemen have consented to
address the meeting: Governor 11. 11.
hfcm, lion. Rush Burgess, and a number of
We invite our Democratic friends espe
cially to be present on th s occasion, as
some of the ablest indicators of Republi
can principles have agreed to discuss them.
We invito every white man in the city to
come and hear what is said, and learn the
difference between the opposing political
parties of the State.
MILH I'oßl'lt'UMON'D.—The citizens of
Augusta counly held a mooting recently to
confer with each oilier in regard to the .ship
ment of milk to this cit)'. It wits ascer
tained that from the quantities indicated by
parlies present and interested in the pro
ject, at least two thousand gallons could
soon be daily tillered for sale in this cily.—
A committee was appointed to confer with
the Chesapeake anil Ohio railroad authori
ties, and to obtain the best terms possible
for the transportation of tho milk. We
heartily endorse the movement as promi
sing our citizens an ample supply of pure
milk at lower prices than obtain ai piv-
Tiie Tyson In.h'nction.—The Tyson
injunction suit, which was lately dismissed
from the United States Circuit Court of this
city, on motion of plaintiff's attorney, has
been reinstiluled at Lynchburg, before tin
-1 iiiled Slales Circuit ('curt for the western
district of Virginia. The suit is brought
against lien. Mahoue by a stockholder of
the Virginia ttnd Tennessee rnilrord, and for
iis object the restraining of the organization
of 'the Atlantic, Mississippi and Ohio rail
road, and the issue of bonds under the act
of Assembly, known as fhe consolidation
Tin: Com if i:i:t ut."—Charles(irii'ine,
of this cily, has invented a new game of lie
above title, which he has copy-righted.
The game can be played by two, three- or
four persons, on a board similar to that
used in the game of checkers, each person
using four men, also similar to those used
by checker-players. From the description
of the game which he has given US, we
have no doubt it will prove quite interest
Meeiino o. the Uiianii Division
Sons qb 1 Tesii'eiianCß. -The officers and
I members of the Clrand Division Sons of
Temperance of Virginia, resident of this
cily, will meet this afternoon at 8 o'clock,
al the Exchange hotel for the transaction of
business.
Baptist Sunday-School Conven
tion. —The Baptist Sunday-School Con
vention of the Stale of Virginia will assent*
ble in this city on the 28tn of November.
All the counties and cities in the State will
be represented.
Mass Meeeino in Monroe Ward.
There will be a Republican mass meeting
I church, commencing at 7J o'clock, l/jt
preaching exhibition will be held
Lewis _, I tunic, Ivtip, of Amelia com
ly, is the president of the society, assisti-i
by eight vice presidents, and an executiv
committee consisting of nine members, tl
president and vice presidents being eft oj)
nip Members of lhe executive committee.
K. 0. Leigh, of Richmond, is the socreta
ry nnd treasurer of the society.
The various departments on the grouts
will be under the supervision of the follow
ing persons:
I lepai fment of Raw Materials, He—
Board, Messrs. Nowland, and Ed
nnuitl I'ulliii chief, Dr. S. Moore.
Department of Machinery, Agriculture
Implements, _c —Board, Messrs, Knigh
Irhy and Drewry; chief, ,lohn 0. Ai
thews.
Department of Manufactures—Buan
Messrs. Sutherlin, Watkins and Medio
chief, W. M. Archer.
Department fine Aits -Hoard, Messrs.
Ix-c, Dulaney and Walker; chief, W. 11.
Ilaxall.
Department of Animals —Board, Messrs
Ilaxall, Picklin and Cowan; chief,-Captain
A. \V. (lardner.
Department of Essays—Hoard, Messrs.
1". »i. Kulliii, Staples and llaskuis; chiol
J. C. Shields.
Col. C. Q. Tompkins fa the cl«_f mar*
Khal. and iv ill be assisted in his duties In
tbe following aids: Ookmel D. S. Kweli
Colonel Thomas Smith, Colonel tidward
I ho vie, and Dr. 0. Tompk'us.
On inquiry al Ihe oflice of the aoctat;
this morning, we were Informed that the iv
tercst iv the fair was on the increase, am
that the entries in all the departments wort
already far in excess of any previous year
and were still coming in. There will cer
tainly bo over two hundred head of tin
cattle on the grounds, nnd"i.hc laigest ant
liuest collection of blooded horses ever wit
nessed in Virginia.
The success of the fair is already assured
both as respects the entries and the attend
ance of people.
T_t_ Mass Meeting Last Night—
The Speeches, Ire. —Considering the shor
noli,-,', the Republican meeting last nigh
on Broad street, in front of City 1 lii.ll, was
one of the largest political gatherings ever
assembled iv this city.
About 8 o'clock, iff, T. Bailoy, Esq.
chairman of the City Central Committee
called the meeting to order, and in a briel
speech announced its object.
J. Anderson Taylor was chosen chair
man, ami made a few remarks, which were
happily conceived and well received.
At the conclusion of Mr. Taylor's re
marks, Hon. John S, l'opham was intro- I
dooed. who, iv a speech of an hour and a
half, chained the attention of his audience.
Those who heard Mr. Pophatn last night,
pronounce his speech the ablest he has yet j
delivered, anil that ils elfects were visibly
seen upon the crowd present.
At the conclusion of Colonel Popham's I
remarks, Landon Boyd, Esq., was intro-1
duccd, who, as is his habit, made a most
The next speaker was Major Samuel L.
A unable, who acquitted himself with credit.
I ul. N. C Onlway, of Washington, con
cluded the speaking in a i earnest and w.-ll
conceived address, complimentary mention
of which has been made by even our »p|io-
But for the threatening weather and the
heavy rain which soon followed, (hi- Crowd
would have been immense. Republicans
throughout the city are becoming thorough
ly aroused, and are prepared to do effec
tive work tit the approaching election.
Bankrupts.—The following is a listo
bankrupt cases filed iv the office of \V. VV
l-'orbes, register in bankruptcy for th
Third Congressional district of Virginia
since our lust report:
John Monger Martin, I>. C. Burnett, W
hk Wright, Apolus Houtwell, W. T. Taha
ferro, Caroline county; Ceoi-go 11. Davis
Prince I'Mward co.; A.J. McDowell, Kin_
William county; (leorge Keid, llenrici
county; Alexander Hart, Richmond city
11. J. Wilkcrson, Mecklenburg county
William B. Jones, .lames B. McCullock
Sylvanus Johnson, Petersburg; David it
Niinie, Louisa county J. T. .1. Mason
Sussex court-house; Peter W. Hawthorn
If. M. Ltilfoon, Lunenburg county Ceo
I. Scott, Parmviiie.
Robbery o? a Valuable Diamoni
Pin —Mr. (ieorge W. Morgan, of tin
city, who was at Lynchburg tltiring th
Pair, met with a serious loss, by being
robbed of a handsome and very valuable
diamond pin, estimated to bo worth >iki
lie was attacked by three ruffians, two o
whom held him while the third took the
pin from his sli'i't bosom.
It was rumored yesterday that one o
the robbers hail been arrested at Burke
ville, but we could trace the report to no
reliable source.
We understand the gentlemen who re
lieved Mr. .Morgan, hailed from Chicago
and were a part of that city, which, nil
fortunately, escaped burning]
Hon. E. W. Massey Nominated km
THE SENATE. —Prom the report of pro
(seeding! iv the Thirteenth Senatorial dis
triet, it will be seen that lion. K. W
Massey, of West Point, has been desig
nated as the choice of Republicans for the
Senate, and that all difficulties heretofore
existing in the district have been adjusted
I Mr. Massey is one of tho most devotet
Kepublieans in the State, and from his we
known integrity and high character, n
more lilting selection could have been
made.
Tho majorily of Republican voles in tin
district need be no cause for relaxation 01
the part of Mr. Massey 'a friends, for W
not onlj want to elect all such men but w
want to carry the State on the popula
vole. He up then, Republicans of th
Thirteenth District, and see that no ma
stays from the polls on election day.

Phi,ice Court— Justice J. J. Whit
I'residinij. —-The following cases were (lis
posed of to-day
Maria Washington, charged with stoalin
$1S from Mahaia Harris. Pound guilt
and sentenced to .'ID days in city jail.
Richard Jackson, charged with assault
ing anil beating Thomas Scott. Ilount
over for three months in the sum of.-jcJOO.
Charles Piileher, chanted with threaten
ing the life of James A. Parmer and thato
his daughter, Louisa fanner. Pined S'J.
prank Saunders, charged with lighting o
tin- public .streets, antl also with resistin
the police. Pined 19.60.
Thomas Scott, charged with fighting on
the public streets. Discharged.
-w»
UNMAII,AI!I.K LeTTTRS ItEMAININO
in tiiio Richmond Pustoi'Kit k Oct.
<Bvmm £tatc #<mtttal
onk nou.Aii imt ajMN oi euhi lew
motion for new trial n_* argued, and
time taken to consider.
United States vs. A. 11. SpitnHtn el a!.
Verdict for pl'tintilf and damages assessed
United Slales vs. Eli Thompson. Pica
I no! guilty. Verdict not guilty as chari
in tlie indictment.
United Slales v.-. W. V. Allen. Verdict
I for Ihe plaintilf, anil damages assessed nt
United Slates vs. M. T. and L. W.
Davis, Verdict for the plaintiff, d
I a -essed at $1(10. Kenii.-sinn of penalty re
'■of ended. Judgment and exec-tifion
suspended for ten dav.s.
I filed States vs. I'tou-h et al. Mol'on
for a new trial withdrawn.
An Order From Cuicauo. 11. 1..
I'elouzo ct Co., typo founders of If is cil i,
h-tve received an order for an entire onl!ii
for the Chicago Democrat ollice, burnt put
during the late conflagration hi thai city.
In this conueclioii wo may stale Ih.-n' llie
associated type founders of the United
Slates have resolved to make a redneli.iii of
ten per cent, ou net cash bills in favof of
all printers and publishers whose materials
were destroyed by the late fire in Chicago,
if purchases are made between this time
and April next.

I HE tiOVERNOR Oone Aoain.—Gil
bert the Ist, is again on the pad, aud ha;
led the Executive Mansion looking desolate,
lie has been, or expects to be on exhibi
tion at every one ot out State fairs; but
whether or not he will take a premium re
mains to be seen.
He has gone to Danville, and will return
by way of Petersburg, and we presume,
iv time for our great exhibition. Won't
somebody sing, Don't you go Cilly, don't
Vikoinia State Fair Keoii.a-
TION'S.— We call iitleulion to t!i- adver
tisement oft!. Tompkin i, chief marshal,
I Virginia State Pair, setting forth the rules
and regulations adopted and to bo enforced
during Fair week. A knowledge in these
rules will save much time and prevent un
necessary confusion aud disappointment.
Ma-- .Vlccti l,ir ci t-<'utnrrcl<:itt/.cil*.-Resolution...
At a mass meeting of lhe colored citizens
of the city of Richmond, held at. Navy Hill
lon tho 2u_ d»y Of October, 1871 |,and..:i
Boyd, 10sip, in the chair, and William 11,
I.ester acting a-i secretary. On motion, a
committee of five were appointed on reso
lutions, consisting of Messrs. Trent, De
Ifortte, Anderson, Strange and Uoberson.
Tlie committee presented the following
preamble and resolutions, which, were
adopted after full discussion ami careful
consideration:
Whekk.as, tile priniciry object of all law should
In- to seeiir.- an.l preserve inviolate ihe recagnUcd
and inalienable right of all men lo lire, liberty
anil llie pursuit of happiness, t hereby coinpelliu;:
I .e.-iiriiv loeaeh inenibi >r of civil socielv and en
suring tlie |i]-eservatiou of pence, ip-iel and order
iv eoniiuiniities; anil whereas it is the hoi-i oi
our laws that they grant a remedy for every
WXOOg and sec-ure tile eiiloiveinoiii. ol all j;i-!
rights; and whereas, it i< ihe painful, the de
liberate opinion of this meeting that lie- laws in
teuilecl to accomplish these lieiielieenl ends have
l.een pervet-lecl anil distorted into in I iiimiiils ol
oppression antl wrong, l>y iviim.h of theirenforce
i ineiii betas committed to the hands oi igno
rant and vindictive potentates man.)
oases, l-.siiiiin_ in such unwarrantable an.l
despoUo aluise of their poweni as those
I recently diSgTacitir; the panes ol .j.l-n.e
vi thi- cily, to vvil The illegal and uu jnsiilia
-1.1- cj.-clincnt of our i-ilizi'iis, male and female,
from the cars of lhe Richmond Til v Hallway
company; the worse arrest and brutal disper
sion of a large number of our people al Ham's
Hall ou the lltli instant, where ibey were assem
bled in furtlierence of a charitable and chrisll in
cause attempting lo do iroocl lo all men and in
jury lo none—which should have been encour
aged and protected, ralhcr lb ill moleslecl, by llie
city authorities; and tlie more aggravaled, be
cause more illegal and lirulal, ai'|-e-.| cif a li-mile,
wfio was seized wlthuiil a cau-e, shamefully
.hugged llirough the streets, ami lu-iu-eil an'l
beaten in a manner as cruel and fierce as it was
cowardly, by a policeman ot Richmond j Ibero
bra 1..- it
It.x.de.d, That iv the name of law, ef right
and justice, and lastly, of humanity u.-.li, we
appeal loourauiiioritii- 10 gram ns t_i_ir aid iv
mijipression of such sec nes, oul rages, an.) wron-s,
and to use ihe power- vetted in them to bun.; all
parties guilty of such abn-e of ttieir am tmrii v to
immediate punishment.
Rttaltud, Thai we, lhe colored p.Mine of lie
cily of 1,-iihniond, do iiu.pialili. ill, 1.-iiounce lhe
resent conduct ol Justice Oeorgu J. ri-.m lib-id
lor imposing fines upon the colored .iii/.eiis for
ll.ioll'cine wlitn but limply lor lhe purpo-e
ou Ilis part of satiating prejudice and malice
I against our peoplo as a. race. And we do hereby
__) in, and cbatlengecoatradicii >v from any and
all sources whatever, that the colored peovle,
iHitb male and female, who were arrested'Yc
ceutly al Ham's Hall for an alleged violation
a city ordinal!.'.i, and were lined Iticvefor by .Ins
1 1. c ('rut. hlield, were aeling ii an orderly and
peaceably manner; that tlie obj.-.-i ot their a
senibling was one of ruiigion and I. 'iievoleiue,
and Ille dislurbauer llieil and there 1 rented, it
uuy Worth speaking of, was no nl-.i-.- or er.-it. >r
than occurs al tile le.iiv'.ils and furs of ih..
white people of this eiiy, whom ill vigilaiit
and chivalrous policemen would not have dared
to molesi iv the least uuilersitnihireireui.i-laiic.-.
lull,, it further retained. Thai acotumill.ee .v
three be, and the the sane- is hereby appointed,
I bilay ibesc grievances b. line the prop, 1 aiithon
tk-Of this city, to roipicsl their proiccuon and
inierleivnce in ihe pi viiii.-...-, to ih.. i,,| u,al. of
fenders may !.c punished and tl.el i«. \lndicali d.
that lhe peace and rood orcl.-r iif our eilvmav
I not iv the future he clislurbed lbs! re;hl, ami
not might, shall be Ihe rule, and a 1. IgJi ..I ;-.....1
will and prosperily iv all classes ami inaliciui-
I ditions shall be inaugurated.
'I'he following mslruclions were Ihen
given to the committee
Ist. To ask for lhe relllol.il ~f policeman IVr
rin, who made the arret in manner .and form
above set forth of Mrs. Jarhfia Turner.
'Jcl. To ask that the aiuouul of tinea a.- d la
Justice Crutch—Old again-I the panic- arretted
al Ham s 11,111,,. refunded them—Police .lust...
While having tlecidecliu tlu-case of ib.s brought
before him for ibis so-called oii'iu.e thit they
were not guilty of a viol.-uio.iof an) regulation,
.liacllllelit or ordill luce of Lhe St.-l -c or ily. and
thereby condemn the course of the magistrate as
-essiug the tine.
3d. To confer wilh the authorities gen.n'.dii
uimn such measures as will effectually p
every one and mv Ibe p.' i. aa. I 11. let ol lb.
--u 11. r1 1,
I.lM'"\
l.i .1. SiKi.v.ii:,
Captain JOHN T. V \NNi:i;su',N, ia _~ i.
October M Hi, at bis residence on i 'bur.-li in a.
Mr. l.'lllilSTlAN You.Nii, at un tuivaaced SfW.
In Manchester,on llie 13th iii.-ianl, V A Mil,l.
.1 Al !„_ON, iv bin I son ol John i.an.l t.:o\\ t :.ii
trait, aired 5 wed,.-.
On lhe -Jiili instant, ANNIE AI'tlUsTA,
d.milliter ott'leirles T. anil Alitalia L...lnr,
■(•d I years anil ::tl days.
WANTS.
)oo rini-.iiNs wivrtii.
I'arlies liaviui,-full fti-owil, lieailhv PIGEON
to ilisjiose 01. ill tan* ar -iiiall i|triui- |c
Unci a Cilsll ]lui-ehase] I.v :l[.|ilviu„ lo c'lj.i V.
I. DAHNEV, No. S Governor street, Uicluii.,,,,!,
FOR SENT]
I.MHI KEM' -Tvv.i km IIUIII.IM.V
-T With lllocl 'ill. conveniences in*Wit_t_T-
hi bouse an.l 51a1.1,. altaeh.-il. near lbe corner