The Daily Intelligence!-, jfr U M 4 MU+ ''i'lie IVocll lilteili
FR?W, HACANS A HALL, //|T B B fi/A/ I B ,W A a A luja moot renmnlng ill ttu
Ai |j? |pjif?nn||^ J lllFlIlliriifwX
.^?^W'^:::::..::..'S! ?IM,
1 1 Sll^ii'Cojiy,foro:u jbu. In xlvwoo,...,% 1 to
TKRMS OP 4EK-W1IISLT: V? Clalii ol Tr*. n"""i" ,i
Mx mouilu, In ulvuce, 'jw j* V/. .LING, W. Vr~ SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4 1871 vn ?o IS
I thpm mimtha. lii a*ivftD(uj, 100i _ v .N U, UO Twcatj-Uve tttt
"*y 1 Aurt ?n extra copy to the pumm Rcttin* dp Club.
PostaMteri are roaneatod to act ai Araita.
Financial.
DEPOSITOK8 SECUl'.ED BV INdividual
Liability.
H CRARflLB. DALHLL. W. U. KCGLXl.
THE CITY BANK
Dealt In Bills of Exchange, United States
lie i. nl", Guld Coin, and all Negotiable Securities.
Notes and Bills of Kxchanao Discounted.
Collections mado for Merchants, Manufacturers,
lktuki*. Bankers, and others, on all aceessib.c
iHiintM In the United States and Canada.
IJ rap. a In soma U> suit purchasers on all the
iirinrlpal Cities and Towns In Germany, Groat
liri tain and Ireland.
luiureat allowed on Special DeposiU.
It. (CItANGLB; President
J. D1LZELL. Vice President.
t: n. BCOLK8, Caahlor. murU
I^IRHT NATIONAL H^NK
OF WHEELING.
Unitod States Depository.
Capital 8200,000
A funeral Banking, Kxctaaogo and Collection
bualnuaa transuded with fidelity and prompuicM.
I'crildcatea of Oopoalt laaaod and Intercut paid
Uuvcnao utampa for Mle In eama to salt.
Now Fractional Currency and 1, t, 8 and 6c coin
tlwaya on bund for the accommodation of the
public.
Arrtianw of Marchanta, Manufacturer#. Dank*
era aud other* aollcltod.
DIMOTOM:
JOHN K. BOTSFOJtl), l'ruuldcut.
Jacob llorubrook, I Cheater D. Knox,
Goo. W. Puuidiolia, A. vV. Campbell,
Jacob8. Rhode#, Morgan L. Ott,
JohnL.Hobbl, T.J. Campbell,
jnnfclaw QBOROB ADAM8, Qaahhr.
VTBB0HANT8' NATIONAL DANK
OF WKHY TIRUIKU, AT wnEUMIi.
Capita! 2)500,000.
Dealt in now, coupons, tonus, commercial
t'njiit bdiI B11U of Exchange.
IWTKHE8T 1'AIU ON UF1CCIAL DIPOU'lY.
i 'iUc'M/nt mi le on all txdnb and procwlt
pivinplly rtmltUti.
!'.uv?i?'io Miinipfl, New Fractional Currency, 1,1,
i nud 5 coat com constantly uu lu.ml.
uimtcTotus:
J. N. Vnuco. John Handiau.
I. H. iJulaplilu. hi. J. Stone.
T Swuouoy. Wni. lialloy.
A. WiUou Kelly. I \V\ H. Uophnrn.
A. Wilson.
J. NKLSON V1NCB, FrasldeM.
JOHN J. JUNKS. Cashier. myhUw
DAN L 0. LIST. JOSBFH 8 IT BOM).
IIKNlir K. LIST ttlBBOH 1.AMU
Personal Liability for nil l>t>j>ORiLi.
Bank of Wheeling,
WFIEEL1N0, W. VA.
Dtnlf In Dills of Kxctannco, Government Bonds,
Stocks, Gold, Commercial Pa(>ur, and all Noffotl;
bit ifltles
INTEREST 1'AID ON SPECIAL DKP08ITB.
Spot lal attention given to collections.
D. C. LIST, President.
OI1WON f.A MB. Cashier.
J OH E 1'H SKYBOLD. Assls't Cash. _fo>j9
RATIONAL SAV1NGB BAJS'tf
or WB1IIUN'.
IriforporaUJ January J 5, 1WJ.
CAPITAL, OIGO.ODO.
Money rocelrt-d vn D?*i>o?!t. It.{cruet paid on
Hperlal Opposite, NoU.i and llitm discounted.
Exchange ooaxht and *old. Collection* inn'Je ot>
llpolnu and prornods promptly remitted.
Discount Day? Alnuilay.
uinBcrois:
Thomaa II. List, I Hubert Prntt,
Robert Glbion, It. A. MnCalio,
J. C. Thomas, I Jomcf Mct'luney,
J. I.. Btlfol.
TIIO?. II. l,r,T. Prwldent.
.1. MoOLUNBY, Vice l'n*l(!enU
B. r. 11I1.DHET1I. CMhlor.
rpHK PBOPLE'H BANK.
OPPICB, NO. 69 MAIN HTRZKT,
vriimLUW, V. VA.
Money received on detweit. Interest pti'd on
Special D('|K)?!t8.
Notes and Nils Discounted. Kxcliantfe bonghi
?nd sold. Collections at homo or from st>rosd
promptly attended t/?.
uiRBctone:
John Hold, Christian Hess.
John llandlan, John Vocklcr,
Hunticl J. Boyd, Richard Carter.
Andrew Wllwm, John 1?. Trnscliol,
Thomas O'Brien.
JOHN ItKID. I'ra'Jdent.
JOSIAII P. Uf'DBORA?r, Ungh'r. my9j
TUB CITY HA.HK, BELL AI HE, 0.
onto on Water ML, Opposite Ontrnl Mock,
I?i"* u general UnnMnu buaincac recelrc*
money on depoilt unci para Intrrcat on rpeclal
(ilacnunta iiotea nml bllla; deal! In Iixrnsnjfx.
Coupons and National, Btatuand local
rarities.
Tho promptest attention jclron to collection! on
r tt Ul"' Thu correspondence
or llsnka, Hankers and others, having kualneia
?t Uiln point follcltcd.
nmtOTom
A W. Amlerion, I Isaac Booth,
A.?. Mellott, A. P. Tall man,
'ohn T. Mercer, 0. C. Kelljr.
A. W, ANDKHSON, Prca't.
A. r. TALI,MAN, Cashier. sepftl
WANT SUPPLIED.
To mpplj want felt fur a real itennlne jrrod
article n; Soap at a reasonable prlco, the tinder Unt
il I* now mannlaetnrlntf auch an tinkle, aa
II testify who hare seen and used
Tho Favorite 8oa p,
Manufactured by W. RKID, Wheeling, W. Va.
I tlil.n thai It cannot bo excelled, lit, In parity
and (jnnllty; 2d, In economy, because it la
nrra nml hartl n? aoon aa made and will not shrink
it win therefore waah half as much
jooren? the reap* now In market at the fame
pfire; 3d. P jr perfection In waahinj. You mu?t
*"u with a pnrc, cltnn soap, or yon cannot have
clean, whlWclothci. f/w (hi b'urorUt Soap and
you wi, hare no more trouble netting your
tintnM whltd and faultier, and guarantee that
1 il not Injure the ?i!n or the mo#t delicate
lanrlc*. it I claim for U an advant ige over all
other* In that It will bear leaving In water for 8
or lOhoura without Injuring It. Other soaps are
mil-red u*ele?a by forgetting them In the tuh
or b??ln after using. Please enquiro ol srottf
Krocer for tim Favorite Boap, at-U you will be
convinced that It In the best.
Arm* Kach bar la stamped ".Vlnern' and
Wank/ Fa tort ft Soap, manufactured by, H.
nij n. 1
ManufuctuKd ami sold at wholesale by
RDWAKD llRil),
Soap and Candle Manufacturer,
,a?W Wheeling. W. V?.
Code of West Va.
FOR hack.
By direction^ of the Secretary
of the State, I offer for
?alo copies of the
Code of West Virginia,
The prlco as fixed by the
Secretary Is Five Dollars per
volume. If by mall, 8B.04.
Address,
JOHN FREW,
Wheeling, W.Va.
As a specimen of rather peculiar inorul
couragc in adversity wo may as well note
the fact that the Kanawha liepublican, a
Democratic paper that opposed the Convention
in August last, and that took the
ground in the late canvass that the only
motion in order when tho Convention
should meet would be a motion to ad
journ, und that likewiso supported the
Joljn Hall, or anti-Convention ticket,
comes tu us with a rooster at the head of
its columns, and also with this editorial
remark:
"All of our readers know that u different
result on llio election of members ol
the Convention would havo pleased us.
But wu 'accept thu situation,' and ho pa
the elcctiou of the men wo opposed will
not result in as many disadvantages as wo
hiui feared."
We cull this pretty easy virtue or else a
very christian liko spirit of resignation,
and wc don't know which. Wo don't object
to plenty of poultry at this season of
the year, lint wo do confena to looking
with some surprise and aversion at that
rooster iu thu lieiniblia^n... jie ia really
a gmuu chicken we should think ho would
leel a little reluctant tocelobrato his own
defeat,
Kiraisoa or Tin X^ietta anp U?.
(HfiKATI lUlLUOAD FOB OOTOB?B.?Tho
following is a statement oi tho approximate
cnrning9 ol tho Marietta Jfc Cincinnati
Railroad Company lor the month of
Ootobdf.'Wl nod'1870: j
1871. lUfi*
I'aMotilHr..., ...litf,-... i-tlMN
freli|hl 11.414 *UM
Mull, cxpriM aud telegraph 1,770
Total |48,Mfl
Total thl< month to date... 175,438 1M.53I
To|?l lor the fiscal rua* s
cojumenrliiK 1st Jaim4tj'- l,S4a,ftt74 1,1.11,470
It is announced that tho Into disaster in
Chicago caused at Itoist half a dozen suicides.
How uncertain is life. Anguish
of mind drives thousands to violent
deaths; nuguish of body comparatively
lew. Hid cliai# who do tho most whkk-.
ling Und whistling ii tho thermometer of
happiness) ttro probably tho poor fellow*
wlio carry a hod tip ten stories at $'i a
dny.
Tlifl lltiglitili System Introduced Into
Our Politics.
Horatio Bkymour lives in Oneida
county, Now York, and yet ho has been
nominated aa a candidate* for tho Lcgisla
Tliis is a new it not an unprecedented dopur',.iro
In uur American politics, but It is
good one and we liko to soo It.
'I'll? Dcinocrntic Track to bo Cleared
if all Presidential Candidates.
Tim Cincinnati Enquirer of yesterday,
lias llio following editorial paragraph:
There will be public declinations witliIn
Llio next six months of soverai gentle
men whoso names have been prominently
mentioned for the Presidency. They liavo
tbo wisdom to seo, and the patriotism to
act upon it, that the man who can give
victory to lis in 1872 is Colonel Tiiomas
A, Scott, ol Pennsylvania."
This cau be construed to mean that uil
such men as Pkndi.eton, Urndkicks,
C it ask, Bkvuour and Hancock, are to
bo retired and a clear course inado for
Scott. _
(irnin Awaiting shipment al Points
Above.
Tho Wellsburg Kmu of yesterday says
that tho storehouses along tho river up
that way aro crowded wilh grain pur*
chased several weeks ago. Itsnys further
that
disappointed on account of the low water.
Nearly ull their surplus money is now
locked tip in the warehoused. Wo tinderitufid
(ho Trimbles, of Short Creek, and
friend Windsor, of our town, who are
heavy dealers in grain, are laboring under
serious disadvantages on thiB account. It
is to ho hoped that bofore winter ectA in
the Ohio river will swell somo twenty
feet, not only to enable these dealors in
grain to be relieved, but also to relieve
til(5 people below, who will shortly be
famishing for coal".
Sensible Advice.
In the correspondence colnmn of floaNt
Time* and Memnot r, we And the following
statement of his caso from a thirty
year old young man:
"I nm now thirty years of age (although
looking live yearn younger.) I am very
intimate with a famiry In this city that
linn a daughter fourtocn yeafa of aj<c. I
think she Is ono of the most sensible chil-
8fen I ever law. I have been acquainted
willi the parents more tbanton years,and
lately I have much visited them, and they
hn-ve always received me kindly. Wow,
I nm anxious to get married soon, and
DCilfg wen #010 to support n wne, <my inconio
amounting $2,000 a year,) my
llintiglits test nn the young lady referred
to. I Jut, ?lns! I am really afrsldtolet
my feelings l? known to lier parents.
Tiiov nftulit imi(Uric nW cm ay to think of
wedding one so young. I wish I had
sonio way of flietn know In an Indirect
nmnner wfiat my hopes arc; then,
If they rxhlMfed the same emmtenartreto
rnr which they do now, I would be a
happy map. Having been a constant
rcrtih'f of your vnlnable pnpeh for fifteen
yn?rs, nnd placing the highest value on
your arlvfee to young men, f am compiled
to trouble you."
In answer to this statement of his case
tlic editor of the Time* and Meutnger
gives the young man, only thirty years
OKI, lilt' loiiowmg ?uviwr:
Our advice to think no nioro of aneh
n fcty youthful brldo. A Htild of that ago
h not fit to become a wife, aivd slioulJ you
marry her sho Would he n haggard and
worn-out woman at? twenty-five. A girl
ii not flt for the duties of wifehood until
she attains her twentieth year, and hardly
Hi en. At twenty three to five she woftld
<lo nint h better, and wear much longer.
You will deeply regret it, and bo will the
little girl, if her parent* consent to your
w ish. We hare no faith in auch t*ry early
marriages.
Mna. Moorr, of Indiana, thraahed lier
husband for goitingdrunk, and the Jxratt*
ville IMgtr ealla bar "the hrlde of lam aMoor."
BY TELEGRAPH.
AS300IATEQ SEBES REPORT.
Exclusively to the IntoUisonccr.
(Br the Western Union Line.
Uttce Noiih-weet cor. of lUln And Honroo sto.)
WASHINGTON.
Washington, Nov. Ji.?Delegate Hooper,
of Utah, here, denies that his business
with the 1'resident, is concerning L'tah
matters.
It is thought that the application of the
Supreme Court for a mandamus to compel
the Secretary of Treasury, to issue a
warrant for 1535,000, alleged to be due
Kentucky, for urmiug troops, &c.t will be
unsuccessful.
T|io remains of one hundred and twenty
Confederate soldiers, from North Carolina,
buried at Gettysburg, had been removed
to llalicgb.
Information has be?u received from
South Carolina that 5300 Ku-Klux have
made a voluntary confession aud surrendered
to the authorities. They were disgusted
with the Klan. On Monday 1)7 ril
them confessed in writing. It is estimated
that 5100 have fl.'d. One hundred of them
conlined in tho jail at Yorkville as prisoners,
s|h>uk well of their treatment. A number
have botn released pn bprole until the
confessionsfreheard, The examinations
before the committee win soon lie com.me
need.
The President by proclamation to-day
revokes'' ttii nrder ?n a former proclatna'tion
suspending tho writ of habeas corpus
in South Carolina.
Onu hundred troops Jiave been orderod
to Fort Leavenworth, an assignment lor
tho fith rnvHlrv.
The Civil Service Commission has received
nu interesting communication frqm
fthe Hriilali Civil Hervicp OumiolHUton.'
The Board supervising tho inspection
of Btcnmlmts have adjourned.
Judgo Klohsrdson writes from J."it Ion,
October 21st, that tho wholo syndicate
business is a complete auccess; the memhers
of tho syndicate aro doing everything
in accordance wjUi the lujreoment,
and the bonds aro belrtg aMiveftti fls fust
as practicable. Hu.^iulia tlw transaction
wlll'bo cl'odcsil by tllfc first 61 December.
Hip-geon Win., M. Wood, lata chief 1)1'
tho Nftvul Bureau of Medicine uud Hurgery,
has been appointed Inspector Genoral
of the Fleet Hospital.
Victor I\ Powell, lute dork4 In thttocond
Auditor's otllcff charged with the
conspiracy ot W. B. blokes and others
to defraud tho Government, lijis been reloaded
on $10,000 bail.
The President issued a proclamation
to-day revoking thu suspension ol the
III mill ll'll LUUIIlJ, MWUHI
Carolina, it having been ascertained that
unlawful combinations do not exist thero
to thu ox ton t described. Tho proclomatloti
suspending said writ, declares tbnti
as it has been ascertained that unlawful
conspiracies do exist in Union county, the
usual notieo 1s /rlveil to such combinations
to disperse within five days.
Tho Commissioner of Penslbns has returned
from his investigation at Philadelphia,
and. repot la tho dclalcalion of
Pension Agent Forbes to bo $132,000. Iio
will be removed.
Geo. W. Grlllln, of Kentucky, has been
appointed United States Consul alCopenhagen.
f The Indian Agent at Fort Gibson, represents
that there are over efght hundred
whito trespassers from' Kansas, on tho
new Osago reservations. The surveyors
recently sent to the Osago country to form
a lino at 1)0 degrees, made a line lour miles
west of the previous olllclal surveyors, by
which the choicest lands In the Valley of
tho Kaw river, will bo taken from tho
Usages. This Is pushing the Indians upon
the mountainous region. Tfie Administration
has directed that for tho present
the Indians shall not be disturbed, and
that thev shall be protected. Tho names
ol Col. Tappau, Col. II. A. (Jlum, Gen. F.
A. Wa?*r, are mcntluned'ln connection
wtlli tlw. fVimmUatnnnral.ltwif Iii.li.it> At.
lain.
Tlio govcmmont is investigating the
charges against Judge J. W. Wright of
this city; formerly of Indiana, in relation
to tho collection of bounties and pensions
due tho Indians soldiers ot Crecko, G'herokoo
and Bemlnole nations, who served
In tha fronti<* during the reliolllon The
alleged frauds aro Baid to amount to nearly"
$100,000; thst somo checks to the p?ymeat
ol liountles was cashed by the
Assistant Treasurer ot Now York upon
endorsement of dead soldiers names und
Wright his agen\.
UTAH.
Salt Lakh, Nov. 3 ?Tho pollco tnado
s descent "u ecvcral-Jrhklog saloons today'
for selling liquor without having paid
tho iiMHlcipal license of three hundred
dollars per month. The places were closed
and tho proprietors summoned to appear
to-morfow before Police Judge Clinton.
Hon. Tom Fitch delivered a lecture tonight
at Provo. Stibecf, "Tho Pacific
coast tho future empire of the West."
There is considerable eicitcir.ent In rclard
to tho discovery of rich gold ditarfi
in Bingham Canon. The assays have
reach as high as $2,000 per ton.
There are extremely important suits at
Provo as to the oworship of the mines,
In Tlntio there in ?Hht-ii1dlgnMion among
the miners and mine owher* In regard to
the high tyriljs on the Union l'acitle Hailroad.
Hundreds of freight cars run Bust
empty every day rather than Carry tlio
ore of Utah at any profit to the shippers.
No more arrests iiavo been made and
thfere is not the slightest apprehension of
trouble. Nothing lias been heard from
Brigham or Apostle Hyde.
KENTUCKY*
IiOrrsviLf.K, Nov. 4?On Tnesday
evening, near New Amsterdam, Harrison
county, Ind., ThoniAs Day, !n company
with John Day and H. H. Barker, all from
0 Alii polls, O., attempted to draw a guti
from tinder the seat of a skiff when the
gun went off, shooting Thomas Day
through the breast. He died soon after.
His remains arc on the way home.
Last nitfhl a mob collected about tho
jail in Jeflcrsonville, Ind., with the intention
of lynching a negro named John
Washington, who had Attempted "a rape
on a little white girl, whose lather died
Irom excitement produced by the outrage.
Tho prisoner was slipped out the
hack way and r.onveycd to tho State
prison, on learning which, tho mob dis*
persmi. This a. m. the prisoner waa taken
to the Jail at Charleston, Ind.
Acquitted.
Jacksonville, Fla., Not. 8.?I)r.
King, of the U. 8. Navy, accused of the
murder ol Chief Engineer Rillogg of the
U. 8. Navy, at Key West last winter was
acquitted yesterday.
NEW VOltK CITY.
Nkw Yobs, Nov. 8 ?Beyond the regulur
visitors, incident to Uh) clfileinent ot
the approaching electiw. .Mr. Rmed was
Idi at eoso yesterday. It IsgffiSrllly understood
that the Keyset claim of $42,000,
which bad been assigned to Jackson
S. BcUultz, vraa to Iiuyc been paid yesterday
and the suit discontinued, but the
.1.1.1 l? >?.l .1,,. euit alill
stands. 11 id expected that Tweed wili
pay tho claim to d?y.
As to lu^craoll, Qamiy anil Woodward,
nothing new has occurred, and the
discussion of their probable hiding place
haa almost lost its interest. It is admitted
on -svery hand that Itey liars escaped
Ironi justice, and nro nut likely to
return of their own accord.
Deputy Comptroller (Irecn is ready to
pay the recorder and city judges their
salaries, and thinks them entitled to tU*
sum Hied by the legislature and approved,
which is $10,000 a year. Tho Supervisors
altcrtvsrds placed their salaries at
$15,000, but as this is unratified by the
legislature, the Deputy Comptroller is
only willing to pay them (10,000.
Mr. tlreen yesterday made further removals
ol the court attendants and employees
of the Comptroller's ufflce. Tho
payment of $2,100 lor tho men employed
on tho aqueduct was completed. The
police was also paid yesterday and $10,000,:
placed tp llle credit til: U19 Detriment
of l'arks.
Three hundred Mormons arrived here
Wednesday, chiefly Iron) England and
Scandinavia Tliuy leav* this evening
lorjjuth.': r-fiff*"
IHu! 1'rmlilsnt.i of- <h?* Ijoug Island
I Siiir,ir 10 Onlri-r Omnnanv savs: Tho re- 1
pprtcd embezzlement by tho Secretary is c
Incorrect. Ho is satisfied no embezzle- c
I fiient was committed and tho affairs of
tl>e Company arc in a pood condition.
i Tho tost of tho Brazilian emancipation u
I law was published this morning. The
Tribune mu>m or rit, tint only has no I
upprecablo improveraont been mado 1
in tho complete schemo originally a
presented tt>, tho Chamber, but ono
important provlsslon is that which o
liberated tho slaves of religious or- ii
fieri* has been stricken out. Tho act is 11
ileluslffi or compromise with wrobg, and J
poBtpoues to tho next generation what lj
ought to be granted immediately. <1
Tho address of thu Commlttw .of Bov- i'
cuty, udopted at tho reform meeting last ii
night, says there is not in tho history of h
villainy a parallel lor tho gigantic crime fi
against property conspired by tho Tam- o
many riug. It waa engineered on com-
pU;.to subversion to free government In the Ii
"very ho^rt oi Republicanism of afl +mwi- t
can city having over a million population. n
It was disfranchised by an open voto of d
the Legislature born and nurtured in P
Democracy and Itepubllcanism, and was li
handed over to n self-appointed oli- t!
garchy to bo robueu uiki piunuorou
by tlicin ami their confederates, heirs s
and assigns fur six years certainly and d
prospectively forever. Tiio new city tl
chijrter.gave to tlio gang of thieves power e
to govern thlAjnetropolia. It substan- tl
tially deprived tho citizens of self-control; ti
nuliilled their right of suffrage; liuiiilied s<
the principle of representation which was il
authorized hy a handful of cunning and I
resolute robbers, to levy taxes and create a
a public debt aud incur municipal liabilities
without limit and without check,-and
which placed at their disposal the rev- r<
enues of tho great municipality atul the a
property of its citizens. n
Cyrus Olemstead, tho independent candidate
for tho Assembly in tho Fifty- If
sccond Dkytlct, was yesterday arraigned l?
afrtho Toombs ou tho charge of forging
his grandfather's name, and was remand- f?
ed for examination. o
Tho sum ol $110*000 has been deposited b
to tho credit of the Department ol'Pubtic ci
l'arks, by the Deputy Comptroller, to pay c<
the laborers,.
About 800 Mormons arrived on Wed-
ncsday by the steamer Nevada, we learn
this evening, under charge of one of the 0
Twenty-ono of tho prisoners held for I
debt at llie Ludlow Htruet J *i 1, wjiro (lis* u
charged by order of Judge Iwnnfrd to* ci
day. The crises of the remnining nine w
will bo heard hereafter. u
The sum of $10,115 lifts been raised at si
Bavannab, Cuba, for the Chicago sufferers ci
and forwarded to this city. t<
The injunction order was modified by
Judge Barnard this morning, lie issued h
a warrant so as to prevent tho issue ol t|
fifteen million* of bonds negotiated by G
August Belmont, without tho endorse- ci
mont of Deputy Comptroller Oreen. He n
also granted a mandamus compelling the a
bureau ol eeletions to provide for tho doc-, k
tlon of assistant Aldermen.
Tho losses by tho Mercantilo Insurance F
Company are not so great as at first sup- p
posed. Tho capital stock is not Impaired oi
more flian thirty per cent. This is more
than made up by the stockholders, and d
the injunction heretofore granted isdls- p
solved. Tho company is now issuing ti
policies as usuftl. tl
Tho Shelter Oil Works wcro burned on ti
Tuesday. Loss $20,000. v
Tho managers of the American Bible oi
Society donate five thousand dollars to is
lue uuicago ihuio oocieiy.
Judge frigraham lms granted a writ of
error in the case of Ilosensweig, Iho abortionist,
rcturntiblo at the next general
term nf the Supreme Conrt, which takes a<
place in January. 01
The Police Commlisionera allow cacli ei
Hetorin candidate to send a man to the S
clectim, and to protect him while ha is tl
presonwtt the polls, t
Judge OardoM to day vacated the in- it
junction granted by hira yesterday against a
the Mercantile Fire Insurance Company, II
and discharged the receiver, It proving b
the company's cash assets nbove n capital
of $200,000 lire $83,835, and that, at the
worst, alter paying all the claims, 7ii pur
cent ol the capital will be intact after reissuing.

The Hoard of Kirn Underwriter! to day II
protested against Cardoza'a action of yes- I)
terday as all outrage, and declared the I
company porlcctly safe and took action p
looking to Iho modilication of the laws to a
render such proceedings inipdssible litre- ii
niter. II
TlioHiiperlnteAdent nf the Insurance si
Department has, at the requeat ot the n
Continental Insurance Company, investigated
its atlalrs. nmt flmtn its ennitnl on
Impairod nnd tlut II holds a4ttge surplus
abovd nil the claims for loUfs by Chicago,
and otherwise Including an ample rem-
surance hind. Tho Superintendent also JCertifies
that tho voluntary audit ol hall a j1
million ol capital of tho company is tnoro J'
than double of that Subscribed. Ho Is
now examining other Insurance companies.
Tho Snpcrlntemlant of tho police has
ordered the whole police force on dutv
election day to maintain order. Under
regulations each candidate is allowed to
hare a friend present to soe fair play in
thecouitt.
The Committee ol Pcyenty hare arranged
to havo Judge Lamed ol the Bu- 11
promo Court sit the whole day independ-
ont of the uiual oocupanta. The bench
into protect honest voter* in'their rights.
May or Bull's chief clerk in a letter to
the I'rttM promises on the part of the
Mayor prompt investigations of all complaints
made by citizens against the Inspectors
or other poll officers.
Judge Barnard Issued an order compelling
tli'6 paying of taxes at the polls
lor the reception or votes for the Assistant
Alderman. The order also granted for
the Mayor to show causa Monday, why
not the removal of the present Inspectors
of election and appoint others lucnnloruiity
with tho law. About 2,0l)o
young iu?u have been eurolk.il us wulehurs
of Uio polls on the part til the Comrnittee
of Seveuly and Council of Municipal
Reform.
j-uoge uarnaru, to nay stated in uourt,
Lbul lto was determined to stop iinpriaonment
fur debt, or us witnesses, anil that
lio bad no doubt the murderers ol Nathan
ind Holers would have been discovered,
nit tbr tear, on the part of somo one who
nut seen them, of indefinite imprisonment.
Deputy Comptroller (Jreon, paid 110,100
to the Department of Parks, for the
layment of the laborers.
It is decided that it Alexis arrives hy
rutsday, a parade will bo held WedOtslay,
and If before Tuesday, goes incognito
0 Washington,antil the election is over.
Seventeen indfetmcuts were lound
igainst forgers, and miner warrants issued
or several repeaters operating on the reirstry
lists.
To day the North. Hudson railroad
ouipany, obtained an injunctinn against
lio Uoboken Common Oouucil, forbid-
ling further intorferenco with tho track,
ind ordering tbote torn up rclaitl.
In a speech last night, Mr. Tildcn said
ic had been approached by tho Tammany
'flitials with bribes of olUce, anil other
Onsiderations, to recede irom the parly.
Judge llarnard has. decided Hint the
,'ounty Medical Society had no right to i
jpcjllBrr Kuppaa?r upon tho gharjes
undo by Dr. ijagre in connection with a
urgical operation, am! granted nn Injunc-
ion restraining farther proceedings
gainst him. i
tix-Sherlfl O'Brion, thu reform candllatc
lor Senator in thu Seventh District, i
ii a speech, last night, said: "There are I
r.iy uiouanna men in aav i orK wuo win
ot stand illegal interference with the hireinjjs,
will who, should the police on Tucbuy
tiuxt attempt to prevent honest men
rum Votfbg or shield the rogues in repeattig,
will hang the villains to tbo nearest
imp pOsta." This announcement was
reeled with uproariouacheen* andahouta
f "We will that!"
The meeting at the Cooper Iustituto
ml night was tho moat wnthuaiaatio and
ospectable assemblage that has been witeased
In this city (or many years. I Innreds
ot cmineut citizens occupied the
latlorm. Every profession and rank in
fo was represented; clergmen and pollicians
sat side bjr fide. Thousands were
ompolled to go away lor the wantol
landing room in tho hall. During the
olivery of the speeches the attacks upon
lie ring evoked the most tumultuonfe
hearing. The platform was hung with
lie ensigns of the nation, and in tho cenre,
over tho speaker's chair, was Ihe incription
"What wo aro going todoafiout
When the first speaker, Mr. Josoffli
I. Choate, waa inlroduced ho commenced
a lollpwp;
FkllowCitizkns?Before proceedig
with my own discourse, I have been
fqueatcd to road tho following. It is
noriymous, and very important, aa you
rill seo
"Will yoj bo so kind ns to read the fol)wuig
notico at the great meeting to be
old at Cooper Institute to-night:
"Tho citizens of New York are respect)lly
invited tontlcnd tho political funeral
f Wm. Tweed, 7'udesday, 7th of Jfovom*
or, jlaughttT and applause, at tlio flew
aunty court hoilSo; tho cxerclseH will be
unductcd by Archbishop O'Connor. [lmien.se
npnlauso and laughter.] With
JWtily able Assistants, tho servicer will
nmmence oy singing that grand oiu iiyhin v
I'Dr. WatlH: r
Relieving, we rejoice to *eo the curio removed."
[jheers and lauglitor l At the conclusion
singing tho hymns' nil eloquent (lis- I
mirso will bo pronounced by Kcv. Kdrard
Pierrcpont, |cheers) from flint most d
ppropriato text, "Jjord, by this ttmo he n
linketh" [Cheers und laughter. J This r
un^regation is respectfully invited to atMr.
Choatoput his audience in tho best
umor during his speech. Referring to
10 contest between Messrs. Bradley and
'Ilrien, he said ho thought Pullman, the
undidato of the Greeley Itepullcans, had ,v
o more chance of going to tho Btate Son*
to than luul Wul M. 1 weed to entor the L
ingdom of heaven. J
The steamer Wabnsh will proceed to t
ortress Monroe from this city, at which r
laco Geuural Sherman and Btaff will go
a boad.
The, number of voters registered to-
ay was 37,2.10; tho number registered on
reviouadays was 91,810. The reglstraon
closes to morrow evening by laws of n
io Btato, which prescribe tho rtgistraon
Cl. tho City of New York only. The
filers not registered wUl be accepted up- J
il Bliuwing guoa causu ui lunuru iu rrg-
tor. _
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. !).?Mayor Davis Ins
modified and regulated slock ;doaling
11 tho Sabbath as to allow, lor the presnt,
stock driven through the street btl
nbhath after one o'clock r. M., but lorblds I
'inline or weighing. I
B, F. Randolph, charged with murder- t
ig his wife, attempted suicido In tho Del- I
ware county, Ohio, jail last night, and
ien confessed that ho murdered Ids frlfo
y strangnlation. I
GEORGIA. 1
Atlanta, Nov. .1?Tho Georgia I.eais- i
dure to-day recognized Ilenj Conley, i
republican, as the acting Governor. A
ill Tor the special election or uovernor in i
tecetnber was passed. A resolution wa*
assed branding as false Gov. Bullock's
Negations that the Assembly meant to
npeach him without investigation and
lat the people did not respect tho Con- 1
Ittution or recognize tho results of tho
rar. t
nosTon.
Koston, Not. B.?Charles H. Wnrd, late i
I tho bnnklng firm of Miller, Ward i
!o, sentenced tothreo years imprisonment
i .(one, 1870, for enlbejiriing government
mds, wm today pardoned by President I
Irani. i
Hcrer and Weather.
Prrrpmmott, Nov. 3 ?Clear and tnild.
tiver falling, Willi 28 Inches in tho chan-
el.
Cincinnati, Nor. 8.?River four feet
nd rising. Clear.
?nath ft Gates' tannery, corner Newrk
and Ennis streets, Newark, Ohio, was
early destroyed by Are Friday night.
<o?? |71,000. tnsnred tor $8/1,000.
CHICAGO.
CmcAoo, November 3.?There U some
complaint against the action of the underwriters
in increasing the rates ol insurmice
on grain in store. Ikforo Ihe tire
the rate for insurance on grain averaged
two per cent per annum, the rates
lor shorter terms being proportionately
advanced, fcince the lire the rale has
been advanced to live per cent per annum,
and the rates lor suiter terms are proportionately
higher. The advanced rates
are as follows: One year, 5 per cent; nine
months, per cent; six months, 7 per
PJ?nt? four mnnthu 71 n,.r ..nnl. ll.m
months, 8 per ccnt; two months, 9 per
cent; one month, 13 per ccnt; fifteen days,
1(1 per cont; ten days, 18 per cent; Ave
days, 25 per cent; two days, 31 per cent.
The Tribune says these rates are simply
ruinous. The risks on this kind of
property, bavo been the best paying of
any kind of insurance done in this city.
The danger of lews in elevators, lias been
greatly lessened by the lire, and certainly
risks are as safe now as ever. It is more- I
over unjust discriminant} against this I
city. The grain warehouses here nro as
sale against liro as at any other point. If
llicy continue theso ruinous, rates, they
will destroy the business, and loso protits
which tlicy might mitko at legitimate
rates.
The tomperance men of Chicago, held a
meeting yesterday, and put in nomination
the following ticket for city aiftl county
nlliccrs: Mayor, Dr. Natunn; S. Davis,
City Treasurer; Amas 0. Throop, City
Attorney, Daniel 8. Sherry, City Coiieo.
tor: Samuel Hoard. Police Commissioner: f
B. ft/Bcliale; Judge Superior Court, Jas. S
U. Iirudwell; Judge- Circuit Court, Sam'l 8
M. Moore; County Trcaiurer, Thomas E
Moulding; Statu Senator, Chos. T. Hull,
County Commissioners, Isaac N, Arnold.
Grant Goodrich, E. w. Ulatohfurd, Sam'l
IS. (Joodkins, K. C. llutnil, Levi i). Iioonel
Stm'l J. lluBsel). L. JJ. Sherman, John v
burkin, ^Iviu Suj^?buty,J6. S. Go&s, Ly* 11
man Bridges, Charles flltcbcock, 1). C. 11
Kelly, and A. 0. "Warner. There were
iIbo nominated candidates for uldermcn
In fach of the twenty wards, many of tho e
jurnl (dates being the same as on the Union c
ar "Firo Proof ticket.
It is aunounccO on reliable authority 1
I hut tho remaining 80 per cent of tho Hepublic
Insurance Company will bo called c
in at once, and that the company will pay
Lhuir losses in lull in installments and go 8
in with their .business. u
Tho number of distitute viotims of the 8
llrearo now receiving aid Iroin the Iio- f
liet bociety, and has considerably do:reased,
owing to the fact that many aro i
jecuring employment at good wages, c
A number of families aro now daily re- 1
jeiving more or less aid from tho Society,
rhero is about fourteen thousand or sixty J
ihreo thousand persons, including men,
women and children. 8
Hugh Kidder, (ieneral Superintendent
)f tho Chicago, Rhode Island ifc Pacific t
)f tliQ Company, in placo of Ebenezer r
Jook, deceased. l\ A. Hall takes Ills P
)lftCU. I!
Montreal has sent over ono hundred a
ind t\Vo thousand dollars in gold to the
clief ot Chicago, besides large (juantitics f1
>1 provisions, clothing, etc.
8
SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco, Nov. U.?Judgo I)uijell,
of the Fifteenth District Court, renlered
a proforma decision affirming the
ralidity of special assessments on Btocklolders
of insurance companies, levied to j1
nake good the capital impaired by the ,l
Chicago losses.
Tho failure of tho banks ot Sim's t& Co., I1
>f Frisco, and Hastings Co., of Bacra-
nento, caused a run on tho Odd Fellows'
tovlng Hank, of Sacramento, which quick- L
y subsided, and all demands were j1
iroinptly met The Frisco Savings Hank, L(
vill continue loaning on real citato at 1)
)crcont. 5 L
La^renco Tafl, a hostler, was killed at
f irgiuia City, yesterday, by the kick of a BJ
lorse. a
Christian Johnson, a Dane, was shot
lead by BenJ. Reed, a worthless bummer,
it Nevada City, yesterday. Heed was ar-
estcd.
o
ST. LOlUft. 1
St. Louis, November 8.?Tho Evans- <1
illo oxcuraion party werodriven through
ho city and suburbs this morning, after
vhich a largo number of them went on
cllango, where Wiey wero welcomed In a tl
irlcf speech by Gerard Ballon, President a
if tho Merchants Exchsge. I)r. II. W.
'loud, of Evansvillo, made an eleoquent d
espouse, thanking tho members of tho I'
vxchango and tho citizens generally for t
ho hospitable and generous mnnncr in
vktcli thoy bad bsen troated. Tho Evans-
illc band played several airs in tho hall. s<
Tho loss by tho lire last night was
bout$15,000. Inusured in tho Citizens,
It. Louis, for $3,000; yEtna, $l,r?00,.Idleron
Mutual, St. Louis, $2,000, North St. i.
jouis, $2,000, Ilome Mutual, St. Louis, t>
12,500, IIopo, St. Louis, $3,000.
Weather floport.
WAa I)*PAnTM*ST, I
Owe* orrit* Cmrr Hkinai. Orncan, y
Washington, d. O., Not. 3-7:80 r. m. j rt
rnonAniMTtBa. V
Tho probabilities arc that the highest h
treasure will continuo on Saturday iu
^'ow Englnnd, with northerly winds and
feasant weather. The cloudiness ih tho
Joiith Atlantic States will extend to
*uw IUIK DIUUIUUJT, Willi ll^lll VHSILTIV (1
finds. An area of the low barometer
vill extend over Lakes Michigan and L
Iuron, with easterly winds, varying to p
lie .South from Lake Krio to Illinois find n
Hackina; northerfr winds will continue
n Wisconsin; pariiallycloudy nnddear- y
ng weather will prevail on the Gull Coast,
vest of Florida. Dangerous winds are
lot anticipated for a fortnight on our
i
CLEVELAND.
Cr.RVRfjArcn, November 8.?'The Grand f
Division of the Brotherhood of milroad
Jonductors held its annual meeting in
his city this week. A number of dele- n
fates were present from the west and tl
louth. A Mutual Life Insurance Assocla* v
ion for the benefit of the Brotherhood v
was organized. The following officers j|
wre elected for the enstrlhg year ;.Grand r
3hief Conductor,.!. N. Ilodges, W. Vs.;
\ssisfsnt C. C.., George H. Gill, Md.; c
irand Reeording Secretary and Treas- 0
irer, Jas. Packard, Ills. r
Cotton mntrmcnt*. s
Nkw Yimu, Nov. 4.?Tho receipts of tl
cotton fit nil pf^ls since September 1st, r'
were 4(11,354 bales; 81,11." short ot Inst o
rcsr. Exports, 176,678 bales, or 34,815
iliort.

Yellow Fetrr.
Cbabi.krtos, Nov. 8?There have occurred
four dktlis from yellow lever 1
during the lost twenly-lour hours. o
FOREIGN
ENGLAND.
London, Nov.} 3.?There is surprise
that the Hunk of England made 110 charge
in its rate of interest at the meeting of the
governors, yesterday; the circumstance is
ascribed to the fact that a loan is about to
bo placed on the market to meet the
American engagements arising iu some
financial failures in American houses ot a
knownothiug matter.
The subscriptions to tliO Chicago reliet
fund at Messrs. (J. S. .Morgan Co's, iu
this city, amounts to $'20,42:3. The Lord
Mayor has remitted from the fund subscribed
at the Mansion House $80,550.
The steamships Peruvian and Iowa
have arrived out.
The distinguished naiuter, Sir Edwin
Laudaer, is seriously ill.
FHAM'E.
Viiwaim.es, Not. 3.?It Is expected
hal Jules Ferry, will 1? appointed Ambassador
lo Berlin, and 1-1 Oku ilarcout rciflniu
his pott an Ambassador to Homo.
Paius, Nov. 3.?Advices from Toulouse,
itate thut the disarmament of the National
Juard, has been satisfactorily begun.
Intelligence has boon received of the
sntiro suppression of the insurrection lu
Vlttcria. The natives are generally roluming
labors.
HOLLAND.
Tiie Hague, Nov. 8?The convention
i>r the sale of the Dutch settlement ol
:u mult on the coast of (Juinoa, has boon
igncd by the Dutch and English governments.
TENNESSEE.
Memphis, Nov. 8.?Frank Jones, while
miking along tho Horn i.aki) road, two
uiles south of this city, was shot by somo
laknown person and hilaily wounded.
U is reported that Vim RoburU, who
ras acquitted a fuw months since for the
iiunler ol Ada Jones, In a saloon in this
Ity last winter, died a lew dsysslnco in
Arkansas, llelore his death he confessed
hat ho murdered her from jealousy.
A Minrhil In 1111, iltillu /V-.. r...... Ma.
on, itisslssippl,says that Werner, who
;illod Bhlpley.of Louisville, a lew months
inco at Corinth, by upsetting u lamp s
ipou him to covcr up tho robbery, was i
hot on Wednesday night by an unknown j
tarty and killed.
Tho case of Gayoxea, of Gas county, for
1300,000 damages, wns decided in favor
f tho plaintiir in tho First Circuit Court
o-day. I
Nabiiville, Nov. 8.?B. B. Fuller, a
oweller and worthy German, went out
'esterday hunting, not returning at night,
earch was inado Cor him to-day. Ilia
iody was found aomo four miles from
own. Evidently ho was killed from the
ccidcntnl dischargo of his gun. His
ight/iaud was badly torn and tho upper
art of his head wua shot oil. His death
i much regretted. Ho wns very popular
nd greatly esteemed.
James Smith, a brakeman, foil from a i
rain of cars at Guthrie, Ky., this morn-
ig and was run over and horribly man- i
led. He died almost instantly. He lived
t Hopkinsville whero his remains were
ikon.
ARKANSAS.
Little Hock, Auk., Nov. SI.?At a
looting of the Grand Lodge of Odd Fel>ws
to night, tho following olllcors wero
lected for tho ensuing year: l'etor Brug
inn, uranu iiniRicr; u. a. uransnaw,
)cputy; H. Johnson, 0. W.; J. M. Hawks,
Irand Keprcsentative; Tlios. H. Wolsh,
8.; Geo. H. Morrison, O. T. M. In
ddition to tho Grand Oodles oi Odd Fel
)WH and Masons, and tho Methodist Con
irence, tho annual Convention of tho
Jbristian Church is now beta# held hero.
O'Baldwin, tho Irish pugilist, gives a
parring exhibition ut City flail on Monay
night.
Advices Just received from Duvall's
Hull announces the acquittal of tho throe
Vhito county Ku-Itlux who wero indictd
about a year ago, and whoso trial has
ccn proceeding lor tho past week at the
'ruirio County Circuit Court. C
Tho reported linking of tho Cadisto is
iibeliovod. n
A slow rain is now lalling, and tho river c,
i rising rapidly.
In the Btuto Convention of tho Chris- J
an Church today, a resolution was e
dopted districting tho Btate.
Dr. H. A. Young, of Nashville, ad- j!
ressed tho Methodist Conference to-day,
1 the interest of tho Central Methodist
[Diversity.
Tho excitement over tho city election, 1
rhlch occura Tuesday, is very groat, and q
rious trouble is apprehended. t
Suicided bjr Drowning.
Lrwistown, Mr., Nov. 3 ?Two girls J
roped to-dav into tho deepest channel of t
le lalls. with their arms Interlocked.
hey led their clothing on a rock.
SKCOND DISPATCH.
Lkwibtok, Nov. 3.?The names of the 1
oung ladies who jumped into tho river
re Ada IJrown, of Buckfield, nnd Anna
Vood, of Itaffford. The bodies have not j,
ecu recovered.
MINOR TELEGRAMS, i
?Ignatius Bracelin was arrested yestcr* J
ny at Philadelphia, on suspicion that he t
ras Frank Kelly, tho murderer of C'atto.
io has been liberated, the investigation J
roving, as in the first instance, a case of f
lis taken identity.
?Stephen Watermen a memt*r of the
(aine Legislature shot himself in the c
cad, Friday morning. I
?Marshall Bros' organ factoryMil- t
rankee, was burned Friday at noon. Loss J
15,000.
That Parkersbarg Preacher. f
romtho WHIabtirg Herald.
ttev. J. Held is in difficulty i? Parkers
Mlg UN W 1,11111#" VI |Mit^Ull l/ill'K
ions. If the sermons copied were belter ban
Mr. Held could make himself, and
Fere well delivered, it la hard to sec
rhero the congregation was the loser, and
r the Hevercnd gentleman only gave the
ironer credit, like a well behaved editor
i always expected to do, under such ciruinitancrs,
wliere's tho harm? In our pinion
if the churches had more good
eadera and fewer clap trap declaimers in heir
pulpits, they would be better off. A
ood printed selection ia better any time
ban a decoction f?f second hand ideas half
igestcd and labelled original, on are most
f ??ur written sermons by the beat maVerif.
Anottt seven hundred cases are on the
locket lor the November term of Court
n Belmont county, Ohio. It is probable
hat only a lew of them will bo disposed j
f at the next term.
Tho Ilells!
I It l'ou had hail a vision of the Chicago
j tire, he could not have wriltco anything
more suggestive than thu following
u,. U:?zen hi II*!
Uttl*??)? "f n<)? their turbloncy toll* I
In the lUrtlril car of night
llow they Kretm uut their airrlifht l
Ton mnrh Uorilllrd to *p?-tk.
i'hey uiu only nhritk, shriek,
Out or tano.
In a clauiorou* apptt?llcj; U> thu memory of the
lu a mud expostulation with thu deep ind frantic
tire.
Leaping higher. higher, hlghtr,
With a dcd,A'rato dcalro
And u rueolutee udeavnr.
Now?now to ?it or never,
Uy the side of the pale-faced moon.
Oh tho bflTiT boil#, belli.
What a talo th?ir terror tails
Of dcfpalr
llow they clang, aud clash, and roar.
What a horror they outpour
On thu boiorn of tho palpitating air I
Tim Charleston, South. Carolina, Mtm
saa: "In thu last Iwodays thirteen hostile
pistol shots have been lired in thin city,
and 'nobody hurt.'"
MarllAol
glMILIA 81M1LIB08 OUUANTOB
HUMPHREYS'
homeopathic SPECIFICS
Uttvo provoo from tbu luoat ample oxperldnco
an-entire bucccm; Simple?Prompts Bfllclent
tod Kellablu. They aro the Bust Family Modiclnea
In use?so aliuplo that mistaken cannot be
tnudoiiiuslny thorn; so barm leas aa to be free
from danger, and ao ofllclontas to ho always roUatilo.
They have received the highest coiumendatlou
from tbu thousands who navo Ion# uaed
and known them, aud will alwaya render aatlaaction
to thoao who try tUuin.
No. Cares Main Boxes. Cents.
8 vrjAug-CoUo or TuntlnuK of Infants.....JA
Diarrhoea uf Children or Adulta .35
livaenifiry. flrlplng. Illllloon Oullc. 14
5 i;"oloru-.ilorbire, Vomit lug...,- A
T <OUrh?, Cold*, Iti urhltia. .........ft
NcuruJ jrln, Toothacho, Kaotache 30
V 1 Hrud? "l.r*, Hick Headache, Vsrtlgo..'..3S
10 Dyapepalu, bilious fitomacn*.....MM.M?..MXft
11 Weppreeard <?r Irregular l'ert6.is............3ft
Vi Wufmt, H'o I'roluM I'orlods
IA Croup. Cough. Difficult Breathing.....*.. 3&
14 foaMtlanatNiU Ulieuui, Uynlpoiaa,.. .36
IA Hhouiuullaiu, tlheuuia'.lc Taiua
i;
Ik Opthnlmy, mid doioor Wo*k Hrea.......JX)
>v C'liturrli.u. ino i.r chronic, Influent*......60
Whooping-cough. I?>l?,nt coughs M
<1 Anlhiiiu, uppreaaud Itiiutliing ?....50
13 Eur Discharges, Impaired bearing. .60
a Hcroluln, i:nfi?rged (iluutlsi 8wellliiga-..60
W ijencrnl Debility, IMiyatcaal Weaku*aa....W
21 I)repay and K,?i,|y Secretions -..60
BicknnMi Ulckiiftaa from Hiding....60
17 IvIdncv Dliungp, (jravel SO
16 Norvou* Debility, Involuntary Sen. I*
lual Dlsebargw ?...l W
W Horn Alouill, Canker AO
S V,ri.0'l?7 ,\v?'iihneaa. Wettlugltod flo
11 1'uliilul 1 i'l'loda, llystori*. AO
13 MuUitrliigouiCiianxooi l,iu< 1 no
-I Roll* pay, Spasiiii, Ht. Vitus Danco 1 00
w I* Diphtheria, I laoratwl Bore Throat 60
Fries In vlnli, Inrgualze 50c aud I o
Family Cases In Morocoo, with
BS lurgo 3 dram vlala. containing tho abovo
Hot, with book of directions complete, ?10 00
20 fl 00
!}0 lu paper casu, with book 6 00
VETERINARY UPECIFICS.
Cane of 10 1-oss vial*, In (laid, 100 doses cacti.
with manual of directions, Riving full
account of all diseases of Horses,Cattle,
Nhcep, Dogs and Hoks, with full directions
lor uao, in neat walnut ease, compic
to $10 00
Pond's Extract,
Cures Piles, Neuralgia, Toothache, Bioedlag
>f tho Lungs, Stomach, nose or othor Orgaas,
Barns, BruUes, Lamonois, Sprains. Ukeamatlsm,
Sore Throat, Bore Kyes, Bolls, rorns,
Ulcers, Old Bores. I he Dost Family Medicine
known.
Price, e-os. 60c., Finis |1 00, Quarts |1 76.
tflrTheso Remedies, except POND'S KXrftAOT,
by tho caso or single box, iro sont to
my part of tho country, by mall or express, free
?f charge, on receipt of tho price.
Address 11 UMl'lf KBY8* HPKOIPIO
lIOMBOPATlilC MKDIl'INK COMPANY
)fflco and depot, No. 502 Huoadway, New York.
For Male by all Druggists.
A full assortment of thealKivoforealuln Wheal*
ng by i.DMLNI) BOC'KINU.
BOOKING A CAltKoLL,
LOUAN. L1HT A CO.
TI10S. J. KINNKY.
A full aeaortmtit of the above lor sale In Boll
dro by J. A M. H. MKKCHK.
nom-?odAw
j^abt NOT jTcTiT
icesire lonr Christian and New Tear Gifts.
1 .ooo.ono sft
By tlio authority of the net of tho Legislature
f Kciittickr. of March 1.1, 187I, tho Tiueieeaof
lie l'uhllc Library of Keutuclty, will give a
OUAND OI JOT CDNCJUKT,
AT LOVIBVILLB, K*,
Saturday, Decombor 10, 1871.
100.000 TlOKKTf) or ADMISSION. 010 IA0H
JtmnKNrT; HAL* Tiokrtb, |5; (itanTHBTioxITB.
$2 AO.
Tlkets wlllba Bent tiy registered lotter; tha
noney for thorn may Iw sent by J', o. money
ird?r. greenbacks, or draft.
K.ch tickut conslata of four quarters, valno
3 80 each, Tho holder la ontltlcfi ti a-luilaalon
v the Concert nod to the raluo of tho gift award*
d to it or it* fraction
$AM>,000 IN liHHKNHACKH will be dlatrlluted
to holder* of tlcketa. In gifts of iroiu
1100,000. tho highest, to flOO, the lowoit, belaR
it gilts In all
The Concert la for tho benefit of the
POBLKJ MDKAHY OP KRNTTOKT.
Uanro/Kt. la Triaiurbr, and
he Corporators aud Supervisors are the Hon.
Chomaa K Hrnmlettn, late Governor of Kouuckv,
and twouty-sovon of tho moat dlatln*
^lafmd and respectable cltltonaof tho Mate
Tho undersigned, late principal business manner
of tue very Miccei-Hlul (Jilt Concert for tba
leiiefit of .ho Alt rcrttitill) Library at Han Fran*
ueco. haa been appointed Agvnt and Manager of
his (Jraud Gift Concert
Tho drawing and distribution will taie place in
tub Ic, and ev? ry thing will hdrionotosttuly the
lurera of tlcketa that their interests will oa ai
veil protected as 11 they were personal y preaent
o aiij.erlntend tho entlro atrair.
For tickets nnd information apply to
V. it. rBNfltH. lfO Vain Mt., i.oulavire.Ky.,
Nj. 8 Alitor House, New York
II. ^N. Ilcmpated, No. 410 Broadway, Mil watt.
m'. A French, Virginia City. Nevada.
31. A. Won, No. aft Chestnut street. Bt. Louis.
TlCkotialso for sale In every prominent place
Owing to the general derangement of mills
,nd advertisement a conpcquettton thodlsastrous
onflagratlons lo tho wci tho aalo of llcketa In
hti enterprise la extended t? Not. 30. 1371, at.
vlilch time tho main olHce. 120 Main stfeet, Lou
itid biialneM. No Order! except by mall will b?
ec Ived aflfr Dec. 1st, and no order* by mail
rill be recelvod af er Dor. 10th. 1 h? New York
fllce will cloan Dec. 10th: other auenclea Dec.
ith. Every ticket unsold Dec. 10th will be can:elled
by Ifa number The dm* Inf will take
>!ace In pnbllc, Dec. Iflth, 1?7I, commencing at 7
i. and continue nntll the 7il nlfta are awardid.
Payment of award* *111 commence Dec. 10
it 9 o'clock a. m. Circular! ol award* will be
onnd at every ajjfnry n? noon aa they can be
nened corrertly,and will nlaobe aontto fell tickit
buyera aa *o.?n aa poaaiblc. Noorder will be
tiled at main office for leaa than #10
CIlAH. R l'ETERfl,
novleod Manager.
ir IVERPOOL OftOUND SALT.
L-i M Bag! Kino Table, looao.
11 araall bagi.
For aale by
ocH LIST, DAVENPORT A PARKfl.
r>ARRRTT'B SNUFF.
LT 1 Barrel* aaaorted Bladder!.
W) Boiei do. Paeka.
Jn?t received by
oc15 I.I ST, DAVENPORT A PARKS.
DEFINED BUOAR8.
JLV 15 Barrela hard and aoft. -Jnat reeelved by
nnoice syrups.
Kj tS Barrel* mmir iroodt. For terf
OWbf MAT, DAVKNI'OKT A PARK*.
i aunduy boar
J J 21 Boxea t'raropton.
13 Uteri in*.
100 Chemical Olive
100 Chemical Unndry. Par flit by
orlll M3T, DAVBNRJHT i PARK3.
Seamless drain bags.
1000 Philadelphia. For *ale by
Ottt LIST. DATBNPORT k PABKi.