New Books.
James R. Osgood Co. have just publish
ed in a very neat form ‘‘Nobody’s Fortune,”
by that popular English novelist, Edmund
Yates. o
It is some months since anything has.been
published from Yates' pen: except -now and
then an article in a magazine, and wé there
fore hail this book with the more pleasure.
It is a novel of great interest, which never
wavers till the end is reached, which is not till
one hundred and fifty-four pages of fine type
have been read. The characters are exceed
ingly well drawn, each one standing out in
bold relief like well-painted pictures from
the canvass. Though some of the scenes
are in what is commonly called ‘‘low life,”
there is a piquancy and humor about them
that keep them from being revolting to our
feelings. The female characters delineated
in the book are of the highest type of wo
manhood, though in opposite walks of life.
Our copy is very neatly bound, and may
be bought (we do not mean ‘‘our copy,” but
one like it) for one dollar and a quarter,
though we think there is a paper cover edi
tion which is even cheaper.
From Roberts Brothers we have received
the following books, all of them very neatly
printed and bound. The first is Charles
Swain’s Poems,which are dedicated to Henry
T. Tuckerman, ‘in token of sincere esteem,
and of affectionate remembrance.” Charles
Swain is an Englishman; one, too, who,
from his early childhood, has been engaged
in the active pursuits of business life, and
has only cultivated the muses during the
leisure moments of that life. Amid the din
and roar of the Manchester across the waters
he has passed his life, finding at evening
rest and solace from the cares of the day in
his books and with his pen. His poems are
full of freshness, and sweetness, and simplic
ity that make them very attractive. They
are mostly short pieces, many of them being
light and playful songs which have been
married to immortal music. f
The Child and the Angels” is a perfect
little gem, and so is *“The Angel’s Call.”
The longest piece is at the end of the vol
ume, and is called “‘Dryburgh Abbey,” in
which he conjures up,as with a magic wand,
a procession of ‘ghostly and imaginary char
acters, the creations of Walter Scott’s won
derful genius, following to his grave in the
ruined abbey, the immortal bard and novel
ist. Had Charles Swain written nothing
more than Dryburgh Abbey,” that of it-‘
self would have rendered his name among
the writers that are not born to die.” 1
The second of these books bears the curi
ous title of Cues from all Quarters, or the
Literary Musings of a Clerical Recluse.”
It is an exceedingly ingenious book, full
of racy thoughts and piquant anecdotes. It
is not to be read through in a hurry, as one
would rush through a sensational novel, ea
ger to see how it is going to turn out” but
to be taken up at odd moments, to be open
ed and read at random. And open where
you will, you will find something bright and
genial, let the ‘‘cue” come from what ‘‘quar
ter” it may. For instance, we have opened
at random at page two hundred and eight
een. The ‘‘cue” is from Shakspeare, and is
‘“about finding one’s occupation gone,” and
the incidents given in illustration of the un
easiness felt by men of business or of active
habits, atter their occupation is gone,” are
exceedingly happy and to the point. The
chapter on ‘‘Contradictory People” is full to
overflowing of good things, and so is that
on A Good Listener.” In short, the whole
book is full of entertainment, and we cor
dially commend it to our readers.
The last of these books is English Les
sons for English People,” and is by the Rev.
Edwin A. Abbott, M. A., Head Master of the
city of London school, and J. R. Seeley
M. A., Professor of Modern History in the!
University of Cambridge.
The authors tell us in the Preface that this
book is not intended to supply the place of
an English grammar. It takes for granted
that the reader has already studied that, and
is now ready and anxious to bring that
knowledge to bear upon the further pursuit
of learning of any kind that may come be
fore him. This book will be found of great
importance to every one who, in talking or
writing, wishes to cultivate a good style.
By this is meant everything that goes to
wards forming a pure standard of what
is right and what is wrong, of what should
be used and what should be rejected. To
boys and girls, who are going through the
untold agonies of writing compositions, we
commend this book as one that will greatly
help them in the arduous task set before
them. And we also commend it to boys
and girls of a larger growth, who flatter
themselves they have ‘“‘a gift for writing”
and who wish to cultivate that gift to the ut
most.
Nor is this all that is in these English Les
sons. They treat of words defined by us
age and by derivation, of poetic diction and
of the diction of prose. They point out
faults in diction and the remedies for those
faults. They treat of simile and metaphor,
and of metre of every kind, and give hints
on selection and arrangement, and on some
errors in reasoning, and close with a table
of consonants and with questions and refer
ences to exercises.
Of the books we have noticed from Rob
erts, Brothers, Charles Swain’s Poems have
three hundred and four pages, Cues from
all Quarters” three hundred and forty, and
English Lessons” three hundred and three,
and the price of each book is one dollar and
a half; and they may Le found, as well as
““Nobody’s Fortune,” at Guerrsey’s.
Roberts Brothers have out an attractive
list of new and superb Holiday Books.
Among the *superb” ones will be found
Outlines to Shakspeare, designed and en
graved by Moritz Retzsth. There will be
one hundred and one plates with explanato
ry text, and the volume will be an oblong
folio, bound in cloth, lettered in black and
gilt. Another edition will be bound in an
tique morocco. This will be one of the fin
est books ever issued, and will make a splen
did present for the holiday season. Then
there is to be the Sermon on the Mount, il
luminated by W.and G. Hudsley, illustrated
by Charles Rolf, and chromo-lithographed
by W. R. Tymms. This will be bound in
illuminated morocco, cloth, gilt, and will
also be a magnificent gift for a choice friend.
Another book for the lovers of Shakspeare
(and who is not) is ‘“Falstaff and his com
panions,” with twenty designs in silhouette.
Good-night and Good-morning,” a poem
by Lord Houghton, will be finely gotten up
with illuminations and etchings on copper.
Nor are the little folks to be forgotten.
They cannot say ‘‘there is nothing for us,”
for here comes Sing-song, a nursery
rhyme-book,” followed by the “New Year’s
Bargain,” which is to be a Christmas story
for children.
Then there are to be ““Distant Cousins’
who will be brought near by talks with Amy
and George about their far-off relations.
Poetry will have its due, for in addition to
Mothers’ Book of Poetry” there will be
Mireio” a pastoral poem from the Proven
cal of M. Mistral, by Harriet W. Preston.
And fiction, too, is coming in in the guise
of The Vicar’s Daughter,” by George i[ac
donald,who is considered by many as among
the greatest authors of the day.
Wuo Pays eDT Does Grant? No.
Does Boutwell? No. The men who pay
the taxes and consume the commodities pay
it, and, at the rate they are paying, it is an
outraEe that so little of it is wiped out each
month. The amount reported paidin Au
gust was about $9,000,000. The ordinary
income of the government was $33,000,000.
Now, what becomes of the balance? Does
it take $25,000,000 to run the machinery a
single month This is Radieal economy.—
New Paltz Times.
THE PEOPLE.
CONCORD, NOVEMBER 16, 1871.
The Elections of 1871---The Gen
eral Result and What It Indi
cates.
With the elections of the present month,
the political campaign of 1871 is brought to
a close. With the exception of that of
South Carolina, the November elections
have all been holden, and as the Grant Ad
ministration has taken military possession of
that State for the purpose of controlling the
election, there is, of course, little room for
question as to what the result will be there.
Now, then, let us look over the whole
ground and see what the Democracy as a
party have lost, and what they have gained,
and what their prospects are for- future suc
cess,
Starting out with the New Hampshire
election in March, although not winning a
-complete victory, it will not be disputed by
any that the Democracy gained a decided
advantage, one of the important results of
which, is found in the election of three Dem
ocratic Congressmen. In the Connecticut
election, in April, Radicalism made a gain,
inasmuch as it secured the defeat of Gov.
English, though the work was only complet
ed by the illegal act of the Legislature at a
subsequent period, while the Congressional
delegation remained unchanged in its politi
cal character. The Kentucky election in
August, resulted in a Democratic triumph
by a majority considerably exceeding that
given in the Congressional election of last
year.
In September, came the elections in
Maine and California. In the former State
the Radicals held their ground, but only
through the most desperate efforts and a
profuse expenditure of money on the part
of Mr. Speaker Blaine. In the latter, they
made a gain and secured tho control of the
State government, through unfortunate dis
sensions in the Democratic ranks, and the
powerful aid of a great railroad monopoly.
Here they also gained two new members of
Congress. Then came the early October
elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Towa,all
resulting in Republican victories, by about
the usual majorities. Ithad been hoped that
the Democracy would redeem the first of
these States, and it can hardly be doubted
that they would have done so but for the
hue and cry which had just arisen over the
Tammany robberies in New York City. The
later elections of the same month, however,
in Texas and West Virginia, resulted in
brilliant victories for the Democracy,a clean
sweep being made in both States, with a
gain of three Congressmen in the former,
which fact will stand as an expression of
popular opinion, whatever the arbitrary ac
tion of Radical officials in throwing out the
vote of whole counties may result in.
It seems, therefore, on the whole, that,
up to the present month, though the Democ
racy may not have accomplished all they
hoped for, they have, at the very worst,
gained more than they have lost. In the
States which held Congressional elections
they have lost two,and gained six Congress
men, making a net gain of four members,
while they have fully held their own on the
aggregate popular vote.
We come now to the November elections.
In Massachusetts there is no change, and
none was expected. In New Jersey the
Democracy elect their Governor by 5,000
majority, while the Radicals retain the Leg
islature. Maryland and Virginia give heavy
Democratic majorities as usual, while Wis
consin, Minnesota and Kansas remain Radi
cal. In Arkansas and Mississippi there was
no strict, party contest. So far, then, the
Radicals have no gain to boast of.
New York remains to be considered. Al
though the result in the Empire State is far
different from what the Democracy of the
country had hoped, it cannot be regarded as
at all surprising, under the circumstances,
nor can it be claimed as a Radical partisan
victory in any strict sense of the term. It
is true, that the Radical State ticket is elect
ed by a majority of fifteen or twenty thou
sand, and that the Radicals have secured an
overwhelming majority in both branches of
the Legislature, yet this result is by no
means attributable to any change in public
sentiment in favor of the principles and
policy of the Radical party as against the
principles and policy of the Democratic
party, nor will any fair-minded Republican,
inside or outside the State of New York,
claim that it is.
The result in New York is attributable,
solely, to the popular indignation which had
been aroused against the Tammany ring
through the exposure of its corrupt and
swindling practices. That exposure was
made, it is true, by a Radical newspaper
whose proprietors had been confederates
with the ring in the past, and who had re
ceived a rich share of the plunder, in re
venge forbeing cut off from the receipt of fur
ther subsidies; but that made no difference
with the actual fact. Most of the promi
nent leaders of the ring were Democrats.
They had been honored and trusted by the
Democratic party. When their perfidy and
crime was made known, the indigmftion of
the honest masses of the party was aroused
to the highest pitch of intensity, and in their
determination to rebuke those who had
been false to their trust, thousands of them
forgot all partisan allegiance, all political
issues, and voted the Radical ticket as the
most effective way of accomplishing the de
sired result, while other thousands refused
to vote at all.
However much we may regret the action
of these thousands of Democrats in thus
giving the election to their party opponents,
however strongly we may believe the result
of that action will disappoint their hopes,
we can but honor the motives by which they
were actuated. The Democrat who will
hesitate to rebuke official malfeasance and
swindling in the manner which seems to
him most emphatic and effective i 3 no Dem
ocrat at all, and honestly belongs with the
enemy at all times. We can only regard
‘the result of the New York election as a
popular demand for reform, rather than as
a Radical partisan triumph, and though we
have every reason to doubt the efficacy of
the means-adopted to secure the reform de
sired, we must give the proper credit in the
proper place, and giving that, we cannot
feel that even the result of the New York
election is necessarily disastrous or even in
jurious to the Democratic cause. We even
regard a Democratic victory as not only pos
sible but probable in that State next year.
Regarded in the light of partisan advantage
alone, it is in the highest degree fortunate
that the exposure of the Tammany swind
lers came this year instead of next, when
we shall be right in the midst of the Presi
dential elections, for now the party will be
rid of the incubus which held it down from
victory in 1868, and the people will have
seen that it has no sympathy or toleration
for thieves, even in its own ranks.
Again,had the Democratic ticket been tri
umphant in New York, under all the ad
verse circumstances, the confidence of the
party would have been so great that effort
would have been greatly relaxed in the
coming campaign, so that the very strength
of the party might have proved its weak
ness and brought defeat. As it now is, the
necessity for work will be everywhere felt,
and the necessary labor will undoubtedly
be performed.
In conclusion, therefore, we can honestly
say, looking at all the elections in general,
and that of New York in particular, we see
no cause for discouragement on the part of
the Democracy; we see no indications of
Radical trinmph in the coming Presidential
campaign. We do see, however, the mani
‘festation of a strong desire on the part of
the people to secure governmental reform
and honest administration. That desire
manifests itself in a different manner in dif
ferent States. In some cases, too, there is
evident doubt and hesitation on the part of
the people as to what is the preper course
to pursue. All this is really favorable to
Democratic success in the future. It only
remains for the Democratic party to prove
itself equal to the emergency and worthy the
confidence of the people, to secure a sweep
ing triumph.
New Jersey.
The result of the late election in New
Jersey, although it may not be all that the
Democracy of that State hoped to accom
plish, is at least all they had any reason to
expect. More than this, it is a severe blow
to the Grant Administration. Walsh, the
Radical candidate for Governor,was put for
ward by the Newark ring in opposition to
the desire of the rank and file of the party,
and in accordance with the programme
which had been arranged by the Adminis
tration leaders at headquarters. He was
one of those purse-proud aristocrats, who,
having no sympathy with the masses of the
people are nevertheless high in the esteem
of their chief servant, and would-be impe
rial ruler, U. 8. Grant, either on account of
the gifts they have bestowed upon him in
the past, or those which they are expected
to bestow in the future.
Having secured Walsh’s nomination out
of motives of pure selfishness (for he never
does anything from any other motives) his
defeat is a sore disappointment. Itis even
rumored that in the excess of his wrath the
President has threatened to remove Secre
tary Robeson, being determined to have no
man in his Cabinet from a State that has
gone back upon him” so shamefully. It
would be a pity,indeed, if he should do that.
Our Navy would go to wreck and ruin forth
with, and the country would be completely
at the mercy of European powers if the gal
lant Robeson should be removed. We trust
the President wlll think better of this mat
ter and withdraw his threat. We do not
blame him, however, for being sorely vexed
and even wroth. Long Branch, it should
be remembered, is situated in New Jersey,
and in this defeat the President feels not
only that he has lost his whole summer
campaign, but that he has made himself ri
diculous in the eyes of the people.
The best thing he can do, under the cir
cumstances, is to suspend the writ of kabeas
corpus and declare martial law at Long
Branch. llf he will do that nobody will
complain; but Robeson must be spared at
all events. The safety of the country de
mands it.
12" The fact seems to be fully established
at last, notwithstanding the denial of the
Radicals and various attempts to cover the
matter up, that there has been a fraudulent
issue of the bonds of the State of South Caro
lina, under the present corrupt Radical Ad
ministration of that State, to the amount of
over twenty millions of dollars—more than
the entire amount of the stealings of the
Tammany ring in New York, which have
created such a profound sensation all over
the country.
But does any body suppose that this im
mense fraud will have any effect upon the
election which is soon to come off in South
Carolina? Does anybody believe that the
Radical dynasty which has engaged in this
wholesale swindling scheme will be over
thrown? If so, they will be doomed to dis
appointment, for South Carolina to-day, is in
the hands of Federal military power, and
whatever the people may desire to do, they
will be compelled to give their support to
Radicalism again.
Another Radical Governor, Austin of
Minnesota, has been engaged in corrupt
practices, or at least is charged with having
been thus engaged, with a fair prospect that
the charge will be substantiated. One of
the accusations brought against him is to
the effect that he received a note for SSOOO
in consideration of offering his signature to
a certain Railroad bill which had been pass
ed by the Legislature.
The charge first appeared in a Democratic
paper, published at St. Anthony’s Falls, and
against which paper the Governor in his
virtuous indignation has brought a suit for
libel, and although the Judge who presided
at the first trial, was so prejudiced in Aus
tin's favor that a fair trial could not be had,
enough was brought to light to show clearly
that Austin is not altogether uncompromis
ed in the affair, and there is a fair prospect
that the District Court to which the case goes
over will find him so far involved as to dis
charge the newspaper from liability.
No oné doubts that the general result of the
New York election, such as it is, was brought
about through the earnest desire of the mass
es of the people, to put an end to official cor
ruption. It must be confessed, however, when
we come to look at the matter in a practical
light, that there is much room for doubt
that the desired object will be attained
through the means adopted.
When we consider the fact that Tweed
himself is elected to the Senate, and that
many of the Radical members-elect are the
very men whom he bought and paid for two
Years ago, we must say that the prospect
does not appear to be very flattering. It is
maintained by some that Tweed will not at
tempt to take his seat, or that, if he does, he
will not be admitted but it seems to us that
the chances are at ieast even that he will not
only take his seat, but that he will actually
control the Legislature, with the fruits of
his stealings.
Gen. Reynolds, the commander of the de
partment which includes the State of Téxas,
having been so *‘disloyal” to the Grant Ad
ministration as to express the opinion that
the election in that State was fairly conduct
cd, and thus given the people another strong
reason for denouncing Gov. Davis for carry
ing out the Grant programme and giving
the certificates of election to the defeated
Radical candidates for Congress, the Presi
denthas made him feel the weight of his
imperial displeasure by removing him from
his command, through the ingenious arrange
ment of ‘‘reconstructing” the military de
partments. Reconstruction is Grant’s great
panacea for all ills.
1t seems probable that Mr. BuHock, who
resigned the office of Governor of Georgia
to escape impeachment for his crimes, will
not escape as he expected, that is to say, he
will not escape *the disgrace of actual im
peachment, although he has anticipated the
consequence by his resignation. Under the
Constitution of the State, his resignation
cannot operate to release him from liability
to impeachment. The House of Represen
tatives has power to impeach all persons
who have been, or may be, in office, and
public sentiment in Georgia demands that
Bullock be impeached, and the evidence of
his crime be formally given to the world
through an impeachment trial.
The Radical fuglers, interested in keeping
the Democratic Congressmen-elect from
Texas out of their seats, have cooked up a
terrible story of outrages by Democrats on
election day in that State.
The Boston Journal has decided the ques
tion. Grantis to be renominated and re
elected, sure. There is no use in going
through the form of an election.
Grant has issued another proclamation,
suspending the habeus corpus in Union Co.,
South Carolina.
The Result in New York.
[From the Albany Argus.]
The Republicans earry the Legislature by
a large majority, and the State officers on
the popular vote. The result is as great a
surprise to them as to us. Their State ticket
was not put in nomination to be elected;
but only as a cover under which to elect a
majority of -the State Senate. Nor was the
victory achieved by their direct effort or ex
ertions. The Democrats turned against their
own organization, refusing to vote for the
party candidates, and in some counties
voting against them. They saw in the chief
city of the State developments of misgov
ernment without a parallel in the history of
our party.
It was in vain that we traced the origin
and cause of this corrupt system to our po
litical opponents! In vain that in our Con
ventions we denounced the corruptionists;
and brought all the machinery of justice to
the prosecution of the wrong-doers.
Democrats were astounded and paralyzed
at the character of the revelations. They
showed that the government of New York
City was not a government, but a conspira
cy; and that its object successfully carried
out had been the spoliation of the people by
devices of fraud till now unheard of.
When the Democratic party ceases to rec
ognize integrity, fidelity and accountability
to the people as the tests of official life, it
ceases to exist. Itslife is gone, and it is but
a dead corpse.
The Democracy of the city, by an extreme
effort, disconnected itself from the corrupt
entanglement that bore it down. By a rev
olutionary uprising, it succeeded in depos
ing the local dynasty that had so abused the
name and cause of Democracy. But revo
lutions are not made without sacrifices, and
in this upheaval of the elements, our Demo
cratic majority in the city was broken, and
our strength in the interior submerged by
the tidal wave.
It is unfortunate for the people and for
the cause of Reform itself, that such excel
lent men as those that composed the Demo
cratic State ticket were defeated. Messrs.
Willers, Nichols and their colleagues are of
ficers so assiduous in duty, so Democratic in
all their ways of private and public life, com
ing up to the old standards of honor in this
respect—that a ‘“‘Reform” movement which
sacrifices them seems to have accomplished
a suicidal absurdity.
There will be nothing to regret in their
retirement from office, if the cause of ad
ministrative Reform is to advance under the
impetus which the popular instruction in this
election should give to it. If we are to have
hereafter a diminished tax levy, increased
revenues from the canals, improved naviga
tion, diminished expenses, &c., the people
will care little at whose hands they receive
these boons. 4
Upon the Legislature, and not upon the
State officers, will devolve the responsibility
of securing municipal reform, not only for
our commercial Metropolis, but for all of our
cities. The power to expend money and,
above all, to create debt, must be arrested,
and other abuses must be guarded against.
The contrast which the clection exhibits
in the modes of action of the two parties, in
dealing with corruption in their own ranks,
is remarkable, though it has been illustrated
in the history of parties since the foundation
of the government. The Democratic party
could not live in association with acknowl
edged corruption. It refused to sit in the
sameo convention with the associates of in
culpated officials of the Metropolis. It de
nounced the guilty and demanded punish
ment. It has no place for them except be
fore a court of justice, in arraignment for
crimes. On the other hand, the Republicans
proved themselves perfectly stolid and apa
thetic in view of the grossest imputation
cast on their candidates. So that while the
Democracy have beaten Tweed’s associates
in New York, and struck off half of his ma
jority, the Senators known to be the hire
lings and instruments of that Senator in all
his legislative jobs and plots have been sus
taine§ by the Republicans with undiminished
zeal, and re-elected by increased majorities.
While the municipal oligarchy in New
York is either relinquishing power or having
it wrested from them, the Federal govern
ment retains in power the corrupt combina
tion which controls and degrades the poli
tics of the administration party. Collector
Murphy will point to this very political suc
‘cess as a claim for his continuance in office;
and it will be acceded to by President Grant.
And why should it not, when Butler is up
held as leader in New England, Cameron in
Pennsylvania and the carpet-bagging thieves
in the South?
Let them not however calculate too confi
dently on the forbearance of the people.
This cry of Reform, taken up for an object
in the State, will find an echo in the hearts
of the people, and it will be raised in ac
cents and volume that will reach the White
House and shake it to its foundation.
Already the cry is raised. ¢We caution
everybody,” says the Journal of Commerce,
“to place no trust in the hope that the Leg
islature, however strong the reform ingre
dient may be in it, will restore good gevern
ment to the city,unless honest citizens main
tain an unintermitting pressure to that end.
The scoundrels of one party will plunder us
as badly as those of another. We put no
trust in party professions. But we do im
plicitly pin faith on the honest merchants,
bankers, business men, tax-payers—intelli
gent, order-loving, industrious and virtuous
citizens of all trades and occupations—who
yesterday, for the first time in recent days,
rallied and stood together for the release of
the city from the load of shame and debt
which the villains of both parties have plac
ed upon us.” And it argues that on the con
tinuance of the war on the Ring in the city
depends the issue whether the Federal gov
ernment shall longer tolerate or summarily
extirpate the corruption within its circle,and
whether every city and town in the country
shall be ruled by rings of thieves, or by hon
est men.
The New York Sun speaks in the same
tone, and recognizes the character of the
Revolution, its scope and destiny. It con
cludes a strong appeal in these words
This mighty movement cannot be limited
to New York. The need for it was most ur
gent here, but it is deeply and anxiously felt
everywhere. Corruption, fraud, bribery,
bribe-taking, and present-taking have been
spread all over the land. They pervade the
organizations of all parties, and are only
more flagrant and conspicuous in any State
in whichsoever party happens to be in pow
er there. Assuming the grossest character
among the Tammany Democracy in New
York, they run riot alike among the carpet
bag governments of the South, the Republi
can office-holders of the West, and the Na
tional Administration at Washington. The
journals are full of them; and the heart of
every patriot is daily sickened with the tid
ings of these crimes.
The time is more than ripe for a universal
political reformation. If all that the Amer
ican people have learned to hold dear is not
to be lost in one bottomless abyss of corrup
tion, the work must begin at once. Let the
revolution initiated here yesterday extend
all over the country, and Republican liberty
and self-government will be preserved.
i While in Montpelier, the other day,
we called into the Argus Patriot office,
and were agreeably surprised by the evi
dences of prosperity which met our view.
Brother Atkins has a large office well filled
with first-class material and presses, all in
constant use. He does the most extensive
job printing business in the State, while his
paper is well known as the most extensive
ly circulated newspaper published in Ver
mont, notwithstanding the strong Democra
cy of its politics. He has gained this large
circulation for his paper by making it a first
class State news journal, such as we have
}labored to make Tur PeoprLE, with similar
success.
The female suffragists are doomed to dis
appointment all around. Woodhull, Claflin
and their imitators in New York, who suc
ceeded in getting their names registered
previous to the election, were not allowed
to vote after all, despite their most pathetic
appeals and emphatic protestations; and
now it is announced that the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia has declared
that women have no right to vote, under ex
isting lJaws. The champions of the cause,
however, are not disheartened, but are de
termined to push things” till their ohject
is accomplished.
The swindling shoddy contractor Mur
phy, is doubly sure of retaining his place
as collector of the port of New York, since
the Radical victory, or what is considered
by himself and Grant a Radical victory, in
the Empire State.
It is now claimed that Grant did not wish
to pardon Bowen, and hung back for a weck,
but was finally compelled to do so, to re
deem a promise which Mrs. Grant made Mrs,
Bowen!
The Responsibility.
Nobody disputes the fact that the Tamma
ny ring has been extensively engaged in
swindling the people of the City of New
York. Nobedy disputes the fact that many
of the most prominent leaders of that ring
are, or have been, members of the Demeo
cratic party. It does not follow by any
means, however, that the Democratic party
is responsible for the wrongful practice of
the ring. On the contrary, as we have al
ways contended, the primary responsibility
must inevitably attach tagthe Radical .party.
In the following extract from the New
York World the case is correctly stated and
the responsibility put just where it belongs:
Who taught the ring? Where did it
learn to use the public money as its own, to
corrupt the judiciary, to count the votes?
The horn book it has studied is the record
of the Republican fparty. New York City
was Democratic before there was a Republi
can party, and where then were the New
York City Democratic frauds? Who spoke
of any stolen millions then, of any subserv
ient judges, of any frauds upon the ballot
box. Men never used the word ring, for
there was no such word and no such thing,
word and thing being both Republican cre
ations. ‘These guilty men,” as Governor
Seymour well put it in his speech on Tues
day last, ‘did not make corruption—cor
ruption made them.’ They looked to Con
gress and saw men high in the Republican
ranks, the Camerons, the Mortons, the Sher
mans, the Blaines, go in poor and come out
rich—swell in a day from paupers into mil
lionaires. In corrupt combinations of Re
publicans in office and out of office the na
ture and utility of a ring were revealed
them. The public lands they saw voted
away by the partner in Congress to the part
ner out for the common benefit of the swind
ling firm. Through the thousand loop-holes
of the tariff they beheld the people’s money
pass from the thief at Washington to his as
sociate robbers in every protected manufac
tory, throughout the whole of these United
States. By the whisky ring, the Indian ring,
the revenue ring, the rings ad infinitum
which issue from a Republican Congress
like purulent humors from a living sore,
they were taught to form window shade,
gaspipe and plastering rings in turn. In
structed by the big rogues who gambled
with the wealth of forty millions of people,
the little rogues gambled in the riches of
this one municipality.”
Letter From Peterborough.
Ezva M. Smith, Esq., occupied the desk
at the regular Sunday evening service in the
Unitarian Church. He spoke upon the sub
ject of temperance, to a large and appre
ciative audience. Mr. Smith is, in every
manner, an exemplary temperance man,and
his words of caution and warning to the
young, we trust will be of great service to
them.
We understand that a trial of the cases of
the delinquent stockholders of the Monad
nock Railroad will take place this week at
Keene. Quite a large number of our citi
zens are interested in the matter, and a de
cision is anxiously looked for by both
parties. It is expected that quite a delega
tion of the friends of the extension of the
above railroad will attend the adjourned
meeting at Bennington, Tuesday. The ex
tension of the road to Hillsborough Bridge
is only a question of time, and we know of
no reason why the project cannot be put
through at an early day. About 10 inches
of snow fell here last Friday afternoon and
evening, which has been improved by every
body who owns a team, or could obtain one
at the livery stables. The merry jingle”
comes early this season, and sleigh-rides,
consequently, are the latest novelty. A
large number from this place attended
the lecture at Winchendon, last week, to
hear the discussion on Woman’'s Suffrage,
by Mrs. Livermore, of Boston, and Gen.
Hall, of Maine. The General proved no
match for his opponent, either in intellect or
argument. x
Peterborough, Nov. 14th, 1871.
Lecture at Fisherville.
The Fisherville Lecture Association have
arranged with Rev. W. H. H. Murray, of
the Boston Park Street Church, to deliver
his popular lecture on ‘‘Deacons,” at Ex
change Hall, on Monday evening next.
This new lecture, though christened by the
title of Deacons,” is really a presentation
of the great idea of Christianity in all its
applications to the wants of the world, illus
trated b'y the diverse action of orthodox dea
cons. The subject is illustrated by refer
ence to the bigoted, narrow-minded deacon,
who always has to be looked at sideways to
be seen; the querulous deacon, who regards
it as his duty to fight the pastor; the here
sy-hunting deacon, who watches everybody
as a terrier looks for game; the timid dea
con, afraid of a shadow, fearful the minis
ter will do harm and hurt his influence; the
old-fogy deacon, who served forty-three
years, and never varied his prayer all that
time.
In areport of this same lecture recently
delivered in Manchester, the Mirror says:
‘“The speaker’s description of the winter
storm, when wealth and ease gathered about
the glowing grate, as the winds and snow
beat against the curtained panes, his narra
tive of the Deacon’s adventure on the slip
pery sidewalk, and his visit to the sick, his
benefactions to the poor, and especially his
sympathy with the dying girl, were tender
and beautiful, bringing tears to many eyes.
It was a glowing, fresh and eccentric talk,
in a pleasing and instructive style.”
The Boston, Nashua and Acton
Railroad.
The annual meeting of the Boston, Nash
ua and Acton Railroad was held at Dunsta
ble Tuesday. The meeting was called to or
der by Mr. E. H. Spalding, President of the
Board of Directors, who gave a very flatter
ing report of the prospects of the road. The
Directors had accepted the proposal of Mr.
Woods of Groton, to consiruet the road at
less thun the engineer’s estimate. On mo
tion, the meeting proceeded to the election
of Directors by ballot, with the following re
sult: Peter B. Brigham of Boston, Cyrus
Wakefield of Wakefield, Mass., Joseph B.
Clark of Manchester, Charles C. Pearson of
Concord, E. H. Spalding, Henry Parkinson,
Benj. Saunders, C. N. Dearborn of Nashua,
Jas. E. Burnap of Dunstable, Mass., Chas.
G. Sargent of Graniteville, Mass., Capt.
Jacob Smith of Westford, Mass., John
Fletcher, Jr., Daniel Wetherbee, of Acton,
Mass.
The overwhelming Conservative victory
in Virginia—two-thirds or more of the Leg
islature being Conservative—troubles Grant
nearly as much as the defeat of Walsh, in
New Jersey. It is rumored that some of
the Federal officials in that State so far for
got their obligations to their master as to
vote the Conservative ticket and labor for
its success, for which they are to be removed
forthwith, and their places filled by men
who, whatever else they do, will labor in
the interests of the Radical party at all
times and under all circumstances.
Peter B. Sweeney, the ‘‘power beliind
the throne,” who furnished the brains for
the Tammany ring, has resigned the office
of Commissioner of Public Parks, in New
York City, becanse Tammany refused to
carry out a bargain which he had made for
the election of Ledwith Supreme Judge, in
consideration of his support of Bradley,
Sweeney’s brother-in-law, for Senator,
against O’ Brien. Other resignations are
also taking place in the city.
The total vote for Governor in Massachu
setts, inround numbers is Washburn (Rad.),
75,000; Adams (Dem.), 48,000; Chamber
lan (L. R.), 7000; Pitman (Prohibition.),
6500, showing a majority for the Republican,
over the Democratic candidate of 27,000, or
4000 less than last year.
Supreme Judicial Court.
The action Harrison L. Davis vs. Mt.
Washington Turnpike,which was eommenc
ed last week Wednesday, was given to the
jury Monday evening. Failing to agree,
they were discharged about two o’clock,
‘Tuesday morning. The plaintiff in this
case, alleged that he was traveling over the
turnpike rcad of the defendant corporation,
leading from the lower terminus of the
Mount Washington Railroad to the main
road, on the 15th day of August, 1869, in a
careful and proper manner, when, in conse
quence of a defect in said road, he was
thrown from the wagon in which he was
riding and was seriously and permanently
injured, and this action was brought to re
cover the damages that he suffered thereby.
The defendant claims that its road was rea
sonably safe and good for the travel passing
over it, and that the plaintiff was not exer
cising the care and skill required ot him by
law at the time ot the aceident, but receiv
ed whateYer injury he did receive in conse
quence of his own negligence. Barnard
Sanborn tor the plaintiff; Minot, Tappan
Mugridge for the defendant.
The Court adjourned on Tuesday to the
26th day of December.
Nashua and Rochester Railroad.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the
Worcester and Nashua Railroad last Satur
day, the direetors were authorized to hire or
take a lease of the contemplated Nashua
and Rochester Railroad, for a period of not
less than twenty years, at six per cent. on
the cost of the road. This would seem to
insure the speedy building of the road.
—A State Musical Convention is announc
ed to be held in this city the second week in
January.
—Revival meetings are being held at the
Methodist Church in this city. Thirty-three
persons have already presented themselves
as seekers of the faith.
—The public schools in Union School
District will close on Friday afternoon,
the 24th inst., and the winter term will com
mence Monday, Dec 11th.
—lt will be seen that the winter term of
of the New Hampshire Conferance Seminary
and Female College commences Dec. 6.
—Frank O. Rollins, employed at Elwell’s
furniture manufactory, losta finger, and had
another badly damaged, last Thursday.
—Steady employment for a man compe
tent to take charge of a grist-mill having a
large run of custom, is offered in our adver
tising columns.
—The wife of Parker M. Stevens, of Hook
sett, committed sucide at the Insane Asylum
last week, by cutting her throat. She had
been under treatment at the Asylum for
about eighteen months.
—Samuel Eastman Co., whose card ap
pears in another place, are prepairing to erect
a building for a currier shop and belt maru
factory, opposite the depot at East Concord.
The building will be 30x70 feet, and two
stories high.
—Attention is called to the advertisement
of the State Prison Committee, asking for
proposals for the labor of the convicts for
five years, commencing next August.
—Dr. Tibbetts of this city, asks of the
Southern Claims Commission $4,443 for sug
plies taken from his plantation in Lousiana
during the war.
—The twenty-ninth annual meeting of the
Concord Congregational Church Union was
held at the North Church, last Thursday.
Reports were made of the condition of the
several churches, and in the afternoon a ser
mon was preached by Rev. Dr. Bouton. The
meeting closed with a communion service.
—Those desiring to make profitable in
vestments, are referred to the advertisement
of the well-known firm of Fisk Hatch,
bankers and financial agents, whose head
quarters are in New York city. These gen
tlemen are the financial agents of some of
the greatest railroad enterprises in the coun
try and so far as we know, the securities
they offer are perfectly safe.
—Several prominent gentlemen of Con
cord attended the town meeting at Benning
ton, on Tuesday. The object of the meet
ing was to take the sense of the voters of the
town on making an appropriation for the
benefit of the proposed railroad from Hills
borough Bridge to Peterborough, connect
ing the Contoocook Valley and the Monad
nock railroads. After considerable discus
sion, the question was postponed to the an
nual meeting, in March.
—A farmer’s meeting, held under the di
rection of the Board of Agriculture, com
mences Thursday afternoon at Angelos
Hall. In the evening, J. French of Lawrence,
a member of the Board, will give an address
on “The New Departure in Agriculture.”
Friday evening, Col. J.S. Walker, also a
member, will speak on English Agriculture
as coming under his observation while re
cently in England. A general attendance is
solicited.
—From the very reliable testimony which
is being oftered of the merits of Dr. Topliff’s
Syrup of Tar, as a cough remedy, as well
as for other affections incident to the rigors
of our climate at this season, we have no
hesitation in recommending its trial. Where
it has been introduced, it has given, as we
are assured, the most complete satisfaction,
and it is with no little gratification on our
own part that we are enabled to chronicle
the success of so worthy a gentleman and
physician as the proprietor of the Syrup of
Tar.
—We learn that Dr. Graves’ Heart Regu
lator, Danforth Ingalls, agents, is meet
ing with a very large sale, both on account,
we suppose, of its intrinsic merits, and the
great publicity it receives from being adver
tised in The People,—a medium that shrewd
business men know enough to take the ad
vantage of. Itis becoming to be a well
recognized fact that the firms in this city
doing the heaviest business, are those who
advertise in this paper, as well as that those
who do the least business, do not advertise
at all.
—The New Hampshire Cavalry Associa
tion held its second annual meeting in this
city on Tuesday. The following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent—E. H. Smith, ot Peterborough. Vice
Presidents—David F. Wilson, of South Bos
ton; W. W. Durrell, of Newmarket; Clar
ence B. Sanborn, of Sanbornton. :Clerk and
Treasurer—Nathan P. Kidder, of Manches
ter. Executive Committee—E. H. Bing
ham, C. S. Kidder, of Nashua; E. L. New
comb, G. M. White, Francestown; David
F. Wilson, of South Boston. Chaplain, Rev.
Moses Sherman, of Piermont. The place of
next meeting was fixed at Nashua, the sec
ond Tuesday in November, 1872.
—The snow storm of last Friday night, ap
pears to have been pretty general throughout
New England. About eight inches fell here.
In Plymouth, eleven inches were reported,
while at Great Falls, there were twelve.
For three or four days it seemed as though
winter was upon us in earnest, but on Tues
day the weather began to moderate, and
during the night a heavy rain set in from
the east. The indications are at this time,
Wednesday morning, that the snow will
soon disappear, much to the relief of those
who had not got ready for winter.
On Thursday cvening, the night preced
ing the snow-fall, there was one of the most
brilliant auroral displays ever seen. It was of
a deep crimson hue, extending across the
north and northeast, having the appearance
of reflections from large and extensive con
flagrations.
Siate Items.
ROCKINGHAM COUNTY.
—Thomas Eaton of South Seabrook, an
elderly man was, not long ago, taken sick
and manifested much interest concerning his
future destiny. Finally he became impress
ed vzh the idea that food and drink were
the “forbidden fruit,” and it was sinful to
take nourishment, and accordingly refused
to eat or drink nothing having passed his
lips for eight days up to Sunday, sth inst.,
by which time, he was too much exhausted
to offer any effectual resistance to those who
attempetd to convey gruel into his mouth,
or to eject it when it was once there, and
was therefore obliged to swallow it. But
gruel didn't save him, as he died on the fol
lowing Tuesday.
—The annual municipal election in Ports
mouth takes place on the 28th.
—llt is stated that the freight business of
the Portsmouth Concord Railroad for this
present y ear, will amount to nearly double
that of any former year.
—On Saturday afternoon, the barn of Mr.
Stacy Sanborn, in the south part of Epping,
was entirely consumed by fire, with its con
tents. His house was likewise badly dam
aged.
—Seven cases of small-pox are reported
in Pelham—six in the family of Mr. Kent,
and one in that of David Atwood.
—A house and barn owned by Hemphill
Clark, and occupied by Mr. Woodman, in
Windham, were destroyed by fire on the 6th,
which originated from sparks blown from a
portable engine used to run a saw-mill near
by. Two horses, a cow, a hog, and alarge lot
of hay and grain were burned. Loss $2,500;
no insurance.
—The residence of Dr. A. P. Stevens, in
Greenland, five miles from Portsmouth, was
destroyed by fire Wednesday afternoon, Bth.
The furniture was saved in a damaged con
dition, and the barn was saved by tearing
down a shed between it and the house.
Loss, 89,000 insuredd for $5,000.
—A house and barn in Londonderry, op
posite the old tavern stand near White’s
Crossing, belonging to Mrs. White, and oc
cupied by Frank Forsaith, were destroyed
by fire Wednesday evening, Sth. The fire
was discovered in the barn, and all of its
contents were destroyed, The furniture in
the house was saved. Loss not given; no
nsurance.
—The unnatural crime of robbing his fa
ther of SBOO, was recently committed by Rei
Munroe Hills of Windham. The Nashua
Telegraph says that on Monday, 6th, he con
fessed that he broke into his father’s house
in Windham, Tuesday night, 31st ult., and
stole therefrom SBOO, going from Worcester
for the purpose, and hiring a team in Nashua,
to g 0 out in the night and steal the money.
He followed up the confession by drawin g
forth the sum of $395 from different parts of
his coat-lininﬁ. His father, who is collector
of taxes for the town of Windham, a deacon
in one of the churches there, and highly re
spected, went to Worcester on Monday, and
:Eont. the day in getting together as much of
e money (which belonged to the town) as
the boy could account for. A sewing ma
chine, two watches, a revolver, and several
other articles which he had purchased were
sold back to the dealers, and in that way all
but about £IOO of the amount stolen was re
covered. His father did not miss the money
until a few days ago, and had no reason for
suspecting his son, for his visit home was
not known to any one in the neighborhood.
STRAFFORD COUNTY.
—The Dover city election takes place
Nov. 28,
—Mr. H. Baxter, a shoe manufacturer at
Great Falls, was thrown from his carriage
on the Bth inst., struck on his head, and in
jured so severely that death will probably
‘result.
—ln Farmington, Mrs. Mary H. Place was
found dead in her bed, last Thursday morn
ing, her death supposed to be caused by par
alysis. Her age was 68. Friday, late in the
afternoon, Mr. Abel Peavey, of the same
place, was found dead in his garden. He
'bad been at work as usual during the day.
Heart disease was probably the cause of his
death. His age was 77.
—At a recent meeting of the Dover Board
of Trade, steps were taken to secure at the
coming session of Congress a further appro
priation for continuing the work on Cocheco
river.
BELKNAP COUNTY.
—The wife of Col. Jos. W. Lang of Mere
dith Village, has just presented a handsome
steel bell to the Congregational Society of
that place. The bell cost S3OO, and weighs
about 1500 Ibs.
—The Belknap Mills of Laconia made,
during the last four weeks, 249,825 yards of
flannel, an average of 6,156 yards a week.
It was 2000 yards a week better than was
ever done before in these times.
—Mr. Geo. Stevens, formerly of Lake
Village, has gone to Houston, Texas, to take
charge of the shops of the Houston and
Texas Railroad.
—A gay wedding took place on Thursday,
the 2d inst., at the residence of Hon. John
C. Moulton, in Laconia. The interested
parties were Mr. Joshua B. Holden of Bos
ton, and Miss Ida L. Moulton. Rev. Mr.
DeNormandie officiated, while Gen. M. T.
Donahoe, Col. J. W. Butterfield, of Con
cord, A. R. Holden, Boston, and Henry Car
roll, Albany, N. Y., acted as ushers. There
was a rich, rare and elegant display of wed
ding gifts, among which was one case, 30
pieces, of solid silver, and a silver dinner
and tea set, one case of 12 pieces, two of 6
eachl, and one of 4 pieces. There was also
a beautiful and expensive gold necklace and
locket and an array of other articles.
—The Congregational Church®™ Sanborn
ton Square celebrated its centennial on the
12th and 13th inst., and the occasion was
one of great interest to thee citizens of that
portion of the town, and to many former
residents who returned to participate in the
exercises.
MERRIMACK COUNTY.
—The Smileg Mills, at West Hopkinton,
have been purchased by Rufus S. Howe and
Frank Carr, of Henniker. It is understood
that the new proprietors propose to go ex
tensively into the manufacture of mackerel
kits.
—Our Warner correspondent says the re
cent auction sale of the Kimball property in
that town, under the management of J. S.
Huntress, Esq., of Newport, was one of the
most successtul sales ever made in the
town. Mr. Huntress is a superior salesman.
—Miss Martha E. Osgood, of Loudon,was
presented with an elegant ﬁuarto family
Bible, on Saturday evenin%, ov. 4, by the
members of her Sunday School class.
—Mrs. Almira Nichols, of Bradford, re
ceived an injury in one of her ankles about
a year ago, which continued to give her se
rious trouble, until she decided to have her
foot amputated, which was done on the 3d
inst., by Dr. Parsons, of Bennington, assist
ed by Drs. Fitz and Richards, of Bradford.
The bone at the ankle had become softened
and decayed.
—A case of varioloid is reported at Hook
sett.
—Alfred Clark, of Franklin, was caught
under a timber, while engaged in repairing
Piper’s Mill in Sanbornton, Tuesday atter
noon of last week, and had several ribs
broken, and was so badly hurt internally,
that fears are entertained that he may not
recover.
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY.
—William Pitt Cooledge, formerly of
Hillsborough, this State, died at Arkadel
phia, Arkansas, Oct. 29th, after a sickness of
one day. His remains were enclosed in an
elegant metallic burial case and forwarded
to his widowed mother by e:igress, free of
charge. The funeral was at Hillsborough,
Nov. 9th. Mr. Cooledge had resided in the
West and South both before and since the
late war, and in Arkansas six years, where
he has left many true and faithful friends,
but no relatives. He has filled several pub
lic and responsible positions there, holding
at the time of his death the gfsition of Sher
iff of Clark County. The Masons of Hills
borough received the remains at the depot
and assisted at the last sad rites at the grave.
—DManchester municipal election takes
place on the 12th of December.
—J. Y. McQuestion, who has been over
seer of the yard at the Mafichester Print
Works for some years, has resigned, and Mr.
Frank Hutchinson, has been appointed to fill
the vacancy. The Union says the corpora
tion has been sinking money for the past few
years, and its loss last year on the business
was $106,000. The stock in 1865 sold for
about $2,200 a share, and now sells for less
than SBOO. The par value is SI,OOO a share.
The fault is attributed to the selling agents,
who dictate as to the qualities and styles of
goods.
—A gteat revival is going on in Lynde
borough, through the efforts of Rev. Mr.
Whittemore, pastor of the Baptist Church in
that place. On Sunday, sth inst., twenty
four persons expressed their purpose to be
come Christians.
—Mr. Robert P. Cressey, of Deering, has
raised about 700 bushels of corn (on the
ear) the past season,—6so on 5 acres in one
field said field has a mile of underdrain.
C. F. Gove has raised about the same
amount.
—T'wo evening schools are sustained in
Manchester, attended by nearly a hundred
persons.
—Master Fred Whitaker (twelve years
old) has killed, the past fall, 27 gray squir
rels, 7 partridges and 1 mink.
—The Glass Company at South Lynde
borough sent 6,000 demijohns to St. Louis,
one day last week.
—The Amherst hotel has been sold to
Marshal Davis, of Wilton.
CHESHIRE COUNTY.
—Mr. Sylvanus Graves, of Westmoreland,
recently committed suicide by hanging.
—A large number of sheep have been
killed by dogs, in Westmoreland, this sea
son.
—Lewis McNeil, of Hinsdale, was futall-{'
injured a few days since, by a barn doot
swinging against his head, progucinglconcus
sion of the brain.
—The fall term of the Marlow Academy,
under the instruction of Mr. Carl A. Allen,
closed on Thursday of last week. The ex
amination took place on Wednesday, and
showed a good degree of advancement. On
Thursday, the closing exercises were held
in the Methodist Meeting House, the exer
cises consisting of orations, essays, decla
matons,§ recitations, music and reading of
the paper. The house was filled with the
friends of the school from Marlow and ad
‘joining towns. The exercises gave univer
sal satisfaction, showing that teacher and
scholars, had each well performed their gart.
Mr. Allen, the teacher, was presented by
the school with a fine copy of the Bible, as
a mark of their esteem for him as a man and
teacher. The term this fall has been one of
the most successful ever held in town.
—Our Keene correspondent sends the fol
lowing
“The Beaver Mills Co. own thirteen
acres of land lying just north of the rail
road track. Branch tracks run past each
of their spacious shops, which are arranged
each side of the engine house, so that power
is furnished each way to carry the immense
amount of machinery that will soon be placed
in the shops. The south shop is 200x60
feet, three stories high, and the north one
300x60, also three stories. They are built
of brick, and in the most thorough style.
Sixteen thousand cubic yards of earth,
brought in by cars, was used in filling up
and leveling the ground upon which they
stand. The trustees of the company are R.
H. Porter, G. W. Tilden and H. C. Cool
idge. The trustees have leased the shops
to M. Fairbanks, H. Adams, David Buss,
John Humphrey and H. E. White, who pay
6 1-2 per cent. per annum, upon the whole
cost of $105,000, for a term of ten years.
Col. Daniel Buss took the contract for build
ing the shops. He commenced work on the
6th of Jure last, and will have it completed
by the Ist of December. It is one of the
largest contracts ever taken in this town,
and has been put through the quickest. It
is claimed that there is not another
chance in New England for power, and
freight conveniences equal to that which is
here afforded.
“We understand that the Keene Furniture
Company, have expended about SIO,OOO in
shops just south of the above Mills, and
have leased 100 sect of the Beaver Mills for
their manufactury. They use large quanti
ties of chesnut and black walnut lumber.
‘““‘Albert E. Pond, of this town, raised nine
ty-three bushels of potatoes on one-eighth
of an acre of land, the largest ones would
weigh upwurds of two pounds each. They
are very good table potatoes. He calls them
the ‘Brother Jonathan potato.’
“L. C. Doolittle, of the firm of Doolittle
Smith, has bought out his partner, and will
continue the business at the old stand.
“Edward Joslin Esq., of this town, is a
i }pser by SIO,OOO on account of the Chicago
ire.”
—Hinsdale has lost a valuable citizen, in
the death of Dr. Frederick Boyden, who
died Nov. 11. He was sixty-one years old
the day he died. Ie was alive business
man, and his loss will be deeply felt by all
classes. Ie was a staunch Igemocrat, and
one who was often consulted upon garty
measures. Ie was also a member of the
Masonic fraternity.
—The Massasoit Shooting Club of Keene
organized for the season last week by the
choice of the following officers: Chas. S.
Coburn, President Virgil A. Wright, Secre
tary and Treasurer; Josiah C. Richardson,
Robert Munsell, and Obed Holton, Standing
Committee. ~Regular meetings, Tuesday
‘evenings, atthe American House.
—The proprietors of the Woolen Mills at
Harrisville, have donated their reimnants
to the Western sufferers, and the ladies have
been making them into garments to be for
warded.
—J. K. Smith, of Dublin, raises carrots at
the rate of 1000 bushels per acre.
SULLIVAN COUNTY.
—W. D. Barrett, of Newport, is teaching
a successful writing school in Charlestown.
—The ladies of the Congregational Socie
ty at Charlestown, will’ hold their annual
festival on Friday evening next.
—Fifty dollars were raised for the Waest
ern sufterers by the recent cigar makers’
ball in Claremont.
—The editor of the Eagle has been pre
sented with a parsnip five feet nine inches
long. He will dry it and use it for a flag
staff on public occasions.
—Mr. A. O. Woodbury, of Newport, has
nearly completed his new brick and stone
building on Main St.
—lt is now expected that the Sugar River
Railroad will be opened to Newport Village
one week from next Monday.
—The recent ladies’ entertainment at Mer
iden, for the benelit of Kimball Union Acad
emy, netted $l3O.
GRAFTON COUNTY.
—The new iron bridge at Lebanon is be
ing put in position.
—The Granite State Base Ball Club, ot
West Lebanon, recently vanquished the “Red
Hats” of Lebanon by a score of 48 to 11,
—The people of Enfield are in a state of
uncertainty as to the disposition of the Post
office in that place. Some of them are said
to think that the Senatorial election next
June depends entirely upon the disposition
of that office.
—A religious revival is going on in the
district known as ‘“Tunis,” embracing por
tions of Enfield, Hanover and Canaan.
—The sudden appearance of cold weather
prevented the plastering of the new Normal
School Hall at Flymouth, so it will not be in
order for occupancy at the close of the term,
as was hoped. The term closes next Thurs
day, as we understand.
—President Smith of Dartmouth College,
;ﬁreached at the Congregational Church in
ittleton, last Sunday.
—Two unnaturalized sons of Canada stog
ped at Thayer’s Hotel in Littleton, one night
last week, and on retiring, blew out the gas
They were nearly insensible when, about an
hour afterward, their blunder was discover
ed by one of the proprietors.
—The examination of Asa Dow, of Lyman,
arrested on charge of setting fire to the barn
of Mason Aldrich, of Littleton, resulted in
his discharge.
—The house of Peter Lamott, on Elm
‘Street, in Lebanon, was destroyed by fire
Monday forenoon. Loss SIOOO.
—James B. Brown has been appointed
Postmaster at Wentworth, vice A. S. Ham
mond resigned and Charles B. Drake, at
Woodprille, vice B. W. Ramsey removed.
.—Mirs. Dimond, wife of Prof. E. W. Di
mond, of the N. H. Airicultural College,
fell off the doorstep of her residence, and
broke her leg, on the 9th inst.
COOSB COUNTY.
—The November term of the Supreme
Judicial Court, for the southern district of
Coos, opened at Lancaster, on Tnesd;‘y of
last week, Judge Sm‘gent ﬁresidlng. orty
‘cases on the continued docket were disposed
of on the first call.
—The High School at Groveton, this fall,
‘has prospered well. Seventy-five students
‘were in attendance.
—Roswell C. Chesman, of Northumber
land, has been appointed Deputy Sheriff.
—The Colebrook Sentinel has closed its
first year successfully, and moved into new
rooms. We rejoice in its prosperity.
—The lumber business is brisk all through
Coos County, and Fromises to be more so.
Push along the railroad to Colebrook.
—A. J. Marshall, of Lancaster, has made
ri':lcent additions to his carriage and sleigh
shop.