LLOWS FALLS, OCT. '27, 1871.
local mattiiks.
Union relief moetiug this week at
ne Hull, Friday evening.Ht 7 o'clock.
A good rain storm this Thursday
ing, it is hoped will ull'uL-maily sub-
Ill fires in this rrgiou of country.
We learn that the jury at county
were dismissed on Wedne day, and
imrt will clofe the term tliis week.
k)ur court reporter has left poetry
;r Kuinun, ii Buj une uounig, lei mm
x the first case of court news reported
eek.
ertised Letters. Mrs. Abigal Wy
E. Webster, Mr. Tobey. Miss Lydia
Mrs. Emma Smith, Messrs. Baker
t(
-Fannie Stroug has opened a
f-iakiug shop at J. C. Persjn's house,
mi M' r annonncenient will he found in
jur Ivertising columns.
List at or near William's Hook
ID fesday last, a diary. Whoever will
ttr h the same to this office, will re
(Ka liberal reward.
-jA dense cloud of smoke prevailed
ienjfou Monday, attributed hy some to
La prevailing fires in New York and on
i mountains in this State.
T. Cook A Son have the best fur
isbed harness shop in this section.
hey do very excellent work and this
sek announce a fine lot of Wolf, BufT
io and lap robes.
-yhe alarm whistle of the Walpole
fiirt fcictory was heard here at about 4
"ck Tuesday morning. AVe learn
,W small building of some kind was
liirot there. Loss small.
The ladies of this place have this
eek filled and sent 08' a large box of
(tt'.ing for the relief of the sufferers in
uliigan and Wisconsin, and in all
ive raised 8200, iu money and clothing.
Mr. T. 0. Ball has taken a shop in
e new building over Toluian'a sash and
ind works, and in a few weeks expects
be engaged iu the manufacture of the
:w clothes pinB recently invented by
m.
They havean excellent Cornet Band
.C'lareruont, N. H. They accompanied
leCtaremont post of the Gand Army
Keene, last Friday, and gave a haud
ae 'serenade at this place both going
ad returning.
Benj. Leet, finds the largest and fat
it oysters of the season, somewhere
iwaonhis line from this place toSpriug
M, Mass., and has our thanks to match
r a keg which he has generously laid
i our table.
-Mr. O. F. Peck had two samples of
is ever premium maple sugar at the
Westminster fair last week, and gener
u!f awarded one of tbern to the press
-for which thanks, blessings and bene
ictioDs. See report elsewhere.
Burton, the Waterbury Bauk roll
er bw uot yet been found, and we see
ttcted in the papers, that Squires has
ffewd to catch Barton again for $1000,
o !4ih it is added "He will hardly
t je authorities at the capita! to give
im any more money, for they are in
oubt' which is the biggest rascal Squires
r Barton," which is rather hard on
quires at least.
Oa Friday afternoon of last week a
re was discovered burning on top of a
ed in the attic of Mrs. Jacobs' boarding
louse, in the rear of Arms Willson's
tan and the Times office. A high wind
k-' prevailing at the lime and but fr
ty discovery there is no knowing how
t luctive it might have been. As it
ft ;it burnt the bedding a little, the
Ik e is slight, ard the escape wonder
f Jl'lie origin of the fire is a mystery,
o frobably always will be. At first
re; 1 as incendiary, the opinion among
I who have investigated the matter
is that it started from some acci-
ient..
Two Sad Accidents. Two sad acci
lents occurred at Winchester, N. II., on
1 ,14th inst. Three gentlemen while
mtfjorting, were just in the act of tree-
their game, when one of the party,
-It. Lowell Sylvester of Westminster,
'IajJ accidentally shot himself, the
who! iji'harge passing up under his chin
ind kill iug him instantly. The other
"as flie result of whisky. One of the
Toteeg of this fluid extract of misery
it iuto his bead that a neighbor who
1 'driven up behind his team must not
"J by. A race ensued, and a gentleman
.J tbe name of N. P. Johnson, who was
riding home with his hot-headed neigh
borr was thrown from the waon and
bad hia collar-bone and leg broken, be
tides receiving several lesser injuries.
Not Exactly Praiseworthy. A
iwpectable but indigent old lady in War-
rn who has children and grandchildren
indantly able to provide for her, has
I 1 allowed to become a town charge
i 1 the rarity of filial charity under
t ion. Better for this aged mother if
s and daughters she had none.
CosnrcTOR Fined. The conduct
or f a freight train on the Vermont
C jral Raiiroad was fined, at Milton
-other day, in the sum of $5 and
amouuting to $9 54, for allowing
&ight train to stand on the crossing
obstructing the passage of teams.
Vn Ion HHltf Hooting.
A union relief meeting will be held at
ENGINE HALL, on Friday evening of
this week at 7 o'clock. It is hoped there
will be a full attendance of both Indies
and gentlemen. It is uot designed to be
formal but for practical work to supply
clothing for destitute women and chil
dren iu Wisconsin and Michigan. The
money already raised is to be expended
in clothing which will be cut into gar
ments aud given out to he made. Any
lady wishing to help her unfortunate sis
ter can do so by taking one or more gar
ments home to make. It is thought a
meeting at a pubiic plaoe will be prefer a
ble to one at a private house. Let us
have a prompt, cheerful aud cordial
resjwiuse.
County Court.
ADJOI RNKK AK1TEMBKK TERM.
Norman Webster vs. Halifax. Action
on the case for damages sustained by rea
sou oi the insufficiency of a bridge in
Halifax. Iu June 1870, the plaintitTwas
upset upon said bridge and thrown into
the stream wiih his horses and carriage.
Pltf's. testimony tended to show that his
scapula! ins was forced against the trape
zium, his glenoid muscle was displaced
from the deltoid cavity, thereby smash
ing his diaguosis, injuring his super-circumflex,
assiinulating bissuper-spiuutus,
aud elongating his capsular ligament.
In plain English (which wo didu't hear
much of in the trial) the pill', claimed
that he was badly bumped aud injured
by the accident. Deft's. testimony tend
ed to show that plfl". greatly exaggerated
his injuries tor the purpose of obtaining
u big verdict. Verdict for plff. $2188.50.
Kitt. Haskins and C. B. Eddy for plff.
C. N. Davenport, G. W. Davenport and
S. T. Davenport lor deft.
Suite vs. Frank Tardis. Iudictment
for larceny in two counts each charging
the respondent with stealing a watch and
chain from tbe employees of one Jacob
Barraby in Rockingham. Tardis staid
at the Barraby hotel one night in March
last. The evidence of prosecution show
ed that he rose about four o'clock A. M.,
took the watches and "scooted." His de
fense was that he was ro'ibed of his mon
ey and took the watches to hush up the
matter. This defense proved a trifle too
thin. The main fact tried was whether
the property stolen was worth more or
less than seven dollars, this being the di
viding line between grand larceny and
petit larceny. Verdict, guilty of petit
larceny. Kitt. Ilaskins, State's attorney
for prosecution. John W. Croker and C.
E. Arnold for respondent.
Mary A. Alexander by C. E. Alexan
der, next friend r. Royal T. Blodgett.
Action of trespass vi Harm is. The plff.,
a girl now fifteen years old claimed that
the deft, made an indecent assault upon
her some three years ago while an em
ployee of her father, C. E. Alexander.
The deft, emphatically denied the charge
and claimed that the suit was brought to
extract money from him. Verdict for
deft. C. X. Davenport and C. B. Eddy
for plfT. A. Stoddard and L. S. Walker
for deft,
W. A. F. Johnson vs. Alonzo W. Dick
ermau. Action of trespass for an assault
and battery. Plff'.-. evidence tended to
show that deft, made an aggravated as
sault upon him in August, 1870, at Put
ney. Deft, claimed that the assault was
provoked by plff. and was made in self
defense. It appeared that plff. was most
awfully walloped." Verdict for plff.
$27. C. N. Davenport and G. W. Dav
enport for plfT. C. E. Arnold and John
F. Deane for deft.
State vs. John Mansfield. Indictment
for assaulting constable and aiding a
prisoner to escape. Flea not guilty.
The prosecution claimed that the respond
ent assaulted one Fred M. Barber, a con
table of Rockingham, and released one
Shufeldtfrom custody. Respondentclaim
d that he didn't do it. Verdict, not
guilty. Kitt. Haskins State's attorney
for State. C. E. Arnold aud John W.
Croker for respondent.
Westminster Agricultural Asso
ciation. The Westminster Agricultu
ral Association will meet for the choice
of officers and other proper business at
Town Hall Saturday evening, 7 o'clock
Oct. 28, 1871.
C. Chase, Secretary.
Another Patent Swindle. Some
time last fall a man claiming to be agent
for the sale of a patent pitchfork, tried
to sell Alonzo Porter, of Hardwick, the
right, but Mr. Porter not thinking best
to buy, concluded to take an agency of
the party, and signed his name to what
he supposed was an order for a sample
fork. A short time since Mr. Potter had
notice from one of the neighboring banks
that his note for $204 was due at the
bank in September.
Returning. The East begins to real
ize the actual condition of the people of
Chicago, as they meet the returning wan
derers to the old homesteads among our
hills. On Friday night, some twenty
persons, mostly women and children, ar
rived here on their way to their friends
in Franklin county. They had nothing
left but the clothing they wore, torn and
burned. They had a pass from the Re
lief Committee at Chicago to their des
tination, and a few dollars in money suf
ficient to meet their needs for food. Rill
land Herald.
A Vermont er 100 years of age,
thinking that the climate of tbe State
did not agree with him, hat emigrated to
Detroit
AVeHtiuliiNtor Town l'nlr.
The third anuual Fair of the West
minster Agricultural Association washeld
on Wednesday of la-t week. The quan
tity of articles nil exhibition us less than
on former occasions, but the quality wus
even superior. The farmers of West
minster did not generally brine out their
cattle, and thuir own exhibition iu this
department was therefore quite small.
Among the missing was W. R. Kimball's
Jersey herd, for the first time. Mr. Kim
ball, however was among the hardest
workers and managers of the fair and no
doubt did his whole duty. Mr. D. C.
Wright had several excellent grade Jer
seys, aud Dea. J. McNeil Hnd S. S.
Stoddard had some fine Durham cows
whose butter in Floral Hall correspond
ed with theirown good appearance. The
weather was quite threatening during tbe
forenoon and others were very likelv de
terred from bringing out their stock from
this reason. Robert Elwell and II. M.
Elwell of Langdon, N. II., had a por
tion of their famous Durham herd on the
ground, being the same that swept the
deck at the New Hampshire State fair,
aud these with several from E. W. Ban
croft's herd, of this town, and of the same
stock, made the fair, in tbe Durham de
partment at leant, rank even with any of
the State or county exhibitions, of this
year. There were several fine yoke of
oxen, of which Horace Goodhue had the
largest pair on the ground, weighing 5."70
pounds. There were also several pairs
of young cattle, of which Wm. B. Clay
had a good representation.
Horses were well represented, and the
premium list will furnish the best com
mentary iu that department, including
the various classes. O. L. Fisher exhib
ited several grades of fine American Me
rino sheep, and we believe was the only
exhibiter in town in that department.
Poultry was largely and finely repre
sented including many breeds. George
W. Pierce and George W. Kimball both
had a large display, among them silver
Ilamburgs which now attract consider
able attention among poultry raisers, es
pecially iu villages, being small, smart,
handsome and great layers. George
French also had several beautiful fan
tail pigeons iu this department.
The grain department brought ont the
fact that N. G. Pierce had raised over 73
bushels of corn on an acre the past sea
son, lhere were several traces ot sound
and nice corn, and Henry W. Sabin had
some of the most plump and best looking
oats ever seen anywhere.
FLORAL 11 ALL.
Among the novelties in Floral Hall
was a collection of eggs numbering some
170 difi'ereut specimens collected by Geo.
French. The great contrast between the
tiny birds eggs and those of great pre
tensions formed an interesting sight.
The fancy articles were very tastefully
displayed and among them the moss work
of Mrs. Clark Chase wag very much ad
mired, there being crosses, wreaths, harps,
baskets, etc., arranged in perfect taste.
Mrs. Asa Carpenter of Walpole, N. H.,
exhibited a very handsome toilett set in
worsted embroidery, also slippers and
shawl strap, aud a charming little basket
of blackberries so perfect in imitation of
the natural fruit that one was tempted
to taste. Mrs A. B. Dascomb of Wood
stock, had a very handsome afghan. Mrs.
Charles Nutting exhibited a very nicely
finished wax cross. Mrs. L. Roberts al
so had some fine specimens of moss work.
Miss L. A. Gorham contributed a very
pretty little frame made from corn husks.
Then there was patchwork by Alma
Fisher, of only four years, very nicely
done, and embroidery by Mrs. S. W.
Holden, 69 years. A. chenille rug by
Delia Hitchcock was very much admir
ed, also some braided ones made by Mrs.
Ira Wiley.
There was also a nice array of quilts,
rag carpets and many fancy articles of
merit and value, which prove the ladies
of Westminster to possess skill in the
fine arts as well as in the more domestic
employments. In the line of the latter,
it is seldom if ever ones privilege to look
upon such perfect golden butter as that
at Westminster. The number of speci
mens were limited to three. But the
quantity was made up in quality. Mrs.
M. W. Davis had some in balls which
would add new laurels to Vermont but
ter, also that of John McNiel, made we
suppose from the milk of those fine Dur-
hams which attracted so much attention.
There was also a tub of the very best by
John Minard and a cheese to vie with
any.
Here too, was Mr. O. F. Peck s incom
parable maple sugar, made by his own
skill, and we had almost said without re
gard to apparatus. His mode of mak
ing, however, is the quick plan, and he
never fails to have the best, whitest, and
all without any refining process that
sometimes detracts from the maple ex
cellence. We certainly don't see how a
greater success can be achieved in the
manufacture of this V ermont luxury
There were some good representatives
in the vegetable kingdom. Fruit was
small in numbers as usual this year.
Mr. S. F. Allbee of this town had some
pears the largest and finest of the season
and were a special attraction. His trees
must have concentrated their efforts, as
they would have been good representa
tives of the beat oi fruit seasons.
But we must bring this report to a
close. Tbe attendance was larger at this
than at any previous fair. In the early
part of tbe day there was an attractive
parade by the Horribles," got op by
the young men in the best style of that
art, and in every respect a "horrible"
success, adding life to the incidents of
the day.
As a whole the festival of the farmers
of Westminster for 1871, was a sucoes,
aud highly creditable to the managers,
aud sustain the enterprise for which
they have long been known.
Soldiers' Monument Dedication.
The dedication of the Soldiers' Monu
ment at Keene, N. II., on Friday of last
week, was very largely attended, and
the exercises interesting. The day was
cold, windy and uncomfortable, but aside
from this everything was favorable and
the demonstration a success. Keene lias
a glorious and patriotic record made
during the war, and the monument she
has now erected to her honored dead,
will also long stand a credit and honora
ble fame to those who have erected it.
The music of the day was largely the mu
sic produced during the war, which with
the speeches, seemed to bring tiack viv
idly all the scenes of that great contest
with the rebellion, and one could but re
new his patriotism as he listened to their
proceedings.
Gen. Griffin was president of the day
and presided with promptness and ease.
He also made a very appropriate open
ing address. The address of presenta
tion was made by Dr. Twitchell, and of
acceptance b. George H. Gilbert, chair
man of the board of selectmen. The
oration by Gen. Kilpalrkk, was an elo.
tient production, as was also the fine
poem by Lieut. Geo. A. Marden of Low
ill, Mass. Gov. Westn biiefly address
ed the crowd and cordially comnieuded
the enterprise which had- called them to
gether. Brief speeches were Hlsotnadeby
Senator Patterson and Gen. Garfield of
hio. The speech of Senator Patterson
was the gem ot the day, and the people
of the old granite Stale with good rta
son are proud of thei'able and eloqueut
senator. Gen. Garfield was there by ac
cident aud tooK the vast crowd by a
most happy surprise. His remarks were
admirable and of course were received
with great favor.
The base of the monument thus erect
ed is of solid New Hampshire granite
and surmounted by a bronze figure of a
citizen soldier at rest, with musket be
tween the right arm and body. On tbe
front side is the following insc-iption:
Keene will cherish in perpetual hon
or the memory of her sons who fought
for liberty and the integrity of the re
public. 1861-18C3.
The honor oi the heroic dead is the
inspiration of posterity."
It is placed iu the Fark in Central
square, which is the most public place in
wn, and there it stands an enduring
memento of the brave sous ot Keene
who gave their lives that our country
might live, an honor to those who have
erected it, and an inspiration for the
youth of future generations.
Chester. The festival in aid of the
Episcopal society held at the Ingrabam
House on Wednesday evening the 18th,
roved highly successful, the receipts of
the evening being nearly two hundred
dollars.
Ou Thursday the 19th inst., as N. F.
Shedd, Esq., was riding near Richard
son's mill having his daughter, Mrs. G.
A. Hall and her child, with him, the
axle of the buggy broke, throwing the
occupants out upon the ground and se
verely bruising Mr. Shedd. Mrs. Hall
and child escaped with slight injury.
During the high wind of Friday, the
20th, Willie aged abont seven years, son
of Moses Dow, was very severely injur
ed by the blowiug over upon him of a
heavy gate he was opening. Both his
hip bones were badly fractured, pieces of
tbe bone protruding through the flesh,
he was attended by Dr. Harrington, and
is now as comfortable as possible.
Oscar George has purchased of E. W.
Brown, the mill known as the Sawyer
Grist mill, and will turn his attention to
a new branch of business, in which no
doubt he will prove successful, but the
patrons of tbe mill will be apt to miss
for sometime the genial face of the ex
miller. The first of a series of cotillon parties
came off at the Ingrabam Hall, on Fri
day evening, tbe 20th inst., and was at
tended by a large and happy party. Our
friend Cole has lately given the Ingra
bam a new coat of paint outside,, and
now travelers aud pleasure seekers will
find the Ingraham all taut and trim in
side and out, and Cole the man they want
to see.
Geo. A. Hall is offering the most
favorable bargains in furniture. See his
announcment elsewhere.
Advance, ye Hosts 1 The Chicago
Advance has risen from its ashes and
once more appears upon our table where
it has been a regular visitor ever since it
started. Always among the best of our
exchangee it is also the best among the
religious papers in the country. We
are glad to again see its familiar face,
now literally tried by fire, and found to
be even more than twenty-four carets
fine. Now then let its friends and espec
ially all former patrons, renew their sub
scriptions, regardless of what may be
now due them, and thus help it to start
again. It is but $3 a year, and many
should feel it a pleasure to double the
amount for the next year. The head
and heart of the Advance is still left, and
will work better than ever for us all.
Address, "The Advance Company, Chi
cago, Illinois."
LtttcMt Now.
RIOT AND LOW OK LIKE IS CAUEOHNIA,
A terrible riot occurred in Los Angel
os, California, on Wednesday. An offi
cer atlempted to arrest a Chinama:i lor
shooting another, when the officer was at
tacked by the celestials and shot dead.
A mob of five bin id reel immediately col
lected, and fiilecn Chinese were seized
and hung. Among the killed was one
woman.
There are a large u umber of bears
on the mountains iu RipUn, Hancock
aud Loncoln. Mr. Wilson of Haucock
lost, on the night of the 21st ult., a full-
grow a calf whieh was chased iu a pas
ture near his house, by a bear, and al
most eutircly consumed. Vigorous meas
ures are soon to be taken with a view to
the extermination of these marauders.
The name of the man, 87 years old
who framed and finished a buildiug (30
x 40) at Stuwe, this season, without the
aid of glasses, is Peter C. Lovejoy. He
wag the first representative the old town
of Mankfiuld sent to the Legislature. He
was born in Westminster, Vt., and his
mother was the first child born there.
Wanted. Good Canvassing Agents
in every town, to whom large commis
sions will be given. Address
Benedict Co.,
Burlington, Vt.
CATTLE MARKET.
MUl'NT Or STOCK AT HABKKT.
Cuttle, Sheen. ShotM. Fat llogn. Veal;
ThU week. S,:tt0
Last week. 4.5'W,
12.SW
11.H72
15.SJ1
200 13.200
KM 13..MU
276 6,lli0
One year wo, 3,u:i-.l
WHOLESALE PRICES.
TUESDAY Oot. 24, 1871.
rBirw.
Prices of Market liecf. Extra, i'JM 25
first Quality. SH.im i 8.fl: 2il Quality. 7. to 7.00
third quality, so.in) tvtO.
4 '-t $7.'.3 eauti t-lliu yiieep $1 7 it &2-5U head.
Mieepanu Lain tut. l'er ncaa. in lota. 5.1 f
limes. 8 'i Sl,c r
IViis l.ui 1.75 each Calf Skint 1 K(t- tb.
Tallow, 6 W 6'.j0 V th.
Milca Uowh and Calvea. $i0, frill, (OT and 9,
Kricesof Store Cattle. Working Oxen. Dair. iliO
leai linmi '8: two years old 12 ai 28
three year old, $25 (u $4o.
ftnod 1.5 m 16!.C niediunt 141 w li-ti poor to me
dium 14'-vo.
Ijive poultry. r.stra uw m rtnmelp h lo-ye
KLM AKKn. There wan a full ftnnnlv ami rlnnreHR-
el market thi week, and prices l4 to K-c lwer, ranic
mg lroiu 15 to Hiy. On the other hand sheep have
been improved e. the gales beinir at 6 to 7c. and
S-1.75 j-Mi a head. Over three tons of live poul
try, and the best chickens and turkeys sold at lou.
JJOSTO MARKET Oct. 24.
FLOITR- The Flour trade has been dull. The
Sales at $o00 .50 for Western superfine, 17.01).
S7.26 for coin won extras, and 57.2o $8,.j0 tor Min
nesota including choice baker's brands. Small lota
Kve Flour 1UM-0 is $0.50 V bbl. Corn Meal sales
at i.75 if- 4 f bbl.
tt K A I lhe arrivals of Corn have been consid
erable and the market is better supplied than for
some weeks past. The sales have oeen 85t 88c
bu-h. for bout hern and Western yellow. In Oats
there is no material change. The sales have been
at 50 a 5iic for dark and white V bush. Rye contin
ues to betaken in suiull tots at 95 1 bush.
PKOVlbiO.. lhe Pork market is without im
provement. The trade are purchasing only in small
lota Wanuote prime at fill.00 $12.00: and mess
aUH.&'i Sf SU.50 bbl. Beef is dull. Sales of West
ern mess at 10 tor lanuly extra 14 w lb. i.ard is in
steady demand sales at 10 10:o for steam and
kettle rendered. Smoked Hams have been selling
for 12 15c K to as to quality.
PRODUCE. Thereis nu chantre to notice In the
Kutter market. Choice grades of Fall command
lull prices Sales have been at30 33c for choice N.
Y. and Vermont dairies. 20 (at 2Ho? tt for common.
Cheese is quite firm aud prices have advanced. The
sales have been at. 10 (at 13c for common and good
iHrmei-a' dairies and 12 14c, for Factory. Pota
toes have been arriving more freely and are in fair
demand, sellinir at 55 tii 65c 3 bush, for Early Rose,
and 40 'oi tvMor Jackson v, lutes as to quality, toweet
Potatoes have been selling at $2 50 ii t" bbl. On
ions are plenty and dull with sales at $2 ftfi $2 25
bbl. Ktfgs have been selling at 31 (a'ic doz.
W OOL. lhe demand for Wool is good and the
market is firm and prices remain the same. The
sales for the past week have been 500.000 lbs, aver-
agtug lroiu m eOc lb.
In Bnrlinprton. Oot, 1H, at the residence of Dea.
M. ia.vis. by Rev. Win. IL Kurg ot Shaft-bury,
Mr. JOUX Q. A. KlrG(J of port Henry, N. and
Miss MAKY L. KLHBY of Burlington. Accompa
nying the forepoing notice was a double remem
brance to the editor and printer, which is futly ap
preciated, and tvho will ever bless and jiutifv this
umoQ
In E. "Westmoreland. N. TI., Sept. 17, by Rev. Je
hiel Clatflin. Mr.GlLIiERTKIRBY andMis, JASE
BARRETT both of W.
In E Westmoreland. X. H. Oct 15. by Rev. Jehiel
Clatiin. Mr. C. ANSOX COOK ot Westmoreland,
and Miss KELUti M. DEAN of Marlboro, N. 11.
JHftf.
Marriages and Deaths inserted frkr. Obituaries
including poetry, to be paid tor according to length
In South Londondorrv. SeDt. 29th. Widow l.VCY
EMERY, aged ti yearn, formerly of Rockingham.
In Smith Londonderry. Oct. f. KKl'BEN liAR
RIMiTON. aged 7i.
In Ludlow, Oct. 13. ELIZA HARRIS. wifeofJa-
oez Chapmnn, aged w years 4 months.
In Ldlow, Oot. 9th. CHARLEY N.. son of John
and Cynthia Riggs, aged IX years. Iu months.
In New Alatead. N. li.. Bent 30. of .vohoid fever.
JULIA A., daughter of tbe late J a be z M. and Clar-
asia Hanks, aged lii years.
In Franklin, Franklin Co. New York, at the resi
dence of her on-iti-law, William 11. Metvin, Oct H,
Mm. SARAH STOW ELLIS, widow of the bit. Wtl
iiam Ellis of South Woodstock, Vt., aged i year?.
Mrs. Ellis waft a woman of rare talent and has left
behind her many specimens of her able pen, even in
later years, ene enaearea to n era en many friends,
her hope was the christian's hope, and as she was be
loved in life bo she is lamented in death.
w
OLF, BUFFALO LAP ROBES.
A GOOD nwortmentof HI PFALO. WOLV FOY
and LAP KoHES. just received and for sale, and
will be sold as low for cash as at any othor pae.
Also all kinds of goods pertaining to a Lmoa Shop
constantly on hand and for sale. Also Harnesses
made to order and of any style devired.
43 T. COOK ft SON.
F
ARM FOR SALE t
SAID Farm is nlensantlv situated ntion the Con
necticut river, and on the River Road leading from
Westminster to East Putney fin Westminster, Vt.
about three miles from East Putney depot, contain
ing about 40 Acres, suitably divided into Mowing,
Tillage and Pasturing, with good and convenient
Buildings, running water to House and Barn from a
never failing spring. Also a nice Apple Orchard of
about 2 acres, situtited in Putney, Vt., near Charles
Blood and Zenas Smith's on Putney Wet Hill. For
further particulars inquire of the widow CHARLES
UPH AM on the premises, or of N. 14. PIKRCK ia
Westminster. SARAH S. I PUAM.
estminster, Oct. 2Uth 1871. .1
C'enamiMtl rr' Keller
JOHN B. ZUILL'S ESTATE.
IVE THE Subscribers being duly appointed by
ft the Hon. Probate court for the District of
Westminster, coinmiiwionersto receive.exainineand
adjust all claim!) and demands of all persons avainst
the estate of JOHN B. I ILL, late of Oration in
said District deceased and also all claims and de
mands exhibited in offset thereto and six months
from the FOURTH day of OCTOBER last being al
lowed by said court lor that purpose, we do there
fore hereby give notice, that we will attend to the
business of our said appointment, at the dwelling
house ef SILAS A. ZUlLL in tirafton, in said dis
trict, on the THIRD WEDNESDAYS of NOVEM
BER and FEBRUARY next, from TEX o'clock A.
M.. until FOUR o'clock P. M on each of said days.
HARVEY STODDARD rmmiinnr
JOHN A. PEITENOtLLJ Lmmu,!,,nOT
MARTIN R. LAWRENCE, Adra'r.
tiratuin. Oct. 21. 171. 43-45
CtniniiMlsiwr'i X v
BEN0NI STOODLEY'6 ESTATE.
rplIB I'NOKRSDiXKD, having been appointed
M by the Probitte Court of tbe District of Vt indsor,
commissioners to receive, examine and adjust mil
claims and demand- nf all persons against the estate
of liKVM STOODLEY. late of Chester ia said
District, deceased, and the claims of the deceased
exhibited in set-off to the clattns of the creditors,
hereby give notice that we will meet for the purpose
oi examining and allowing said claims at the late
dwelling bouse of said deased in Chester, in said
districion the last TUESDAYS of NOVEMBER
and M ARCH next, from TEN o'clock A. M. until
THREEo'elork P. M. on each of said days, andtbat
six months from the 2lstday of OCTOBER. A. D.
Isll, is the time limited by said court tor said credi
tors to present their claims to as for examination
and allowance.
Dated at Chester this 23d day of October. A. D.
WL H.t.AtDRICH, riia.
0. W, HADLEY 1 ""m"0""
M. R. LAWRENCE. Adm'r. 49-45
SELLING OUT
-rA-t CoHt, lor CukIi
NOW ia YOUUTIMK TO BUY YOUR
PAULO!?,
CHAMBER
ANI
KITCHEN
FURNITURE.
MATTRKSPES.
tsPRINO BKUS
WINDOW SIIADK3.
M1RHORS LOUNdES
Aud a host of other goods to numerous to mention.
CEO. A. HALL.
CHESTER. VT.
43
Oct. 2(. 1871.
Wanted.
i tlOOIl, RESPONSIBLE MAN to drive taam.-
a American man prelerreu. Apply immediately.
11. H.UlLf K. Touiuster.
UellowxEalla. Oet,12tb. 41
D
RESS MAKING.
ALL those winhin liREPS JIAKIMi nr MA.
CHINE srtTClllNti done, will do well to call on
MiwSTRONO. on SOUTH Street, at the home of
J.C. PEKdONS, where she had lately opened a
Uellowa t ails. On. 1. 1871. "42-15
CHARLESTTSHER
Surveyor and Auctioneer.
WALPOLE, N. H.
V"EW Instruments giving the variat
variations of the
w iwiiBurncii troiie. trmiwiuny wiuitieu iu ruiilliiifr.
old 1 inert. 1'roinnt attention given to auction sides
of all kinds. Orders may be leltatthe TIMES Office.
to running
IVotice
IS hereby given that the bondholders under the
second Morttfaire of the VERMONT VALLEY
Kailroad Company, (which mortgage has been duly
foreclosed.) have formed a corporation under the
name of the VERMONT VALLEY KAILKOAD
COMPANY of i71. and have tiied their mid arti
cles of association, forming said company, in the of-
noe 01 me secretary oi Mate ot Vermont, anu also
in the office of the Count v Clerk of Wind ham coun
ty, the county through whu-b the railroad of said
Com nan v nurses: amuiortfv in amount of the nrin-
cipal of said bond? secured by said mortgage having
been surrendered by the subscribers to the e took ot
said Company, which articles are duly verified by
affidavit of three directors of said Com puny, pursu
ant to the provisions of Chapter 28 of the General
Statutes of Vermont, applicable thereto.
ieiiows runs, vt.,uct.i.i, imi.
tiOUVEKN KVR MORRIS, President.
J. II. WILLIAMS, Treasurer. 42
mmiMilonerti Biotjce.
U'ETHE Subscribers being appointed by the Hon
the Probute Court for tiie District of Westmiiis.
ter. Commissioners to receive, examine and adiust
all claims of all persons against the Estate of
ISAAC PALMER late of Putney in said District,
deceased, and all claims exhihitud in olivet thereto
and six months from the SIXTH day of SEPTEM-
J.bti. A. l) 18.1. being allowed by said court tor
that purpose, we do therefore give notice that we
will attend to the badness of our appointment at
trie une dwelling nnuse ot saiu ciecensen. on tiie first
TUESDAYS in JANUARY and FEBRUARY next,
from NINE o'clock A. M., until FOUR o'clock P.
P?S.KKvLs. LL Commoner,
Putney, Oct. lt, 1871.
42-44
pDR SALE
HOUSE AND LOT
Pleasantly situated on CENTREStreet. House con
tains NINE ROOMS with plenty of Closets audi
verv conveniently arranged. Lot contains about
5.otJ0Feetof Land well supplied with a choice vari
ety of Apples, Pears, Plums, Quince, U rapes, Cur
rents, Jto. For particulars inquire of
M. id. W tllTNEY.
Bellows Falls, Vt., Oct. 13th. 1871. 41-43
gKOCERIKS ASP PROVISIONS.
S. CRAOIN. has boimht 11. A. Pooner'a stock nf
etand. oonosif e thedtnot. Fp1imr aritfiil for th
KiuuuriuH. tuui wiii cfinLinue i.ne mixiiifuui n.r in nin
l;isi. wouta solicit a snare ot your patronage in the
mm,
Bellows Falls. Vt., Sept. 1st. 1870. 36
STUDY ECONOMY!
T this time when Farmers' 'produce will
buy only about one-half as many floods
as in former years, it stands every one in
hand to look about them and ascertain where
they can obtain thelargcst quantity of goods
for tbe least amount of money. Submitting
a few prices, we will leave it to the public to
judge where this mav be done.
FEINTS
Including Merrimac and cocheeo, 7 to 10c per jrrd.
BEST STANDARD COTTONS
14 per single yard, 13 per yard by the web,
GOOD BALMORALS ONE DOLLAR.
UNDER SHIRTS AND DKAWKRS
'rum Q2r wpwarrf.
LANCASTER GINGHAMS 16c per yard.
FLANNELS from 20c per yard upward, according
HEA VY REPELLANT $1.00 per yd.
SPLENDID JAPAN TEA
$1.10 per pound, or 3 pound, for 15,00
BEST NEW CASTLE SODA 8c per pound.
UNIVERSAL CLOTHES WRINlER-t7.00.
MEN'S 1st quality PTOH BOOTS two soles and Up
.Vt... rt.ij, inciuaing tue Lllta
IKK Make.
MEN'S 1st. quality, KIP, M Double Sole andTsp,
16 inch leg. 4.1i
MEN'S 1st. quality STOG BOOTS, 2 Soles. $3.75.
BOY'S 1st, quality BOOTS 2 Sole, and Up, Long
ie. i.t.
.And a good arieyof other GOODS in oar usual
oi'Jtvix, t cwreBponuing prices.
DON'T FAIL TO CALL
and see our bargains before jwr -chafing.
All kinds of PRODCCEItaken at Market raise in
exenange lor uoous.
Rcspctfully youra,
I. GLYNN SONS.
Cambridgeport, Oct. 5, 1371. 40
WELCH GRIFFITHS'
CELEBRATED
CIRri'LAR SAWS. 1
HAND SAffS, I U A W 2
WiMlD SAWS. I W
CROS6-CI T SAWS, of all decryptions.
Am Superior to all other.
EVERY SAW WARRANTED.
Perfect Satiffndiom GmiranltrJ,
W For sale by Hardware and Coantrjr Dealers,
and the Manufarturera.
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
14 141 Fettorml t.
ST. MINES' HALL.
A Hoarding and Jhy Scaool for Girls,
AT BELLOWS FALLS, VT.
The Winter Term will enmmeno. NOVEMBER
r'uli and continue Twenty Weeks.
J-'or Circular etc.. address.
.MISS JANK II AIM KlD. Principal.
1'IANOS AND ORGANS.
'PilESuWorider is aeotfur WILLIAM P. KMKK
X SON'tituf li"t..ru eelelirale.1 PIAMJ-KORTK
anil alxo lor J. KSTKf k Wl'li, CUT! A UK OIUIA.S
auU t'OKl A11LK M Kl.OUKoX. II. wil I. ell a. low
as any one auU neleol .very in.fruiuentbitnaelr, tbua
eeunu to the purchaser iutttruiueut which bav.
been eaamiueil ajitl ax, warrant!.
a UNKY HOLMES.
Orailon, Jan. 16, 1871.
J J RICK FOR KALE.
1- i I -1.' r. i i
.v. i.-i -.id iu niiuiuiirr, n PKmpiV TIAJ
be wiH at. filestore of Arm it WUIkoq in Bellow.
1 alia. Jfor further particular, inquire of the ,utMt-n-br-
D. A. U1LU4.
n outmintter, Aui. 1. 1K71. 31
Wanted Immediately,
CUSTOM COAT. PAN! AND VEST MAKERS.
V Experienced WorkmeD.oonetant employment
I. will be given, and beat prieus pttid. Apply
at oure to
S. H, GUILD.
40
Bellows Falls. Oot. 3d. laTl.
T
AVERN STAND FOR SALE.
That well-known hi AND at RRADIVO (Ham.
u.ondtfvi.llt)) V t., couuininK about r Ol K ACKtid of
ilLLAl.ti I,ANi. wiih runinn WATKK at th
ItOUnfclHQd BARN. IH lLlUNWrt in sood repair.
I'osotMfe.oit trivea to snath purchitter. J or further
(.earTtptifiQ etiiuii' of
feMIill UolHiKS, (south Poinfret, or GEORGE
11. bl CK, on the preiituM,
Hoadiim fcopt. Inili 39
Farm fox Ktvle.
WJAID FARM in tituated ia the oath-eut corner
of Anduver. Contain one bund rod and ten
aeros; twenty-five aoreH tillage ea nearly all be
mowed with Machine; the balance Wood-land and
rapturing; House convenient and in rood repair j
l.arn ana Out building; ltuiinius water to House
tnd burn from a never failing horinv Knid Kwm ia
tx mile lroiu Chen ter, two aud oue-balf from Sim
OQNVilJe, one-fourth mile from school' lhere are
good Apple and .Sugar orchards. Anyone wiihinc
Vj purchase, will do well to vail and examine it, will
be aoid cheap an tbe Subscriber wit-hew to ro VVet.
35-46 Anduver, Vermont
Farm lot tSixle.
'pllK SubHoriber wilt nell his FARM pleanautly slt-
uated near 8axttm Kivur, on the main road to
-wiv tt o i ons, uw u.-iai wi oi sjtj nurwi BUI itwiy U I V IU-
ti into T1LLAUK. ASITRE and WOOU, with
good aud convenient Buildings thereon, all in food
i pair. A ln a good anaortiueut of At'PLKS,
I fciAKS, I'LL MS and wKArEb im ean be found in
tue vicinity, in pood bearing condition. Also amall
l UAK OKt'llAKlJ. Water aooti and durable. A
targe bareof the purchase money can remain on the
l late. Also it desired about HO SHKK1V 1 IH.ksf-!
4 VKARLINU.-?, and all the H A V and GRAIN, and
UUiS on said farm, Pwweasion first of April or
e-touor if denired. L. J. KiCK.
Muttona River. Vt., Sept. 4th, ItfTl. 06
pAKM FOR SALE.
THE Subscriber beinr dmtirmin nf chano-ino- hi
1 iiiin?i?rt. now odera bis Farm fur SALti. rtituiLtAd in
-U.Sllt. M. 11. iSaid F.trm containa iiw aoree of
i mu cuiiHuiv uiviueu mio iiua, r&sturiDf and
Woodland, Guo t Apple and iSugar Orchard. Well
Watered, (iood ilouee. Ram and Out-buildinira all
in good repair. Said Farm within 4 utiles ot rail
road utile from Mill Village. 1 mile from church
aad I'ost-Ollico. Lhe Farm ia well wit Ind in with
g one wall and under a good utate of cultivation, and
in oe oia at a very tow price, xor lurtner partio-
tars auuresw
L. Mr. RLSSELL. Rellnwi l?all Vt.
or the Subscriber on the premises.
Goshen, N. H., Sept 30th, 1871. 40--Li
Farm ibr Male
fPHE Subscriber offers for sale the well known
-1 FARM, lateowned by SILAS 1A VIS. deueiuH
c nsistiugof about acres, and situated one-half
mile westerly ot lloughtonvtlle in the town oi Oraf
t n. Said farm is well adauted for tbe ases that n
euterprizing farmer generally values, containing a
goou propouiod of linage, Jiowmg, Grazing and
Woodland. It contains also a good Apple Orchard
ud Maples in abundance. The buildintrs consist of
a good lirick iloupe, a splendid Barn, all well finish
el and in complete repair. Water is plenty on the
f;.rm. the house and barn are supplied by unfailing
aud superior running water. The Farm is now ot-t-ired
at private sale, and if not sold previous to
January 1st next, it will then be sold at Public auc
tion. Purchasers in quest of a good farm, are invit
ed by the Subscriber, now living on said farm to call
aud examine for themsolves. Reference may ba
Lid of FRANCIS PiiELPS of (irafton village, for
information. JOHiK McQUAlDB.
Uratton. Vt., Sept. 19th. 1871. 38-52
BETTER AND CHEAPER
THAU ANT OTHER
BOOT3 OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE.
BETTER Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, are Water-proof, and are warranted
hot to nip or upe.
CHEAftiR because, while their first cost is not
inexoess of aewud or peKKd work of a like grade,
tbtiriurability is fax greater, they preserve their
Stmpe much butter, and the me tali o fastening insures
more tuuai ear,
Kqually applicable to tight and heavy work.
'1 lie immense demand having called forth imita
tions, consumers should be sure that every boot or
6 hoe bears the l'atent Stamp.
Sold by Dralrre Everywhere.
40-45
Com mi eel one re' Notice.
YrB, the Subcribers, being duly appointed by the
If Hon, Probate Court for tbe District of West
minster, Commissioners to receive, examine and ad
just all claims ami demands of all persons against
tneerttateoi llbKl UULMAS laieot Oration, m
taid IHstrict. d(foesed, and also all claims and de
mands exhibited in offset thereto and six months
from the FOURTH day of OCTOBER inst.. being
nil owed by said Court for that purpose, we do there-
lore hereby give notice, that we will attend to the
bugineffs ol our mid appointment, at the late dwell- -ing
house of suid deceased in GRAFTON in said
iMntriet, on the second WEONE-SUAYSof NOVEM
REK and MARCH next, from TEN o'clock a.m.,
until FOUR o'clock, p. on eaeh ot said days.
J.R. RLOOO. I Commissioners.
MART HOLMES I Vrnt,
SIDNEY UOLJSES. tort
October 6th, A. D.. 1S71. 41-43
Aeixirc'e
UNITED STATES COURT. trfcvrrafntD
the matter of GEO. C, WOROEN, Bankrupt, I here
by give notice thalon SATURDAY the 2th day of
OCTOBER, A. D., 1871, at TEN o'clock in the fore
noon at the residence of Geo. C. Worden in Dum-
mnralun in t h Uittnt w nf Wtmlhutn in gm.i lliatrw.t
IW1LL sell at Public Au tion to the highest bid
der, the following described property, to wiU:
One Stag, 9 years old, I Cow, 1 Calf. 1 extra 3-years-old
Colt, broke. 3 Hogs and 11 Pigs, 1 two-horse
Lumber Wagon in good running order. Neck-Yoke,
NYhitttetrees and Evener, 1 two-tiorse Traverse aled,
i work Harnesses nearly new. 1 Mowing Machine,
Ox bieds, 2 Yokes, 1 Cultivator, 1 Horse RAke, A
Drait Chains, Stake Chains, CaitlcTies, Jka.. I Cross
out Saw, new, 5 Cords of wood, 1 Manure Fork, 1
Shovel, 2 Cider Barrels. 3W pounds Plaster, 1 Stove.
1 Coou Robe, a lot of Hemlock lumber in the log. -Also
on stime day will be sold the F'ARM oa which
the said GEO. C, WORDEN now resides io Dura
merston, known as tbe EDWIN ELMER FARM,
subject to an incumbrance of the first day of
April 1K71. Also one other piece ot land situated
in Dover and Wards boro in said County containing
W0 acres. The above lotU. L. A G. C. Worden
bought of Wm. Johnson, in 1865, an undivided half
of sid land will be sold. Also 125 Spruce Iocs cut
and piled will be told on said lot.
CHAS. M. ADAMS.
Assignee o GEO. C. WORDEN, Bankrupt.
Marlboro, Oct. 6,171. 41-43
In BaMbrwptcy.
DISTRICT COURT OF THE I for the District of
UN IT ED STATES Vermont. In the
matter of ISAAC L. SARGENT of Brattleboro, Vt.,
Bankrupt.
WARRANT in Bankruptcy hat been tamed by
said Court ajrainst the estate of Isaac L. Sargent
State of Vermont, in said district, adjudged a bank
rupt upon tbe petition of his creditors; and the
payment of any debts, and the delivery of any Prop
erty belonging to said BankrupUto him or to his nse.
and thetranster of any property by him, are forbid
den by law. A meeting )of the Creditors of amid
bankrupt, to prove their debts and choose one or
more assignees of his estate, will be held at a Court
of Bankruptcy, to be holden at Brattleboro, in said
District en the 2oth day of OCTOBER. A. D. W71, at
7 KN o'clock A. M.,at the office of CLARK k HAS
KINS before Hon, A. UNDERWOOD one of the
Registers in Bankruptcy in said Court.
GEORGE P, FOSTER,
42-44 U, 6. Marshal as Messenger.
CommiealoMcr' Nfostcw.
VE THE Subscribers, being duly appointed by
Vf tbe Hon. Probate Court for the District of
Westminster, Commissioners to receive, ex am ice
nd adjust all claims and demands of all persons
against tbe estate of JOHN 11. KIMBALL, late of
lownshend. in said District, deceased, and also all
claims and demands exhibited tn onset thereto; ud
six months from tbe 2Hd day of September laat, be
ing allowed bynaid court for that purpose, we do
therefore hereby give notioe, that we will attend to
the bum newt of oar said appointment, at the late
dwelling house of Mid deceased, in Xownshend. in
said Dinri.-t.onthelastTUESDA,of NOVEMBER
and MARCH next, from K I N K o'clock A. M antd
FOUR o'clock, P. M. on each of said days
0. R. GAB FIELD
NATHAN PIERCE. V Commissioner.
FRANCIS KlDDEk. i
JOHN 8. FLLCKRTON. Adra'r.
Xowasaena. tov is a u-H
log in the rain.
i