Clmtemte Daily Header.
YOL.V.
Cheyenne Daily Leader.
'OmrlalPaper of the United Stem.
rxnuMtnv daily. kxckpt sunlay, bt
EdUor and Proprietor.
•^Bir
PROCLAMATION
t JJT TUg GOV MINOR.
<»f the United State* having ap
pointed Tkntaday, the Bdth day of Novcinbor 1671.
as a day of Tnanke'fiving nnd Prayer. 1 recom
mend that the jH-.ople of the Territory of Wyoming
<levote the day designaied to a pub ic recognition
of the ahuoda«iiMercies with which we have iu
dividaaU) add a< a people beerr blessed, and with
humble, grateful and loving heart* to supplicate
Almighty God for a continuance of Hi* goodlier*.
“And ye shall eat iu plenty and be satisfied. and
S raids t tie name, of the Lo’d y«>nr God that hpth
ealt with you.”
Given under oiy hand and the great seal of the
at Chevenne this fourth day or Novem
ber, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one
and of the independence. tho United States the
ninety sixth, J. A. CAMPBELL.
[l. s.]
JJy the Governor:
11. Glatckr, Secretary of the Tetritory.
—Denver has inaugurated a new
railroad enterprise. It is- the con
struction of a narrow gauge road
from that place west, through the
moan tains to Salt Lake City. The
proposed course is along the South
Platte to Middle Park, thence by the
most direct route to Halt Lake. This
route will open up thousands of acres
Os the finest mineral, timber, agri
cultural and pastoral lands in the
world, and will do more for Colorado
than all the railways site now has,
put together. It is proposed to com
plete the road In two years.. The pro
jectors are W. S. Jackson, of the Rio
Grande Railway, Chas. B. Lamharn,
of ttie Kaunas Pacific, audex-Gov. A.
0. Hunt, of Denver, all men of enter
prise, and ability for the task before
them.
—Rev. Dr. Bellows, of New York,
preached a sermon entitled Moral
Ashes,” which concludes with the
admonition: There is no sin so
great as political corruption, except
political Indifference to it. To
throw off this in the face of party,
of threatening place-holders, of or
ganized corruptors and ruin, Is our
immediate duty, and God grant you
may be as one man, united in doing
it by your ballots and your voices,
and your upright and patriotic
hearts*
—A young man named Pricker,om
nibus agent of the Kansas Pacific rail
road, committed suicide Monday
night at the latter place, liis father
was kindly remonstrating against his
dissipation, and remarked that he
would rather follow his son to the
grave than see him a drunkard.
Thereupon the young man replied,
“Here goes, litlier,” and instantly
put a pistol to his own head, and dis
charged it. He died in three min
utes.
—Word came to the (own council
of Edinburg, Scotlaud, that the rope
of the chief bell had given way. it
was necessary to decide whether it
should be spliced at a cost of two shil
lings, or replaced with a new one at
n cost of two and sixpenso. Three
solemn dinners were held, costing £lO
each, and it was finally decided, on
the score of economy, that the rope
had better be spliced. They declared
“as faithful stewards of the public
funds, they were hound to be care
ful.”
—One of the drollest occurrences in
the annals of gallantry is related of
Gibbon, the historian, who was short
in stature nnd very fat. One day, be
ing alone with the beautiful Madame
de Cronzns, lie dropped on his knees
iu front of her nnd made a declara
tion of love in the most passionate
terms. The astonished lady rejected
his suit, and requested him to rise.
The abashed historian remained on
liis knees. “Rise, Mr. Gibbon, I be
seech you rise.” “Alas! mndame,”
faltered the unlucky lover, “I can
not." He was too fat to regain liis
feet without assistance. Madame do
Oronzas rang the hell, nnd said to her
servant, "Lift up Mr. Gibbon."
CHEYENNE, WYOMING, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1871.
General Not**
The Spragues will be buried under
a SIOO,OOO monument.
Among udder supplies, London
consumes the milk of 22,750c0w5.
The President of Yule College ad
vises his students to fire above the
mark they Intend to hit. He is,
doubtless, of Irish origin.
Mrs. Wilson still lives at Lime
Rocks, where she achieved her repu
tation, and calls herself Ida Lewis—
the name by which she fa Ida-lized.
A fish store in Somerville, Mass.,
has a sign on which is painted “Le
viticus xi.; 9th and 10th verses.” A
reference to,that part of the Scriptures
wiil show the application.
Five fashionable and leading New
York clubs have succumbed within
the past four yeqgs, which speaks
well for the increase of domestic vir
tues and married felicity in Gotham.
The folly of punishing youth in
Pittsburgh has been fitly exploded by
a persecuted child, who, locked up in
his mother’s room, broke open her
trunk, stole $75, and decamped there
with over the sheds and fur away.
Enoch Arden recently returned to
Fort Wayne, Indiana, and deapqided
that Philip Ray should be kicked
out. Annie declared she would break
a shovel over Enoch’s head if lie
loafed another nay in the neighbor
hood, whereupon he returned, with
much profanity, to his island and
palm tree.
Another new poet has suddenly
popped up in England, and Rossetti
has introduced him to the literary
world. He is described ‘as being an
old man, who lias lor years lived in
sucli seclusion that lie has road noth
ing-in poetry since Pope and DryiTen,
and his name is Dr. Ha!:o. Sori/mer’x
ifor.llily, ever on the aiert for a nov
elty in literature, lias secured a poem
by tliis venerable new poet, entitled
“Too Blind Boy -a Parable,” which
will appear in tlie,«Deceinber number
of that magazine.
TIMBER CUTTERS
Unjted Statt* Land Bi*tuict or Wyomino.
ciiKYE.’rNi:. Wyoming Tvrkitory,
HcgisU r'b Office, Nov. 10, 1871.
To IVhom U ilcy Concern
The oflicer* of thi* lar.d district have received
instruction* from the Honorable Commissioner
of the General Laud Qfllco. dated October 25:h,
1871, In relation to the protection of timber on
the public land*. It authorize* this office to
negotiate for ;lie cutting of timber on the public
lands in (hi* Territory.
It provides that panics reaping large profit*
from the pur*uit of such buisiue**, “uniat pay a
ren*onuble tariff per WOO feet of timber sawed,
hewn timber, c.o'd wood or other description of
timber,’' taken from the public land’. Iu ac
cordance wii h these Instruction*, notice ic here
by given.
First. Tbit nny person or person* whomsoever
who have taken, or caused to be taken, or who
have cut, or eau*ed to be cut, from the public
land* in Wyoming territory, timber of auy do-
HCription, including cord wood, v» i report to
thlsofflce t be number of 1 ,OOJ feet of raid material
on hand, on and after thin date.
Second. From and after till* dale, auy person
or pcr*on« engaged either directly or indirect)-,
in cutting or mking timber of any doeription
whatever from the public land* in Wyoming Ter
ritory. without special authority from thi* office,
for any other purpose than that which i* actually
necessary for the improvement of the.r respect
ive individual claim*, lawfully held under flu*
homestead or pre-emption net*, will be deemed
trespasser* on the public land*.
Third From nnd after the first day of Decem
ber, 1871, all tlnibe of whatever description,
including cord wood, that haH been cut or uk- n
from the pnblfc land* li; Wyoming Territory, and
not accounted for to thi* office. will be seized and
sold to the highest bidder And lha party or par.
tie* engaged therein, will he prosecuted under
the law. by direction of the Commissioner of the
Geueral Lund Office.
8. n. Winror, Register.
Frank Wolcott, Receiver. i.ovll-tdeclO
MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
'SS-market.-'^3l
Tlic Rent Market in (lie City.
L. R. BHKSNAHKN,
DEALER IN
FRESH ASiD TREATS
Game, Finh.
SIXTEENTH STREET, next to P.
WlUon’a Bank.
WK PRINT ALL KINDS OF
Business Cards
THE LOWEST RATES.
TELEGRAPHIC!
RBPORTKD EXPRESSLY FOB Til* LEADER.
NIGHT REPORT.
Duke Alexis’ Whereabouts
New York City Matters.
Tweed’s Probable Flight.
Incendiarism in Chattanooga
A Chapter of" Murders.
A New Colorado Railroad.
Interest’s Washington News
Quarantine, Staten Isr.Afm,
Npv, 12. r—The Russian clipper
Abfet-k, O.ipt, Shantz, thirty-two
days from Maderia, anchored in the
lower bay last night. Cupt. Schantz
says that he parted company with
the Admiral about twenty-seven days
ago, and that their arrivtl here may
be expected at any. moment. The
Ahreck was boarded by the revenue
cutter Northerman at seve u o’clock
this morning.
New York, Nov. 12.—Chas. O’Con
nor said yesterday that Tweed was
making all the preliminary step that
then take when they seek to escape
from justice by flight to a foreign
Innd. The police would not be very
active in arresting him now, even if
lie fnin.niUroof ncwlj crjiilil rri-se
them power, and would lint help the
the T’nited States by informing of
his movements. O’Connor believes
that Tweed will certainly fly, and
states there are many impediments
in Ids way. He didn’t think he
would be the only prominent criminal
who would quit the country, but
wherever they go in Europe they
will find that they eannot remain
with impunity. They will be fol
lowed wherever the law can follow
them.
Mrs. J. C. Ives, a young married
lady, residing in Lafayette avenue,
Brooklyn, committed suicide by
jumping from a second story window
on Friday last. She was suffering
from a puerperal fever.
Charleston, S. C.,Nov. 12.—N0
deaths from fever have occurred dur
ing the past few days. The loading
physicians advise their patients that
they may come back, ami a large
number have already returned. The
the city council have ordered a day
of prayer and thanksgiving on ac
count of the abatement of the disease.
There was a heavy white frost here
this morning.
Chattanooga, Tenn., Nov. 12.—A
fire was discovered tills morning at
one o’clock in l'isher Brothers’
fwelry store, corner Eighth and
Market streets, destroying a square
nnd a half of the business portion of
the city. The loss is estimated at
$75,000; insured about $30,000. The
fire was the w ork of an incendiary.
The city was tired in two other places,
but the flames were extinguished.
Fifteen supposed Chicago despera
does, arrived here from Memphis
last night, and suspicion points to
them. A largo number of persons
were arrested for committing robber
ies-
St. Louis, November ll.—A hor
rible murder was committed near
Osage Mission, Kansas, on the night
of the Gth instant. The facts elicited
at the coroner’s inquest areas follows:
John P. Flannagan, the perpetrator
;of the crime, who had recently met
with pecuniary losses, resolved todis
patch himself and family, and on the
the 6th instant procured chloroform,
and during the night admlniatered it
to his wife and two little girls, aged i
ten months and two years. About
four o’clock In the morning Mrs.
Flannagan awoke from the stupor pro
duced by the chloroform and discov
ered her husband in the act of driving
ten-penny nails into the head of one
of the children, and flying to the tea
cud of her babes, she found them expi
ring from the effects of blows inflict
ed with the hatchet and nails. She
succeeded in disarming her husband
and gave the alarm and he was taken
into custody. A letter was found
tacked to the .wall of the room ad
dressed tij some of his relations, in
whifch lie states, In consequence of ids
mind being in such a condition tiiat
he could not do anything he deter
mined to kill himself and family, ex
cepting his son Clarence.
This morning a family named
Parks was found murdered in their
house near Henryville, Indiann, con
sisting of Cyrus M. Parks and liis
wife Isahella, a son, John, aged ten,
nnd two daughters, Eveline, nged
seventeen, and Ellon, aged fifteen
years. All were terribly beaten and
crushed with some blunt instrument.
Tlie brains of Parks, his wife and son
were scattered about. They were
lying on liedo. Tlie daußhtcis were
found sitting in the kitchen alive, but
fatally hurt. Shots had been heard
in the night by tlie neighbors, but
the bodies bear no bullet marks. In
formation was promptly forwarded
to tlie police here. Mr. Parks was a
leading member of the church un i
much esteemed in the community.
No clue has been obtained to the
murderer. Great excitement prevails
in tho vicinity, siinutct the vll-
lain be discovered he will prouuuiy uv
instantly lynched.
Denver, Nov. 12.—Articles of in
corporation of the Denver and Salt
Lake Railroad were tiled sos record,
in this city, yesterday. Tlie proposed
route is along the South Platte to
Middle Park thence by most feasi- j
ble route to Sait Lake. The road will
be of the same gauge as the Denver
and Rio Grande and Leavenworth
and Denver Railroads. It will pass
through the best timbered region of
the Rocky Mountains, and, ii is be
lieved, will shorten tlie distance from
Denver to Silt Lake two hundred
mi les. The incorporators are W. S.
Jackson, C. B. Lamb >ru and A. C.
Hunt. ___
Washington, Nov. 12.—The state-
nrents that several Spanish war ves-
sels had left Cuban waters f>r the
purpose of seizing the Hornet tire pro
nounced untrue, The Spanish au
thorities have already been advised
that serious trouble may result, should
tlie Hornet be seized while slit is un
der the American flag, and especially
as it is not known that she has viola
ted tlie neutrality laws. While it
cannot positively be asserted that she
is privileged to carry our flog, lu-r
true character, nevertheless, is a ques
tion for civil investigation, and not
to be determined alone bv Spanish
authorities, with the aid of a naval
force.
Another subject in this connection
forms tlie basis of complaint by the
Spanish government, namely Not
long ago the Spanish Consul at Port
a Prince made a demand on the
Hnytien nuthorit.es for the surrender
»f tlie Hornet, hut was refused, our
Minister there having uttered u strong
protest against it, and also against
Spanish menace. Some time as.-r
these proceedings the Spanish Con
sul, while passing the wharf where
the vessel lay, was loudly derided oy
her erew, which is said to consist of
about two hundred colored sailors.
In consequence of these proceedings,
the Consul returned to tiis consulate
ami took down his flag, and tlie fact
of ttie alleged iimignliy has been coin
-1 municuted to our government, and
NO. 48.
thus the matter now stands, with no
irospect of an immediate settlement
of the questions at issue, nnd in the
meantime Port an Princess virtually
blockaded by a Spanish vessel,Hayti
lieing too feeble to demand respect for
her neutrality.
San Francisco, Nov. to.—The
United States Grand Jury at Tucson,
Arizona, make formal charges against
tlie managers of the Indian reserva
tions of that territory, showing that
the Apaches are allowed leave to go
on tiie war path at will, specifying
numerous murders committed hy the
Indians direct from Camp Grant,
and charging that the Indians were
supplied by the agents with arms,
ammunition, etc., and their women
prostituted by officers in their charge,
MISCELLANEOUS.
•T. S. M. HAWKINS, M. I).
Professor of medicine.-spectui m.
tt*nilon Klvfln ®o (he disease* ot women
and children. Office. Rollins House Block
Sixteenth Street. Cheyenne. angtfti-lf
11. GARBANAII,
Attorney and counselor-at-law,
—Office. Whitehead'* block, Eddv street
Cheyenne. Wyoming. Will practice in ail rtia
court* of the Territory. septS-ly
POSEY S. WILSON",
BASTKBR.
NKW BRICK BLOCK, Sixteenth *t., near
son. Cheyenne, Wyoming, transact* gr
era] blinking business
Carriage and Wagon Ruling!
BY A. B. BIJTLy*
Thome* Street, between Sixteenth Seventeenth.
THE undersigned (could re*p c, ll *'y lu v e
tent ion to the fact ibat h has e*ianll*hoa
himself, ns above, where he** prepared to at
tend to all order* for
WAGON CAHKIAG2S BEPAIBINO,
nnd woodwork of similar 0,1 agricultural
iinpU».niu -Ln A. I«W—W'f’T psfa
roua-'c is soliciied, and *aU#f |l <MioH giAsenfeed.
H. O-LAFCKE,
Real Estate,Collecfcion&Loan
AGENCY.
Office co. nar Seventeenth end. Dodge Streets.
WILL BUY AND BF.LL Rl\L ESTATE OIY
Commission, colleot relt* nnd other ac
counts in all part* «>f tho Xernory; also, wfll
transact h Genetal Loan and Lmiuisßiou busi
ness. Particular attention givd to the propep?
of non residents. Parties haing property
I any kind for sale or for rent, ardhutted
particular* to the shove office. V» chores nn'es*
n transfer is eliecied. De-.-ds nil Bill* of Sale
made out. 00.184-ts
ADMINISTRATRIX nTICE.
Letters of administrate upon thee*
tate of In. M. Glidden, decent,*!, having been
granted to the undersigned on ll- l lth day of
October, A. l;., 1871, all persen* living claims
aigaihst su'.d c. iale tire required tjexhiuit them
for nllowanc within si months tun sai l date,
or they mav bo precluded from iheleneflt of said
estate; anti if such claim* be not ebilbUed with*
I in one year from thouatc of said letlrs, they shall
be forever debarred.
ALICE A. GOODEN.
''o'dia-Sw Adiinistratiix.
1 PLUMBAGO.
T' HE l-M'MHWH} M:NINCI COMPANY. !ncn»-
porated ruder tho law of Wviming Territo
ry, now otll.r for sale i. limited nuliher of share*
of stock in th ir con. .any for purpose of
raising a fund to operate their nine. Parties
who buy vs will not lie assess’d upon the r
slock for opening said mine as Hit lncorpoutiun
agree to opei and develop the mine from thu*
proceed* of., ties u? filis’ic* to the amount of
Five Hundred Dollars, O.llcu in rear ofbniidlng
occupied hv J. «I. iic'.iey. In the City of Chey
euQe, W, 'l', -I- KELLY, President.
GkorokT. Waixacs. Sec’vand frea*.
THE LEADER
Issued each day, exoi-pt Sunday,andean.aimug
a eai tount t ag new wntirtl
local, and clrct\l.‘ i:ng w idelv throughout Wyo
ming and tlie adjneen: section* of tlie Rocky
Mountain region*- render* it the
Best, AL erasing Medium
TN TJIR r'MTNTRY
E. NAGLE^
Bi;CCKSSOB To P*MT A NAGLE,
Wlml-snlo ur d R lull
Grocer Commission Merchant,
I) KSPrCTFULI Y cans tlie attention of tho
XV *ub icin general to t;> Fresh eno Coinplelo
hi ck ot Staple in.-; Fitiuy Oto eerie*. Green and
Dried Fruits. Gat. ed tioods. Flour. Grain nnd
Provisions, all of which are offered at lowest
Market Prices. Corner of Seventeenth and Fcr
gu- >n streets. Choveitno. W. T.
i:, Especial ntt titui given to Order- nnd I'ls
i couuts to the Trailo. K. NAGLE.
I ociiSdtf
r 1 la i Gil NOTICE.
ETTJ BtUNJS'I ila'i ION up" i lie ur
J j tate of Fredilck Sc! la l Id r, deceased, hnilng
1 l,“oil framed to the unuert ignod on the 11th tlay
('of October. A. D 1871, Jtil persons having claim*
if, ill list said estate are reqi.ired to exhibit them
lor allowance within si n*onth* from said date,
t I nr they may be precluded from the b< neflt of said
esluie; atui if such c!•• ’r* be not exhibited with
I in orte year from the date of salt! letters, they
shall h»* fi rever debarred. LKOPOI D K ABIS.
I uciSl JJw Aduilulstralor,