-i I
The Daily Intelligencer, a a, y M 4 I M The Weekly lutelligencer
rf\t it Tll li i\ iili-iv a ^BMr !I
tj5g=?$jm si^nt WViftwnw nWff illlirilljr^ fT -?ssf=Dell
wod by CVrlcra.'uer wook'' is ?li4ilo Copy, lor ouu yoar, In advaucu,....$ 1 50
1. ,l #lx monthu 1 00
Clubaof Ten 13 00
TKRMB OF BKMI-WUKLY _ "of Klflocu 18 00
MfcES*ll v(>l- xx- WHEELING, W. VA? WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 13,1871. NO. 95. i|S?teS???i8
For Rent.
POK KENT?AG()()]) DWELL1NU
liouno of hIx room', km and Hijj
water, hi luutu ou John eLroei. l'oaacaalmi
April 1?U Apply to b. L. CUTHBEUT,
d.'Cl'J _ Monroe licet.
CJTEBN Hoi) II()USE FOR**
D HUNT.
In thorough repair for tlratclaaa Boarding
liouno. Applj at the houau or to.
Uncll _ UKO. W. TIlOMI'HON.
p?)H KENT! g?
i no more uoouia bow orcapied Uj la. rnutk
A. L. KRAFT BHO.,
nov27 110 Main Street.
FOR HENT.-TIIK spacious#*
iHt and 3<l atory Warurouuia and E jl
<-fllar heueuth, on the Kaat aide of Market ML
atreet, and adjoining the Grocery a tore of H. J.
Smyth, occupied at present by the Meaara. Hubbards
ua Furniture warerooma. They have a
depth ol 110 fret and a front of 83 feet; the lower
story front of which ia tilled with plate glass.
The location Ii No. 1, and recommends itaelf to
any bualneaa requiring the apace It offers. 1'oai*fi*olou
the lit of April.
novlfl WM. PAXTON. 4th tlrcct.
For kent.-tiie three#&
atory Store Houae and Dwelling, on Hifl
Main Ktreet, directly opposite the Grant I'll
Iiouae. aud at present occupied by Wlnzenried A
Hon, Watchmakers and Jewelcra. To a Rood
tenant, if dealred, the premises will be material-
I y altered and improved. Its proximity to the
(irant llomo and inspection bridge make Ik a
commanding builneel itjmd. PuaaeiBlon April
lit. Apply lo.
ii'ivlo WM. PAXTON, 4th atrcot
For Sale.
I \N TUB I S L A N 1).?Fu I! dtitv
V 7 HALB A Frame Honaoof 4 rooms, U
mu?1 lut 44 by llti MiA
decW H. Cl'TnBBRT,Monroo Hi.
PWENTV-HIX ACRES OF 0000
L Bottom Land, rich coil for garden purposes,
ptuiati* 1 miles above Wheeling. Price $200 per
acre. Kor sale by
decl'J _ BERT, Monroe Bt^ 1
AFAltM OF 110 ACHES IN 11EA-
VKU county. Pa., for sale by
deoll H. r.rrTHHBRT,Monroo HI.
"jpAHM FOll SALE,
Containing 100 acres, all under cultivation, five
miles from the city, on the ridge hetweeu Glen's
Hun and the Ohio river. No better neighbor-
hood or bettor laying Farm in the county.
docll I. IRWIN, Agent.
y^HsiaNEE'S HALE. i
The undersigned will sell at Public Auction to
the highest bidder, commencing j
THURSDAY, December Slat, at 10 o'clock a. j
ui the Store No. 88 Main Htreet, in the cltyol
Wheeling, In lota by catalogue, the entire stock
of Boots and Blioes of the late Arm of R. Porter
,t Co. Thla aale offers to the merchants ol tlila
rlty and anrroundlnif country facilities for re- l
plenishing their atock rarely to be met with, aa
there will be found In ft. inoat all the urades of
regular goods sold by the trade. comprising io
part Women's Misses1 nnd Children'* Leather, t
Morocco and (.ailing Bhoes, Men'*. IIojh' and
Youths' Hoots and Brogatm; a very large assortment
of Men aCalf, Kip and heavy lloois, Men's
and Women's Jlubber Overshoes, with mauy
tylcs and patterns of each which cannot bo here t
?numerated, consisting altogether or some three
hundred packages.
Catalogue* can l>o procured at tho storo ou the H
day previous to the sale, when all who desire
may have an opportunity of inspecting the goods.
Male positive, and to continue Iroui duy today
until all Is sold.
Tihns?Blxty days credit on all sums amount-
liitf to $100 aud upwards, for approved notes pay-
able at hank. It. 1'. STOI.L.
dsclt Assignee of K. Porter A Co. j
TpUltNITUUE POIi BALE.
A gentleman who recently had occasion to fur
nlsh a house, and who luts since broken up house- I
keeping, now oilers tho Furniture for Hale It Is
new and good and will bu Bold at a eacriilce i
For information Inquire at the lutelllgencer
Office. dec7
gAIiB OF KEG CADDY HTUK1\
AT T1IR
KEG I BARREL FACTORY OF HENRY QRINNELLA CO. 1
Wheeling, W.Va.
Will he sold at tho said Factory, on 8ATUH-
DAY, December Iflth, at 10 o'clock a. m., forac- ci
fount And rink of lliu Van Wort Btavo Company,
of Van Wert, Ohio, a lot of Imperfect patent keg
ninl cailily etuir, now In itoro at said Factory. d
il?5 IIRNRV OI1INNBLL It CO._ 1
01LIZA JANE ZANE, SAMUEL f
J Hprlgg Zane, Cordelia Carr and Milton T.
Citrr, JJoau Zat.e, Hophla Eiinion aud Alexander
Ku-ton, and I'lntofT Zafte.
Daniel 0. List, Trnstoo
^1 n ^Chancery, Circuit Court for Ohio county, j
In pursuance of a decreo of Mid Court made
Iii this causo on the Mth day of December, 1870, n
I will offer fofialo.tm
FRIDAY, tho iBth day Of Dumber, 1871,
?t tha front door of tho Court House tor Ohio .1
county, West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a. 1
tho following real citato, lying In the city of U
Wht ttllng, on the west ildo or Main street, viz:
The two VMlunbfo stores now Occupied by 1>. 1,
A. Adler A Co. and by I'oter Ifi. Zlnti and others,
lylni; between the houses occupied by llnrbour V
?v Dlttnian and H, Kline. Also the property on (j
wine side of Main street now occupied by the
shoo storo of Richard Porter, adjoining house
owned by J. D. Sbeppard.
Tinas or Balk?Oio-flfth of purchaso to be t
paid In cash and the balanco In one-two, three 1
uiid four years from day or sale, wliiriutorest, n
notes wltn good security to bu given tot tho du- h
lerred payments, and needs of trust, at tho exjieuie
of tho purchaser, a? fUrtlu-r security on
the property sold. r
novlS _ _ DANIBIi C. LIST, Trustee.
Exkcutohs' hale of iu-:al
BHTATH
tn pitrraaftco ot the w0L?'f Mttihi Kn?*, deceased,
the nriderslgnett will, oil
FRIDAY, tho I51li day or Hoc., 1871, J
at the front door of tho Court House for Ohlp
county. West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a. a
loll tho following valuable property, lying oti h
the west side of Main ttftat In the city or Wheel- n
Ing, being lot No. two (8) and part of lot No. one j
?I), being tho same noW occupied hy Harbour A I
Dltttnan, bjQeorgo W. fcckltartand M, C. Hino, t
and by the dwelling limisu formerly occupied by i
Mrs, Martha Knox In her lllbtlmu. t
Tkhmi or BAi.*-One-fonrth of the purchase |i
money to b? paid In cash, or an mnoh more aa the
purchasers may choose to pay; tho remainder In i
four nnnual payments, with Interest from date 2
payable semi annually. Negotiable notes to bo
Rlvun for the deferred Instalment*, to bo aeenred I
by deeds of trnst and satisfactory Insurance on I
property, at tho eiponio of the purchaser. (1
JAMES P. ROGERS, C
D. C. LIST,
ftOtH Executors of Martha Knox, dee'd. _
jWKLMNO HOUBR
FOIt SALK. f
I offer for sale the hone in which I now re- Hffk t
Ude, situate on John street, a few doors n|0
past of Fifth. The honse a snbsfantlnl JUL
two story brick containing eight rooms, he- I
sbb-s a bath room and kitchen, and a finished j
attic, with a good cellar, hot and cold water In i
t?uh rooms. Tho hoaiola In good order and 1
well I orated and In every way a desirable prop-
"ty, being bnt a little over a fqnaro from tho
Host Office. There Is also on the premises a good
n.RICK STABLE,
nffldent for four horse*, and a carriage honsa.
Anyone wishing to pnrchase can examine tho
premises at any time.
epttS JNO. F. MrDERMOT.
tBtiAKD lots fok bala j
Having Hold all the lota offered atfflOOeach,
except two. I now offer ten lots fronting on tho
fast side of Rim and Cheatnnt streets and extending
to the river. Price from |500 to $1,000
each, according to size and location. Terml, I
on^foarth cash, residue In eqoal Installments At j
one, two and three years.
_ JNO. P. GILCHRIBT.
t?"RH At Top Mill.
?ktfaMltgfH?r.
Tuk 1'ebt I [oust?The milter <>l providing
a small pox hospital was hat
evening confldcd by Council to a spcdal
comiuiltce, composed ol such ejtellent
matorial, that wo conUdently Uopc now
something adequate to the needs of tho
the ease will bo done.
Wii aregratillcd in being able to report
tluil the First Branch ot Council lastevening
took Iroin the table ami panned tlie
resolution adopted by tho Second Uranch
at a previous meeting, raising a special
committee to devise a unilorui system ?f
naming tbo streets and alleys, and of
numbering the bounce, throughout the
P.ltv. Tllia Iniiku 1 ilf?? nrnurosiH.
Tnic proposition to exempt the property I
ot the lialtimoro Ohio Kaiiroad within
the limits of Wheeling from oil city tnxa-
tion, past present and luturc, was the subject
of a report submitted by Uie lWlroad 1
Cominittco last evening to Second Branch
ol Council. Tho Committee reported in
favor ol Uio release. The report wu la-
bled and made the special order for a i
meeting of Council Thursday evening. I
8mali<-Pox hy Mail.?A young lady
now ill with small-pox in this city recent-
ly received a letter from a sister in Pittsburgh,
who wrote that sbu was then sick 1
with tho small-pox. Exactly eleven days
ifU'r tho letter was received the young
lady who received it was taken will! the J
ilisease. Bhu was not exposed to It ill any
itbcr way, and there seems to be no doubt
tho contagion was communicated hy the
[otter.
Moral?Small-pox patienta should not
write to their friends.
Tllie hill lnlrn<w.>.t Inf.. tlia Mail.
iti?by Senator Bumnor abolishing tho
nternol revenue system, will contain
unong other Important sections tin- ful- I
owing: "No income tux shall bo assess- t
3d on or after tho lirat day of January, t
1872; hut assessment* made before such
late ubail be coilcctcd." If tho bill pauses v
with this section unamended, it will wipe
>nt the Income tai for this year, as under j
ho present law, assessments could not bo
nado until March, 1072.
'f im New York reporters have adopted
be Kusslan stylo. Ilero is a sample Item: 1
A dispute aroSo yesterday in a State a
trcet vodkishop between twotchiiHwnlks
imployed in the Custom House with re-
;ard to the dismissal or Tom Murphy.
>no ol them waa rash enough to cull the
ither sabakoutchelovck, winch led to 1
(lows. A lioutosnik was called in, and <1
ly tho free use of his club succeeded in c
Bringing both or the dtiroks to reason." t|
It cost tho city of lioston if 10,(100 lor
ho purl It took in laying the cornerstone
if the poet ocfllo, and the entertainment of
'resident (I rant and other guests on the 11
iccaslon.
A Cutlon (Hlciiliilion.
The lioston 1'iine*puts lorth the fullowng
problem: j
Wahtkd?Alt Anbwkh.?Hiippoaaltlo Hl
10 ono hundred milea from Boston to j?
'ortiand. A locomotlvo Htarta at twelve
I'clock from lioston; going fllty miles the
Irat hour, twtnty-flv? miles the second, 11
welvo mill A hull mile* tho third, ami BO
m each hour traveling halt tho rcmninlng a
ifltunee, when will It reach tho depot at h
'ortiand? A reward ol (1,000 nwuits j
ny perwon who, by a mathematical calcuitlon,
can nrrivo at the exact hour. ,j
A correspondent of tho Now Ynr!c
fommerrtal answers; d
I bog leitvo to Bay of tho man wlnv "encm
for Iho pri/.o" o( a thousand dollars,
1 wish ho may get It." Accordion to
ny calculation, ut the end of tho tliircentli
hour the locomotive will Imve
raveled ninety-nine milca, anil nine liunreil
and ninety-nlno thousand nine liunred
and ninety-nine and a Iraetion milontllS?Oil,
91)1),1)91M,000,000; and that,
leloro it overcomes tho final fraction
irhich would change all those n(Ml,
xcopt tho flrat, into cyphcre, the Angel
I tho Apocalypse will have proclaimed
There Bhall bo time no longor." If,
herefore, my calculation la corrcot, tho J5
loston Timet will hardly announce who J;
;ets that thousand dollars I
Hero is a nut for our correspondent; "IL
id crncx. umi nu uu 11. I
ii i ii i l i i i o
ALEXIS
AT IIOSTON?KUTUnR MOVKMRNTfl.
Hoston, December 12.?Tlie (Irani)
)uke und fiiltii UitUv visited several of j|
!iu puliljc schools. The Duke appeared
cry highly Interested, nod rei|iiostd
the Superintendent to favor him with
onto ol the school statutes, reports, ruled
ind regulations. The following to the
imposed route of the Grand Duko i lie
wives Bolton Thursday morning for Hon- ti
re*l| Arriving thcro Friday and remain- a
ng until Monday, when he leaves for Ot- C
awa. On Tuesday lie leaves Ottawa tl
nr Toronto, remaining there until Friday, si
flion lie leaves Tor Niagara, and tho neit d
lay arrives at l)uf!alo, On Tuesday, the c
nth, he leaves Voflato for Cleveland, n
hiThurdaj, tlie 28th, lie leaves thcro for si
)etroll, ftnd on Saturday, the UOtli, leaves ii
Jetroit lor Chicago. In casool tho death
if the I'rince of Wales this route may he
hanged.
TORONTO. 1
Toronto, OUT., December 13.?'inc g
ixcitemcnt reearilinR the Princo ol Wale* 0
sintense. Tile papers arc Issuing oMraa
very hall liour.
No public demonstration* will lie
nade on tlio arrival ol (Irand Duke
Uejis, who Is expected hero Thursday. g
tlo will be received privately by a cor-
.Miration committee.
SOUTII CAROLINA.
C'oi.i'MniA, Dee. 12.?In the United J
States Circuit Court. to-day, K. llaynn
Mitchell, of Now York, wna arrniKncd 1
under the Ku Kiux law on a chargo of
ronnpirncy. The jury constat* ol two
whites and ten bUcks.
?A bridge on the Cincinnati A Imlianipolis
.function rsilroad, fourteen miles 1
Ronth of Connersvillo, was destroyed hy l
fire, Monday. Length of bridge, MX) feet, n
Less $12,000. I
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PRESS HBPOBT.
Exclunlvelj to Uis Intelligeurer.
(By the Western Union Lino.
Ufflco North-wot cor. of Mtlo and Monroo ita.)
THE PRINCE Of WALES.
The Origin of 1IU Ilium*.
from the London Times tlmt llie Prince
contracted his illness ut Lord Landesborough's
house, near Bcarborough, Yorkshire.
Several guests who visited the
house at the time were attacked by the
fever. Among them was the Karl of Chesterfield,
who has sinco died.
Another English journal, in speaking of
the Prince's disease, says there seems to
be a liability of this kind of an attack in
the present branch of the Koyal family.
Hie Duke of Kent, Queen Victoria's father,
died from a cold fever, said to have
been produced by sitting in damp boots
iftcr returning from shooting. Prince
Albert, the Queen's husband, died from
the consequences of n neglected cold. The
present illness of the Prince is said to
kavobeon produced by a rbiU following
excessive heat And exertion in sporting.
his condition unaltered at noon ykbtehday.
London, December 12?2 i?. m.?The
jfllcial bulletins to-day are as follows:
"Saudiunoii^m, 8 A. m.?1pie i'rinco
md a very restless night. His delirium
vas constant. There wero no signs of
mprovement at noon. Tho Prince lias
Jpmi rewtIi'hh nil mornimr. Ilia onndillnn
a unaltered.
IUMOIW INDICATING A KAVOKA1ILK TUItN.
London, December 12?5 p. u.?There
ire rumors that Incident# have occurrcd
it Sundringham which indieato a more
avorablo state of affairs. Nothing defllite
has yet been given to the public, oud
he report is given with caution.
London, Dec. 12.?The latest bulletin
cads as follows:
"8ani)Hinuiiam, Dec. 12?5 i\ m.?'The
'rinco Iiuh been somewhat less restless
his altcrnoon. His general condition 1h
mchanged."
London, Dec. 12?7 i?. m.?Private ond
inollicial advices from Handringham and
Yindsor, received by the Central I'rcRs
'Jews Agency, hold out some slight hoj>o
it a favorable turn in the 1'rince's disease.
Plie patient's voice remains strong, a proof
hat nature is not completely exhausted,
riio preparations which were making
gainst an unfavorable result are relaxing,
'lie telegram sent from Hanilringham to
Viudsor is inoru reassuring, and tho hopes
t the Hoyal household at tho C'astlo have
leen raised this afternoon by a private
ispaten irom uoi. ronaonoy. ine rrinesH
Aluxnndrla is almost constantly l>y
liu bed-aide of lier husband; whoil alio is
ompollod to retire lor rest lior plncc in
applied liy the l'rinccss Alice. Ucf
Injcsty, tin: IJaeen, ronmlna itl Sandringnm.
HANlililNaitAM, Deo. 12?10 p. M.?The
'rincji passed mi unquiet evening, but
rostrulion doe* not Increase.
I.ondon, December 18.?An official
ispntch from Banflringhamthislnointag
iya the condition or the I'rince of Wales
i without alteration. The 1'rlnco takes
hxI, ami hiu lieeu twiee lucid at interval?,
lit sleep is tally wanted. Ilin condition
i however, somewhat more hopeful. At
meeting of Welshmen, last night, a munition
was passed expressive of conolcnco
with tho Queen and Princess Alxandcr.
All festivities are postponed,
'lie cable announcement that prayers are
[rural in America for tho recovery or j
ic Prlnco is well received by the English
reus.
Parliament will meet on the 23d.
INDIANAPOLIS.
ikdutnatolin, Decoinbar 13.?Tho roelvers
of tho I. 0. I>. Railroad lm?o
eon authorized by the Court to borrow
lonoyto pay all interest duo on the bonds
much prior t<> 18(11), and also to pay the
ltorcstthnt will accrue until tho salo of
in road. Hon. T. A. Scott, of the Pennplvanla
Railroad, J. N McUullough,
eneral manager of tho Fort Wayne
llilcago ltailroad, and a number of other
lading railroad men arrived hero this
venlng.
A banquet was given at tho Ilates
louso to-night, by the Internal Ilevenuo
dicers hi tho Btato, to (leo. 11. Williams,
rho recently resigned the position of Doartment
Commissioner o( Internal Revoue,
and will leave in a few days lor
apan, for tho purpose of Introducing the
Lincrican system of revenue in that counr
I
HEORttlA.
Conflict Dcttvecn Governor nml
LCKiniHiurui
Nrw Yontt, December 12.?An Allnn-
I Oispntcli Btatcs tlint a conflict bus
risen between the Legislature and Oov.
lowley. The latter declines to recognize
in right of tlu! former to extend Hie sea- 1
ion bejontl the legal forty day*. Tester-
ay the Governor instructed the Trcastir-
r riot to pay the mftnbers. Itwaarit-
lored at midnight that tho President
npporta the Governor against the Lfgis- I
ituro. Both Houses met to day.
tfdKTII CAROLINA.
iCgalttr or MIIIUi*. Arrests to be
Tested*
Nrw YonK, December 12.?A dispatch J
oin Raleigh, states that both branches
r the Legislature held an excited debate 1
pon the recent arrests for alleged Kit-
unxlsm. Thetleneral Assembly authorled
the Attorney ol the Mate, to apply
i the Supreme Court of tho United 1
tales Inr a writ of hibeiu mrptn to test
1U legality.of the military arrenls. 1
Murderer Iteprtmed.
Trrnton, N. J., Dec. 12.?fleorge
totls, sentenced to bo lmnged at Newark
O tho 9ht inst., Tor (he mtmler nr I'ti
Inlntol, liivs been reprieved by the Gov
rnor. Ilia execution lios been postponed
III Friday, 28th o? January. 1
Nntionnt Inventors Association.
Tlio National Inventors Association will
wld a grand exhibition of industries, emiracing
new inventions, works of art, etc.,
ilthe Central rink of this city, opening
Jccember Slat, and continuing five weeks.
CONGRESSIONAL.
Wasiiwoton, D. C,, Dec. 12,1871.
HOUSE.
Various bills were introduced and referred,
ajuong which were thu following
By Mr. Pkck: For holding the United
States District Court at Toledo.
By Mr. Gali.uday: Resolutions of the
Teunesscc Legislature for a systematic
place of meteorological observation and
crop reports.
By Mr. Caldwkll: Granting 500,000
acres of public lauds for leveeing the Mississippi
River in Kentucky and Tennessee.
By Mr. VAt'OUAK: For the United
States building at Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. Hkndkkson, from Texas, was
sworn in.
Mr. Dawks' resolution directing the
investigation aud management ot various
li?.iurtmiiittu wuu ud.tntivt
Till: bill consolidating the postal laws
was jMssed. i
Mr. ltmohau, Irorn the J udiciory Committee,
reported a bill tiling the lirat 1
Monday lu November, 1872, lor the Pres- i
idcutial election. The bill whs postponed i
to tlie second Wednesday in January. 1
A bill wits passed for llic reliof ol pur- i
chasers ol lands sold for direct taxes in
the insurrectionary Stales. 1
Mr. Hanks, from tho Foreign Allaire i
Committee, reported a bill appropriating i
$2.10,two for tho expenses of arbitrators, i
Mr. Banks explained the necessity for
the immediate passage ol' the bill, an the I
case on behalf of the I'hlted States is to i
be presented ou Saturday next, but said
tlmt tho fullest opportunity for debating
the terms of the treaty would bo given
alter the holidays, and on other points, I
especially in regard to the llslicrles. After
the Committee of Whole on the Btute ol the
Union. The Houso then went into Committee
of the Whole and discussed the
apportionment hill, but arose without
octiou.
Mr. TowN8F.ni), or New York offered
a resolution instructing the Hecrotary ol
the Treasury to ascertain and report
whether any of the national hanks in
New York are interested or concerned in
promoting un artiticial scarcity of money.
Adopted
Mr. Lkonaiid Myuuh introduced a bill
for the bettor detection anu nreventiou of
fraud in the naval service. Referred.
The House then adjourned.
NENATE.
The following bill was introduced and
referred: By Mr. WuiOHT?Appropriating
$2,000,000 for the purposo of paying
tlie balances that maybe found duo under
the act to demnify the Hiatus for war expenditures.
The Henate concurred in the House
resolution to adjourn over from December
31 to January 8th.
At his own request, Mr. Morton was
relieved from his position in the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. Morton called tip the resolution
for final adjournment the ltd Monday ill
May.
Mr. Sumnkh moved that there be no
adjournment until alter the passuge of a
l)irl securing equal rights without aliHtinc;tion
ol riteo color. Laughter.
Mr. Bciiuhz moved to amend liy adding
bills to reduce tarill und intermit taxation,
inri to reform the Civil Service.
Mr. TitUMHUMi moved to table the
proposition, and take up the hili removing
political disabilities. Lost by 22 to III.
Without acting on the motion, the Senile
went into executive session at 1:1)0.
Adjourued.
The Wharton Trial.
Anna poms, Deo. 12.*?In the Wharton
^iise Prof. Aiken was recalled. In answer
lo a question he said that he had dis-
covered that the experiment or test de- [j
scribed by bint before the jury dllTered a
matirally from the test as described in the J
luminary. The experiment described In
Ihe latter is not a test. The witness
thinks a clerical error and not an error of 81
judgement Tho important turiawofc be-
iween Aiken's summary, or tho report of t(
Ills analysis and hid testimony before tho n
iury is that be describes two diflerent and g
listlnct experiments. In tho former he H
jays ho dissolved some of the white Bedoment
of a tumber in water, then added
mine liydruchlorlo add which gavo a
?hlto precipitate; this was ilissulvcd In an
xcesa of odd, Ihen, when this was
thrown In water a whito precipi- P
laic was I v l n. This docs not
?ccnr wllh the tartar emetic. The ex- 11
Itorimetit detailed In the testimony bclore
the jury was dlllercnt It described tho
lolution of a substance supptacd In he
mlphato ot antimony In Imilliig hydro
chloric and its subsequent reactions. A. c
A, Iiiielnehinidt, ol the llrm ofOosraan ft c
Co., testified to selling the prisoner on
the 20th ol June, n small vial of tincture
if valerian; witness gavo lief an ounce; Jj
prisoner Uwn asked for n small quantity
if tartar emetic, saying tint she wanted
it for ft plaster; thinks ho gavo her sixty
jralns, which ito charged on the book.
N. If< Hutton testified to Mrs. Wiiarton 0
telling him on Juno 28th, of tha finding a
rial ol laudanum In Kctchum's bed liy c
[he servant the day previous, and ex- 0
pressing the wish that ho would tell Dr.
Williariis, and no one else.
Several oilier witnesses were cxamin- D
d, but their testimony was unimportant. J
l 1,
Vnrrow Mange Rallwar Projected
lletween Terrc llante and Cincinnati.
n
Cincinnati, Pec. 12?den. Koliert A. I
Hunter addressed the merchants on ct
Change to day relative to tho Cincinnati
k Terrc Haute Narrow Gaugo Itailway. It
fhey nsk subscription from Cincinnati a
il five litmdrcd tliotAanfl dollars, one
nit to be paid when fifty miles ol the m
road is ready fur tho tics and iron, tho
remainder on completion of llie road, p
Die people nlonn the route had nutncriii- ti
'd, lie said, nearly five hundred thousand n
iollars and wonld soon swell the amount
lo three-quarters of a million dollars. The I'
road is intended to pass through Dearborn, y>
Hipley, Bartholomew, Brown, Monroo,
Dwell, Clay and Vigo counties, Indiana, F
ivilh n branch rnnnins from Bloomington b
lliroujrli Greetl and Sullivan counties to w
;ho Wabash river. While the road tape
line agricultural district, the resources
if iron and cool which It reaches ore
specially urged as on inducement for Cincinnati
to support it.
NEW OHIjEANH.
New Om.kans, December 12?The
that Charles Morgan takes a largo interrat
in tlic New Orleans, Mobile ft Texas
railroad. Tliis road runs lo tho Saline c
rirer and Hhricvcport from Vermillion-
ville, and will bo rapidly bniit. y
II
?.Faenh Prnphater hung himself at I
Bridgetown, Hamilton county, Ohio, Sat- o
urday, during an attack of insanity. g
NEW YORK CITY.
New York, December 12.?An important
meeting was held yesterday before
the Alderuiauic Committee appointed to
investigate the injuries which it is alleged
the Harlem railroad does to life and
property in the upper part of the city.
After elaborate statements by some ol the
citizens^interested in the matter, Mr. Win.
II. Vanderbilt said the comnanv wished
to meet them in u spirit of conciliation.
The committee promised to make an
euriy report. It is rumored Luitt another
man was killed lust night on this railroad,
near 110th street.
Comptroller Connolly still remains at
Ludlow street jail.
The decision expected from .Judge
Learned at Albany within a day or two, 1
upon the question of reducing tho amount i
of his linil hearing on the libel suit of 1
Helen Josephine Maustield against Fisk, 1
is postponed till Saturday.
Edwards 1'ierrepoint volunteers his
services to the lately arrested Internationals
in proceeding against the city uniler
their arrest, if ho finds tho law will
ullow it. The action of tho authorities
in prohibiting tho parade on Sunday is
bitterly denounced everywhere through- J
Dut tho city.
At a recent meeting of tho Atlantic
Ureal Western liailroad Company, the I
railroads In New York, Ohio and renn-
lylvania were consolidated. Tho organization
will hereafter be known as the
Atlautic Great Western Hail road Com-
pany. (Jen. George D. McClellan was 1
chosen President. 1
i no nrstcoiorou juryman in new xorK 1
was yesterday sworn in a case before the
Marine court.
BClias. O'Connor was incorrectly reportid
ut Albany. Wlint lie did say was that
no had lound nothing in his investigation
to indicate that Mayor Hall was a regular
thief.
It 1b stated that the Ocean Bank will
resume in a few days, hut it is doubt fill,
i receiver has been appointed, and it is
jel loved that 75 per cent of the deposits
will bu paid. A meeting of the stocklolders
has been called. This bank, ot
which Tweed is director, was thrown out
>f the clearing house to day. It is reportHi
that thu Union Square Bank has also
lusnended.
'1 ho failure of the old cotton house of
kV. 1\ Wright ?fc Co. is announced to-day;
dso Unit or,). Lege rail.
Theodore M. Davis, receiver of the
)ccan Hank, stated to a reporter ot thu
Associated Pre?s that ho desired it to be
nado known for tho satisfaction of out-olown
corrcs|)ondcutH, that all collections
lank will bo turned over to tho National
'ark Hank. Davit) also stated that all tlo- I
lositors will receivo every dollar without 1
wiling on the stockholder*. Tho ti.rprcM
ays the Clearing llouso of associated
muks held a protracted session this alter- i:
loon, at tho Merchants' Hank. The tl
)cean Hunk matter was discussed In all t
Is details. Rumor says that some highly n
mportnnt facts were brought out which li
vill throw doubt on tho statement that a
ho Ocean Hank will be able to pay in li
nil. Among this reports emanating from h
his meeting is one to the ell'ect that the
)cean Hunk held and counted as legal t
under notes, and memorandum checks ol s<
he government bank official, extend to ti
:?r?,(M)(), and further that this individual e
4 interested in the building or a canal in p
lie Htate of Michigan, for which purpose a
lie inonoy obtained on these checks, t<
yiib used. Wo cannot Vouch for tho tfutli n
f these rumors, but they were freely b
irculatcd on tho street, and generally o
telieved. The Union Bqnaro bank has l(
cen in theliabit of making its statements d
t tho charing house through the Ocoan I
tank, and this evening it was retried U
own by tlio suspension or tic Ocean a
imk. Tho condition ol tlio Ocoan bunk c
atnrday lust, as onicially given by till*
tearing house, exhibited a dellcicncy ol' ti
234,?!w, or over 58 per cent. v
A Uio Janeifb letter ol October Cth c!
Lates that a difficulty between the Presi- fi
ent and Congress, arising from tlio at- a
3mt)ted appointment of an unpopular d
linister, took place In tlio hall ol Conress,
in which tho people took part (W
everal wero killed and wounded.
It issaid that .Idlllan hasabeoonded with ai
lie proceeds of tho lato concerto and ball tl
i tho Grand I)uke, owing his musicians la
7,000. d
Arrived, steamer Nevada, from Liver- lj
ool. n
Anotlier cotton failure?SchalbrA Oo.; b
mount unknown. Wright Co. nlace
lielr Indebtedness at f 119,000, and at? w
cady to settle at 50 per cent. Theso B
illures arc owihg to a sudden advance ai
j price, while dealers are hampered with tl
ontracw. Tho rumor Affects the solvcny
of other firms, but as tho staple was b'
ecllulllg at uiu tunc hi-iiuj, u m nirjpi:u u
mt the worst Is over. The appreciation J
1 value Is owing to n rise In J/lvcrpool lr
IfoUgh fears of n Abort crop. <1
The rumored suspension of tlio Union n
quarellsnk in unfounded, lis olDcors 0
uny any embarrassment. Tlio report
riginated 'in the tact tbat the clearances
rcro made through tho Ocean Dank ofliera.
The latter deny that Tweed is one w
T the directors. It
It is generally believed that the Police oi
kimmtssioncrB will adhere to their for- oi
ler decision In regard to tliC Internatlon- pi
I parade, and that tho Oovernor will w
ciusc to interfere. Edward I'icrrepont w
lis volunteered to defend workingmen if iti
[rested. ill
A daring but unsuccessful attempt was pi
lado to rob tlio Perry Street Havings bi
lank this forenoon. The thieves es- pi
sped. to
Judge Gordon* lms granted the Dowl- pi
ig Green Savings Banli leave to suo the In
cbtois of tlio bank. st
Col. Btcbbins and Comptroller Green ki
re again In chargo. ol
It Is rumored that Peter II. Sweeney la lr
rcparing to leavo the city, and detec- cl
veafare said to be closely watching bis si
lovemenla.
Madame Hums, the nbortior.lst, has
!en convicted and sentenced to seven
A referee has been appointed by Judge M
rledman to take the testimony of O'Bfleft h
cforc the jury In the Black Friday rase, li
'ho, It la said, were coerced Into a verdict, pi
Thirty-two new cased of small-pox have ol
ppeared since Saturday, and seven deaths
nve ocenrted. to
In the Miner counterfeiting case to-day tr
Ir. Cole's testimony was resumed, and ho T
tvore to numerous sales of counterfeit ai
ioney made to him by Miner, one of ft
rhfch, made in June last, was ot f24,000
1 counterfeit tens, for which Cole gavp C
liner 11,000. This sale took place in sc
liner's house, where Miner's wifo lay Ir
end at the time. ti
John Ifartley and Frederick Salle, merhants
doing business in this city, were
{tested to-day by a detective on Col. ci
Vhitley's Chicago staff, on the charge of L
mtigsfing $10,000 worth of silks from d
'ort Hnron, Canada, to Detroit. The ir
fflcer found nearly 3,000 yards of the n
oods in Michigan. p
A committee from the Internationals
waited oil the Police Commissioners this
afternoon to usk permission to parade next
Sunday in honor of Kossel. HI ay or Hall,
who is by virtue of lib ofllce a member <>l
the Hoard, was not present, but sent a
communication to ilio effect that he would
be glad to meet the Internationalists at a
public meeting on the subject. This suggestion
theeommitte refused to entertain.
The Commissioners refused to grant permission
for a demonstration next Sunday,
but without expressing any opinion or
giving any explanation. The Committee
iif Internationalists, consisting of Messrs.
Hanks, Nicholas aud Francis, leave tonight
tor Albany, and will wuit on the
Uovernor to-morrow.
The Supreme Court at Brooklyn, to
lay, ordered that the Jiuckheart case
must l)c heard during this term of Court.
Uouusel lor the defense agreed to submit
the case, without argument, belorc the
3d.
WASHINGTON.
Washington, Dec. 13.?The Election
Jommittoo has directed that Clark, Republican,
and llerndon, Democrat, are
mtitled to be sworn as members from
rexas, pending any contest lor their scats.
The Henate to-day coulirmed Arthur as
Collector of New York and Douglass its
Jommissioner of Internal Revenue.
The House Committee on Dunks aud
Currency to-duy talked over the subject
)f the resumption of specie payments.
It is not probuble that any definite action
will be taken on the subject by tho entire
committee until after the holidays.
The Senato to-day confirmed the folowiuir
nominations: Jno. W. Douglasa,
JopimiHsioner of Internal Rovenue; Colector
ol Internal Reveuuo, Robert C.
ilutton, for the Fifth District40! Michigan.
Assessors of Internal Revenue, Sheah
Waters; Third District of Teunea
Jharles T. Harrison, for tlio Sixth DIsrict
ol Ohio. Collector of Customs,
'heater L. Arthur, New York. George
Bancroft, Envoy Extraordinary and Minster
Plenipotentiary to the German Kmuro;
Thomas II. K. Smith, Surveyor of
Customs, Omaha, Neb. Indian Agent*?
I. 8. Armstrong, New Mexico; Jos.
iVebster Sim tee, Sioux agency; George
f. Hetts, for Michigan; I). It. ltisley, lor
Jpper Platte agency; Barclay Whlto, ot
tfow Jersey, Superintendent ol Indian
Vflairs for Northern Superintendoncy:
?V. I). Hughes, Clerk ot Assay Ofllco, i
toiso City; 0. A. Martin, Assayer for
Joiso City; K. P. Andrews, Melter and I
tedntir at Carson City; J. E. Houtli, of!
Illinois. Second Assistant Postmaster I
lencral. Postmaster#?O. S. IiCtehen,
iryan, Ohio; Albert Towles, lleatrlco,
Nebraska; Win. K. I). Johnson, Leavenvortli,
Kansas.
The reports made at a meeting of the
nanagcrs of the National Asylum for
lisablcd soldiers, show that over tour
housand vetrans aro now cared for, and
lew men coining in at the rate of one
Kindred per week, and will soon tax the
sylums to their utmost capacity. A
*rgc amount of detail business was done
iy the Hoard.
Tlio Kxccutivo Committee of tho ;Naional
Steamboatmen's Convention,' asomblcdIn
this city for the*purpose (if
ikinir preliminary, steps to revise the
xifiting stoainboat laws which have
roven so burdensome to the owners ol'
II classes of steam vessels. The commitso
of which Thos. Sherlock, of Cincinati,
is Chairman, and Capt. 11. H. Oborne,
ot New York, Secretary, met at 11
'clock. It was ascertained that twenty*
mr States was to be represented. A
rait prepared by the sub-coinmittcp at
'iUsburght November^ 1st, was presented
C'ongrc888 yesterday by (Ion. Negley.
'lie Committee find the Congressmen
re generally in favor of the desired
hango in the laws.
The Republican Senators held a caucus
lis afternoon on the subject of tho revial
of the committco on retrenchment and
tvil servico reform. Tho debatp was
ce and unconstrained both in a national
nd party view. Tbo question wAs not
isnosed of entire.
Tho expense of tbo census was #1,287,DO.
Tho Committee on Foreign Aflairs wont
ct on Oen. Hank's bill to carry into effect
tat part of tbo treaty of Washington reitivo
to the fisheries until after tho Holiays,
but an eflort will be made previousr
to pass an appropriation of a quarter
lillion dollars for the expenses of the Triunal
arbitrations at Geneva.
cek. Ho favors tho formation ot a
talc Constitution acceptablo to Congress
i n preliminary action ol that body for
ic admission o'f that Utah.
The annual report of tho statistical
tircau shows tho value of imports for
Irect consumption, for tho year ending
uno .30, to he $270,007,025; withdrawn
om warehouse $188,fl!}0,0.31; free of
uty $50,102,400; additional and dlrcrjmltitfni*
duties $401.098?total $518,759,18;
duty thereon $20,211,007.
Emigrant* Frozen lo Drath.
Br. Louis, December 12.?A gentleman
ho reaeiied Kansas City on Saturday
ist, informed tho Kansas City 7Ym?tliat
ii tho Sunday previous a terrible nllair
3curred In Halino county, Nebraska. A
irty of emigrants with their families
ere passing through the county westard,
and when tho cold was constantly
icreasing they concluded to camp and
ght a lire. They were in a piece of high
rairio and peveral miles from any houso,
nt some three miles from them was a
iece of timber. After unhitching their
ams the nt?n started for this timber to
rocure fuel. Not returning for several
wire the women lefU'?eir children and
arted to hunt them. This Is all tlifit is
down, save that the next day the bodies
seventeen persons, who had perished
nm tho intense cold, were found. The
illdren left in tho wagons were the only
irvivora or the party.
LOUISVILLE.
LouttTtUt?, Dec. 19?The Voting
[en's OhrtotiAn Association opened a
indloine rending room at New Albany,
id., lint night. It fa well supplied with
ipers anil magazines. A large ntimlHjr
I citizens attended the owning.
George Dny, a watchman on a tow
uat, was arrested at New Albany, Ind.,
i-dny, for attempting rape on Fannie
ticker, a young girl aged 18. Day was
Tested anil held in $500 bond9 to appear
ir trial to morrow.
A convict natned Moses Forcucbill, alia*
harles Morgan, escaped from the Jeflerinville.Ind.,
State prison, lasl^triit. He is i
om Fort Wayne, Ind., on a sentence of
vo years lor stealing.
?It is mithormvoly ??'en ?>iu <?c
irapnnica operating in the coal mines In
aekawnna Vnllcy, Pennsylvania, Iiktc
ctermined to order no reductions in the
liners witgea for the now year. All the
lmora about the Impending aunpcnslnn ia
urely sensational.
I.
FOBEIG3ST.
si
ENGLAND.
London, December 13.?Lord CUlef
lustice Cockburn has gone to Geneva to n
attend the formal preliminary meeting o! v
the Board of Arbitration under the treaty
ot Washington. s
Tho Hoyal steam yachts Victoria and a
Albert, have been dispatched to bring the
Princess Victoria, wile of tho Herman
Prince Imperial, to England. d
The strike of tho telegraph employees is si
still kept tm. The business on many lines h
is greatly delayed and the public are bo- I
ginning to complain. a
A non conformist Educational Confer- e;
enco. which was to have been liehl ut
Manchester, luis been |M>stponRil on ac-
count of the illness ot the Priuce.
By u riiilwuy accident, near tiheflicld, c
last evening, one man was killed and n,
many injured.
The strike of the telegraph operators is r,
beginning to break up. Thu employees at u
one important point have already resumed A
work, and others are following their ex*
ample.
The business to l>e transacted at Geneva, J
at the meeting of the Hoard ol Arbitration
on the treaty of Washington, consists in
the ratification of the powers of the arbitrators.
The Hritisk government proposed r
to dispense with all, but the Washington
cabinet objected, and it will bo necessary
lor all members of the Hoard to be present j
in person on the appointed day. It is possible
that at the first meeting a complete JjJ
organization may bo efleeted, but the
probability Is that nothing will be attempted
beyond an exchange of creden*
tials.
FRANCE.
Pahm, December 12.?Thu National
Assembly at its session to-day adopted by L
a vote ol 2HI) to 277, the recommendation
from lliu committee having in clmrgo the
subject lor the alienation to the Htuto of
the Crown jewels.
River News.
Caiuo. December 12.-rArrlved: Kate
Putnam, from Cincinnati, at 3 a. m.; Mary
Houston, from New OrleiuiH, at 4 a. m.; tit
Ham .1. Hale, Irom Memphis, at 8 a. M.t
Amies, from Cineinnati, at 10 a. m.; Jas. T|
10. Rankin, from Mcuinhis, at 12 M. De- (,u
ported: The Deo, f??r Kvansville, at 11 r. c?
Mi; Mary Houston, for Cincinnati, at 8 a. J'1
m Bam. J. Male, for Cincinnati, at 8 a. m.
Weather elear and pleasant.
St. Louis, December 13.?The gorge
above the bridge piers moved a abort distance
this afternoon, but lodged against J
the brakewater, and has since been stationary.
The gorge at Widow Walters'
Landing, tweuty-llvo miles below this
fitv, la expected to lironk uu muin, which
will give an open river to Cairo. There
is no Ice below the former point. The
water Is very low, howover. The pilot
of the I Tensely, which reached Cairo yes- jjj
terday from Platln Hock reported only
2 feet and 10 inches on the bars. The
weather I* clear anil quite warm, with J"'
1 smith winds. Moats will begin loading
to-morrow lor helow. tic
The Weather To-Dny. J
War Dkpaiitmint, ma
Oppicr optiin Ciimr Bionai. Oprienn, m
Wahiiinoton, 1). C? Dec. 18?7:30 p. m. I
riloiiaiiimtiics.
D(!
The barometer will probably fall very nrn
generally Wednesday, in the Uulf and
Atlantic Htates, with cloudy and rain to i
night in the (lull States, and threatening
weather on Wednesday from the lower J
Lake to the Middle and Atlantic coast.
The low pressure in Illinois will probably
move cast and north-eastward, preceded
by south easterly winds in the Middle "IBtates,
and following to-night by increas- *ing
north-westerly winds on Lake Michigan.
The areas of rain are apparently -r.
developing in Virginia, Pennsylvania, -t.
Illinois,'Michigan and Louisiana.
HAVANA.
Havana, December 12.?To-day and
henceforward the regular troops will
garrison at Morao, Cabana and the principal
forts. In view of the arrival of
rcinforccmenls from Hpain, Valmazeda n
considered it Just to relieve the volunteers
from this arduous service. Hpain will
send to Cuba this month four battallions
of troops from the regular army, besides arli
10,000 reinforcements, which are to follow nip
wumn one year.
Senar Moreno, tho now Governor of
Havana, lms begun tho work of fluppretu*
ing the gambling houses. v
HIMOURI. ty1,
St. Louis, December 13.?The lower Jjj
House of the Legislature lias adopted a mo
joint resolution to donate the reports of pn<
tho Supreme Court and u copy of Hie fob- jSJj
flion acts, itc.| to the Chicago Library As- ym
sooiation. Tho Bonnie rofefred the same f'"1
resolution to tho Committee on Ways and [J,*
.Means. oth
A concurrent resolution was unnn! ori
mously adopted by tho House calling U|>on JJn
Congress to aid in establishing an iron grt>
steamship building yard at some point on con
tho western rivers, in conformity to the Jj
suggestions of tho Secretary of tho Navy.
M
HAN FRANCISCO.
Sam FhaNctbco, Dec. 12.?'Timothy
Oulnfl was fatally stabbed by Miko Mc- A
Oeo in a light in a saloon at Virginia I"
City last night. (Juinn shot MeOee, the (J
bullet lodging in his watch, knocking him
down, and only slightly injuring him.
Judge Diloslake, who assaulted Chan.
D. Young, of tho Uhrontrlt, on tho street,
was held to answer on a charge of assault i
and battery.
Ohio Reform School for Hoy*. BO
CoiitJMnui, December 13.?1The annual
report of the reform school lor boys, wrw n,
filed with Gov. Hayes to day. The whole VI
number of Inmates in the Institution of
learning during the year was 511. The
number discharged during the year was I
132; number remaining, 2)79. 8e
The Hlnckbnrn Murder tnae.
Cinc innati, December 12.?A special
to the Chronittc from Chillicothesays that
the Jury in tho niackburn case rendered
ii verdict tills morning of murder in the
sccond degree. A motion was made for a
new trial. January 22d was fixed for ita A
hearing. Tiie cost of the trial to the -ZJ
county is estimated at $8,000.
Oi
?George Anderson and John Patterson,
charged with tho murder Kdward
Cremmings, last week, at Evan, Ohio.
wero arrested at Osborno on Monday. A'
While passing Kvan. the citizens of that JJJJ
place Attempted t<? lynch them, but wrre Mm
prevented by the officers in charge The Mni
allair created great excitement in that vi- n,m
nnity. ft
Skip Noun.
London, Decerning 13.?tlio steamtrips
Alemannie, Ville Do Paris, Hiberin,
Manhattan, Oceanic, Pnrtlna and
pain,have arrived out
Halifax, December 13.?1The ship
'uuimai, with a cargo of wheat, was
k'recUi'.i, and all lmnds l<*t.
UuisToi., knjj December 1-.?The
teainship Arro^au, irom Now Vork, has
rrived at this port.
?A destructive tire occurred at Honosale,
Wavno county, l'u., yesterday, detroving
f.p>0,000 worth ol property. The
aruware store ol Hartley Kogers,
lolnies' llonr store, Hrady's drug store
nd Scott's shoe store were hnmed. Covred
by insuranco.
?A locomotive attached to the water
rain on the Illinois Central ruilroad exhilled
its boiler Monday night, near
entralia, instantly killing Ilouck, engiper,
RrewJnjrton, /Ireuian, arid Keeae,
rakutnan. flic iorco of the explosion is
.'ported as territic, totally demolishing
le engine and blowing one of the bodies
distance of 200 feet.
PUB WORLD'S internal, rem
L KI)Y.
JOHNSON'S
IheumaticCompound
-ANDBLOOD
PURIFIER.
riCK IN ITU ACTION?PKHM A NINT IN ITS OURS.
iIh medicine In tho prescription of a world
unowned tfrenrli Physician, who lined it In hid
extensive practice many years before oflorlug
U to tliu public In lt? present form, but
llnally becoming convinced of it* emit
curative properties and deHfrliiK
to prortt thoHu aulturln^ from this
terrible disease. consented to
have It put up in hottlcH
and Hold at. tho
OW PRICE OF ONE DOLLAR.
If necrssary, we
mlttht otrer thu certificates
of thousands who havo
been curud by it, but tho belt
recommendation we can glvo it la
a trial of one, two or three bottles,
which will certainly relieve thu moat
difficult case. Try It and bo convinced.
We have ad vert Ised this medicine for salu
by Geo. O.UoodwIn Co., of Boston. A
euro or.the monuy refunded, and out of near
J hottleH sold at retail,they have had but 8 bot
is returned.
Hollers' Imperial Couch Syrup.
id hnixrltil Ctnujh Syrup contains no iplritua
Ingredient whatever, and may be used in all
ses not requiring active medical treatment.
10 Impvrlal Cough Hyrup has bevii used for tliu
it thirty years.
I'retiareu by
ltK.8ELLERH&CO.,n
AHItrtiH.lt HY IMUUOIHTH KVRIIYWI1KHK.
10
Educational.
^KST VUiUINIA UNLVKUSITV
1871-72.
rho Irtnt Catalogue ahowa an attendance of 171
iidents at tills Institution. H*lvo distinct Derimcntn
of Instruction, wilb a full corps of
inputefifc Professors.
I'lio Ancient and Modern Languages; Matheitlca,
jiuro and applied; Psychology. Kthlca,
lltlcal Economy, Logic, Rhetoric, the sciences,
?tc? carefully and thoroughly taught. Pracal
Chemistry, and Physics, illustrated by apjnrlate
apparatus. Special advantages for the
idy of Geology.
good Library. Kitenslve Cabinets of Mlndogy,
Geology and Conchotomy; together with
my Kpecjmena in other deportments of Natural
story. Pine buildings; beuutifUl and healthy
atlon: good society.
Cam, Tkiim begins Bepteinber 0th. Winter
emberBlh. Bpring, March iWith. Commencent,
JuuoSOth.
loanllng froin f.3 to $4 per week.
I'ultlon, from $15 to $i4pcr year.
'or further particulars, fiiqulroof
A LUX. MARTIN, Proaidnnt.
c6 Morganlown, West Va.
Hats and Caps.
JAT8 AND CAl'SI
Another large lot of
I ATS CAPS
Heccivcd at
1ARPER BROS.
Mo. 77 k >0. 121).
Orders received lor all kinds of
MILITARY CAPS!
ovM IlARl'KR A I1R0H.
WANT BUPPL1BD.
"o inpply a want felt for a real genuine good
Irloor Hotip at a roaaonable price, tho nndern?'(l
In now manufacturing such an article, as
testify who havo scon and tiled
he Favorite 8oap,
lanafacturod hy B. HKID, Wheeling, W. Va.
claim that It cannot be excelled, lit, In purlind
quality; 3d, In economy, becauiio It la
land hard aa soon aa mndu and will notahrlnk
nn eipoacd to tho aUnoiphere, like moat
pa do. It will thcreforo wash half aa much
re as the aoapa now In market at the tame
ce; 3d, For perfection In washing. Yon muat
Mi with ii pure, clean soap, or you cannot hare
in, white clothca. L'*e the Favorite Soap and
i will havo no morn trouble getting yonr
th<*a white and ftwltlria, and guarantee that
rill not Injure the akin or tho moat delicate
rlca. 4th, 1 claim for It an advantago over all
era In that It will boar leaving In water for 8
10 houra without Injuilng It. Other aoapa ars
derod uaeleia by forarttlng thera In tho tub
baaiu after using. I'lcase enntilre ol your
cer for the Favorite Boap, ana you will bo
vlnccd that It la the beat.
aution.?Bach liar la atamped "Mlnm' and
'Aanlri' Favorite Soap, manufactured by R.
d. Wheeling, li', Va.
[anufactured and fold at whnleaale by
BI>WARD RKiI),
Boap and Candle M annfacturer,
agW Wheeling. W. Va.
ode of West Ve.
FOK BALE.
3y direction of the Score
ry or me oiate, i oner Tor
lelcopies of the
)de of West Virginia
rhe price as fixed by th
icretary Is Five Dollars pe
lume. If by mall, 96.64.
kddress.
JOHN FRKW,
Wheeling, W. Va.
IRfldAW
NKW CANDY TO Y.
SUGAR WHISTLES.
ir own Intention, (Jn*t patented,) mannfar(I
and for aale at onr new Confectionery. No.
larkft atreet.
BOHTTLTZA NBUHAU8HN.
letter* patent have hern granted for the
nfactnre and eale of the above article, and
for the molda and ttroreaa of making the
e, out of any material whatever, any in
?rment on the right will he pnntahed to the
oat extent of the law.
A. NRUFIAUBRN,
pttfl Patentee.