Uv
I1 1 1 K T> 1 SPATCff
BY CXWARDIN ELLYSON.^
I ASH? INVAT.TATII.Y IN ADVAWOK.
t-k, i>m; v PTRT? \TOll <p<Vllv>mitoinbocrl
hrraHt rTFTKVN' cwNTP per w**, payable to the
n^i" r xvVVi'T. Mailed 8" per annnm is for
5nTL p, month for nhorter period
'tKvmi-Vv KEM.Y Ol?VATCH?t$3peran.
i- '.r for ci\ months.
tV'< \v yM.Y l l^l'ATCH !>t *S jy?.r unrniw.
IIIM.I^KRY,
Orr\lX<? OK K A I. L A N I>
rv MM l i n k r v M i. s. l-.$gS
V. ,l.?v rs i: -<?A l> STKIP.KT,WH| f o
p.. .if.u rtf-'trhfr IVlrnds, onstomerp, and ibe
K. :i.T*?h or. FU11)A\ and .1ATUUI>A V.
N J i sin) Wth. at whl'li tlmo the will ho
exhibit her FA 1. 1 j and WIVTKK
MY! K> of rATTVlJV 1IAT* and K(U\*kT8
i lay t'. r< after dnrinc the ROMan, i?v
?i n J In r a 'read v eho|cr and weU<-3?->
j. I.- k not to h* excelled in thi? city.
M
R>. V:. V. Hl ThER, Xo. (tfl
i it road street. near Seventh. will o?
SATl'UPAY, October 13;h
l.ereadv to sh.>^ to her friends and the
-i srock of MTLMNKRY, FAXCY
j i 1 NOTIONS, of st\ le? and qualities
s i't M.rrasSfd. such at> FkKNTOH
v T T v K HA' l?oNN?T\ Kl.OWRKS,
M( .t>. I H H ON 8, VSI.VF.T8, and
v. rntrpnmed iroods sold at moderate
i.! !n?!riso!l u glv? n kb to their tlnlah.
.nivu* to ?uit everyone. Aiishoasks
J v .xt. H ,*h!I. oc 12 St*
vim:mn(. ok fall milli
V I V! ,i Vis; K. ti. Mtl.KMOKK
,>y. niliR of the N K\V
krj i V Hl' f'T.s A V O HATS Ou V til
A I I lil'AY NH X T, October lath and
"r r frlrnd< nr.! custom or a are earnestly re
s icmselve*. oo lt-4t
1 I. I. I X K K Y.
1 A SI' IVTEl! Ol'KMSG.
Mf>. M DAVIS
!:rr snmr'.or ttock of MTL1MNFKV
rni'wSUAY tbi- 151 b instant, com
{?A*! t'v I'N II ATS and ll-.'N XKTiJ, and
t m>veuie? in the mllilnery l!ne.
s li:.- ?'?"nit a?vortn>piit SIATKkIM.S
i '-!;t prepiircd to make up In the best
v u!! .it ton of her eoniidcie stock is rc
v utcin d.
Y.KS. M .1. I 'AVIS. WT M tin tt-i>?'t.
1*? !?efi? M i! Ii and Troth.
M
d'tMNti OF KALL MILLI-
t -u d r. v jH-i tfu'.lj Into: in
I VI'00? Oil linnil o'lO o' jW^tfq?6
s in -i eonu?!i!ti? assortiueMts ?f
\N i N 1 t A 1\S KTV', Kl.OW
l Hi- V?1 VKTS fli.KS. *c. all
V. Ill l-o se'd at tti?- lowest i>r!r?-?.
v ?:s. r ww Htfrz A< i:,
52J llroad Ptreet.

IVM KAXtK fOMMSIEW.
i: 1H HUITISH AXI> MERCAN
k 1 K i K company,
vm<:; an Fi-isiii Kcn. g. b.
t i? ir I: .veMfl In United
i 'i' iii? <t ??poji-.'e-i with Treasurer
1 1 i I ii i 1 States )H>i ils.
?i hM'oui'.i-d .icent*! to ihe ahove
n v. we ?re prepared to is lie tl? mill
d mafr? i y Are on bnlldtnes,
.'i i?d i> r*"o,iHi projo ly iif all ktndii,
!i! it ii t* r ms.
v ar.' P'-iicrtly Pttld.
I?. N. WaI Iv^i: A CO,
V i d t M.iin ?*rt ?.t.
j I.?l KACii: 110.MK liM KiirKiSE.
VKF< hANT A NO MECHANICS'
ISMFKASCK COMPANY OF
V I f'dlN'I A
r"I l; K AND M AKIN'K.
\F
.S2i*>0,04?0.
k? vo. io"i- ronsftn Oaky sthkkt akd
M! C KOH. 8LI)\ COLl'MHIAS HMV'K.
to lake FIRW unit MA.*
.r ii liV.i.iMu Uiius,i?jh
illy k&Miareof pstronn^
A. Y.s- i?.?KF*?. President,
J"HN K. LaV. Secretary.
iK'ii N B. WlLK>N\ Ab t Secretary.
directors.
it. f'.icr, A S. l.i-o.
J "5. It. i nJer-oa,
J John Clhson,
a. v. i jut-. w. i'feiiliT
i i ii-l ;i?\ Jas. '1 houias Jr.,
A iu!. lVxziut, Jr., A. Sublet!,
h. i i AtiTiim Levy,
i 1 \v<>r!t'*ni, Fduln Wortham,
i'.: v n. li. P. Mftcy
t W ,-tik 'in. 1!. "f Flmkln-d.lp,
C.M. I rt'tn ?r h 1 Christian,
I.. I t i'. II. V.IM\ fC ?f>
I N I UK A r.sKN'C'E OF A TAlllFF OF
KIKE RATKS
v. ti 1 1 have your I NI-i.'K A NCE wrlt
v II,.- l.nU?T KATES, ffvet It through the
I r I A VINO ANI> IWKA NCE BKOKKR
A?.K uMl'AS Y.
t: COUN'KH OF ('.Til AND MAIN ST 11 Tut TS.
WS??N* vi'VVAr.f.V, PrctddeuO
y n. MKADE, SecreUt v.
W n. tOll.LlKti, Ca: hi? r.
I. -t i.llowclon 1 'Is I'd- IT> s*> ?7
1/ M T II; E >1 J TV A L L 1 F E 1 N>U
KANCK t'UMI'ANV,
Nn, I if*. HUOADWAY. NEW YOKE.
i, |U Ton' SCKIBNFR. President.
h i i S" K Y VS C KOFI T, Seert tary.
i purely inumal. All policies in*
I ual cbujcs. No restrictions
ir or residCW'e. Fullele* absolutely
Ail policies absolutely inc<?n
r f til r two h'hirhI premiums.
i u> ir-. .m i fttU'lfiii Agents arf- wanted
i Uoii of tl'C tat*?. A profitable pi. si
i:? it i- fti to all those who c?n furnish satls
rv j. -terenccs anil are willing to work. AJ>
j i'. :i" Un* brtncti nffire of the company, No. 912
Mai.. .irevl, lin-limouJ. Va.
t\ A. I.i i W BE R, Manager.
i>r. A. S. Mc KAE, Medical Examiner.
hii it' am
I i 11 >A L ASS 1 1 U A N C K SUC 1 ET Y OF
>l VIKCINIA,
r onNKK OK I'.'TU AM> BANK STTIKKTK,
UK HMoNl*. VA.
-b iiiilhUi.w liv pt-.i petual or annual policy.
v,?K?iL?!y adjiuleJ anil promptly paid.
H. A. CLAIBOHNE,
i*rUiclpttl Agtnt.
Ji.'HN li. DANFCKTH,
btcrciary.
iltSKY D. DANFOBTH,
AositfUat Secretary
M a m K L H. Pl'lllAM. Colloctor. au 7
j nJL\ ]f. CI.AIBOKNE CO.,
r il;K AM) MAKINE IN'SUKANCK AGENTS,
OFFICE, lliii MAIN STKEET,
i.. rnt!:.g the m<">st responsible companies of
<;ui,ir) luaure proj>erty of all kind* In city
<?ii h: ra'.-es TWKNTY-KIVH! to KIKTY
r ??:.u irta than the raU-6 prevailing In this
ill t Siii v Lhv war.
FACIKl! 'NSUKANttt COM FAN Y OK
t-.kS KICAN<'fS(!0.
K IKE AND MAUI N E.
A 1*! t. i?) faTiT CF f 1,000,000 W
FKFJ.L's 777. -'04
i tiium .i i kinds of property and uierchaniil
i .Km.. by lire aud tht' ]?crllti of the sea
Hi L.OW KATKIi.
l>. i-.-l wp.ii Treanurer of Virginia,
1 ,>ur?'S bomlb 51 50,000 00
i :i.-,i vs:ih i lie 'oiui>tr?)ller of New
York $200, 000 00
M kitonir'd ihUlvidUrtiij lVai'lo under Mate law.
n.'ldlu?' t-KA'W, itw adoltional bfeenrity tv the
tin i<aiiy.
juitably aJ1uKtC(! snd promptly paid.
?i'JilN H'. CLAlKuKNE CO..
am Arente.
VL1> DO-MIMU^N IN-L'RANOE COM
FA NY.
HOME UI KK.E, No. l is MAIN STREET,
Kt. UilO\t?. Va.
Kt'iK and M\KlNt KI^KS taken on the most
able u- 1 ma.
K if. NASH, President,
ii. K. EI.LYSON, V icc-i'resliieut.
.1. H v<? n:i;. M-i-rcias- y. au 2^-Oin
L1 1 1{ t, M a \i 1 N V:~ AND jjslanTTiSI
HUKANCE.
BEfUKlTY I N'HintANCK COMPANY,
OK NEW YUKK.
AFFJ'AL 3tl.OHO,W?
H.'iiFJ i>. 1,017,80#, U10
A-W I V (lauuary 1,1870) S,017,8??,IW
III'. i M ;i <>K I'Ji NO 1014 MAIM STKKKT.
v> 'asue FOLK. IKS in the above flrst-class
i,n ev^rv dencrlplloa of UK Alt ANI)
r/ a FKUFKK'J Y for protection against
itnitf. by Are. MA KIN E and I NIj AND
1 K taken to any point in the United Stales.
t>rlck bui.Jin^ i^aued for from one to
VI dr..
Ku'.i.-i un !mv/ afc those of auy other company
t'iuiljj f, ijni.si.. A jiplJrjiiUius iioliclted.
S1 D. N. WALK EH Jf CO. .Agents.
V "1 1' K. -I :uu now prepared to put up
tt" OK KliKA'i El) IMFHOVED DJA
to'wi, I lit 1 i A K IIKATKK, for heating
i .lie* or Jour i. ojifj. Hepairing-platta for Flre
I' Jit *ii-r? .i on hai.tl. Aido, a large as
iui;iit oj i,iti Chandeliers aud Fixture# of all
i.'ls old i,rjb Kiaturea Jit- bronzed and made as
i". *i Mew ?jv JoHN BOWERS,
r*m i r to Yal?, iiowors 'kale,) Jron Block,
Ovvtpuor aireet, iiivinnond, Va. sc4-2m
RICHMOND. YA., THURSDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 12, 1871
I"
NO. 89
Ilidtmomf gisptdt.
THURSDAY OCTOUKR 12, 1S71.
KkC'THK CIRCULATION OF THF. DIS
PATCH IS LARGK.K THAN THF. COMBINED
CIRCULATION OF ALL THE OTHEIi D ULY
N1CWSPAPKR8 OF THE CITV.
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
tiie newspapers REVIVING.
lion Joseph Aledill. of the Tribune, who
is one of the heaviest losers. succeeded yes
terday in leasing a brick building on Wash-
incton street at. the tunnel. He also pur- j
chased two single-cylinder presses used in
u job office on the west side, and has tele- 1
graphed east for paper and type, there be
in:: nothing left here.
>lr. Story, of the Times will erect a
rough one-story building, ami begin to issue
that paper as soon as material can be pur
chased. Tbe Journal is provided tor ou
the west side. The Post, Republican, and j
Stoats Zietung will also arrange for husi- I
noss as soon a-; practicable, but everything
must come from elsewhere. There is no
thing left.
A CONNECTED NAKR ATI VE? ORIGIN AND PRO
GRESS OF TUE FIRE? VIVID DESCRIPTION?
SCENES, INCIDENTS, *0.
The following is a report of the fire and
Us incidents, specially described for the
\-oeiated Press bv those who witnessed
undfousht the flimes throughout:
L ite Sundav evening a boy went into a
?table on l>e Koven street, near the river,
nil the wot >i'le, to milk a cow. earrymg
with him a kerosene lamp, lhis \\ab
kicked over by the cow, and the Imrnmg
fluid scattered among the straw. This was
the beginning of the great fire. A .in*,
extinguisher on the ground, or active work
bv the police in tearing down one ^r two
shanties, would hare prevented the spr
ing of the flunes but tbe engines weie
waited for, and when they arrived
TllK FIREMEN, STUPEFIED
bv their exertions at the first lire on Satin
dl?y night, worked slowly and
Their efforts were unavailing, lht wmu
blew a gale from the southwest.
Rapidly the llmies sh ?t Irom house to
house, and from board-yi?vd to board-yard,
having mean while crossed the river north
of Twelfth street to tbe south feidc, and
made for the brick and stone biwuess
blocks, the railroad freight depots and
manufacturing establishments. Ihe lull
extent of the danger was now realized tor
the first time.
The Fire Department, already tired out,
worked like heroes, and the Mayor and city
government, that had supinely rested, now
began to exert themselves, but the oppor
tunity had been lost.
A LOST OPPORTUNITY.
The time when thorough organization
could have blown up the buildings or pre
pared for an emergency was neglected, and
it was now a tight for life.
The wind, blowing a stitl gale, had pos
sesion of the flames, and the beautitul
buildings, Chicago's glory, lay before them.
Harrison, Van Buren, Adams, Monroe, and
Madison streets, were soon reached, the
intervening bloeks from the river to Dear
born street on the east being consumed.
Three-quarters ot a mile of brick blocKS
were consumed as if by magic.
UNCONSCIOUS VICTIMS.
It being Sunday, proprietors and em
ploys were at home utterly unconscious of
what was taking place. Those who saw
the Amies supposed it was the remains of
Saturday night's tire, and having confidence
in the tire department, were unconcerned,
but between 11 and 12 o'clock a rumor got
abroad that the lire was in the business por
tion ot the city. Then the people com
inenced moving. Horses were brought into
reouisition to take proprietors and others
to the conflagration. What a scene met
their gaze! The Board of Trade, com t
houser Western Union Telegraph and As
sociated Press office, and hundreds ot other
buildings, were all in lhmcs.
The air was filled with live coals, which
were hurled to north and east a besom ot
destruction. Fire-engines were powerless
f0r saving. AH that the men could do was
to blow up buildings, but this availed but
lltThe Time?. Tribune, Putt, Republican
Journal and other newspaper offices
Western News Company, Black, t leld ?v
Leitter's establishment, tbe Drake block
(recently built), and Farwell Co. s, all
were souii in ashes.
QUICK destruction.
It seemed that no sooner had the flame
struck a wall than it went directly through,
?ind a very few minutes sutlieed to destroy
the mo t elaborately-built structures. Ihe
walls melted and the very brick* were eon
ruined. The wooden pavements took lire,
makin" a continuous sheet ot flime two
miles loug bv a mile wide. No human
hein'g could possibly survive many nun
utJS. Block lifter block IV II, and red-hot
coals sliot higher and higher, and spread
further and lurther, until the north side
was a vast sheet of flame Irom river to hke
At one time it so hemmed the people that
ft ejected thousands must 1/erish.
The Sherman, Tremont, and other hotels,
were emptied of their guests.
A REMARKABLE SIGHT
was presented in the hurrying throngs,
with trunks, sacks, or hags on Heir s lou
Ili'rin- auiid the flauies for their lives.
Those who could made for the suirounil
itiK bridges others cot next to the lake
shore and to the south.
FLIGHT OP THE PEOPLH.
Now was to be seen the most remarkable
sl^ht ever beheld in this or any country.
There were from 50,000 to 75,000 men, wo
men, and children, fleeing by every availa
ble street and alley to the southward and
westward, attempting to save their cloth
ing and their lives.
Every available vehicle was brought into
requisition ("or use, for which enormous
prices were paid, and t he streets and side
walks presented a fearful sight. Thousands
of persons and horses, inextricably com
mingled poor people, of h1! colors, shades,
and every nationality, from Europe, China,
and Africa, mad with excitement, strug
gled with each other to get away.
SCENES OF DISTKES9 AND DISTINCTION.
Hundreds were trampled under foot,
men and women, loaded with bundles and
their household goods, to who.-e skirts
were clinging tender infants, half-dressed
and barefooted, all seeking [daces of safety.
Hours alter they might have been seen in
vacant lots, or on the streets far out in the
suburbs, stretched in the dust. These are
the sutl'erinir lambs whom Christ calls on
the rich world to feed and clothe. God
help them, if the heart of man should
prove obdurate.
THE LOSS.
The New York Eoening Frprens, writiug
in a reiiasuiing vein, makes the following
statements
The assessed valuation of property in
Chicago in 1870 was $206,054,883, of which
$211,371,240 were real estate and $54,053,655
were perrsonal property. The produce
merchants of New York must suffer, but
uot so much in the matter of the loss of
actual money as in the loes of business con
nections. Of lute years New York city has
advanced a comparatively small amount on
grain in store at Chicago, as the national
banks have almost monopolized this busi
ness.
The loss of business to the members of
the Produce Exchange by this lire is some
thing rather dilUcult to estimate.
The Chicago insurance companies will
probably be all wiped out. The banking
interests of New York city will suffer, but
to what extent it is hardly possible to sav.
The Chicago banks which auvanccd largely
on grain keep accouuts with New York
eltv banks, and frequently borrow money
here. If these Chicago banks are carried
down, theu our city banks will suffer, but
not enough to break any of them. Chicago
has got to be rebuilt, and New York city
naturally must assist materially inthismat
ter.
Large amounts of money will be sent
from here to pay insurances, and altogether
it looks tcry much as if we bad to pa?s
through a heavy drain of currency to the
West. It is a matter for regret that the
New York city banks are so much extended
nt the present crisis.
The railroads entering in Chicago will
lose heavily by property destroyed, and
also by the lotss of business for some time
to come.
CHICAGO INSURANCES IN NEW YORK-HEAVY
LOSSES OF NEW YORK COMPANIES? PROBA
BLE failures.
In the confusion of the day, and with
the natural unwillingness of the officers of,
the losing companies to reveal the amount
of risks they have taken on property in
Chicago, it is Impossible as yet to give a
complete list of the losses which will fall
upon the insurance companies of New
York; but diligent Inquiry has furnished
the material for the following approximate
estimates
Bcehman 9 200,0f0
Citizens 25 ooo
Columbia 8.000
Comirerci?l 5. ooo
Excelsior 20.).000
Fulton 200.000
(?umttan 36, oco
Home, heavy
IIowhkI 800,000
I n torn at 1 ou a I soo ooo
Jjaf&t cite 7,coo
Liverpool ami London anU Globe, v? ry
Leavy
Market loo, ooo
Com met ce, amall
Etna. h?;avy
Mectisulca 15,000
Mechanics and Traders 30 ooo
Merchants of New York lG,ooo
New Amsterdam, heavy
New York 15,000
North Ainerc*n. heavy
H. Hrttlshaud Mercantile, Tery hcuvj
I'aclll; or New York i2,ouo
I'aciflc of California, gone
I'hrenlx 300,000
TraJennbtis 21,000
Wllllanistbnrg oily fts'oo0
Germanla, Hanover. Republic, and Nl
ftK?ru(rour conup?nleB), about l.ooo.fluo
Total so far estlmitcd iiaasTooo
Boston locoes ol8, uoo
Total insurances E;ist, so far as known!
$3,4SG,500.
It will be seen that the total losses of the
New York companies and of the se foreign
companies who have agencies hern are esti
mated thus fur nt, nearly three millions of
dollar*. It should be said, however, that
several of the companies named as holding
risks are not yet apprised that they have
suffered loss.
I They have taken policies in various parts
of Chicago, and some of them may have
escaped serious loss. Among these are the
i Commercial, Columbia, Larayette, Guur
diau, and Pacific, of New York. The
t amounts held by these companies in Chi- 1
cago, given in the foregoing table, are there
fore not of necessity total losses.
I It is known, however, that terribly
heavy losses have been incurred. The
Plusnix, of this city, will probably loso
8300,000, and the amount cannot exceed
j $.350,000. Its surplus is $S58.755, and its
capital is ?1,000,000, with liabilities outside
of Chicago amounting to $93.730? leaviug
a balance on capital and surplus over and
above all losses of $1,515,018. This is of
ficial.
The English companies which have
agencies in this city? the Liverpool and
London and Globe and the North British
and Mercantile? have been very heavily
struck but the laiter has a reserved fund
of $0,000,000. The exact amounts falling
on these two companies cannot be ascer
tained, but their stability will not be
shaken.
It is feared that, four companies at least
will be wiped out by this terrible disaster.
Rumor names the Beekiuan, Fulton, Ex
celsior, and the Pacific, of Caliiornia; but
i we give this only as a rumor, hoping lhat a
1 further examination will show a better re
sult.
The New Amsterdam is reported to have
lost all its surplus and part of its capital
but wo aive this also as a rumor.
The Home and the Market companies
are also heavy losers? exact amounts not
yet ascertained. It is supposed that the
loss of the Market Company will exceed
*100,000.
The Howard Company will lose a large
amount it is not yet known how much,
its total liabilities in Chicago are ?300,000.
It is pretty certain that the International
has sustained losses to the amount of $300,
000.
The Merchants Insurance Company, of
New Yoik, had only $15,000 in trie burned
district, and has a net surplus of $232,414
over its capital of $200,000, as the following
statement shows:
The Merchants Insurance Company of
this citv escape the Chicago fire with a loss
of $15,000 as the most extreme limit of their
loss. Readers will not confouad this with
the Merchants, of Chicago, and other cities.
The Etna lias a heavy loss, but will be
able to pay every dollar from the reserve
fund.
The "Williamsburg City Fire Insurance
Company informs its policy-holders that
the tire in Chicago does not aftect its finan
cial standing, as the whole amouut at risk
is but $S5,000. With a ca-li capital of
$250,000, and a cash surplus of over $250,
000, policy-holders are afforded a guarantee
against any contingency.
Four companies named in our table, the
Germania, Ilanover, Republic, and Niaga
ra, work together, und their united losses
are roughly estimated at $1, COO, 000, but the
proportions of each are not yet known.
Ttio Niagara has had no losses on direct
risks, but is interested in the lire through
the Underwriters' Agency, No. 175 Broad
way. Its ollicers have received no report,
and cannot give any information.
COMPANIES NOT LOSERS BY THE FIRE.
The New York companies which are
known to have escaped loss are the follow
ing Hamilton, Metropolitan, Importers j
and Traders, Rutgers, Knickerbocker,
Eagle, Equitable, Royal, Peoples, Star,
Standard, American, St. Nicholas, Geb
hard, Arctic, Exchange, and Hope.
Most of these companies hud no agencies
in Chicago, and others which formerly had
agencies there closed them a year or two
ago, the undercutting and bitter rivalries
of the western insurance business having
disgusted the officers.? Xcxc York Commer
cial.
THB INSURANCES IN BOSTON.
The following are amounts of insurance
by Boston companies on property in
Chicago, and supposed to be lost
M auulacturers
Neptune ^'2 1

Washington
Bojlston
Shoe and Leather
Howard "500
Xorth American
City.
Lawrence.
15,000
10,000
Total fcais.ouo
It is reported that four other Boston com
panies have lost so heavily that their sus
pension for a time may become necessary.
TEE INSURANCE IN BALTIMORE.
The Baltimore, Firemcns, American,
Associated, Howard, German, ami Equita
ble Insurance Companies of Baltimore are
all fortunate in having no risks whatever in
Chicago. The following companies have
risks, it is understood, but ol course the
sums are not all losses but where they are
losses they will be promptly met without
detriment to the company, except, perhaps,
in the case of the Merchants auu Mechanics,
which has an agency in Chicago, and had
heavy risks: .National, $35, (MX); Union,
$20,000 Peabodv, ?10,000 Peoples, $17,
000 Maryland, $12,500 Continental, ?5,
000^ Franklin, ?10,000 Potomac, 910,000
Merchants' and Mechanics' risks said to be
more than equal its capital stock of $200,
000, yet is hoped the losses will not be over
one-third the ainou nt.? Baltimore Sun.
From the New York Commercial, 10th.
Statements from Insurance Companies.
THE CITIZENS INSURANCE COMPANY.
The Citizens Insurance Company, of
this city, having closed its ageucy in Chi
cago more than a year ago, does uot lose
over $25,000 by the late disastrous tires
In that city.
TAB PACIFIC, OP OALIPORNIA,
We have received the following
u To the Editor of the Commercial Adver
tiser:.
We ahall be much obliged if you will
corrcct vour first edition report.J 'n
I you report the Pacific, of Civliforriin, ft3
{rone '-adding a few lines below that this
is more rumor.' In the present condition
ot' affairs we cannot tell the exact
the Pacific, but have noreason t^ think
that it will be disastrous to the company.
l0"rTEAN0R, HEIN LOCKWOOD."
thb metropolitan insurance company.
The Metropolitan Insurtnce Company of
this city, having paid over &5,?M,0OT Icwe9
within the past fifteen years at different
agencies, now confines its bu^nes* to the
Metropolitan District, and has not lost a
dollar In the Chicago fire.
THE AMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY.
The American Fire Insurance Company
announce that they have no agencies f ind
are not affected by the great fire in Chicago.
THB GERMANIA INSURANCE COMPANY.
The Germania Fire Insurance Company
state that, although suffering respectable
loss at the Chicago fire, the company fo not
materially affected by the calamity, as not
only is its capital unimpaired, but a lar^e
surplus left after paying all its losses.
THE HANOVER COMPANY.
The Hanover Fire Insurance Company
had a cash capital of ^400-^0 <^tob|?
with a gross surplus of $350,000. loiai
assets, $750,000. Should their entire risks
in Chicago be a total loss, the company
will still have assets to the amount ot
$500,000, which will be 8100.000 more than
their capital. This is a good showing, and
the stockholders are more than satlsuea.
THE NIAGARA COMPANY.
I The Niagara Fire Insurance Company
state that notwithstanding the Chicago
fire, they will have a surplus of over %>l,ooo,
000 good assets still standing, which gives
them ample room to effect all insurance
that may offer.
THE UNDERWRITERS' AGENCY.
A meeting of the Germania, Hanover,
Niagara, and Republic Insurance Compa
nies, composing the Underwriters' Agency
of New York, was held this morning, and
preparation was made to pay immediately
upon adjustment all losses incurred at
Chicago after tloinz which the capitals of
all the companies will remain unimpaired,
with a surplus of over half a million of
1 dollars leaving the gross cash assets of the
Underwriters' Agency over two millions
and a half. This statement is from' Mr. B.
S. Walcott, president of the Board of
Managers.
THE WESTCHESTER COMPANY. I
Office Weschester Fire Insurance Co.,
No 1 Cortlandt street.
To the Editor of the Commercial Advertiser:
Will you please announce through your
columns, in answer to many inquiries con
stantly received, that this company will
sustain no loss by the great tire in Chicago?
Geougb J. Penfielp, President, i
THE QUEEN COMPANY.
Queen Fire Insurance Company,?
U. S. Branch, No. 117 Broadway, N. Y.
To the Editor of the Commercial Advertiser:
We desire to inform the insuring public
tlmt this companv, having closed Its agency
in Chicago nearly two years ago, loses
nothing l?v the contlagration In that city.
W. II. Ross, Manager.
OTnER companies
The Standard, Hope, Gebhard, Fx
cliance, and Peoples Fire Insurance Com
panies by card in this day's paper, stale
that they have no insurance on the disas
trous tire which has taken place in Chicago,
and that their capital remains unimpaired,
and they are prpearcd, as heretofore, to
attend to all business that may be offered.
The Arctic Fire Insurance Company ad
vertises in another column a detailed state
ment of its business, and calls attention to
the fact that it has no ri>ks in Chicago.
The Hamilton Fire Insurance Company
did not lose a cent by the lire.
The Hope Insurance give notice that they
sustained no loss whatever by the tire.
The Columbia Insurance Company lost
?3,000 capital, $300, 000. I
The Republic Fire Insurance lost $225,
000 capital, ?300,000 surplus, ?100,000.
The Fireinens Insurance Company's
losses are trifling.
The Knickerbocker Fire Insurance did
not lose a cent whatever.
The Tradesmens Insurance Company's
liabilities in Chicago will not exceed $25,
000 capital, $1. ">0,000 surplus, $*212,000.
SUMMARY OF BALTIMORE SUBSCRIPTIONS. j
The donations from Baltimore up to last J
evening foot up $130,755.75, as follows:
Appropriation l)V City Council. $ioo,om oo
Corn ami Fiour FxcliaDtce Committee.. lu,435 ijo
Citizens' meeting ?t Masonic leuiple.. is, jW oo
Collection at ^mmauuel church ,0j0 oo
Orlleetkn hy provision dualers sj50 oo
Kntfine Company No. 0 oo
Co. lections at two uevrspapcr olllcca... 4jM)d^5
Total $130,754 73
This amount will be largely added to by
the committees of the Masonic Temple
meeting, embracing every branch ol trade
and industry, who will be actively engaged
in canvassing for the next tew da\s. Quan
tities of provisions, clothing, etc., have
been forwarded from this city by parties
having relatives aud lriends in Chicago, and
ill several cases persons have left for the
scene of disaster with a view of bringing
their friends to Baltimore.
The Baltimore theatres will give benefits
to the sufferers.
Provisions Storf.p in the Doomep City?
Their Value anp Amount. There were a
trood mnnv exaggerated reports flying
about in the vicinity ot the 1 roduce L\
change voterday in regard to the total
losses on breadstuff's and other stocks at
Chicago. They were vaiiously estimated
from $5, 000, 000 to $40,000,000. The follow
ing tables give the amount and value ot
stocks in store in the ruined metropolis
on the 1st of October, by which the aggre
gate loss can very nearly be determined:
Flour. 20.360 barrels, at $7 per barrel
total value, $142,520.
Pork. 10,400 barrels, at fcl3 per barrel
total value, $213,850.
Prime mess pork, 2.000 barrels, at $11 per
barrel total value, $22,000.
hard. 8.970 tierces, at $30 a tierce total j
value, $270,070.
Bacon, 4,590,000 pounds, at 9>i cents per
pound total value, $43,500.
Wheat, 1,403,418 bushels, at $1.20 per
bushel; total value, $1,756,101.00.
Corn, 863,253 bushels, at 46 cents per
bushel: total value, $398,396.38.
Oats, 749.240 bushels, at 30 cents per
bushel total value, $224,772.
Rye. 86,319 bushels, at 65J4 cents per
bushel total value, $56, 150.50 .J6.
Barley, 686,255 bushels, at 58 cents per
bushel total value, $401,659.13.
According to the above lisi the total value
of the stocks in store at Chicago on the 1st
instant was $3,528,809.61.? New York
Times.
A sensation.? Information has been re
ceived here indicating that the Mormons
have considered a fearful plan of retaliation
towards the Government for the course
whieh has beeu pursued in Utah against
polvgamv by the Federal judicial authori
t?. lt"is nothing le<s than an effort to
foment an Indian war from Arizona to the
northern bounds of Dakota, to destroy the
overland railroads, and devastate the whole
wMtern frontier. Additional troops have
^enordered to Utah, and as the Govern
ment is forewarned in time, any
scheme of warfare may be nipped in the
Inception. There does not appear to be
anv Tnfomation that any aggressive move
ments have been entered upon, nor that
the Mormons are PreP^e(L]? they^ve
hostilities just now 5. ^L thern sJems to
this plan in contemplation there seems to
be no doubt.? Washington telegram.
What Causes Droughts.? About a year
airo JNew England was suffering trom a
SKSJ I
tion of timber, and close obflen'ers inllb
saras
tfetc York Tribune,
AUCTION SALES T(NDAY.
JAMKS M. TAYLOR will sell at 4 P. M. the
framed dwelling (No. 608) and vacant lot at
tached on the west side of Adams street be
tween Leigh and Jackson.
ISBKLL A BON will sell at half-past 4 P. M. a
framed tenement on Foushe? street between
Broad and Grace.
PAJLNK CO. will sell at 10 A. M., at the otora
of John N. Woodfln, No. 1117 Main ?treef, hla
stock of fancy and staple dry goods, show
cases, mirror, furnace, store-fixtures, &c.
THOMA8 W. K1ESEE will sell at 10 A. M.
household furniture, show-cases, notlcna, car
pets, Ac.
GRUBBS WILLI AM8 will eell at half-past 4
P. M. the three-Jtory brick tenement No. 1015
Main street.
LOCAL MATTERS.
J Action op thk Chamber of Commerce on
the Chicago Calamity.? At a meeting of
tbe Board of Directors of the Richmond
Chamber of Commerce, held lost evening
the following preamble and resolutions were
unanimously adopted
Whereas a terrible calamity has fallen
upon the people of Chicago in the destruc
tion of life and property by the recent fire
in that city, and in common with this whole
I community the members of this Chamber
of Commerce deeply sympathize with the
_ distress and suffering now so general among
the people of Chicago,
I Resolved That a committee of fifteen
members be appointed by the President
I to solicit subscriptions in aid of the suffer
era, and that Isaac Davenport, Jr., Esq..
be requested to act as treasurer of the fund
collected, with authority to distribute the
same."
I The following committee was then ap
pointed: Thomas Potts, George S. Palmer,
M. Milhlser, Thomas Branch, L. D. Cren
shaw, Joseph R. Anderson, Alexander
Cameron, Peyton Wise, John L. Bacon,
1 A. F. Harvey, John Enders, E. O. Nolfing,
John B. Davis, L. H. Frayser, and G. B.
Stacy.
The annual meeting of tbe Chamber was
postponed until Thursday evening the 19th
instant, and the Board then adjourned,
i The committee whose appointment is
above announced will hold a meefingat the
rooms of the chamber of Commerce at
noon to-day.
j The Royal London and Liverpool and
the Chicago Fibk.? Messrs. Peyton El
lerson, agents of the Royal London and
i Liverpool Insurance Company, have re
ceived a telegram from New York stating
that the entire line of that company in
Chicago was ?98,000. Their losses have not
iyet been ascertained.
All RiGnT.? Messrs. Allriend Sons,
ageuts of the Firemens Fund and Union
Insurance Companies, of San Francisco,
have received advices to tbe effect that al
though those companies lost heavily by the
Chicago Are they are all right and
abundantly able to pay out.
j Tns Andes Solvent. Messrs. D. N.
'Walker Co. on yesterday received the
following telegram from the president of
the Andes Insurance Comrapany
"Cincinnati, O., October 11, 1871.
<-J). N. Walker Co.
"Andes perfectly solvent. Will meet all
claims without embarrassment. Go ahead.
"J. B. Bennett, President."
j Liberality op an English Insubance
i Company.? The New York managers of
the North British and Mercantile Fire In
surance Company have received Hie follow
ing telegram from the London Board:
"Subscribe five thousand dollars to Chi
cago sufferers. Settle all losses promptly.
Draw at three dajs' sight. American assets
will not be touched.
Charles E. White,
"Assistant Manager."
This company is represented In Richmond
by Messrs. D. N. Walker Co.
J Conservative Meeting in the County.
j Tbe Conservative citizens of Ilenrico
1 should not forget the township meetings to
be held on Friday for the purpose of eleet
ing delegates to the Convention for the
nomination of county officers. The sheriff",
superintendent of the poor, and county
surveyor are to be elected.

Jefferson Ward to the Front.? The
Old Dominion Conservative Club will meet
at the usual place to-night. The boys arc
i getting up steam for the campaign.
Public Meeting To night.? A meeting
1 of citizens will be held at the City Hall to
night for the purpose of expressing sym
pathy with the city of Chicago, which "lias
recently suffered so greatly. The meeting
is called by the Mayor, and the attendance
I will probably be very large:
The Committee on Streets Generally will
meet this murning at 9 o'clock at the City
Hall.
The Alarm op Fire last evening at 8
o'clock, sounded from box No. 4. third
police station, was caused by the burning
of a few shingles on the roof of a dwelling
house on Henry street. A few buckets of
water sufficed to put out the lire, and the
services of the firemen were not needed.
Sfnt to the Grand Jcry for Swin
dling.? Captain Pleasants, of the lir.st po
lice district, arrested a man by the name
of R. S. Brown on Tuesday night charged
with unlawfully and felouiously obtaining
950 from John C. Davis on a check signed
by Brown and drawn on the Peoples Bank
I of Philadelphia, said check having been
ascertained to be worthless. Yesterday
morning the case was called before Justice
i White. The accused acknowledged his
guilt, and was sent on to tbe grand jury of
the Hustiugs Court tor the first Monday in
November.
The Late Homicide#? Yesterday in the
Police Court the case of Martin Alley,
which bad been previously continued, was
called for trial. The accused waived au
examination, and was sent on to the grand
jury of the Hustings Court for the first
Monday in November.
Convicts Received.? The following con
victs were received at the penitentiary yes
terday from the county of Halifax: David
Baliow and Sallie Jones (colored), con
victed of house-breaking, and sentenced to
one j ear's imprisonment each.
District School Trustees.? The follow
ing district school trustees have been ap
pointed by the Board of Education: For
Gourney Manor district, of Warren county,
Jeremiah Klbler, vice Daniel C. Ilall, re
signed Washington district, Westmore
land county, Dr. B. R. Battaile, vice T. R.
Spilraan, resigned and for Taylor Manor
district, ol Orange county, George W.
Wright, vice Dr. W. L. Wo'olfolk.
Death op Rev. Francis McFarland,
D. D.? This eminent minister in the Pres
byterian Church departed this life at 5
o'clock on the morning of the 10th instant.
His age was between eighty-five and ninety
years. He had been for more than forty
years pastor of Bethel church, in Augusta
county, Va. He was regarded as one of
the wisest and best ministers In his Church,
an able and popular preacher, a devoted
pastor, and an eminently judicious coun
sellor in the judicatories of the Church.
His health had been long very feeble and
his end long expected by himself and his
friends. He departed in great peace, sus
tained by Christian faith and hope.
Sale op Real Estate.? D. K. Weisiger
sold on yesterday the residence of Mrs.
Anna O. Weisiger, deceased, Bain bridge
street, Manchester, fronting sixty feet, for
?1.600.
Unbailable Letters Remaining in the
Richmond Post-Office October 11, 1871.-^
J. H. Anderson, flew York; fl. B. Claf
lin Co., New York James Carey, Balti
more, Md.; Deboet Brothers, New
York Mary E. Dotson Eldridge Co.
Mary E. Gibson, Baltimore, Md. j Will.
Mantfoot; Mary Jefferson, Richmond,
Va. E. S. Jaffray Co., A, King, Koenig
Co., Kornam Co., Leo Co., New
York John Mcintosh, Maryland New
W^^r5t?0S!Sdt, S?rW Y?rk 8* D- H*
W. Smith, Boston, Mass, A. W. Trabuc,
Richmond, Va. I'. H. Underwood, Bos
ton, Maw?. Eddie "Walker. Richmond,
Va. Wjlson Bragg Polk Rich!
mond, Va.
7 v.T
Police Court, Wednesday ?Justice J. J.
Wh^te presiding^? The following casea were
disposed or
Lizzie Edwards (colored), charged with
picking the pocket of Sam Robinson and
scealina therefrom ?25 in currency. Dis
charged from the felony, and held to se
curity in the gum of $300 for twelve months
as a vagrant.
Henry Kefeer, charged with trespassing
on the premises and threatening tho life
of Z. Volaski. Fined ?5.
Benfcy Volaski. charged with stealing one
dog, the property of Henry Reiser. Dis
charged on this charee, but lined $o on
account of his wife, who was found guilty
of assaulting the infant child of Henry
Keiser.
Sam. Fisber (colored), an old offender,
charged with stealing one dog, the pro
perty of Jennie Cook, was required to crive
security in the sum'ot $50 for three months,
under the vaurant act.
Charles Madison, charged with being
drunk and disorderly in the street. Let off.
I Charles Jones (colored), charged with
I bciug a suspicious character, a common
thief, and a vagrant, was discharged.
The Storm and tue Circus.? Last night
the performance at the circus was cut
short by the storm. The wind blow the
rain into the tent to such an extent that
the manager was forced to curtail the per-
formance. Those who were there last
night cannot appreciate the exhibition as
given in the afternoon an exhibition
which excelled any circus ever shown
j here. To-night and tbis afternoon we shall
see the company as they really are.
The steamer Palisade will not make her I
regular trip to King's Mill to-day, having
to lay up for repairs.
triumphant Success of tile Bfactifcl
IVOBINES AND ViCTOitIA GAUDS. -The proprie
tor of the Lke Gallery Is reaping a rich narve.-t
by the Introduction of his novelties In the photo
graphic art. lie continues to keep his prices so
that this beautiful work cornea wlihln the reach of
all. '1 he Lee Gallery Is not open on the Sabbath.
"A hiblt Is a habit," ami the fcu3t hah'.l we
know of Is the habit of dealing with i?, B. fcFENCE
at 1300 Mala street.
WnAT NEXT ?-The unlimited supply of new
goo ds l? still Increasing at the Dollar fc'tore, corner
of Ninth ant'. Main streets. Among tht tv latest we
have seeu a btautiful little piano, smokers' ccts,
tobacco boxes, meerschaum' pipes, toilet sets,
domlnf.B, chcssmen, backgammon boards (fur
nished), bells, gilt bands, shell sets and bracelet?,
hair-brushes and couihs, large looking-glasses,
photograph albums, Ac and many articles appa
rently cheap at double the money they offer them.
Hchool-books of every grade may be fouud at
Ei,lyson A Taylor's, 1110 Main street.
If you want to purchase music or musical in.
struments the best place Is at a music store. Wo
would recommend cur friend Professor E. A.
AMnoLD, whose reputatlcn 6tands In the front
rank as a professor of music, and one who will
uoioff-r Inferior articles to our people, of whom
he is ot e. Hl3 place of business Is the only music
store, south of Baltimore the likhinond Musical
Exchange, D20 Main street.
Parents about to enter their children In school
can procure all the necesjary books Irom Elly
SON A TAYLOB, Main nreet.
The Banking and Insurance Com piny, corner
of Twelfth and Mala streets, Insure all kinds of
property against loss by tire.
Owners of property Insure with the Banking
and Insurance Company, No. I2u2 Main street.
Tlie greatest thing out Is the buckwheat- cike
baker for sale by MOUNTCASTLK, No. 52o Broad
street. We would advise all housekeepers to get
one. It will bake cakes quicker and better than
any other baker that we h ive seen.
Randolph A English have the largest stock
of Kr.gllib, French, German, Latin, and Greek
school-bocks, new ami second-hand. Children,
parents, aud teachers, will save money by sending
their order3 to 1318 Ma'n street.
Ellyson a Taylor, ilia Main street, so'.l all
the boots used In the public schools of the city
and fctate at the very lowest rates.
./on Printing. We call the attention of mer
chants, clerks of courts, sheriffs, lawyers, rail
road, steamship and canal officers and agents, and
*U others having orders for printing, to the factll
tie? offered at the Dispatch Printing Estab
lishment for the prompt aud faithful execution
of all kinds of Job Prlutlug. We can furnish st
short notice Cards, Bill-Heads, Letter-Heads,
Programme*, Ball Tickets, Blanks, Pamphlet*,
Tags, Hand-Bills, Catalogues, Bills of Fare, Show
Bills, Checks, Drafts, vie., Ac., Ac. Satisfaction
guaranteed. _
Havana Changes, frejh and sweet, and lit for
tho gods, may be found at ANTONPs. Go and get
some before they are all gone. The bejt you ever
eat.
ADVERTISE.? Our merchants seeking trudo In
any portion of the country should advertise in the
pjpers of that section. M. Fllyson A Co. will
take advertisements and have them Inserted at
publishers1 rates.
All the German books used In the public schorls
for sale by H LLYSON A Taylor, next to Dispatch
office, Main street.
M. EllYSON A CO., A.C vortlsliig Agents, Dis
patch bullying, will receive advertluements and
have them Inserted In any Journal of the country
at regular rates.
German Text-Books u ed in the public
schools for sale at Ellyson A Taylou's, liie
Miln street. i
Old John hobinson's Caud-Thb Price of
Admission reduced. Old JonN Robinson
would respectfully announce to the people or tlie
State of Virginia that In comtquence of the par
tial failure of the crops In some localities and the
general depre'slou In money matters, that In view
of Hie lunnense patronage he has already re
ceived, and hoping for a continuance of the same,
he has concluded to reduce the price of admission
to his groat Three-Tent bhow, Museum, Caravan,
M -numeric, and Circus- i. e., sevcn'.y-tlve cents
for adulU and fifty ceurs for cliltdrcn uDderteu
years of age. Instead of one dollar and sevonty
llve ceuta, which was charged through the State of
Tennessee on ammntof the exorbitant high rates
of licenses Imposed upon the exhibitions. Ke
rn m ber, the prlcea are Adults, 75 cento; chil
dren under ten years ol age, 5u cents.
The Poptbop Old John Robinson's Mam
moth Three-Tent suow Throcoh the
STATES OP VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA
VIZ.: Ruikville, Saturday, October 7th Danville,
Monday, 8th; Clover, Tuesday, loth; Richmond,
Wednesday, Thursday, FrMay, October ilth, l-th.
and 13th; Petersburg, Saturday, 14:h Weldon,
N. C., Monday, 10th; Tarboro', Tu.sday, 17th;
Rocky Mount, Wednesday, ISth; Wilson, Thurs
day, UHh Goldiboro', Friday, 20tb Raleigh,
Saturday, 2lst HUlsboro', Monday, 23d; Greens
boro', Tuesday, 24th Salisbury, Weducaday, 25th;
Charlotte, Thursday. 26th; Ctetter, Friday, *7tU
Wlnuosbarre, Saturday, 28th; Columbia, S. C.,
Monday, 30th.
Admission- Adults, 75c.; children under ten
years of age, 50c.
TiciusTflPon Sale to the Mammoth Caba
VAN, MENAGERIE, AND ClKCUS, COM I NO TO
Richmond for Tuuee days, the hth, irrn,
and 13th old John Robinson would reapejt
fuily say to hla many friends and patron* In lh6 city
of Richmond and vicinity who are desirous of wit
nessing his mammoth three-lent chow wub their
families, and do not wish to be delayed by the an
noyance of crowding through the maaaca which
always besiege the ticket* wagon, that be has
placed tickets for sale at the following placed -viz.,
West Johnston's, booksellers and statlonert.
No. looa Main street Bodekeb Dade, drug
gists, No. 1444 Mais street; E. A. Ambolds
music store, No. m Main street; and at Jams#
THE DISPATCH
TERMS OF ADVERTISmO-:
CASE? IKY AJJLLBLY IX AD7ANC*.
bso square, trne Insertion.,^, 2
Ose ?<7aam,tiro Irnert Ions J j?
One square, three Insertions.?*.^... J
One square, Hx Insertions, J V
One square, twelve lnsertloi is.
One square, one month ft
One square, two months.... j|?
One square, three months
C. Roy's, bookseller and stationer, corner Ninth
and Broad streets.
The price of admission will be "Sc. for adnlla,
and Mc. for children under tea years of age*
Elltsos k Taylor, Bootse Tiers, ilia Main
street, publishers' ajrenta for MeOoffey's Bead
w? and Spellers, liaiTey's Grammar*, and
QutoO a Geographies
hasus DrrEtxifiEHCE.
^TN'1/tTXJBK ALMANAC, OCTOB** 13, l^?
2? Moon riMtNM'Mw A<*
ian a-ta( 1^.,. 8.371 Bleb tide
poet of Richmond, October u, \Kfh
ABBTVOT.
Stein rer Pallsiulf, Kelson, Xlng'i MUI, m?r
Cbaodlaeand Mjseueers.
to ordeA1"1 itram' Voy* Scotia, plaster,
chooser Breezy Nelson. Phlltdelphla. pi*
4?pirter l0n N,dl WaTks to Curtis
8chwr Emmt, Hopkins, Havre de Grace,
CoaJ, C. TJ. Pa*e vesfel to Curtis ft Parker.
Schooner Annie Kdlth, Weaver, craln.
SAILED.
Steamer John Sylvester, Glfford. Norfolk, mer
chandlseand pasiienrere. L. B. Tat am ft Co.
PEPABlUREf* OF fcTEAMEM.
XT OTICE.? The steamer PALI- .&J33L
i* SaDE will not mate her regular Jtt&Bftb
trip to Kind's Mill on Thursday, hiving to lay up
for repairs.
Dae notice will he given of the resumption of
her tripe.
oc it WILLIAM P. BRETT.
E^OR NEW YORK.? VirjrUua^ftSftjt
.1 Steamship and Packet Company'
etejrant stearnahlp WILLI AM P. CLYlrtE, Cap
tain Ubkw, will leave her harf at JKookeUs oo
TRIDAY, Octobcr 13th. at i P. M.
Connectfpg with steamers for Hartford, Nor
wich, Stonlngton. Fall river, and Boston flrom
same pier.
Close connections and through bills lading (riven
to all southern, eastern, and western places also
to Europe and Australia.
Fare, ?s meals and state-rooms, extra.
For freight or passage, apply to
L>. J. BURR, President.
121? Main street.
V'AsniNOTON ft CO., Agents, Pier 13 North Riven
New York- oc 1S K
??oK NEW YORK.? The 0\d^fS?L
j? Dominion Steamship Co.'s ele-^aWUksa.
(?ant side-wheel steamship NIAGARA, Captain
will sail on FltlDAl, October 131k, at 2
o'clock P. M.
(freight received until l P.
Through bills of lading sigued, and goods for
aarded with illsv*tchto all points- -north, south,
?a' t. and west. Cl<*e connections made with Cu
card lint for foreign ports. i
Pasoemrer accommodations aasurpassed.
Fare, *11 6teerage, 68 round-trip tickets, fto.
for frel^bi, or passage, apply to
JOHNS' V. WY ATT, Ajrent.
ocll 31 No. Uovernor street.
OR BALTIMORE? T R I- jgCTjLr
WF.EKLY LINK-NO TliAN-tiSBBHU
SHiPMhXT OF FREKHIT? LEAV h. ulcit
MONDPVKRY TITF.SDAY. THURSDAY, ANI)
I SATURDAY. -Tbe steamer STATS OF MARY
LAND will leave her wharf on THURSDAY at 8
o'clock A.M.
Freight received up to 7 o'clock P. M. W ednes.
1 da
This steamer has splendid stateroom and pas
server ac-coinmod itlons.
Passage, only
For freight or passage, apply to
oc l0-3t WM. P. BRETT, Apcent.
EDUCATIONAL.
EPISCOPAL HIGfl SCHOOL
?j OF VIRGINIA, NSAK ALEXANDRIA.
^esalon begins SF.I'T). MRFW 27TH, 1871, and
ends .June mil. 1872. Terms, $330.
i For Catalogue, with full particulars, apply te
Ij. tt. BL/vfc'KFOKD, M. A.,rr1ncip?l:
J an 28-2m Lock Kox 13, Alexandria, Va.
MISS KATE CLOPTON'S SCHOOL
for young ladles and children, Linden How,
j No. too ea:?t Franklin street. Tliu dutle3 of this
school will be re3nmed on MONDAY, October
2d, 1871. The musical department will be uudor
I the care of Mrs. Wm, II. Powkrs. For circulars
of terms, apply to Mas. POW BUS,
au 5-3in at the school-rooms.
Iji W. CONE'S
!i. ENGLISH AND CLASSICAL SCHOOL
KKMOVKD TO
CHURCH HILL,
In the rear of the new drug store on Broad street,
near '-!3th street.
Circulars at the bookstore* and the above-named
drugstore, at which place the subscriber solicits
applications bv note or In person.
Terms made known on application.
E. W. CONE, A. M.,
ee 12-er.dlm Principal.
1? EM ALE COLLKGI ATE INSTITUTE,
303 TWELFTH STREET.
The nfxt session will begin on MONDAY, the
?5'li SFP l'EMHEH. Tuition In English branches,
$ii) to $55. Latin, French. German, ami Muslo
j taught by experienced icachers. Catalogues cau
be found at the bookstores.
se 13-lrn E. K. PARHAM. A. M., Prlnclpa'.
WOOD AX1) rOAIi.
I ?10AL AND WOOD.
remrhber~the place.
j We challenge a comparison of quality, quantity,
j aii'i prices
I Hest CLOVF.R HILL COAL from fs.coto W.W
AnTHU ACITK C JAL as low as |7 OaK ana
j i'lNh WOOD at lowest prices. All fuel cheap
I for cash. Call and see f->r yourselves at Nlne
I teenth and Cary, or 7cs Grace street.
j oc lu CHAtU.KS H. l'AGE A CO.
'/\AK. OAK, OAK.? We will commence
receiving on Thursdty next, October I2ib, loo
cords O* K and 100 cords PIN K WOOD, which Is
thoroughly seasoned. All or this wood Is cut
four feet four inches long. Those wanting wcod
will do well to cail attonce and leave their orders.
BENJ. C. WATKIN8 A MKOTHKR.
oc IO-lw* Office 1419 Main street.
0OAL, COlvE, AND WOOD.
I am now prepared to furnish the best Clover
mil LUMf and HAIL C A L ?OFl* CORK
the best fuel for stoves and ranges ANTHRA
CITE COAL, OAK and PINE WOOD.
Coal-yard on Basin bank, corner of 10th and
Gary streets.
se ifl-lm A. D. TOWNF.8.
f 10AL, COKE, AND WOOD.- We are
V>/ now reiulv to furnish the puollc with all
grades of cr.OVKB HILL COAL, fresh from
th?' mines, at summer prices. A lso, SO* l
OKE, perfectly clear of dirt and slate, at the
following prices:
LUMP, (6.00;
HiIL, $5.'0.
ANTHRACITK COAL-Kgg. Steve, and Nut
of the very beit quality, and at th? lowest market
value.
OaK and PINE WOOD-lo"g. sawed, and
split? always on hand and for sale cheap by
ANDERSON KING,
Basin bank, between 8th and 9th streets.
sel3-lm
JOHN WERTH, office on 11th street,
one door from Main, deals la
C0?Ll..C.0KK' AND WOOD.
Anthracite, Wlnterpock, and Clover Hill
t;0AL an9 S0FT COKE.
^pop-Long, aawed, *nd split.
All at the lowest market rates for cash.
Be :-3m JOHN WERTH.
TH RAOITE COAL.
Receiving to-d*y a cargo of ANTHRACITE
COAL, for sale from vessel low.
WOOD- Oak and Pine, long and sawed.
COAL and COKK? Best Bituminous Coal and
Soft Coke at low rates- B. COTTRKLL,
an '.'4 Corner Basin bank and 9th street.
B. BENTLEY, AGENT.
Coal-yard and office corner 19th and Gary eta.;
also olhce tor orders on comer of 13th and Gary
(with Peyton dt Gary), Immediately opposite
the new Corn Fxchange. Dealer In ANTHRA
CITK and CUMBERLAND COAL in sizes and
qualities suitable for grates, stoves, cooking,
steans-englnea, and smiths' work. ae lS-lm
|"iOAL AND WOOD.?I am now pre
\J pared to furnish CLOVER HILL COAL, at
the lowest summer prices, viz CLOVER HILL
LUMP at $*.oo per load, delivered, and GLOVER
HILL HAIL at $4.50 per load, delivered.
A supply of WOOD and ANTHRACITE COAL
constantly on hand for sale at the lowest market
prices.
1 am also prepared to farnlsh CLOVER MILL
COAL at the same price* In Manchester. Now
hi the time to lay la your winter supply.
A. B. WOOLDRIDG*.
Office and Yard, nth street beyond Byrd.
Jy 12? 3m
i NTHRACiTE COAL, LEHIGH, LOR
A. H&RKY, LY KENS VALLEY, and LOCUST
MOUNT, In FOUNDRY, EGG, STOVE, and
CHESTNUT sizes.
1 am prepared, with the above celebrated BED
and WHITE ASH COaLS, to furnish purchasers
MjKTlEmftu.AKD CLOV.it KlU.
bituminous coali S. P. LATHROP,
jy n Wlh street and Drawbridge.
A NTHKACJLTE COAL.? Now afloat, 800
A toes best quality R. A. EGG and 8TOVE
COA LS, which will be sold from the vessels at low
^Ifaifand eee my prices, and lay In yow winter
supply of coal before there Is an advance la coal
and freights luthe ?orthe? marteU^
jy it Comer 17th and Pock stteeU.
PPOMATTOX TAPER MILL,
PETERSBURG, VA.,
Manufacturers of News, Book, and Wrapping
Orders solicited, to widcS* we promise pro*ps
and faithful attention. _
MflLWAINI 4 COj
m ma Owww* ?ad fitnaainiss Merehaiw
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING NEATLY
EXtfCUTXD AT TliW WIWM,