rjai ;-irt--.i nr jc. r v a a 7 xn. yo y fl-wi?' 1 1 1 1 in 1 isi 1 ia i tr aw iiinwin pwnii iw ibimih i
rirSF-. J-r Vrfv?-ir(; 2TZr? iiSrSkiTSli Tr.i5&7TVStV's.iW
fa'v
J5Ar '."T.? Wi;W'7WSW
v v iji .fjC.ti-j&-vs5i'3iSj-c-.u jt .-r;-"-.r .-?i
"Tflj-.
r3?if,.
Al
ri

-.swr r.ki f r -jjjm1 ii b- .r- 11 '-r-r-rir t'jr.AjrH f"ir --j ws o-.a a k .a Ti a &nnvs -nsr t jig. r -j--r-p jajLt uav -r i 1 a 1 zbwwtbbhv vwj'iht
IfWPJP
v.TnriH 1'HTTRMOAT. NOVEMHKK fcA 1 H71
--1, T" F -y :5S r- ,.ja
5f
"-jjZ.
$?A
E-5W
r'j5C
S
a
y?J

B-J A
Pf "if
J.
S

Mm.
w
8&
sVlS
.r
e
LffT

i ?i
ijp


ft
E&
5Sr
&4
r

t'???-
a--,
f.
it.
&r
vr-1
r-ts.-'
FSL:
fcS"
ia

Kir
fc?.
fc-A?X
JL
lv r
pW-Y

n
tV
iZh
WE
"a.-
Lvv
r-iv.-r
r
Y&&
itf
OS;
rj-
faVT"
?V-s
m-
rv
BSs



KESh.
te?ju-
rftiJ
"ti
'r-tf-V
-mf
kjrr
Mf. "4.
S--
h
9TXfT.
:?a
WA
pCr-er
rsz?
?c
35?-.
TTr-"
H:ccltl2 Spates
ThL t-SDA Y, NOVEMBER 2, 1871.
TUE SitBIJCOTr CASE.
We are informed by telegraph that Dr.
Medlicott has bea found guilty f lhe mur
der of Mr. Bulb, but that his counsel aie
endeavoring 10 obuin a new trial for him.
BlU.1a.1U.
It is refreshing to notice the healthy ren
timeni now prevailing towards bolter. There
U a strong deposition to let bye gonea be bye
goncs, but tlie disposition is much stronger
ti allow no bolting now. 11 anyone aoesoo.i,
h must be content to take a back seat for a
few years to oom
TUK luL4tt St.
Germany eurpris.-s the world by claiming
the credit of discovering the open Polar hea.
Many wise observers have held to the firm
belief that the only way to reach the mystery
which surround the North Ple was by way
cv, P.,-, fir it will bec'jnlirmationofthis
tlieory if the German expedition has really
this way reachwl the o gea.
EXrl.OMU. Ul'1 HE CORPSE.
Last evening, about 9 o'clock, a lamp
exploded iu the office of the Corpn, and by
this time the news has been keroeened over
the wires throughout the land. A stroke of
lightning could not animate him, but when
the devil burets a lamp afhis head, we bel he
has waked up and sent a telegraphic ad.,
telling all about it, to the remotest corner of
the civiliied earth.
OSK OF THE CYCLOP.
It is said that the Grand Cyclops of the
Ku-Klux KIsn of Giorgia, rays the New
York Herald, is no lees iensonsge than the
ton-iu-law of General Toombs, that famous
man who threatened once upon a time to
rail tlu mil of his slavt lrom the apex of
Bunker Hill Monument amid the flashing
lightnings of Southern right', and the rat
tling thunders of the constitution. It must
be this man and not the other man, who is
the real Grand Cyclops of the Georgia Ku
Kluxes. I'AI.I. IS UWLU.
The influence of.the Chicago disaster ha
been curiously reflected in the gold market
by a decline of the price to 112. The
reason of this reaction lies in the fact that
gold, having been demonetized by the sub
stitution of, greenbacks asa legal tender, lits
had to suffer like all the other Wall street
commodities, which have shrunk in value at
the approach of stringent money and fiDsn-
rial excitement. The more fully greenbacks
fill up the channels of business the more
likely is gold to take its pls.-c as a currency ut
its par in PJIj
.r.AVF.StWOI!TII TO TABLE ROCK,
We arc informed by Msj. Firth, Superin
tendent, that trains on the Atchison and Ju-
braska Railroad will run to Table Had
Nebraska, on and after November 1, leaving
Atchbon et 10 a. m ai.d arriving at T.iMe
Bock at 3:30 p. in., returning immediately
and reaching Atcliii-on at 9 a. m.
Table Koc is 84 miles from Atchison
:x miles from Pawnee City, the county scat
of Pawnee County, and fifteen miles from
Tecumseh, the county feat of Johnson county,
with both of which points it is connected liy
lines of stage. Close connections made with
the express on the Mi-fouri Pacifie.
e.wtew;t
The editors, with one voice at the Conven
tionexpressed themselves pleased with Law
rence. In the afternoon, carriages for a
kundrcd people were furnished free, and
those who desired saw the most beautiful
town in Kansas. In the evening the elite of
he city met at Liberty Hall, a splendid
band lurniched music, and the editors and
their wives with the brave and fair ones of
Lawrence indukeJ in the dance to their
beans content.
Gen. C. W. Babcock, Hon. Sidney Clarke
Mr. Gimmell, Mr. Kallock and others did
cverrthin? needed to make even an editor
bappy. All were duly sober, consequently
nappy, and resolved to vote for Bibcock as
the next Senator from Kansas.
E BAIL ASO LBW WATEB.
The recent opening of the European and
Forth American Bailway completes the con
nection between New York and Halifax, and
seems likely to modify, in an important
decree, the course of European travel. The
road will be continued to White Haven Bay,
Ike extreme point of Nova Scotia, and
peace forth we may expect that many
European tourists will accept the opportunity
thus offered to go by rail to that point ard
there embark, thereby avoiding seven hun
sired miles of sea travel, and that, too, the
rami dangerous and uncomfortable part of
tka voyage. It is by no means improbable
that White Haven Bay may in the future
become the absolute western terminus of at
least one line ot trans-Atlantic steamers.
KtJKHIA AKMIftU.
Russia is said to be arming herself, n
the Hates, swiftly and powerfully at every
point. Immense amounts of machinery,
steam boilers and wire rigging have been
seat to the southern ports, Cronstadt is being
strengthened and engineers are laying out
new lines of defense in various quarters.
Meanwhile the regiments of the line are at
work in competive rifle (-hooting, the caval
ry are being remodeled on improved prin
ciples, and all these things are being pushed
with the utmost dispatch. Can it be that
Russia doubts the good faith of Prussia, or
is it that she dreads -her power? That one
nr both these suppositions is true, there can
belittle doubt. It is said that a profound
dread of a fresh uprising in Poland, a uui
.renal insurrection, prompted by German
ynilitists and backed by German bayonet,
is the tree secret of all these formidable
preparations. The explanation is plausible
as regards the Western frontier, but scarcely
accounts for the vast operations on the Black
ea.
WIIB, riRE AMI B1A1X.
The Bsparalleled rapidity of movement
aad uni whelming destructiveness of these
WeatsaB ire, says the Herald, are charge-
if-N aaw w tae aerce wuhm wubu iccu uitw uw
i. j ?i m j t.s-i. t i .i i
them onward. But why. these fierce
aaamiatinr to hurricanes? They are
3sLc i litr it fiA Frnm T.l:
Miahiffaa to the Rocky Mountains, and from
tae Bntjah possessions down to Mew .Mexico
nswheve a region of great plains. Over these
plait, as over the deserts of Africa and Asia
aa the pampas of South America, the winds
have tree pky. In their free play they in
AtJge ia frequent tornadoes daring the spring
ajti ewer, and in long and heavy blows
'4ariag the aatasm and winter. In regard
tethe hurricanes accompanying these West-
m ires they rteolt, first from the TcuuseW
light, or rariSed air created by the fire, and
suat ia the outside current of denser air
,efc.wn into 4he vacuum. Then,
upon the outside atmosphere
iri fnaa a neat fire in an extensive
extend over an indefinite space,
carreat to the fire from the oot
rapidly assumes the character
of a heiiirsnt. Ia a mountainous or hilly
eaaery the ware of the iaooauag air ia
f-rjmaaaaer eat eS; bat on an extensive
;2rilBiB,ae triad fsihere street la propor-
5?yiealetaeafea araeeted. as the oetnoarhw
imutmbem
aauu oam gather aaeaath ia
tathaaiae of the poad. We
fherSaaat Sarrice Bareea wUl
JJaJsaeinileiiie that aach waa the
m sw-thtae hearr
tio-r'-vWUk ajhat
ji saaaiaasaai aasa j,,
tmmm fmix&imLrj&zi
t y.j,i ufaKV M'.rfT.tJTT.'-1
THE
RiXeiB TEt I
THC EW
BlPABrtJRK.
The St. Louis JlrpMuxtnaX length gravely
rroDose that the Democratic party officially
dUband and re)lve t'sclf into a iitieral, re-
firm organization in opposition to the Re
publicans and in imitation ol the couite
uureued in Missouri at the last election in
that State for Governor and legislators.
We had scarcely expected the movement
would come so soon, but we appreciate now
the prediction of Senator Morton, upon his
reading of the Vallandingham resolutions,
that the new departure 'was but the beginning
of the end of the Democratic party, that it
could not pause after taking such a step, hut
would either dissolve immediately or break
into a Northern and Southern faction.
The latter is its condition at the present.
And we now see that the Northern wiuj,
bavins been hoicleas!r discouraged by receat
elections, is preparing to disband, and enter
the ne party of Mr. Schurz or any other
organization formed in opposition to the
great Republican party. thus too they
buie to seduce Liberal Republicans from
their allezance, to entice the soreheaded hro
:heir whitewashed ho-pitals for spavined
vtterans, "who lag superfluous on the stage,"
and to ro amalgamate and regenerate the
Southern element, as to make something
like a decent hope of a show in the next
Presidential contest.
But whether they follow the advice of the
Jicpubliean or not, our party can only count
upon increased and persistent resistance. We
admit the obstinacy of the black jack Demo
crat, wherever you find him, in Kansas, or
in New York. He is an angular, unavaila
ble fragment, and will remain, so long as the
order of things in this world continues to I
imperftct, a disagreeable feature of the body
politic, Mminglv endowed with the patience
of Jo-h Billings' mule, whieh lhaved itself
for sir months in order to eel a chance to
kick a Republican.
Yet there can be no alteration in the final
result, v.hile the Democratic jrarty live as
such, or furuithes the corpe for its on
funeral. Weexpeet and desire opposition,
and any charjein the ranks of our opponints
will be for our poui, if not eventually for
their own also. Philosophically speaking,
we fay, that we are glad that the movement
has l).fii bchuo, but politically considering
the matter, we don t care a cent, Jor e
know that it is to be hereafter as heretofore,
ilnen we encounter the enemy: the same old
wolf iu the skin ol an innocent sheep; or to
use a more familiar illustration, the original
cojp;-ihejd with his new hide, repainted and
calico-ftuWtrcd for the occasion.
For the-c reasons we merely intimate to
our friends that should tiiey now double
their licks that thev may obtain the full
benefit of the evident beginuing of the end.
and reap a rich reward in increased ruajori
tir all over the State. Hit them hard.early
and ofien, and above all things, keep the
thrashing mill in good running order, for
we have a plentiful Mipply of material to
run thrrugh the machine on the 7ih day oi
November next.
akavuz o -mi:
SCHOOL
31 ICIIL'SEI IN
ST.Ss EM.
Massachusetts (tople, though they have
in some resject3 schools as good as any in the
world, are obliged to hear them sometimes
sharply criticised. Prof. Agassiz told the
Teachers' Convention in Boaton last week
that he thought in public education that "too
much was made of the memory and too
little of the mind." "There were," in his
opinion, "too few teachers and too large
classes or school'. The-e large schools re
minded him of barracks for soldiers rather
than friendly places where children should
be taught." Other evils are, that one roan
is required to tcr.ch too many branches, in all
of which he cannot be proficient; that text
books arc too much the work of men who
write not from their knowledge, but rs a
trade; and that there is too little instruction
in ISature, which can be comprehended by
the smallest child. Pbyi-ical geography,
geolosy, botany, zoology, physiology should
be taught a- well as grammar. Agnssiz pro
ceeded in this style for some time, and his
remarks were received with profound atlen
the mt or xovejiber.
One week from next Tuesday, the "th of
NoveniW, is the greit day of the fall elee
tions. Nine States vote on that day for
general and local tickets, either or both. Il
linois elicts one Congressman at large in
place of John A. Logan, elected to the Uni
ted States Senate, and one Congressman in
the sixth dietrect to take the place of Burton
C. Cook, resigned. Maryland elects a Gov
ernor, State officers and legislature; Massa
chusetts, the same; Minnesota the same; Mis
sissippi elects a legislature only; Kansas a
legislature and county officers; New Jersey a
Governor and legislature; New -York State
officers and legislature, and Virginia a legis
lature. The elections are of the highest im
portance, and the drift of popular opinion in
favor of the Republicans, warrants the expec
tation that large Republican gains wit' be se
cured. Illinois, Massachusetts, Kansa,
Minnesota and Wisconsin are safely and
largely Republican. New York and New
Jersey are debatable ground, with the pros
pects goad for Republican gams in these
States; while Maryland, and Virginia
will doubtless go Democratic
THE JlOfXMO.N AFt'AIK.
The conviction of Hawkins and the prose
cution of the other polygamists, it seems,
from the dispitches published tolay,
threaten to result in another pilgrimage by
the Latter Day Saints to an unsettled portion
of the globe, if such a spot cn be found,
where they may rest in peace and practice
their aliominalion". But Hawkins is by no
means so great a sinner as many others, for
he contented himelf with two wives, while
others hive had a treble and quadruple
shire of the bleings of matrimony; and the
others know it, so that they threaten, unless
Hawkins is pardoned, or acquitted on a new
trial, and other prosecutions are dL-conlinued,
to burn" their houses and go forth again to
find the promised land ol Mormondotn.
With no less a penalty than a fine of
$1,000, and three years imprisonment apiece,
staring them in the face, they have good rea
ajn to fear; and if they decide to move they
will naturally determine to destroy their
farms and dwellings before they will let
them fall into the hands of the Gentile',
making a desolate wilderness ol the valley cf
Salt Lake City.
This last act of desperation will not be
pet milted by the government, if it can he
prevented by lawful authority.
However, the Mormon affair becomes in
teresting as it proceeds, and we may look for
the story of the destruction of Salt Lake
City should the Mormons determine to flee
the whip of justice, for they seem as fanati
cal' and determined in defense of theirpolv
gamic icstitutions as were the Russians, wt
applied the torch to the cabins and palaces of
Moscow..
History frequently repeats itself, and we
may find a modified illustration of this truth
in the course of events, in dealing too se
verely with the Mormon church at this late
hour of tl.c day.
M ll-li A41AIM.
At lhe close of the rebellion, a number of
the disgusted left the South to fiad homes in
Brazil, for themselves and fassiliea. The
majority have returned, wiser aad sadder
people, for they found oat taat tbe intitu
tioaof aUvery, which they thought would
be tixiasl ia that region, waa about to be
abolsshea, aad that it woald perhaps beat
U to he oa aa eqeaKtyat hosae' as oaa
Xew la the faal Terdset f
States vessels. It is to be hoped that thsy
will be hereafter obedient and decent citizens,
and that they hare learned from experier.ee,
how useless it is to oppose the march of av
iliution in thejl9ih century. The moral of
this story i', that at length, wherever the
Christian religion prevails, there is no spot
left on God's footstool where the slaTtholder
can domineer over hi fellow-man.
LOME EBTCBPasMES.
All the notorietv which Denver now seems
to possess, rests upon the progress of the
Narrow Gauge road from that city, and since
Leavenworth has also commenced operations
we may judge as well, that the name of our
c$tv will soon become once more a familiar
household word all over the land- But not
not only as a matter of fame abroad, but ol
encouragement from within, do we congrat
ulate our citizens on that spirit which seems
to move them at present, of encouraging and
suiUiuing home enterprises, of making this
a home market for all manner of domestic
manufactures, and of aiding each other in
the endeavor to build up the city on the most
solid and endurable foundations. The pres
ence of the thousands of men at work on the
public improvements around.us, is not too
sensibly felt as yet, but before the winter is
gone they will have given an i'apelus and
life to trade which has not been felt for many
days. It is thtxs that in assisting a neighbor
we help ourselves.
And besides the railroads which are being
constructed, there are other propositions on
loot to establish manufactories here, which
mretwith univeral approval. e would
suggest to the manufacturers here already, of
high as well as low e4ate, that as they are
peculiarly interested, that they take hold of
this matter, call a meeting of manufacturers
and mechan'cs, and organize rthedevel
opment of new branches of industry or the
expansion of all such as are here, that will
bear expansion, and we doutit not that they
can bear it to a large and prosperous degree.
If this suggestion is worth anything, as a
matter of home enterprise, we hope to see
it acted upon in some manner. Consolidate,
and organize home capital with home labor,
and we will soon become the rival of the
larger manufacturing centers of the East.
And meanwhile there are other proposi
tions now mooted, which are worthy of con
sideration. If any city in the West is in
need of a first-class Opera House, it is Leav
enworth. The proposition to renovate and
refit the piesent building, by Mr. John A.
S.cvens, hns met both with approval and
condemnation, and as the price which he
has fixed is so low, it has addressed itself to
thegood will of our people, at a time when
economy is a study in every lamily. We
leave lU merits to the. consideration ot the
Citizens' Association, whose commiUeO will,
beyond a doubt, report honestly and fairly
upon the matter. But it has been condemn
ed as Ix-ing too cheap, and we think so our
lr If we build at all. let us build a
first-clas theater in every respect.
Therefore, we emphatically say that this
city must have a public hall, suitable to the
comfort and taste of its inhabitants and to
those artists and lecturers, who wish to visit
im limn? the usual season of the year. The
need ofsuch a place is more evident to-day
than it waB one year ago, and as we grow its
want grows with us. Therefore, we ieem
the investment n safe one, and trust that this
home enterprise among the many otl.ers,
which ire now going on, will receive the
hearty encouragement of all our people.
THE PKENIUEAT AXD NOIITHCAK.
oa.sn a.
Nearly all the newspajiers
fall into the
error of referring to the President's recent
proclamation, says the New York Tribune,
as a declaration of martial law in South Car
olina. The president has not declared mar
tial law, and has no power to do so, under
the act of Congress commonly known as the
Ku-Klux law. Martial law is the abroga
tion of all law, except the will of the mili
tary commander; and if courts and civil of
ficers continue to perform their functions it
is only by Jits permission. What tbe Presi
dent has done is to suspend the writ of habeas
c irpus in the nine counties of South Caro
lina specified in his proclamation, and this
is all he has authority to do. The difler
e ice between this and a declaration of mar
tial law is very wide. The civil law is still
in force in those counties, and the authority
of the State courts is not lessened except in
one particular their process will not release
a man arrested by United States officers for
an offense against a United States sutute. It
should be borne in mind, further, that to
prevent the possibility of unjust imprison
ment, the Ku-Klux law provides that the
case of each person arrested shall at once be
brought before the Grand Jury of the Fed
eral Court, and if the jury do not find a bill
of indictment the prisoner shall be forthwith
released. mm
A NXALL UOBflE.
The St. Louis Hepvblieau, which has de
nounced the President's recent proclamation
in regard to the Kn-KIux of South Carolina,
says that martial law is becoming the law of
the land, and proceeds to sustain its fiction
by saying that Sheridan proclaimed martial
law at Chicago, following the excitement of
the fire. It also intimates that the Illinois
Sale authorities have taken serious umbrage
at the matter, and by a small dodge endeav
ors to muddy the Northern political stream
for the protection of Southern murderers and
OiltllWS.
Now the toith of the matter is, that uy the
let Chicago papers we have received copies
cf the corrcspondencebetween Gen. Sheridan
and Mayor Mason in relation to the discon
tinuanceof the military patrol, wherein May
or Mason thanks and reiterates thanks to
Gen. Sheridan and the military for their
SUDDOrL
The martial law ueciareu in eniago was
in aid of the civil power, and not opposed to
it, and it did a good work; and, as we have
written in another paragraph of to-day's pa
pr, the same law, as declared in South Car
olina, is also in aid of the civil law, and
there it is likewise doing a good work in
bringing murderers and banditti to justice or
driving them from the country, as it ma
from Chicago
PDBSVE THE ABVAHTAUE.
The Republicans of this county have de
cided advantages over their opponents in the
present contest, notwithstanding the draw
backs which may be upon us, and it is their
duty to pursue the advantages which fortune
has now placed at their disposal.
The campaign ought to warm and grow
red -hot .until sunset on the 7th day of No
vember. We wish to see it liven up until
tbe old war horses will sniff the battle and
enter into the fray. Let our candiaates miss
no appointment, but double their licks upon
the foe, and stir up every friendly voter to
go to the polles on the day of the election.
Give the people a good jostling and they
will respond. We wish to see them out on
both sides, and a lair vote polled, not doubt
ing for one moment that our triumph will be
secure in the end. There is no ose talking,
no one party Is responsible for the good name
of tbe County of Leavenworth, ae represented
in the past or likely to be represented in tbe
future in the persons of its officers, but both
1,-rtiM and the whole people. They know
what ia right, respectable aad hoaorable for
them to do, and we trust that oat of the coa
t in which thev are divided between two
seta of candidates, that the true, hoaeat aad
unblemished Bepablieaat will receive each
majorities at their haaoa as may redea
aaaae aad reputation throsghoct the
aadCecsaty.aadjRaerve k from any blot
aaawWaarfnerhmii too likely at
aaasettlaMao
THE 7f ACKEKE1. TCWMWK.
All tbe erlortl to magnify the imjiortance
of the escape of the schooner Hortou lrom
Nova Scotia, have dwindled into insignifi
cance Official advices received at Washing
ton show that the British authorities did not
order any gun-boat to pursue the Hortou,
and look upon her escape as merely a viola
tion of the custom laws. Aa the Secretary
of the Treasury has under consideration tbe
question of issuing new marine papers to the
Horton, the difficulty will be virtually set
tled with his decision.
The Captain of the Horton, who cut that
I out at Guysboro, N. a., and ran her
ofl to Gloucester, is just beginning to feel in
bis own person the diplomatic discomforts
that attend such filibustering exploits. He
is not only likely to be refused fresh papers
by the Secretary of the Treasury, but the So
licitor of that department is expected to de
cide that his Teasel must he seized for coming
into Gloucester without papers; and, there
fore, it is probable that the New Dominion
authorities will ask for his extradition on a
charge of burglary, in having broken into
the Guysboro Custom House and taken
thence the sails of the Horton: Altogether
the brilliant greeting which the courageous
captain received at the hands of the brawny
fishermen is but an unsatisfactory recom
pense for the many evils that now threaten
him.
I levea Poanda, Six Oaaeea.
The Biggest Potato on Rfcobd. A
few days since we were in the office of the
.Kansas Farmer, and were shown some sweet
potatoes sent to the editor of that paper by
A. D. Appleby of St. George, Pottawatomie
Courty, where they had taken the premium.
One of them, the largest, weighs eight
pounds, seven ounces, is eighteen and a half
inches long, and sixteen inches in circumfer
ence. It takes just seven to make one
bushel. Eleven bushels were raised from 100
plants. Is it possible that larger potatoes
grow Zearenirorfn Commercial.
Several weeks ago, ire recorded a larger
one. We were presented with a sweet potato
grown in this county, that weighed eight
pounds, nine ounces. Somebody remember
that, when they want to brag again. Our big
watermelon has not yet been beaten; and it
will take hard work to beat our beet. White
Cowl Chief.
The one on exhibition in this office wss
raised in this county, and wefghed eleven
pounds and six ounces.
Some qcaint and curious investigator
whoe head, two-thirds of his time, was
doubtless in the clouds, has gathered a great
number of facts relative to smokers. Ben.
John-on loved the "durue weed," and de
scribes its every accident with the gusto of a
connossiur. llobbs smoked after his daily
dinner pipes innumerable. Milton never
went to bed without a pipe and glass of wa
ter. Sir Isaac N-wton was smoking in his
garden at Woolsthrope when the apple fell.
Addison had a pipe in his mouth at all hours
at Button's. Fielding both smoked and
chewed. Shelley never smoked, nor Word
worth, nor Keats. Coleridge, when cured
of opium, took to snuff, Campbell loved a
pipe. Sir Walter Scott smoked in his car
riage, and regularly after dinner, loving both
pipes and cigars. !yron wrote about sub
lime tobacco,- but was not an excessive smok
er. Goethe did not smoke, nor did Shakes
iieare. Carlvle. now nasi seventy, has been
a sturdy smoker for years. Alfred Tenny
son is a irsistent smoker of forty years.
Dickens, Jerrold and Thackeray all puffed.
Lord Lyttnn loves a long fipe at night, and
cigars by day. Lord Houghton smoked
moderately. The late J. M. Kemble, author
of the Seasons in England, was a tremendous
smoker. Moore cared not for it; indeed,
Irish gentlemen smoke much lfss than Eng
lish. Wellington shunned it; so did Peel.
Di'raelli loved the long pipe in his youth,
but in middle age pronounced it "tomb of
love." ptobably .because he buried himself
in it.
ARririciAi. mix.
InlemllnK Experiments la Englnnd.
In England, where ancestral pride in land
is aided by fixed and prim ely incomes, ex
perimental agriculture i carried on as an en
lightened and cungenial employment of cap
ital and occupation of leisure. Draining has
been pushed to such perfection there as to
demonstrate that it may be overdone; and
now surface irrigation is leceiving the atten
tion of landholders. At Stoke Park the sys
tem of irrigation with pure water has been
tried with marked succe. The surface to
be exerimeiited on is a tract of twenty acres
in gras, and the water has been applied in
artificial showers, in the night, every night
during the season of 1871, except when nat
ural rains made artificial rains unnecessary,
the apinralus consists of pipes laid in the
ground, supplied from an elevated reservoir
or reservoirs, into which the water is pumped
by machinery. In other words the country
is watered as the city uf Philadelphia is sup
plied. Nothing except a number of proper
iy constructed pipes would be necessary to
shower the whole area of Philsdelphis, so far
as the hydrants are extended.
Tbe Oy pales.
A letter from Stuttgart, in a local German
contemtorary. makes the surprising stale
ment that the Gyy Parliament is expected
to axvmble soon near CanstaU. The an
nouncement is eeriouly made, and no joke is
intended. It seems that the Parliament in
que-iiioii meets only oi ce in seven years, and
conrists of delegates from all the various
countries of Europe in which Gypsies wander
or reside. Nor is the ''Great King of the
Gypsies" a mere fiction. His name is
Joseph Reinbard, now 93 years old, and he
lives in Muthlangen, near Gmuend. An in
teresting thing to know is the fact that he
has been the husband of seven wives and ir
the father of forty-five children, in tbe
United States we know little by actual ex
perience concerning the strange wandering
i ace, so lamiliar in Europe, the character
and doings of whose members have fnrnished
such entertaining materials to some o the
great novelists of England, Sain, France,
Germany and Russia. Only lrom time to
time, and at long intervals, a band of the
vagabonds makes an appearance among us,
and mrriies observers as much by what it
dues not do as ly what it does. Familiar
through books and tradition with the tier-
furmances of tbe class when camping near
villages and farm yards in Europe. Ameri
cans are sometimes puzzled to know, or even
disagreeably disappointed to discover, that
their Gypsies seem to be a reformed and
highly moral people. Neither stealing
chickens nor poisoning pigs, nor seeking to
doctor horses, previously made ill
merely to be cured, they might
readily get credit if tney asked it for the pre
tense by which their ancestors, in the time
of Queen Elizabeth, used to impose on the
credulity of simple people, namely that they
were Ch'ristion pilgrims who, in penance for
their sins, had been ordered to wander for
reven years without once sleeping in a bed.
We do not, however, mean to say that all
American gypsies are so extremely virtuous,
rhe fact is that this country is a most unfa
vorable field for tbeir favorite occupation
and mode of life, in bands or companies
they get on comfortably and reel at home on
ly in those countries where the mass of the
people are illiterate and controlled by old
fashioned superstitions. Thus they formerly
swarmed in Germany, where there are now
comparrtively few of them. In con-equence
of the progress of education within the last
fifty years, the country has become unsoited
to them. In Spain, on tbe other hand, their
number was recently estimated at 40,000.
England was believed to have 18,000, and
the Austrian Empire 97,000. chiefly in Hun
mrvandTranavlvania. In Moldavia and
Wallachia where the mass of the population
are still more ignorant than in tbe former
countries the gypsy element is said to be as
numerous as in Turkey, that is, to count
about 200,000 souls.
In the.letter referred to above, it ia stated
that oUhe twenty-eight gypsies in the War
temburg army during the late Franco-Ger-maa
war. BOt one was wounded, a met which
may or may not be confirmatory of the prev
,ut notion of the cowardice of the race.
But the common impression regarding their
timidity can nanny oc m rawuc aoey
chow it, even in their crimes, seldom com
Butting an ofenee which puts life in peril,
and the ascription of the opposite virtue to
his Bohemians, is only one of tbe mistakes
into which Sir Walter Scott fell, when at
temptiaic to portray the character; In refer
ence to tbe religion'bf tbe gypsies, a great
deal of discnerion would have been saved by
leinetubtrint the Hindoo saying about the
religion of the tribes of which our Western
-i-mb are nmnamr an naan-m or a macs
'there are seventy-two religions and a half
lathe world, the half being the religion of
thejhas (or gypsies, r
Tn taut mmmer ia proooaaced one of tie
eat -.-sna-ae Newport has ever know
ever kaowa aad
to tl-ectedimBrae--C-i aad
---------l--l------l-- kB a------r---l--------. --T
Fiasa the Ve Tire HersM.
In accordance with aningtaif nts made by
Gen. A. A. Humphreys' engineer-in chief of
the United States army, aa inspection of the
forts and government works in the vicinity
or New York was begun on Wednesday
morning. The General waa accompanied by
tbe Secretary of War, General Belknap and
General Sherman. Tbe programme was
that the party should first visit the gigantic
work undertakea by General Newton at Hell
Gate, and thence proceed to WiUett'a Point,
witness the manner in which the torpedoes
are manufactured, and afterward expenmenta
br the eeneral in charee of tbe battalion of
engineers at th.t place, the blowing up of
various torpedoes, and a review ot the gar
rison by Uenerai ar.erman. naving
thoroughly inspected the works at Hell Gate,
tor ineaccouni oi wnicu ire uait hu nwu, m
party embarked for Willett's Point, where
the visitors. were met by General Abbott,
commanding tbe battalion of engineers at
WilleU's Point, accompanied by his staff,
consisting of Colonel W. J. Twining, Cap
tain A. McKenzie, Captain W. C Raymond,
Colonel S. N. Mansfield, Lieutenants Huer,
Davis, Post, Hinman, Marshall, WilLird
and Dr. Byrnes, who is attached to the sta
tion, Gen. Sherman and the Secretary of
War greeted these officers and the whole
company started for tbe interior. At about
a hundred yards from the pier three compa
nies of the batallion were drawn op in line
and received the visitors with presented arms,
and as General Sherman passed along the
lines he saluted the soldiers in that cneermi
and soldier-like manner so peculiar to him.
Uenerai Abbott said be proposed to snow
them various experiments at tbe nianufac
roty where tbe torpedoes were made for the
harbor d fences before he proceeded to give
tbe entertainment in the bay. He then led
the way to one of the laboratories post.
Here the whole uarty eatiiered "round him
while he explained first the compositicn of
me most explosive maieruiK, raen u
"dualine," "California powder," and the or
dinary mortar powder. He next described
to General Sherman the manner in which he
constructed torpedoes, which was to make a
box of wood two inches thick and dove
tailed in at the corners of various sizes,
according to the size of tbe cartridge used
and then the manner in which he placed the
electric wires in the interior, with fulminat
ing fuses at various puis, so that the whole
should be ignited at the same instant
Following this an electric battery was pro
duced, and he commenced by igniting small
quantities of the compositions. He first ig
nited a piece of gun cotton lying loose on a
piece of board, which simply flamed up like
a piece of paper, but when he applied a de
tonating fuse to a similar quantity it dis
charged as heavily as a cannon. He next
tried "dualine in the same manner, and
thus made the generals stand back; for of all
matter for infernal machines this composi
tion would be the worst and most destructive.
Gomerz's fuse was tried, and created great
excitement when it ignited two heaps of
power at a considerable distance from each
other at the same moment.
This part of tbe programme being conclud
ed. Gen. Abbott arranged that Secretary
Belknap, Generals Sherman, Humphreys
and McDowell should enter his barge, and
the remainder of the visitors should return
to the steamer for the purposes of witnessing
the experiments he was about to make with
torpedo between Fort Schuyler and Willet's
m i it. This was carried out. and the General
and a part of his staff proceeded out on the
bay with the materials necessary to carry out
the project.
torpedo so.
which was made up of 100 pounds of powder
was sunk in thirty-three feet of water, and
attached to General Abbott's barge by means
of the electric cable. At a given signal, the
steamer sheered out of the way, and warned
all liaising essels, the barge containing the
four gentlemen above alluded to, was pulled
off to a safe distance and the crowd en beard
the Reamer, composed partly of ladies, ta
ken on board at Willitt's Point, who had
been invited to partake oi the elegant lun
cheon provided by General Humphreys, be
came excited, and in a few seconds a terri
ble report was heard, three immense columns
of water ascended into the air at different
angles, boiling the water and aa they fell a
beautiful rainbow was formed by the falling
spray. The sensation on board tbe steamer
was as though the boat had been struck from
beneath, while the collapse of the water cre
ated a second and distinct concussion through
the air.
TORPEDO SO. 2
consisted of four pounds of gun cotton in a
wooden frame, and sunk thirty-three feet
also. When the spark was applied, scarcely
any report was heard, but the water boiled
violently, and the shock felt on the water was
terrific, showing that this would have done
fearful execution to the bottom of a craft
sailing over it.
TORPEDO So. 3
was 100 ponnds of common mortar powder
sunk to the depth o' seventy feet. After the
fire had been applied, one might imagine
there was a whirlpool, or boiling spring.
The water did not ascend very high, but the
shock was that of a hundred pieces of ar
tillery being discharged together, and caused
the ladies to start and tbe timbers of tbe
steamer to creak.
torpedo so. 4
created great excitement and some little
alarm. Fifteen minutes elapsed before it
was ready, and then everybody wanted to
know why tbe generals rowed so far off, and
why General Abbott kept so far away
with his battery. The torpedo was com
posed ol 100 pounds of powder, placed only
eight feet under tbe surface. One
ot these tried sone time ago threw the
water up a distance of 267 feet, according
to tbe instruments employed tor measuring
these things, and this fact being
made known it left an uneasy impression.
Every precaution having been taken, General
Abbott rowed off and applied the spark.
Anything more grand and at tfie same time
more terrible than this could scarcely be con
ceived. The instant the fire was communi
cated, a body of water, such as ia represented
in eastern prints caused by water spouts,
ascended at least about two hundred feet in
the air, carrying with it portions of the tor
pedo frame, which it scattered far and near,
throwing some pieces 300 yards. A large
whirlpool was also formed at iu base, the
influence of which was felt in the barge at a
great distance. This one gave gem-ral satis-fae-tin,
Major King asserting that if n ves
sel bad been over it it would have broken it
in two. The explosion of a small raft com
pleted the experiments.
The visitors were then taken on shore to
the parade grourd for the purpose of witness
ing a full dro parade and a review of the
soldiers at the garrison by General Sherman.
Benedict Areola's Xasle Book.
A Norwich (Cl) paper tells the following
story:
There was recently exhumed from the
garret ofanup-town mansion, a curiosity of
no litt'e local as well as general antiquarian
interest namely, the veritable music boolt
which Benedict "Arnold used and sung from
when he was a young man and a resident of
this town. The book, now in .possession of
Guidon Ford, of Brooklyn, through presen
tation ot Daniel Colt, has Arnold's name
written in a bold, clear hand across the title
page, wliile the music (also manuscript)
is written in part in Arnold's hand, and a
part, donWles by his mother. The latter
was a good woman, and letters from her to
hpr Kin an extant, in which she exhorts him
to flee temptation and live a godly and up
right life.
Rnusrsai Calls.
Moot New Yorkers have atone time or an
other been diverted with the shouts of the
waiters at a cheap restaurant, who yell out
in awful haste, with wonderful oral phone
tics, and sometimes with fantastic variations,
the article which the guests order in fcng
ish. For instance, "Ingine pood, both.!"
(oo short asin good) "Indian pudding with
both kinds of sauce" (viz. hard and lkjuid).
Charles Matthewo the younger has, however,
put o-i record a strong specimen of abbrevia
tion of this kind, colored by a poetic element
which is, no doubt, the most amazing instance
extant. Going into an eating house for
lunch, be heard, as be entered and sat sown,
seven orders given in quick succession by a
throng of as many costooers, one calling for
a baun of ox-tail soup, two for mock turtle
soap, three for pea soup, and one for bcaillL
At., th mi-Fi-- dashinar to the sueakiac tube
that communicated with tbe cook, bawled out
with immense rapidity, "One ox, two mcks,
three peas and a bully I"
AN
York paper says that Mtsa Psu
ham has for the past six months
Marfeham haa far the oast
f-hM lirii-r a very retired life, studying hard
for her return to the boards in legitimate
drama which she ought never to have left
for tbe blandahmeats of blonde burlesque.
Of late Miss Mrrvh-' has been uaderthe
tuition of Matilda Heron, who is preparing
her for her debut in a new and entirely ori
ginal play, wrkten expressly for Miss Mark
Wbyageotln of Offew York. Miss
Heron Mates that Miss Markham haa devel
nnl tra-tfdaarr dramatic ah-Utiea. aad a
degree of intensity which she waa not sup-
Kto possess, oae wiu pro mj pw
nrnlay daring the -ease, season in
New York.
i W
T-rxaseo-.l
ITMaV.
Only four feet of Plymouth rock are
left, and if relic-hunters continue their dep
redations it will soon forfeit its place alto
gether.
An experimental set of rail-car wheels
made of paper have worn ont one steel tiring
in. New Jersey, and are still in running
order.
At Bristol, England, the other day, a
respectably dressed woman, who was in great
mental distress, was arrested as "disordeily."
Before the magistrate she stated that she had
been sold by her husband to another man
for $50. The husband admitted having re
ceived the money, and seemed annoyed that
the woman did not acquiesce in the birgsin.
All tbe parties were discharged.
Abmall wooden box has been picked up in
r li' rv.i5.T-i r.i... t:a i
xuuiin. Ju uie iiismc ui me uu iuuuu,
in black ink, the following address: "Caji
tain William Henry Carleton, Twenty-first
Fusiliers, Fourth Division, British Army,
Crimea." The box was fonnd to contain,
rolled up in a towel, the foot tnd heart of a
female, not in any way decomposed, and
evidently only recently separated from tbe
body.
There is a blonde who has attended tbe
Jerome Park races for three years, never
missing one day. She sits in a corner of the
piazza of the club-house, and her beauty is
dazzling. The enamel on her face and neck,
partially covered by a white veil, with black
spots, and then tied around her eyes, gives
her face an indescribable expression.
Nine murderers were recently executed at
Kiev, in Russia, by oe hangman, who had
no assistants with him. He strangled them
one after another on a low gallows. The
scene lasted nearly two hours. The last
man who was executed, and who witnessed
the execution of the eight others, fainted
away before his turn came.
One of the methods of punishment in a
certain refuge for boys in New York in
cludes a record of bad condunt on the black
board. When a boy's name is written there
he is not allowed to play with the others
until it is rubbed out by erasing one letter for
each day of good behavior. Of course John
in this has the advantage of Johnathan.
The honor of being the richest man in
the United States lies between William B.
Astor, Cornelius Vanderbilt, and A. T.
Stewart. Probably neither of these g ntle-
men can tell within ten million of what he
is worth, and there is not supposed to be so
much difference between them. Sixty mil
lion is a medium estimate of the wealth of
each of the three.
Douay, France, has just sold its guillo
tine. A large number of spectators were
present at this singular auction. A captain
in the National Guards bought the knile for
about 4s. 6d., and the woodwork was knocked
down at 24s. Both are said to be destined
tor a London museum.
A man recently came to his death in a
curious m inner at Venice, Italy. He was
standing near a bronze automaton, which
told the time of day, with his bead between
the bell and hammer. The hour came
around without his notice; the automaton
struck one and knocked his brains out.
Although deer on Long Island have
been greatly reduced in numbers, there are
still a few remaining. A large one was
driven last week into Bonkonkoma Lake,
and finally escaped its pursuers. If they
could be left unmolested for five or six years,
they would be as plenty as ever.
Cutting tunnels through high mountains
is thought nothing of now a days. Moot
Cenis tunnel having been snecessfully com
pleted, a French engineer says that there is
nothing to hinder a railway being made
lrom Paris to Pekin.
A remarkable "haul" was that at Green
point the other day, when Captain Brigirs,
while drawing his net in the bay, inclosed
thirty sharks". The largest one nirasiired
fourteen feet, and the smallest one rix teet.
They were not at all docile, hut tore the net
terribly.
Next winter some Murray Hill (New
York) ladies will form a society having for
its object the reduction of extravagance in
dress. Each member will agree to spend so
mucn, and no more, on her toilet, and pay
cash.
For the winter, velvet suits will b in
demand, and the various imitations of the
genuine silk article will i. reliably fe in
greater favor than ever. The prices of these
goods will probably not vary much lrom
those of past seasons.
Many of the beer houses in New York
have introduced regular Bavarian mugs of
earthenware, with metal lids. I hey are so
large that few Germans can get away with
the contents of more than sixty of them per
day.
The falee hair mania has invaded fash
ionable nurseries at the Eart, and ten-year
old belles are to be seen with long braids
hitched on to their natural capillary cover
ing. Many ladies have ruined lhe shape of
their ears by wearing heavy, massive ear
rings, which not only spoil the shape of tbe
ear by elongating it, but also produces head
ache and paint in the face.
The Rothschild family is about to cele
brate the centenary of the banking house- to
which it owes its fortune. The firm was
established at Frankfort, in 1771, by Meyer
Anselm. Being left an orphan, he obtained
employment in a bank at Hanover, and by
his industry and economy sueccded in amas
sing a little capital, with which he founded
his own estahlishmert. In 1S01, he was ap
pointed agent for the Elector of Hefc-e, whose
fortune he reived, at the rik of hi) own,
when the French army entered the State.
For that service the Emeror of Austria gave
titles of nobility to all the members of the
family.
"Miss Minnie Smi;li's compliments to
Miss Maggie Jones, and desires ilie pleasure
of her company this evening. Refreshments
at 11." Response: "Miss Maggie Jones'
compliments to Mi. Minnie .Smith, with
rtgrets that prior engagements pre hide the
pleasure of acceptance. She is to be whip
ped at seven and sent to bed at eight without
her supper."
I'eqnog, Mass., put in her claim for the
champion anorer. The young wife of an
elderly resident, awakening from a sound
sleep, began to shake her slumbering lord
smartly to make him stop snor.ng. Just
then there came several very loud rolls of
thunder, and, desisting from her attempt,
she resigned herself quietly to sleep, remark
ing: "It is only thundering, after all: 1
thought you were snoring."
A Propensity for Twlas.
Tbe Louisville Courirr-Journal haa tbe
followirg: About one mile from Jatoestown,
Rusel County, there lives one of the most
remarkable families in all this common
wealth, and probably in the United States.
Mr. James Jeffries, who is now in this city
serving upon the petit jury iu the United
States Court, tells his own story, and says
that he was mairied before he was seventeen
years old, his wife being only five younger
lhan himself. J hey lived together seven
years without children, when his wife gave
birth to twins, a boy and a girl. In the
fifteen years which followed, nineteen chil
dren were liorn to the happy couple, each of
the first three births being twins and each
subsequent birth alternating between twinsand
ingle births until the fifteen years we're accom
plished and nineteen children composed the
family circle, seven pair of twins being born
during the lime. Mr. Jeffries is only forty
five years old and is still youthful in appear
ance and very stout. His wife never had
better health in all her life than at the pres
ent, though she will not. weigh a hundred
pounds. Her greatest weight at any time
was 110 pounds. The boy of the first" twins
now weighs 165 poueds, the girl 125 pounds.
All the boys who are grown have made large
men; the girls are of good size, and all tbe
children healthy. But five out of the nine
teen have died. Mr. Jeffries has ten broth
ers all of whom are large men, and within
the families of these eleven brothers there
are thirty-seven pairs of twins, making seventy-four
twin children, to say nothing ol the
ho-t of single tirth. Five of Mr. Jeffries'
children are married, and, added to these
singular facts, notwithstanding the absence of
silvery locks on bis head, he is the graal
father of five children.
ftwa caaary- JfoastaaUoas.
Coi. 1).R.-Alhtmy:
Dear Sir: The Republican Convention
for Brown County was held on Saturday,
Oct. 21st, ud the following ticket nominated:
Representative, Dr. C. F. Bo wen; Com
missioners, M. R- Bowers, B. T. Partch, A.
M. Hough? County Clerk, E. N. Monill:
Treasurer, A. McLaughlin; Sheriff, B. F.
McCoy; Register of Deeds, A.B.Piatt;
Surveyor, Samuel E. Irwin; Railrxai As
sessor. George Graham; County Committee.
E. N. Monill, D. K. Babbit an-B. P. 8mith.
lours,
It seams that Col. jennison k the Repub
lican candidate for Stale Senator from Leav-
Mworth County. We cannot iiixlsislsiiil
why Tbe Tdus pabliahed an account of
nis nomiaauun uj vomwc vAjaveBuan.
Whilt Vlomd Cief.
AwoTHXKe-rbrtisbe-aca-ade to
etrate aerial aavigatioa ia Washington. Tho
aleas have aeon susosilMd to
herVand efaeohere, tmi i
awahtnedjo MMnot, whieh
CHICACrO-
Mr. Pallasaa'aaev.
Chicago, Oct. 23 Mr. G. M. Pullman
reports the following as tbe receipts for the
relief of the Chicago poor
Cash received in direct remittances, $409,
276; total amount for which drafts have
been drawn, to be forwarded for collection,
Ac., $896,709; aggregate receipts, $1,486,
9S6. Of thb sunT$34. 490 have been distrib
uted, the balance still remaining oa hand.
The Committee estimate that they will re
quire $1,975,000 for the next thirty days.
Praapect af HaapesMtaa. Tke Clly
Cuicago, Oct. 26. There ia fear that the
Chicago Observatory, which contains the
famous Clark telescope, will have to sus
pend operations owing to the want of funds
to continue. It is under the charge of Pro
fessor Safford.
The citv of Chicago as a corporation loses
by tbe fire, property valued at $5,000,000
consisting of bridges, buildings, and damage
to the water-works, the destruction of
engines, hose, Ac The damage to the
street improvements is not included. Tbe
Journal says that a large number of the per
sons who were burned to death by the fire, were
thieves, who, in their anxiety for plunder,
remained in the buildings antil their escape
was cut off.
The Relief and Aid Society, in answer to
numerous enquiries as to what is most needed
by t sufferers in Chicago at present, say
that lathing is so much needed now as brans,
potatoes and onions, being advised by tbeir
sanitary committee that they must have these
artii I s if they expect to escape sickness.
The;, .re informed that many farmers would
be glad to contribute these articles, and they
ask all persons who can to ship either beans,
onions or potatoes to tbe society; by a little
co-operation carloads can be made at different
places for shipment. Tbe Society are also
in want of straw beds of the usual size for
two persons, and friends in the country are
requested to furnish as many aa they can
The ticking should be of strong material and
filled with clean straw or prairie hay. They
are feeding and caring for over 40,000 peo
ple at the present time with a very small
stock of vegetables on hand and but little
covering.
pealaff Ike Clt j'a BaTe.
Chicago, Get. 27. The City Treasurer's
safe was opened yesterday, and
the contents, consisting of books and papers,
were burning, lhe bre was extinguished,
but left them a charred and almost indistin
guishable mass.
Some persons attempted to fire the Epis
copal Cathedral, corner of Peora and Wash
ington streets, yesterday afternoon.
All the papers of the city endorse the
nomination of Mr. Medill, for Mayor in the
strongest terms. 1 here will be little opposi
tion, lhis is also true or Air. V. A. uage,
candidate for City Treasurer, and Mr.
Jameson for Judge of the Supreme Court.
WASHJtNGTOK
For aad Xat Agalast Peljrsaaajr.
Washisgtox, Oct. 26. An immense pe
tition from Utah, signed by about 2,500 in
favor of polygamy, and not against it as pre
viously stated, was sent to the execuuveiuan
sion by delegate Hooper. The petitioners
claim that the federal officers are creating
disturbances in Ltab, and ask a stoppage of
proceedings.
Treasurer Spinner, in his answer to the
commtinicatiou complaining of the scarcity
ol legal tender of the small denominations,
says the Department is always ready to sup
ply small notes on application.
The Evening htar say Victor fowetl, a
clerk in the auditor's office, was arrested last
Tuesday, charged with frajds in connection
with the county claims against tne govern
ment. The amount specified is $10,000, but
it is said investigation shows the amount to
be over S100.W0. It is rumored that an
ex-member of Congress is implicated ii tbe
frauds.
HelllriK Wblsk y to tbe Indians.
Washisotox, Oct. 26. The Indian De
partment recommends the War Department
to carry out the request that the white men
who are selling whisky to the sioux be ex
pelled from the Indian country.
Treasurer Spinner answers the application
of a party who lost a small sum ot Treasury
notes in the Chicago fire, that Congress only
has the power to relieve.
Appointments t'ontrlbatlons front
Havana,
Washington, Oct. 27. The President
has appointed W. M. Evrets and Benj. R.
Curtis Counsel for the taibunal of arbitra
tion at Geneva in addition to Caleb dishing,
Mr. Evrets has accepted, add .Mr. Curtis is
on his way from Europe.
The Secretrry of S'ate has received a dis
patch from Havana, announcing that a con
tribution of $10,000 to the sufferers hv the
fire of Chicago.
Be-pecls to the Lot e Thomas Ewiug
feeeipt or ensrrea sionejr.
Washisotox, Oct. 27. Thcjpublic De
partments will be cloerf-u to-morrow, as
mark of respect to the late Hon. Thomas
Ewinir.
The Treasurer to-dav received charred
money from Chicago amounting to $85,000,
including S30.000 returned by Adams fcx
press Co., S10.000 in bonds, and $19,000 in
gold.
Certificates of the Treasurer will to-night
be mailed to stockholders of ttie new hve lr
cent. loan.
NEW TURK.
filed The Xw American Partjr.
New York, Oct. 25. Otis Field, a well
known siwriina character, died to-day.
The new American party nominated Jas.
jlackey for the senate.
Tweed is making an effort to pay the la
borers.
At the. Republican ratification meeting to
night Horace Greeley presided, and made a
brief sieech, urging harmony among the
Republicans.
The German, in a meeting to-night, de
clared that they will support lor office none
but honest and capable men, irrespective ol
party.
-Satloaal Inanranee Convention.
New York, Oct. 25. The National In
surance Convention rejected the amendment
to the report of the Committee on Taxation,
providing that the unilorm rate of taxation
be one rcent. on the gross premims of Ma
rine companies, and one half of one per rent,
on policies of life companies.
Preliminary Jtotenents Against the
Hlug.
New Yoek, Oct. 25. The delay in tbe
arrival of the Russian fleet is attributed to
the fact that they are making their way here
under sail.
A preliminary movement on the ring was
commenced by an action in equity to be pre
sented hv tbe Attorney, actine through
Chas. O'Connor, against Tweed, Ingersoll
and Garvey. Arrests will immediately ol
low, and they will be held to fail in the
sum of $2,000,000, to answering to the
judgment.
Oetermlnrd to Win tne staeon'a Cm.
New York, Oct. 26. The English yacht
man, Ashbury, intends to come again next
year with his yacht, and keep coming, he
says, until he wins the Queen's Cup. He
declares that to be tbe purpose of his life.
The Kosenanlg.Bowlesfcjr Case.
New York, Oct. 26. The Rosenzwig
Bowlsby case drew a large crowd at the court
room. The trunk in which the deceased.
uowiesoy, was lound was rroduced in Court.
The accused looked pale and careworn. The
testimony corroiiorated in the main facts were
elicited before the Coroner's Jury at tbe time
of the tragedy. All the evidence had not
been concluded to-day.
New York, Oct. 26. No order for the
arrest of Tweed was issued up to a late hour
this afternoon, but a dispatch from Albany
says Wheeler H. Peckham made application
to Judge Leonard for an order for his arrest,
and it was granted. Tbe Deputy Sheriff
proceeds to New York to-night. Tweed will
be taken in custody to-morrow. It ia under
stood that he will be taken to Albany for
trial, and it is stated that Tweed asks that
the trial be changed to this city.
Tbe report from Albany that
that proceedings were had before Jodie
Learned for the arrest of Tweed, is confirmed.
but the particulars are not known.
The matter is the principal topic of con
versation on the street and in the public
ofScee to-day. Tweed is very reticent aa to
his future coarse. He will probably em
ploy John Graham as counsel.
Wm. M. Evarta, in a speech last night,
awakened a spirit of enthusiasm among the
reform workers, and his address meets the
aaotobatioa of all honest people throughout
the dry.
The Beeeaawl TsW-gwnaslalag A
eoaata
New Yomc, Oct. 27. In the Roeeaawig
trial to day, the prosecution closed with tho
naasus
.f""
trf AW fcTlhr.aWMr
aad a half million dollars upon the branchw
of work embracimr the armories, drill room
court boose, advertising and stationery ex
peodknres. Sheriff Brennan has received from Albany,
the warrant for the arrest of Tweed and
served it on him. The order authorized the
Shenu to accept hail in the sum of one mil
lion dollars. Jay Gould and Commodore
Garrison are Tweed's sureties.
Twe-s Ban.
New York, Oct. 27. The arrest of
Tweed is talked about all over the citv. The
Reformers begin to think the work has been
practically commenced to secure a change in
the city government and to give to Justice
herdaes. Tbe Tweed political organizations,
which are very numerous, feel disappointed
at to-day's action. There u much interest
awakened as the facts are developed further.
The.proceedings from day to day will be ex
citing, especially to politicians ot all parties.
Tweed's bail wm fixed at $2,000,000, which
was oromotlv furnished, and the bondsmen
carefully examined by the Sheriff. Tfcey
are Jay Gould, President of. the Erie Rail
road, who Qualified Sl.000.000: Bery Fair-
rhild, Tammany auctioneer, qoalifying
S3JO,000; Terrancc tarley and Bernard
Kelly, Tammany politicians, each qualifying
$300,000; Hugh J. Hastings, Commmercial
Advertiser, $100,000. The Sheriff states
that be had orders to arrest Ingersoll, Wood
ward and Garvey, but that he had not served
the papers as tie could not find the parties.
Tweed and the Senate Melsnrr.:
New York, Oct. 27. The Herald thinks
it is certain that Tweed will never go to the
Senate again, and asks that he be removed
from the comm ssionership ol the public
parks.
Dry goods to the amount of $50,000, in
the store of J. LuSutpher. of Newark, wa-
seized vesterdav. under a charge of attempt
ing to transfer property to aeier creaiiors.
Muspcadra,
New York Oct. 27 Messrs Wendt and
Kannelsburg received from the Baltic Lloyd
Mail Steamship Company orders to pay an
other $1,000 to the Chicago relici iiiud.
Ex Judge Barrett declares that D.stuct
Attorney Gowin did not subpoena the proper
persons to testify before the Grand Jury con
cerning Mayor Hall. The persons he
subpoenaed were mainly ignorant of ihe facts
and hence no bill was found. He also states
that tbe prosecution against Hall are only
suspended.
KANSAS.
The Editorial Convention.
Humboldt, Oct. 25. The Editorial Con
vention at Lawrence adjourned at noon.
M. W. Reynolds was elected President,
George A. Crawford was cao-en i rator for
next year, and the next annual muting will
be held at Emporia in June.
Resolutions were adopted asking the repeal
of the new insurance law; against gratuig
subsidies to newspapers; and tor a change in
the law creating a Mate Printer.
The train left Lrwrence at lml I' pat two.
Senator Caldwell and Gov. Harvey were of
the party, and Hon. D. P. Lowe met us here.
The excursionists were welcomed to Hum
boldt by a baud of music, and taken in car
riages to the Landreth House. A banquet
and ball will he given this evening.
To-morrow we hreakf.ut at Parsons, and
proceed to Fort Uibson on Friday. Ft. Scott
and Sedalia will be visited. A. D. Jaynes,
Chairman of tbe Sedalia committee, has ti n
dered the hospitality of that city, and a ban
quet at the Ives house.
Our train of seven palace cars is in charge
of Hon. R. S. Stevens, of the 51., K. A T.
latlons by the Edllorin! Excur
sionists.
SeiiALIA, Oct. 27. The Kansas editorial
party accompanied by Gov. Harvey, Senator
Caldwell, Keprerentalive Lowe and lion.
Sidnev Clarke, arrived here from Fort Gib
son via the M.. K. T. 1-. It., at 2 p. m.
The excursionists were banqueted at the Ives
House, after which, carriages were Itiriusnrd
and a drive about the city participated in by
all. In tbe evening the guet enjoyed a
dance at Smith's Hall, and It ft on the 9:30
train for St. Louis.
The following resolutions were, unani
mously adopted at the Ives Hon e:
J!aolred, That the Editors aniJl'ublUh
ers' Association of Kan-as, having finished
their annual Convention and enjotd an ex
cursion through the Indian Territory, iloire
to express the obligation they are placed
under for courtesies and fcimlne extended.
First, their.cordial thanks to the M. K.
T. R. R. Company, for the magnificent train
placed at their disposal, and for nuinlierlcss
attentions and courtesies which hare made
our trip one of constant pleasure,
and especially to Manager Stevens and
General Passenger and Ficight Agent H. D.
Merick, lor their personal prti-eiice and at
tention on the trip.
Second To the L. L. O. Company for
tran-porting the Association over their line
to New Chicago, and to Col. Clunnte, Gen
eral Superitendent, and Maj Peck, General
Ticket Agent, for courteous attention.
Third To the diSerent railroad compa
nies of the St ite for courtesies extended to
individual members of the .?.-oci'.ilum and
their ladies, in tran'porting tliem to and
from the Convention.
Fourth To the citizens of Lawrence for
the generous entertainment during the two
days' session of the Convention.
Fifth To the citizens of Humboldt tor
the cordial reception and hospitable en'er
tainment. Sixth- To the citizens of Par-on for the
fine breakfast provided.
Seventh To Maj. R. S. Steven', of the
M. K. T. Road lor the boniiteoin dinner
am) supper provided at Gib-on.
Eighth To Maj. Carlaml, commander at
Fort Gibson, for his soMitriy ricf-olion at
the Fort, and to Serjeant BraLnel lor his
eiecial attention, to the citizens of Fort
Scott, for a generous reception and entertain
ment, and to the citizensof Sedalia for their
cordial greeting and the xtimpttiom banquet
they provided.
iVesorerf, That the whole management of
the excursion, and the welci me everywhere
extended to the association has Ien on a
rsc-le of manifest generosilr and large-
hearted hospitality, unsurpassed, if ever be
fore equalled in the history of such journeys,
and that we will hold in ever grateful mem
ory our hosts and entertainers, the officers of
the railroads heretofore mentioned, and the
citizens ot the places were we uWe brief
halts.
lieitilrd. That the ieopIe of th. State
are under obligations to sustain and foster
the splendid system of railroad lines built
and operated by the Missouri, Kan-as
Texas Company which is doing so ninth to
develop the material inlerests of Kansas.
Having visited the Indian territory and
witnessed its lieautiful se-enerv and the
adaptability of its urwuriiaMted soil and cli
mate to tbe wants of civilized men.
Hooked, That we are earnestly in favor of
the earliest possible opening of th -t Terri
tory, consistent with the just rights of its
present occupants and lhe manifest drstiny
of the pale faee.
liemhed. That every newspjper
State be requested to publish these
tions.
in the
resolii.
ST. LOUIS-
A Xeetlac lo torso n Third Parljr
St. Louis, Oct. 26. The Cincinnati Cou
rier, a German, paper, says that on Friday
last, Senator Schurz and sixteen other gen
tlemen, including Republicans and Demo
crats, among them Judges Mathews and
Tuft, Alex. Long, Ferguson, and three or
four Germans, held a private meeting for the
purpose of forming a third party. What ac
tion they took is not known. Another meet
ing will be held in a few days.
Tho Editors Bovine a Jojroi.s Tlsno.
Gibson, I. T., Oct. 26. The excursion
ists reached Gibson, at tbe end of the track,'
at 1 o'clock p. m., and dinner was served by
tbe railroad company in a tent large enough
to accommodate tbe whole party. It was an
elegant repast, and lurnisbed still another
proof of the hospitality of Mai. Stevens.
Those who remained here went down to the
Verdigris river and enjoyed a boat ride,
which had been arranged by Msj. Stevens.
About fifty accepted the hospitality of
Maj. Carlaml, U. S. A- and visited Ft. Jiif
ton. Maj. Carland entertained his guests at
his quarters, and escorted tbem to various
places of history.
To-night the party are enjoying the nsual
ball in a newly finished ware bouse.
Fort Scott and Sedalia will be visited to-4
morrow.
Arreola la Month Carolina.
AcorsTA, Ga-, Oct. 26. Advices from
York County, South Carolina, state that
arresa have been made. Numbers of men
are leaving the country and their deserted
tamilies are suffering. Business of all kinds
has suspended.
CncmATt, Oct. 27. Private dis atches
received here to-day say Uen. Robert Ander-
so. JtUA mt W Frw. Ut ft.
hadflBaoftoaa Verey to Nice three weeks
m, beoiao to leeoive heoefit from the
MJb fimMy with him. Hie
ImSkmm hehMajihoehr tho Umlo
r5"S"r-5""?r!
2-r ZT. o- V
Sn. Cooke Yersaa
S.lt Lake, Oct. 26. In the case of Mis.
Cooke versus Brigham Young, tbe jary re
turned a verdict tor plaintiff for the whole
amount oi ner claim with interest,
a toiai ot s-;.w. there were Mo
well as Gentiles on the jury. The
gave notice of a new tr'al. It
admitted by prominent iiuiioaa that
bam loung has applied to Wm.M.S
lor uis services as counsel to dasaM
Brigham. on the indictment of the i
grand jury.
l he tieraid discusses the Kormoa
lem, aad saya it is a grave error to
and says that upon the conviction of l
nent Mormons the Mormon people mmmHt
will disclaim polygamy, or tut if the Gov
ernment should send troops eaoagh they 1
give up their faith. This nor aay other n
ligiou body can be crushed oat, apa the
Herald, by any government oa earth The
uuui nng uu surainauauuB
-uormomsm.
Belief for tho Sal
Milwaukee, Oct. 25. Tbe Belief Com
mittee for the northern sufferers by the kto
fires desire to say to the generous poblic that
me Miiniy oi men ana coys cms-si now
mis point and on the way for the sat
the burnt district of Wisconsin aad
portions of Michigan, is ample for
wants. Heavy and warm clothinarfori
and children is still needed, especially i
garments. The essential thing required ia
money, with which to purchase provisseaa,
materials, tools and implimenta for bmldiag
houses, barns, shops and mills, for Imjing
horses, oxen, hay and feed. From 15,680 to
20,000 families are to be boosed, fed aad
clothed until the next harvest, lrom sapalisa
which roust come chiefly through this com
mittee. Money may be sent to Alexander
Mi:cheil, Tieaurer.
i .port or tho American
I Association.
Itimrn.n lr OR At
a mediae of
.v.
tue American iii.oiiary Association a rt"
iort was made in tavor or co-opealiag with
the government in its Indian policy, aad en
dorsing and recommending the policy of
President Grant.
Ex Governor H. Tweely then delhvxai
adiiress.
Secretary Delany made a long aad elo
quent address, explaining the new poMcy
adopted by President Grant. This poller hi
believed in. He believed the time wwaM
come when the Indians would be accepted ao
citizens; when they would participate in the
elections. I le thought they were better sefc
jects for Christianizing than the pnlitiriaae
of New York.
rrom tho loo AaaetaaBlal.
Sax Francisco, Oct. 27. The latest de
tails of the Los Angelos horror are
than the first report.
It appears that the mob had been i
solely by animosity between the raose, aad a
desire for plunder. A witness before tho
coroner's jury gave testimony relactantly.
which implicates two Irishmen who boMM
of killing Chinamen. The Chinamen who
shot officer Bilderman were arrested aad
turned over to the authorities by the Chinese.
theuiselve-1, and are now in jail. Oaly foar
efrhe rioters were arrested. About $30,088
in money ami valuables was carried off!
"L
the mob. Even thoxe Chinamen
were rolbed on their way to the jail.
Blot.
St. Paul, Oct. 26. A riot occurred at
Oak Lake, the present terminus of the N. P.
railroad, which resulted in the death of a
Swede, named Kunkzen, at tbe hands ol a
notorious blackleg named John Wallis.
Several other Swedes were severely injured
by the associates of Wallis. Wallis has
been arretted and brought to St. Paul.
The completion of the St. Paul A Pacific
U.K. to Breckenridge on the Red River,
was celebrated yesterday by an exenraioB of
the Old Settlers Association to Breckenridge.
A Xnrderer HlS(.
Indianapolis, Oct. 27. Jerome Brool-t,
the murderer of blater at Logansporl, via
hung at Delhi, to-day. He msnifceted tho
same indifference up to the last moment thai
he has shown from the day of his arrest. Oa
the Hciflold he asked and was granted leave
to ii'.ace Hi noose around bis own neck. A
large number ot persons were in
no disturbance occurred.
town, hot
sialclde aad Altcmntod haletde.
St. Louis, Oct. 25. At Lexington, Ma,
Monday, Henry B. Moore, an old and wor
thy citizen, shot himself, and Wm. Neat, a
printer, and a stranger, name unknown, at
tempted to commit Miicide by taking optaas.
GREAT BBITAIir.
London, Oct. 26. The contribetioaa to
Chicago, received at the Mansion Home op
to last evening, amounted to 4,320.
The Times urges prompt and liberal aid
to the sufferers by tbe forest fires.
London, Oct. 26. Another frightful col
liery explosion took place this afternoon in
Bahan mine, near Newcastle. Thirty-three
men were in the pit at the time, none of
whom have yet been reached. There is no
hope of saving them. The victims' families
and a large crowd of people congregated at
the pit.
London, Oct. 27. Queen Victoria haa
contributed 500 for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers.
Thirty men in the mine at Lraham, where
the explosion took place, are dead. Tbe pit
is on tire, and another explosion ia feared.
U. S. Minister Schenck is indisposed, aad
has goneinto tbe country to recuperate.
ROME-"
Rome, Oct. 26. The Workmen Societiea
of Rome and Naples have refured to partiei-'
pate in the Congress of Workmen, to bo
held in Rome, on the ground that it will bo
a mere Republican denomination, aud uo
friendiy iu Italy. The government has U.
sened its precautions against the Internation
al partizans of Republican agnation, believ
ing that their principles have no hold upon
the politicians.
SPAIW.
Madrid, Oct. 26. The rumors that have
gone abroad of conspiracies against the Gov
ernment by the jKutizaiiS of Duke Mont Pe
zierand the infant Ali'onzo, are wilhoot-'
truth. The whole kingdom is perfectly quiet
and no demonstration of any kind against the
dynasty of Savoy is apprehended.
Madrid, Oct. 27 Duke Montpensier
announcrs that he will take his seat in the
Spanish Congress as soon as the health of
Ins daughter will fwrmit.
AUSTRIA.
Vienna. Oct. 26. The journals Is-day
published appeals for aid lor the Chicago
siifierers, signed by Von Beust, E'arl, Auger,
Todeseo, Kirwkey and others. 'Ihe U. 8.
Minister Jay, is active in the relief move
ment. ftoanelhlaa to thlah. Ahoat.
Seventy per cent, of the crime of the Unit
ed States is directly traceable to alcohoL It
is on evidence that such a the feet, aad evi
dently there is something to think about.
Let n think of this matter: oct of 1,086
convicts ia the State's Prison. 700" are ssast
there by alcohol. Manifestly, is it not I
ue ravuy mat a tne matter with man
it isn't inherent moral impotency, or iasan
ity, it is whisky.
This is the kind of element we use to ia
vigorate our great Upas tree; this is tbe devil
that possesses rociety and riots in distartug
iu order, its security, its regard for right.
This is the incendiary, footpad, burglar,
and homicide that shocks iu with the tele
of its crime.
The most important and far-raachhw
problem in our political ethics ia noforaC
judication in the jxiblic mind. Society hea
ders over the dread fact that seventy ear coat;
of its crime results from alcohol.
The next question will be parasneoat:
"how shall ne rid ourselves of this devil of
disorder?". Lauit Home Journal.
When Mr. Greeley was at the Miauesoaa
Slate Fair a few weeks ago, soinebody gave
him a very ripe prize tomato, weighing aaoat
three pounds. Mr. Greeley wrapped it m.
his red silk handkerchief and placed k ia
his coat tail pocket. The good old maa
walked around for awhile, sitting oa va
rious benches, and finally riding ia a anting-
less wagon up to town. When he gat to tho
hotel, the crowd called on him for a sputti.
He went un the porch, and Mt for his
handkerchief to wipe hw brow bo fore be be
gan. When he had inserted his hand ia his
pocket, a thought seemed to strike him. He
grew red in the- faee; Le locked mad; ho
ore one of those effective oaths which ho
alone can construct, aad then he pulled Oat:
his handkerchief. It was aa awful mass; aad
as the venerable journalist gazed upoa k,
and upon his fingers, he turned away aad
went to his room to think up some suitable
language in which to et press his feeUegs.
There is vidently a coolness between tl ar
rival cities of CairoandFadacafa. TheCa.O
Bn'Utmraj: "A Padncah man a very
liberal Padutahmaa matriliMfed n ten cent
.r .u-...- rj, t. Jl
Ifacuonai nuic iv iiw jcagv sio nuso- -no
will probably boast of the -Buaiacrat land.
He will have ood reason to do so, ameeho
hMoas-n-MtoiatlMitnaMi- men the
"-8&
'JJ
ylIS2mHZiararararj9rarF ?-"-TvPJ
vx'Zv?
aqr
fv-J
-r
r SI .ii'rfJ-i- .yl---
S&
MiEW3imM8mM8&&is
s-..-.-: T. -i--,sH.','lr?-s.

h. -toJ
V i
r-Ly"
umini itTririiETr r i
t