VOLLME XI.-NUMBER 1774.
CHARLESTON, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER I, 1871.
THE VERY LAST SENSATION.
OCR COLORED LEGISLATORS GO EOE
TOTAL REPlT>IATION.
A Movement for the Removal of Cover?
nor Scott-The Latest Developments tn
New Torie.
[SPECIAL TELEGRAM TO THU KIWS.]
COLOMBIA, November 12.
The repudiation ot the State debt has been
solemnly agreed upon by a caucus ot colored
legislators, held In this city, presided over by
Beverly Nash, the negro senator Irom Rich?
land County. Comptroller-General Neagle
earnestly opposed repudiation, but his argu?
ments produced no effect.
A secret movement ls afoot to induce Gov?
ernor Scott to resign, and some sanguine Dem?
ocrats have hopes that he will do so.
B. W. T
[As Nash and Wimbush, the senator from
Chester, together with other leading colored
Radicals, are known to be lu favor of wiping
out the whole debt and beginning afresh, lt Is
presumed that the caucus, above referred to,
determined to advocate repudiation of the old
debi of the Slate as well as the Scott bonds.]
THE PLUNDERED STATE.
Thc Result of the Frauds on the Bond. I
holders and Taxpayers-Ranters of
Farther and Blore Alarming Discover,
les-Governor Scott's Opinion of His
Colleagues.
The New York World of Friday has the fol?
lowing article on the South Carolina bond
swindle:
The feeling of insecurity engendered
amongst holders of South Carolina bonds by
tue statements o? frauds that have been pub?
lished in this paper, has not abated one whit,
and the anxiety felt by people, not In New
York, bot In various parts of the South, con
tines to maoitest itself in the way of requests
for lnlormation of various kinds. Thus one
Kntleman writes: "Why don't they (Scott,
rker and Dennis) publish the report of the
Investigation into Kimpton's books promised
to the reporter cf the World And "Why
don't they expose any errors. If such existed,
in the table compiled by the World from their
own printed statement, and which pointed so
conclusively to fraudulent Issues of bonds
Why they should remain silent with means of
vlndicai lng themselves in their possession, ls
bust known to them. Certainly lt would seem,
as one interrogator remarks, "a very simple
matter to refute with official figures the con?
clusions of that convincing table It they had
been arrived at by a misapprehension of the
official public statement.
Certainly the construction.that ls put upon
their reticence ls anything but favorable to
the financia; soundness of the State of South
Carolina or the integrity of tts officers. 80
strong has the feeling of distrust become that
almost marked effect ls noticeable, not only In
the marketable vaine ot the bonds, but tn the
difficulty experienced in disposing ot them at
all. It is now said that the presenoe ol the
State officers among us ls due to a want of
money to meet some maturing obligations
which it would have been fatal to them to
to have allowed to remain unpaid. They
.reared the very disclosures that have been
I?-made. The Investigation of Kimpton's books,
lt ls further said, was only a ruse to distract
people from their real purpose: however this
may be, some of them have been pretty ex?
tensively "chinning around Wall street for
funds."
The friends of Governor Scott are very
active In trying to disconnect bis name from
any ot the vlllanous practices of his appointees
and political colleagues, and tell of many In?
stances In which he has denounced them as
"thieves" or "scoundrels," and bis friends now
think he ought to be able to speak advisedly.
Very strong rumors are circulating of further
discoveries ot' over-issues in the bonds of the
State, swelling the amount lar beyond the
highest figures yet published. Ia contradic?
tion to Governor Scott's statement that all the
bonds printed bad not been signed or issued,
comes a statement that in most Instances the
bends left the printer's hand complete, even
to the signatures, which were likewise printed.
MARTIAL LAW IN UNION.
WASH INOTOK, November ll.
The President to day issued a proclamation
formally suspending the writ ol habeas corpus
in Union County, S. C., Inasmuch as the arms,
ammunition, Atc, belonging to the so-called
Insurgents have not, In conformity with bis j
previous proclamation, been delivered up to
the United States officials.
THE SMALL-POX PLAGUE.
WASHINGTON, November ll.
It is believed by prominent gentlemen that
the spread of small-pox in Eastern cities ls at?
tributable to the sale of buffalo robes taken
from the camps of the Piegan and Blackfeet
Indians, who were so severely stricken with
that disease two years ago. Since then seve?
ral of the robes which were prohibited from
the markets have disappeared, and lt ls be?
lieved they have been brought East.
THE ELECTIONS.
Mississippi.
JACKSON, November ll.
Returns indicate the following complexion
ol the Legislature: Republicans 6, Democrats
53, doubtful 2. In the Senate Republicans 24,
Democrats 12. This shows a heavy Democratic J
MwW)n- Alcorn, going to the Senate, will resign
?^favor ol the Lleutenant-Governor.
Y Minnesota.
8T. PAUL, November ll.
Aiistln, Republican candidate for Governor,
has a majority of over 8000, with upper coun?
ties unheard from.
THE STEAMBOAT LAWS.
LOUISVILLE, November ll.
3&e National Steamboat Convention here
adopted resolutions for a committee of two
from each State to draft a new steamboat law,
and secure its passage, the committee having
power to call a convention whenever neces- j
sary. The committee on grievances report
the present law and its regulations Indefinite
in its provisions, and compels owners to test
inventions, against their Judgment of their
utility or safety. It leaves local inspectors
discretionary powers only against steamboat
owners and their interests. The law em?
powers supervisors to compel owners to
purchase patented devices at their pleasure.
The committee recommend that the whole
subject be referred to a committee to ?raft a
suitable bill and secure Its passage, which was
adopted.
SPARKS EROM THE WIRES.
-Botts, who killed "Pet" Halstead, In Kew
t a, in the presence of their mn tua! paramour,
bas been sentenced to be hung on the 21st of I
November.
-The grand Jury of Baltimore has Indicted
eighteen whiskey men.
-The Philadelphia and Trenton railroad has
been leased to the Pennsylvania Central rail
Toad. This gives the latter 498 miles ot road
in New JVrsey. 600 miles of canal, several
ferries and tbe Delaware bridge.
-The United fetales and British Claims Com?
mission meets attain at Washington on the
14th instant. The claims of persona who,
^lnce their claims accrued, have become cltl
**%eos ot the United States, will be presented to
tbe Commission by Mr. Howard, the British
agent.
-Speaker Blaine writes that he will not an?
nounce tbe committees ot the House until the
second week in December.
-The President approves the sentence of
.Captain Hodges, cas'tlered lor embezzlement.
THE SITUATION OT COLUMBIA.
Anxiety about Richland County
Another Day of the State Fair.
[3PZCUL TELEGRAM TO THB N?W3.J
COLUMBIA, November 12.
The news that Union County has been plaeed
under martial law has created a protound
impression here, and lt ls leared that Richland
County wili be the next one attacked. Further
restrictions have been placed on visitors to
the Ku-Klux prisoners confined here. Messrs.
Rodgers, Farr, Greer, Dawkins and Rogersi
the Union prisoners, were to-day committed
for trial by Commissioner Booser.
The last day of the Fair was delightful, and
the Fair 19 pronounced ora all side% to have
been a perfect success. The premiums were
awarded to-day, and nearly all of the Charles?
ton exhibitors took handsome prizes. The
great race of the day was a half mlle running
dash between The Belle of York and John
Kendrick, for one thousand dollars, and was
won by the mare In fllty-three seconds.
B. W. T.
DOINGS AT THE8TATE FAIR.
A Rainy Day-The Tournament-A
Grand Ball.
[FROM OrE OWN CORRESPONDENT
COLCMBIA, S. C., November 9.
It is a tradition here that Jupiter Pluvlus
smiles upon the State Fair, and the oldest resi?
dent can only call to mind one or two occa?
sions when the festivities of fair week were
interrupted by unwelcome rains. The fair has
hitherto been a prognostic ot fine weather, but
this year it failed. The City of Columbia got
out of its bed this morning, and while discuss?
ing its poached egg and morning newspaper at
Its early and frugal breakiast. read with alarm
in the unerring iorecaste of the Signal Service
department that "southerly winds and rain"
were probable for the south Atlantic State?.
The gloomy prediction was speedily verified,
and before ten o'clock the rain was tailing in a
determined, relentless way that boded no good
to the fair. It was a sad blow to the Slate Agri?
cultural and Mechanical Society. The exhibition
had just been fairly organized,and with pleasant
weather during the remainder of the week
would doubtless have been an eminent suc?
cess; but the lates willed otherwise, the rain
fell alike on the just and the unjust, and the
pleasure of the fair, for this day at least, was
destroyed. The attendance was good, how?
ever, and the discomforts ol the dav were en?
dured with that easy good nature that always
prevails In a crowd whose only raison d'etre IR
the gregariousness of the human animal. The
programme for the day was adhered to, and
much Interest was manifested In each event.
The various committees accomplished large
amounts ot work, inspecting the articles of?
fered for exhibition and watching the busy
play of the machines. An excellent trial ot j
the twenty-one cotton gins was made, each
gin being allowed three pounds to a saw,
and each machine carrying thirty er
forty saw?. The stock was duly inspected,
and the ribbon of victory fastened to such ot
the honored cattle as the judges deemed
worthy of that distinction. A game of base
ball was prayed between the Mutual and the
Robert E. Lee clubs, resulting In a victory for
the former, by a score of 26 to 5. The tourna?
ment, which had been necessarily postponed
yesterday, also took place. There were lour
prizes offered for the tournament and they
were carried off by Messrs. Hammett, Beau?
ford, James and Muldrow. The '-tin cup,"
which ls an honorable distinction accruing to
the worst rider, was won by Mr. Levy. After
this came a trotting match for one hundred
dollars, mlle heats, best three out of five. For j
this there were only two entries-Hickory
Jack and Boyce Sc Co'.s Rip Rap-and the race
was gallantly won by the first named horse in
2:5|; 2:51 and 2:511. This closed the day's
amusement, and carriages and umbrellas
moved homeward.
The event of this evening In the city has
been, of course, the annual ball of the South
Carolina Club. The best hall in the place (Er?
win's) had been engaged, the rather Irregular
floor had been nicely waxed, and every ar?
rangement made to insure a pleasant even?
ing. The general management was In the
hands of the executive committee ot the club,
headed by Major Wi1 liam T. Gary, president,
assisted by an efficient reception committee,
General J. B. Kershaw, chairman; music com?
mittee, Mr. J. M. Rhett, chairman; committee
on supper. Colonel A. C. Haskell, chairman,
and a floor committee, whereol the principal
manager was Carlos Tracy, Esq. The mem?
bers of the committees were designated by
various badges, that of the president.
Major Gary, being particularly noticeable. It
was a handsome rosette of blue corded
ribbon, with fringed streamers, quite aa sig?
nificant and much more appropriate than the
little red ribbon of the Legion of Honor that
has decorated many a worst man's breast.
The party was an early one, and the bugle
blast for the first quadrille was sounded
promptly at eight o'clock. Most of the guests
were present at that hour, and before ten
o'clock the floor was crowded, and the br,li
was a pronounced success. From ten o'clock
till midnight were the pleasantest hours of the
ball, and during those two hours the little hall
contained as fair a convocation of the "beauty
and the chivalry" of this good old State as was
ever witnessed. Returning to my quiet quar?
ters, and endeavoring to recall the events of j
the night, I find lt difficult to remember the
names of a tithe of the fair ladles whose pres?
ence graced this second reunion ot the South
Carolina Club,but among them were Miss Annie
Hampton. Miss Preston and Mrs. Dr. Darby,
Miss Jordan, the three Misses Aldrich, Miss
Connor, Miss Russell, (an Augusta belle) Miss
Bonham, Miss Wlgfall, Miss Moore, the two
Misses Gary, Mies Kershaw, Mrs. George Tup-1
per, and last and least (In years and Inches)
Miss Dora Tupper, a darling child, not yet in
her teens, but with the air of a queen and the
beauty ot a goddess. It ls perhaps unfair to
make such a partial enumeration of the ladles
who honored this evening's party, but, how- j
ever grateful the task might be, lt would be
almost impossible to designate all of the fair
women and brave men wno trod the floor of
Erwin Hall to-night. It was a coruscation of
beauty, of which I have caught and reflected
only a spark here and there. There were
fourteen dances on the card, arranged In the
good old-fashioned style ot the galop, waltz j
and polka, alternating with cotillons ranging
from the Bouquet to Les Lanciers, and it was
not until the church bella chimed the hour ol
two and chanticleer croaked his saucy
challenge to the coming day, that the merry
party took to their carriages and rolled home
to dream of their South Carolina ball of'71.
B. V7. T.
COWTON MOVEMENT FOR THE WEEK.
NEW YORK, November 12.
The cotton movement has been the largest
for the season in receipts. The exports were
larger than last week, but not up to the cor-1
responding week ot 1S70. The receipt? at all
of the ports for (he week were 105,400 bales
against 96,078 last week, 93,969 the previous
week, and 82,538 three weeks Bince. The
total receipts since September have been 565,
195 bales against 678,556 for the correspond?
ing period of the previous year, showing a
decrease since September 1st, this year, ot
113,361 bales. The exports from all of the ports
for the week were 41,151 bales, against 52,280
for the same week last year. The total ex?
ports lor the expired portion of the cotton
year amount to 230,850 bales, against 281,196
for the same time last year. The present
stock, as compared with that ol the corres?
ponding week last year, is as follows
NOV. 13, 1871. 1870.
At all ports.297,186 315.721
At the Interior towns. 60.778 ?3,070
In Liverpool.497,000 438.00)
American cotton afloat for
Great Britain.S3 000 133,000
Indian cotton afloat for
tu rope.3 S 1,43? 204,446
The weather South was rainy during the
week in many sections, although not so much
so as last week. Scarcely any mention ls made
of frost, and the crops are being gathered
rapidly. _
THE RU S Sr AN FLEET.
NKW YORK, November 12.
The Russian man-of-war which has arrived
lea the fleet twenty-seven days ago. Her
commander reports that the fleet may be ex?
pected at any hour.
T??E FALL OF TAMMANY.
SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NBfT
YORK.
Gotham on Election Day and Night
The Consequences of the Defeat of the
Democratic Party-Must the Organi?
sation Disband I-Speculations on the
Future Brave Little Jersey -The
South Carolina Bona Frauds.
[PROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.]
NEW YORK, November 8.
Tammany ls overthrown. In the whirlwind
evoked from the exposure of the frauds of its
leaders it has gone down, dragging with lt the
Democratic party of the State. Fortunate will
it be in the end if the catastrophe has not de?
stroyed the party In the nation. The result of
yesterday is one ol the most complete politi?
cal revolutions in our history. But a few
months ago, the power of William M. Tweed
seemed so Irrevocably established that the
doubter would have excited universal derision.
In a day the autocrat has been stripped of
every particle of his great prestige, and ls as
naked and forlorn almost as the beggar In the
streets. He has been re-elected to (he Senate,
it ls true, but he will never be permitted to
take the seat. So utterly used up is he that
the popular appreciation ot lils condition took
the shape, mis afternoon, of a report that he
had fled to Europe.
Tammany Hall as a political organization Is
broken up. The resignation and retirement
of Peter B. Sweeney takes the brains out of
the concern, The defeat of the Tammany
candidates on the county ticket by enormous
majorities shows that the rank and file of the
party over which Tammany has held almost
undisputed sway, have abandoned it. Last
evening the Tammany Hall building on Four?
teenth street, which on election nights in the
past was wont to be brilliantly lighted and
crowded with cheering Democrats, was dark
and deserted, as If it typified the desolation
which had come upon its masters.
Tammany fell before the ripened wrath o?
the people. You In Charleston, who have just
passed through a similar political revolution
and have overthrown corruption at the polls,
will understand the feeling that pervaded the
masses here. I never before, not even In a
Presidential contest, saw such Intense interest
in an election. Men who had not voted for
vears, turned out this time. Citizens who
have refused to dabble in local politics, be- j
cause they were so dirty, took off their coats
and went in and worked this time os If their
salvation depended upon the result. How
widespread this feeling was, was illustrated
in the case of the venerable A.zariah C. Flagg,
a Democratic statesman of the days of Monroe
and Jackson, who blind, aged and crippled as
he was, came lrom a home In which iuflrmlty
has secluded him for the past twelve years,
and borne to the polls by a loving daughter
and strong-armed friend, deposited bis ballot
for the Reform candidates. I walked through
the lower portion of the city about noon yes?
terday. Nearly all (he wholesale stores were
closed-Wall, Broad and Nassau streets ap?
peared as they do on a holiday. The banks
were open for the transaction of necessary
business, but there was no hurrying to and fro
of merchants and clerks, there was no busy
throng of brokers and speculators on the side?
walks, and even the rattle of vehicles on the
cobblestones was wanting.
At night Print inn-House square and the
neighborhoods ol the newspaper offices were
filled with a dense mass of human beings. The
Herald rigged up a huge bulletin board and Il?
luminated lt from a calcium light hung at the
Astor House opposite. In the other offices
the returns were bulletined on posters. The
New Yorker Journal (German) had Its dis?
patches read from a stand erected la front ol
irs office, and beguiled the moments between
their receipt with music lrom a lull brass band.
As the reform victories, one after another,
were announced, they were received by the
people with vociferous cheering. The greatest
sat!slactlon was expressed in the defeat of
Ledwllb. the Tammany candidate for judge
of the Supreme Court, who had deserted the
reform movement at a critical moment to take
service with the enemy. The Germans were
especially delighted with the heavy majority
Sven to General Slge), the Reform candidate
r registrar. This ls, perhaps, the first in?
stance on record where twenty thousand Irish
Democrats voted for a German Republican.
The most desperate local battle was fought
in the seventh senatorial district, in which
Jimmy O'Brien was running for senator against
Bradley, the brother-in-law of Sweeney.
O'Brien ls one of the most unscrupulous poli?
ticians in New York and up In all the trickery
incident to local elections, and this was really
a case of Greek meeting Greek, for lt was
Jimmy against the Ring. Thousands of decent
people voted for O'Brien to strike at the Ring,
and he is returned by ten thousand majority.
His triumph puts him to the front as a party
leader, and there are many who already re?
gard him aa the "Bill Tweed" of the future.
The success of the Republicans lu the State Is
overwhelming. They have not only elected their
State ticket, but a two-thirds majority ot both
branches ot the Legislature; thus enabling
them to pass their bills over Governor Hoff?
man's veto. Another misfortune to the De?
mocracy ls, that the new Legislature will have
the redistricting ot the State under the cen?
sus ol 1870, which ls worth twenty thousand
votes to any party. Ot course, the deleat ls
attributed to the 'Tammany exposures. It Is
unquestionable, though, that the 12th of July
riots had a potent influence on the result.
They aroused a great deal of religious bitter?
ness, and, as I Intimated at the time, gave
new ll feto the secret Know-Nothing clubs. The
effect is exhibited not only In New York, but
throughout the country. The Democratic
party has met with defeat or heavy losses
everywhere In the North, except In New Jer?
sey, where the course ot Governor Randolph
and the popularity et Governor Parker saved
lt. And every Democrat from those States
with whom I have talked, charged their party
disasters to Tammany and the 12th of July.
Is the party ruined This ls a startling ques?
tion. But In the face of the rout of yesterday it ls
the question In most people's mouths. It the
Republican party, corrupt as lc undeniably ls,
weakened by intestine feuds and carrying
such a load as U. S. Grant, can beat the Dem?
ocracy everywhere in the North on the eve of
a Presidential contest, what possibility is there
of a success next year If the party rallies
and coes into the presidential fight, could lt
survive a national defeat I have seen a great
many despairing Democrats to-day, and I have
heard most of them warbling the name of
Brown. It ls needless to explain that this
Brown is Gratz of Missouri. We must let
Carl Schurz and the conservative Republicans
nominate Gratz," ls the general remark, "and
the Democratic convention must meet and In?
dorse him." If the opposition Republicans
will let us have Joel Parker on the ticket for
vice-president," said a hitherto stiff necked
and uncompromising Democrat of the old
school, "I think I can manage to swallow
Rrown." The recent editorial advice of the
St. Louis Republican, the Democratic organ of
Missouri, and Frank Blair's speeches in Ala?
bama and Mississippi, are much canvassed.
They propose, you will remember, that the
Democratic party shall decline to take part In
the Presidential contest, keep up Its organiza?
tion tn the States only, and that its members
support the anti-Grant candidate for President.
lu the midst of defeat the news from New
Jersey is consoling. Parker has made a
splendid run. He is the only Democrat
though who could have been elected Gover?
nor, except Randolph, who ls at present inelli
gible. Jersey, so constantly the butt of we
metropolitans, has risen cons derably in the
estimation of metropolitan Democrats. The
popular fac?tie now ls, "0 let's move over in?
to the United States."
There were no new developments about the
South Carolina bond frauds to-day. The
bonds weakened on Change this morning,
and bondholders are clamorous for more In?
formation. Two of the newspapers to my
knowledge have diligent reporters out, and
are working up the case, even at the risk ot
having their bodies perforated with bullets
from the firearms of the doughty Dennis, who
threatens dire destruction to all who dare in?
vestigate. A number of South Carolina gen?
tlemen sojourning In the city have held sev?
eral Informal meetings, and it ls understood
that lhere will be a larger gathering In a night
or two. The purpose is to ferret out all the
intending rascality of the State officials, and
give it to the press and public. You will prob?
ably have particulars by telegraph before this
reaches you. NTM.
THE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
Acquittal of Kelly-A Voting Confidence
in Amadeus-France and the Pope.
-r .UT, DUBLIN, November ll.
Kelly, the Fenian, accused of the murder of I
the high constable, has been acquitted. Kelly's
friends made aome demonstration, but no dis?
turbance occurred.
MADRID, November ll.
The Cortes voted its confidence in the exist?
ing government of King Amadeus by 191 to
38. The Radical members abstained lrom
voting.
LONDON, November ll.
The steamer Halsatla, leaving Plymouth for
Hamburg, ran down a schooner in the harbor
the crew beiDg drowned.
PARIS, November ll.
President Thiers, In an interview, authori?
tatively stated that he would propose to end
the present provisional regimen in France and
establish a permanent republic when the As?
sembly meets in December.
The Papal Nuncio and the French Minister
of Foreigu Affairs had a long consultation yes?
terday, during which the Constitutionnel says
they discussed the forthcoming Papal protest,
wherein the Pope declares himself the sole
King ot Rome, and will not hold Intercourse
with the Minister of Victor Emanuel.
BRUSSELS, November ll.
The Bank of Belgium has reduced its rate of
interest lo four per cent.
The Independence Beige newspaper affirms
the appointment of Jules Ferry to Washing?
ton.
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Aggregate Losses-Action of Warehouse?
men.
NEW YORK. November 10.
The publishers of the Spectator, au Insur?
ance journal, have Issued a table showing the
aggregate losses to companies by States, tbe
number suspended and assessed, and the num?
ber unaffected by the Chicago fire. Total com?
panies Involved, 335; aggregate capital, $24,
939,216; total gross assets, $135,420,426; total
losses, $82,821,122; companies suspended, 57;
number assessed, 28; number not in fire, 87.
Loss of companies bv States New York, $21,
637.500; Ohio, $4.718,657; Massachusetts, $4,
483.500; Pennsylvania, $2.082,000; Illinois, $33,
878,000; Connecticut, $9.325,000; Rhode Is?
land, $2,072.500; California, $2.950.000; Mis?
souri, $375,000; Maryland, $397,165; Wisconsin,
$200,000; Michigan, $175,000; Minnesota, $100,
000; Maine. ?30,000; Kentucky, $6800. Loss ot
foreign companies, $5.813,000.
CHICAGO, November 10.
Under the high rates of Insurance, proprie?
tors of warehouses have each determined to
buy steam are engines for their own use, the
whole number to be called out in case of neces?
sity, and each warehouse to haro a steam
pump to flood the establishments, thus doing j
away with the necessity of Insurance.
GOSSIP FROM GOTHAM.
NEW YORK, November ll.
At a large meeting held in Brooklyn to-day
against rings and their influences, proposi?
tions to use the lamp-posts whereon to hang
all repeaters and ballot-stuffers were tumul?
tuously applauded.
Six or seven hundred workmen, nearly all
discharged since election day, were around
the courthouse to-day endeavoring to get pay
for six weeks' work.
The Evening Post Bays a cordial meeting
occurred between Senator Fenton and Collec?
tor Murphy, and the hatchet was burled.
Greeley is less tractable, but lt ls understood
that he signs the truce. This means a coali?
tion between the Greeley and Murphy Repub?
licans, between whom there has been a bitter
war. A later telegram says The rumored
burying ot the hatchet by Senator Fenton and
Murphy is Incorrect. They met at the house of
a mutual friend and exchanged the usual
Courtesies, but no political significance ls at?
tached to this.
The bank statement shows loans increased
nearly two and three-quarter millions. Specie
has Increased one million. Deposits show an
Increase of over six and three-quarter millions.
Legal tenders show an increase of two mil?
lions.
THE TOBACCO TRADE.
CINCINNATI, November ll.
A meeting of tobacco manufacturers and
dealers here agreed that bonded warehouses
were unnecessary. That the peddliog system
should be better guarded against frauds, or
abolished. Dealing in leaf tobacco should be
better regulated. The meeting generally
favored a reduction of the tax. A committee
was appointed to forward resolutions to Wash?
ington.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE-A POINT GAINED.
WASHINGTON, November ll.
Judge Carter, of the Supreme Court, gave
Judgment to-day against female voters because
the act organizing the District of Columbia
confers the the right only upon male citizens,
but Judge Carter has no doubt that the four?
teenth and fifteenth amendments confer the
same right upon women.
THE WEATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON. November 12.
The barometer will probably continue high,
with clear weather to-night, followed by
cloudy weather on Monday, la the Middle and
Eastern Stries. The cloud and rain wilt ex?
tend very generally over the Mississippi Val?
ley and eastward over the Ohio Valley and
Lake Huron, with Increasing southeasterly
winds on Lake Michigan to-night. Elsewhere
dangerous winds are not anticipated. Cau
UonaT signals are ordered for this evening at
Chicago and Milwaukee.
Yesterday's Weather He port? or the
Sigual Service, U. S. A.-4.47 P. M.,
Local Time.
Place of
Observation.
S
o rs
c. r.
Augusts, Qa.... 30.42 59 NE Light. Fair.
Baltimore. 30.64 48 N Light. Clear.
Boston. 30.28 34 NW Fresh. Clear.
Burlington, Vt.. 30.51 27 NE Gentle. Clear.
Buifalo, N. V_ 30.64 35 E Gentle. Fair
Cape May, N. J.. 30.47 421 NW Fresh. Clear.
Cairo, III. 30.24 57 SE Fresh. Cloudy.
Cnane3ton. 30.41 63 NE Fresh. Fair.
Cheyenne, W. T.. 29.4l? 26 N Brisk. Thr'ng.
Cntcago. 30.28 48 SE Brisk. Cloudy.
Cincinnati. 30.38| 64 E Light. Cloudy.
OievelanU. 30.46 46 K Light. Cloudy.
Corinne, ?tah... 29.90 41 w Gentle. Cloudy.
Davenport, Iowa 30.20 fit E Fresh. Cloudy.
Detroit. 30.45 42 E Gentle. Fair.
Duluth. Minn... 30.03 47 S Gentle. Cloudy.
Escanaba, Mich. 30.36 42 SE Brisk. Fair.
Grand Haven.... 30.34 44 E Fre*h. Cloudy.
indianapolis 30.M 52 SE Gentle. Cloudy.
Jackson, Miss... 30.30 72 NE Gentle. Fair.
Keokuk, Iowa... 3i.07 50 SE Fresh. Lt.Raln
Key West, Fla...30.07 79 E Brisk. Fair.
Knoxville, Tenn. 30.33 56 calm.Fair.
Lake City. Fla.. 30.19 73 E Brisk. Fair.
eavenworth 30.03 49 SE Gentle. Misty.
Louisville.|30.27 55 s Gentle. Cloudy.
Lynchburg.i3o 49 52 E Gentle. Clear.
Marquette. 30.25 41 S Fresh. Thr'ng.
Menipuis, Tenn.. 30.16 53 SE Fresh. Thr'ng.
Milwaukee, Wis, 30.30 4 SE Fresh. Cloudy.
Motile.30.13 69 *E Fresh, ilioudy.
Mt. Washington. 30.07 16 N Kresh. L.Snow
^ashville.30.31 6rSE Light. Cloudy.
New London, CL 30.35 33|N Brisk. Clear.
New Orleans... 30.04 87iE Fresh. Lt, Rain
New York. 30.44 41 NW Fresh. Clear.
Norfolk.(30.49 48 8 Llghr. Fair.
uraaha, Neb.i29.86 46 SE Fresh. iLt,Raln
Oswego, N. Y.... 30.56 31 calm..Ipalr.
Philadelphia. 30.48 43 N Gentle, kjlear.
Pittsburg, Pa.... 30.55 45.
Portland. Me....?30.29 32 NW Fresh, clear.
Puota Rosa, Fla 30.15 78INE LUh'. Fair.
Rochester, N. Y. 30.561 29INE |Ught. F ir.
San i'lego. .?0.16 67-NW ?Fresh. BBZJ.
San Francisco..?30.19i 65?W .Cloudy.
Savannan.[30.30 60lNE iBrlsk. Cloudy.
st. Louts. ?30.11 64.-E t'ientie. cloudy.
St. Paul. Mian.. 30.041 44,'SE iLuht. H.Ratn.
Tsledo, <>..130.43! 42 B B iak, cloudy.
Washington^ t?.?30.51 4-> N uentle. Hazy.
Wiimmeton.NC 130.461 58INE [Light. Clear.
I
Nora.-The weather renon dated T.47u'? ock,
this morning, wlU be posted lo the rooms m the
Chamber of Commerce at io o'cloik A. M.. and,
together with the weather chart, may (bj the
courtesy of the Chamber) be examined by ?hip?
masters at any time during the day.
THE SDBY1T0BS Pf COM
A [SOLEMN DEXUNCIATIOX OF 1
KLUXI8M.
The Proceedings of the Survivors'
goclatlon Election of Odlcers -I
Klux Ism.
The Survivors' Association assembled
lumbla on Friday morning last, sixteen cou
associations being represented. Among
delegates were Generals Conner, Chesi
Kershaw, Kennedy and Hagood.
The report or the executive board was rf
showing that excellent progress had b
made lu collecting material for a histor
the State during the late war; also that'
board have made arrangements with Mes
Walker, Evans A Cogswell for the publlcat
or the roll of the dead; also that the reco
aad papers of the association have h
placed, by permission, In a room at
Charleston Library; also that valuable reco
had been received from Generals McGov
and Hagood; also that the expenses of
year show a deficiency of receipts amount
to $391 21; also that $902 In all are now
quired.
The convention now adjourned, and ri
sembled at 7 P. M. to hear the address
General Jubal A. Early.
Second Day.
The convention reassembled at ll o'clo
Saturday morning.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
On motion of General Conner, the offic
of the association were re-elected by acciar
tlon. President. General Wade Hampti
Yice-presldents, General E. H. Anderson, Gi
eral J. B. Kershaw, General S. McGowi
Major T. G. Barker. General M. C. Butler a
General Arthur M. Manigault. -Secreta
Colonel A. C. Haskell. Treasurer, Captain
K. Bachman.
The chair then announced the follow!
persons reappointed on the executive bot
for the ensuing year Executive Board-C
onel Edward McCrady, General Ellison
pers, General James Conner. Colonel J.
McCutchen, Colonel W. H. Wallace, Coloi
J. H. Blon, Colonel C. Irvine Walker.
DENOUNCING KU-KLOXISlf.
The resolution presented on the 10th by Gt
eral Kershaw, and adopted, was brought i
for consideration, together with the report
the committee. The resolution ls as follows:
Resolved, That a committee to consist of o
from each delegation In attendance bea
pointed to consider and report upon the e
pediency of some action of this association
the present meeting, disavowing aay knov,
edge on our part of the existence now or
any time heretofore of any societies or orga
izatlons having for their object the unlawf
deprivation ot any class of citizens of th
State of the full exercise of all the prlvlleg
to which they are entitled under the terms
the recent amendments to the Federal Consi
tutlon. Also, as to the expediency of an a
dress to the people of this State, urging tl
disbandment of all organizations, ll any stu
there be, ot the nature popularly known
Ku Klux Klans, abd generally urging upc
our fellow-cltlzens a faithful observance of e:
istlng laws, and a patient endurance ot ev]
which may not be corrected by legislativ
political or social reforms.
The resolution was submitted to the fol lot
lng committee: Orangeburg, Captain Dav
Trezevant; Charleston, General James Coi
ner; Chesterfield, Captain J. A. Wilson; Mai
boro', Colonel J. W. Harrington; Richland, J
B. DeSaussure; Sumter, Colonel J. D. Blani
lng: York, Colonel Cad. Jones; Newbery
Thoa. S. Moorman; Falrfle'd, Captain Samu
B. Clowney; Edgefleld, Leroy F. Youman
Chester, Wm. H. Brawley; Kershaw, Gener
Kershaw; Greenville, Lieutenant Perry; Le:
ington, ti. W. Rice; Barnwell. General Johi
BOU Hagood; General Wade Hampton, pres
dent; chairman, General J. B. Kershaw.
The report, as follows, was adopted by tl
unanimous vote of the Convention
The committee to whom were referre
certain resolutions Inquiring Into the exped
diency of certain action In regard to the si
called Ku-Klux-Klans, respectfully report, tbf
the subject matter of the resolutions belo,
foreign to the objects ol thr association, whlc
are all expressed without qualification or ri
servatlon In our printed constitutions, th
committee deem any action of this body o
the subject Inexpedient and Improper. Bu
Inasmuch as lt has been charged upon us thi
we have participated In or countenanced th
organizations referred to, the committee r<
commend the removal of such aspersions b
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That at no time has this associi
tlon given countenance or encouragement t
any organizations or combinations for tb
purpose of violating the established laws c
the land, or the tights of any person then
under, and hereby earnestly and solemnly dc
clare their disapproval of all such organize
tloos, If any there be, existing In this State
Respectfully submitted,
J. B. KERSHAW,
Chairman.
THE BLUE RIDQE RINO.
A Startling Array of Figures and Facti
-The Personnel of the Company-Cot<
of the Work-How the Job ia flan
aged.
[FROS! AS OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.]
TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEWS.
For the last two or three years I have beer
an attentive spectator of the course pursued
by the Ring that at present rule the destinies
of the Blue Ridge Ridge Railroad. HIthertc
they have had all their own way, but at the
coming election lt may be possible tor honest
men to wrest the railroad from their grasp. A
short review of their conduct, from one who
has hal considerable opportunities for Investi?
gating it,-may not be valueless.
In February, 1869, Major T. B. Lee, a per?
sonal friend of the president J. W. Harrison,
was engaged, at a salary of $3000 a year, as
"principal assistant engineer" to resurvey the
line. As far as I have been able to discover,
his entire railroad experience consisted in
having been employed for a year or two pre?
vious to the war as rodman, chain-carrier and
transitman under the surveying engineer of
the Blue Ridge Railroad. Organizing a corps
he reran the old line, (two-thirds completed,)
and also a line round the tunnel that had
been examined and condemned by the
previous engineers.
The survey and estimates completed, con?
tractors were Invited to tender for the whole
line, one of the conditions being that they
were to advance $300,000 to the company be?
fore receiving any pay for the work. Cress?
well, Peterson Co. took the contract, em?
ploying Thomas Steers as subcontractor. Not
fulfilling, however, the terms of their agree?
ment, and thus greatly damaging the Interests
of the company, Cresswell k Co. were paid
$75,000 and all the debts they bad Incurred OB
the railroad, on condition that they would
abandon the contract.
Instead of again putting the construction of
the line to public competition, the contract
was privately given to the individual (or cor?
poration) working under the title of "Thomas
Steers," on far more advantageous terms than
those given to Cresswell Co. The new con?
tractor was to be paid In cash at the end of
each month for all work performed. Notwith?
standing the tremendous fall In gold that had
just occurred, the actual prices in dollars and
cents paid for several descriptions of material
was higher than in the previous contract. In
the remainder it was about the same. The
price of bridge masonry was Increased Hf ty per
cent. Materials that could not be called
"earth," and yet that might be worked and
handled with almost equal ease and cost, in?
stead of belDg paid for at the express valua?
tion In each case of the engineer, as in the
lormer contract, were to be clastilnVd as loose
rock at seventy-five Cents a cuoic yard. The
prices averaged at least double those paid to
any former contractor on IRK line before the
war, whose rates I have been able to obtain,
and there are very few who luve taken con?
tracts ir. the line that will uot come under that
category. Steera's prices arc, us a rule, also
at least tiny per cent, more than casu prices
paid on the Air Line and other honestly cou
ductfd railroads in the Routh. Thu price on
the Air Line lor earth is about twenty cents a
cubic yai'H (halt in bends ol Hie Coinpan.v.)
"T. Ste^ a* gets thirty eenie cann. Rock, tun?
nelling and masonry are high tn like propor
tion. What can be the reason of all this' Can
it be that Scott, Harrison Co. are Interested
in the Steere contract?
Move. Messrs. Humberd k Hitchcock, Jones
and others, held contracts on the tunnels and
other sections ol the line, previous to ibe war,
at prices varying from thirty to fifty per cent,
less than those given to Steers Co. Several
of them (very responsible men,) Intimated to
the company their willingness to continue said
contracts. This initiated an extraordinary!
course of action. If work were commenced
on the South Carolina portion where these
contracts lay, these men could force the com?
pany to renew their agreements on the former
basis. For a year and a half, therefore; this
portion of the line (the one least admissible of
delay.) was left unworked. In the meantime,
Mr. Lee was employed In running lines Innu?
merable between Walhalla and the Cbatuga
Blver. Eventually he found a route that he
estimated as cheaper and shorter than the old
line. No less than three ol the engineers em?
ployed on the survey (all thoroughly reliable
men,) have Informed me that the data used in
estimating the two roads were radically differ?
ent. The quantities of the old line were cal?
culated as a first-class road, as regards breadth
of roadbed, easy curves and grades, slopes of
cuttings, Ac. Those of the new line were cal?
culated only tor a second-class road, with nar?
row roadbed, steep slopes of cuttings, and
grades and curves fifty per cent, steeper and
sharper than on the old line. And yet, with j
all their hair-splitting and many other ingeni?
ous expedients, there was not five per cent,
difference in cost, at Steen's prices, between
the estimates of the quantities on the two
routes.
There were, however, two great advan?
tages^) in the new route. 1st. The directors
were not obliged to give the work to the old
contractors, with their low prices, (out of
which they could not possibly afford to par
bribes) but could give it all to T. Steers, at his
exorbitant rates. 2d. The president, J. W.
Harrison, Governor Scott, G. W. Waterman
(director,) John Cochran, T. Steers, T. B. Lee
(the engineer who got up the line and esti?
mates,) and others in the Biog, owned, or had
bonded, large quantities of land on and near
the line ot the new route. The Walhalla depot,
aud probably another stopping place, were In?
tended to be located on lands owned by mem?
bers of the Bing. Under these circumstances,
who could be surprised that Harrison, Scott,
Lee k Co. should hesitate a moment which
line to adopt!
The old line (two-thirds constructed) was
abandoned. It had been unanimously adjudg?
ed the best and cheaper location-when
scarcely begun-by Latrobe, G winn, Randolph
St. John, Bowlne, Fink, Griffin, an 1 others ot
the most eminent engineers in the United
States. The new line was recommended by a
man whose sole railroad experience, as far as
I can learn, bad been gained by working In a
very mediocre capacity, for a year or two,
under an assistant of one of these gentlemen.
It suema to be the opinion of all who were
connected with the road, whom I have had
opportunities of sounding, that the new line
was adopted before it wat? run. That tbe chief
engineer being powerless to prevent thejub,
determined to have as little to do with lc as
possible. He always gives out that he left It en?
tirely to his assistant, and that the line was
adopted solely on the figures and estimates of
Mr. Lee. I believe that he has never even
ridden over the route hlmsefi.
But when we speak of the new line, It must not
be supposed that there was only one. Mr.
Lee and a large and expensive corps of assis
tanta has been at work off and on for the best
part of three years, in running lines between
Walhalla and the Chatuga River about eigh?
teen miles. No less than four of these have
been given out as the final location. First, the
old line. Second, one a mlle or two to the
south, through the Needle Gap-a place on or
near the celebrated Poor Mountain tract,
bought by Harrison, Cochran and Scott. This
line was loudly crowed up, as running through
a remarkably favorable country (there
were, as the Irishman said, "such a splendid
lot ot high hills to fill the hollows with.")
In the preliminary test-pits, however, nearlj
all the cuts were found, contrary to the esti?
mates, to be almost bare rock. 3d. Another
line was run to a grade of ninety feet to the
mlle, (about twenty-five steeper than the old
line.) Here, gaining wisdom by experience,
they decided to let well enough alone, and not
sink preliminary test-pits at all. Several deep
cuttings were put through and culverts built,
when they set to work on the heaviest cut of I
all, running under the beds of two streams.
Yellow and Peter's Creeks,) and supposed
to be mostly earth. They found, however,
rock, two leet from the surface nearly all
along, especially where the culling was eighty
feet deep. One-of the contractor's foremen
told me that he considered that cutting to be
a lar heavier work than the finishing of
Stumphouse tunnel, to avoid which this line
was run. Other cuttings on the Une are
very heavy and wet, and mostly rock. In
many placea Blips may be calculated on.
In fact the line was found Impracticable,
and abandoned after a great quantity of work
had been done. 4th. They have lately sur?
veyed a new route, Intended for a narrow
gauge. It is laid out wltb several miles of I
line at a grade of one hundred and fifty feet to
the mlle, both ways-vastly steeper than any?
thing hitherto known In this country ona first
class railroad, and fifty per cent, steeper than
the famous Altoona incline. I bare been in?
formed by several eminent engineers, that an
Incline of one hundred feet to the mile ls never
used by good engineers, except under very ex?
traordinary circumstances. The Hue through
the tunnel is about sixty-five feet to the mlle,
maximum, going west, and forty-six feet to
the mile going east.
How the little engines of a narrow gauge
railroad can surmount (and pull up a tram
with th" mj Ito trier grades than the powerful
broad g- >ge engines can, none ot my en?
gineering friends (Including severa' chief
engineers of narrow gauge roads) can tell.
They don't believe it-and I am firmly persuaded
neither do the Blue Ridge magnates themselves j
-and they don't care. DETECTIVE.
A RAILROAD DISASTER.
ST. Lons, November ll.
A broken rail on the Northern Missouri Rail?
road threw two cars containing recruits from
the track aown the embankment. Two sold?
iers were killed outright, and twenty or thirty
were wounded; some fatally.
?ptnal Notices.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-Bj an order of the Honorable OEO. S.
BRYAN, United stated District Judge, the Session
of the District Oourt and the hearing or all peti?
tions and motions la Bankruptcy, or In the gen?
eral business of the District Oourt ls further post?
poned until the 20th of November last.
nov!_BANU. HORLBECK, Clerk.
mT- NOTICE.-THE UNDERSIGNED
do hereby give notice that neither they nor any
member of their Arm have any business connec?
tion or association of any kind with Mr. el. E.
BEDFORD, No. 276 King street, Charleston, S. 0.,
Grocer, and that the ose of their name by E. E
BEDFORD in any way is entirely without eutaort
ty. W. S. CORWIN A CO.
0Ct2t_
F&* COLLETON COUNTY-S TATE
AND COUNTY TAXES, 1871_COUNTY TREAS
UR R'S O FIUE, COURTHOUSE, WALTER-1
BORO', S. C.-Notice ls hereby gtven that this j
office will be open for the receipt of STATE AND j
COUNTY TAXES for the year 1871, on the 15th day
of Novemoer, 1871.
Taxes not paid on or before the loth day of j
January ,1372. wul be liable to a penalty of twenty
per cent.
All Taxes remaining unpaid on the first day of
March, 1872, will be liable to be colleoted by dis?
tress, or otherwise. All Real and Personal Pro?
perty ls charged wlih ?even (7) mills on the dollar,
for State purposes, and three (3) milla on the dol?
lar lor county purposes.
The Treasurer will visit the following named
places in the co nty to facilitate the collection of
Taxes, and on the days named b?low the office
la Wal ter boro' will be closed:
Geo rue's s tatum.December 6th and 6th
Rldgevllle.December 7th
Summerville.December stn and 9th
Adam's Ruo.Deflptnber nth
Smoke's Cross Roads....December 14th
Bell's Cross Roads.December 15th and 16tb
JAMES W. GRACE.
novl-13 Treasurer Colleton County.
fflanie?.
BERGMANN-B K N TON. -A t. Augusta, ?a.. oo
the evening 3lat October, by Rev. John W. Ham?
ilton. Mr. THKODOBB BERGMANN', or this City, to
Misa MARTHA BENTON, of Augusta. Ga.
STDHCKSS-KREIT.-On Thursday ?yening,
November 2d, at the residence o? the bride's
mother, by the Rev. W. 8. Bowman, Mr. W. H.
STUBCKEN to Miss A.M. KREIT, both of thia city,
iso cards.
CDbitnarTj.
EASTERBT.-Bled In this city, oa the evening
of che 26th ultimo, after a brier illness. KUMA
HENRIETTA, Infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Easterby, aged 2 years, 3 months and 2)
days.
"Sailer little children to come unto Me," saith
the Saviour, "for of such," He adds, "ls the King?
dom of Heaven." The world is oft pronounced by
poets a wilderness. Much more graphically might
u be described as a prairie carpeted with flow?
ers. The little Innocents, whose musical prattle
and guileless glance, upon which sin baa not yet
set its seil of discordance or suspicion, are so
many Heaven-planted dowers strewed along our
paths, and the sadden wi mering cf the humblest
cannot fall to produce a pang in the heart not
deadened to every impression of beauty. The
Kingdom or Heaven, says its sovereign, ls the re?
alization or that which ls characteristic of the
child-innocence and purity-and when He
demands runt little children be "suffered"' to de?
part hence, and go forth from aa Impure world
?.unto Him," the pang of separation for the Chris?
tian ls counteracted by the certainty mat the
Father of all has garnered them to His own
bosom.
"As the sweet flower that scents the mora,
But wi triers la the rising day,
Thus lovely was this infant's dawn,
Thus swiftly fled Its life away.
"It died ere les expanding soul
Had ever burnt with wrong desire
Had ever spurned at Heaven's control,
Or ever quenched its sacred Are.
"It died to sin, lt died to cares,
But for a moment felt the rod
0. mourner, such the Lord declares.
Such are the children ot onr God."
I.B. P.
-funeral Notices.
MOUSSE ic-Dhd on the afternoon of the 12th
November, 1871, MRS. LUCRETIA MO?SSBA?, in the
78th year or her age
pa- THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
acquaintances or the late Wm. 0. Malo, and of 0.
P. and J. P. Moasseau, are respectfully invited to
attend her Fanerai Services, at No. 15 Wau street,
at 4 o'clock Tura AFTERNOON. norla-*
"p^lioi^
GULF STREAM, from Philadelphia, are hereby
notified that she will dhwharg cargo TO-DAT at
Brown's Wharf. Goods uncalled for at sunset will
remain on wharf at owners' risk and expense.
novis-l_WM. A. COURTENAY. Agent.
pw- CONSIGNEES PEE STEAMSHIP
SOUTH CAROLINA from New York, are hereby
notified that she ls discharging cargo at Pier No.
2, Union Wharves. Goods uncalled for at sunset
win remain on the wharf at owners' risk and
expense. WM. A. COURTENAY, Agent.
novi3-l_
pa- CONSIGNEES PEE MERCHANTS'
Line Schooner D. V. ST ?EBKER will send to Ad
ger's North wharf for goods. Those not removed
at sunset will be stored at their risk. No claims
allowed after removal.
novI3-l WILLIAM ROACH A CO.
pa- THE CHARLESTON CHARITA^
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OF FIO AL RAFFLEB
NUMBERS.
CLASS No. .200 -Mo RN INO.
51-78 -29-56-24-61-77-41-43-62 -44-36
Ai witness our band at Columbia this i itu day of
November, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES GILLI LA ND,
octa_sworn Commissioners.
pm* CITY HALT, NOVEMBER 6, 1871.
The Committee on Contracts, m compliance with
the resolution passed by Council, advertise for
sealed proposals until 12 o'clock M., the 14th in?
stant, for fnrnliblng the City Hospital, Honse of
Correction and Old Folks' Home with FRESH
BEEF, of good and merchantable quality, for the
balance of the present and all of the coming fiscal
year. Each bid to be accompanied by the names
or two responsible sureties. Proposals to be
left with the Mayor._nev8-wsm3
'pa- CLERK OF COUNCIL'S OFFICE,
NOVEMBER 8.187L-At a Special Meeting of the
City council, held this afternoon, the following
orncea were declared vacant. At the Regular
Meeting, to be held on TUESDAY EVENING next.
Council will proceed to fla the same according to
Ordinance
Clerk of Council.
Messenger of Connel.
City Appraiser.
Assistant City Appraiser.
City Inspectora.
Harbormaster.
Portwardens (5.>
City Registrar.
Gaugerj of Liquor.
Keeper or Tidal Drains.
Inspector or Naval scores (t)
Superintendentror Public Cemetery. j
City Physicians
Inspectors of Lumber (s.)
Chimney Contractors (4.)
Commissioned Officers of the Police.
Street Contractors.
W. R. MITCHELL.
novo_Clerk of OonnclL
^OFFICE OF COUNTY TREASURER,
FIRE-PROOF BUILDING, CHARLESTON, S. a,
NOVEMBER 6m, 1871.-The Boots of the Treasu?
rer of Charleston county will be opened on the
20th day or November, 1871, for the receipt of
TAXES due the State and County for the year
1871.
The penalty of twenty per cent, provided by
law will be added to all Taxes remaining unpaid
on the 16th day of January, 1872.
The rate of taxation for the year 1871 ls aa fol?
lows, viz:
State Tax per centum.7 mina.
County Tax per centum.3 milla.
Poll Tax per capita.$ loo
WM. GURNEY,
nov8-lmo_Treasurer Charleston County.
pa-?. B. SOLOMONS, AL D.,
DENTIST,
Has returned to the city._oct30
pw- SHAVING SALOON.-MR. J. H.
WEIOHMAN will superintend the business lately
conducted by Mr. LOMBARDO, and wm be
pleased to Bee bis friends and the patrons of the
establishment, at the Old stand, in Market street,
where ao pains wul be spared to please.
octl4 _
pw- ON MARRIAGE.
Happy relier for Young Men from the effects
ot Errors and Abases In early life. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility carel. Impediments
to Marriage removed. New method or treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Booka
and Circulars sent free, la sealed envelopes. Ad?
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 Sooth
Ninth street. Philadelphia. Pa._octl*
PW- NOTICE.-A LATE CARD OF W.
S. CORWIN ft CO. having notified the public that
they were ia no way connected with the under
blgned la basin ess, and not responsible for any
use of their name. In order the more effectually
to advertise the same, the undersigned her by
announces that he has had DO bonnets reia-i. ns
wlih the said Arm since Ap*IL 1S70, except of
being their debtor for the; stock thea parch ?ed,
and since paid for. gvERT E. BEDFORD,
octa Successor to W. a. Corwin ft Co.