vwrelgav an Aim
NOON DESPATCHES..
VIOTO?IA'S HEALTH Il?TBOVIH?H^lOnTK
TSV TRI ABS-KELLYS ACQUITTAI.-FIBH
G AB'EXPLOSION-'MARINE DISASTEB. AO.
"tahran*, November 18.-Physiotens
anttorAnoo ViotoTia's health improviog.
Thai Liyonia has arrived. ^AjshbrAf**?*
noaootes his intention of contending
BgaiOf?n Amerioan waters for the Qaeen a
?np. 'i: i.-,
PAMS, November ?3.--Tho ooartamar
tisl are rapidly disposing of tb.e Oom
and 773 sentenced to varions punish?
ments, "flrt'j
Ctannt Keratry has been appointed
Prefect of-Marseilles. v
CORK, November 13.-There pas ap
orderly procession yesterday iu honor ol
Kellys acquittai.
NIGHT DESPATCHES.
PAJSM, ^November 18>V^^"d?fPatch
frdm Genova Bays lArgeAre is.raging.
No partiaularc. <r- fat* H3 m's
LONDON, November 13.-A gas ex plo
sion at Leeds killod two and hurt several.
A ship escort of New York was burned
at Antwerp. ?ft
a mo noa a taieliBcetice.
NOON DESPATCH^.
HIGHWAYMEN CAPTURED--CHICAGO INOEN
DIARIES IN NEW FIELDS-MARINE SISAS
TBR8-HORRIBLE MURDERS-ABATEMENT
OF TBT.TJOW FBfVBB-PRESIDENTIAL COB
REO HON-MORMON ITEMS-PRO OR AM MI
TOB DUKE ALEXIS-SUPREME COURT DB
OIHtON-CHOLERA, AO., AC,
SAN FRANCISCO, November ll.-'Ihre*
highwaymen, named Jones, Hosx un<
Sampson, belonging to a gang who bavi
repeatedly robbed a stage near Clover
dale, in Sanoro County, this 'season
were arrested there yesterday, and threi
other? of the ?hme band will be cap
tured. -jj,.'
Wreckers have snooeeded in saving J
large portion of coal and other cargo o
tho British irou ship stranded in Sai
Bamun.'Bay, 'Lower' CTa|Uojni?. Thej
will probably ?avej.be ship.
The ease of Mrs. Pair wasrbef ore i th
Supreme Court to-day, and urgneci bn
motion for a new trial; on, teohpicn
grounds.
40.?U0 Sheep perished by a recant barn
storm tn Los Angelos County.
A Chilena, named J. Walker, has bee
arrested at Ol? ma, Marina County, fe
murdering his, purtner" named Thomas
Siloas, in order to seen re 860. He Con
polled a woman with whom he lived t
assist him in si uki ug tho body in Colli
nae Bay, and s.b.e revealed jLbe murder.
MADISON, OHIO. November ll.-A vet
eel was sunk Tn the lake, with three me
lashed to the oroas trees. A tog hf
gone to their assistance.
SALT LAKE, November ll.-A party
Mormon missionaries aro going Eas
ward.
J. B. Kimball, of the firm of Wall
Kimball, is dead.
The Emma Mining Company has con
meneed the shipment of enormous quai
tities of ore Eastward.
CHATTANOOGA, November 12. Fii
was discovered this morning, at 1 o'oiocl
issuing from Fisher Bro.'s jewell
store, oorner of Eighth and Mark
streets. It destroyed a block and a bs
of the business portion of the city. Tl
lousia estimated ^at $75,000; insuron
$30,000. The origin of the fire is inoe
diary. The oity was fired in two otb
plaoes, but tbe fires were exticguishe
Fifteen supposed' Chicago desperado
arrived from Memphis last night, a;
susp.oion points TO them ns the iuoent
aries. A large number of persons ha
been arrested for committing robben? i
NORFOLK, November 12.-Two negro
were slightly wounded and a negro y
lioeman killed, last night, near t
Ocean House, in Portsmouth, by a croi
of drunken men from- Norfolk. T
wounded negroes were. quietly passi
Hight street at tho time they were sh
The negro policeman interfered to st
the firing, when lie waa shot throu
the head by some one in the orowd, a
died almost instantly. Several perse
implicated in the shooting have been
rested, and will be brought before I
Mayor for examination.
CHARLESTON, November 12.-Tin
have been no fever deaths for the p
two days. Leading physicians adv
refugees that they may come back, a
large numbera have already return
The City Gonnoil have ordered a day
prayer and thanksgiving on .account
the abatement of the fever. There i
a heavy white frost in Charleston t
morning.
WASHINGTON, November 12.-The c
respondenoe regarding the Horne
progressing slowly. The Spanish
vern mont made a demand.upon the B
tioh Government for the Hornet. Uni
States Minister Basset protested. S
sequently, the crew of the Hornet hoc
the Spanish Consul, whereupon
hauled down his consular flag. M<
time, the Hornet was virtually bioeka
by a Spanish man-of-war.
CHARLESTON, November 12.-Arrive
steamers South Carolina, New Y<
Gulf Stream, Philadelphia;barksDe^
shire, Philadelphia; Ogra, Boston;
tilda Hillard. Boston; Gros vouer,
Stephens, N. S. brig Isabelita, Cie
gos; schooner Henry Allen, Baltimoi
LOUISVILLE, November 12.-The i
vention of steamboat men is memon
ing the Secretary of tbo Treasury f
suspension of the steamboat law, un
revision is had; also, for tho adoptic
the resolution asking tho Governmei
take charge of the Louisville Canal.
NEW YORK, November 12.-The
siau man-of-war whioh arrived left
fleet twenty-seven days ago. The
mander hus reported that tho fleet
be expected at any hour.
CIIIOAOO, November ll.-Forty-s
Counties give Beveridge 11,500 majo
WASHINGTON, November 13.-The
sideut has formally suspended the
of habeas corpus in Union, not in Mi
County, S. C., us stated Saturday n
A Suit Lako special says Brif
-YbratHrai Bi fleorg?, ll U t?wtrV
4tf??|jtttdelegate Hooper is authorized to
BlmV?a at Washington.
?KYfJo?XK, No Tomb er 18.-A bed-rid
?pn woteiau upset a lamp and was burned
to-deatn: TwoT hobloiaes yesterday.
'.Mormon elder Ltndsley, preaching^
^riS??- ??w?. n"AU
MllWipii |BI ^"~T1*7
chosen people, He ia working. A fcW
Soeka ago Chicago was destroyed. This
bot a drop of water to what will soon
happen.: Wo were driven from that
Sfcateyand .God ?aid they should not live
.toe?**.';'' ?J
JiBwn?B?.^Srf T., November 18.
^rMbhhthoD ?f?Closfev con?riredTO? t>er
8004 yeat?Fd?y,
Sx. LrOUiB, November 13.-John P.
Flanagan, jbftving suffered pecuniar-f?
losses, resolved to kill himself und
fam?y and chloroformed them. The
.wife recovered 'rom her etnpor, and dis?
covered her husband driving nails into
the children's he?dn> She disarmed her
husband, bnt the children were dead.
TJOUIBVUIIJH, November 13.-A family
named Parka, consisting of a fut her,
.mother and two-daughters, aged seven?
teen and fifteen, were found murdered
and terribly mutilated. No clue.
A German suicided in front of Trinity
Ohuroh; yesterday, hy muriatic acid.
POTTSVILLE, PA., November 13.
Throe children, hunting coal in au old
pit, were suffocated to death.
HAN FBANOIBOO, November 18.-Capt.
Barker, of the whale ship Japan, wreck?
ed OD. the coast of Gape Siberia, witb
tbe captain and crew of the barkCreollo,
wrecked io Bebriug Sea, in Juue last,
have arrived. They had been given nr.
fur l?st.
8ALT LAKK CITY, November 13.-Ac
counts from Provo report all kiuds ol
outrages, arising from contests ovei
mines. Two witnesses were bud h
beaten, and a superintendent narrow!]
escaped with his life.
The Herald publishes a letter from St
George, which makes no mention o
Brigham Young. Young's movement
heretofore were regularly reported. I
is stated the Mormons coufiued in Cam]
Douglass have applied to the Unitet
States Supremo Court for habeas corpus
Tho hills aud mountains are ooveret
with-snow. Winter is a month earlie
than last year.
NIGHT DESPATCHES.
WASHINGTON, November 13 -Accord
iug to the Kassian official programme
the first visit of tbe Grand Duke Alexi
to Washington will not extend ove
twenty-four hours. It will be morely fo
tue* purpose of paying his respects ti
President Grant and the members of bi
Cabinet, who will, in a body, weloom
bim at the executive mansion. He wil
receive uo visitors during this brief sc
journ, nor receive cards. He will the
return to New York, to accept the bonoi
prepared for him, remaining there sovt
ral days. He will theuoe proceed Wet
and to the Paciiio. The programme c
this journey waa several weeks ago lui
nished by a distinguished gentleman t
Minister Oataoazy. At the latter's r<
quest, the Grand Duke will rotnrn t
Washington duriug the ensuiug sessio
of Congress, to spend, it is contemplatet
about twelve days, when a series of et
tertainments will be tendered bim.
A case is pending before the Su pren
Court here seriously affecting tho recei
proceedingsugaiust the Mormons. Tun
years ago, liquor was destroyed by tl
Mormon authorities. Suit was brong]
aud a verdict rendered against Salt Lui
City. The ground of appeal is that tl
jurors should have been summoned 1
the Territorial insteud of Federal Ms
sbuls. The recent indictments and co
victions were made by jurors summon*
by a Federal Marshal, und a reversal
the pending case will nullify the rece
proceedings in Utah: Meantime, it mi
be stated that the Executive is dote
mined to puih the present policy towa
the Mormons.
Probabilities-Au extensivo area
low pressure will probably develop frc
Mississippi to Michigan, udvunci
North-eastward over tho lower lukes
Tuesday night, followed to-nigbt
brisk North and West winds South a
West of Illinois; threatening weat lu
with raiu, will extend very generally
Tuesday along the At lan tin coast, wi
fulling barometer aud Nortb-wost wini
veering to the South-east; increasi
Southerly winds ou the lower ?uk
brisk North-westerly winds on Lu
Miabigan and on the Louisiana con
Cautionary Bignall! are ordered for t
evening for New Orleans, Mobile, A
waukee and Chicago.
The Supremo Court, in the case
Avery, of Tennessee, against the Uui
Stutes, hold that where judgment 1
buen recovered by the Govern m
against a surety on an offioial bond,
judgment will not be opened and
party allowed to have it satisfied out
prooeeds of rents of captured prope
belonging to bim, iu a caso where
party bad opportunity to ascertain
fore the trial the faot that the Gove
mont had snell prooeeds in the Treaaii
also, that the writ of audit? quesella c
cot be sued against the Government.
Belkoup bas dismissed another cn
from Wost Point, for hazing.
BAIJTIMOIIE, November 13.-A cole
mau who Bued for 82,500 damages,
ejectment from a street car, was awar
hf ty dollars by a F?deral jury. In
sequence of this verdict, negroes are
muted to the cars on all rho city roi
CLEVELAND, OIJIO, November 13.-
schooner Julietta foundered oil' M
son. Tho cook only escaped.
HUDSON, N. Y., November 13.
trouble regarding St. Mary's Ch ure
over. Father Wolworth preached to
largest congregation ever assumblei
the church. Tho investigation reg
mg the recent trouble is progressing
NEW OllLEANS, November 13.-Li
Tyler, colored, hanged herself in
parish prison. Louisa Hudson, cole
wus murdered by her former husb
oolored, on Letenye plantation.
The cotton exchange formally o
its new apartments, to-day, at the cc
of Theatre Alley aud Grarieu street.
The operatio sesso?^ar?s inaugurated
thia evafj?s^qm?U 90tl?1ff8
NEW YORK, November 18.- Alexia h
not yet signalled.
pended.
^."aerai spojfas HVt?.TO? xM tut?
Wabash, to-day. ?j -r;
Some thirty oases of cholera on tho
?teamer Franklin, at" qoarantl??, vere
to-day transferred to the hospital ship.
It ia officially stated the Franklin, bas
forty ?oases. Twenty-eight deaths occur?
red daring the passage. Nearly every
one aboard is more or'Tsss affected. Fur?
ther deatbsare probable.
Henry O. Cooper, a naval olerk, is
held in $3,000 bail, for plaoing a can?
celled stamp on the ship's manifest.
A nolle pros, will bo entered in the case
of the Cuban General Jordan, unless the
Government ia ready to proceed early tb
December.
Financial and Commercial.
COLUMBIA, 8. O., November 13.-Sales
of cotton, to-day, 50 bales-middling
16%o.
NEW YORK, November 12.-The cotton
movement is the largest for the season
in receipts, and in exports larger than
last week, but not np to the correspond?
ing week of 1870. Receipts at all ports
for the week 105.400 bales. agaiuBt
90,708 last week, 03,969 tho previous
week, and 82,538 three weeks since.
Total receipts since September 365,195
bales, against 678,556 for the same
period of the previous year, showing a
decrease since September 1, this year, of
113,361. Exports from all ports for the
week 41,157 bales, against 52,280 for the
same week lust year. Totui experts for
the expired portion of the cotton year
230,850 balea, against 281,106 for thu
sumo time last year. Stock?t all ports
997,186 bales, against 315,723 for the
Burne time hist year. Stock at interior
towns 60,776 bules, against 52,070 ?uaie
time lust, year. Stuck at Liverpool
407,000 bales, against 438,000 last year.
American oottou afloat for Great Britain
83,000 bales, against 133.000 last year.
Indian cotton afloat for Europe 3S?.436
bales, against 204,446 last your. The
weather South has been raiuy during the
week in many sections, although not so
much so us last week. Scarcely any
mention is -mada of frost. The crop is
being gathered rapidly.
LONDON, November 13-Noon.-Cou
sols 98%. Bonds 91%.
FRANKFORT, November 13.-Boud<|
96%.
PARIS, November 13.-Rentes 57f. 2c.
LIVERPOOL, November 13-3 P. M.-I
Cotton opened quiot and steady, and
now bas an upward tendenoy-uplands
9%@9%; Orleans 9%; sales 15,000 baleB;
speculation 3,000.
LONDON, November 13-Evening.
Consols 93%. Bonds 91
LIVERPOOL. November 13-Evening.
Cotton closed strong-uplands 9%@9%; I
Orleans 9%.
NEW YORE, November 13-Noon.-I
Sales of futures, Saturday evening,
5,100 bales, as follows: December I?1?,
18%, 18 9-32, 18 5-16, 18l?; January
18%, 18 7-16; February 18%, 18 11-16,
18%; April 19%, 19%. Stocks steady
aud quiot. Governments dull but steady.
Stuto bonds steady. Teunessees, Mis?
souris and new South Carolinus strung.
Money firm, at 5. Gold heavy, ut 11%.
Exchange-long 8%; short 9%. Flour)
quiet und unchanged. Wheat quiet and
brm. Corn dull and unchanged. Pork
steady, ot 13.05@13 20. Lard dull.
Cotton quiet but strong-uplands 18)?;
Orleans 19%; sales 3,000 bules, includ?
ing 2,700 Saturday evening. Freights
steady.
7 1*. M.-Money easy, at 5@6. Ster?
ling dull, at 8%. Gold heavy, ut lljtf
(cull%. Governments firm and Bteady
62s 11%. States weakened on last call
on Teunessees, South Carolinas and con?
solidated Virginias. Tenuesso.es G6J?;
new 66%. Virginias 59%; new 60)?.
Louisiiiuus 67; now 5G; levees GO; 8s 7b'.
Alabamas 98%; 5s 65. Georgias 80;
90. North Carolinas 37%; now 19.
South Ouroliuns71%; now 34%. Cottou
firm; sales 4,730 bales-npiands 18J.<;
Orleans 19%. Southern flour dull and
drooping; common to fair extra G.80(u)
7.50; good to choice 7.55($9.25. Whis?
key decidedly firmer, nt92%@93. Wheat
closed dull; advance lost-winter red
Western 1.57@1.60. Corn closed strong?
er-in store 78; afloat 81. Rico firm, ut
8(Vz)8%. Pork steady. Beef dull. Lard
quiet-Lottie 10. Freights unchanged.
Sales of futures to-day 5,400 bales, ns
follows: November 18 3-16(a)18%; De?
cember 18%?18 7-16; January 18%@
18 9-16; February 18%?18 13-16; March
19; April 19%; May 19%.
CINCINNATI, Novembor 13. -Flour
steady. Corn drooping-now 45; old
52. Pork quiet and unchanged; small
sales at 12.75@13.00. Lard unchanged.
Bacon quiet und unchanged-Shoulders
7%; sides 7%@7%. Whiskey 88.
LtouisvrLLE, November 13.-Bagging
easier, but not qnotably lower. Flour
and com quiet. Provisions steady.
NORFOLK, November 13.-Cottua firm
-low middling 17%; receipts 2,426
bales; sales 300; stock 8,919.
SAVANNAH, November 13.-Cotton
firm and in fair demand-middling 1"\(?>
17%; receipts 4,894 bales; sales 1,400;
stock 50,001.
BOSTON, November 13.-Cotton in fair
demand aud steady-middling 19; re?
ceipts 805 halos; sides 400; stock 6,500.
CHARLESTON, November 13-Cotton
firm-middling 17%; receipts 2,286
bules; sales 500; stock 24,620.
NKW ORLEANS, November 13.-Flour
finn-superfine 6.25; double 7.00@7.12;
treble 7.25@7.50. Corn ?pilot-mixed
72@75; white 85. Pork dull-mess held
at 15 50. Baoou8%@8%. Larddull
tierce 10(?)10%; keg ll(c$ll%. Sugar
easier-cninuiou 7; good common SC??
8%; good to fair 9%@9%; tally fair
10%. Molasses-inferior 30f?35; com?
inan 40@42; fair to prime 44(ti;49; prime
to choice 50@52. Whiskey 95@1.05.
Coffee heavy-fair 18%(ajl8%; good
?18%@19%; primo 19%(d)20. Colton
/MOPTM? November 18.-Cotton in
good demand-middling 17%; receipt?
2,870 balew; nales 1,000; atook 27,880.
AUGUSTA, November 18.-Cotton quiet
-middling JL7Jfj?17#; receiptB 900
baloo; oa??a 7VU,
BALTIMORE, November 13.-Flour
quiet and unchanged. Wheat firm
amber 1.75@1.82; Ohio and Indiana
1.58(2)1.60; Pennsylvania 1.63 1.05.
Cora aotive-new white 70@78; yellow
68 68%. Provisions unchanged in
every respect. Whiskey firmer, nt 93@
93\?. Cotton in fair demand-middling
18>?@18.%; receipts 718 bales; sales 895;
otook 5,321.
WILMINGTON, November 13.-Cotton
quiet-middling 17>?; receipts 577 bales;
stock 3,404.
PHILADELPHIA, November 18.-Cotton
qulot-middling 18>?@18^.
SOUTH CAROLINA BONDS TN NEW YORK.
?The Journal of Commer?a, of Wednesday,
the 8th instant, in its review of the
j money market, says: "A bond-holder
who writes us from the city of Philadel?
phia to inquire about South Carolina
State bonds, which he bought at sixty,
ia informed that we can give him no very
definite ioformation concerning them.
The new regime in that State have evi?
dently manipulated these securities, and
j the popular impression is that this was
j done for their own personal advantage.
Whether there bas been any illegal over?
issue or not, we can cot say; bat there
seems to have been a very large supply
offered. Previous to the tire at Chicago
considerable loans were effected here on
these securities, und when tho pressure
was felt, which grow, in part, out of that
calamity, the bouda were thrown upon
the market. The Stock Exchange, we
believe, has bad iu contemplation some
investigation of the exteut and character
of these issues, and it strikes UH that
they cannot bu too quick about it. At
present tho situation is uncertain, and
wo hove no advice to give If the State
over emerges from Federal contrul, and
its responsible citizens aro allowed to
manage its fiscal concerns, aud to eman?
cipate themselves from the milo of carpet?
baggers und their ignorant, deluded fol?
lowers, it is probable that the credit of
tho State will come to rest on a better
basis thau at presuut."
The Evening Post, of the sumo date,
says: "Southern Stute bonds at tho first
board were firm on Missouris, Teunes
seos and Virginias, aud weuk ou new
South Carolinas. Tho credit of tho lust
named State is clouded by tho charges
of over-issue ara corruption in the
management of thu State affairs. If
these charges are incorrect, the State
officials, now in the city, should make a
clear denial. Unless they do so, the fair
iufereooe will be that they are more or
less true."
WOMEN VOTING IN NSW YOKE:.-The
case of Mrs. Margaret M. Miller, who
exercised tbe right of suffrage in New
York during tbe receut election in tbut
city, has been mentioned by telegraph.
The incident created no sensation. The
ballot was pleasantly accepted und drop?
ped into the box.
A different scene was enacted in the
Twenty-first Ward, where u carriage
drove up to the polling place, aud the
female brokers, Woodhull Sc Chifitu, ac?
companied by their counsel, -I migo Etoy
mert, alighted. They pushed for the
wiudow, when a policeman gruffly order?
ed them to take their place iu line. The
gallantry of the voters overruled bim,
however, and the "ladies" were hustled
to tho wiudow. They tendered ballots,
which were rejected, aud au animated
colloquy ensued. They wein mudo to
stand aside while the Judge sent for his
law books, aud thu voting proceeded
briskly. Tho books came, tho Judge
rend some law, aud tho trio were ngutu
told to stund aside. "Mrs. Woodhull's
indignation was scarcely controllable."
Other females presented themselves ut
several of the voting precincts and de?
manded the right of voting. They,
however, were mude to .stand aside, as iu
the case of Woodhull Clulliu.
The public schools iu Virginia, 3,000
iu number, ure principally attended by
colored children. Thc school bouses ur?
owned by tho whites, who also pay the
tuxes^tekeducating 100,000 colored pu
p i la .?>'3T?'t! o m m e n 11 n g ou the above facts,
the Richmond Enquirer says: "Wo ure
the warm friends of the system, and
want to BOC our colored population in?
structed und elevated aud improved in
every way."
A NOVEL LAW SUIT.-Mr. Suyler, of
Vermont, bus brought suit against Mr.
Pugo, his neighbor, for giviug his family
the small-pox. -The Louisville Courier
Journal ia of opiuion that Page might
make a good thing of it by bringing suit
against Sayler's family for tailing the
small-pox from bim without bis permis?
sion.
OFFICIAL RAFFLE NUMIIKIISCharleston Chari?
table Association, for bene tit Free Behool fund:
ItAFVLE CLASH No. 201 -Morning, ?Voe? inlier Hi
54-G0-(Kl-37-71-C5 ?-47-31-32-45-23
Witness my hand at Columbia, this hit h day
of November, 1871. FENN PECK,
Nov ll Sworn Commissioner.
M AM* FACT nu NO ENTKHIUUSK IX CHAni.ES
Tos -Charleston is io.-t becmniug a manu?
facturing as well as a commercial city. -Tho
largest, manufactory ?d' doors, sashes, blinds.
Ac, in tho Soulhcr?i Stat- B is that nf Mr. P.
I*. TOA LE, on lindbecks Wharf, in that city,
sah--? rooms at No. 'JD llayne street. Mr.
I'OALR'S advertisement appears in anothur
column. Nov 2}

HAVE YOI NKVKU HKAIID OK IT?--Then in?
quire at ono? at vom gioeui'a hu UOOLEV
UiiKMioAL YEAST IUKIXO POWUKH, the only
strictly pure and harmless Making Powder in
market, fruin which Rood, sweet, palatable
biscuits, rolls, cakes, or pastry can ho made
uniformly with the. same success. This arti?
cle bas been steadily increasing in demand
and public favor, ami stands to-day the mot
reliable Daking Powder in nae. A*k your
grocer for OooLKf's Y KA HT Po wo EU. and your
i testimony to its practical worth will he added
to thousands of others. Nov 14 Jil
I Two riw retic^uuges maw?Dg
Chicago for the cli?tfpl?nshlp. Ooo
bes secured a piece of the fatal lamp,
and the other ie ready to pay anv amount
for a weil-aothentioated piece of the cow.
"Basie, darling," said a mother to her
little daughter of fite* Bummers, "what
would jpn da without your j mamma?"
I'd put on jost sa?n a dza&t ss I pleaser}
every day," waa tbe affectionate reply.
I Y. H. C. A.
THE regular mont JJ ly meeting of tbe Young
Men'a Ohrietlan Association will be held,
THIS EVENING, at ballast 7 o'clock. In
their Reading Room. A full attendance ie
especially desired, J
li. FRANS H AULDEN.
?lov 14 1_Reoordiog Secretary.
Canary Birds,
--o-. 600 CANARY BIBDb. direct from Oer
J?Wnrnauy, which will bo sold cheap for each.
imt C. BRILL,
Nov 14 3? ?j Washington street.
Wanted to Hire,
COTTON sad GRAIN PLANTATION
J\. with moles on it, for two or three years,
hy an experienced planter. Apply by letter
to tl. P., PHONIX office, Colombia.
Nov 14 t??
$dr Union Times, Laurensville Herald and
Newborry Herald oopy twice and send bille
noil copy of p*?>p*?r to thi* offlofl.
NEWS DEPOT.
T HAV?open?! s- NF.WH ?.nd PERIODICAL
JL DEPOT at tao etand formerly occupied by
Alonzo Reeso, and will supply my customers
with anything they may wish in mv Hue.
Give mo a oall. N. O. GIBBON.
Nov 14_G_
^MAPly/V^v Burns Club.
^NX\ The regular quarterly
O 7 \??Ai\o\ meeting ot thia Club
?s I HM)M\JkY91 mi will bo held at Mc
ui \^^T<3r5^/,'n/ Kenzie'e Haloon. THIS
S?LV^**^J Si KVENINO. at 8 ..'clock.
\a^ffJ^^>/ W. K. GREENFIELD,
^OflLa?^^^ Secretary.
??yj*35 Nov 14 1
To the Ladies.
THK PRIZE MEDAL waa'
?gkffr\ awarded to Mr?. C E. REED,
MK\ lin Mani streut, Columbia, for the
>HP\\A\ neat HATS at tho Fair of the
^g-AllMl South Carolina Airrioultural and
^?tjR?sEiv M> chanical Bocietv. She also baa
^WNd full supplv of BONNETS, HatB.
Ribbone, Flowers, Hair. Furs, Cloaks, and
everything usually kepr. in a first CIMSB Milli?
nery" Establishment. Tho Ladies of Colum?
bia und ela? wti. ro will please call and seo for
themselves. Orders solicited. Pricea re?
duced Nov 14
Sixty-five First Priza Medals Awarded.
KBSEMjBgS^ta 71111: GREAT
lrl^^l* Southern Piano
WM. KNABE CO.
Manufacturero of
Grand, Square and Upright
PIANO FORTES,
BALTIMORE, HD.
HMHESE inntrunients have been before the
J. public for nearly thirty yearn, and upou
their excellence alone attained an unpur
:.'uised pre-eminence, which pronounce? them
um <pi ii i <1 in
rONB,
TOUCH,
WORKMANSHIP,
AND DURABILITY.
All our Square Pianos havo our new Ini
proved Overelruug Svalo and tho Agruflo Tre
ulo.
Wo would call special attention to our late
Patented Improvements in Grand Piano? and
.quare Grands, found in no other Piano,
wtdch bring the Piano nearer perfection IIIHU
lias vet buen attained.
I'.vr.liY I'l A NO FOLIA WAHRANTEU FOR FIVE 7 BABS.
We ar.!, by special arrangement, enabled to
ruridbh PARLOR O ROANS andMKLODKONS
if tho mist celebrated makers, wholesale and
ret Mil. at lowe.it factory prices.
Illustrated Catalogues and Price Li?ts
l>romptly furnished on application to
WM KN AUB it CO., Biliiin,ire. Md
Or any of our regular established agencies.
Nov ll ?TGiiio
D
Room for All!
>N"f leave the city before yon call at
C. P. JACKSON'S
Div Goods Establishment and get some of j
his many good
BARGAINS.'
Look to your interest. Main "treot, next to I
agnew Jr.Son. _ _ Novo I
Notice.
OFFICE TREASURER RICH LAND COUNTY,
COLUMBIA, October 20,1S71.
rilli E books of the Treasurer ot Richland
X Counlv will bo opened on the 2Uthdavof|
NOVEMBER, 1871, f?r the receipt of taxes j
duo the State and County for tho year 1871.
The penalty of twenty per cent., provided
hy law, will bo added to all tuxes remaining
unpaid on tho lot li day of January, 1872.
The rato of taxation for the year 1S71 is as
follows, viv.:
Istnto tax per coutum. 7 mills.
County tax per ccu tum. mills.
Poll tax per capita.11.00
C. H. BALDWIN,
Oct 21 {13 Treasurer Richland County.
THE SOUTH
LWII il)
FOR THF PROMOTION OF
BUTLER, CHADWICK
CHARLES.
A K tr. lt I K S O
Will l.o given mulei
SM!? CAROLINA STATE ACRHTL1
AT THE ACADEMY OF .1/.
(COMMENCING Januar} 8. 1*72 at winch In
tu Ticket Holders <d tb. ernie
ACADEMY OF MUSIC BUILD
And 0 aril io vai "Mir. n I
2,405 Gifts, Estim
150 OHO SEASON TICKER o.
All orders striutl) eoulldeiilial For reten i
Tho Dra.? in? of thin Great Mont lu rn 1 nt? rp
of the following well known Gentlemen:
Gen. A. li. Wit IO M I', <?f Georgia.
Gen BRADLEY F JOHNSON, ol Virginia
Kennttance can be made ns, un tue I lek'
HU li.i R, CHAO
GB? M. C. RU I LEK. JOHN CI
Tickets can be procured of D GAMURILL A
HOBBING, 14?| instant, nt 10 o'clock, I
r rwlir?lhWr?Tafiyitore:
BACON SHOULDERS, i*'
Lei' Lard.""
Pickled Pork. ia01 j
Hod? Crackers, Ac.
A varie ty o? Household FURNITURE, Cook?
ing StoveB, Bafea, Ac.
A.L80,
On account of shipper, Ofty sacks COHN,
slightly damaged.
Sale withourrsBPrvs._Nov 14
100 Or atea Assorted Crockery, on Account of
Underwriters and oil Concerned.
BY JOHN 0. MILK OE CO.
On THURSDAY. 16tb instant, at half-past 10
o'clock, will bo sold at the Store, No. 7
Hayna street, 106 CRATES CROCKERY,
consisting of:
C. O. PITCHERS, Tea Oops and Saucer?, O.
C. No. 1 Muffin Plates, Chambers, Nappers,
Dishes, Bakers. Ac.
Damaged on board schooner Marion, on her
voyage fruin Liverpool io ihio port, ana ?oi?
on account of the underwriter? and all con?
cerned.
CONDITIONS.-Cash on delivery, and to be
removed immediately after sale. Nov 14
Referee's Sale.
Henry v.T. Dixon, Admleistrator, dc bonis non
of Wright Denley, vs. Henry Caugbman, et
uxetoX.
f"N pursuance of tho decretal order, signed
JL by his Honor Judge S. w. Melton, on tbe
271 h October, I will sell, before the Court
Uonee, in Columbia, on the first MONDAY in
I December, that well-known and valuable
PLANTATION, formerly owned by Wright
Denley, deceased, known aa Greenfield. This
plantation comprises about 1,500 acres, lying
ou tho Bluff Road, about ten miles below Oe
I lumbia, and adjoins landa of Col. Themas
j Davis. On it ia larga mill, with ample water
i power; out-houses, buildings, gin, screw.
Tho Tract will be sub-divided to suit pur?
chasers, and plats thereof exhibited on day of'
aa c, or before, upon application to the under
I signed, at his office in Columbia.
siao.
Also, 196 acres of LAND, more or less, 7
miles from Columbia, bounded by lands of
Edward Percival.
Aleo, 30 acres of LAND, more or less, 9
miles from Colombia, on the"South Carolina
ilailrnad, bounded by lauds of Mre. Yates
and ?libers.
I'KUMS or SALE-One fourth cash; balance
iti one, two and threeyears; interest annually
secured by hood and mortgage; purchaser to
pay for necessary papers.
The cutir? property of Wright Denley will
be sold, except the homestead exemption, j]
D. B. DaSAUSBORB, 3
_Nov_2 t _Special Referee.
Notice- -In Bankruptcy.
In the District Coun of the United States.for
Itu: District of ?South Carolina.
At Columbia, the 29th of October, A. D. 1871.
rilliR undersigned hereby gives notioe of
l his appointment as Assign?e of FREDER?
ICK SOHLEGEliMILCH, of Lexington Coun?
ty, and State of South Carolina, within the
said District, who bas been declared a Bank?
rupt ou his own petition by the District Court
of the said District.
THOMAS J. LAMOTTE,
Oct 31 tag_Assign?e.
i. U. H. L KINARDS'
GRAND OPENING
FOR FAIR WEEK.
This old and established house ie still in
existence, and prepared now, as in days gone
hy, to supply their patrons with everything
desirable in the
DRY GOODS LINE.
We have a most complete and varied assort?
ment in every Dcpartiueut, the entire Stock
being selected with especial care to the re
quircmenta of this market. Wo wonld say to
our country friends in particular, that they
cannot do better than hy giviug us a call.
We guarantee to supply every reasonable
want iu tb? Dry Goods line, and at prices that
defy competition.
J. H. A M. L. KINARD,
Nov 7 Ons door South Columbia Hotel.
Just Received,
ar&jL A LARGE stock of fashionable
1BJBHSSu?ht CARRIAGES. Prices low, at
W. K. GREENFIELD'S
Carriage Repository, corner Assembly and
Ladv streets. No
J. MEIGHAN,
Successor to
G. M. THOMPSON Ai CO.,
HAS on hand the
T^BN. largest, moat fash
i-/^ louable, stylish, du
^Sfesinble aud cheapest'
stock ot tioOTS and SHOES in the State. All
warranted.
ALSO,
A completo assortment of Gent's, Bovs' and
Childi en's HATS aud CAPS. Nov 5 3mo
CAROLINA
HW ASSOCIATION,
IM JU HATTON TO THE SOUTH,
GARY CO., Agents,
\TON, S. C.
V i O N t K ll T fl
the auspices of tho
I HAL AMI MKt I1AMCAL SOCIETY,
USIC. CHA RL ESTO N, S. C.,
awuigs wid take place and distributions mudo
IXO AT C1IAULKS10N, S. C.,
inonu's, milking in all
ated at $500,000.
F .1 DMls ^JitX. AT ta EACH.
lei f unit lull particulars i-cnd fur Circulars.
rise will bo eoiiilnctvd undi r tho supervision
Col. I) H. hUTI.EDtiE, or South Cand?na.
Hon ROGER A PhYOR. or New York.
t will be seul hv return mail bv
WK K, O VR? CO., C tiuricfton. C.
ilALiWU K Gas. M. W. GARY
CO., Columbia, S. C. Nov U