Staunton Sjjertator-
Pay your subscriptions in advance, and make
fifty per cent, on your investment.
See advertisement of Kinney Bros' New tobac
co and cigar store. Go and see them.

All the pretty girls will be in attendance upon
the -'Augusta County Fair."
a
You will see your friend? and have a fine time
at tho i4 Augusta County Fair."
_-,««
Make the best exhibition you can of articles
or stock at the "Augusta County Fair" next
week.
Messrs. J. H. Otey Cary Co., Lewisburg,
Greenbrier county, W. Va., advertise for a
harness-maker.
We call attention to the change in the day of
f»ia of Mr. Jas. W. Hudson's property, from the
7th oi .November to the 9th.

Don't fail .to attend the "Augusta Co. Fair"
next week, on Tuesday,' Wednesday and Thurs
day, the 17th, 18lh and l'.Hh.
Attend the "Augusta County Fair' next week,
on the 17th, 18lh aud 19th inst., and bring all the
family.
V, Howe Peyton, Esq., has located at Culpe
per Co_rt-house, and is a candidate for practice
jn the Circuit and County Courts of Culpeper
and adjoining counties.
Rev. Geo. G. Brooke, Sunday School agent of
the Baltimore Conference M. E. Church South,
will preach and address tlie Sunday School, on
next Sunday, at the Methodist Church in this
place, of which he was formerly the pastor.
The House and lot on the street leading to the
Fair Grounds occupied by D. C. McGuffin, Esq.,
was sold on Thursday at public sale for the sum
of $J, 100 payable in one, two and three years
with interest from date of sale. It was purchas
ed by D. C. McGuffin, Esq.
Rev. Walter W. Williams, D. D-, has accept
ed a call to the rectorship of Trinity Church
(Episcopal) of Staunton recently made vacant by
the removal of Rev. James A- Lataneto Wheel
ing, W. Va.
Dr. Williams is a native of Virginia, and has
a line reputation both as p 6tor and preacher.
_♦-.
Don't fail to attend the Township and Ward
elections on next Saturday, that you may do
your part in selecting proper delegates to repre
sent you in the County Convention. Select good
and reliable paen whom you cur: trust to repre
,-e'ii you fairly in the convention. The character
of the nominee* wiil depend'upon the character
of the delegates who siia! 1 be ejected on that d ay.
'•Ahithopi.el Smith" ami J.-remiah Sneak"'
(this is a bad Dame) who publish eird.- this week
announcing themselves as candidates for the
Legislature, go a b.>w-shot beyond Dr Puliin-
It is fortunate for 'he Dr. that be is not a candi
date in tnis county, for iben he would have to
"mend his huid,'' if he wished to get any ad
vantage of Ahithophel and Jeremiah on the
question of repudiation.

Lot purchased.— Mr I. Witz and Capt. C.
E. Holt have purchased from Wm. J. Nelson
and Rob't. J. Glendy, lor the sum of $7,500, a
lot on the East side of the creek at the bridge on
Main street, fronting 38 feet on Main street, and
running back 160 feet, together witn the water
power, and tbe machinery of the mill. It is tbe
purpose of the purchasers to build upon this lot
a merchant mill. This will be a valuable im
provement.
From Highlan_.--W W. Fleming, Esq., one
of the candidates for the Legislature, addressed
the citizens of Highland on Monday the 2nd
inst., in his usual forcible manner. A meeting
of many citizens was held on Monday last
night, and a committee was appointed for the
purpose of procuring subscriptions for tho erec
tion of a female seminary in Monterey. The
matter was put in the hands of spirited men, and
we have no doubt they will succeed. Good iron
ore has been discovered near Monterey.

Col. Edmund Pendleton has been nominated
for re-election to the Senate from the Roanoke
District.
Mr. Chas. M. Webber, publisher of the Roan
oke Times, and the printer who claims to have
"set up" 5,800 ems of solid bourgois type in three
hours, is also announced as a candidate for the
same office.
So fast a compositor should stick to his "com
posing stick." and not throw his talents and
usefulness away in such a body as the Senate.
"Ne sutor ultra c^epidam"

Promoted. —Mr. Joseph E. Rollins, son of
Capt. E. E. Rollins, of Fredericksburg, has been
promoted to chief book-keeper of the National
Bank of the Valley at Staunton, with a salary of
Si 200. Mr Rollins has also just been elected
Treasurer of the Augusta County Agricultural
Society, which increases his annual income. It
affords us much gratification thus to see one of
the worthiest o« the young men Fredericksburg
has sent abroad so rapidly fulfilling the promise
he gave in youth. A Host of Iriends here will
join us in wishing him still further promotion in
the home of his adoption.— Fredericksburg News.
If there be any more of the same sort left in the
"Old Burg" they should come to this place
where their merits will be appreciated and their
services duly rewarded. Mr. Rollins deserves
the handsome compliment embraced in the above
notice of him by tho News of his native town.
Remember.—The Ladies of Staunton are earn
estly at work, as we mentioned in our last issue,
for the benefit of our So,diets' Cemetery, which
is sadiy needing improvement. Tney propose
devoting the proceeds oftheir refreshment tables
at the County Fair t- this patriotic purpose, and
they respectfully -olu-it our readers in the coun
ty to aid them bj furnishing them liberally with
eatables for the occasion, This matter appeals
so sir,, gy t good feelings '.f every living
bi-ing among us, that we hope the mere mention
of the purpi s which the ladies have in view will
suffice to induce everj oim t» oear a pari in pay
inn tins long delayed tribute to our lamented
dead.
All contributions of provisions may be left >vith
Mr-. N K. Trout, Mr-. 1). A. Kayser, or Mrs.
D. C McGuffin, who will >cc tnat they are dis
posed to the best advantage.
_#..
MEETING OF THE COfi SLEVATIVE
COMMITTEE.
In pursuance of the cail of the County and
City Superintendent, the Conservative Commit
tee for the County and City of Staunton, met in
the Court-house on last Saturday, and fixed
Saturday next, the 14th, as the time for holding
tbe Township and Ward meetings to elect dele
gates to the County Convention, and appointed
Monday, the li'dh, as the day for the meetings of
the county convention to nominate candidates
for the Senate and House of Delegates.
We hope the voters will attend the meeting to
be hold next Saturday, and will elect good men
as delegates to the convention.
The following are the proceedings of the meet
ing of the Committee:
The Committee of the Conservative Organiza
tion ior Augusta county met at the Court-house
on Saturday the ,th of October, pursuant to the
call of the Superintendent. On motion,
Maj Wm. M. lata was called to the chair and
James Bumgardner, Jr., appointed Secretary
On motion the time for holding the Town-hip
and ard Meetings for appointment of Dele
gates to tne county convention, was fixed for
Saturday, the 14tli day of October, and the coun
ty Convention for the nomination of candidates
for tbe Senate and House of Delegates was ap
pointed to be held on Monday, the loth day of
October, lbd
The following were the times and places ap
pointed or tne rownship and Ward Meetings to
appoint Delegates to the county Convention
Day of Township and Ward Meeting Satur
day, October 14th. 1871
S. Kiver Township, Waynesboro,' 2 o'cik p m
Eiverheads Greenville, 1 o'cl'k, p. m
Pastures Churchville, 12 o'cl'k,' m
Middle River, New Hope, 2 o'cl'k, p. m
Beverly Manor, Peace's Mills, 11 o'cl'k, a.m
North River, Ml Solon, 2 o'cl'k, p. m.
"Ward No. 1, Court-house, 7i o'ci'k, p. m.
AVard No. 2, Towh Hall, 8 o'cl'k, p. m.
WM M. TATE, President.
James Rumgaruner, Jr., Sec.
Capture of a horse-thikf.—On Sunday
morning last, at the residence of Mr Jas Cross,
near Lebanon in this county, Robert Mosby was
captured by Alex. T R«g nolds, of Highland
county, in possession of a horse of Mr. Kin
caid. which was stolen at Alleghany Station, on
the Ches. Ohio Railroad, on Saturday last.—
On yesterday, he was committed to jail by Jus
tice D. Henkel to answer an indictment at the
November term of the County Court of the coun
ty. He says his name is Robert Mosby, and
claims to be from Stafford county, Va.
THE AUGUSTA COUNTY FAIR.
Tournament aud Coronation.
Tliursday October 19th, 1871.
The Grand Tournament will open on the Fair
Grounds, at 1 o'clock P. M. Tho Tilting will
commence at 2 o'clock—sharp. Tho Coronation
ceremonies in the Rotunda at 8 o'clock P. M.,
precisely.
The Knights will appear in costume. The
number from Augusta will bo limited to twenty,
and.Knights from abroad, not exceeding twenty,
are challenged to join in the Tilt. Besides the
privilege of selecting tin Queen of Love and
Beauty, it is proposed to bestow upon the suc
cessful Knight, the premium saddle as a gift for
himself, and the premium side-saddle as a Coro
nation gift for his Queen.
The Charge to the Knights, and Address to
the Queen, and Response, will be delivered by
some suitable persons.
JUDGES OF THE TOURXAMKXT.
N. X Trout, Sam'l 1$ Finley, Col. Chas. T.
O'Ferrall, Sam'l H. Bell, Wm. B. Gallaher,
Col. J. D. H. Ross.
Chief Marshal —Capt. Lewis Harman.
Knights can enroll themselves with the Chief
Marshal and with the Chief Manager, Col. Jas.
H Skinner, any time before 2 o'clock Wednes
day, when a final meeting of all the Knights will
assemble to adopt rules and terms of entrance-
Mansgers.—Col. Jas. H. Skinner, in Chief
Hon. Jno. B. Baldwin, ex officio, (as President;]
Wm. A- Pratt, ex ojjieip; Gen. Jno Echols,
Hon. Hugh W. Sheffey, Col, A. W. Harman,
Maj. H. M. Bell. Mr. C. Haile, Col. J. D. Lilly,
Capt Tbog. D. Ran son, Capt. Chas. Grattan,
Cha<=. S. Roller, Esq., Oapfe M. W. D Hogs
head, Col. J. Mar.-biill McGuc, Cheslev Kenney,
Esq.
Executive Committee. —Capt. Chas. D. Mc-
Coy, Hugo _T. Powell, Esq., Wm. B, McChes
ney. Esq., J. Fred.. Effinger, Esq., Meade F.
White, Esq., to have direction of Police and de
tail arrangements.
Lady Patronesses.—Mistresses Geo. E. Price,
Lewis Harman, John N. Opie, Wm. W. Dona
ghe, Arch Christian. W B. Gallaher, P. B
Hogshead, John B. Baldwin, P H. Trout, E
W. Bailey. m Frazier, J. Marshall McCue,
Wm A. Pratt, Thos. D. Hanson.
O ronatjen ceremonies will commence at 8
P 51. Knights and their ladies In poetuma.
Attiring rootps and attendants will be provided
near the Hall. Arrangements securing nertect
older have been made, and will he rigidly en
forced. Doors open at 7 o'clock P. ML
Ex. Committee.
For the Spectator.
The Conservative voters of Ward No. 2 will
meet at the town hall on Saturday next, the 14th
inst., at 8 o'clock. P ML for the purpose of ap
pointing delegates to the County C'livention, to
be held at the Court-house, on Monday, the 16th
t.> nominate candidates for tneSena-e and House
of Delegate!*. Chiefs of fifties w?H see that
every voter in the ward has an opportunity to
join the organisation, as no "tie wili be allowed
to participate m the meeting who i* not. enroll
ed W. A. Bukke, Sup't Ward No, 2.
Town papers please copy.
Oct dier 7th, 1871.
Mr. EDi'iOt—Among tiie many calls for rep
repsentatives in the next Legislature, alloy, us
to present to the people Maj. M. Hanger, our
former honest and faithful representative
Maj. Hanger is an honest faithful, talented,
high-toned gentleman, and we have heard no
complaint of his course. Having had experi
ence and weight in the house, which we judge
from his being called to tiie chair so frequentiv
in the absence of the Speaker. No time in our
history demands tho presence of such a man
more than now, and we hope Major Hanger will
consent to serve us again Many Voters.
Arrok Hill, Oct. G, 1871.
Allow us, Mr. Editor. to present the name ol
A. A. McPheeters to the Convention which will
shortly meet, to represent us in the next House
of Delegates, as a suitable person from the up
per end of the county.
Mr. McPheeters is a plain, unassuming, hon
est, intelligent farmer, and in our late struggle
he was at his post —did not substitute and shirk
as many did, (and when ended, to petition his
disabilities to be removed to seek office) but
when duty called him be went to the front in de
fence of his home and friends, of the women
and children, and conducted himself in such a
way as to merit the praise of his gallant com
mander. We hope he will allow his name to
come before the Convention, and he will be sup
ported by Alany Votkks.
[For the Spectator.]
Mic. Editor —A number of gentlemen from
various parts of the county have been called up
on to represent us in the next Legislature, aud
we. of Riverheads Townshio. having thus far
remained quiet, and believing that we have a
right to at least one representative from our part
of the county, most respectfully desire to pre
sent to our fellow-citizens the name of William
F. Smith. Esq., for a seat iv the House of Dele
gates. Mr. Smith has not sought, and, we be
lieve does not really desire tbe nomination but,
knowing lis patriotic spirit, we feel no hesitan
cy in saying that he wiil serve us faithfully.
Being in interest identified with every farmer
and manufacturer of the county, and in every
respect a gentleman—clear in judgment and true
to the Conservative cause, we advise and ask our
friends and fellow-citizens in the Convention to
support him. Greknville.
i t m
Mr Editor—Having conversed vith many
of my.fellow-countymen, during the past week,
on the subject of Legislative candidates, and, as
they pretty generally agree with me as to one,
in their behalf as well as my own, I respeetiully
call on Mr Robkrt W. Burke to allow his
name to be presented before the County Nomi
nating Convention, as a candidate to represent
Augusta in the next House of Delegates.
As the time is short. I have, at the suggestion
of several, stated the substance of the above to
Mr. Burke, with the request and in the hope he
would respond favorably through this is-ue of
your paper. Countryman.
To the People of the County of Augusta:
I have bneii solicited by numerous friends from
different parts ot the county to allow the use of
my name as a candidate to represent Augusta in
the next House of Deh gates and in reply T have
only to say thai, if nominated by a C >n servative
Convention, I will cheerfully consent to run, and
nut otherwise.
If, on the other" hand, others are deemed
by that body better suited for the position, at
this crisi-, than myself, they will receive my
most cordial and earnest support
I have been from the Ivginning unalterably
opposed to the Funding Bill, and, if elected a
nivmber oi tin coming Legislature, will do ail
in my power to counteract its evils.
I' havH neyer believed that an agricultural
c mmunity could nfford to pay more than 6 per
cent, for money and will, therefore, if your rep
resentative urge the establishment ot' that as
the legal rate of interest, in lieu of 12 per cent
as now provi ii d lor in ou State Constitution
After Baying thi- mu< li briefly, I ned hardly
add that, if honored by a nomination and elec
tion, n> member «T the House will strive more
strenuously man myself to reduce your taxes to
the lowest Sgu c. consistent with tne support of
a rigidly economical State Government.
Re-peet'ullv, _ R. vV. Burke.
To the Citizens of Augusta County.
In response to a call published in the last issue
of the Spectator, and in obedience to the wishes
of many of my friends, I hereby announce my
self a candidate for the next of Dele
gates" If. in view of the multiplicity of gentle
men spoken of for this position, a Convention be
deemed necessary, I of course, will submit my
claims to its decision if fairly constituted.
In announcing myself, I wish to be clearly un
derstood upon two questions of great moment
that are now engaging the public mind, viz the
Funding Bill, and the 12 per cent, clause.
I hold that an assessment to provide for the
payment of the interest on the Public Debt,
would be injudicious at the present time, in view
of the fact tnat our farmers—the great tax pay
ing element of the State—are very bard pressed
in consequence of consecutive years of failure in
their crops, the ruinously low prices for all kinds
of iarm products and the burdensome taxation
arising from the manifold levies demanded by
our new system of Slate Government. I can not
see, as some claim, thai the honor, iutegrity and
material interest "f Virginia are so involved in
the immediate adjustment of her public debt that
every sacrifice must h-; made to secure this end
but I can see that our people, robbed of their
property, and impoverished by a long and ruin
ous war, are in no condition to bear the increas
ed taxation that the immediate assumption of
such heavy annual payments would necessitate
in order to meet the interest proposed by this
Funding Bill
The impolicy of the 12 per cent. Clause in our
Constitution is so manifest that it is only neces
sary to say that it ought to be expunged as soon
as possible a«,d that our next Legislature should
submit to the people the question of its repeal.
To render my card as brief as possible, 1 pledge
myself, if elected, to labor earnestly and zealous
ly for ihe most vigorous retrenchment in the ex
penditures of ihe Mate, to use every effort to ren
aer taxation as light as possible—and to urge
"in season and out of season," as the policy de
manded by stern necessity, the strictest economy
in the management and application ot the public
funds, Charles S. Roler.
STAUNTON SPECTATOR AND GENERAL ADVERTISER.
For the Spectator.
Everybody Read Thi*!
Mb Editor:—l respectfully announce toy
self a candidate for the Legislature—say the
House of Delegates. As to my political prin
ciples, I presume it don't matter whether lam
a Conservative or Radical, and I shail say noth
ing on that subject. The only question of in
terest now-a-days is Repudiation, and upon
that lam all right. I see that some of the
candidates in Rockingham are for repudiating
the State debt. So far so good. A candidate
in Highland goes for repudiating all debts, pub
lic and private, contracted before April 10th,
1865. That is a step further in the right di
rection. But neither the Rockingham lawyer
nor the Highland doctor has quite come up to
the maik yet. They are on the way however,
and I hail them as fellow-workers. My doc
trine is, repudiate all debts and divide out the
property. Here is my neighbor, Maj. Jones,
who owns five hundred acres of good land
worth $25,000. who don't want to pay his debts
amounting to $5,000. and grumbles heavily a
bout the taxes. Well now, is it right and fair
that neighbor Jones shall be relieved of his
debts and taxes and hold on to al! his land
I say it ain't, because when the law relieves
one it ought to relieve all. L have no debts to
be abolished, and I want a little farm badly
By the way. I am suspicious that my Highland
friend has some fat Crab Bottom acres, and
that's the reason his platform is so short. If
elected I promise to cany out my principles
universal repudiation down to the latest possi
ble moment, (none of your 10th April 1865)
an equal division of property, and an even
start for us all. There are of course no consti
tutional difficulties in the way. The people
who hold property to any amount worth speak
ing of are a small minority, and if all the oth
er sort vote for me I shall certainly be elected.
Those like me, who owe no debis and hold no
property, don't care a straw about repudiation
or taxes unless in the new shuffle we can come
in for something. Ahithopueel Smith.
P B—l live in the part of Augusta county
furthest from Staunton.
N B —It is unnecessary for me to say that
I am not a lawyer.
For the Spectator.
Messrs Editors —Being aware, as I am.
of your willingness to advance the cause of
Sabbath Schools generally, permit roe to give
you a brief account of the Sunday School held
under the Superintendence of Mr. Adam S'o
ver, at Union Church in 'his county, which
closed on the 9th inst. There were about £0
scholars present, who met ar 11 o'clock, ac
companied by their parents, with baskets filled
to oveiff >wing with good things for the occa
sion, which were neatly spread on a table some
50 feet long, in the grove near by. schol
ars were jnvjted by their kind Superintendent,
and the manner in which tbe nm& passed off,
agued in highest terms in iavor of the man
agement ol the School the past year. Dinner
bung over, the procession repaired to the
Church, where they were entertained for a
short lime by vocal music try the chair under
charge nf Prof. Wm Ii Floyd, whose vocal
ability is so favorably known May Superin
tendent and Teachers be spared to resume their
good WQil; in tlie is irniug Hprjug. and live to
see the fruits of pent labors. J).
Remember, S. M. Wiikes' cheap Furni
ture House is nextt'> Va Hotel,
I IST OF ADVERTISE!) LETTERS
_J remaining in the Staunton Post-Office, on
the 3'Jih day of September, 1871:
LADIES'' LJST
Barber Mr* Mary Johnson miss R
Bradford Miss E—3 Jeurden miss E W
Buckner A King miss X
Brown mrs G A Kent mrs H
Brown Miss M J King mrs J E
Bro ati Mrs Mary Lee miss Ginnie
Banks Miss Ida Leary Mary
Brown Mrs Harriet McClung A
Braxton Miss Julia Morrison Beng
Bulling Jane Meigs mrs HN
Banister Jinnje Herrifleld Mrs Jos 2
Black mrs M A Middemiss miss E? E—
Back—anon miss M due 20 cents.
Britt Mrs 8 M Madison Martha
Cool Miss M E Mickells miss Dora
Cary M Miller miss Nellie 4
Cale Mary Marshal! miss Mary
Cool Mollie Parris miss Nannie
Gales Maj' Pentz miss Emma
Cole Miss Jane Payne mrs Alsey
Chapman mrs A Powell miss Annie
Carringlon miss C Queen Mary
Doanell miss A M Reynolds miss Ii J
Duke miss J Hopper miss Betsy C
Davis mis* Pollie Robison Bettie
Davis Maggie Robison Martha
Post-.r miss A F Robison mrs Susan
Poustee M E S laughter mrs M II
Pan Icon er mrs B J Scruggs Celia
Fager miss b Smith mrs M
Frazer B Smith miss Maltie C
Given Mary Steel Sarah
Griffin Maggie Smith miss A T
Gratten miss M Thompson mrs A C
Hampton miss M E 'Timberlake miss Jane
Heiskell mrs S Watts miss Annie
(Teller mrs F E Wite mrs Martha
Hogur mrs Mary Whitely miss Sarah
IlaynesMary F Wright miss Emma
jjardie miss M L Woodfork miss Eliza
Henderson Margaret Willis mrs Eliza
Harris Muly W WayLon miss Lou
Harris miss S J Williamson miss L R
iladden Ellen Webb mrs M E
Huff mrs Ellon A Wallace miss M 2
•lohnson miss P Waid mrs M C
Jiiison mrs Lucy Waylor miss Mary
GENTLEMEN'n LIST.
Adams Samuel Leckey J H
Auxter Jos Lewis Samuel
Alexander HC, D D Leake R S
Burges Alex Miller Lewis
Berry Robt Marshall Pleasants
Brown Alfred Milton Wash
Beverly James Miehell Wm
Brooks James W Orebaugb John
Baldenics Prof J C Paxton Alex S
Bozal Isaac Praar Robt
Barker Wm Pendleton Rev W N—
Bearge Wm 1) D
Callahan T Patton Dr. Wm F—2
Cuilen A S Quntard Rt Rev C T—
Crutohfield Calvin D D
Dale to S—2 Russell Pabtor
Dennis George Keystone L 2
Daniel P P Reod Harrison
Kubatik James Ro er J C
Began Jame-, R Randolph Joe
Kngieman Peter Reod I'hos
Fauber Phillip Ross Ivens
Fmclv E D Riley W P
Gentry VVm R—2 Sites J A
Grady Jack Shaw Daniel
(jrever Nathan Sunder E W
Gia-s R J Shields G C
C-iibrem A Shawl H
Gatewood A Swink Jacob
Herron VV A Scotland James
il.izewood W J Selling J F
Harris Madison _#iu_ W P
Harve.y Malhew —2 Stuart Itobt
Uoghett John Seller- Cnas
Henkell J A She.ton John
Hives H Smith issac
liebbell C B sa ops mi Layton M
Hays Austin turner M J
Jounson Jos P Toliver Wm
Johnson James Thurber Geo
Jeffi-r-un Hollow Turk Jack
James Isaac Thompson John C
Keher Fritz Thomas Jasper
Lyman E N Tucker John R
Lewis Chas Tounge F VV
Learson A M Venable Robt
Loyd C Veane F
Landay James Whittle CO
Willis Win H
Parties calling for Letters in the above
list should state they are "advertised," in order
to distinguish them from the regular mail. Ad
vertised letters will only be delivered to the par
ties addressed or their written order.
E. H. SEARS, p. M.
20 different kincs of chewing Tobacco—
all grades—at Armentrout Cos.

J_l~ 16 different grades imoking Tobaccos at
Armentrout Cos.
_»~.
The largest slock and greatest variety of
walking canes ever offered in Staunton—from
25c to $10—at Armentrout Cos.
,__■• Wooden Pipes with stem, only 5 and 10
cents, at Armentrout Cos.

J_?~ Cigars—all grades at Armentrout Go's.
__». Call at Woods Gilkeson's and see the
best and finest sewing machine in the city—Wil
cox Gibbs' full cabinet, handsomely plated,
$125.00 machine. oc3-3t

.„_*• A sovereign and speedy remedy for Itch,
Tetter-worm, Ring-worm, Poison-Oak. Blotch
es, Pimples and all eruptions of the skin, is Ben
son's Salalem Broth—warranted in every in
stance. For sale by all druggists.
Everybody buys Furniture from John A.
Y. M. Biekle, who keep constantly on hand
the largest and best selected stock in the Valley,
such as Walnut Oak and Painted Suits at Balt
imore prices. Parlor Suits in Rep. Hair Cloth,
or Terry, at very reduced urices. They have on
hand a great variety of cane and wood-seat
Chairs, Bedsteads, Washstands, Tables, Bureaus,
&c, and, in fact, all other articles usually kept
in a first-class furniture store. Their stock can
be bought a little cheaper than they can be had
in Staunton or elsewhere.
Fisk's Metalic Cases and Caskets always on
hand Undertaking promptly attended to.
junelo
WE hereby announce that Wm. W. Flem
ing. Esq will be voted for as a candi
date for elec i'>n to a seat in the House of Dele
gates of Virginia to represent Bath and High
land. We want no little conventions to say who
shall be our representative.
oe3-tde Many Citizens.
S M Wilkes allows none to undersell
him in Furniture
Ift BLIfiIOCS IWriCß.—Tbe dedication
_ of the new Presbyterian church at Cross
\ey_, Rockingham county, Va will take place
en the third-Sunday (loth) of October. A pro
tracted meeting, connected with it, will com
mence on Friday evening previous. Dr. I. W.
K. Handy of tlie Augusta church, and other
ministers will be present on the occasion.
oc3-2t _Bov._S. W WATKINS.
Buy your Furniture from S M. Wilkes.
Married.
On Wednesday morning, October 4th, at tlie
residence of the bride's father, by the Rev. A.
Boon, Mr. Geo. F. EAKLKto Miss Florettie
B. Burns-all of Bath co., Va.
On Thursday, Sept. 28th, by Rev. R. P. Ken
nedy, at the bouse of Mr. Wm. C. Burger, of
Bath co., V;_ Mr. George H Hughes of Flu
vana co., Va and Miss Maggie E Burger-
On Oct 4th. at the residence of Mim. 3lirgaret
Gillaspie, Bath co., Va., by Rev."ft. P. Kennedy,
Mr. John F Simpson and Miss Maggie V.
Gillaspie. all ol Bath co Va.
Deaths.
Died on Saturday morning last, at 5 o'clock,
Mr. Daniel S. James a native of Wales, aged
70 years He was a good man and has been a
resi lent*of Staunton for several years.
sa»M__j_*'a. 'iwimßii nil ii i 1,1 vjummiuiKa
TIIJE MA BKJSTS.
Staunton Prices Current.
Corrootaci by C. A. Richardson. Flour Merchant
WHOLESALE PRICES
f Pine, $5 75®56 00
Flour u f' llne *™y IS
j Extra 7 30® 7 40
i Family 7 75® 700
Wheat, 1 !gf S
1 White, loo® 100
Corn 1 Yellow, 070 075
j White, 0 75® 080
Oats 0 45® 0 50
Rye otjs® 000
Lard 0 12® 000
f H0.. round, 101® 011
Rim ISiUe:- OU 000
(Shoulders, 010 000
LHama, tl3 014
Buttes, 0 20® 025
E KM 0 v3_t 0 16
Meal, 0 90® 1,00
S T I American, 3 00® 000
T J Liverpool, 300 325
fßrown 0 10® 0 12
Coffee., 0 14® 0 15
Sugar, -j Cnisiied OiG 017
j Pulverized 017 000
Granulated 017 000
f Rio 18a-25c
Coffee Lagnyra 25a0fc
I. Jay» 30c
f Black 1 50® 1 75
Trlc I Green 2 00® 225
XJfi Japan 160 175
(.Gunpowder, 200 250
Molasses, 04i@ 0 75
Syrup, OGO 100
(Pacific 5800
UUANJ, j p f ruvian 1()0W0
Bone Dnat...,'.. no on
Ground Plasty;* 11 00
Lump 00 0«
Irish Potatoes 001® 075
f Potomac Nett Herring, 10()c
-___. 1 Gross 800
JTISH, x G Nett v 80J
I. Gross 60P® 700
Richtnomt Markets.
REPORTED BY P. B. P. A. SUBLETT.
Since our last review of the maiket, we have
to report an advance of wheat, which U much
wanted for milling purposes and prices rulii g
high. Other produce about as last reported.
(Family— $9J@ 8 50
Flour] Extra 75® 7 50
[Superfine 7 25® 7 00
w l White 1 Go® 180
Wh_at j Ik:(i x j 80
f White Itm 82®
Corn {Yellow, 82®
Mixed,.
Oats...'. 55® 58
Flaxseed 1 75®
TIMOTHYSEBD 4 50® 0 00
Bees Wax 35® 40
Eggs 20®
Potatowb—lrian 1 00® 00
BUTT_B— Prime.,..,,, 25®
Buttea —Common gTade 12m
Bacon—Hog round 11®
Lard 13©
Peas— Black eye 000®
Hat—Timothy 1 20®
Special Notices.
4TTESiTi«?_ 5 FARMERS.—I am jus
receiving a supply of the celebrated
BAUGH'S ft A V/BONE PHOSPHATE.
wbich, from an experience by the farmers of thi?
county for the past five years, I can safely rec
ommend as the BEST ARTICLE upon lands to
which it is adapted, that has over been introdu
ced, not excepting the Peruvian Guano.
I have made arrangements for the supply of
Ground Bone. Bone Flour, Peruvian Guano,
and other Guanos, at the most favorable rates,
all of which wo will warrant pure and genuine.
Read the following certificate from one of the
most careful and reliable farmers of the county
Mr. Ceo. E Prick—Dear Sir—ln regard to
the effects of Baugh's Rawbone Phosphate, pur
chased of you, I will state that I have given it a
fair trial, having used it for three years. I have
also tried several other Phosphates of good rep
utation, and have found Baugh's decidedly the
best I believe it to be, from my experience, a
permanent fertilizer, and can confidently re
commend it 10 the farming community. It in
creased the yield of wheat this season very con
siderably, and has a very fine effect upon the
grass sown—in short I have found it to pay. me
well and expect to continue its use.
July. 1871. Epuraim Geedinq.
I will be glad to have in orders as early as
possibie that all may be supplied.
anl6-2m GKO. E. PRICE
Trust what Time has* Saner oued.
The maxim that the voice >>f the people is the
voice of the divinity, may in some cases, be
open to doubt, but the testimony of honest and
enlightened witnesses extending through a se
ries of years, and all to 'he same purport, is wor
thy of credence, admits of no question Upon
such testimony the reputation of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters as an antidote and cure for ma
ny ailments is based. During the twenty years
that it has been before the world, innumerable
preparations intended to compete with it. have
gone up like rockets, and come down the extin
guished sticks. Meanwhiie the progn-ss of that
incomparable tonic has been swift and steady—
always upwa d and onward like the eagle' 8 flight.
Its introduction produced a revjlution in thera
peutics and it proved to be one of those salutary
revolutions that cannot go backwards To-day
Hosteler's Bitters is one of the most popular
remedies in Christendom, and commands a lar
ger sale than any other medicinal preparation,
Uome.-tic or imported, on this side of the Atlan
tic. As a cure tor uyspepsia, bilious disorders,
nervous affections, general debility, and as a
preventive of epidemic fevers, it takes prece
dence of every other remedy. This fact should
teach the ambitious country dealers who endeav
or to foist their ioeal abortions on the public in
its stead, how futile their small atte opts to ca
jole the community must necessarily be. Where
the game fish have failed there is no chance for
the "sucners." oc3-lm
MfU> ALL WHOM IT MAY €0„tbtl„.
JL —Notice is hereby given that a motion will
be made to the county court of Highland, on the
first day of the November term next, in pursu
ance of the 42nd section of Chapter 250, of an
Act approved July 11th, 1870 commonly known
as the Free School Law, to condemn a certain
lot of land in Crab Bottom, in Blue Grass town
ship in said county, for tlie purpose of erecting
a school house thereon for the use of the public
free schools in said township in said county.
Said lot of land lies near the Brick church in
Crab Bottom, and is part of the church lot, ad
joining the lands of B. Hansel and others, and
contains two roods and nine perches.
JOHN H. HANSEL,
A. C WADE,
F. N'ULTY,
oc3-4t School Trustees.
Welter's! Weller's I Weller'■ i
BOOTS, BOOTS, BOOTS,
SHOES SHOES, SH<»ES,
HATS! HATS! HATS
Charles L Weller is receiving his Fall and
Winter Stock of Boots, Shoes, Hats, c for
ladies, misses, children, men, boys and youths.
Having been selected with unusual care and em
bracing the best grades of goods. Making the
boot and shoe business a specialty, he is satisfied
it will bo to the interest of purchasers to give
him a call. ocß-St
LOST- $5.00 Reward.—A gold plated
badge pin was left en the cars at Staunton,
OB la-t Saturday evening, Sept. 30th. Said pin
was shaped something like a Maltese cross, with
name and emblems of a fireman on it.
It can be of no value to any one but the owner
and the finder will confer a great favor by leav
ing it al tho ''S o3—2t
WASTED— 1000 bushels ol chestnuts for
which we wili pay tho highest market
price in cash.
oc3-5t TAYLOR KINNEY.
Special Notices
AN Infallible Remedy.— We are now at
that critical season of the year when ex
cessively hot weather, and the tree u*e of ice
water, fruits and vegetables, are most apt to cre
ate disorders of the stomach and bowels which,
if not cheeked in time, not unfrequently lead to
cholera, diarrhoea and dysentery. Whatever
the natural heaith and vigor of man or woman,
excessive heat is apt to produce languor as well
as inertness in the digestivo organs, and if na
ture is not speedily aid« d in tho performance of
her natural functions disease must fasten upon
the system. Dyspepsia one of the most
loathesome and annoying diseases known to the
human family, receives its vitality and gains its
power from disordered digestion. If taken in
its incipient stages it is easy enough to subdue,
but when it once gets a fair hold the patient is
forced to endure much before he can get perma
nent relief. Now, under these circumstances,
we ask it it is not passing strange that persons of
ordinary capacity become so short-sighted to
their own interests as not to avail themselves of
a certain and speedy remedy when they find
their appetites failing, their stomachs becoming
disordered and their digestion growing torpid?
And yet such i ases may be found in every neigh
borhood, notwithstanding the fact that Baker's
Premium Bitters are known to be an inlallible
remedy for all such complaints—that they con
tain not a particle of mineral poison—and that
they are the purest, surest and mo-t active tonic
known When taken as per direction they erad
icate nervousness in ali its forms, improve the
digestion, strengthen the stomach, purify the
blood and effectually expel all substances that
tend to produce biliousness or ague and fever.—
As a family medicine they stand unsurpassed,
while tbey give tone to the most debilitated con
stitution and vitality to the entire human frame.
Try them and test their merits for all diseases of
tne biood or stomach. Sold 03- druggists every
where. E. BAKER, proprietor
au22 Richmond, Va.
ROCKY
MOUNTAIN
TONIC
This splendid TONIC is offered to the public
with a sure guarantee that it will perform all it
promises. It, has been used with signal success
in the treatment of AGUE and FEVER, DYS
PEPSIA, INDIGESTION, LOSS OF APPE
TITE, WEAKNESS, and GENERAL DE
BILITY. It strengthens and invigorates the
Muscular and Kervous System, Purifies the
Blood, by causing a more healthful assimilation
of food, increases the Appetite, allays every
symptom of Dyspepsia, and creates new life and
vigor to a debilitated and enfeebled constitution.
Manufactured by
HOUSE SULLIVAN,
915 Bank street, Richmond, Virginia.
For sale by Trout, Stribling Berkeley, and
others, Staunton, Va.
_au22-ly
without A! 4 /^fef-^ARir^^s
-our trade
mark. *Z-—*
MONEY CAS NOT BUY IT!
FOB SIGHT IS PRICELESS!
But the Diamond Spectacles will preserve it.
If you value your eyesight use these PERFECT
LENSES. Ground from Minute Crystal Pebbles
melted togetner, and derive their name "Dia
mond" on account of their hardness and Bril
liancy. They will last many years without
change, and are warranted superior to all others,
manufactured by
J. E. SPENCER CO., N. Y.
Cone Hanger, Jewelers and Opticians, are
Sole Agents for Staunton, Va., from whom they
can only be obtained. No Peddlers employed.
ju2o—l2m.
WINDOW GLASS.-We have just re
ceived a large addition to our stock of
window glass, which we will sell at a moderate
advance on cost, freight added. Merchants will
find it to their advantage to give us a call.
NEW MACKEREL! in store, very cheap.
OLD HEKRINGI sound and in prime order,
at very low figures.
FERTILIZERS! FERTILIZERS!
Chesapeake, Maryland and South Carolina
Phosphates, which have been fully tested, and
are known to bo very superior. One farmer
writes
"After two years' trial I find your ammonia
ted super phosphate equal lo the be-t 1 have ev
er known. In no instance has it failed."
They are sold at a reduced price by
au22 BAKER BROS.
IJREE SCHOOL BOOHS.-1 am pre
pared to furnish
McGuffey's Spellers and Readers,
Davies' Arithmetics,
Guyot's Geographies,
Harvey's Grammars and
Webster's Dictionaries,
to Free School Scholars, at the prices contracted
for by the State Board of Education.
J COWAN,
bookseller and stationer,
Bes-tf New street, Staunton, Va.
C~DESTER WHITE PICI9 at reduced
prices.—Owing to the scarcity of I
have reduced the price of my pigs from $20.00
to $1200 per pair, delivered at the Express of
fice at Waynesboro' Pigs sent'o any address
"C. O. D." My pigs are warranted of pure
blood, and have taken the first premium at the
Augusta County Fair for the list two years.
They weigh from 50 to 70 pounds at from 7 to 8
weeks old. Address,
A. M. BOWMAN.
se26-tf Waynesboro, Va.
TOKUAK'S lodine ALUM WATER!
from Jordan's Springs, Alleghany county, Va.,
for tne cure of
Dyspepsia, in its various form? I Chronic Diar
rhoea, Scrofula, all Diseases of the Skin, Leu
corrho?a, Amenorrhea*. Anemia, Diseases of the
Bladder, Ulcerations wherever found.
Dr B P. REESE CO.,
opposite Spectator office, Staunton, Va., agents
for the Valley. au22
ttO. S¥_tUF or tlie Piiosptoites,
English Female Bitters,
Deßing.-' Viafuga,
Deßings' Pile Remedy,
Stafford*' Olive Tar,
Forrests' Juniper Tar, at
Dr. WAYT BRO.'s
jan3 Drug store.
EMO AL. —Mrs. F. S Satjpe. fashiona
ble Dress-Maker, has removed from the
-tone building on Augusta street, to rooms over
D A.Kayser.store. Dress-making, Stamping.
Braiding. Embroidering, Pinking. &c done
promptly on the most reasonable terms. Pat
terns of'all kinds constantly on hand.
sel9-lm_
A Large Stock of School Boobs and
Stationery jasl received at Cowan s book
store, New street. I North of the Virginia hotel,
on the opposite side of the street,) Staunton, Va.
J. 'CO WAN,
Booksellers and Stationer,
seo-tf New street.
EITIA SUGAR- CURED BANNER
HAMS, Sides. Breasts and Shoulders.—
VV liite Drips and Bartol's Syrups; Chewing and
Smoking Tobacco; Family, Extra and Superfine
Flour; Coffees, Teas. Sugars, &c.
J. VV. TODD CO.,
Burwell Corner.
iUTLEK¥.-We have added largely, dur
\__J ing the past week, to our stock of Table
md Pocket Cutlery—some new styles, suitable
for Christmas presents—also a good stock of Rog
3rs' and Westenholm's scissors and shears.
WOODS GILKE>QN.
H~" TDBATE"CHLORAL, Hydrastin, Po
dophylin, Leptandin. Iridin, Boudoult's
French Pepsin, Purified Opium, Sweet Quinine,
nnd Lactic Acid, at Dr. WAYT BRO.'S
Drug store.
CIARROLIC TROCHES for Coughs,
Colds, and Sore Throat,
Carbolic Toilet Soap—a superior article for
chapped hands at
Dr. WAYT BRO.'S drug store.
FOR SALE privately—two engines—one an
eight-horse power, the other six horse pow
er. A bargain can be had by early application
to W. A. BURKE, at
se2G-4t Burkes Foundry.
L O.ST.— In Staunton on Thursday last, Two
GOLD BR BAST PINS. The finder will
be suitably rewarded if they are left at the Spec
tator office. L. WADDELL,
oc3-8t Churchville, Va.
WAAITED— oi) cents per bushel will be paid
for acorns, de ivered in lots of not less
than half a bushel, at the store of
It P. B. P. A SUBLETT.
rpH E L A RCi EST STOCK of School
BOOKS in the Valley is at
J. COWAN'S, bookseller,
ses-tf New street. Staunton, Va.
sjorm brooms^
•Jll at S2 per dozen.
Apply to A. N. BRECKINRIDGE,
septl_-im Steward D D. and B. I.
RTChI-XD'S Green Mountain Asthma
Cure, at Dr. VV AY T B RO.' S
Drug store.
Legal Notices.

Rules held in the Clerk's
f office of the Circuit Court for Augusta
county OctoDer 2nd, 1871
v\ iiMn n S McChesney and John Q. A. Na
denbousch, Plaintiff,
again-t
John A Richardson and Sarah A. his wife. Ed
win M. Brown, Emma S H Brown, Thomas
J Michie, surviving trustee of Mary A.
Brown, deed. John B. Baldwin, and Michael
G. Harman, administrator of John B Breck
inridge, deed, and trustees for the widow and
heirs of said Breckinridge, deed, M G Har
man, William H Garber. Levi L Stevenson,
Maria B. Breckinridge, William B. Johnson,
and Margaret S. his wife, Anthony D. Wren,
and Su-an M his wife, Alexander N Breck
inridge, N. P. Catlett and Bettie his wife, A.
S. Lara and Catharine L his wife, and Sam
uel B Brown, Jr.— ln Chancery on Cross-Bill
The object of this suit fe to ootain a decree
for the conveyance of the American Hotei pro
perty, m the town of Staunton to establish the
terms ot complainants' purchase of said proper
ty, and of the manner in which the purchase
money for said property was invested.
The Defendants, Edwin M. Brown and Sam
uel B. Brown, Jr., not having entered their ap
pearance, and it appearing by affidavit filed that
they are non-residents of the State oi Virginia:
It is ordered that they do appear here within one
month after due publication ot this notice, and
do what is necessary to protect their interest.
Teste, J. N. RYAN. Clerk
Baldwin Cocbran and Bayior Hanger, p q
ocio-4w
Co mmissioncr's Notice.—To Mary ii.
Gardner, vVm. G- Sterreit, adm'r of David
Sterrett, dt-ceased, Ann P Sterrett, Thom»s Y.
.-sterrett. John M Travis and Mary J. his wife,
and James Trimble and Isabella E C. his wife,
(non residents of this Commonwealth) Samuel
H. Bell. John B. Baldwin, trustee, and Richard
H. Phillips —Take notice, that in pursuance of
a decree rendered at the September term. 1871,
of tho c unty court of Augusta, in a cause in
chancery therein depending, in which Mary B
Gardner is plaintiff, arid VVi.i. G. Sterrett, ad
ministrator of Dsvid Sierrett, d*c'd, and others
are defendants, 1 shall as commissioner of said
court, proceed as directed b.v said decree, on
Thursday, the 2tith day of October, LS7I, at my
office in the town of S aunton, to ascertain and
state, an account showing—
Ist, Of all the real estate of or to wbich David
Sterrett, deed, was possessed or entitled, on or
after the oth day of December, 18<j0, with its an
nual and fee simple value, specifying any sub
sequent alienation of such real e-tate.
—iid, All unsatisfied lieus upon such real es
tate, whetner by judgment or otherwise.
3rd, The amount of purchase money remain
ing due from the defendant, Richard H. Phil
lips, upon the tract of 25i acres in the Bill men
tioned. And at such time and place all lien
creditors cf the said David Sterrett, deed, are
required to file evidence of their claims.
Given under my hand as commissioner of said
court, this 2nd day of October, 1871.
oc3-4w G. M. HARRISON, com'r.
TO Thomas D. Ranson, admin'tor of Samuel
Miller, deed, George Peters, Samuel Coy
ner. Jr., and all lien creditors of said George
Peters. —Take notice that in pursuance of a de
cree rendered at the September term, 1871, of
the county court of Augusta county, in a cause
in chancery therein depending, in which Thom
as D Ranson, adm'r ot Samuel Miller, deceased,
is plaintiff, and Georgo Peters is defendant, I
shall, as commissioner of said court, proceed as
directed by said decree, on Wednesday, the2sth
day of October, 1871, at my office in the town of
Staunton, to ascertain and state—
Ist, All the real estate owned by the defend
ant, George Peters, on or aft a r the —day of Au
gust 1870, the date of the judgment in tho bill
mentioned.
2nd, Of the fee simple and annual rental val
ues of said real estate
3rd, Of all outstanding and unsatisfied liens
upon said real estate, with their respective pri
orities, together with any other matters deemed
pertinent by myself or required by any of the
parties to be stated. And at such time and place
all lien creditors of the said George Peters are
required to file evidence of their claims.
Given my hand as Commissioner erf said
Court, this 2nd day of October 1871
oc3-4w M. HARRISON, Com'r.
I commissioner's Notice.-- To ail persons
\J holding vendors' liens evidenced by the. sev
eral bonds executed by J. H Ervin to David A.
Bell, in consideration of the purchase of a tract
of toad conveyed by said Bell to said Ervin by
Deed dated the 29 r A day of Nov., 1800.—Take no
tice, that in pursuant' •Of a decree rendered at
the September term, 1871, of the county court
of Augusta, in the cause of Bell, &o vs. Ervin
1 shall, as commissioner of said court, proceed
on Friday, the 27th day of October, 1871, at my
office in the town of Staunton, to take an ac
count of said liens with their respective priori
ties. And at su.h time and place all creditors
holding said liens arc required to file evidence of
their claims
Given under my hand U commissioner of said
court, this 2nd day of October, 1871.
oe3-4w G. M HARRISON, com'r.
\riU€iIXIA to wit-In Vacation.—At
Rules held in the Cierk's Office of Augusta
county court, September 19th, 1871
The President, Directors and Company of the
Bank of Virginia, who sue lor benefit of Wm.
B. Isaacs, William G Taylor and John C. Wil
liams, late partners under the name and style of
Wm. 6. Isaacs Co Plaintiffs,
against
Samuel C. Ludington Defendant,
Action of Debt on Attachment,
The object of this suit is to recover against the
defendant the sum of $1828 4-> cents, with inter
est on $203.30 cents, part thereof, from August
loth, 1801, and on $1125 10 cents, the residue
thereof from December 21. 1801, till payment.
It appearing from an affidavit tiled that the
defendant is not a resident of this Stale, and he
not having been served with a copy ol the sum
mons, or the attachment issued ia this cause, on
motion of plaintiff's Counsel it is ordered that
said Samuel C. Ludington do appear here with
in one month after due publication hereof, and
do what is necessary to protect interest in this
suit; and that a copy of this order be published
in one of the newspapers of _taunton for four
successive weeks, and another copy posted at the
front door of the Court-house of this county on
the first day of the next term.
Copy—teste,
WILLI A M A B URNETT. CI k.
Echols, Bell Catlett, p. q. se2ts-4w
IH VACATIOX.-In the Clerk's office of
the Circuit Court for Augusta county, Sept.
_lst. 1871—Alexander H. McCue and Henry M.
McCue, in r ants, who sue by Ellen S. McCue,
their mother and next friend,
against
David S. Bell, adm'r of John McCue, deceased,
and the said David S. Bell and Elizabeth M. his
wife, John H. McCue.of Nelson county, Dr. Cy
rus Alexander, and Sarah J. his wife; William
B. Dorman and Margaret C. his wife, Jame3 M.
McCue. William A. McCue, Hannah M. Mc-
Cue, Decatur Hodges and Martha R. his wile,
Ellen S. McCue and Moses Zorkle.
The object of this suit is to set aside the sale
of the real estate of John McCue, deceased,
made under decree of the Circuit Court of Au
gusta county, in 1863. at which sale Moses Zer
kle and David S. Bell became the purchasers;
and to restore the infant plaintiffs to their rights
as heirs of tbe said John McCue.
The Defendants, Decatur'Hodges and Martha
R. his wife, and James M. McCue, not having
entered their appearance, and it appearing by
satisfactory evidence that they are non residents
of this State, It is ordered that they do appear
here within one month after due publication of
this notice, and do what is necessary to protect
their interest. Teste, J. N. RYAN, Clk.
Baldwin Cochran, p. q. se2U-4w
\IKGIMA. TO WIT—In Vacation.
At Rules held in the Clerk s Office of Au
gusta County Court, September 15th, 1871.
Henry A. Reed, Plaintiff,]
against I T ni.
William B. Heed and Wm L [In Chancery.
Mowry, sheriff of Augusta co., J
Detendants.
The object of this suit is to injoin all proceed
ings upon a judgment obtained by the said Wm.
B. Reed against said plaintiff, by default at the
April term of the County Court of Augusta
county. 1871, for $"J4O, damages, with int"r»-t
from the _4ih day oi November. 18G6, till paid,
and S'J 33 cents, costs of suit, and to have said
judgment set aside and annulled.
It appearing from an affidavit and other
evidence filed in the papers of this cause, that
said \V m. B. Reed i« not an inhabitant of this
Commonwealth, and he not having been served
with proper process, on motion of Plaintiff's
counsel, it is ordered that he do appear here
within one month after due publication hereof,
and do what is necessary to protect his interest
in this suit, tint a copy of this order be publish
ed for four successive weeks in some newspaper
print d in Staunton, and that another copy be
posted at the front door of the Court-house of
this county, on the Ist day of the next term.
Copy- teste,
WILLIAM A. EURNETT, Cl'k.
Fultz Fultz, p. q. sel9-4w
NOTICE.— It is now nearly twelve months
since our notice, calling upon all persons
indebted by note or otherwise to G T. Antrim,
deed, urging them to settio up—but few have
regarded that notice.
It is absolutely necess-iry that the estate should
be settled up. We again earnestly ask all per
sons knowing them-elves indebted to the estate
to make prompt payment. We will in a very
short time turn over for collection by law nil
claims in our hands, not satisfactorily arranged.
The bonds and books are in tho nands of T.
H. Antrim, Waynesboro.
T. H. ANTRIM,
WM. CALDWELL,
fe 14 Executors.
Legal Notices.
I—.1 1
Commissioner's Notice.— To Andrew
\J Argenbright, Samuel X Kerr, adm'r of
Wm. Kerr, dec*d, and all creditors of the said
Wm. Kerr, dec d.—Take notice that in pursu
ance of a decretal order of the county court of
Augusta county, rendered at tho September
term. 1871, in a cause in chancery therein de
pending: in which Andrew Argenbright is plain
tiff, and Samuel X. Kerr, adm'r of Wm. Kerr,
deed, is defendant. I shall, as commissioner of
said court, proceed on Wednesday, the 25th day
of October, 1871, at my office in th** town of
Staunton, to take, state and settle the following
account*
Ist, Showing the dealing of Samuel X. Kerr,
adm'r of Wm Kerr, deed, with tho estate of
his inte-tate.
2nd. Tne amount of the estate, real and per
sonal of said VVm. Kerr, deed.
3rd, Tho debts and the priorities existing
among them against the estate of said William
Kerr, deed, together with any matter deemed
pertinent by myself or required by any of the
parties to be stated.
Given under my hand as Commissioner in
Chancery ot said Court, this 2nd day of Octo
ber, 1871. g. m. Harrison,
oc3-4t Commissioner.
TO Samuel Coiner, Jr., Jacob Gutshall and
all lien creditors of the said Jacob Gut
shall.— Take notice tbat in pursuance of a de
cree renden d at the September term. 1871, of
the ccunt> court of Augusta, in a cause in chan
cery depending therein, in which Samuel Coi
ner, Jr., is plaintiff and Jacob Gutshall is de
fendant, I shall, as commissioner of said court,
proceed at my office in the town of Staunton, on
Thursday, the 20th day of October. 1871. to take,
state ana settle the following accounts, showing,
Ist, The real estate of whi.-h the said Jacob
Gutshall is seized and possessed, together with
tho tee simple and annual rental value thereof.
2nd. An account of the liens, together with
their respective priorities existing against said
real estate, together with anything deemed per
tinent by mysell, or required by any of the par
ties to be stated. And at such time and place all
.ien creditors of said Jacob Gutshall are requir
ed to file evidence of their claims.
Given under my hand as commissioner of said
court, this 2nd day of Oct, 1871.
G M. HARK [SOX com'r.
Clothing.
Tf __._, AND WINTER CLOTHING.
I wish to inform the citizens of Staunton and
vicinity that I have just returned from New
York and Baltimore, and have now in store, (and
daily receiving additions thereto, a full and com
plete assortment of
Fall aud Winter Clothing,
HAND-MADE BOOTS AND SHOES,
HATS AXD CAPS,
(the largest stock this side of Baltimore)
and the largest stock of TIES AND BOWS
ever offered in this city,
a splendid line of Gents 1 Furnishing Goods,
Trunks, Valises, Umbrellas, &c, enabling
me to exhibit one of the largest stocks ever of
fered in this city, all of which 1 will sell for
cash as low as they can be bought in this or any
other market and to which I invite your atten
tion before purchasing.
Clothing an_> Shirts made to order and sat
isfaction guaranteed in all respects".
_©-Also agent for the celebrated C«>at Fitting
Shirts.
No trouble to show goods—come and see.
se2G—at J. A. ARMENTROUT.
STOCHttToi ~V_L _TH 1 ii
THIS SIDE OF BALTIMORE,
AT BALTIMORE PRICKS,
FOR CASH!
I have now received my fall stock of goads,
consisting of
C.othiug, Hats, Bools, Shoes,
and
GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS,
which I will sell cheap for the money.
All goods guaranteed as represented. Call and
see
JOHN W. ALBY,
sc26 15 New Street. Staunton, Va.
The only reliable Gift Distribution in the Country.
60,000.00 in valuable sifts
TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN
li. D. SINE'S
152 nd REGULAR
Monthly Gift Enterprise,
To be drawn Monday, November 27th, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
!»•">.OOO each In Careen backs.
Two Prizes $1000 fnnnnitmtMra
Five Prizes !*3o(> gs'\ I U\\ \K Jj IV
Ten Prizes £100 tf (Ul.LLillJ.llaJi
WHOLE NUMBER OF CASH GIFTS. 1000 I
1 Horse and Buggy, with SUver-tnounied Har
ness, worth $000; one fine-toned Rosewood Piano,
worth $500; ten Family Sewing Machines, worth
$100 each five heavy cased gold hunting watches
and heavy gold chains, worth $300 each
Five Gold American Hunting Watches, worth
$125 each Ten Ladies' Gold Hunting Watches,
worth $100 each 800 gold and silver lever hun
ting Watches (in ail) worth from $20 to $300
each. Ladies' Gold Leontine Chains, Gent's
Gold Vest Chains Silver-plated Castors, Solid
Silver and Double-Plated Table and Teaspoons,
Ivory-Handled Dinner-Knives, Silver-Plated
Dinner Forks, Silver Vest Chains, Photograph
Albums, Ladies' GBld Breastpins and Earrings,
Gents' Gold Bregstpins, Shirt Studs and Sleeve-
Buttons, Finger-rings, Gold Pens, (silver ex
tension,) etc.
Whole number gifts, G.OOO. Tickets limited
to 60 000.
Agents wanted to sell tickets, to whom
liberal premiums will be paid.
Single tickets $1; six tickets. So twelve tick
ets, SlO; twenty-five tickets, $20.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a de
scription of the manner of drawing, and other
information in reference to the Distribution, will
be sent to any one ordering them. All letters
must be addressed to L. D. SINE,
Box SO, Cincinnati, O.
Office—lol W. ">th st. oc3-7t
CHESAPEAKE dcO. It. «.—On and
after September Ist, Passenger Trains
leave Richmond (Sunday excepted; as follows:
5.30 A.M.—MAIL TRAIN fox the White
Sulphur Springs, connecting at Gordonsville
with the Orange, Alexandria and Manassas train
for Washington and North, and Lynchburg
and South.
3.35 P. M. —Accommodation Train for Gor
donsville, except on Saturday, on which day it
leaves at five P. M. This train connects at Gor
donsville with night trains on the Orange, Alex
andria and Manassas Railroad for Lynchburg
and Washington.
Through tickets at low rates, sold to all points
Northwest and Southwest.
Further information may be obtained at the
company's offices.
No Passenger Trains are run on Sundays.
A. U. PERRY,
General Superintendent.
James F. Netiierland, Gen*J i'iekei Agent.
oc 10-tf
l-MUNIA HOTEL.—TUB sub-criber
V would respectfully inform his friends and
the traveling public that he has taken charge of
the Virginia hotel, and hopes, by ende.ivonng
to keep up its present reputation, to retrieve a
liberal share of the public patronage. He would
also anounce to his friends in the county, who
may visit Staunton on business or pleasure, that
he will furnish them meals and lodging at the
former rat-s charged by him. Hot and cold
baths famished at 25 cents.
oc3-1111 Fit. SCHEFFEjI Proprietor.
LOST CERTIFICATE or Stat- Mock.—
A certificate of two thousand (s2oooj dol
lars of the debt, of tho Commonwealth of Vir
ginia, owned by Mrs. Martha Frazier in her life
time,'and standing in her name on the 2nd Au
ditor's bjoks, and devised to ma by will, has
been lost. I have made application at the office
of the 2nd Auditor to have it renewed.
oS-lm M. SUE ALLEN^
\TOTICE.- Persons interest._-d in establish
_JU ing trade in MILK with Richmond, are
rt-spectfil'y requested to assemble at 11 o'clock
at the office of the Secretary, on the FAIR
GROUNDS, on the »ec->«id day of the Fair, to
deliberate on the BuhftCt with a view of putting
the enterprise into operation. oe<-Bt*
UEG_STR>a*IOM. —T_._R_GLST_.A-
tion Boras of North River Township will
be opened f Mt. Solon on Friday, the2otb, and
at .spring _.ill on Saturday, the 21st dtv of Oc
tober, WL f° r revision and the registration of
any —»r*OM not heretofore registered.
oAIO-2t J. A. LOGAN, Registrar.