THE RUTLAND HERALD.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1871.
Report of the Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War's report, the
main fact relative to which were printed
two weeks ego from tu'eaa reports, show
the army on July 1st, to have been red ne
ed to 30,000 men. The expenditures, for
the year, were about forty millions, in
cluding Bearly four millions of river and
harbor imprevementa. The estimate for
military purposes daring the fisoal year,
ending June 80th, 1873, is $32,415,472.
The Treasury baa realized thus far, the
present fiscal year, $217,Co40J, from!
le8 of arms and other sources. An esti
mate of three millions is made for the
settlement of claims yet due the State?
for calling troops Into sarvice. The
Secretary says that it is with great em
barrassment that the appropriation, made
at last session, can be so economized rs
to answer the pressing requirement of the
service. lie recommends that the extra
lieutenant, suthorizad to serve bs regi
mental Quartermaster, be discontinued
as vacancies oocur in those grades, tffaot
ing the ultimate reduction of eighty lieu
tenant, and that tbe grade of quartermaster-sergeant
be abolished, also those of
oo in pan y artificers and wagoner, wbiob
will save to the service a yearly coat o
$11,274. The proceeds of sales of cloth
ing cince June 30th 1870, to date, are
f 1,875,728, cost of transportation for the
year is about $1,500,000. Half the
southern railroads still owe the Depart
ment $4,724,340. The Secretary allude
to the existenco of an armed
rebellion of a regular organization
and its great strength in parts of the
Southern States, and the necessity of us
ing the armed foroe of the nation to put
it down and bring the leaders to speedy
iustioe. He closes with a renewed re-
0
commendation for fire proof buildings for
the War Department, and exprepss a
hope that a reform will be fff acted in all
Departments of the Government by the
labors of Civil Servics Commission.
Public Debt Statement.
The following is a recapitulation of the
public debt statement;
Belt Bearing Interut in Coin.
Debt Bearing Merest in Lawful Money.
r.i;.t 3S.l8.0nO CO
Int-rt.' 24i 760 00
ZkW on which Interest has CtaseJ sin C4 Maturity.
Principal,
Interest,
11.7S9.J97 2
294 346 34
Dtlt hearing no Interest.
1424.C86.977 30
Vi.cjaiuitd interest.
14 441 13
Total Delt.
Principal,
lmereot,
12,317.123 124 5G
37,50t,3t7 8
Total,
2.353,631,512 43
Cash in the Treasury.
n interest, ImIIj t
Currency, lO.UJ.SSJ ,t
DM lm Cash in the Treasury.
December 1, 1871, $2.248 251.317 85
November 1. l7l 2,l41,7l3,448 03
rfdebt 81116 P8St iwoeo 18
Deereane of d,bt Bince March 1,
LVereine of debt from March 1,
ia9, toM'ch 1, 1871, 204,754,413 09
Bonds isrued to Pacific Railroad Companies, In-
Prinrinl mit..t.findintr.
G1,6:8.832 CO
lntcreit accrutd and not yet
paid.
Interest paid by the United
Statra,
Interst repaH by the transpor
tation of mail, f to.,
lJlanse of interest ptid by th
United States,
1,613,470 81
12.69J.175 41
3,317,907 44
9,371,597 67
Literary Notes.
Jean Iogalow will contribute an ex
tended story to the next volume of Hearth
and Home.
J. B, Lippincott Oo. publish a nov
el with the title, "Was She Engaged."
By reading the bcok you can ascertain
the answer.
Next year's Atlantio Monthly will
contain a "Serial Life of Jefferson," by
James Tarton. It is not stated whether
it is to be fiction or history, erhips a his
torical novel.
The library of Tretcott, the historian,
has at last been sold at auction. As usual,
in such cases, the most valuable volumes
bad been withdrawn.
"Child Life," a collection of beautiful
poems pertaining to childhood, will be
published soon Vy James R. Osgood Co.
The poems have been selected by John G.
Whittier and Lucy Liroom, and the Qua
ker post's own contributions will greatly
add to the vhIuu of the book.
Morton House," a new novel, by a
promising writer of the South, has already
met with a success considerably greater
than the anticipations of the publisheis
Tba entire large edition was sold on thp
day of publication, leaving many orders
unanswered. A new edition is in press
by the Appletons.
Prof. Winchell, of the Michigan Uni
versity, will contribute a series of articles
on "God in Nature," to the next (1872)
vol me of the Sunday School Journal.
James H. Osgood Oo. will publish
a volume of poems by William Ellery
Channing; if these poems have half the
merit with which George William Curtis
credits them, the book thould have a
great sale; but the halo of memory and
personal friendship may have led to over
warm praise.
Every Saturday, with the new year,
will return to its oiiginal form end char
acter, and discontinue its illustrations.
The pnblio will regret this change. Thi
paper, as a beautif al pictorial, bed aohiev
ed a high degree of popularity, and it
publishers can look back upon it with
pride.
George Jones for Mayor of New
York. The Troy 2 imes says
"The New York Standard nominates
George Jones, of the limes, for Mayor. A
good suggestion. His paper has made a
gallant fight against the corrupt city offi
cial, and it would be a good move to
plaoe him in an tfQoial position where he
can continue the righteous warfare in an
other way."
To this the Standard adds
"The Times takes the right view of the
canvass in favor of Mr. Jones for the office
of Mayor. In that position he weald cer
tainly be able to 'continue the righteous
warfare in another way.' He would ad
minister justice and enforce the laws see
that there was no stealing, and be in every j
way a credit to the city. Wo do not
know whether Mr. Jonea could ride a
horse as well aa our present Mayor and
review tha troopa and different societies,
but this need not be an insurmountable
objection, aa we bave seen President Lin
coln review bis troops from a buggy, and
the Grand Dnke the other day reviewed
oar militia from a coach and four. We
Lope that tbe Committee of Seventy will
take proper action on this nomination and
hasten to organize Jones clubs in every
ward."
We vote for tbe Rutland County boy.
ii:rTi:Hi titon the people.
Tlie I'se of Language."
I
The propriety of the use of tl e phrf s
"ia building" and similar phrases, has
been somewhat discussed. I see the ue
of the phrases is still continued by srme
writers. Almost every paper I read
makes the statement that "a home is
building," "a well is digging," etc.
The very idea of a house building
something, a well digging what a
hole? excites a smile, a weuder and a
wish that writers would regard Lindley,
Murray, Tower, Weld, Greene, with more
respect.
But authority has been abundantly
uiven to show the abase of the rules of
tbe language when such expressions are
used. I do not propose to quote any
authority, but I would request you to
place, side by side, the two modes in
which the same phrase is used and let tbe
absurdity of tbe incorrect use be thus
made apparent.
Mr. B., the contractor, is now building
a bouse for Mrs. F.
A bouse i9 building for Mrs F.
Mr. C tbe sexton, ia digging a grave
for tbe late Mr. D.
A grave is digging for Mr. D.
Charles is studying bis lesson.
The lesson is studying in Charles' book
What are those men doing in that field
Mr. E. ia selling out and Mr. G. is buying
the farm.
The farm is selling and the farm is
bnying.
What is that noise Mrs. S. is calling
her servant.
Tbe servant is calling.
Now will those who use tLis new form
of speech please to tell ua what is tbe house
building What is the grave digging
What is the lesson studying What is
the farm buying If Mrs. S. is calling
her servant, then the servant is probably
oalling Mrs. S. Perhaps, if Mr. E. is sel
ling his farm, tLe farm ia selling Mr. G
Very possibly, too, that the lefson is
studying Charles as much as Charles is
studying the lesson. If the sexton is
digging a grave, then it must bo that the
grave is digging the sexton. If they dig
eqaally fast will tbe grave ever bo dug,
or will the sexton be buried alive in the
grave be is digging.
It is such a discomfort to meet with
these gross inaccuracies that I hope this
presentation of the two uses of these
phrases may do something to banish them
from all our rending.
No one will object to "a ship is sailing
on tbe ocean, "the river is running" in
the channel, but how a railroad can sur
vey itself, or a bridge throw itself across
a stream, or a house build itself, is beyond
my comprehension. Ver. Sap.
REPLY.
Editor Herald: Your correspondent
"Ver. Sap." in your Daily of the 29th inst..
seeks to revive the old discussion in regard
to tbe uaa of the present indicative passive,
and the participle in ing in the passive
sense and as it seems to me dispatches
the matter in a very summary way, and
by illustrations that have no reference to
tbe use of the words in question or tend
to sustain him in his conclusions that the
use of the expression "is being" is correct.
And for the purpose of opening the ques
tion and giving your correspondent a
chance to fully consider the subject, I do
sire you to give place to the following 1
"There is properly no passive form in
English, corresponding to the progressive
form, in the active voice, exoept where it
is made by tbe participle in ing in a pas
sive sense, thus The bouse is building,'
'The garments are making,' 'Wheat
is selling,'" etc. An attempt has been
made by some gramarians, of lte, to
banish suoh expressions from tbe lan
guage, though they have been used in all
times past by tbe best writers, and to jns
tify and defend o clumsy solicism, which
has been introduced within tbe last fifty
years, cbiffly through the newspaper
pross, but which has gained suoh cur
rency and is becoming so familiar to the
ear that it seems likely to prevail with fill
its unooutbness and deformity. I refer
to such expressions as "The house ia being
built," "The letter is being written," etc.
Respecting this mode of expression, it may
be noticed that it bad no existence in the
language till within the list half century.
This indeed would not make it wrong
were it other wiso unexceptionable, but it
shows that it is not aa is pretended, a
necessary form, and in some measure ac
counts for the insolveno9 and effrontery
with wbiob, like all upstart, it seeks to
override and bear down that which is
venerable for its antiquity, aud commend
ed for its propriety.
This form of expression, wh-n an-.ljz-;d,
is found to. express not wht it is iatend
ed to express, and would bs used only by
suoh as are either ignorant of its import
or careless and loose in the nse of their
language. To make thi manifest, let it
be considered first that there is no pro
gressive form of tbe verb to be, and no
need of it hence there is no snch express
ion in English as is being. Of course the
expression "is being built," for example,
is not a compound of "is being," and
built, but of "is" and "being built" that
is of the verb to be and the present par
ticiple passive. Now, let it be observed
that tbe only verbs in whioh the present
participle pssdve expresses a continued
action are those in wbieh the regular pas
sive form expresses a continuance of the
action, as "is loved," "is deserved," ete.,
and in which, of course, the form in ques
tion ("is being built,") is not required
Nobody would think if saying, "He is
being Wed," 'Tie result is being de
sired." In all other verbs, the present participle
passive, like the present tense, expresses
not a continued action, or tbe continned
receiving of an action, but that the aotion
has ceased, and the result exists in a fin
ished state "Thus cur work being finish
ei, we may rest," etc. In all such ex
pressions the present participle passive
represents the action as now finislied end
exists only in its resnlts. Thi finished
aot, then, cannot be made wnfinisTied and
progressive by being asserted of a subject,
which is all the verb to be as a copula can
express, llenco it is manifest that "is
being built," if it mean anything, can
mean nothing more than "is built," which
is not the idoa intended to be expressed.
For the same reason that is being built,
etc, is contended for as a proper expres
sion we should contend, also, for, "Has
been beius built." "Had betn beinar
built." "Shall have been being built"
and so on through the different moods and
tenses. Wbea all these shall have been
introduced, our language will be rich in
deed.
The usa of the form it being i justified
only by condemning an established usage
of the language, nimely, tbe passive
sense in some verbs of the participle in
THE RUTLAND
mi. in reterame to tt:i- l, is mppnwy
n il
sked, "What does the bouse tuil.V
What do. a the letter write." etc., t-king
it for granted, without attempiisr to
prove, that tbe participle in -Jtig c-nnot
have a passive sense in any verb The
following are a few examples from tbe
best writers this novelty would condemn.
"While the ceremony was performing,"
Tom Brown "The court ws thfn hold
ing," Sir G. McKenzie; "And still be
doing, but, never done," Butler "The
books are selling," Allen Gram "The
work ef the templt was carrying on," Dr.
Owen "The fortress is building,'' Irving
"The attempt is making in the English
Parliament," Daniel Webster; "The
movement was making," Cooper; "These
things were transacting in England,"
Bancroft. And of the leading grammari ins
that unqualifiedly condemn the usa of
the expression "is being" are Gould,
Brown, Frazee, Arnold, Weld, Hart,
Wells, Bullion and others and of this ex
pression the great linguist Worcester says
that, "Tbe form of expression is being, is
being tommitted, etc, is almost universally
condemned by grammarians, but is some
times met with in respectable writers, it
most frequently opcurs in newspaper
paragraphs and hasty compositions,
When we say "The bouse is building"
the advocates of the is being theory sake.
"Building what?" We might ask in
turn when you say that, "the field
ploughs well." Ploughs what "Wbest
eells well." Sells what If ussge allow
ua to sy that wheat sells at a dollar ia a
sense that is not active, why may we not
also say that wheat is selling at a dollar
in a sense that is not active? I trust,
that your correspondent will carefully
look into this subject before be condemns
tbe usa of tbe participle in ing, passively.
and adopts so bungling an expression as
uis being" with all its attendant results
and probable innovations.
A Reader.
A Hint from a Student.
"THE USE OF LANGUAGE."
This heading, which a correspondent
has placed over the abbreviations Ver.
Sap. suggests three ideas, all of which
must be considered, together, before it
will be safe to speculate upon any one
separately.
In this connection tisi implies,
1. Necessity or usefulness.
2. Custom or usage.
3. Employment or using.
Now, we use language, as a iieoesity, to
express our thoughts to make known
ourwants; to convey to the minds of
others the ideas that are pictured in our
minds; to impart such information as we
gather by observation and testimony.
Subtle indeed are the processes by whioh
the different languages have been devel
oped each language has nude its own
laws, and grammarians and critics have
been successful only si far as they have
discovered these laws and have submitted
all questions at their tribunal.
The more common words and form? of
expression have been, to a great extent,
the simultaneous vox populi but in our
literature, miny words and forms of ex
pression have made their appearance,
from time to time, in the speech and
writings of scholars and thinker?. The
parentage of these words arid forms has
been a passport to prmanont places
among our idioms, and Kraroruars must
conform.
This nnge determines what language
we shall use, and every grammar, worthy
of consultation, will be an impartial re
cord of this usage. Let U9 then consult
usage if we wish to use language cor
rectly or teach others.
Shall we say, and teach our pupils to
say, "a house is building," "a well is dig
ging etc. Our critic, in bis objections
to this form, has drawn mainly upon the
reduclio ad absurdum.
It is true that this active form would
h quite ambiguous in some expressions,
but those expressions are not authorizod.
But tbe supposed questions which our
critic thinks must linger like deadlv
shades around these active forms, are
mnch mora absurd than the fnrms them
selves. Who can misunderstand the
statement, "Tbe house is building
Who would ask, what is the house build
ing? What honest sexton would be
frigbtetsed from bis duty by tbe sppara'
tion of "tbe grave is digging," lest be
should be buried alive There can be
nolhing ambiguous or ridiculous in the
authorized active forms they are
stamped with the progressive spirit of the
age they exbiVt the wor-derful flexibil
ity of rur mother tongue, avoid circum
locution, and have more vivacity than the
corresponding passives.
Tbe practical Yankee comprehends
their true meaning he etij'jys their con
ciso dnd business-like aspect. Yet, we do
not advance these remarks as authorities
we appeal to good usage.
Oar best grammars notice the fact that
transitive verbs ere sometives passive,
even in the active form. 'This field
ploughs well.' 'Y iur poem te tds smooth
ly.' 'Wheat sells for a dollar a bushel.'
Parallel with the last are the expressions,
Whet is sellirg well," 'f irms are selling
low,' etc And I submit for crit-'c, 'This
grave flias eisily.'
In the same way, I conceive that the in
transitive verbs burn, beat, poy, sUle,
etf came into use.
Tbe wood burns, tVe water heats, I
have a bill to pay (to b paid), sn account
to settle, and 'an ax to grind.'
Further, it is the established practice,
in tbe progressive form, to nse the simple
participle with tbe passive signification,
unless the compound participle is abso
lutely necessary to avoid ambiguity.
I guessed that some mischief was con
trivintr.' Swifr.
'Where a new church is now building.'
Everett.
While these ffairs weie transacting in
Europe.' Bancroft.
'The fortress was building.' Irving.
'An attempt waa making in the Eng
lish Parliament.' D. Webste-.
The church now erecting in tbe city of
New York.' N. A. Review.
But, 'Where tbe new rifle-practice was
being introduced.' Atlantic Monthly.
Ytur friend is being buried.' Harper's
Magazine.
In the two last sentences the compound
form is necessary.
Says Marsh, in bis Lectures on the
Eoglish Language, Tbe phrase, 'tbebonse
is being built,' for 'tbe house is building,
is an awkward neologism, to which nei
ther intelligence, intelligibility, nor syn
tactical congruity demands, and the u-e
of which ought therefore to be discounte
nanced, 88 an attempt at the artificial im
provement of the language in a point
which needs no amendment."
Again, he says, "The participial form
WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1871.
is, in most 1 ngusges, a stumbling block
nnd makes this inquiry of the purists,
OmYt I raher to say, A blok-tbat-is
being-st.umbled-at Let us bear from
the critics. MaTHKTES.
From the London Despatch.
Horsewhipping' a Lady.
On Wednesday, at tbeShiffield Stipen
diary Court, an extraordinary case fit as
sault was preferred against Mr. Charles
Wilmott, a middle-aged man of respect
able appearance. Prisoner was charged
with havicg horsewhipped Mrs. Middle-
ton, a married lady of his acquaintance,
and was defended ny Mr, Roberts.
Prosecutrix is the wife of Samuel Mid
dleton, secretary to the firm of Messrs.
Newbold Co., and prisoner is also em
ployed by the same firm as timekeeper,
Mrs. Middlston, who appeared in court
very much disfigured hboat the face,
Stated that on Monday she was visiting a
friead's. honse, when fibe received a mes
sage that ber husbind had returned home,
and desired to see ber. She accordingly
left her friend's bouse, and was on ber
way home when shs was met by the pris
oner, who carried a heavy horsewhip in
his hand. She was passing without
speaking, when be stopped her, and ex
claimed "It is not Mr. Middleton who
wants you, but it. is me. I want ti give
you a horsewhipping," and, without more
ado, he raised th horsewhip and lashed
ber acres the f ic and bodv. She cried
out. and ran awny, but he pursued her,
and continned to lash her until she
reached ber own home.
There wre n any spectators of thfl out
rage, hut no oi.e interfered aud by the
'inriB the prif ner bad ceased beating her.
prosecutrix's dress was cut in several
places by th Iah of the whip, and she
wb9 bruised rthout the body in a shocking
mmner. Prosecutrix W'is cross-examined,
with the view of showing that she opened
iet'ers hddressed to prisoner, and had
IikHwije detained messages left for him.
The huabnnd i f the prosecutrix stated
ih it, wlien be saw bis wife, after tbe out
rage hs.d been corsmitted. she presented a
shocking appearance. Her clothes were
in tatters, her faoe wa disfigured, and
both eyes wore blackened. The magis
trate askd tha prosecutrix whether pris
oner struvk her in tbe faoo
Tho prosecutrix He did, sir.
Magistrate Actually lashed you about
the face with tbe horsewhip
Prosecutrix Yes.
It was pleaded, in extenuation, that
prisoner was not sober at tbe time the as
sault was committed, and that he had
been mnr-h provoked by the previous con
duct of the prosecutrix and her husband.
The Stipendiary commented on the bru
tal and cowardly nature of the outrage,
and sentenced prisoner to six months im
prisonment with hard labor, without the
option of a fine.
A S'lOHY BY Mi..i I WAIN. The fol
lowing story wus tol l ma by a fl!ow pas
senger, Tfhn said brt bad never been scar
ed siuon th- tinm bo b;id loaded an old
Queen Anna's imiwket for his father. Said
be
You sen the old man was trying to
teach mo to shoot blackbirds arid beasts
that tore up tho young corn and tbiugs so
that I could b of some use about tbe
farm, because I w isn't aHle to do much.
My gun was a sin jl-b;wrel shot gun, and
the old man carried an old Queen Anne
musket, that wt ighad about a ton, mak
ing a report like thundt-T clap and kick
ing like a mule. Tho old man wanted me
to shoot tbe musket sometimes, but I was
afraid. One day, theunh, I got her down,
and taking her to tbe hired man, baked
how to lond ber, because the old man was
out in the fi.-bla. Hiram said: 'Do you
ste them maiks mi tlie stork, mi X and a
V? W-U that meuos t.n balls, five
slugs tbut'- her load.'
'But bow mu h powder
'Oo,' said in-, 'ir dou'l much vjuatt. r
put in four biir.dt'ul's.'
So I loaded her tip that way, and it was
an nwul charge I had sens enough to
see that and I started out. I leveled
her on a gcod m auy birds, but every time
I pulUd tho tricer, I shut mv eye and
winked, I wis simd of her ktcit. .Toward
sundown, I fntcbed up at tho bouse aud
there was tb; old man resting on the
porch.
'Been out ttnnticg, have you
'Yes i-.' said I.
'Didn't kill iinytbiug, sit. didu't shoot
ber off. I was afraid she'd kick.'
(I koflw very well sie would
'Gimme that gun tbe eld rn-n said,
mad as sin. 'Do you see that sapling
I saw it nnd tn situ.' t dtop b -ck out of
danger. Tiir mxt moment I heard an
earthquake, aud the Queen Anne whirl-d
end over in t ti-a a:r, una u oi l m m spin
ning round on one heel, wiih on leg- up
Hfcd both hands ou his j isv, m.d tho bark
nvmg trom tf.at fee. till I'M mans
shoulder was set back four inches nnd his
jaw turned black and b!ur and be had to
lay up for thrcj d ays. I b ivt'n t been
scared since.
An Tncidknt In tin spring of 18R5
I was stopping i'l New York city. e.nd
when tbe news onn;a of tbe fall of Ricdi
mond, the prople rushed from their places
of business into Wail, William, and other
adjacent street', and soon completely
blocked tresn up, and called for speeches
Seversl of tho most distinguished men
cme forward and congratulated n on
the close of tbe war. Among the rest, a
plain looking man, apparently about fifty
years old. took a stsnd on the steps
of tho Custom IIous and began to
speak. He bad j'it fiirly begun whew
the crowd o-ub'd on', "Who are you
You talk well, t ut we don t know you.
Stepping forward a trifle, he anssvured,
in clear, ringing tonej, "I am tbe man
who endorse ell f Uncle Sam's notes,
and thank Ood, not one has ever been
protested."
It is needless to add that he wa no
other than th Hon. L. E. Chittenden, of
Burlington, Register of the Treasury
Being a Green Mountain Boy, yon can
imagine that I it It a pride I never f-lt bf-
fore, and could not, help thinking of Old
Ethan Allen, of Ticonderoga fsm'N and
comparing mm witn tne man wno en
dorsed all of Unci Sam's notes.
i UK I'HicAun v.ov. i ne tjnicago
authorities ar trying to find out how
their fire started. Among other witnesses
they have had up Mrs. O Leary the own
er of tbe historical cow. This lady tes
tified tha on the eventful night, she, her
nustiann ann rer c l'nren tiaa sul gone
to bed, when a inibhor r'Moi-d at the
door asid told them thi-ir b trn vcjis on
fire. ShH hd heard since that tha Mc
Laughlins, who lived in th? same bouse
with her, Wrre having a "social time''
that night, and a Mrs. White had told her
that oce of these McLaughlins went into
tbe barn to milk one of tbe cows. But
she didn't know whether it was so or
not. This evidence of Jllrs. O'Lnary goes
far to eu.-nce tbe skeptical critics who
have undertaken to relegate the cow and
kerosene lamp story to the domain of fic
tion. Selection.
Dean Switt said: "It is useless to
attempt to aigne a man out of a thing he
was never reasoned into."
We mount to heaven mostly on the
rnins of our cherished schemes, finding
our failures were successes. Alcott.
Lst the yonth who stasds with a
gl8 of liquor in bis hand consider which
he had better throw away tbe liquor or
himself.
If one man conquer in battle a thou
sand times a thousand men, and if an
other conquer himself, be is the greatest
of conquerors.
He who holds h c.k rising anger like
a rolling chariot, bi.ii I call a real driver:
other people ore but holding the reins.
liuaahtst Aphorisms.
Man must have, to succeed well in
life, what n known as temper, which ia
closely allied to itl. It keeps him up to
the proper pitch. A man who ia under
tempered will bend. Hepworth. m
Keligious Intelligence.
ADVENT,
-Elder Miles Grant preached in Boston, yes
terday, on "The Marriage cf the I amb."
BAPTIST
Jonathan Welch, who died, recently, in Gro-
ton, in his will left his real estate, worth some
$12,0! 0, for the benefit cf the Baptist church, of
which he nas a menibcr.
The total membership of the Bap'.Ut churches
in Vermont, as repor'ed, October, 1871, is 8,G70
Rev. 8. P. Evf-rett hs resigned as pastor of
th Baptist church in Whitirg, Mass., and has
accepted a call to Co'.eraine, Mass.
On Sunday, November 12th, ten per-.onswere
immersed and joined the Baptist church in Last
Burke. This cburch has been steadily growing
and the average attendance i about seventy-five
persons.
Eev. J. AV. Buzz jl has become pas'or of the
Baptist church at Pa3sucnp-ic.
On the first Sabbath ia November, two con
verts were baptized and one added to the church
by experience, in Johnson.
A revival is goin? on in the Bartiit church in
East Vallingford. Kev. J. P. Farrr, the pastor,
bas betn assisted in a series of meetings by Rev,
Edwin Burnham, of Massachusetts, and Eev,
Edward Mills, of Rutland.
At the recent centennial of the First Baptist
church in Cbelmfird, Mss., Rev. J. P. Fairar,
of Enst Wallingford, the seventh pattor of the
church, assisted in ths exercises, and made an
address at the social gathering.
Rev. Win. B gart, an aged minister of the
Bip'i-t church, died at Gil way, Saratoga county
New York, October 25th, at the age of 80 years,
His remains were taken to Canton, St. Lawrence
coun'y. New York. He was a bold de.fendiro
the faith as held by the Baptist denominition
He retired from pastoiat labor at the age or sev
enty.
CONGREGATIONAL.
Mr. O H. French was ordained, recently.
pastor of the Congregational Church in John,
son.
At he lat communion, the church at "Wells
River, Vt., received S'x persons to membership
Windsor Con'ernce reports, f r 187 1, twenty
minit-tjr, of which five are paVrs twenty-five
(burche", and t"tal membership 2,147 in Sab
bath School 2 1'6; average congregation 2 358
contributions 7 ,048.43 i value of church property
186,200.
Rev. John K. G .odrich, principal of the Kim
ball Union Academy, at Meriden, N. H., former
ly of Burlington, occupied tbe pu'pit of the South
Church at Newport, N. II., on Sunday last.
The Rev. Robert f-'ou'hgate has accftel a
ciU to the pas'orate of the church and society in
White River Village.
Rev. George B. Hpau'.ding, formerly of Ver
genne, occupied the pulpit of the Brrktley street
church, Boston, on Sunday last.
It wa an interesting circumstance that a
father and his two sons, all mini"ters of eminence
in the Presbyterian denomination, occupied the
pulpits of tbe First and South Congregational
churches in FiUshVM, Mbss., Nov. 19th. Rev.
Henry Neill, 13. D., preached in the South rhurcb.
an 1 his Hons, Revs. H. H. Nei:l aud H. Neil!, jr.,
in the First Church.
Rv. Ii. H. t'obb, of Sprinpileld, preached at,
8imonvilIe, in the ton of Audover, l tst Sab
bath. Rev. II. O. DeWilt, tliu Evangclibt, is hold
ing pro'racted meetings at Berkshire Centre, Vt.,
atid a p iKorful revival is in progress,
EPI-.C 11'Al,.
A firewdl meet ir g io the interest of the
Italian Church Reform Mnvunmt, was he'd in
the Church of the Transfiguration. New York.
in Sundiv evening, November 2rth, on the oc
casion of the sjjeedy departure for Italy of tne
Rev. Wm. Chauncy Landon, Foreign Secretary.
Addr-tM-es were maJe by the Rev. Mr. I.angiion,
Dr. Osgool, and the Rev. Mi. Gray.
At the farewell rrceptinn given in New York,
to the Ivr j Bishop of Lichfield, England, liuhoo
Odenheimer gave him, on behalf of the Alumni
of the (ie cr il Thologic il JSeruinary, an elepant
cop of 'he Book of Common Prayer, which i -a
roe what dilfrrent, in ci me office, Irom that of
the Chuich of Eujjiari.l.
The Rev. J. Mil'on li t, and his parish at
Dam ille, Penn., with several o'hsr re- tors and
priiih-s in ihe new I'ioC'-s-e if Centr d Penrs 1
va a, arc i omnienrVd by the ''(o.yW Mr.f
ger" as ri-prescntntive men and parishes m that
promising Diocese.
Bt.hop Bissell Us.ue-1 a Pastoral Letter to his
Clergy aud Kariahes requesting contribution, on
ThDkivir g dy, for the im; overi-hed churches
in Chicago.
Bishop Il'iane, of Albany, i sutd a Pastoral
Li ttr to his CI' rsry and Parishes, requesting
contribution, on Thmk-t iving day, for th Or
phanage at (V.oper-t jwn, N. Y lately estab
lished by the l ev. 1). H. Buel, a fiTtr.er rtctor of
St. Taul's Chun h, B ir ii;;ton, Vr.
The Oo.-pel Mtttfeittjei; of TTMoa, is, on Jan
uary lst, to change t d t'T', publishers, and ioca
tiun, on is removal to Syiacu e. 1's present
able crittr, th-Eev. Dr. Gibson, in to be one of
the new editors 'nl owners of the Church Jour
nal, of New York, which is 'o be much improved
and wor'l y its position as (he church jsprof
the MetropotU of the United States.
Thf D 'e mber nnmbt r of the Spirit of Mis
sions, New York, is to b- a J .bi ee number, this
being the Missi mary Jubilte year of the Chirrh.
It i t contain the sena'in and addresses at tba
Jobi;ee af. Baltimore, in October, vith a fie
simile of th celebrated letter of Euphrasia of
Greece, to her si-icr convert, Minnehaha of Da
kota, ant Dean norsn's addrcs on oimn'i
work in the church. A por'raii f ihe illu-tiious
Selwyn, Ixrl Bishop of Lic'.fl.-lJ. may a hi bs
expected. He is said to be the fi-l hom lii-hop
of the Church i f Kr-glird that has trodden the
America i foil
LLBi:rt4i. c nuisriAN.
Rev. W. S. Palcb, formerly of E jiliaw, bus
removed from Hinsda'e to Egin, Illinois.
Rev. 11 R. Nye, pastor of tt. Paul's Univer
salis. Cbu'ch, in Springfield, Mas"., has received
a all from the Church of Our Father, at Brook
lyn, N. Y of whi'-h he was pastor from 1SV1 to
1857, and he will probably accept,
Eev. Geo. P. Guertsay will prf aih at Caven
dish en Dec. 10th and Dec. 21th, mid i Shrews
bury Dec. 17ih aud Dec 31st,
The rejuvenated Vt ioa ChuTch at Deity
Line was dedicated ty religious services on
Thursday last. Eev. Mr. Hansford, Weslcyan
minister of Kanstead, pn ach"d in the foicuo n,
and was as-isted in the servics by Eev. J. Rogers,
Congregational minis'or of Stanstead, and Rev.
Messrs. Tompkins and Rowsod, Wesley an minis
ters. Eev, Mr. Tabor, Universalist minister of
Norway, My., preached in the aft -moon, assisted
in the services by Rev. Mes-rs. Rogers, Hetley,
Blake and Hansford. The attendance was large
an 1 the s rvices impressive and acceptable. The
Universal'sts own one-half of the church, and in
tend to hold services in it their share of the time.
The church stands In Veimont within thirty rods
of the Canada lme.
The qnota assigned to the Vermont Univer
salist Convention by the General Convention for
missionary work, is $500.
METHODIST.
The Methodist Ministerial Ass ic'ation of the
St. Albarjs district, will Meet at Rirhford, com
mencing Tuesday evening, January 9th, and con
tinuing through Thursday.
The St. JoLnsbary District Sabbath School
Institute takes place Dec. 5 and 6,
The Montpelier Preachers meeting takes
place at North field, DdC. 12th, 13th and Uth.
The Troy Annual Conference of the M. E,
church, will hold its next session in Saratoga,
commencing March 23 h, 1S72, Bishop E. S.
Janes, presiding.
The Methodists of Ludlow have fecured a
hall for public worship on tha Sabbath.
OKMEBAL.
The premium offered some time s'nre by Rev.
I. P. Warren, D. D for the best 8unday School
book, has been awarded to Mrs. Miry Dwinell
Chel is of Newport, N. H. Rov. Dis. I. N. Tar
box and B. K. Pierce, and Mrs. 8. G Ashton were
the committee. The book will be entitled,
"Father Merrill."
A brinch of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation is now established in Danville.
Mr. Samuel Pass has presented the Christian
Society of West Randolph with an elegant chan
delier for the'r church.
CATHOLIC.
St. Mary's Catho'ic Church at Por'smouth, N.
H., was entirely destroyed by an incendiary fire,
Sunday n'ght, with the residence of the priest,
adjoioin?. Tbe less is $12,000, with an insuranc
of $10,C00.
At the recent fire in Portsmouth, N. H., the
Mter of Rev. T. Canon Walsh, and the o'her
members ot the family in the parsonage, were
first awakened by the criea of a parrot tba'.
screamed tha servant's name and "fire fire
They barely had time to tave part of the r cloth
ing and portion cf their furniture.
The exercises attendant on laying the corner
stone of the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion in Lowell, Mass., on Tuesday afternoon lat,
attracted an immense concourse of people. Ji'gni
Keverend B shop Williams of Boston, and Fath
ers O'D.-nnell and Millett of Nashua, Foley ot
Fitchburg, Filzpatrick cf Steneham, Qaaley Of
Woburn. Barrv of Concord. N. H., the various
priests of Lowell, and Eev. Mr. Lonergan of
Montreal, part ic' rated. The latter delivered a
most eloquent and impressive address. The va
rious Catholic orsranizationg of the city were also
In attendance the Lowell Cornet Band and tbe
Fitchburg Band furnished instrumental, ana a
choir of male voices the vocal music. The exer
cises continued nearly two hours, notwithstand
ing tbe intense cold.
Cavcudisli.
Thanksgiving day passed fey much. 88
usttal. There was now and then some
one seen a little too merry, bat no disturb
ance occurred. The local train demolished
about twenty feet of onr platform on
Wednesday evening, and occasioned some
hours delay of trains. The accident was
caused by breakage, setting of! the rails
several cars and j learning up things gen
erally. The passengers delayed received
every attention possible from, our gentle'
manly station agent, Mr. S. E. Knight,
formerly of Fairhavfin.
Our winter schools begin Monday
and judging from the ordeal through
which the teachers have to pass in order
to s,ecnre certificates, the "wieldera of
birch" will be well 'qualified to exhibit
the characteristics of old Job, if nothing
more. Candidates for examination ere
kept at work from 9 a. m till 8 p. m., and
have invariably been rewarded in the
and. Written examinations, long exam
ples, etc., are perhaps all well enough, bat
it srikes ns that an individual with an
ordinary amount of understanding could
examine, orally, an applicant and tell
whether thst individual oonld or could
not keep fcchool, in from one to two hours
at most. All those little catches and sub
terfue indulged in by many examiners,
and easily perceived by most teachers, are
absolute nonsense.
John F. Deane, E.sq has recently
formed a partnership with C. A. Wilson
of Maine. Peane was graduated from
the Vermont University, and has tbe rep
utation of being one of tho best lawyers
in the State. Mr. Wilson is a diligent
student and understands his profession
well. He has already had considerable
experience and bids fair to win for Limself
an enviable reputation.
Wm. L. Morrison has expended about
eleven thouaiud dollars upon hi premises
and now has one of the finest dwellings
in onr village.
A. (Il)skell Las recently put in a
a steam mill and is doivg a thriving buui
ness. A singing school has been opened by
Mr. Luwrecce of Springfield, which is
well attended.
Wa need a course of lectures. None
hive rein given here for some years. Who
will engage in this work There are
m :ny good lecturers who would appear
and give good satisfaction for the moder
ate sum of $25. We have no lycenm
but plenty of tilent, enough to make at
least a lyceum an active, lively institu
tion. Such a literary gathering is, in our
opinion an index of thrift and refinement.
We rei'tet to see these old customs dying
out in our community, and the question
whii.'h naturally suggests itself, i?,
"Whit'ier aro wo drifting But hope
no neighboring village will answer back,
"It would be profans to say."
Business is remarkably good. Pork
era are expiring in cumbers. The weath
er for the past month has baen very va
rious. Tho mot intense cold has pre
vailed for ievtral days. No such Novem
ber hero for years. 3Iire anon. CLIO.
Wallisgford Graded School.
On Friday the 2-i'h, the fall term of onr
graded school closed with an examination
in each of tho threa departments, under
their re.-pective teachers. Frof. Otis S.
Juhaa,n, our accomplished principal, has
taken chnrgf! of tbo high school. Though
he has been among us but a few months,
be has endeared hirnsdf to all by his
gmtli'nvmly deportment, and his devo
tion to the brr-t interests of the school.
He. is t.n ffi int teacher, and one of
larg" experience, and ha been very sue
c?s-fnl in his former fitld of labor. He
has, ii a msrkerl decree, those qualities,
rnoi'al. intellectual and rocial, that render
hin hotu red nun li' loved by hi pupils,
Tb e number of student in the high
school is 4, it whom 22 live out of the
d tstrict.
Tho txtrciecs, throughout, wero of a
very icstrnctivs character. The recita
tior.s nhor.-.'d a high order of scholarship,
giving evidence of b ird study and thor
u:h work. The elissci in Lutin, arith-
ru.'tic, ulgtfltra, geometry, Guyot'e geogra
i-hv, with in ip, drawing scd natural
pbihis'-phy, f-r thf readiness and uniform
oorrectnfss of their answers, deserve
special ccmuitnd ition. The "reading in
concert," by n large portion of the school,
"The Laborer," lesecn and "The Etern
ity of God," lsn&n 43, in the Progrefeive
Fifth Ketider, was ;i most inter sting and
imtresTiivo exercie.
The princip-tf. submits the following re
port
There have ben 133 pupils in the three de
partments; averafje, 118.
The whole number in the high school was 45
average, 40 36-57. Six have attended throughout
the term with no mirks of absence or tardioess
Johnny Miller, A. H, Ppencer, fcimon Willard,
Addie L. Edgerton, Carrie Marsh and Addie F,
Smith.
Two have attended everyday, and have been
tardy only once Charlie Bitceller and Sarah
E. Bardwell. Three nn'y twice tardy, Edwin E.
Rogers, H-jlert Bowers and Jess'e Waldo. Two
Urdy three times, Wil ie C. Bull, Willie Smith.
Willie Clark, has bf en present every day, malting
14 that have not been absent thrangbout the
term. Emma J. Parker has been absent only
one half tUy. William H. Shaw entered the
serond week of th term and bas not been absent
twice trdy. Charles P. 8mith entered the sec
ond wee and bas been neither absent nor raidy.
Tho following deserve mention for a gyoi degree
of punctuality Btella Clark, Mary Martindale,
Emma Preston, Marcella Stafford, Marion E,
Bteward and Emma Whitcomb.
Thanks are due the pupils and parents
for t;heir eo-cperation and cordial support.
Tfee intermediate department has been
nnder the tuition of Mies Lanra E.
Marsh, our former teacher, who has ever
shown herself to be a faithful instructor.
She repeats the whole number of scholars
was 42 The average attendance 3728 37,
Those having no absenees, Amanda Allen,
Cora Glenon, Nellie Kingsley, Mary Pooler,
Mary Waldo, Herbert Barrett, Johnnie Kings
ley, Frankie Mattiaon and Horace W1U.
Absent but one flay, Julia Clark, Hattie Cole,
Ella Earle, Mary Sabine, Michael Toohey and
Marion Whittaker.
Not having been tardy, Amanda Allen, Cora
Barber, Julia Clark, Annie Cole, Hattie Cole
Ella Earle, Cora Oleason, Mary Pooler, Mary
Sabine, Minnie Stafford, Mary Waldo, Eusan
Moore, Herbert Barrelt, John Clark. John Cole
ErankienigglnB, Frankie Mattiaon, Peter Rey
nolds and Horace Weils.
The primary department ha been un
der tbe care of Mhs Rboda Congdon.
The advancement made by her pupil,
during the term, gives good evidence that
she is a careful end pains-taking teacher.
This ia her second term. She reports ee
follows
Whole number of pupil, 4S average attend
ance 89 93-117.
The name cf those not having been absent are
HanieBradley, SherrieCongdon, Hughcy King
lev and Alfred Reynolds.
Not having been tardy, Adora ureen, Jaary
V'rlr. Alflirh B. nwav. Birnev Bat- heller, Micbaei
Cipeltces, Sberrie Congdon. Bertia cook, r
nilL Hulett Jadson. David Kel'y, Hiifhey
Kiniraley. Alfred Rejnolds, Eollis Eeyno'as,
Thomas Rutherford, Charlie Shum, Arthur
Waldo. Eugene Moore.
Only once tardy, Jennie Congdon, Anna Cot.
Henry Ballou, Harry Bradley, Peter Cota, Carlos
Fari?o. Cecil Hirris. Ned Scribner. Teddie
Toohev. Matt Tifrnan.
Absent one-half day, Fsnnie Sheldon, M.
Capelices, Ned Scribner, Artie Waldo.
The winter term will commence Mon
day, December 11th. Tha following
changes have been made in tbe board of
instruction Teacher of the intermediate
department, Mii-B Helen M. Townsend
primary department, Miss Mattie Sher
man. p-
Resolution on tbe Men Hi of Hod
Loyal C. Kellogg.
At a meeting cf tbe citizens of Benson,
the following resolutions were adopted in
respect to the memory of their honored
fellow citizen, Hon. Loyal C. Kellogg
Whbbeas, It has pleased an All-wise Provi
dence to cil), by deitb, from our midet, our
revered and honored tiiund and townsman. Judge
L. O. Kelt 'eg
Resolved, That in h's death the town ra lot
one of its firmest and most devo'ed friends; the
State a distinguished and honorable son; a wise
and able legislator, and the Bar and Bench ote
of the'r brightest ornaments.
Resolced, That we regime in the lif and
character of Judge Kellogr, a true nobility.
Firm and undaunted in the pursu't of ju-tbe
andriKht.no temptation ciuld mive him from
the pvh of lectttude an! honor.
Besotted, That w wi l cherish hi memory In
fontf grateful remembrance, an oie who has hon
ored m, in his example and life, and of whom it
may be most truly said, "He lives long who lives
well."
Besotted, That we tender to the deeply afflicted
and porrowi"g family, our warm-st fjmpthy.
Besotted, That a copy of these resolutions be
sent to the family, and to the Rutland Hheald
for publication.
Southern Division of Whitehall
AND FLATTSBUKGn AND ADDISON RAIL
ROADS. The managers of the Vermont
Central Railroad have i"-ued a time table
for two trains each way daily over thie
division of their road, between Port Hen
ry and Leicester Junction, to take eff-ct
to-day, bnt a circular, later, from the man
agers notifies the public that the running
of trains will not commence today and
not until further notice. We hope thi
notice will come soon it cannot come too
soon for our friends across the like, as
they are very impatiently waiting for the
opening of the line nviation having
closed tbe south end of tho lake the open
ing of this railroad will be a great relief
to them.
BrATTLEBOUO. The annual
fillrige
meeting takes plce Do. 4th.
Twenty-two c welling hout-es have
been erected in this village in the past
year twelve in '-Ety villa." The cost is
about SDO.000.
At tbe recent annuil meeting of the
Ladies' Benevolent Society of the Bipi-
church, it was reported that nearly f 300
had been collected during the yeir.
The Supreme Court has ju-t rendered
a decision in the c-seof Gnre Newman,
treasurer of the town of Brattleboro, vs.
S. M. Wite, cii-hier of the First Nition il
Bank, of this place, to recover penalty for
refuiotr to ninka return of stockholders
to the town clerk. The case cimo before
the County Court, and ws de ided in
favor of the b ink, on the ground cf limi
tation of ttitute. A demurrer was en
tered and the case carried to the Supreme
Court, where the demurrer is eu-tained
and a verdict rendered in favor of plain
tiff. A rare and singul ir bird, for Ver
mont, was caught by Mr. Maxwell Bcmis,
in the vicinity of Brittleboro, on one of
the stormy mornings recently, near the
Connecticut river. It is knowo to orni
thologists as Alca alle. Lath., or the. Sea
Dove, Greenland Djvc, Little Ank, Littl-
Guillemot, Ice Bird, Pigeon Diver, etc.
It is peculiarly an Arctic bird, as its na
tivity is within the Arctic circle, and it is
found most numerous as the pole is ap
proached.
Bellows Falls. Efforts to form a
lyceum in this plice are in pro-jres.
The Island Ilouf e is well patronized
this winter by permanent hoarders and
transient guests.
It is undcrstooi that the Mt-ssrs
Russell have decided to build another
paper mill in addition to thosa they hive
built the pust season.
Two fellows were arrested and fined
$5 each, last week, f r riotous conduct at
the depot. This i said to ba the begin
ning of a campaign for executing the 1-iw
and maintaining tbe peace.
Injured. Wm. Trusell, a brakeman
on the Valley Riilroad, was severely in
jured on Thursday afternoon, being struck
on the forehead by a bridge near Putney
station, while standing npon a freight car.
The top of his head was completely
scalped; a half an inch higher, and he
wonld probably have been instant'y
killed while half au inch lower and he
would probably have escaped all harm
He belongs in Charle.itown, N. II., was
taken home that night, ard will probably
recover.
KUTLAND KAILROAD. A new time
table goes into effect on all divisions cf
the Vermont Central Railroad tc-day.
Trams leave and arrive at Rutland as
follows.
Leave Rutland. GoiDg Nortli
night express 1.55 a. m., mixed 5.C0 a. m.
mail 3.45 p.m. day expres 5 05 p m. Going
East. Night express 12.45 a. m mixed
4.30 a. m., mail 11.50 a. m., mixed 5 00 p.
m.
Arrive at Rutland From Korth
Night express 12.25 a. m., mail 11 35 a.
m., day express 12 50 p. m., mixed 8.00 p.
m. Front Easl.ltight express 1.40 a.
m., mixed 9 00 a. in., mail 3.25 p. m.,
mixed 8.30 p. m.
East LTcbbardton. At the social en
tertainment recently given by the Sab-
oatn School, connected with the Bantiat
church, at East Hnbbardlon, forty-for,r
dollars were realized, to be expended for
replenishing their library.
Ihe school desire to tender iaair thanka
to Misses Grinnol, Harris nd Ostrander.
Mr. and Mrs. Parker and Mr. A. Dike-
man, for assistance in making the enter
tainment a success. r a
A run of mineral tint has bn
earlhtd near Jerome, Iowa, which Is from
tW3 to four feet thick unA 4....
feet below the earface.
Rutland Contribution to Chicago
It ia with pleasure we lay before r..
readers the correspondence of Hon.
Lutber Darjuls, Chairman of th
Committee, and Mayor Mason of Cbic-uro
acknowledging Kutland s contribution ot
relief to Chicago.
mr. dasiel8 letter.
Rutland, Vt. Nov. 22, 187 1.
Dear Sirs: In addition to the cloth
inar and material forwarded you by the
Indies of our village, our people have con
tributed in money the sum of fourteen
hundred dollars, which is deposited in the
National Bank of Rutland, eutject to
your order. With heartfelt fymyatby
tor the sad disaster which has befallen
your noble city.
We remain.
Sincerely your friends,
Lcturr Daniels.
Chairman It-lief Committee.
To the Chicago Relief and Aid Society,
Chicago, Illinois.
MATOR MASON'S LETTER.
Chicago Bri.rrr akd Aid Rottttt, i
tHiCAOO Nov 29, 1871. i
L. Daniels. Efq Rutland, Yt.
Dear Sir In accordance with your
favor to the Chicago Relief and Aid
Society of the 22i instant, I have drawn
in their fvor, upon the N-ttional Bnk
of Rutland, for tbe sum cf fourteen hun
dred dollars.
riease accept yourself ard ennvpy to
the generous citizens of Rutlxnd, the
warmest thanks of onr afflicted people,
for this liberal and timely donation, find
lso for the sapply of clothing forwnrded
for the use of those of onr population
who are thus suddenly reduced from a
life of cemfort to a state of utter destitu
tion. I enclose with this a circnlar recently
ii-sued by the above society, which will
enable yon to appreciate, t sune extent,
the mfljjrnitude of thu wnrk involved in
the administration of this ureat charity
and I nfei hardly assura yna that the
members of the society wnn'd bave
bruuk from so vast a re-pcnibility bad
they not been cheered and -upprted by
nch aotive and prat;cal sympathy Hi
you have shown, in common with our
brethren in humanity in all parti of the
civilized world.
Yours truly, R. B. Mason,
Mayor of Chicago.
Dedication and Xli!tk.girlii; Itall
til Ltiilluw Hail.
The dt die .tion of the magnificent hall
of Whitcornt Atherton proved to be tn
occi-ion of uuu-ual interest and brillian
cy. Tho entertainment opened with a
concert by the G-rnnni Bind of Boston,
who dipcoursed the finest mu-io ever en
j iyed in Ludlow. This land is well de
serving of its hitfh reputation, and it re
flcts great credit oa Me-srs. W. A. in
procuring such a ban3, as it is very rira
that Vermuters have an opportunity of
hearing muic up to thii standard.
Tbe concert was very wdl attended
nd was followed by a bIl where all tho
devotees of Terpsichore found a mnt fa
vorable opportunity to pay their homage
at her shrine. Conidrring the inclm-nt
weather there ws a full attendance, not
only from our own town, but from vari iu
urrouudinif towns, and under the in-j ir
ing muio of tbe bind happineM setme.1
to reign mprrnie.
Then comes tbe supper furnished hy
Mes-rs. noc Moore of the Ludlow
Qoue, aud such a snpptr. It 'ttw what
an epicure, roiht rj 'ice ia. It not only
embraced all the luxuries the conn'ry nf
forded. tut many fn.rn the ci'y. Mrf-,-rs.
H. tfc M. fairly ou'd ne thenjselvfS, t-ii:l
that is saying eou-id-rable Evertli:.g
seemed to pa-s fT to tl 0 en'ire catisfdCMcu
of nil concerned. The ldi.'H as u-ual
came ont in a v-iri-ty of ta-ty and pltas
ion mtire.
Ludlow Hill, which is cow opf-n for
public, entert -.ioments i p'ob-iMy th
fitiot vet completed in the State.
Scientific I'limmcliiig.
THE MACS AND COECUN FIGnT SETTLED
Another Fizz'.e-lh-y Mei, lae ir.
L'irj' Amount of date Afoney and fji.
riite the Spoil Wi'houl JLirm'r.g F.ar
Other The Fee'ing in the CV.'v Ihe
''SjWrts" Disgusted
The Mace Coburn fi,;ht took place al
New Orleans on Tbur-day morniosr. At
an ear y hour the pp"rtirg fraternity of
the city were congregated, about the r. il
road depot from which thu excursion r
were to etart. The trains were crowded
by a rourfh gnng of puiiix's Hnd poli
tician, with many citizens of all grudt-s.
The rinir whs pitched at a sput nbont
i'8 milt-s from the city. Ma'-e w-s wc
ouded by James Curii k ard Tom Allen.
Mike C-ihurn and Tom K-lly were iu
Cob-uri.V corner. Sherman Thurston was
referee by previous appointment. The
riettinsr around the ring s:de was 100 to
40 and 30 on Mace.
THE BEGINNING.
At seven o'clock, all being in readine-.
the men entered the ring and stripped.
The air was very cold, bnt tbe two giart
of bone and muscle did not seem to fetl
it. As they stood np in their respective
corners waiting for the signal to bcitin,
one could not help being struck with
their manly beauty Knd strentrth, and it
seemed a pity that they should ut their
gifts to snch a shameful use. Maces -ev.-ed
to show the best training, hv flh
beinar bard, white and gloesy, but C iturc
looked very well. 8nd see ait 3 oiifid-tit.
TnE FIOHT.
The gladiators then advanced tr.J
shook hands, and the 2bt begun iu exre
est. The crowd of tpectatoas wre sil-nt
for a few moments, and watcbed in'ently,
but their characteristic bantering, pro
fanity and running comment on ihe con
test tonn broke out. In th first and SfC
ond rounds Mace had decidedly the let
ter of it. The third was mi r favorable
to Oobnrn, the fourth being about ev 'O.
Eirly in tbe fijjtit. Mace, in wres'lifjr
clos' to tbe ropes, fell against a s'ak-'.
breaking bis arm. This compelled hira
to assume a defensive policy, which he
maintained for four hours, and at the
c inclusion of eleven rounds it was mani
fest thut there would be no decisive re
sa't, as Mace had no arm for ff-nsiva
purposes, though be was able to wftrd fl
Cohurn's blows, and it was agreed to c.
the fight a draw.
This result was by no means satiff'?
tory to the crowd who went out to see
the fnn. as everybody wanted to see it
fonght cut.
ANOTHER ACCOUNT.
Tb fight lasted four boors pu3 ten
minutes. Tbe men were q" ally tire 1
out, and it was decided to ch', ic a dra.
Mace says Coburn is tbe bst man he ever
fonght.
It was one of tvj0 finest fights er-r
kuown in this country for the loverf of
the manly art. They bad eleven round
time, three tKirtv-tbree min
utes. No knock downs first tho d for
aiace. it ended in a draw. Cot-urn
provod himself a fighter, standing P te
re the best man in tbe worM, n
only beaten once, and hs been many
fine the weather rainy.
New Branch of Industry Hecp-
poles in lurue quantities ar now broutf
trom Virginia to Philadelphia tot
ment to the West Indies. A fi'
Northern gentlemen bavaaforce of J
band- employed in wVi cnt boop
near New Canton, 63 miUs west of K'ca
motd. Tbe boop poles are triiisi o"e
by the James River csn.l to Ruhmc
and that point are transferred to
and arriving at Philadelphia, are
bhipped to the West Indies.