THE OSKALOOSA HERALD.
“TWENTY-ONE YEARS OLD.”
How proud the boy feels when the
mantle of a Mam tails upon his
shoulders, and he proclaims to the
world, wiih a certain haughty tl »ur
i>*h of his hand, ‘*l am twenty one.
Ho a proud the iadf r and mother
te< 1 when that boy,(-t he conducts
himself as a son shout*!) whom but
yesterday was a babe at the breast
proclaims himself “twenty one 1 ami
able to vote. It seems incredible to
those fond parents that it is true, but
figures that will not deceive are called
into account and they mu«t ackuowl
edge it. Why then, if an individual
is proud of acquiring his majority,
may not a newspaper be also proud
On the 2d day of July, 1850, the
first No of the llkrald was issued,
and® consequently was tw nty-one
years old last July. The first pub
lishers were John R. Needham, and
Hugh McNeely, the former being
the editor; the material was brought
from Cambridge, Ohio, ami was
about as badly dilapidated as we
generally see, if we may judge from
the appearance of the paper. The
type consisted of pica and bre
vier, with scanty fonts of either.
The paper was a little six column
sheet, (less than one half its present
size) and was called 7'he loxca Her
aid.'* The name was soon changed
to “Oskaloosa Herald,” which it
has borne ever since. For the first
vear or two the office was located in
a frame building on the south side of
the Square, whi ;h etood on the cor
noriotnow occupied by J. H. Green
Co., and which was burned in Sep
tember, 1868.
Below we publish entire the “Sa
lutatory” found in No. 1, and out
readers in‘perusing it w ill compare
the Oskaloosa ot that day with the
0.-kaloosa of this, and we think how
ever marked the difference in the
two pictures of town and county, it
cannot possibly be more so than the
contrast between the llerai.d office
of July 2, 1850, and that of Novem
ber 16, 1871. Read the following
•To the Patrons of the Herald
“Iu issuing the first No. of the Herald
the publishers couimeuce hd enterprise
widen they hope will commend
ltiv.tr ot every citizen of Mahaska and sur
rounding counties.
“We are fully sware that the publication
of a newspaper in u m*wly Kellie 1 counir
with a comparatively sparse population. i
Dt-Ceßtettriiy tttt*n.bil v\: nil I v di« tdv in
tages. and not unfi q 1 U i .Is i receive
that liberal Mtpp rl. wlt: lie, acu dlv n<*e
cssary to carry on the business of m fll
hut know tug the enterprising spjrn dt«
playot try the citizens ot our town and
county, which is rapidly gr rwtng into im
portauce; and viewing the mpdity won
whien our vast and beatmful prairt s h »v«
been converted from the wandering places
ot the savage, to the waving grain fi Ids
a civilised nation, and their puny wig
warns of rushes and hark, changed for the
stately mansions ot a prosperous and hap
py people; and looking forward to the
last approaching period when our already
thriving town will be filled with the nojs<
and bustle o' rapidly increasing business,
and perhaps with the hum and din ot ma
chiuery and w hile the country is so rich
in agricultural and manufacturing advan
tages not known in many of the older
States,we can but believe that our citizens
will willingly and freely' advance tln-ir
own and our interests by lending us their
liberal support, thereby enabling us In re
turn to give them a paper worthy of their
patronage.
“We shall, by the dissemination of such
knowledge as is calculated to promote vir
tuc, maintain justice, and advance the pros
perity of our country, expect to make the
Herald a useful sheet; and one which
will be heartily welcomed in every family.
“Believing in the doctrine that the hap
piness and prosperity of a people depend,
to a very great extent, ou their virtue and
intelligence, we shall feel bound to advo
cate the interests of common schools, col
leges, and other institutions, which have
for their object the promotion of science
an i morality.
“Without being sectarian, we shall ever
be the frieads ot morality and religion.—
not for a moment doubting, that rectitude
of conduct, which is absolutely necessary
to our welfare us a people, depends upou
our luith in the precepts of the Bible.
“As citizens uud freemen, we shall, when
cailed upon, freely and boldly advocate
our own sentiments, not in a spirit of cou-
Untious strife, but by giving iu all kind
ness, the reasons aud grounds upon which
we tound our belief.
“The principles of the Whig party, be
ing, in our opinion, better calculated to
promote the welfare aud advauce the inter
cats of our country than those oi any older,
we shall, “without quarrHiog with any
man for opinion’s sake, aud by avoiding
the bitterness of lattiou,” ireely und fear
lessly, advocate the doctrine aud measures
of the Whig party, and use every honors
ble means lo lorwuid its interests, aud ele
vate its members to the offices of the coun
try.
personalities -nd invective shall be
studiously avoided, nor shail we conde
scend to enter liie list ot combatants who
deal in vulgar epithets, as weapons ot war
fare, rather than in arguments ba9ed on
reason uod good seuse. A contest of rail
ing, rather than of principle, we look upou
beneath the dignity of iutelligeut be
iDgs.
Political trickery aud the abuse ot
character, can never change our notions ot
the manner iu which government should
be administered and we think, we too
well kuow tbe virtue aud patriotism otoui
readers, to barbor tor a moment, a thought
a*) foolish, as to suppose them capable of
being influenced favorably by such a
course.
“Tne lIfcKALD. tines forth free from the
dictation of auy and nil SrCtS, or
cliques. It will at all limes take hd» cided
gland in favor of the ruitu* ot Hie mass-
trains* the aggression ot me few.
•‘Although br>adly and utuvmpromis
icglv Whig, we '•hall expert advocate
our politic 1 view* without wrangling with
any man, and by ohser\ ing that due regard
which we should have r>r the opinions of
others.
•In each is-ue of our paper will be given
the late**, intelligence of parting events.—
T;ie doings of our Btat»* and N itional Leg
id-it tires, when in session, will be as fully
noticed as space in our columns will per
mit.
I'lie development of the vast resources
of our country rich in mineral and vege
table products, is h work of no ordinary
importance, and should receive a great
er share of attention than hns yet
been devoted to it by the press of tfif
west. Particular a'tention will therefore
be given to the promotion of agriculture
which is the great source of our prosperi
ty, wealth, and independence
“The usual variety of literary and mis
cellaneous matter, will, from time to tim.*,
be found in the column* “f ’he Herald
Put without farther particularizing, we
shall eatUMTfor :o promote the various in-
U-'rests of this community, by the dissemi
nation of such information, as may be
thought useful, and by adv eating that
course of conduct best calculated to insure
the happiness of all.
••To our brethren of the Press, we shall
ev* r extend that courtesy and charity
that we will expect to receive at their
bands, and nothing, we hope will ever
trail-pi re to mar that good feeling, which
ihould be exercised towards each other.
We have thus given a brief outline of
Jz
jK'Ofcrofli'ty of our fellow ci'Uens without
respect to party.
Those who have been readers nt
t Le llebai.d duriee the twenty one
years that have elapsed since :he
ibove was written, can bear witness
b „w faithfully the paper under its
various proprietor.. b« hep the
S'XT ofr Whig and
Republican parties, it ha- worked
for their success untirmgly an.l
cod so much did it accou,.
p ,tsh during
the Democratic county oi
i
Thursday. November 16, 1871.
Salutatory.
then aud there gave its first Whig
majority. During its twenty-one
years of life, it never bolted a ticket,
never by word or deed threw a straw
in the way ol the nominations, be
lieving, whether the editors were
p*rs mally satisfied or not, that the
majority, whether delegates or bal
lots should always rule.
I’lie twenty one years that have
elapsed since the Herald was born,
have been eventful ones, and the pa
per has endeavored faithfully to re
cord the news, and fulfill its mission.
lowa were then a wilderness, the
notne of the wild beast and the wild
er red man. Its vast, fertile prair
ies were almost unbroken. The hum
ble cot of the pioneer alone broke
the monotony. Not a mile of rail
road had it in its borders. Not a
public improvement, —now it is the
most promising State in the L nion.—
More than two thousand miles of
railroads cross it in every direction,
and double as many more are last
nearing completion. The telegraph
reaches every village in the land.—
Public buildings,such as a State occu
pying its position should possess are
finished or building, and its devel
oped agricultural and mineral re
sources warrant the assertion that a
richer State does not exist. Mahaska
has passed through changes propor
tionally as great and has a future
equally brilliant.
The National panorama of that
time passes before us, and Fillmore,
Pierce, Buchanan, Lincoln and
Johnson with their administrations
take seats in the past. Slavery, the
hydra headed monster that ruled the
land iu 1850 has passed away, and
the black ra in who then w ith fear
and trembling as he sought aland of
Freedom, only dared travel settle by
wavs and hidden paths at night even
in lowa, is now an American citizen,
possessing equal rights with his for
mer owner. Wars have ensued,
blood has been shed, hearthstones
have been made desolate; but Right
has triumphed, and no true Ameri
can regrets that we have the country
of to-day, rather than that of 1850.
Six years ago to-day, Novem
ber 16, 1865 fresh from three years'
service in Uncle Sam’s armies, the
present proprietors bought an inter
est in the Herald office, which then
consisted of a Washington hand
press,an old Wells jobber, and a lot of
worn out primer and brevier, without
•i good job font itt the office. Two
ve irs la‘**r, with our partner Col. C.
W. Fisher, we bought a large sized
Potter Power Pre->, and a large
amount *>t job ty e, and since that
time we have added to our stock un
til four fine pres-cs, ore hundred and
titty fine job {tints, ami good hotly
type in abundance arc ours; and for
the first time since the paper started,
has a building of its own, into which
it will to-aay be moved. It started
with a circulation of about 200. To
day it sends greeting to 2000 patrons
and at least 12,000 readers, and is
cue of the largest papers iu the State.
Twenty-one ye irs have changed
things in Oskaloosa, and the faces
'hat greeted the Herald when i» h
first little sheet was issued have many
of them disappeared, and others, who
like ourselves, were troublesome
boys of six or eight, and greeted the
paper “made at home” with wonder
ment, have taken the place of those
oid familiar landmarks, and are pat
rons of the paper their parents sub
scribed for then. Some of those old
stand bys have gone to other climes,
many have fought the good fight
and passed over the river, and a few
yet remain to read the paper to-day.
THE IOWA SOUTHWESTERN R. R.
The reports in circulation in this
community relative to the lowa
Southwestern, have caused much un
easiness, and elicited many ‘I told you
soV from would be wise men who
can predict when they think they see
a consummation, better than any
thertime. For our part we do not feel
the least uneasiness about the ulti
mate success of the project, and have
no doubt the company will titl its
contract and reach us on time.
When we heard of the Chicago fiie
and its vast destruction, our tii>t
thought was of the lowa Southwes
tern, but when it continued week af
ter week to work right along we
hoped the great disaster might not
aff-ct it; but it appears from the fol
lowing letter, written by one of the
Engineers oa the hue, to the lowa
City Press, that the fire lias caused
the trouble
“Cedar River,
N-<v. 5 ii 1871.
Ed Press —Various rumors are rife as
lo Hie cause ol llie suspension ot work on
ill*- 1. S. K. It. 1 *Jeem ii propel la stale
Dial Hie work uas been stopped for ibe
*Viuter bec-tuse llie money necessary to
csriy on a Winter campaign canuol be
I readily obtained.
Ihe Insurance comp titles are swallow
ing up ail the av.xiianlc luuds ot the coun
try Hi the Uhicago maelstrom, tnus divert
ing money from its usual channels and
compelling this suspension.
The bridging on the line will be prose
eu'ed to completion immediately.
Toe scrapers, picks and other tools are
being deposited at proper points along
the hue ready tor use in fcpriug. Mr.
iiinkiey has done an honest and praise
worthy act in thus slopping at a point
when he is able to pay off men and
leave Im Hue clear ot debt.
It has been the praciiye of too many
railroad o in panics to continue work uher
their ability lo work w«s exhausted, thus
In inging misery upon their employes and
siting ing their franchises with oebts and
judgments to the umnilest damage of then
credit. .Such disaster Mr. llinkloy has
wisely avoided.
Hy the next spring the cause ot this de
lay will he so far removed as to enable the
work to be speedily completed.
All reports about the com puny "bust
ing,” “selling out" &c., are absolutely
false. C. \V. liusii.”
From the above it will he seen
that the work has not by any means
been abandoned, but only suspended
during the winter months, when at
best they work at a great disadvan
tage. The grading is mostly com
pleted to Tipton and much doneio
ward lowa City; the bridging will be
completed this winter, so when
Spring eDines work will be resumed,
iron laid down, and the balance
of the work pushed forward. We
are not of the kind that always
look on lb*; blue siue, though we
have passed through the Oska
loosa railroad mill, hut believe work
will be resumed in earnest in the
spring. We commend to our read
ers, the perusal of the following
sensible article from the Tipton Ad
vertiser, a paper published at “the
seat of the war
“When in the midst of the day’s work,
the news came last Friday that all the
Lauds employed iu gradn g on th line
ol tins road between UHutou auu 8., C.
U. M. were to siop work tor llie winter,
oi couiue iliere weie not wanting plenty
ol muse wuo tell inclined to cry as olten
aud as puunciy ns possibly that our rail
road Was “gOIRJ up’’ “played out” “bnsl
eu" etc., ad infinitum auu ad nauseam.
TUere are always plenty ot men who
will swear tUe grind stone is swallowed
and wtio knew all llie time the old cow
was going meat it, when in point of tact
every one knows limt the innocent rumi
nant wouldn’t lake a bile of sand stone if
sue would could aud could not ii she
would.
No reason whatever exists for the be
lie!, or even the tear, on the part of any
one that the Southwestern Railroad will
not eventually be built as contemplated.
Tue very worst that this unexpected
cessation of work can mean is a delay
oi a tew months in the completion of that
part ot this line upou which work has
neen commenced. Wo said “unexpected
Cessation ot work.” This is hardly cor
rect. The causes which produce the delay
ot a tew monihs in purchasing the iron
lor the road and meeting the other heavy
expeuses contingent upon its being put in
operation are So manm-si that the result
of those causes could scarcely be called
unexpected to any one who thinks.
Bonds oi the lowa Southwestern Com
pany ha*! been prepared for the EiSiern
muiket by Hie very best of indursmeat
aud there seemed tio doubt of their being
easily saleable. Then comes the great
conflagration. Chicago, the great entre of
excuauge between the East and West is
burned up. What is the present result?
It is that such a vast amount of surplus
Eastern capital, which otherwise could
have foiiud its best investment in Western
railroads, must flow in to repair the loss.
i*ir»t, lrom filiy to seventy-flve mill
ions must be paid at once in insurance
alone. Second, the ruin of many of the
business men ot Chicago, while the place
aud necessity tor the transaction ot their
business still remains, offers very unusu
al opportunity lor the investment of other
millions. Third, tlrs necessities and op
portunities of Chicago commerce compel
and enable Chicago to seek large credit,
both in cash and merchandise, aud to pay
extra prices to the accommodation.
Plainly and naturally, such enterp 1 ises
as ours must wait tor capital until the equi
librium caused by this drain upon tlie
coffers of the money centers is, somewhat,
at l*-ast, restored. Three months, it is
thought will be sufficient time. The de
lay is a part ol our share in the calamity,
which, truly if sometimes thoughtlessly,
has fr>m the first been called national.
As we said before, that the road will be
built and operated, there can be no doubt.
The thousauds already invested were all
the property of the Construction Com
pany, and must and will be redeemed by
completing and utilizing the work com
menced. Neither is it at all probable that
the delay will be long enough to forfeit
the taxes voted the road and only payable
upon condition of its being completed to
specified points by stated times—as to
Tipton by Juy Ist, 1872. While, there
fore, we are impatient of delay, let us look
at the matter fairly and impartially, and
the result cannot tail to continue us hope
ful for the future.”
lowa Congregationalism. —The
Minutes ot lowa Congregational
Association for 1871, show that
there are in lowa 207 Congregation
al Churches, with 136 ministers; 11,-
027 members, 11,713 attendants at
Sunday School; and au average at
tendance upon preaching of 16,749.
A’e also find that the expenditures
of these congregations have been,
tor the support of the ministry, SBB,-!
836.39; ami that there has been re-
eeived from the American Home
Missionary Society in aid and sup
port of ui'nisters, $17,738.35.
The total reduction of the public
debt, under Grant’s Administration,
from March 4, 1869, to November 1, j
1871, amounts to $273,749,811,98. j
While this has been done, taxation
has been reduced, and many costly I
improvements made. Figures 1
speak louder and litter than Demo* i
emtio words, and this the country
knows. Grant is making it hard
work lor politicians who are trying
to induce the people to believe that
Grant is not making a good Presi-,
dent,
A former lowan, who has been
farming in Kansas lor several years,
writes to the Albia Union as follows:
*'l believe I have told you that the
soil on an average here is not equal
to that of lowa, and the seasons are
more uncertain. There is hardly
the difference in climate I expected
to find. The people are not so hale
and hearty looking as those of;
lowa. They look more like South
erners. But after all i like them and
the country, I suppose, as well as I
would any other.”
_ tgges
The Chicago Journal encouraging-
ly says “The packing season here j
promises to be a favorable one. Al- j
ready the number of hogs slaugh*
tered is 45,000, against 59,000
for the same period last year,
and 50,921 lor the name period in
1869. The facilities lor packing, not-
withstanding the great fire, are bet-
ter than formerly, and the prospects
are that the packing of hogs here the
present season will be larger than
last
A New York dispatch of the 10th 1
says the latest returns Irom the State
give tiie Republicans 17,000 major
ity. There was an unprecedented
amouqt of independent voting,
and tbo majorities for Republican
senators and assemblymen are gener
ally larger than the Stale ticket. The
Assembly stands 95 Republicans to
32 Democrats.
Dana, editor of the N. Y. Hun
went over whole hog, (and he had
uot tar to go) at the late electiou and,
supported the Democratic ticket.
Now he- certainly can fire aw’ay at
Giant all he pleases, for he is in just
the company that enjoys it.
Fifty Apaches and Najoves Indi
ans in Arizona attacked a stage,
murdered the driver and five pas
seugers, .ud plundered the stage.
Two passengers, a man aud wile es
caped.
The New York Tribune says
The Western State that contains the
greatest quantity of strong grain laud
in Ipwa. It is certainly destined to
lead the Union as a great grain pro
ducing Slate.
San Francisco has a “rooster club”
which is trying to secure the release
Mrs. Fair, the murderess, “because
she is a woman.” Ilang her we say,
same as »f she was a man.
Governor Alcorn will resign tu a
few days, preparatory to taking his
seat in the United States Senate.
On the first Sunday in November,
1846, the first l*iesln terinu Sabbath
school of Davenport w as organized,
with J. M. Dalzell as Superintendent,
which position he has held ever
since. Last Sunday week, on the
25th anniversary of the Superiuteud
ency the school presented him with
a silver tea set as an appreciation
oi his services.
IOWA NEWS
A yo’jng lady of Dubuque has
sued her parents for $l5O, which she
bad intrusted to their keeping.
The Headlight says a party of
hunters killed and shipped 2000 lbs
of geese from Perry station, in two
weeks.
Mr. Briggs, of Jasper county a no
ted stock raiser, has 1,300 sheep en
tirely free from any symptoms of
disease.
The Hawkeye estimates that 50-
000 bnehels of apples have been
shipped from Des Moines county this
fall, and lowa can’t raise apples.
Keshon of Johnson county punched
the head of John Peters with a gun
stock. The latter is trying to die
and the former on trial for assault.
Mrs. B. C. Armstrong and daugh
ter of Burlington, were injured in
Ohio by a railroad accident, recently.
Per IJawkeye, from which all Bur
lington news we glean.
The bridge-burners in Appanoose
are still at work. Quite a number
were arrested and bound over.—
Among them were several respecta
ble farmers and one Baptist preach
er.
A young man named Conwell,
while coupling cars near Burlington,
tell on the track and had one foot
entirely severed, aud one arm muti
lated so that amputation was neces
sary.
Nicholas Wagnor, aged twenty
sx, was found dead in the woods
near Council Bluffs Monday after
noon. He loved a girl who would
not marry him. So he shot himself
with a musket.
The Hee says Mrs. Young of
Greene oounty, died suddenly—be
ing in apparent good health half an
hour before she became a corpse....
Also that a little child named Black,
fell into a lime box, got some lime in
its wind pipe, which caused its
death.
The State Center Enterprise says
the wife of John Airy, jr., residing
near lowa Falls, was, one day last
week, literally frightened to death by
some Indians who called at her resi
dence. Whether the Indians fright
ened her intentionally, or not, we
have not learned.
Richard Collin*, living near Du
buque, undertook to stop a runaway
horse on Friday, and received injur
ies that may prove fatal. A work
man named Yoetschow was severely
injured on the same day near the
same place by being struck on tbe
head with a pick.
Lieut. J, R. Wasson, of Warren
county, who had tbe honor of gradu
ating at the head of his class when
graduating at the Military Institute
at West Point last summer, is now
in J apan. The Indianola deader is
publishing some very interesting let
ters written bv him to his father.
Michael McNau hton, who for two
or three years past, has been practic
ing his ‘confidence’ games in lowa,
Davis, and other counties in this
State, was arrested in Nebraska a few
days ago, and on a requisition of Gov.
Merrill, returned to Marengo, where
he will he tried for some of his ras
calities.
It. W T itz of Burlington, 50 years
old while moving a building, had
his leg fractured at the knee joint...
Four drunken white men set upon a
colored man at Burlington, run him a
block or two, when he dodged into
a room ho was in the habit of sweep
ing. picked up a revolver I>ing on
the table and shot one of his assail
ants; says tiie Hawkeye.
The Waverly Republican has a nnt
for the geologists to crack. It says
that J. C. Janes, on the farm ofWm.
Janes, in Lafayette township, in dig
ging a well, found, at a depth ot 18
feet, a strata of petrified rock, and a
china toy, the figure of a horse.—
Several wells have been dug on the
place the past summer, and not the
least sign of rock discovered except
in this instance.
The Independence Bulletin of the
3d, records three gunning accidents
to citizens of the town. A. C. Cecil,
47 years old was hunting in Chero
okee county some elk passed, a
mail iu the wagon tired, the horses
jumped throwing Mr. C. out; his
rifle was discharged in the fall, the
hall going lurough his arm. He
started for home at once, was ex
posed, caught cold and died.....
Elijah Chitterton, jr., while hunting
ducks, put a shot gun in the boat,
muzzle pointing towards him. The
gun was accidentally discharged
he was found dead some hours af
ter; the charge penetrated his heart.
J. M. Gillett lost two fiDgers by
the bursting of a gun while duck
hunting. He killed two ducks, how
ever, with the load.
A well-to-do farmer residing in
Bedford county, lowa, about a year
ago, by force and threats, seduced
his daughter, a young girl about fif
teen years ot age, fair, intelligent
and highly esteemed. He continued
his bestial lusts until about two
months ago, when the daughter was
delivered of a child, it is alleged, the
fiend murdered. The farmer was
arrested, and having wealthy friends,
was released on bail. About two
weeks ago, while the trial was pro
gressing, the prisouer managed to get
away, went to Nebraska, and went
to work as a farm laborer. The
Sheriff soon heard of his wherea
bouts, and arrested him. Ho arrived
in Si. Joseph, Mo., with his pris
oner oti Friday night, and left Mon
day morning for lowa, via Savan
nah.
VHIEIiIFF’S SALE.
Notice i» hereby given that by virtue of a Spe
cial Execution directed to mu from the office of
the Cierk of the Dimrict Court of Mahaeka Co,
lowa, and dated Nov. 16. A. M. 1871. I have levied
upon and will offer at Sh-rifl’* Sale to the highest
bidder for caan In haud, at the door of the house
in which the last District Court was hu d in said
toun y. on Saturday, the lGih day ot December,
A D if 11. at the hour or 3 o'clock, P. M the
followinu described Heal Estate in Mahaska
county, lowa, to-wit:
The north forty sixth sixtieths (46 60) of
lot No. four (4) in block No. thirteen (13)
in the city ot Oskslooss, lowa, old plat.
Taken as the property of John Mont
gomery, et al, to satisfy the above men
tioned execution in favor of Charles Breck
ner and against John Montgomery, et al.
J. W. HINKSLEY,
10 ti hex iff Mahaska Co., lowa.
The Executive Committee of the
Republic Insurance Company of
Chicago, at a meeting on the 3d,
passed the following.
“Wherbas. The Republic Insurance
Company ot Chicago, Iff., had policies out
standing to the amount of $3,000,000, aud
upward, upon property winch was de
stroyed by fire in the great conflagration in
Chicago on the Bth and 9th of October,
1871; and,
uekkas, The available cash means of
the company are not sufficient to pay said
losses with its other legal liabilities, as
they mature and become payable, and con
tinue the business for which the company
was organized, and it has become neces
sary to make an assessment upon and coi
lect the unpaid stock subscribed to pay
losses and debts and continue business;
therefore,
Resolved, that a call and assessment are
hereby made upon all the unpaid stock
subscribed as held by the several stock
holders of the Republic Insurance Com
pany, of Chicago, 111,, to wit; Eighty per
centum upon all the stock held by the sev
eral stock holders on the 7lh day of Ocio
tober, 1871, (since which time no stock has
been transferred on the books of the com
pany), payable on the 15th day of Decem
ber next, provided that no suit shall be
brought by the company against any stock
holder who shall on or before said 15th of
December next pay in ten per centum on
said stock, and shall on or before the 15th
nt'each month thereafter pay in a like ten
per centum until the whole eighty per
centum is paid, but in default of the pay
ment of any of said installments, then the
collection ot all that is unpaid upon said
eighty per centum so caded for 6hall be
immediately enforced.
Resolved That the President and Secre
tary proceed to adjust, with all reasonable
dispatch, all claims for loss«-s by fire
against the Republic Insurance Company,
and pay upon them severally, as soon as
adjusted, the sum of twenty-five per
centum in cash, and the said President
**nd Secretary, are authorized to give to
the several claimants written evidence of
indebtedness in such form as they deem
proper, for the residue of their respective
claims, payable in three equal installments
of twenty five per centum each, at the ex
piration of four, eight and twelve months
from the first of D*-cenilier, 1871, provided
the said claimants ate willing to accept such
evidence of indebtedness in discharge ot
their respective claims for losses under
the policies of the company.”
THE REVOLUTION IN NEW YORK.
One teature of the recent election*
will afford universal satisfaction, and
that is the up turn in New York city.
Doubts were felt concerning the re
suit. It was deemed hardly possi
bly to out set the King iroru its ill
gotten power. The skill, daring the
wealth of those political chiefs—the
enormous patronage at their dispos
al—the number and desperate char
acter of their adherents backed by
every thing vile in American Bablyon
—together with their experience in
manipulating majorities by bewitch
ing ballot-boxes and election returns
all combined might well raise grave
doubts as to the ability of the better
elements of society to dislodge
them from iheir stronghold.
The cituation ot the city had for a
long time excited the apprehension
of thinking men. They were puz
zled to fortell w T hat the upshot of its
experience was to be. Here was the
problem Could a great city, del
aged with fresh importations from
monarchial lands, be relied upon to
govern itself? Would not the
American system of self-government
tail when subjected to such a test?
The inauguration of Commissioners,
appointed by the Governor of the
State, to take charge ot certain
branches of city affairs, had its or
igin in these fears. The interests
were so enormous—the opportuni
ties for swindling the public so great
—and the vote of the dangerous
classes was so easily concentrated
and so powerful, that it was fell that
the great city must be robbed of its
sovereignty and become a ward of
the State. All will recollect how the
Democracy protested against this,
and declared that the city could
govern itself. “Put the responsibil
ity upon the Mayor, and upon cer
tain specified officers,” said they,
“and all will be well—much better
than the divided responsibility ot
your Commissions.” Up to that
lime the Kiug could only squeeze out
a tew hundred thousands ot stealings
yearly, and of course they quickly
look advantage of this party cry.—
The Democracy had come into pow
er, and Tweed was omnipotent at the
Capitol as well as in New York. So
the Commissions were abolished, aud
the entire sway conferred upon the
King, for a term ot years. Tins was
only eighteen months ago, and dur
ing that period these Samsons in theft
have lugged away trom the Treas
ury a hundred millions ot dolla s
Such was the culmination of city
rascality aud the overthrow' ot this
oligarchy m crime became the ques
tion of the hour. That a gang of
thieves were fattening upon the hard
earnings of the people everybody
knew but when the tuaguiiude of
their robberies began to dawn upon
the public mind, patient forbearance
gave way to indignation—the people
met, consulted, resolved, acted—and
the lightning of th ir wrath alarmed
the revellers in the public halls. The
thieves fell out among themselves—
tried to hedge by accusing each oth
er—and in the meantime the devel
opments went ou. Then was wit
nessed a strange sight in Gotham.
Representative men of character in
both parties came together—they ad
journed partisan issues the lawyer
left his office the broker his stocks;
the merchant his counter, aud the
I capitalist his ledger—aud for once
i the people went to the polls to de
fend themselves against highway
men. The result is betore the world,
i The Ring is annihilated. Only a
f beggarly fraction of its candidates
are chosen. The Legislature is over
whelmingly agaiust them. The fiat
has gone forth The Augean Stable
must be cleansed
Forthwith the fortifications of the
bandits are tumbling in every quar
ter. Sweeney has resigned Tweed
holds on to his place, but sells his
property to hide his pluuder. The
result of the election astounds them,
for they did not expect such a dis
play ot virtue in New York.
What next A new charter, and
new officers for the city. Doubtless
some improvement will be realized,
but how long will the reform last
This question comes back again to
puzzle speculators in the philosophy
of government. New York is what
it has been. A spasmodic uprising
ot the wealth and character of the
city has scattered the knaves, aud
uncovered their villaiuies. But how
long will the people attend to their
own business, and keep the rascals at
bay Not long, it is feared though
it is some consolation to know that
they will be likely to arouse them
selves again wdien they lose fifty ora
hundred millions more.
The overthrow’ ot Tammany has
released the Slate from Democratic
thralldom. This is likely to be per
maneot. New York will lake her
place in the Republican column.—
This accords with the honest senti
ment of her people. And in strip
ping the King ot the power to steal
it is probable that the last reliant*
of the Democracy for the “siuewu of
war,” for the national campaign has
been taken away. So when Twted
is laid on the shelf it will be in. order
to bold the funeral services <4 the
Democratic patty
(From Chicago Railway Review.}
THE IOWA CENTRAL ROAD.
Mr. C. C. Gilman, President of
the Road, has spent the last week
in St. Louis, addtressed the Mer
chants’ Exchange on Friday, and
the mass convention on Saturday
evening. The object of this visit is
to obtain mean* to build a seotion of
Road, to qo turned, the lowa Central
with the North Missouri Road. The
proposed section. 27 mi!es in length,
lies between the village of Albia
and the la. State Line. It islooated
and partly graded. Mr. Gilman, in
his address, fully explained, and in
a manner to which no exception
could be taken, the position, re
sources and plans of his Company,
which has 700 miles of road, and
needs only this addition of 27 miles,
to secure direct through connection,
between St. Louis and its Northern
terminus and connections. He re
ported in his Slate, they had no tim*
berland. Their streams, which run
through little valleys, have, perhaps,
a little fringe of limber, a quarter of
a mile on each side, but the balance
of the country is rolling, and every
foot, has twenty inches of black soi 1
productive in corn, wheat, potatoer
and barley. Four years ago, the
North Missouri terminated at Ma
con. Since then it has been exten
ded to the lowa line, and more di
rectly east to Ottumwa. The par
ties with whom he was associated
went where there was a surplus oi
money, and put their money into the
enterprise, because a railroad wa*
wanted. There is no land grant and
no special iuducemeut, except to
make it as direct as they could, and
then rely on the stock enchanging ii
value.
The construction of this short sec
tion is looked to give the Road inde
pendenct-to secure direct coumiuni
cation between St. Louis aud Duluth.
Mr Gilman called forthesuin ol $320,-
000 and suggested that 320 men be
found who will subscribe SI,OOO each.
A general committee, was appointed,
with three local committees, to can
vass the entire city. The leading,
newspapers ot St. Louis are giving a
great deal of attention to the matter;
aud if the plan succeeds, it will be
largely due to the judicious advocacy
of the JJemovrat ana
Times. The latter paper, in the
course of a leading article, presents
the following sketch ol the route,
connections aud resources of the
Road, so far as concerns St. Louis
“This road connecting at the Mate
liue with N. M., extends northerly
through the richest sections ot lowa,
lapping the Des M. at Eddyville;j
the C. R. I. A P. at Gnuueil the
C. AN., at Marshalltown; the I.
F. aud Sioux C., at Ackley and the
McG. and Sioux C., at Masou City.
Except the D. M the roads run
east and west. It is from the Des M.
valley aud from Minn, that we are,
with proper assistance, to derive the
greatest benefit. From Mason City,
in Northern lowa, and on the road, a
junction is uow being built, northwest
to Mankato, Minn., where the Minn.
River, running further N. W., and
the St. P. and S. City pass each oth
er, thus bringing us indirect connec
tion with the great wheat growing
regions of Minn. At the Missouri
State lise another conneot’on with
St. L. will be made via Quincy and
the St. L. and K. R. Thus with the
St. P. and Duiuth direct connection,
St. L. has the opportunity (and she
should promptly seize it) of drawing
to her granaries the choice spring
wheats of la, and MinD., which mix
so well with our winter gardens, corn,
oats, Ac., now going to other mar
kets, and last, but not least, the dry
goods, grocery and other trade of
the rich Northwest.”
REMOVED.
The HERALD will this day
be removed to the new build-
ing opposite our present stand.
Call and see us. Office in cor-
ner room.
DR. E. TENNANT,
would respectfully announce to the citizens of
Oskaloosa and adjoining countie* that he ha*
permanently located in ihi* city.
Dr Tennant doe* rot propose or undertake to
cure all disease* the human family 1* h> ir to. but
having an extensive experience in the East and
Biitish Province*, and practicing with the oldest
and most auccesslul Doctor in the East, will c<>n
fidently neaert that he can cure the following di*
eaae*
Cancer, without pain or use of Knife, Scrofula
in all its forma. Scurvy, Salt Rheum, Epilepsy,
Gravel. Dropuy, Piles, Erysipelas, Neuralgia,
Female Debility.
Cancer, a dire and malignant disease, which ha*
become fe rfully prevalent on thie Continent a*
wall as Europe, and la much to be dreaded above
all other diseases.
Cancer can be recognized under three marked
forms, viz Hcirrhus, Kncuphaloid and Colloid.
These forms are sub-divided into numerous varie
tiws. what now’ may appear to be harmless lumps
in the breast, neck eyelid orolsewhere. A small
wart or sore on the lip may in a few weeks or
months become a disgusting mass of disease. The
l)r. does not pretend to cure Cancer in all its
stages, but it taken in time, will guarantee a
speedy and permanent cure. Asa f roof of this,
no pay is requires nntil the cure is complete.
All professional matters strictly confidential.
Communications promptly answered. Consulta
tion free. Office hours from Bto 12. and 1 to d.
Office, one door north ot Adlon’sJewelry shop,
Market Street, Oskaloosa. lowa.
LKVI HAMBLKTON. W H. KIMBALL. E H LONGSHORE.
HAVE YOU HEARD THAT
HAMBLETON, KIMBALL CO
Have bought out the Grocery Store at the stand formerly occu
pied by Mitchell <fe Purdy, at Faxon Tullis’, and
having moved their groceries to the back room
are now filling up the front room with the
Lairgest, Best, and most complete as
sortment of
Dry Goods, Notions, Cloth
ing, Boots, Shoes, Hats
and Caps, and
Groceries,
!£ver opened in Oskaloosa, wnicu they propose t«> »fcil f**x chA or prodoce at very low
prices, and strive by fair and honorable dealing to merit tfieir full share of public pat
ronagtt. Our stock will be first class both in dry goods and and groceries, and will bt
sold at such prices as cannot fail to please. CARPETS we intend to make a speciality
and those wishing to purchase should not fail to examine our stock. We have made
special arrangements with Eastern manufacturers that w»H enable ng to tell
at less Ugures than any other house in town. Our line ot
Dress Goods, Shawls, Furs. Heavy West
ern Flannels, Jeans, Cassimeres, &c
Will CO tnpar* favorably In style, quality and price with say suck in low«. W« wl*h it particularly
untie rut pod that we not only SAX we ar« going to sell at bottom prices but we mean Just wbat we say
and can do so. Ist, Because our guods are all bought fdr curb. 4nd Because we know that QUICK
•ales at low prlcea and LARUfi sales are profitable both to seller and cou*U'Qer. Bd, Because We
buy montly direct Irom manafacturera. waving nil th«* urotliM «f IHldtllemcn. 4ih, Because
we tell istrictly for Cash or tu equivalent, thereby euabUng us to sell goods at least 20 cents on the
dollar clSeaper than they can posalbly he sold on t sae Our customers will therefore have the ad
vantage of baying their go<«le at least 90 cent* on the dollar leas than those buyiug from Houses do
ing a cr idit business.
Como one, come all, buy at least one bill of goods and realize
that we mean what we have said.
Aid UAimilSfVjl, KIMBALL CO.
MEDICAL.
CARPETS AND BOOTS AND SHOES
DRY GOODS.
LEVI HAMBLETON,
South Side of Square, at the
old. stand ofG. D. Cook<fe Co.,
has received a large line of new
goods, which he is selling very
low for cash.
Those wishing to purchase
should not fail to ex-
amine his stock of
Dress Goods,
Clothing,
Boots and
(lats, Caps.
Domestic and Piece
Goods
We are satisfied that the prices
will suit you. Our motto is
Qaick Seles anfl Small Profits
DENTISTRY.
DR. P. J. ELLSWORTH,
DENTIST!
Who left Orkalnora lart November, wlahea to
infotm the citizen* of th’r city and vicinltv -bat
he ha* returned to make thir place hie permanent
home, and he wi*he* lo ray to hi. former patron*
and friend* that if any work perlormed by him
previous to hi* going away ha* become imdaired,
or in any way fail* to give perfect
SATISFACTION,
hi- will at any time repair or make It good,
Free of Charge I
ae heal way* hold* himrelf reeponrible for all hie
work. He wirbee also to ray to the public that he
Guarantees all Ms Work
to give *ati*fsctlon in every respect, and he means
by this guaramy that bis patients shall be satis
fied that the work they entrust to him shall be
performed in the best possible manner.
Dr. E. is well aware that there are numerous
persons in this community that are using arti
ficial teeth, (made by men who claim to be first
class dentists) tha* fail in a very gteat degree to
give satisfaction to their possessor.
Dr. Ellsworth will make over i using the same
teeth) «uch setts at reasonable rates, and guarat
tee perfect satisfaction in every case or charge
nothing for his labor. Natural teeth operated on
in a care !ul and skillful manner Remember that
a plug w ell executed in a tooth will remain there
twenty years as well as one year.
The Doctor can refer to numerous persona in
this place for whom he plugged teeth four years
ago when he first located in 'his ci'y that are as
perfect to-day as when first done. Teeth extract
ed without pain by the use of gas and othor safe
aesthetics.
Office at the north-east corner of the square,
(in rooms formerly occupied as picture gallery)
Oskaloosa, lowa. J*-5-tf
MARBLE WORKS.
Mm Karl Warts!
F. W. MrCALL.
SHOP a tew doors West of the North
A'nst corner of the Square 27-tl
Glaze
OSKALOOSA, IOWA.
We would say to thos** wanting Mornments,
Head and Tombstones, or anything in the marble
line to give us a call before purchasing, and save
money Shop 2 doors west Post lattice.
w
Shoes,
Carpets,
Furs,
NEW
DRESS GOODS!
POPLINS, EMPRESS CLOTHS,
Japanese Silks, &c,
Ottoman, Paisley, Long and Square
SHAWLS.
Table Linens, Napkins, Huckabuck Tow-
els and White Goods in great
The best make of Western Jeans,
Flannels and Blankets.
Hats, Caps, F
BUCK CLOVES
Boots, Shoes, Trunks.
You will find our stock complete and prices
that cannot fail to please.
Trask
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents Wanted Everywhere,
To sell the most popular work ever before intro
duced to"the American Public.
The Great Conflagration!
Chicago!!
It* past, present, and future. Tne origin pro
press and result* of the great Chicago couflagra
tlon With graphic »cen< incidents, and de
tail* of The disaster Li-ts of the principal Bank
er*. Manufacturers, and Merchant* wLo are losers
A complete picture of Chicago before and after
the fire. Tne trade and commerce of Chicago.
Details o> its municipal uflaits, and the great fire*
of the World
The *tati*»ic* ofth- fl-e department, with a
de*c iption of the wonder,ui Water Work* lie
•cript'on of the Sewerage, paving and building
ma'eri <l*. The extraordinary marvel of a river
running up *tream. The t*umber, loc tion. and
mode of op ratios? the grain elevator* History
and deecrtption of the lamous stork yard* The
number ol Railroad*, the Lake trade and com
nterce. From personal observation* by Geo
P Upton. (Peregrine Pickle) literary editot
Chicago Tribune, and Ja* W. Sukahxn. editor
of Chicago Tribune
hook oI 350 page*, illustrated bv the btst
artist*, and will be worthy the confidence of all
Piic tn extra cioth and gilt. 5'2.50. Will be sent
by mail on r ceipt of price. This work can only
he obtained frotn the publish t* or from their
regularly authorized agewts, as it is sold exclu
sively by subsciiptiou. and cannot be obtained
from any bookstore* in the United State*. Ad
dre** UNION PUBLISHING CO
103 Twenty-second St., Chicago.
Rich Field! Noble Work!!
THE NEW PICTORIAL
FAMILY BIBLE,
WITH OVER
1000 Illustrations,
50,000 R eferences,
A FAMILY RECORD, AND FAMILY
ALIITM.
The Pictorial Family Bible contain- a
storehouse of intormation that can only reach the
mind through the eye. Its illustrations carry one
back to the most Important era of the wor'd. and
are of themselves a most comprehensive review
of the Scriptures, representing the most interest
ing Views. Charaetrrs, Symbols. Historical
Events. Landscape Scenes, Antiquities. Cos
tumes. Beasts, oirds. Insects, Piauis, Minerals,
Coins, Medals. Inscriptions and Incidents refer
red to throughout the Sacred Text. They at
tract tht eye. correct erroneous impressions,
awaken new thoughts, and furnish clearer views
oi Divine trnth. As a helt* to Parents, Ministers
and Nabbath School Teachers in fulfilling the du
ties of their separate and high vocations—and to
all others to whom immortal souls are intrusted
this splendid Pictorial Volume cauuot be over
estimated. It is the Edition
Most Suitnblt* for the Family,
Most Valuable for the Student,
Most Instru live for the Teacher,
Most Appropriate tor the Child,
Most Ueelul for the Minister,
Most Interes'inc for the Farmer,
Most Elegant for the Parlor,"
Most Profitable lor the Study.
The Plctorlol Family Bible, in add!
Mon to the features alluded to. contains the Apoc
rypha, Concordance. Psalms in metre, a Summa
ry of the Sacred Tinth* as taught In the Inspired
Hook together with numerous and c mprehen
sive Tallies and other Historical and Explanatory
Matter, embodving the labors ol many of the
most eminent Biblical scholars. It 1- printed on
the finest calendered paper. Irom clear and open
t-pe. in one large and handsome quarto volume,
and is bound in the most tiurabl.- and attractive
manner, while the prices are sufficiently low to
place it within everybody's reach.
Experienced Agent* are wanted through
out thecouutr* for its sale, wiih whom liberal ar
rangements will be made. An oppor* unity of
equal promise is rarely or never present’d. Its
sale will not be limited to any period, but will
continue for a lifetime, constantly increasing
with the growth and intelligence of the country
It Is therefore desirable that those that engage
with us, shall do so with a view to making the
business a permanent one.
yilnlHierw, T cmc ltem. Student*, tar
■urr*. Young Men and Women.—those
who would meet with the most profitable of all
employments are invited to correspond with us
with a view to an agency. Not a few such are
uow averaging from $50(10 to S7OOO annual profit
in Us sale. There is a great ant for the b»*ok,
and a rich field ottered, while It will elevate the
spiritual condition bv cousiant contact with ami
conversations upon its heautilnl and eternal
truths.
Agents on the ln*tullmciit Flan will
he furnished the work in tine bindings This
plan Is quite popular and profitable 1»* large cities
and towns. We have an edition ot the book, su
perbly bouml, with massive panelled sides, w hich
has becu everywhere received with marked iavor.
Subscriptions tor the Pictorial Bible, iu this style
and ill this way. can be obtuiued to almost un
limited extent, as there i# no outlay ol money
that the Bible leader cau make, which will yield
him so rich a return.
We are also the publishora or Potter’* Stan*
darrl Edition* ol Family. Pulpit, P„cket aud
Photographic Bibles and Testaments—m arly 800
different styles—so well known everywhere for
their accuracy of text beau y olfinisu and dura,
bility of bindlug. Always ask tor PuTTKR’s
STANDARD EDITIONS; andget the best Cat
alogues containing styles and prices Tarnished on
appiicftiiou.
Th o p l CJr u l r e ****l***J( full description of
The Piet or U 1 Family Bible, wiib sample sheet,
*DAVJT I rL^SST*KK s TTTol'3£-? N
John E. Potter Co.,
PLBLI'UUKb,
614 nod 017 baoxxa Street,
atlaS Philadelphia.
DRY GOODS.
JUST OPENED
FROM
Silks, Sateens,
variety.
AND
West side Square.
Willard,
TELEGRAPHY.
TELEGRAPHY!!
unng Ladies or Gentlemen wish
ing to prepare themselves for actual
systematical and lucrative Business,
should attend the
CUTinEKCIAL AND TEtEGR.trU
INSTITUTE,
A T
Oskaloosa College
AN ACTUAL TF.LEUKAPU LINK
extends from the
KUKISESs HALL, TO TUB PUBLIC
SQItUK.
iully demonstrating the eutire prin
ciple of
n AIN LINE.
The Public arc cordially invited
to call at the Business Hall at the
College and examine the cabilities
of the entire Institute.
TUITION:
Full course Scholarship, with
Penmanship 835.00.
ommercial and Telegraphic 800.00.
The length ol ti <*e necessary for
graduation is usually from foui to six
months. Arraugements have been
made by which board can be had at
81.50 to 82.00 per w eek, which will
place the entire cost of the course
within the reach of those whose
means are too limited .to go else
where, should they desire. For par
ticulars apply to
M. P. (IIVKrtS,
Principal of llualnetui aud Telegraph
Institute.
NEW ARVERTISEMEMTS.
r a mrurmn sui »«i*edby mi nt t 0.,
Uft Ll m y Publishers Scientific American,
lMßluu. 37l, rk ow
Twenty-five years experience.
Pamphlets Con lain lag Patent Laws with full di
rections how to obtain patents.
A bound volume of US pages, containing the
New t'envu, by counties and all large cities,
15*> engravings oi mechanical movements patent
laws, and rules lor obtaining patents, mailed on
receipt of 25 cents.
Every Farmer
la invited to send his address and receive Fr««
und postage paid a copy ot the
AMERICAN FARM JOURNAL
The most Practical, the best and cheapest Illus
trated Agricul'ural paper in the United States.—
Only 75Cents per year. Send for a specimen
copy. Address MILLER, LOCKS A CO.,
Toledo. Ohio-
Will M. Carleton,
Author of
“Betsev and I ane ou.t,*’
Edits and writes for
The Detroit Weekly Tribune,
The best Family Newspaper in the Country.—
»2 a year. Send tor specimen copy and club
circular Address, THE TRIBUNE.
Detroit, Mich.
\A7nflß*Q HOI KLHoLIi nAtSAZIME
W UUD O in ottered free during the coming
year to every subscriber of Merry'• Museum, the
Toledo Blade. Pomeroy's Which
is an t*v iUv nee oi its worth anu popularity,
Horace Greeley ,1 imes Parlou, Th» odore Tilton.
tic’, »rne ior every liurnb^^™*
ft" r» three ffrst class periodicals
tor the price ol one oi them. A variety of premi
ums on equally liberal terms. It is au original,
first class Volume X begins with
JawT*?? 1 Three s£jjumen copies free. Address
s.s tvufflP'fciTßlltJir'iffr*
tht best promoter <>i tin- </ro» ih unit i -<i:n?
o/theknir. JjK. SCI TW C
H »'iU by nil druggi-
DITHRIDGB'fI
XX FLINT GLASS V
LAMP CHIM.NKIT& 0
n, «t belter iliau muy oihs. Mad
M A-iTn.r Dlthrtdve anu t..ke bo othvr.
weAi.lt o«r name to -a every
sW FM«hnr«b, Pa.
IMTilK*«' eud tor Krlca Ltot-
A Asa tn Tviltt t'Cffij&imt
tailsto to cure Salt Hheum, Chapped hands,
all diseases oil he scalp and skm: For the
vmiet it has no equal. For -ale everywhere. At
Ihofcale bv J U BOWNK, Independence, U.
Ans i a MONTH. Horse and carriage furnished.
Expenses paid. H Shaw, AUr sd, Ms.
Avoid KDACKfr.—A victim ot—My i*d4s
cretioß, causing nervous debility, VMM*
B&sa&itimNSSe.
u r s
f
11
h
if