The Dally Intelligencer, ^AA/hi y f*f A y y The Weekly Intelligencer
*U1LBOD #T I I I j 1 JIL* I H A1ati? liMt oo&talalac Um
FREW,HAOAN8A HALL, t mJL/ I I A I fl 1 F IT I ll^l d J ^%T CUBH1HTN1W8,MI8CKLLAN10U8,L1TXB2^:
tiW* T"HttITTtI ^H|T gmnrwrrr
lf)',,Ju'J|g{^,tS,,,'SMa,;;;;;;;;;;;;;*J5J W us!* or tu ituu.ii
u^*t?o^fe,"?ii:::::::::::: *S
_ Club# of Tou 18 00
KKSsfc=;:::?S VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA? FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1871. NO. 97. i!||===!!
TOrwroSjiMntfTiiM^ l-muuuuirauiinqiuudioutuAfssu.
For Rent.
FUH KENT?A GOOD DWELL-fl*
1NG llnuso or tlx room*, km and K(|
water. NltuaUs on John atruet. I'oaacnalon**
April 1st. Apply to 8. L. CUTOBBKT,
Ui'Cl'i Monroo atroot.
QT EJQN R 0 I) lib US E TOR**
D UKNT.
In thorough repair for flratclaaa Uoardlui:
lloufc. Applj at tho bouse or to.
UqoU UK(>. W. THOMPSON.
poUKENTI f?
The Htere Uoonia non Orcuplod by l/a.**"
A. L. KKAPT BKO.,
novlf lll? Main Street. _
FOU RENT.-TUE SPACIOUS#!*
lat and 3d atory Warerooma and Kjl
filar beneath, on the Kaat aide of Market MX
street, anu adjoining ILo liroccry atore or H. J.
Smyth, occuplcdat present by tho Meaara. HubImrda
aa Furniture warerooma. Tbey have a
iJeptboi 111) feet and a front of 83 feet; tho lower
atory front of which ia filled with plate glaaa.
The location la No. hand recommends Itself to
niiy business requiring the apace it offers. Potaeaalon
the lat of April.
novlfl WM. PAXTON, 4th street,
FOR HKNT.-thb THREE**
story Btore Douse and Dwelling, on H|1
Main strvet, directly opposite the Grant**
llouao. and at present occupied by Winaenrled k
Hon, Watchmakers and Jewclcra. To a good
tenant, if doalred, the prcmlaoe will be materialI
y altered and Improved. Ita proximity to the
(Irani llouao and auapenalon bridge make It a
commanding bualncas aland. Possession April
lat. Apply to.
novlfl W^PAXTQy, 4th strep*.
For Sale.
ON TUE IHLANft-Fon?*
HAL8-A Krutuo llomuul I tuoiui, !j|
and lot 44 by 110 fe?t
decll B. I. CUTHBBRT, Monroe Bt_
r P WENTY-8IX ACttEB OF* GOOD
L Bottom Land, rich toll for garden purpoaca,
altuate 4 miles above Wheeling. Price $H00 per
acre. For aale by
decU B.H,. CPT1IBHIIT, Monroo Bt.
A FARM OF 110 ACIIKH IN 1JBAV
KB county, Pa., for aale !w
decll B.L. CPT1IBKKT, Monroe Bt.
JJ1A11M FOR BALE,
Containing 100 acrcs, all undor cultivation, Ave
mllea from the city, on the rldgo between Glon'a
nun anu iqe unio river, no oeuor neignoorliuod
or Butter laying Farm in tho county.
djjfU I. IKWIN. Agent.
'.YBSMNEH'S SALE.
Thu undersigned will Hull at Public Auctlou to
the hljfliesi bidder, commencing
THURSDAY, Docombor Slat, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
Ht tho Btoro No. .18 Main street. In thu cltyol
Wheeling, In lota by catalogue, thu entire stock
i.r Hoots and Bhoes of the lato firm of It. Porter
A Co. Thin aale offers to tho mure limits ol this
rityand SBrroundlng country facilities for replenishing
their stock rately to bo met with, as
there wlllbo found la it most all tho tirades of
reuular goods sold by tint trade, comprising In
part Women's Ml?o?' and Children's Leather.
Morocco and hasting Shoes, Men's, IIojh' and
Youths' Boots and Brogaas; a very large assortment
of Men's Calf, Kip and heavy Hoots, Men's
mid Women's ltubber Overshoes, with many
styles and patterns of each which cannot bo here
enumerated, consisting altogether of soine three
hundred packages.
Catalogues can be procured at the storo on the
diiy previous to tho sale, when all who desire
may have an opportunity of Inspecting tho goods.
Halo positive, and to continue from day today
until all Is sold.
Tiiim -Hlxty days credit on all sums amountint;
to f 100 and upwards, lor approval notes payable
at bank. K. IN hTOJ.L.
dctll Assignee of R. Porter A Co.
UALB <?F KEG CADDY STUFF,
UFO 1BIRREL FACTOnT OF HENRY GRINNELL t CO.
Wheeling, W. V?.
Will l)? sold Hi tliu Mild Factory, on SATURDAY,
December 101 li, nl 10 o'clock A. m., for account
ami risk of tliu Van Wert Btave Company,
of Vnti Wert, Ohio, a lot of lmperfcct patent keg
mill caddy stuff, now In etoro at laid 1'actory.
dwi IIRNRY OHINNBLL A CO,
nuiz? JANB 2ANB, HAMUEL
IU HprlggZane. Cordelia Carr aud Milton T.
('Hrr,Noab zane, Hophia Kaston and Alexander
Kuaton, and I'latoff Zane.
Daniel C. List, Truateo
In Chancery; Circuit Court for Ohio county,
Wut V?.
In pursuance of a decree of said Court made
in thin rauso on tlio 2ttth day of December, 1870,
1 will offer for ealu, on
FRIDAY, tho ISth day of December, 1871,
at the front door of tbo Court Ilonao lor Ohio
county, Went Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m the following real citato, lying }n the city of
Wheeling, on tho went elde or Maid street, via:
The two valnablo stores now occupied by D.
A. Adlcr A Co. and by Peter Jfi? Zlnn and others,
lying bptwocn Uio houses occupied by Harbour
A Dlttman and H. Rlino. Alao the property on
aame Ride of Main street now occupied by tho
shoe store of Richard Porter, adjoining house
owned by J. B, Shrppard.
Tkiim np Hai.k-Onaflfth of tmrchaae to be
paid lii cash and tho balance In one. two, three
and four years from day of salo, with Interest,
notes with good security to bo given for tlio deterred
payment*, and deeds nf trunt, at the expend
of tho purchaser, as further security on
tlio property sold.
nor 15 DANIEL C. LIBT, Trustee.
EXECUTORS' SALE OF HEAL
B0TATK. I
In ptireuatico of the will of Martha Knox, deceased,
the undersigned will, on
FRIDAY* the 15th daj or Dec., 1871,
at tho front door of tho Court House for Ohio
county, West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
soil the following valuable property, lying on
tho west side of Main street In tho city of Wheeling,
being lot No. two (3) and port of lot No. ono
(1), being tho saino now occupied by Harbonr A
Dlttman, by Georgo W. Kckhartand M. C. llane,
and by the dwelling houso formerly occnplcd by
Mrs. Martha Knox in her life time.
Tanas or 8am?One-fourth of tho purchase
money to be paid in cash, or as much more as tlio
purchasers may choose to pitf; tho remainder In
four annual payments, with Interest from date
payable semi-annually. Negotiable notes to be
Klvon for the deferred Instalments, to bo secured
by deeds of trial and satisfactory Insurance on
propeKy, at the expense of the purchaser.
JAVBH P. llOORRR,
D. C. LIST,
novM Kxecutors of Martha Knox, dee'd,
JJWELIilNO IIOUBE
POIl SALE.
I olfor for ralo the hone In which I now re Itle,
situate on John street, a few doors Hjji
ea*t of Fifth. The boo*e l? snl?stantlal BIB
iwontory Ivriek containing eight roomt, be Ides
I hath n>ora and kitchen, and a finished
uttlr, with a good crlllr, hot and Cold water In
bathroom*. The home It In good order and
well located and In every way a desirable property,
bvirig hnt a little orer a square from the
Post Office. Thrro I* al*oon the preml*e* a good
BRICK AT A BLR,
'ufflrlfnt for fonr horse*, and a carriage hon*e.
Anyone wishing to pnrebate can examine the
premhet at anytime. _
tepJJ5 JNO. P. MrPRRMOT.
J 81,AND LOTS FOH BALE.
lilting sold all the lota offered at|300eaeh,
Jcept two, I now offer ten lot* fronting oh tho
?*t ?lde or Kim and Chestnut Street* and fxtending
to the rlfet. Price froth $500 to |1,000
wh. according to size and location. Term*,
ono foirth each, residue In equal Installment* at
"ne, two and three years.
J NO. P. GILCHRIST,
anirlt At Top Mill.
WILMINGTON TAR
80 Bhl*. Tar, large barrels.
10 common Rotln.
Joat received and for *ale low by _
CHAfl. II. BRRRY,
m?l! No*. 18 and 19 Water street.
Qiuflotdluyimx.
Tun resolution to oxompt tUu property
of the Baltimore Ohio Hailroad Company
within the city from all taxes "past,
present and future," was passed lastuighl
by both branches ol Council. In the
Second Branch there was no call or the
yeas and nays and no record ol the vote.
Not more than ten members voted on
both sides, but the President decided that
tlio resolution was passed. In the First
Branch tho vote stood 'six to eight, and
locking two-thirds will require a mnioritv
vote at another meeting. In the Second
Li ranch speeches against the measure were
made by Messrs. Pobtkb Smith and J
Q. Smith. J. II Hubiuhu also stated
that his Inability to sep that Council hodany
authority In the premises would not
permit him to voto Tor the exemption.
PoKTgit SMiTn'a speech was one of unuoual
pith and point and so greatly pleased the
lobby, that tticy gavo.him rounds of applause.
In the First Drench Messrs.
Hum, Stanton, Sciumbiu And Amiwin
spoke against the resolution and
Messrs. llomno and Wilwin lor 1L Mr.
SriNToN's argument though brief was of
answerable force and logic, and Mr. Wilson
though ho occupied a fow minutes in
reply scarcely attempted an answer at all
on the merits of the question. The remarks
made by Mr. Blair were also very
pertinent and forcible. We have notes
of tho discussion In the First Branch and
may be able to give our readers portions
ol It.
Having uttered our opinions of this
action Ireely belore it was consummated,
our convictions navo undergone no
change unci wo can only ciprraa
our regrets, now that the deed in done
Ho far M it could do It by an unlawrul
net, Council baa bartered the birthright
of the city lor a mens of pottage; and a
precedent hag been set that cannot fail to
return to plague the inventor, ttliull not
those who have done thia thing bo held
answerable to the community whoso
rights they have betrayed and whose
law they have violated, and be remembered
when tliey ask for places of public
trust In future V
Wk understand," sayB the (loltlen
Age, "that old Mr. Bennett, the founder
of the UeraUi, has 10 greatly lailcd in
health ami strength that he now takes
almost no interest in anything, and is
gliding gently imo neipiessness unci secnnd
clillilbood, Fur months piist wo
have noticed 1111 unusual reticence concerning
liim liy tho press at largo. He
Iihm ceased to bo sneoted at and abused.
His name still stands at tho head of tho
great newspaper which ho called Into life
and |H>wer, tiut bis cotomporarles, who
Tor so many years gave him a dally blow,
now retrain lrom Kicking tho sick lion,
Old age anil weakness thus enrno not unattended
with compensation alter bII."
It Is known that since Mr. lionnett retired
lrom actlvo business, his occupation
has been wholly devotional. Wo trust
that Mr. Tilton does not regard this as a
I lorm of rapid decay, and indicative of a
loss ol Intellectual vigor.
When a woman makes up her mind to
have any thing she is pretty sure to get it.
Probably that assertion will not be disputed.
At any rato an llllustratlon ol lis
truth comes from Cincinnati. Tho good
damo of a citizen of that placo could not
npraiiAfln hup nnousn to ffHt her a Datcnt
clothes -dryer, Bo nho took tlio pole nut
Irom tlio old-fashioned lino tho other
evening, anil crouching down behind tho
lenco. streamed "murder.". In an instant
her startled lord camo (lying out of tho
house, was caught across tlio throat by
tho doth lino, and beforo ho could recover
himself It had noarly unwed his
head oil'. Tho noxt morning a sombrelooking
Individual, with his ncok all
dono up in cloths and bandages, was
seen putting up n patent clothes-dryer
In the yard, How many divorce suits
might bo saved by a like simplo expedient?
_
Tub Onto SitNATonamr.?A Washington
telegram to tho Providence Journal
says:
"Tho Ohio Republicans have decided to
bring out Judge Bingham as a Senatorial
candidate, ami his friends will work hopefully
for his micccie as a compromise candidate
on which tho outiro Republican
vote can be consolidated."
"Oatii." with cruel sarcasm, writes:
"Tho heavy dew on tho Ohio river having
ceased to fall, Congress will bo required
this winter to vote an appropriation Into
tin, or nnss a statute to tilt tID
tho Gull ol Mexico. How coil they ejpcct
navigation Id tho Ohio when they use it
for drinking -wntor in at least three cities,
anil at Cincinnati to fun a tounttib."
The Journal says all the salt furnaces In
Mason county, thirteen in number, are
running.
ALEXIS
(Jenerons C'.ft* for the Poor.
Nrw York, Dcccmhor 14 ?The Buke
Alexis has contributed 15,000 to the poor
of New York. It Is understood tliat he
has clvcn *3,000 for the poor of Boston,
anil that h? Will add *11,000 to the Chicago
renei innu.
MnNTiiRAt,, Dec. 13.?ThcOrand Duke,
Alexis, Brrlved ?t Montreal tills evening.
He wh met at tlio station hy Hie Mayor
and deputation of the Council, beaidcaa
aeoneoursooi citizens. A cordial welcome
was extended to the Itoyal gnest,
after which the party was escorted to the
Bt. Lawrence H?tel._
CINCINNATI.
CmrrsnATi, December 14.?The transfer
of the property donated by the city to
Fort Wayne, Indiana, for the Waliasli railroad,
for tho erection of their machino
shops, was made yesterday. It Is valued
at ?:in,(X)0. tn addition 115,000 In city
bonds waa also given.
?Mr. Hulburd, Comptroller of the Currency,
has suspended Mr. C'allender, tlio
bank examiner for New York City.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PEES8 HEPOBT.
Exclusively to the latelligeucor.
(By tho Western Union Lino.
Oflco Horth>WMt cor. of Main aud Monroe aU.)
THE PRINCE OF WAIVES.
aiiatkmknt ob gllavbk 8ym1tom8.
London, December 14.?1Tho following
bulletins wi re issued to-day at HandringUuiu:
The l'rince slept during the night
There is some abatement of the graver
symptoms.
London, December 14?Noon.?The
PrltiPd lina hrnn trim,.nil *>11 mnrnfntr
Tlioguin of last night is maintained.
a blight improvement.
Nrw York, December 14.?A dispatch
from London, as late as noon to-day, indicates
a slight improvement in the condition
or the Prince.
hopes ok recovery expressed.
London, December 14?2:80 p. m.?
No further change has been reported in
tho Prince's condition. Hopes of his re*
covcry are freely expressed, and public
feeling is more contldcut.
highest medical authority predicts
his {recovery.
Worlil'n Hpocltl.
London, December 14.?the highest
medical authority gives the assurance
that tho I'rince of Wales will recover.
London, December 14?1:40 p. m.?
An official bulletin from Handlngbam
announces that tho Prlnco of Wales lias
passed a quiet afternoon and evening.
The symptoms remain unchanged since
morning.
II. It. ii. is "unquiet" AOAIN.
London, December 15?2 a. y.?The
physicians in attendance on tue Prince
of Wales at Sandringhsin issued a bulletin
lit 1 a. m. stating that I lis Royal Highness
had been very unquiet since ten
o'clock last night.
London, December 15.?5 a. -m.?J4uter
dispatches from Handringhain say that
tho Princo ol Wales is decidedly better
and takes his loud well. IIis strength is
greater and there are strong hopes of a
continued progress towards recovery.
The Queen and Princess Louise yesterday
visited the room of the Princo, who is improving.
NEW YORK CITY.
New Yohk, December 14.?tlioChamber
of ''ommerce yesterday discontinued
distributing money to persons made destitute
by the Chicago lire, who huvo conic
to this city.
At u meeting of the Police Commissionoreyesterday,
3luy or Hull, who Isu memher
of tho Commission, presented u communication
announcing tliut ho will vote
for non-interference with tho procession
ot tlio Internationalists by tho police. The
Mayor stutcH that he does not find any
antognism against the pending procession
or Unit it would lead to a riot. The procession
will take nlnco next Sunday.
It Is considered probable that the Supremo
Court at Albany will decide to reduce
Connolly's bail.
Tlio Union Square National Hank was
obliged to closo yesterday by order of
Comptroller llurlbut. It had arranged
with the ahoe and Leather Hank to cover
its clenrlngs, aud it is alleged that the
hank threw them out without notice. Unfounded
rumors were in circulation yesterday
that various other banks had failed.
Tlio amfount realized from the salo ot
Alexander Whito'i collection of paintings
from Chicago was $01,000.
The depositors of the Ocean Ilank bad
a meeting this afternoon, at which it was
stated that tho bank tailed only for $17,000,
whilo the Kccelvor asserts that its
assets arc over #1,000,000.
Tim ilirnntnra nf thn Hank of North
America have been culled to account lor
aiding the lock-up In money.
Tlio receiver of tho Ocean Bank pnld
todny $00,000 ol Hie sum duo tho Clearing
llomo; the balance will bo paid today.
Ho believes that $200,000 ol tlio
$32(1,000 discounted bills are good.
Tlio Communist General, W. A. Oblln'ski,
has arrived hero Irom Paris.
Tlio small-pox is now said to bo epidemic
in Brooklyn.
A challenge from Tom Kelly to .Too
Coburn for a prize Rght Ib published today.
At a special meeting of tho Board ol
Public Commissioners tills afternoon, a
resolution was passed rescinding tho order
which directed the Hu|>crintcnUcnt to
prevent the parade of the International
Boolotlea on Bundav; and another resolution
was adopted Instructing the Superintendent
to take the necessary measures
to prevebt a breach of tho joaCo on the
occasion of such procession, and to protect
tlio public from disorder and violence.
Tills afternoon Miss Tcnnlo C. Clallln
appeared at Jeflormm Market Court, and
complained to Justice Shandely that Jier
father and mother wero a source of continunl
annoyance to her and Mrs. Woodboll,
Bhe complained specifically that
they went to her residence Wednesday
evening lost and created a great disturbance.
Justice Shandley issued .a summons
for their appearance to-morrow
morning to answer the chargo of thoir
daughter.
Wm. Wright settled to day, on the basis
o( seventy-live cents on a dollar, and will
resume shortly.
A private letter from Havana, says It is
believed there that tin) late Gov. Hobcrls,
a brother of the Spanish Minister at
Washington, caused the arrest of the students
for the purpose of extorting money
from their parents, and unexpectedly
found himself unable to control the Spanish
mob.
The committoo appointed by the Clearing
House liavo made a thorough examination
into the allalrs and condition of
the National llank of the Commonwealth,
and report said bank as perfectly solvent,
and that they have cntiro confidence in
IbO Wiility of the bank to pay all Its liabilities.
At n special meeting 01 cigar mnmoircturers
to-dny, a petition was adopted
praying Congrats to consider tho law taxing
mnnuiacturera of tobttcco and cigars,
and amend it so as to more clearly define
the duties of the revemio ofllers, whoat
present an) In the hahlt of putting their
own construction on the law, both to the
detriment of the Government and the
Trade. The petition nlso prayed Tor the
abolition of the present system requiring
manufacturers to furnish bondsmon.
_A $15,000 Are hns just occurred at
AprW?ni "is
CONGRESSIONAL.
Washington, December 14,1871.
IXOUtJE.
Mr. Burciiaiid offered u resolution calliug
on tlic Secretary ol the Treasury for
information as to the number ot persona
employed, and tho total' compensation
paid therefor in the collection ot customs
for the flscul year, ending the 30th ol
June. 1671, in the United States, and separately
in the districts of New York,
Philadelphia, Boston, New Orleans, Baltimore
aud Sun Francisco, also tho amount
of additional compensation paid to such
employees as fees, moieties, traveling und
contingent expenses, also to take the
umoum paid iu the same in the United
States for the collection of customs, uml
lor the erection, repair, completion or
furnishiug of custom bouses. Adopted.
The House then wept into a Committee
of Whole, Mr. Buffin^ton in tho Chair,
und resumed consideration of the apportionment
bill. Various propositions were
umuoanu auscussou, principally turning
on tbu number of representatives of wliicu
the llouso should bo compoaed. The
number was eventually fixed at 283.
On motion ot Mr. Gahkiki.d an amendment
was also adopted providing that no
new State bIihIL lien-al'ier bo admittod
having a lots jxipular vot? than la now
fixed as tho ratio of representation.
Finally tho committee rose and reported
the bill.
Mr. Niulack moved to lay tho bill on
tho table. Negatived, yea* 00, nay,115.
Mr. pAfiNswoiiTii moved to strike Out
Mr. Pottbu's amendment. Negatived,
yeas 87, nays 117.
The bill wtis then passed without discussion.
It urovides that tho House shall
consist of 283 members, distributed as fol-
lows:
Mtlne 5 Kentucky 10
New Uampahlro 8 Tennesson 9
Vuiniout 8 Indiana 13
Massachusetts 11 Illinois lit j
Ithodo IslAiul 2 Missouri 13
Connecticut.... 4 Arkansas 4 1
Now York .88 Michigan l? I
Now Jersey 7 Vlorlda 1
Pennsylvania W Texas
Delaware 1 Iowa 0
Maryluud fi Wisconsin
Virginia U 4'allfornU 4 i
Nprih Carolina I h Minnesota :i
Hontb Carolluu 5 Oregon I
Georgia U Kansas
Alabama 7 West Virginia a i
Louisiana,.. ft Ifelirdtilta.... l
Ohio SO 1
Tho limine! uiljoiiriiuil until to-imirrow. 1
SENATE.
Mr. PuHMNonirvsBSprcnentipdtlibliott* i
tiun ot tlio Yc|czucla Steamship Coiupa- j
ny, asking redress for the seizure of their
Mteiinicrs by Venezuela, and said that the i
complaint against Venezuela might yet
necessitate severe measures on tlie part of
our government. i
Mr. SUMNlfiK said that ho had examined
the question ami louiul his own country in
the wrong. I
Mr. BuckiNtfitAir presented h memorial i
against woman BUflrago, and said that
more than 10,000 of the most rellned and respectable
women in tho country have
signified to Congress their unwillingness
to have tho responsibilities of suffrage
thrust upon them. This protest contains tho
names ol many of tho most respected,
talented and Influential women of the i
country. In looking over tho list 1 find i
that I know many of them. They lire i
many women ui k""" ?"u
Judgment is entitled to consideration.
They don't Buy anything about tliu nbstruct
right of sullrnge, tiut tlicy say tluit
having already llicir lull share of burdens
unci rospondbtlitiea of lilo they leur tliat
others more bold tliun they may succeed
In having imposed upon them other burdens
and responsibilities unsuited to tlteip,
und therefore thev nsk Congress to protect
them from these dangers. They suy that
the extension ol suffrage to thfem will be
adveiso to tho interests of the working
women; that it will introduce a fruitful
element of discord interesting the nntrriugo
relation, and it will bo fraught with
danger to the general good order of the
country. 1 sympathize with them. I see
no possible benefit which cuti urise by the
exteuslon ol sullrago to women to tlio
country.
Mr. Conklikg presented a petition
from New York soldiers in the lato war,
recounting tiie services of women in the
war and asking congress to make some
K revision for tho acknowledgment of their
erolc and charitable work.
Hills were Introduced and referred us
follows: liy Mr. Huott?To promote tho
securing of cflieicnt seamen for tho navy.
l)y Mr. HAytAN?For tho relief ol certain
settlers on the public lamlsin Iowa
Mr. Tiirntum.I. asked Mr. Hiikbuan
when tho Committee on iuaneo intended
to report House bill repealing (lie duties
on coal anil rait.
Mr. tiiiKit.MAN Hiiiil lie thought It utinilvlsable
to tako up turifl mutters separately
from the interim! tnxes.
Mr. TlttiM nui.tr?1Then I !>lvo notice
tlmt to-morrow I will move to diselmrRO
tlie Commitleu on Finance from the further
consideration of tho Home lrtli repealing
tlio duty on cnnl and salt.
On motion ot Mr. Wilson tho Senate
took up tho House bill to equalize tho pay
ol vi.rkinpmen under the eight hour law.
Mr. TnCMntiV.i.'a amendment repealing
the law was reud, but at tho request or
Mr. Wimon, Mr. TnuHBtiM.'s withdrew
his amendment in order not to ombarrnss
the original bill.
Mr. Fbiikv, ot Ct, reviewed it,- when
the bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
tl... 11.i>m rr.oilin.wl It.n riilwlitni-.
atlon or Mr. Anthony's resolution to
ereato a Coraroittco on Retrenchment,
Willi Mr. Tkumiiui.l'h amendment nutiiorizing
it to sit (luring reeensand tend
lor nemons and papers.
Sin. Wilson warned his Republicin
friends that they wer placing their party
in a false posltioh before tho country already,
and that thero were millions
throughout thecountry who hollered that
an attempt had hern niado In the United
states Senate toshleld the administration,
lie hoped there would ho a unanimous
vote for Mr. Titi.MiiULI.'fl resolution I
90 as to let tho people rto that
Republicans were dcterminod| to keep I
the administration pure In all Its depart-
inentK, He had no sympathy with the 1
plan of covering our own shortcomings I
I17 talking of the gigantic swindles in 1
New York. There' were Itcpuhlic&n 1
thieves as well as Democratic thiotes, I
and tho Republican thlel to hint was the 1
far more hateful of the two, because ho 1
brought disgrace upon the Republican 1
party. Notwithstanding tho defects of
the 'present administration it was (ar I
purer and more cfllcicnt than most of Its 1
predecessors. No administration had over
been no prompt in punishing delinquency t
Among its oftlccra.
Mr. BhAin?Tho Senator is very boast- i
Ail about t!?o purity and rigor of the admin
titration. I wish to cull liis attention to
i\ cmc in Arkansas, where the District 1
Attorney and Marshal were both removal
from office Tor procuring an indictmcnt I
against a innn lor violating a hw of the 1
I United States. i
Mr. Wilson?1 don't know whether
that wua bo or noL
Mr. Ulaiu reiterated his statement.
Mr. Wilson said bo was not boastful ot
the administration, lie simply desired to
bo just, and therefore;ho said that tho administration
wus seeking progress in tho
right direction, although a good deal
inoro of it was necessary, lie wus not
one ot those Republicans who thought
the Democratic party was dead, but he
expected to encounter them in full forco
next year, and he warned his friends
against relaxing their etlorts in any
ucgicu IU wuu vow uuj*; luai luvy vyumu
meet no Virgiuians in spposition in 1872.
Mr. Kyk opposed Mr. Tuummuli/s
resolution lor certain gentlemen in the
Republican party who thought the President
was becoming to bo a popular devised
scheme of civil service reform, and
under that cry they were now attempting
to revive the old committeo with nil
extraordinary powers of sendiug for personc
and papeas.
Mr. Tiilhman?The Senator objects
to sending lor persons and papers. Wheru
was his voice on the memorable occasion,
when a committeo of tbo Houso of
Representatives was examining into the
conduct and affairs of the Senators to
discover whether they had not been
bribed to acquit' Andkhw Johnson, and
were ransackiog the telegraph ollices to
get at something that might compromise
those Senators.
Mr. Nyb?Just whero it is now. Give
mo another such a set of circumstances
and 1 will vote tor it again. Hut there is
no such occasion now. There is peace in
tho ranks now savo with one here and
there, who would be greater than his muster.
Laughter.
Mr. Sen u it/ replied to Mr. Nyk, and in
tho course of his remarks said that the
legitimate npccch of a comcdiau id gonerully
within the walls of the theatre, but if
Lho Senator is satisfied with tho role he
plays here nohody else has reason to be
JiBsatisiled. Those who defend a bad
causo always resort to a certain lino of defense.
They uttempt to throw suspicion
>n tho motives ot those who Attack ho.
The Senator from Nevada (Nyb) like other
Senators here, makes no attempt to disapprove
any of the facts that 1 stated
yesterday In regard to tho Ndw York custom
house, but simply throws aspersion
on my motives and accuses ine of insinuating
that Mr. Loots' service in the army
diould prevent liiin from obtaining employment
in tho civil service o( tho government,
and that the President had
lomcthing to,do with the cortagc business
in New ork\ I wish to say a low words
in reply to tho Senator from Now York
Mr. Conklinu.) lie said yesterday that
the investigation of tho New York custom
liouse was closed up by tho Committee on
Itctrcnchmcnt last year. Tho committeo
lid undoubtedly believe that the case was
['lo3C(l, for it had reason to believe that
when such scandals as it exposed were
I....I lu.ro II.n i.ilmlmulp.ition vurtnl.t iumn
it the chance to put mi end to tho (lis*
graco. Hut it turns out that they wore
vastly mistaken, lor tho same scandalous
lyHtum of robbing exists down to this day,
In spite ol tlin exposures made by thu
joinndttee. TheBonator also asked why
we have proposed in legislation to remove
lliesu abuses. because no legislation was
necessary, Thu abuses were created by
executive action in the ndminifltrutiou of
Ihe custom iiouse, and they could bo done
iway with by executive action.
Thu Senator objected to what I said ot
the power which sustains this system. I
lid say?-having laid thu evidence buforu
he tienatu?that when the most respeetiblo
merchants of New York had protestid
against this system ol robbery; when
the ttecretary of the Treasury had time
ind again pronounced Against it, and
when still it was sustained and kept alive
lown to this very day?I did say, in view
jt this evidence, that there must be some
nysterious power sustaining that system
itrougcr then a decent regard for public
jplnion, and stronger than tho Bccretary
?t thu Treasury himself. [Mr. Pattkii>on
here interposed to make an explanaion
and reply to a remark inado' by Air.
riiUMiiUMi.] I do say that there are inipcctors
in thu custom house In New
ifork who stated beforo tho committee,
mder oath, that* in violation or their
)tllcial oaths, and in violation ot the laws
>f tho land, they had taken bribes, and
hat they took bribes every time they dis
iliargcd a vessel and I say further, that
lio agent* nl the Btcamer Company told
110 tuey could not get their vessels dls:harged
without bribing tfie Officials.
Mr. Huiinkii-'I should like to know
whether those men are continued In
jflice.
Mr. Pattkhson?I have no knowledge
>f their ever having been removed; 1
mow nothing about
Sir. Bciiunz?The Senator from Indlinn
(Morton) says that my remarks yes;crday
cast a reflection on the Hepubllcan
party. How so? Do not wo all prolan
0 bo In lavor ot a reform, and yet when
1 member o( this body attempt* to lay
iiare the gross abuse, tho cry is raised that
ae is trying to Injure tho Kopubllcan parly.
My motives have been reflected upon,
ind I, and thoso with whom I act, have
been asked what object wo pursue. I am
ready to tell tho Senate. My object Is to
uncover, denounce and to try to have corrected
any Md cvety ?bnse wherever I
san lay my hand upon It, withrtut regard
lo how it will effect tho interests or advantages
ot a party, and without regard
i/> thin or that nornnn tnnv llkn it
Drool I am IB l?vor ol n reform, and I
ini in (load oarncBt. I do not moan to deoounco
abases on tho other aide to shield
tlio abuses among my own friends. I
want to put theso on to the very bottom
si tho sore, and unless wo do that wo do
nothing.
Mr. Tipton followed In support ot Mr.
rnt'MncM.'s proposition, lie cited Mr.
Morton's statement ol yesterday tliat
Iho objects of theso who befrended that
proposition was to show that great corrnption
exists under the present administration,
and said it was exactly what lie
wished tho people to understand. It is to
ihe other branch of Mohtor's charge
Hint this movement was an attach on Ihe
Republican party. It was not true that
lio(Trrrou] mado no attack on tho liepublican
party; on the contrary he desired
to redeem that |>arty from the curse that
had como upon It through mistakes in the
idmlnistration and corruption of itsofllciils.
Mo bolicved that there was corrup
;inn liecp nnu uwuuiDg 1111 uirmiun
;his administration. The motives
)f those who sought to refire
the Committee on Retrenchment
were colled In question, could not n man
lieliere that even In the Rennte there
might ho lonml better lender for the
Republican party than the intellectual
"ollossus now Setting in the White Douse,
without being therefor accused of unfailliInirtess
to the party, would it be said there
wits only ono man in the country under
whom the Republicans could train and be
loyal. The Senator from Indiana, Mr.
MonTnN, had boasted tliat it was a tlialinguishiug
mark of the Republican party
Hint it was prompt to punish wrong
doings among its numbers. He (Tipton)
bail once tbat belief, but be bail been
prescribed and puniabed for it over since.
Mr. Trumbull's amendment was rejected
by u vote oi 21 yeas to S15 nays.
Tho following Republicans voted for it:
Messrs. Alcorn, Kenton, Logan, Patterson,
liobcrtson, BcUura, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, West, and Wilson.
Tbo original resolution was then adopted.
Mr. Tkumuull Iben moved to instruct
the committee, proposed in tbo resolution
just adopted, tu inquire into all subjects
enumerated iu his rejected amendment,
and made a few remarks, lie denied tbat
be bad done, or proposed orsaid anything
hostile to the administration or tho Hepublican
party, llu was astounded at the
ground taken by ccrtuin Senators iu this
debate. Ho was hostllo to nonewbo were
not uisnoncst una corrupt, ana would
any Senator undertake to sav thattho administration
or party did not desire
honesty in tho Government. Tho President
had declared in favor of a reloriu.
Mr. Morton saiil that tho drift of the
dcbato was a rellectiou on tho Kepublieon
party and administration that it was corrupt.
Mr. Thumuull?llavo I ever said or
intimated that.
Mr. MoutOn replied that Irom tho spirit
of tho Senator's remarks ho interred that
he (TnujinuLL^ did believe that gross
corruptions existed under the present administration,
but ho was glad now to lind
that ho did not think so.
Mr. Truuhull said ho believed great
abuses did exist under this administration,
abuses that had existed .uuder all administrations.
But ho believed that the great
inerea.se in tho amount of patronage had
naturally called an Increase in tho abuse
also; ho had not said however, that more
corruption existed under this than under
tbo previous administration, but;thCn ho
wished thin administration to,i>o better
thiin all its pfrodocessors, and tlio Kepublican
party tq be nurer.
ALr. Mohton?1 am glad to hear the
Senator decluro his dovotiou to the liepublican
party, but I did understand the
spirit of his speeches to bo dillerent.
However I accept his statement ol his
position. Now as to this queition ot reform
there seems to bo a disposition on
the part ol sonro pdoplo in this country
to become professional reformers par excellence.
They seem to desire to monopolize
that business and sit themselves over
men who hate corruption. Now 1 desire
to inform these gentlemen, whoever they
nmy lie, that for one I shall not allow
them to mono|>oli/.o that business. 1 claim
to bo as good reformer as any ol them,
although I don't mako audi high pretensions.
Mr. ThumiiuIjL said Mr. Mouton was
extremely kind to nccept his statement.
Tho tienator claimed to bo a reformer,
but ho had a queer way of showing it.
noi long ago, in a upcecti in ?t. bourn, 110
had eulogize tho civil scrvicc as It elands
at present.
Air. Mohton remarked Unit In tlml
spccch he had said of the civil service,
while there were many reforms and improvement!!
which could ho made in it,
and which the Kepuhlican party would
make, lie did believe that, on the whole,
wo had thu host Civil Service in tho
world, and he did mv the saino now.
Mr TliUMmiMr?Well, if tlioro Is anywhere
In tho world n worse civil service
than that of the United Slates, I pray
(lod to deliver that people from it.
(Laughter.) I feel less disposed than ever
to submit Mr, Moiiton'b Republicanism)
to a tost, after Ills declaration that wo
have tho best civil service in tho world.
My Republicanism is not partisan; I care
nothing for it, except as a party with
great principles, and Hit ever comes to
bo used as a cover for frauds and iniquities,
tho honest people ol tho country
will overwhelm us, as they ought to.
At B r. si., without reaching a voto on
Mr. Tliultnntiti'B motion, tho Senate went
into Executive session, and Boon niter adjourned.
EXIT ACKEKMAN. .1
Another (Jushing Correspondence but
nn f.'prllfirittn.
The following Is a corrcspondenco bo- i
twccn Attorney General Ackerman anil i
President Grant: i
"Di'.I'AHTMI'.STOV ,f(jstick WASItlNO-
ton, December 111, 1871,?To the l\(f!uknt. I
?8mI hereby resign the ofllce of At-
torney General ol the United States. This
resignation to tako eiiect in accordance I
with tlio wish which you verbally express-
oil to mo to-day, on tho 10th of January i
npxt. A. T. Ackbhman. i
DitPAHTMENT ok JUSTICE, Dec. 18.?
To tlx I'raulent?AmIn tendering the
accompanying resignation ol the ofllce
of Attorney-General, permit mo to
express my grateful sense of kindness
which I have uniformly received from 1
you during my service in tho ofllce, and 1
my ardent wishes lor tho continued sue I
cessot your administration.
[Signed] A. T. Ackriucax. j
Ex. Maksion, Washington, Doc. 18-
?To lhn. A. T. Ackerman, All'y (Jtn'l?
Df.ak Bun In accepting your resignation
an Attorney General hi take e fleet on the
lOtii ol January, permit mo to renew tile
assurances of my liigb regards for you
personally and iny appreciation of the
/.eid which you linvo brought to the olllco
which you have so honorably filled. I
can roler with piido to the uniform bar-
inony which litis constantly existed, not
only between us, but also between your-
sell anil colleagues in the Cabinet, all of
whom I know unite with lne in hcartv i
wishes for your future prosperity, health
anil happiness.
Your personal note accompanying vour
letter of resignation is gratefully received,
as a token of reciprocity of the kind Bern
tlmcnt which I shall ever appreciate.
Very Kcflpectlully.
[Bigoed] U. S. Grant.
The Treaty with I?nglnnd-~The Administration
Outwitted by the flrit*
libers*
Nrw York, December 14 ?The Herald'*
special dispatch from Wflaldngton
says that it appears to have been discovered
that the British government completely
outwitted the administration on
that part of the treaty of Washington,
providing for the appointment of arbitrators,
ana that a decision adverse to
the position and interests of the United
Utntoa will I.II tlin rncnlt ,,f ll.n/l,,,.
conlerencc. Onty two out of five of the 1
arbitrators fire friends of a Ikpubllcan
form of government. It in s^id tlmt the
upshot or this will be the re-opening of
the Alabama dispute. The Spanish gov-
eminent is anxious to bring about a complicntlon
01 this kind, as it is pttflposed
not to be in favor of England's liability
for the escape ol the AlaWfoS, and because
she is desirous to hold the United
Htatea responsible for tfiri escape of the
Cuban privateers and protection given to
the Hornet and Florida. This subject
will bo ventilated in the House in a few
days, when the Alabama treaty comes
I tip for discussion.
WASHINGTON.
ACKKKMAN DISCAHDKD.
Washington, Dec. 11?Tho President
lian accepted the resignation or
Ackeiman, and will probably, to-dav, send
to tho Senate tlio name of Ueo. II. Williams,
of Oregon, as Attorney General in
bis place.
Oun. Charles E. Browne lus been
nominated for Pension Agent at Cincinnati,
vice Win. E. Davis to bo removed.
The President sent to the Senate to-day
the names ot Joseph M. Cary, to be Associate
Justice ot the Supreme Court of
Wyoming; Bcnj. J. Sweet, of Illinois, to
be First Deputy Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue. i
The House Committee on Commerce
Ibis morning gave a licuriiig lo tho delegation
of ateamboatmen.
TUo War Department, iu General Or- 1
dcrs, announce to tho army the Ueatli of
Brig. Gun. Robt. Anderson, o/Fort Sumter
memory, and pays a handsome com- i
pliment to his military services and pri- i
vato character. On the arrival of his ro-
mains on the shipof-war Quorrier, proper
orders will bo issued to do them honor.
The British bark Chance and ilowaian
bark Arctic, the vessels which saved and
brought to Honolulu the wrecked seamen
of the whaling ilect recently brukcu up by
the ice in the North Pacific, have presented
this government a claim for ser-
vices rendered to the amount of $l),520.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
The Southern Claims Commission made
a report to Congress to day. They way that
voluntary resilience in an insurrectionary i
State during tho war is prink?faoto evi- i
dence of disloyalty, and must bo rebutted
by satisfactory evidence. Claims have i
come from those who servedin tho rebel
army, and the Commissioners hold that
such service is proof of disloyally. Tho
whole number of claims praaAited up tx>
tho end of November is .10,0111), and the 1
entire amount $20,500,000. The Com- 1
mlssloners havo examined 680 cases, iu
which of the amount claimed,$1,(150,1357,
they allowed $340,108.
NEW ATTOllNKY OBMRRAL.
Tho Senate in Executive session today
took up tho nomination of Geo. II. Williams,
to bo Attorney General of the
United States, and unanimously continued
it without reference to a committee. Thin
was in accordauco with usage and cour-
tesy in every ease where a nominee had
been a member of the Senate, his eharacter
being sulllciontly known without requiring
a formal inquiry. j
Tho Henato in an extra session confirmed
tho lollowing nominations. George 1
II. Baker, ol Pa., Minister resident at Constantinople;
Thomas W. Bennett, of Ind.,
Governor of Idaho; Marsh (Hddintf8.nl
Mich.,Govornorol New Mexico; David B.
Ncvlr.s, of Pa., Pension Agent for the
widows' agency at Philadelphia; Iforatlo
G. Sickles, Pension Agent lor invalid pen(doners
at Philadelphia, vico William A.
Forbes, suspended under tho Tenure-of'
Oflico law.
The stenmboatmen had an interview
this morning with the Iloutje Committee
on Commerce, and are to have another
nudienre with the committee on Saturday
next. Heveral more delegates havo ar- I
rived ami taken their gouts in the Conven-
linn, which will continuo iif kbhIoii until
Saturday night.
The Committees on Appropriation ami 1
I'nbllc Buildings of the House field a con- I
mltation to-day. Tho former will report
in favor of $4,000,000 for tho nostofllco
building in Chicago, which will answer
for all tho government offices.
A pampiibt wan laid on the desks o! all i
tho members ol Congress to-day advocn- I
Ling a plan of government aid toward tho n
rebuilding of Chicago by the issue ol
money to owners of real estate there, sc- r
Mired at long dates on tho property.
Tho American and British Commission
to-day decided that the United States are 1
not liablo lor tho payment of debts con-
Iracted by tho rebel authorities. c
CHICAGO*
Chicaoo, December 14.-*I)r. O. II. j
Hess, formerly Business Manager of tho
Crosby Opera House, who, It will bo re
ihembered, attempted to commit suicide
i.few weeks ago by shooting himself, in
i saloon on State street, died last night
in Mere/ Hospital, from tho cllect of his _
wounds.
Tho remains of James Thompson, who
lias been missing since tho fire, was dis- c
jovereil yesterday afternoon under luo
Jcbrls or a building on Worth Clark
jtrcet. IIo was a man of considerable
wealth. i
The Directors and Stockholders of the V
Republican Firo Insurance Comfwiny of
this city have boon in session the past
Lwo days. Yesterday nothing of imporlanco
was accomplished, 'loday the 1
report of the Auditing .Committee, appointed
to examine into tlio financial
condition, was read. It set forth that
the total credit of indebtedness wan eight
inndred and elghly-four thousand dollars,
rho amount of Chicago clains filed but
not adjusted is one million one hundred
thousand dollars. Chicago claims not
pereented, five hundred thousand. Other
Iosrcs, sixty-ilvc thousand* Amount
required to cancel policies $751,000.
riie committee recommend that the stockholders
nay on the latter amoifnt until it
is all paid up arid the company's liabilities
liquidated. They also recommend that e
laid loss be adjusted as soon as possible
in the best terms attainable, but that in
the meantime no more business is to bo
transacted and no further liabilities to be
incurred and that no assessment should
l)e enforced beyond what Is absolutely
accessary for the exigencies of the occadon.
On motion the report was accepted
ind placed on file. It was moved and
carried that the Executive Committee of
Ihc Company bo requested to appoint
from their own number a subeWnmittce
to confer with those who have claims on
the compnnv,tiscertain In what amount at
compromise may be ellccteu for cash to
1)0 paid down on the first day of March
1872, and that said sub-committee consist
r?f three memtars, to report at the annual
mooting nfttio directors and stockholder,
which will take place in January next. I
Hirer New*i
Cairo, l)ccembomlw H?Arrived?
Arkansas Belle, Kvansville, 1 a. m.; Jim.
Howard, New Orleans, B a. M.; Colorado,
Power's Island, h a. m.; Arkansas, I)og.
tooth, 8 a.Sabine, Louisville, 10 a. tf.
Departed?Lady Leo, New Orleans, 11 p.
w; Arkansas Hello, 'Evansvillc, 7 a. m.;
Sabine, New Orleans, 10 a. m. Clear and
sold. I
Ship News.
Nkw Yoiik, December 14?Arrived?
Thurengia, irom Hamburg.
(IfiAStiow. Dnr^nihor !.?Arrived i
Steamer Iowa.
Movement* or Alexin.
Hoston, December 14.?Alexin ronchcd
Concord this mnrninff, where ho was
Kivon i\ cordial reception.
FOIlEIGHsT.
EGYPT*
TUo Drowuiug or the Algerian Piluriuitt
at Aleiundriu?-i:iiolera*
Hbw Youk, December 14.?A letter
from Alexandria, Egypt, given the details
of the drowning of 75 Algeriau pilgrims.
Tliey hud arrived in thu outer harbor on
their way to Mecca, when protests from
the Consuls against their lauding were
made on the ground that they would didscminatu
cholera and other contagious
diseases. Orders were giveu to land them
outsido, and they weru taken from the
steamer on a lighter and whilo being
towed ashore it was struck by another
lighter, cutting her to tflu waters edge.
Hhesank immediately, carrying all dowu.
Tho event caused no particclar sensation
in Alexandria.
Tlic same letter says flic entire coast is
restless under the cholera scourgo. Alexandria,
which ia the great highway to and
from India, threatens to disseminate the
cholera around the globe.
(iKKMAAV.
13 Bit LIN. December 14.?A provincial
correspondent regards the message ot
Thiers to the Assembly as a fresh pledge
of tho pacific intentions of the French
government
FRANCE.
Paiiis, December 14.?It is reported
lhattho Orleans Princes have determined
to take their Beats in tho Assembly at an
uunjr u?ijr, mm niai iuov, wuun mere, win
ict with tho party of tho right.
ENGLAND.
London, Decciubcr 14.?-Tho. ronort
that Parliament will be convened in Jaunary
i? contradicted."
Tho Weather To-Day*
WAn Dipartmint,
Ornci optiii CHiir Hibmal orrioiR,
Waiiiinoton, 1). 0., Dec. 14-7:80 p. m.
I'llO 11A111 I<IT IKH.
A tailing barometer and raiu will probably
advance northeastward along tho
Atlunfic coast; the barometer will fall
with increasing southerly winds from tho
tipper lakes westward; a rising barometer
with cool northerly winds will extend
from Alabama westward, and a tailing
barometer and cloudy weather ou tho
Oregan coast. Dangerous winds are not
anticipated lor fhir coasts this evening.
LEAVENWORTH*
LkAVRNWOHTU. 1)(1P? 11? A mnvnmpnt
for municipal reform lias been inaugurated
in this city. Tliu committer appointed
by the Citkor.s Association had n meet*
ing last night to prenaro an amendment to
the citv charter. It is proposed to abolish
several unnecessary ofllces and cut down
Iho salaries of others about fifty per cent.
Woman Ktiflrngn in Wyoming.
Ciikyknnk, Wy.j December 14.?The
bill to repeal the law in Wyoming to give
women the right of suffrage having
passed the (Jovernor's veto to the con:rary
notwithstanding in tho House, was
oat In the Council for want ol a twoihirds
vote.
UEOIUUA.
Atlanta, Dec. 111.?'Tho citizens of
fackson county deny that any parties
Ircd upon the United States soldiers, and
my that the report waa circulated tho
wrpofo of having the County put under
nartial law. _
?The? Kentucky Ilotiso has passed to
ho second reading the Cincinnati Houthirn
railroad hill; vote, (12 to IK). The Oth
>f January has been fixed for its discusion.
?Tjie residence of J. W. Fort, near
CingHtown, Indiana, burnt Wednesday,
jdfto $4,000; insuranco $2,500, in tho
Tltna.
^MKltlCAN AN1) FOREIGN
WATOHE8, sterling
Silver and
Silver Plated Waro,
:ine Jewelry of Every Description
notn and .nr.ygii ukadkd va.whh,
Fronoli and Amorloan Clocks, &o.,
Mill SAt.K CfllCAI',
At tho Old Ifld Reliable Jewelry Blore of
c. P. BROWN,
iliHMtw No. WAamttrfflWHALL.
Educational.
VIIWINIA UNIVERSITY,
l&71-72r
Tho lart Catalogue thowH an attendance of 171
ItndcnU at tbla IiinUtntlon. FI?o dlallnrt Div
artmenta or Inatrnrtlon, with a fall corps ol
ompctcnt Profeteorj.
The Anclont and Modern Languages; Mathonatlca,
pnre and applied: Psychology, Rthlca,
'olltlcal Kconomy, Logic, Rhetoric, the Science#,
kc.. Ac., carefally and thoroughly taught. PracIcal
Chemistry* and Physlra, Illustrated byapironrlate
apparatufl.? Bpcclal advantages for the
itnily of Geology.
A good Library. Bitenslve Cabinet* of MlnTtlogy,
Geology and C'onchology; together with
nany specimens In other department* of Natural
llatory. Finn btilldlnga; boantlful and healthy
ocatlonigood socloty.
Paix Tan* beglna Beptemfxr 6th. Winter
JecemberBtb. Hpt-ing, March 90th. t'ommencencnt,
June JOth. m
Hoarding from M to fl por weok.
Tnltlon, from f IB to $14 per your.
For farther pirtlcnlar*, fnrinlro of
ALBX. MARTIN, President.
Jefl Morpantown, Went Va.
Code of West Va.
FOR BALE.
By direction of the Seore:ary
of the State, I offer for
talelcoples of the
LJode oi West Virginia
The price as fixed by th
Secretary is Five Dollars pe
rolume. If by mall, 80.64.
Address,
JOHN FREW,
Wheeling, W. Va.
tnrMtw