jpe j|ttqmwr,
LITCHFIELD, CONN. __
Thursday, Nov. 2, 1871.
our enlargement.
We give our subscribers, this week,
double the amount of reading matter they
■have been receiving from us for a month
past, set in new type, and a paper enlarged
by the addition of one column to each
page in width, and two and a half inches
in length. The change involves, of
course, a large amount of additional ed
itorial work, and increased office expenses.
We have had little reason to complain of
our subscribers in time past, and we have
no doubt they will appreciate an effort
which, however it may result for us, will
certainly be to their advantage. We give
them a long delayed chance, this week, to
testify their approval by squaring sub
scription accounts, and should be glad if
they would also assist us by increasing
our subscription list among their neigh
bors. __
THE LOBBY.
Since the adjournment of the Legisla
ture, Hartford and New Haven have been
busy proving how little either city deserves
to be the capital of a respectable State, by
exposing the means they have each em
ployed to influence and even .corrupt its
Genera] Assembly. Prominent country
politicians and lawyers, candidates on the
State ticket, members of State Central
Committees, and even the clerks of the
Senate and House have received sums va
rying from an hundred to near two thou
sand dollars each, for services rendered to
one or the other of our eapital cities in the
late contest. Of the $26,000 disbursed by
New Haven alone, at the last session, over
$4,000 went to three prominent Democrats
of this debatable county. Few editors
adorn the roll of the Third House. Of
been goaded by the Hartford Post into tin
publication ef a justification, such as it is,
the gist of which is to be found in the fol
lowing paragraph
We have no variance with Mr. Bromley in any
war he may wage against a corrupt and villainous
lobby—one which operates by the pur-chase of
votes, and corrupts, and debauches members and
officers. But Mr. Bromley knows that in almost
all important measures persons are employed,
and properly, to watch their progress and attend
their passage through the legislature. When
such aid is uprightly rendered, it facilitates pub
lic business and promotes the public welfare.
He says such service is proper for lawyers. If it
is proper for a lawyer, then it is proper for a
minister, doctor, editor or blacksmith. The
question of individual fitness may properly be
left with the persons interested. What lawyer,
or dozen lawyers for that matter, could have
rendered the signal service to the Air Line rail
road that honest farmer David Lyman did—all
honor to his memory. No stain of dishonor ever
touched his reputation, and yet David Lyman
was conspicuously what Mr. Bromley would
stigmatize as a lobbyist.
£>ui now are outsiders to distinguish be
tween the “corrupt and villainous lobby”
and the rest We can only judge from the
amount received whether the lobbyist took
pay for himself alone, or for friends in the
Senate or House, also. The papers have
drawn very unkind inferences from Mr.
Victory C. Beers’ $1,700. Might not those
who do not know Mr. Byington infer the
like from his $1,200 The lobby of 1871
was of course composed of all grades from
the reputable lawyer engaged in legitimate
committee business, down to the corrupt
go-between, but there is not a respectable
Litchfield, county man who dabbled in the
capital puddle who is not bitterly annoyed
when he sees his name connected in the
papers with a sum of money received as a
lobbyist. That shows what he really thinks
of the business, and we believe that most
whose names are thus paraded side by
side with those of known traders in legis
lative cattle will shun legislatures in fu
ture, and that “ministers, doctors, editors
and blacksmiths” will let the legislature
of 1872 somewhat more severely alone than
they have done the legislatures of the few
past years.
But while we feel grateful to the New
WHaven Palladium and the Hartford Post,
especially to the latter, for the judicious
and very successful lobby bobbery they
have kicked up, we cannot forget that
those very cities are the principals in this
crime, the lobbyists only accessory. They
gave the lobby.a famous start in 1867—8
on the Bridge question, and it grew to its
present proportions under their fostering
care in the Capitol war of 1870—1. Those
cities have offered country ministers,
doctors, editors and blacksmiths,” sums
equal to half a year’s income for the servi
ces of a few woeks. Some of these were
evidently go-betweens whom they have
employed to bribe members of the legis
lature—the dirtier the work, the higher
the pay—and now, having got the exact
service required and paid the wages of
such service, they talk much as if three
virtuous parties—the legislature of Con
necticut and its two precious capitals—
had been insulted by corrupt advances
from a commodity of country “ministers,
doctors, editors and blacksmiths!”- If
some of the money intended for the party
of the first part remained in the pockets of
these agents of the parties of the second
and third part, is the “corruption” greater
or less than if it had passed on
The simple truth is that so long as such
corporations as the New York and New
Haven Railroadtcompany and the cities of
Hartford and New Haven have heavy leg
islative battles to fight, nearly every year,
there will be a great demand for lobbyists,
and we may be sure the supply will meet
the demand. The only remedy possible
lies in avoiding the special legislation out
of which those legislative battles arise. It
is to be hoped, too, that the Hartford and
New Haven battle is over though if an
other $26,000 would bring another capitol
appropriation, would New Haven be too
virtuous to organize another country lob
by We do not see,either, what more there
is left for the Consolidated New York,New
Haven, Hartford and Shore Line railroad
company to ask, so that there will proba
bly be a lull in railroad matters, next year.
May we not hope, then, that our Litchfield
county representation will be reduced to
its legitimate forty-three
Cmw ih Eubope.—Reports from Eu
rope indicate a very short wheat crop,
France alone will require about an hun
dred million bushels to meet her average
consumption. German, Italian and Bus
man reports show an unusually short crop
of wheat, and the English production is
below average. There must evidently be
a heavy call on America for wheat, and
the Northwest is likely to reeeire some
compensation for her disasters in a good
TO CORRESPONDENT*.
We do not repeat our usual offers to
correspondents, this week, from want of
leisure to simplify their particulars and
make such additional suggestions as we
soon design doing. Bui we are particu
larly dqpirous, nevertheless, of full and
regular communications giving those local
items which a little dilligence will alwajB
find, and which are always of interest to
readers. Of late our space has been so
limited that we have not done full justice
to such correspondents as have written
punctually, or taken to task the rather
numerous list who have neglected us al
most altogether. In future we expect to
afford all the space they can fill, and hope
to receive frequent letters from all our
correspondents.
It is absolutely necessary, to ensure
their insertion, that items from the west
ern part of the connty should reach us by
Monday’s mail. All the communications
which came on Tuesday evening last are
unavoidably postponed till next week.
The Amenia Fair.
The Eastern Dutchess County Fair at
Amenia, last week, was well attended and
successfully carried out. The grounds on
which the fair was held, a little north of
the village, are admirably adapted for the
uses of a fair and for a trotting park. Per
manent and commodious buildings and
stalls have been built for the purposes of
an annual exhibition.
The show of cattle on Tuesday, the first
day of the fair, was not large, and did not
compare favorably, especially in working
oxen, with the show at Litchfield, last
month. The display of fruits and flowers,
the in-door exhibition generally, and the
show of horses on Wednesday, were very
fine. Among the latter, Daniel B. Haight
of Washington, exhibited his horse, Gold
smith, with several of his colts. They
made a very creditable appearance, the
colts not only showing good action but
higher breeding than is usually seen in the
Hambletonian trotting stock. The year
ling colt, Lothair, by Goldsmith, dam by
Kemble Jackson, owned by Robert Knapp,
which Mr. Haight showed at the New York
~CLi mrmmLra. Uk AlKnmi—1 1 <i —t
Amenia, Mr. Knapp having taken home
the colt from Mr. Haight’s the week be
fore. This colt was bred by Mr. Thomas
H. Faile of New York, the late president
of the New York State Agricultural Socie
ty, who with characteristic generosity
made a present of him to Mr. Haight.
When he was a few months old Mr. Haight
sold him to Mr. Knapp for $500, which
seemed a good price for so young a thing,
but which proved cheap, as Mr. Knapp
was offered for him, at Albany, $4,500.
The colt has already developed remarka
ble trotting action, and probably attracted
more attention from the crowd of horse
fanciers, at Albany, than any other animal
exhibited there.
-Lue nurae, ±aorneaaxe, Dy Alexander s
Abdallah, dam by Mambrino Chief, own
ed by Edwin Thome, and which took the
first premium in his class, at Albany, was
shown at Amenia. His fine trotting action
was much admired, but though of good
form in other respects, his short neck and
rather heavy head causes him to lack what
is called style in harness, and the elegance
and finish usually attained from high
breeding. Blood-like and refined charac
teristics in our road horses, it is to be
hoped, will soon be accounted more desi
rable than they have lately been. The
coarse Abdallah head inherited by Rys
dyk’s Hambletonian, the sluggish blood
of the dam of Mambrino Chief, and of the
dams of the Clays, have imparted more or
less ugliness of appearance to nearly all
the fashionable trotting stock of the day,
and in some cases stolid dispositions as
well.
The “agricultural horse-trots” at Ame
nia appeared not to excite very much in
terest except the match of Wm. H. Bar
num’s horses with a pair owned by Mr.
Nabbett, of Dover Plains, in which the
latter won best time, 2:41.
There was a considerable attendance at
fair from the western towns of this qounty.
The chilly weather of the two last days
prevented what would otherwise have been
a much larger attendance.
The village of Amenia is attractive from
its neatness and the beauty of the sur
rounding landscape. It has a tasteful
marble bank building, and a Presbyterian
church and manse connected with it, which
are gems of beauty.
Origin of the Franco-German War.
—Count Benedetti, for many years impe
rial ambassador at Berlin, has published a
relume regarding the negotiations that
j preceded the French and German War.
i He asserts that his action was directed by
imperative instructions from Paris, and
that he himself held that the declination
by the Prince of Honzellem of the Span
ish crown should have been satisfactory,
without requiring the King of Pressia to
promise never to sanctson such a project
in the future. The Imperial government
based its sction on the alleged pressure oi
public opinion. This book adds furthei
proof of the fact that Prussia was desirous
of avoiding war, and that it was pressed
on her by Napoleon with the hope oi
strengthening his tottering dynasty.
The legitimist or Bourbon party in the
French Assembly has made the frightful
political blunder of publishing an address
to the Pope in which they concede all hia
extreme claims of sovereignty over the
temporal as well as the spiritual interests
of Catholic Christendom. It is a little
queer that while the Papal authority ia
being-so roughly shaken in imperial Ger
many it is receiving support from repub
lican France.
The ceremony of laying the corner stone
of the American National Life and Trust
Company's Building in New Haven took
place on Saturday. Gov, Jewell, ex-Gov.
English and eighteen members of the Na
tional Insurance Convention were present.
But to us the presenoe of Mr. Benjamin
Noyes, assenting, seems the most memo
riable feature of the occasion. We doubt
whether he was ever at a public meeting
before, without opposing the objects of
that meeting.
The City Council propose to place an elevator
in the City Hall, at an expense of $10,500.—Bos
ton Journal.
An invention of that kind in the N<
York City Hall, on which honest m<
could “elevate" all Tweed’s aldermi
and common counoilmen wotkld meet t]
present emergency beautifully.
Out or Pnap*?—One thousand ladies recen
attended a political meeting in BtAeton, Cal.
of female
Can any opponent of female suffra
give any reason for their presenoe, the:
that will not be a reason tor their going
the polls?
A bitter fight ia going on in Boston be
tween the farmers who sell milk the people
who buy, and the go-betweens who gobble
the profit*.
Prohibition and Politics.—The Good
Templars who met at Winstedj^Gtetly,
passed resolutions favoring |he starting M
a Temperance party and nominating a
Temperance ticket Co|necticut.
can concerre jl nothing winch wo
a greater tendency to belittle a gr
just now, a gaining cause, than imprudent
action of that description. The thing was
tried, last month, in Ohio and Pennsylva
nia. In the former State the principal
Temperance candidate polled'4,085 out of
450,463 votes cast; in the latter, 3,248 out
of 556,807 votes cast; total, 7,333 out of
1,007,270! Are we to believe that the true
Temperance men are in the contemptible
minority of one to one hundred aiid forty
in those States, or did they repudiate the
temperance ticket? If this were anew
and untried reform, so small a popular en
dorsement might not be utterly hopeless,
blit Prohibition has been the law 6f many
States for many years, and a demonstration
of so feeble a character only confirms the
general impression of its impracticability.
Divorces in France.—The number of
divorces granted in France in 1869 was
3,056, or about one-tenth the number in
proportion to population granted in Con
necticut. It must be remembered, how
ever, that the classes which swell our di
vorce record, here, seldom patronize the
institution of matrimony at all in France.
The fact that divorce is oftenest sought
by the wife against the husband, so no
ticeable in Connecticut statistics, is shown
in a still stronger light by the divorce rec
ord of France. Of the 3,056 separations
granted there in 1869, 2,611, or nearly six
sevenths, were granted on the application
of the wife!
Insurance Companies.—The Chicago
fire has broken down the majority of the
Hartford insurance companies. The large,
old concerns have managed to weather the
storm but the new, small companies go
under. Still, everything considered, the
insurance interests of the country have
borne the terrible pressure better than
could have been expected. The chief les
sons taught the city insurer are to avoid
home c.nmxtaniv,* artil tojpatronize large,
wen established concerns wh™. ,m»
so scattered that the burning of no single
city can ruin them,
The American Missionary Association
celebrated its 25th anniversary by a meet
ing at Hartford, last week. The session
lasted three days and addresses were made
by Gen. Hawley, Gov. Jewell, Gen. How
ard, Senator Wilson, beside noted clergy
men from different sections of the Union.
Secretary Delano was also present and ex
plained the pacific policy of the Adminis
tration in its dealings with the Indians,
which has proved politic as well as hu
mane.
A contrast—Collector Murphy of the New York
Custom House has assessed his clerks two per
oent. of their salaries to carry the city election in
November. Deputy-Controller Orem has noti
fied his employees that no contributions will be
asked from them. Murphy, is a Republican;
Green is a Democrat.—Farmer.
That is about the coolest cis-im wo e-rer
recollect to have seen. The city govern
ment of New Yack is Democratic and
thievish throughout. Honest men expos
ed. its rascality, and compelled the appoint
ment of Mr. Green as deputy Controller.
Municipal Thieving.—Tweed has at
last been arrested on civil suit demand
ing six millions of the city funds he has
stolen. The suit is commenced on an af
fidavit of S. J. Tilden who has traced the
money unmistakably into Tweed’s bank ac
count. E. A. Woodward, late Senator from
the Norwalk District, is implicated and has
absconded, Ingersoll is also non comati.
bus in sivatnpo.
We regret to hear of the death of the
Hon. Daniel G. Platt at Washington, on
Thursday last at about the age of seventy.
Mr. Platt was a native of that place where
he was a prominent, esteemed and influ
ential citizen, and held many offices of
trust. __ _
The Berkshire Courier corrects an er
ror of ours about Massachusetts taxation.
Their total average taxation—town, coun
ty, and state—is About 1$ cents on the dol
lar. Even that is much above the Con
necticut average.
Anna Dickinson’s new lecture on “Dem
agogues and Working Men” is said to be
decidedly hostile to the Union system.
She denounces politicians of the Butlei
stripe and believes that the contest is not
between labor and capital, but between
skilled and unskilled labor.
The Golden Age suggests that the most
convenient place for the next State Demo
cratic Convention will be Sing Sing. One
of the delegates to the late convention is
there already and the others are on the
road.
The legal question whether the plugging
a wife’s teeth is a legitimate charge against
the husband is before the New York courts.
The last decision was in the affirmative.
Ex-Congressman Stokes adds his name
to the long list of Southern patriots whose
patriotism was their sole redeeming quali
ty. He has been (heating pensioners.
Wooubnut, Oct. 24, 1871.
M*. Editor :—I should have sent you a
word about our soldiers’ day, had I not
thought some one else would write some
thing better than I could offer. But there
was one little thing about it that I want
to have noticed. A soldier’s wife made a
cake, and frosted the word “Jewel” oh the
top. Her little son presented it, and it
was received very gracefully by the Gov
ernor. In the bustle and confusion con
sequent upon the rain, he left it behind
him hi the cnurch. “Here,” said he to
the little fellow who followed him like a
page, “Here, ‘Bed White and Blue,’ will
you go and bring n»e my cake and boquet?”
No doubt after being so honored Franky
would like to see the thing remembered;
therefore I wrote the following lines:
A loaf to the noble Governor,
From one ef our soldier boys,
Wm a quiet little souvenir,
Amid our reunion noise,
’Twss a “Jewel" ef a oakfl; one
Deserving the name if bore;
Albeit tike one written oa it,
Was meant for tbe Governor.
“Would yon like to become Gov'nor too,
And might I just toll yon how,
I would eay the Ju st thing to do,
Is to take your grandfather’s vow.
“You know he was once fond of drink;
And how he reformed kmg ago;
And how he declines it, when sick,
(Lest his longing return) evsn now.
“There’s a hero ft* you, my lsd;
A Christian who’ll even decline
(Contenting himself with the bread),
Jo partake of the sacrament wine.
T.
i4
with hav
Litchfield.
e November tearin of
Uf
m
Superior
Court commences next Tuesday, Judge
Granger on the bench, with the trial of
civil jury cases.
Mr. Jacob Merritt, of Danbury, died
at this place on Tuesday of last w eek. He
was formerly a large shoe manufacturer,
and was a genial, public spirited man, in
whom Danbury loses a valuable citizen.
Those who have dalayed their pur
chase of coal with a view to its transpor
tation over the Shepaug railroad are
cheered by a fall in the price of that in
dispensible article. At the Scranton coal
sale of Wednesday last, the “stove” size
fell 50 cents and “chestnut” 80 cents per
ton, from September prices.
They think they have discovered! the
thief who took Dea. Chauncey Whitjgnak
$700 in U. S. bonds, in Wesuora^one
Sunday last July, in the person of Michael
Me Varney, who recently escaped from the
jail in this, place. He is a thief by pro
fession, and was seen in Westford, says
the Danbury News, on the day of the rob
bery.
The Rev. Mr. Woodruff, son of Mr.
J. A. Woodruff, of this place, is to be or
dained pastor of the Congregational church
in the southern society of New Hartford,
today (Wednesday).
—Track laying has commenced at this
end of the railroad. There is iron enough
here to lay about three miles.
—Attention is called to the new advts.
of Mrs. Hayes and T. H. Richard's.
Roxbury.
Oliver G. Camp and Laura E. Warner
were united in wedlock, by the Rev. David
E. Jones, at the house of the bride’s
grandfather, Daniel F. Burritt, on the
morning of Oct. 10th. Their bridal trip was
westward.
Mr. Gideon Hunt resides with his
brother-in-law, Mr. John S. Smith. While
the family were at church, on the 22d ult.,
he thought he observed an intruder loung
ing about the premises and stepped out to
know what was wanting, when another
person made his appearance from within
eenar through the outside door. They
soon found that they were riot vr&nted
there, and made hasty tracks up-«reet as
thirsty as ever.
The store of Messrs. Preston Gil
lett was burglariously entered about half
past two o’clock, on the morning of the
24th ult., by some inexperienced rascal, I
think. A hole was bored in. the outside
hatchway door sufficiently large to insert
an arm. The bar which bolted the door
was then taken out and access gained to
the cellar. Several matches were lighted
and the villain found his way to the upper
door which enters the store room above.
The panel of the door was bored out like
the other door, between the lower and
middle bolts. These he bad slipped back
and there remained but one bolt more at
i the top of the door. The rogue had in
serted a board just right to pry the door
S open. wln>n, to Tils discomfort, he heard
the crack of a seven shooter over his liead
and much too near for his comfort.
Mr. Gillette, one of the firm, slept in
the room over the store and gave the alarm.
His goods were saved, but the night-bird
had flown, leaving two bits, one of which,
if not both, was taken from the black
smith shop near by.
The Methodist church has had a pro
tracted meeting of four days. Rev. Spencer
Bray,of New Haven; Rev. Sylvester Smith,
of Seymour; Abbott, of Woodbury;
Booth, of New Milford and Jones, of
Roxbury all preached and rendered Rev.
Bro. Pulling, and the church, efficient ser
vice.
I have often heard of locomotives
running off the track, but, on Saturday
night last, the track ran away from our
Sliepaug.locomotive, just above Chalybes,
and left it standing on the ties. The track
i was but partially spiked, and spread, let
ting the engine and three cars down. It
happened just as the laborers were leav
ing work at night and gave them a late
supper. No other damage as far as I could
learn was done. Be patient, friends. The
ides of November must pass before you
i will have an opportunity to view the Iron
Horse at your depot in Litchfield. But
the work is being pushed at present, and,
ere you print this, the engine will have en
tered within the town of Washington.
Goshen.
The Goshen Y. M. C. Association are
now raising money for the relief of those
burned out in Michigan. As I was one of
the delegates from that association to the
great Convention in Mystic, last week, and
am now in New London Co., I will give
you some particulars wliich will not prob
ably appear in the report of the meeting
which will soon be published in the pa
pers. Just before we arrived at New Lon
don, on the early morning train from New
Haven, we passed Fort Trumbull, which,
in connection with Fort Griswold on the
opposite side, so effectually commands the
entrance to the beautiful bay or river.
When we crossed the river for the Ston
ington road, on the great steamer, “Thames
River,” the young men, led by our friend
Samuel Dudley, of New London, were en
gaged in singing the beautiful' songs of
Zion; and before we knew it, we were un
der the guns of Fort Griswold. At Mys
tic, we were met by a delegation who con
ducted us to the rooms of the Association.
After an introduction to many of the peo
ple of Mystic, we were invited across the
street to Washington Hall, where the long
tables were set, and I need not tell you
that the ladies attended to all our wants.
I had heard in New Haven the day before,
that a Captain had reached that city with
his vessel, and not being able to get in to
unload, had started immediately for Mys
tic to prepare for the Convention, and
there we found Capt. Tribble ready for
every good work. The prayer meeting
commenced at one, and the opening ad
dress to the Convention was by Rev. Mr.
Buckley, of Stamford. At the permanent
organization, E. W. Twiehell, of Mans
field, was chosen President. The subject
of Lay Preaching occupied the attention
of the Convention the remainder of the
afternoon, and it was difficult to get an
opportunity to speak, as I saw three or
more rise at once. I wish your j readers
could have been present at the Congrega
tional church, Thursday evening, and
heard the welcome from Mr, Buckley,
Rev. Mr. Cliff and Mr. Bailey, ami the re
ponses jrom Rev. Messrs. Hubbell of New
Haven, Boss, of Putnam, and Nichols, of
East Haddam. At the Methodist church,
Friday, Dr. Daggett of New London spoke
on the subject, whether the samel amount
of religions labor can be perform^ by the
denominational churches as effectively as
is how d<me by the Y. M. C. Associations,
j RpinarkB were made by qguafiy, and it was
j plain that all loved thei# oicn churches;
j but thought the interests of the churches
were promoted by the union of the young
men in the great work of bringing sinners
to the Saviour. I must pass over the in
teresting afternoon meeting, and conduct
you up that steep Mil into the beautiful
Baptist church, where the great congrega
tion, during part of the evening, listened
j to reports from the great associations of
the cities, and little bands united in the
small towns, like Goshen. After the close
of the exercises, as many were to take the
midnight train for home, about 100 assem
bled in the association-room, for prayers,
and I never attended such a prayer meet
ing of all denominations; the only way a
person could get an opportunity to say
anything, was to be on his feet before the
J close of any exercise. A little before mid
I night we sang, “Blest be the tie that
J binds” &c., and separated. H. N.
Cornwall.
Tne new depot of the Housatonic rail
j road at West Cornwall, together with oth
er extensive improvements, is nearly com
i pleted. These improvements consist of a
new bridge, built last year, large enough
to pass all the water of the greatest fresh
et in the angry little brook; the new de
pot, one of the best on the road,handsom
ly furnished, with furnace for heating,
scales and &c.; a new water tank with two
•deliveries so as to take in water going
north or south when the cars are conven
ient to the depot for passengers; also a
new ice-house. The switch is twice as
long as of old, and the grade o| both
switch and main track is raised about two
feet. The grounds around the depot are
much enlarged, and, altogether, their new
arrangements are a great improvement to
the village and a credit to the Railroad
Company. The new barn of Pratt Pos
ters’ stands back further from the depot
than the one which was burned. It is a
fine building and is painted the same col
or as the depot.
—Several of our young men were in bus
iness in Chicago; some of whom were suf
ferers by the great fire; others had money
loaned tliero, hut i£ iu_ iJionodit i*, rnont in
stances to be secure. The people in the
village of West Cornwall immediately af
ter the fire raised between $50 and $100,
in a few minutes and sent it on at once in
aid of tlie sufferers.
—The Shear Company have been doing
a good business the past season; and all
branches of business are good, with work
enough to do for all who want it. I. C.
Sherwood is building a new heater, the
invention of Mr. S. I. Gold, which prom
ises to excel in cheapness and efficiency
anything yet out and is adapted equally
for the parlor or setting up in the cellar
for heating the whole house with hot air.
Mr. C. E. Baldwin is having one put in
his cellar.
—The North Cornwall Literary circle
held the first meeting of the season at Mr.
Baldwin’s on tba evening of Oot. 19tli.
The next is appointed at the house of Mr.
N. Hart, on Thursday evening, Nov. 9th.
There is a question mooted about here if
the editor of tlje Sentinel hasn’t got wo
men on the brain since publishing Tilton’s
tracts.
North Cornwall.
The Reading Circles of last winter were
a success, and left a pleasant impression
on the minds of the people—so much so
that it was thought best to start them
again. Accordingly we met at Mr. C.
E. Baldwin’s on Thursday evening, Oct.
19th, to re-organize. The evening was
pleasant and Mrs. Baldwin’s newly fur
nished house much more so. Add to this
a pleasant company, listening to selections
from the best authors, and it will be
seen that the circumstances were auspi
cious. After the reading, Mr. C. E. Bald
win was appointed president. A commit
tee of arrangements was also appointed,
consisting of ladies and gentlemen who
will do all that is necessary on their part
to render the undertaking worthy of the
patrons.
Mr. Egbert Rogers is continuing the
repairs commenced last spring onr the
“Old Parsonage Place.” As soon as com
pleted it will be occupied by Dr. Edward
Hale and lady, making a valuable acquisi
tion to our place. They have been board
ing h,ere for some time and will find the
people have a hearty welcome for them as
citizens. Dr. Hale has practiced Dentist
ry for many years in some of our larger
cities, where he stands at the head of the
profession. His office is already opened.
Those in .need of work in his line can
hardly do better than give him a call.
The ladies are making arrangements
to work for the sufferers in the late fires
at the West.
Falls yillage.
The “Ames Works” are nearly demol
ished and the timber for rebuilding is ar
riving daily. The old Shop which was
moved from its original position to a few
rods from the highway, has been re-slated,
and is, we understand, to be used for a
blacksmith’s shop.
The boys who have been playing
tricks on persons’ property in Main street,
will find that there is law if they attempt
any more practical jokes.
Last week we had some heavy rains
that were very much needed and now
things look a little fresher.
The subject for debate at the South
Canaan Literary Society on Friday eve
ning was this: “Does mercantile life pre
sent a more favorable opening to young
men than professional?” The closing dis
putant contended that all kinds of busi
ness are professional. Therefore a nega
tive decision was rendered.
Josh Billings’ lecture on Natural
History, on Wednesday eve., promises to
be a success. It ought to be, at any rate,
for it is praisworthy of the members of
the society to undertake this affair and
run the risk of success.
Some say that cider is scarce, this
year, but we should infer that such is
not the case from the fact that Steven
Brigner, Esq., has already made over 200
barrels and is still hard at work. Dot.
New Milford.
J. J. Stilson died suddenly on Thursday
of last week, aged 07. His funeral was
attended on Saturday from the Congrega
tional church, Rev. Mr. Bonar officiating.
Over twenty thousand dollars has al
ready been subscribed for the proposed
railroad between this place and New Pres
ton. Nearly all this amount is from resi
dents of the latter place. It is now time
for the citizens of New Milford to take
hold of the matter in earnest, and raise
their due proportion of the amouut neces
sary to construct the road. Iko.
Winsted.
a steam
TheJD. W. H. R, Oo, have now
shovel at work, loading dump-cars at the
grav|I pit, nefflf the new cemetery, in East
Win$ted. Four buckets fill a car, and it
is all scooped up and placed on the samd;
inside of two minutes from the time of
commencement. It keeps one engine busy
hauling away the gravel trains as they are
loaded. It is certainly a great saving of
hard labor, and hundreds of our citizens
during the past week visited the locality
to see this novel way of ‘making the dirt
fly.” It cuts a path about one tod in
'Width right through the gravel knoll where
it is operating.
A number of the manufacturers on
the stream coming down from Long Lake
have signed a remonstrance to the warden
and burgesses of the borough, and caused
the same to be served on the “borough
fathers,” in which they very emphatically
object against the building of a new out
let for the new twelve inch water main,
and also remonstrate against the laying of
of new twelve inch mains from the Lake in
place of the eight inch mains already
down. The next move will undoubtedly
be an injunction and then look out for a
big fight. The manufacturers claim to
own the lake and to have the right to con
trol the drawing of water therefrom that
it was a right exercised by them for a long
term of years and could not be taken from
them by the legislature. The borough
claim the right to put in as large water
mains as they see fit and look to the
“charter of the borough of Winsted” for
their authority.
A number of our citizens were pecu
niarily interested in the great fire at Chi
cago. Thousands of dollars are invested
here in bonds secured by Chicago real es
tate, and when it was understood that
many of the Insurance companies had sus
pended, some of our moneyed men looked
a little pale. Mr. R. E. Holmes, Presi
dent of Hurl but National Bank, who has
negotiated many of the Chicago bonds, is
now in that city looking after the security
on the same. He claims that none of the
holders hereabout are losers by the fire.
Plymouth Sketches—No. 82.
In this year 1871? a more than ordinary
degree of zeal and activity is manifested
in some of our ecclesiastical societies. In
Tliomaston the Roman Catholics are
building a church which, in size at least,
will probably surpass airy heretofore erect
ed. In Trinity parish a new and more
commodious edifice that the old one is in
process of erection. St. Matthews’, easl
Plymouth, is being to some extent remod
eled, and is undergoing extensive repairs,
under the management and at the expense
of the Rev. Collis J. Potter (now of St.
James’ church, Westvflle) who has already
expended for the object more than one
thousand dollars a large part of whiel;
he hopes to have made up to him at some
future time. Just seventy-six years ago,
on the 21st of October, 1795, this churcl
was consecrated by Bishop Seabury, whe
at the same time and place, ordained Bish
op Griswold to the priesthood.
Oct. 21st, 1871.
At tlie centre, George Mattoon has late
ly sold his residence (sometime occupied
by Chauncey Jerome in his early marriec
life, and where he is said to have labored
very hard at clock work) and small lam
in south street, to Albert C. Gaylord oi
Thomaston. The house vacated by th<
latter, near the depot, is, or will be, occu
pied by the Romish priest.
On or about the 9th inst., Bennel
Lines and family, of Fluteville, (a little
way out of Plymouth) started as member*
of quite a large company bound for Kan
sas. About twenty-five years ago Mr. B.
learned the carpenter and joiners’ trade oi
Riley Scott, and was a very good work
man. He will no doubt find abundant la
bor lor his mind and hands, in building
habitations for his fellow creatures.
On Sunday, the 15th nit,, in St.*Pe
ter’s church, a collection was taken for the
benefit of the Chicago sufferers. The
amount contributed was about $40. The
Rev. Mr. Thomas, rector of said church,
has recommenced Friday evening lectures.
Plymothean.
Oct. 27th, 1871.
Salisbury.
The ballasting of the railroad is now-so
nearly completed between Canaan and
the State line that roadmaster Greer an
nounces that the Company are ready to
transport freight between these points.
That portion of the Dutchess amd Colum
railroad connecting the State line with
Millerton has been leased by the Conn.
Western R. R. and, on Friday of last week,
the locomotive “Falls Village,” which has
been drawing the gravel cars here for the
past two months, made its first trip into
Millerton. A few passengers who were
eager to enjoy the opportunity' of riding
on the first through train, took possession
of the tender, and, seated upon the wood
piles in various attitudes, madh the excur
sion amid a severe storm of wind and rain.
They returned with their clothing some
what dampened, but all expressed the
opinion that the road is well ballasted and
in point of comfort is superior to other
roads in this section which use the old
fashioned rail. The rails of this road
break joints in the middle.
—Messrs. Bundy Levi, the contract
ors for building the depots here, have a
large pile of lumber and slate in the rear
of the church, and are ready to commence
work as soon as the foundations are laid,
which will be this week. By the terms of
their contract, both depots here, and at
Lakeville, are to be completed before the
1st of December.
—Miss Claire Coifing, daughter of Geo,
Coifing, Esq., of this village, Bails for Eu
rope, this week, in company with Ex-Gov.
Holley and family. The party expect to
remain abroad abont one year.
Woodbury.
We see it stated in the papers that
the loss in negotiable securities resulting
from the late burglaries will not exceed
$5000. We regret to believe this to be 4
mistake and that unless some of the prop
erly is recovered, Messrs. Curtiss, Walker
and others, will lose not less than $87,000.
Our people are still greatly excited and
vigorous means are being used to capture
the rascals, with some prospect of success,
but at present I am not permitted to di
vulge.
New Preston.
A singing school commences this week
with Earl Bnchingham as teacher.
The Lyceum epidemic is upon us.
Our eloquent young men and embryo
Demosthenes have secured UnionHall in
which to hold meetings, K,
Marbledate.
The bell in St„ Andrew’s church has
long threatened to lose its equpoise. The
society have purchased the necessary
machinery; and it will be hung, this week,
in a inore modern style.
Miss Dora Egglestone died on Mon
day, Ocfc 23d, of consumption; aged six
teen. The funeral was at St. Andrew’s
church, Rev. Charles G. Acly, of New
Milford, officiating.
“Over the river, the boatman pale
Carried another—the household pet;
Her brown curls waved in the gentle gale—
She crossed on her bosom her wasted hands
And fearlessly entered the phantom bark.'’
Rev. Charles Husband has returned
but is yet too feeble to supply the pulpit.
The subscription paper to the branch
railroad from New Milford to New Pres
ton has reached us. The subscriptions
amount to $16,000, of which about $13,000
is subscribed by New Preston. Like the
children’s snowball in winter, it gathers
as it goes.
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
FOREIGN.
Great Britain.—Another colliery explo
sion has killed 33 miners.
France.—The Assembly proposes. re
moving to Paris.
Ten persons have been killed by a boiler
explosion.
Ten thousand Communists have been re
leased.
Italy.—The Pope recognizes the recent
ly appointed Italian bishops, but denoun
ces the Old Catholics.
Austria.—The Ministry lias resigned.
Chili.—A large fire lias occurred at Val
paraiso.
DOMESTIC.
Secretary Boutwell spoke on the topics
of the day in Boston, last week.
The Hon. Thomas Ewing died, last week,
at Lancaster, Ohio.
The Atheletic Club of Philadelphia has
the base-ball championship. The Red
Stockings rank second, and the Chicagos
third.
The Mayor and other. officials of Lex
ington, Ky., have been arrested for felony.
The abortionist Rosenweig has been
convicted and sentenced to seven years im
prisonment.
The very committee of citizens selected
by the New York Ring to examine their
accounts report frauds to the amount of
$20,000,000.
Hawkins, the Mormon elder, has been
sentenced to three years’ imprisonment,
and warrants have been issued for the ar
rest of Brigham Young and his son Joseph
for murder.
The Mormons threaten to hum Salt
Lake City and leave Utah if the prosecu
tions are continued.
Wm. M. Evarts has been appointed one
of the counsel for the Government unde.
the Treaty of Washington.
A propeller has been burned on Lake*
Huron.
The President has appointed the 30th
of November as a day of National Thanks
giving.
Government will purchase $5,000,(100 in
bonds and sell $7,000,000 in gold during
November.
Five men have been lost on Lake Mich
igan by the sinking of a schooner.
The Spanish Government proposes to
refer the Hornet case to an Admiralty
Court.
Four Cadets have been dismissed from
West Point for “hazing.”
Another steamer has been sunk in the
Mississippi River.
It is feared that two American fishing
vessels have been lost, with all on board.
Several persons have been seriously in
jured by an accident on the Central Pa
cific.
Five boys have been sentenced to four
years imprisonment each for robbing the
Quincy (Mass.)Post Office.
The small-pox is prevalent in Philadel
phia.
A terrible riot has occurred in Los An
gelos, Cal., 16 Chinamen having been hang
ed by a mob.
Many important Ku-Klux arrests have
been made in South Carolina. Great ex
citement exists.
The Protestant Episcopal Conventson
adjourned, last week.
STATE ITEMS.
Bridgeport offers $175,000 in bonds for
sale.
The Danbury Washingtonians are a
thousand strong.
The tailors’ strike at New Haven ended1
in the success of the strikers.
Some wretches have been mutilating
monuments in the Meriden cemetry.
Anna Dickinson lectured in Norwich
Friday evening to a large audience.
The tobacco growers in Sherman have
disposed of their crop at 22 and 25 cents.
The profits of the recent Yale boat race
at Saltonstall were $100.
The profits of the recent Chicago relief
concert, in New Haven, were $292,50.
Governor Jewell has appointed Novem
ber 30th as a day of thanksgiving.
The Housatonic train last Saturday ran
ran over and killed two cows at Hawley
ville.
Mr. Whittiker, who was assaulted Sat
urday night; near Meriden, will probably
recover.
Ladies axe receiving positions in the
the post offices and telegraph offices in
Australia.
It is a notable fact that the Cromwell
Quarry company send to the British prov
inces for hay.
Waterbury has raised about $2,000worth
of clothing for the Michigan and Wiscon
sin sufferers.
A half-million heiress at the Farmington
Seminary was reduced to absolute poverty
by the Chicago fire.
The Fairfield County Fire Insurance
company are losers by the Chicago fire to
the amount of about $38,000.
A neat of burglers has been broken up
in Norwalk and several hundred dollars
worth of stolen property recovered.
Dr. Miller, the insurance commissioner
lias had a relapse, and is considered in a
very dangerous condition.
The collector of taxes in the town of
Chatham died indebted to the town in the
sfum of $2,400, or thereabouts.
OoL Burnham has received his com
mission of postmaster of Hartford t'ice
Whitaker, suspended.
One great advantage of roasting chest
nuts is the rich gamey flavor it gives the
worm.—Norwich Bulletin.
A man died in Southington cm Friday
who had for several years kept his coffin
in his house and hip grave clothes prepared.
Mr. George D. Hinman of Unionville,
while shooting ducks at Branford,Wednes
day, with Mr. Samuel Bradley, was acci
dentally shot by the latter.
The last feather on the camel’s back is
in the shape of a Bedding donation to Chi
cago—two strings qf red peppers.—Dan
bury News.
Mrs. Ryder, of Norwalk, accused of per
petrating an abortion on the person of a
Mrs. Stone, was acquitted by the jury,
Monday.
The old Farmington church* built in
1771, is now in its centennial year. It £b
said that the original shingles are now on
the roof.
A eleven year old son of Daniel Moran,
an Irishman of New London, was run over
by a cart, last week, on which he was
catching a ride, and killed.
The Mansfield B. B. C., of Middletown,
are going to re-organize next year on a
professional basis, with $8,000 stock to
start on.
At latest accounts Hartford subscrip
tions for the relief of Chicago amounted
to over $31,000; those of New Haven to i
over $29,000,
William Cummings, aged 15, of Bridgi
Eort, accidentally and probably fatally shot
imself, Thursday, while shooting ducks.
Middletown, Portland aud Chatham
have reversed their former action and
voted more aid to the Air Line Road.
Middlefield is expected to follow suit.
A fire in the fancy goods store of R
Brenhard in Bridgeport, Saturday night,
damaged goods to the amonut of $4,000
insured one half.
A bam belonging to David M. Wheeler,
of Southbury, was burned on Saturday
afternoon. The fire is thought to have
been incendiary. Insured.
November is to be a great month for
Bridgeporters, in the way of weddings,
&c. Swallow-tail coats are being ordered
in profusion, and the patent leather boot
masers are running night and day.
The Osceola B. B. C., State champions,
have been successful in 16 out of the 20
games they have played this season. They
received a silver ball from the Meriden
club last week.
A dog, however small, seems to l>e of
more service in thwarting burglars than the
best locks. In Woodbury the thieves vis
ited the house of one member of the firm
of D. Curtiss k Sons, but the barking of
a little dog alarmed the inmates and the
rascals fled.
Mr. Timothy K. Porter of Southington,
a farmer, some 60 years of age, died very
suddenly on Wednesday, of heart discus..
He was returning from his com field, and
when near his residence suddenly dropped
to the ground and never spoke afterwards.
A daughter of K. A. Hathwav, of Hart
ford, arose in her sleep, a few nights ago,
and, raising a window in the second story,
stepped out and fell tp the ground. Sfie
was considerably bruised out escaped
without broken bones.
It is announced that the Boston, Hart
ford and Erie railroad will be completed
to Willimantie within four weeks. New
bridges are being built, necessary repairs
made and two locomotives have Wen pur
chased—all of these being paid for from
the earnings of the road.
On Friday afternoon about four o’clock
while a German named Kruinp was cross
ing the Shore Line railroad bridge iu Fair
Haven, iu an intoxicated condition, he
staggered aud fell over into the river and
was drowned. The body wus soon after re
covered.
The house of Miss Sally Nash, at West
port, was robbed of $400 worth of goods,
recently, while that lady was away visiting.
The goods were recovered in George Fol
let’s house soon after, together with an
immense accumulation of other articles,
the result of successful robbery for years.
There are at the present time only a
few spots on the New York and New Ha
ven railway which are not covered with
the steel rail and they are mostly at the
approaches td the depots where tl:e trains
are traveling at a reduced rate of speed.
It will not be long before the whole road
will be laid with the improved rail.
Retributive Justice.—A well known
justice of the peace subscribed $5 to the
relief fund, yesterday, and returning im
mediately, received the amount for mar
rying a couple. Thus is virtue rewarded.
Another man was requested to contribute,
but declined, and within two hours heard
that his mother-in-law had come to stay
month with him.—Norwich Bulletin.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
The Mormons threaten a change of base.
Ladies attend some of the recitations at.
Williams College.
The gold crop of Montana for the year
1870 yielded $44,000,000.
Heavy frosts in North Carolina have in
jured the tobaco crop.
An old lady of seventy is the chaplain of
the Kansas state prison.
The Kentucky river is lower than it lias
been for seventeen years.
Women edit five daily and fourteen week
ly papers in Germany.
Robbers and incendiaries are at work
all over the country.
The population of New .York citv is
about 1,400,000 at mid-day.
Cooking schools are all the rage in New
York and Brooklyn.
It is reported that Jefferson Davis in
tends to live in Baltimore.
Emigration to Western Texas to raise
cattle is on the increase.
A grave near Gravelotte contains two
thousand five hundred corpses.
All kinds nuts are unusually plentful
in New England this season.
The Brunswick and Albany Ruilroad of
Georgia has been seized for debt.
Forty-two per cent, of the legal voters
of Massachusetts pay only a poll tax.
California lias the larghest orchard in
the world. It contains 420 acres.
The losses of the Methodist Church by
the Chicago fire are estimated at $324,000.
Grading on the Northern Pacific Rail
road is now completed as far as the Red
River.
The grape crop of the Lake Erie islands
this year is estimated at ten thosand tons.
General T. W. Bennett, of Indiana, has
been appointed Governor of Idaho, vice
Governor Bowen, resigned.
Fourteen candidates ask for the posi
tion of door-keeper of the Tennessee House
of Representatives.
Tne translation of Motley's “History of
Netherlands” has reached its third edition
at the Hague.
Theodore Tilton calls his free-love and
divorce lecture by the pleasant title of
“Home, Sweet Home.”
The capital imployed in the liquor trade
in “France is $380,000,000 in the cotton
trade, $400,000,000.
Mr. Blanc, formely lessee of the Horn
burgh gaming tables, and latterly at Mon
aco, died a fortnight since at Monaco,
worth 35,000,000 of francs.
CLIPPINGS.
Mr. Seward, having just finished a jour
ney of 72,000 miles, is advised to “go up
in a balloon.”
Sick of negro labor, and distrustful pf
the heathen Chinee, Southern planters
talk of importing 75,000 burnt out Chica
goans.
Some narrow mifided Schismatic of a
statistical turn reports that 296 spittoons
were furnished the late Episcopal Con
vention at Baltimore.
It is estimated that an ordinary tea
drinks imbibes tannin enough in a life
time to cure 3,469 sides of sole leather.
“An Old Boarding House Mystery” is
the title of an article in a New York daily.
It must mean hash.
In Colorado a bald person finds himfelf
alluded to as “a man with his head above
timber line.”
A California editor has become the own
er of a mule, and a brother editor chroni
cles it as a remarkable instance at self
I chaw
letter
you licked
possession.
A man who has read al
United States flve-twen
to be a missionary in
that he should Cleavi
An Illinois love
ly as follows:
sd the postage
ill to thunder,
it on.”
A deini-millionair&ss of San Francisco
las bestowed her kfad, heart and bank
account, on a Chineif Buitor, and the mar
riageable masculine natives are more than
rver disgusted with cheap Mongolia*
petition.