TM DAILY ?jj?f PHONIX.
"Lot our Just Censure ^^^^^^t^^^^^-^^??&p* Atlond tho True Event."
BY J. A. SELBY. COLUMBIA, S. C., TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST S 1871. VOL. VII-NO. 120.
WHAT TUB SOUTH HAS HAD TO OOH
TBJTD WITH Tho Montgomery Adtpr'\
it'ser avails itself of tbo assembling of the
Sub Ku Kl tlx Committee lo that city, to
address some solemn facts und remind?
ers to the Alabama member of it. I Ihey
are of universal application,T.the Soutu
orn States, and we copy an eloquent and
tr nth ful paragraph
"No man living knows "better th AH
Ibo Alabama member of the Sub Ku
Klux Cummitteo, how 'patiently and
bravely the masses of tho conservativo I
puoplo of this'afflioted-State have,born? I
?he hideous i evils .of the past six y ea re,
and bow courageously they.have tried to
make the-, best of their uufortuoate cir
cnmstanocsl No one knows better than
bo does how our whole social life ha?
been perverted, and bow tbo, political
fabric huB been turo down BS if by tb?
hands qf madmen,.and a mere caricature
erected iu its place. ,-Ha knows of what
millions of property the people have
been plundered- sipco the; close of the
War, and how; we have lived here in the
midst of Uuioo Leagues, and'of incendi?
ary teachings, while there wits only mar?
tial law and tho Dry Tortugas for D?mo?
crate.who might; (Uot relish the iden (so
Bud doo ly broached) pf (ions ti tu ting their
late' BIQVOS, by Acts of Congress, their
political masters,' led by carpet-bag ad?
venturers and'scalawag renegades. He i
knows that.the most despised Radtoals
have, been accustomed to travel by. day?
Bud night from ono end of Alabama to
tho other, without molestation and in
perfect security. He known what cheat?
ing* at the ballot-boxes have been per?
petrated by the Radi oui party through
election laws and election machinery de?
vised for tl-nt pu rpoHO, and by the falce I
registration of thousands of illegal voters
by reason of con-age, or by fictitious
names. He knows .well that there has
boon less disorder, outside of the Radical
fends'in St. Clair and one or two other
Oonnties, in tbe entire State, for two
years past, than in any one ward in the
cities. of Philadelphia, New York br
Chicago. He knows that the Radical
Government is responsible, both to Qod
and mao, for most of the deeds of vio?
lence which may. have been committed
in B?rne localities; and fnrther, that it]
wonli! be unnatural and unreasonable to
.appose that the population of Alabama,
including both white and black, oonld
have been subjected to the measures of
Radical administration BO universally
and relentlessly applied for four years
past; without being ezoited by exaspera- i
tiona necessarily leading to some colli?
sions between individuals, and to some
deplorable cases of outrage visited on
?apposed. guilty parties by. the wild jus-1
tico of Lynch law courts. Io view of
past occurrences, it is not so surprising
that fifty men should have buen killed iu
Alabama, as that the inhabitants should
not have beeu actually decimated. No j
ooo koowa better than. Mr. Buckley
what, an insigoiiicant proportion of
crime there has been in the State, (leav?
ing Radical Oliver nora, Legislatures and
defaulting officials ont of th? count,) in
aomparisoo with the indictments anti
Jir o vocation s to evil-doing instigated
rom Washington, and thfe terrible
wrongs inflicted by a system of legisla?
tion on the strange theory, that in go?
verning the people of the Southern
States .the wishes, feelings and interests1
of a large majority should be utterly
and vindictively disregarded, and that
the South should be regarded us a mere
dependency of the North? to be controll?
ed and iisod through negro ballots, back?
ed by bayopets, to serve the partisan
objects bf a Northern and Western Radi
eal party aud people."
How1, IT ORIGINATED.-The.story of the
OTw and the kerosene lamp having been
tba origin of the Chicago fire, is
squelched by the affidavits of tho owners
of tho property, who sweur that there
waa no .fire in their stable that bight,
acid that their cows' were milked before
dark.
T. B. CLARKSON,
GKVi HU, AdKNT,
Factor and Commission Merchant.
Qffloe al Dr. IMniLih'a Drug St>re,
Oct 1 COLUMBIA. S. 0. Imo
C.S. ME I.TOM. W. A. CLAIIK.
Law Firm.
MELTON CLARK.
THE Law Firm of Carroll, Moiton Janncy
having been dissolved, I havo associated
with me; in tho practice of Law, W. A.
Clark. Esq. Tho business will hereafter bo
conducted in tho firm name of Melton
Clark. O. D. MELTON.
Pot- 3_ Imo
J. v. OAuuonr.. CU AULES r JANNKY,
CARROLL JANNEY.
Attorneys and Counsellors at Law,
CObUMBlA, 8. 0,
,47? Office over Glazo'a Jewelry Store.
Octa ___2aio
The Southern and Atlantic
TELEGRAPH CO.
Now Open for Boniness.
OFFICE. COLUMBIA HOTEL.
Sept 14 ._ _
Butter.
4TUBS Virginia V*iiey BUTTER,
6 tubs Monatain Butt-r.
3 tuba ;ino Goshen Butter,
all nice and fresh and for sale uovr.
Pot. 1_ Lofting i/itfHiinn.
C R. HOLMES,
Cotton Factor and Commis. Merchant,
ACCOMMODATION ~WUABP,
CHARLESTON, S. 0
August 10_1 ._filmo
R. A. PRINGLE.
Cotton Seller and Gen. Produce Broker,
Cisnral Wharf, Charleston.
REFERENCER --Charleston-Rou. 0. T.
Lowndes, President Pank of Oh arlee ton;
W. B. Smith, Esq., President Union Bank of
Charleston: Robert Adger, Es.| B. 0. Presu
loy, Esq Newberry. 8. C.-Bob'tL. Mcf! an fib?
rin, President National Bank of Newberry.
Cheater, fl. C.-Messrs. HoAliley Brawloy.
Special attention jd von to the consignment
and nato of COTTON, Dried Fruit, o.
SSpt't
special "Motioes.
''THKMARTlraS OP NEGLECT.-It is
nut too mach to say that tons of thousands
are now Buffering from biliousness, indigos
6i<in, constipation, periodical fevers, goneral
debility and nervous affections, who might bo
restored to perfect health within a month or
1 -HU by tho use of Eft S TETTEIVd STOMACH
BITTERS. Tho multitudes who havo been
cured of these and other ailments by the use
of this well-known apeoiflo aro. aiwaye roady
to tcatify to its virtuo aa a preventive and a
remedy. They are spread over tho whole
o mntry; they aro eagor to praise and recom?
mend it; and yet, notwithstanding its vast
popularity, thero aro many invalids, and many
who are continually exposed to thu epidemical
disease.!, against which it is a euro protection,
who, lither DiroueL indifference or increduli?
ty, neglect to teizu tho opportunity to euro
and means of prevention, which they have
only tu reach nut their hands to obtain. This
is strange; it is one of th?? anomalies of human
nal uro which it is impossible to account for
or explain. It i however, qnito curtain that
ovory clay tho nurdbor of tbeso martyrs of
neglect is diminishing. This is proved by tho
statistics of tho sales of tho groat romodv.
Dnring tbo present fall the demand for it has
increased beyond all prccudent, and it seems
aa if io the end tho entire community would
realize the important fact, that wtien all other
medicined proscribed for tho above complaints
fail, it can and does fluet a core. An a pro?
tection againet the diseases most common at
this season, thero is nothing comparable with
it_Pot 27 -13
THE CAUSES AND CURS OF CON?
SUMPTION.-The primary cause of Con
anmption is derangement of the digestive or?
gans. Thia derangement products deficient
nutrition and assimilation. By aseimilation
I moan that procesa by which the nu trimon t of
tho food ia converted into blood, and thence
into tho solids of the body, Fersons with
digestion thus impaired, having tho slight?
est pro-disposition to pulmonary disoaso,
or if they ttke cold, will be very liable to have
Consomption of tho Longs in some of its
forme; and I hold that it will bo impossible
to onro any case of Consumption without first
restoring a good digestion and healthy assimi?
lation. Tho very first thing to be dono is to
cleanse tho Btoniach and bowels from all dis?
eased mucus and slime, wbiob ia clogging
tucBO organs BO that they caunot perform
their functions, and then routeupand renton
tn o liv*r to a healthy action, tor thin pur
pose the mired and facet remedy is Schtncu't
Man irak? Pille. Tbeso Pills clean tho no
uiaeh and bowels of ali tho dead and morbid
loimo that is causing disease and decay in tin
wholo system. '1 hoy will clear ont tho livei
uf all diseased hilo that has accumulated
i hero, and rouse it up to a new and healthy
action, by which natural and healthy bilo i.
secreted.
Tho stomach, bowols and liver aro timi
oleanueU hy the une of Schnook's Mandraks
Pills; but there remaius in tho stomach at
ox ess of acid, tho organ ia torpid and tin
apetito pour. In the bowols tho lactoalfc an
woad, and requiring str- ngth and support. I
ie in a condition like this that rJchcnck's Sea
weed Tonio proves to bo tho most valuabl
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline., am
its use will noutraltz? all excess of acid, in ak
ing the stomach bweot and fresh; it will giv
permanent tone to this important organ, am
errate a guod, hearty appetite, and prepar
tho system for tho Amt process of a goud di
gestion, and ult ima tidy rn ?tko good, health)
living blood. After this preparatory treal
meut, what romains to cure moat cases c
Consumption is the free and persevering us
of Mcheuck'a PnimonioSyrap. Tho Pulmoni
Syrup nourishes the system, pnrifioathebloo
and is roadily absorbed into the circnlatior
add i hence distributed to tho diseased lungi
There it ripens all morbid mattera, whotht
in tho form of absconses or tubercles, an
tlien ???tinta Maturo to expel all the disease
matter, ia thu form of true expectoratioi
when once it ripens. It is thou, by the grei
healing and purifying properties of Schenck
Pulmonic Hyrup, that all eloura and eavitii
aro healed up a o und, and my patient ie, cnrei
the essential thing lo be done in curin
C io HU ni ni ion is to get up a good appetite ai
a good digestion, eu that tho body will gm
in tier-h and get strong. If a person has di
eased lungs--a cavity or abscess there-tl
cavity canuot beal, tho matti r cannot ripe
so lung as tho system is below par. What
uoctseary to cure is a now order of things
good appetite, a good nutrition, th? body
grow in flesh and got tat; then Natnro
helped, the cavities will heal, thc matter w
ripen and bo thrown off in large quant itu
and th? person regain health and strengt
This is thu true and only plan to euro Cu
saniption, and if a person is very bad. if t
lungs aro not entirely dont.ro> ed, or even
<>i,o lung is entirely gone, if there is onoti;
vitality left in tbo other to heal np, thero
hope.
I have seen many porson? cured with ot
ono sound lung, livo and enjoy life to a go
old ago. This is what Schuuek's Mcdicir
will du toenre Consumption. They will chi
out tho (stomach, (sweeten and strctlgthotl
got up a good digestion, and give nature t
assistance she needs to clear thc cyst em of
the disease that is in thu lungs, whatever t
form may be.
It is important that while using Hchenc
Medicines, care should ho extrciscd not
tan? cold; keep in-donrs*iu cold and dal
weather; avoid night air, and takoont-di
exercise oulv in a genial au? warm suu-shi
I wub it distinctly understood that who
recommend a patient tn ho careful in rtgi
to taking cold, whilu using my medicine's, I
so for a special reason. A man who has 1
partially rceovored from tho t fleet H ot a 1
cold is far more liable to a relapso than
who has been entirely cured; and lt in prod
ly the same iu renard to Consomption,
long as tho longs are not perfectly hoal
Just so long is there imminent danger of a
rei urti of the disease Hence it is that I
(strenuously caution pulmonary patte
against exposing themselves to a nat ni os pb
that is nut genial and pleasant. Oonfiri
Oomsumpiivert' langs aro a mass of soi
Which th? least chango of atmosphere will
llamo. The grand seoiotof my HUCCOSB V
my medicines coriBlsts in my ability to sub
inflammation instead of provoking it, as m
or tho faculty do. An inflamed long cam
with safuiy to tho patient, bo ixposud to
biting blasts of wluter or th'-chilling wind
i spring or autumn. It should bo carot
shielded from all irritating influences,
utmost caution. should he observed in
particular, as without it a cora, auder air
any circumstances, is an impossibility,
i Thu person should ho kt pt on a wholes
a id nu'tit ions diet, and all the medicines i
tinned until the body has restored to it
natara) quantity of flesh and strength.
I was myself oared by this treatment ol
worst kind of Consumption, and havo live
pot fat and hearty thoao many yearn, with ono
lang mostly gone. I have oared thousands
einco, and very many have been eared hy this
treatment whom I have never econ.
About tho lat o? October I expect to take
possession of my new building at the North?
east cornet of Hirth and Arch streets, where
I Bhall be ploaued to giro advice to all who
may require it.
.Full direction a accompany all my remedies,
so that a person in any part of the world can
bo readily cared by a strutt observance nf tho'
same. J. H. aOHENCK. M. D., Philadelphia.
For salo by druggists and dosiers every?
where. JOHN F. HENRY, 8 College Place,
Now York, wholesale agent. Nov 10 ty_
ON MA rt El AGE.
HAPI'PY RELIEF FOR YOUNO MEN from
tho ?neets of Errors and Abui-es in early
lifo. Manhood rester, d. Not vous debility
cured. Impediment-, to man iago n un.ved
New method of treatment. New and rumark
blo remedies. Books and Circulars Bent froo,
in sealed envelopes.
Address. HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2
Knuth Math street, l'hiladehihia, Pa.
Oot. 12_2 ni o
Oysters in Every Style.
MY Restaurant is in order for the
'winter season, aud OYSTERS and
other Refreshment s will bo furni-h
ed at short notion. "How will you havo thom
-fried, roasted or stowed? G. DIERGKd.
Oct 20_
Read! Read!! Read!!'.
STATE CAPITOL RESTAURANT.
Near coi-ner Main and Bridge Streets.
i&^fnJ OYSTERB in overy style-fTJQj
^J^^Roaatod, Stewed, Fried at.d??
>?^?r Broiled. Good Liquors, fino?
Winos, imported Cigare.
N. B. Private SUPPER ROOMS.
FRANKLIN i. FINE,
Oct 2G Proprietors.
THE PALMETTO RESTAURANT,"
Assembly Street, opposite Market,
18 now open for tho
S5*^J^^'Bea8on, and will furnish TP^!-.
^Sifcjr tho beat tho markots
afford. OYSTERS, FISH and-S^-^?.
OAME served in any style. Thu host ol
WINES and LIQUORS ean'ho had at tho har.
Oct 25 Imo D. McGUINMH. Prop'r
Dancing Behool at Temperance Hall.
?PREPARE yoHreelvea for tho South
Carolina duh Rall. Learn bow to stand,
dann? or walk gracifally. MONS.
Bfc-uOER teaches how to banco correctly all
the various square, rouud, German, and also
Fancy Dancen of every description, 'these
Fancy Dances aro most us. fal for thu im?
provement of tho carriago. Terms mod.trato.
Pnpila taken by tho session or tho month.
Two lessons per week. For particulars, ap?
ply at Hendrix House. Oct 15
Cheviot Shirts.
WE have received flvo dozen CHEVIOT
SHIRTS, that we will warrant tho cloth pure,
bod made by D. A J. Anderson, Glasgow, who
manufacture these goods exclusively.
ALSO,
50 pair Ooo BLACK CASSIMERE PANTS.
HATS, HATS, HATS. A fresh arrival.
Oct 15 Imo CHILDS WILEY.
URSULINE CONVENT,
VALLE ORUCIS, NEAR COLUMBIA, S. C.
jrf&b. THIS excellent School opened
/y^?^8eptember 1, and offers Board and
'WJMBSs Education at tho moderate terms
^Vwof fl60 pureesfinn. Music, Laut
???JF gaages and Painting form extra
chaigos. For cl real ar s, apply to
THE MOTHER SUPERIOR,
N. B. Befagoos, or parents visiting Colum?
bia for health, may enter their daughters by
tho mooth._ Oct 1812*
MILLINERY.
A LARGE supply of Ladies,
^Kgf?h MisBca and Children's Bonnets,
^?8ftL*e? H ats, Caps, Laces, Furs, ('leaks,
jSHf??v Ribbons, Flowers, Wreaths f -r
Bridal Orders aud Tournaments,
?V Hair of every variety. Toilet arti?
cles; all of whioh will bo sold very low. The
ladies of Columbia and elsewhere will pleaso
call and see for themselves, at
MRS. C. E. REED'S,
Ort 14 Hmo Main ni reef. Columbia. S. C
Mr?. A. McCormick
WILL bo prepared to open her
dSB?k handsome and nell select? d
?&SjgBk stock of MILLINERY AND
f?g?fgg?a FANCY ARTICLES on FRIDAY,
rajwg&M the tidi inst.
.dCSfraTW She has just returned from
fignpay^/W New York, where she spared no
*?ifvA P**ns m ..elsetinn of her
J?itv stock, hoping thereby to bo able
wt io please each and every one who
mav favo:* her with a call.
Her stock cout-irts of Bonnets, Hats and
Caps, of the latest and most fashionable
styles. Handsome Flowers and Feathers in
endless variety. Corsets of the vin best
make. Furs of tho latest styles, at remark?
ably low prices. Also, a good supply of those
handsome reaoy-made. .vuitb, all ol which she
offers at very low prices.
Mrs Met;m mick solicits a continuation ol
tho kind patronage of the Indi' a of Columbia
and vicinity, assuring them (hut shu will do
all in her power to please Oct ?1
A. B. MULLIGAN,
COTTON FACTOR,
t JIAROICSTON, 8. C.
rr-r-vrv 1 WILL, when placed in funds, pur
ttSM^ychauo and forward all kinds of Mer*
BHMPCIHH dizo. Machinery, Agricultural Im?
plements. Fertilizers, fte. Oct (i
Universal Life Insurance Company.
WE aro desirous of securing ibo service!
of a half dozen active Cauvasciiig
Agunta in South Carolina for tho Universal
Lito Inmranco Company, of New York, with
whom liberal toi ms will no mado. Wo desire
alBo responsiblo Local Agonte for oach town
iu thu State. M. W. GARY,
M. 0. BUTLER,
Htato Superintend! nt s-of Agencies.
CoLustniA, 8. C., September 8, 1871.
Sept 0_
BTho refile, for Temperance Hall, .to., will
positively tako placo on tho 10th November.
QUOTATIONS ?OB SOUTH GAROMNA SE?
CURITIES, BY D GAMUKILIJ, BROKEN,
MUID street, Golnmbiu, S. C., Dealer iu
Gold, Silver, Bunk Notes, Stocke, Bonds,
etc.-October 28, 1871.
STATE. Bid. Asked.
South Carolina Bouda, G ty
cent; (old)._ 73
Bout h Carolina Bonds, G "o'
cent, (new). 40
South Curoliua Stock, G ty ct. 10
CITY SECUB1TIBS.
Gi ty Col IUD bi H Boude, 6 ty ot. GO
City Columbia Bonds, 7 ct. 70
City Gdnmbia Gas Stock,
par, $25. 18
City Charleston Stock, G ty ct. 53
City Charleston Bouda, Fire
Loun, 7 ty cont. 71
BAli-ItOADS.
Sonth Carolina Bonds, 7 r(d
oeut., 1st mortgage. 8G
South Carolina Bonds. 7 ty ct. 70
South Curoliua Blinds. G ty ct. G5
South Curoliua Stock, par,
$100,. 32
Sonth Carolina Baak Stock,
pur, $125. 82
North-eastern Bonds, 1st mort?
gage, 8 ty cou t. 91
Nortb-ensteru Bonds, 2d mort?
gage, 8 ty cent. 81
North-eastern Stock, prefer?
red, 8 ty cent., par $50_
North-eastern Stock, Capital,
par, $50.
Charleston aad Savannah
Bonds, G ty cent. G5
Savannah and Charleston 75
Bonds, 1st mort., 7 ty cent. 65
Savannah Charleston Bonds
State ga aran lee, 7 ty cent..
Savannah and Charleston
Stock, par, $100.
Greenville and Columbia
Bonds, State g uar., 7 ty ct.. 5G
Greenville and Columbia
Bonds, 2d mortgage, 7 ty ot. 40
Greenville und Columbia 1st
mortgage, past due, 7 ty ot. 05
Greenville und Columbia
Stock, par, $25. 1
Charlotte, Columbia and Au
itusta'lst mortgage Bonds,
7 -ol cent. 81
Charlotte, Columbia und Au?
gusta Stuck, S100, par. 40
Spurtanburg and Union B'ds,
Statu guarantee, 7 ty cent.. 50
Blue Ridge Bonds, lat mort
gaga, 7 ty cent.. 50
Chcrawand Darlington B'nds,
1st mortgage, 8 ty cent.... 90
Chem wand Darlington B'nds,
2d mortgage, 8 ty cent. 75
BANKS.
People's Bank of Charleston
Stock, par, $100. 2 3
Union BaukChurleston Stock,
par, $50. 45
Planters'and Mechanics'Bank
Charleston Stock, par, $25 23
Sonth Carolina Loan aud
Trust Co. Stook, par, $100.. 100
First National Bauk Stock,
par, $100. 125
People's National Bank Stock,
par, $100. 10C
Bank of Charleston Stock,
par, $101). 19
Carolina National Bank of Co?
lumbia Stock, par, $100... 100
Central National Bunk of Co?
lumbia Stock, par, $100.. 100
South Carolina Bank aud
Triiht Co. Stock, pur. $100.
HANK NOTES.
Bank of Camden. 15
Bank of Chester. 15
Bank of Georgetown. 02
Bank of Hamburg. 15
Bank of Newberry. 15
Bank of South C-rotiiin. 05
Hank of Stute of South Caro?
lina, prior to 18(11. 25
Bunk ol Stnto of South Curo?
liua. 18G1 and 18G2. 25
Coin rnerciit I Bunk Columbia.. 05
Exchange Bank of Columbia 03
Farmers' autl Exchange Bank
of Charleston. 02
Merchunts' Bunk of Chertiw. 03
Planters'Bank of Fairfield.. 03
State Bauk. 03
These quotations are liable to linc
tion. Securities sent to mo will be
tnitted for as directed, ut thc best r
betraten. Stocks and Bonds of c
description bought and sold.
LOOK
to
YOUR INTEREST
AND
Get the Best i
?P$?ZP& MY lino of WATCH 1
{5F$ti tV^^Kv ,low fu" 1111(1 l""I-,l)lut0>
?&te^h?SV!&ai>i.i he -minie may (lepen
gelling Hm u. MI at Ibo lowest pos-dhlo i)g
aa my facilities ur? such thal 1 di fy com
tion from an.\ maikot.
I hu vu alan in s toro and emin tautly arr
all tho newest styl?s of Ladies' St ts, itt
mond, Coral, Cameo, Etruscan; Cold, .Ti t
elegant designs in Ohains, IJracelets.Clu
LOCUOIH, ,ye.; tin- Int? et and most beai
pattern? iii solid Silver and heavy I1
Warn- Ooods suited for bridal, hedida:
other presentations.
Repairing in all branche*, hy tho best
men and at reasonable rates.
ISAAC 8U1ZBACHE1
Oct 13 Columbia Hotel H
Martin's Slicing Snb-Soilcr and
Tiller Plow.
THE undersigned having purchase)
righi for this ?state to maiiufaciut
sol) the abovo plow, tho host and choapc
introduced, desiras a reliable Agent at
Conn tv Court Houso in tho State.
I Oot lO EDVYAKD HO
Bemoval--KEW GOODS--.Bc mo val
HAVP Just returned rom New York,
TM whore I made my pa chsees 1 am pre
1111 pared to Mbow one- of tho MOST CHOICE
JULaud SELEOT
STOCK OF GOODS
for Gentlemen's wear ever offered in this mar?
ket. My stork onibra ea Fri nell. English mid
Hootch Oasslmen a. Cloths and Vestings, aud
a fui) supply of dents' Hurnirhing Oonda ge?
nerally. I Lave ah-o a very largo flock ot the
celebrated "Mar Shirts." A aburo of pat ron
aga ?H i u*poot fully e boiled
e?~M v atoro ia Innaloo" in Stork's new build
?UK, a lew doora helow the old stand
Sept 17_.1 F I'lHKNMANN.
Faa and Winter Goods.
-?Aa THE undersigned begsleave to inform
W\ his otlatoniers, and the public general
Jf (C ly. that he haB just rt turned from Nev?
Y<>ik with the moat cl.o ai-lection of goods
over brought to tl is market, emhrncing DUE
BKlNci, Olotbs, French ai d Ktivlish Ca si
meres, Vostiugs, <\o of tho most modern
patterns.
ALSO.
Alargo assortment of GENTS' FURNISH
INO GOODS.
Uy pacing close attention to business, he
expects to receive a share of the pub ie pa
tumagn O. D. EBERHARD..
_H. pi 20_
CLOTHING HOUSE
OF
CHILDS WILEY
ARE daily receiving tho finest READY
MM)K CLOTH INO, iur old and yono*
gentlemen, that have ever been off. red in this
market No cuntom-mado can surpass, and
bot few can equal them, in style, and fluish,
and pt ice.
HATS.
Wo sell tho best, at lower rates than thoro
who don't bay from the manufacturers direct. I
?HIRTS.
Wo keep the Star and Trno Fit constantly
on hand, and wilt uko orders for half dozen
or more, and warrant a Qt.
VMJEU-W EAU in all varieties.
RUB BE fi CLOTHING.
OLOVES-Leather, Back. Kid. Dog, Rat and
Beal Bargains to be h?d in ULOYEB.
NECK WEAR-ab styles. Plain and faucy
Linen and Paper COLLARS.
81oeve and Collar BUTTON8-Gold and
somo that won't coin.
Wo wdl take Greenbacks at par for all
thean._Sf pt 20
THE RELIABLE
AND
OLD ESTABLISHED
CLOTHING
AND
HAT HOUSE
OF
B. W. C. SWAFFIELD
HAVE JUST RECEIVED ^a.
Hrnfflg tho largest and choicest stock
JmsS of REiDY-MADE CLOTH- IPk?
^Hfifi?klNO, HATH and FURNI8H
^^.ING GO DS, thattboy have ever
offered to the public, and embracing eveiy
Biz* ni ade. As we intend to do a largt r trade
than we have heretofore done, we will be *n
allied to eell at a SMALLER l'ROFIT than
wo have heretofore done.
Our French styles of
CASSIMERES AND VESTINGS
Are acknowledged by atrito bo the choice*t
selection of Goods ever set n in thia market
Onr style of GETTING Ul* GARMENTS ?ill
ho superior to anything wc have heretofore
at t> m pt ed.
Our stock of SniRTS. SCARFS and UN?
DERWEAR need Lut to be seen to bu appre?
ciated.
HATS-wo have all the latest stjlrs.
We aro still making tu order thoec perfect
fitting SHIRTS.
R. W. C. SWAFFIELB.
jta~ Country merchants supplied as cheat
as any house Snath of New Yi?r|t _8?pt 10
Kinsman ?&f Howell^
Factors a?id Commission
Merchants.
Liberal Advances made on
Cotton and Naval Stores,
Charleston^ S. C.
August 81 imo
M. H. BERRY'S
Furniture Ware-room
Main Slrpft, near Plain.
-wv^l*!?V^)w NOW on hand and daily re
^?TJJ.^T^ y'figf^' ivinn from the manufac
/g?-?.;? j-WsflSaj corit3tt ^ew York, Boston.
vaggasrrigd?BF Cincinnati and Louisville,the
Jr Jj largest assortment of FUR?
NITURE evor kept in thia market, concistlng
in part of Walnut Parlor, Chamber and Din
ing-Room Suits; '?(JU Bedsteads of different
paiterna. in Walnut and Imitation; also, the
celebrated Georgia Split-bottom Chairs.
All kinds of MATTRESSES made tn ordor.
UPHOLSTERING and REPAIRING done at
shortest notice and in tho best manner.
Terms fish and Grinds cheap. Oct AO
STENHOUSE, MACAULAY CO.,
Grocers and Commission Merchants,
Cn AULD TTE. JV. C.
SOLICIT orders tor COTTON. Corn, Door,
Bacon, Lard, A-o., and Family Orocorh e
geuurally. Orderb tilled carefully and prompt?
ly._Feb 7 tyr
OLD BANK HILLS and MU I IL.ATICD
CURltUNCY bonght and sold by
Nov 23 (Imo D. GAM 'RILL. Broker.
Tho only finn Playing Cards at POLLOCK S
Bnrvtvora' Association. V
THE Am,ual Meeting of tho SWhVIVORB*"
ASSOCIATION OP SOUTH CAROLINA
?ill be li?lp-at'Columbia, on THUH?UAY,
Novt mber 9. at 10 o'clock A. M. District As?
sociations are r> que sled to pond fall delega
t ?one, aa mattera of inti rent, will bc brought
before the Association.
On the following evening. November 10? tho
Anniversary Address before the Association
will bo delivered by that tr?o patriot ind
triod soldier. G?rerai J un A J. A. EAEI.T.
Ail Confederate soldiers, and those who
symnathised with the cause for which they
fought, ?nt invited to be present on thia in
tereriing occasion.
tty order ot tho President. General WADE
HAMPTON. A O. HANK KEL, Secretary.
Star Papers tbronghout the Btato are ro
qnecied to i-opy_Ool 21
American Club Fish.
>yfiff%vig A DEMOloUH relish; better
and mach cheaper than Sardines. For salo
hv _'_h. HOPE.
GOODMAN'S
Clothing B az aar.
Grand Opening
Foll and Winter
small profits,
elsewhere.
Kept 26
CLbTQISB, DATS
Furnishing Goods.
EMBRACING all the
novelties of the
manon Wu desire lo
cal) tbe attention of the
public to oar LARGE
MTOf K. which for quan?
tity, style and variety,
cai.i.ot bo surpasser! ia
the city-every article
being of eastern matoo
and cepicially adapted
to this climate We in?
tend to keep up with
tbo tin.es in catering to
the tastes of our cua
omere, and shall, as
heretofore, apply our?
selves strictly to the old
adage, Quick sales and
CB before purchasing
GOODMAN A SON,
Mnin street.
MONEY OAHHOT BUY IT!
.ror Hight ls Priceless!
Bul the Diamond Spectacles wilt Preserve lt.
IF yon value your eyesight use tbete PKK
PECT I.KSSKS! Ground from minute
orystal pebbles; melted together, and derive
their name "Diamond" on account of their
hardness and brilliancy. They will last many
years without change, and are warranted su?
perior o all others, manufactured by
J. E 8BENGER CO., N. Y.
CAUTION.-None genuino unless stamped
wi'hour trade mark. WM. GLAZE. Jeweler
and Optician is Bole ngent for Colombia, S.
O from whom they can only bo notait od.
N" ii..ddInri? emidoved. Jii'i 2fl llilv
A GREAT MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
MIL-LIONS Bear Testimony KO the
Wonderful Curative Kflccta of
DR. WALKER'S CALIFORNIA
VINEGAR BITTERS
.r.W.\uiKR rroprltior. B lt. McDu.tILD 4 Co.'OnirjaUiina
Ocn. Ag' ti. B?n F rmoclie?, CiL, ?ni Si ?od Bi Cotpmer*. si, S.V.
Vinegar Bitters aro not avilo Fnnc^y Drink.
Mada of Poor lt un-, Whiskey, Proof Spirits
and Refuse Liquors doctored, spiced-, anti;sweet?
ened to picoso ttio taste, called "T?nica,* "Appetiz?
ers," "Itcstorera," ?-c., tant lead the trpplcr on to
drunkenness ar.d ruin, but aron trna, Medicine, m sile
from thc Nativo Roots amt Herbs of California, 1res
from nil Alcoholic Stimulant*. They ara the
nil EAT DLOOD PURIFIER and A LIFE
GIVING PRINCIPLE, a perfect Renovator and
Invigorutor of thc System, carrying off nil poisonous
matter and restoring thc blond to a healthy condition.
No person cnn lako these lt',tiers according to direc?
tions and rcmala long unwell, provided their bones
aro not destroyed by mineral poison or other means,
mid tho vital organ* wasted beyond thc point of re?
pair.
They aron Crmle Purgative ns well nan
Tonic, possessing also, tho peculiar merit of neting
ns it powerful ngent In relieving Congestion or inflnm
mntlon of thc Liver, and all tho Vlsccrnl Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS whether In
young or old, married or single, nt tho dawn of wo?
manhood or nt the torn of life, these- Tonic Wltcrshave
no crin:?!.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Ithrntna
Ilum mid (.out, Dyspepsia or Indignation?
Ul I loo K, lt emil tout nnd Intermittent Fevers?
Olsen *e* of Ibo Blood, Liver, Kidneys, and
nimbler, these Ditter? have been most successful.
Such Dim-ones aro caused by Vitiated ninon*,
which la generally produced by derangement of thc
D tar?t I vc Organs.
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Head?
ache, Tain In tho Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of tho
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations of thc Stomach,
Bad taste In the Month, lillians Attacks. Palpitation
of tho Heart, Inflammation of tho Lungs, Tain ia the
regions of tho Kidneys, nnd a hundred other pulun.il
symptoms, nrn tho offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invlgorato thc Btoraach and stimulate tho tor?
pid liver niel bowels, which render them of unequalled
cfDcacy in clcnnslng tho btoe? of all Imparities, and
imparting newllfo and vigor to tho wliolosystem.
FOR SKIN DISEASES,Empilona,Totter,Salt
Bhenm, Blotches Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Bolla, Car?
buncles, ning-Worme, 6enld-IIcad, Boro Eyes, Erlslp
tins, Heh, Scurfs, Discolorations o? tho Skin, Humor?
nnd Diseases of tho. Skin, ofwhatcver nomo or nature,
arc literally dng np and carried ont of tho ayatcm In a
?h?rt tImo by tho uso of these miters. Ono bottle In
auch cases will convince tho most Incredulous ot their
curativo effect.
Cleanse tho Vitiate i Blood whenever yon lind Its
Imparities tainting tl rodi i tho skin in Pimples, Erup?
tions or Pores, ricans u hen you Unit lt obRtrncted
and sluggish In the vt* ns; leanselt when lt ls foal, and
your fet ilnga will tel: i n ?hen. Keep tho blood pura
and the. health ortho a will follow.
PIN, TAPE? mid r WORMS, lurking In the
system orso many th. usi nd?, are effectually destroy?
ed and removed. Fo' I ll dlrecUnna, resit carefully
tho circular nronnd ci.^a bottle, printed In four tan*
guagca-English, German, French and Epanlsh.
,T. WALKER, Proprietor. R. II. MCDONALD A CO.,
Druggists and (Jen. Agent?, Ban Francisco, Cal., and
82 nrd SI Commerce Street, Now York.
OTT BOLD DY ALL DRUGGISTS'AND DEALERS.
J ai.7.1 p1 ly Oi^lU?.n iuuuuauuii, AKUI.