She gnion fJeraarrat.
A<» ENTS.
Itmxitnvii .J.T.Wien.
Chiui-wCamp C W H. tM;n»ky.
Colnmtl* Ed. Klliu,
THOS. POYCK. F*n Fr»>»si«(t>—Office. Room No. SO,
Hoor) Mere bouts Exchange, Califvrnia Street.
SOVORA, CiUl'OUMi.
NITI'ItDAY ROK.M.X;, Ofl. |**7|.
Great Excitement at Lk>s Axcc!,es.—Los
Am.elk*, October 24.—Officer Rildrain at
tempted to arre.-t a Chinaman f«.r shooting
another last night and was resisted. The
officer railed Robert Thompson to assist him.
The Ch inese thereupon commenced firing on i
both sides of the street. Thompson was shot
through the breast and Rildrain through the
shoulder. The latter jumped on a h rse and
escaped. A Spanish boy was shot through
the leg. Thompson is dead. He was quite
an inoffensive citizen. The excitement is in
tense and the citizens are arming. The Chi
nese quarters are in a state of siege. Al-1
ready a hundred men are armed with Henry I
rifles and shot-guns. Ouo Chinaman has
just been captured and bung by the citizens,
who are firing at intervals, and regular vol
leys are heard tiring into China hau«e3 ut
random and from bouse tops. Two China
men have been killed. The Sheriff and civil
authorities have given up trying to restrain
the nmb. The Chinese are well armed and
mure blood will probably flow.
0 p. m. —Another Chinaman was hung at
eight o'clock, and the third one has just been
taken by the crowd to be hung,
9:!5 r. m. —Eight Chinamen have been
hung, ami nine, more will he hung as soon as
ropes can be found. The excitement is in
tense. A general riot is pending.
p. m.—Fifteen Chinamen have been
hung. The authorities have succeeded in
preventing further violence. Another China
man was captured and put in jail. The
crowd is dispersing.

Aitrcrn Concession of an im cndiarv.—
Chioauo, Oct. 2.?d. The Timex of this morn
ing publishes a highly sensational account of
the origin of the great lire, in what purports
to be the confession of a member of the Socie
ty of the Internationals, who alleges that it
was their work that he set the first fire on
Dekoven street, and about a dozen confeder
ates assisted him in spreading it. lie dis
closes that this was the third attempt to burn
the city the first being the 30th of Septem
ber, when the Burlington warehouse was
burned. The second was on Saturday night
preceding the great fires of Sunday, an ac
count of which ho gives in detail. The writer
further says that George Francis Train is a
member of the Society, and that in a lecture
in Harwell Hall the very night of the disas
ter, came near betraying them, using the fol
lowing language “This is the last public
address that will be delivered within these
walls. A terrible calamity is impending
over the city of Chicago—more I cannot say
—more I dare not utter.” The Times says
“That Train made use of those words can bo
abundantly attested, but it declines to offer
any opinion ns to the authenticity of the
story. That it will not bo believed, unless
by the most credulous persons, is certain to
nil who saw the tire, and the perfect hurri
cane of wind which accompanied it, and
which was quite sufficient to account for its
terribly rapid spread.”
Oakdaus.—This now town on the Stockton
nnd Visalia railroad near the south hank of
the Stanislaus river is growing rapidly. On
ly a few days ago not a building occupied the
town site, now quite a number of houses are
already completed and many more are in
course of construction. Hamblin, Hardin
Shedlioh have finished a very large livery
stable building. There are two stores one
owned by Mr. Sydnor and the other by Mr.
Tnohy. Mr. Blodgot is just opening a fine
restaurant. Of saloons there are an unusual
ly large number oven for a new California
town. Twelve now buildings are in course
of construction. A. V. Tnohy has contracted
with Soborn Steele X Co. of this city for the
erection of a large nnd commodious hotel.
The building is two stories high, and 72 feet
front by 35 toot depth and will ho completed
in a short time as the contractors are pushing
the work as fast as possible. The railroad
depot buildings are also under way. This
work is being done by Robinson Bros., also
of this city. Tanks and other railroad neces
sities are being constructed under the super
vision of Superintendent Moulton. The com
pany have reserved the grove where the
Champions of the Red Cross held their exer
cises a few days ago, for picnic purposes.
The railroad will he completed and the cars
running into Oakdale on or before the first
day of November. As a shipping point it
will always be a place of considerable iaipor
tanco. Siockion Kcpuhlicati
Forrest ani> Mountain Fires in New
York. New York, October 25. A special
from the Niagara Falls states that the woods
in the Taramarack swamp, seven miles south
east of Lookport, have been burning since
Mondavi. A number of houses, barns, crops
mid stock have been destroyed. It is feared
the tire will spread to Batavia. The farmers
are fleeing witb’thoir stock and furniture.
The fire east of Albino is reported subdued,
but another has broken out five miles north
•'t that place. The loss since Sunday at Al
bino is Ton houses, two flour mills
and l,o(H) cords of wood have boon burned
there.
A special from Washington states that in
formation is received that there are large fires
in the woods, radiating in all directions from
the Cumberland mountains, which are envel
oped in smoke. Oilier mountain ranges in
that section report frequent fires which often
do immense damage. The bituminous coal
fields are throated.
A Test Question. —Readers will remem
ber that a few weeks ago it was announced
in the Santa Cruz papers that a Mrs. \an
Valkenbnrg made application to the C 'unty
Clerk (Brown) of that county to be put on
the Great Register ns a voter by virtue of the
privilege granted by the Fourteenth and
Fifteenth Amendments to the Federal Con
stitution. She was refused such registrar n.
and took her case b*-lV.re the Third Judicial
l>i«trict Court, Judge S. B. McKee presiding,
and the notion of the County Clerk was sus
tained. The case has, therefore, been ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, and yesterday,
on motion of Creed Raymond, the case was
placed on the calendar and submitted to tbe
Court on briefs now on file. This may be
regarded as a test question to determine the
right of women in this State to be registered
and vote ns do the sterner sex. The action
of the Court will be looked for with a great
deal of interest by all citizens. —SacramttUo
Erpfrtcr.
Overrate «f Coudij Orbt.
The statement of the financial condition of
Tuolumne county as directed by the Supervi
sors to be sent tire State Controller shows the
total debt of the county exclusive of interest
to be $71,444 OS, the accrued and unpaid in
terest will approximate to $40,000 making a
total liability of about $lll,OOO. The total
assessment roll for this year shows the valua
tion of real estate for purposes of t axation to
be $622,446, and personal property to be
$551,121, making a t0ta10f51,173,567. This
statement as compared with that of 1869, two
years ago, shows that the large amount of
taxes paid by our citizens Lave made a visi
ble reduction of the county debt. In 1860
the county reached the end of its downgrade,
the depression was heavier then than it has
been since. The Assessment roll of that
year was less than those of '7O or ’7l, or any
that preceded it. With the roll footing sl,-
093,644, there was an indebtedness of $105,-
343 19 upon which interest bad accrued
amounting to about $45,000 making a total
debt of $150,000 Two years has reduced it
$39,000. The increase of taxable property
the past two years bus been slow much slow
er than it is reasonable to expect for the fu
ture. There are thousands of acres of land
to which our people will in a short time ob
tain title and with permanent improvements
will soon add materially to the value of pro
perty in the county, and ensure a low rate of
taxation. The debt being reduced material
ly each year with the present high rate of
taxath n, many of our citizens think the rates
should be leduoed. Is it not the better poli
cy to continue the present taxation until the
debt is reduced to such an amount that it
cannot again become burthensouie. The peo
ple of this county have suffered long enough
from heavy indebtedness that paralyzed
every industry and drove capital away from
them. Let us keep reducing the debt until it
shall not be the cause of keeping away the
means that io so badly wanted to develop and
open up our latent riches. Two years more
of high taxes and economy on the part of our
officers will place Old Tuolumne again on the
list of prosperous counties. The change in
the feelings and hopes of our business men
for the past two years is apparent throughout
the county. What has caused it can readily
be seen, the reduction of the county debt with
a prospect of light taxation, has given them
new hopes and renewed the energies that
were nearly destroyed during the time that
everything was going from bad to worse until
all that could do so fled the county. Lot our
farmers and merchants and all our citizens
who have passed through our depression,sub
mit cheerfully to taxation for a short time
until the county debt is cancelled or nearly
so, then they will have secured low taxes for
the future, which cannot help but prove ad
vantageous to all classes in the county.
Board of Supervisors. The Board met
on Monday all the members present.
Proposals for burying dead from Hospital
and Jail were received, one from C. Burden
who proposed to bury each body for $9, and
one from P. A. Freund for $9 50.
The contract was awarded to C. Burden
for one year from date.
The following proposals were received for
building fence in front of County Jail. W.
J. Beers $65; Gottfried Baer S4B 50; Roland
Patty $55; M. Kublken SOS and M. Hedges
S4O.
The bid of M. Hedges being lowest the
contract was awarded him.
The Financial Report of Clerk of this
Board was presented in accordance with An
Act to provide for obtaining correct state
ments of the financial condition of the several
counties of this State as follows Financial
conditionof Tuolumne County on the second
day ofOct. 1871. Funded Debt‘2l,ooo; Floating
Debt $50,444 98; rate of interest on $56,503
80; ton per cent, per annum on $13,441 18; sev
en percent, per annum. Description and value
of property owned by the County. Court
House $10,000; County Hospital $3,000 and
County Jail $15,000. Cash in bauds of
County Treasurer $9,183 42. This amount
includes 81,275 62 in State Fund. Value of
Real Estate $622,440. Value of personal
property $551,121. Total value of property
j $1,173,507. Riteof taxations 4 30. Amount
jof Taxes $50,463 38. The statement was
approved and a certified copy ordered for
warded to the Controller of State.
The returns of the Judicial Election not
having all been received the Board adjourned
I until Friday Oct. 27th.
Terrible Railroad Accident Near Stock
ton.—One Hvnpred Persons Reported
Killed. —-On Thursday evening n despatch
was received to the effect that the morning
train from San Francisco on the Western Pa
cific Railroad had run off the bridge over the
j San Joaquin river killing one hundred per
sons. A large number of residents of this
place and vicinity are absent at Stockton and
j San Francisco, the news when received ran
like wild fire through the town, the anxiety
|of those who had relatives and friends that
might possibly be on the train was intense
until a despatch from J. B. Douglass of
Stockton was received stating that there was
I no one from Sonora hurt. Fp to the time of
going to press nothing is known here beyond
that contained in the telegram announcing
the terrible disaster.

W. B.‘Norman of Calaveras, and T. M.
Pawling of Amador, both Democrats, were
elected Judges of their respective counties
on the 18th inst.

Tie Marin Journal says that the State Pris
on is now filled to repletion, and that the
question of enlargement must soou be taken
into practical consideration.
Nfw LrgiaUlirr Apporttonivral.
We are indebted to the United States Mar
shal of this State for a tabular statement of
the population of each county, by color and
nativity. It will be found in another c >l
One of the duties of the coming legis
lature will be to re-district the counties for
Senators, Assemblymen an I Congressmen.
This table will have to be the basis of such
legislation. The result will he a large in
crease of Senators and Assemblymen for San
Francisco and a few other e 'unties, and a
proportional decrease for the no unfain c un
ties. The Constitution limits the members of
the Assembly to SO ['potion 29, Article IV.. 1
and provides [Section 0. Article IV.,] that
the number of Senators shall not be le*- than
one-lhirJ nor more than one-half the number
of Assemblymen. This is the present strength
of each bouse, and it is not likely to be de
creased ami can’t be increased. The last an
portUnment was made on a basis of 3 X 0.000
as the total population of the State. That to
tal divided by SO g ive the ratio of apportion
ment for Assemblymen—l.7so being the fig
ures. We find the ratio for the new appor
tionment by dividing the total population as
given in this table (5G0.223, or say even
5GO,000) by SO. It gives ns 79*00; that is
one Assemblyman f r every 7,000 inhabi
tants, regardless of color or nativity. By re
ference to our table the read- r will at once
see how the new apportionment will reduce
the representation of many of the mountain
counties, and increase that of San Francisco
and others. Calaveras now has 3 Represen
tative*, with a total population of but 8,895.
She will be allowed but 1 Representative at
the nest election. Santa Clara and Santa
Crus have now but 4 Representatives togeth
er. By the new apportionment they will
form an Asseml ly district with 5 members,
the two having verv nearly 35.000 population.
Sacramento has now 5 members, with a total
population 0f2G,830,. We shall therefore be
allowed but 4 under tbe new apportionment;
and San Joaquin, which has now but 2
members, with 21,050 population, will lie al
lowed 3 under the now apportionment. Shas
ta and Trinity have now 1 Assemblyman
each. Hereafter they will have but 1 togeth
er. Stanislaus will get a member to herself,
while Mariposa and Merced will have but 1
together. Los Angeles will retain her 2
members. El Dorado and Nevada with 4
members each will he cut down to 1 for the
first anil 3 for the last named. Placer and
Nevada, now having 7 members, together
will he cut down to 4. Sierra and Siskivon
will each lose 1 member, and Tuolumne will
lose 2. San Francisco and San Mateo, now
having 13 Assemblymen and 5 Senators, will
under the new apportionment be allowed 22
Assemblmen and 11 Senators! These eight
counties San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa
Clara, San Joaquin, Sacramento, Sonoma,
Solano, and Alameda, with 291,101 popula
tion, will have II Assemblymen and 20 Sen
ators, and hold in their hands the political
balance of power of the State. From these
figures and remarks the reader will at once
see how important ir is that San Francisco
should do no act to strengthen the already
dangerous power in the hands of the Cential
Pacific Railway monopoly, by giving that
city over to that company to have and to hold
and to rule at its will. Possessed of the city
they would not he long in defying the State
and controlling its legislation after their own
desires.— S<tc. Union.
San Francisco Insurance Companies.—
The Stockholders of the Pacific have levied an
assessment of seventy-five dollars per share.
The Union has an assessment of forty-five
dollars per share. These assessments when
collected will leave the capital of the compa
nies unimpaired after paying their Chicago
iosses. The Bulletin of Tuesday evening
says
Commissioner Mowe has declared the Peo
ple’s Insurance Company insolvent, within
the meaning of the Insurance act. and order
ed the capital to be repaired. If the losses
of this Company be as large as reported, it is
probable that r.- receiver will be appointed,
anil the affairs of the Company be wound up.
It is not known what course will be pursued
by the Fireman's Fond and Occidental Com
panies.

Alabama Claims.—By circular letter from
the Department of State, any one having
claims growing out of the acts committed by
the several vessels which have given rise to
the claims generally known as the Alabama
claims, are requested to file without delay as
the time for presenting the cas? r.f the United
States under the Treaty of Washington ex
pires on the IGth day of December next.
There are two claimants residing in this
county who have filed their proofs perhaps
there may be more.
Fire and Loss of Life.—Tbe Fitchburg
depot, in Charleston (Mass.), was lately to
tally destroyed by fire, and Miss Addle An
dros*, who was employed in the building as r.
clerk, lost her life in attempting to save some
valuable books and papers in her department.
Mi ss Andress wap the neice of M.. 0. An
dross, of Colombia. Senator elect from Tuol
umne county,— Stockton Independent.
Land Matters.—The Stockton Independent
of Tuesday notices Quite a number of gen
tlemen arrived from Tuolumne county yes
terday, for the purpose of transacting busi
ness in the United States Land office. A
committee of the Trustees of the town of So
nora also arrived on business connected with
their town site.
Tbe appeal of Laura D. Fair charged with
the murder of A. P. Crittenden, came up ir.
the Supreme Court on Tuesday when on mo
tion of the Attorney General, and by consent,
the cause was set for hearing Saturday No
vember llth.
The Fires in Wisconsin—Great Suffr
ing.—Milwaukee. Oct. 23.—C01. C. D. R .b
--in«on. of Green Bay, Says the fires at that
place extended over a ;ract fifty miles long
bv twelve wide. The people of the peninsu
la gathered at Menitnonee, on the east shore.
The greatest suffering is from ten miles
north of Green Bay to Little Sturgeon Bay.
Governor Fairchild states that he lias tele
graphed to the Secretary of War. asking him
to issue one hundred wagons and harness and
one thousand uniforms tor the destitute peo
ple, and that he had received a favorable re
ply. General Sheridan promised to issne ra
tions and keep sujvplies on hand all the Fall
to draw from.
Large quantities of men’s clothinghas been
received. The need now is for heavy w.*-
men's and children's clothing and undercloth
ing.
XOTBI. WKITIS«.
“It was a dear aurumor night, when all
nature was* reposing in the gentle stillness,
precursor of the season of sleep; a< I was seat
ed in my fathers, hall door.*’—Or, “the hol
low winds of December howled around cur
dwelling, as the well known step's of (some
hero of the story) were heard upon the walk
that led to the parlor door of our country res
idence'*—Or, “it was in ti e gay and festive
scenes of a brilliant m i-oueraie, that 1 first
felt the gentle pressure of the hand, that was
tq lead me through the paths of life."—Or
>ome other stereotyped expr. s-ion, similar to
the above, introduces to the public, nine
tenths of the literary productions of the pres
ent age. A*. re! iceiiiu iis becoming epidem
ic. Every body, now-a-d »y«. must exhibit
the exuberance of their imaginations, it) sto
ries of 1 've, blood it murder. And those
modern, literary luminaries, ate astonished
that the public cannot appreciate the (blun
dering) llat (pointless) plan, and insipid
twaddle.
The scenes must be laid in some romantic
spot, the description of which, will occupy,
at least on? chapter; and to read the descrip
tion of one of those, is to read that of ten
thousand others. The paths, the trees, the
stumps hy the way side, the old chimney of
the house, the moon beams reflected Irotn the
river or perhaps from a goo-epond, magnified
into a fairy-lake; the rose, the woodbine, the
moaning pine, all have their appropriate
place; the hooting of the owl, or the baying
of the distant wa tab-dog is, perverted into
the “Mu-io ot the birds’’ to add a charm to
the story, or occupy as much paper ns pos-i
--ble, before they get to the* shadow, of the sin
gle idea, they thought they had, when com
mencing their literary career. Next comes
the actors or characters, in the drama, and
another chapter is consumed in considering
them, Rut not as Homer of old, or Shak
spear would do it, by the acts and sayings of
the characters themselves, that the more one
reads, the more he wonders at, and admires the
genius of the author: but their forms, fea
tures, tempers, principles and motives, are
described in tbe mechanical common-place
language of the most ordinary intellect and
acquirements.
If a female is in the story, “her auburn
ringlets fell gracefully around her snowy
shoulders,“ or hung in wavy tresses around
her swan-like reck —the shape cf her nose,
the size of her ears, the articulation of her
arms, bands and ancles, must be described at
length. If a man is to be described, his sym
metrical mustache stands prominent in the
picture, his diamond ring receives a passing
notice, his “duck of a foot, bespeak him eve
ry inch a man.”
And now those two characters, at the end
of the twenty-first chapter, arc brought to
gether, they both love at sight, converse by
sighs and signs, an accident happens, which
causes them to embrace, each reads, in the
others eyes, that they were destined to be
united for ever. At this critical moment tbe
enraged parent, or a jealous rival enters, a
light ensues, the fair Venus faints and you
are at the end of the story.
And this is genius this is education this
is the literary status of the present age 1 And
what does this desire to be scribbling come
from It has been said that the generality
of education engenders in the people the de
sire to become authors —and as great talents
are above the generality of mankind, as the
abstruse dependencies, and relations of the
laws of science, are dry subjects to the major
ity of the people, it is not wonderful, that the
many aspirants for literary fame, adopt the
only plan, that promises any hope of success.
It is not the generality of education, but
tiie ability to write, with a sorrowful, want of
knowledge, that j ronepts so many, to seek
fame in long description of tbe ladies at ball*,
parties, concerts, celebrations and fairs, notic
ing particularly their toilet, their dresses,
skirt.-, and sometimes even their boots and
garters. It is this that prompt-’ frog stories,
love stories, ghost stories and all the other
stories without plan, system, order, knowl
edge, diction or structure, with which the pub
lic press and the public generally are annoy
ed. “Moonlight Musings,” “Mysteries of
Matrimony," “Love." “Seduction.* “Elope
ment, “Domestic Quarrels.“ intermingled
with murder and every other immorality and
vice, expressed in equivocal language more
Euggesiive of ignorance and indecency, than
of anything else, should be frowned upon, by
every lover of pure, elevated and elevating
literature. /-acvrous.

Convicted of Adclterv.— A Salt Lake
dispatch of the 21st says
The jury in the Hawkins case came in last
night with a sealed verdict, which, on being
opened this morning, was found to he “Guil
ty/’ The Court room was crowded, and the
ar.nnnnoement created much sens.- tion. Coun
sel for the People moved the Court to take the
defendant into custody, which motion was
stoutly re-i-ted by defendant’s attorneys.
The prosecution, however, were firm in their
demand that the case should take the ordin
ary course, and tiie United fvrte's Marshal
accordingly was directed to hold Hawkins as
a prisoner. Time was allowed to prepare
motion for new trial and arrest of judgment.
The penalty of the Utah statute for the crime
of adultery is imprisonment for not exceed
ing twenty years and not less than three
years or by a fine of got over SI,OOO or
by both fine and imprisonment at the discre
tion of the Court. This is a test case, and
virtually places all polygamists at the mercy
of tiie first wife, who, under the Act, is the
cnlv party who can institute proceedings
against the husband. Tbe case was contest
ed on both sides with great determination.
The charge of Chief Justice McKean to the
jurv last night is spoken of as being eminent
ly able.
Experience warrants os in recommending
Hall's Vegetable Sicilian Hair Renewer as a
sure remedy for gray hair.
Attempt to Dura !»a» Franci*c».
While our own city is intent on the great
calamity of Chicago, events of a startling na
ture are transpirirg in our midst that o«!l b r
the greatest vigilance on the rmrt of etc secs
and public officers. P«irin|t Saturday morn
ing between three and tire o'clock, three fires
were discovered in the southern portn n of the
eity, in suoh e! -e nr ximitv and under cr
i cumstanoes tl at lead to no other theory than
1 that com bin- d and villain. us incendiarism.
At the h or first mentioned a lodger in the
tenement h us f I>, Beckett, n Stevenson
street, south of Bancroft's building. discover
ed a shed in the rear of the premises on tire,
j and immediately cave the alarm. Others in
the h use ar se at Lis cries and one was self
possessed enough to throw si v >rai pails and a
i tub of water on the flames, effectually ex in
gui-hing tfiom. Bernard and Hag
gerty were in the vicinity, and while they
were investigating the circumstances of the
tire, a cry tr >m the direction of Sr. B ni'.iee
restaurant called th.eir attenti n in that ditec
tic-n. They immediately repaired tvi that
place an 1 there disc vero 1 that th.e wo dshe 1
of Mrs Kensev's lodging hou»e, above the res
fanrant, had been tired. The tlair.es were
burning with vigor, but some water being
near, they were extinguished. V* bile the
above two fires were being quenched, a third
alarm w s given, th s time bv a lodger in
Mrs. I,van's h uses No. 17, Fourth street.
The pers >n who dl»c n red this fire was a la
dy on the ground floor. If had been built
opposite her window, and ti e bright light
streaming in had awakened her. She woke
up her husband: he ran into the yard and al
ter some hard work conquered the tire before
it had gained a too powerful hold. Those
fires occurring within so short a lime and
within the same block—that 1 undo! by
Third, Fourth. Market and Stevenson streets,
set the officers and citizens on sirs investigat
ing lead. The entrance to Beckett's yard
was a passage way between hi* btrdiog and
another one. and the fire was built in the
woodshed and amongst the firewood and coal
used by bis tenants. He states that no »she*
are dep sited in the yard at any time, and
also that no fires are ever 1 uilt in the v mini
fy of the place burned. The side wails of
the shed wore burned and charred for some
distance, aud at several places the flames had
burst through and caught on the outside.
At Mrs. Kensey's the wood-shed was burned
in the same manner and to the same ex«> nt
as at Beckett's. bile passing through the
hail vrnv a batch of burned paper was found,
and an examination showed that it had been
placed on the stairs with the purpose of firing
the house. The paint on the stairway was
slightly blistered but beyond this no damage
was Ji ne. In the hall wa v leading to 7IT
Market street, the office of the b aited States
Medical Purveyor, a aimihir lun ch of paper
was found, having been placed against the
door, which was burned and blistered from
the threshold to the knob. Each of the hall
ways mentioned are always left open nt night
end access to any one of them »s easy. At
Mrs. Lyons’ she states that a barrel of shav
ings stood on the side of the yard opposite
where the fire was discovered, and it had
been removed and the contents emptied on
the flames.— Bulletin, Oct. 23.
Election Returns. —Something like defin
ite returns have been obtained from Alameda,,
San Francisco, Butte. Nevada, Amador, 111
Porado. Yolo, Sierra. Shasta, Marin, Stern
memo. Placer. Solano, Yuba, San daaquin,
San Mateo, Santa Ortiz, N'nnn, Siskiyou,
Contra Costa, Santa Clara and Las Angeles
counties, which give Bohtuder a majority of
nearly 12.990. The remaining counties in
the September election gave 3.557 majority
for the Demooratio ticket, and Tod majority
for the Republican ticket. If the counties to
be heard from give tiie same majorities as in
the September election the majority of Bi.lan
der in the State will he about 9,000. But
should the gains in the remaining counties
be relatively as great t.s in the counties heard
frornyhe majority of B-dander will reach 11.-
000. We believe it w ill exceed that figure.—
Sacramento IHi on.

The squirrel and gopher hunters have pre
sented 5i0,900 worth of scalp? .of these ro
dents to the county of Alameda and the coun
ty of Alameda has but 52.090 with which to
pay the scalp premiums offered.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GREAT AUTUMN TONIC.
II olCali<*nya S{;irk
A j l<-«- int C >r ii which sfron Lit lions ami improve* the
Diiresii.m. an excellent pieventative ot Fevers, Fever
Hii‘i A nml a trivil Uenovatei ant! Tonic for inva
lids anil del iiitat« .i persons. max A' Co., New York,
S*lo Mjiiiutaetusa rs. S.»l«i by all Druggists.
July S l>7l-lo Dec 24
Sin is verv much the offspring of physical
ill-healrh, and feeble stomachs. During one
thir l of our time the processes of digestion
must go on in our ho lies, hio! if the stomach
and bowels are not weii nothing is we i|l To
he dyspeptic is to he miserable me.reaver,
dyspepsia is the foundariun of fevers am] dis
eases of the blood, liver, skin and kidneys.
Dyspepsia invariably yields to the virtues of
the vegetable ingredients contained in timt
great purifier of the blood and restorer ef
health, Dr. Walker’s 0 aliform a Vinegar
Bitters.
Trust What Time has Sauctioord.
The maxim that the v.»iee of the people is
the voice of the divinity, may in some eases,
he open to doubt, hut the testimony of honest
and enlightened witnesses extending through
a series of years, and all to the same purport,
is worthy of credence, admits of no question.
Upon such testimony the reputation of IDs
tetter’s Stomach Bijters as an antidote and
cure for many ailments is based. Daring
the twenty years that it has been before the
world, innumerable preparations intended to
compete with it, have gone up like rockets,
and come down the extinguished sticks.
Meanwhile the progress of that incompara
ble tonic has been swift and steady—always
upward and onward like the eagle’s flight,
Ds introduction produced a revoluti n in
therapeutics, and it proved to be one of those
salutary revolutions that cannot go back
wards. To-day Hostetler’s Bitters is one of
the most popular remedies in Christendom,
and commands a larger sale than any other
medicinal preparation, domestic or imported,
on this side of the Atlantic. As a cure for
dyspepsia, bilious disorders, nervous affec
tions, general debility, and as a preventive of
epidemic fevers, it takes precedence of every
other remedy. This fact should teach the
ambitious country dealers who endeavor to
foist their local abortions on the public in its
stead, how futile their small attempts to
cajole the community must necessarily be.
Where the game fish have failed there is no
chance for the “suckers.
Oct. 14,1571—1 a
A boy sixteen years of age, who is six feet
three inches h’gh and weighs Chi pounds, has
<rr nvn nnd n. -v resides near Antioch.
SEW IDVERTISEMEXTS.
S5OO REWARD.
Srm: ok r»i iiormi, r\Krr
ti'p P pi: i unit, s.-r.i i:ns 0. f r ITiU. 1.-Tl.
W »n-<' i \N •K:> vs- t iu> 11th div"
f Aotn't. -71. issur.;<• <tatHa Vails'i, on be Mon.'
Rotrt in Ttt luttr.e .'onuty, i»o S< \'\'SWk »tsi*aiv,
tmiM itbstamii. jt the of the ettuvrs of ti e U»
.til. at Ursje
Now, Hi e»v fore, T. 11. If, nVI »11T. tl." crmtr uf IRo
s?*.te I Ci'i'Cr tl, hj Sri rt fie f 'li. atit'e ii:v 11 me sCst
edlij thecon»titntiMi Mid U«« <-f the StM., do hereby
i.wani <1 HV K Ml NO.tit tMU.AKS lor the »i
re-t i.l .ie ,s. r» of the sa si r s;r>is i a-r* miss the liaiui-s f
C Shcnf! .vf Ts! 'llsinnss s' Uliti ;V4 Mstinl (will I .sisi
u; ll'e 'in ,-tiou of uur.sler ma 0. art s’f c<'mpe
t* it! nssiieimn,
1 \s os- wnt aavf 1 h-\s'hers iinlo set my hnisi
I 8 (Ml I Mate Hbt (Wllii
’.hi- tT.h.tsv of lM"l .r. '.-Tl.
H. il. li AltillT. Usivrrnor.'
•At! 11, I. V t.-. orotary ol state.
Dr-rriptioi, of the .tfwrr-niil illurdfrrr. i
(tiie of tt• ’s r’. r.t i f,' T> iinh’S. .lira Imitt. fV.lt
»»i -ns I) 's on k 1 ne«s4 V... n eye-. In svni'h hair,
is. s-, m, a\..u. speak. ■.i 1'.:,, di, ails! 'i. o j yoote
Sf‘«,.',
or i- ut 7. foot ii. -'ss, very si.uk, .tout
.1, s'.«si iy il- k. eli. ft iiiul thiu li.iu iiUi»ker».
1' .Knit -’N .U'- f
Ost. V.-. is:i
SlOO REWARD.
r ga ii i: niK ituiivni vvn.i, »»»v
tb- ,«»s rs'ss it.l l.'t- tli.> vs sv. :s.l a 1* ASK
I'.l.s'" N H- v- Is, fano- blob. sss i. liuiii l.fsNl |s.sum)*,
,slm year- 01.1. biaiidsi ssitlitlie K.vk fcver Kaiis-h
liramlott tils' letl hit.'-.'Shet fill tlu> urn'-' iiiul s-ssn
aioltsitl of the I'.u that -IsSss' --1,1 1 s'i —is from Uo-li'-
hs r lis.it, Ml. insi upon hi. h the loll.'H itt£ per', nba a
oi.i ill. K. M. funr.nn’ am a pn-iuiptisiu 1> No. MlO.l
Tln i i f.sre i s eompliam'• ssih iioiiuotisiis of the l\mi>
mi."i.*:ii i s i this ti.'iis'inl him! OtTio", it ia heis'lsv s.rsls'resl
tti.it outlie .Olh tiny of !>«•<.'iiilicr, A l>. |>J|,
■it '0 s. ois'.'k, A M.y. u K. 'l. t’ uiniogl .iiu ,«mi
e.ioh iiiul s-vety |ss resiii i l.iiiiiinr the ahove inentifsiis»J
ho st "i suy put tin !oof. Hppoar I s'.i.r.s us in 'hi' I' S.
I- s 1 1 OlVu's*, iu the oily I M,,, kssui sviih your vs 1111 S‘S s I*—
prepare I to t. 'tify as to the mim ral su- nou-iiiiuoval
s'liaias lsT s-f Ills* alloys' nis'iiti. ix'il htiuh s'r liny part
tilers' if, ami show can'", il any there he. why I.s'.mharslt
K.shl shoulsl r.sst Is.' ahovvesl to etc.sir the ntotvs.usi Un.l
or ysrtain jssutisus s f the '.mi-. 11, rein fsii u.st. or
ills'sail! I.sti'l will Is.' aw ai'sls'il to lis'onharslt Kali! upon his
lurmshiuy the proper ptwoi of Os'iii; lutuie yvitu the pn
empti 'll law.
iU.i'a our h.u.Js tics Kith dav .>f t' silver. 1-71.
M i.Vil.l.K t'OTTI.K. U. aister.
OTIS i'KUKI.N, Ucoelv'er.
October ‘2S. ISTI.—.-vw
I|SlTi;i> SS'ATI !»«p A MKRICA. STATE
of Cditoi nia.—United State* I .nil (tffi.o, City »f
SMuktou.— Nuikv and Citation hef >n» lli<> Rtgist *r and
lii-i i iver i f itif Stockton l.and Office.—When is .l inn-.
I.■ nt-v s Nil. 5515) of Tn.Jumne C'lintv. did on Ihu
241 h dav ol October, 1 ST I. n|»|»>y t" tin' !!egi-ler nf tin' I’. S.
I.nint 1 1 Hi ci*. at St Utnii. fa!, to nitir n Agri.nDin.il I.a ml
t A\ I .of N W 1 NK 1 nf \w k. an.l N\V of K
1 Si'i i li'ti No. 2;>, T->" n.- i|i \o i N■ .i tb Range No.
14 East. Mount l iah'o Meridian, a portion of tin-, samo
h iving I returned liv the United States In-putv Snr
vihiii ,ii Miticral Kami. anil upon a portion of which li. F.
Kruiik■ 11 h.i iai re i.mp i.m claim. (l> S \o. ais:i.)
Tin tori' in compliance with instruction* of tin' Conti,
mi fi-ni r of tin- General I a’ d i >llici' it io hereby ordered,
that on fin' »«*l ol'Ocrritilnir, A O |S7 I
Ht 2 o'clock I* AI. yen said If K. K ranked and each ami
every o’lier pers-n claiming the above meotioned land or
anv part thereof appear lief, re ns in the C. S. Kind Office
in tin* city of st.-ekton with v air witnesses prepared to
te-tifv as to the Mini t il i r Non M nerd character of 'ho
ahovo inputivtteil mtt.l, or any part thereof, atn! show
cans-', if any there he: vvhv .tames i.oney shout) not ho
.•itlo’veil to enter the aforesaid Kami or certain portions of
the sa .11*. Herein fiil not, or the Haiti land w ill tie award
t«l to sahl .1 1 lues Konev, upon his furnishing the proper
proo! of compliance with the Preemption law.
Witness our he.mis this 24'h ilav of October. ISTI.
MKl.\ 1 KKE CuTfKK. Register.
OTIS PKIUMN, Keeeiver.
Oct. 2S, ISTU.-.w
A* i:n vr vriisttr ytikuh'a. state
of Califin ia.—Unite.! Slates Km.l llffl'e. tljty of
Stockton. Notice ami I it.ation iiefore the Register ami
Keeeiver ef the Stockton Kami Office. Whereas John
Kenney 7)42 of Tuolumne County, ill.l on Mu* 2till Jay of
Octol.er. IS7I. appli the Register of the I’ S. Kami Of
fice. at Stockt 'o. Cali ornia. to en'era- Airrieul'iiral Kami,
the 1- ’,•tS\V’,anl S i: 1 Ct M I k Section No
Town* hip .No. 2. \otlh R.ur-Vi* No U ills'. Mini lit Diablo
Meimlian, a portion nftlo same having tern refnrneil by
the rirt.nl States uty Surveyor as Mineral Kinds. to
wit til. Sll', ~f N W v an 1 upon. the 11 of S W
Hol.ert Patton m i.ln proot and payment as a pre-emptor,
O, toll r 21st. IST I.
Therefore in compliance with instructions of the Com
mi-sioner of thy General I.and Office it is hot el.y ontereil
that on the slh tiny nl Dcri'nibrr, 4. tl IS7I,
at !1 o'clock A. M. y at Robert Patton, ami each ami uve
iv o'hev per* 'n claimin' tin' also p mentioned fat'il or any
part tin r. ,c appear In l. ie ns in Ilia U. S Kami Olhe in the
City of Sforkton with ymir «itne-<.s pre arc.l to testify
b 'lie Alim’l' il or Non-Aline a! Character of the above
mentioneil lami. or anyp rt thereof, and -hw enn-e. if
any there he; why John Keener. shonlit not he allowed
to enter the tifoii'iil Kami ..r certain portions of the same.
Heroin fail nofi or the siM lam) w ill te* awarded to .fnhii
Kenner upon his furnishing the pr per proof of compli
ance with tin* Pre-emption I,aw.
Witness our hands this 24th il-v f Octol.er, I*7l.
H F.I.V 11.1. K COTTKK. R.*gister.
OTIS PKoKIN, Keeeiver.
o t 28, is i
ipplicatioa lor a i'alftit to a
iJiiniT/. Minin'; 4'litim.
Ao. 97.
U.virrn Stvtes Kind Office. I
Stockl .n, CaK, Oct. 24. IS7I. j
jJM M TOTTF.N AND FREDERICK GRIFUNG. FJAV
in" tiled their appli it inn in this Office for
a Patent ton Minim; Claim, ami the law ami instructions
in Mich cases pr .viiK*.l ha\ in- be-n romptie.i with, it is
hereby ordered that the annexed notice of inch applica
tion ln> published for Ninety days in the Union Democrat
n newspaper published nearest the location of said claim,
ut Sonora, in Tuolumne C ouniv. state of California.
MEKVIKKE CUTTLE, Register.
'VOTICE is hereby jriveti to w hom it mav concern, that
11 an appiic t; in will lie made by 0. >l. Totten ami
Frederick OrilTi-ir, an nu.clation of persons known an
Oriffing and C mp.any. to the government of the United
Statci, for a patent to the 101 l .mr di-icribed Qn trtzUold
Milling C aim. know n as the .4 p Quartz Chins si'uated in
tin* Quartz M nutain Jfining Itis'ritt, Tuolumne County.
S ate ofCilifort ia. b.dng b mi.de I hv the Dutch Quartz
ejaim on the Norths In* 11. sb*p’»• Qua t* Claim on tl
Pass, hv Hitchcock’s Claim on the Soiitli; hv rprlenPui 'l'.
I ,nd d timed by Airs (Jr. nt on the West; and more partic
ularly d.- I if*e l IS follows On surveve I binds h.-ins in
the NAV 4 fSi: ami NK’jof S W 1 ami SE J 4 of
AV I 'ot section 2J. township No. 1 N irth. Range 14
Ea t. AI aint I iahl M- ri Man. T. e numlier of feet claim
ed ly said applicants is nine hundred and ninety-four
linear feet along the course of the vein or 1 ode, w i h all its
dips, angle* ami variations, an I three hundred fe-t in
width, am! also surface ground necessary tor the conven
ient use and work ng of s-ihi Quartz iode or vein, and con
taining Twenty live ami 3-40 acres, the said claim lining
in the M-Inct of lauds subject to sale at the United fMales
Kind '(lice at Stockton. California, and m re particularly
d. s ribed in the diagram and field notes tiled w itb this ap
pdic’tion.
AII persons holding any adverse claim thereto are here
by n ijiMred to present the same before the Register and
Receiver ot the U S. I.an-i (iffiu* at Slockt. n, CaUJornia,
within Ninety Days trom the date of pos:ing and j-ut'-llciv
tion hereof.
AT. TOTTF.N.
FKEDEKICK GRIFFINO,
Oct. 20. 1571—2«-3m.
VALENTIN E PITTORFF,.
FonAII’RIiY PROPRIETOR ofTurn Verein Hall
h aving returned f "in a visit to the East, has pur
chased the property next North of John Muudorfs Store
and has opened a
SALOON,
where can be found at all times the choicest brands ot
WINES,
LIQUORS <f
CIGARS.
LODGINGS FURNISHED
AVitU \ETV Beds anil BEildinit*
His friends and the public generally are respectfully ia.
vited to give him a call.
Sonora, August 2d. 1871-tf