THE HER ALII
VMwaitkce Prairie da Chien B. IL
CAR TIME AT BOSCOBEL.
<olng Mlt to 23 P. W
Ni<ht exproM,tMMt, 11*50 a. m.
A< roiutnod’a, «*Mt«
Kxprn.*, going
Night •iprw«. 4 05 p M
V coinnKxl'o
M tr*in onlgconnect* »t Mrllrngor
winn-ol* »n.llow* The 9.-IH A. M
tr!<ln onni. t/nt Milton Junction aml Mllwenkee for
point* Kost. f B BUtwCK(
Agent at Boacobel.
Mineral Point Railroad.
CARTIME AT PLATTEVILLE.
I'LATTKVILLIt—Traine leave at 9 A M.
arrive at 4:10 P. M.
BELMONT —Train* leave at 9:30 AM.
arrive at 3:40 P. M.
Train* run daily except on Bunday. Paaeengera
having Platteville at 9 A. M.. arrive In Chicago at
7 I*. M Paaiwnger* leaving Chicago oh the morning
train oma <Ure< tly through and arrive at Platteville
at 4 iop.M. aery W. COBB, Sup't
I uoca 1 Matters:
Lecture.
Mihh Iknnettu Titu*, blind
young lady will deliver u lecture in
the M. E Church, Friday evening,
Dec. Bih, on the “Immortality of
M EMoR i.”
Minh Titua in a graduate of Baldwin
I nivertdly, Berea. Ohio, and cornea
highly recommended by President
J \V heder and Pref G 11. Huriwpur
<>t that institution A. D. Lord, Supt
Ohio In.stitute for the Blind, and J
M. Trimble, laic aasiatant of the Mi
nonary Society of the M E Church
II in hoped that the friends of the
in.fortunate will receive her goner
''Uy, and give h*-r the support she
»o well merits.
No fee is charged, hut merely a col
lection asked at the close of the lec
ture. Doors open at 7 o’clock.
S. W. EATON.
A. D. DEXTER.
—Sleighing is good.
-County orders taken at the //<r
u office on account.
—The story regarding the poison*
ed tiering* is pronounced a hoax.
Parker A Hildebrand are giving
great bargains in clothing and ladies’
furs.
—The Lafayette county circuit
I'-oirt was opened at Darlington yes
terday.
-To get rich, practice industry
and economy, and buy your goods of
Parker A Hildebrand.
—F. F. Adams’ excelsior smoking
tobacco Bells at 10 cants per pound
at Smith's tobacco store.
Patrick Donohue of St. Roue
hus received letters patent on a
binder's table for harvesters.’’
Powers' livery rigs make a cred
itable show this winter. Billy
knows how to bring out a sleigh in
tine style.
—The latest kerosene victim re
ported is Miss Susie lloron, of Perrys
ville. Ohio, who was burned to death
on Friday evening last.
—We want 50 cords of wood—dry
and green—at the Herald office on
account. As much was promised us
last winter, but was not delivered.
Many of the little children about
town will kindly lemember Mr.
Lester Lewis for the day’ ho recently
d.-voted to their pleasure behind the
bells.
-Brown of the GalenaG’uct tte feels
assured that of the two proposed rail
road routes from Monroe to the Mis
sissippi river, the Platteville will be
adopted.
—Tho weather tor a week past
has been th'* coldest tor many years
at this season, this morning at 7
o'clock mer -Airy standing nt 22° Fah
renheit.
Don't forget the lecture at the
,M. E. Church on Friday evening.
The lady comes well recommended
uh an oratress, and deserves a gener
ous support. Givo her a full house.
—We fin the following good one
in tho Fond du Lac Commonwealth:
An exchange wants to know “who
will bring us a turkey for Christ
mas Apply to the Relief Commit
tee, pauper.
—Thanksgiving day was pretty
generally observed by the people of
L ineaster. While the sun shone
bright and warm, the boys and girls
were out a-sleighing and when the
stars came forth, these same and sev
eral others assembled at the Phelps
House, where they danced until two
o'clock m Friday, Dec Ist, 1871.
—if there be another place where
the art of cooking and serving veni
son steak, or anything else, for that
matter, is as well understood as it is
al the Phelps Home, we think the
fact ought to be mentioned in the
next edition of an unabridged dic
tionary. Where things ure manag
ed in the most correct and approved
hotel style, there of course will the
guests be gathered together.
Fair anii Festival.—The ladies of
Lancaster have something rich in
store tor us all. They propose to
haven sort of pre-Christinas enter
tainment, which will prepare people
for the perfect enjoyment of that
merry season itself. The time fixed
tor the entertainment, Friday and
Saturday, Dee. 22 and 23—afternoon
and evening; place, Good Templars
hull object, an increase of the new
Congregational church fund.
Fashion Items Tambour work is
now all the rage, and is used for trim
ming sacks, drosses, and linijerie of nil
liiada.
Many persons will be glad to hear
that lotig ribbon sashes with bows and
loops are c< mi ng into fashion again,
and arc very much worn with street
costumes.
Hoops and crinoline have almost
entirely gone out ot fashion, the
dresses and overskirts being made
aiaj trimmed in such a manner as to
render them nearly superfluous.
Very large sailors’ collars ot linen
trimmed with wide lace and embroid
ery reaching nearly to the shoulders,
are very stylish were with a morn
ing dress with cuffs to match.
Crimson cloaks, like those worn by
gipsy fortune-tellers, are said to be a
probable fashion for ladies the com
ing winter. A few of them have al
ready made their appearance on
Broadway.
The newest style of street costumes
are of black or colored silk poplins,
embroidered with silk floss, and trim
med with lace. Some of these cos
tumea costs from three to four hun
dred dollars, and are very heavy and
rich looking.
LANCASTER LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.
Proceeding. of the Annual Meeting.
Ihe annual meeting of t| te Lancaster Libra
ry Association was held, pursuant to notice,
in t fie office of Barber foClementson, on Mon
day evening, November 27, 1871, the Presi
dent, Mr. Lewis Holloway, in the chair.
The Directors and the Treasurer presented
their reports as required by the By Laws pf
the society.
On motion the reports, together with the
books and vouchers of the officers, were re
ferred to a committee of three, consisting of
Mr. R. E. .Murphey, Mr. David Schreiner,
an- 1 Mr.A. H. Barber for examination, who,
after due scrutiny, reported the same satisfac
tory and correct.
The report of the Directors showed, among
other matters of interest to the Society, the
issue of 56 stock-certificates ami eight annual
memberships during the year, or during that
portion of it embraced in the Society’s exist
ence.
The receipts from this source have been
$546 j from library, fines and charges on
books, $15.30; from books sold, s3.7s—total,
$565.05.
The disburstnents made by order of the
Board, as shown in the report of the Treasur
er, have been:
8. C. Origg. Co. for b00k5„5.74.75
Freight on do 5.75
Repair, to book-case »,B5
Printing, blauk book, an-1 atatiouery. 16.75
Rent of library room and librarian's .ervicw... 20.00
Cash on baud 88 15
Total di.bur5ni0ut......5565.05
To meet a demand unprovided for in the By
Laws, the Directors introduced a resolution
providing for the issuing of annua! member
ships to stock subscribers at the rate of two
dollars per annum, thus enabling members to
draw from the library atone time two books
instead of one, which was adopted as Section
X VIII of By Laws.
Tile meeting then proceeded to the election
of five Directors, as provided for in the act of
incorporation.
motion the retiring Directors were unan
imously re-elected.
The following resolution was also introduc
ed and, after full discussion, adopted
Kesolwd, That each stock holder of this Association
lisll ;>a> into the treasury a tax ot one dollar per
year in two equal One payment Io be made
on the first day of February, and the other on the
first day of July of each year. The Director, are em
powered, on the failure of any stock holder to pay the
.ante, to take such steps as they may deem proper to
enforce the payment.
On motion the Secretary was directed to fur
nish the H krai. it and “Democrat” a copy of
such of the proceedings of this meeting as
might beol interest to the members of the As
sociation.
Alex Provis, Secretary.

Kaltenhach —Enlarging upon our
notice of Mr. Kallenbach's appoint
ment as Postmaster at Potosi, the
Galena Gazette toy
“Mr. K. is an old settler in tho
lead mines, and was one among the
first at Potosi. In 1837 he was ap
pointed Postmaster by President
Van Buren in the then Potosi, known
as “Snake Hollow.” lie held the of
fice continuously, under President
Harrison, Polk, Taylor, Fillmore,
Picrco and Buchanan, up to 1861,
when the excitement of tho times
caused a change. Mr. Kaltenbach is
and always has been a Democrat, yet
if he again takes the Post oflico, we
doubt if there will be much objection,
politically or otherwise. He makes
an obliging P. M. and does not ob
trude his political opinion.’’
The Galena Spirit oj the Press and
Dubuque Times also speak of Mr. K’s
popularity and long public usefulness.
Sociables.—The ladies of the Epis
copal church intend holding a series
of sociables for the benefit of the
church. The first will be held at the
residence of Mrs. Fanny Sherman on
Thursday evening of this week. Tho
young and old are invited to join in
tho frolic.

Late Publications.
Atlantic. —This magazine for December
lias a full variety of first class articles. John
Fisk furnishes “Light and Darkness,” a pa
per upon the theology, of various ancient peo
ples. ‘-Kate Beaumont” is continued, their
delightful “Wedding Journey” concluded.—
Bret Harte unfolds a decent tale abont “The
Princess Bob and her Friends.” Longfellow
and Whittier sing with all their old-time in
spiration, and in the “Whispering Gallery”
many interesting things are told about the
great poet Wordsworth. The reviewer of
books announces his utter disbelieve in much
of Joaquin Miller’s disastrous “yawping” and
frenzied versifying, saying, in conclusion,
that as yet Mr. Miller can not be said to have
secured any place in literature. But he has
the hearing of the world and a grand opportu
nity. For the next year this magazine prom
ises more and better things than ever Before
in its history. Subscribe now. Terms $4.00
per year, in advance. James R. Osgood &Co.,
Boston, publishers.
Old and New. —Here we have a magazine
which is in many respects just a shade superi
or to any of the others, good as they are. In
the December number we read a good essay
upon Day-I'reatning, a second paper about the
Language of Brutes, which will bear and re
pay a third reading, “God with Man,” sever
al gems of first-water poetry, and ever so
much more. Bret Harte is cleverly written
up bv a lady, who detects in him the stuff for
the dramatist of the New World. The serial,
“Six of One by Haifa Dozen of the Other,”
is of course the leading attraction. It is a
joint production by a set of the best writers of
fiction on our side of the sea. The number in
hand contains the opening; chapters. Send to
Geo A. Coolidge, 143 Washington St., Room
J, Boston, I.GO, and receive in return the
magazine for a twelvemonth.
Scribner. —An old Nuremberg legend, in
very creditable verse, is the first thing found
in the current number of this popular period
ical. Bayaid Taylor reviews somebody’s book
and Stedman warbles The Flight of the Birds.
There is something about the vast plains of
the West, and something about the public li
brary of Boston. Of stories and poems tha
supply is generous, the variety judicious and
the quality good. Many capital articles are
given, many leading writers represented.—
Four dollars sent to Scribner Co., No. 654
Broadway, New York, will insure you the
magazine for one long year.
Godly, —The ladies all know what this
magazine is, and it is hardly necessary for us
to say anything about it. But having just re
ceived tne number for January, a stick full
or more of solid brevier must be thereunto de
voted. The steel plate is fine, and the fash
ion plate beautiful. There an illustrated New
Year’s Call of a sadly humorous character,
and another picture which will be understood
and appreciated by the girls much better than
by the good-natured monsters who are or are
not invited to this or that party. The literary
contents are excellent. “It Snows,” one of
the many good things found in the school
readers of long ago, is given, illustrated, in
Godey’s Lady’s Book for January, 1872. We
could, an' we would, tell you much more con
cerning this publication, but will end our no
tice for the present with this remark—Domes
tic tranquility “and all that 'ere” is youra for
one whole year, honored head of the family as
you are, provided you subscribe at once for
Godey’s Lady's Book. Enclose three dollars
securely in a letter, and send to L. A. Godey,
N. E. Corner Sixth and Chestniß Sts., Phils
delphia, Pa.
Atlantic Almanac —On the tenth of this
month will be published this attractive combi
nation of wholesome literature and superb art.
Every reader of the Herald ought to have
this valuable almanac, which is to cyst only
50 cents, and will be for sale at the Lancaster
book store. The New York “Tribune'’ says
of the publication that “it will be altogether
a fascinating medium through which to learn
when rise and set the suns, when ebb and
tlow the tides.’’
Nursery.— Who that is nearing the prosy
lands of middle life can look through the pag
es of this bright and interesting magazine for
children without a pang of regret that some
thing like it was not published when he or she
was “a child by the old hall fire upon the
nurse’s knee?” The reading matter is not
made dreary and repulsive;with morals and re.
minders ot what becomes of the good little
boys and girls who never steal sugar, while
the pictures are the best of their kind that the
best artists and engravers can produce. Send
$1.50 so- a year’s subsription to John L. Sho
rey, Boston, Mass.
Christian Weekly,— This paper, with
its finished illustrations and instructive read
ing matter, is fast gaining popularity as a fi-st
class family journal. Two dollars per year in
advance. American Tract Society, 150 Nas
sau Street, New York.
Wisconsin State Horticultural Soc y.
Tho next annual meeting of the
Wisconsin Stalo Horticultural Socie
ty will be held Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday, Feb. 6-8, 1872 com
mencing Tuesday evening. The
place of meeting has not yet definite-
Ip fixed. Wo make this early men.
tion of this meeting that the friends
of Horticulture in Wisconsin may do
Homething to make it even more val
uable than any former one. Any
suggestions as to the meeting—sub.
jects to be discussed, question on
which information is desired—or any
facts or opinions believed to be of val
ue to fruit-growers, will be gladly’ re
ceived by the officers of ihe Society,
and made use of so far ae may be
practicable. J. S. Stickney, Wauwa
tosa, is President; O. S. Willey, Re
cording, and G. E. Morrow, Corres
ponding Secretary.— Western Farmer.
From Dunleith.—A correspond
ent at this neighboring river town
writes as follows, under date of Nov.
30 “The river is still open at this
point, while for a mile above and be
low it affords a safe bridge for horse
and man. The clerk on the Ida Ful
ton, who arrived here this morning,
says that the ice in the river between
Fulton and Lyons is already in fit
condition for crossing. The cause of
the river’s not being closed at this
point seems to be the bridge, the ice,
which is much thicker than usual,
lodging in vast masses against the
piers as it comes floating from above.
The freezing goes on slowly, insur
ing a good quality of ice for storing
purposes.”
PalmerA Barnett,—Those of our
readers who get their “store things”
at Boscobel can find in another col
umn an advertisement which they
will read with pleasure as well as
profit. The firm we know, and what
they announce in the way of busi
ness we can freely endorse. They
deal in goods of a superior character,
know that business is business in
English as well as in Greek, and en
joy in consequence tho custom and
confidence ofthe best part of the Bos
cobel trading public.

Weekly Wisconsin.—The atten
tioh of our readers is called to the
prospectus of this excellent and trust
worthy newspaper, published in the
Herald to-day. Read carefully.
Behold!—lf Mr. E. W. Briggs will
give us his P. O. address, we will
send a receipt for the subscription
money received from him a few days
ago-
CHICAGO MARKET.
Chioauo, Monday, D«eeuib«r,4.
Wli'-at, quiet mid Htrady at 1.19% coah, 1.21*4 **6*
er January. Corn 41J4c. Oat., 32*4@32%c. Barley
63c. Live Hog*, active at 4.00(5.4 10. Dreaavd Hog.,
465 Cattle, 3.25(0,5.25 lor fair Stocker, to extra
choice aiuooth .hipping steer.-
market.
Milwavkkx, Monday, December, 4.
Wheat—Nul, 1.22% No 2, 1.20, aeller January 1,-
20J4- Oats, 32%. Corn 41%<a42. Barley 64. Hoge,
live,3 Cattle, prim
grades 4.00(&4.50 common to medium 2 50@3.30
BOSCOBEL MARKET.
COXKICTID iv.xr TVXan.T MORNIBU BY PAKKKK, HIL
-51BKAKD CO.
BoSCobkl, Tuesday, December 5.
Wheat, bushel 1 OW./.1 04
Flour, yl cwt 3 20
Corn, V bushel 32
Oats, bushel 25
Barley, bushel, 40(4'45
Rye, bushel 45&i'50
Beans, (4 bush 75(<i>l 25
Butter, Packing, H lb 15
Butter, Fresh Roll, j 1 lb 18
Lard, tb 8
Eggs, >doz 18
Wool, Fleece, lb 50
Wool, Tub Washed yt tb 00
Beef Cattle, "p cwt 1 75(3)2 75
Pork, Live,-p ewt 3
Pork, Dressed, "P cwt 3 75(a>4 10
Chickens, -p tb 8
Turkeys, -p tb 10
tb 6
Ducks,* tb 8
Hides, green, fr tb 8
Hides, dry, -p tb 18
Salt, p bbl 3 25
PLATTEVILLE CASH MARKET
Coßßli'TlD KVKIY TUMDAY BY M. B. TBOWBBIbGB.
PlATTftjni.B. TuemUy. December 5.
Wh«at t per bntli
Flutir, per cwt 3 20
Corn, per bush 30
Oatn. per Lush 23
Barley, r* bn*U 35(3> 40
Rye, per bush nominal
Eggn, per dog t... 30
Freifh Butter, 1b 20
Uird, per tb
Salt, per bbl 3 10(0*3 25
Beef, per cwt- 2 00(<u4 00
Pork, live, per cwt 3 25(0:3 40
Pork dreHaed, per cwt 4 10(a>4 50
Hidea, green, per tb.
Hides, dry, per 1b-
POTOSI MARKET.
COBBBCTKD IVKRY TUBSPAT MORNING BY B. W. WRIGHT.
Potosi, Tuesday, December 5.
Wheat, per bush 1
Flour, per cwt 2 90<a' 00
Corn, per bush 35
Oats, per bu»h 25
Fresh butter, per !b 20
Lard, per tb 9
Kggs, per doz| 18
Salt, per bbl 3 50
Beef, cwt 3 00(<i-4 00
Dre-Ned Pork, per cwt 3 so<a>4 00
I»ie««ed Chickens, per tb
Dressed Turkeys, per lb
M ARBI EDt
Io Lancaster, November 29, by Rev. A. D. Dexter,
Mr. Eli Fox and Miss Anna E. Crosby, both of Lan
canter.
The 11 kbald printer! return thanks fora share of
the nuptial cake, and wish the newly wedded couple
a long life of unalloyed happiness.
In Lau< aster, November 27. by Bev. A. D. Dexter,
Mr. Henderson Halforty and Miss Mary A. White,
both of Lancaster.
In Lancaster, November 29, by Rev A. D. Dexter.
Mr Henry Brewer and Miss Addle A. Smith, both of
British Hollow.
In Plattevide, November 23, by Rev. J. E. Pond,
Mr. O A. Hinman, of Harrison, and Miss Barah A.
Burney, es Lima
DIED’
In I.auca«ter, December 31, of scarlet dropsy, Fssxx,
ko u of Wil.iaui and Elisabeth Ferguson, aged 4 years
aud b months
L)BT NOTICE.
All notes due me, whether large or small,
not paid by the Ist day of January, will be
placed in the hands of an officer for collec
tion. Thia is ray last notice to those indebt
ee to me by note or on book account. It will
save costs to settle this month. Promises
will not answer. I must have the money.
Lancaster, Dec. 4. (27t3) A. DILGER.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
AU persons having Bills against us are re
quested to present the same in detail, and all
parties knowing themselves indebted to us
oy note or book account are requested to pay
the same before the 31st day of Dec. 1871.
Dec. 4, (2713) BAXTER A KINNEY.
STI WHOM IT
W'e desire to inform those who are indebted to u»
that W e Meat Have .Money, aud trust that they
wiltvali and see us at once without further notice.
Nov. 21st, 1871. A. T. A. BI RR
25w3
A RARE BARGAIN—OnIy 81150
will purchase a farm of 80 acres two and a
half miles from Lancaster. S6OO required
down, balance on long time. For further
particulars address or call on
27tf JOSEPH BOCK,
OSes over Ryland A Holloway's Bai,k.
$1.50. 81.50.
WEEKLY WISCONSIN.
Now is the Time to Form Clubs.
THE BEST anTcHEAPEST
FAMILY PAPER IN TUR WEST.
Each uurnbar of the WxiKLi Wtscoxstx, contains
short Editorials on the leading topic, of the day, the
News of the world for the week. Agricultural Item*,
Commercial News, Maiket. mad) up expressly for
Ui<- We<*kly, a snort Org|iual or Belscted Btury, Inter
ustiug Correspondence, Choice Poetry, and a
Boys’ and Girls’ Department.
Arrangement, have been made to publish sovraa
interesting Serial Stories during the year, commencing
with
“MATTIE.”
By the author of "ANN K JUDGR/' and "SO MAN'S
FRIEND”
THIRTEEN MONTHS for $1.50
We will send the Weekly Wisconsin to all new sub
scribers from the Ist of December, 1871, to January
Ist, 1873, for 41.50. Subscriptions to be made before
January Ist, 1872.
Terms of the Wisconsin:
HKKIH.Y WIROONBIM.
1 copy one year 41 60
10 copies 15 00
One copy to getter up of club.
20 copies one year 25 00
One copy to getter up of clue.
Additional copies at rate of the Club.
HEMI-WEEKLY WIRCORtHN.
I‘Mithed n’rdntidays and Saturdays, roniuintnj/ a
taryr amount us matter, and amwertny thr
purpose of a dasl.y paper.
1 copy one year.. 4 3 00
5 copies 12 50
10 copies 22 50
Ono copy to getter up of club.
EVENING WIECONRIN.
1 copy one year, by mail 410 00
1 copy three months, by mail.... n 2 50
All letters should be addressed to
CRAMKR, AIKENS A CRAMER.
Milwaukee, Win.
November 29, 1871. 27
Important Announcement.
To my Customers and the Public in
general:
On and after December 1, ’7l, prices
on all goods sold by tne will be re
duced to the lowest Cash Basis. This
will enable mo to offer great bargains
in ready-made clothing, dress-goods,
silks, poplins, etc., —white goods,
shawls, laces, and, in fact, all articles
usually found in a firstclass drygoods
establishment.
Having determined to do business
on a strictly cash principle on and
after January Ist, 1872, it is hereby
announced that no more credit will
be given at my store from that time
forward. Farm produce of every
kind taken in exchange for goobs.
Bring your pork, grain, butter egt s,
etc., and I will allow you therefor
the highest rates this market affords,
giving in payment goods at the low
est cash figures.
All persons knowing themselves
indebted to me are respectfully in
formed that they must settle all dues
between this date and the first day
of January next.
Hoping that my new business de
parture will meet with general ap
proval, and confident that the cash
system will prove a blessing to cus
tomers as well as merchant, I hereby
return thanks for tho flattering pat
ronage of the past, and respectfully
solicit a continuation of the same
under the new regime.
Anton Schmitt.
Lancaster, Nov. 28,1871- 26w4
Dental .Notice.— Drs. Newell A
Averill, dentists, will be in their Lan
caster office from tho 15th inst. until
the Ist of January. One of the
doctors will visit Bloomington on the
20th of December, and remain three
or four days only.
Special.—Drs. Newell Averill
wiil’bo in their Mineral Point office
from the Ist to tho fifteenth of each
month, and in their Lancaster office
from the fifteenth to the last of each
m>nth. This is their permanent ar
rangement for this winter, unless
otherwise noticed in this paper.
Patients residing at a distance from
either office will please inform by
letter a few days in advance, wI.
To my customers I wish to say a few words.
Having served io this community for over 20
years, my gains are far inadequate to my ef
forts, while many suppose I have acquired a
competency sufficient to retire, they have and
do act on that idea, by letting a small account
lie unsettled a long time, compelling me to
hire just the amount due from them to meet
my bills, or compel me to trespass upon my
creditors, very much impairing my own cied
it. The mildest language that can be applied
is, ’tisnot bight. A farmer has no right
to hold for speculation (or what he tries to
think right,) for bigger prices. A merchant
in this village told a farmer to sell his (the
merchant’s) part of that grain immediately.
That’s the idea. Sell so much as will pay
what is due your mechanic or merchant, &c.;
then if anything is left hold it as long as you
please, instead of saying, “I have no money,”
when asked by your mechanic and compel
him to hire money for you. Hereafter when
you come for work at mY shop, say how long
you want credit, and when that time comes,
pay. The profits are consumed in loss of use
of the money; then we workfor nothing. Im
mediate payment will be demanded if this is
not adopted. D. H. BUDD.
BAXTER KINNEY,
LANCASTER, WIN.
To the People: Before you
buy your Buppliea, go to Baxter
Kinney’s and see their Big Stock ot
New Winter Goods, bought last
week in Chicago tor cash. A tall
line of beautiful Dress Goods, La
dies and Gent’s Fine Buck and Kid
Mittensand Gloves; Hoods, Nu
bias, Scarfs and Shawls in all the
latest styles and designs. Men and
Boy’s Overcoats and Caps, new
and cheap Boots, Shoes and Rub
bers also lined over shoes and boots
—a very desirable article. Ladies
and Gent’s Underwear beautiful
and cheap. Cloths, Flannels, Lins ys,
Germantown and Fancy Wool and
Yarns at very low prices A large
stock of Christmas and New
Years Goods suitable for presents
for old and young. Come and see.
26tf Baxter Kinney.
PAY UP, PAY UP!
All persons knowing themselvts indebted to me
either by note or book account are requested to settle
th. same by the let of November. Harvest ia over, and
I Will take no excuse. M< ney I most have in order to
carry on business. All uotea and book accounts cot
settled by the Ist of November will beplac.-d in the
Lands of an attorney for collection. I ntan what 1
‘•y- JOH.’W'OLLOCK,
Lancaster, Oetober 9th, 1871. j»ni3
NOTlCE—Murray Agent.
H. ALLEN, agent ofC A Murray, will visit Grant
county about the first ot Decernt-w (not later than
that timelfor the purpv.se of receiving dues to Mr Mur
ray Payment of all amounts then due will be re
quired promptly and in full, without any further ex
tension. and parties will govern themselves accord-
H. ALLEN.
_ _ Agent ofC A Murray.
Dated Geneseo, N. Y., Oct 9.1871. 21tf
-A- OJLLIJ.
Wishing to visit tny former home in California lor
health and recreation, I take thia occasion to say to
all my customer* that in order to carry out my
plane 1 must insist on the payment of all notes and
accounts due on or before the first day of December
next. I have afteo discommoded myself for the
accommodation of rev patrons, and ask each of them
to do the same for ms this ones.
D. F. BROWN.
Bloomington. Nov.44tb, 1881. 25vr3
FARMERS
OF
GRANT COUNTY
w. are Building GRAIN WAREHOUSES at
tlie Railroad Station, at
SPECHT’S FERRY.
WAUPATON,
and TURKEY RIVER,
Which «ill be completed during NOVEMBER, when
»e shall t>e prepared to buy for
EARLY
DUBUQUE PRICES!
All Grain and Dressed Hogs
brought to theie atatlooe. Many of you have sold u«
Jour produce in Dubuque for years part, but now
the railroad enable* u* to bring our market nearer
your homes, thua saving you much time and tedious
hauling Our warehouse at
SPECHT’S FERRY
is already completed and receiving grain. At the oth
er two points we shall be ready before winter forms
an icebridge over the river. Our warehouse at Turkey
River Station is located a mile and a Imlf west of
Cassville. You will Bud it to your interest to give us
a call. HILLER 4 CO.
November 11, 1871. 24w6
BOSCOBEL.
TANNERY
BACHMAN BROS.
KISTLER,
Manufacture ni of and deulvrn ir
LEATHER
x SHOE FINDINGS.
Saddlery Hardware!
Blnkrh SA,| DLES.
Ua niesv Hors* Mrs
Bells. (f Uy Nets. nr
Keep constantly on hand a fnll assortment of
Sole Leather!
FRENCH AND DOMESTIC CALF AND KIP SKINS,
Upper and Harness Leather.
Onr Tannery him now been eatabliahtd nix yeara,
nod the leather made by na is an good uh any irianu
t act med at the East.
FIRST-CLASS
WORKMEN employed in the making of Horse Col
lars, Harness, Fly-nets. Ac.
Highest Cash Prices
paid for Hide, and Sheep Pelts.
TANNERY on Sander’s Creek STORE corner of
Oak and Wisconsin Avenue
Boscobel, November 25, 1871. 22-29/1
The “SINGER” Ahead!
We have met the Enemy and
they are ours!
VICTOHY 2
A. a trial hettveeu the
SINGER AND HOWE
SEWING MACHINES,
In Crawford’s Hall, Hazel
Green, Nov. 3d, 1871.
We. the committee chosen in this matter, decide,
Iml That the HI.VGEH has the best HEMMKR.
2d do do do do do do FLLLEII
3d do do do do do do ’I Ct K hit
4th That the Singer Las fewer pieces in ito construction.
sth That the upper tension >n (at his equally good
6th That the Howe has a superior ’ower tension
7th t hat the SIAtiKH has the quickest motion
Sth ThU the Singer has the best way of regulating
the Stitch.
9th That the Howe has the best Bobbin Winder
10th That Loth machines are very good and durable
SC. DILLEY,
GKO. BRODRICK, >CoM.
J. STEPHENS,
The undersigned will open an office in laincaster in
a few days tor the Singer. A full stock of sewing
machine supplies will be kept on hand. All kinds of
sowing machines repaired Satisfaction guaranteed.
Enquire nt he Larcaster House J. W. CORKY,
Practical sewing muchlnest and agent of th*» Binder.
<sP*Office in A. Schmitt’s store. 2-'»w4
AGENTS. WANTED
EVERYWHERE
Ta sell th' mMt popular work- ever before introduced to
th' American thiblic.
TSE GREAT IMWM,
CHICAGO,
Its past, present and fvtvre.
THE ORIGIN. PROGRESS AND RESULTS OF THE
GREAT CHICAGO CONFLAGRATION.
With graphic scenes, incidents anil details of the
disaster. Liats of the principal Bankera, Manufactur
ers and Merchants who are losers. A complete pic
ture ot Chicago before and after the fire The Trade
snd Commerce of Chicago. Details of its Municipal
Affairs, aud the Great Fires of the World.
The statistics of the Fire Department, with a de
scription of the Wonderful Waterworks. Doscrip
tion of the Sewerage, paving and building materials
The extraordinary marvel of the River running up
stream. The uumber, location and mode of operating
the Grain Elevators. History and description of the
famous Steck Yards. The nnnrber of Railroads, the
latke Trade aud Commerce
From personal observations by
GEOKGE I’. TTFTOIV,
(Peregrine Pickle)
Literary Editor Chicago Tribun
AUD
JAMES NV. SIIKAIIAN.
Editor of Chicago Tribune.
A book of 350 pages, illustrated by the
best artists, and will be worthy of the confi
dence of all.
Price in extra Cloth and Gilt, $2.60. Will
be sent by mail, on receipt of price.
This work can only be obtained from the publishers
or from their regularly authorized agents, as it is sold
t-x< lusively by subset iption. aud cannot be obtained
from any booksellers in the United Btates
Address UNION PUBLISHING CO
23 w 4 165 Twenty-second st., Chicago.
PIANO TUNER.
MR. ROSS
ot Mineral Point, begs to announce that he is pre
pared to
Tuno and Adjust Pianos
for parties residing io lowa. Grant and Lafayette
counties, and all other places where hie Services may
be required Will be in all the neighboiing towns
once every mouth.
We are now dealing quite extengiv.’y in all kinds of
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS’
andean supply parties with everything in the way of
instrnmeuts, fixtures, etc. Also,instruments to rent
The Old “SINGER,”
which is at the head of the sewing machine family, is
as usual sold by us. DAVIS A ROFB.
Mineral Point, October 30,1871. 22tf
AUCTION SALE
Of Horses, Cattle, Sheep,Hogs’
The undersigned will sell a* public auction at the
residence of the late Deborah Cart y. deceased. about 3
miles north of Biovinington, on the road leading from
Patch Grove to Lancaster,
On Thursday, December 14th« 1871;
BIX HEAD OF HORSES—one 8 y-ar old, 1 four yr
old. 1 three year old. 2 two year old,, 1 yearling.
22 HEAD OF CATTLE—3 cows, 2 three year old
•terrs, o two year olds. 3ye riiags 47 head of Sheep,
IS II >gs Also a double harness. Id tons of Bay. 125
bushels Potatoes, 3 stoves and many other articles
too numerous to mention.
TERMS—AII sums of $lO and under, cash: all over.
1 year's credit with approved note at 10 per cent. A
discount of per cent on cash payments.
Sale to commence at ten o‘< lock, forenoon.
JOHN RYAN.
WM. r». RYAN
2fiw'i* Administrators Estate of Cary.
Agents Wanted!
LANCASTER NURSERY
A few good men who understand fruit trees can find
profitable employment for the winter by calling upon
or addressing ns at once. W« desire Local Agents
in dillerent owns. men of known character, who will
canvass in their vicinity and seil
RELIABLE FRUIT TREES
of home growth. All are invited to inspect onr stock
of APPLE TREKS which cannot be excelled for qual
ity and well adapted variety. Nursery*-, iuWe ea«t
ot ’be court house. Lancaster. Wis.
20tf JOEL A A. W. BARBER
ALL KINDS OF LEGAL BLANKS for sale at the
.1 Ilganaofßee
Cheap Farms! Free Homes’
U-N IMF LINE or IU&
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GRANT O.F
12,000,000 ACRES!
OF THt
Bml Ftnaiot and Mineral had. in Im-rica.
3,000.00(4 Acres of Choice Farming and Grsriug
Luulx on th* Hue of the road iu the
State of Nebraska, in the Great Platte Valley.
NOW FOR PALE, lor cash or long credit
There lands are in a mild end healthy climate, and
for grai-i-growiug iiud stack-rafting, nnsiirpas-"d by
any in the United Best--.
Price* raiige from sito $lO per Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
2.300,000 Acre, of Goverumeut Laud between
Omaha ami North Platte, open tor enttv as HoMK
str.ADs OXLT.
SOLDIERS OF THE LATE JUH A’
are entitled to a
D'KlslC I Loin.-nt <>r.cl of 100 Aws
withi i Railroad limit,, equal to a
DIRECT BOUNTY OF 8400.
Send foi .he new edition of descriptive pamphlet,
with uew »pe, mailed nee everywhere.
Addr -e O. F. DAVIS,
Land C«’tmissioner U P. R. R. Co,.
Idm3 Om.hi, Nfb.
STOCK FARM FOR SALE.
The undendgued offers for ai.le his farm, 2U miles
below the village of Cassville,!u the town ol Cassville,
Grant county, Wis. The above farm consists of the
south half of section 27, town 1, range J; is well wa
tered by several largo spring, andl.iooks; 200 acres
ofit under fence, and 80 acres under cultivation; a
young, thrifty rchard of 250 tr esou the prmises; also
a young Nursey of about 75,000 young (one uud two
year i Id) trees started a comtoriabb- brick dwelling
and pledty of good outbuildings on the place. The
buildlug is beautifully situated to command a view of
the Mississippi river and the Dubuque and Minnesota
Railroad for 15 miles up aud down the river. THIS
IS THE PLACE WHERE 1 RAISED THOSE LARGE
WATERMELONS The place is utisurp issed in Giant
county for a Stock Farm. I will sell the above p'acs
either with or without Stock and Farm Implements.
Terms—One-third of the* purchase money down, the
balance on time to suit purchaser.
JOHN 11. C. BNECLODE.
Dated Cassville, January 27. 1871. 35tf
HOTEL STAND.
For Sale or Rent.
Wishing to engage iu other business, my well known
hotel stand in Montfort is offered for sale. The hotel
ia in complete repair, newly painted and well tuimat
ed. There are three acres of land, thereon a never
failing spring and two good wells also an orchard ol
60 bearing trees. One of the best tavern barns in the
country—large and convent, mljr arranged: also gra
nary and studding. This is the best country stand
for business between Madisou aud the river. I will
sell the property including thefurnlture and fixtures,
tor s3suu—halt cash, balance ou time. Possession
given April Ist, 1872. Hero is'* business ’tor any
man who wants to make a paying investment.
JOHN ST EV KN 8.
Montfort, Win., Nov. 20, 1871. 26ni4
VATnARTT?
MILL PROPERTY For Sale!
The undersigned oilers lor sale property known
■is the ’‘WELSH WOOLEN MILL,’’ situated in Little
Grant, Wu. The building ia nearly new, 2'*x6o feet,
two HtOiien high, a d well adapted for a flouring mill.
The water power ia on* of the beat in tl.w country and
never tails. Will alm sell with the mih 10 a<*res ot
good land.
Price for the whole, $3000.00.
R A WELSH.
Little Grant, Wifi, June 8. 1871. 2ui6*
STOCK and DAIRY FARM
FOR SALE,
Tn the town ot Bloomington, containing 200 >.t res, all
fenced, 10 acres of which ia Grov j timber, the balance
plow laud, meadow and panture, with several good
springs ot water. Comfortable frame dwelling there
on, also granary, e table and other outbuildings. The
placets 1f 8 miles from the village of Bloomington.
13 from Bridgeport, 11 from Glen Havon and 13 from
Lancaster.
Pi ice, sl7 per acre, half cash, balance on time to
'Hit purchaser. For fmther particulars apply to
Dan’l Biadiey on the farm, or James Ba) eutine,
Bioomingtun, Wh Sept. Id, 1871. 15m3
Timber Lot For Sale.
The subscriber offers ths timber lot for sale situate
as follows, being the West half of the Southwest quar
ter of Section six. Town five, H inge fonr 11. t-’e town
of Little Grant, Grant Co., Wis., containing eighty
acres of land, well timbered and watered. Price s'6.
per acre. Any person desiring to purchase can,call ou
I’hom.s Sloan or Alexander Paul iu Patch Grove or
address nie by letter at Watson, Del. l'o N Y.
Term, ot Sale.one third of the purchase money to
be paiden de Ivery ot the warranty deed; the balance
in two or three yearly payments on approv' d notes
with annual interest. ROBERT H- SLOAN.
Walton, K. Y., Nov. 6th, 1871. 25tf
MILL PROPERTY for Sale.
I will sell my mill site in the town of Blue River
Grant connty, on tno Fennimore fork of the Blue,
on easy terms, to any one who wishes to build a mill.
My grist mill, known as the Badger City Mills, burned
lari Spring, and I do uot feel able to rebuild. The
property comprises an 80 acre tract in section 18; 30
acres improved thereon a frame dwelling, stabling
Ac. A dam anu plenty of water will a.so sell with
the property a 4 ft. Turbine Wheel and other parts of
the machinery saved from the fire.- The millsite is
one of the best iu the country for custom or merchant
work. J. N. WALKER.
Blue River, September 20,1871. 23-I7ti
STOCKS, DAIRY FARM
FOR SALE.
The subscriber will sell hie stock farm, situated six
mil s north of the village of Lancaster and six miles
south-west of Fennimore Centre, consisting of 241
acres—sixty acres of which is timber, the balance
plow land, meadow ami pasture, with a stream of
water running through the center. Thereon a large
frame house with good cellar a large frame baru with
underground stable; also a spring bouse Good school
near by and excellent neighborhood Price, $25 per
acre. DANIEL PROUDFIT.
Lancaster, April 19,1870.
Farm for Sale.
1 offer for sale my farm of 150 acres, situated in the
town of Waterloo, 3 miles from Beetown on the Cass
ville road; sti acres under cultivation plenty oftim
her and bottom land: watered by three springs
The farm i„ I, nuetdi d for stock raising, and is sit
uated within 2 miles oi two grist mills. Is also good
mineral bearing A house, ng stable aiul outhouses
thereon. Terms reasonable.
Mrs. MARGARET MCDONALD.
Water 00, Nor. 6, 1871. 23m4
of IjAn.d
IUV FOR SAIuE.
The following described lauds are offered for wale
SW of i»cJ4 of "W/4’ XIW/4 of '4, 4of nw\
—all in section 32, town b, rsnge 4 situated one mile
from the village of Mt. Hope, Grant connty. Wis. A
snip.ll house thereon: 15 acres under cultivation;
several £ood springs aud a guod water power tor n
mill Also, 10 acres timber in the town of Millville.
For particulars, app y to THKODoRE TAYLOR.
Mount Hope, \Vis.
April 28th, 1871. 48tf
HOUSE AND LOT
For Sale or Rent.
I have for sale a house and lot in the village of Lan
caster, situated near the Woolen Mills. A good com
fortable frame house, containing three rooms, and
well adapted to the wants of a small family. For
particulars inquire of John P. L'-aia, Lancaster
F. B. QUINBY.
November 26.1871. 26ml
160 Acre Farm for Sale!
The undersigned will sell the property known as
“part of the Burnett Farm,” situated within half a
mile of the village of Mount Hope There are acres
under cultivation—new ground and wi.il fenced Half
the ba'ance is heavy limber: the remainder sood till
able land Convenient to a good school. Good spring
on the premises. For terms apply to the undersigned
two miles east of the village ot Mount Hope.
October 2,4*71. Jlttf M. McNAMEK
VILLAGE PROPERTY
For Salo CHEAP 1
I ofi'-r for sale my place in the village of Lancaster,
cnneia’itig of 12 lots, with a dwelling house, barn and
orchard thereon. Will sell the whole together or iu
parcels to suit purchasers. Enquire on the premises
or at th" nrrald offke MARGARET TILL.
Lancaster, Nov 6, 1871. 23tf
LAN’ 5 FOR SALE
IN PARCELS.
The Lands of Joseph Horner—about 6uo acre, are
for sale Apply to J. Allen Harber, his Attorney, Lan
c uter, Wit. .xnf
A tract of valuab’c TIMBER LAND in the town of
Pan* Apply to the nndcr-dgocd in the ▼iHsga us
Hasel Green Mm. B REIE6TECK.
Heptember 26* 1871. 23-17tf
GEORGE T. WALKER,
General kent for Cri»t. liw* 4 LaFavette Counties fur
HOWE SEWING MACHINE,
Steinway, Chickeriag, Orovestein, Faller A Co’s
PIANOS. PRINCE’S ORGANS AND MELODEONS
22-30 Lancaster, Wisconsin.
AUGUST MICHAELIS,
Teacher of
MUSIC AND GERMAN.
RESIDENCE, corner of Maple and Jefferson its
a-2itf
DENTAL.
DR. F. F. COOMES
Can be found at his office from benre® A M
till sp. m All thoee wbede®ire the aid of adenbit
pieue call. Office rer Sawyer A Faw'i drug
Rceoobel.
FEARFUL ACCIDENT!
On the Eastern Railroads, owing to the
Overloading of Trains with Goods for
PARKER 4 HILDEBRAND
VA HICH A.KK NOW TJAIIsY ARRIVING.
The Largest Stock of Fall and Winter Goods
EVER BROUGHT 1 TO GRANT COUNTY!
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
Fancy Dress Goods, Silks, Poplins, Mohairs, Alpaccas.
IMiKE STOW OF FUME AW Will GOODS.
ACS-FIN'l'S KOK rills SA.UM Ob’ IajkMCJkSTICR GOODS.
MAMMOTH STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES.
_Full line of Brad.ey Metcalf Custom Work. HATS, CAI'S and CrccKery ware.—
Celling GROCERIES FEARFULLY LOW Good Gunpowder Tea $1 per pound. A
Dollar «aved i< a Dollar made Don’t buy till you have called Off
PARKER HILDEBRAND.
BoxcvHKi, ih-ptt-mbur 11. i M "I.
GUBTAV MRYKB. KDWARD MF.YRR
MEYER BROS.,
BOM OBIX.
WINTER TRADE
A Beautiful Line
WOOS no IDDIAS.
FURS!
MINK,
CONEY,
&C.
LADIES KIDS!
AU Colors
GMEISTT’S
GLOVES!!
Kid,
Dogskin,
Buck.
Ladies’ and Gent’s
RUBBER GOODS!
Artics,
Warm Overs,
&c. &c.
Ladies’ and Gent’s
UNDERWEAR
8 H A W L 8
"SPECIALITY."
NOVEMBER
\NI>
DECEMBER.
BOSCOBEL. November 13,1871. 40t f
W. B. BAXTER, d..
PURE
DRUGS,
Standard Chemicals, I
Pain tn, Oil*, Glmmh, f
Tobaccos
6OAPB. I
PRESCRIPTIONS
Carefully Compounded.
Lancaster, January 1, 1871. 22-30tf
W anted— Agents
For our Beautiful and Striking Noveltv,
THE PICTORIAL
FAMILY REGISTER
Will sell at eight in almost any family. Combines an
entirely n;-w and slegant Photograph Albiitr -*i!h a
complete Family History. S'ld b> subscription ex
clusively. Four different styles and prices, but can
not be described In an advertisement. Send forcircn
Isrs Address, E. ItANNIFORD 4 CO, Publishers,
218 VV. Madison street, Chicago, 111. 24w3
CABINET I WOOD-WORKSHOP
At JAMESTOWN, Wis.
IJ L’l) 1 I DI VP done on short notice
IK jlil 1 I V 1 kl V X and in a neat manner
11RADY-MADK
CODDIIVS
of all kind* and •ire* on hand and trimmed to ordej
I also hare a good HEARSE which will lx* furnish
ed when deaired FRANKLIN LYSTKR.
Jacneetown, November 11,1571. 24m6
LITTLE GRANT
SORGHUM WORKS!
I am pleasd to inform my old customers and the
public generally that my Sorghum Works are now
running. I expect to be able to sell good
SORGHUM SYRUP
to all who may call on me during the next sixty days
cheap for cash or on time. All persons who bought
nip of me one year ago and agreed to return the
ket-e and barrels, are requested to return them fm
mediately, as I mu«t hive them. J, B. CHUJICIL
Littl e tirsnt,Sept 14. 1871. T6t
FOR. SALE—Tweity Acres of Tim
ber land situated two miles north of
village of Lancaster. Apply to E.
R. Ti el. Herald office. 23
ANTON SCHMITT
T TUR
OLD SM OF liun BOW
Lancaster, Wis.
HAVING purchased the entire atoek of Good" ol
Mourn Ryland A Holloway, I will continue the
busiuem of
General Merchandising
a fth« oil ntaii'l. Knowing the want* of old custo
mer* I will be prepared to eupply them, and hope by
fair dealing and utrict attention to the demand* of
tlie trade to merit their continued patronage All
are aware of the
CHOICE QUALITY
of GOODS purchaaed, and specially In the Drv Gouda
and Drew- Good* department,. Having bought at
Low Figures!
I am able to Nell at BARUAISiR I.OIVKR than
ever before offered In thia vicinity.
DBY G-OCXDS!
I DRESS GOODS,
lIATS A CAPS,
HOOTS A SHORS.
NOTIONS, Ac
i I will keep ou hand all kind* of
FRESH GROCERIES!
Uff.Call and examine good, and price,. Forme:..,
bring along your PRODUCK of all kiuda to exchange
for good*. ANTON SCHMITT,
Siiccoseor to Ryland a Holloway.
February 28,1871. 2”-B»tf
Great Western
OYSTER DEPOT!
i Ah the OYSTER SEASON I. about to commence
i I would direct the attention of my old raatomera,
and ae may u< w one, a, I can get, to my latclv tilted
i up room where they cun enjoy a plate of Oyttor, Iu
j peace. Also
01 STERN hy the Cun or Dozen of Cann.
j Evening Parties tiipplied by me a, cheap a, from city.
Confectionery I
All eiidl.HH variety of FRENCH CRKAMP. the beet
over brought to thia market.
Nuts, Raisins, Figs, Dates!
All kinds of CRACKERS, ttrat claaa CHEESE
and BA USAGE.
CIGARS,
Siuukins and Chewing 'robnoco
*#-Letnon, and Apple, alwaya on hand."kff
N. B.—l will aupply those “French Gentlemen'’
who have not got the cash for oy«ter», witli "Blind
Robin,” or usher them into my well-,1 m ked cellar
wilh potato",. JOHN BIEG.
Laucastei, October 3d, 1871. 18tf
PATCH GROVE ACADEMY.
The winter trrnuof thia institution will commence
Tuesday, Dec. sth,aud continue 16 weeks.
RATES OF TUITION
Common English Branches, Mcta.psr week
Higher 75
Good board can be obtained at $2.50 to $3.00 per
week
Pnpilfi wishing to board themsulvwH cen obtain
rooms for that purponog
For further iuformation inquire of
-»'f C. R. NEWCOMB, 7Vi>tc»>l.
O V K R O O A 8
STRAY NOTICES.
Itt VY BT4CKR .—Taken npby the subscriber re
0 siding o ’ion 31, town 4, range 4, Beetowu
on or about No mber 21st, 1871, one red and white
yearling past steer, piece ot! right ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pay charges and take
said stray away. G. B. BLACK BOURN.
Beetown, November 25,1871 211 w4*
eTRAY lIKIFER ANO BTKKR.-Takeu np by
lhe subs Tiber ou land s owned by him in Mount
Hope, on or about Nov. 15th 1871, one light red 2
year old heifer with white on end of tail horns turned
in also a red yearling steer, white ou end of tail—no
marks.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges aud take said stray away.
DAVID TAYLOR.
Mt. Hope, Nov 18th 1871. 26«4*
OTRAY HULL.—Taken up by the subscriber ou
0 lands owned by him on ot abont the 10th day ol
November 1871 in the town of Bloomington, Grant
County, Wisconsin section fourteen, town 4 N range
live west one bull one year old past, color mostly red.
white in the face, round hole in right ear, and piece
out qf tli« top of the left ear. The owner ig request
ed to prove property, pay charges ami take said stray
•w»y- DANIEL TRANEH.
Blooinl-gton Wls. Nov. loth 1871 2bw4*
OTHAY COW —Strayed from Fennimore Center
0 August 8, 1871,0ne ind cow, dark red face with
white in forehead, some white under the belly, white
spot on each hind foot, slim built,about 9 years old,
and has a gimlet hole in one born. She was seen at
the head ot Crooked Creek The finder will te- suit
ably rewarded. 25w4 A. GOVIKB
STRAY COLT and HEIFER Taken up by the
subscriber residing in the town of Cassville, on
lauds owned and occupied by him in Section 10, Town
3, Range 5, n said town, on or about the 6th day <4
November, 1871, one Bay Mure Colt four years old.—
Also one two year old Heifer, color red with a little
white on the head and under the belts.
ANTON WOOFENDORF, Jr.
Cassville, November 11, 4871. 25w4
STRAY CATTLE.-Taken up by the subs.riber
on lands owned by him in section 1, town 1. range
1, west, town of Hazel Green, on tue 30th day of
October, 1871, one white cow, about 4 years old with
a lump on left side ot face, no maiks or biands; also
one brown cow about 4 years old. with white on
belly, rump and is forehead—no marks or brands.
The owner is requested to prowe property, pay charges
and take said strsys away. ANDREW DOYLM.
Hazel Green, October 30, 1871. 24w4»
HEIFER,—Taken up by the subrcrlter
0 ou lauds owned by him one mile east of latu
car ier, on or about September Ist, 1871, a small sized
red yearling heller.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. 8. H. EARNS .YOUTH.
Lancaster, November 11, 1871. 24w4*
QTRAY 111 LL.—Taken up by the snbs-.riber in
0 the town of Beetown. ou or about the 15tb es
September, 1871, one red and white bull, 2 years old.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said stray away. WM FIIINNKy:
Iti-etown. December 2d, 1871. 2J*i
CTH IY MkltK.—Taken up by the subscriber on
0 lands owned bv him on section eight, town one,
range 2, Jamestown, on or about November 28th, 1871,
one dark bay mare, about 4 years old.star in forehead,
black legs. Said mare came to my place abont the Ist
of October last.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said stray away.
MICHAEL RICHARDS.
Jamestown November 28, 1871. 27w5*
QTRAY I4ORRK.—Taken np by the subscriber on
0 lands owned by him on section 25, town 6, range
6, Rix miles east of Patch Grove, on or about Novem
ber 28, 1871 one cream colorod horse, supposed to be
2 years old past, with black mine and tail, lump and
scar on left side.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away, J. J. LAMBERT.
27w4
CIKAI 4'ALV K 44 Taken up by the subscriber
0 residing o i section 13, town 4, range 5, Beetowu.
on the 23d day of November, 1371, three steer calves—
one red, one spotted and one light red; two have slits
in left oar, the other a slit in right ear. Theo wear
is requested toprove property, pey (barges and tab*
said strays away, SAMUEL DICKSON.
Beetuwn, December 2, 1871. 27w4*
QTBAY HEIFKIt.-Taken up by the subscriber
0 on laud owned by him on section 18, in the towu
Waterloo, November 10th, 1871, one black and white
year.ing heifer with a slit In left ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pay charges and take
stray away. MICHAEL E&8BK
Waterloo, November 27,1871. 22w4»
OTRAY HEIFER.—Taken up by the subscriber ou
0 lands owned by him about 2 miles south of Bloom
iugtou. on or about ths Ist of November, 1871, a two
year >dd heifer, dark red mjth bush of tall whits ana
some white in flank. The owner is requested to prove
property pay charges and take said stray away.
JACOB BCHREINKI:.
Bloomington, December 4,1871. 27w4*
STRAY BTKF.R.—Taken np by the snbecriber on
lands owned by him in section 3tt. town 6, range
1, towu of Wlugville, on or about November 30, 1811,
one light red steer, abont 1 year old; no mark*. The
owner it requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. HARVEY DUNN.
Wingvllle, Novvinlwr IM, 1871. X7w4*