NASHVILLE W$10 Ani$p gVffpEfc 33, 1871
litemmmlltSU RANCE.-
Insurance Co.
Of Nashville,
OffiO'-NORlCOiiEEGE- ST.
fTHJEio mJW
-tj6irir LUJISDEH, Preiident
0. P. TnBUSTOX, Vice Prest.
D. R- JpHSSoy, Secretary.
INSURANCE.
Nashville Commercial
!NSURANCE COMPANY.
BatalallalLod. izx 1834.
Office; No? 39 Xoriu College Street,
NAS1IVJXI.E, TENN.
CASH CAPITAIi, $100,000.
Tnkn Fire, Blver nnd Marle RlsUs ot
TalrRntes; Writer Carefully,
Adjust Fairly, Pays
Promptly.
DIH.BOTORS:
K. a McNAIRY, B. II. GARDNER,
lOHN-TURKMAN, M. BURNS,
-ErHIIlLMAN, .1. EWIN,
W. H. EVANS, U H. LANIER,
JAMES WOODS, G.W.CUNNINGHAM,
S. N. MACEY.
R. C. McNAIRY, E. I. HICKS,
President. Secretary.
marl ly?l
CARPETS, p!LCL0THS13ETC.
TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
20,000 Worth of Carpets at Cost.
r.nnr Tcnw TTKTIT. NEXT CHRISTMAS,
H we will sell (FOR CASH) our entlro Stock of
Carpets, Oilcloths. Matting, Damass auu uwc
Curtains, AT COST. Many of these goods were
tought before the recent advance, and will he
hold for less than New York wholesale prices.
tv c. roanAMrniir inrli r.vervbodv needing any-
thlne In the Carpet Line to call and examine our
fctocK antl prices uuriug me hca. ewj
XV. A. Ill.NKOX fc CO.,
No. 50 College Street.
NashTUle, Oct. 26, 1SJ1. ocMi lmspmip
WINDOW SHADES, ETC.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
L.R FREEMAN,
No. 9 North Colics Street,
A TEWDOORS ABOTECHCKCH.TWO STOUT MUCK,
Invites especial attention to his
Large and Elegant Assortment
OF
WIDOW SHADES AND CORNICE,
PORTRAIT A5D PICTURE FRAMES,
MANTLE PIER MIRRORS,
Also, his UNUSUALLY ATTRACTIVE col-
iCCllUU VI uuo
Plain and Colored Lithographs,
ENGRAVINGS, ETC,
AT FIGURES WHICH DEFY COM
PETITION.
Call and Examine. Orders Solicited.
oc243mpUhp
RAILROAD WE TABLE.
Tennessee and rnclflc Railroad.
1 wo Dally Trains (Sunday excepicu.;
No. 1 Leaves Nashville at.. ...4:00 v. M.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .6:00 r. M.
Leaves Lebanon at .7:00 A. M.
Arrives at Nashville at8:45 A. y.
No. 2 Leaves Lebanon at. 4:00 r. M.
Arrives at Nashville at..6:30 r. M.
leaves Na'hville at 7:00 A. M.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .9:00 a. m.
Nashville and Decatur Railroad.
GOlNHlSOUTH-Na.vhvilleandDecaturtrams
leave nation on South Cherry street at 0:30 A. St.
and 7:00 r. X. No train Sunday morning.
Accommodation at 3:30 p. M., (goes to Colum
,ia.) Trains arrive at 4:30 A. M. and 6 M r. M.
Accommodation at 3:50 A. m.
iMnisvllIe and Nashville Railroad.
Leave Station on North College street, at S:40
A. M., and 2:30 r. M.
Arrives at 8:15 A. M. and 4:50 r. M.
The 2:30 M. train docs not stop at any point
between Nashville and Gallatin, except Kdge
neld Junction, and does not run on Sunday.
Gallntin Accommodation, Mally-
Leaves Nashville 30 r. M.
Arrives at G allatln V, i
ttlgcllclil and Kentucky Railroad.
1 "rains on the Edgelicld and Kentucky lilroad
will run as follows
Mail leaves Nashville V? A-
Express leaves Nashville 150 r. M.
Mali arrives 6: JO V. M.
8:50A. M
St. Imis. MciiinhN, Nnshvllle
and
Ciiatuwioopn wrein v
Throujrli Line.
Chattanooga train leaves. 8:45 A. M. and 7:00 r. M.
arrives.2:15r. M. and 3:15 A. x.
Meraplas train leaves. .3:20 A. M. and 8:00 A. M.
ip arrives. ...8.00 a. m. and 5:15 P. u.
Kt.-'Txiuis train leaves.... 3:20 A. w. and 2:30 p. M.
i arrives. ..8:00 a. M. and 5:15 P.M.
Slielbyville train leaves. .30 r. M.
ii arrivcs.lO:00 A. M.
Tlie 8:45 A. sr. and 230 r. M. trains do not run
on Sundavs.
The 3:20" a. M. and 7:00 r. M. trains run dailv.
Louisville and Cincinnati Shor IJne
Railroad.
Train leave and arrive at Louisville as follows
LEAVE.
L. C. L.J auction.
Cincinnati Mail,
Sundav
Southern fast Linr
Sundav
C:00 A. M.
except
3:25 r. M.
xcept
0:15 A. M.
daily. 3:55 P. J.
C:40 r. M.
12:10 P. M.
Cincinnati Express.
;iclnnatl Niirht Express,
except Sunday 10:45 r. M.
Lexington Mail, except
Sundav 6:05 A. M.
5:25 A. K.
C:40 P. M.
Islington Express, except
Sunday.......... 330 r. m. 11:10 r. m.
IaGrangeiAccommodation,
except Sunday 5:03 r. M.
8:05 A. M.
New Advertisements.
After an absence of ten years, the pro
prietors of the Etna Coal 3ilines have en
tered the Nashville market again. In their
advertisement this morning they claim
many jxiints of superiority for theii coal,
which they agree to deliver in any part of
the city for $3.00 jxir load of 17 bushels of
screened coal. The Etna coal was largely
consumed here before the war.
Messrs. Noel it Tlatcr, of the Jackson
Mills, have taken the large warehouse on
Market street, formerly occupied by Mas
sengale Co., where they will keep con
stantly on hand choice family flour, medi
um grades, shorts, meal, bran, etc. They
also sell on commission wheat, corn, oats,
lieannts, fruits, etc., and will give liberal
advancements on consignments.
Ycatman, Shields Co. sell at auction
tliis morning a large stock of boots, shoes,
hats, clothing, cutler', seasonable dry
goods in immense variety, thus affording
the retail trade an excellent opportunity to
replenish their stocks.
Barnes, Spitz Co. will this morning, at
their store in the Scwanee Block, College
arect, make sale at motion of a large stock
d' boots, shoes, hosiery, notions, toys, etc
An admirable chance to get goods at your
own price.
Mr. L. 1'. Reeves, of ht. Louis, will de
liver at the Capitol to-morrow (Friday)
night a lecture on the proposed removal of
the Federal Government to St. Louis. The
Legislature aid citizens are generally re
xcctfiuiy invited m attend.
Go to John Gilgan i Co.Vs htorc on the
Square and take a look at their seemingly
end'.csj stock of blankets, shawls, and then
vase to mourn that winter approaches.
John Ramage Son, 48 College street,
are prepared to supply all demands for the
very best grades of "custom work" in the
way of boots and shoes. They make a
point to give no room for complaint either
as to quality or price.
tj. M. Scott, Esq., trustee for the late firm
of,R. T. Kirkpatrick Co.jnakcs a notifi
cation of iniiwrtanco to the debtors ad
creditors of that firm.
Sec advertisement made by W. R. Ross,
Clerk and Master of the Weakley county
Chancer- Court.
For United States 0-20 bonds of 1862,
called In by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Third "National Bank is paying gold.
The Ikeedman's Savings and Trust Com
pany, will to-morrow remove to their new
building on Cedar street.
A public meeting will be held in the new
Liliert Hail to-morrow night.
Coram IwrfoHer of .Beed&w"
Chas. J. G. Hall of New York dtv. was
Yesterday commissioned Commissioner of
Deeds for Tennessee by Gov. Brown.
YrelRht Items.
Eighty-four car loads of freight "were
shipped South over the Nashville and'Cbat
tonooga Railroad yesterday.
Now Magistrate.
A commission for Magistrate was yester
day issued by Gov. Brown to John W.
Green for the 4tb civil district oi aamner
county.
Branching Oat.
The Southern Atlantic and Pacific Tele
graph Company have opened an office in
the Maxwell House building, next door to
the transfer office, on Church street.
Death of Judge Cowlos.
Hon. ncnrvW.Cowles, Judge of the Dis
trict Court for the District of Macon, Ga.,
died of pulmonary consumption at that
place on Friday last.
Preparing for the Holidays.
Our confectionery and toy and fancy
stores are beginning to wear a holiday at
tire, and the windows and show cases al
ready present an attractive appearance.
Arrival or Bridal Parties.
Two bridal parties arrived at the Com
mercial Hotel last evening S. B. Fields,
Jr., and bride, of Bedford county, and Capt.
TV. P. iovejoy, of Georgia, and bride, late
of Cheatham, county, Tenn.
Ready for Roofing.
The rebuilding of the Edgefield Bucket
Factory is progressing rapidly, and the es
tablishment is so far completed as to be
ready for the roof. It is to be only one
story high, and thus all the work will be
done on the same floor.
The City Council To-Night.
The Common Council holds Its stated
meeting to-night, and the Board of Alder
men meets on adjournment. It is probable
that a convention of the two Boards will be
held for the election of a City Attorney and
three members of the Board of Education.
The Talnc of Official Worth.
In a brief paragraph the Memphis Appeal
makes a suggestive inquiry. It says:
"Nashville re-elected Mayor Morris because
of his fidelity to the trusts reposed in him.
Louisville will re-elect her Mayor for the
same reason. Will Memphis profit by so
good an example?"
TnrnplUo Commissioners.
Yesterday Gov. Brown appointed the
following gentlemen commissioners of the
Nashyille, Murfrecsbrro and Slielbyville
Turnpike Company: M. L. Fletcher, Ruth
erford county; B. F. Ransom, Bedford
county, and H. Townes, of Davidson
county.
United States Internal Rcvcnua.
The sum of $8,204.40 was received by
the United States Internal Revenue office
yesterday. Of the above amount $4,732.50
was paid by Chas. Nelsou of this city, on
9,400 gallons of whisky, and S3.0S0 by
Wiley Howard, of Robertson county, on
0,172 gallons of distilled liquor.
A Big Snako Killed.
J. A. McCimly of DeKalb county, Ala.,
writes us, that a rattlesnake, nine feet long
and measuring twenty inches in circum
ference, with eight rattles, was recently
killed in that neighborhood by Mr. John
Soutberland. It fa said to be the largest
snake ever seen in those parts.
OIT for Knoxville.
The Legislative Committee to visit the
Tennessee Agricultural College atKnoxville,
left on last evening's train, and expect to
return by Monday, provided they are not
captured by East Tennessee beauty, no
resolution laving been offered providing
against the same.
A Surprise.
Our worthy fellow-citizen, M. C. Cotton,
was taken by storm last night, and was
compelled to submit to the terms of capitu
lation proposed by the many bright eyes
and young gallants of South Nashville. The
attacking party entered the citadel with
colors flying, and a band of music kept
things lively for the balance of the night.
It was the first storm party of the season,
and right merrily did the occasion pass ofT.
Warning to House Painters.
Painters who work upon scafiblds sus
pended from the roof by ropes, should be
careful to examine into the condition of the
tackle used. Dry-rot will render cordage
as unstable as a "rope of sand,'' and yet
show no outward sign of decay. Only the
other day, in New Orleans, two painters
were maimed for life by a "deadfall" in
the shape of a scaffold slung on rotten
ropes.
Pasting and Prayer.
The Baptists of this city and Edgefield
observed yesterday as a day of fasting,
humiliation and prayer, for the outpouring
of the Holy Spirit upon the unconverted,
and especially upon those who have been
attending the preaching of the Rev. Mr.
Earle. There were morning and afternoon
services at the First Baptist Church, and at
the Masonic Hall last night. Quite a num
ber of Christians, of other denominations,
observed the fast day.
Freedman'j Savings Bank.
This institution will be removed to their
new building, on the south side of Cedar
street, between Cherry and Summer, on
Friday of this week. This building is one
of the handsomest tliat has been erected in
the city during the past year, and reflects
credit and enterprise on the part of the pro
jectors. This institution pays interest on
all deposits over five dollars at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, and offers this and
other benefits to those of our colored peo
ple who would save their money.
t'amritirlniifl and Ohio Railroad.
In reference to a proposition that has
been made for the building of that portion
of the Cumberland and Ohio Railroad from
the Tennessee State line to Chattanooga,
John C. Broadhead, Esq., publishes a card'
in the Louisville papers stating that he has
a proposal from responsible parties for the
gradation and masonry of that portion of
tho road, in which they propose to take as
part payment all county bonds that may be
voted in aid of the road in Tennessee at
pai. They also propose to take a certain
amount of the capital stock in the road,
the balance in current funds.
Pardoned by the Governor.
Douglas Ewing, a colored individual, con
victed at the last term of the Criminal
Court of petty larceny, and sentenced to
the county jail for sixty days, was yesterday
pardoned by Gov. Brown, and released
from imprisonment, ne appeared very
grateful for this act of Executive clemency,
and very glad to get out, remarking that it
would bo very late liefore he got in again.
In order that he might the more steadily
maintain his good resolve, the pardoned
man requested his attorney and the jailor to
pray for him, and they kindly assured him
that they would do so very frequently.
Personal.
We had the pleasure of a visit yesterday
from Martin V. Calvin, a well known
Georgia newspaper man, and special travel
ing conespohdent of the Augusta Chronicle
and Sentinel, and the Atlanta Constitution.
He is at present tlie general agent for the
publications of J. U. Lippincott fc Co.,
Philadelphia.
Father Tracey, of Huntsvilie, CoJ. A. S.
Bayless, of Springfield, and M. W. Erwin,
of the Battle Creek Mines, arrived yesterday
at the Commercial notch
IVof. H. E. Brown, formerly of the North
Carolina University, but now of Georgia,
was at the iiattle llou&a yesterday.
For KccitingZa Gaming House,
N. E. Bailey, proprietor of a Cherry
sti-eet gambling establishment, in which, it
is alleged, some ratlier rapid financial trans
actions luuc lately occurred, was ancsted
by the police last Tuesdav niahL and rave
security for his appearance before the Re-
r Uie request of the accused, tho
""i u"ree against him keeping a
gainuiing uousc was deferred until to-dav.
in order tliat the attendance of witnesses
ior tue ueiense might be secured. Mr,
Bailey was also arrested on a State mt'
the merits of which will to-day be examined
by J ustices Casset ty and Everett. It seems
that gambling at this point has lately got to
btf a troublesome and somewhat hazardous
luxury.
-The Edgefield Concert.
The concert and tableaux foz the benefit
of Cherokee Tribe No. 21, Improved Order
of Red Men, at McClure'sHall in Edgefield,
last night, was well attended, and a pleasant
evening enjoyed by the citizens of our neigb
boring city. The programme, consisting of
negro minstrels, tableaux and charades, was
well arranged and right well executed, by
the amateurs engaged. Comic wit, beauty,
grace and womanly loveliness were the chief
characteristics of the evening's attractions,
the happy display of which, in a manner
unique and delightful, will be long remem
bered, as it was trulv appreciated by those
present. In accordance with the wish of
many who attended, there will bo given for
tho same purpose a grand ball, this evening,
at McClure's Hall, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Admission for lady and gentleman, $1. No
tickets are sold, but the money paid in at
the door.
Jfontc-Ilank Calamities.
Trom the Memphis Appeal we learn that
Daniel Scribner, a very respectable looking
young man, has got into trouble there by in
dulging a penchant for theee-card inonte.
The Appeal remarks: "Mr. Scribner hails
from Nashville, and says he lias had a little
experience in the gambling line. A coun
tryman, who docs not wish his name to be
known complained of having lost seven
hundred dollars Friday night, and accused
Dan. of being a party to the transaction.
The Recorder fined him fifty dollars for be
ing a vag., and sent him to jail in default of
hve hundred dollars lor cheating." Uur
Memphis cotem. is cither misinformed as
to the name of the individual or his former
place of residence. Three card monte is
unknown in Nashville, and the name of
Scribner does not occur in our city directo
ry. t m t
Ilorso News.
As to the probability of there being an
international race here next season between
Harry Bassett and the English horse Ster
ling, Col. McDaniels, owner of Bassett, says
that an international race will undoubtedly
take place on this course, but that Sterling
would not be the horse named by the .ng-
lish parties. Negotiations are now being
made between the different parties, and it
is probable that the arrangements for this
race will be closed in a short time.
Harry Bassett, the horse that is to take
part in the race, came near meeting with
Ids death a few days since on the Baltimore
and Wilmington railroad, but escaped with
a few trivial Onuses.
W. F. Babcock, of New York, arrived
in Louisville on Monday evening last, with
a lot of his celebrated horses, including the
the famous Helmbold tliat beat Longtellow;
Gibraltar, Conductor, Nellie Ransom, and
a splendid looking two-year eld filly, full
sister to Nellie Ransom. Although he. had
been eight days on the journey, his horses
were in fine condition, ne left Tuesday
tor New Orleans.
Nashville Opera House.
"Huy Ulas" was presented last night in a
brilliant and fascinating manner. Mr. C.
Harry Franck improves each evening, and
last night had more enthused force in his
artistic demeanor than on any previous oc
casion. Jure, urey retained her impressive
style ol interesting dignity, while .Mrs,
Davidson was excellent as ever in the cha
racter of an artless beinc of the soft sex,
and readily makes us believe women are
such silly creatures," while Brydon, the de
termined man, comically illustrates his
opinion that Heaven makes men but the
devil makes the women."
To-night there will be a benefit for the
house, anu to-morrow night nr. w t
Tutk takes a benctit. we hope to see a
crowded house, not only for the attractive
merits of the play, the Streets of New
York, to be presented, but also as a token
of a generous public appreciation of the
commendable efforts of Mr. Turk in reno-
vatiiiK and placing the Theatre building in
order. Much money lias been expended by
him in this. enterprise, which should be
supported by our citizens.
United States Government Claims,
Col. Isaac E. Stevens, Quartermaster's
Agent for the investigation of claims for
quartermasters' stores taken by the Federal
Army during the late Rebellion, has the
following claims in his ixMsessioirfor inves
tigation for stores taken from citizens of
Tennessee, viz.:
if r i. -v....aM T 1
usijijuiiuiAincnHiui uat iiuuii ii
ty, Tenn., amount of claim 82,512 00
Aarou Owen (colored) Davidson county,
Tenn., amount of claim 420 00
T. C. Belcher. Eso.. Wilson county.
Tenn., amount of claim 29000
Stephen Pledeer, DeKalb co., amount
of claim 2.150 00
John F. Anderson, Franklin county.
amount of claim 2,391 40
Mrs. baran .Moore, (late Campbell,) now
or metropolis, aiassac co., ins., ior
stores taken in Stewart co.. Tenn.. and
Livingston co., Ky., amount of claim. 4.G10 00
Jacob i Crist, residence Hamilton co.,
Ohio; property taken in Humphreys
CO., (standing wood and timber) am't
of claim 2,410 50
ueorge Jieasiev, aveite county,
Tenn.. amount of "claim 1.102 00
William E. Slillcr.Shelby county, Tenn.,
amount ot claim i,uto uu
R. D. Goodyear, Shelby county, Tenn.,
amount of claim 105 00
Citizens of Davidson county and vicin
ity, being in possession of any information
tending to lead to an honorable settlement
of any of the above claims, are respectfully
invited to communicate the same to Col. J
E. Stevens at the Commercial Hotel.
Ferocious Assault upon n Child.
For some days past two little Italian boys,
who have lately arrived here, have been
making music about the streets and saloons
of the city, with harp and violin. While
these children, one apparently 12 and the
other 7 years old, were yesterday afternoon
on North Summer street near Line, they
were accosted by a brutal negro named Dick
Hadley, who asked tliem in a very rude
manner to play a tune. The youngest boy
replied that thev would lor a dune, ihis
greatly incensed Hadley, who violently as
saulted tlie youngest child, knocking down
and kicking him about the head and neck.
The screams of tho terrified children at
tracted to the spot a number of citizens,
who instantly seized the desperate monster
Hadley aud conveyed him to police head
quarters. He was at hrst disposed to
resist, saying that no man not an
officer could arrest him, but finally
vielded upn being quietly assured that
there was no other alternative. He was
sent to the workhoi-.se, and will probably
to-dav be arraigned on tlie charge of at
tempting to commit murder. Tlie wound'
ed child was promptly cared for, being con
veyed to a physician's office for surgical at
tention. The worst hurt was a deep gash
in the neck, which bled profusely, supjiosed
to have been made by the metal toe or heel
of the Hegro'sboot. Tlie unfortunate little
boy was suffering considerably at 9 o'clock
last night, but the physician does not think
tho injuries serious enough to endanger
life.
r
More Pickpockets.
All elderly gentleman with hi? wife, en
route for Chicago, rrived in this city on the
4:"J0 a. in. train from Chattanooga, yester
day, and as the train entered the depot was
informed by three gentlemen on the train
that he had to change cars. Followed by
the three men, he stepped out on the coach
platform, and one of them knocked his hat
oil' accidentally on the platform, aud as he
stepped off the car to pick it up, another of
the three men did it for him, and placed it
on his head, with an apology or two. Du
ring this time some one of the
three apparently awkward vet seemingly
polite trio, jerked the old man's pocket-book I
out of his pocket contaiuing $40, and two i
through tickets via Louisville for Chicago.
The three immediately passed through the
coach in which they hail been sitting and
entered the second-class car. Tlie old gen
tleman, who is a preacher, then became
aware of his loss and made the statement
to Mr. J. II. Morgan, a carpenter at the
Nashville and Chattanooga depot, who saw
the proceedings, but thought they were i
assisting him to get off the tram. Mr. Morgan
immediately informed officer Martin Ker
rigan of the old genllenun',3 com
plaint and in company with Kerrij
gan went into the car where he
pointed out the three men sitting on one
seat, with a sliawl wrapped around theni.
When they entered one of the three men
remarked that a pocket liad been picked ou
the train. Officer Kerrigan examined onp
of the party, who had a waist-belt full of
coin around him. The old gentleman by
this time had disappeared, and of course the
men were released, and suffered to depart
on the Northwestern train. The old gentle
man and his wife, it was afterwards ascer
tained, remained at the Louisville depot
uutil the 5 o'clock p. m. train, having ap
plied in tho meantime for transportation to
Superintendent Thomas. Mr. Morgan
thinks there were live in tlie party, two of
whom were well-dressed, and laying a
gentocl appearanca-
Howely-r-rifeC-
Under this heading the New York Turf.
Field add Farm, thus refers to the speech
recently delivered by Col. Klllebrew at
Jackson:
Col. J. B. Klllebrew, the Agricultural edi-
torof the Nashville Union and American,
recently delivered an address before the
West Tennessee Agricultural and Mechani
cal Association Fair, ana in this address the
Colonel presented to the consideration of
his audience some homely truths. He com
menced by pointing out to them tho extent
to which the Indus trial interests ot the&tate
are depressed. The lands, since the war.are
decreasing in value, and once beautiful
homes are growing dilapidated. In conse
quence of this there is an exodns of the
best young men of the State. The depres- fif
sion, he argued, is not from the want of in
telligencc among farmers and mechanics,nor
is it the result of a want of natural advan
tages. The people have failed to appreci
ate the true lesson of the war. There is
too much showy parade in living. There
must be more economy practiced, hands
strong enough for labor must not refuse to
work, and those farms which are too large
for cultivation should be divided.
The Colonel speaks words of wisdom.
Tennessee has great natural advantage;.
She has some of the fairest valleys and sonic
of the richest uplands In the world. Withi.n
her lines repose the elements of greatness.
There is scarcely any limit to the variety of
her fruits and agricultural products; and
her vast mineral beds are inexhaustible.
But of what moment are all these, If the
people do not work together and take ad
vantage of them? Plainly, it is the pedicy
of the State to divide the great tracts of
land into small farms, and thus encourage
immigration; also to give earnest attention
to the manufacturing interest.
I he langour and inaction of death, are
upon us," said Col. Klllebrew, "and wemust
snake it off at any cost." The people must
have confidence in each other in order to
successfully work together. Capital and
labor must sympathize with cadi other and
go hand In hand. Very earnest was tho
speaker in condemning the custom of teach
ing youth that the proiessionai career is the
only one that fills the measmo of
ambition, is the only one that com
mands respect. The professions are
already crowded, and to continne re
cruiting for them is to teach a lesson that
saps mental vigor and destroys independ
ence. On the farm and in tho shop there is
work for all willing hands. In the over
crowded ranks of the various professions
there are idlers who waste their lives in
wearily waiting, like Micawber, for "some
thing to turn up." Far better do that which
is ever ready to be done than to idly wait
for tliat which may never come.
It is a grand mistake to hold out dazzling
professional honors to all the youth of the
land, for in doing so you build up a large
body of lazzaroni. This is a practical age,
ane we sbotdd teach all to look upon practi
cal pursuits as highly respectable. Because
a man earns his bread by the sweat of his
brow it does not follow tliat he is a boor.
The Colonel urged the farmers of Ten
nessee to organize, in onler that they might
make their influence felt in the State, and
then demand that the Legislature shall be
stow some fostering care upon industrial
pursuits. The address was a sensible one
throughout, and it would be better for the
people of every State should the homely
t rut lis be presented to them more often than
they are in the chaste and yet forcible lan
guage of Col. Killebrew.
"How Do They All IJve?"
We have already extracted liberally from
the first and second chapters of the Charles
ton Courier's epistle to the Carolinians,
showing how success has been attained in
New York city by means of advertising.
The last chapter touched upon the immense
business of the different advertising agen
cies, and the article concludes as follows
You desire, for instance, to contract with
one thousand newspapers for ten lines or a
column. You are told "Here is a list of
fifty newspapers, with a circulation of twen
ty thousand each, price so much; here is a
list of one hundred newspapers, with a cir
culation of ten thousand each, price so much;
here is a list of five hundred newspapers,
with a circulation of three thousand each;
and here a list of three hundred and fifty
papers, witli a circulation of seven hundred
and upwards each. Here sir, is the aver-
age." It may be a dollar a line, more or
less; It is always less than the same amount
of work can be contracted for by the indi
vidual, and at the same time he is spared
the toil of overlooking a daily task.
Look over the books of some of these
concerns and you will find records like the
following: "H. T. Helmbold, by cash,
$150,000; Fisk Hatch.by cash, $25,000; A.
T. Stewart Co., by cash, $50,000;
New York Sun, by cash, $30,000;
George W. Childs, Philadelphia Led
ger, by cash, $10,000; Thomas Holloway,
by cash, $00,000; Jay Cooke
Co., by cash, $75,000; Devlin Co.,
$150,000, and so on. These names, and
there are thousands of others, illustrate the
main ideas, to-wit that a man may turn
the wheel of fortune as he shall choose if
ho uses the newpaper as a crank. There is
not a single instance of failure known from
a well regulated system of advertising.
When the government of the United States
could not otherwise dispose of its bonds
after having "felt" Wall-strset and other
commercial centers of the world Jay
Cooke stepped forward, aud with the faith
of a hero, said, "I'll take them." He at
once authorized the expenditure of $75,000,
saying to his agent, "put our advertisements
in all the papers of the country; never re
fuse a publisher who has energy enough to
come to yon for it lus paper may be small
aud weak, but give him something."
It was done, and since 1805 Jay
Cooke, by the judicious use of printer's
ink, has made from the mere manipulation
of United States bonds, at a fraction of a
cent on the dollar, a colossal fortune. The
illustration applies to scores,and their names
you may read in every paper that is worth
reading on tho Continent.
One of the results of tho lessons thus
taught by successfnl business men through
these public teachers is eminently signifi
cant. Tlie newspaper has become a sort
of Commercial Agency, in wliich a merch
ant illustrates his own energy of character.
Energy is his stock of trade. Stock means
credit, and credit is capital. Hence even a
village advertiser makes a commercial repu
tation more commendable in the eyes of
tlie wholesale magnate, tliat a cart load
of local references, comprised of the
best names he can select. Men are
measured now-a-days by a rigid plumb-line
"What are you; what are you doing? What
have you done what can y ou do f When
a man advertises in his local paperthat
whole community answers tlie question
'lie's a success I"
We write of these matters because, look
ing critically over the field, we find that
every man who owns an individuality in
this crowded metropolis, justly ascribes it
to the influence of the press. He has real
ized tliat the great secret to success is to
captivate the eye. The eye is the sentinel
to the will. Capturing tlie sentinel, the will
succumbs. Hands and feet follow, and the
purse and check-book add their emphatic
Ainen. What is trjie of New York is
equally true of the smallest town on this
continent wherein a newspaper js published.
Your well-worded advertiserneiit is the
"Moses' rod" which, tapping the rock, brings
forth the waters of wealth,
Rev. ?Ir. Earlc.
This gentleman continues to draw im
mense crowds to his appointments for
preaching. The cold weather has compelled
the abandonment of the Exposition build
ing, and the services at half-past two o'clock
are now held daily at the First Baptist
Church, and"at a quarter-past seven in the
evening at Masonic Hall. Yesterday after
noon thirteen pnrso-is united with Dr. Jones'
church, and three with tlie Rev. Mr. Nelson's
church, in Edgefield. Fifteen united with
Dr. Jones' church previously, making twenty-eight
received for baptism, thus far, since
Mr. "Earle commenced the meeting. Ma
sonicTrall was packed to its utmost capacity
last night.
LATEST MARKETS BT TELEGRAPH.
Mobile, Kov. 2a. Cotton quiet and firn.;
middlings 17,T.'c; net receipts 811 bales; exports
I.3S2 bates; sales 1,000. bales; stock 36,311 bales.
Savannah, Xov. !E Cotton strong; mid
dlings lT,V18c; net receipts 3,088 bales; exports
coastwise 2,9S1 bales; sales 1,500 bales; stock 63,
393 bales.
Galveston, Nov. 22. Cotton strong; good
ordinary 16c;"net receipts 1,171 bales; exports
coastwise 392 bales; sales 1,350 bales; stock 32,896
bales.
Charleston, Nov. 22Cotton strong; mid
dling 18c; net receipts 2,263 bales: exports coast
wise S70 bales; sal 800 bales; stock 2,531 bales.
THE COSTtTcOTORT.
Tho Called Meeting Yesterday To Re
dnee Expenses The Karkethouse
Nuisance Preposition of tlbe'Xaah
vlllo and Chattanooga Railroad Com
panyte Buy the County's Iniercst in
the Ifasbvlllo and Northwestern
Railroad The Her Accepted, Sub
ject to RatiScatten by. the People.
At a meeting of the County Court, Hon.
"Wm. A. Glenn presided, the following-
named ice rubers were present:
Albert, P.R., Baskette, J. H Bo wen, Jerry,
"Bash, John W., Butler, W. M., Cassetty, T.
D., Chandler, W. J., Chickering, Chas. B.,
Couch, M. I., Campbell, R. D Childress,
J2. H., Davidson, Jno. S. C, Dalahunty,
Jas. S., Dortch, Nat. F., Everett, James,
JJwing, Wm. B., Galbreath, J. H., Graves,
D. S., Gray, Benajah, Gleavcs, B. F., Hay
nie, James, Hooper, Geo. J., Hows, Jno.
Hynes, Barny, Kerrigan, Martin, Maxcy,
l. W., Meacnem, wm. if., aewoy, vzwen,
Neylan, D. N., Patterson. Ja3. T., Paul,
I Isaac, Phelan, D. A., Bucker, Jno. W.,
I Bead, James W.) Steele, James A., bullivan,
W.P., Taylor, Jno., Wallace, Ben. E.,
Walsh, Pat., Wherry, W. A., Wilkinson,
W. H.
ELECTION ADVERTISEMENT.
Justice Albert differed a resolution provid
ing that the advertisement for the election
to be held on the 20th of December, be in
serted in tho German paper of Nashville,
which was adopted.
A OOOD SUGGESTION.
Justice Neylan offered a resolution au
thorizing that iron facing be placed on the
Courthouse stairs to prevent injury to the
wood work. Action on tho resolution was
deferred to the next regular meeting.
TO REDUCE EXPENSES.
Justice Baskette offered the following
preamble aud resolutions
Whereas, it appearing from the report of
tho report of the committee on Finance of
the County, that the expenses of the several
courts of this county will exceed the levy of
taxes upon the real estate of the county for
the year 1871, amounting in the aggregate
to $39,000.
Resolved, that the County Court of
Davidson county is of the opinion that some
relief should be granted by the Legislature
of Tennessee; therefore, we, the County
Court, respectfully petition the Legislature
to consolidate the courts of this county, or
abolish some of them, so as lessen the ex
fienses of holding the samev
Resolved, further, that we are of the
opinion that the expenses of the Criminal
Court of Davidson county, especially in re
gard to jail fees, costs of suits, might be
greatly decreased by putting in successful
operation a workhouse in this county. We,
the County Court, therefore, respectfully
petition the Legislature to grant the County
Court Of Davidson by lawful authority to
build and put into operation a workhouse
in said county, with power to lease the
same, and we, the said court, do further
ask the Legislature to change the law so as
to enable the Judge of tho Criminal Court
to sentence all parties convicted of misde
meanors in said court, and who are not
able to secure the co3ts and fine of the
same to said workhouse, and further to I
provide against the county paying the costs
in cases where security has been taken, and
returned no property after said security has
been taken.
On motion of Justice Maxey a committee
of five was appointed to mcmoralize the
Legislature in reference to the above pre
amble and resolutions. The Chan- appomt-
ed the following named members as said
committee: Justices Baskette, Meacham,
Bush, Chandler and Galbreath,
THE MARKETnOUSE NUISANCE.
Justice Pat Walsh offered the following
preamble and resolutions
Whereas, complaints have been made,
both tlirough the press and the courts, de
nouncing the present Markethouse as a nui
sance; therefore,
Resolved, That it is the sense of this
court that the City Council of Nashville
should have the unseemly shanties and
sheds surrounding the markethouse removed
by the first of January next.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this Court
bo instructed to furnish the Mayor with a
copy of tlie foregoing resolution.
A motion by Justice Ewing to lay the
above resolutions on the table was lost by
a vote of 28 to 9.
Justice Walsh spoke in earnest terms in
support of his resolutions. He stated that
the object was simply to enter a respectful
protest against a public nuisance, now too
long tolerated by the city government.
After lengthy discussions, the resolutions
of Justice Walsh were adopted by a vote of
20 to 2.
KASnVILLE AND NORTH WESTEUX RAIL
ROAD. Justice Childress submitted for the con
sideration of the court the following propo
sition for the purchase of tlie county's in
terest in the Nashville and Northwestern
Railroad
To the Worshipful County Court of Da
vidson county, Tenn.: The Nashville and
Cliattanooga Railroad Company hereby pro
poses to purchase the stock of Davidson
county In the Nashville and Northwestern
railroad, the sam? being three thousand
sliares of $100 per share, at the price of
$30,000, to be paid and discliarged in and
by thirty bonds of the State of Tennessee,
ef the legal issue, and for $1,000 each, and
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, the bonds to be delivered upon
tlie ratification of the sale and acceptance
of this proposition by the people or
proper authority, and assignment of stock.
This proposition Is made upon the
condition that Davidson county will stay
proceedings on its appeal and supersedeas
in regard to the decree ordering a sale of
the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad,
now pending in the Supreme Court, at
Nashville, In the cause of tlie State of Ten
nessee vs. the Edgefield aud Kentucky
Railroad Company and others, pending the
negotiation and uutil it is determined
whether or not the proposition shall be
accepted and the sale ratified by the people
or proper authorities, and, upon ratification,
that the said appeal and supersedeas be dis
missed. E. W. Cole,
Pres't N. and C. R. R. Co.
Justice Childreas.after reading the above
proposition, submitted and moved the
adoption of the following preamble and res
olution: Whereas, the Nashville and Chattanooga
Railroad Company have proposed to buy
the stock of Davidson county in the Nash
ville and Northwestern Railroad, on terms
as stated above. And the court is of opin-
ion that the offer is a fair one, and ought to
be accented. Therefore, be it
Resolved by the County Court of David
son County, sitting in adjourned session of
of the October quarterly terra, a quorum
being present, That the said proposition be
accepted, and tlie sale made, so far as this
Court has power to lnako the sale or accept
the proposition and tliat the proposition
be submitted to tire people for their accept
ance, ratification of sale or rejection and
tliat an election be held in the manner pre
scribed by law for that purpose.
Justice Doitcli, after considerable discus
sion on the proposition to purchase, moved
that the Court take no action on tlie sub
ject, and leave the whole matter to be de
termined by the people. Tlie motion was
rejected.
Justice Maxey moved to amend the reso
lution as follows: Provided, that the Nash
ville and Chattanooga Railroad Company
shall, in addition to the payment in bonds
.1.. V 1...S1I..
ior me county s interest in tin; jasuimc
and Northwesterij Railroad, give the right
of way for a go'Od and sufficient railroad
track to the Tennessee and Pacific Railroad
Company, free of charge, rom the present
point of junction of same Tennass'ee and
Pacific Railroad and Nashville and Chatta
nooga Railroad to the grounds of the Ten
nessee and Pacific Railroad Company, be
tween Franklin street and the crossing of
the NolcnsvUlo Turnpike.
The resolution as amended was adopted
by a vote of 80 to 1.
On motion the court adjourned subject to
the call of the chairman.
Consigned to the State Prison.
Deputy Sheriff Buck Joiner, of Sumner
county, arrived hero yesterday, having in
cliarge two men named Porter and Kirby,
convicted in the Circuit Court, at Gallatin,
a few days since, for robbery, and sentenced
to ten years each in the Penitentiary. As
the prisoners passed through tho city, they
looked as though fully realizing the noted
remark that the way of the transgressor is
uncomfortably rough.
A ScuESECTADVpaper says that "Miss
Hannah Virtue, a spinster of very correct
deportment, residing ic this place, has re
ceived and declined no less that thirty-three
offers of marriage." We suppose Miss Vir
tue read Pope's "Essay on Man," in the re
mote days of youth, learned 'all about tho
animal and wisely concluded tliat "Virtue,
alone, is happiness below."
THE CHATTANOOGA FIRE.
Arrest of a Man Strongly Suspected
as the Iacndlary.
At Chattanooga, on Mgnday last, police
man White arrested a negro man giving his
name as Jake Smith, who is strongly sus
pected as the author of the recent destruc
tive .conflagration .in that city. When
searched, a large gold ring was found on his
person, belonging to the Fischer Bros., and
also two keys belonging to freight cars ou
the Western and. Atlantic Railroad. He
wasarrcsted on the charge of theft, and
unless he has been informed of the facta
since, is not aware that he is charged with
being the Incendiary of the late fire.
The Chattanooga Times says tha Jake
Smith, or Calhoun, wliich is his real
name, Is an expert villain, which
will be readily understood when it is known
that he freed himself from his shackles in a
few minutes after they were placed upon
him. One of the prisoners says that he has
an instrument about three inches long,with
which he sawed the springs of the clasps In
two. Though diligent search has been made
of his-person twice, nothing of the kind has
been fouud. Mr. Wlute has been actively
engaged ever since tho fire in ferreting out
this matter, and has left no stone unturned
in collecting sufficient proof to insure con
viction.
SKETCH OF THE GRAND. DL'KK
The Grand Duke Alexis Is the fourth
born but third suniving.onof theEmpercr
Alexander 11. ot Kussiaanu his .Empress,
formerly Princess of Hesse. He Is now in
his 22d year, having been' born Jan. 2, 1850.
When the father presented himself to the
Imperial group with his son in his arms, the
imperor Nicholas stepped lorward and in
vested the Infant prince with the official dig
nity of Colonel of the Ekatherinenbourg
regiment of infantry. In 1850 the Emperor
Alexander ascended the throne, and lus cor
onation took place in Moscow. Alexis, then
six years of age, made his appearance be-
tore tue assembled nomiity or the .Empire
at this brilliant ceremony.
The young Prince received his early edu
cation under the charge of Madame de Ber
nard, a French lady, and of Fraulien Ju-
lithshof, the orphan daughter of a Court-
Vind nobleman. The lad proved a quick
scholar, anu was soon not onlv able to reau
Russian, French and German, but under
stood any conversation addressed to him in
those languages. In due tune the young
Prince was placed under the tuition of
Profs. Tnrganoffand von Stein, the former
instructing him in mathematics and geog
raphy, and the latter in history, while ho
was taught English by a Scotch gentleman
named Gordon. When twelve years old he
had also acquired a very fair knowledge of
.English.
When about 12 years of age,the Grand Duke
accompanied his uncle, the Grand Duke
Constantino, on a voyage of inspection to
Sweaborg and thus had his first experience
of the perils of seafaring fife. During the
voyage there was a terrific storm of several
hours' duration, but the boy-voyager waj
undismayed, and no amount of persuasion
could induce him to retire to his state-room.
The life of a sailor liad become so attractive
to him that on returning to St. Petersburg
he anxiously besought his father to permit
his entering the naval service. The Em
peror, however, declined to accede
to the request, considering his son of too
delicate a constitution to undergo the hard
ships which are incidental to life on the
ocean, but afterwards yielded so far as to
g ,"4"'
SS"c)JtA,S21
I fairly enrolled in tlie navy of his country,
and in the capacity of First Lieutenant on
I the frigate Svetlana, he visits the United
States for the first time.
It is thought in Europe that the Grand
t Duke Alexis will jnarry the Princess Mary
Elizabeth, eldest daughter of Prince
I Frederic Claries of Prussia, and the Prin
cess Jlary ol Anhoit. It is probable that
their betrothal will soon be officially an
nounced. The l'nncess is in her sixteenth
year.
THE LESSEES OF TUE PENITENT!.
ARTY.
From the Knoxvllle Press and Herald.
Maj. O'Couner is one of the pushing, ris
ing men of the time. He has the full en
ergy of a dozen common men, and gener
ally has the good sense and the good luck
to make a success of whatever enterprise
he undertakes. There is either a fortune
or a great disaster in the enterprise in which
he has embarked just now, and we are in
clined to think he lus not set sail with a
view of being shipwrecked. He has had
successful experience in tlie character of
business lie will have in hand,and we know of
no man better fitted to carry out success
fully the contract he has undertaken. Col.
Looney is a prominent West Tenueesseean,
of excellent personal and business charac
ter. He commands the confidence of the
entire Memphis community. We verymuch
fear that while the State is to be greatly
benefitted, Knoxville and Memphis will
each lose an excellent citizen. We congratu-
I late both the leasors and lessees upon the
satisfactory close of their negotiations and
trust the new arrangement may prove highly
profitable to both sides of the contract.
TENNESSEE IfEWS.
Pat Rogers, charged with stabbing and
killing Fritz Lindeman at Chattanooga last
spring, has been acquitted.
At present there are 114 prisoners in the
Memphis jail. Of tliis number 30 are under
sentence, representing 124 years in the
Penitentiary-
Young Snecd, who shot Capt. Anderson
at Sweetwater week before last, was tried
before a Justice of tlie Peace in tliat place
but Saturday for that offence and acquitted.
The Huntingdon Denipcrcjt says: The
Nashville an$- Northwestern Railroad is in
better running order than ever before. It
is now, iu truth, a first class road, and can
boast of as many conveniences and com
forts, as any road n the South. So much
for tlie present management.
Greeneville is considerably interested in
the construction of a narrow-gauge railroad,
by way of the furnaces tq Paint Rock, on
the Cincinnati, Cumberland Gap and Char
leston road. Capt. Vanderhootf, of Knox
ville lias been appointed Chief Engineer,
and the surveys will be commenced at once.
"There are two ways of doing it," Sid
Pat to himself, as he stood musing and
waiting for a job on the street corner. "If
i save me S4,uou 1 mnst lay up me svuu a
year for twenty years, or 1 can put away
$20 a year for two hundred years. Now,
which way will 1 do it?"
River News.
Tho river at this point for the twenty
four hours ending yesterday evening rose
two inches, and was still swelling slowly at
dark. Weather cold and cloudy, threaten
ing snow.
The steamer George S. Kinney arrived
yesterday from Dozier's Landing, with a
tow.
Our packets are hi complete readiness for
the approaching season, and will enter tho
trade upon a sufficient rise in our river.
Capt. R. W. Wise was looked for in Lou
isville on Tuesday night to commence load
ing the Emma Floyd for Nashville.
We clip the following paragraphs from
the Louisville x.eagcr ot yesterday:
watej. at tue head of the canal, and about
20 Inohes on the falls in tho Indiana Chute.
Telegraphic advices from. Cincinnati yester
day a ftenioon, ire to tho eflbct that there
was 11 feet 5 Indies water in the channel at
that point, and that the fleet of towboats
and barges from Pittsburg are arriving. At
Pittsburg the river was stationary, with 5
feet o inches in the clianncl. It was the
opinion tliat the rise would reach tliis point
last night, and we presume the river will be
swell iug rapidly to-day. The weather is
raw and cold, with no indications of rain.
Business in river circles brisk.
Or-ExiNG of rut Canal. The canal,
which was closed on tho 21st day of July
last, and wliich lias been since that time
undergoing important improvements, is
again ready for tlie uses of navigation. At
ten o'clock last night the wickets were
opened, and the water commenced flowing
into the canal, and tliis morning wo presume
it is full, and ready to admit steamers and
other water craft.
DIED.
DODGE In this city, Sbv. 22, JlAKr CnAE
iotte, daughter of Ewin I?. and JHnnie Dodge,
aged lyear and 10 months.
Funeral service it tho house, No. 3S2 North
Cherry street, at 1 o'clock this r.
SPERRT. At 20 minutes to 6 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, 22d Inst, Jonx McnrnY, ln
lant son of John N. and llattie II. S perry, aged
4 months and 7 days.
Notice of the funeral will be given In to-morrow
(Friday) morning's papers.
BSU1MCE CeXFMY.
J. B. BENNETT, 'President.
CWcaf o Losses) $13,143 43
it reinsurance isna la
the 'Triumph." J. B.
Bennett, Pre $500,000
Has reinsurance fund in
Urn "Amazon J. B.
Bennett, Pres. 500,000 1,000,000 00
37 This Company la now reaping the harvest
its superior management entities it to, receiving
premium money to the amount of nearly FIVE
Hundred thoasana dollars monthly, at greatly ad
vanced rate.
E7It Is first and fairest In adjusting losses
ana is ways reaay wita a sight check for au
uuiiesi claims.
JOSEPH XASH, Agent,
S.E. Corner Union and CherTy Streets.
.1UT. 1 WUW.
STATE OF THE WEATHER.
Tiltgnphie Rtvortfrm Signal Servie Cbrp, TJ.
B.JL.,tf Qbimatimt at 4 o'ctoet, P. it.
o J- -J
Place of Obser- -a gig -oH
un- Hal tu
Aneusta, Ga.... 29.S0 55 TV 3
Baltimore....... 29.77 42 W 6
Boston 29,-6 40 W 11
Buffalo. 29.56 47 W 9
Cairo. 30.12 S0KW 11
Charleston. 29.87 55 S W 3
Chicago 30.02 17 N"W 9
Cincinnati. 29.37 MiNTV 7
Davenport 30.14 M NVT 14
Galveston. 30.02 57 S 7
Indianapolis..... 2B.96 21 N W 9
Key "West, F la.. 30.94 72 NW JO
Leavenworth.... 30.26 20 NW 10
Louisville. 29.90 331X17 12
Memphis. 29.98 50N"W 8
Mobila. Ala. 30.00 67 S 3
Nashville.. 30.01 33'KW 5
New Orleans..... 29.98 58 N E 2
New York. 29.67 47 W 14
Norfolk. 29.76 49 Calm 0
Omaha 30.13 9 NW 6
Pittsburg. 29.84 30 S TV 4
Portland, Me.... 29.49 48 S "W 6
Punta Roe a. 29.92 66 N W 17
Savannah. 29.91 65 S W 3
Shreveport. 29.90 60 Calm 0
St. Louis. 30.06 26 NW 6
St. Paul. 30.15 12 N W 3
Wilmington 29.73 65 S W 12
Vicksbure. 30.00 62 S "W 4
Jacksonville 29.99 57 S W 4
State of
weather.
Hl&sle't
Cloudv
Falr
Th'g st'ra
rau
Cloudy
Clear
Fair
Lletsn'w
Fair
Fair
Cloudy
Clear
Fair
Th'g st'ra
tan
Clear lng
Fair
Falr
Lig'tsnV
uie&nng
Fair
Fair
Falr
Clear
Clear
Fair
Clear
Fair
War DxTAttTjacrr,
Office or tub Chief Sioxar. Officer.
WalHUCOTOjr, D. C., Not. 22, 1871.
Probabilities: The barometer will prob
ably nse ihursuay on the lakes and Jiew
England, with cold westerly winds and
cloudy weather; fall in the Southern and
gulf States, with southwest winds and rising
temperature, ciouoy weather prevailing m
the Rocky mountains, will probably extend
with falling barometer and rising tempera
ture In the Mississippi valley. Dangerous
winds are not anticipated for our coast this
evening.
Second Growth or Apples.
At the nursery of L. C. Lishy, on the
north side of the river, there are several
trees loaded down with apples, the second
growth this year. Tho trees are as fully
leaved, and just as fresh in appearance as
when they bore fruit in May last, and the
apples equally as abundant, and hanging as
usual ia clusters. Some of the fruit is
nearly as large as a hen egg.
City Notices.
Blankets, Shawls and Furs very cheap
at the Trade Palace, 14 Public Square.
nov23 tf Jons Giloan Co.
Silk Poplins in fashionable colors at 75
cents. John Gilgan Co., Trade Palace,
Public Square: nor2l tf
Boots and Shoes. The very best "Cus
tom Work" of the latest styles for every
one, at prices not to be Deal in this or any
city. Full lines of Boots and Shoes of all
sizes and qualities for every purpose of
country nie. Uoods and prices satisfactory
to all. Call and be suited.
John Ramaoe Sox,
nov23 tf 4S College street.
Novelty, The Fifty Cents Store, at No.
9 Union street, is without doubt the most
popular and the most visited store in the
city. Hundreds of ladies are visiting it
tlaily, and each and every one is pleased
and surprised with the extent and value of
the goods sold there for fifty cents. It is
wonderful to see the variety and the differ
ent kinds of goods to be foundln this es
tablishment. Six polite young lady clerks
are employed, and are anxious to show the
beautiful goods in their various departments.
Those who have not been to the Fifty Cents
Store lately should not fail to go and see
the novelties at No. 9 Union street.
nov22-2t
Sweet Cider. 25 bbls. on consignment.
Gejtsett Co.,
nov21 lw 03 and Co South ilarket st.
The new Colonnade Hotel, Philadelphia,
Pa., in location possesses business advan
tages and quiet neighborhood. nov21 lw
On Consignment. 100 Bbls. choice
Iowa Onions. Gennett Co.,
novl9 lw 03 and 05 South Market at.
Furs 1 Furs at reduced prices at A.
Winter's, 13 Union street.
A beautiful Stock of Dress Goods cheaper
than any other house in the city.
Broche Shawls at importer's prices at A.
Winter's, 13 Union street.
novlO sun,tues,sat&sun 4t
Trunks and Valises cheap for cash at
Wm. Dunstead's Trunk Store, 4" "North
Market street. All varieties of Ladies' and
Gentlemen's Trunks on hand. novlO tf
Furs Furs Our entire stock of
Furs at reduced prices.
novlS tf Ely Whiteside.
Furs, Furs, Furs, Furs, Furs, Furs,
at Hicks', 40 Union street. novlrj tf
Colds and Coughs. Sudden changes of
climate are sources of Pulmonary and
Bronchial Affections. Take at once
"Union's Wronehial Tropes," let the cold,
cough, or irritation of tho throat be ever so
slight. novlS sat,tuesAthurs
The new Colonnade Hotel, Philadelphia
Pa., is one of the largest hotels in tho coun
try. novl7 lw
Furs in great variety and cheap at Hicks'
Emporium, 40 Union street. novlO tf
Snvo vnnr ninnav and ro to Hicks Mil
linery Emporium, and get value received
ior ii. novio ti
Buy Furs cheap at Hicks', 40 Union Bt.
novlOtf
Burnett's Cocaine, the best hair-dress-
ng. ap-i lawly tues
mn' finp rtntnm.mnilfl Ttnnis Ktiruta nnA
Gaiters, superior quality, just received and
for salp at low prices, at No. 47 North Col
lege street, next door to Unidn, east side.
oc21 tf Chas. B. Hall.
Marriage Guide. Interesting work,
numerous engravings, 224 pages. Price 50
cents. Address Dr. Butts' Dispensary, 12
North Eighth street, St. Louis, Mo. See
advertisement. scpl4 d&wly
Royal Havana Lottery.-$330,000 in
gold drawn every seventeen days. Prizes
cashed and Information furnished. Tlie
highest rates paid for doubloons, all kinds of
gold and silver, Spanish bank bills, Govern
ment securities, etc Taylor Co., Bank
ers, No. 1C Wall street, New York.
myl6 d&wtf
HOGS.
HOGS! HOGS! HOGS!
ThB undersigned, Proprietors of tho
"Sewane Pork House,"
WTXJj PAY
THE BEST MARKET PRICE
Daring the entire season for
"VyELL PATTED HOGS.
yVe will Pack Hogs on Commission for those
wh6 desire It' on as favorable terras as It can be
done In the "West.
HART HENSLEY,
o,2I JnrSwlm So. 73 Soath Market St.
WINTER UNDERWESR.
WINTER IS HERE.
Scotck Wool Sliirts Drawers?
Bed Flannel mrl3 Drawers;
Saker Flannel Salris k Drawers4
Ke Cashaere Shirts Drawers;
Wklte Casimere Shirts Drawers
Heavj Merino Shirts Drawers.
AU Kinds of Winter Underwear
AT
ELY WHITESIDE'S,
noTia eod topi tip
HATS.
FasMIanable Stjle Silk Hats,
Yoang Gents' Silk Hats,
Broadway Stjlc Casslmerc,
WE OPENTO-DAY OUR NEW STYLES or
Silk asd Cassimere Mats,
ItS TIX FALL OF 1873.
For Lightness, Durability and general exeeKescv
of finish, they win compare fararably with
any ire have ever Issued.
CoBformatear Vsed and all Hata War
ranted to Fit. Prices tne XweaC
WAIN WALKER,
Jyffi tf 24 Public Square,
COAL.
CHEAP COAL!
HAYING TAKEN AU EtTZBEST IN THE
spacious Coal Mines of Kentucky, known as
the St. Bernard Mines, on the ETansrUle and
Henderson Ballroad. and having conl of the
disposition of said Coal all south of Spnngfisld,
Bobertaon county, Tenn., we are determined to
furnish Nashville, Edgefield, and the surround
in; country and towns so cheap aa to pat fire In
the reach of the poor as well aa the rich.
We can furnish a superior article and abund
ant supply.
OFFICE Corner Union and Cherry streets.
Jy28tf MADI.HOX STBATTOS CO.
MATTRESSES, ETC.
SOUTHERN
Httress iFactory,
I CAN AND WILL SELL MATTBE3SE3 OF
every description cheaper tcn any other
house In the city.
Good Shuck Mattresses. 8X00
Cotton Top Mattresses. SX0
An other Mattresses In proportion. Work dona
to order. Cuttiig, making and laying Carpets;
patting ap an kinds of Awnings and Uowinlto
Bars; Trimming Church Pews, Cushions, Sails,
Flags, Tents, Upholstering, Renovating all kinds
of Mattresses. AU done with neatness anddia
patch. You will save money by calling at No
11 South College to buy your Mattresses.
Jy31tf n-JUCOLB.
FOR RENT.
For Kent! 3Fov Seat!!
"yE HAVE A NUMBER OF EXCELLENT
Swellings, Stores, OtQccsjmnd Booms
in the city and In Edgefield for rent for tha year
1872, several of which are
HEW AIS1 EliEGAUT,
and some are now vacant.
ABRINGTON, FARRAB WEAKLEY,
Agents. No. 32 North College st.
tiot8 eod UU utu.iia
NEWSPAPERS.
G BEAT
FAMILY PAPER I
FAMILY PAPER I
FAMTLT PAPER!
FAMILY PAPER!
FAMILY PAPER!
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS 1
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS! TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS! TWELVE PAGES S E VENTY-TWO COL
UMNS! TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COLUMNS!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
ilUS U til l I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
xnc iifcax I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
j. lie. uxua 1 1
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICA
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
Containing the Cream of the News, Editorial and
Miscellaneous Reading Mattur
Published In the
DAILY UNION AND AMERICAN,
raciTOiso
LATEST TELEGRAPH NEWS,
POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE,
COMMERCIAL and STOCK REPORTS,
LITERARY TOPICS and REVIEWS,
SELECTED SOCIAL ESSAYS,
PERSONAL GOSSIP, and
INFORMATION FOR PLANTERS
TOOXTIIJUt WITB TUX
CHOICEST STORIES,
LIGHT READING,
AND POETRY,
TaflU THB
CURRENT FOREIGN" AND DOMESTIC PE-
JUU.UIUAL3.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOB A SPECIMEN COPT.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
ONLY TWO DQLLABS A YEAR.
ONLY 3W0 DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY SWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS, A YEAR.
Anaszag,
J. O. GHIFFTTH CO
NuIiTille, T
I