S.OCAh XKAVS
i;.\i?i<'ai- Cathkuiscj.?Although last night
v_|? the regularly appointed time for a meeting
air Ihidicals of the Second Ward, only about
I/en pet-sons. mostly colored, assembled in
:i !!::r o! W. lVWitt's house, on the cor.
I'itt and Queen streets, and it having
:i aimmneed that "no quorum" was pres...
there was tio organization, but Kiclinrd
vs and Aruiistoad Webb, both colored, not
!;i i:i_r hefore had an opportunity to deliver
,1, in? Ives of their "opinions" on the questions
j.,. .:vt 1 in the campaign, ignoring the paucity
ti<e assemblage, proceeded to "make a few
j, ::i lliehard .Miles said:
i! Imped every member of the Radical party
ha 1 hi- shoulder to the same wheel; trusted
;Mr in dilVerc'iiees existed between the four
And- in Alexandria understood this meeting
;v i- railed not lor a discussion, but "for edifi'
ti 'ii :"'i 1 enlightenmentremembered the
i ti -i when the people were so wicked that the
I 1 had to be. destroyed, and the good were
-i..d by going into an Ark, and ho prayed all
_ honest men. with tears in his eyes, to
j itif tIk? Ark tit Ivuliealtsm at tlie ap|
j ifisinir >rruirirle; the frosts of labor had
i his head, his frame was wasting away, his
-:ght a roving dim. l>ut ho stood before this
.-tiiiir, to-night, an energetic, staunch, ami
*i i 'en j ?ro!iii>ing Radical. Then addressing the
IV dent of the el lib who was present, lie said,
i aiiiju-t talking, as you know, to kill time; I
am ii t making a bona tide speeeh?
I), Witt?1'lease make your remarks brief;
d .n't kiil too liuteh time.
l;:i ii:-a!i>m. said Richard Miles, continuing,
u n >t a >eet; while he admired old-time Kad:!->.
he was much more pleased with the new
averts to that faith. Rut here. Mr. 1 Vesii
a;, i would say again that I wish you to tni
I r-iaad 1 do not propose to make a speech
I i a only talking to kiil time, and upon the
i _ i i *e -1 hi tit frmu you to quit, 1 will yield the
:!.>.r most cheerfully. The Radicals should
i:il linn?vote like a single man; if they
a .ii! I do this, the result of the next election
a Mild make every ".Johnny Rcb tremble in
V boots; had picked up a newspaper and read
i it the most damnable accusation ever made
against human beings?that colored people
wanted to domiueer over the white people in
t!.< stiue manner in which the blacks had heeu
ruled he would support the regular nominees
whether they be black, white or grizziy gray
1: ipi i that next Tuesday morning wouid dawn
a. it victory tor the Radical party and closed
1 e iiiu-eiiing every voter to go early to the
N and speak his sentiments with his ballot.
Aft- r sonic deliberation as to whether a nouir
f nt of the Second ard should be allowed
to ak. Ari.nistc.ud Webb, at the invitation of
.J.-epli (,'oiton. who said perhaps that person
e .al 1 teli them something they'did not know,
took the li-Mir.
Artui*toa.I Webb?Had not many remarks to
mak gentlemen siiuuid not get worried over
iir* tilings: there was too milch wrangling
I goine on iti their ranks: such a course was not
fh tie >tirk by the regular nominees of the
arty; (A voice?his heads level) wo ali
Ict'I hotter stop quarrelling and ttiko up the
>h<?v?"j and the hoe; lot us receive any tuan into
our ranks, though ho bo the vilest rebel in
Alexandria there are too many oiiice seekers
had hoard a member of the Radical party say
he would not vote for the regular nominee?
lioi. L Seaton (Dries of Who was it.? Was
h<- white or black Is be iti this house.)
Webb?lie is in hearing, but I call no
j names.
J.??epli Cd ton ?It's not nn\
1 Speaker went on to say that lie had been
red for his vote saw a man who pro!" ?d
to bo a .Radical at the last election, cast
I;;s vote against the party.
.lo?.epii t'olton?One might infer, from your
1 road assertions, that you have allusion to some
oj u? here present.
W ebb I heard Tlios. J. Kdelitt say that he
It.id voted ibr Mr. JReach. and Squire Moore
't i l done tiie same thing Mr. Harrison Kirk
oii.T" d me Solid for my vote, but in the tuidst
of ail this, like King David's horses, I rushed
"ii tiie lield. 1 will vote for the regular nominee*
at the ri.-k of my life had been called a
d -n fool when lie supported John llirrell;
had been raised among rebels, but always ree.-ivi-d
kind treatment; bad beard C. \Y. De
W in called an agitator, and had been told that
in* taught the colored people more than they
111 to know?
<W l>c\Yitr. interrupting tin; speaker. askftl
11i:11 please to make his remarks ;i little
sii'irter.
Webb? I'll buy you two more candles, if
I that's what you r alarmed about.
he W iit- Your natural kindness, sir, is not
>o real a- your professed generosity; buy
ili-v-e caudles myself and pay lor them and not.
a cent have 1 ever received from you. It's
vetting late?taking out his watch?it's almost
eleven o clock (Several voices ?Let the speaker
proceed! tin on, no gagging here!) when C.
IM. i itt. yawning one*1 or twice, arose from
hi- seat, put on his hat, and hobbled up stairs,
|i?llowed by the entire audienee. leaving the
dimly lighted cellar to the undivided possession
of the indignant orator?Armistcad Webb.
Coi itt IIiu'sk Ni;\vs.? Seven marriage lie
nees. tline wliite and four colored, were issu
*d It'oiu and thirteen deeds reeoriled in the
otliee oft lie eierk of the County Court, during
the month of October. Curing the same period
n n marriage licences, eight white and two
e .ior. d.w- re issued from and twenty-one deeds
teeorded in the olhce of the clerk of the Cort
oration Court. The November term of the
C.maty Court will commence next Monday.
No ciimiiial eases are set for the term. On
Moii.lay w. ek the November term of the Corporation.
and the November term ol the Circuit
Court for the county, will commence on
ilie succeeding Monday, and the November
rm of the Circuit Court for this city will
commence.
vofnti Mt.n's Ciiuisnw Association.?
Many of the citi/.ents have cordially responded
is the re<|ue.-t to eontiibute funds in aid of the
w.u-k of t be Young Men's Christian Association.
>111:i! 1 contributions given monthly will do much
goo 1. and the plan is to collect from subscribers
motuhiv. \Vo have frequently referred to the
i ?1...
i t tlC IJi HUllli;, IIIU iv 11 iv vvmtni
'i |.ilili> efforts of the gentlemen engaged.?
t !rilniti*?ns of any amount, large or small,
wiil ln> t hank I"ully received, and may lie handed
to tlic general secretary. James Fntwisle. jr.,
k, No. PI king street.
Poi.lcK Ukpout.?Tiiero were no cases of
a criminal character at the Mayor's or at either
of the Magistrates' offices thismorning.
Nicirr KkpoUT.- -Night clear and cool.?
There were no disturbances nor any arrests, and
neither lodgers nor prisoners were at the stativii
house.
1 ?(>:is Fof.nd Op ex.?The front door of
the cigar factory of Stciner N oho. corner of
kinir and Water streets, was fouud open by the
police last night, but as nothing has been missed
it is .-opposed it was inadvertently left open.
Hie front door of'the Court House is said to
vc !i? piently left open all night loug.
Tit;: ]Jai;k Helios.?The Kussiati bark
Hdios, Mattila master, now discharging cargo
at Sinoot's Wharf, brought nine thousand sacks
)'?t -ait from Liverpool in as fine condition, it is
-aid. as a similar cargo was ever before brought
across the ocean.
Wsteus.?There is a good supply of oysters
now at the oyster dock, and they sell by retail
at fifty cents a bushel.
ALEX AND
Paralyzed.?Mr. William Biers, an old
resident of West End, was attacked
by paralysis yesterday evening near the
corner of Kingand Fayette streets while riding
upon his horse from the city to his home, lie
was carried into the Railroad Hotel and taken
care of until his friends came for him.
Si."it.?The case of Alexander Hunter vs. II.
1>. Cooke was argued, yesterday, on demurrer
in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia,
and the Court decided that the demurrer
should bo over-ruled and the case sent down
to be tried on the question of what damages
Hunter is entitled to.
Su l *er t n ten i) en ts 31 eetino. ?The Superintendents
of the different wards of this city
will meet at the office of S. C. Neale this evening
at 71 o'clock. It is understood that businix-..,
ii',11 In. jivimnntiid till' tlll'ir
V?i iiiij;wi uuiw *i ui ?-?v?
consideration.
Local It re vi lies.
A locomotive on the A. A F. II. 11. was considerably
injurod a few nigh ts ago by running
off'the track near Fowle's Sum mil. Thetraek.
as previously mentioucil, had been intentionally
obstructed.
A colored man while attempting to steal
wood from the yard of another colored man in
"Petersburg, last night, was shot at by the
owner of the premises but not hurt.
The ladies engaged in making arrangements
for the festival for the benefit of the Alexauandria
Library will meet to-morrow evening.
Many persons from the city wore present at
the political discussion at West Knd this evening.
Mrs. Joseph White opened to-day, at No. l(i<i
King street, a new twenty-five cent store.
A valuable horse belonging to Mr. Heury
Stwdds, died suddenly night before last.
The bazar of Catts Kerby, at West. Jlntl,
will open next Saturday.
(OXSLKVViiV i: M LL'il Mi.
A Mass Meeting of the Conservative Tarty of
the city and county will be held at Liberty Hall
on Monday night next, the Gth of November, at
7* o'clock, on which occasion addresses may be
expected from several gentlemen. All are invited
to attend. .JNU. 13. SMOOT,
nov 2-4t County Snpt.
./TivNotick.?An adjourned meeting of the
ladies having the Fe-tivnl for the benefit of tlio
Library in hand, will be held in the Library
ttooni on Friday evening next, at four oYiock.
A full" attendance is very desirable. All are
earnestly invited to be present.
nov l-2t Com m ittjjk.
.fcir- Attkntiox, Fkiknusiiip Co.?A called
meeting of the company will be held at their
hall, Tiiursduy evening, Nov. 2nd. at half past
seven o'clock. It is hoped nil will attend as
business of importance will bo transacted.
iiy order ol"the President:
oettfl -'It Jamks Pro ax. Secretary.
Continental Insurance CompY,
NO. 102 BROADWAY.
Nkw Yokk, October 13, 1 ST 1.
Cash Capital S500.000 00
Surplus Oct. 1, 1871 a.127.800 21
drops Asset? &2.027.100 21
Limit of Chicago losses us fixed
by agent at that city alter investigation
SI,200,000 00
The Hoard of Directors, at their regular
monthly meeting, 12th instant, unanimously
resolved to increase the capital stock to
<>\K lliLMO.\ OOl.LAltK.
and at the same meeting tendered their subseriptions
for an amount largely in excess of the increased
capital.
d Ko. T. llol'K. President.
Jl. II. liA M l'(> 11T, ice rro.-hlfiil.
C V 1 iL'S l'KClv, Secretary.
W3MJ1 (V CO.. A^aSs.
m>v2-lw Alexandria, Va.
(Standard and Sentinel eopy.]
1> KA LIT I FT L .1 KT J KWKLIiY, only 2". ets
:i set, nt t In*
T \V E N '1' V F i V H K N T ST<) 11K.
jiov 2-"<t K'U K inir street.
IjVAMlLY FISH.
125 Mils prime FAMILY FISH, carefully
selected mini paek.-d by myself, eon>Uting
Family Roe ami Yet Herrings, in whole ami
half barrels; Shad in barrels ami Shad line in
kits. Fur sale at lowest rates bv
SAM C KL .J. UK ED,
ii o\* 1 71 Soul li Fairfax street.
1 TV?K UK NT UK SA LK-G K KILN VY A V
JL. FISIl 1 NG SIH HIE, on the i'otomac, about
If. miles below Alexandria. All the neeessiry
buildings lV?r the aeeomiiioiiation of the fishermen
and their horses are good and in complete
repair. It is. and ever has been, one among the
successful fisheries on the river. For further
particulars apply to M rs. A N N C BRANDT,
or Mr. .J N(>. lb SMUOT, Alexandria. oclT-lln
rpiUM.MlNH, FANCY GOODS, NOTIONS,
-X. Ac., Ac.
1 have now on hand one of the largest stocks
of Fancy (foods, Notions, &oM ever offered m
this city, consisting of Laces, Silks. Satins, Velvets
and Velveteens, for Dress Trimming; Hosiery,
Handkerchiefs. Gloves, Merino Vests and
Drawers for holies ami children, Yarns, Worsteds,
Wools and Knitting Cottons of the best
makes; Hair, Tooth. Cloth and Nad Brushes;
Long, DresHng ami Fine Combs Soaps, Perfumery,
Powders and all kinds of Toilet Articles;
Keai and Imitation Hair Work of all kinds:
Ladies' Neck car. a splendid selection; .Doll
Heads, Bodies, Arms, Ac.
(Mlice for tlie sale of the SING Ell FAMILY
SEWING MACUIN'E.
1 shall oiler my stock of the above goods at the
very lowest prices, and invite all to Compare my
goods and prices with those who profess to sell
at cost. C. C. BERK Y,
oct Ml 72 King street
JOHN T. C BRIGHTON SON,
AV!i??lt?s:ile an?l Retail Denier* in
HARDWARE, CUTLERY, HA K lRO$,&e.,
NS King .street, corner Royal,
ALKXaxihma, VA,
"Would inform their friends nnd the public
generally that their stock is full and complete
in every department, and solicit a call before
purchasing. "We have on hand a great many
goods at low prices, suited to the country trade.
Call and see. net 114
1871. ?L- 1871.
GUNS! GUNS! GUNS!
Double and single-barrelled. Breech-loaders,
Pi?tols, Sharp's Repeaters. Colt's and Derringer
Pistols, and Sportsmen's Goods of great variety,
wholesale and retail at
J AS. F. CAPvLlX SONS',
oct 30 King street.
rpKAS?lb half chests and boxes choice Tesw
J- received to-dav bv
_ Oct 30 _ J. C. MILBlTRX._
OLD DOMINION CHEESE for sale by
W. F. BROOKES,
oct SO 147 King street.
1 L KIS" celebrated 1'IT I'OW DJEKS are for
JL sale by
oct as E. S. LEADBEATER tiRO.
ROIW L A N D' S GE N U1NE M AC ASS A1!
01L for the hair. For sale by
oct 117 E. S. LEADB EATEK BE0.
I! IA GAZETTE A
'i i-:i i-.<; iiai'h news.
[DISPATCHES TO THE GAZETTE.
FOItEl^X NEWS.
London, Nov. 1.?Tt is certain that Prine
Metternich and Chevalier Nigra, the Austria
and Italian Ambassadors will both leave I'ari
and perhaps conic to London. The allege
cause is petticoat influence. Paris is dull jus
now for ladies.
President Thiers is uncertain of his tenur
of life and has made a political will hoping t
secure succession in the Presidency tor Casiiui
Perciro.
The llappcl is again published and advocate
the claims of Victor Hugo for the Presidency
Tt is again rumored that Prince Hismare
offers Metz, dismantled, for Pondieherry o
Cochin China.
London, Nov. 2.?The discussion of th
question of international copyright continues
authors and publishers participating. .Mrs
i?ii?intrc linvA li All l ixlfl 1 il f fllrOfllll
published in Now York against a paper in tha
city for printing as her latest and best workparcel
of rubbish she never saw. She appeal
to justice and warns the public against suel
impostures.
A serious railway accident is reported to hav
occurred near I'crth. Scotland. The purlieu
lars have not yet reached London.
The subscriptions to the Chicago funds rc
ccivud by the Mansion House eommifto
amounted to f Ib.boo up to la>t evening. Th
receipts of the Liverpool relief coDiiuittec uo\
amount to ?18700.
Paris, Nov. 2.?A deputation of American
to-day waited upon Mr. Washburne. the Ameri
can Minister, and presented liiiu with a servic
of plate as recognition of his services to hi
countrymen during the siege and under th
Commune.
31. Laroncierc has declined the French Kin
bassy at L'erlin.
London, Nov. 2.?United States 3Iiniste
Schenek has removed his resilience to a8 Hrea
Cniiiherland Place. Hyde Park.
from 3iow York.
Nkw Vork. Nov. 2.?A new Demnerati
State organization under the title of the Tack
sou 1 leniocratic State Association was complete
in this city yesterday. It comprises a Stat
central committee, an executive committee, etc
and names of the most prominent reform derail
crats throughout the Slate appear on its list.The
platform adopted opposes corruption, f;i
vors political reforms, a lietter caucus system
opposes tho centralization power, pledges all it
efforts for the purification of the ballot and th
democratic party and favor-the payment of th
national debt and the maintenance of the pul
lie credit. A. 1>. Caldwell is President of th
Association.
The Stock Kxehange this morning by a larg
majority decided to adjourn on Tuesday next
election day.
There were 27 bids f?>r gold today fro?
110.2b to 112. IT The total amount of bid
is ?n.0n">.(io<). The amount advertised for sal
S 1,000.0 wiil go from 111.00 to 112,13.
Arrest of ISwrgJurK.
flVl'IVVATI V..V O (111 l'fiil iv bl.t 51 fll'i
cent was made by a Slicrill"s posse on tin; resi
deuceol'a man mimed Knglish.the head<juartei
ofan organized of house breakers nea
Chillicothc. Ohio. Anions the:irtic!e.s capture
were a number of books instructing novices i
tile art of burglary. Two of the gang were ar
rested. A merchant named Simmons has idenf
ficd .ssun worth of stolen property in the po.<
sessiou of*the prisoners.
To he Hung.
Pnn.ADKl.i'iHA, Nov. 2.-- John Ware, cm
vieted twice of murder in the second degree l'n
the murder of bis father in Camden, has bee
sentenced for execution on the loth of J 'ecen
l.er.
lire.
lYrrsr.runn. 1\\., Nov. 2.?McKeifs fl-nn
ing mill in Alleghany was destroyed by lire hi?
niglit. The l?ws is estimated at ?.'!j,i)(>U it
surance S21,u?.?. ________
Tltc ^arkcls.
Loxuox, Nov. 2?11.80 a. in.?Consols U8i f<
both money and account. Fivo-twentv bom!
of |sr,2 01T; in;:, m i in;; o:;i; 10-I0s N'.t.?.
Fkankfoiit. Nov. 2. Five-twenty bond
closed last evening at 00:i.
I.oxoox, Nov. 2?1.80 p. ni.?Consols 08 fr
both money and account.
1'akis. Nor. Kveiiing.?The llourse buoj
ant. Jlcntes ",7f. S2e.
N kw Vouk, Nov. 2.?Stocks dull and steady
Virginia t>s new <58. .Money 7. Moid 12.Floiir
(piict ami unelinnged. Wheat a sluul
linnet*. Corn slightly in buy its' favor.
P>.\r.rimoiik. Nov. 2.?Virginia sixes, old, 4
linl do. ]Nib c.2 l?i"l: do. lsi',7 b"> bid; do. cm
pon, obi. OA bid. West Virginias 21' bid, 2"
a-ked. Cotton llat; low middlings IN. Floi:
dull. Wheat quiet and unchanged. Corn lirn
er; white OA;,72: yellow U0:i70; mixed Wester
7-">. (tats dull at IN.
1U.M K Ti) Til E
KJ T\V EN TV-FIVE CENT STORE,
in'V li?-?t Bin King street.1
1/ V K R V P>? D Y WTLL <R> TO TIIE
Hi T W ENT V-F1VK CENT ST()RE,
nov l! :it 1W) King street.
"XTOTICK? A distribution of four dollars
Ji^i share i if t lie assets tin* FIRE 1NSIJH
ANCE CO. of Alexandria will be made to tli
stockholders <ir their b'gnl representatives o
ami after .Monday, the Gili instant.
doll N TI. B RE NT,
iniv L'd'it President Fire Insurance; CV
rnKAS! TEAS! TEAS!?dust received ii li
JL of very tine Gunpowder, Young ilysnr
()m iluiig and Japan Teas, which I oiler to tli
trade at very low prices,
iiov '1 F. (i. SWA INK.
I PEES 11 TOASTED AND GROUND UK
and LAG U V EA CuFFEES, for sale l?y
nnv '1 F. G. SWA 1 N ft.
yEPHVR WORSTEDS, Balmoral Yarn
Gerinantown Wools, Saxony Yarns. Slid
land Wools, vto., in larire nnnntitics and vcr
cheap at GREEN'S NoTH)N HOUSE,
in iv 'J 7G King street.
1)1CE, FLOUR, Farina, Mai/ana, Cor
Ik Starch, Sea .Moss Farine. &C.. for sale b
GEO. MeIH'RN EY A SON,
nov '2 I'M and IT" King strict.
VirALTER'S IMYAL DESS1CATKD IX
T V CO A N" IT f>>r sale bv
G Ko. McIiCnXKY SON*.
jii'V '2 100 and 17" King street.
rpiIE A M KU1CA N HUH MERGED, DOl
I KLBACTING.NON-FREEZIXG FORC
l'UM 1*?The -impl?-t and mo..t powerful in ti><
II is proved to bo tbo oil en post, most eflectivi
durable nr.d rolinblc ]>ump. Satisfactory test
moniuis furnished, and orders promptly attorn,
ed to. K. IIALLEY, Agent.
Otlice. at Win. Organ's, 16 north Koval stree
Alexandria. Ya. oct'JT-eolwd&tw*
tS UCK WII? AT FLOUR SACKS.
Now is the time to got your sacks for bud
wheat flour. Send in vmir orders at onee I
K)UN" 1L. PAKROTT.
Dealer in Paper Bags. Flour Sacks,
oct SI Shipping Tags, Ac.
rilHE CELEBRATED GEYSER SPRIN"
JL WATER.
Prom the great spouting spring of Saratogaacknowledged
to be the best Mineral Water i
tiie country. Trv it. For sale bv
oct Ml _ W A 11Fi ELD IIALL
STEEL TRAPS! STEEL TRAPS
Mink. Coon. Muskrat. Otter, Pox and K!
pliant Traps; Genuine Oneida Community
Traps, wholesale and retail bv
J AS. P. CARL IN* A SON'S,
oct 31 113 Ring street.
P LOWER POTS! FLOWER POTS!
All sizes at
oct IT EXTWISLE'S CIIIXA STORE.
ND VIRGINIA AD'
Sarcpfa Clodiin^ Hall.
I. .Scu waiitx. Co., (Successor to S. Dcalhum.)
Everything is war run led as represented. There

you will find
e
CI.otii 1XG
!S
d made of imported good-5, thorough]v sponged
=t 1
and in manufacture c<|iial to tho host of more

0 chant tailors' work. t
r
t
!S
The Sarcpla Vi'a!kiti?; ami Dress ?al
r 1
Isofthevcrv latest importation, of European I
I
e t
si le, and is a beau y.
;l 'E'nk{> Xciicc.
The Best <>f regular iinju?rL?-l 11 garments
tiro without seam. You will find sue.li, of the t
u 1
tim-sl material, in quantity und warranted at the
k_ r
n Saiiki'Ta ('i.oTi!iN<! Hall. j
e S. Dkai.iiam, i
oel 21 J It-ad Salesman.
s Clothing! Clothing T
At Low Pkicks!
L. Deposition Ilateil!
e Comparison Invited! 1
Opposition Courted! t
G Competition Defied
At S. Ili.oxi'ii ki m s
ClIKAl' Mammhtii C I.IIT II I V (i STOKK, I
('O/'tiCi' Kiixj mn! I'tiirfu.r stri'rfs,
r net 12 Alexandria, Virginia.
Now Iikahv. i
The iinmenso now stock of
Fai.k and Wixtku Goons, f
At U. Stka t'ss' Kstaw.isiimknts, t
e No.?. 'Jit and '.'2 K ing street. 1
The .-t"ch i< replete in all it.- branches. consist- fi
J inir of .Mi-n's, Ladies', Hoys', Misses' and Children's
Boots and Shoes, in great variety, which
L for eheajiiiess and durability cannot he excelled
hy any similar e.-tahlishuient in town.
Also a large ami well selected stock of Cloth- j
ing, (leiil's Furiii.-liing Ciotnls, Trunks and Ya-
li.-t-s, which will he sold at New York prices. j
Do not fail to call, as we guarantee to sell lo\ver
than the lowest.
Don't forget the name and Xos.
0 II. STRAUSS, V
G oet o Xos. 00 and '.>2 King struct.
e si'Kt s.u, .v<mens.
Sinking Fast.?Pale. miserable, discourG
aged, without relish for food, without energy
enough for exertion, yet with no acute pain, or
other specific indication of disease, how often do
p we see feelde invalids lading as it were out of life
i. without any apparent cause. We say of them c
that they are'"sinking fast," or "sinking gradu- t
L ally," as the ease may he. But there is m> good j
rea.-on why tliey should sink at all. Persons in
this dead alive state simply want invigorating (J
and vitalizing. Nature, in a state of torpor, do- t
mauds help. Bring out the reserve of vitality in j
the system: hraee tiie nerves; tone the stomach, j
,s break tin* morbid trance of body and mind Willi j
a course of Hosteller's Stomach Hitlers. It can
In- done. It lias In-en d mo In thousands of in-
stances. Tin* dibi t upon the enervated frame is
n eleetric. Never give up. however languid and
broken down. Kememl'cr that for tlio exhaust- f
j_ ed. the debilitated, tllede.-pondillg.this powerful
vegetable re.-torative is a genuine elixir. Jt is i
not a mere stimulant that provokes a transient 1
flash of vigor in the .-ystem, and then leaves it in f
a more dejiressed eoudition than before. It re- I
moves the causes of debility by altering the so-
l- civtions, arid regulating the action of the internal 1
ir organs, as wcil as rc-ciiforcing them. Jt is a s
particularly valuable medicine at this sea.-on,
beeause it is all antidote to the malaria which f
produces iiilermilteiit liver, bilious colie and 'J
other disorders of the bowels prevalent in the i
fall. oct dl)?colw a
1
Vino Catii Jimi.?The announcement
it that has been so generally heralded throughout
the country that an American company lias again
commenced importing this celebrated Wine i
Tonic is a matter of no small importance, and
will be bailed with joy bv all those seeking a
pure and invigorating tonic; also, those who
need a pure, plea.-aut and refreshing stimulant
'will lin.l in the Kl Vino C'atalina, "C brown's
Catalina Wine Tonic, what they want It will
be remembered that importations were made in
lKtiOufthis noted brand, but in consequence of 1
>r the high duty then demanded by this govern- 11
1111 111, tin; enterprise ceased, to the regret ot
thousands who had learned its Value. Jt is the 11
?iltlfst t'>jiic in Um: world, and doubtless the 111 l 1
invigorating, tin* |iurest and best, and it' impor
tation continues at tin* rates now started, it will
lake its jdaeu in fwry family in this as wdl as v
in the "Id countries. Its turrits will makeila
household article, and we hope that every one
I'.' who has ever used any Hitters or common patent s
i- tonir, will at lea at try one hottleorthe Catalina,
>1 and then deride |dr themselves whether they
ir will use this Totiie, prepared from the pure
i- juice of tin: Catalina gra|>c, with Calisaya and
n the spiers of Ceylon, or a hitters made of coin- I
mon whiskey and hitter field hrrhs. This is an !l
invaluahlo preparation for weakness and dehili-
ty; it relieves morning languor and gives fresh- 1
ne.-s and appetite, not followed by an unpleasant 1
j reaction.
It en res Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Coslivencss,
Bilious Derangements, Cramp Colic, Flatulence,
Diarrlaca, Dysentery Nausea, Vomiting,
Morning Sickness, Chills and Fevers, Headache, a
Nervous Irritability, Amemia, Heart Disease,
Disease- of the Kidney- a.id Bladder, Diseases t
of the Skin, and all Kruptions, either eaused hy c
a other diseases or impurity of the blood. As a s
Tonic in Consumption, it has no superior, of 1
wbieh thousands believe themselves to have t
been cured by its use. We do not claim thai it
will cure Consumption, but we sire sure that it
d will jtrevent it if taken freely in time,
h Avkky A* Davihso.v, Grocers and Lienor s
Merchants. King street, Alexandria. V:i., t
Agents for Alexandria and tlx*counties; J.M.M. I
Co Mia u A Co., 1Light Baltimore, Md., v
General Agents fertile IT. S. (Mice of the Corn-
jinny,-IS S. Howard street, Baltimore, Md.
jc a?eotf c
b Itatc'nclor's ISair I)yo.?'This sujierb n
Hair Dye is the br.st in l/ir World? Perfectly
Harmless, Keliable ami 1 ristuiitaneous. No disappointment.
No Uidieiilou? Tints, or Unpleas_
ant Odor. The trenuine W. A. Batcholor's llair
n I)ve produces IMM KDIATKLY a splendid
v Black Natural Brown. Does not Stain the
Skin, but leaves the Hair Cb-an, Soft and Beau-
tiful. The only Safe and Perfect Dye. Sold by
all Druggists. Factory, 10 Bond st., New York.
New i ork, jan "Jit?eoly
On Warristgo.?Ilaj'py Belief for Young
Men from tl ll'ei.ts Mf Errors and Abuses in
r_ early life. Manhood restored. Nervous debility
.1 cured. Impediments to Marriage removed. New
method of treatment. New and remarkable 1
remedies. Books and Circulars sent free, in j
scales! envelopes. Address JlOWABD ASSU-
CI;\TH>N, N.?. 2 South Ninth St., Philadoljdiia.
sep 'J?dAiWoin
T/mk* j
AN*IIITK CuBDUKoY.
c- Royal Purple Corduroy, or Corded Velveteen, j
Lo These is<? "1- arc very beautiful and much u-ed
this si-a-'Ui f??r Ladies' and Children'? Sucjues
and Cloaks. KOBT. L. WOOD,
nov 1 No. ?'*2 K ing street. J
(J JUSII FOR J-'KKTiLlZEKrf.
.">00 1)1,1? FT.SIT. eut of order, will be sold
in; very K-w. An excellent opportunity for far
nier- t" sunplv themselves with a cheap and re- i
liable fertilizer. Apply to
31. k'ldridge co.. i
nov 1 No. j South harves.
('s gLIGHTLY DAMAGED 1I00P SKIRTS. J
Those wlic call t:rs*t can select the best. A
chance for a bargain, at
nov 1 __ ROBT. L. "WOOD'S.
VEW YuKK lil'CK WHEAT for ?a!c by
jlm ceo. mcbukney son,
octHO 100 A* 170 King street.
VERTISER
Jt UCTIOJY SALES.
Francis A. Korby,
[Auctioneer and Real Estate Agent,]
TT7JLLL SELL, at public auction, to the high
V T est bidder, in front of the premises, in thi
uty of Alexandria, Ya., on THURSDAY', tin
?th day of November, 1871, at 12 o'clock m., tin
following property, to wit:
No. l.'A H1UCK HOUSE and LOT on m
.lie south side of Princess street, between gjiii
Washington and St. Asaph streets. The lot i:
id feet front and feet 7 inches deep. Tin
louse is a small brick tenement, containiru
ibont six rooms.
No. 2. HOUSE and LOT adjoining No. 1^,
n the east. Both the house and lot are of gjiiji
he same size and character as No. 1
No. 3. A VACANT LOT adjoining No. 2 or
.he east; has a front of 40 by 75 feet deep. A
dot of the above pieces of pmpertv can be soci
it No. 97 King street, Alexandria, Ya.
Terms: One-third of the purehaso money t<
ic paid on the day of sale, and the residue it
wo equal payments at six and twelve month:
Vom said day, with interest, and to be securec
ipon the property by deed of trust.
F. A. KERBY,
nov 1-ts 97 King st., Alexandria, Ya.
'IMtTSTEE SSALE 0F1.M PROVED PROPJL
erty, situated in the town of Occoquan,
I'rince William county, Va.?By virtue of a
leed of trust, dated Jan. 19th. 1858, and recorded
imong the html records for Prince William ro.,
^'a., and bv direction of the parties secured
hereby. I will sell, on THUKSDAY, Nov. 30th,
871, at 2 o'clock n. nr., the following property,
owit: A HOUSE AND LOT, in the town
>f Occoquan,now occupied by Enoch Ilaislip. ?jii?
L'his property is situated at the corner of Comncrcr
and Ellicott stpeets in said town, and it
rnproved by a two story frame house. Ternr:
a.-h. _ FRANCIS 1IANNA, Trustee.
Prince William co., Va., oct 31?lawts
r R EST KK'S s A L E OF TIM BE REE
JL- LA XI).?By virtue of a deed of trust from
Am. II. Butler to Alfred Moss, recorded on tlu
'airfax land records, liber Z. No. 3, folio 414,
he undersigned will, on MONDAY, the Uoth
Iny of November, 1S71, Court day, in front ol
he Court House of Fairfax county, sell, to the
ugliest bidder, SIXTY-TWO ACRES OF
jAND, conveyed by said deed. This land lies
icur Clifton station, and is well timbered, and
s such a very desirable property, R. II. Buter
will take pleasure in showing the property.
Terms: Cash; but arrangements can be made
or a liberal credit. The undersigned, selling a?
rustee, will convey only such title as is vested
>v said deed of tru>t, which is believed to hi
;I?iid. THOMAS MOORE,
Fairfax co., oct lS-wts Sub. Trustee.
A GOOD FARM FOR SALE.?I shall, on
l\ the SIXTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, 1871,
ilfer for sale, before the Court House door ol
'airfnx county, to the highest biilder, that
I'RACTOF LAND formerly the property ol
ledin Ilutehison, adjoining Silas Hutchinson
nd others. This land has an abundance ol
vood, 1= w<dl watered, and susceptible of a high
tate of cultivation, being of the red soil. Title
loyoiul dispute.
Terms ensv, and made known on the day ol
ale. Mr. Silas Hutchison will show this pruprtv
to those desiring to purchase.
M ATTIIE W H A R RISON,
Executor of 13. W. Harrison.
Fairfax Co., oct IS?wts
^ERG EA NT'S SALE.?By virtue of an or^
<!or issued by the Corporation Court of the
:ity of Alexandria, at the July term, 1871, and
o me directed, in the case of Geo. L. Scaton vs.
I. G. YerPlanck, I will soli, at public auction,
n front of the premises, on THURSDAY, the
th day of November, 1871, at 12 o'clock m., all
lie right, title and interest of the said J. G. Ver>lanck,
in the BRICK DWELLING and
iUT occujiied by G. W. Clilford, situated.-Pl&il
n the city of Alexandria, on the west side of
A'ater street, between King and Prince, to the
lighest bidder. Terms cash,
oct '.boots J. M. iSTEUART, Sergeant
TTRUSTEE'S SA LE.?Bv virtue of a deed of
.1. trust from Margaret Hotzel, dated. 21st ol
Vugust, 18<l'.t, recorded in the Land Records ol
'surtax countv. Liber K, No. 4, Folio 197, and
or tlic purpose therein mentioned, I shall oiler
>y public auction, at Fairfax Court House, on
JONDAY, thc2l)th of November next, (thai
icingCourt dny) the TKACT OF LAND in
aid deed described, containing *J3 acres and J.v
inles, it being Lot No. 2 in the division ol
iainuel L. and Susan L. Barnes's real estate.
The above described property lies about two
nilcs north of Clifton in said county, and is vainblu
for its timber consisting principally ol
A'hite Oak. Selling as trustee, 1 shall convey
uch title only as is vested in me, which is beieved
to be unquestionable.
Terms: Cash. Sale to take place between
1 and 12 o'clock. T1I06. R. LOVE,
Fairfax county, oct 1 ??cots Trustee.
B5y Cirei'ii A' Wise,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
Desirable fuofekty on kinost.
FOR SALE.?By virtue of a decree of the
Corporation Court, IV?r the city of Alexandria,
jronouueed at its July term. 1N71, and a decree
t its October term. 1S71, in the suit of A. Morati
s. George Win. Brent et a s., the undersigned,
.s Commissioner, will, by public: auction, in
ront of Green's Mansion House, in the city ol
lexandria, on SATU RI.)A Y, the 2oth day ol
N ovember. 1N71. at 12 o'clock m oiler for sale a
a 1 liable Til REEST<) RY BRICK JlOb'SK^
'ii tin- south side of King street, in the city
T Alexandria, Va., between Fairfax and Roval
I reel s. now iii the possession of A. Moran, heng
twenty feet on King street, and running
?aek south ninety feet.
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase money to
e paid in cash, and the residue to he paid in
lir qua! instalments, payable at six, twelve,
ml eighteen months, with interest from the day
I' sale; bonds with good security to be taken for
lie deferred payments, and the title to be reanted
until they are paid.
GEORGE AYM. BRENT,
net 21?ts Commissioner of Bale.
OT FOIl SALE.
By virtue of :i deed of trust from Ilonry C?>lonan,
datvd the 5tli day of April, 1870, and reordt-d
in liber A, No. -1, folio 1the underigned.
trustee therein named, will oiler for -ale.
y public auction, for cash, on SATURDAY,
In- -1th day of November next, in front of tin
dan-ion House, in the city of Alexandria, at 1:
I'eloek in., a LOT OF GROUND, in the city o]
Vlexaiidria, commencing at a point on the nortl
ule of Wilkr, street 71 feet to the cast of the inerseetion
of West and Wilkes streets, running
hence east Wo feet; thence north 100 feet; thence
Vest ;5o left; theneo South 100 feet to the beginling.
There is a Kit A M E TEN EM ENT Apft
>n said lot nearly completed. Stamps and.JjlM
lonveyancing at the cost of trie purchaser,
Terms One-third cash, and the residue in sij
irid twelve months.
W. ARTHUR TAYLOR.
oct2-lawts Trustee.
II RUST EE'S SALE.?Inpursuanceof a door
of tru=t from lliehard H. Carter to me,
luted November 22d, 18?V>, duly recorded in tin
L'lerk's oflice of the County Court of Fauquier
or purposes therein recited, and at the request o
i.-iid Carter, 1 will offer at public sale, to tin
ligliest bidder, on the 13th OA Y OF NOVEM
HER, 1871. in the town of Upncrville, Fauquie
'ountv. Va.. in front of Law's Hotel, 243;
VCRKS OF LAND, lying near the railroad
x-tween Kectortotvn and Salem, adjoining othei
and of said Carter,also the lands of JollYies, Ct.erback
and Win. Cocke. The same being i
art of tlie farm of said Carter, called '"Crass
and."
It is a very desirable farm, of compact form
ivoil wooded and watered, finely adapted t<
?ra*.? and the production of wheat and corn?ii
i good and healthy neighborhood, and not rn<#r'
than two miles from the depot. It lias on it abou
two miles of ft<?rie fencing.
The improvements consist of two LOG sgr.
DWELLINGS?one new, a stable, corn piij
house arid smoke house.
Terms: liy direction of the parties interested
I am authorized to sell this farm fur one-thin
cash and the residue on a credit of one, two
three and four years. The deferred payments t<
hear interest from day of sale, for which bond
will he required, to be secured by deed of trusl
on the premises, and providing for the paynten
of the interest on each deferred payment an
nually. JOHN* A. CARTER,'Trustee.
1 will convey such titlo as is vested in mo a
trustee, but it is regarded as unquestionable, am
besides tlie trrairtor will unite with me in a dee*
to the purchaser. J. A. C.
Fauquier county, oct 0?2awts
jpjill! FISH!
A choice lot of Gihhed and Split Herrings ju:
received and for sale by
THOMAS PERKY,
rov 1 1G King street.
Jil t'TIO.V SALES.
riiK 17 ST E H S SALE 0 P A V ALU ABLE
X rISIl EKY ON TIIEPOTOMAC HIVER.
Bv virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court for
2 Charles county, Maryland, sitting as a Court of
2 Equity, the undersigned, as trustee, will offer, at
2 public sale, in front of the Mayor's office, in the
city of Alexandria, Ya.. on SATURDAY, the
11th day of November, 1871, between 12 and 1
o'clock in., that FISHERY, on the Potomac
s river, in said county, known as "THORN'S
GUT," of which Samuel Lunt, late of Alexanr
dria, died seized and possessed.
The Fishery, as reserved in the sale of the
farm heretofore made, comprises a lot of land of
several acres at the lower end of the farm, embracing
the HOUSES attached to the Shore, and
i the beach, the entire extent of said farm up tho
L river, with the right of way thereto.
i Terms Tho terms of sale, as proscribed by tho
decree and further decree of the Court in the
premises, are: Onc-lburth of the purchase-moni
ey in cash, or as much more as the purchaser
i may desire to pay, and the remainder in C, 12
1 and 18 months, in equal instalments, to he secured
by tho notes of the purchaser, bearing interest
from the day of sale, with security, to he
approved bv tho trustee.
"JOHN W. MITCHELL, Trusteo.
Charles county, Md., oct 27-cots
VALUABLE TRACT OF LAND FOR
SALE.?Under authority of the decree of
the Circuit Court of Fairfax county, Ya., renI
derod at its November term, Ihfiy. in the suit of
Susan Allison, Guardian, vs. William Allison
ot al., the subscriber, as Commissioner of said
Court, will olfer for sale l>y public auction, to
the highest bidder,on WEDN ESDA Y, the 18th
day of November, 1871, at the front door of tho
Court House of said eountv. at 12 o'clock m.
s TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY ACRES OF
LAND ON TilE POTOMAC, in said county,
near the mouth of the Oecoquan, being that part
of the Sandy Point Earm, which, in the division
of it, was allotted to the widows and heirs of
John W. Allison, deceased.
Terms: One-third cash; the residue in two
equal instalments at six and twelve months from
the day of sale, with interest; bonds of tho purchaser
to be given for the deferred payments,
and title retained assecurity lor their payment.
The property, in the meanwhile, will be for
sale by private contract, and if not thus sold,
will be offered as above.
S. FERGUSON BEACll,
oct 11?f.awts Commissioner.
MARKET FARM FOR SALE.?Pursuant
to a decree of the County Court of Fairfax
s county, rendered at its May term, 1871, in tho
suit of Joseph Bruin use C. L. Mankins against
Thomas Javins the undersigned, the Commissioners
therein named, will olFer at public
auction 011 SATURDAY, Sept. 30, at 12 m., at
Cult's Tavern. West End, that highly cultivated
and valuable M A RK KT FARM, belonging to,
and now in possession of, Thomas Javins, containing
571 acres of land lyingon the Little Riv?r
Turnpike, about 2 miles west of Alexandria. The
laud is highly improved wilhgood buiidings.atul
is a most desirable farm.
1 Terms of sale: Cash, so nnuh as will pay ox.
penses; residue upon a creditor 1,2, and o years,
with interest, to be secured by bonds, with
good security and a deed of trust upon tho
premises. C. W. WAT'l LES.
D. L. SMOOT.
11."W. THOMAS,
Fairfax county, sep 2?lawts C'oniin'rs.
The above sale is postponed until the Gth
1 DAY OF NOVEMBER, first day of Circuit
Court, at Fairfax Court House.
Fairfax county, sep 30-lawts
By Green A W ise,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
COMMISSIONERS' SALE OF PRINCE
J STREET PROPERTY.?In execution of
a decree of the Circuit Court of Alexandria co.,
1 _ l iopu <iw. r..;?
I rcnUuri'U ill ^DVcinucr icrm, inun, in run,
Mary King vs. .John Ji. Woostor, tho undersigned
will ofl'or for sale, at public auction, on
SATURDAY, the lltli day ??f November next,
at 12 o'clock in., in front or the Mansion House,
in the city of Alexandria, a LOT OF il ROUND
in the city of Alexandria, with the THREE*
STORY BRICK HOUSE thereon, bounded jfjjl
as follows: Beginning 02 feet west of Union st.
and 20 feet 10 inches south of Prince street, and
running thence north with a line parallel to
Union street, and binding upon an alley 20 feet
i 10 inches to Prince street; thence along Prince
I street 17 feet 0 incites thence south parallel to
f Unjon street 11 feet !inches, nioreorlcss; thence
west parallel with Prince street lfi feet 0 inches,
i nioreorlcss; thence smith parallel to Union st.
22 feet 1 inches, more or less thence west pural'
lei to Prince street 0 feet -1 inches thence north
parallel with Union street 5 feet 10 inches to tho
southern extremity of a line of board fence separating
the lot from the lino of tlio lot conveyed
by John C. Vowcll to Samuel U. Dcvaugnn;
thence along the said board fence and the wooden
gate eonuected with it, 32 feet 1 inch to the
beginning.
Terms: One third of the purchase money in
cash, and the residue in two cpial instalments at
six and twelve months from the day of sale,
with interest; the purchaser to give his bonds
for the deferred instalments, and the title to be
retained until the purchase money is fully paid.
Stamps and conveyancing at the cost of tho
purchaser.
S. FETWJT7SON BEACII.
\V. ART1IUK TAYLOR,
ont 12-eoU Commissioners of Sale.
Ala k<; e a n i> v a lu a ble fa km, i N
FAIRFAX CO.. NEAR TJIKCTTY OF
A LEX A NOKIA, FoK SA LE.? By virtue of a
decree of tho Circuit Court for the county of
Fairfax, rendered m tins ?inl ??i .mason vs. mason
and others, tin- undersigned, o??ni
i will soil, on SATURDAY, tho 11th day of November
next, at 1*2 o'clock in., in front of tho
Mansion House Hotel, in tno city of Alexandria,
that VALUABLE FA KM, in the county of
Fairfax, within a few miles of the city of Alexandria,
well kn??\vn as the estate of the laic Dr.
K. C. Mason. This desirable farm contains 774
acres, 2 roods and 'J) poles. The soil is very fertile,
a portion of it being rich meadow land. Tho
farm is delightfully situated in an excellent
neighborhood, and adjoining ''Huntley" and
other lands: in a high state of cultivation. The
farm has been divided into three tracts, and will
be sold as a whole or subdivided to suit pur.
chasers.
Terms: One-fourth of the purchase money to
j be paid in cash, and the residue in three equal
instalments at H, 12 and 18 months, with interest
from the day of sale the deferred payments to
f be secun d by the notes of the purchaser, satisi
faetorily endorsed, and the title to be retained
until the purchase money is fully paid. Stamp*
r and conveyancing at the expenseof the purehas;
or. Ji. 0. CLAUtxHTON,
M. J). HALL, Comrn're.
Fairfax county, oot y-Tbiwls
COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VALUA/
RLE REAL ESTATE IN FAIRFAX
COUNTY. By virtue of a decree of theCircuit
Court of Fairfax county, pronounced at the June
term, 180V, in the suit of Grady's administra.
tor vs. James J. Love and others, the under]
signed, commissioner, in said decree named,
will, on MONDAY, the 0th day of November,
1871, that being Circuit Court day, oiler for sale,
to the highest bidder, before the door of the
Court House of Fairfax county, at 12 o'clock in.,
?l l..'ril u"IMln.a\,|| Ivinrs on tl.n
unit, vainm/iv; j iwnji u,.,.,
Germnntown road, in said county, about four
r miles west of Vienna station, and on which Mr.
I Sinktield reside?, containing -Mb ACRES. This
land is improved by a new FRAME DWEL'r
LING, with other buildings; has an abun-feg*
dance of wood, is finely watered, and thcJJiisL
t soil susceptible of easy and rapid improvement.
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase money in
hand on the day of sale, liable to be forfeited
should the purchaser fail to complete his pur t
chase; the residue in thrco e?,ual instalments,
1 payable at six, twelve and eighteen months, with
2 interest from the day of sale, to bo secured by
the notes of the purchaser, and the title to be retained
until the last payment is made. Stumps
and deed at the cost of the purchaser.
MATTHEW HARRISON, Corn, of Salo.
i Fairfax county, sop 27-wts
QERGHANTS SALE.?Iiy virture of an or1
O der issued by the Corporation Court of tho
i City of Alexandria, at the Julv term. 1*71, and
L) t<? me directed in the case of Samuel P. Thornp3
son vs. .John C. MeCracken, I will sell at public
auction in front of the premises on TflUKSHAY
I the btli day of November, 1*71, at 1 o'clock
1'. M., all the right, title and interest (tho same
being the fee simple estate subject to the life in3
terest of his wife Mary MeCracken) of the said
1 John C. MeCracken, in the BRICK.
DWELLING and LOT, occupied by _?jC.
U.M. Monroe, situated in the city of Alexandria,
on the ca-t side of Water street, between King
and Prince streets, to the highest bidder.
Terms ca?h. J. M. STJSUART,
Oct U?eots Sergeant^
Y EW M ACKEREL-Nos. 1, 2 and 3,~by~tho
-LAI bbl or kit, at 147 King street,
oct 30 W. F. BROOKES.