$he ruc o r t hrrnrr.
PAW PAW, MICHIGAN.
NEWS SUMMARY.
Tho East.
Uoosevklt IIosi'iTAL, in Fifth-eighth
utrcot, Now York, was opened on Thursday.
It i9 the gift of James II. Roosevelt, ami cost
m"f ihuii a million of dollars Judge
Noah Davis is reported to have stated that
he hus' nmplo proof that State Senator
Brown, h Republican, in the last session of
the New York Legislature, received $10,000
for voting for the tax levy bill; $10,000 for
voting for all the riug bills $5,000 for vot
ing for the Erie bill, and $4,000 for voting
for tho city charter bill.
Turkk hundred Mormons arrived in New
York on Wednesday, chiefly from Kngland
and Scandinavia, and left the same day for
Utah Stephen Watciman, a member of
the Rhode Island Legislature, shot himself
in the head on Friday morning, at Previ-
llfli o.
William Thompson, the boy switchtender
who pleaded guilty to the charge of man
slaughter, in having caused the accident at
Brill's switch, New Jersey, in July last, was
sentenced on Saturday to three months' im
prisonment and fii:ed $500 The registra
tion v m .ii N w York on Saturday was
23,52;?. fho total registration foots up
252,69-'. Tl: is luii.'ihvr exceeds that of Inst
year by 0 (.2fi. This is tho largest registra
tion ever known in this city. Tho Time
thiuks this year's registration probably in
cludes far less repeating element than that
ol 1870, and believes that the voto will
orae close up to the registry; that the in
crease is due to voters who aro in favor of
reform. It seems that some of the women
of the Wood hull Clallin pcrsuasion,who were
registered, met with no opposition. The
registrators are, however, not quite satisfied
that they have clone right in granting per
mission. One of them is of the opinion that
ho would be liable to a fine of $76 if he con
sented. Another says he would bo liable to
a fine of $500 for refusing. One of the lady
candidates supported her claim to bo placed
upon the list in a lengthy argument backed
up by reference to Scripture. Chas. 0'
Conor states that it is certain that from
three to fix millions will bo recovered from
Twerd. The aiders and abettors of Tweed
are to be proceeded against also. Tweed's
district being 6trongly Democratic, his elec
tion is conceded by a large majority. The
Herald says: "The controlling political
element1? of his district are, according to
Democratic authority, outlaws, vagrants,
loaf-rs, vagabonds, and bummers. They
would probably go for him if he were under
conviction, awaiting his sentence as u rob
ber of the public treasury." Frederick
Douglas has been unanimously nominated
by the Rochester Republicans as candidate
for the Assembly The Philadelphia
Hoard of Health reports an average of four
ken deaths per day from small-pox during
the p-jst week, being a slight increase over
the previous week.
Tho West.
On October 30 Gov. Falmer wrote to Atty.
Gen. Bushnell, directing him to procure the
indictment of Gen. Sheridan, Col. Sherman
and others, engaged in uulawtul proceed
ings, including the killing of Col. Grosveuor,
during the military occupation of Chicago.
Marshall Patrick is preparing fin expe
dition to follow and arrest Rrigham Young.
Reliable reports are to the effect that Young
is moving southward, having eleven wagons
and one hundred armed men, mounted
A young man named Martin was instantly
killed and another seriously injured, by a
falling wall, while working among tho ruins
of the I'rilunc building, in Chicago, on
Wedueday A mob of men in disguise
recently attacked the Saline county, 111.,
jail, overpowered the jailor and released W.
T. and Win. Pickering, who were in con
finement, awaiting trial, on a charge of
murder.
A rtii sT Stringai;i, a brakeman on tho To
ledo, Peoria and Warsaw railroad, was run
ever and killed while attempting to get
uj on the train near Meadws Station, on
Wednesday morning John Ware, twice
convicted of murder in the second degree,
for killing his father, in Camden, N. J., has
been sentenced to be executed on the 10th
ol December The Chicago Times of the
3d int. says: "There are 2,500 wooden
buildings in course of construction in the
burn d district of the North Division, 600 in
the South Division, and 150 in th West Di
vision. At Avon, Fulton county, 111., on
the 22 1 ult., a young man named Amosa
Ransom was shot by a burglar, and died
next evening A bundle addressed to the
Superintendent of the State Fair grounds,
at Du Quoin, 111., was found to contain a
large number of empty pocket-books, which
had been stolen during tho progress of the
fair.
Another detachment of regulars arrived
in Chicago on Saturday to assist in keep
ing the peace of the city Four clerks of
tho Internal Revenue Rureau at Washington
jo west to examine the accounts of tho col
lectors of the several States A Salt Lake
dispatch says a well-known Mormon, writing
from Beaver u- der dato of Oct. 31, says
Brother Brigham arrived here this morn
ing, and, after a rest of about five hours, left
for Saint George, on the southern border of
tho Territory. Ho was escorted by twelve
mounted men of the Nauvso legion. I am
told," says the writer, "that he lias bado a
final adieu to Salt Lake City." This move
ment of Brother Brigham is greatly gitat-
ing the minds of tho people thereabouts
The anv.uut of payments on money orders
at the Post Office in Chicago, on Wednesday
last, amounted to $21,000, the largest sum
ever paid in this way in one day in aoy city
f the country outside of New York.
Immensely rich silver mines have been
discovered eight miles from Prcscott, Ari
zona. The entire population is rushing out
to secure claims.. ....Advices from Southern
Arixona say a reign of terror exists there.
The Indians and Sonorians arc plundering
rains and rancnes, and escaping into aiex:
co wilh their booty.
The South.
A boiler in the Vulcan Iron Works at
South St. Louis exploded at about 10 o'clock
on Monday morning, and half an hour after
another blew up. James Enroy as fatally
scalded and seven or eight others were more
or less seriously injured The crew of the
Mississippi river s'eamer Mary Hyu muti
nied on Monday at Memphis, and attacked
the mate, who shot one named John Killoo,
a negro, twice, wounding him severely. But
for tho arrival of the police tho mate would
have been murdered. Several of tho rioters
were arrc-ted, but the ringleaders escaped.
Washington.
An officer from Georgia has arrived in
Wfihington with a warrant for the arrest of
Gov. Bullock, on tho charge of a misappro-
?riation f State bonds. It is said that
2,000,000 or $3,000,000 are involved Tho
President and Secretary of War and Uen.
Sherman arc engaged in rearranging tho
military departments of the country.
The President has issued a proclamation,
revoking the suspension of the habeas corpus
in Marion county, South Carolina, it having
hen ascertained that unlawful combinations
do not exist there to the extent debcribed in
tSe proclamation suspending Baid writ
The estimates submitted for tho expenses of
the Government for the next fiscal year do
not differ materially from those of last year,
except that the pension list is larger. Tho
net ordinary expenses last year were
$292,000,000 The Commissioner of Pen
sions has returned from his investigation at
Philadelphia, and reports tho defalcation
of Pension Agent Forbes at $32,000. Ho will
bo removed Geo. W. Gritlin, of Ken
tucky, has been appointed United States
Consul at Copenhagen.
Tiik Secretary of the Interior desires it to
bo stated thiol ho had nothing whatever to do
with the publication of tho charges against
Judge Wright in the matter of Indian boun
ties. He says that a rigid investigation is
now in progress, and when a report is made
it will be given to tho public. Until that
time he prefers to express no opinion in re
gard to the case Tho internal revenue
receipts for tbe fiscal year to dato are
$18,900,730 The statement that one of the
larcest holders of Confederate cotton bonds
negotiated through the house of Ellanger k
Co., by tho Southern Confederacy, is the
Right Honorable William Ewart Gladstone,
First Lord of tho Treasury, and Primo Min
ister of England, turns out to bo an error.
The heavy owner is a nephew of Minister
Gladstone, and son of a prominent London
merchant Indian Superintendent Hoag
informs the Indian Bureau that over 300 of
tho Staked Plains Indians came in u few
days ago, and expressed a desire for peace.
More aro coming Tho Comptroller of the
Currency reports that tho resources of all
the National Banks on October 2, excepting
threo banks in Chicago, and one bank in
Indiana, from w'lich reports have been re
ceived, the amount is $1,724,010,722. Num
ber of banks, 1,(563 Tho .instructions of
the President to tho authorities in Utah
were to the ellVct that there should bo a firm
yet judicious enforcement of the law. No
compromise with criminals. Latest reports
from tho flieials represent that all danger
of collision has passed The President has
appointed George II. Boker Minister to
Constantinople Horatio G. Sickies has
been appointed Pension Agent at Philadel
phia. At the next session of Congress, ten or
twelve bill3 will be introduced for the revi
val of American ship-building, which pro
poso to grant subsidies, to tako off tho duty
on all articles that enter into ship-building,
to construct vessels that will suit tho mer
chant service in tinieof peace and thoraval
service in war, etc. It is stated that the
President and the Secretary of tho Treasury,
in their annual messages, will make an
earnest appeal to Congress ftr legislation to
revive our ship-building interests All the
government officials favor the erection of a
public building in Chicago for government
uses, which will be equally as large as any
similar edifice in the couutry. The estim
ated cost of such a building is fixed at
000,000. Tbe Secretary of tho Treasury will
make ihis suggestion in his annual report to
Congress, and it is understood that the Pre
sident will in his next message recommend
Congress to make a liberal appropriation for
tho purpose.
Foreign.
Prf.swe.nt Thiers refusrs to modify his
ultimatum to England regarding tie com
mercial treaty.
The conspiracy in Barcelona, Spain, among
the troops at that station, proves to have been
adeep-laid plan of the Internationale. Three
large bombs were discovered in a position
where they evidently had been placed with
tho intention of exploding the magazine, the
consummation of which plot, it is probable,
would have involved the destruction of
thousand? of lives President Thiers, ac
companied by the Ministers of War and
Marine, will lay the corner stone of the
projected military establishment at Rouen
on the 27th inst The British mail steamer
Venezuela took firo at sea on the voysgo
from Liverpool. he flames wero extin
guished on reaching the harbor of Santa
Martlin by scuttling the forward part of the
vessel and submerging one of the water
tight compartments. The fire lasted thirty
one hours.
TnK New York Tribune's London letter, of
Oct. 21, says: Nothing would be better
proof of the English interest in Chicago
than the extraordinary efforts of the Lon
don press to get early and full accounts. A
sharp lookout was kept for the Java at
Queenstown, bringing tho New York papers
of the 11th. Newspaper reporters went oil'
in a steam tug, caught her some distanco
out at sea, got the papers, and this morning
we have from three to six columns in each
of the mornintr journals The New York
Sun doubts whether Alexis is coming here
at all. It says that the Russian Admiral is
bound on a general voyage ol observation,
and has full authority to go where he li .es.
His going to Madras show's that it is not his
purpose to visit the United States at present.
President Thiers is uncertain of his
tenure of life, and has made his political
will, hoping to secure the succession of the
Presidency forCasimirc Periere ihe liap-
pel is again published, and advocates the
claims ot Victor Hugo for tho Presidency.
.Intelligence has been received oi the en
tire suppression of tho insurrection in Al
geria The Italian Government contem
plates the fortification cf the Alpine passes,
at a co3t of some 7,000,000 rancs.
Tho amount received at tho Mansion
House, in London, up to Saturday evening,
for tho benefit of tho Chicago sufferers, was
46,500. Contributions continue to bo re
ceived from individual donors, and from
committees in provincial cities and towns.
The London Telegraph prints a special
dispatch from Paris, stating that a plot
against tho government of Spain has been
discovered in that city Tho trial of those
members of tho Communo who have been
held under a charge of being ircctly con
cerned in tho murder of tho Versaillist Gen
erals Lecompto and Thomas, during tho first
days of the insurrection in Paris, was begun
Saturday Letters from Paris say that tho
oircring to Washburnc, on Thursday, was a
ve y agreeable affair. The dinner and tea
services wero of fino silver, tho product of
American mines, and of American manufac
ture, presented by a largo number of Amer
ican gentlemen. An anpropr ato address
was delivered, to which Mr. Washburn re
plied in a few graceful remarks, in the
course of which he complimented Colonel
Hoffman and other members of his diploma
tic household Victor Hugo has made a
second visit to Thiers to procure the pardon.
ot iienn liocuefort. I he Trcsident received
him kindly, but declined to interfere Tho
Communist Qucsnel has been convicted of
firing buildings in Paris, and sentenced to
death San Domingo advices say that the
rcvolutionaiy army in two bodies is prepar
ing to attack tho town of Azna. President
Bacz is visiting the towns in the northern
provinces.
The emigration returns of the port of Liv
erpool, for tho month of October, show a
total of 14,303 departures for tho United
States Tho British expedition for tho ob
servation of tho total eclipse of the sun on
tho 17th of December prox., has arrived at
wie isiana oi Alalia.
The following epitaph is from a ceme
tery in Cape May county, New Jersey
MARY JANE,
Aged 11 yrs. 8 mos.
She was not smart, h was not fair.
But hearts with grief for her arc iwelliu';
All empty stand her little chair
She died of eatin' watcnnelin.
FXC ITEM EXT IX C1IIXA.
Sminc r Ielulon Fol elgner Charged w Itli
(irrulutlns a Dinbollcnl Medicine.
From the New York Kveniug Fort.
Hosa Kong, September 1, 1871.
Tho present mail will inform you of
the "Genii Powder excitement. Pla
cards have suddenly appeared in the
most important localities in Canton pro
vince, charging foreigner with having
concocted a diabolical medicine, which
causes tho bowels and feet of tho victim
to swell up within some twenty-fivo days
after it is taken, unless the patient will
consent to enter tho Roman Catholic
Church
The medicine is said to bo circulated
in all quarters at foreign expense,
through t he agency of Buddhist nuns,
old women and various sorts of hawkers
and peddlers. Persons are induced to
partake by the representation that a
pestilence is impending, from which
immunity can be secured only by a dose
ol the powder. If, when a swelling be
gins, they refuse to become Catholic
they die, and report has it that somo
twenty thousand persons have already
perished.
Of course, the excitement caused
among an ignorant and sujerstitious
people by such a story is by no means
trilling. As a consequence, trouble and
blood died have followed. A poor China
man was killed in the streets of Canton
by an excited mob on suspicion of deal
ing in this powder. A woman was killed
in tho Yamun, and a man was executed
by the Viceroy on the same ground.
Sharp dispatches by the Consuls have
been followed by proclamations by tho
Viceioy and Provincial Judge. The
latter orders the people to maintain
order, under the severest penalties, but
at the same time they assume the cor
rectness of the report that such a pow
der is in circulation. As a reward is
offered for anyone found engaged in its
distribution, and as the ollicial retros
pects of the matter do not allirm the
falsity of the charges regarding foreign
ers, tho impression remains on tho
minds of tho people that they are ac
tually guilty. It is, therefore, clearly a
matter of question whether tho harm
does not surpass tho good.
The origin and design of these pla
cards demand the gravest inquiry. To
pass them over as mere ebullitions of
ignorance, which cease to do evil after
a lull intervenes, is to practice political
quackery, of which we may some day
bo tho victims. First of all, be it ob
served, these placards are a common
agency of stirring up a popular commo
tion, Mid placards against foreigners
have been known ever since the old
Hong days of Canton. What distin
guishes the present movement is the
extent of territory over which it pro
vails, and the homogenity of plan
indicates extraordinary facilities for
attaining a common understanding and
concert of action.
Two theories are advanced to explain
the movement. By some it is regarded
as a part of a plan to overthrow the
Tartar dynasty, by embroiling them
with foreigners. And it is by no means
an ill-chosen agency for that purpose,
as I shall point out hereafter. By
others it is looked upon as a most in
genious device of the mandarins to
implant a deeper dislike of tho foreigner
in the minds of the common people,
and there is an abundance of testimony
in favor of this opinion. The manipu
lations of Chinese state craft have a
special end to accomplish at the present
time. The treaties are to be revised,
vnd the inland residence question is to
be discussed. The Chinese are bent on
refusing that demand. The Earl of
Clarendon, moved by the representa
tions of Mr. Burlingame, gave various
classes of foreigners a rebuke for not
paying more deference to the wishes
and prejudices of the people. The
Chinese had these papers translated,
and took the hint, and the mandarins
are now manufacturing a public opinion
bitterly hostile to the residence ol
foreigners inland.
No less than four German missionar
ies living in inland towns have been
driven back to Canton or Hong Kong,
whilo their houses have been looted
and destroyed. Since the British Cabi
net has ordered that the prejudices of
the Chinese should be respected (and
which is all right enough in itself), the
Chinese have resolved that there shall
be an increased multitude of prejudices
to bo respected. You will hear of
course, that the ostentatious vermillion
tipped proclamations are posted up
after the placards, and tho placards will
be pulled down, and you will be told
to infer that all is moving on as before.
The inference will by no means be just.
The mischief intended will be fully
accomplished. A condition of public
sentiment will be superinduced which
may lie passive and dormant enough
when not needed, but which can be
utilized hereafter if deemed desirable
by the crafty mandarin8. Let not the
public bo deceived by any syren song or
mandarin desire for closer relations
with the West. We are drifting in the
direction of war rather than of peace.
Latest from the Hartford Fire Insur
ance Companies.
Extract from a t-rlvatf letter dated October 2, from
a citizen of Hartfortl, Conn.
The terrible fires of course absorb at
tention, and little else is talked or
thought of. Hartford will bear her share
of the burden, both in the way of con
tributions and insurance, and will, I
think, do it manfully. The smoke has
not cleared away sufficiently yet for our
insurance companies to make a reliable
estimate of losses, but so much is known
as will probably extinguish all but threo
theEtna, Hartford, and Pluenix. The
Etna's lo.-s ii variously estimated at
from two to five million, and she is
driven to a reduction of capital stock
fifty per cent. The Hartford will lose
probably about $1,200,000; the Pluenix,
$1,500,000; and both may be driven to
reduction, with the -.Etna. The North
American, Merchants', City,"
Connecticut," Charter Oak and
"Putnam" will (more than likely) "go
by the board." It has been understood
that the 11 Merchants'," "City" and
"Connecticut," would be carried over
by their stockholders, but I heard to-day
that their losses were so much greater
than at first estimated, they would bo
closed up. The Futnam" folks have
talked of paying as far as their assets
would go, and starting again under a
new name Tho Brother Johnathan
(euphonious to say the least); whether
it i3 fully decided upon, I Am unable to
say. It is much to be regretted that so
many valuablo franchises must bo given
up."
The Philosophy of Our (Jreat Fires.
Vrorn the New Y rk Herald.
Buckle's theory of moral and crimi
nal epidemics seems to find a new illus
tration in the large series of startling
disasters which have occurred iu this
country within tho present year. The
same calamities have revived the great
question of tho Middle Ages, as to
whether fire or pestilenco was the des
troying angel of the ancient Hebrews.
But as this is not tho time for abstract
discussion wo need make no further no
tice of those points than toiemarkthat
with us fire, in one form or another, has
been tho chief destroyer; but much
mischief as it has done, it is not so bad
as an epidemic pestilence. This it were
easy to show by referring to the devas
tations of the plague, as described by
the most reliable historians, ancient and
modem. The ruin produced even at
Chicago would seem very slight if com
pared with the scourgings inflicted on
Athens, Home, Marseilles, Florence and
London, without either fire or steam,
battering ram, or cannon.
None will deny, on reflection, that it
is better that one hundred and fifty
millions' worth of property, or three
hundred millions' worth, should be des
troyed, than that two-thirds, one-half,
one-third, or even one tenth of the in
habitants of a populous city should be
put to death in such a manner as to
render them loathsome to those to
whom they are most dear. That to
largo a proportion as two-thirds of the
population of a great city should be
destroyed may seem incredible but we
need not go beyond Florence for an ex
ample, and Florence was thus stricken
down in the days of her greatest glory.
Then, as to the moral elfect of those
scourges on the survivors, all the great
fires of the world have not produced so
much demoralization. It was in order
to illustrate this, and not to make any
exhibition of his courage or contempt
of death, that Archimedes uttered his
famous apothegm. When informed
that Syracuse, the beloved city ho had
saved more than once by his learning
and genius, was in flames, and that lie
would soon be consumed if ho did not
immediately seek refuge in llight, the
only reply of tho philosopher was,
That is true, for it is the nature of fire
to act in a circle."
There is much more science and phi
losophy in this brief remark of Archi
medes than is apparent at first view; it
is also more applicable to existing cir
cumstances. Whatever may have been
the immediate causes of our great fires
and great explosions, both the latter
have occurred in accordance with laws
which were as much in force in Sicily
two thousand years ago as they are to
day in the United States. If there
were not insurance companies then to
bo defrauded by means of the incen
diary torch, a certain class of people
coveted their neighbors' share quite as
much as the same class do now and
nothing except perhaps high ollicial
position affords a more favorable op
portunity for peculation than a great
lire in a wealthy city.
If it be denied that incendiaries, like
other malefactors, act in a circle, on the
Archimedean principle; if the progress
of science in our time requires that we
go beyond the surface of things to dis
cover the causes of so many great igne
ous catastrophies, is there nst fire
enough in the earth still to destroy
dozens of cities? Precisely because we
claim to be a scientific and thoughtful
people we ought to remember that ex
tensive forests, and even mountains, in
a state of conflagration are no new
phenomena. It it is not proved that
forests have taken fire spontaneously
during unusually hot summersin Russia
and other parts of the world, it is be
yond dispute that the slightest accident
lias set them on fire. Upon the other
hand, the intense cold and almost per
petual snow of Iceland cannot cool its
boiling springs.
It may bo asked why should either
the solar heat or the terrestrial heat be
come so much more intense and destruc
tive this year in certain parts of this
country than it has ever been known to
be before? But tho simplest treatise
on geology will answer the question. It
is only necessary to bear in mind that
the internal sea of liquid fire is con
stantly advancing in one part and re
ceding in the other exactly as the ex
ternal ocean does. This may account
for the increased or diminished tem
perature in any locality, without assum
ing that tho solar heat has undergone
any change. It was in accordance with
this law that Sir Charles Lyell found tho
temperature of the northern shore of
Lake Superior considerably higher than
that of tho southern shore at mid
winter. Then it seems the tendency of
the igneous sea was towards the Cana
dian shore. If it now evinces more
partiality for our western country, there
is nothing in tho fact that ought to
overwhelm us with astonishment. True,
this theory does not account for disas
ters like the explosion of the Staten
Island ferry boat; but having explained
that phenomenon on a former occasion,
we need not alludo to it any further
now than to observe that the Westfield
catastrophe also was the result of
natural causes, those causes assuming
in this case the forms of avarice, greed,
ignorance, dilapidation, lust, etc.
Since it is at least possible, according
to the best scientific authorities, that
the great fires in our Western country
have thus been produced without mal
ice or any human agency, it is as well
to regard them in that light as to at
tribute them to tho love of plunder. If
men have been hung from lamp posts
as incendiaries at Chicago, that is no
proof that they wero such. In times of
great public suffering and excitement
the most innocent are liable to be made
victims. Hundreds have been execut
ed for poisoning wells in ancient and
modern times, when tho only poison
used was that of tho pestilence. Ac
cordingly, while the conflagration was
raging in Chicago, a man who was poor
and unknown was in as much danger,
if placed in circumstances that excited
suspicions against him, as a poor, old,
wrinkled woman was in Salem in witch
burning times. As it does not follow
that, because certain persons wero
burned for witchcraft; they wero
witches, so it does not follow that, be
cause certain persons have been hanged
or otherwise maltreated at Chicago for
incendiarism, they wero really incendi
aries. Nor is it fair to accuse tho Jews
merely because they entertain certain
views as to the propriety of Christians,
or because they aro supposed to have a
stronger lust of gain and less principle
than other sects or nationalities. Tho
race, which has numbered its years by
its captivities, has suffered so much in
other parts of tho world without any
adequate cause that even their misfor
tunes should shield them from indis
criminate accusations in a countiy at
once so enlightened and so fond of
"fair play" as ours. If individuals be
longing to any sect or nationality are
found to have taken any voluntary part
in producing so much ruin and devasta
tion, let them receive tho most severe
punishment which the law prescribes
for so base and fiendish a crime. But
the dogma of visiting the sins of the
fathers upon tho children, or those of
the children upon tho fathers, does not
belong to our time or country, and it is
the duty of every good, intelligent citi
zen to oppose it, as much more danger
ous, as well as more illogical, than that
of Papal infallibility the dogma which
causes mo-t noise and docs least good
at tlio present day.
There have been much more destruc
tive fires th n even that of Chicago.
Such have occurred at Constantinople,
Copenhagen, Naples and London. Be
sides tho almost incredible number of
persons burned during one of the great
fires of London (11242), threo thousand
were drowned in tho Thames. If our
limited spice permitted, we could pre
sent still more startling facts; but were
it otherwise, were our fires the most
destructive that have ever occurred,
there would be no use in whining over
them. Tho finest part of every great
city is that built on the site of a great
conflagration. Thero is, however, one
point of view in which the Chicago fire
is distinguished above all others, of an
cient or modern times. No other fire,
indeed, no calamity of any kind has
created so noble and universal an out
burst of substantial sympathy. This is
one fact which tho American historian
of the present day may record with
pride, not only as an honor to our civ
ilization, but as an example to the good
and generous of future ages.
THE XASBY LETTERS.
MR. NASBY AT TUE NEW YORK DEMOCRATIC
STATE CONVENTION THE TART MR.TWEEU
TOOK. IN IT HOW THE l'LTPETS WERE
WORKED AND WHO WORKED THEM.
From tbe Toledo Made.
Con fedkrit X Uoads,
(Wicu is is th k State uv Kentccky,)
October 14, 1871.
I am in tho sere and yaller leaf, and
hev seen much uv politics, but never in
my life did I ever see a convention so
beautifully managed ez the late Demo
cratic Convenshun at Rochester, Noo
York. I wuz there by the speshul invi
tation uv my old time friend, Dennis
O'Shaughncssy, uv the Sixth Ward, Noo
York, who, sence I left tho Harp uv
Erin saloon, hez improved wonderfully
in a worldly point uv view. He wuz
then a hod carrier by profession and a
repeater by practice. He attracted the
attention uv Mr. Tweed by zeal in rotin
and his bravery in knockin down oppo
sition voters, and wuz uv course reward
ed. He is now assistant inspector uv
musket triggers uv the ninth regimental
armory, at a salary uv $300 per month,
skool inspector in the sixth ward at a
salary uv $100 per month, and thirty
second assistant law adviser for condem
min private property, at a salary uv
.'J,000 per year, besides which he hez a
tenth interest in the contract for koepin
the glass in repair uv the two back win
dows uv two armories, out uv which he
made 10,000 in the first six months.
He wuz to hev bed the contrack for the
two front winders in addition, but the
raid the people made onto the ring bust
ed that. lie hez, however, invested
largely in city lots, and wears kid gloves,
and a diamond ez big ez a peach stone.
Dennis sed that cf the infernal Ameri
cans and (jermans ken be beat down,
and the control of Noo York left with
the Irish, where it belongs, he will be
tolerably well olf in a year or two.
Dennis being uv consequence in tho
party, wuz, uv course, in tho private
counsels uv the managers uv the Stato
Convenshun. He and Tweed, Sweeney,
Connolly, Mayor Hall, Keyser, (larvey,
and the entire convocashun wuz at
Rochester, though nobody knowed it.
T.iey went in a speshel private car, and
lied rooms at the Osborne House, with
a telegraph wire runniu directly to the
hall intowich tho convenshun wuz held.
It wuz the most impressive scene I ever
witnessed on wich these old eyes will
probably never look onto agin. Ther in
an esy chair sot one man directin tho
deliberashens uv a convenshun uv the
great State uv Noo York one brain
thinkin fora thousand one handguidin
a thousand. He directed the conven
shun to cheer when Seymour's name
wuz announced ez a delegate, and they
cheered ho directed em to reject tho
Tammany dclogadiun from the city, and
they wuz rejected he directed em to do
everything that wuz done.
My dear sir," sed I, in astonishment
at the power he wielded, why don't
you go over to the hall and direct the
convenshun
My gentle sir," retorted he, with a
bland smile, ez he dictated a message
directin the convenshun to cheer when
the rejection uv the Tammany delegates
wuz announced, my dear sir, I am
there I There's a hundred uv my hats
a goin up to the ceilin this minit
there's two hundrod uv wy hands a clap
pin vociferously at this minit. There's
a great many uv me in that hall."
After the adjournment uv the conven
shun for dinner, the chairman uv the
committee on resolushens came into the
room to submit the resolooshen they
bed prepared, that they mite be shoor
they wood meet Mr. Tweed's idees. The
great man read em attentively, and
handed uv em back.
They won't do," he said senten
t ion sly,
"In what respeck are they faulty?"
asked the chairman, obsequiously.
Wooden t it be well enough," said
Tweed, with a smile still more bland
than the first, to put in a reolooslien
denouncin corruption, in general term,
uv course, specify in rertikerlv, however,
the espeshel corrupshen uv the nashncl
governentj and that uv States wich is
under radikle control
The sublimity of sicha sejestion cotnin
from Tweed struck the chairman all u?
heap.
Certainly, I will, ef yoo wish it," sed
ho but 1 spozed that is, my idee
wuz in a general way, yoo know that
the least sed about corrupshen, in view
uv well, I am jist now holdin a plac
wich pays suthin like ten thou but
never mind, it shel be done."
"Then agin," sed Tweed, smilin still
blander, and with the faintest sejo-dion
uv a twinkle in his left eye, I wood
sejest that yoo pledgo the Democratic
party to a honest and economical ex
penditoor uv the public funds."
The chairman turned pale with sur
prise, but he coincided. Everybody co
incides with Tweed.
And while yoo an at it," continued
the great chieftain, with a smile, tha
blandnis uv wich can't be described,
"you bed better put in a m-olooshcn
denounsin the prolligacy uv tho man
agement uv matters in Noo York city,
but makin it, mind yoo, the result ut
Hadikle legislashen four years a'0.
Draw up this resolooshen so ez to make
it plain that it's mo you're drivin at,
without exactly namin me. It's much
better to hev the corrupshen denounced
by us than tho enemy, pertikerly ez wo
know more definitely about it. And I
wood sejest that yoo hev a resolooshen
boldly ehallengin a comparison between
tho Republikin and Democrat adminis
trations uv the Stato and city govern
ments and (here he smiled with a
blandnis wich wuz heavenly, ez he fin
gered a magnificent diamond on the lit
tle finger uv his left hand and sipped a
glass uv champagne) any little thing
wich yoo kin throw in ez to the necessity
uv a return to the .simplicity uv our Pu
ritan fathers, wood bo well."
The chairman wuz too much affected
to say a word, but ho made the necessary
notes, and, eastin one look uv astonish
ment at tho greatness uv his chief, who
sat there smilin blandly, retired from
the presence.
But the great man's work wuz not yet
done. He promptly telegrafl't every
prominent Democratic editor and politi
cian in the State to denounce him in tho
bitterest terms, and then tellin the con
venshun who to nominate and what to
do, went home.
There is a greatness and a grandeur in
this man which I can't sufficiently ad
mire. Some men wood be so puftcd up
with the possession uv the twenty-five
millions which ho hez made ez to insist
upon an indorsement by tho party
through which he made it but not so
with Tweed. There ain't no vanity
about him. So long ez he hez the con
trol uv the party, he don't care a cent
whether he is publicly recognized or not.
Ez he remarkt to me, Ef tho way to my
continuashen in power is in denunsia
shen uv me, very good, denounce mo I
kin stand it. I ain't the first man who,
to get on, hez trampled on the dead
body uv his own reputashen. I'd jest ez
soon pull the wires behind tho curtain
ez to manipulate the puppets in front uv
it. I ain't a goin to let personal vanity
stand in tho way uv the great success
I'm hopin for next year. I'm a rather
heavy load for the party to carry jest
now, and I'm goin to releeve thorn till
after the Presidenshel eleckshun."
Then I saw wat motive wuz actooatin
the Amerikin Napoleon, and I wuz agin
lost in wonder. Whoever the Demo
cratic nominee is, he will simply be a
shadder, uv wicli Tweed will bo the sub
stance. Tweed will bo the power behind
the throne, wich is greater than th
throne itself. And wat a glorious pros
peck opens to us! Think uv a Demo
cratic President in liS73, with Tweed be
nindhim! Think uv Tweed makin
collectors, and assessors, and postmas
ters, and all uv em bein responsible solely
to him. Ef he hez made himself a Cree
sus, and his friends likewise, out uv the
revenues uv one city, wat will he do
wen ho hez the nashen to bleed?
I shel to wunst cultivate pleasant re
la.shuns with Tweed.
Petroleum V. Nasdv,
(Wich wuz Postmaster.)
Flour Without Millstones.
At a recent meeting of tho British
Association for tho Advancement of
Science, a paper descriptive of a new
mill for grinding wheat without mill
stones was read. According to the de
scription this mill reduces the wheat by
percussion, while it is unsupported and
falling freely, or being projected through
tho air. The wheat, in passing through
the machine, is struck by a series of
bars moving at an immense peed in
opposite directions it is thus instanta
neously reduced to a state ready for
bolting, no injurious heat being caused,
and tho flour produced is of much su
perior quality to that obtained by ordi
nary grinding, while the cost of its pro
duction is considerably less. One of
theso machines, in its perfected state, is
in full operation in Edinburgh, and
realizes all the advantages claimed for
it. These advantages are, the very light
and rarely needed repairs it requires
compared with millstones; tho fewer
men required and consequent saving in
wages j the exemption from loss by
scorching the small ground and space
occupied and the much less driving
power needed.
Edible Insects.
It is probable that famine and star
vation, caused by the terrible ravages of
armies of locusts, first caused the insect
invaders themselves to be eaten. As
they were found to be nutritious and
not unpalatable, they came in this way
to be considered a staple article of diet.
Tho earliest Asiatic anil African history
informs us of their use as food, and
they are thus occasionally mentioned
in Grecian annals. The Arabs and Af
ricans now consume them In tho great
est quantities. They are gathered from
the trees where they alight, or brought
down when Hying low by making a
dense smoke. They aro then roasted
with salt in an underground oven,
bruised, and put away for use. For the
table they aro pulverized and made into
a pudding, or, divested of their heads,
wings, and Ieg, aro boiled in water or
in oil. They resemble in consistence
and flavor the yolks of hard-boiled eggs,
and various English travelers agree that
they are very good eating.
"ScnENECTADr ivioh" i the latest'for
red hair. Can you net e that Schen
ectady is a liftls fr.et.f twK-n?
The Khedive of Kop consented
to retain about one hW ef lh Ameri
can officers in hU aertuv,