THE SPIRIT OF DEMOCRACY.
lll'NKY II. WKST, Publisher and
Proprietor.
URNICY It. WEST,
JI3RK. WILMAM4.
HdiJors.
Woof's Held. Oct. 10, 1871.
union of hearts, a union of hands,
A uuion that nono may sever;
A union of lakes, a union of lands,
The' Amehicas Union Forever.."
'ST Address nil Idlers':
i'SThS Stikit ok DemockVCY'
i Woirtstt'eld, 1
Monroe County,
a--,'. .1. Ohio.
Tlie Eleciion. ,r'"':
''t V' I-..
.jTbe.cleeUou which takes place to-day
in Ohio, will certainly rcsulf in the tn
unVpli of llie Democratic State tioket,pro
vided tlie party polls it full strength.
.TIia fliaiirrrr.mi nviaf.intT in till Rif"J.
tal party on the temperance, tariff and
reform issues,ivanant us in predicting a
Democratic Legislature in addition to
the election of our State ticker, which
wittv'next vintcr,elcct a Democratic Uni
tad:SUtes Senator.
iW,.lril1iD.n.l:ii 4lin ftw.f ?n ,1.!..
cain.fjaTgn the Democrats have forced the
Radicals to assume the defensive, alt the
advantages gained will be lost if we fail
to poll .our full strength The Adminis
tration lm been pressed and punished
severely so much so, indeed, that Sec
retaries Boctweix and Kobeson were
sent to Ohio to defend the Radicals and
their corruption. But thsir defense was
exceedingly lame and only further con
vinced the Teople of the trnthfulness of
.the, damaging charges made by Pexdle-
-c'ratic aneakcra...
-lr. W;. s
Scaeca Stone Cnlldlnji Assocla-
f Ati investigation into the affairs of the
Seneca Stone Building Association, of
,!Washington C4ty, shows that Company
is to be. composed of some of the prin--oifal'-oifieiaia
'of the United States.-
Awooj- Xwm. are such names as the fol
lowing, with the amount of stock they
own: President Grant, $18,000; Gov.
II: D. Cuok, $24,000; Paymaster Gene
ral Brice, $14,000; Surgeon General
a 4 rrr r r i
,:iiarnes, oi.i,ouu; "quartermaster uenerai
Meigs,$ 19,000; Gen. Dent,$8,000; Gen.
Babcotk, $10,000- John W. Forney.SS,
000.
n be oeneca quarry is only a few mires
rrom Washington City, ana was Uonglit
a few years ago for $70 Since Gov
ernment ring has been madcxif it, the
property is not for sale at any price.
This stone is now the only building ma
terial used in any of the public works
here. The most of the stock owned by
the above officers was presented to them
as a business investment by the original
owner. V-
There the People have a picture of the
greed of the officials in power. -The
idea of the President speculating off of
the Peopie of the United States shows
his extreme littleness. Would Presi
dents Washington, Jefferson or Mon
roe have been guilty of such a thing
Ko.-..,iuey- would have icil sucu curiy
work to the lobby thieves.
AlYall Street Operator,
It was formerly the fashion to regard
t w i 1 1 1
,j.reasurj jujmi tiueiu as hue wcjwai
tory of. the public money; its accounts
were faithfully kept, and its statements
of receipts and expenditures were truth
fijind easily understood. Thebeoks
obc", Register.Treasurer and. Secretary
agreed- precisely -aa. to amounts.; vThe
irtJDutation' ;of discrepancy in the ac-
coonb; or the public runda would uave
startled the) country. Now,' however,
Uie (Secretary of the Treasury is a Wall
street' operatora dealer ia gold and
stocks he sits at the board of brokers,
with the 'public purso in hfs hand, ready
'to buy orv sell, according to his judg
ment .of the situation. Wlule he is busy
witU these speculations, the Department
takes care of itsclf,and we defy the most
:ipinpetent accountant to determine irom
the books of the Treasury ,or the Gnance
reports,the actual amount of tho receipts,
.expenditures, or public debt.
.j! Another Radical Arrested.
'i-'Bcports come here from Georgia
that Foster Blodgett, Radical. Senator
olcct of that Slate, has been arrested on
tho charge of fraud;,!') conhpction with
certain railroad- transactions. The
amount illegitimately appropriated by
this individual is variously estimated at
from $30,000 to $40,000." Telegram
fiyki Washington.
"''iBLODGETr, we believe, is connected
with Simon Cameron, and other bright
lights of the present Adiniuidtration, in
dwindling the State of Georgia out of
the revenues derived from her railroads.
They ought to all be arrested and made
lo disgorge.
,-"Tln the .new apportionment for
Members, of .Congress, the late slave
bo'.ding States will gain two.Illinois two,
Iowa trtie, Kansas one, Michigau one,
Minnesota one, Missouri two, New Jer
sey one, and Wisconsin-one.
New England will lose six members,
New York three; Ohio two, Kentucky
one aud Pennsylvania two
'Tlie number of Representatives will
be" two hundred and forty one.
How Frauds are Fruuduieutly En
domed.
The election in Texas last week is a fair
example of the infamous means to which
a gang of plunderers are capable of re
sorting in order to prevent the people
from reforming their government
Governor Davis ol that State, a short
time before the election, issued a procla
mation dictating how the election should j
be held. The following paragraphs will
sufficiently indicate the ch:flactcr of the j
whole villainous document
All Voters arc to deposit their bnI!ot"t
with the lenst possible delay, arid after
this U done they sre forbidden, under any
pretext, to remain about 'he polls or at
the cointy scat (unless this is their resi
denec) during the elf ci ion, but shall re-lu-n
to tlieir homes and Usual employ
ments; and peace ollicers, State Gmrd
troops left on foot bv the Republican
State government in defiance of the con
titutional inhibition on any State keep
ing a standing army in time of peace, or
militia on duty at the polls shall see that
this regulation is complied with.
Ni-Xt it is ordained that 'All persons
are forbidden to shout, jeer at, or in any
way insult or annoy voters or candidates
for office during the registration and elec
tion," the constables, militia and State
troops to enforce this also.
Next the decree reads --All gathering,
combination, or assembling of pi rsons in
numbers at or nca the county sea" durin
the time registration is being mad'.'.or thi
election is going on, and for the purpose
of intimidating voters, is forbidden, and
should any such gathering, combination,
or assembly take place in any county, it
shall be presumed that .the same is for
said purpose of intimidating voters, what
ever might be alleged by such persous as
the pretext thereof, and peace officers.
State Guard, and militia qn duty in such
county are directed to disperse such per
sons." Under this siecies of despotism even
a funeral procession would be presumed
to be assembled for the purpose of intim
idating Voters, and Davis militia would
be bound to disperse it. This tool of
Grant regards the people as having no
more rights than dogs, and exercises the
authority to drive them ;out. of ever
county seat in the State,,
Of course, under thU infamous edict
none but Davis tools could remain near
the voting places to see what monstrous
frauds were perpetrated. It is worse than
a farce to call such a proceeding an elec
tion y,
We have not yet learned the result of
this gross outrage, but if the Democrats
have carried one or two Congressional
districts it is only because Grant's man
Davis could not get militia villainous
enough to-carry out his devilish designs.
By such vile frauds it is made to appear
in the elections that the people endorse
and approve the frauds perpetrated upon
their trcasuii's.
Grant Sustains a Corrupt Govcr
nor,
"The President still refuses to remove
Gov. Salamon, of Washington Territo
ry, who was recently implicated in using
the money obtained by the defalcation of
the Receiver of Public Moneys there.
The delegate from. the Territory ha3
asked for his removal, and Senator Nye
now tarns up with a candidate for the
place." j
Such men as Salamon arc the reliance
of the Grant Administration?' 'Tis
not to the iiitercst of the party in power''
to removes them. They might divulge.
X3rlt is no very violent assumption'
which represents the President as eager
for a r'enomination. Political intriguers
like Morton, Forney, Cameron, Murphy,
and Conkhng, arc not among his inti
mate advisers for nothing.-
We hope the Republican press will
see to it that the President gets no peace
till this particular rascal (Murphy) is re
legated to private life The Nation.
When this -'particular rascal" aud the
other "political intriguers" and "inti
mate advisers" have been 'relegated to
private life," then the President must
soon follow.
STUver one thousand men are now
employed in the Philadelphia Navy
Yard. This would all be very well if
there was any real necessity for it. But
the truth is, that these vote3 will be
needed by the Radicals at the ensuing
w
election, and hence there is a pretense
that the repair of vessels there is abso
lutely necessary, lue worK requires
men, and tho men vote, What matters
it that the overburdened tax-payers have
to foot the bills, so long as this corrupt
Radical party can keep itself in power
JKfA Tax payers' Conyention,recent-
ly held in Florida, cites as the fruit of
carpet bag rule, the fact that the amount
to be collected in taxes this' year is near
ly $1,000,000, equal to one-eleventh of
the total -personal property valuation of
the State In lSGO.thc whole amount of
taxes collected in Florida ws9 'Sll7,8p8
85. The difference is made, up by Rad
ical stealings. iMpf-i!
ISTThe foul smelling cQTtiiptton of
4. U
many. Radical leaders is sometimes tod
much for even the Well inuiedtio3trils of
Greeley. Iu a late numbejtne Trib
une he says:
"We will not, any hottest paper will
not, make war upon the'-'Tammany
thieves.and spare worse criminals in our
party, holding our highest offices. 1
jTSTThc total number of immigrants
of all kinds arriving in the United States
during the year endiug' June 30, 1871,
was 321,350, of whom 190,428 were
males. The number from England was
56,530 Ireland 57,439 ;Seotland 11,984;
Germany 82,554; Sweden 10.G99.
i
"Ia 1860 the Indian population was
44,021.. In 1870 it was reduced to 25,-
731. The Chinese population in 1860
was 34,933. By the census of 1870 the
number is reported 63,254.
8TIg Czar of Russia has issued an
order whereby the, existing institutions
foi instructing women, in midwifery are
to be enlarged in every possible direc
tion. Further, "considering the great
utility of the Sisters of Mercy iu hos
pitals," women arc to be allowed to act
as surgeons, to vaccinate, and to be em
ployed as chemists. They are to have
every facility and assistance iu all edu
cational establishments. Women 'are
also to bo admitted as "signal women"
in the telegraph departments they may
be employed as accountants, and may
he placed in the female institutions sub
ject to the Emperor's own chancellery
Adding- Insult to Injury.
Governor Davis, of Texas,- has re
ccntly furnished convincing evidence of
what at least one leading Radical thinks
of t he robbed and helpless tax payers.
A Convention of these victims of Rad
iol rapacity w;is recently held in the
Capitol at Austin, and among other pro
ceedings they entered an earnest protest
against the unbridled corruptions of
their State government After they had
adjourned, the tyrant and buffoon whom j
Radical bayonets nnl frauds have made
Governor of that Sla'c. called a meeting
ttt which he delivered a hiranue, con
cluding thus
In olden limes, w'ic'.i te np'es devo
ted to worship had become defiled by the
wickedness of the people.it w.is the cus
tom of the high priests o(Iloialin therein
to form in procession and march around
the temple, singing psalms and scatter
ing incense as they proceeded. O.ir
.Capitol to night require cleansing from
the pollution cast upon it by the sitting
therein of the body styled the Tax-payers'
Convention. My friends, wc have
fti't the Incense to scatter around the
Capitol, but let us form in procession
and march around this building, and as
we do so sing 'John Brown's body,
though mouldering in the grave,his soul
keeps marching on,' and -Rally Round
the Flag, Boys.'
Accordingly a procession was formed,
the Governor and Speaker of the House
heading it, aud they went tramping
around the building, staging "tTohn
Brown's "body."
The only meaning tliat can be attribu
ted to this clownish lirocceding is that
these licensed plunderers desired to show
their contempt and disd iin of the rob
bed and harassed people whose burdens
were growing insupportable.
This Davis is an ardent supporter of
Grant; and of course Grant is a zeal
ous supporter or Davis; consequently
the latter has plenty of bayonets at his
backhand can afford to despise the com
plaints of Ids helpless constituents. r
ludlrcct.TaxatOn Direct Robbc
;,;:,,,V,...:; n.
The Newark, N. J Daily Journal,
showing ''How a Protective Tariff R bs
the People," illustrates the effect of the
tariff in giving domestic manufacturers
an opportunity to enhaucc their prices
"1 nc effect on our own pockets is the
same as if it were a direct tax. If wc
had to pay this in-direct tax like we pay
our county and city taxes," pur tax re
ceipts would read something in this man
ner
Mr. Jo'm Smith, to tho United St.ites, Dll.
For having consumed 8100 worth
of foreign goods, $50
Tq tha.manufacturini' Companies,' Bit.
For having consume $150 worth
of domestic goods, $S0
""Such -a tix, by direct taxation, could
never be collected in this country; and
Vet the effect in beggaring the poor for
the benefit of the rich is the same on
families and on the country. If Mr.
Capital steals from Mr. Labor fifty cents
everv night in the year, at the end of the
year lie will nave stolen $$lo3 ou. it
matters not whether -ou know or not
that you have been robbed, you are just
that much poorer. If the robber would
make a direct demand for this money
you wouia snoot mm it you got a
chance."
Our Ilardea,
From an article in the Cincinnati
Commercial on Tax Reform, we clip the
following suggestive paragraph
"Uur burdens or taxation for the past
ten years have been so enormous as to
excite the incredulity of other countries,
and even the wonder of our own. Du
ring the ten years ending June 30, 1S71,
the aggregate income of the govern
ment from all sources, excepting loans
and treasury notes, was $3,379,So4,000,
an average of about 8338,000,000 per
annum -being average 2er capita of over
$9 for every mau,woman aud child,black
or white, yellow orcopper-colored.in the
nation. for some years of the time, wc
were unable to collect any tax from the
large territory in rebellion, thus inoreas
Ing the per capita average among, the
population of the Northern States. The
greatest revenue of any smgle year of
the ten included in the above statement
was 8558,000,000 in 18G5, being about
815 50 per capita of the entire popula
tion of the States and Territories."
A Convention .Scene.
The following Bcene in the New York
Radical State Convention last week, at
Syracuse, is from the pen of a reporter
who was present
"Chairs and table legs .were freely
used by the defenders of the citadel,and
fists and canes by the attacking party.
At last one of the latter drew a pistol,
but before he could use it he was felled
to the floor by a blow from the back of
one of: the iron seats, laying his cheek
open tind pnttmg him hors da combat.
'iToere were cries of 'Put down those
pistols,' 'Don't shoot,'. 'Kill the son of a
nrv.'KUl him,' 'Blow hU'i braiBS out,'
'Open the door,' 'Not a d d one of you
will get in,V 'You'll all get in,'.Cr Ljac
ulations more expressive .than elegant
were indulged in until the place seemed
worse than Bedlam."
Mr, Bonner
on the
Trot.
Milwaukee
i From the New. York Ledger.
Some of the daily-papers have report
ed that Goldsmith Maid has trotted a
mile in .5.17... Everybody knows that
she never saw the day she could do that
Without running; but even if she had
done it, it would leave her behind Dex
ter, for he trotted, in the presence of ten
thousand people, in 2.16, although beat
en in" that race by a running horse, who
made 2.10, and therefore got the record.
From the Spirit of the Times.
She will never be Dexter's equal, in
our opinion, until bhe can in a race with
a trotter or runner and running mate su
perior to her in speed, trot a mile in 2m.
16s., on the Fashion Course, and repeat
it in 2m 17s.
jfcyThe following is a statement of
the United States currency outstanding
at the close of the mouth of September
United States notes. Old issue, $93,
056 25 United States notes, new issue,
8165,379,523 United States notes, issue
of 1869, 8190,720,477; one-year five per
cent notes, 8121.107 two-year five per
cent notcs,$41,852 50; two-year live per
cent coupon notes, 833,3a2 t0; com
pound interest notes, $768,600; frac
tional currency, first issue, $4,413,909
Co fractional currency .second issue,$3,
218,046 73; fractional currency, third
issue, $5,041,978 60; fractional curren
cy, fourth issue, $25,893,240 09 total,
$395,625,143 32.
A story hat be?n extensive!)- circulated
tbat iirigadier-iienerul Robert Anderson
is so poor tbat he cannot afford to hire' a
servant in his sickness. General Ander
son' is retired asa brigadier-general, and
receives 4,125 per annum,
TBLLIUO EXrKACrS.
An Argn m pnt In Rrlcl'lty a Gallant
Leader ol the Ohio Democracy,
To the EJitor of the Ohio StatMnun:
Plain truths and facts like the follow
ing from Hon. George 11. Pendleton's
sneech at Lovcland, in iy be allowed to
appear more than once to the public eye,
and read bv all parties at this tune. As 1
was said of Homer
"Head onrfe an! you uccd rc id rn m ire,
All other books appear no moan, so poor;
Ver.-.e may seem pro..c, but persist anl read.
And Il-jnior will bj all the books von need."
So o this tiuthftil extract Tax-pay- j
crs, an 1 every o;ie else interested i.i the
cause of good government, read it and
ponder it well, and you need real no
more tm this subject taxation. And
such a view i3 well worthy of the head
ana heart of the author. JIkdicus.
"Our taxation iseq ialto twenty-five
per cent, of all the eaYuings of all the
intellect and all the ingenuity and labor
of every maa and woman and child in
the country. It is not true that nothing
could have saved us from the ruin of this
policy except the unparalleled fertility
of our soil and the wonderful energy
and activity of our people? This whole
policy in all ite features, its contractions
of currency, establishment of banlis,l'un
ding of the debt, purchasing of the
bonds, paying them in gold, taxations
aud tariffs, is in the interest of capital
a;id to the injury of labor, and one and
all of these measures are designed to,
and do, in fact, benefit the capitalists at
the expense of the working masses,
"No country in tha world has a sys
tem so OHCioHS as our internal revenue
system It is unequal,unjst and inquis
itorial. It ka3 rendered revenue affida
vits suspected as "dicer's oaths It has
made perjury and bribery comraou.if not
respectable. It has filled the land with
spies and informers and pimps, who
have imposed upon-honesty the burdens
Irom which vice has corruptly bought
exemption. It has realized the time,
'When knaves and fools o'er all prevail
And weigh out justice in a golden scale'
Again, says Mr. Pendleton
"Two 3ears ago, Mr. Sherman said
he did not understand the difference be
tween a tariff for rcveuue and a tariff for
protection. His perceptions have been
quickeued. lie sees the difference now,
aud he promises, most faithfully, that if
you will but give his party lougcr power,
and himself another term, he will see
that all these evils are remedied and the
rates reduced. Mr. Sherman, you have
had twelve years in which to do all this,
and one full term since the war. leu
want another term. Your promises come
uuder a suspicious guise, and thc' arc
now 'too late.'. This manifesto says
this system 'promotes corruption iu leg
islation and plunder in high places.'
That is true.
"The whole sj-stem of the Republican
party produces this result I will not
trace the means the result is before ns.
The legislation of Congress on taxation
and tariffs, banks aud rr.ilroads, is con
trolled by rings, and influenced by raou-
ey ou political questions, on ivu jyiux
bdls, on the San Domingo treaties, by
the interference of the President and
bribery of his patronage. Public offi
ces are purchased by presents or award
ed to medy relatives. Detalcations are
as frequent as the weeks.and neither res-
titu'i ni is enforced nor punishment awar
ded. Corruption hides not its head in
secret places, but flaunts itself iu the
public gaze.
'The Former Sent of Government.
Gen. Grant will arrive here on Tues
day morning. He will remain about
twentj'-foar hours; then go to. .Galena,
from whence he will proceed to vash
ington, the former scat of Government.
Chicago Jiepublican.
"The former scat of Government 13
good. For the last three months he has
been lounging at Long Branch, smoking
cigars, drinking whisky, drrving last
horses, receiving prcsents.appointiug re
lations to office, laying the ropes for a
renomination, paying no attention; to
the interests of the people, aud amusing
himself generally while a large majority-of
his subordinates have been howl
ing "Ku Klux," and stealing themselves
rich iu every part of the country..
Paul Pioneer.
The Annexation ot Mexico.
New York, October 2. Reliable in
formation has been received here that
there exists a wide-spread organization
of Ex Confederate officers, soldiers and
politicians, including, also, many per
sons who served in the Federal arni3r,
whose purpose is to bring about the
annexation of Mexico, peaceably if they
can, forcibly if they must. This organ
ization expects to secure the annexation
of Mexico within five years. Joseph
E. Johnson, the famous Confederate
General, is chief of the organization;
Rosccrans is in sympathy with the move
ment, and John A Logan is also named
a8 one of the prominent members. It
is believed that Juaraz himself is not
unfriendly to the objects sought The
demand for annexation is to begin in
Mexico. Newspapers advocating the
cause will soon be started there and the
coming winter will see the fruits of a
movement long contemplated, but only
now about to be sprung upon tho two
Republics.-,
From the Washineton Patriot, 80th ult.
The Price ot a Consulate.
Mr. George Roosevelt, a clerk in the
Interior Department, appeared in the
Criminal Uourt on lhursday last as a
witness in the case of the Government
against Dennis Darden, and testified, as
follows: ,i
"I am a clerk under the Government
in the Interior Department: have been
so for about five years.
was seeking for a position, and I was
introduced to John McCarthy as a lob
byist I wanted a consulship, but I had
not money enough I had only about
one hundred and fifty dollars.
"Judge Fisher. How much money
does it take to get a consulate
"Three hundred dollars.
"What consulate did you apply for
"Pernambuco, Brazil.
"That is a small consulate,
"It is worth 82,000, in gold, a year.
"How much did you lend him
"Two or three hundred dollai-3."
Secretary Fish to Retire from the
State Department.
Secretary Fish has stated to one of
his official associates that he will posi
tively retire from the State Department
alter the .November elections, although
the President is still urgent to have him
remain. When Mr. Fish s retirement
was first spoken of some months ago it
seemed to be very generally understood
here that Senator Morton, of Indiana.
would succeed him. Now, however,
Morton seems to have been set aside.
New York demands that one of her cit
izens shall continue in the State Depart
ment, and the name now most promi
nently mentioned is that of Andrew D.
White, of Cornell University. Mr.
White was a member of the San Do
mingo Commission, and presided over
the late Radical Convention at Syracuse.
He will be supported by the Conkling
and Murphy wing of the party. Wash
ington Patriot.
J i...
I 'I'ni-rllilA Hcrail'ill
In
Atii'llit-astcm UiNtoiislii.
riirce Thousand Square J Mile
turned OverOne lliltidre.l
Families Ilomelesx tVild Ilea!x
of tlie Hoods Flecin? lit all Di
rections, Milwaukee,
October
4. A special
correspondence to the Dai
y News to
thc fires in
iwy tvom ureen my says
the woods, winch have been raging be
tween there and Iviko Michigan, have
i extended across Fox river, and cover a
j strip of thirLy miles wide in Shawana
and Oconto cmritic, and the lnroe Imn
bcriug towns of Marinette and Peshligo
are threatened with destruction. The
fi, es are now rntrins over three thousand
square miles ot territory. One hundred
families are burned out of house and
home, and
the reftigoes arc in Green
I iy and other towns, and at least one
hundred other families are in an equally
bad condition. Houses, barns, firnl
houses, bridges fences, and absolutely
every thing has been swept away. Pine
forests arc destroyed, and bears and
other wild beasts have been driven in
dismay from the woods, and are fleeing
in every direction across the fields. The
entire population, are fighting the fires
without success,' and many have fallen
down suffocated by the smoke and heat,
and been carriad by their comrades to
places of safety. All the supplies of
food for men and beasts throughout at
least lifiy townships have been destroy
ed, and starvation during the coming
winter stares them iu the face.
Greek Bat, Wis., Oct. 4. The fires
wlych arc now prevailing in six or sev
eft of the northeastern counties of Wis
consin have never had a parallel since
the settlement of the country. The
drouth which has prevailed since carlj
in August has driel up the 6prings,
streams and vegetation, and has parch
ed to such a depth below the surface
that the soil itself acts as a conductor,
and living trees arc falling from the ac
tion of the lire, which undermines them
all. Outstanding property is swept
away, there being so little water in avail
able situations with which to 6top the
fire. Barns and their contents, bay
stacks, corn, wood and other propert),
together with hundreds of miles of
fences, arc burned.
No check can be offered to the ap
proaching fire3. There is yet no account
of the loss of life,' although a family in
Kennell couuty and some Indians are
reported burned. The hardest fights
against the flames are made at many
saw mills, which are located among the
pine forests in this region, but many of
them have been burned. All the force
which could be obtained from adjacent
places has been called to the assistance
of the mills and settlements in some
cases with success, but in many i others
the work has been so long and so har
assing, and the men arc so exhausted,
that the contest has been given up. In
places where there was no water, the
only available plan has been to dig
trenches around the property, but the
least wind carries large flames of burn
ing bark through the air and renders
such a measure useless.
WASSILYGTOX.
Tho Killing of General Clanton,
A gentleman has just arrived here
from Knoxvilie who witnessed the kill
ing of Gen. Clanton, ofAlabaraa. He
says the impression prevails among all
who witnessed the deed that it was a de
liberate murder. Gen. Clanton was at
the depot with a party of gentlemen,
waitiug to take the train for Chattanoo
ga, among the party was Mr. Fort of
the opposing counsel of the Alabama
and Chattanooga Railroad case, who in
vited Gen Clanton to take a drink. He
accepted the invitation, and both started
for a saloon near by, when they were
nut by youug Nelson. Mr. Fort intro
duced Gen. Clanton, and Nelson invi
ting the latter to accompany them. Mr.
JNelson proposed going to a private
place where he know they could get
good liquor, but Gen. Clanton objected,
saying he had only a few minutes to
catch the train.
Nelson You are not afraid, are you
Clanton No, sir.
Nelson Well, I think you are, and
denounce you as a coward.
.Clanton -If you, think so just step
out into the street, measure off ten
paces, and we Will test it
Instead of doing so. Nelsott Stepped
into a store, seized a double-barreled
shot gun, advanced into the street, and
fired one barrel at Gen. Clanton, which
missed him. The second shot took ef
fect," twenty buckshot lodging in the
right breast of Clanton, killing him in
stantly. Nelson immediately mounted
his horse and escaped. Only eight min
utes elapsed between the time of the in
troduction of Nelson to Clanton and
the killing of the latter.
A Smallpox Remedy.
A correspondent of the Stockton
(Cal.) Herald, writes as follows:
herewith append a receipt which has
been used to my knowlcdgedn hundreds
of cases. It will prevent or cure small
pox though the pittings are filling. When
Renner discovered cowpox in England,
the world of science hurled an avalanche
upon his head, but when the most sci
entific school of medicine in the world
mat or rans published this recipe
as a panacea for small-pox, it passed
unheeded. It is as unfailing as fate,
ana conquers in every instance, it is
harmless when taken by a well person
It will also cure scarlet fever. Here-is
the receipt as I have used It, and cured
my children of scarlet fever here it is
as I have used it to cure smallpox when
learned physicians said the patient must
die, it cured Sulphate of zinc, one
grain foxglove (digitalis), one grain
half a teaspoonful of water. When
thoroughly mixed, add four ounces of
water. Take a spoonful every hour.
.hither disease will disappear in 12 hours.
For a child, smaller dtses, according to
ago. If countries would compel their
physicians to use this, there would be
no need of pesthouses. If you value
alvice and experience, use this for that
terrible disease.
XA11 through the South at this
time hundreds, yea, thousands, of re
spectable citizens are dragged from their
homes and taken hundreds of miles to
the State capital, thefe to answer before
United States Courts and packed juries
of carpet-baggers and negroes trumped
up cliarges of private and political ma
levolence against them by the adherents
of the party in power. Our Southern
exchanges are full of incidents illustra
ting the brutality of the proceedings
Since tlie days of Judge Jeffrey .nothing
like this in atrocity has been witnessed.
Cin.Enq.
"The Sclma Times, of the 28th
ult, says of the late General Clanton
"In all Alabama he leaves behind him
no one so admired, so trusted, so loved.
In the walks of private life, at the bar,
iu the Counsels of the Stato, on the field
of bloody strife, he was everywhere
faithful to the petty weaknesses of les
ser men, ever prompt to meet responsi
bilities, and "under all circumstances
without fear and without reproach."
A Fcai lul Daloon Accident.
On last Saturday evening, the 30lh
ult, near Paoli,
Orange
County, Ind.,
jim. Wilbur matte arrangements lor a
balloon ascension. He was to be ac
companied by George II. Knapp, the
editor of the Orange County Union.
Just as they were about getting in the
balloon the cords gave way and they
made a spring for the car, but only suc
ceeded iil grasping the ropes. As the
balloon rose Knapp let go and feil at a
height of about thirty feet without se
rious injury! Vivf. Wilbur held on and
attempted to climb into the basket, but
was unable to do so and the balloon
shot up rapidly with the aeronaut cling
ing below. The spectators were thrilled
with horror at the terrible scene which
ended in a dreadful manner. At the
height of about one mile the doomed
man loosed his hold and came whirling
to the earth. At the height he had at
tained he looked like a small stick about
a foot long. As he approached earth
he was coming down feet foremost, then
he spread out horizontally then doubled
up and turned over, then straightened
out, head downward. As he struck the
earth he fell upon his head and back.
His head was mashed into an indistin
guishable mass, and his body was bruis
ed and crushed horribly. The concuss
ion was so great that half a gallon of
clotted blood was thrown from "his
mouth. The body made an indenture
in the ground eight inches deep, and re
bounded to about four feet from where
it struck. To add to the painful char
acter of the accident, the Professor's
young wife and little daughter were on
the ground and witnessed the terrible
affair.
Scbiirz's Op inion ol Grnnt.
Wherever in the West President
Grant has gone, he has felt the wither
ing effect of Carl Schurz's denunciations.
The cold shoulder is turned on the
Great Reticent in a manner that makes
him shudder for his chances in the com
ing Republican Convention. Schurz
says of the Gift Taker
"I will not help to re elect an officer
whose re election, sanctioning his pre
vious acts with popular approval, will
be a justification and encouragement to
all future Presidents in committing acts
of usurpation still farther reaching. I
will not help in paying the way to the
advent of irresponsible personal gov
ernment in this republic and when I
am told that by such opposition other
grave interests may be jeopardized, l
answer that I am very, doubtful whether
the wanton levity with which our Presi
dents arc to be permitted to play with
the peace and honor of our people, and
the general, ..decay, sL .constitutional
notions, do not constitute, iu their ine
vitable consequences, as great a clanger,
and perhaps even greater, than any now
within sight
3TThe way we "protect American
labor" is shown in the prices at which
three of the leading sewing-machines
are sold in the United States and Eng
land
Price in Eng. In the U. S
Wheeler Wilson, $45 00 $S5 00
New Singer, 32 50 G5 00
Elias Howe, 35 00 05 00
The above prices are for exactly the
same classes of machines as sold in both
countries. This is according to the
sworn affidavit, in Cleveland, Ohio, of
G. W. Wilson, the President of the
Wilson Sewing-machine Company.
Those who buy and use sewing-machines
would do well to make a note of this
fact. The reason of the difference in
price is the Cost of the material that
enters into the construction of the ma
chine. That difference is produced by
a high tariff for the benefit of certain
interests favored by the Republican par
ty.
m
Consumption of Liquor in Great
Britain.
Lord John Russell, in a speech made
at the Conference of the "National Un
ion for the Suppression of Intemper
ance," over which he presided, said that
during the five years endiug with 1870,
the temperate British people spent for
intoxicating liquors the nice little sum
of 514,840,345 about twenty five hun
dred millions of dollars. TI113 amount
is about three limes as large as the an
nual income of all the railways of the
United Kingdom twice as large as the
capital of all the savings banks half as
large ng;un as lh national revenues for
the w hole time, and fifty times as large
as the collective income of all the re
ligious aud philanthropic societies in
the country. We are sorry to add on
the authority of the same competent
witness, that the working classes pay by
far the greater share of this enormous
sum. The calculations given are made
from the amount of liquor which pay
duty.
From the N. Y. Sun, Radical
Tbe Grant and Murpn-r Ticket,
The ticket nominated by the Repub
lican State Convention at Syracuse is
the weakest one ever put .before the peo
ple of this State for twenty-five years.
Last year Grant and Murphy over
come Horace Greeley and" Reuben E.
Fenton in the Convention by the use of
money. They nominated Stewart L.
Woodford for Governor. It was proved
that he had been concerned with Apple
ton Oaksmith, the slave trader, and he
was so badly beaten that iie has. never
been heard of since.
This year, and by the same corrupt
means, Grant and Murphy have proved
too much for Greelyand Fenton again
and they have put up a set of political
nobodies, and when election day comes
these nobodies will be nowhere. What
a ticket!
JKFor the past six yoars tho South
ern States have been converted into an
arena of robbery, presenting a spectacle
of fraud and corruption perhaps unex
ampled in the history of the world yet
Southern born men have had little to do
with it. Your true Southerner, if he
has sense enough to get an office, has
too much honor to 6teal, In all my ex
perience as correspondent of the Com
mercial, in the different Southern States,
I have found the worst thieves, the
most insatiate robbers, to be Northern
men. There has been more stolen in
South Carolina, or Louisiana, since the
war, than in all the Southern States put
together from the revolution in 1S60.
Cor. C'in. Com.
STThe Boston Traveller says a gen
tleman of that city, while traveling in
Europe, had his watch stolen from him
in Vienna, and offered a reward equal
to fifty dollars in our money. The watch
did not appear, and when returning to
ward America, he left his name and ad
dress and the number of his watch. A
year has since gone, and he gave up all
hope of ever seeing it when a lew daj-s
ago his watch came to him 'in Boston,
the only charge upon it being: one of
fifty cents for express transportatior
from New lork. The thief had been
arrested in Vienna, the watch found up
on him, and forwarded by tho city gov
ernment of Vienna free of charg) to
tnis city.
The Insolence of Ofllce.
The New York Times tells that a Fed-
cral detective recently entered the store
oi a respectable tobacco merchant in
that city, demanding to see his sales
book for 1869, which "was not in the
store at the time. Being refused, he
tdrealencd to break open the safe, and,
being insolert, was ejected from the
store, whereupon, in the evening, the
olficcr arrested the merchant and his
porter and marched them, hand-culTcd
together, through the street to jail,
where they passed the night. In the
morning they were again handcuffed to
gether, and marched through the street
to the office of a United States Com
missioner, by whom they were released
on boil From that time to the present
counsel for defendant has not been able
to procure an examination, but only an
ex parte hearing was had before the
Commissioner, at which only the testi
mony of the prosecution was taken.
Be it remembered, this United States
detective holds no commission from the
Government, and yet he is able to pro1
cure the arrest of merchants, have Ihem
handcuffed, and marched in that condi
tion through the public streets like com
mon felons, and all to gratify his spite.
It is simply the second growth of the
seeds of ihsolcn'ce and arbitrary power
that class of persons had sown in them
by Stanton, when at the head of the
War Department. If the war is over,
these United Slates detectives don't
think their importance terminated with
it. Enquirer.
Carpet-Slag Stealing.
,We published a few days ago a state
ment of the aggregate debt binding on
the Southern States, showing that it had
been increased since the war closed, un
der carpet bag rule, for which the Radi
cal party is directly responsible, the en
ormous amount of two hundred and
twenty-six millions of dollars. There
is nothing substantial in the shape of
increased wealth to show lor ail this.
It has been simply stolen. This sum
gives but a poor idea of the actual bur
dens thejmpoverished South has been
compelled to bear,' 1 The rate of county
taxation is simply incredible, and would
not be believed," if we had not official
data to go upon. Take Mississippi, for
instance. The county taxation assessed
in 1800 was 8384,908. In 1870, with
an assessable list of only $177,278,888,
agsinst the sum of 8509,472,912, the
rate was $2,170,993. How the people
are able to bear this, seems to us a mys
tery. But the case of Louisiana is still
worse, and the work of pillage and ra
pine seems lo have been carried on
without conscience or stint.
In 1860 the valuation of property in
Louisiana was $435,787,265, and the
county taxation was $440,i38. In 1870
while the taxable property was reduced
to $243,870,274, the parish taxation was
84,109,999.
'lhis is the case with, other Slates
where the carpet-bag thieves are in pow
er. Is it any wonder that capital avoids
investment ia the South, where taxation
amounts to confiscation, or that we oc
casionally hear of a thief being lynched
A similar state of robbery in Ohio,
with redress denied at the ballot box,
and the scoundrels upheld by Federal
bayonets, aud half the telegraph poles
iu the State would bear human fruit.
jT3TA young Jewess of Baltimore
named Miss Bottie Jacobs, eloped re"
cently with a Gentile named Allman.
The fugitives were married at Wash-
ington, and proceeded to Alexandria for
a quiet honeymoon. The father traced
them up to the hotel and was conducted
up to tueir room. As the door was
opeaei the bride exclaimed:. Father,
we are legally married," and then burst
into tears. The lather upbraided her
for her act, and forbade her to call him
father again, as- she had disgraced both
him and her mother. A dialogue was
carried on between the two amid cries
and sobs, which was only interrupted
wheu-the landlord declared that it was
attracting too much attention, and must
cease The father turned to go, and as
he did so cast a fond look at his daugh
ter, ard to her frantic '.'Good bye, fa
ther," said "I will go home, put crape
on my hat, and mark you on the re
cord, -Died September 19, 1871.'" And
thus they separated. f
Brlgham Young, the Head Polys
anilst Under Arrest-Troops Concentrating-
at Camp Douglas,
Salt Lake, October 3. Brigham
Young was too ill to appear in court this
morning, and his arraignment,therefore,
is postponed. He remains at his resi
dence, in custody of the United States
Deputy Marshals. The arrest has cre
ated some sensation, but no popular ex
citement. General H. A. Morris, formerly in
command here, arrived last night under
orders to report at Camp Douglas. He
was welcomed on the 6treets to-day en
thusiastically. A company of cavalry
from Fort Steele and a full battery from
Fort Halleck are expected here to-morrow.
About five hundred troops are
now in camp
The Coffee Crop
An importer of coffee in New" York
publishes a letter, in which he states
that there has been a considerable fall
ing off in the production of coffee this
season. The three principal coffee re
gions are Brazil, Java and Ceylon. The
Brazillian crop has declined from 480,
000,000 to 200,000,000 of pounds, und
the Java crop from 170,000,000 to 106,
000,000 of pounds. Of the Ceylon crop
there- is no accurate data. He adds that
there is no lack of supply yet felt, but
that the ultimate effect of these deficien
cies has already been covered through
out the world by a rise of price.
43"Governor Reed," says the Flor
idian, "has been absent from the State
for some two months or more, on what
business no one seems to know. There
is now, and has been for some time, a
little bunch of carpet-bag adventures in"
New York, who are concocting a raid
on the State in the shape of bonds,scrip,
and lands. If the Governor is watch
ing these swindlers for the purpose of
thwarting their schemes of plunder,
very well but it is more than probable,
judging from his antecedents, that he is
one of which
STTwo farmers, named William Sil
vus and Lester Wines, got into a quar
rel on the 28th ult, in Athens couuty,
which resulted in a fatal 6tabbing, in
which Silvus stabbed Wines in the neck
so severely that he died almost instantly.
The cause of the quarrel was the divis
ion of crop of corn grown on the farm
of Silvus. Both gentlemen were resi
dents of Alexander township, Athens
county. Mr. Silvus is about seventy
years of age, and is a highly respected
citizen. Mr. Wines was also of a good
family. He leaves a wife and one child.
Commutation of Rochefort' Sen
tence.
Paris, October 2 It is stated that
Victor Hugo has urged President Thiers
to use bis influence anA endeavor to ob
tain commutation of Rochefort's sen
tence of life imprisonment in Colossal
fortress, and Thiers has consented.
A R E M I JS D Elt
To Debilitated Pemiiig. to Dyspeptics, to Suf
ferers from Liver Complaint, to those harinff
no Appetite, to thow? with Broken Down Con-
stitutions. to Nervous people, to Children WmP
lag Away, to any with Debilitated DifTWtivt
Orgnns, or tuffring trith any of tfte foUoililii
smnptomn, which indicate Disordered Liter W'
Stomach.
fueli as Con
utipatitm.tnward Piles, Fullness or
Blood to the He-id, Acid- T
Ity of tbe stomach. Nan
sea, Heartburn, Disgust for
Food, Fullness or Weight In the
Stomach, Boar Krncitations, Sink-
ing 'or Fluttering at the Pit of the
Stomach, Swimaiiug of the Head, Hot-
rled and Difficult Breathing.Flotterin g at
the Heart. Choking or Suffocating Sensa-,
tions, when in a Lying Posture, Dimness
Vision, Dots or webs before the Siht, Fe
ver and Dull Pain in the Head, DeScien
cy'ol Perspiration, Yellowne.'s of the('?
Skin and Eyes, Pain fn the 8id; 1 -Eack
Chest, Limbs, &o Sudden
Flushes of Heat, Burning in f
the FlRfh, Constant Im-'
agininga of Evil and r
Great Depression r
of Spirits,
Ilooftand's German Bitters.'
A Bitlert without Alcohol or Spirits f any kind
Ia different from all others. It is composed
bf the pure Juices, or Vital Principle.
Of R6ot, Herbs and narks, (or as
medicinally termed ExtraoU.) the worthless
or iiftrt portions of the ingredients not being 1
tifed. Therefore in bhe Bottle of this Bitters
there is contained as milch medicinal virtni)
as will be found in several gallons of ordinary -mixtures.
-The Roots. Ac, need in this Bit
ters are grown in Germany, their 'Vital prin j'
ciples extracted in that Jountry by aslp'
tine Chemist, and forwarded to the; manufae
tory in this city, where they are compounded
and bottled. Containing no spirituous ingre
dients, this Bitters is free from the objection
urged against all others; no desire for stimu
lants can be induced from their use, they can
not make drunkards, and cannot'nnder any
circumstanoes.have any but a beneficial effeob
IIoo Ha lid'K German Towlc
Was' compounded for these not Inclined W -extreme
bitters, and is intended for as in
cases when some alcoholic stimulant is re
quired in connection villi the Tonio proper,
ties ot the Bitters, combined with pure 8AN;
TA CRUZ RUil, and flavored in suou a mao,
ner that the extreme bitterness, of the bKteri
is overcome, forming .a. preparation that U
highly agreeable and pleasant to the palate,
and containing the medicinal virtues of the j
Bitters... The price-of the Tonio is $1 -50 per
bottle, which many persons think,. too highly
They must take into consideration that the"
stimulant used is guaranteed to be of a pur'j
quality. A poor article could be furnishei
at a cheaper price, but is.it not better to pay
a little more and have a good article? A mu
dicinal preparation should contain' none bat.
the best. ingredients; and they- who expe-t to
obtain a cheap compound, and be benefitted 1
by it, will most certainly be cheated,
t? j :i l
H O OT l'A'N,D'..
German Jiitler, Ilooflandt German Tonic,
with Iloofiand's Podophyllin Pill, 1
will cure you,
Thev are thf. 'Greatest Blood J'urifieri
Known to the Medical world, and will eradl-
bate diseases arising from impure blood. De
bility of the Digestive Organs, or Diseased
Liver in a shorter time than any other known
remedies.
The Whole Supreme Court of Pa
Speak for these Remedies.
Who would ask or more Dignified and Stronger
Testimony?
Has. Geokob W. Woodward, formerly Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsyl
vania, at present member of Congress front
Pennsylvania, write:
Philadelphia, March 16, 1867.
I find "Hoofland's German Bitters' it ,a
good tonio, useful in diseases of the digestive
organs, and of great benefit in oases of de-
bility and want of nervous aotion in the sti-
tern. Yours, truly, Geo. W. WooDwAan. r
Ilod. James Thompson, Chief Justice of the;.
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania:
Philadelphia, April 28, 1867,
J consider "Hoofland's German Bitters"
valuable medicine in case of attacks of Indl
gestion or Dyspepsia. I can certify this tronj
my experience of it. Yours, with respect.
James Thohpso.
Eon. George csharswood, Justice of the Su
preme Coart of Pennsylvania, 11
Philadelphia, June 1, 1867 b
I have found by experience that "Hooi
land's German Bitters" is a very good tonio,
relieving dvepep'.ie symptoms almost directly.
t ii Gbqkgb Sbabswoob. -j-f
Hon, Wm. F. Rogers, Mayor of the city of
Buffalo, N. Y:
Mayor's Office, Buffalo, June 22, 1869.' J
I have used "Hoofland's German Bitten anl
Tonio" in my family during the past year .and
can recommend them as an exoellent tonic)
Imparting tone and vij-or to the system.
Their use has betn productive of highly ben
eficial effects. Wk. F. Booaxs,
Hon. James M. Wood, ex-Mayor of Williams,
port, Pa:
I take great pleasure in recommending
Hoofland's German Tonio" to any one who
may be afflicted with Dyspepsia. I had tho
Dyspepsia so badly it was impossible to keep
any food on my Btomaob, and I beoame Bd"
weak as not to be able to walk half a mil
Two bottles of Tonio effeoted a perfect cure"' I
Jambs M. Wood.
mi
llEMEMBER THAT J"
Hoofland's Oermau Bitters.
Asp k 1 ..ijA
Iloofiand's German Tonic
Will Cure Every Case of I
MlRASMUS,pr Wasting Awaj of tho Body;
i REMEMBER j THAT i ..i 'e
Hoofland's German Remedies
Are the medicines yon require to purify tho
Blood, excite the torpid Liver to healthy no-"
tion, and to enable you to pass safely through-
any hardships or exposure.
DB, HOOFLAND'S
Substitute for Mercury PiUs.
TWO PILLS A DOSE
77ie most Powerful, pet Innocent, Vegetable Ca-
titartie knoicn.
1 XL
It is not neoessary. to take a handful, of
these pills to produce the desired effect; lo
of them act quickly aud powerfully, cleans
ing the Liver, Stomach and Bowels of all im-
purities. The prlnoipal Jngredient is Podo
phyllin.or the Alcoholio extract of Mandrake,
which is by many times more powerful, aot-
ing and searching than the Mandrake itself
Its peculiar aotion is npon the Liver. cleaning
it speedily from all obstructions, with all tho 7
power of Mercury, yet free from the injuri
ous results attached to the use of that mine."'T
ral.
For, all diseases in whioh the use of a ca-1
thartio is indicated, these pills will give on-'1-?
tire satisfaction in every case. They NEVER
FAIL.
In cases of Liver Complaint, Dyspepsia and
extreme costiveness, Dr. Hooaand'a German
Bitters or Tonio should be used in oonnoo
tion with the pills. The tonio effect of tho
Bitters or Tonic builds up tbe system, The r
Bitters or Tonio purines the blood, strength;
eus the Nerves, bsgolayks the Liver, ani
gives strength energy and vigor.
Keep your bowels active with the pills, and.
tone up the system with Bitters or Tonic, and
no disease can retain the hold, or even assail
yon,
Reoollect that it is DR. HOOFLAND'S GER
MAN Remedies that are so universally used
and highly recommended; and do not allow
the druggist to induce you to take anything
else that he may say is jnst as good,"becaus
he makes a larger profit on it,: These rem,
dies will be sent by express to any locality, l
npon application to th prinoipal offloe.at tho
GERMAN MEDICINE STORE, 631 Arch street,
Philadelphia, Chas. M. Evans,' FroV
Formerly C. M, Jackson Cov
These Jtsmedles are for' Bate by Druggists. 1
Store; eepers, and Medicine td "rs every--'"
"here. novir,-