nj.iiLU- bcuni) nepoosicao,
i i i ra
PIETRI CUNi O, K'lKor and rropr!tlor.
UPPER SAHPTJiTKYrOHIO
Thursday Morning, Oct. 12th.
The Klcctton
i n this town and county last Tuesday
paaeed off in the most satisfactory
manner. All were in "the best of
humor, except the Jackson rora and
Court House ring. Mott independ
ent candidate for Common Tleaa
Judge, received the proud mnjority in
this county of 1872, and Milton Mor
ral.Republicnrt candidate for commis
sioner, is elected by 140 majori
ty. This is a magnificent triumph for
the people and tax payers, and wo
heartily congratulate them.
Ohio has gone Eepublican by
20,000 majority and we have a hand
some mnjority in both Houses of the
Legislature.
Glory enough for one clay.
God be praised
ae-aa-se--
Mott is elected by a small major
ity.
Where is Whitely, now
Wg congratulate oar German
friends and all others for the gallant
and successful fight they made on
Tuesday for Mott and Morral,
Failuro to tho Sew York Denio
v cracy.
The New York Democratic Conven
tion wan unequal to the work of cut
ting off tho Tammany Hall ring of
thieves, now under conviction by the
general verdict. The ring remains
iccognizcd as iulbe possession of the
regular committee of the city, and is
left with, simply an exhortation 7to
purify itself while the Democratic or
ganization that has been raised in ob
position to Tammany, since tho con
viction of the thieves, was denied ad
mission to the convention because of
irregularity. Regularity was accept
ed as superior to the necessity for cut
ting oil the convicted thieves. The
convention made virtuous professions,
but It directly consigned the organi
zation of the Democratic party in New
York City to the control of Tweed
Democrats who had undertaken the
reform movement.
The accounts of tho spirit of the
convention seem to show that the ru
ral delegates were ready to cut off the
Tammany organization but the State
Committee was powerfull in control
ing the convention, and its policy was
to temporize and the probability is
that if the convention had tried the
heroic treatment with Tweed, he
would have made a contest that would
have endangered a ruptnre ot the con
vention. The result is that the Dem
ocratic State Convention has shown
itseif incapabia of dealing with this
g?Dg of thieves, even when the gigan
tic stealing is universally admitted
and is virtually confessed. It has
given forth platitudes in favor of hon
est government; but these are a
mockery when it did notdare to eject
the gang of thieves. It talks of re
form, but leaves the knaves is power.
Tweed is exalted as a patriot for not
disturbing the convention, and is left
in control, whilo the convention,
resolves that the party in purified
This U another and magnified instance
of tho utter inability of the Democratic
party to exercise any manly energies.
Every where the party seems to be
effete, senile, impotent,- and in a course
of decopiposition. Cincinnati Ga
::tdi. Oratory in Prayers.
The subject of "speech-making in
prayer" is thus deprecated by the
Christain Advocate, New York
Should prayer offered in public be
an oration ?,A few mouths ago we went
to church on a Sunday evening in a
large country town, and heard some
thing which so impressed us that we
iiave siisee thought about it very .often-
It was not the sermon there
was nothing memorable in that. It
wns a prayer, or at least when the
minister began he said-"Let us
praj-," and the people bowed their
heads as if In supplicalfon. Then we
heard a brief eulogy on human nature,
setting forth its dignity and indepen
cticf. Then there was a description
of the horrible enslaving effects -Of
superstition, aud of false views of the
t hMacter of God, which have always
been entertained in the Christian
Church. t After this the resells of!
modern theological crilieism-were
f.nmmed outlin. oi tho "good time
cominjr.r'cen a man will ha emanci
JVe?f from the bondage of traditions,
a.nd rites, and saparstitious usages,
jjnd will reverence and worship only
the Divine in hi3 own nature.'- This
is no caricature; it is an accurate re
port of what we heard on the occasion
referred to, and in important respects
it is much like what we have often
heird in our own denomination and
in others. There is a great deal of
praying in public that closely resem
bles speech-making. Gf course we
intend no criticism of the obvious
ideas and opinions of the minister
whom we heard we only ask wheth
er such an oration can properly be
termed a prayer
A Bad Accident.
At. the Residence of Albert Smyser,
in Chester township, on Monday last,
vming man bv tlx1 name of Wilson
Harry was engaged' ia driving the
horses hitched to the power of a
threshing macnuip, when a belt new
..ff, and in leaving his position to
.heck the horses, his foot slipped
i'rom toe lever and his right ankle was
caught between the pinion aud roas
ter wheel terribly crushing it, leav
ing the foot hanging by a small por
tion flesh. Dr. Firestone was ira-mediatelj-
galled, who considered am
putation noecssary- The young
man's' fattier was c'lt into by a steam
Vft some ten years agr, Ms giandfa
t ler tell from a free last iaV and was
bun ii: made
a cripple for life, i Th winuWe;!
iim.;. ujs mil s)u)iau.v nf the 011-u-e
neig):ivjrboo.d. 7i coster Iiepub-
CHICAGO IN ASHES
Hundreds of Lives Lost
A TERRIBLE CALAMITY
$150,000,000 Worth of
Property Destroyed.
Chicago, Oct. 812 :30 a. m The
most terrible conflagration that ever
occurred in this city broke out aboi.t
an hour and a halt ago, and havivtag
already swept over sis entire blocks,
is still raging with almost unabated
fury. The lire started in. a large
planing mill situated between Clinton
and Canal, and Van-Iurcu and Jack
son streets, about tho center of the
block formed by thoso streets. Tho
wind was blowing very fresh, and
the flames spread with almost incredi
ble rapidity, and in a few minutes the
entire structure was a mass of fire.
The immediate vicinity is built up
mainly with email wooden tenement
houses and two story frame buildings
occupied as groceries, saloons, etc.
The inmates of many of these houses
startled from slumber, had barely
time to rush from their hoases in the
scanty attire of night, leaving their
household goods to destruction. In
several instances children were hastily
wrapped in blankets and quilts to
break the force of their fall, aud
thrown from second story windows
to the ground. When tho alarm
sounded lor the fire, another of con
siderable magnitude was burning' on
Wells street, near Adams, and several
engines were necessarily kept at work
upon this. The rest of the engin3 in
this city were soon on the ground,
but before thes arrived tho hre had
epread over so large an area, and was
so rapidly spreading, that their efforts
seemed of little avail Between Canal
street and the river were several lum
ber yards, which are entirely destroy
ed at this hour. The fire has made
a -clean sweep srom Van Buren street
north two blocks from the river. The
wharves between Van Buren and
Jackson streets are burning, and the
wood-work of the western approach
to Adams street Bridge is distro3ed.
A large coal yard yard, containing
thosand3 of tons of soft coal, and
situated between the tracks of the
Chicago and Alton and Pittsburg aud
Fort Wayne Railroad and the River
is on fire and burning furiously. The
immense grain elevator of Vincent,
Nelson Co., one of the finest in the
city, is immediately adjoining, and
though intended to fire proff, there
seems little doubt, that it will be de
stroyed, as the intense heat to which
it is subjected will crack the slate
with which it is covered, botth roof
and sides. It contains many thous
and bushels of gram of all kinds. The
depot of the Pittsburg and Fort
Wayne, Chicago and Alton and St.
Louis Bail road, and between Canal
street and the river, one of the build
ings a light wooden structure, occu
pied by an express office, was in
flames during the night, and is un
doubtedly destroyed.
The scene in the vicinity of the
conflagration is indescrible. Half the
population of the city seems gathered
there. The tugs in the river are en
gaged in towing to places of safety
the vessels moored in the naborhood.
The locomotives are hastily pulling
out the great number of cars stand
ing on the tracd in the path of the
flames.
At this writing it is impossible to
give an estimate of the losses, but
they are already very large, and the
fire is scarcely checked. So far as
could be ascertained when the report
er left the scene of the fire, no lives
are known to be lost, yet it will be
miraclous should such prove to be
the case
Chicago, Oct. 81 :30 a. m. The
fire is apparently raging as fiercely as
ever.- The block of buildings on the
noith side of Van Buren street, whicli
it was thought an hour ago would be
saved, is now wrapped in flames. The
elevator is safe so far, and the fire
seems to be spreading south and west,
notwithstanding the wind is now
directly from the south and blowing
hard. The glare from the blazing
buildings lights the streets half a mile
away so that one may seo to read
The entire fire department is now on
the grounds and making almost su
perhuman efforts to stay the flames.
The losses probably already run
in the millions, and the end is not
yet.
Special Dispatch to the Herald
Chicago, Oct. 99 :25 "A, M. All
the business portion of the city is
burned. The Lake Shore Railway
passenger depot and all its contents
ar-5 destroyed.- Nearly all the coach
es are burned and the fire still raging.
Chicago Oct 99 :50 A. M. One
third of trie city is in ashes. The
passinger depots of every Railway in
Cnicago are burned. The freight of
house of the Lake Shore Railway and
the bonded warehouse are safe. The
Rock Island Railway freight depot is
burned. The Lake Shore Railway
company saved only two baggage
cars and three coaches.
Chicago, Oct. 9, 11 A. M. The
business part of Cicago is in ashes.
At this hour, eleven o'clock Monday
morning, over five miles have been
burned over, and between ten and
eleven thousand houses destroyed;
The fire uow extends on all of the
river and includes all the business
part of the city. All the banks, ex
press offices, telegraph offices, and
newspaper offices, except the Tribune
are destroyed. The Tribune escaped
only through its being a fire proof
building. The burnt district includes
from the corner of Jefferson avenue
and DeKoven street, northeasterly,
the Court House, Western Union
Telegraph office, Banks, and appar.
ently everything within half a mile of
the Court House, and as far south as
about Polk street and probably west
of State street, and perhaps east of
that.
The lire rages on the North Side,
cast of Wells street, and extends up
to Chicago Avenue in a north-efcster-ly
direction. All the leading hotels
arc destroyed. The Water Works
are also destroyed, and'the 6iipply of
water is wholly cut off.'' J be Michi
gan Southern and Lake Shore Rail
roCd depot and the Rock Island depot
were rj-i.Jied. Th-3 fire aftei wards
.res cU-d ihefc- ccnlrsV depot, and
the news now is that all in the c i ly
are destroyed. The fire was- appar
ently checked a short tinio since, but
the wind has spruug up again and
changed so as to turn the fire south
ward ou Wabash evenue, along which
it is coming sou'.h at a fearful rate
A telegraph office has been opened
temporarily at their depot of supplies,
80S State Street, but there is little
prospect of remaining thero until
night. The wind is blowing furiously
and at this hour the fire is raging fier
cer than ever.
The mayor has telegraphed to oth
er cities for help. Food is badly
needed and assistance is asked from
St. Louis, Cincinnati and Detriot. A
dispatch has been received from the
Cleveland Board of Trade proferring
aid, and asking what is most urgently
needed.
W.
Chicago, Oct. 92 P. M. Presi
dent Grant has telegraphed to the
military authorities here issue rations
and such other supplies as may be
needed by tho municipal authorities
at St. Louis, for what additional sup
plie3 are needed.
Dispatches have been sent from
here to all points, stating that cooked
food, bread and cheese, aud tents,
are needed immediately. Thousands
are houseless and will be starving un
less aid comes at once. Assistance is
coming in rapidlj' and in vast quanti
ties, but the demand is still far in ex
cess of the supply.
W.
Chicago, Oct. 9. Noon. Tho aw
ful work of destruction goes oh with
relentless fury. From Aarrison
street south to Division street north
and from the River to the Lake, an
area of four miles long by one wide,
the flames have swept, everything be
them. It is estimated that at least
one hundred thousand people are
houseless and in a suffering condition.
The streets in the districts still un
burned are lined for miles with such
household goods as have been saved
from devastation, The most gencr
ous offers cf assistance in money,
food or anything wanted are coming
from every city and town accessible
by telegraph. The Mayor has re
sponded to several offers, asking that
cooked tood be forwarded as soon as
soon us pesstbie. The firemen are
on the way here from Cincinnati, St.
Louis, and other cities. The water
works are entirely destroj'ed. They
are now blowing up the buildings in
the line of the fire in the attempt to
arrest its progress.
The reign of fire and brimstone on
Sodom and Gomorrah can hardly be
compared to the devastiug reign of
the fire fiend in Chicago. More than
one half of the bopnlation are now
rushing through the streets in ve
hides, which are obtained at enor
mous prices, on foot and in every
other way, with the choicest house
hold treasures in their arms and on
their backs, in utter confusion, not
knowing wither to go. Fearful suf
fering must follow, and that almost
immediately. Fully one hundred and
fifty thousand people are at this mo
moment homeless and houseless, not
knowing where to lay their heads or
get anything to satisfy the cravings
of hunger.
Chicago, Oct. 9. Noon. The
whole business part of the city is in
ashe3 from Harrison street north to
Chicago avenue, three miles in length
and a mile to a mile and a half in
width. Every hotel banu, express
office, telegraph office, theatre and
newspaper offices, with all the whole
sale houses in the city are totally de
6trayed. with many thousand dwell
ings. The water works are destroyed
Earl' this morning the wind was
blowing a peffeet gale from the south
west, with a sky of brass. No one
can tell what tho end will be. The
only salvation for the remainder of
the city is in the wind, keeping rn the
present direction. Fifty thousand
people are homeless, and most of
them in a destitute condition.- The
unburned streets for miles are lined
with household goods. No one dare
think what the loss of life may be.
The flames have swept through the
city with great rapidity.
The prairie is on fire and many
must have perished.- The Western
Union Telegraph Gorapauy has sue
ceeded in getting np a few wires from
a hastily improvised office in the wes
tern part of the city, established com
munications is nearly inall directions.
Munificent offers of assistance are
coming from every quarter.
Walte Blontgomney'ys Wife
Correspondence of the Sow York World.
Bostcn, Sept. 25 I believe the
cause and ciscumstances of the death
of Walter Montgomery have already
been given in your foreign correspon
dence. Within a day or two the his
tori of the woman whose infatuation
for the tragedian was undoubtedly the
cause of his suicide, has fully trans
pired. It seems that she was former
ly "a woman of the town," and it is
stated that she' has been several times
married, atid" thai? at least two of her
husbands are living in this city. Her
last husband proprietor of a well
known private hotel. The following
additional facts are of interests
Ht the time of the performance of
the "Black Crook" at the Continental
Theatre, (now the St. James.( in this
city, there were two sisters, who
stood perched on a pedestal in a pos
ition that showed their form3 off to
good advantage, which pleased some
i 1 t i r.. i i i
oi iue auusmiue nunc ii iuiui,uaiuu
others. These two sisters went by
the name of Bigelbw, EticF were often
Broken of as possessing beautiful
forms and features. Among the con
stant visitors to the theatre was a man
of mature age, a respected citizens of
the west end of the city. He fell in
love with the features of the form,
we don'ffknow which; of these cirls,
It took but very little work to recurc
an introduction, through the agency
of one sf the attaches of tb-e theatre
He thought so much beauty and ele
gance of form should not go without
a proper recognition, so he popped
the question, and she accepted him,
probably not for his looks, Bat for
tho money which he possessed, as ho
was reported as very wealthy. They
were married but it was possible for
two so unlike m disposition, oge dec,
to live, happily together. She, in com
pany with her sister, was on the go
all the time, and made the old fellows
"money fly very rapidly. She ran up
accounts at vunoiis dry good stores
on Washington street, until her bus
band gave orders to the proprietors
of the places not two trust her any
more. This caused a Iresh outbreak,
and the result was that she took a
trip to New York witU a "niceyonnd
man." Her husband stood it for
about three weeks, and no longer. So
ho started after her and I rough t her
home, forgiving her for all she had
done if she would only consent to live
with him. Of course she, consented
to all this, for the old man's purso
was fust what she wanted to handle,
and nothing else. About this time
Mr. Montgomery played n engage
ment at the Boston Museum. Miss
Bigelow, or rather Mrs. attend
ed each and every performance, and
was struck with his beatiful shaped
limbs, the Bameas had been Bmit-
ten with hers while in "Black Crook."
She sent him bouquets nightly witli
the name of "Miss Bigelow" attached
to it. Mr. Montgomery did not
know who the fair donor was, and
paid very little attention to tho mat
tcr. When he sailed for Europe, and
had left our shores but a day, ho was
introduced to a lady by the name of
Bigelow from Boston, who on inquiry
turned out to be our heoriue. A mu
tual friendship sprung up between
them on the voyage, when she inform
ed him that 6he was madly in love
with him and had followed him on
his voyage home in order that she
might be near him. She passed her
self off as a maiden, and Slontgomery
believed her. To make a long story
short, ho subsequently married her,
believing in doing so that he was
marrying a maiden, who loved him
for himself alone. The day after he
was married he found out that she
whom he had made his wife already
had a husband in Boston. It will be
remembered that in. a week he was to
sail for his country, and that he wa3
engaged by some of our Jycums to
give readings. It was too much for a
gentleman of his sensitive nature to
face the public in this city with thest
facts standing prominently before
them. It wculd be the gossip of the
city and sent broadest through the
country. It was too mucli lor uis
nerves, and the result was that he
took his own life. This is given as
the true cause of Walter Montgom
ery's suicide. Whether the wife can
satisfy her conscience in the part she
has played in this tragedy is a ques
lion we leave entirely to her alone.
Her husband, now in this city, bus
come to the conclusion that he is bet
ter off without her, and will soon en
ter a suit for a dicorce.
ALLMAK JACOBS
A Young Jewess Elopes with a
Christian lier A-atlier XJittcurus
Her A Scene.
I From the 'Washington Republican, Sept. 23
That the police authorities are often
called upon to perform queer duties
is a fact which was fully demonstrat
ed Thursday. On the 19th inst, a
telegram was received by Major Rich
ards requesting him to look out for
and arrest a couple named James W.
Alison and Bertie Jacobs, w hose de
scription were given. The telegram
was turned over to detective George
G. Miller, and that officer was on
hand at the early train next morning
to capture if possible, the fugitives.
But early as he went he was too late,
and insted of seeing the runaways he
met the father of the truant young'
ladj', and from him learned who thev
were and why they were to be arrest
ed.
Miss Jacobs is a Jewess. Mr. All
man is a Gentile- The parties are
both young the gcutleman about
twenty-eight and the lady about eigh
teen. Shortly after the close of the
war Mr. Jacobs pert was doing busi
ness in Fairfax, Va. so was Mr. All
man. The young people met aud
loved, but the almost Insuperable
abjection of race interfered with the
otherwise smooth current of their
affection.
Mr. J-, after a time, removed to
Baltimore, and Mr. A., to Alexandria,
in which respective cities they en
gaged in business. The young oues
were separated, but not estranged,
and they found a way by the United
States mail to keep the flame brightly-
burning.
On the 18th Mr. A. visited his in
amorata at hef home; on the 19th
both were missing hence the dispatch
and the visit of the old gent. On
their arrival in this city the couple
repaired at once to the City Hall, in
terviewed Mr. Meigs, the clerk ofthp
Supreme Court, gave him a small
amount ofcurrencj', andgot in return
therefore the consent of the law to be
"spliced." Armed with this docu
ment they called on Rev. J C. Smith,
D, D., of the Forth Presbyterian
Church, who saw no plausible objec
tion to the request, and in his good
natured way tied the knot and sent
them off rejoicing, whither, he knew
not. But we know They went to
the Continental Hotel, where they
took a room.
The next morning the detective and
the father called at the hotel, and
were informed that the part' hau been
there and left about an hour In a car
riage. The Alexandria boat was then
patronized, the ancient burg reached
and thoroughly searche.l, but no
trace of the fugitives found. The
father was disheartened, and, although
he did not give up the search, return
ed to this city where he remained
over night. During the night they
got a clue to the whereabouts ot the
truants, and took the first boat for
Alexandria, where the arrived1 about
eleven- o'clok. They proceeded to
the house where tho parties were
stopping, and were informed that Mr.
Allman was not in, and that Mrs A.
could not be seen. The officer, how
ever, informed the landlord that his
companion was the father or the girl,
and that he must 6ee her. They were
then shown up stairs, and the meet
ing between the sorrowing parent and
the apostate daughter is said to have
been truly affecting. As' the door
was opened and she saw her father,
the bride exclaimed, "Father,-we are
legally married," and burst into tears.
Tho father,, equally affected, upbrad
ed her for act, and forbade her to call
him father again, as she had disgrac
ed both him and her mother.
A dialogue was carried on'between
the two atnid their cries and 6obs,
which was only interrupted when" the
landlord declared it wa3 attracting
too much" attention aud must cease.
The father turned to go, aud as he
diil so, cast a fond look at his daught
er, and to her frantic "Good by lath
er," said '"I will go honse, put crape
on mv hat, and mark you on the re
cord, "Died Sept. 19th 1871.' "The
scene ended the daughter oi the Jew-
was discarded and disgraced in the
eyes of her people. Her only refuge
now, was the husband she had chosen.
May he ever remember the sacrifice,
and deal lovingly, and kindly with
her who forsook all the world to cling
only to him.
Stopping; a Newspaper
One of our exchanges has tho fol
lowing allcgorj', which we commend
to the careful consideration of those
gentlemen who, the moment they see
anything which displeases them in the
columns of their local journal, rush to
the printing office and.cry out, "StOfl
my paper." It is certainly a new
song upon the old subject.
"A certain man hit his toe against
a pebblc'and fell 'headlong to the
ground. He was vexed, and under
the influence of anger and self-sutli
ciencv, ho kicked the arth right sauci
ly. With iinperturable gravity lie
looked to see the earth rcmaiucd and
only his poor foot was injured in the
encounter. This is the way of man.
An article in a newspaper touches
him ia a weak spot, and forthwith he
sends to stop his paper. With great
complacency he looks to see the
crash, when he finds he only hit his
own toe against a world that docs not
perceptibly feel the shock, and injures
no one but himself."
Uismark as a Traveling Compan
ion I bade farewell to my escort at
Strasbourg, very ill. At Kiel a party
of gentleman made an irruption on
my privacy, which 1 did not then
know I could hare maintained by the
bribe of a few kreutzers to the con
ductor. I asked one of them a
handsome man with a haughty eye
to be kind enough to change his seat
and let me have a compartment to
myself, so 1 could lie down, telling
him I was too ill to hold up my head,
lie gave me a look of blank astonish
meat, but complied. I had nothing
to do but listen to tho conversation,
which was in French out of compli
ment to a Frenchman among them.
They were all very intelligent men of
this world, and ot mark in it, 1
thought. I noticed that my proud
eyed friend always directed a clothed
with an Ideal loftiness, and often a
coarse jest leaped to the surface. As
I lay all day among my wraps and
listened dreamily, this minor tone of
halflaughing. sarcasm beat on my
confused and racking brain. In a
photograph albuin the next day I
came across his likeness. "Why,
that is Bismarck!" said my friend,
fto, then, the mocker was the greatest
msn of the age. and I had cooly re
quested him to move to the other
side of the carriage for my conveni
ence From A Week on the Bergs
strasse, in the Octobtr number of Lip
liincofCs Jfctffizme.
Getting: Mighty Short
From the Cincinnati Times.
Boarding the lightning express on
the Little Miami Railroad last even
ing, wc had comfortably doubled up
preparatory to a snooze, when we
were startled by a tall African, as
follows "Look hear boss, I want to
ax you a question. I's a good war
from home, and I want to know if l's
on de right track"' Where do you
want to go, uncle 7" we asked. "To
Fort Gibson, way down in Arkinsaw,
sir. Now Boss, I's ignorant, and
wants to know if I s on the kear for
for Cincernati." We assured our
sable friend that lie was all right for
Cincinnati, when he broke loose as
follows: "Look a heah boss, I
doesnt know nothin' when l's a vay
from home clean lac sah. v hen
I started out from Washington City I
had a powerful long string o' dese
heah," exhibiting that portion of his
through picket which had not been
taken up. Ebery now and then
gemman comes around and tars off a
little piece. Tell j-ou, sah, it's gittin'
mighty short. 'Fraid it ain't gwing
to hold out until I gets through."
This last remark created quite
laughter, in vrhich the jokeist joined
heartily.
A "strong-minded" thus relieves
herself: "Marry! marry! marry!
i hat s man s eternal cry. Marry and
settle uown. oettie uowd into a
house two story back perhaps set
t!e down into a kitchen, a cook stove,
a wash tub, a ciadle! and so keep
settling, settling into a weary, worn,
faded woman on whom the male
importuner, after five or ten years of
his exculsive companionship, may
look and congratulate himself on
having accomplished a successful
ruin
Ayef s Cathartic Pills,
For all tho purposes of s Xaxstivr
aedicine.
Perhaps no one medi
cine is tto universal I j
required by eiy
ImkI.V tu A cathartic
nor was ever any be
fore so universal!
adopted into uee, ii
every country nnc
ainonj all classes, a)
UiU mild butefficien,'
purpure I'M. Th
obvious reason i
that it is a more relia
bla and far more cf
ectnal remedy than any other. Those who hav
ried it, know that it cured them; those who hav
Jot, know that it cures theirncighbors and friends
Jid nil know that what it docs once it does at
rays that it never fails through any fault or neg
Jcct of its composition. We have thousands upot
housands of certificates of their remarkable cure,
t the following complaints, but such cures art
mown in every neighborhood, and we need ajt
ftillih Uicm. Adapted to all aires and conditioo
Q all climates containing neither calomel nor any
Meterious dniff, they may be taken with safety
ly anybody. Their sufrar-coating preserves then:
ver fresh, and makes theui pleasant to take, while
cing purely vegetable, no harm can arise Iron)
heir use in any quantity.
They operate by their powerful influence on th
sternal viscera to purify the blood and stimulaW
I into healthy action remove tho .obstruction!
f the stomach, bowels, liver, and other organs of
tie body, restoring their irregular actio to health,
nd by correcting, wherever they exist, such do
sngements as are the first origin of disease.
Minute directions are given in the wrapper oil
te box, for the following complaints, which these
Hilt rapidty cure
For ltyspepaia or Idla-atla, Ustlraa,
IMS, Laarasr and lioss t App(itf, they
bould be takcu moderately to stimulate the ston
ch, and restore its healthy tone and action.
For Aivf-r Csmplaiat rnd its various symp.
ms, Kiliou Hulck, stick Had
tchr, JlMUHrtlc. or Sjirroa SickBttaa, Sil.
ous Colic and Hiliona s7rs, they should
e judiciously taken for each ease, to correct the
iseased action or remove the obstructions which
siise it.
For Iiraentorr or niarrbora, but on
aild dose is generally required.
For llhoumullam, Ciont, ravel, Pl
iltutioH of I tie Heart, Xaia ia taa
lido. Hack and s'.ataa, Uiev should be contin
ously taken, as required, to change the diseased
etion of the systoin. With such change (host
oniplaints disappear.
For Dropsy and Dropsical wlliasn
iey should be taken in large and frequent UoaCI
produce the effect of a drastic purge.
or Sappmsls a large nose should ti
ikr-n as it produces the desired effect by tym
Why.
As a THnnrr Pitt, take one or two JMKi to
remote digestion and relieve the stomach.
An occasional dose stimulates the stomach and
owcls into hcallhy action, restores the appetite,
lid invigorates Uie system. Hence it is often nd
antnscous where no serious derangement exists,
lie who feels tolerably well, otli-u finds that a
ose of these PW, makes him feel decidedly bet.
;r, from their cleansing and renovating effect on
le digestive apparatus.
r. J. C. A. YE It Jt CO., Practical CkUU,
iu irxrxx: jujss v.h. a..
Subsides to the New York Press.
The New York Herald gives the
following figures of the amounts paid
newspapers by the New York City
government For advertising. Tho
mind can, perhaps, form some con
ception of Ihe corrnpting power of
such subsides as these to public jour
nals. Tho following are the sums
paid by New York City and Cohnty
for advertising for two years and a
hair, from January, 1809, to July,
1871, to tho following city newspa
pers
.Transcript (a political jobbing
paper for only private circula
tion) $583,578
News 305,422
Star 241,943
Democrat 184.547
Mercury (weekly paper);;.. 117,040
Express 301.404
World SO.C75
J ournal 72,363
Commercial Advertiser. 74.622
Atlas 68,933
Citizen 67,046
Metropolitan Record 66 515
Irish American 59,177
Ueal Estate Record 44,685
Sun 43.326
leader (weekly) 41,001
T.mes 33,400
Herald 31.887
A. Mr HiHS"rnri:E recenllr of
Marion count-, has been appointed
sii e'intendent of the county infirma
ry, oo we are iniormea.
FALL CAMPAIGN.
I am now receivinjr from tho Eastern
Cities, a full and complete assortment ot
Dry Goods,
Groceries,
Ilats Gaps,
Boots and Shoes,
Wall and Window
Papers, &c., &c.
Which will be sold at ho
Lowest Possible Prices.
No Mtiaiilbu
sTS
All persons wishing to purchase are in
vitcU to call,
S. il. WORTH.
Oct. 6, lS7I-Cw
OPPORTUNITY
The nndersTirned is Willing to sell out
li is stock ot
Between the first day of October. 1SS1,
nnd the first day of April. 172. to a rooil
man or party who nleah business. Here
Gents, is a chance to make a pood living
and money besides, as 1 have for the last
Eighteen years.
The snccesibr may have the privilege
of the w nolo
BRICK BUILDING,
Or, only tbe Store-Hoom nnd cellar
South-east corner of Main and Walker,
Streets, opposite the Warpolc House.
TEnMS a
The purchaser can have 1, 2 or 3 years'
time, and rent very reasonable. I will
take, for my stock and rent, the Cash.
Town property. Land or Security. I
am bouud to see
EUROPE
And visit my Fatherland. Ohl United
German', Parents and Friends, once
more.
CHRISTIAN EXGEL.
U. Sandusky, 0 Oct. 1st 1871 C nios
Good STcw
rr,IIE iinrlersi-ined take pleasure in nn
JL imunvinv to Ui? people of Wyandot
Hid u,(!jiinin;r counties that they have
repaired' their
WOOLEN MILLS
and have the same in fi:ll operation.
They are prepared to do all" kinds of
CUSTOM WOM
in the best mariner and sell poods in'thcir
line, such as always can Ik? had at their
store room at the lowest figures.'
OMlIIiUILL
is also n hill.blJist nd wo can supply
the public with all kinds of
On sheft notice.
Custom Sawing Promptly Bone!
Wo also intend to supply the public with
Ready-Cut
Stove Wood!
All in want ot snytliing in onrline are
invited to give us a call, with the assur
ance that we cau suit them without fail.
WIXTEIiUALTER 4 IlEXDF.ttSOX
ao-iatf.
l. Ft. V. IS. It. TI 5110.
PITTSBUHG. Ft. VVAYNK
CHICAGO KAIIAVAV,
TRAIN'S GOING WEST.
Jio. 1 o. 5, So. 7, No 3,
Espres Mail 1'ac.bx Ng'tKx
flttsburrb 1 Km I.lOAS 10 Klk 3 00m
Rochester S S 45 15 U6ra 4 0
Alliance 6 05 11-15 8 60 t ta
Orrvllle 6 M I Km 4 4i S S3
Mansiicld 8 03 4 tt 4t .0 St
Cre.tilne Ar- 8 55 S 00 T 10 11 CO
Cruuine 1-e 91 5 7 45 11 SO
l'r. Saalaskj lO 10 50 S 43 IS SO
Forest lO 87 1 88 1 Mtk
Lima ll 88 8 GO 10 60 1 &6
Ft. Warns 1 S5r 11 40 1 IS x 6 oo
rijmoiilh S 3s 8 25rx 8 45 8 85
(;hi..oi im yi n vrv
THAIKS G01SC- EAST.
So. 'o. 8. So. 8. No. 4.
JlalL Expres Pae.Ex Ng'lEx
chicairo IkUti 9 joa 5 85r )rx
I'lrmon'h 9 4 11 53 8 5 1 8oax
Kt.Wsyno l"ra S ism 11 3 8 15
Lima- 8 (17 8 5S t 87a 5 IS
Forest 4 87 4 58 lw 6 85
I n'r. KsadsKkr 4 -W 6 19 8 15 1 04
Crestline Ar. 8 00 8 15 4 SO 8 20
Crestline lien. 18 45 8 85 4 8 55
Jlunstieia I 7 I il't 8 S8
Orrvlllo S 45 00 4 57 11 4i
Alli.-.uce BGO 10 8' 8 f 0 145m
Km-hoater 8 85 18 S7aX 11 05 4 M
l'ia.l.ur 85 1 85 18 10f 6 80
loy- No. 1. dailcr exrept Momlar: Jios. 5. 8
8 in. a t. 1tl v ex.ept Similar; N.. ami dully.
No. 4, daily except baturday ami Sunday.
F. R. MYERS,
Cirstial Ticket Acen
Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati
Indianapolis Railroad.
Change of time, Monday, May 15, 1371.
COLUMBUS DIVISION
soixa soots, rami caastlixc
Cincinnati Express 1.00 a. m
X. Y.& Wceterft Expres?,.. 7.20 p. m
Xew Orleans Express, ld.ii v. i
ooixo soBTH.raox ckestli
Xew York Express, -l.riO a. si.
Gull ion l'asseiixer Ex .0O
Cincinnati Express... !2.50p. M,
Xew Orleans Express..; fi.-M
IXDIAXAl'OLIS DIVISION'.
GOING WEST LEAVtS C EKSTLI!?E
Hay.Ex press 9 irt a.m.
NiUt Express H10.it.
arrive atcriistline:
Xiht Express, 4:20
Fait Express 10 r.si
GEO. 11. J.i:e. Aitct
31 11 T
.RffarikeT
Are still cnracd in the Bntibering Bu
siness, at the old stand, in
McCONNELL'S BLOCK,
Where they keep constantly on hand all
kinds of
FRESH BrlEAT,
Which tlicv are selling, lwst. rut, at
TWELVE CENTS PER TOI XU. They
kill none but first class Cattle, and uch
as arc selected, and make good fat beef.
OYSTERS
Fresh from Baltimore. CTery Saturday,
by the can, at lowest prices.
They are thankful fur past favors and
ask a continuance of the public patron
age. 43 3m
Furniture Furniture
The undersirn.-d manufactures all
kinds of first class
FURNITURE.
and invite those wanting anylhin? In
his line to give him a call before purchas
ing elsewhere. Rooms opposite the
Republican and Postohlces.
V. W. BCnAEFFER.
BOOT SHOE
The nm'.crstgned has opened a new
Boot A Shoe store on Main street, out
door south of Tierson House. Sin,
BUFFALO BOOTS AND SHOES!
We are prepared to furnish at our
Btand every variety of
BOOTS,
SHOKS,.
GAITERS,
SUPPERS!
Made to order and repairing
ne on the shortest notice.
Sole agent at Upper Sandusky for
the celebra Forbush, A Brow a Buf
falo Soots Sc Shoes
Also seits for Sausser, Wagner 4
Co's-, Ladies, Misses, it Children s Gai
ters aud Sli'oes.
Work warranted as Repre
sented
3yRen5ember the plfrce, one door
south of the l'ierson House. Terms,
cash.
21-tf. W. E. MILLER.
THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST,
MET ALIO
MEASURES AND BUCKETS.
Tatentwl ISM.
THE only- Rackets ami Measures that do not
wearout. or (ret out of repair.
Have nn rom:titin lor nistnet. conveni
ence snc durability.
THE MEASURES
sre alwv correct.. WeathK sun. irster.orsfr
m ill not aflTvet ihein &eaUil I, county seal of
Hamilton countr, Ohio.
PRICE-SUWeBockeStSrsllons. ft. 85; Welf
Bucket. 8 gallons. l,S-; Hair Jluslitl (water
tight) fl 15: reck meuuit, Uo foe; H yeck,clo
toe: X Feck do33e.
1'or sale by
PURVIAXCE CO.
Uwsir SaiHtaskss Jul isU.
BOOTS SHOE
BUSI 3iTfe"sS
In Klnnear's old stand, opposite Tlcrson
House, on baoilnsLjr, Avenue.
I ant prv-sred to do all kinds of
CUSTOM WORK
I the mottsiitis factory manner, an on ltf
eoaable rra
Eastern fflade Work
Alvays on Hand.
Call and ?es ma
CliniSTIAN BEISTT.E.
VipeTfi:ri!dnjliV'01i!Ot April W, isn.4f
,XE MILLIOX OF LiVES SAVED
It Is one of Ihe remarkable fads r lb la nnarkaM..
sue, not merely that m many wrona arc tb vic
tim of dylepMa or Indigestion, I. at its sillinj
victim. Kow, we wuulil not ba undentwMl to aaw
that any one regards drapenaia with faror, or fee la
dianoaed to rank it among tbe luxuries of lite, far
from it. Those who ha Ye experienced its tormeata
would scoot such an ides, all dread It, and would
ladly dispense with Its unpleasan'. famiusrities.
lark Tai.leT. who was jolly under sll lbs tryinc
circa iatauces iu which be was placed, never bad sa
attack of dyapepaia, or hiajolity would have speed
ily forsaken bjm. Men and women sometimes suf.
fer its Vrtures uneomplaininirtr, but whoever heara
of s person wbo enjoyed too in t
Of all tbe KUltWartoos diseases to which the ba
in an aystem Js liable. Lbera is perhaps Da oaa a
generally prevalent as dyapepaia. There are dis
soaoa more acuta and painful, red which mots fn
euenlly prove lata! but none, tbe offrets of which,
are so depreeaine; to tba mind and so positively dta
treaalnc to tbe body. If there is s wretched being ls
tbe woru II is
A CONFIRMED DYSPEPTIC
But it is not our Intention to dircant on tbe bor
rora f dvsncnaia. To describe tbrm tratbfullv la
aimply an impoaaibility, but it la poaaible U point,
out a remedy. We bare aaid that perhaps dr pep
sia i the moat univeraal of bumandieaea. Ihivis
emphatically tuecaae in the I lined Stairs. W heth
er .thia general prevalence iadue to the character of'
tbe food, tbe method of its prepar -tion, or the baety
manner in wmrn it la uiuaiiy waiH.wed, l not our
province to explain. The great fixt with which wa
are called to deal is this;
DYSPEPSIA PREVAILS
almost universaTTr.
Searly e-ery other person you meet Is s victim,
sn apparently willing one; for w ere Ibis not thecaeo
why fro many sufferers, when a certain speedy and
safe remedy it within tbe easy reach of all who
desire to avail themselves of ilt Hut the ma
jority will not. JUiudeil by prejudice, or rie-
lerren oy some otoer unexp.auieo: innuence.
ther refuse to accept the relief proffered them.
They turn a deaf ear to the testimony or tha
thousands whose snjerin-s hare beenalevtated,
and with strange inlatuatfon. apierr to rlina;
with desperate determination to their ruthless
tormrn r. I'.nt avs dvspetic: What is thia
remolyrto which werep'ly: This rreat allevi
ator of human tufTi-ring Is almo-t as widelr
known as the Knglisb language. It has allavcd
the aironica of thouaanda, and islo-day carrying;
eomlort and encouragement to tbosands of oth
ers This scknowluUged panacea is ueno other
than
Dr. 1IOOFLAXDS GERMAN BITT ERS
Would yon Vnnw more of the merits of U.ls
wonderful medicine than can he learned from tho
experience of others; Try itvoursclf, and w hen,
il has tailed to fulfill the assurance 4 its effi
cacy given by the proprietor, then abandon raitu
it.
LET IT BE REMEMBERED
first of all. thai Hour LAXD'3 CEUMAX B1T
TK US, ia not a rum beverage.
They are not alcoholic in snv sense of thes
term. They are composed wholly of the pnrw
Jun e or vital principle of root. Thia is not a
mere assertion. The extracts from which they
are oouipouudcd are preptxed by one of tha
ablest or German cheniials. Unlike anr other
bitters iu the market. Ihey are wholly free from
spirituous ingredients. The objections which
b.ld with so much force against preparations of
this'ciass namely tr:it a desire for intoxica
ting drluta is stimulated by their use, are not
valid in tbecas of the Uertnin Bitters. Ssar
from encouraging or inclucating a taste or ae-
re iur uieuriaitiig iwrer.-iges, i amy be confi
dentially asserted that their tendener is in m
diametrically opposite duectiou. Tbeif effect
caa be.
BESEfrfClAL ONLY.
in all cases of the bIHary system. Hooflaod'a
Uerman Uit'ers stand nithout an renal, act in a-
prompiiy ana vigorously upon the I.tver; they
remove its torpi litr and cause hcaltlilul secro
liiiu of bile thereby stipplin the atomacb wiUt
be most indisiensable tieim-nts r-T sound diges
tion in propel proportioris. 'i'liey give tone lot
thestumaci stimulating its functions, and en
abling it to perform its duties as nature de
signed it should do. They impart vigor and
strength to ihe entire system, causing the pa.
ticnl to feel like another ueing in fact, givinsf
him a new lease of life.
THEY PURIFY THE BLOOU
cleansing the vital fin Id of all hnrtfttl IropuH-
.u,T,.,i(n .new wiin inc elements ox
genuine heallhfulness. In a word, there Is
tf.ml. a ll a-hSa. r
.v.! .ii- (annul ui paiei y
and beneflrtally employed but in that most gen
V t" vii3" csanis, auuureaueautseass.
Dyspepsia,
THEY STAND UNRIVALED.
Kow, there are certain classes of persons to
whom extreme Bitters are not onlv unpalatable.'
but who And it impossible to take them without
poaitive discomfort, roriuch
Dr. HOOFLAXD'3 GEEMAK TOSIQ.
bas leen specially prepared. It is intecded fo
use where a sligat alcoholic stimulant is requlr-,
ed in connection wiln the well known Tonia
properties or the pure German Bitters. This
Tonic contains all Ihe ingredients or tbe Bitters,
but so flavored as to remove the extreme bitter-i
nesS. This preparation is not only calatable.'
but combines, in modified form, all the virtues
of Ihe German Bitters. The solid extracts of
siime of nature's choicest restoratives are held
in solution by a spirituous agent of the pur si
quality. In rases of languor orexcessive debil
ity, where the system appears to bars become
exhausted of its energies.
IIOOFLAND S TONIC
arts with almost marvelous effect. It not only
stimulates the flagging and wasting energies,'
but invigorates ami permanently strengthens
its act ion upon Ihe I.iver and Stomach thorough.'
pel habs less prompt than the Hitters, m hen tho
same itiantiiy is taken is ncne thj less certain.
Indigeion, I'.illioitsncss. I'hoical or Nervous
lrotratlon yield readily to itspou-nt influence,
It gives the invalid a new and stronger hold upon
life, removes depression of spirits, anil inspires
cheerfulness. It supplants the pain of diseaso
m Itii the case and comfort of perfect health. It
rives strength to weakness, throws desponden
tly to the winds, and starts the res te red invnli't
upon a new a.,d gladsome career. But Dr. Hoof-,
land's benefactions to the bcnian race are not
confined to 1 is celebrated
GERMAN BITTERS,
or his Invaluable Toxic. He has prepared an
otricr medicine, which is rnptdlv winning its'
way to popular favor because of" its intriusle
tuerils, 'Ibis is
noOFLAXD's rODOr-HTLLlX Tivti:
s perfect substitute for merenrv, without any o
mercury's evil qualities.
These wonderful Bills, which are. intended ta
act upon the liver, ;sre mainly composed of I'u
dopbyllin, or tbe
VITAL PRINCIPLE OF THE MAN
DRAKE ROOT.
Sow w 'esire the reader to distinctly under
stand that this extractor the Mandrake ia many
t" uaa mc aiannrase itseir.
It is the medicinal virtues of this health giving;,
plant in a perfectly pure and higlv concentra
ted form. Hence it is that t wo of the l'odophyl-,
lin Fills constitute a full dose while any w era
six to eight or a bfindful of other preparations.
Of the Mandrake aro required. Tbs ?odophyllin
ACTS DIRECTLY OX THE LIVER.
stimulating its functions and causing It to
make its bdiarv secretions in regular end pron-.
er quantities. The injurious results which in
variablv follow the use of mercurv is -ntirely
avoided by their use. But Tit is not u pen tho
Liver only that their powers are exerted. Tha
extiartof Mandrakecontained in them is skill
fully combined with four other extracts, one of
whtehacts upon the stomach. one upon the upv
per bowels. one upon tbe lower bowels, and out
prevents any griping effect, thus producing m
pill that influences tbe entire digestive and ali
mentary sytcn. in an equal and harmonious
manner and its action entirely free from nau
sea, vomiting or griping pains cusimon to alt
other purgatives.
Possessing these much desirable qualities, tha
Podoplivilia becomes invaluable as a
FAMILY MEDICINE.
Xo household should be without them. They
are perfectly safe, require lint two for an ordi
nary doso, are prompt and elucient in action,
anduhea used in connection with Dr. Hoof-,
land's Uermsii Bitters, or Tonic, may be re-
garded ascertain specifics in all cses of Liver
Complaint, Dyspepsia, or any of tbe disorders,
to which tho system is ordinarily subject. Tbe"
PODOPIIYLLIN PILLS
aupon the stomaon and bowels, carrying off
.ra proper obstructions, while the .Bitters or
Tonic purify the blood, strengthen and invigor
ate tbe lratiie. give tone and appetite to,. the
stomach. aM thus build up the invalid anew
lr. iioofland, having provided internal reme
dies for diseases, has given tbe world one maia-i
ly for external application, ia the wonderful

Dr. HOOFLAND'S GREEK OIL.'
This Oil Is a sovereign remedy for paint and
aches of all kinds.
ltheuiuatism, Xcnralgia, Toothache, Chil
blains, Sprains. Burns, 1'aini in the back, and
Loins, Ringworms, ic, .tc.all yield to its ex
ternal application The number of cures effect
ed by it is astonisbiug, and tbey are increasing
everv day.
Taken internally. It Is a cure for heart-burnt."
Kidney Diseases, sick Headaches. Colic, Dysen
terv, Cholera Morbus, Cramps, Pains la tba
Stomach. Colds, Asthma, Sc.
Tbe Ureck oil is composed entirely of healing
gums sod essential oils. The principal ingre
dient is an oily substance, procured in tha
rjrinctnal nart of Greece. Its effects as a. da.
troer ol pain are truly magical Thouaaads
nave been nencntea aj its use, sua a trial by
taose wbo are skeptical roughly con-
vincethem of its inestimable value.
These rriredies w ill be tent by express to aaw
loralitr, upon application to the 1'KLNOIPAI.
OI FICK. atthetiEKilAN MKDlCLMa fcTOKi:.
No. 031 AltLH Street, Philadelphia.
(JilAS.il. EVAXo. Proprietor,
Formerly CM. Jackson.
These Remedies are for sale by Druggists
Eturrkmnicn, and Hourcine, Doctors rvca-ywlrvs-o"
o
A