1 v LOCAL
NEWS"
CHURCH SERVICES TO-.71 ORROW
Christ Cucitcu?Service at 11 a. m. ami 7i
p. in.
St. Pawl'sCaouch?Service at 11 a. ui. am
4 p. nu
(.1ka.ce CnL*KCli?Service i:i tlie murning am
at night.
Sr. Mary's Cucncu?M:iss at 7 ami 11 a. in
Ve.-pcrs at 4 p. m.
First I'kksrytkkiax Cuukgii?Sermon ii
the morning and at night, by llcv. Mr. McAteo,
Second 1'kesrytekiax Church?Senium in
the morning and at nigiit, by Kov. Dr. Bullock
Muth. Kims. Ciiincciiy-Surmon in the morning
and at night, by Ilev. Mr. llcmenway.
Mktu. Ei*is. Church-South?Service in tin
m truing and at night, by ltcv. Dr. Hougli.
Mktii. 1'kot. Church?Service in the morning
ami at night, by Re.v. Mr. Benson.
Baptist (Bioroii?2?o service.
Youno AIkn's Uhiiistian Assoc'n?T'myoi
muHtiug in tlie M. E. Church, ut four p. in.
Jail services at 2 p.m. Alms Hoiuo services ut 2]
o eltok p. in. During the week there will b(
daily prayer meetings ia the rooms of Association
at 44 p. ni.
6human Lutiikkax?Service at 11 a. m. a'inl
74 p. in., by ltev. Mr. Bischolf.
rimimvK Baptist?Sermon at 11 a. in and
at candle-light, by Elder I'urrington.
i*. .v. c. .1. js'tanr school.
rkl'okt vor tuk wkkk.
Monday night, 9 teachers present, f?l scholars;
Tuesday, 4 teachers, 40 scholars; Wednesday,
j touchers, scholars; Thursday, 3 teachers, 3S
scholars; Friday, 2 teachers, 55 scholars. Average
attendance of teachers lor the week, 4 average
attendance of scholars, -is.
Touchers are particularly needed tor Wednesday
night. Thursday inui Friday nights are devi'ted
mainly t<> generai exercises by the entire
school. A spelling contest, in which ail the
scholars engage, takes place on Thursday night,
l>? which visitors are cordially invited'.' The
S? hool is in a prosperous condition, and is accomplishing
much good, it is believed.
City School Hoard.?The regular meeting
lor October was held at the Superintendent's
officio last night; present,the City Superintendent
and Messrs. S. F. Beach. J. S. Beach, Hopkins,
Kell, Whittingtou. and Winner.
On motion of Mr. Whittingtou, Mr. S. F.
Beach was elected Chairman pro tempore, and
the minutes ui the last meeting were read and
approved.
Mr. Winner from the Finance Oominittee
reported as correct the following bills, which
were ordered to he paid, viz: Win. A. Snioot,
coal for schools; $240; John F. Hose, wood for
do. $22.7j; Marked A llill. printing letter heads
and envelopes for clerk, $2.
The Superintendent laid before the Board a
correspondence between himself and the Superintendent
of Public Instruction relative to a
donation from the Peabody Educational Fund,
showing first, that $2,000, had been asked for
l?v the City Superintendent and the application
heartly endorsed by the Superintendent of
Public Instruction; secondly that only $1,500
bad been granted by the agent of the fund;
and lastly that this was a clerical error and
that only $1,000 had been really granted.
The Superintendent laid before the Board-a
letter from Win. K. Powell, Principal of Snowden
School, in reference to au article which
had been published some time since,
showing that the average expense of educating
colored, was greater than that of
educating white children, lie claims that the
si-hoois are not yet filled up because the pupils
are at work, but that they will return to school
later in the session.
On motion of Mr. Whittington, the communication
was referred to the Committee on
Mudies and I>i>cip!ine.
The Superintendent then explained that the
highest grade of Washington School had been
closed lur a week past in consequence of the
disability of the Principal, there being now no
male substitutes, those elected to that position
having accepted other situations, lie also
stated that the plan of having substitutes was
considered by some of the female teachers injurious
to the discipline of their schools, hut
recomuieuded that uo action be takcu for the
present.
On motion of Mr. Kell, the Clerk was directed
to infnitn the President of the Common
Council that the terms for which Messrs. Win.
K. Carne, Joseph llopkius, Augustus E. Addison.
and S. I'ergusou Beach were appointed,
would expire on the 2'Jih iust., and request the
City Council to lill the vacancies.
I r m? i v...
\/II lUOllUll Ol .<11. fj. U. 1II.I1V1I, u nun <w
solved by the School Hoard of Alexandria, that
the Superintendent ho authorized to purchase
out of the fund set apart for the purpose such
articles of school furniture as he may deem uecessary
for the comfort of pupils and teachers.
On motion of Mr. Whittington, the Hoard
then adjourned.
Kkceipts of Country Produce.?The following
are the receipts by the A. M. 11.
11. this week:?Corn, 2.740 bushels; wheat,
5,038; rye, so; oats, 1.004; mill offal, 250; ear
corn, 405; corn meal, 20; seed, 2s bushels and
17 boxes; potatoes, SO; onions, 45; buckwheat,
1 bag; beans and peas, 15 bushels; dried fruit,
20 sacks; chest nuts, so bushels; ground sumac,
370 sacks; sumac, 441 sacks; flour, 744 bbls.;
butter, 5s bbls. and firkins; eggs, 21 boxes; apples,
.52.4 bbls.; hops, 3 bales; fowls, 24 coops;
leather, 32 bales; hay, 300 bales; taliow, 1 bbl.;
tobacco, 37 boxes; sheep skius, 3 bales and 612
skins; whiskey, 1 bbl.; beeswax, 55 lbs.; bark,
24 cords; bacon, 1 US lbs.; lard, 8 bbls. and kegs;
pumpkins, 103; cabbage, 1 crate and 45 sacks;
pig iron, t>0,480 lbs.; hides, 22 bundles; calves,
s; rags, 2,347 lbs.; cedar posts, 00; lumber,
50,500 feet; cattle, 2S ears; sheep, 8 cars; horses,
1 ear; oak posts, 1 can
Puring the same period there were received
by the W. O. It. It.:?Wheat, 5,028
bushels; corn, 2,118; oats, 824; meal, 104; flour,
41 bbls.; eggs, 8 bbls.; apples, 300 bbls. and 5
bags; vinegar, 2 bbls.; butter, 18bbls. and kegs;
eider, 5 casks and bbls.; lime, 4 bbls.; ouions,
2 bag>; chestnuts, 5 bags; beeswax. 1 bag: broom
i i i i.! 1 ..1.
corn, 4 oags, auu uwuo, n> imp, mtw,
27 boxes; fowls, 21 coops; cows and calves, LS;
sumac, 1,tn.it) lbs.; hay. lo2 bales: furniture, 2
car loads; stock, I car load; wood. car loads;
shucks, -1 car loads; milk, i?SO gallons.
Appointment of Teachkks.?Mr. Sauiuel
A. Howard, has been appointed by the Hoard oi
School Trustees of Arlington District, Alexandria
county, Teacher of Walker School No. o,
at Hall's Cross Roads, in place of Mr. Wm. 11.
Rushby who has accepted a clerkship in the
II. S. Signal Corps. Nearly all the colored
teachers who passed examination here this
year and were not appointed in this city and
county, have obtained situations, on the recommendation
of Superintendent Carne. in other
places. One has gone to l?cesburg; one to
Augusta county, and two to Fairfax, and one
of the white ladies examined has also received
an appointment in hair fax. Applications for
colored teachers were, also, made to the Superintendent
from the counties of Kssex and
Wythe, but there were none to supply the
places.
Visit to Washington.?The cadet corps
of'St. John's Academy, under the command ot
Maj. Hi.-hard J. Collins, will make an excursion
t<> Washington on Monday next, to visit
tiie public buildings, Ac., and have a good
time generally. They will leave hero on the S
o'clock train, and return in the afternoon.
The corps is now pretty well drilled, and if the
boys bail the means of getting to the State
Fair in Richmond, they think that gold medal
somebody is going to give for excellence tu
drill, would bo very apt to accompany them
back to Alexandria. The two fine drums recently
purchased by the Alexandria Grays
have been bought for the corps, which is a
great improvement on their old ones.
ALEXAND]
Mayor's Office.?Lewis Madella, colored,
for disorderly conduct, was discharged with an
admonition.
John Grimes, for forestalling, was fined and
j discharged.
John Griffin, colored, for obstructing the
1 sidewalk and resisting an officer, was fiued and
discharged.
1 William Taylor, tor disorderly conduct, was
discharged with an admonition.
James llogan, tor vagrancy, was ordered to
leave the city forthwith.
[Iarriet Jones, for disorderly conduct, was disi
charged with an admonition.
Mary Jane Massev, colored, from the eoun
ty, for stealing a pair of shoes fioui L. Gentzberger,
was committed to jail for sixty days.
Charles Gray, a small colored hoy, for cutting
the head of a little white boy named Wiiliam
Alexander, was dismissed with an admonition.
Harriet Jones, rearrested for disorderly con
duet, was committed to the work house for
ninety days.
1 Nkiut iiHl'ORT.?Night clear aud cool.?
There were no disturbances. Three prisoners
and one lodger were at the station house.
1 Donation from the Peaiiody Fund.?
The City Superintendent of Public Schools requests
us to say that the information upon
which he stated to the City Council that 15(H)
had been promised for this year by the agent
of the Peabody Educational Fund, turns out to
be incorrect. A letter received by him yesterday
from the Superintendent of Public Instruction
says that in making the statement in
a former letter, that $1500 had been granted,
he was misled by a clerical error, and that only
?loui> is allowed for this year as for the last..
Col'ntv Radicals.?A large meeting of
the Radicals of the county, held at the Freed"
men's Villain; last night, was presided over by
\V. A. Rowe. An omnibus and a buggy load
of members of the party from this city were in
attendance. Speeches were made by West el
Willoughbv. (I. Ii. Seaton. Allen Fierce, R. S.
Laws, R. J). Reckley. Isaiah Fisher, John
Sypliax and John A. Seaton, all of whom
urged a united support of the Radical nominees
at the approaching election.
Ekuatiwi. In a letter from West Virginia,
puhli.-hcd in '1 hursday's Ca/eltc, the writer is
made to say the "Rig Rend tunnel, on the C.
Railroad, is.* mi milesanda quarter long."
hat he icmtc, was?4"sunn' mile and a quarter
long." The types made the error and not the
writer, and did him injustice; for he is accurate
and well informed. It was the substitution of
the word srcni for smiii'. A tunnel a mile and
a quarter long is, however, a very lung one.
M \iiivkt IIou.sk Stbkplk.?The cumtnitteo
appointed at the Citizens' meeting to solicit
subscriptions for the erection of a new market
house steeple, will, at the request oft icorge
Dryan, Esq., chairman, meet at the counting
room of the (iazette office on Wednesday morning
next, at 11 o'clock, and bring with them
their subscription lists. i
Scinun. Tkiistees.?The State 1 >uar?l of
Education has reappointed all of the one year's
trustees for three years in Alexandria. C. K. 1
Ford, \V. C. Wilcoxen, and Thomas E. Carper,
liave been appointed in Fairfax, in place
of trustees whose term expired on the 2.'!d.
The other trustees were all reappointed for :i
years.
Stock Ha/AK.?Messrs It. 1>. Catts and F.
A. Kcrby, gentlemen well and favorably
known in this community, contemplate estab- 1
fishing, at an early day, a stock bazar at
Drover's J lost, West End, where, every Saturday,
will be exposed lor sale to the highest 1
bidder, horses, cattle, sheep, hogs, wagons 1
buggies, carriages, Ac.
Fiuknpsiiip Finn Company. ?Dr. J. I?.
Johnson, President of the Friendship Fire
l,.i? .].o,,,.,,Uin\i1 o, fiimijl-i
V Will }f?llla> lliir* UV^IVI IIIIIIUU I'W I... III...
puny with a first class steam lire engine, anil
i'ur that purpose has instructed Messrs. ?S. S.
Rrown aud G. G. Rrown, practical engineers,
to negotiate for the purchase of the same iui
mediately.
Foreign Imi'i?iitatio.v. ?The Russian bark
Ilelios, Captain Mattila, with nine hundred
tons of fine and ground alum salt, arrived here
this morning from Liverpool, after a passage of
forty-five days, during which she experienced
some rough weather, but met with no accident.
She spoke no vessels on her voyage.
Obstructing the Sii>k Walks. ?The obstructions
to the side walks on King street,
caused by dry goods boxes, is a cause of annoyance
to some, who have lodged their complaints
at the Mayor's office, and, in consequence, the
police have been instructed to see that the obstructions
are removed.
Result of Advertising.?As a result of
advertising in the Gazette, it is mentioned that
the dry goods house of Witmer <fc Slaymakcr,
of this city, filled during the week just closing,
large orders from the states of Missouri and
South Carolina.
Improvements at West End.?It is understood
that Mr. R. I). Catts, the proprietor
of'Catts' Tavern, West End, will establish a
brick yard near a clay hank of his in that vi-
ciuity, and early next spring commence the
??fimwi ,,r i?itv
UlUUllUli kitV/lU VI .'Vivnu .IV
Local Brevities.
A incotin.ii of the .stockholders of the Alerandriii
Washington railroad was hold this
morning.
The A. M. R. It. and the It. F. V.
It. It. will issue half tare tickets to visitors to
the State fair.
The Columbia Fire Company's new bell was
erected in the new belfry of tbeir engine house
this morning.
The alarm of fire ahout 1 o'clock to day was
caused by the explosion of an oil lamp in the
house of Mr. A. J. Wedderlmrti, on I'itt, be- 1
tween Cameron and Queen streets.
A discharged U. S. Soldier who cauie to this
city this morning from Washington accompanied
by three men, was robbed by them of $S0
and left here without one cent.
Some excitement was created this evening in
the First Ward by a large crowd of boys who
were chasing through the streets a colored boy
who had struck Willie Alexander, a little son
of Justice Alexander, on the head with an oyster
shell, and out him badly. The boy was subsequently
arrested, but released.
Saukuta IIali, Ci.otiiinti llorsB.?The
extensive clothing establishment of L. Schwartz
A Co.. in Sarepta 11 all building is one of the
attractions of the city. It is under the supervisions
of Mr. S. I Valluun,whose superior qualfications
for the business, and extensive acquaintance
throughout Virginia and North
Caroliua, are alone sufficient to secure the house
a large and prosperous trade but were even
these facilities not enjoyed by the new firm, the
splendid stock of goods they keep, and the
accommodating terms they oiler purchasers
would always prove to those iu want of clothing
inducements not easily overcome, fine peculiarity
which invariably attaches to the goods
sold by Mr. Pcalhum is that tbev dont have the
appearance of being ready made, hue look and
feel as though they had been made by the
most fashionable merchant tailor. Hi* underclothing
is composed of as fine material as can
he bought iu the dry good stores, and fits and
is sewed together as nicely as though made by
the most accomplished seamstress.
RIA GAZETTE AI
Declined Serving.?Lawrence B. Taylor,
Esq., lias declined serving as a Trustee of Public
Schools for the 4th ward, being unwilling to
take the prescribed oath: a new appointment
must, therefore, be made by the Board of
Education.
Oveutioard.?A son of J usticc Robert Alexander,
named James, while playing on the
floating spars in King street dock, fell overboard
yesterday evening, accidentally, but was
rescued.
Retained Letters.?The following letters
are retained in the posfofficc for want of stamps:
Mrs. Jacob Weaver, Media, Pa.; Mr. Robert
Burke, IJaymarket, Ya.
Buovs.?Officers ot the Potomac Ferry
Company have replaced the buoys marking the
channel at the mouth ot the Eastern Branch
which were removed some time since.
Behind Time.?The departure of the Lynchburg
train this morning was delayed nearly an
hour by the late arrival of the through train
from the north.
The Market, to-day, was well supplied with
meats and vegetables?but we have no change
in prices to notice.
TELEGRAPH NEW.S.
[DISPATCHES TO THE GAZKTTK.l
foici;k;\ xku s.
London, Oct. 2X.?Austria submits the proposals
inspecting the Internationale H?r the consideration
of tho.govenimout at Merlin.
It has been decided that the Papal coin-lave
1 l
tui iiiu suiytTi in 11m* i <i|n: u'm.i :uri!i miuii
meet in France, ami ni.t at Konio.
The ilnvsian legation at Kerlin lias boon
raided to an embassy.
Prince (jortschokolf is expected at. Berlin
to-morrow.
The French army lias been rcorganzied into
nine corps, each corp containing three divisions,
each division two brigades, each brigade two
regiments id' mm mi men each in addition to
cavalry, artillery and toiii) men extra for Algeria.
London, Oct. lis. Vatican circles continue
to give out that the Pope will shortly leave
Koine unless the I hie d' Ifcniourt is favorably
instructed by the French governments. There
is no possibility of such instructions.
London, Oct.. 2s.?The Mansion House
fund for the ('hicago sufferers amounted this
morning to f 12 2*>o. The Kelfast subscription
is reported at ?i),uti(i. Very liberal contributiotis
have been received from the towns in
I dster.
llo.MK, Oct. 2s.?An allocution of the Pope
is published, in which, while he recognizes the
bishops appointed by the Italian government
as possessing the requisite qualifications of
their olliecs, lie solemnly repudiates ftaly's
guarantees and protests against the invasion of
the Holy See. The allocution also condoms the
course of Dr. Hollinger, and such as follow his
example in warring against the decisions of the
Keumenicnl ('ouiicil.
M.MUlin, Oct. 2*. In the Cortes yesterday
a memorial from the government was read announcing
that in future the Colonial budget will
be submitted to the Cortes. It was also stated
that the cost of ihe war in Cuba during the
past year had heeii $ii2.0l 111,111 Ml, and that the
colonial dclieit for the year would amount to
?11 .(inn.dud. The government asks lor a military
credit of ?2ii,iMX),ikii.i for military purposes.
A conspiracy lias heeii discovered among the
troops stationed at Pareidolia and twenty men
concerned in it have hocn arrested.
lvo.M h, Oet. 2s.?A conclave of Cardinals to
consider the action the college should take in
event of the Pope's death, is shortly to he held
it some point in France.
From Now York.
Nkw Yokiv, Oct. 2S.?A proposition is
made to close all the stores here on election
day and generally suspend business.
Charles O'Conor states that it can be clearly
shown that Tweed and associates fraudulently
obtained from the Broadway Bank without
any color ot right some $5,01)0,000, and recove
ry cau be obtained ag.iin.st Tweed unless mterfered
with by corrupt legislation within ninety
days. Woodward was the corrupt agent through
whom Tweed worked, An opportunity will be
shortly given to show how the warrants were
obtained from Connolly's office. O'Coucrdoes
not believe Mayor Hall either had a dollar or
knew what was going on, hut blames the Mayor
for standing hy the others and chivalrously
acting as a shield alter the facts were known.
The burden of the proof lies against Tweed
and the enginery of law is directed against
him. If Ingersoll docs not leave lie will be arrested
and probably lose all his property.
O'Conor's efforts will be to protect what is left
and prevent a recurrence of the robberies.
He says Tweed hopes to get into the Legislature
again to have more corrupt hills passed,
to go ha.-k to his offiee in the Hoard of Public
Works and carry on his former corrupt transactions.
This, O'Concr says, must be in-evented.
1 weed shall have all the investigation
he wants.
The Late .Tinnier in ISo.sloii.
Boston, Oct. 28.?The murder of Kate Lechan
is still involved in mystery. Chief of police
Savage requests any information calculated
to throw light upon the traeedy. Wrapped
around the furnace wrench with which the
murder was done was a copy of the Helena,
Clarian newspaper, dated February lbth, 1871,
published in Helena, Arkansas. Any one sending
such paper to persons in this vicinity
should communicate with the chief of police
as it might furnish a clue to the murderer.
Consolidation.
Coi.UMr.rs, Oct. 28.?Articles of consolidation
between the Chicago and Canada
Sunt horn Ibiilwav Ctmimnv and the South
Eastern and .Michigan liailway Company were
iiled in Culumbus yesterday. The capital of
the consolidated company is i?lo,ooiUM)0.
The road will be called the Chicago and (.'anada
Southern liailway with termini at Chicago,
and at a point on the Dot riot river, in the eastern
part of Wayne count)', Michigan.
From California.
San Fkascisco, Oct. "js.?All tint insurance
companies except the People s will continue
business.
The J sis Angelas police abetted the rioters
and two were arrested for robbery. One stole
a diamond from a chinesc doctor who was
hanged.
Yellow Fever.
Four Monuok, Ya., Oct. *2S.?'The schooner
Florence Uogers, from Charleston. S. C., hound
to New York, arrived here to-day, and is
anchored at the lower quarantine. The captain
and second mate died on the passage of yellow
fever.
Tlie Markets.
LoNI?on, ()ct. IIS 1:illi p. m. I'oiisois closed
at '.I'Jl for money, and for account. IJonds
of ISG2. 1ISI'.as, old. I OGTs, '.'ill.
lo- ids, S'.i J.
NK\V York, Oct. L'S. ?Stocks Strong and
steady. Ya. sixes new Gil. Money firm at
7. (Jold heavy at 11;a I li. Flour a shade tinner.
Wheat is liehl higher and quiet. Corn a .-hade
tinner.
15ai.ti.Mi.uk. Oct. L'S.?Ya. sixes, old. t'.?
hid; do. coupon, old. a'.C hid, ;V.?? asked. West
Virginia's 2.r> hid. L'o asked. Cotton dull; low
middlings 17 i. Flour firm and in improved demand.
Wheat firmer: Ohio ami Indiana lGda
1GI; Pennsylvania 1 Goal Go. Corn firmer: new
white Southern Gsa7'2; yellow do. G7a72; mixed
Western 7-a7"?. live tinner at lGa/11..
W viiicixiA ai
GHAi\D CONSERVATIVE RALLY!
A meeting of the Conservative party will be
held ut LIBERTY HALL, on WEDNESDAY
EVENING, November 1st, 1871, 7$ o'clock.
Addresses will bo delivered by distinguished
gentlemen. All are invited to attend.
J NO. B. SMOOT,
oct 27?td County Superintendent. _
j??r Elet'liou Tickets, for thus and the adjoining
counties, printed at this ollice, at cheap
rates. Orders attended to promptly. oc27-8t
Nattans' crystal discovery
is the only article entirely harmless which
restores gray hair to its natural color and youthful
appearance.
NATTANS' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
contains no poisonous substances, no sugar-oflcad,
sulphur or nitrate of silver.
NATTANS' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
restorers gray hair in from three to ten days in
every instance. We warrant it.
NATTANS' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
supplies the hair with new vitality, and hence
stops its falling out.
NATTANS' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
is perfectly cleanly; it does not soil the linger
nails, the finest fabric or anything else. Jewelry,
which has boon blackened by the various sulphur
preparations, it not only does not dirty,
but if applied will beautifully cleanse. Try it.
NATTANS" CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
makes dry and brash hair moist and glossy,
without, however, making it sticky, as other
dirty articles of this kind do. I'oiuadus ami
,iilt mm, l.i, nci.,1 it' /l.xir,./' u'itli tlii< nrcicirn
v..o .to.... I-.-l
turn, without impairing its usefulness.
MATT A MS" CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
restores liuir tn it- natural color in a lew da vs.
MAT TAN'S' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY*
lias, in a ii 11 inImt of in.-lances, produced a new
growth of luiir; though it is not claimed that iL
will be successful in every case.
NATTANS' CRYSTAL DISCOVERY
is put up in large hollies, containing over half as
much more as any other in the market, while its
tlbcts are more prompt ami positive; therefore,
it is certainly the most economical article in use.
In short, there are a thousand reasons why you
should use it in preference to any other?reasons
which have imliieed the masses who use hair restorers
to use it?and chief among which is the
perfect safely with which you call apply it. Try
it, if you have not done soalieady, and though
you may have used something before, or for
years even, yet we can assure you that after giving
('R Y.ST A L DISCO V Eli Y a trial, you will
gladly discard your previous favorite, if your
druggist ha-imt got it, take no other, fortius is the
only preparation you run use with safely, and
which will perform its functions promptly. A.-k
him to get it for you. Price one dollar.
'ARTHUR MATT A MS,
Sole Proprietor.
For sale in Alexandria l>y WAKF1ELD A
HALL, and druggists generally.
\V holesalo A genu: John F. Henry and F. C.
Wells A Co., Mew York; .Johnston, ilolioway
A Lowdcti, Philadelphia. oel 28 ooly
C1A M M'F.D GO< )DS, of all kinds; Tomatoes,
t 2 and '5 lhs Peaches, 2 and I lis, Cherries,
Pineapple and Winston's Corn, for sale at 1 -17
King st. [out 28J W. F. 15R(><)K ES.
VEI, V IfiT E EN K V E L V ETJ<E M S!
Rlaek and Colored, verv cheap, at
GREEN'S NotluN JIG USE,
oct 28 7l? King street.
HOOTS ./.V/> SII O US.
J A DIES' FINE SHOES at
J sep 21 W A DDE Y'S, 7-1 King street.
1ADI KS' HAN DSOM li IJUTToN P.O< )TSat
J sep21 WADDEY S, 71 King street.
X A DIES' WALKING ROOTS.
J A splendid stock, at very low prices, at
Sep 1?1 WA DDE Y'S, 7 I King street.
J A DIES' PARLOR AMD TOJLKTSLIP-A
PKRS?Ladies' French Kid Rroadway
Ladies' Lastim: Rroadway, Turkey Morocct
Broadway, French Kid Toilet, Cu^simercToilet,
Lasting Toilet, Serge and Carpet Slippcnqin every
style and quality, at
sep *21 YV A DDK Y'S, 74 King street.
A DIES' LASTING BOOTS.
-J-J A large stock, with a great variety of new
styles, beautiful and very cheap, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
New styj.es ladies' gaiters m
Sep 21 W ADO FY'S, 74 King street.
MISSES' FANCY COLORED BOOTS, in
new styles and colors; a great variety,
handsome and cheap. Also Misses' Broadway
and Toilet Slippers, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
MISSES; L.\ST 1 NO I?<>< )TS.
In every style, quality and priee, at
sej? 21 \V A OoEY'S, 74 King street.
MISSES' WALKING AND SCHOOL
BOOTS?A large stock, in every styleand
quality; prices low, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
MISSES' FINE BCTToN BOOTS at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
G1 E NTL K M K N'S FIN E D R ESS B< >oTS
r AN D SID >ES?A large stock of newstyles,
very handsome, of the best quality and at low
prices, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
CHI I LD REN'S SCHOOL AND WA LK1 NO
J BOOTS?A large stock and great variety of
styles, at very reduced prices, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
CHILDREN'SFANCYCOLORED BO<)TS.
A splendid slock; new colors, new styles,
handsome, durable and very cheap, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street
INFANTS' BOOTS AND SUFFERS-A
lincstoek, in every color, stylo and quality,
at very reasonable prices, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
BOYS' AND YOUTHS DRESS SHOES.
A good stock of new style?, of line quality,
at low prices,
sop 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
1 JOYS' KIR BOOTS, Boy,- Call Boots,
J Youth's Calf and Kip Boots, Children's
Kip and Calf Boots, at greatly reduced prices, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
LADIES', MISSES AND CHILDREN'S
LUBBER'S at
?ep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street
A LARGE STOCK OF HEAVY GOODS,
suitable for the country, to which we invite
the special attention of country merchants, as
they will he sold very low for money,
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
a t .ni m f IvTtVO M 1 /MIT I
AJji 1 Ul' li.U'J W .uj,irr,p ;uiu vjiii jj1
MIEN'S 1 i( JTS ami Si In KS out??f style,
wliit'll will la! $i.|<l at <>m:-liall' Llio cost of manufacture.
sup 21 WATH)KY'S, 71 King street.
T A I)I KS' Hol'SK SllOKS.
-i J Large stock all* 1 great variety, suitable At
old ladies, at
sop 21 WADDKY'S, 74 King street.
I>OYS-,\N|) YOUTH'S LOOTS, Kip and
y ('nil, good and cheap, at
sep 21 WADDKY'S, 7-i King street.
IIIILDRKN'S MOOTS, NEW STYLES, at
sep 21 WADDKY'S, 74 King street.
T A DIES' FINE WALKING MOOTS at
JLj sep 21 \Y A DDK Y'S, 71 King Street.
JN STOKE.
lOldids E. r. Molasses, Fort Maker.
1<| lilitis 1*. R. Sugar, prime and uie.liuni.
In sacks Rio, Lnguyraand .lava (.'"tlees.
a Idols Side and Sloadder Maori.
2(i Aids Syrups, various grades.
2o boxes Factory Cheese.
1An Aids No. 1 Potomae Herring.
r>u Aids Family Roe Herring.
Lit eases Tea?the lilicst Oolongs, Garden -lapan
ami Gunpowder in market.
A full line of GIKX'ERIKS at tlx.*lowest market
rates.
oct 14 It. M. LAWSPN.
0AVDERW EAR.
Scotch Wool and Merino Vests for gentlemen,
all si/.<s.
Ladies' Merino Vests and Drawers.
Misses' and Roys' Vests.
A tine line of those sLoiit, iron frame W'nit j
(,'otton Hose, both for ladies and children.
Gents' Mrown Cotton Half Hose, of superior
quality, for tlm fall and winter.
Children's Fanev Wool Hose.
Also, Gaiters, wliitu and colored.
Fall colors in superior Kid Gloves; Silk,
Muck an.] other lilied Gloves, .lu-t received,
sop 211 M. STKWA RT.
iVEETISER
_ A UCTl O.V S.i LE S. _
rp RUST EE'S SALE OF TIMBERED
JL LAN D. ?By virtue of u deed of trust from
"Wm. II. Butler to Alfred Moss, recorded on the
Fairfax hind records, liber Z, No. 3, folio 41*1,
the undersigned will, on MONDAY, the 2l>th
day of November, 1871, Court day, in front of
the Court House of Fairfax county, sell, to the
highest bidder, SIXTY-TWO ACRES OF
LAN I), conveyed by said deed. This land lies
near Clifton station, and is well timbered, and
as such a very desirable propertv. II. II. Butler
will take pleasure in showing the properly.
Terms: Cash but arrangements can be made
for a liberal credit. The undersigned, selling as
trustee, will convey only such title us is vested
bv said deed ol trust, which is believed to l>e
good. THOMAS M001IE,
Fairfax co., net 18-wts Sub. Trustee.
/COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VALID
KJ ABLE MILL PROPERTY IN FAUQUIER
CoUNTY.?By virtue of a decree of
the Circuit Court of Fauquier county, pronounced
on the l ltli of September, 1871, in the
chancery cause of Phillips vs. Phillips, adni'r.,
I will, as commissioner therein named, oiler by
public sale, to the highest bidder, at the front
door of the Court liouse of said county, on
MONDA Y, the L'7th day of November. 1871,
Court day, that VALUABLE MILL PROPERTY.
known as the Oat Hill Mill, eontaiuing
about 30 acres of land. in U|?t?er Fauquier, with
mill, STORK, HWKLLINL, &c., thereon,
of which tho laic Th<>ina> Phillips died
.seized ami j
Tim terms of sale require the purchaser to pay
down in cash on the day of sale ten per cent, of
tho purchase money, a sum sullioient to pay tho
expenses of sale ami the costs of suit?ami to execute
bonds with good security for the residue of
the pureliiise money, payable in equal suuisin one,
two and three years, from the day of sale, wi'.li
inlerest lYoin tfiat date. The title to he retained
until the whole purchase money shall be paid
and the properly subject to resale at the ri.-k and
cost of the lirst purchaser upon failure to comply
with terms of sale. KICK VV. I'AYYK,
('cm mission or of Sale.
Fauquier county, net *J3 cots
rpill'STKK'S SA LK. Hv virtue of a deed of
1 tru.-t from .Margaret ileizel, dated 'Jl>t of
August, Ijj'i'.l, recorded in the Land Records of
Fairfax county, Liber K, No. I. Folio p.17, and
for the purpose therein mentioned. I shall oiler
by public miction, at Fairfax Court House, on
MoN f>A Y, tbe'Jiiih of November next, (that
I I... 'PI? \<"P 111." 1 ll in
I Ml lit; I Ml I u *.1.1 HM- I I? vy i
said deed described, containing acres aii<l i!S
poles, it I?i i11 Lot Nn. "J in tin; division of
Samuel L. ami Siismii L. Barnes's real estate.
Tin! aliovi' described property lies about two
milos north of Clifton iiisaid county, ami is valunlilo
for its timber consisting |irinei|>aily of
White Oak. Selling as trustee, I shall convey
such title only as is rested in me, which is believed
to he uiii|Uestio|iahh'.
Terms: Cash. Sale to take place between
II ami I- o'clock. THUS. It. LOVE,
Fairfax county, oct lb ?cots Trustee.
Uy (lirccn *V Wise,
[Ileal Kstatc Agents ami Auctioneers.!
DESIRABLE l'KOl'EKTY UN K1NUST.
Full SA LK.? By virtue of a decree of the
Corporation Court, for the city of Alexandria,
pronounced at its July term, 1ST 1, and a decree
at its October term. 1S71, in the suit of A. .Moran
vs. George Win. I'reiit ct a's., tlie undersigned,
as Commissioner, will, by public uuetioii, in
front of Green's .Mansion Jlousc. in tlie city of
Alexandria, on SATURDAY, tlie 2otli day of
November, 1 ST 1. at 12 o'clock m olfer lbr-ale a
valuable T'HKKKSToKY BRICK HoCSE-rcon
tin- south side of K ing street, in the city
of Alexandria, Va., hetween Fairfax and lloval
streets, n<?w in the posse-siou of A. .Morau, being
twenty feet on King street, and running
back souti, ninety feet.
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase money to
be paid in cash, and the residue to be paid in
three equal instalments, payable at six. twelve,
and eighteen months, with interest from the day
of sale; bonds with good security to be taken for
the deferred payments, and the title to he retained
until Li ley are paid.
GEORGE WM. BitKNT.
oct 21?ts Commissioner of Sale.
MARKET FARM FOR SALE.-Pursuant
to a decree of the County Court of Fairfax j
county, rendered at its .May term, 1S71, in the
juit of .Joseph Bruin use C. L. Mankins against
Thomas Javins the undersigned, the Commissioners
therein named, will oiler at public
auction on SATURDAY, Sept. 3(1 at 12 m., at
C'att's Tavern. West End. that highly cultivated
ami valuable MARKET FARM, belonging to,
and now in possession of. Thomas Javins, con(..ininrr
,ri~? imriu of I Ti d Ivincron till! Little RiVtT
M'rj "v* v*' v "'o
lurnjnkft, about 2 mileswortof Alexandria. The
land is highly improved with good building?,and
is ii most desirable farm.
Terms of sale: Cash, so ninth ns will pay expenses;
residue upon a credit of 1,2, and years,
with interest, to he secured by bonds, with
good security and a deed of trust upon the
premises. C. W. WATTLES.
J). L. SMOOT.
II. "W. THOMAS,
Fairfax county, sep 2?lawts Catniii'rs.
j2\?ir The above sale is postponed until tlus Gth
DAY OF NOVEMBER, first day of Circuit
Court, at Fairfax Court IIouso.
Fairfax county, sop SO-lawU
A 1) M I N I S T It A T 0 K S S A L E
Will be sold, by public auction, at tins residence
of the late Mr. John Young, "River
Farm," on WEDNESDAY, November 1st,
1?71, all the PERSONAL PROPERTY of
which the Paid deceased died possessed, viz:?
Four Work Horses, 2 .Mules and 2 Colts, 'J head
of Cattle, 20 head of fat Sheep with last years'
crop of wool, head of Hogs; the present crop
of Corn, Kve in straw, about -10 tons of Day,
Straw and Fodder, together with a large stock
of FA KM 1 N(I JLM PL KM E NTS, such as Thrashing
Machine, Mower and Reaper, Drain Drill
and Roller, Farm Wagons and Carriuge,
Ploughs, Harrows, Harness, Corn Shelter and
Fan, with numerous articles not necessary to
mention. AlsotheIKHJSKHOLDand K ITCHEN
FURNITURE. Will be sold at the same
time one large SCOW.
Terms: On all sum? of twenty dollars and under
ensl above that amount a credit of six
months will he given, with approved security.
JOJIN C. YD I "NO,
oet 1 d-eoti Administrator.
jy>T FOR SALE.
By virtue of a deed of trust from Henry Coleman,
dated the nth day of April, 1JS7U. and recorded
in liber A, No. 4, folio 1 'JA, llie undersigned,
trustee therein named, will offer for sale,
by public auction, fur cash, on SATURDAY',
tlo; 4th day of November next, in front of the
Mansion House, in the city of Alexandria, at 12
o'clock hi., ti Lot OK GUOU.N' D, in the city??! i
Alexandria, commencing at n point on the north
siil** of Wilkes street 71 met to the oast of the intersection
of West uml Wilkes streets, running'
thence east .'JO feet; thence north i<K> feet; thence
west oO feet; thence south ]IX) feet to the beginning.
There is n FKA M K TKN KM KNT ftp*
on said lot nearly completed. Stamps and.fljujd.
convevaiicing at the cost of the purchaser.
W. AKTHL'K TA YLOK,
oct 2-1awts Trustee.
rpitl'STKK S SA LK.? In pursiianceof a fleet!
JL of tru-t fr<?m Kichard JI. Carter to me,
dated November 22d. IS'JO, duly recorded in the
Clerk's oiljce of the County Court of l*'aii(|iiier,
for purposes therein recited, and at the re<pie.-t of
said Carter. 1 will offer at public sale, to the
highest bidder, on the l?,th 1>AY OF NOYKMI
K It. 1*71. in the town of fpnerville. Fauquier
county, Va., in front of Law's Hotel, 21".J
ACliKS OF LAND, lying near the railroad,
between Kcetortnwn and Salem, adjoining other
land of said Carter,also the lands of .Jeffries, Utterbftck
and Win. Cocke. The same lieing a
part of the farm of .said Carter, called ''Crassland."
It is a very desirable farm, of compact form,
well wooded and watered, finely, adapted to
grass and the production of wheat and Corn?in
a good and healthy neighborhood, and not more
than two miles from the depot. Jl has "n it about
two miles of stone fencing.
The improvements consist of two LOG j**.
DWKLLINGS?one new, a stable, corn alia
bouse and smoke house.
Terms: l?y direction of the parties interested,
I am authorized to sell this farm for one-third
cash and the residuo on a credit of one, two,
three and four years. The deferred payments to
hear interest from day of sale, for which bonds
will be required, to l?e secured !>v deed of tru-t
on the premises, and providing for the payment
of the interest on each deferred pavuiciil annually.
JOHN A. CAKTKli. Trustee.
I wilL.eonvey such title as is vested in mo as
trustee, but it is regarded as unnuestionable, and
besides the grantor will unite with me in a deed
to the purchaser. J. A. C.
Fauquier county, Oct f? 2nwt?
.1 UCTTOJY S.1LES.
rnRU s TEE' S SA LE OF A VALTJABLE
JL F1S1I Eli V ON TH E POTOMAC RIVER.
By virtue of h decree of the Circuit Court for
Charles county, Maryland, sitting us a Court of
Eunity, the undersigned, as trustee, will offer, at
public sale, in front of the Mayor's office, in the
city of Alexandria. Ya., on SATURDAY, the
11 tli day of November, 1871, between 12 and 1
..'clock p. in., that FISHERY, on the Potpniae
river, in said county, known as "THORN'S
GUT," v.f which Samuel Lunt, late of Alexandria,
died seized and possessed.
The Fishery, as reserved in the sale of the
farm heretofore made, comprises a lot of land of
several acres at the lower end of the farm, embracing
the HOUSES attached to the Shore, and
the beach, the entire extent of said farm up the
river, with the right of way thereto.
Terms: The terms of sale, as prescribed by the
decree and further decree of the Court in the
premises, are: One-fourth of the purchase-money
in cash, or as much more as the purchaser
may desire to pay, and the remainder in 0, 12
and IS months, in equal instalments, to be socured
by the notes of the purchaser, bearing interest
from the day of sale, with security, l.> be
approved by the trustee.
.JOHN \V. MITCHELL, Trustee.
C'fiarles county, Md., oct27-eots
15y Green *V Wise,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
"]>Y PUBLIC AUCTION?Will bo offered
A y to the highest bidder <>n the premises, on
THURSDAY, the 2?>th instant, at 3 o'clock p.
in., the desirable LOT and TEN KM ENT.jes,
situated on the N. \V. corner of Prince ami
Columbus streets, lately occupied by the subscriber.
Terms at sale,
oct 11-ts T. B. ROBERTSON.
7.A1*- The property above advertized, corner
Prince and Columbus streets, in consequence of
weather, was not offered. It will be ottered on
TUESDAY morning next, the oI.?t of October,
at 10 o'clock, on the premises. oot2t??ts
r n R UST K K"S S A L K OK V A L U A B L K K K A L
.1. ESTATE.?As substituted trustee in a deed
of trust, executed on the f.tli day of January,
ISA I, by John Tayloe to P. Thornton Lomax, t<?
secure t?> Wm. ll.Tavloe certain debts therein
IMellUoMed. J wiU seM; on the SEVENTH DA V
(M' 1 I-..M 151*.K. i>. i, i ourt nay, hi i\ing
George Court House. thai beautiful FA KM, lying
on tin- I'olonmr river, in King (Joorgt? county.
known I A TTKRTON.
The farm domain- lour hundred ami ninetyeight
(IMS) acres, consisting of river tints umi
high Inn.Is. The DWELLING HOUSE M
is n large hriek building, with nine rooms, Mk
including kitchen, ami has besides baseineiil
rooms or cellars, and is beautifully situated on a
height overlooking the l'otomae. The farm
building- and tenant hoii-es are in good repair,
and the-oil of the farm is of exeellent quality.
The l'otouinc .-(ejimers toueh regularly at a
landing on the farm.
Terms cash. For further particulars apply to
K. lb LK WIS, .Substituted Trustee.
Oak Orove, Westmoreland en., Ya., oet'20-oots
VG(MH) FARM Foil SALE.?1 .shall, on
theSlXTII DAY OF NOV KM HER, 1871,
oiler for sale, before the Court House door oi
Fairfax eormty, to the highest bidder, that
TRACT OF LAND formerly the property of
Rodin Hutchison, adjoining Silas Hutchinson
and others. This land has an abundance of
wood, is well watered, and susceptible of a high
stale of cultivation, being of the red soil. Title
beyond dispute.
Terms easy, and made known on the day of
sale. Mr. Silas liutcbis >n will show this property
to those de-iring to purchase.
M ATTII KW IIA RKISOX,
Executor of Jb W. Harrison.
Fairfax co., net 18?wis
llj' (irrcn it Wise,
[Real K.-tate Agents and Auctioneers.]
MISSION KUS' SALE OF lMtlNCR
V7 STREET l'ROl'KRTY.?In execution of
a decree of the Circuit Court of Alexandria co.,
rendered at November term, ISliS, in the suit of
*f L'!.w. I.. Iitt W icf in* 111* lilwlid'.
julll y IK'HM IV. II W^.I,
signed will i'll'it I*.?r stile, tit public miction, on
SATU ItDA V, the 11 tit day of November next,
nt 12 o'clock tn., in front ol* the Mansion House,
in the city of A lexamlria, u LOT OF d ltOll N I)
in the city of Alexandria, with the Til ItHK-/*-,
STORY BRICK. HOUSE thereon, boundedfiija
as follows: beginning 1?2 feet west of Union st.
and 'J'.i lect Hi inches south of l'rineo street, and
running thence north with a line narullcl to
Union street and binding upon an alley 2b feet
10 inches to l'rineo street; thence along l'rineo
Street 17 l'cct tl inches thenco south parallel to
Union street 44 feet 4inches, more or less; thenco
west parallel with l'rineo street lti feet 'J inches,
more or loss; thenco south parallel to Union si.
22 feet 4 inches, more or less; thence west parallel
to l'rineo street foot 4 inches thenco north
parallel with Union street 5 feet 10 inches to the
Southern extremity of a line of hoard fence separating
the lot from the lino of the lot conveyed
by John C. Vowell to .Samuel 11. Devaughn;
thence along the said hoard fence and the wooden
gate conuocted with it, 32 foot 1 inch to the
beginning.
Terms: One third of the purchase money in
cash, and tin* residue in two equal instalments at
six and twelve months from the day of sale,
with interest; tin* purchaser to give his bonds
fur the deferred instalments, and the title to be
retained until the purchase money is fully paid.
.Stamps and conveyancing at the cost of the
purchaser.
S. FE1MJUSOX 15EACH.
W. ARTHUR TAYLOR.
oct 12-eofs Commissioners of Sale.
A LARUE AND VALUABLE FARM, UN
F A I It F A X C<)., N K Alt Tl I K CI T Y F
ALEX A N Dili A, FOR SALE.? By virtuu of a
decree of the Circuit Court for the county of
Fairfax, rendered in the suit of Mason vs. Mason
and others, the undersigned, commissioners,
will sell, on SATURDAY, the 11th day of November
next, at 12 o'clock hi., in front of the
Mansion llou.-e Hotel, in tin; city of Alexandria,
that Y'ALl'ABLK FARM, in tin; county ol
Fairfax, within a few miles of the city of Alexandria,
well known as the estate of the late 1 Jr.
Jt. C. Mason. This desirable farm contains
acres, 2 roods and 20 poles. The soil is very fertile,
a portion of it bum# rich meadow land. The
farm is delightfully situated in an excellent
neighborhood, and adjoining "Huntley'' and
other lands: in a high statu of cultivation. The
farm has been divided into three tracts, and will
he sold as a whole or subdivided to suit purchasers.
Terms: One-fourth of the purchaso money to
be paid in cash, and the residue in throe equal
instalments at 12 and IK months, with interest
from the day of sale the deferred payments to
he secur. d by the notes of the purchaser, satisfactorily
endorsed, and the title to he retained
until the purchase money is fully paid. Stamps
ami conveyancing at the expenseof the purchaser.
II. O. ('LALKiilTON,
M. I). IJALL, Comm'rs.
Fairfax county, octh-2awts
COMMISSIONERS SALE OF VALUA)
RLE REAL ESTATE IN FAIRFAX
COUNTY".?Ry virtue of a. decree of theCircuit
Court of Fairfax county, pronounced at the June
term, iHT.y, in the suit of Grady administrator
vs. dames J. Love and others, the undersigned,
commissioner, in said decree named,
will, on MoN DA Y, the Oth day of November,
1*71, that being Circuit Court day, oiler for sale,
to the highest bidder, before the door of the
Court House *if Fairfax county, at 12 o'clock m.,
thai valuable TRACT OF LAND, lying on the
(jerniantown road, in said county, about four
miles west of Vienna station, and on which Mr.
Sinklield resides, containing TIM ACRES. ThU
land is improved bv u new FRAME I)\\ KLLING,
with other buildings; has an abundance
of wood, is finely watered, and theJBailL
soil susceptible of easy and rapid improvement.
Terms; One-tenth of the purchase money in
hand on the day of sale, liable to be forfeited
should the purchaser fail to complete his purchase;
the residue in three equal instalments,
payable at six, twelve and eighteen months, with
interest from the. day of side, to be secured by
the notes of the purchaser, and the title to be retained
until the last payment is made. Stamps
and deed at the cost of the purchaser.
MATTHEW HARRISON, Com. of Sale.
Fairfax county, ecp 27-wts
SERGE A NT'S SA LK. Rv virtu re of an order
issued by the Corporation Court of the
City of Alexandria, at the Julv term, 1*71, and
to me directed in the case of Samuel 1'. Thompson
vs. John C. McCracken, 1 will sell at public
auction in front of the premises on Til U US DAY
the '.tih day of November, 1*71, at 1 o'clock
P. M., all the right, title and interest (the same
being tW<* fee simple estate subject to the life interest
of his wife Mary McCracken) of the said
.John C. McCracken, in the BRICK,
DWELLING and LOT, occupied by -flilE.
U. M. .Monroe, situated in the city of Alexandria,
on the east ?ide of Water street, between King
and Prince streets, to the highest bidder.
Terms cash. J. m. fcJTEUAKT,
oct 'J cots Sergeant.
i