1
-1
r;
.i
1 i I I s
-.1
It 1 1 13 1 111'
,4 V U
r
4
V

f.
KNOXVILLE, TENN., THURSDAYi MORNING, DECEMBER 28, 1871.
1
NO. 200.
i i
VPL. II.
I
t i
if i
1"
i
LATEST-BY i
:BGRAPH.
J?r.Mri nr Tin: r f lll.E.
HOME NEWS.!,
BI KSTIXO )F A CAXSrOX.
lit I
i i III Trrtitmciit of rcto-s iu Jlissonrl, dc'
I AVasiunotox, Dec. 'JT.An old cannon ex
ploded near Seymour, Indiana, killing two and
wounding one. I
The Missouri Democrat Las a special, narrat
ing raid on the negroes in Saline county, 3Iis-
souri. A person from thence saw two hanging
Hnd three dead in the road. i
v Xkw YoRK,Dec.27. The 7iiwhasinfornia
tion that Tweed has fled the country oris skulk
inyo avoid commitrncnt I f
Fl6reIc'e, FiBrlcy has withdrawn from Tweed's
bail. r-.-o
Tlic exacpination of the property iualif
of Tweeds hail is progressing.
tication
The Herald1 Matamoras special says that
."Monterey ices of the 20th are positively
vcrtain that-thS government officials are leagued
with the revolutionists, and will turn, the
entire border over to the revolutionists.
Yesterday as a coal train approached Lacka
wfiniT"a"rock""weIghing "nine tons 'foil 'on the
track badly wrecking the engine and killing
me man. The train was thrown high in the air,
and fifteen cars tell rbrty feet into the river.'
.James V. Hackett, a veteran actor, is dan
gerously ill. v
The ilUappearancc of Tweed hai been con
firmed. Terrcnce Fairley, who desired to with
drawjfrcm the bail, was'informed that he must
produce Tweed firt. Other bail was offered in
lieu of Farley'i?, but was refused. The officers
are watching the points of departure to prevent
Tweed's escape, who was supposed to be con
ijcaled in the city. Tweed's lawyers are niov
ir.g to vacate the order of the court restrain
ing Tweed from selling propert, but' were un
successful. The auction of sales of coal to-day indicates
decline from the past month' s prices.
Cincinnati, Dec. 27. Tom S. Herb, bag
page master on the l'ittsburg and Fort "Wayne
Railroad", has been arrested in charge of'a
corpseMrs." McCoy, which was taken from the
Chicago Assignation Iloue. Poison or abor
Zon n suf pooteu. t 2 v
Kittlani), Vkrmont, Dec. 27. Farwell and
Lawrence, two saloou keepers, cast of Arling
ton, shot live ersons, two dead and throe fatally'
-wounded. Farwell and Lawrence were ar
rested.
I KHKC, '27. A dispatch ays a b-x was
left at the Grand Trunk depot by an unknown
person. The box contained a dead woman mu
tiUted. Silt Lake, Dec. L'7. There is further reports
if snow slides with a loss of life in the mining
districts. The weather is very bad and is
snowing to-day. t
Pittshcrg, Dec. L'7. The residence of C. A.
"Woods, of Pittsburg, at "Wheatland, was de
?troyed by fire on Christmas Day. Two servant
girls perished in the flames.
Sacramento, Dec. 27. The traiiis east were
"u time. The damage to the roads 1)3' the storm
if small.
r.w Orleans, Dec! 27. John Hampton,
rst officer of the ship Success, was accidentally
drowned.
Mrs. "WaHon accidentally caught lire and
was burned to death.
II. Bench was accidentally shot by Joel Can-
Two pcrsou.s were dangerously stabbed .and
two dangerously ihot by assault; five accident
ally shot; .nine boys severely injured by a gun
powder explosion, two of which aro dangerous.
During Christmas day and night the police
made one hundred and ninety-two arrests, all of
which were for minor offenses. Drunkeness
predominated. AH thebovc occurred on Sun
dsy and Christmas.
Macqx, Lis,., Dec. 27.-A tire ball burned
tear stores on' Cherry Street; loss sixty thou
sand r
Vicksburg, Dec. 27. The Kate Kearney is
.vjak at tho head ,of Island eighty-two. Iso
ii res? were lost'- v
iT. Louis, Dec 27. Duke Alexis will arrive
Janiiary th. The reception arrangements are
cemp lele.-
Tliei 'e is V be a ball and banquet at the South
ern Hot 1 on Monday night.
Inform ution from Chicot county rcprescntsall
as quiet.
Ansai-oi'.!?, Dec. 27. The. defense in Mrs.
Vhartoirs:: "asc hue commenced examining
witnesses.
FOREIGN. i
tiiii:ks ox the ixcomc tax.
The Prince or Wales' OiiTalescenec, Ac.
1'aris, Dec. 27. Thiers spoke earnestly in
the Assembly against levying an income tax.
Several prominent citizens of the department
f Ardennes have been arrested in consequence
of quarrels between the Bavarians quartered
there and French citizens.
The Germans are making a census of the pri
vato fortunes of the wealthier citizens of the
occupied departments.
The Minister of the Interior, with the alleged
approval of Thiers, is making more stringent
Regulations for checking the license of public
journals.- t .v; I
Sasdrixgham, Dec. 27 Noon. The Prince
,Jf Wales passed a quiet night, hut oonvales
"ce is retarded by a painful afnictioa above
left hip, accompanied by feverishness.
Thire is no unquietude regarding the result of
'.se ailments, but tardy convalescence defeats
proposed holiday rejoicings. s r.
haxghai, Dec. 27.- tfVhe Chinese, imitating
Japanese, are sending youths to England
aci Amcric to be educated.
axdox, Dec 27, Tlie (Juecn has returned
froraS&ndringham.
Hataxa, Dec 27. Valmaseda hai issued a
proclamation in which he says tho pardon of
fered the insurgeats csjtnot last always. lie
-ow proclaims that every insurgent capture
after the loth day of January, 1872, will ho
shot,and those who surrender after that date
.willCbescntcnced to imprisonment.. The ne
groesare to be treated the game as while sol-
iprs.' All negro women captured will .be de
livered to their owner, and will be compelled
toVcnrV chain four years.
All fwhite. or black women captured in the
woods afteAhe loth of January will be ban-
isnea irom ine country.
I The chiefs of the insurgent bands will be al
lowcd.to tho 15th of January to surrender,- un
der conditions heretofore granted.
Hom e, Dec. 27. The Bishop of Palestine and
Vice Chancellor of the Roman Church is dead.
IIcrwas78 years old, and was elevated to Cardi
nal in 1337.
j Emanuel congratulates Victoria upon the
safetj' cf the Prince of "Wales.
yifxA, Dec. 27. Prince Karl of Aucrs
berg has been appointed President of the Up
per House of the lleichsrath.
WASHINGTON.
c from the OtpiCjU.
"Washington, Dec. 27. The President has
tho usual reception on New Years.
The Secretary of the .Navy has returned.
There is but little doing at tho Depart
ments. The committee investigating Spinners af
fairs finds so farno further defalcations.
The President and the Party.
From Harpers' Weekly.
(kre f the clearest and most vigoro us of
political writers in this nation U George
W. Curtis, editor of JIarper&" "Weekly. Far
removed from all corrupti influences''; edi
tor of a paper that sends its three hundred
thousand weekly messages all over the
world; of grea j sagacity and conspicuous
integrity, his judgment is" entitled to the
greatest respect. Of the Retrenchment
Committee debate and the assaults upon
the President he says r ,v f.
If,'indeecl, the President can be hown
to le personally implicated in dishonest
dealings, the sentiment of the Republican
party, which now demands his renomina
tion; would instantly change. Rut for
more than two years the attempt to impli
cate him has been made with a steady fe
rocity, only surpassed by its futility. In
every way, by every kind of false asser
tion and malignant inuendo, the assault
has been urged ujon the private and pub
lic character of a man whose service to
the -.country ie incalculable. Calledivto, ?i
position' of vat responsibility for whifh
bis previous illustrious career had not es
l?cially prepared him, but which lie could
not decline; involved at once in the ter
rible net .of. the .-abuse of thv; civil -scivicV
system, Which the practice'of 'evenf party
for forty years had meshed about the Pres-J
ident: with nothing but his honest pvi
pose and his proved patriotism and sag:.
ity to depend upon; saluted in his first
sincere cllbrts at political independence by
the sneering amazement of many of his
own party President Grant, with all the
mistakes and misfortunes which have
marked his ad ministration as they must,
of a necessity, mark every administration
is stronger in the public confidence in the
third year of that administration thahany
previous President, and is the undoubted
choice of the vast majority of the party
for the.uext four years.
He f.s a plain man peculiarly a man of
the people in the American tense simple
in his manners and habits and tastes. He
is not a scholar like John Qulncy Adams,
nor a courtier like Martin Van Ruren, nor
a natural diplomatist like Abraham Lin
coln. He speaks to the point, and makes
his opinions and sympathies evident. 1 lis
personal attachments are very strong, and
his fidelity to his friends so constant that
lie is slow to suspect evil. Rut so steady
and malignant has. been the misrepre
sentation of him Wd his administration
in a 'thousand petty personal details
smoking, driving, traveling, associates,
property that his real character and posi
tion are obscured to many good men hi the
country by a thick cloud of slander.
He is called a member of the Seneca
Stone Ring because he does not sell stock
which he bought before he became Presi
dent, and which he holds as every Senator
or other high public officer holds his pri
vate property. It is a property largely
held in Washington, and the quarry is
near the city; consequently, it is much
used there and, as certain active proprie
tors push it,as all such interests are pushed,
the President, because he does not sell his
stock, is accused of corrupt complicity.
He is called mercenary and mean, although
he spends all his salary and his small pri
vate income in maintaining the proper
dignity of his office. He has unquestiona
bly accepted certain gifts, offered in grate
ful recognition of his services in the field,
as Cobden received them for his services in
Parliament and on the platform, and as
General McClellau received his house,
without suspicion cast upon hi motives.
So, also, some of his relations are in office.
We should be glad if this .were not so;
but, even accepting the most malicious and
exaggerated statement of the case, the
country will hardly feel that it is a fact
which involves more than a question of
taste, unless It appears that those persons
are incompetent or corrupt. r
Rut as we said, all the., attempts to in
volve the President in dishonest transac
tions, although unscrupulously renewed,
have conspicuopsly and totally failed.
Kven in the debate upon Senator Trum
bulPs resolution, Senator Schurz, while
insisting that there was some mysterious
power above the Secretary of the Treasury
which protected the general order system,
honorably said "There had not been suf
ficient evidence to connect any one at the
White House with this business; although
sucji allegations had been made." If it be
the wish of Senators Trumbull and Schurz
to investigate fairly the honesty and econ
omy of the public service,all good citizens
are with them. Rut if their object be to
identify the Republican Administration
with dishonesty in the service, the coun
try will hardly forget that General Grant
is the only President who has strenuously
insisted upon a reform of the whole sys
tem of party patronage to which the
Senators are not strangers the only Pres
ident who has recommended it to Congress,
and who only awaits the completion of
necessary details to put it in execution.
The evil practice of thp Civil Service,
necessarily breeding corruption, was first
formally opposed by General Grant in his
first annual message, in which he said
"There has been no hesitation in chang
ing officials in order to secure an efficient
execution of the laws sometimes, too,
when, in a mere party view, undesirable
political results were likely to follow. Nor
has there been any hesitation in retaining
efficient officials against remonstrance
wholly political." That he has been some
times overborne by the tremendous power
of an evil system, we do not deny. Rut he
has not relaxed his purpose to grapple with
it and, Congress having expressly au
thorized him to undertake the work, he
states quietly in his third annual message
that apian of reform "shall have a fair
trial." The President is not a rhetorican,
but he says what hemcans,and the country
understands him. f
Harrow 'Wangc from Clifton to KnoxTllle.
Editoks Chronicle The idea of
Charleston, Wilmington, Norfolk and
Richmond being connected with Knox
villo by a new link of railroad extending
from Clifton to the latter place appears to
be a foregone conclusion, and is no longer
spoken of as a matter of novelty or told in
words of idle jest. Public necessity de
mands it and public sentiment will force
it through. Those who were the least
sanguine and the most indifferent toward
the enterprise at first now acknowledge it
to be;onI.ya question of time, and that
time to be measured or calculated by the
energy, generosity and combination of the
leopIe, along the line. At present Jeffer
son county enjoys the privileges and ad
vantages of two railroads, the East Ten
nessee, Virginia and Georgia Road run
ning through her north side, and the Cin
cinnati, Cumberland Gap and Charleston
Road S across i her east end, at present,
through the energetic efforts of her effi
cient corps of commissioners, she appears
to be trying to excel in this new enter
prise. We notice iu looking over the subscrip
tion book, opened by the Commissioners,
that $4,000 subscription was received and
four miles and a half of grading went un
der contract on the first day (Judge Swan
being the subscriber and contractor.)
In order to demonstrate the correctness and
sincerity of Jelferson county in this matter
we here introduced a few facts and fig
ures. About 18 years ago she had no rail
road and knew but little of their value, at
that time. In 1S4S when the charter of the
E. T. fc V. road was applied for her tax
list shows that all her land was valued at
Sl,Os2,(51i),00. She was then called upon to
help build the road, to which she liber
ally responded by loaning her credit to the
amount of S30.000.00. In 1854 the road
was completed and her Ittixable -wealth
had increased to S1,G07,S64,00, bfcing an in
crease of pousiderably over half a million
dollars; and.within j a, few dollars'; of half
as much as fehe was worth in 1S43.
The aggregate value of her lands in 1SG7
was S.M...2ivf betnir an lne.r;htt sinc-lHAS
f over ctr;1V :ndni'!wi)8aiid dollars,
thus throwing into the county treasury a
revenue of more than six times the inter
est on SoO.OOO, per cent, bonds, also her
lands along this line, before this road was
built, that sold at private sale at S10 per
acre, after it was completed the same quali
ty of lauds sold at S40 per-acre. These
facts taken from the county records pre
sent, a view that is interesting and grati
fying to every citizen of the count y, and
constitute a record that we may all be proud
of." Then," when this third line of road
passes through her center and south side,
she can well define her position as being
second only to Knox and boast of he pride,
her power and her glory.
Pno Roxo Publico.
Experience of a Reporter.
Mark Twain iu a recent lecture, among
other subjects gave a sketch of his -experience
as a (newspaper reporter and relates
how it happened. He received an invita
tion one day from a newspaper in Virginia
City, with which he had been correspond
ing, to come and be a reporter on that
journal, at a salary of $2o a week in gold.
He went, and remained three years. The
life of a reporter was described in the fol
lowing terms
I reported on that morning newspaper
three years, and it was pretty hard work.
Rut I enjoyed its attractions. Reporting is
the best school in the world to get a knowl
edge of human beings, human nature and
human ways. A nice,gentlemanly reporter
I make no reference is well tread by
everybody., Just think of the wide range
of his acquaintanceship, his experience of
life and society 1 No othe occupation brings
a man into such familiar sociable relations
with all grades and classes of people. The
last thing at night midnight he goes
brousing around after items among police
and jail qirds, in the lock-up, questioning
the prisoners, and making lasting friend
ships with some of the worst people in the
world. Laughter.
The very next evening he gets himself
up regardless of expense, puts on all the
good clothes his friends have got laugh
ter, "goes and takes dinner with the Gov
ernor, or the commander-in-chief of the
district, the United States Senator and
some more of the upper crust of society.
He is on good terms with all of them, and
is present at every public gathering, and
has easy access to every variety of people.
"Why, I breakfasted almost every morning
with the Governor, dined with the princi-
Eal clergyman and slept in the station
ouse. (Laughter.)
A reporter has to lie a little, of course,
or they1 would discharge him. That is the
only drawback to the profession. That is
why I left it. Laughter. Iam different
from Washington I have a higher and
grander standard of principle. Washing
ton could not lie. I can lie, but I won't.
Prolonged laughter. Reporting is fasci
nating, but then It is distressing to have
to lie so. Lying is bad lying is very bad.
Every individual in this house knows that
by experience. I think that for a man to
tell a lie when he can't make anything by
it, is wrong. Laughter
INTERNATIONALISM! I? THE PULPIT.
"I honor the Internationals," said the Rev.
Dr. Deems in the orthodox Church of the
Strangers yesterday. "I care nothing for
their red Hag. That is but an idle symbol.
They desire to unite mankind into one
grand brotherhood. For that I honor
them. I, too, desire to see mankind united
in one grand brotherhood, and feel that
the day will surely come whenjthev will
be so. The Internationals seek to abolish
war. In that I agree with them. Statis
tics show that for every five hundred cents
spent by nations upon war, but one cent i
spent upon the spread of the gospel."
V. Y. Sun, Dcc.2oth,
An Elopement.
Win. Moore, a well-to-do citizen of the 6th
district in this county a few days ago lelt for
parts unknown with the wife of one of his
neighbors. Both parties left their companions
anda largo family of children behind.
Moore has been for a number of years sus
pected of being an unprincipled man. Uis first
wife was a woman of excellent character and
considerable property. After, they had lived
together several years another woman gained
Moore's affections and his wife died rather
mysteriously leaving several children. She
was suspected of having been dosed with poi
son however, it was never proven. Moore was
soon married to the other and lived with her
until within a few days.
Of late he has been very intimate with a
neighbor's wife spoken of above, but whose
name, for the sako of the unfortunate husband,
wo suppress.
A few days ago she complained of being sick
and her husband brought her to this city for
medical advice, and not thinking her able to
return home, left her at the house of a relative
a short distance from town. ZZZa
That night she left and has not since been
heard from. Mooro left at the same time and
it is supposed they took the cars at this point.
Before leaving Moore sold a large part of his
land, and carried away a considerable amount
of cash which he had on hand. He was a man
of considerable property. The occurrence
creates much excitement in the neigbor
hood where it occurred. As would naturally be
supposed, each family is in a very .disconsolate
state of mind. j i
Meeting of Citizen.
Tho following is the report of a meeting of
the citizens and voters of the city of Knoiville
held for the purpose of nominating a citizens'
candidate for Mayor ftr thtf coming year, as
furnished by the Secretary, Mr. Gaines
In pursuance to numerous calls for a meet
ing to beheld this Wednesday evening at the
court house in Knoiville for the purpose of
nominating a citizens' candidate for Mayor, to
be voted for at the coming election on the first
Saturday in January next, there was a large
meeting of the voters from the various Wards
of the city present
On motion S, Munson was called to the chair
and A. Gaines appointed Secretary of the meet
ing which, being duly organized, a motion was
made and carried for the appointing of a com
mittee of eight, consisting of one from each
Ward composing the city, to make nomination
of a suitable candidate to be placed before
tho meeting for their ratification.
lne following gentlemen Were appointed from
those present as said committee S D J Lewis,
James Maloy, T M Schleier, M D Swan, W P
Yardley, M L Pattarson, T Conner.
The committee retired for consultation, and
after due deliberation, unanimously reported
and recommended tho name of Col. James C.
Luttrell, which was, upon motion, unanimously
adopted by tho meeting.
There being no further business, the meeting
adjourned tine die.
S. Muxsox, Chairman.
A. Gaixes, Secretary. T
Ornml Temiranee Itally.
Three cheers for Jlhe friends of Temperance
south of the river. There was, on yestcrdaj-,
one of the largest and most enthusiastic gather
ings I'ver witnessed in this country. Pullv live
L UodrPtLiQ4.e were, io ttuiulaiic It em
braced 3-oung ana old, and male and temale.
Some three or four Divisions were represented.
Indeed it was a glorious occasion, one which
the writer will not soon forget.
At an early hour a procession was formed, and
after marching and counter marching awhile,
the immense throng filed into the large church
in the neighborhood, anfi' was soon packed by
the crowd. Devotional exercises were perform
ed by the Kev. Mr. Emery, after which the
same gentleman was introduced by Captain
Hawn, master of cerimonics, who is a warm and
intelligent advocate of Temperance. Mr. Em
csy made some pertinent remark? and took his
seat.
C. W. Charlton was then introduced and
spoke for one hour. He took high ground on
tfie subject, dealt some heavy blows at church
members and many of the clergy for their want
of co-operation in the temperance reform. He
was listened to with marked attention through
out his remarks. The exercises then closed,
when the crowd repaired to a long table which
was covered with every luxury. It was a splen
did dinner. There was enough for al!, and a
good deal to spare. God bless the people south
of the river j
The Sublime Torte and Khedive of
Egypt have refused to purchase the Suez
Canal, and M. DeLesseps is now applying
to other governments to effect a sale.
Medical.
The symptoms of liver com
plaint are uneasiness and
pain in the side. Sometimes
the pain is in the shoulder,
and is mistaken for rheuma
tism. The stomach is affected
with loss of appetite and
sickness, bowels in general
costi ve.comc alternating with
SIMMONS
lax. The head is troubled with pain, and dull, heavy
sensation, considerable loss of memory, accompanied
i with rninfnl sensation of hav
ing left undone something
which ought to have been
done. Often complaining of
weakness, debility, and low
spirits. Sometimes many of
the above symptoms attend
the disease, and at other
the liver is generally the organ most involved. Cure
the Liver with
DR. SIMMONS'
Liver Regulator,
A preparation of roots and herbs, warranted to
strictly vegetable, and can do no injury to any one.
Jt has been used by hundreds, am known for the
last 40 years as one of the most reliable efficacious and
harmless preparations ever offered to thi suffering. If
taken regularly and permanently it is
SURE TO CURE
Dyspepsia, headache, jaun
dice, costivenes?, sick head
ache, chronic diarrhoea, affec
tions of the bladder, camp
dysentery, affections of the
kidneys, fever, nervousness,
chills, diseases of the skin,
impurity of the blood, melan
choly, or depression of spirits.
REGULATOR.
heartburn, colic, or pains in the boweLi, pain in the
head, fever and ague, dropsy, boils, pain in the back.
Prepared only by Y
J. II. JtElLIN A CO..
Irngrgists, Mncon, Georgia.
Price. $1 by mail. $1.25.
t- For sale by all Druggist?, and by wholesale at
T. C. IIILVTEII'S, KiiOXYillC.
marchl dly
THE BATTLE HOUSE,
T HAVE LEASED THE II0TEL LATELY KNOWN
1 as the Stacey House, nd will henceforth conduo
it in the most approved style.
The patronage of the public generally, and ef my old
friends particularly, who have stood by me so truly in
the past, is respectfully solicited. I promise tbem a
cordial reception and s comfortable home at the Battle
House. JOEL A. BATTLE.
It will be seen from the above that I have leased the
Stacey House to General Battle. In retiring from the
I osition which I have occupied for several years in
this city. I desire to tender my thanks and kind wishes
to old friends, and to earnestly entreat a continuation
of their patronage to my successor, as cne who will
make their stay with him comfortable in every respect,
ville. Janl7-dtf-w 2a9X1 J. E. STACEY.
LIVER
Xew Alvertlements.
FREE TO BOOK AGENTS.
We will send a handsome Pro? pectus of our New Illus
trated Family Bible, containing over 200 fine Scripture
Illustrations to any Book Ajrent, free of charge. Ad
dress National Publishing Co., Thila Pa,, Atlanta,
Oa., or St. Louis, Mo.
HISTORY OF
The Great Fires
In CHICAGO and the WEST by Rev. E. J.Gooo
arD, D.D.. of Chicago. Only comple'.a history. 700
8vo. pages t'O engravings. 70,000 already sold. Price
$2.50. 3)00 agents made in 20 day?. Profits go to suf
ferers. Agents wanted. II. S. GOODSPEED fc CO..
'SI Park Row, New York.
HRIGGS RROTHER'S
Catalogue of Flower Vegetable
SEEDS
Summer Flowering Bnlb for 1972;
Now ready. Consisting of over 130 pages, on rose
tinted rPer, with upwards of 400 separate cuts, and
ix beautiful colored plates Cover, a beautiful de
sign, in colors. The richest Catalogue ever published.
Send 25 cents for copy, not one-half the value of the
colored plate. In the first order, amounting to not
less than SI, the price of Catalogue, 25c. will be re
funded in seeds. New customers placed on the same
footing with old. Free to old customers. Quality of
seeds, siie of packets, prices and premiums offered,
make it te the advantage of all to purchase seeds of ns.
See Catabguo for extraordinary inducements.
You will miss it if you do not see our Catalogues be
fore or ering Seeds.
Either of our two Chromos for 1S72. size 19x24 one a
flower plate of Bulbous Plant, consisting of Lillies.
Ac the other of Annual, Bienniul and Perennial
Plants, guaranteed the
MOST ELEGANT FLORAL CHROMOS
ever issued in this country- A superb parlor ornament;
mailed, post-paid, on receipt of 75c; also free, on con
ditions specified in Catalogue. Address
BKIGGS k BROTHER.
Established 1845.1 Rochester, New York.
Bloomington Nursery, Illinois.
20th YEAR I 6X0 ACRES!- 13 GREEN-IIOTJSES
Larxrcst Assortment. Best- Stocfc.- -Lw
Prleesi.: Trees, Shrubs, Plants, Bulbs, Seeds. Stocks,
Grafts. &c IOO Page lllnslratetl Catalogue,
10 Cents. Bulb, Plant, Seed Catalogues, all lor 10
cents. Wholesale Price List, free. Send for these be
fore huvin? elsewhere.
1 F. Ii. PHOENIX, nioominctoii, III.
IPROFITABLE BUSINESS
Will be given one or two persons of either sex. in
Kkoxtillk and adioininz towns, by which they may
realize from $300 to $1000 a year, with but little inter
fprance with ordinary occupation, in selling HOUSE
HOLD ARTICLES of real merit and universal use'
If the whole time is devoted a much larger sum may be
realized. Circulars free, giving complete Ut ot arti
cles and commissions allowed.
T. S. COOK A CO, Hoboken. N. J.
$425
AMOXTIT! Horse furnished. Expenses
paid. U. U.SilAW, AUred.iUe.
At. EXT J Wanted. Agents make more monoy at
work for us than at anything else. Business light
and permanent. Particulars free. (5. STISS0N Jt
CO., i ine Art Publiihers, Portland, Maine.
OPIUM EATERS 1 cured of the habit, ad
dress 1. E. CLARKE, M. Mount V crnon, Ohio.
FUNDED Send to W: O. Hamilton St Co., Whnl?l
Druffsnsts. Cincinnati. Ohio, for one bottle of KREbS
FEVER A'D AGUE T0MC. Sent prepaid for
For tlie Kidney and Liver
Use Hamilton's BUCHU, AND DANDELION. Ju-t
what your nhvsici'in nrescribes. Sent nrenaid for 1
per bottle, by W. C Hamilton A Co., Druggists, Cin-1
cinnati, Unio.
Election Aotlcc.
OFFICE CHIEF MARSHAL,
Knuxvillk. Dec. 5, 1871.
T WILL OPEN AND HOLD AN ELECTION ON
X the
Gth Day of January, 1872,
being the first Saturday in January, in the respective
wardsof the city, forthe purpose of electing a Mayor
ior iae ciiy 01 jvnoxvuic ana two Aiaermen ior eacn
ward. WM. A. HARPER,
Dec. -27, lS71-d6t Chief Marshal.
Slierl it's Sole?.
XV VTRTTTE flP A YTWnTTTft'VT VYT'fWie TC
1) SUED from the Circuit Court cf Knox county. Ten
nessee, and to me directed. I will, on Saturday, the tlth
day of January, 1872, sell for eash in hand, in front of
ne court nouse m h.nox vine, all tne right, title, claim,
interest and demand that Joseph Davis has in and to a
certain tract or parcel of land, lying and situated in the
16th civil district of Knox county, Tennessee, adjoining
iae lanua ui 1. i'l. 11 uiiauiB, iuuses xtutseu anu omen?,
containing twenty-eight acres, more or less. Levied
on to satisfy a judgment in favor of It. L. McBes vs,
Joseph Davis, stay or, Ac.
decl3wlt V. F. G0SSETT, Sheriff.
BY VIRTUE OF A VENDITIONI EXPONAS,
issued from the Circuit Court 01 Knox county, Ten
nessee, and to me directed, I will, on Saturday, the 6th
day of January, 1872, in front of the court house in
Knoxville, sell for cash in hand, all the right, title,
claim, interest and demand that Paul (laudine has in
and to a certain tract or parcel of land Xecept so
mucu 01 said tract as is exempt troin execution under
the homestead law) lying and situated in the 12th civil
district ef Knox county, Tennessee, adjoining the lands
of A. Looney and the heirs of Jesse Lo lies and others,
containing about eight hundred acres. Levied on to
satisfy judgment in favor of John S. Van (Jildervs.
Paul Gaudine.
decl3wlt V. F. (I0SSETT, Sheriff.
Y VIRTUE OF A VENDITIONI EXPONAS.
i.4KnpI from flip flironit. Cnnri nf It'nnT nuint, T.n
nessee. and to me directed, 1 will sell for cash in hand,
in front of the court house in Knoxville. in tkn hicrhevt
bidder, at public outcry, on Saturday, the 6th day of
tfduuary. ioi, an me ngni, uue, ciaim, interest ana
demand that H. P. Gault has in and to a certain house
and lotj situated and lying in the 2d civil district of
Knox county, Tennessee, fronting about one hundred
and forty feet on Ci orier street, and seventy-five feet on
Depot street, being north of Depot street and west of
Crozier street. Levied on as the property of 11. p.
Gault, to satisfy a judgment in favor of Levi McCloud
vs. Sterling Booker and H. P. Gault.
decl3w4t V. P. GOSSETT, Sheriff.
BY VIRTUE OF A VENDITIONI EXPONAS,
issued from the Circuit Court of Knox county. Ten
nessee, and to me directed, 1 will sell for cash in hand,
in front of the court house in Knoxville. on Saturday,
the 6th day ol' January. 1872, all the right, title, claim,
interest and demand that Peyton Moulden has in and
to a certain tract of land, lying and situated in thel6th
civil district of Knox county, Tennessee, adjoining the
ands of George Rule, Oswald Sharp and outers, to sat
isfy a judarmentin the Circuit Court of Knox county, in
favor of W. H. Blake vs. Peyton Moulden.
dccBw4t V.F.GOSSETT, Sheriff.
BY VIRTUE OF AN EXECUTION. ISSUED
from the Circuit Court of Knox county, Ten
nessee, andj to me directed, I will, on Saturday,
the 6th day of January, 137i sell for cash in hand, all
the right, title, claim interest and demand, that H. L.
W. Mynatt has in and to the following described
property, viz: A certain lot or parcel ot land on Water
street, in the city of Knoxville, 1st civil district of
Knox county, Tennessee, beginning on a stake, on the
south east side( of an alley, at its intersection with
Water Ktreet. on the east side of Water street; thence
about forty feet south, with Water street, to a stake;
thence east fifty feet to a stake, in the corporation or
Scott's line; thence northwardly with Scott's line, forty
feet to a stake and an alley;thence with the aid alley to
the beginning, bcin g a part of lot No. 13 in Kennedy's
addition to Knoxville.
The following described two lots of ground, lying in
Knox county and what i3 known as MeGhee's addition
to Knoxville: that is lot No. CO. fronting feet on
the east side of Atkin street and running easterly 120
feet to an alley, and lot No 62 fronting 4S east, on east
side of Atkin street, and running back liO feet to an
alley; also, one farm containingne hundred acres of
land, more or less, in the 4th civil district of Knox
county. Tennessee, known a j the Coram farm. Hnd
joining the lands of S. J. Tarver, R. U. Mynatt, Fred
yoram and others: ana one farm containing one hun
dred acres of land, more or less, lying and situated in
the 5th civil district of Knox county, Tennessee, on
Copper Ridge, adjoining the land of David Fouste and
others: all of said property is levied or. as the property
of H. L. W. Mynatt, to f atisfy a judgment it the Cir
cuit Court of Knox county, in favor of the State, for
the use of Knox county vs. H. L. W. Mynatt and oth
ers.:
decl3wit V.F.GQSSEIT.SierifC
THE HOLIDAYS!
CHRISTMAS IS COMING
AND ALL ARE PREPARING FOR IT
PETER KERH,
DEALER IN i
COHFECTIOAERIES,
Fancy Groceries, Fire-Works,
TOYS, &c,
Wesst Side 3Xurket Pliico,
KNOXVILLE, TENN.
O
FFERS A MAGNIFICENT ASSORTMENT OF
Goods for the
HOLIDAY TRADE,
Which cannot be surpassed in East Tennessee in quan
tity, aiality or price.
COME AND SELECT YOUR SUPPLIES TOR
CHRISTMAS.
and be convinced that we say is correct.
CANDIES.
CAKES,
FRUITS,
NUTS,
AND TOYS,
Torether with an endless variety of
Fancy Articles,
Useful as well as Ipeasing to 'young or old, and at
prices to suit alL
FIRE WORKS
Of all kinds, among which are the familiar
FIRE CRACKERS,
ROMAN CANDLES,
BENGAL LIGHTS.
PHARAOH'S SERPENTS
CHINESE LANTERNS,
SKY ROCKETS,
SILVER SHOWER CANDLES.
TORPEDOES,
BALLOONS, Jke
Christmas Presents.
There is not an article calculated to render the ichil-
dren joyful, or those of larger growth happy, that can
not be found in my establishment. My assortment o
Christmas Presents consists of almost every imaginable
variety, and have been selected with especial reference
to the trade ef this season, and will be sold at the
smallest margin.
Country Merchants
Will find it tn thmir inl.,..t ..11 1
f i bum diamine idt
stock or send for j)nce list. Orders attended to with
the same care as if in person.
3t Call and examine, and be convinced.
.V1 .P. KEB!f,
XT.1 Klt.
t
s
t
Kit
.it
1
4
i


't
'If
f'l
V
V f
ti
Ii
I
f I