My Indian Love.
I love
A forest maiden she la mine;
And on Merra's slows of pine.
The vines below, the anowa above,
A solitary lodge is set
Within a fringe of water- d (Irs;
And there ray wigwam lir. s bnrn.
Fed by a round brown patient hand.
That small brown faithful hand of hers
That never rests tilt my return.
The yellow smoke is nsinr; y<-
Tiptoe, and sc.- it where von stand
Lift like a column from the land.
There are no sea-gems in her hair,
No jewels fret her dimpled hands.
And half her bronaen liml-s arc l-tre
But round brown anna have poklen band*,
Broad, rich, and by her running band*
Out from the yellow virgin ore,
And she does not dsire more.
1 wear the beaded wampum belt
That ahe has wove—the sable pelt
That she has fringed red threads aiound;
And in the morn wlien men are not,
I wake the valley with the ahot
That bring* the" brown deer to the ground.
And *hc beside the lodge at noon
Sing* with the wind, while baby swiuga
In *s shall cradle hy the bough—
Sings low, so like the elover sing*
With swarm of bees; I hear her now,
I see her sad face through the moon.
Such song*! wonht earth had more of auch!
She ha* not much to say, and she
lift* never voice t-> question me
In aught I do -and that ia much.
I love her for her patient trust.
And my hoe's Kvrty-fbU return—
A value I have not to lani
As you -at least, as many must.
She i not over tali or fair;
Her breast* are enrtained in her hair.
And sometimes, through the silken fringe,
1 see her bosom's wealth, like wine.
Burst through in luscious ruddy ting--
And a'l its wealth and worth ar-- mine.
1 know not that one drop of Woo I
IB prince or chief ia in her veins;
1 simply say that she is good.
And loves me with pur.- womanhood.
Whou that is said, why, what remain*
Xogwi*
Farm, Harden and Household.
PHKUMQ RITE TOMATOM.— To one
gallon of rijx- tomato--s, peeled, add two
tabkapooofalaaf mustard, two of black
p->pj>er, two of allspice, one of salt, one
of cloves all the reasoning must be
ground, cover them with vinegar, and
let them scald, but not boil, three or
four hours.
Career. —To make a g-xxl cement for
crockery, take one pouud of white shel
lac pulverised two oanc--s of clean gum
mastic put those into a Ix-ttlo, and then
add one-naif pound pure sulphuric ether.
Let it stand half an hour, and then add
half a gallon ninety per cent, alcohol,
shake occasionally until it is dissolved.
Heat the edges of the article to be incud
ed and apply the cement with a pencil
brash; hold the article firmly together
till the cement cools.
A RKOWN Carres. —To eight ounces of
butter add one pound and a quarter of
moist sugar, and a quarter of a pound of
molasses boil these ingredients together
until they are sufficiently cooked. This
may be tested bv dropping a little of the
liquid into cold water; if it harden
quickly, the coffee is made. Butter some
plates, pour the liquid into them, and
before it cools, drop iu a few drops of
essence of lemon or any other flavoring
that may be approved of.
PEAK MARMALADE. —To six pounds of
small pear* take four pounds of sugar
put the pears into s sauce-pun, with s
little cola water sorer it sml set it over
the fire until the fruit is soft, then put
them into cold water pare, quarter ami
core them put to them three teacups of
water set them over the fire roll the
sugar fine, mash the fruit fine, and
smooth, put the sugar to it, stir it well
together until it is thick like jelly, then
put it in tumblers or j trs, and when cold
secure it as jelly.
BASES BEANS—XOKWICH.— Take small
white beans, put to soak at six p M. in
a deep vessel; change the water late in
the evening, and again next morning,
and parboil for two hoar*, changing the
water at he*od of second hour. Then
pour off nearly all the water; take raw
pork scored on top pot the beans in a
deep dish, the pork in the middle, sink
ing it so a* to have it just level with the
surface. Add a very little molasses, and
bake at least six hours, raising the pork
towards the last so that it may crisp on
top.
CLEANING STRAW MATTING AND OIL
CLOTH.—It in said that straw matting
may be kept new-looking and bright
by washing it twice daring the sum
mer wi ha warm solution made by dis
solving a pint of salt in half a pailful of
soft water, tlie object of the salt being
to prevent it from turning yellow. Af
ter washing, tbe matting' should be
quickly dried with a soft cloth. It is
also said that by wiping oil-cloth all
oyer, after being scrubbed and dried,
with a cloth dipped in milk, the colore
will come out clear and bright, and re
main distinct throughout the year.
This does not track off" like oil used
for the same purpose.
IMPROPER MILCHING. —We lately saw
some trees that had been killed, we bare
no doubt, by excessive mulching. Thev
had been planted in a lawn, and the
cut grass had been gathered np and
heaped around them. Grass newly cut
will heat when gathered into heaped and
this heating will cause much evaporation
from the soil, besides seriously affecting
the roots which are near the surface.
Thus, an exactly opposite effect to that
produced by proper mulching is caused,
and instead of an accession of moist
ure to tbe soil, the soil is rapidly de
prived of what it already had, by th<
heat. Mulching should not be so exten
(rive as to cause heating, but only suffi
cient to prevent evajioration from the
soil and to retain moisture. —Hearth and
Horn*.
SPOILING HORSES' FEET. —It is almost
impossible to get a horse shod without
having the frog cut away. AH veterinary
surgeons, all horsemen, all leading black
smiths agree that the frog should not be
P&red —not a particle—not even trimmed.
.No matter how pliable and soft the frog
is, cut it away smooth on all sides, and
in two days it will be drv and hard as a
chip. You might as well cut off all the
haves of trees and expect them to flour
ish as to pare away the frog and have a
healthy foot. The rough spongy part of
the frog i to the foot what leaves are to
the tree—the lungs. Never hare a red
hot shoe put upon the foot to burn it
leveL If you can find a blacksmith that
is mechanic enough to level the foot
without red-hot iron employ him. The
burning process deadens the hoof and
tends to contract it If you do not think
so. try the red-hot poker on your finger
nail, and see how it will affect the growth
of that. There are many other impor
tant points in shoeing horses, but these
two are of more importance than all the
rest, level to the apprehension of men
not skilled in horses, and the two most
disregarded.
CLEANING SOLID MARBLE SLABS
Mnch annoyance is frequently experi
enced by the soiling of marfrie table
tops or other marble objects, and a per
fectly satisfactory method of removing
such stains is still a desideratum. It .is
said that if slacked lime be mixed with
a strong solution of soap into a pasty
mass and spread over the spot in ques
tion, and allowed to remain for twenty
four to thirty hours, then carefully wash
ed ofl with soap and water, and finally
with pure water, the stain will be al
most entirely removed, especially if the
application be repeated once or twice.
Another preparation consists in mixing
an oxgall with a quarter of a pound of
soap-boiler's lve, and an eighth of a
pound of oil of turpentine, and adding
enough pipe-clay e;irth to form a paste,
which is then to be placed upon the
marble for a time, and afterward scrap
ed off; the application to be repeated
until the marble is perfectly clean. It
is quite possible that with all our en
deavors a faint trace of the stains may
by left; but it is said that this will faie
almost inappreciable. Should the spots
be p reduced by oil, these are at firet
treated with petroleum for the purpose
ol softening the hardened oil, and the
above-mentioned applications may be
made subsequently. Ink spots may be
removed by firet washing with pure* wa
ter, and then with a weak solution of ox
alic acid. Subsequent polishing, how
ever, will be necessary, as the lustre of
the stcne may became dimmed. This
can be best :ecured by very finely
powdered soft white marble, applied
with a linen doth firet dipped in war
tar and then into the powder. If the
place be subsequently rubbed with a dry
e oth the lustre will be restored.
Sews Summary.
A cos win ACT for the restoration of
Napoleon has Iwcn discovered in Paris.
IT is announced from Madrid that
4,000 additional Spanish troops will be
sent to Cuba,
TIIK Citiscns' Committee make the
debt of the Citv ami County of New
York 7,2K7,85.
AomiDiKO to a cable r-qxirt Newcas
tle upon Tyuc ia inundated" witli
foreign workmen.
A DWATTH from Calcutta announce*,
the wr-x-k of a steamer on tin- coast of
India and that 138 natives lost their
lives.
TIIK French wheat crop will fall short
of the average by 11,000,000 bushels;
but the yield of barley and minor crops
is abundant.
THK trial ->f Mr*. Wharton, charged
with poisoning her family in Baltimore,
haalxx-n postponed on uccouut of the ill
health of the prisoner.
M ANT Apaches have been killed and
many ranches destroyed in Eastern
Arir.ona by the Thir-t Cavalry, under
the commany of Captain Henry.
NOVKMBKH first the interest on the
five-twenty loans aeries of tßy, March
and June 1804 and 1805, falls due, the
pavmont of which w ill take over S"il.OOO,.
OOti in gold.
MCLAI'OHUX, luspeotor of Customs,
was murdered Mid his Ixxly found near
Son Antouio, Texas. 11- was nmr-b-red
for catisiug the seixuro of JOO mules,
smuggled from Mexico.
A TKKATT facilitating the movement
of emigrants from Ureal Britain to the
United Stat--- has Ixx-n completed aud
approved of in London, JMtd has Ix-en
transmitted to Waahington.
THK dednotion on mutilated ami worn
notes IX-nt to tlie Treasury Department
for redemption amount to the present
-late to ffchiO.4B4.7Q. This ia a clear gain
to the Treasury and a tax on eireula
tion.
THK disarmament of the rebels in
Algeria meets with ohstades. The
tribes surrender all their lad arms,
but kept the g-xxl one*. The French
soldiery have burnt several more villa
ges tx-loiigiog to tribes which still hold
out.
WHEN uear the Mauitoas the schooner
Hard sprung a leak, and founded off the
South Mauitou ldaud, going down in
deep water. The only person saved was
Capt. Harrison, who drifted ashore in
an exhausted condition. The captain's
wife and nine of the crew were lost.
MR. OLDER'S circus was seriously
damaged, and forty oue horses were
destroyed bv fire at Reedsburg. Nine
teen of the torses were literally ro is ted
to death, and others had their eyes
burned out and were skinned by the
fir men. The fire was caused by the
dropping of a torch upon the straw,
three feet deep, in the tent where the
horses slept.
THE Chillicothe (Ohio) Rf/iUfr con
tains a "notice to the wives of intemper
ate men." asking them to leave the
names of their husbands with the Secre
tary of the Liquor Dealers' Association,
and promising that no liqnur shall he
sold to those so reported. The dealers
take this method to protect themselves
from prosecution under the State law
giving damages to the wives of men who
bay liquor.
The Bine Fi*h as a Fighter.
Colonel Thorpe writes in Apphhm•'*
JOKTHUI: The old iuhabi'ants" of the
Jersey coast take great pride in their
localitv, which is often illustrated in
very characteristic ways. It was at one
of these country-store gathering* that a
learned cockney from Now York attempt
ed a general lecture on the voracity of
animals of the feline agieeies, more espe
cially of the tiger-kind. A representa
tive of Barnegat leaoh, who was present
listened a while with unconcealed impa
tience. and finally broke forth after the
following fashion:
"Ther's no use to talk to me abont
them tigers for fighting aud biting they
ain't anything that may 1* compared to
a well-grown l>lue-fish. Ho-'s an animal,
if he hasn't got claws, that can whip
acything of his size and something over.
In fact, a regular blue-fish is a natural
enemy of every fish not superior to liim
in size, and goes about, as Satan does in
Scripture, seeking whom he may devour.
Nothing swallowable comes amiss to him.
He gorge* himrelf with bits of sea-wee*!
and junk-bottles, and then gobbles up
clam-shells aud gravel-stones to aid his
digestiou. The tiger is nothing to a
blue-fisb, in taring things to pieces
Why, a shoal of moss-bunkers or j>orgies
disporting in the sea, will lie cut to shreds
in no time by a dozen blue-fish. He's
clipper-built, he is; and, when doing his
work, will spring at his fodder, dash
around it like a mad cat, and, in a few
seconds, kill, waste and devour more
than his own weight, driving every living
thing from the vicinity but the tuutog—
that black rascal having sense enough to
hide awav in sand-hole* and under the
rocks until the ynrthquake is over. And
when the blue-fish lias got a surfeit, and
yon would suppose you oouldu't drive a
C" it of a knife into bis body with a
mer, he will dash at a ltone bait,
seize it. and when yon haul him np, he
will give you a few nal at your hands
and legs, just to let you know that his
appetite is insatiable even in death.
Talk about tigers! what are they for
fighting and eating, to a clipper-bnilt
bine-fish
The Breat Strike of I*7*.
A meeting of the workingmen of New
York was held a few evenings since for
permanent organization. At this meet
ing it was stated that a great strike
similar to the one in England and Ger
many, would take place early next
spring throughout the whole of the
I nited States and Canada, and that u
proper finance committee be appointed
in order that it might not break for
want of funds. Much discussion follow
ed on this announcement, many being
of opinion that the workings of the
strike committee be carried on at night
in secrecy in order to take the bosses"
by storm, while others thought that the
utmost publicity, should lie given to the
affair, and that notice should be given
the "bosses," ip the same manner that
it is in England, and that if
between master and man were on a
more honorable footing, both parties
would be benefitted thereby. It was
urged again, on the other side, that if
the bosses" had notice of this intend
ed strike they would provide labor from
the market on the other side of the At
lantic. A motion was adopted to have
the grand working man's demonstra
tion in early spring without fail, and
arrangements were made for securing
money to carry out the strike.
A DI&PERATE FlOHT. —Sheriff High
tower and a posse of Mom, Cal., police
had a desperate fight with five of the es
caped prisoners from Carson, Nevada,
in Long Valley. The Sheriff's party
opened fire on the convicts, who re
turned it with deadly effect. R. J.
Morrison, Wells, Fargo k Co.'s agent at
Benton, one of the Sheriff's party, and
one Indian, were killed outright; another
man was shot through the hand. The
Sheriff's party also lost seven horses,
four ef which fell into the hands of the
convicts, and three were killed. Only
three of the convicts were seen to leave
the field. It is thought that the other
two were killed, although their bodies
could not be found. The Sheriff and
party immediately started in pursuit of
the three who escaped. The 'pony-ex
pres rider who was supposed to be with
these convicts was not seen.
RELIEF.—A discussion has been start
ed in the mining regions of Pennsylvania
looking to the creation of a permanent
fuud for the relief of the widows and
orphans of men killed in the mines.
Ihe plan suggested is the passage of an
act by the Legislature of the State that
will make it legal for the mine opera
tors to retain monthly a certain propor
tionate sum from the earnings of the
men, to be turned over to a general
fund. The operator also is to be re
quired to pay a certain amount—from
©3OO to 8500—to the fund every time a
death occurs in his colliery. This would
at least have the effect of making the
proprietors a little more careful of the
I lives of their employees.
Fall ami Winter Fashion*.
The opening* for the fall and winter
fashions lmvo taken place. We note aa
follows
The newest shape in bonnets or hate,
or Ixith, is high-crowned ami helmet
shaixxl, a military-looking affair. with a
small hriiu, which sits u the head like a
soldier's casque.
Velvet is always the moat fashionable
material for winter hata ami Unmet* in
this country, hut we notice a distinct
effort to rental* the black beaver, which
waa fashionable thirty years ago. ltound
hata and cottage bonnets of Knglish
manufacture are ottered of this descrip
tion, the most distinguished trimmed
with black ostrich feathers and black
groa grain ribbon. Colon do uot accord
with black la-aver.
lllaok velvet bonnet* will hardly l*< as
general this season as thev have been
for the past several year*, 'The deepest
shade* of garuct, cypress gr-x-u, Vandyck
browu, cameo, prune, and wine eulor
are admirable in velvet, and when re
lie-rod by the lighter shades of the same
color ill soft, satin-fiuUhed gros gruin,
make a picture which is a study
Irish poplin* are a shade lower in
price, and most beautiful iu oolur ami
nualitv. Of late years the example of
the royal family his made them as fash
ionable iu Knglaml as they have always
been iu I'rwnee and America. They
make handsome dinner ilreaaea, but are
particularly well adapted for stvlisli vis
iting costumes, trimmed with velvet s
shade darker, slid knotted or bullion
fringe the color of the {xqilin.
Velvet will Ix the material for rich
suit* ami cloaks trimmed with fur or
with new sulk ami jet i-aaacmenteriea ami
fringe but it is Ux early aa yet to speak
with confidence of exclusive winter
mode*, tieuuine French cashmere is iu
great demand for fall costumes, but very
acarv-e in color* it is hardly to te found
at all. Fine merino, drup d'ete, the
beat quality of all-wool empress cloth
are trimmed with aoutached fringe and
large hnuidebotirge buttons with Uutsels,
instead of the velvet ami guipure lace of
last year. A new combination iu two
color* only has lxx-u made ia Scotch
plaids, which proves very effective. It
is shaded iu blue and black, given and
black, brown and black, ami ia really
distinguished in white ami black. The
latter can only lx< trimmed with black
velvet distinctively.
The warm new jackets of the aoaaon
are of velvet trimmed with fur, aud of
fur '.sealskin* cut and slashed into fanci
ful aliaix-s and mounted with far of a
different kind, black marten, or what
has tx-en improperly called Alaska
sable." Fancy jackets are so plentiful
that it seems a pity to cut up sealskin,
vhich has a .-haracter of its own, into a
member of this numerous and uncertain
familv.
Loug, fiat bona, with muff of the usual
sire aud style, are the fashiouable, in
fact the sole, designs of the season, ex
cepting the novelties in fur jackets. The
prospect for great activity in furs is
most favorable, the prices being consid
erably reduced and a long, cold winter
threatened. Black marten has quite dis
tanced mink as a popular fur, although
the beauty of the dark mink stripe must
always give it a certain prttttrp-. Ermine
lias recovered much of its former vogue,
aud is in demand for ceremonies, visit
ing, theatre and concert purposes. Very
choice sets of dark rnarteu and real
ermine, also can be bought for forty
dollars each, so that a lady can he per
fectly provided with furs for eighty dol
lar*.
Kid glovea arc imported in different
shades to match all the new tints and
colors. They are a trifle lower iu price,
and a shade deeper in tone for evening
wear than last year. Black glove*,
slightly embroidered with the color of
the dress, are considered distinguished
this year for the promenade, unless the
robe is light colored, such as cainee,
pearl or ash grey, and then the glove
should match in color and show a deli
cate embroidery in black
That's What'* the Matter.
When Conde was al>out to pass through
Berne he was met at the gate by the
civil authorities. After a glowing out
burst of compliment, the Mayor added
"To show our joy, we wished to greet
you with the reports of a numerous ar
tillery. We have not been able to fire
the cannon, however, for eighteen rea
sons. In the first place, we have none
in the second" "My good friend,"
Prince, "your first reason
is so excellent, we will excuse Uie other
seventeen." A ludicrous counterpart to
this story occurred the other <lay in
IVru. A Russian war-steamer arriving
at Callao saluted the Peruvian fleet, which
was anchored in the bay. To the cha
grin of the Russian commander, the
compliment was received in silence.
After waiting for some time to see if
the omission would be repaired, he de
manded an explanation. This promptly
came in the statement that "tue Peru
vian Navy had been disarmed by order
of the President." In a wonl, there
was not a gun left aboard the fleet. The
object of the President in thus stripping
the ships of their armament was not set
forth. Manifestly, however, although
such a consummation might he agreeable
to the Peace Society, kr to an invading
enemT, it* present consequences must
have been rather mortifying to the Pe
ruvians themselves.
How LAND IS MADE IN HOLLAND. —As
the current ncara the sea it slacks its
3>eed. and the suspended matter falls to
ye bottom. Iu time this raised the
river bed and caused the soil-laden water
to spread laterally on both sides. In
this way a true delta of vast extent was
in time created. By taking advantage
of a low stage of the water the river was
shut in by dykes on either side. History
•s silent ns to when or how this was first
done. For over five hundred years the
present dvkes are known to have been
in existence. This shutting 'he river in
caused it to deposit its sediment in a
narrow channel that in time lifted the
river to a higher level. The old Dutch
men of those days raised higher the
lmnks of their dykes to keep pace with
the water. The result is the river flows
not in a channel cut through the soil,
but iu a canal raise above the general
surface of the country. For agriculture
this has resulted in an enormous acreage
of new land. The marshy bogs through
which the sluggish stream wandered
have become the sites of some of the
best farms iu the world.
WHAT TO DO WITH THEM. —Apropos
of the question, What will be done with
influential persons who are responsible
for explosions and other avoidable dis
asters it may be well to notice the rig
or with which the British Board of Ad
miralty lias dealt with those to whom was
attributed the responsibility for the loss
of the Agincourt. The Ixiord has re
vised the light sentence of the ronrt
martial, has compelled Vice-Admirnl
Wellealey to strike his flag, while Rear-
Admiral Wilmot is superseded from his
command, as also are Captains Beamish
and Knight. 8 tuff- ('ommaudcr Kiddle,
to whom primarily the disaster of the
grounding of the Agincourt was due,
is placed on half-pay, and censure and
punishment have been meted out with
no sparing band. 'The effect of this ac
tion cannot be but salutary.
HORSES. —It is said that there are
11,081,000 horses in the United States.
Illinois has 1,340,320 tamed and untamed
steeds, the largest number owned in any
State, while Ohio follows very close with
1,200,000. Pennsylvania claims 902,300
animals of the eouine race, among which
are a great number of powerful draught
horses, which are hardly surpassed for
size and working qualities by the famous
breeds of Belgium. New York has 703,-
120 of the useful creatures, while Indiana,
Kentuoky, Texas, Missouri, and Vir
ginia have within their borders in round
numbers 890,000, 659,003, 600,000, 520,-
000, and 430,000 respectively. The re
turns from other States vary all the way
from 9,000 to 300,000 for each.
LAND AND WATEK.— The sheet of wa
ter which conceals the greater part of
the solid earth is considerable compared
with the dry land, but is very small if
compared with the entire mass of our
?lanet If we divide the globe into 1,-
86 equal parts by weight, and take one
cf these, we will have the total weight of
the water of the ocean.
The Figure* of Thievery.
Receiver* of stolon goods of nit elamea
•to n large IwiinMi in New York but
it in impossible to say wind in the value
of (hit property which annually panae*
through thoir hand*. Tn the Inst re|ort
of the Police Commissioners it is stabil
thut during the year of 1870 ttu< niuount
of proiwutv iont WAN 91,151,325 60, of
which 9019,004 08 wan recovered, leaving
a total IOKI of 8222,920 52. I have had
occasion to ahow in prior article# that
the atntinlicnl system of the Commi*-
nionern in extremely faulty, niul e iKcially
thut it doe* not preHcnt a true exhibit of
the amount of projHNrty unnuullv passing
into the IUIIIIIM of thieves but lhi<M fig
urea are of more value in catiuinting the
hnnineaa of fcucca. Although u coinoila
tnm i made together of property IKIUI
lent ami stolen, the tlgurea represent the
hitter chiefly, ami it i certain that of
thin nearly all, both of that recovered
mid thut which in represented an a total
lons, |m.vns| through the huud* of the
fence*. It in equally certain that it is
only a small nart of the plunder which
wan devoured by tlnwo beasts of prey. I
very much doubt the accuracy of the
Police figures for 1870, its iu 1 808 the
amount of property lost hy the nunc
allowing was j#4,755,077 83, and the de
crease to less than one-quarter that
amount last year is unnatural, even ad
mitting that crime is decreeing in the
city when the reverse is the truth. 1
claim that the re|>ort* of the Cow mis
sioucrs for a number of years, with other
facts in the exhibit for 1870, allow that
the property stolen in that year was at
least tliriee that refuted as halt, and
j that from all sources the fences of New
York do a business of five million dol
lar* i>er annum in the real value of the
goods handled. Of course the amount
of money changing hands in much less
than thin, for no fence was ever iudmvsl
to pay more than half price for stolen
pmjierty ami every one who buys from
Itiut insists on having at least a third of
the market rate as a margiu for the extra
risks incurred.—£rcA</s</e.
A Chinese Theatre.
The San Francisco correspondent of
the Chicago 7tntra describes a visit to
the Chinese theatre
TU pit wits full, the second tier cram
med, and every seat in the house oc
cupied. Opposite us sat a dozen more
C'hiuese women, who were cut off from
the rest of the audience by a board
partition. The orchestra consisted of
one fellow who wns smoking a long pipe,
and who was sawing furiously at a sort
of fiddle with one string, of auother in
dustrious youth who hammered away
with an immense pair of cymbals, and a
third who let himself out by whanging
savagely at a suspended gong. There
did not seem to lie so much music ulumt
it as there was noise. It may have been
an arcouquiuiment, but I could uot
perceive it. It drowned the words of
the actors, and set my tympana to shud
dering with a mortal terror.
A Chinese play is peculiar. It run
for two or three hundred years, an a
little of it is given each night. When
one actor dies, his place is taken by an
other, nud the play goes on. F-w
Chinamen have ever seen the Iwginuing
and end of the same play. The one I
saw had been going on for one hun
dred and sixty-four vears and some
months in China, and for eleven years
and eight months, ha* leeii iu progress
in this city, and they haven't got
through only a part of the second act.
The part we saw was peculiar, if noth
ing else. Ah Youug kept up a running
interpretation, of which, owing to the
war of the orchestra, I did not hear a
single word. The suite* stood around
among the orchestra with their hats on.
and took off or put on the furniture as
was necessary. The actor* all came in
at a door to the right of the music,"
anil went out through a door at the left.
There was no dropping of curtain*, no
shifting of scenes. A couple or three
actors would come in, jabbers moment,
and then pass out.
WATCH IX THE DESKST. —Under the
*and of the great de*> rt then- i* a liquid
bod which the inhabitants of the borders
of the Sahara have long boon in the
habit of reaching by means of wells.
With rude instruments they |N-nctrate
the successive layers of sand, gravel, ami
clay, till they come to a schistose or slaty
stratum nt a depth of one or two hun
dred fathoms. This last covers the
precious fluid, ami in penetrating it the
indefatigable workmen are often over
whelmed by the sudden ascent of the
water in great quantity. Sometimes
these wells are completed under a column
of a htindnd <T more feet of water of in
filtration which it is impossible to keep
ont. The Arabs dive to the bottom, re
maining not more than four or five
minute*, and bring to the surface, a* the
result of each trial, only a few pounds
of sand. It is evident that often many
year* are needed for the completion of
these wells, under such circumstances.
The French have come to the relief of
these uufortunate inhabitant*, and have
sunk Artesian well* in various parts of
the desert, some of which furnish more
water than the fumotis well of Grenello.
C'OXTEKTWENT. —Content ia the gift of
Heaven and not the certain effect of any
thing upon the earth and it is na easy far
Providence to convey it without wealth
as with it it being the undeniable pre
rogative of the first cause, that whatso
ever it does by the mediation of second
causes, it can do immediately by itself
without them. The luavens can ami do
every day derive water and refreshment
from the earth without either pipe* or
conduits: though the weakness of hu
man industry is forced to fly to these
little assistances to compass the same
effects. Happiness and comfort stream
immediately from God Himself, as light
issues from the sun, and sometimes looks
and darts itself into the meanest corners,
while it forliears to visit the largest ami
noblest rooms. Every man is happy or
miserable, as the tcmjHr of his mind
places him either directly under or be
side the influences of •the Divine nature,
which enlighten and enliven the disponed
mind with secret ineffable joys, and so
as the vicious or unprepared mind is
wholly unacquainted with.
How TO ACQRIBR A Uoor> If EMORT. —AS
a general thing, we read too much, and
think alioiit what we read too little; the
consequence is, that most of the people
we meet know something in a superficial
way nbout almost everything, and very
little in a thorough way about anything.
Not a tenth part of wW is read is re
membered for a month after the book,
magazine or newspaper is laid aside.
Daniel Welmter, who had a rich store of
imformntion on almost every subject of
general interest, on being nsked how it
was that he could rememlxT so noeurate
ly, replied, that it had been his habit
for years to reflect for a short time on
what he read, and so fix all the facts and
ideas worth remembering in his mind.
Any one who does this will lie surprised
to find how retentive his memory will
Ixioome, and how long after reading a
book, or interesting article, the best
portions thereof will remain.
THR PENALTY.—One Sunday evening,
a Chinaman named Ah Walt was stnhlied
and almost instantly killed, by one of
his countrymen named Ah Chew, in the
basement of the llnrron House, .Sun
Francisco. It appears that Wall kept
an opium shop in the cellar described*
when Chew enmo in and sat upon the
floor and commenced to smoko a Chinese
pipe. Every now and then he would
deposit the ashes from the pipe upon the
head of a small Josh under a table, which
greatly aggravated Wall, who ordered
him to leave. Wall then attempted to
pnt him out, when the lights were put
out, an I while darkness prevailed Chew
stabbed Wah in the left breast, four and
one-half inches below the nipple. The
wounded man died in a few minutes.
LOST. —James Neely, living near
Ripley, Ohio, died recently, leaving a
fortune in money supposed to amount to
815,000; but as no one knows where the
old gentleman kept his treasure, the
heirs are left the task of hunting it up.
They have gone to work vigorously with
pick and shovel, and have dug the farm
on which Neely lived from centre to cir
cumference. On his death-bed Neely
refused to tell his children where he had
secreted the money.
An Ulnnd on Fire.
The sources of volcanic eruptions in
Hawaii are two. First, the crater of
Ki-Uu-e-o, situated upon the eastern
slope of this mountain, mid about mid
way between its summit and the sea. It
is a vast nit, nine miles iu oiroumforeueo,
sunk in the tlank of the mountain, and
varying in depth, in different yours, from
a thousand to t)fton hundred font, ac
cording as the uwiif molten lava beneath
its floor is at high tide or at ebb. For
veara this tloor will be slowly raised by
the accumulating lavai Iwlow uml when
their lateral pressure IMVOIUOS at last too
grout to lie resisted, the molten toirent,
rending its way with irresistible force
through rook Mid earth, and shaking the
whole island with the throes of its pro
gress, finally break* to the atirfoce, the,
ten, or twenty miles from the crater.
The river of tire leap* from the ground,
u mighty fountain that sometimes play*
ja thousand fiH<t high, with a jet that is
I several hundred feet in diameter, and
|Hiurs down the flunk of the mountain
toward the sea. This it often reaeJiea,
enlarging the urea of the island hy push
ing out new cajs-s ami promontories of
lava into the water. The luva thus ejected
may remain, in many places, warm and
smoking for months after the eruption
has ceased yet 1 have seen sjiots where
the natives, pulverizing the cooled lava,
and mixing* with it a few dead leaves
tmfore planting in it, had obtained good
crops of sweet potatoes from what a year
before was a torrent of liquid Are. Na
ture thus renews the eotl—furnishing a
bran-new article at each eruption, white
hot from her chemical lubratories iu the
center of the earth.
With .vtoh eruption the bottom is
knocked out," so to speak, of Ute grout
crater of Kt-lan-c-a. Tin- (I.mhl of nio!t*u
lava upon which it rests is rapi.Uy
.Iraiiict away, ami the vast floor of in
durated lavas, iui area of six square miles
tit the bottom of the pit. goes crashing
still further downward, three, four, five
1 hundred feet toward the central fires
it-i when the water—to compare great
thing* with small—islet off from a frozen
mill-|M>ud, and the ice s>'ttle* down iijmii
the bottom. The mouiitaiu-wull is prob
ably not entirely solid and compact, as
the lavas are extremely fluid, and in
rmiuiug ofl honeycomb its structure,
leaving numerous oavrrns behind them,
through which suliacqucut eruptions
force their way. Yet the pressure re
.piir.il for the lava to n-n.l the mountaiu
wull is estimated at not less than Ave
liuiidrtil |ounds to the stpiare inch, or a
million pounds for a stream two feet d.i-i>
and si'v.'n fed broad. When the breadth
of the lava stream is measured by miles
instead of feet, force enough is exerted
to shake the ishutyl to its very founda
tion*.
The grand eruptions of the Ki-lau-e-a
occur, with some approach of regularity,
at intervals of about eight years. Hut
the volcano does not, like Vesuvius,
Ktna. or Slromboli, confine its activity
to *)>ccial occasions The fire rages con
tinually in the southern end of the great
crater, where a lake of melted lava tossca
its ml surges and pours forth its sul
phurous vaitors without ceasing. This
lake, the Hale Muu-uiau, or "11 oust*
of Everlasting Fire" of the old heathen
mythology, may lw safely approached
by the traveler at almost auv time.
The appearance of thin lake varies
greatly, however, at different times.
Sometimes the lava is to far sunken
beluw it* bank* that the travel <*annot
rvaeh it, and comes awav quite diaap
pointed with what he has seen. Again,
iu times of great activity, the fiery sea
may overflow uftuii the bottom of the
eratcr, or force itself up through numer
ous cracks and chasms iu the floor of
indurated lavas. 1 was once in the bot
tom of Ki-lau-e-a when the lava, tabling
tip from below, overflowed its luuiks in a
manner so uniform and measured so a*
Congeal around the edge* of the great
lake, ami build for itself a Itarrier around
the fearful cauldron of Are. The lava,
thus walled in, gradually rose inauv feet
above the level when* I with others st.aal.
at first quite nuconscion* of the terrific
procews that ww* going on so near us.
I'he fiery waves, lapping over the margin,
congealed where tfiey fell, and thn*
btulded up, little by little, their inclos
ing wall. 'Hie surface of this sea of fire
was elevated alout thirtv feet altove the
level of the bottom of the crater it was
a boiling mass of fluid lavas, half a mile
in diameter, that surged and thunder**!
and sent down a threatening roar.—
•Splashes of liquid fire, hurled over the
margiu of it* confining barrier, fell
among our company. Warned by this
danger, we withdrew to a short distance,
and awaited the breaking forth of the
imprisoned fire. We had hardly gained
our new point of olwtervntinn la-fore the
lava wall gave way in two places with a
thundering crash and roar, and from
each of the rent* thus made a torrent of
liqnid fire poured over a cliff fifty feet
high, into the rough channel of a former
How. Roaring. glowing, smoking, and
wreathed in bluish flame*, it ground
along the lava channel with n javuliar
dull thunder, that was caused by the
IK>II dermis weight of the molten mass,
t lapped up huge rocks and bore thcui
awav ti|>oD its surface I could see th< ni
oscillate sluggishly upon the nil river,
and finally melt nml sink into it like m
much wnx. The power and splendor ol
this sudden display, the fierce sweep of
the mighty torrent, the strange process
that had heaped up the flood of lava to
disgorge it with strrh mastics* power,
all made a spectacle never to lie forgotten
bv anv of the irtv who witnessed it,—
Dr. T. M. G*m, in Scribner'i far October.
Funbdimrnt of the Wheel.
The punishment of the wheel, which
was suppressed ill 1790, was one of the
most frightful that can be imagined.
The criminal wns extended on a St,
Andrew's cross. There were on it eight
niches cut, one below each arm between
the elbow and wrist; another between
each cllmw and the shoulder one under
each thigh, and one under each leg. The
executioner, armed with a heavy trian
gular Iwr of iron, gave a violent blow on
each of these eight places, and of course
broke the Ixme and a ninth on the pit
of the stomach. The mangled victim
was now lifted from the cross and stretch
ed on a small wheel, placed vertically at
one of tli f ends of the cross, his back on
the upper part of the wheel, his head and
feet hanging down. The sentence pro
vided that he was to remain there as long
as it pleased God to prolong his life.
Many lingered there five or six hours,
some longer. A son of a jeweller in the
Place de la Dan phi ne, who had murder
ed his father, was only relieve! by death
at the end of twenty-four hours. These
unhappy wretches, often uttering horri
ble blasphemies, always tormented by a
continual thirst, incessantly called for
something to drink. A priivit never left
their sides during the excruciating agony,
hut incessantly put wnter to their lairched
lips, wiped the sweat from their burning
brows, and pointed to a merciful God
above the scaffold, extending liis arms
to receive him. This holy duty was al
ways discharged by a doctor of the Bor
bonne.
NEW YORK UT rat Cmcus. —Some very
curious statistical facta arc evolved from
the thorough analytical investigation to
which the census returns are being
subjected. For instance, the total pop
ulation of the State of New York, as
has already been stated, is 4,382,759,
while the total number of those in all
the States who were born in New York,
is 4,061,348 of this number 2,987,776
still reside in the State 231,509 being
in Michigan, 163,494 are in Illinois, 105,-
690 are in Wisconsin, 74,750 are in New
Jersey, 87,876 in Pennsylvania, and the
others Mattered throughout all the
States and Territories, the smallest num
ber in any one leiug 415 in the Terri
tory of New Mexico. Considering the
large immigration into th State, par
ticularly from foreign countries, this is a
curious and interesting showing.
During the siege of Phris 64 balloons
left that city.- Of these five fell into the
hands of the Germans, two were lost at
sea, and one landed at Norway after
crossing the North Sea and sailing about
1,000 miles in 45 hours. Besides the 64
aeronauts whom the 64 balloons conveyed
out of Paris, they took 91 passengers,
354 carrier pigeons, and about 3,000,000
letters, besides numerous despatches.
Prop Prospect*.
The monthly report of the U. H. De
partment of Agriculture, now in pfirm,
contains the following information con
cerning the cro|>s:
(W. —The condition of corn, as re
ported iu the August returns, was high,
except in the Southern .Slates, and the
report* of September are equully favor
able iu the Middle and Kn-steru States
still more encouraging iu the States tie
yond tin- Mississippi and the Missouri,
and soiuewhat less so in the Ohio Valley.
The States hel iw uu average iu the great
eorn-prodiieing districts, are Kentucky,
85 |s-r cent. Ohio, 98 Michigan, 9$
Indiana, I*7 Illinois, U5. Those strove
an average are Wisconsin, 109 Minne
sota, 10M Kansas, 115; Nebraska, 11*4.
H7fr.it,—The wheat report is less fa
vorable thuu the return* of Spring and
early Summer, cxcejit so far as relate* to
the Kivitrm and .Middle States. The
eouditiou of wheat at the time of har
vesting is thus stated Almve an aver
age -New Hampshire, I**4 Mas-nchu
setts, 101 New York, 10*2 New Jerwey,
110; IVnusi Ivauia. 107 Maryland, 102;
Mieiiigau, 100. It. low MII average.—
Maine, t5 Vermont, 09 Delaware, 97
Virginia, 79 North Carolina, 59 South
Carolina, 53; (leorgia, 52; Alalmuia,
05 Mississippi, 94 Texas, 8-4 Arkan
sas, 70 Tennessee, 70 Vt est Virginia,
94 Kentucky, 05 Missouri, 97 Uli
uois, 92 Indiana, 91 Ohio, 99 Wts
•OUK:U, !*4 Minnesota, 80; lowa, 90;
Kansas, 98 Nebraska, 80 California,
75; Oregon, 95. The amoiiut grown iu
Lthe South is small, hut the low eouditiou
there will affect the supply but little.
The depreciation is about iO per cut.
iu die West, which will be partially ufl
-*t by un increase iu area.
It itky i* generally rsported in a eon
ditiou below au average, except in a few
of the State*. Among the most for
ward are New York, Ohio, Indiana and
Wisconsin.
Ilucktrhrat will also In- Icm in quantity
than usual. The Western States prom
ising a full quantity are Wisconsin, lowa,
Nebraska and Kansas. Au average de
preciation of 10 per cent may be ex
pected.
H'fr is in n !y the average condition,
the heaviest d preciatiou being iu the
South.
llty.—The hay crop is greatly ml need
in quantity, but excellent in quality, in a
majority of the States. The State* pro
ducing a greater supply than usual are
(ieorgia, Arkansas, Wisconsin, lowa,
Kansas and Nebraska. The Missouri
Valley, so Jong assumed to l>e a dry re
gion. has secured an abundance, while
the Ohio valley Ims cut 10 per cent. leas
than usual. The crop of the KtaUa
lamb-ring on the Atlantic, twtweeu South
Carolina and Maine, Ims been reduced
one sixth the reduction in those east
of New York being one-fourth. The
qu dity of hay gathered ii generally su
perior. In some sections injury resulted
from freqnenf and sudden showers and
storms iu haying time.
I'otiihtrt —The jsitato crop promises
to be uearly an average one. The States
giving J-er rentage* la-low 100 are:
\liiiuc, 94 Vermont, 90 Massachu
setts, 97 West Virginia, 89; Kentucky,
81 Illinois, 63 Indiana, 81 Ohio, 98;
Michigan, 68 Wisconsin, 96; Califor
nia, 88 Oregon, 90 and several of the
Southern States. Among the Bfatas
above an average are New Hampshire,
105 New York. 103 New Jeraey, 105
I't-misylvania, 105 Missouri, 101 Min
nesota, 111; lowa, 105; Kansas, 106;
Nebraska, 104.
•Str<W Potato*t. —The Sweet Potato
crop is a full one between New York
and Virginia, and in Mississippi and
Louisiana and elsew here in the South
ern State* somewhat below an average.
iSV/cir.—Frura the data received rela
tive to the sugar crop, an increase of
30 jer oent. in the aggregate production
may be expected. Last jrear crop was
in round number* 106,000 hogsheads.
Poisoned Whiskey.
The Philadelphia Prtoe Current says
Western distillers hsve recently invented
a new system of manufacturing whiskey,
by means of w hieh a peculiar strength
ami odor is imparted to the product,
highly injurious to the health of the
consumers, and certainly not creditable
to those engaged in its sale. Neither
the noxious ingredients themselves nor
the process of msnufacture are known
to manv outside the ring, but sufficient
has leaked out to show the character of
the men ami the business. Hulphtiric
acid i* bh-nded with the miuih or applied
directly to the product of the stills,
which im|srta a disagreeable odor to
the whiskey and so powerful is its ef
fect u|>on it that it corrodes and eats up
the iiiiide of the barrels in which the
foul compound is kept.
Another feature of this rot-gut, sold
under the name of whiskey, is that it
cannot be extracted br any process of
distillation, redistillation, or rectifica
tion. This fact has caused its presence
to be traced in high wine* purchased
(Mm the West by respectable distillers
hem, and prompted tnem to shut down
on the m-fariou* traffic as injurious to
lite and the interests of the trade. By
ex|M-ritnent it has tieen tested that if a
small piece of iron or copper is inserted
into a lwirrel of whiskey adulterated
with this acid the entire mass will be
instantly blackened, and if left in it for
a short "time will evolve a large quantity
of disaseetate of c* pper or verdegria.
Such a compound cannot fail to prove
fearfully injurious to the public health,
if brought into general use, and we arc
ghul to perceive that a combined effort
is contemplated bv the trade to discard
it altogether. if this te not sufficient,
the c*>tiseqtienoes are sufficiently serious
to cell for some legislative enactment by
which the sale of this ]oi*onou* stuff
shall tie prohibited under" the severest
j anilities.
Massacre of a Family.
A letter from JNircnlquicr (Lower
Alps) addressed to the Journal dc* Dr
oits, savs *'A terrible crime, which
recalls the horrors of the Tropman mas
sacres. has just thrown the little village
of Lurz and its ncighlxirbood into a
state of terror and grief. A whole fam
ily, consisting of four persons, a father
and mother aud their two children, were
murdered in their honse on Sunday
evening Inst, the assassin or assassins
having dispatched the victims with a
hatchet. The nlnrm wns nt once given
by the neighlwrs of the murdered peo
ple, whose cries of agony were distinctly
heard but unfoilnnately, owing to the
darkness of the evening, the authors of
the crime were enabled t makc| good
their escape, but in what direction is
not knowu. The military and civil au
thorities, who were warned of what had
occurred as speedily as possible, forth
with adopted the most energetie meas
ures for the apprehension of the mur
derers. The gendarmerie were called
out, and orders were sent to the differ
ent frontier ports to keep s sharp watch
upon nil travelers. A contest had evident
ly taken place between the murderers
and their victims, and it is thought that
the former must be wounded, by which
means it is probable their guilt may yet
lie brought home to them. The lnlly
and broken nature of the country in
which the assassins have taken refuge
will, no doubt, serve to conceal their
flight for a time, but they cannot loug
escape being discovered aud arrested.
NRW YORK HORRK MARKET. —Business
throughout the Inst few weeks has I icon
of a very moderate character, and
amounted to but very little over the usu
al transactions in stage and ear horses at
former prices, ard an occasional demand
for prime truck horses at from 8300 to
8450 per head. A limited number of
light driving horses have been sold in
the Bull's Head Market, averaging from
8500 to 8800 per pair. A few fast trot
ters have also changed hands at good
prices.
TKEEORAPH WlßE. —There are 450,000
m'li* in Europe, 189,000 in America, 14,-
000 iu India, 10,000 in Autralia and
30,000 of submarine cable. Total, 684,
000 miles, to which there are additions
being made at the rate of 100,000 miles
per year.
Miss JULIA W. DOOLITTLB, of Brook
lyn, visited a dental office to have eight
or ten teeth extracted, prepartory to
using a false set, and while undergoing
the operation died from the effect* of
•hloroform.
Converting IJ. N. Five-Twenties.
Meaart. J*r Coon t Co., have iaraed
the following financial circular, relative
to the general condition of the loan mar
ket, and the exchanging of government
houda for railroad aecuritice
lUsaiso Hoes* or Jo COOK* A Co.,
Philadelphia, Heptembcr.. I*7l.
The *l*ll*l success of the Now Five Per Cent,
Oovorcment loan furnatiadows the early fund-
In* of the entire Public llebl at S per cent, or a
lea* rate, and indicate* I list the average rate of
Inter. t tt loanable capital In thta country will
not henceforward be much almve 4 per cent.,
the tendency Mg to an equalisation of rate*
between America sod Europe.
In view of tbeae farts, the present holders of
United 8 tales Five-Twenties most decide
whether it la uut best to nisks <U oner such
rhsnga of investment as wilt enable them to
roallin ae or add to their capital, the
present av.rage premium of It psr mat. on
nve-Twtamea while at the same Urn* largely
Increasing their annual Income.
If utter a of Pivr-Twenties of th* Issues of
lOftf, which, under the recent announcement of
lhe Hecrcury of the Treasury, wIU be paid of!
n1... I u-r 10-il lisr s|. .sl and imtnclisl.
reason to consoler the queetlon of eonverwUm,
utiles* they wish to receive o.Sn fur their Kive-
Tweniies, or exchange them at par fur l-nut*of
the n. w usue, bearing an average rate of j
|*r cent.
To all holders of United HtaUw securities who
wish to lake advantage of the preaent most
favorable opportunity for making lb* suggested
rhange at no rata.cut we strongly recntimend
Northern Pardte Heven-Thirties tprincipal and
interest payable hi *>d.l) now seUttrg at par in
-.it- I !.o cs slr.'sdy si aniilished
in the e-.astrueU.ai and equipment .if nearly
Three Hundred Miles of road, and the rapid
devehq.mei.t of the adjacent country, have es
tablished the uerman.-ucr and success at the
Northern Paclfc enterprise, and eresled a large
sin! rspnlly lacreastng demand tar the first
Mitgs*e fUi.Js of (he Company. With thru
hi*h rsi. of interest anode security, and their
•-oiiiertaUlitv into the Is rids of the Cum parr y
at It |M-I rent, premium, they constitute a most
desirable investment, and ran hardly foil to ad
vance considerst.lv ahow par at an sar-y day.
The holder of a SI,OOO Five-Twenty bond who
xehaliges it nov f..r Northern Paelttes, thereby
in.-reas. s his pnnaptl by U per cent., receiving
sl,l*o in Northern Pacifies for SI,OOO la Five-
TwenUcs. He alao perinaasnlly increases the
vearly interest income on hia investment more
than 88 per cent., or from SOO.OO in gold to
st 3 Kl ill g<dd.
Funds invested In Flw-Twentisn at their
pr* sent premium, yield Sf per cent, interest in
gold or 5 tl-10 in currency. Northern Pacific
beven-Thirties yield 7 $-i(f per esnt. in gold or
Bfin currency.
llrese must unusual opportunities for the
1-millaldc conversion of Uovernmsnt Ibsids into
t'urporate Hccuriues of ui:doubted reliaUlity,
cannot in the nature of the ease, ion* contin
ue. The increasing abundance of loanable
capital both at borne and abroad the almost
certain rise in value of all desirable railroad
mart -ages, the early funding of the residue of
ths National Debt at lower rates, tne rapid ab
sorption of Northern Pacific He-ven-ThirUee and
the probable early substitution of s six per
cent, bond for the remainder of the Northern
Pacific kian promise very soon to change the
nail* aspect of the Iran market, which la just
now so peculiarly favorable to investors.
This state of things anggesta prompt actios
on the part of those who wish to exchange
securities in time to profit by ths present high
premium ou Five-Twenties.
Jar Coou k Co.,
Philadelphia, New York and Washington.
MassaehnM-tU Kepubllran CaiTraUsa.
The great contest in Massachusetts
concluded by the nomination of Wm.
B. Washburne, for Governor, by the
Republicans. The attendance upon the
Convention at Worcester was large, sad
a great deal of interest was manifested in
favor of the various candidates by their
friends. From several town* rival dele
gatiora appeared. Shortly after the as
sembling of the Convention all of the
more prominent candidates but Messrs.
Butler and Washburne withdrew, leaving
the field clear to those gentlemen.
The result of the first ballot was as
follows Whole number of votes, 1,116
necessary for a choice, 559 Wm. B.
Washburne, 643; Benjamin F. Butler,
I'd A. H. Bice, 1 G. B. Loring, 8.
The rest of the present ticket was re
nominated, with the exception of Chaa.
K. Train of Boston, for Attornev-Gen
eral.
Gen Butler announced to the Conven
tion that he should not run on an Inde
ten dent ticket
The platform adopted by the Con
vention sets forth that the party needs
no 'new departure,' but only a strict
adherence to those pru-iples that have
preserved the Union," Ac.; compliments
the administration for its reduction of
the National debt, Ac.; that the long
continued depression of American whip
ping interest* should receive the imme
diate and careful consideration of Con
gn-ea that "the subject of suffrage
for women is a question that deserves
the most careful and respectful consid
eration;" that the party will do its beat
for the elevation of the laborer Ac,
New York Republican Convention.
The New York Republican Convention
at Syracuse nominated the following
State ticket
Secretary of State— G. Hilton Scribner
of W estehestor.
Comptroller— Nelaon K. Hopkins of
Erie.
Attorney-General—Francis C. Barlow
of New York.
State Engineer—William B. Tailor of
Oneida.
Canal Commissioner—Alexander Bark
ly of Washington.
State Prison Inspector—Thomas Kirk
patrick of Alhany.
The resolution* adopted recognise the
wisdom of the administration condemn
the corruption in New York city call
upon Congress to mince taxation de
ore a Congressional law for the registra
tion of votes assert that aoktng as the
peopte of the several localities have the
right by law to license the sale of intox
icating liquor*, they also by a majority
of voters should have the right to pro
hibit such sale declared in favor of
cheap transportation, Ac.
RAILBOAM. —SeveraI important ques
tions connected with railroads were con
sidered at the Commercial Convention
at Baltimore. Attention was called to
the necessity of restricting the increas
ing power "of great railway companies,
and reforms in railway management
were suggested. With respect to the
uat row-gauge question the sub-commit-
U-e on railroads report that although
there is not yet sufficient data on which
to Iao conclusive opinions, enough is
known to offer many inducements for
the construction of a narrow-gauge
roads in certain parts of the country,
their cheapness and the facility with
which they can be adapted to" heavy
grades and sharp curves being establish
ed.
Not enough apples will be raised in
New England this year for the cooking
purposes of the inhabitants.
The Magazine*.
Rrauixra'a mm Orrosmm.— An Island on
Fire" i* the title of a graphic article on the
gn at v:>leano of Hawaii, iv Dr. T. M. (V>an.
The writer aiwnt the flrat eighteen rear* of hi*
life within thirtv mile* of Kilanea, and hi* de
scriptions, Tirol and aiieorniiigljr interesting,
are from hia own obeorraU<ma. or tlioee of otn
<T member* of hia familr. The il'aalrationa
include pictures of the l*ake of Fire, Manna
Loa, Coast formed by Volcanic Action, lara
Stream Pouring Into the Boa, the Falling
Mountain, and a Volcanic Ware Breaking on
tin simrc of Hawaii. There ia almo a carefully
prepared Man of the several eruption*. The
"Lent of the Foqooda" i* an interi'i-ting account
(with a fine p..!trait cngraring) of Eunice Ma
wee, the iaat of a powerful New England tribe
of Indiana, by Benson J. Loaning. In "Water,
its War* and I'eea," we bare a piece of popu
lar science, set off by appropriate illustrations.
The most important easaT in the number, how
•rcr, ia Mr. Vancber'a "Was Adam the Firat
I Man It ia here eonlended that the Mosaic
record itself furnishes "strong intimations
that other uationa than thr dceeendants of
Adam dwelt on the earth." "Perhaps," says
Hie writer, "the conceived theories of what
revelation teaches will meet with disastrous
overthrow hut when readjusted upon correct
principles, there will be no antagonism with
revelation." There ia m capital paper by Ed
ward Spencer on "The Philosophy of Good
Health;" a pleasant sketch of a "Rummer
Trip to Newfoundland," bv 8. G. W. Be (du
nlin a venr bright etory by Mrs. Waller; "The
Cloak-Cubby and the Blue-Room and a
strange sto'ry, entitled "The Eleventh Cot."
by Albert Webster, Jr. Wilfred Curabermcde
crows in interest aa the story advances, and
iho lovers of MacDonsld will be glad to learn
that it will not be concluded for some time yet
In the poetry line we have some remarkable
verses by R. E. Warner: "In the Valley of
Shadows," an illustrated poem; How the
1 Storm Came," by W. E. D., with two shortsr
nooms. The editorial department is unusually
roll and interesting. Dr. Holland, in "Topics
of the Tims," pays a dessrvsd tribute to the
late Charles Scribner, in honor of whom the
Monthly was named, and discusses "Shepherds
and their Flocks," 'The Dlfllculty with Dick
ens." "The Improved American." In "The
Old Cabinet" there is a description of the Sha
ker service at Mount Lebanon. In "Homeand
Society," "Culture and Progress Abroad," and
"At Home," are brief essays, entitled "Best
Parlors," "Forest Furnishings," "A Talk About
Teaching," etc., etc. The page of etchings is
a characteristic sketch of a "New England
Town Meeting," by Mr. Bush.
Pi.4i* Qrnenojta ron IjrvAurm. Haw
the rontinr nwdWn* at the profwwion
•tone yon no good Are yon discouraged
anil miserable f If ao, teat the projiertie*
of the new Vegetable Specific. Da
Walcks'n Ciuwiom VmaoAM Birrm,
already famotu aa the very beat invigo
rant, corrective and alterative, that ha*
ever aeen the light Dyspeptic* and
jtoraona of hilioua habit* should keep it
witliin reach, if they value healtli and
eaao.
Tmr purest and aweeteat Cod-liver
Oil in the world ia If akaui. A Cuvna'r,
made on the aea-abore, from freah, ac-
Inoted liven, by Caawaxn, Haeakd A
Co., New York, It ia absolutely pare
and avert. Patient* who bave once
taken it prefer it to all other*. Pliyai
t-iana bave decided it enperior to any of
the other oila in market
Many valuable horse* die from the
cflocta of colic. The (tent thing to do in
a eaae of tbia kind, ia to pour a bottle of
JOHIMOM'W ANUOYKK LIMIMKMT into a long
necked junk lttl*, and half a pint of
molaaaea and water, then poor the whole
down the h<r'a throat In ten minute*
the horae will begin to cat
PA naoa'a PI'BOATIVE Piuua will greatly
relieve, if not entirely cure, dyapepaia,
when everything elae fail*. They have
been tried in ewe deaperale oaaea, and
iiave given more relief than any other
medicine.
THK New York World advoeatea free
trade, while nearly every good bouaewifc
in the country advocatea the uae of J.
Monroe Teylor'a Cream Yeaat Baking
Powder.
Me Chaujm W. HJUMLKM'B sncoeaa in
Imaineaa ia an inatence of what perae
verance, intelligence, and integrity may
acoompliah. Mr. Htmitsr haa devoted
hia persona! attention to the meciftc
I .ranch of the Bauking and Brokerage
butanes* relating to Bailroad Bond*,
and there ia probatdv no one better
poatod tban be ia in all that appertain*
to tbem. Hi* well known tuivertiae
meut, Railntad Honda, whether you
wiah to buy or aell, write to Cbaklu
W. H Aiu,Ka, No 7 Wall atrcet. New
York," baa attracted attention in all
part* of the country, and largely in
rreaaed hi* bucioeaa. Write to"*him
if yon wish anvthing in hi* lino.— From
tkr Chru/um Cnto*, <tf Sej)L 6rt. Henry
Ward Bercher, editor.
nxucui*.
Jat Cob mm *o.x sww —illsg. *d miwl a*
a ymgiahl* **d a*Sa imwia* Mr tttdmma. th RM
HortfiK t-M M M W th* Itrtkm FxJt
Railroad ompany, b*rl*g Sevan and Thrm-Tmia*
and ■iriif by Brat wad only ***rtga*i at ika aaUn
Band wad mart Otaa M J**m
ad Landu tmfaibaf track, ar Mdaatß Land to
aw* ft MB Band. Tba hiytml rarrant praaa wtß be
paid tar V. S rna-Tantua. and alt tabor mar* i total.
Nmgnitot ramirad ta aarkaana Ptmphtota. mp and
fbS lataiaaal una, aa wall aa tba baaada b
ha rata had aa tpplimiing by JarOoau On. ruua
datptua. Ban York and Waatamgbm. and by naat R*ak>
and Baakan Iknaihaal tba aaaalr
The Market*.
M*W rou.
tarCamd Mm ta Extra f .it a .Ilk
ft rat quality
Kadi una jo J|
iakaritar ,ot a .M
Hiiro row* not saEBO
lon-lm M M
Drtaaal M a .lS
r s a art,
Oman Mtddtmy yt *s
Pint s—Kxtra Wratrrn (b a dSO
Mai* Kurt CM a (t
WSEXT—Amber Vwbn Lit Ie
Btata 188 I.M
WbMa Oini an Extra 188 a 1.T9
Bru-Wmtem M a 1.00
Bastsr—toto 11 a IB*
Coma—Mlxad Vaatara it a .1*
Oatn—Waatarn U a B*
IVux-Mraa ILM gILM
Uan .1 a .19
frrwurm—TrwW 11 k Baßowl MK,
Brrixs—Hale M a .9*
ObioW.B. .9* a.
ranry M a .0*
Vaabrm ordinary X a .9)
IVtunytvaala Saa M a BT
Co*— Btata Factory U a .M
Skim mad R a .1#
IB a .U
Floes—Naprrta* ft.o* a 180
Extra IB aIN
Cxjaa. IT a .1*
3tn aa a .la
Cuum JVrax II (d gIEBO
L*ss uk 41
Brrrsa—Cmanas IB a .31
Cbotoe Una BB a .ta
Cm* bM B a .13
Eaaa-Vtao* M a .M
Kmatm IT .it
Ouam Bun—Ckmer ta a .k
Timothy Eta aEM
Bad Top rt SB a EM
lit4Mm BEB* a M
CVntmon B dtH
DLCMU.
Basra—ChMra fI.M a T.TB
Prtma 808 a EM
fairUradra 4.M iltl
ItactCiTlU-OaauMß I N a T.M
latnto EM a't M
Bom-La** IN a EM
SsKKr-Urw-Oood o Cbnkw M a EM
ru>c*-irtatto Wtntof Extra EM a T.M
ffrttac Extra .T aETt
Buckwbaak. i.TB alii
Osats—Ooy*—Bo. T U a B9
BarWy—Bo. E BO a .M
Otto— Wo. 1 jn a 41
Ryw-Ko 1 C| a M'
Wheat—Arm*. No 1 I.l* a LIB
Lass OBtfa .10
puss—Mnaa lE9B alt Be j
BOTTOM.
Bear Cams ETB a TBB j
Huxr...... SJB a EM
Horn—Li** EM aEM j
Ftsc* EM aEM I
Waxat—Bo. 1 Spring LIB a IBS
CVms M a Bt
Oata .SB a .it
Mr* TO a .TS
Ha *l*l TS a BB
Lams kt a .Wk
lIBBR.
wntt LM a I.M
Bra Btata .M a BB
Ooaa—Mlxad 79 a .TS
Basur-Mato .M a I.M
OAT* Man ts a Bt
rnruMxrnk.
FLors—Pass. Extra EM a EBB
Was**—Waetrrn Bad. LSI a LM
Whit* I.M a LM
rnaotxra-Crud* ItkndBHLUS
Bxxr Cams BT a .0k
umaoßL
(VTTTSB— LOW Middling l*k 41
fixitne—Extra EM a T.M
WBBXT —Am bar LM a LM
(Ml .T .M
Oar*. SI a M
An r*yralnud lyatrn.
Do nat faney baton yon hoi am that yna an im
prayiabla to atoks***. SEW* aotyhbotbrad* an fn
qoratiy prainM at Urn 11 ana by malarlene Mono.
Vigor oo* aramlm and (Erana brood *bonldoc
and nmnd lung*. an so diban aaafsat tb* mophtUe
•■para of aatnmn. rrama* which ban wtthtfmdtb*
nass boat may aneenmb now. Many aa athtou*
try. now Mm pectoral*. noak and bolptro* a* a hah*.
dor lb* yoriwtioal aamatM* o obitb and Mnr. ar Milan
romHarnt Moor. Tbn aonld not bo M all nan ntn
oeanak to yrortdo acam* racb a aonuaaonay. by loMsa
andMMilai tb* *j*tta with Bntrtts'i f>n**b Bit
tor*. Tbn appro rod npatabio Sonic I* abaolaMy harm
lon. ao that it la *baw folly oot to iak* It a* a mfaysard
at a **a*oa ohm dmao*of tb* IHor, tba rtianrih. tb*
l*io*l. and ladaod aB tb* rinotal organ* an faiiaMy
lral*r.E Ta bnp tb* y*mai la ordar aad iarnn
baalUt. art* pot IS ts ordor nboa tbl* pna*attna ha*
baas nabtlrd. ta tba doty of **wy human hoinx who
ralat* hi*. For both tbora purpeoo* HoahaMar'* Bit tor*
I* dratynrd. aad It aammn both. Potty local daalan an
aada*o*lna. la many part* of tb* oouolry, to *ob*t>tt*
prrparat ion* md of tmpun aad daaaomu maMrlal*
la It* *toad. Oi*o tk*m a ntda borth. Tby an pro
band by aaaktltful oxiwnaaolAr*, who wast to tarn a
paaay at tb# rqxon of tb* pobU* hoaltb.
I f ERR IT lE-AtnU Wasted Tn **ll
I L>.. K'-A; natont >4N R*L Cosii BCSXW. Riyhta
for WALTER PICK BOW. Atb*n*rw: T.
|SOI BBLE-Pani or IT* Arm*. Hood
W for Dauy. Grain or Oraabaaria*. Ftoato oa n*i
yahU rl**r, at tormina* of BOW Eallnad. Ha* a Homo
Markrt at Ciolr Soat. Ho*** of *tx rwu- M
Barn, Prir* (LMB half enhTwHt* to lira MAST
TA YLOE. May* Landlsa. Atlantic Co.. Haw Janay.
Of m ftr Bicker 11m Uua any oUmv pwpr
Ul7 n®dicio of the day Btaads
Tarrant's Iffermscant Bsltssr Aparieat.
Aad for thi* roaon: It ia aa exact cc-tnterparl of ana
lh moot raloabl* oaSsrai BMdioine* tn Uta world. H*
rafer to th* craot Soltsor Sprlaa of Gormosy. to whkb
thouMtnd* of Ik* dy*p-ttc, th* Wlioo*, tb* ih*o**tie.
and th* rtotim* of Tonal dim**** ramrt annually, and
ratnrn to tboir homo* ronraioocoat or osrad. Th* Ap*r
i*nt 1* ono of th* firat aad by far tb* moot *nooM*fai ol
oil lb* offort* mad* to rrprodooo, ia o portabi* form, tb*
popular minrral water* ol Rnrop*. ISoe that
pomka** only the ***nl*c oHMr
SULD BT AI.L DRUGGISTS
rmk
wßr
Mi
MILMORa near Tmianr e tfcete
ll iliir Caeaiiv* Meet*.
Thtrrun artavO* Vmmrr Krtrt. Peer
"Ttmk*." "Apf-t****.
(tattort tta~l* 1-
tin. Mtafeto*. state Bate—Prttw Bert*
rfCrthnafrw frmm aM SSST
ThHMiniiRUT m.oon rlB
riiK>rt a tirn cm*u p *'.J l< r iS!
parts* Rtnunane t"W*w ff te
c*rrrto<rt *U pawaiXW m* rw*ntit _
u.taOOo *m4Ute* *pw~*
mitM
iutooar attar *rt I,lxl
taratrtltawOrtrt r*rtr.
Tkn •r(<ril* gareaiiveae well aaa
T(lr. nawim ria O- I Hl'l'll*
TZJZZ
HI >1 kfin f fir* 14— 1r v l**rw Organ*.
eon VKNALC (OJiruilTK. inyteeaar
wwm M (totamewMM aval
T-at. naew e
far IsloaAico aa* Ctireete Btir
nZTale inwrnb -r l*4le*Mt*a
Hlllraa Brtaliwa* *j 1
vara. ltaa*aaa rt Ike Blae*. IJWi
aa* m*4Aav.uwi WBitvWwlaaaal
UlM*. aha* aeMoMi prateta* to 1111 njitoia*
of im IMirMlie Or*aaa.
itarKi*wiA ob laotisitrtTio*-
acta Fata to U Blatter* Otartto. Tifttaa.. M J
CM. Itauaa. Be—Oam rt Qmi I—to.
M Ta*M to Um Maut*. aawM attama. faeeaMaa
Um M—- In ton tta baa**. Pate i.ttara
fttow rt ia- wto MiaAart rttar H*W WW
iJtinf *4 |h MRFLMRITT.
Tv <t, ItfW l* Wpr*w
TUf Ito Btotoat* M*rtlwritli** w toerti
Urar M Aaaato. eaa* Itoto Ototo af abovaalto*
4a,, m daaatoae iW ktoa* rt all maiWa awl toe
avtto* aet UU aa* tutor to Um etato wMmb.
roK MB IK I*KA*IU*. AmOMeKB*
Wtoato. BtotoW taoto. |le.rtto. trnMm. rtli.Cae
aixtaiMßjaisaaerJsas
Ewaat rt UM akia.rt tutooawvaiai;!*
aa u* rairtwi aa< rtia# crMaai to a atoift
ua> to ia MI LTO*I" On* utu* to aarfc
aaa ail eoanaea Owaiwi laaraaatoaartfltob aa*-
Ciooao* lb* Tttlolod Blood rtmtw pas Bod Bo tax
yorltto* karat lax thrwuab tb* MM la Plmplai. troy
uua* or (torn, elnaon it wbn yon End I* *b*l,rwctod
and duastak la lb* da: daam It Mmm Mla BmL
and yoor latdiaff* will 101 l ywu nkon. Coop tba bload
pan. and tb* health or tb* a*wumt wUi SoOan.
Ma. Tana, and a*bar Warm*, tanking In tba
and nnmf Ear* a dtwir( Mad yb inn InW.
(ban I* ocamaty as tadtrtdoal ayaa tb* Bm* arib*
r oortb abom body ia rtrap fnun tba —■****_.#
nana- lit* bM spa tb* bralthy *4i n ooM af tb*
di*ni h* Efotom af Medfcttn*. ao rrrmdbam. a#
watbrlmtaura nffi En* tba ayalam Bram worm* MM
ihwir ftttim
J. WALAEB. NRMW. B. H. Mr DO* ALB <SO,
|f Bniß BT Aid. PBHtalliW ASP mUM
RUPTURE
Brdtwradaodoandka Drftmn*'.Pktont Apphwam
mmi OaMMai itmcm m Mradfr. N f. M Mr,,
Hnr iKMVfc VYtii
altar awra. H*"l'w ladw'i oaa*. ISM and
£!*bM MMM**d*n^'h ""'"J***- vtt ta""'—* M
8 O'CLOCK.
S29Q 'sfr-isiSrT.*rrant.
Brnaaway. a. T. ________
|V\n THE BUT rKJEMAKEST
E Fl A foe) atrTrqo* Bog IL Ww-a ISM
PIMP llfwaaafnma Maganwa wort rmas, m
Mft Bamo*.
lI'AkTCS. ixrair lirrywkm. Mala
21 J *r*
FREE
Aaonk* mak* OA a Em- Band in Balardmy <*m
ana*a. HaßaoaW. M
'amkrli
UnramKna*. ttotd by all Dnmuf *ad ra J iWT
P.HEBBV.at oHa Plara Sw tWLM—■—
OBISIXAL IIBIAI rHUTOOBAriH
at aaaoof u Botoiiada*tb*d.of SwHaaa*.
Naat to any addnmaaeemuM of Mobe by
O.G. WAfutßLMaonotak. Etna.
Agents I Read This 1
VrrWILLPAT AdSEKTB A EAI.EMT
r a* MB* wrak aad oan*o*aa at aßaa a
lary* rauuam. tsjwM oar new miiialiißd tmamtoaa.
AddnabsL TABS ER A (k_ MmWuE Mm*.
NEW St
Bonpn tor She. SaoMhw
nexnnsi mm A (XL PtMkdwv* swab
•J.l II IM Aweraom.: l*wk Row .1 V..M*a
ifalllLlltl *'ol'o'borr. To ratty dhra
IRIB ISEOJ t. IT riyowmi grerytamaaiad
daattn. wad Pa*ot law, ood to4 to h **niiiar.
C'IRLSi
for*Blooota Addr.r**" r r,, ul ,,M l" orM*o
THEA-NECTAR
IS A PURE
MLAVK TEA
With lit Rao Trm rtwor. Tba
baa Tml*p*uL wMmidaaSC
tST Has h. th* G.raat A tlaatt* aad
9 tJUEaSm t*cm,Ntw*sr
IB9V Sra Vol p. o Box. Mac
.ftaamf *v> fHiWQm -V" <Of
dC*Q- M v PLATE—TMe tamM aaamnoMsß
PISTS and Draxaatsr Worka IB
Gk mMK' Um wurtd, pnnndbrßiMbaltM
at all kiii>V ami How Annan*
fSH| BU Sit. SL U r PEBt<MHjMM,(IMB
rmiaa, H~nVr. DUksroru. Tablraox. Amateur
Otudei. Ethiopian !>rxms*. rtc.. rtc. A urn as 4
rt j.lidt Daacnptiir liat of all Plana mxiiadtrm
&EMUKL rUENCH. Pttbltartwr,
m X assart St.. New Tork.
FARMERS' FAINT
W* am moaotoetonan a ran apita Parnt at half
tbosrtaaaf **dm*ty polam. It la Brown, ha* by lb*
ogdNtoa of dra pwnt* o*o h* mad* laarbto* ar daRMr. It
a^mt^d wld by >h* r*sw> It t*
brat***, amiiku I'triv metal —t* Ar W* *ta maaa
fartura raw wMnlel ■T. k It T BOOfIM. for
P<*k Mo.. *ddraa'"tb* Rt idt K-irti'oTl.i" 1 So"'#4
LVmrtlaadt Btro-t Krw V -1
REDUCTION OF PRICES.
TO OOKFURJd TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
Great Saving To Consumers
BT eETTtie rp CLVBE
aa* Mad lor our Raw Prim La aad idtbtamaß
aeeompaay it. ooatwamr full direction*—mxkftv* a la*aa
aartag to eoooumar* aad rrmuaraotrr* to (tab iiqintiiim
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO,
•1 AM TIBET NTHLITT,
P. O. BaaßbßL NEW TBIK.
MaPfsaaasaaraaflae
fill All Those Who Siflr
-FROM
CONSUMPTION
-OB
COUQH,
—PLEASE—
Read Tle Following Letter
from a Well-known Druggist 1
Oro-ra wwwa r ILL., April S, ISTI
is^Ss-us.^S'^Ss
ar*. ha* rrrnucr- w.tb roasamptioa fm STBLXL
TBxa, and ha* two under the car* of alt our beat phy*.
iriaan, but new racetrad ,n> prrmaaawt benefit then
*b* r* sorted M uni i n ry k i.l f Cth and Luna BaL
j*m lhat couldhe procured l.r her. hot all tn no anil
8M >O4ll grew www, until h wt otrntiixsJ to fcwr bid
aad when ehr wa* wised with a paroxjwm of coaghiof
he would loot the power of ration, aad tber worn
c*unpolled to rwort to varkms u>ean to rantore bmalh
nf and whtlo hooowhod hard ahe oould not ex
a;tt;s.7aa
StBiSISS.JSC
liar the Ba!*am *t So dook p. at., aa diiectod dm* r
*ry hour, uat.l m dnurht; then *h* look another *p*H of
conghiny. aad expeotorated a moathtul of dark. yeUow
matter, which waa omethtnir hbt b&d not been able to
mSS; Th l ontmutd t siw her tba BaSk
pinU ol mucosa matter wh ch (in bra immedUt* rT
n*f. and aiufl. that Urna We ntir.md bsptW lIL
sr.
I h
Your reapeoifuUj*
A.a JOHNSON, Druggist
ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM
JW DuwcUoa* acocmpaay aach bottl*.
J. N. HARRIS CO.,
Proprietor*,
CINCINNATI, OHIO.
BW IS hi aold by all M*die. Dmhwu
fTYnrrnsn y#**