NEWS SUMMARY.
The East.
The Bible war at Hunter’s Point has ended
in a compromise between the Catholic com
mittee and the Commissioners. All expelled
OJA LO naaL- i ’TV
v swixvi*. UOb& 'wuo vTj frl itTo VIH IT'TIt/t
oppose the reading the Scriptures,.and Catho
lio children will be flowed to'reraain in Lie’
class-rooms during the religious 1 excrwedl
TKe number of deaths
Philadelphia last week was 198, a decrease of
34 from the previous week......One of the
suits the Erie Railway Company, jn
the Hew Jersey courts, for over-charges, has
been decided against the Company. One
hundred aha fifty-nine additional suits are
to be commenced at the next session of the
Criminal C0urt....... J7ra. E, JEkeomA), Teller
of the Boston Five Cent Savings Bank, and
his wife, were thrown from a carriage on
Wednesday, Mr, Titoomb being -instantly
killed; and Mrs. Titcomb fatally injured.
Comptroller Cotorpniv stiA4 remains in
Ludlow Street Jail, Hew York, unable to
procure baii At a recent meeting of the
Atlantic and Great Western Railroad Com
pany, railroads in Hew York, Ohio, and
Pennsylvania were consolidated, the organi
zation hereafter to be known as the Atlantic
and Great Western Railroad Company.
Gen. George B. McClellan was chosen Presi
dent George Botts, sentenced to be
hanged at Hewark on the 21st inst., for the
murder of Pet Halsted, has beeji reprievell.
by the Governor of Hew jersey, and his ex
ecution postponed till Friday, the 26th of
January.
Edwin Foster, an inmate of the Insane
Institute at Hartford, Conn., escaped on
Tuesday evening, and \yas j;un T ,over by
cars and instantly killed. He was frOia
Grand Rapids, Mich.,,...Another “ring’*
bank at Hew York', the Eighth National,
tailed on Wednesday; assets*: $00,600; lia*
bjiities,, $684,000. The Clearing*House Asso
ciation passed resolutions, denouncing the
Government Examiner of Banks, and re
questing the Comptroller of the Currency at
Washington to remove him The build
ings of the Franklin Manufacturing Com
nany, on Mill street, in Paterson, N. J.,were
bnrned on Wednesday morning. Loss,
$150,000 largely insured in Hew York city
and. Hartford companies. J

The 'West.
The bridge on the Cincinnati and Indian
apolis Junction railroad, fourteen miles
south of Connersville, was destroyed by fire
Sunday. The length of the bridge was 500--
feet. The loss is $12,000 A destructive
fire occurred at Hoaesdale, Pa., Tuesday
afternoon, destroying property to the value
of $50,000 A loconiotive attached to a
water train on the Illinois Central railroad
exploded its boiler Tuesday night, near Cen
tralia, instantly killing IJouch,the engineer
Brewington, fireman; and -Keen, brakonian.
The force of the explosion Is reported lis ter
rific, totally demolishing the engine, and
blowing one of the boilers 200 feet Alan
son C. Bidwell, late county clerk of Sacra
mento, formerly frofo Albion, Mich., slfot
himself through the heart at San Francisco
on Tuesday, while insane from pecuniary
.embarrassment.
The contract for the proposed Detroit and
Bay City railroad has been let The Da
kota Southern railroad will be built and in
running order to Yankton within one year.
fter the construction of this lino another
built from Yankton to Sioux Falls,
M v form a connection with the
lo in City at 01-mhena....;. Ah
lufO.f iHfmaiv.. 1 /ru:s<iuy,i)o£tr Torre
alitfd Sion A V W T 'e o*~lhHn*
accidoht ofecurrbd <rn W thrown
Haute, Ind.. by Which ftfl engi- >d
flianapolis and St. Louis r&flrffadWa.. p j
down an embankment, and fne 'ehgfKeer a_
fireifldn instantly killed.
The Souti.
J 7 A. Williams, a well-known physician of
Memphis, while conversing with his wife on
Saturday evening, fell from his chair a corpse,
from heart disease.
A dispatch from Raleigh states that both
branches of the Legislature held an excited
debate upon the recent arrests for alleged £u- s
;Hlitxism. The General Assembly-nutherizcdi
the Attorney General of the State to apply
to*the Supreme Courts "of the Urrited States
if<Br a \yrit of habeas counts to test fete legality
*oF The' military arrests Private arcvfeeß
state that Hinkley, Democratic Represen
tative ot the Third Alabama District, has
been indicted for connection with the Ku-
Kiux. y a K^iCTAYIT
dispatch states that the
Government witnesses against Legann, Fos
ter and Mitchell, charged with conspiracy
®i the dgVerpnuentj. IjaYe 'divulged
,1 Secrets of the BLa-Klux? of
a.
Washington.
Them? woro 525 bills introduced in Con
gress on the 11th The Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with request, has
sent to the Senate all reports in his depart
ment on the urvey of the Isthmus of
Tehatmtiipec, bul makes no recommenda
tion... .iiMiss Bertha Gerolt, daughter of the
Baron, and nvost of whose life has-been
thjs ioithtry, has entered a convent
at 'Washington.
Thu Public Buildings and Grounds Com
mittee will report iu favor of an appropria
tion of $7,500,000 for the erection of public
builAinga at Chicago...... The. entire expense'
of the census: Was
It is authoritatively announced that At
torney General Aker man will be assigned to
the United States District Court in Florida,
recently made vacant by the death of Judge
JCihney......lt is said that General Sehenck,
our Minister in England, having accom
plished his purpose with reference to the
Treaty of Washington, and regarding his
personal interest here as imperative, has re
quested the President to name his successor,
and Call him home .Official jaotice is
gTveh that the treaty with Mexico has been
extended, for the settlement of claims for
Vea and a half from February next .'The
United States and British Commission re
sumed their session on Wednesday. In the
case of John Holmes Hanna us. the United
States, tho Commissioners decide that the
United States cannot be held liable for inju
ries caused by the acts of the rebels.
Foreign.
A special dispatch from London says that
a tremendous excitement prevailed in Mad
rid on the receipt of President Grant’s mes
sage relating to the Cuban difficulty. The
Spanish Government has resolved to main
ta n a firm attitude, and reinforcements of
4,810 men, two additional Generals, and four
*iron-clads will be immediately dispatched
to Cuba The Japanese railroad from
Yokohama to Yeddo has been completed
over hall the distance. Satisfactory trial
trips have taken p1ace,.....A ajfc&tal dis
patch from MatamoraS. Me-xio©, savs that
the unconditional surrender of SSTThIo, with
all the Government troops, arms and ammu"
nition, haa beep announced by Gen. Tre
vino, commander of the revolutionists.
The French Assembly, at its session on
Tuesday, adopted, by a vote of 2S9to'2r7,
tHe recommendation from the committed
having charge of the subject, for the aliena
tion to the state of the crown jewels
ganor Moreno, the new Governor of Havana,
has begun the work of suppressing the
gambling houses......A Rio Janeiro letter
statesthat a difficulty between the President
arising from the attempted
appointment of the unpopular minister, oc
curred in the halls of Congress, in which
the people took part. Several were killed
and'Wounded. Mny of tlie* disaffected were
formerly with Lopez.
The British Foreign Office has sent in
structions to all its agents abroad to investi
gate the organization of the various branches
of the International Society in the countries
to which they are respectively accredited,
and report thereon to the Government
The party of observers of the total eclipse of
the sun in the southern hemispheres, report
that the photographs of the corona obtained
are perfect, and the result must be conclu-
sive of several points regarded by modern
astronomers as needing more thorough de
monstration There is a rumor from Spain
that a Ministerial crisis is approaehin and
that a dissolution of the Cortes is imminent.
Arrivals from the West Indies state that
vessels passing Turk’s Island have been
■toMdsd frMMhrfniwiih ampm+mm
Cargoes m free of duty, as the inhabitants
w-e sterling..jpA special ffi*n St. Peters-*
btffg tttatife that on WedDCedgy, Czarovitch
--SxfideijfiiPa asspilted Prince
Wm;uss,Tne German Minister. Friends in
terfered, and the parties were separated.
The incident caused an excitement, al
though there is no reason to apprehend any
interruption of the good relations between
I|usHa and. Germany, as the quarrel is be
lieved to be wholly personal.
Proceed&gs in Congress.
The session of thejSejaate on the 7th
inst. was unimportant.* Somneitgave notice
of a bill to abolish the office -of Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and to reduoe
{Action. W
In thfe House various bills were intro
duced and referred, after which the House
took up the bill codifying the Postal laws,
the reading of the bill was con
otudef, ttfe mqrn|hg hour expired, when the
House-adjburaed'to the 11th mat.
In tho St-nfs >0, on the 11th, Mr. Sum
ner was, at his own request, relieved from
Jhe .chairmanship of the Committee on
privileges and- Elections Petitions were
presented and referred, asking tor a repeal
of the duty on salt/, A,. Chandler introduced
a bill for deepening St. Clair Flats canal to
16 feet Logan introduced a joint resolu
tion legalizing the issue of food, blankets,
etc., by the Secretary of War to the Chicago
.sufferers. b^edat...-Ramsey .introduced a
-bill feo eMaDliflh Era Territory rtf Ojibway
and rjfvfding a government
>Tt*Se Tejrritdfy lies be
tWeeg parallel!, extending
froto to. Montana.-.... The supple
ment a 1 convention between the United
States and Mexico, extending for two years
the time for the settlement of the claims be
tween the two countries, was ratified At
3 o’clock the Senate went into executive
ession.
In the House, on the 11th, new bills were
introduced By Mi*. Cox for a general am
wqfity. without exeepjtion.- By Morgan, pro-
posing an amefidnient ,tq tjie Constitution,
"so ‘as to malre naturalized citizens eligible
for the office of President or Vice-President
of the United States. By Burchard, to di
vide Illinois into three judicial districts.
Also, to relieve the sufferers by the fire at
Chicagos. By MfeHeely,proposingan ameud
ftient to the Constitution, by which Congress
should hair* no power to raise taxes by im
post£por*excise, but only by direct tax on
property, to be assessed, collected, and paid
by the States at their option. By Snapp, for
a ship between the Mississippi river
ahd Lake Michigan. By Beveridge, for the
suspension of on merchandise entered
at Chicago. By King, proposing an amend
bnt to the Constitution prohibiting the in
termarriage of white 'And colored persons,
and authorizing the States to provide for the
e u catipn .of whije and colored children in
separate "schools. By Conger, to equalize
bounties to soldiers and sailors of the late
war!.....Garfield reported the bill appro
priating $480,00Q( to supply deficiencies in
taking the ninth census. Passed Camp
bell asked leave to offer a concurrent resolu
tion requesting the Pres d.ent+o cause nego
tiations with Great Britain and Mexico, with
a view to ascertain the condition on which
they will consent to the annexation of their
possessions on this continent to the United
States. Hot received.
r The Senate, tlm.j i 2th r e(ineun'ed in
u House adjofiril' over from
4)ee. 21 tWa® t¥fr Ifll'own request.
Senator Morton was relieved from his posi
tiQii on .the Committee of Agriculture
nominations of Mr. Arthur as Collecter
:f v of How York, and Mr. Douglass
jftihe c 2er ,of Internal .Revenue, were
the* bill con
confirmed p asS ed
In the House, on the 1 -rad sold
soli dating the postal laws
The bill Tor relief of purchasers of i- df
for taxes in insurrectiQqary.... States#
passed. V x-- -a"
In the Senate, on the 13th, the House
bill a|)propriatingjmoneys for taking the
last censtis wa3 A long diefeussion
Jon the question of appointing a standing
-Committee of Tnvtfskig&titjn and -Retrench
ment ensued, pending which the Senate ad
journed.
In the House, on the same day, Mr. Hal
sey, from the Committee on Public Buildings,
‘reported k bill nppr'cipTihting $2,000,000 for
the erectibhrTf public buildings in Chicago.
Referred to the "Committee on Appropria
tions. The Appropriation bill was discussed
without action; also a bill from the Com
mittee on Labor and Education, providing
for the appointment of a ceramitt.ee to in
vestigate the aubjfecf gf wages and hours of
labor, and capital bbfween laborer and capi
talist, and the social, educational, and sani*
tarv condition of the laboring classes of tna
United States.
Cliicago Business College.
Mr. 11. 8. Bfyatft, the original founder of
the Chain ‘of Colleges, is now conducting the
Bryant Stratton Chicago Business College
in’person, assisted by a picked corps of the
most skillful and practical teachers. The
rooms, furniture ‘and fixture? were con
sumed by the great fiife, but newxoorAs, new
furniture and new fixtures were very soon
provided, and the institution is now in bet
ter condition than ever. It is no more ex
pensive to go to headquarters than to a
second-rate school. New students are
■ing dailv.*- There-.are vacations. Plenty
jOf boarding inlaies at, sScOprices. The Col
lege is on the northeast corner of Twenty
second street and Indiana avenue.
TnE opium trade is increasing. The
quantity brought to Caljforniarduring
the six months ending September 31,
1871, from Hong Kong, China, and Yo
kohama, Japan, was 32,358 pounds vaU
ued at $318,418. The duty paid on this,
at $6 per pound, vr.-ts $194,148. This is
an excess over the previous six mouthy
of $71,000, rnd over the six months
ended September, 1870, $116,000.
l 1 f r pv.' _ v
nfaiN wrecks'.—-Every day and
hour we meet with broken down speci
mens of humanity—wrecks that seem
pasft ’hope o*f Salvage! At least seven
eighths of these might be filled with
new vitality, by a course of Dr. Wal
ker’s California Vinegar Bitters.
Many are Buffering from the reaction of
rum-polluted bitters or powerful miner
als. It is charactei*istic of Dr. Walker’s
Great Restorative that it neutralizes the
effect of these mis-called remedies, and
accomplishes, in due time, a perfect
cure.
A Prussian official report on the
French prisoners of wrfc said that only
forty per cent, of the captive French
officers were-able’ tq write the language
of their country correctly.
j r
Booksellers and jSfwsdealers find
Alfred L. Sewell’s book, t( Scenes, Incidents,
and Lessons of the Great Chicago Fire” the
best selling book of the season. The 75 cent
cloth edition, with its excellent map, sells
the best. ..Wholesale orders ae filled by the
Western News Chicago, aid the Wiscon
sin Nei-sTOo.. J
Many plain young ladies live to be
pretty old ones.
Every fanner who owns a good stock
of horses, cattle, and sheep, and intends to
keep them” through the winter, should get at
once a good stock of Sheridan’s Cavalry Con
dition Powders. One dollar’s worth will save
at least a half ton of hay.
The J apaaiese make a string of paper,
and we have seen a very good cord of
wood. 'i h to
If you desire rosy cheeks and a
complexion fair and tree from pimples
and blotches, purify your blood by the
use of Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Dis
covery. It 'has no equal for this pur
jPpyifAi f M o7fn*
Things that know no autumn —price?
(there’s no fall in ’em),.
Persons who have become thorough
ly chilled from any cause, may have their
circulation at once' restored by taking into
the stomach a tea-spoonful of Johnson’s
Anodyne Liniment mixed in a little cold
water, well sweetened.
The ill-natured Saturday Rev*™ sav*
u Dress ever was ani ever will be as
webs spread in the way of woman’s"
righteousness. No doubt a Eva frilled
her apron of fig leaves before she had
worn it a day.”
Liberal and equitable in all its trans
actions, The Mutual Life of Chicago is not
excelled by any company in the country.
Why wa3 Eve not afraid of the mear
sles ?—Because she’d Adam.
Brown’s Bronchial Troches, for Pul
monary and Asthmatic Disorders, have
proved their efficacy by a test of many
years, and have received testimonials
from eminent men who have used them.
Two women are partners in the law
business in Kansas. They are sisfers
in-law.
Frank Miller’s Leather Preservative
and Water Proof Oil Blacking has stood the
test for thirty-three years of increasing de
mand. Sold everywhere. Manufactured
by Frank Miller <fc Sons, Hew York.
The Youth’s Companion.— A sort of
Chambers’ Journal for the young—a paper
to elevate aS'well as please.
Charles H. Roller has married Ellen
iSkeats. Let them slide.
Can you m&ko a blind man liable for
his bill, if it is payable on sight?
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
Jay Cooke &Cos., are now selling, and recom
mend as a profitable and safe investment for all
classes, the First Mortgage 7-30 Gold Bonds of
the Northern Paoific Railroad Company, bearing
Seven and Three-Tenths per cent, gold interest
(more than 8 per cent, currency), and secured by
first and only mortgage on the entire Road and
equipments, and on more than 23,000 Acres of
Land to every mile of track, or 500 Acres of Land
to each SI,OOO Bond. The highest current price
will be paid for U. S. Five-Twenties, and all oth
er marketable securities received in exchange.
Pamphlet*, maps and full information, as well as
the bonds themselves, will be furnished on appli
cation by Jay Cooke Cos„ Philadelphia, New
York and Washington, and by most Banks and
Bankers throughout the country.
The Markets.
CHICAGO,
Beeves—Choice $5 00 a 525
Prime. 450 a 475
Fair Grades 400 a 425
Stock Cattle—Common 250 a 300
1 i: Inferior.- 200 a2 25
Hogs—Live 410 a 4 25
Butter—Choice 23 a 25
Egg 5......... 25 a 26
Flour—White Winter Extra...: 775 a 800
Spring Extra... 650 a 675
Grain—Corn, No. 2 41 a 42
Barley. Ho. 2 62 a 62^
Oats, No. 2 32 a 323^
Rye, No. 2 63 a 64
Wheat—Spring, No. 1-... 124 a 125
No. 120 a 1 *2OK
Ho. 2 Red-::.... 130 a 131
Lara....... B%a 8%
Pork—Mess 1315a 13 25
NEW YORK.
Cotton—Middling 20 a 20
Flour—Extra Western 700 a 725
Wheat—No. 2 5pring,.,...,,,,, 152 a 154
Rye—" Western 93 a 94
Barley—State. 79 a 8(3
Corn—Mixed Western....... 78 79
Oats—Western 54 a 56
Pork—Mess-. 1350 al3 75
Lard ,1 9 OX
CINCINNATI.
Flour—Family...... „......$6 60 a 675
Wheat -Red 145 a 1 46
Com—Mixed 47 a 48
Oats. 38 a 40
Rye 78 a 80
Barley 75 a 85
Lard—.. B%a 9
Pork—MesA. 13 75 al4 00
•TV ST. LOUIS.
Keur-XXX. $6 30 a 640
Wheat—No. 2 Red 156a 157
No. 2 White 130 a 131
—Mixed 44 a 44%
n d 34 a 135
Ohfe Mia. .77 a 82
Pork—Mess. 8 9
Lard iviiLwitfiM'
Flour-Spring Extra...; bt s ao
Wheat—Spring, No. 1 Jgg
Cora—No. 2 H a £2
Barley—No. 2... mKiy;;
Flour—Firm.
Wheat—White Michigan -1 46 a 147
Amber do 143 a 144
No.l Red 140 l4l
Corn-High Mixed £o
Low do
White 52 a 53
Oats—No. I,——v v 41 a 42-
No. 2. 40 a 40%
Consumption or Cough,
PLEASE
READ THE FOLLOWING LETTER.
Mount Vernon, 111., April 29,1871.
Messrs. J. N. Harris A'Co., Cincinnati, Ohio
Gentlemen— l heard one o£ my customers speak in
stick high terms of Allen’s Lung Balsam to-day that I
thought I would writeyou the Substance of his 'state
ments. tie says lifs mother. Who is now 'tGtty ytaxs- of
age, has suffered with consumption for several
y bars, And Has been uhder the care of all our best
physicians, Wit neVer received any permanent benefit;
then she resorted to every kind of Cough and Lung
Balaam that could be procured far her, but Ml to no
avu.il. She still grow worse, untifcisho was conhned tq
barbed; and when she was seized with a paroxysm of
roughing, she would loss the power Of respiration, and
they were compelled to resort to various means to re
store-breathing; and while she coughed so hard she
could not expectorate anything, and the, family and
friends had given up all hopos of her recovery. Iter
son noticed the advei tisement,of Allen’s Lung Balsam
in the Chiistian Advocate, ana they thought they would
procure and try it- They commenced giving her the
BaJsam At 5 o’clock p. m., as directed, a dose every
hemr urftil mldnight; then she took another spell of
coughing, and expectorated a mouthful of dark, yel
low matter, which was something, she had not been
able to do for some time. They continued to give her
the Balsam until morning, and then she Began to ex
pectorate freely, and within two hours she had expec
torated thirlf. pints of mucous matter, which gave
her iminodiate,reUef: arai-giimatljat time she has con
duced to improve. She nowwsite up all day, and can
walk about the houso and take considerable hut-door
exercise. Her son bought more of the Balsam to-day
and he is recommending it very highly to every one.
Yours, respectfully,
A. C. JOHNSON, Druggisv.
Was there ever a greater proof of merit than the ca
this letter refers to
ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM is without doubt the
best expectorant REMEDY ever offered to the afflicted
public. It contains no opium in any form, and its ttse
is harmless to the most delicate.
Directions accompany each bottle.
It is Sold by Medicine Dealers Generally.
CAUTION.
Call for “ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM,” and shun
the use of any other balsam, as unprincipled men may
deceive you with worthless preparations.
J. N. HARRIS CO., Proprietors.
Cincinnati, 0.
Sold Wholesale bv GREENE <fc BUTTON, Milwau
kee; H. BOSWORTH Sc SONS, Milwaukee; FULLER
DULLER. Chicago; RICHARDSON CO., St.
Louis; McCULLOOH. McCORD CO., La Crosse;
NO iris BROTHERS CUTLER, St. Paul.
Shocks to the System.
The first 'shock of winter tells tremendously upon
[i*t ‘"MMI Jfiff J®**
enfeebled systems. Every one knows that in passing
from a warm region to a cold one, or vice versa, the
body requires, as a protection against epidemics, an
acclimating medicine. All travelers and voyagers
admit this. It is equally necessary to acclimate the
system in passing the confines of one season and en
tering upon another. Autumn is gone and winter is
here.' Prepare the frame and the constitution to
meet the change by a course of Hostetter’s Stomach
Bitters. This inestimable vegetable tonic increases
the staminal strength of those who take it, and ren
ders them proof to a great extent against the devital
izing power of cold and damp. These two agents are as
prolific of disease as tropical heat, and animal vigor
-such vigor as this healthful and pine tonic diffuses
through the whole organization—is a repellant which
they cannot master. A large proportion of the colds,
catarrhs, and pulmonary complaints which prevai
in winter, might be avoided, by strengthening and
regulating the system in advance with this imigor
ant and alterative. Net that it is recommended as a
specific for those complaints, but as a preventive of
their causes. On liie other hand, it is not only a pre
ventive of, but a specific for the indigestion, intes
tinal irregularities, malarious fevers, billons attacks
and nervous aflectvpn, superinduced by a '■hilly and
damp atmosphere,
The Halford Leicestershire Table
Sauce, highly recommended for family use.
CHICAGO BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
Chicago Wholesale Houses Ready to
Supply Dealers.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
W. B KEEN, COOKE CO.. Pi: E. 'Wa.hington lit.
5V ESTEBN XEWS CO., 9\ yT 4 99 West Randolph st.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
U/J8. BENUERSny 4 CD., Michigan av.* Congress st.
PHEfiPS. DODGE PALMER.Mich. av. Congress.
O. H. FARGO S CO., 575 State street.
WISWALL, NAZBO THOMPSON'. 231 Michigan av.
CLOAKS, CLOAK CVGS AND TRIMMINGS.
J. W. Griswold
CLEMENT. MORTON A CO-.Mich. av., cor. Adams,
CORDAGE, TWINES AND DUCK.
GILBERT HUBBARD ACO.. H an'i IS Market street.
CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE.
H. P. MERRILL A CO.. 30 and 32 South Canal st.
Tr DRUGGISTS.
VAN SCHAAK, STEVENSON REID, 547 Wabash av.
T _ r DRY GOODS.
J. FARWEL GO.. 217 and 249 Monroe street.
HAMLIN, HALE CO.. 31 aDd 33 South Canal street.
T HARDWARE.
Hall, Kimbark Cos.. Michigan av., near Randolph st.
HIBBRD A SPENCER, Mich. av.. near Randolph st.
SEEBEaGKR ABREAKEY. 10 and 12 W. Randolph.
HATS, CAPS AND FIRS.
KETTH BROS., cor. Michigan av. and Washington st.
SWEET. DEMPSTER CO., 56 61 West Washing
ton street.
KING BROS. CO., 517 Wabash avenue.
IMPERIYL GIN AND WHISKIES.
H. H. SHUFELDT CO- 144 Fultoa street.
JEWELLERS.
GILES) BRO. CO- 364 Wabash avenue.
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
PAGE BRO. ACO.. 35 and 37South Canal st.
r MILLINERY.
MAYHON. DALY A CO- 143 Michigan avenue.
D. B. FISK A CO- 57 West Washington street.
KEITH BROS., cor Michigan av. and Washington st.
GAGE BROS. A CO.. 06! Indiana avenue.
MUSIC AND PIANOS.
ROOT CADY, 612 Michigan avenue.
V. W. KIMBALL. 610 Michigan avenue.
SEWING SILK.
BELDING BROS. A CO., Michigan av,, cor Jackson.
SHIP CHANDLERS AND SAIL MAKERS.
GILBERT HUBBARD A 00,, 14 and 16 Market st.
STOVES-WHOLESALE.
J. F. RATHBONE A CO- 30 and 32 South Canal st.
SAVE!
MONET!
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
for the best, most widely circulated AGRICUL*
TURAL and HORTICULTURAL PAPER in
the WORLD for the HOUSEHOLD and for the
CHILDREN.
We must have U. We witl have it.
AMERICAN
AGRICULTURIST,
Is KNOWN ALL OVER THE COUNTRY, and
acknowledged to be tho nlienpest and best AGRI
CULTURAL and HORTICULTURAL PAPER ever
published.
PURE in all its SENTIMENTS.
CORRECT in all its TEACHINGS.
RELIABLE even in all its ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its CIRCULATION nearly equals that of all other
Agricultural papers combined.
HO YEARS in succession it has been the best.
FOR THE FARM.
Have the Best Stock.
Amaican Agriculturist ;is a large periodical of 44
finely printed, and filled with plain, practical,
pages, 7 matter, inoluding hundreds of beauti
reliable origin*. _’v GRAV i NGg in every annual
ful and instructive
volume.
FOR THE GARDEN.
It contains °ach month a Calender of Operations to
be performed on the FARM, in the ORCHARD and
GAB.DEN, in and around the DWELLING, etc.
The thousands of hints and suggestions given in
every volume are prepared by pr actical, intelligent
Working Men, who know what they write about.
FOR THE HOUSEHOLD
The HOUSEHOLD DEPARTMENT is valuable to
every Housekeeper, affording very many useful
hints and directions calculated to lighten and facili
tate In-Door Work.
FOR THE CHILDREN
We have got it I We have got it
THE DEPARTMENT FOR CHILDREN AND
YOUTH is prepared with special ca e, both to furnish
amusement, and to inculcate knowledge and sound
moral principles.
American Agriculturist has an immense circulation,
and on this account can be offered so cheaply. It
contains 44 large quarto pages, and ENGRAVINGS
that alone are worth far more than the price of the
paper, which costs
oBTL IT $1.50 A IT EAR,
4 Copies, 85 5 lO Copies, 812 5 20 Copies, B’2o.
The volumes of American Agriculturist constitute a
Cyclopedia of AGRicULTUftAL and Horticultural
Literature, invaluable to every one who owns a -rood
of land, ns they contain the writings of the very best
authors on those subjects in the country.
TRY iT A YEAR
Remit in Checks, Post office Money Orders or Regis
tered Letters. Send for Premium List of more than
100 Valuable Articles, worth from to 3025
each, any of which may be obtained with a little labor
without money. Send for .a sample copy ree.
ORANGE JUDE COMPANY,
P VDLISHERS,
245 Broadway, New York.
THORBURN’S
LATE ROSE POTATOES.
The finest and most nmeh
ration. This is the lota O tlm Descriptive
attention at the e ine m Quality, on applicn-
Circulars and price iv CO„
non to J i u ls John ew Y ork.
FORTHT
History of the
WAR IN EUROPE
t i no flue engravings of Battle
It contains ovef ;var. and is the only
Seen*! and OFFICIAL history of that
FLLL. AIIHL>IIL au tiß ,r;.hniiprecedent
great conflict. (Agents are qq cop i e s per day, and
ed successgelling from -U (^’rman
itis pubhshedi lYeth iserU r histories are being
ATITTOIS circulated. See that the
C A- -XA r A engravings and aOO
book yon bdy com tain* *_’* j S eo jur terms, a
rages. ,Snd for circular nni s XATION.VL
fun descrlpiion of e iw s P i Chicago, 111.,
PUBLISHING CO., Philadelphia, P<., umcago,
or Stllioniß. Mo. 1
stop
wanted. C. A. Scu?T. Cincinnati. Ctno.
1 s37s:^^^^%^
$30,000 IN GOLD!
THE NATIONAL ENGINEERS’ ASSOCIATION.
ORAND CARNIVAL OF UUSIC AT
mnuim mm ust MiKi m,
IN AID OS' THE ABOVE ASSOCIATION,
FRIDAY, DECEIIBBR 15TH, 1871,
At which Time will be Given Away 2.044 GIFTS.
$150,000.00 TO BE DISTRIBUTED AS FOLLOWS:
1 Gift of $30,000 IX GOLD. TO Gifts of 500 each In Greenbacks.
1 20,000 .....In Greenbacks. 200 ioo
1 10,900 300 5O 11
1 5,000 5OO 2O
70 Gifts of 1,000 each.... 1,000 IQ
lea Paid up Life Insurance Policies, SI,OOO each, in th 6 Northwestern Life Insurance Company, SIO,OOO.
150,000 TICKETS AT $2.00 EACH.
LOOK AT IT--$30,000 IN COLD FOR A $2.00 BILL.
Honest, reliable, and worthy of the support and encouragement of everybody.
X ne only enterprise of the kind ever gotten up on eo liberal a scale.
ky some of the first engineers in the country, and devoted to their intoreets.
It LFLK RACES We take pleasure in referring to the following prominent gentlemen here and else
where, who, recognizing the noble and beneficent object in view, have fully and unhesitating allowed us the
usqof their names:
il°ii. A K, Williams, State Senator. N. Y. J. L. Taylor, Esq., Cashier People’s Bank, Manistee,
A- u Gilmore, Esq., Banker, 107 West ltandolph-et., Michigan.
Chicago. Thos. L. Humes, Esq., F. S. Inspector engineers, Mil-
Messrs. Peirce <s Whaling, Wholesale Iron Merchants, waukee.
Milwaukee. Richard Davis, Esq., Proprietor Marino Boiler Works.
Messrs. Seifert. Lawton Cos., Lithographers, Mil- Milwaukee.
v.aukee. S. Cadwallader, Esq., Milwaukee Daily News.
11. Nunnemacher, Esq„ Grand Opera House, Milwati- Elijah Fairbairn, M. M., P. duC. Shops.
aee. N.B. Caswell Esq., Hardware Merchant, Milwaukee.
Engineers, Conductors, Expressmen, Firemen and Brakesmen look at this splendid Chance. Tickets only
Iwo Dollars each. Agents liberally dealt with.
For full and complete particulars see small hills and circulars, or send your address to
u THE NATIONAL ENGINEERS* ASSOCIATION,” MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN.
P. 0. Drawer 393. CHAS. D. SMITH, President
J. Walk ar, Proprietor. R. IT. McDonald A Cos., Druggists
Gen.’Agents, Sp.ix Francisco, Cal. j and 34 Commerce atfstij.N, Y.
MILLIONS Bear Testimony to their
Wonderful Curative Effects.
They are not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Poor
Rum, Whiskey, Proof Spirits and Refuse
Liquors doctored, spiced and sweetened to pleaso the
taste,called “Tonics,” “Appetizers,” “Restorers,”&c.,
that lead the tipple" on to drunkenness and ruin,but are
a true Medicine, made from tho Native Roots and Herbs
of California, free from all Alcoholic Stimu
lants. They arc the GRE AT 111,001) PURI
FIER and A LIFE GIVING PRINCIPLE,
a perfect Renovator and Invigorator of tho System,
carrying off all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell,
provided their bones are not destroyed, by mineral
poison or other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They are a Gentle Purgative as well as a
Tonic, possessing, also, the peculiar merit of acting
as a 'powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, in young or
old, married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
the turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheuma
tism and Gout, Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
Bilious, Remittent and Intermittent Fe
vers, Diseases of tho Blood, Liver, Kid
neys and Bladder, these Bitters have been most
successful. Such Diseases are caused by Vitiated
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs,
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Head
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations of the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Month, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation ol
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painfuhsymp
toms, are the offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
efficacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pastsles, Boils, Car
buncles, Ring-Worms. Scald Head. Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, Itch, Scurfs, Discolorations of the Skin, Humors and
Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of the system in a short
time by the use of these Bitters. One bottle in such
cases will convince the most incredulous of their cura
tive effects,
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its im
purities bursting through tho skin in Pimples, Erup-’
tions or Sores; cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins; cleanse st when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when- Keep the blood
pure, and the health of tho system will follow.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms, lurking in the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the face ot the
earth whose body is exempt from the presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
body that worms exist, but upon tho diseased humors
and slimy deposits that breed these jiving monsters of
disease. No System of Medicine, no vermifuges, no
anthelmintics will free the system from worms like
these Bitters.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R. H. MCDONALD A CO.,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, San Francisco. California,
and 32 and 34 Commerce Street, New York.
BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALERS.
Grand, Square and Upright Pianos
were awarded the
First Qrnnd Gold Medal,
World’s Fair, Paris, 1887, and London, 1862.
The Steinway Pianos are universally conceded to be
The Leading First-Class Piano
now before the public. These instruments are pre
ferred to all others by the most celebrated pianists.
They are used by all the principal concert troupe’
whenever attainable. They have a truly Worldwide
reputation, being largely exported to iturope, and alt
parts of the civilized world, and they are sought to be
imitated by nearly all American and European Piano-
Stejnway Sons’ Mammoth Manufactory
is the most perfectly arranged and extensive estab
lishment ot it3 kind in the world. The published offi
cial Revenue returns having revealed the fact that
the amount of their yearly sales exceed those of the twelve
largest piano-makers of New York combined. _
Steinway Sons call special attention to their
New Patent Upright Pianos
with double Iron frame, Patent Resonator and Tubu
lar Frame action, which are matchless in volume and
quality of tone, end surpassing .facility of action, while
standing longer in tune and being more impervious to
atu spheric influences than any other Piano at present
manfactured.
Every Piano Warranted for Five Years.
Prices as low as the exclusive use of the best mate
rials and thorough workmanship will permit. Old
Pianos taken in exchange.
35- Illustrated Catalogues with price-lists mailed
free on application.“h®.
WA It BROOMS, STEINWAY HA LX,
109 and 111 East Fourteenth St., New York.
“Wide Awake SS'HSaS
moa—subjects LIFE
SlZE,—exquisite facsimiles of original Oil Paintings,
Ol YEN A WA Y to eTery subscriber to
HENRY WARD BEECHER’S
Great LITERARY, RELIGIOUS, WEEKLY NEWS
PAPER. Agents having great success One took
1,000 in 3 months another 600 in weeks and tniiny
others equally well, making from soand $lO to S4O per
day Takes cm sight! An oid agent who bruncs. says 1:
I think it the best business for canvassers ever offered.
Sorry I did not engage soontr.” Pays better then
any book agency. A rare chance to make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED.
Intelligent men and women wanted everywhere. If
you wish good territory, send early for circular and
terms J. B. FORK A CO.. 27 Park Place, N. Y. 11
Broinfield St.. Boston: 2=js W. Madison St., Chicago.
Universalism.
York State Convention of Universahsts, and contain
ing the Sermons of Dr E. H. Ohapin. Terms $2 so
per vear. Address. Publisher Christian Leader.
1248 Broadway. New York City.
OPIUM EATERS curedofthe habit. 1 address
T. E. CLAKKB, M. O Mount Vernon. Ohm.
sy Si K.!°To; on oi;te. &~*6
GK B SNYDEB, lock box 9 Harrisburg,
?a.
jgglpisf
'in.'! ■'7'’' if
Principal Office 101 W. Fifth St., Cincinnati, 0.
The Only Reliable Gift Distribution In the
country.
L. D. SINE’S EIGHTEENTH
HAD AIM ITRIBMI
To be Drawn Monday, January Ist, I S7!J.
$200,000.00
IN VALUABLE GIFTS!
TWO GRAND CAPITAL PRIZES
SIO,OOO IN AMERICAN GOLD
10,000 IN AMERICAN SILVER!
Five Prizes *I,OOO j CRII I 111) Iff 0 I
Ten Prizes *SOO U lll!l Ei If 1)41A A i
One Span of Matched Horses, with Family Carriage
Hud Silver-iloiuited Harness, worth sl,f>oo! Five
Horses and Buggies, with Silver-Mounted Harness,
worth S6OO each Five Fine-Toned Rosewood Pianos,
worth SSOO each! Twenty-five Family Sewing Ma
chines, worth SIOO each! 2,300 Gold and Silver l ever
Hunting Watches (in all,) worth from $25 to S3OO
each! Ladies’ Gold Leontine and Gents’ Gold Vest
Chains, Sold and Double-Plated Silver Table and
Teaspoons, Photograph Albums, Jewelry, Ac., Ac.. Ac.
Number of Gifts, 26,000! Tick 'ts limited to 100,000
Agents Wanted to Sell Tickofe, to whom Liberal
Premiums will be paid.
Bingle Tickets, $2 5 Six Tickets, $lO Twelve
Tickets, S2O Twenty-five, S4O. ts
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a descrip
tion of the manner of drawing, and other information
in referenco to tho distribution, will be sent to any
one ordering them. All letters must be addressed to
office, X.. SINE Box 86,
101 W. Fifth St. CINCINNATI, O.
Fortunes for Some!
A Grand Christinas Gift for All.
Who take a share in tho Great Holiday Drawing.
Established in 1860 for Educational purposes.
NATIONAL! GIFT ENTERPRISE.
Our Seventu or Annual Holiday Drawing will take
place in Public in Hon. L. I). Campbell’s Hall,
MONDAY, DECEMBER sth, 1 87 I.
non in Cash and Valuable Lifts distributed
vpIvUjUUU to the shareholders.
One Cash Prize in American Gold SIO,OOO
do do Greenbacks 5,000
Six Cash Prizes, each 1-000
Single Shares, Oft. Six Share- SIO.OO.
The National is conducted on anew and popular
plan, every shareholder receives at oncea choice work
of art well worth $2.00, the amount paid for share, and
may at the same time receive one of the Principal
10 000 Agents wanted, to whom liberal deductions
will’be made. Drawl ngs take place every.6o days.
Circulars containing references and full tniormation
sent to any one ordering them.
Address at once, 1.. A. BOLI, Manaarer,
Lock 175. HAMILTON, OHIO.
50th YEAR.
NEW YORK OBSERVER
$3 per Annum, including Year Book for 1872.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, JR. CO.
37 Park Raw, New York.
S A M PEE CO P I UiH F R E E.
Chicago Destruction,
A full and complete history of Chicago, her past, pres
ent and future With graphic scenes, incidents and full
details of the disaster, by 6co. P Upton, and J. W. Shea
han, editors of the Chicago Tribune. W ith over 4- 4>
pastes, and 50 J llusti ation*. It is now ready for
delivery. Send SI.OO for
AbtiaiS WANTED’ omiit and ,olloloo ofterri
tory. Union Ptwnßnmg ChiwwoJliM or Pnila.a
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman’s Patent Appli
ance and Compound. Office 697 Broadway, N. Y.
Send 10c. for book with photographic likenesses of cases
before and after cure, with Henry Ward Beecher’s
case, lettersand portrait. Beware of traveling impor
ters, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr. £>hke~
M AN.
DITHEISGE’ Sf#
XX FLINT CLASS THh
LAMP CHIMNEYS
Stand Heat better than any other made.
Ask for Dithridge’s, and take no other.
See that oar name is on every box.
DITHRIDGE SON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Send lor Price lilt.
8 O’CLOCK.
gHW THE*-NECTAR
SSTpurych'.'lEsetsAiV with the Green Tea Flavor. War-
f^ rS! ranted to suit ail tastes. For sals
2; everywhere. And for sale whole
hSff 'SsaSiwA®! Half only by the (iron tAt lull tic:
£9? vY Pacific Tea Cos., 8 Church.
St., New York, P. 0. B x 5509.
’--ffr Bend for Thei-Nectar Circular.
REDU CTIO3XT OP PRICES
To conform to reduction of dnties.
GREAT SAYING TO CONSUMERS
BY GETTING UP CLUBS.
$3~ Send for our New Price List and a clubJor.
will accompany it, containing full directions ma.tin
a large saving to consumers, and remunerative to elu
organizer*.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.,
31 and 33 Vesey Street,
P. O. Box 5643. .New OrK.
VOTT AWE YOUR
NEIGHBOR
C4AN HAVE THE AMERICAN RURAL HbME
through 1872 for only 81.50 each-or S3 for
both—and Free through December besides
First-class, Eight-page, Agricultural and
Family WEBK.fiY Specimen free.
Address HOPKINS WILCOX, Rochester. N. Y.
papr for a month to ail who ask for specimens,
rilbb Free for thirteen mouths to all who send
four new Subscribers, and each new subscriber
also receiving the extra month fbee. The Port
land Transcript, one of the largest, most enter
taining and instructive literary aua family weeklies
in the country. Seven mouths, on trial, for sl. All
leading Periodicals clubbed with on terms worth in
quiring into. Address Transcript. Portland. Me.
Zrjfcw w for first-class Pianos. Sent on trial. No
agents. Address U. 8. PIANO 00.. 865
Broadway. New York.
MISS SAWYER’S SALVE.
TTERE you have a salve combining soothing and
no dangerous ingred-
InVio. j 1 for tbe tnfny pains and
aches, wounds and bruise* to which tfesh is heir.
Is more easily applied than many other remedies,
never producing a bad effect, but always relieving
pain, however severe.
It is prepared by Mu Sawyer, who has used it
ft) he- own extensive treatment oi the sick for
nearly Iweuty years, with grout success.
Tile principal diseases for widen this salve is rec
ommended are, Chilblains, ftheumafism, Piles,
Scrofula Old Ulcers, Salt ftticum, y r Sums,
Fever Sores, Felons, Pintles, Eiyfhutas, Sore
Fi/es, Barber's Itch, Deafness, Boils,fting-tcorins,
Corns, Bites of Insects, Cancers, Toothache, Bar
ache, Sore Hippies, Baldness, StcolUn Breasts,
Itch, Scald Head, Teething, .Gbavpal Hands,
Scalds, (hits, Bruises, Croup, CrticJud Lips, and
Sores on Children
It never fails to cure Rheumatism if properly
applied. Rub it on well with the hantf three limes
a day. In several cases it has cured palsied limbs.
For Piles it has been discovered to be a sure rem
edy. Persons that have been afflicted for years
have been relieved by a few applications. For Fry
sipelas it works wonders, allayingthf inflammation
.and quieting the patient For Chapted Hands it
produces a cure immediately. Let matt w ith Salt
Rheum obtain tills Salve, nnd apply it freely, and
they will find it invaluable. It is good-in eases of
Scrofula and Tumors. Cancers liavo been cured,
with it. Tho best Salve over invented for Swollen
Breast and Sore Hippies. No way injurious, but
sure to afford relief. Sore or Weah jtyts Huh it
on the lids gently, once or twice u UayTT Cures deaf
ness by putting" in the ears on a piece of cotton.
For Felons this is superior to anything known.
For Pimples this acts like a charm. For Burns
and Scalds, apply the Salve at once and it gives
immediate relief." For Old Sores, apply once
day.
Not among the least of tho invaluable properties
of Miss Sawveu’s Salvf. arc its beneficial effects
on the hair. Rubbed oa the scalp, in five or six
different parts, it promotes the growth of the hair,
prevents it turning gray, and on bald spots it pro
duces anew growth of hair. No lady should bo
without this invaluable article as an iiidispensablo
cosmetic for the toilet. It eradicates dapdrutV and
disease front the head, and blotches and pimples
from the lace.
NYe, the undersigned, have been acquainted witli
Miss Sawyer for many years, and belfeve her to be
a Christian lady and a ukilftfl nurse, and having
used her salve in our families, it gives tis great
pleasure in saying it is tho best general medicine
we have ever used:
Rev. E. F. Cutter, John T. Berry,
Rev. W. O. Holman, Win, It. Titcoaib,
Rev. Joseph Kalloch, Mrs. Charles Snov
Rev. George l’rntt, Mrs. Alex. Snow,
Gen. J. P. Chley and wife, Dr. E. P. Chase and wife-
Capt. J. Crocker nnd wife, J. Wakefield and wife,
Capt. Dovid Ames and wife, Win. Beattie ami wife,
Wm. W iinn and wife, Jacob Shnw and wife,
E. R. Spear, John 8. Case and wife,
A. S. Rice, n. AV. Wight *n.l wile,
Geo. W. Kimball, Jr. (Mayor W. O. Fuller and wife,
of Rockland) aud wife, Thomas Cohan Slid wife,
Joseph Farwell, Den. Hairy liicraham and
C. R. Mallard. wife,
Ephraim Barrett, O. J. Conant (Postmaster of
LeaHder Weeks, lioqkland) and wife,
Hon. N. A. Burpee, I. K. Kimball and wife,
Francis Cobb, William MeLovn-
TO THE AFFLICTED,
If your Druggist id out of the Salve, nd no.-rlcetf
to keep supplied, send seventy-five cents as directed,
below, and receive a box by return mail.
Put up in Largo Boxes at 50 cents each
(nearly three times as large as the box represented
above). Prepared by MISS (J- SAWYER, and
put up by L. M. ROBBINS, Wholesale
and Retail Druggist, Rockland, Mo.
A Trial Box sent free by mail on receipt ol" seventy
five ceuts, by L. M. ROBBINS, Rockland, Me.
THIS VALUABLE SALVE IS SOLD BY
.ALL DEALERS IN MEDICINES.
Ayer’s
Cherry Sectoral,
Jb’or Diseases of the Throat and Dungs,
such as Coughs, Colds, Whoop in,?;
Cough, Bronchitis, Asthma,
and Consumption.
r discoveries of an inn
science, few aro of
more real value to
mankind than this ef
fectual remedy for all
diseases of the Throat.
throughout this and
other countries, has
shown that it does
surely and effectually
control them. The testimony of our best citi
zens, of all classes, establishes the fact, that
Cherry Pectoral will and does relieve and
cure the afflicting disorders of tho T liront nnd
Lungs beyond any other medicine. The most
dangerous affections of the Pulmonary Organs
yield to its power; and cases of Consump
tion, cured by this preparation, aro public
ly known, so remarkable as liardly to bo be
lieved, were they not proven beyond dispute.
Asa remedy it is adequate, on which the public
may rely for full protection. By curing Coughs*
the forerunners of more serious disease, it saves
unnumbered lives, and an amofitit of suffering
not to be computed. It challenges trial, and con
vinces the most sceptical. Every family should
keep it on hand as a protection against the early
and unperceived attack of Pulmonary Affections,
which are easily met at first, hut which become
incurable, and Jo often fatal, if neglected. Ten
der lungs need this dofenco; and it is unwise to
be without it. A. a safeguard lo children, amid
tho distressing diseases which BeiMlMlio Throat
and Chest of childhood, .CUKBJiX. JL’Jcctoral
is invaluable; for, by Its timely iu>e, multi
tudes are rescued from premature graves, and
saved to tho love and affection c itred on them.
It acts speedily and surely aguiustordinury colds,
securing sound and health-restoring prcep. No
one will suffer troublesome liilltien/a and pain
ful Bronchitis, when they know Low easily
they can be cured.
Originally the product of long, laborious, and
successful chemical investigation, no cost or toil
is spared in making every bottle in the utmost
possible perfection. It may b confidently re
lied upon as possessing all the virtues it has ever
exhibited, and capable of producing cures as
memorable as tho greatest it lias over effected.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer Cos.,
I’rncticnl and Anulytlenl ChcmintM,
LOWELL, MASS, a
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS EYE Rif WHERE.
OVFIt.ONE HUNDRED PAGES,
Printed in Two Colors, on superb TIVVkd Papkb.
Four Hundred Engravings ol Flowers,
Plants and Vegetables, with and
TWO COLORED PLATES.
Directions and p’aas for making Walk o Lawns,
Gardens. &c. The handsomest anl best FLORA!.
GUIDE in the world. All for Ten Cents, to those
1 vho think of buying Seeds. Not quarter the cost,
sold of 1871. Address,
JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y.^
For Beauty -of Polish, Saving of Labor,
Freeness from Dust, Durability Cheap
ness,truly unrivaled.
Beware of Worthless Imitations, under other names
but resembling ours In shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
The Rising Sun Polish in buht, for/ttove dealers
use St twelve cents per pound—tweet /-fire and fifty
nam'd boxes. “Cheaper than any other Bulk Polish
for nothing.”
MORSE BROS., Prop’rs.
CANTON, MASS
WILL. M. UARLETON,
author ok
“BETSEY AND I ARE OUT,
EDITS AND WRITES
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
J n t Family Newspaper in the Country. Wfm
The Beet krid clnfi circular. Ad-
r s Mich.
ns shot Guns. Revolvers, Gun Material sot
kind Write for arrice iist to Great West
n™ Works Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns and Ko
nhonrht’ortradodVt.z Alf4.nted.
A- —r>KNTS Wonted.— Agents make more money at
work for u, *han at any t bin* l^ticularafrj*.
srrssoi, A Co- Was Art land. Miaij^.
TYTHEN WRITING to AH?EHTISKBir
\V plcaae aay you saw the advertisement
,nt G.U P N Per Dec. 16,1871. N0.60. I