jpe jglarke g'oiirier.
JOHN O. CROWN,
It» I T O R A X PROPRIETOR.
£erhywIjLR, claukk co., r.t.
THURSDAY, DCTORER 28, 1871.
.1 ,_■_■ i•»[_
C’onNcrvntiVo Ticket.
FOR TnE SENATE,
GEORGE W. WARD.
For the iiouse of delegates,
Maj. WM. G. HARDESTY.
Ward and iJahdc.hty is the ticket which
claims tho support of every conservative vo-
ter in Clarke county. These gentlemen are
WellknoWn, we believe, to most of our people
•“-if they ate not, they conic to tis endorsed
by the party which nominated them, ami that
is sufficient.
It is the duty of every conservative to work
from now until the day of election closes in
order to secure tire triumph of this ticket. It
is not a self-constituted ticket, like that of
BeVctal other gentleman, each of whom set
himself up as a golden calf t<* be worshipped,
butja ticket that was nominated under sanction
of part}’ usage, and tlrerefore worthy the sup
port of every man who considers himself a
member of that party.
Conservatives, bo not allured into destruc
tion by the false lights hung out to deceive
tire unwary; have faith in your principles and
the men to whom has been entrusted the
Working out and preservation of those prin
ciples. You aro warned that men arc not
<o be considered in this canvass—of much
greater importance to you is the preservation
of law and order and the keeping of this
grand old commonwealth's escutcheon pure
and unsullied.
There aro men before you, asking you for
Jour votes, who were charged with having
tnade pledges to the colored^radical organisa
tion in this toiVn, and who have never
denied the charge. Now, personally, we
fespect these gentlemen, and wo believe you
do, but when they, for the sake of place, pan
der to the unlettered and ignorant, we deem
It Mir-duty to tell you of it, so that yon may
Vote Intelligently and knowingly. We ask
J-ou, in all randor, Rrc you prepared to bring
•tipon yourselves and State the calamities that
have befallen the oppressed and overburdened
people of South Carolina, Texas, Louisiana,
add other Southern States now controlled by
negroes and radicals? All tlie woes that are
heaped upon these peoplo are mainly owing
to the ambition of certain individuals who,
in their thirst for position, forgot the dictates
of prudence and social purity, and went beg
ging for the support of those they knew to be
■disqualified from expressing themselves iutcl
■ligently upon political issues.
While it is true that at the present election
the success of either independent candidate
.would not, of itself, bring upon us the op
pressions uudar which the people of those
states are groaning, yet it is possible that
the triumph of one or the other many prove
the entering wedge for their introduction.
Vote for safety and peace by voting for
"Ward and Hardesty,
ItVill no camraM of the county be made by tbe j
Conservatives? We do not like to see so much
apathy when those in the interests of radical
ism are so hard at work. Mr. Morgan and
Mr. Moore nro circulating around freely,
promising to do this tiling and that thing, ac
cording to the seutimeuts of the person they
approach.
While conservatives ought do know their
■duty, and knowing it, perform it, there are
those who may need encouragement—who do
m t understand the real issues involved in this
ontrst—and it is proper that others should
enlighten and strengthen them with their
words of wisdom and courage.
It is the duty of the earnest men of the
parly to seek out those in want of counsel,
and give them the advantage of their enlarged
intelligence; keep them apprised of the work
ings and.machinations of radicalism and its
adherents; acquaint them with the names of
those candidates who are pandering to and
have pledged to support tha interests of the
ignorant and unlettered; and, finally, to urge
it upon all conservatives to go to the pulls on
election day, and vote.
Canvassers have been appointed by the
State Committee, and we would like to see
them go to work immedfoti-'y. There is dan
ger in repose. We have before alluded to the
completeness and perfection of the radical or
ganization, and wo do uot believe your eyes
should fee -shut to this fact. That pat tv
can mass its strength at a moment’s notice,
and, if our party acts supinely from now un
til the election, there is no telling what the
radicals miy accomplish. Goto work, then,
for the purpose of polling the foW conserva
tive strength at the coming November election
jfor Ward and Hardesty.

During the summer the Emperors of Ger
many and Austria met at Gastein, and var
ious were tbe surmises as to tho object of this
meeting. A despatch from London says, it
is now certain that tho Gastrin conference
agreed upon energetic measures for thu sup
pression of the International Society. Italy
refuses to combine with the other powers in
the repressive movement, alleging as a reason
tfhat the Italian labor agitators are apposed to
the Interactional Society.
While tlio of Europe are becoming
alarmed at the power of the people through
their Trades Uuions, the-people of Shis coun
try are becoming alarmed ati the power of
their President.

Hr. ISradlaw, the ‘'Republican” leader in
England’, bas publicly declared that Queen
"Victoria is insane, and at a monster meeting
held in Loudon, he demanded that a Regen*
«y, to be entrusted to the Judges of Law and
Equity, be had uutil a Republic shall be es
tablished*
In view of the result of the recent elections
id Pennsylvania and ©bio* the Pittsburg Post
•omce out for Thomas A. Scott for President
4W the man to carry Pennsylvania against
JBcant bj an overwhelming majority,
War has been declared. Another procla- j
motion, following (hot ono issued against the j
so called Ku-klux, lias been issued by tho l
President declaring martial law and the sus
pension of the writ of habeas corpus in cer-
tain districts of South Carolina. This is done
in a time of peace. This ia dolre in State
governed by radicals, who were the tools of a
radical Congress and a radical President.
What a commentary on the party of “great
inoral ideas.”
The country is not startled at this proclama
tion of martial law and tho suspension of the
grent charter of individual rights. So long
has tyranny ruled with a rod of iron tho
Southern States that tho people of tho North
seem prepared to hear and accept any measure
destructive of oitr interests. Not until some
great calamity befalls her people, and they
arc made to snlTtw as we of the prostrate and
devastated South, will they awaken from their
torpor. So long ns their bonds bring them
eight aud ten per cent interest, and they arc
permitted to drive about in fine carriages and
feast in princely style through gains wrung
from the Mood and treasure of millions, they
care no', how we arc humiliated and crushed
and robbed. I5ut Ca'sar's legions, liceuscd to
plunder and tho commission of every crime,
may some day be ordered to cross the ltnlu
con, and when these trained bands meet you
face to face beforo your vaults, with the sword
in one hand and a torch in the either, your
ploadings for life and property will be all in
vain.
Though the people in these certain districts
have been deprived of all civil rights, by this
proclamation, it is only a slight change of ru
lers—the brutal, ignorant freedmeu’s govern
ment has been deposed, aud the brutal sold
ier-and-hayonet government substituted. The
latter can be an improvement on the former,
and it may turn out to bo so. While the
change may not better the condition of tilings,
it can hardly make them worse.

“Taxation has been increased almost be- j
yond the limits of human endurance, and the i
Democratic Legislature, with its two-thirds
majority, has passed oppressive and unneces
sary laws, (timing which the funding bill
stands prominent.'’—Platform rj the Jicyvlj- i
lican Party.
The brazen-faced impudence of the above
could only emanate from radicals carpet-bag
gers and their dupes. There is not a State in
tire South controlled by them that has not
had its debt doubled, and in some cases, trip
led and quadrupled; and with a party record
of this kind before the world they have the
effrontery to complain that taxation in Vir- 1
gtnta “lias bor n increased almost beyond en
durance.” The cry of this very party in I
Texas was that they would “tax the people
out of their lands—tax them to death—and
then we [colored and white radicals] will be
come tho owners of their estates at a farth
ing.” If the radical turtles, who areas shirt-
less, thieving, aud ignorant in this State as
they are in Texas, wera to obtain control if;
ottr government, State and county, it would
not be long beforo they would apply such a
blister to our people. We want yon to put
this i:r your pipes and smoke it until election
day, und vote as you would have your bed
made.

A Heated Partisan.—Referring to a re
corded sale of real estate in New York to a
Mr. Leslie, “of South Carolina,” the Charles
ton Nationalist lone of the two republican or
gans in that State) express itself iu the fu!->
lowing pointed language;
“When we find men who came to the State
with no other fortune than the suit of clothes
on their backs, and whose only stock in trade
was the name of Republican, after a long term
of office, unmarked l>y a display of either tal- 1
cut, patriotism or public spirit, coolly depart-
ing hence with their pockets filled to repletion
with their blood drawn, drop by drop, from j
the veins of the poor colored people and pros
trate native citizens, and investing their gains
in other States, for the benefit of another peo
ple, it is time that the republican party set on
foot a stern and uncompromising inquisition
into the characters of their Kadi rs.”
The issues involved in tho pulitic.il contest,
says the Alexandra Gazette, just now going
on in this S’tntc, are mainly in reference to
the interests and welfare of Virginia. We
believe that the future prosperity, peace, ar.d
happiness of the people of the State, depend
upon the success of the Conservatives at the
election in November. Who is to be the next
President of the United States, is anothei
question. -f)no orirted, earnest, effort will
now secure in Virginia, the triumph of sound
principles, and give us the fair prospect of
the onward progress of the State in the path
which leads to State prosperity.
Rev. Mit. Pnrr.i.ips has been appointed
Superintendent of Public Schools fur Freder
ick C unity, vice A. M. Smith resigned. Mr.
Phillips’ high character and experience in
teaching give -assurance that the post will be
well filled.
We hare hoard it rumored that Rev. T. W.
Dosli, of the Lutheran church, in this town
has received a call from St. John’e church,
Charleston, South Carolina, We trust that
Mr. Dos', will, however, remain in charge of
his present congregation.— Winchester Mews.
Cheap Musk.'.—It is seldom that cheapness
is associated with merit and real value, but
we must make an exception in favor of Peter's
Musical Monthly. This valuable work comes
to us regularly each month, overwhelming
with choice new Music—some fifteen pieces
in every number. It is printed' from SC full
size music-plates, neatly bound, and sells for
tho modest sum of 30 cents. The publisher
offers to send six back numbers,- centaiuing
from 80 to 60' pieces of choico new Music, for
$1. Address, J. L. Peters, 099 Broadway,
Ncw-Yoik. Think of it! 90 to 100 pieces of
good Mu.,ic (244 pages) for $1.
Col. V\ iIsou and Gen. Bowernvan were sen
tenced by Judge Giles, the former to pay a
fino of $3,180 and to serve threo ysars in the
Baltimore City Jail, and tho latter to pay a
fine of $2,340 72, and to a four years’ term of
imprisonment. The amounts in each case
are those cf wlsuh they were convicted of em
bezzling.
m-%
Gen. Reynolds, in command in Texas, finds
that there was no necessity for the Governor’s
proclamation of martial law in Limestone
county, in that State*
Tho losses of Cyrus II. McCormick, in Chi
cngo, amount $750,000. Ho will rebuild
tho reaper factory and warehouses at onco.
The colored Radicals in Pittsylvania have
determined that ‘‘the white trash” in Hicir
party shall no longer dictate candidates for
them!
The Richmond tlispateh has entered upon
its twenty-first year, and well deserves its
success. Tho Dispatch is one of tho best
newspapers In the State.
Freights have been reduced by tho Chesa
peake and Ohio Railroad from Staunton, Va.,
to Richmond by ten cents per barrel on flour
and five cents.per bushel on wheat.
Austin, indicted for bigamy, in marrying
Mississippi I!urke in Washington several
months siuce, has been sentenced, in Alexan
dria, Va., to three years in the penitentiary.
A free ballot having been rendered impos
sible by military interference in the Septem
ber election in 'Poland county, California, the
democrats have brought suit to test its Valid
ity
Accounts from Utah say that Rrighnm
Young intends to contest tho indictments j
found against him, and to niako appeal after
appeal until he shall finally get his case be
fore tho Supreme Court of the United States. I
The IIouso of Clerical and Lay Deputies of
tho Episcopal General Convention adopted
the new Hymnal as reported by the commit
tee. and agreed that no other hymns shall be
used in the Church except those now ordina- 1
rily bound up in tho Prayer Rook.
lu Prussia, Prince Frederick William and!
Princess Victoria, recognixiug the cordial sym
pathy shown in America for German soldiers
during the late war, unite in a contribution of
five hundred thalers for the relief of the sic-
lima of the Chicago calamity.
Ray aid Tay!<>r, who rays that ho has fro- j
quently experienced earthquake shocks in j
other countries, avers that “in no instance
were they accompanied with such a loud and
long-continued reverberation” as tho shock j
several weeks ago in Delaware and the adja
cent cotintics of Maryland.
In a recent speech delivered at. Aberdeen,
it is said that. Mr. Gladstone expressed no fear
of the proceedings of tho “Internationals," but
was rather of the opinion that they would
lie!p to work out the capital and labor prob
lem without doing any serious mischief, at
least in England.
In Rockingham county, the plan of organi
zation adopted by the Richmond conservative
convention lias proved an litter failure after
three attempts to organize. Tho conserve-
tives in Rockingham have nominated no can- j
didatos for the Legislature but left a clear 1
field for n'i‘1.
A beautiful blonde went into a Tmv cigar
store to make t> one purchases. When sha
king her head to announce that the goods did 1
not please here, her auriferous tresses touched j
the patent cigar-lighter and instantly took I
fire. She pulled the wool off and stamped
out the fire, to the amusement of tho bystan
ders.
An old man, named Raker, living in the
house.of his son in Charlottesville, was a few
days ago, found dead in a room which was al
iened to him. The verdict of tho coroner’s j
jury was, “that he came to his death from
want of proper diet, and utter neglect by
those whose duty it was to administer to his
wants.”
l l.o Princess Anne (Md .Herald reports
the Hon. Henry A. Wise at that town. Mr.
Wise is one of the commissioners appointed I
by irginia to settle the lung-disputed boun- i
dary line between that State ami Maryland, j
Mr. L. L. Waters, of Princess Anne, one of
tho Maryland commissioners, had an inter-
view with Mr. Wise, and found him “very
exacting for Virginia."
So dense is the smoke from the burning for
ests of Michigan and Wisconsin, which covers
Lake Huron and Lake Superior, that the
steamer Arctic, the crack vessel of tho upper
lake trade, on her last trip down, was fifteen
hours in finding Marquette after she was ofi
that.Harbor by clock and compass. Such
thick daikncss did the smoko establish, that
the steamer’s lamps were kept burning all
day the same as at night.
The Situation in Virginia.—-As there is
a large part of the Slate completely under the
power of colored majorities, it is not iliflicult
to see that, should there be discord in those
sections were intelligence, fidelity, and capa
bility are in the ascendant, the controlling
power in the Legislature may pass into the
hands of the ignorant, incompetent, and un
reliable. Every change of a vote counts dou
bk—takes from one side and adds to the oth
er.
Here is the great issue and the great peril.
We cannot ri.-k the Slate by local and per
sonal feuds. They arc forbidden by every
sentiment! of patriotism and honor. The men
who subject their State to this danger will be
guilty of grave error. Wc can see no motive
that could justify their conduct.
We see it suggested that there may be ex
ceptions—such as where the bolter taking the
field is a good man, better than the nominee;
or where the nomination lias been obtained by
fraud. The suggestion is mischievous. Who
is to judge of these matters? The ambitious
and disappointed aspirants? How many of
them have ever considered themselves fairly
defeated? llow many ever thought the suc
cessful nominees as capable as themselves?
Upon such conditions the {State would be full
of independent candidates.
Such exceptions are fatal to party system.
They cannot be judiciously applied, because
the malcontents tire the judges of their own
cases. They would absolutely relieve all as
pirants from all party obligations. We appeal
to the good sense, the patriotism, and the hon
or of all Virginians every where to discard all
idea of any exceptions to tiro prudent rules
we luvve beeu compelled to adopt to save Vir
ginia. Let no personal ambition, no clique
ism, endanger the State and tempt them into
examples of disorder, defiance, and contempt
for our wise party rules.
Were they so tempted they would ouly en
courage recklessness and produce demoraliza
tion, bad passions and' confusion that would
give to tho evil spirits which besiege our dear
old mother, hopes of a victory that would
plunge us into a world of troubles. Wo have
seen the Southern States where the same bad
spirits have triumphed, overwhelmed by these
troubles.^ We have thus far avoided them.
What a curse, indeed, would it be, should the
detestable personal ambitious iu ottr own
ranks now involve us in a similar fate.—Rich
mond Dispatch.
iiiin«y< »i»irt» ii» in j
Richmond, Va., Oct. 8th, 1871.
Hon. W. W. Arnett
My dear sir:—Your letter of the 18th tilt.,
did not reach me in duo time, and this has
prevented an answer which hut for the delay
alluded to you should have promptly had.
The communication which you muko aston
ishes and shocks mo. It is, indeed, a hiisfor
ttino to the peace of individuals and to the
very well-bciug of society that there should
live any such a wretch ns the creature who
pave origin to the slander of which you com
plain.
The accusation against you, which, it seems,
in some most indikect way am charged
with approving, is, in so far as I am involved,
an open, gross, deliberate and malicious lie.
It surprises and startles mo that my name
should thus bo forged on the bark of such a
slander. Indeed, as your fiirnd ami admirer
I would have defended your reputation from
any such foul charge ns you natuo, had it
ever been made in oiv hearing.
I know of no man in the Legislature who
enjoyed a higher character than von, and none
whose course of conduct was higher above
suspicion; and did not dream that the unsul
lied purity of your reputation had even for a
moment been vexed until 1 received your pain
ful letter of the 18th ult.
Hoping that my reply will reach yon
promptly, r
i am, verv sincere!v, fer,,
JNO. 'll. rOPIIAM.
[COMM U NICATED.]
KniTon C 'I kieu :—Permit me to acknow
ledge through your columns the following
sums paid in to assist in paying for the tin'
form for the "Nelson Hides"—i e \V. W.
WhkneV JI13, P. Stine iklO, W. E. Randolph
§2. d. |'l. Neville $1, ,L H Hibbard §1. A.'
V. Neville §2.50. O. U Thomas $1, T. M,
Eddy §j, E. lltfl]ybowor§6. Rev.'J. R. Jones
§15. Mrs. Carter §5. Dr. C. S. Curler §10,
•I. II. Bartlett $1, Win, B. 11 irns §10, S. .1
0. Moore §5. C. C. Porter §20, I>. II. Me
dium §5, J. T. Griflith §10, P. MeCormick
§5. Samuel McCormick $2,50, A. Monro Jr
§3.,50, II. Dcaltl §1,50, YY. R. (lelvestine §2.
W. T*. NELSON.
[COMMUNICATED.]
The recent distressing calamities that have
befallen Chicago and other portions of the
Ncrthwest, by destruction 1 f properly by lire,
loss of life, vYrc., and calculated to sadden the
fiieuds of ihe unfortunate and the feeling por
tion of the world who sympathise with them,
lias brought to my recollection similar cases
of distress, in which 1 was made to f—1 and
realise the same result, with thousands of oth
ers. and am led to inquire within myself, Why
is it, at d for wli.it purpose did the Great Su
preme Ruler of the Universe sutler such 1111
affliction to coino so suddenly ami heavily
upon us? In the midst of it all I am gratified
and rejoiced to see the magnanimity ol spirit
of Southern cities and people in respond
ing to the necessities of the unfortumt
I am distress'll! that I cannot contribute much,
having within the last ten years lost heavily 1
ami nearly all 1 possessed bv the sad visitation
of lire, l y order of the brave Gen Slurtnan—
my house and its contents, in a far Southern
city,to which the torch wasapplicd—and a poor
man and wife, with a large family of children,
who but a day previous possessed thousands,
were left homeless at: 1 penniless in a few hours,
and many others faring still worse. A num
ber of the most nourishing cities of the now
desolated South, and thousands of once happy
souls in the country, were made niiseiuldc
and terrified by the application of the torch
to dwellings, tieres. barns, *?c., by order 1 f 1
the braves, such as Sherman, Hunter, Sheri- j
dan and others. How many poor, directed; j
heart-broken, homeless widows and orphans'
were thrown out upon a cold and heartlu.-s
world. Great God, can it be that, these pres
ent afflictions upon us are a foretaste of the
retributive visitations of l'rnvidunee God
forbid I would “pray that this sin be m t
laid to their charge.'1 am credibly informed
that wht:: the brave General Sherman laid i
one of the most beautiful ami fairest of the
Southern cities in ashes, Chicago fired 100
guns in celebration of the event. Can this he 1
so. I hope not. Baltimore city was censor-
ed by the noble braves for administering to
the suffering S ruth and prisoners during ami j
since the war, but where is she now? As I
freely and liberally bestowing her charities 1
upon the afflicted Northwest. Her people
are the noblest of earth, ami God will reward
noble Baltimore—too magnanimous to behold
a suffering fellow-creature North, East, South,
or West, and not administer what she is able
and beyond what should be expected. The
Northern cities have done nobly in so promp
tly rend'ring aid to the cities of the North
west. Will not the Government of the great
U. vS. take steps at once to stop the suffering,
the cstorlioii, the inhumane and cruel actions
of men, professing to be loyal for the sake of
gain, upon the poor down-trodden people of
the South, last God may upon his vials ol
wrath, and the North may he m.nln to fuel
what others have felt? IIl'manitv.
Tiik Foukst asu I’ltAiuiK Finns.—Milwau
kee, October 1'J—The I>■ *r County Advocate
contains a full account, of the loss of lift) unci
property in that county hy the great, fires. I' j•
to the night of the Sili the fires h id heen la
ging through the to.vns of Brussels, Huron,
Gardner, Forestviile. Clay hank, N'esotvaupec,
.Sturgeon Buy and tfehustopol, burning feuees
arid Timber, but leaving the Ionises untouched.
At 9 Sunday night a tornado of fire swept
down from the southwest, beginning at the
Belgian settlement in Brussels, sweeping
through the towns of Union and Gardner, the
western part of Sebastopol, and down the east
shore of the bay, consuming every building in
its path.
At Williamson's single mill everything was
burned, and a most awful destruction of hu
man life ensued. Out of eighty persons at the
mill, fifty-seven were burned to death. The
few survivors tell horrible tales of the scenes
at the fire. Forty-live bodies were found in
a potato patch in the centre of the clearing.
Others were found scattered in various places.
Some in wells, in-any were lacerated in a ter
rible manner, and in some cases beyond recog
nition. This wlndo deatruetion was the work
of fifteen minutes, and was effected by the
same tornado that burned Pcshtigo and twelve
hundred human beings. A number of other
losses of life ate reported in other places.
Twenty-two'’were found at Brussel.
There was scarcely a bouse or barn left
standing in tbo line of th" fire. FITorts fur re
lief are not spared bora nor anywhere in the
State, and donrdions from abroad aro corning
in to make comfortable those who survive.
A list of the churches destroyed in the Chi
cago fire as given in the newspapers, shows
he following elassificaiion Baptist 1, Con
gregational 2, Protestant I pisopal t>. Kvaii
gelieal and Lutheran O’, Jewish 2. Methodist
10, Presbyterian 8. Roman Catholic (includ
ing convents) 11, Bwedenborginn 2, Unitarian
1, Univorsalist 1—total 00. There were also
several mission establishments not included in
the above enumeration.
It is said that if .r pulTof air were to bp blown
into a vein of an animal, death would instantan
eously billow, because circulation would he stop
ped. The bleed makes the entire eireuit of the
human body every seven minutes, and whenever
this circulation is impeded or any of its channels
are clogged by impurities which ought to be car
ried oil', disease follows—lever or a disorder of
liver or the kirlueys, or scrofula, or dyspepsia. To
get at and remove the source of the ditiieulty, use
old and infallible blood purifier, i)u. Walker's
California Vinegar Bitieks.
il'. 11J 1 i
TKUST WHAT TIME IIAS SANCTIONED.
The tunxim thiit tlio voice oT the people the
voice of the divinity, may in some cases, bo open
to doubt, hut tiie testimony of honest and enlight
ened witnesses extending through it series of
years, and nil to the same purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of no question Upon such t"sli
niony the reputation of Hostettcr’s Stomach Hit
ters as an antidote and cure for many ailments is
based. During the twenty years that it hns been
before the world, innumerable preparation* in
tended to Compete with it, have gone up like rock
ets, and come down the extinguished sticks.—
Meanwhile the progress of that incomparable ton
ic has been swift and steady—always upward and
onward like the eagle’s (light. Its introduction
produces a revolution in therapeutics, and it
proved to be one of those salutary revolutions
that cannot go backwaids. T.i-day HostiUter’s
Hit cr's U one of the most popular remedies in
chris'smlom, and commands a larger sale than
any other medicinal preparation, domestic or im
ported, on this side of the Atlantic. As a cure
for dyspepsia, billions disorders, nerVous Direc
tions, general debility, ami as a preventive of ep
idemic fevers, it takes precedence of every other
remedy. This fact should teach the ambitious
country dealers who endeavor to foist their local
abortions on the public in its stead, how futile
their small attempts to cajole the community must
mces' irily he. Where the game (i-h have" failed
there is no chance for the “suckers.”
3LAUJJIED.
At the residence of the bride's father near Win
diest r, Va., on Tuesday evening, October, 17• ti,
bv Iter. John I’. Hyde. Mr. (ihttlUJK M. FRYER
to Miss SAUAll (I. RITTER, both ofEred'k Co.
On the isiii inst., at (liuce Church. Ilerrvville,
by the Rev. T. E. Martin, Mr. It. I’. MOROAN,
fS*i"i-iirof Clarke county,) and Miss IDA CROW,
of llerry ville, Ya.
On the Cub inst., by Her. T. Herndon, T1IOS. j
P. H AN ES, of Fauquier county, and Mias MAR-
CARET A. FJ EM IN it, of this ctuntv.
BALTIMORE MARKETS
Howard Street Flour ..ft! (lOaf 50 j
City Mills... 7 .-,()a7 'i:<
Rye Flour. 4 lea.') It.7 i
Corn Meal. goa t Oil
White Wheat, per bushel. I 70.il .Mi
Red do do 1 7 an 1 so
White Corn do o 7iiaO 7;,
Yellow corn do 0 70a0 7 _
Oats do 0 .|s.,o 17
live do 0 o.'iaO 0:!
w w: i»!Hj umv'uu WkarExx#svtrmurwiur*,
NEW ADYKItTiSKMKNTS.
For Kent.
I Imvo for Kent, FOUR PLKVSAXT ROOMS.
suitable for a small family which includes ba»k
building containing two convenient rooms and
private from balance of building. lor which a n n
mumble lent will be required, of a >uit:«!»W* tenant.
Apply to GKOlUfi; C. THOM A^,
Plucni* Carriage Woi ks,
oc 2 0 llerry ville, Va.
LoninusstMH'c’s Office,
Berry ville, October tMith, 1 s7 1. J
[/’IUGIN1A, Clarke county, to wit:
Win. A. Castleman and P. McCormick, trust c
Complainants.
vs.
Henry Kdwtird?, ..Defendant.
IN CMANCEUV,
1U* a decree rendered hi thn cause at th' April
rin, D71. of the County Coni* of Clarke county
irginia, it wk.h “adjudged, ordered and deer *cd
that one of the commissioners in chancery >t this
court do ascertain and report l hr various judgment
liens and other liens, if an v, on the defendant's
real estate, the amounts due thereon, and their
j*vcrH priorities; also the amount of re 1 proper tv,
its quantity. and total and annua! value, b* lung
ing to -tai l defeiidan', amt 1\ iriW’thin this coni
nmnwehlth: «:i\ iui;* notice of tho*inie and pi n1,; of
hi? proceeding to execute this decree, 1 v prMica
tion once a week fur four successive weeks in sprue
newspaper published in Clarke county. In said j
notice he shall call on all persons w ho claim to
have li- ris u si*.id real property to come forward
and prove their claims, and .vrrid notice xVall be
equivalent to p isonal service of notice on the
parties and on ail persons concerned. In *ta<ing
the necount* hen in re quired to h made ho w ill
state, specially, sne.lfmatters as he shall deem n:a
terial or which any of the patties or others inter
ested may require him so to state
Notice is hereby given to all parties interested
in this cause*, that I shall proceed to execute tin*
provisions of the above decree at mv office in Mer
ry ville. Virginia, on Tuesday, the 2Nth day of
Xoven.her, IsTI. at which time and place all per
sons claiming to have liens on the real estate in the
bill will bo required to produce and
prove, before me, their claims*
Given under nr, hard this 25th of October ls71.
i>. iiobvn;^ M.ta iuk,
oct 20 ."it Commissioner ?n Chancerv.
Cutnwissintier'it (b//,vy
P.orryville, Ya., t-ber *J.jth, 1 s7 1 f
"JJ//AGIN/A, Clarke County, to wit;
Jehn JJroinley.. cowpt.
VS.
Samuel llromley .deft. j
i:j m v mt.i; v.
Hy a decree rond-red in this causa at tic Orto-
hri term. In; of the e» unity court c»f’ Clarke muu- j
ty, Virginia, it was “adjnlg- d, order* d and do-
crc« d that this cause he referred to one cf the com-
mL-inners of tilt^ court. vdio shad convene lie
lieu creditors of tin* said Samui l 1’rondcy, ;md j
ascertain and report the liens up««u the n r,l e>vu
of the said Samuel IJroinley, and tleir }u iorities.
stating specially such matters a« he shall d on.
pertinent, or as either party shall require: and it
is ordered that publication may he made in some j
convenient newspaper, tor tour successive weeks, i
requiring the lien croditoi** of said Samu 1 Itrom
h v t<» produce atal prove their claims, w hicii pub
Ii«.-ation shall he equivalent to service of }><•:>'uiai
noti'V upon all the parties: a:.d the said Commis
sioner shall report his proceedings herein uud**r
to the next quarterly trim of this court, in order
to a final *lc. ive.”
The paities interested in the foregoing cause arc
hei eliy notified that l will proceed to execute tills 1
decree at my otliee, in Jteiryvllle, Virginia. on
Monday, the 11h day of December, 1*71. at whi< h
time and place the 11• n creditors of the said Sam-
uel Itrondey arc required to produce and prove
their claims.
(Jiveti under mv hand this 2.7th dav of October j
w»i. _ i>. ooi mi:s m<'(.• t iit k,
net 2*5 ot ^’ominission r. j
Cinifwisaiotier's ({{lice,
liorryvillo, OOul'cr hs7). j
TjflltUIXLl, Clurku coiiiily, io-icit:
Win, Crow’s adm’r., c. t. a.
VS.
John II. Crebbs and Andrew Cornwell
IX ClhWCKUY.
compU.
ilc Its.
Ily a decree render* d in this cause at the 0<Mo-
her term. 1871, of the Countv Court of Clarke
county, Ya., it was “adjudge*!, ordered and dc-
creed that this cause he and the same is hereby re
ferred to one <,f the cotninissioers of this court,
who shall convene by publication the creditors
holding liens upon the real estate of the defendant i
iklin ii Crebbs, and ascertain the amount due to I
them and ouch of them, and their priorities. lie i
shall also ascertain tin* real estate of said John 1!. j
Crebbs, subject to said liens, whether now hold J
by him or his alienee or alienees, its situation, value I
and annual value. Said commissioner shall also j
ascertain whether or not the defendant Andrew!
Cornwell, has paid to -said John H. Crebbs the
whole amount of the pirrclupse money for the tract
of land in the hill mentioned, or if not, how much
of said purchase money remains unpaid, before ex
ecuting this decree, lie may give notice by publi
cation once a week, fur lour successive weeks in
some convenient newspaper, of the time and place
of so doing, which shall he equivalent to personal
service of notice, upon the parlies and each of
them; and In* shall make report of his proceed
ings under the decree to this court at its next cr
some subsequent term, in order to a final decree,
stating specially such matters as he shall deem
pertinent, or either party bhall require him so to
state.”
Notice is hereby given to the parties interested
j in this cause, that I shall proceed to execute the
provision* of thii decree, ut niy olliee, in Iterrv
ville, Virginia, on Friday, the 2lthday of Novem
j her, 1871, at which time and place the lien credi
tors of the said John H. Crebbs, will produce be
fore me, the evidences of their claims.
Civen under my hand, this 27»t 1» dav of Octohe
S71. 1). HOLM KS Mc(J UI It 10,
1871
OCt 20 nt
Commissioner.
T have for sale a FIFTEEN HORSE POWER
STL AM KN (i 1 X K, for Saw ing Timber. It is in
good order. Any one wishing to purchase will
apply to me at Charlestown, W. Ya.
oct id 3t TliOS. \V. DAVIS.
■WJ
mem
8 O’C LOCK.
rtQOlX A MQNTI1.—Hor»o mid cnrrlup
furnished j expense* paid: itituplc*
fret*. H. 1). SHAW, Alfred, Me.’
Hiflofl, Shot-WuriB, Revolvers,
Gun materials of every kind. Write for' Price
List, to Great Western Cluu Work*, Pittsburgh!
I J’h. Ariny mins and revolvers bought or traded
for. A gent* w nnted. *_
V GENTS, LOOK* $’i to $12 dailv easily made,
Profitalde and respectable busince*. A little
novelty wanted by everybody. Surcu* «»irc. Hetiil
Htiimg for oirtilars to Churchill At Templeton, Man*
ufaeturs, 013 liroadway, N, V.
ASK YOU It GROCER FOR
Crtimbs of (Comfort
ISSamiif.s ernt (po«(aijp paid) for Fifly Cent*, that
__ MLaileusilv fur T«n DcIUrs. It. I,. Wolcott. N.Y#
FREE 3 MONTHS ON TRIAL.
A first class largo quarto Journal, til column*,
Illustrated. Or one year for Uf) cents, with two
bound lectures, by Janies McCosh, 0. 0., b. L.
and 10. O. Haven, 0. 0., b. I/. 0., as premiums.
Send name and address to PEOPLE'S JOUHNAI*,
Philadelphia, Pa.
S 1,000.00 s
Made in (J Months by one
nt, canvassing for
rillOGlOIDi:!’() A It D.”
Hy Or. W. W. Hall. Ayen'i Wonted II. X. Mo
K1NSI0V A CO.. 1*1 North 7lh St., I'bila., Pa.
1)S YC HO LOG IC Case i nation or Soul Chi; niiug,
40') pag-s by Herbert Hamilton, 1L A. ilojr
to use this power (’which all possess) at will. Di
vination, SpL Dualism, Sorceries, Detnologv, and
and a thousand other wondei s. Pt ice hv mail 1.25
in Cloth; paper covers $1.00, Copy free to a yen'*
imfif, $1-000 monthly easily made. Address T. \V,
EVANS, Pub. 41 S’* Nth Street Phila., Ph.
Lane,
ton*:at niANn: rou akekt\
Do you want n situation as agent, Int-ttl t'r
frar'liuy with chance to make $3 to $20 per
lay selling our new 7 strand White IPirtf
•'U.the* Line*? I’h>y fn^t forever: sample freo
o th.aa* is no li.-lc. Address at ».nee He (bon
11 ire llo;/*. e<*r. Water St. and Maiden
N. Y. or Hi Dearborn St., Chicago.
Rellevi'd an.I Cure-t )>f Pr. Stic**tnati'f Patent Appliance and
Compound. Oftiee, (V*7 R roadway. N. Y. tf-ui liw. f..r l ook
vn.li t>!»utosrnp'iio llkfiicoo^ of i :vs*-s bo fore and after euro wlili
l!ie llenrjr War>l hcecher c.i.e, lei ter« an-l portrait Re ware of
Iravtlin''imp-stera, wbo prelemi to havo boca tcilUuUulUr.
WetKMAN. li.- bia ue Agents.
It huH t tlvltfMte mid rrlrc^UIng
CQV ft '^^^IVaicrutuH* of ce.iulue Furlnfi
■^irA Wiitor. unit it
_e7'c> \lin!i«pciiiiuble to
every Lmp of ten
tl- iium. Sold r>7 l>ingirl-(
U«<i In ulern in !’Mk|'M| |U{>
li'U EA I.
soA'^eto
Vf
COMPOSITION STONE,
Fmi- linise li ..uls. I'oi-lii. l’i.-rS <'ul verts, Walls,
i■ nnIh11:s. anil all In ildiiijr ]>111-; ImiiW,
nmn. ilitniM.. mill r humirut per -refit. (1:?al.. r
tli,in ii.iiiu.il si..lit1.
I STA I’K AN!) cni NI V KKillTS
t man.if.toinrc. apj.lv t’> I’n is. W. Daki.inu, S. c’v
X. I UKAK STn.Ni; CO., l,r.N Hn.mlaav, N. T.
Bmuii-uuu
’i BLACK TFA
'1^ fb.* Cm... T< n 'ir
Wmianted to suit all
lor stile terry n If rt in o r
“Inr/c-marl/’ y»omul nu<i ho f
'.(11,(1 joninyrs »,sj y. And fi-r
JS'iISM:;
sa! w w-desdie <0.1 b\ the Great Atlantic «N I’aeitic
’feii Co., h/’hureh St.. New York. P. O. Ho\ fifiUt?/
»Nf‘ltd for 'J’.'n u- X( r'nr Circular,,
A G L N C.S WANTED. iVund rr.nvasying Hook.
SENT FREE I
of postage* on receipt of 7.7 cents, an exclusive ter
ritory granted on t!». PlCTOU I A L
ilOAir: oiELE.
..iitnins over Ilnslrati"iis. Is :i t- .;np|, i,. f,|.
I'larv Ilf 11 i I il i I'ii 1 UiKi.vli-.i^i'. Uxci Is ail i.llf e.
In i’.Ntisii ami (I i.t; M iS. nil f..r rin.u1,1i>.
WM. 1 LIN f .1 CO., I'ltila-, fa.
I* O I* S'•: A
THE FOE OF THE CHUUCII
AND DEI U15LIC.
hat ?t hn* d* tic. lott if is <l*»‘ng jynd what it.
means to do. Its power, <1- sj.otrsm, infallibility,
fraud*, relict’*, miraele*. idolatry, jiei .'■eeutions,
startling dimes, ai d New ouk Uiors, StTci for
circular. Address l’id» DLL’S I'CJtMSIUVG
CO., hi S, Sirth St., Chib... Ha.
WELLS* CAHB!)L!(' TABLETS,
FOR COCCUS, (.’Oi lIS a 11oA kslnkss.
Ihi so Vul>!' t. nre-eut t .c Act! in Cntnbinuth.T?
with other etlo vnt t nccdies, in a p .j.oiar form
I’M' til Cure „f T H ICO A I' a:..I 1,1'Mi 11 Ruses.
IIOARSKN K.-S and F UT.RAT I O N „r tin- I'ni.i
ai e,Latin dia'cly nliei and .-tat in. in.-* arc con
stantly boipg the t-pei t r nf rcMl'in cases
nf Tl.r. at di.iii 'ulties nf vein a si-nding
A I I 111N (inn t it1 d reived i> v oi tld' ss i m i I a
tij'ii-. nidy Will Catholic Tablets. I’tite
2a Cts., per |v. S, nd i o t'n alar.
JOHN IJ. Ivl'.f.LOCC Is C-; n y
SoluAg. 1 V
REDUCTION OP PEREC.
TO CO.NF'»UM TO
i: i:i 11 v; o ,v nr nr tiff.
Great Saving To Constmim
nv c ktti no ciwi.crs.
’SiRp'-nd for our New Price l.i.-t at t’ a ClttK
foi l.: n il! a -con,pany it. containing f„h direct iuinf
unking a larnc sm ing t- consumers titid remit
it n ative to rlali orgMiii-.t.'rs.
tuk cklat amkuioax TKA CO.,
P- O. llox ..lil.i, ill A 3d osey Street, New dork.
IL L US Tit A Tilly
By Win. SMITH, LL.D.
AUTHOR OK SMITH S LlIRLK DICTIONARY.
It emitains 2R! fine Scripture Illustrations anti
over lion pares, and is the most comprehensive
and valuable History of the ISihle ever published.
'11.e labor aiul learning of centuries are gather-il
ill this Olio Volume, to it trow a strong clear li !if
upon every pa^e of tin* inspired Word.
AGLN IS WANTKl).—S< nd for Circulars and
sou our terms, and a lull de.'Crijdion of the work.
Address NATION AL l’UH., CO. I*Vila Pa.; At
Iwufa, Ua., Cincinnati, O.. or St. Louis, Mo.
j u a u b i: B A
It is NOT A PHYSIC—It is NOT what is pop.
ttlarly ralletl a RIITLRS, nor is it i I. t e tided as
siic'li. IT IS A SOUTH AM KitIH AN plant'that
ha- bee-t used for many years by the medical fac
ility ofThoso countries with wonderful ellieaev as
a POWKRKUI, A RTF RATTY!-: and UNKyUAL
I'. It I LKlllLR 01' Till: 1:1,000 and is a, sure
and perlett remedy for all diseases of the
MYKit AND SIT.FFN, KNLARCKMKXT Oil
ORSTRCt:T10N OP INTTCH'l'‘ N F.S, CHINAH Y
L’TKRINK. «Ht A ROOM IN AH ORUANS,
POVKItTY OR A WANT OF III.COO, IN
TKRM1TTKNT OR RKMITTKNT FK
VKKS,INFLAMMATION OFTIIK MV
Kit. 0ROI’SY, SI,COC ISII CIRCU
LATION OF Til K H 1,000, A1!S
OKSSKS.TU M0KS..I A U NIHCB,
SCROFULA, 0 YSI’KPSI A
acci: an:v FKVKlt OR
Til Kill CONCOMITANTS
Ur. Weirs Extract of JuriiWlin,
is offered to the public as a great invigorator and
remedy for all impniitics of the blood, or for or
ganic weakness wilh their attendant evils. For
the foregoing complaint*
.iiii4irm:ijA,
is conlidnntly recoimnemled to every familv as a
household remedy, and should ho freely talten in
all derangements of the system, it gives health,
vigor and tone to all the vital forces, and nni.
mates and lot lilies all weak and lymphatic tem
peraments.
JOHN Q. KKLLOOG, Platt St., New York.
Sole Agent for the United States.
Price One Dollar per bottle. Send for Circular;