THE HERALD.
Ulwankee Prairie du Chien IL K.
CAR TIME AT BOSCOBEL.
ixpreM, going out a 9 11 1
Night express, east,
Aeeummod'n, oust .11:50
Express, going west
Night sxprese, west
A.-outtiodn west 4:06 F. M.
«-Thss:<.7 A. M. train only connect*
tor points in Minnesota and lowa The 9;18 A. M
train connects nt .Milton Junction a nd Milwaukee for
point’ East.
F. B. BURDICK,
Agent at Boscobel.
Mineral Point Railroad.
CARTIME AT PLATTEVILLE.
I'I.ATTKVILLE—Trains leave at 9 AM
arrive at 4:10 P. M.
BELMONT Trains leave at 9:30 A. M.
.arrive at 3:40 P.M.
Trnina run daily except on Sunday. Passenger*
leaving Platteville al V A. M., arrive in Chicago at
7 I*. M Paxson '*rs leaving Chicago on the morning
train come dire Uy through and arrive at Platteville
at 4:10 p.M. GMO W. COBB, Sup t
I a >cal Matters:
Mrs. Sophia Hrant, of Pittsburg,
is (lend. Keioaene.
—We notice un abundance ofClirint
ma-t toys at the book store.
Mihh Titus lectnroH again at die
M. E. Church next Sunday evening
Sererul carcasses of Crawford
county venison were brought to
town to-day.
--Next Saturday Hazel Green
holds an election the object of which
is ths raising of a railway tax.
—That “cokl snap” has formed the
ntoek'in-trade for a dozen days or
tin it- of nearly every local writer in
the Northwest.
—That ‘Little Cottage” ao long
on exibition in the P. O now belongs
to ihe erson holding number 30. The
drawing took place last night.
Freddie Burr lost his little leath
er mitten in the street a few days
ago. Ho has ten cents for the boy
who will return it tohitn.
—Sunshine and south-winds have
pretty thoroughly spoiled the sleigh
ing. and once more the jing ing of
helis is usurped by the rumbling of
wheels.
The Cassville School, we ar
pleased to learn, has Ex-Superintend
eni Hubbard at its head. Prof. S.
Mufiley and Miss Grattan arc the sub
ordinates.
—Those vases, figures, ard other
matters of beauty and utility, just re
ceived at Baxter Kinney’s, make
most excellent t'hristmas and New
Year’s gifts.
Mr. Geo. Sprague, the efficient
warden of our town finances, began
afresh bis tax collecting labor yester
day morning. Tax payers will find
him in Ryland Hollowcy’s banking
house.
—The Winm says that on Sunday
morning, Dec. 3, the liev. J. E. Pond
commemorated the 10th anniversary
of his Pastorate over the Congrega
tional church of Platteville by an ap
preprint© historical discourse.
—This evening fine flakes of snow,
driven slantwise by a steady Sou’-
wester, thicken the air, promising an
abundance of sleighing material and
fulfilling Fred's “weather prognos
tix," made only twenty-four hours
ago.
Parties wishing to subset ibe for
any of Harper’s publications, for the
Chicago Tribune, Chicago Journal,
the Toledo Rlade, New York Ledger,
etc., should <lo so through the medi
um of postmaster Chescbro, and by
so doing save money and avoid risks.
—Mr. Samuel Cook, who was in
the lumber trade at Dunleith a num
ber of years, and quite well known to
many people in this county, died of
brain fever at Clinton, lowa, not ma
ny days ago. Exposure to cold is
said to have brought on his early and
lamented dissolution. Mr. C. was a
mason of high standing in the order.
An invaluable public servant is a
good postmaster. In this respect
our town is singularly fortunate.—
Mr. Chescbro is in truth, one of the
most trusted and obliging of the let
ter-handling brotherhood. Keeping
open the P. O. one hour every Sun
il ty lor the accommodation of the
country people, is something which
every postmaster is not in the habit
of doing
A personal encounter at Mont
fort some days ago, between a man
named Palmer and another of the
name of Clark, resulted in a broken
hg on the part of Mr. P, The quar
rel was an old one about some mines,
but the immediate cause of the dis
'ruceful affray, it is said, was an ex
cess of peiilous whiskey. Mr. Pal
uni is a poor laboring man with a
large family,who, for a time at least,
will be obliged to eat the bread of
charity.
--ho work of removing from
around the court bouae those great
io; warkrt of fuel goes steadily on.—
It is positively dangerous to have the
wood Jpile too near the house and
if the people know what is good for
themselves they will speedily see to it
that their personal supplies of sawed
siid-split are removed a matter, of—
well —say about a hundred yards
from the kitchen door Nothing bet
ter for the system than currying
wood from the farthest corner ot your
premises in cold and stormy weather,

Sociable*.—The sociable lust
Thursday evening, at the house oi
Mrs. Sherman, was pronounced a
most happy entertainment by those
who composed the gathering. Next
Thursday evening there is to be
a oother at the house of Mrs. Clise,
which the young people all are cor
dially invite Ito attend. Remember
the object,—aid for tho Lancaster
Episcopal church.

Village Ordinancb.—Wo call the
especial attention of our readers to
the provisions under the above head
published iu tho Herald to-day. A
careful reading of the ordinance will
set people right concerning its re
quirements and enable them to avoid
vexations, trouble* and undesirable
publicity.
Milwaukee SixTrwtL—We have
"ii divers occasions been prompted to
**y a good word for this paper. It
is altogether too well known to need
recommending, and now we’ll merely
venture to hint that it will be to the
interest of yourself and family to read
the prospectus and then subscribe at
once.

Dances.—There will be a ball at
the Locust House, British Hollow ,on
Monday evening, January 1 72.
And Mr. James A. Faris, of the
American House, Woodman, announ
ces a Christmas ball," to be held
londay evening, Dec. 25.
Californit and Wisconsin Minos.
While at R etown n few days since,
wo wore given the privilege of ex
ploring one rhalts of the “Cali
fornia and Wisconsin mines"—a rich
lead of mineral recently struck by
Schamerhorn Shipley about a
half-mile west of the village. The
diggings are located on lands owned
by Jerry Garner, on what is known
as the“north Nickofine range.” These
lands have been worked over for the
last 30 years, and some heavy' bodies
of mineral raised, of surface deposits,
and lodes at a depth of from thirty
to forty feet. Mr. Schamerhorn, sat
isfied that heavy mineral lay under
the hard rock,has devoted a summer’s
labor to blasting through about 40
feet of solid rock below the upper
opening, and found the shining ore
in large quantities. lIJ has sunk
threat differen’shafls upon the same
opening, and one of them ho has
carried some 20 feet deeper and dis
covered still an under opening of
mineral. The west shaft, which we
descended, is sunk to the depth of
about 70 feet, into a cave opening.
The cave is about 40 feet long, 10 feet
high, and in width varies from 12 to
18 feet. The cave walls are lined
with lead ore, as well as the bottom
of the mines. By the aid of a candle
we could see that this cave was con
nected with other caverns, also lined
with great cube blocks of ore. The
mines are being developed as fast as
idimting through the hard rock per
mits, which is of course very slowly.
But enough is known of the richness
of the discovery to safely estimate
that it will prove one of the largest
ever known in this region of the
mines.
e
MT Buy your fancy candies for
Christmas uses at L. 11. Smith’s.
Hon. Georoe C. Hazelton.—
Amongst those who have done good
service for the Republican party in
this State during the campaign, we
cannot refrain from mentioning Hon.
George C. Hazelton, the eloquent and
talented Senator of Grant county.—
He is one of the best speakers in the
West,and we trust the time is not far
distant when his voice will be heard
in the Congressional hall— Chippewa
Herald.
There are but few men in Wiscon
sin who are better entitled to the
meed “well done,” that George C.
Hazelton. We like the stylo and
make up of such men. He is a work
er he is not effected with that sick
ly, egotistical dry rot that requires a
constant fume of praise in order to
get anything out of him. As a Re
publican he pitches and bores with
the biggest auger he can find, and
that too from a sheer love of the
work. He is bound to make his
mark, and snarlers might as well get
out of the way.— Jefferson County Un
ion.
Till New Year’s Only !We cull
especial attention to our proposition
to advance paying subscribers. The
Peoples’ Journal will bb sent free to
all new subscribers who pay for the
Herald one year in advance, and to
all present subscribers who pay a
year in advance. Either paper is
worth the subscription price, $2 00,
which is our charge invariably for
the Herald alone. Wo hope to be
able to send copies of the Peoples'
Journal to every post office in the
county by the last of this week, for
examination
Teacher Wanted —Dist. No. 1
town of Beetown, wants a teacher,
and will pay fair wages to one who
has bad experience in the work. Ad
dress F. R Millard, Dist Clerk, Bee
town Wis. 28 w 3
The Blind.—There were in this
institution duiing the past year six
ty-eight pupils. These have been in
structed in literature, music, and va
rious brunches of industry. A broom
shop is conducted by the institution,
from which there has been realized
during the past year, $167.49. The
totul receipts, including appropria
tions from the state, were $35,228
59 for the year expenditures, $28,-
861.16.- that is, about $440 for each
pupil.

Hay* The Taxes in Madison this
year are higher than ever before, be
ing a trifle over three per cent. In
Oshkosh they will be about two and
a-half-per cent.
tci. lt is reported that Senator
Sumner will notuccept the caucus
assignment to the Chairmanship of
the Committee on Elections.
BAXTER KINNEY,
LAM 18TKR, WIS.
To tho People:— Before you
buy your supplies, go to Baxter
Kinney’s and see their Big Stock of
New Winter Goods, bought last
week in Chicago for cash. A full
lino of beautiful Dress Goods, La
dies and Gent’s Fino Buck and Kid
Mittensand Gloves Hoods, Nu
bias, Scarfs and Shawls in all the
latest styles and designs. Men and
Boy’s Overcoats and Caps, new
and cheap Boots, Shoes and Rub
bers also lined over shoes and boots
—a very desirable article. Ladies
and Gent’s Underwear— beautiful
and cheap. Clothe, Flannels, Lins-ys,
Germantown and Fancy Wool and
Yarns at very low prices- A large
stock of Christmas and New
Years Goods suitable for presents
tor old and young. Come and see.
261 f Baxter Kinney.
BURLINGTON.
Lexving the East and arriving at Chicago
or Indianapolis, how shall we reach the West
The best line is acknowledged to be the C.B.
joined together with th-' B. M. Rail
way by the Iron Bridge at Burlington, and
called the Burlington Route.
The main line of the Route running to Oma
ha, connects with the great Paciftic Roads, and
forms to-day the leading route to California.
The Middle Branch, entering Nebraska at
Plattsmouth, passes through Lincoln, the State
Capital, and will this year be finished to Fort
Kearney, forming the shortest distance across
the Continent by over 100 miles.
Another branch of the B. A M., diverging a
tied Oak. falls into a line running down the
Missouri through St. Joe to Kansas City, and
all Kansas. Passengers by this route to Kan
sas, see Illinois, Southern lowa, and Missoui,
and, and by a slight divergence, can see Ne
braska also.
Lovers of fine views should remember th
Burlington Route, for its towns -‘high-gleam
iug from afar.”—its tree-fringed streams —it
rough bluffs and quarries—its corn-ocean
stretching over prairies farther than the eye
can reach.
Land-buyers will be sure to remember it,
for they have friends among the two thousand
who have already bought farms from Geo. S.
Harris, the Land Commissioner of the B. fir
M. R. R. at Burlington. lowa, or among the
four thousand Jhome.tieaders and pre-emptors
who last year filed claims in the Lincoln land
office, where -‘Uncle Sam is rich enough to
give us all a farm.”
Important Announcement-
'Lo /ny Customers and the Public in
general:
On and after December 1, ’7l, prices
on all goods sold by me will be re
duced to the lowest Cash Basis. This
will enable me to offer great bargains
in ready-made clothing, dress-goods,
silks, poplins, etc., —white goods,
shawls, laces, and, in fact, all articles
usually found in a firstclass drygoods
establishment.
Having determined to do business
on a strictly cash principle on and
after Januury Ist, 1872, it is hereby
announced that no more credit «ill
be given at my store from that time
forward. Farm produce of every
kind taken in exchange for goobs.
Bring your pork, grain, butter
ate., and 1 will allow you therefor
the highest rates this market affords,
giving in payment goods at the low
est cash figures.
All persons knowing themselves
indebted to mo are respectfully in
formed that they must settle all due*
between this date and the first day
of January next.
Hoping that my new business de
parture will meet with general ap
proval, and confident that the cash
system will prove a blessing to cus
tomers as well as merchant, 1 hereby
return thanks for the flattering pat
ronage of the past, and respectfully
solicit a continuation of the same
under the new regime.
Anton Schmitt.
Lancaster, Nov. 28,1871. 26w4
Dental Notice.—Drs. Newell
Averill, dentists, will be in their Lan
caster office from the 15th inst. until
the Ist of Janu .’y. One of the
doctors will visit Bloomington on tho
20th of December, and remain three
or four days only.
Special.—Drs. Newell Averill
in their Mineral Point office
from the Ist to the fifteenth of each
month, and in their Lancaster office
from the fifteenth to tho last of each
month. This is their permanent ar
rangement for this winter, unless
otherwise noticed in this paper.
Patients residing at a distance from
either office will please inform by
letter a few days in advance, w I
CHICAGOMAR.KET.
Chicago, Monday, December 11.
Wheat, 1.20 ca-sh, 1.22 Miler January. Corn, 42.
Oats 32%. Live Hogs, 4.00(44.10. Dressed 4 76.
MILWAUKEE MARKET.
Milwavkex, Monday, December 11.
Wheat, 1-23 for No. 1, to 1,15 z for No. 3„ seller Jan
uary 1.22*4, Oats, 33%, Corn, 42%. Live Ilogs, 3.-
90(44,05. Dressed, 4 75. Cattle, 3.75@4.60 for good
to prime.
BOSCOBEL MARKET.
COKXXCTXD XVKRT TUESDAY MOttSIMO BY PAKKKB, Blt-
DEBKAMD CO.
Boscobel, Tuesday, December 12.
Wheat, H bushel 1 00(41 04
Flour, 78 cwt 3 20
Corn, 78 bushel 32
Oats, jt bushel 26
Barley 78 bushel, 40(445
Rye, 78 bushel 45(450
Beans, 78 bu»h 75(41 25
Butter, Packing, 78 lt> 15
Butter, Fresh Roll, !b IS
Lard, tb b
Egga.ydox IS
Wool, Fleece, lb 50
Wool, Tub Washed jt fti 60
Beef Cattle, cwt 1 75(42 75
Pork, Live, cwt 3 00(43 25
Pork, Dressed, cwt 3 756 410
Chickens, 78 tb. 8
Turkeys, lb 10
Geese,.7B 6
Ducks,* 78 lb rt
Hides, green, 78 1b........ S
Hides, dry, 7a tb 18
Balt, V bbl 3 25
PLATTEVILLE CASH MARKET
CORRECT Ab LVEBY TVXsBAY BY M. 8. YROWBBIDOB.
PtATTXVit.LX, Tuesday December 12.
Wheat, per bush 90@l 00
Flour, per cwt 3 20
Corn, per bush ;jo
Oats, per tush 23
Eggs, per doz 20
Fresh Butter, f* 15(4 20
Lard, per fr 7
Salt, per bbl 3
Beef, per cwt 2 00(42 50
Pork, live, per cwt 3 25«r:3 40
Pork dressed, per cwt 4 20« i 4 50
Hides, green, per lb 7(4 8
Hides, dry, per lb 12» 15
Pelts, per tb 25(41 50
Turkeys, live, per th 7
Geese, live, apiece 50(4 60
Ducks, do do 15(«' 20
POTOSI MARKET.
CoBkXCTLD XVLRY TUMDAY MoKXIXO BY H. W. WKIOHT.
PoYost, Tuesday, December 12.
Wheat, per bush 1 00(41 05
Flour, per cwt 2 90(43 00
Corn, per bush 3<S4 35
Osts, per bush 25
Fresh butter, per tb 16(4 20
Lard, per lb 7(q> fl
Eggs, per dor.} 17(4 20
Salt, per bbl 3 50
Beef, 78 cwt 3 50@4 50
Dressed Pork, per cwt 3 50(44 00
Dies«ed Chickens, per lb 50 7
Dressed Turkeys, per lb 7@ 9
MARRIED:
In Wingville, December 6th. by Thomas Laird, Esq-
Mr. Wilber Mansell and Miss Mary E. Pettis.
In Glen Haven, December 6th. by Wm. Tate, Esq.,
Mr. John J. Graves, of Carrol City, lowa, and Miss
Melvina Ramsey, of Glsn Haven.
In Binsinawn Mound, November 28, by Rev. James
Kiusella, Mr Janies Kinsella and Miss Catherine Mur
ray.
In Patch Grove, November 15. by Rev. J. D. Broth
ers. Mr George W. Clark aud Miss Martha A. Elder
both of Wyalusing.
In Bloomington, December 7th, by Rev. J. D. Broth*
ere, Mr. Cyrus A Alexander, t.f Patch Grove, and Miss
Louisa A. Brown, of Bloomington.
DIED:
In Bloomington, November 15th, 1871, of consump
tion, Mr*. Lizzie I. Wsters, aged 36 year*, 9 mouth*
and 1 day.
Sister Walere was born in Woodetock, Vt. She was
converted to Ood under tho labors ot Brother Crane
in Hartford, Conn., from which place ehe removed
with her husband to Bloomington, Grant county. Wig.
The Character of sister Waters exemplary. The
deceased was a member of the Baptist Church for ten
years
She leaves a dear hiisland to tnonrn o’er his logs,
Yet he finds consolation at the foot of tho cross
All tho friends that are left may by sorrow be driven
To spply to that dear one, the blessed Jesus, in heaven.
W. M.
In Goorgetow Wls.. November 3d, 1871, Bell, wife
ot Dr. B. G. Forbush.
Life has it* melancholy duties, and this ia one to re
cord the death of Mr*. F. Our acquaintance with her
ha* been comparatively brief, though fraternal an
pleasant; yet her character requires from n* a tribute
which we cannot refrain to give. The amiable blend
ing ol dignity and sweetness in her manner, fixed an
impression upon our mind which no subsequent event
has in the least disturbed. She had alwavs an eye to
the happ'nes* of others, and her delicate regard for all
the courtesies of social intercourse, gave a tine ex
pression of true Christian feeling.
The passing away of such a woman i* a great loai to
any neighborhood. Void* are felt where the value of
her presence was hardly realized, and the sum of her
kindty influence is far better appreciated. But it is to
her home that the pilgrim feet ot onr thought* turn
ns most sadly. A home bereft of such a wife is changed
indeed! Everything is eloquent of the precision of
her industry and love, and her name written ia living
light on every wall could not half so well recall her
as the mute memorials fashioned by her own band and
taste Amid these are precious symlols that speak
of hrr reverent!*; trust in God as a father and uni
versal man a* a brother. Those to whom she minis
tered in Christian fidelity will seek the source of that
faithfulnes* and find eonsolation for their sorrow, for
till now they have not known with bow large a part
of their existence she was entwined. And the more
they will do so revereutiy, the more they will feel thrt
immortality alone can vindicate the ways of God to
man. They will then look forward all the more hope
fully to that home of universal man where tba inter
rupted songs of this life shall be completed, where life
will be a glad reality aud all heart* tall of joy.
Com.
In Georgetown. December 3d. 1871. Libbie Jane,
daughter of William and Mary Dent, aged one year
and six mouth*.
‘•Onr Libbie'* gone, *he ceuld stay.
The Lord ha* taken her away
She gone to be forever ble»t.
The Lord na* called her home to rest.
In Lanca*ter. November 30th. 1871, of diptheri* and
*carlot lever, Ralph Allan, infant ton of Richard and
M.rtha Meyer, aged 1 year, month, and 21 day*.
In Lancaster. December 10th, tri, Sophia Chandler
Taylor, wlf* of Leonard Taylor, aged 44 year*.
In Lancaster, December 4tb. I*ll, Charlea, aofi of
Rn bard and R*eb*l Brooker, »g-d 6 yea
ORDINANCE
AN ORDINANCE to restrain Horses, Mules,
Caltle, Sheep, and Swine from running at
large within the corporate limits of the Vil
lage of Lancaster, within certain periods of
time, and to provide for the distraining and
sale thereof.
The President and Trustees of the Village
of Lancaster do ordain as follows
Section I. It shall be and hereby is made
unlawful for horses, mules, sheep, and swine
to ilepasture and run at large within the cor
porate limits of the Village of Lancaster, at
any amt all hours of the day and night time
and at all seasons of the year.
It is also hereby made unlawful, and it shall
be unlawful for cattle to depasture and run at
large within the corporate limits of the Vil
lage of Lancaster, at any and all hours of the
day or night time, between the 15th day of
November and the Ist day of April following
thereafter and it shall be and is also hereby
made unlawful for cattle to depasture and run
at large within the corporate limits of the Vil
lage ofLancaster,at any and all other times and
seasons between the hours of nine (9) o’clock
in the evening and four (4) o’clock in the
morning of each and every day.
And each and every animal of the horse,
mule, cattle, sheep or swine kind found so go
ing at large, in violation of the prov.sions of
this Ordinance, shall be taken up, distrained,
and confined as hereinafter provided and a
fine of T -vo dollars upon each and every ani
mal of :t.e horse, mule, 01 cattle kind, and a
fine of One dollar upon each end every animal
of the swine kind, and a fine of Twenty-five
cents upon each and every animal of the sheep
kind, besides the costs and charges hereinaf
ter stated, is and are hereby imposed for every
such animal found so going at large, contrary
to, and in violation of, the provisions of this
Ordinance, one-half of which fine or fines,
when collected, shall be paiii into the Village
Treasury, and the other half shall be paid to
the officer, or other person, making such dis
tress and enforcing the same as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. It is hereby made the especial du
ty of the Village Marshal, and any other Cor
poration Officer is hereby authorized, to take
up, distrain, confine, and safely keep in the
Village Pound,or any other secure place within
said village, each and every animal found run
ning at large in violation of the provisions of
this Ordinance, and within twenty-four (24)
hours after such taking up and distress, unless
the same shall be made between the hour of
9 o’clock in the evening of Saturday, and 4
o’clock in the mottling of Sunday, in which
case, on or before six o’clock in the after
noon of the Monday following, the said Mar
shal, or other officer making such distress,
shall cause written notice,specifying the time
when and the place where such beast or beasts
was or were .taken up and distrained, and a
description of the same, and the number of
such beasts,and the amount of fine or fines im
posed by Ordinance thereon and the expense
of keeping such beasts, and the cost of mak
ing such distres», and all other costs and
be given to the owner or owners,
provided such owner or owners are to him
known and residents of said village.
Sec. 3. Unless each and every beast so tak
en up and so distrained, shall be seized in an
action or discharge according to law, wi'hin
Six days after such distress, the Marshal, or
other officer, as the case may be, shall sell
such beast at public vendue, giving two days
notice—written or printed—by advertisement
to be fixed un at three public places in said
village, which advertisement shall contain a
description of the beast or beasts to be sol-’,
and the time when taken up and distrained, the
day, hour, and place of sale, the owner there
of, if known, and the amount of fine or fines
imposed thereon, together with costs of dis
tress, expense of keeping and feeding and
costs of sale; which fine or fines and other
costs and charges may be aggregated and
stated in said advestisetnent in one collective
amount as near as may be.
Said Marshal, or other officer making any
distress, as herein provided, shall, so long as
any beast, or beasts, are under distress, fur
nish them with sufficient food and water and
take good care of such animals, and shall be
paid therefor as part of fees and costs in
such cases. The Marshal, or other person
making such distress and sale, is hereby pro
hibited from becoming purchasers at such
sale, either directly or indirectly, and such
beasts shall be sold to the highest and best
bidder for cash in hand.
Sec. 4. From the proceeds of such sale,
the Marshal, cr other person or officer mak
ing the same, shall retain sufficient to pay
the amount of his fees ard the costs of keep
ing such beasts and the charges of sale,
together with the amount of fine or fineo
imposed by the provisions of this ordinance:
and if there be any surplus, the same shall
be paid to the owner, or owners thereof if
known. If the owner or owners of the beast
or beasts sold are unknown at the time of
sale, then the Marshall or other officer mak
ing sale, shall forthwith pay such surplus,
together with one-half of the fine or fines
imposed upon such beasts, to the village
Treasurer and take his receipt therefor and
file the same with the village Clerk. At
any time within one year from the date of
such sale, on proper proof of ownership, the
village Taeasurer shall pay to the owner of
any beast or beasts sold, the surplus on such
sale, if any. After one year from the date
of the sale of any beast or beasts under this
ordinance, such surplus, if any, in all cases,
shall become forfeited to the use of said
village as general funds.
In all cases the Marshal, or other officer
making sale of any beast or beasts by virtue
hereof, on receiving or collecting any fine or
fines by virtue hereof. shall
forthwith after the receipt of
any fine or fines, pay the one-half thereof of
any fine or fines into the village treasury,
taking the receipt of the Treasurer therefor
and filing the same immediately thereafter
with the village Clerk.
Sec. 5. It is hereby made unlawful, for
any person or persons, whether owners or
otherwise, to take away or remove, in any
manner, or by any means, with or without
force, any beast or beasts taken up and dis
trained by virtue of this ordinance, so long
as the same arc held and detained by the
Marshal, or other officer making anj- distress,
without first paying to the Marshal, or officer
taking up and distraining any beast or beasts,
the fine or fines imposed by the provisions of
this ordinance and ali other lawful charges
and expenses; and each and every person
w ho shall do to the contrary, shall be punished
by fine in the sum of not’ less than ten nor
more than fifty dollars for each anVl every
offence, to be recovered as hereinafter provid
ed, together with costs of prosecution.
Sec. 6. Whenever any beast or beasts,
distrained under this ordinance, or under any
other ordinance of said village, authorizing
the taking up and distraining of norses, mules,
cattle, sheep or swine, or any other animals,
shall be placen and confine! in any pound,
stable, lot, yard, enclosure or in any other
place by whatsoever name known, it shall be
unlawful for any person or persons, in any
manner whatsoever, with or without force,
to remove or liberate any such beast or beasts,
animal or animals, without first paying the
fine or fines imposed by the provisions of
this ordinance, or the ordinance under which
said distress is made, together with all other
lawful charges, and each and every person
who shall do to the contrary and violate this
ordinance, or such other ordinance, stall, on
conviction, be punished by a fine of not less
than ten nor more than fifty dollars
for each k and every offence, to be recov
ered as hereinafter provided, together with the
costs of prosecution.
Sec. 7. Every person who sha'l in any
manner, and at any time and place, break, or
in any manner injure any pound, fence, build
ing, gate, lock, yard or other enclosure or
premises wherein any distrained animals may
be kept or placed by the Marshal of said
village, or other officer thereof, making any
distress and every person who shall enter
any pound, building, yard, lot or other enclo
sure, without breaking and with or without
force,Jand liberal* anlie nove or in any mam er
cause to be liberated and removed any dis
trained animal or animals confined or placed
therein, by virtue of the provisions of this
ordinance or any other ordinance of said vil
lage, shall be punished by a fine of not less
than ten nor more than fifty dollars
for each and every offence, together with the
costs of prosecution.
Sec. 8. In default of the payment of any
judgment rendered for the violation or r.on
observance oi this ordina.-ce, or of any of the
provisions therein contained, the offender, or
offenders, as the case may be, shall be impris
oned according to law, in the county jail of
Grant county, for theterm of not less than ten
days nor more than thirty days, at the
direction of the court.
Sec. 9. All ordinances heretofore adopted
by the President and trustees of the village of
Lancaster and now in force, so far as the
same conflict with the provisions of this ordi
nance. are hereby repealed
Sec. 10. This ordinance shall be published
as required by the charter of said village, and
when so published shall take effect and be in
force.
Passed and adopted this 9th day of Decern’
ber, A. D., 1371, the President and three o 1
the trustees of said village being presen'
and voting thereon by ayes aud noes.
G. W. RYLAND,
President of said village ot Lancaster.
Attest: David Schreiner,
Clerk of said village of Lancaster.
STRAY NOTICES.
SFHAY HEIFER.— Taken up by the tabteriket
on laud* owned by hitu in Metlon 12, town of Bee
luwu, Oil or aliout the 10th of November, 1871. a two
or three year old dark red heifer, with inward curving
horns; no marke The owner i* rtejueated to prove
property, pay chargee aud take said stray aeay a
IBAAC SHEI'iiKRD.
Beetown, December 11,1871. 28«4*
SI BAI HEIFEH.—Tak.iI aa by lhe sol
lauds owned by him on eectiou 7, town of Water
loo, on the 10th ot November, 1871, one red aud white
yearling heifer, with a hole iu left ear. The owner io
requested to prove property, pay charges aud take
Midstray away. PETER KBBER.
Waterloo, November 27. 28w4
STRAY VOLT.—Taken up by the subectiber on
lauds owue<i by him in the town ot Wyalusing, on
or ab<<ut the 20tli of November, 1871, one bay mare
o-dt,three years old, bunch on left foreleg below lhe
knee, medium size. The owner is requested to prove
proper ty, pa, chrrges and take said stray away
SAMUEL PITZER.
Brodtville, December Bth, 1871. 28w4*
Si R V k HI'EEH —Taken up by the subscriber eu
lauds owned by him on section 15. t .wn of Cass
ville, on or ale.ut December let, 1871, one yearling
stear, small size, color of hea l ami neck mostly red.
body roan or speckled, small hole or slit iu left ear.
lhe owner is requested to prove property,pay charges
and tase said stray. O. B M VARTN KY.
Cassville. December Btb, 1871, 28w4
STRAY BULL—Taken up by the subscriber ou
lands owned by him in the village of Potosi, ou
the Ist day of Deeemcer, 1871, a dark redtwo ,ear old
bull, white on belly aud little white along the back,
ctep and hole iu right ear. The owner is requested
to prove property, pay charges and take aaid stiav
aw *y- JOSEPH HALL.
Potosi, December 7. 1871. 28 w 4
03 RAY STEER.—Takeu up by the substriber on
kJ lands owned by him 2 miles west of on
or about November 25th, 1871, one red and white two
year old steer, fore legs red, hind legs white, home
nearly straight. TLe owner iu requested to prove
property, psy charges aud take said stray away.
HENRY SUCK.
December 11. 28w4*
QTRAY STEER AND II El FEB.—Taken tip by the
kJ subscriber on lands owned by him in sections 8
aud 17, township 6, range 1, in the town of Wingville,
on or about the 28th day of November. 1871. onu
light red steer with white face and some white on I is
belly and on the end of tall, no marks, about 2 eg-8
old. email size also one red and white speckled heifet
with dark red neck and head, white star In forehead,
one year old past. The owner is requested to prove
property, pay cha.ges and take said strays awav
JOSHUA BATTEN.
W mgville, Dec 7, 1871. 28w4*
MARE—Taken up by the subscriber ou
kJ lands owned by him in the town of Little Grant,
ou the let day of December, 1871, a bright bay mare,
both hind feet white and a white strip in face, about 7
°r 8 years old hml on at time she was taken up, a
bridle, surcingle and sheepskin. Tho owner is re
quested to prove property, pay charges and take said
stray away. j AMES MILNER
Little Grant, December 12. 28w4*
SI It kY b I'KEii.—Taken np by the subscriber re
Biding ou section 31, town 4, range 4, Beetown
on or about November 21st, 1871, one red and white
yearling past steer, piece off right ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pay charges and take
said stray away. G. B. lILACKBOURN.
Beetown, November 25, 1871 2f>w4*
QTRAY HEIFER AND STEER -Taken up by
kt the subscriber on laud s owned by him in Mount
Hope, on or about Nov. 15th 1871, one light red 2
year old heifer with white ou end of tail horns turned
in; also a red yearling steer, while on end of tail—uo
marks.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges aud take said stray away.
DAVID TAYLOR.
Mt. Hope, Nov 18th 1871, 25w4*
STR AY BlLL.—Taken up Ly the subscriber on
lands owned by him on or about the 10th day of
November 1871 in tho town of Bloomington, Grant
Connty, Wise.>ntiu section fourteen, town 5 N range
live west one bull one year old past, color mostly red.
white in the face, round hole iu right ear, aud piece
out es the top of tho left ear. The owner is request
ed to prove property, pay charges ami take Baid stray
away D AN IEL TRAN ER
Blooini 'gton Wis, Nov. 10th 1871 25w4*
qITRAY COW.—Strayed from Fennitno e Center
7 August 8, 1871, one red cow, dark red lace with
white in forehead, some white under the belly, white
sp >t ou each iiind foot, siim built,ab< nt 9 years old,
and has a gimlet bole in one horn. She was seen at
the head ot Crooked Creek. The finder will be suit
ably rewarded. 25w4 A. GOVIER.
C 1 it k Y OLI aud 111'.IFER Taken up by the
kJ subscriber residing in the town of Cassvil e. on
land- owned and occupied by him in Section 16, Town
3, Range in said town, on or about th sth day of
November, 1871, one Bay Mare Colt four years old.—
Also one two rear old Heifer, color red with a little
white on the head aud under tho bellv.
_ ANTON WOOFENDORF, Jr.
Cassville, November 11, 1871. 25w4
STRAY BULL.—Taken up by the subscriber in
the town of Beetown. on or about the 15th of
September, 1871, one red and white bull. 2 years old.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said stray away. WM PHINNEY.
Beetown, December 2.1.1871. 27 w 4
<TiIAY Al ARE.—Taken up by the subscriber on
kJ lands owned by him on section eight, town one,
range 2. Jamestown.on or about November 28tb, 1871,
one dark buy mare, about 4 years old. star in forehead,
black legs. Said mare came to my place about the Ist
of October last.
The owner is reqtt sted to prove property, pay
charges and take said strayaway.
MICHAEL RICHARDS.
Jamestown November 28, 1871. 27 ws*
SI RAY lIORKE.—Taken up by the subscriber on
lands owned by him ou section 25, town 6, range
5, six milestaet of Patch Grove, on or about Novem
ber 28, 1871 one cream colored horse, supposed to be
2 years old past, with black mane and tail, lump and
scar on left side.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. J. J. LAMBERT.
27w4
lit A Y CALVBB.—Taktu up by the subscriber
kr residing on section 1.3, town 4, rangy 5, Beetown,
on the 23d day of Novembsr, 1371, three ste< r calves—
one red, one spotted and one light red; two have slits
in left ear, the other a slit in right ear. The owner
is requested toprove property, pay charges and take
said strays away. SAMUEL DICKSON.
Beetowu, December 2 t lb7l. 27w4*
CTRAY HEIFER.—Taken up by the subscriber
kJ on land owned by him on section 18, in the town
Waterloo, November 10th, 1871, one black and whits
yearling heifer with a slit in left ear. The owner is
requested to proro property, pay charges and take
stray away. MICHAEL ESBER,
W atera >O, November 27,1«71. 22w4*
STRAY HEIFER.—Taken up by the subscriber on
lauds owned by him about 2 miles south of Bloom
ington. on or about the Ist of November. 1871, a two
year old heifer, dark red with -o ush of tail white and
some white in Rank. Tito owner is requested to prove
property pay charges and take said stray awav.
JAC OB SCHREINER.
Bloomington, December 4,1871. 27w4*
STRAY STEER.—Taken up by the subscriber on
lands owned by him in section 36, town 6. range
l.town of Wingville, on or abont November 2», 1871,
one light red steer, about 1 year old no marks. Thu
owner is requested to prove propertv, pay charge.
and take said stray away. HARVEY DUNN.
Wiugvllle, November 30, 1871. 27w4*
qTRAY 4TEKRS.—Tak<”: np bj
kj on lands occupied by him on section 29, in the
town of Paris, on or about the 18th day of November,
1871. three yearling steers—one red with a white face;
One b’ack with white marks on the head aud breast,
and the other red and white speckled.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said strays away. G. I*. SCHELLER.
Dickeyville, November 31st, 1871. 27 w4*
QI HAY HEIFER.—Taken up Uy the subscriber on
kJ landsowned l>y him three miles west of Bloom
ington, Wis., one white and red mnly heifer also a
red and white heifer, underbit In both ears, supposed
to be 2 years old.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said strays away. GEO. W. LEE
Bloomington, November 27, 1871 27w4*
QTRAV BTKER.—Taken un by the subscriber on
O lands owned by him on Sec. 4 in the town of El
lenboro on or about the 30th day of November,lß7l,one
red and white spotted yearling steer, no marks. The
owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. JAMES McCORMICK
December 6th. 27 w4*
AUCTION SALE
Of Horses, Cattle, Sheep,Hogs’
The nnderwiguod will Bell at public auction at the
residence of the late Deborah Carey, deceaaed, about 3
milee north of Bloomington, on the road leading from
Patch Grove to Lancaster,
On Thursday, December 14th, 1871
SIX HEAD OF HORSES—one 8 year old, 1 fonr yr
Obi. 1 three year old, 2 two year olds, 1 yearling.
2; HEAD OF CATTLE—3 rows, 2 three year old
steers, 5 two year olds, 3 yearlings. 47 head of Sheep,
15 Hops. Also a double harness, 10 ton* of Hay, 125
bushels Potatoes, 3 stove*, and many other artfries
too numerous to mention.
TERMS—AHsums of flO and under, cash: all over,
1 year s credit with approved note at 10 per cent. A
discount of 5 per cent on cash payments.
Sabs to commune? at ten o’clock, forenoon,
JOHN RYAN,
WM. D. RYAN.
26w3* Administrator* Estate of Cary.
PAY UP, PAY UP!
All person* knowing tbemselvrs indelted to me
either by note or book account are request* d to settle
the sam** by the let cf November. Harvest is over. »nd
I wifi take no excuse. Money I must have in orc -r to
carry on bnsines*. All notes and book accounts not
settled by the Txt *f November will be placed in the
hands of an attorney for collection. I mean Vfhat I
JOHN POLLOCK.
Issue aster, October 9th, 1871. I9ai3
L* ST NOTICE.
All notes due me, whether large or small,
not paid by tbe Ist day of January, will be
placed in the hands of an officer for collec
tion. This is my east notice to those indebt
ee to me by note or on book account. It will
save costs to settle this month. Promises
will not answer. I must have the money.
Lancaster, Dec. 4. (?7t3) A. DiLGER.
SPECIAL NOTICE-
AH persons having Bills against us are re
quested to present tbe same in detail, and all
parties knowing themselves indebted to us
by note or book account are requested to pay
1 tbe same before the 31st day of Dec. lb'l.
Dec. 4. (27t3) BAXTER KINNEY.
ED. PALMER. CHAD. BARNETT.
BOSCOBEL, WIS.
yy E OFFER AN ENTIRE NEW BT<X-R OF FART
ERS AND WESTERN MAUK
4 O
C °*o
*oVU’.-
5 <R S
EDGINGS, HANKERCHIEFS,
WHITE GOODS.
knit hoods, scarfs, nubias, spool thread,
Table Damasks, Fancy Goods, Ladies’, Misses**
and Children's
*o J S
I'll, J, 4i
v G °Ofi S
G t 3,
c *e
A FULL LINE OF GENT’S UNDERWEAR,
CLOTHING!
HATS, CAPS, BOOTS AND SHOES.
Our GItOC'EKIKB are all fresh and offer then:
at VERY LOW RATES
OUR. TEAS.
Boscobel, December 1,1871. 22-52tf
STOCK FARM FOR SALE.
The undersigned often for sale his farm, 21£ miles
below the village of Caseville, in tho town ot Cassville,
Grant county, Wis. The above farm consists of th
south half of section 27, town 3, range 3; is well wa
tered by several largo springs and brooks; 200 acres
of it under fence, and 8o acres under cultivation; a
young, thrifty orchard of 250 trees on the prmlMs; also
a young Nursey of about 76,000 young (one and two
year Id) trees started a comfortable brick dwelling
and pledty of good outbuildings on the place. The
building is beautifully situated to command a view of
the Mississippi river and ths Dubuque and Minnesota
Railroad for 15 miles up and down the river. THIS
19 THE PLACE WHERE I RAISED THOSE LARGE
WATERMELONS The place is unsurpassed in Giant
county foraStock Farm. I will sell the above place
either with or without Stock and Farm Implement*.
Terms—One-third of the purchase money down, the
balance on time to suit purchaser.
JOHN IL C. SNECLODK.
Dated Cassville, January 27. 1871. 35tf
HOTEL STAND.
For Salo or Rent.
Wishing to engage in other business, my well known
hotel stand iu Montfort is offered lor tale. The hotel
ib in complete repair, newly painted and well furnish
td. There uro three acres of laud, thereon a never
failing spring and two guod wells also an orchard of
60 bearing tree*. One of the best tavern barns in the
count!y—large and conveniently arranged: also gra
nary and shedding. This is the best country stand
fur busineas between Madison and the river. I will
sell the property including the furniture aud fixtures,
lor —half each, balance on time. I’ossessiou
giv» u April Ut, 1872. Hero is “business'’ for any
man who wants to make a paying investment.
JOHN STEVENS.
Montfort, Wis., Nov. 20,1871. 26in4
STOCK and DAIRY’FARM
FOR SALE.
Iu the town of Bloomington, containing 260 acres, all
fenced, 10 acres of which is Grovj timber, the balance
plow land, meadow and pasture, with several good
springs of water. Comfortable frame dwelling there
on, also granary, stable an t other outbuildings. The
place is I*, miles Inns the village of Bloomington,
13 from Bridgeport, 11 from Glen Havou end 13 from
Lancaster.
Price, sl7 per acre, half cash, balance on time to
suit purchaser. For fu:ther particulars apply to
Dau l Bradley on the farm, or James BM.entitle,
Bioomingtn, Wis Sept, la, 1871. 15m3
Timber Lot For Sale.
The subscriber offers the timber lot for Rule situate
as follows, being the West half of the Roulhwest qnar
ter of Section Hix.Tuwn five, Hauge four in the town
of Little Grant, Grant Co Wis., containing eighty
acres of land, well timbered anti watered. Pi ice sl6.
pe- acre. Any person desiring to purchase can call on
Thumbs Sloan or Alexander Paul in Patch Grove or
address me by letter at Watson, Del. Co., N. Y.
Terms ot Sale,one third of the purchase money tn
be paid on delivery of the warranty deed; the balance
in two or three yearly payments on approved notes
w ith annual interest. ROBERT IP BLOAN.
Walton, K. Y., Nov. 6th, 1871. 26tf
MILL PROPERTY for Sale;
I will sell my mill site in the town of Blue River
Grant connty, on the Fennimore fork of the Blue,
on easy terms, to any one who wishes to build a mill.
My grist mill, known as the Badger City Mills, burned
la-t Spring, and 1 do not feel able to rebuild. Th"
property comprises an 80 acre tract in section 18; 30
acres improved thereon a Game dwelling, stabling
&c. A dam and plenty of water will also sell with
the property a 4 ft. Turbine Wheel and other parts of
the machinery saved from the fire. The mill site is
onn of the best in th) country fol custom or merchant
work. J. N. WALKER.
Blue River, September 20, 1871. 23-17*f
STOCK DAIRY FARM
FOR SALE.
The subscriber will sell his stock farm, situated six
miles north of the village of Lancaster and six miles
south-west of Fennimore Centre, consisting of 341
acres—sixty acres of which is timber, the balance
plow land, meadow and pasture, with a stream of
water running through the center. Thereon a largo
frame house with good cellar; a large frame barn with
underground stable; also a spring house. Good school
near by and excellent neighborhood Price, $25 per
acre. DANIEL PROUDFIT.
Lancaster, April 19,1870.
Farm for Sale.
1 offer for sale my farm of 150 acres, situate in the
town of Waterloo, 3 milon from Beetown <»n the Cass
ville road 58 acre*' under cultivation plenty ot tiin
her and bottom land; watered by three spring*.
The farm is w«li adapted tor stock raising, ami is sit
uated within 2 miles of two grist mills. Is also good
mineral bearing A house, log stable and outhouses
thereon, Terms reasonable.
Mrs. MARGARET MCDONALD.
Wat er’oo, Nov. 6, 1871. 2*in4
10V FOR SAIuH.
The following described lands are offered for sale
SW of neb, of ewL,, nw of s<*4, of i
—all in section 3'4, town 6, rpnge 4 situated one mile
from the village of Mt. Hope, Grant county. Wh. A
small house thereon; Ift acres under cultivation;
several Sood springs and a good water power for a
mill. Also, 10 acres timber in the town of Millville.
For particulars, spply to THEODORE TAYLOR.
Mount Hope, Win.
April 28tb,1571 4stf
HOUSE AND LOT
For Sale or Rent.
1 have for sale a house and lot in th" village of Lan
caster, situated near the Woolen Mills, A good com
fortable frame house, containing three rooms, and
well adapted to the wants of a small family. Fir
particulars inquire of John P. Lewis, Lancaster.
F. B. QUINBY.
November 26,1871. 26ml
160 Acre Farm for Sale I
The undersigned will sell the property known as
“part of the Burnett Farm, situated within half a
mile of the village of Mount Hope. Thereare SO acres
nudercultivation—Sew ground and will fenced Half
the bilance is heavy timber; the remainder sood till
able land Convenient to a good school. Good spring
on the premises. For terms apply to the undersigned
two miles east of the village ot Mount Hope.
October 2,1871, 19tf M. McNAMEk-
VILLAGE PROPERTY
For Salo CHEAP!
1 offer for Hide my place iu the village of Lancawter,
consisting of 12 lots, with a <1 welling house, barn and
orchard thereon. Wilt sell the whole together or iu
parcel* to suit purchasers. Enquire on the premises
or at the Herald office. Si ARC A RET TIED.
Lancaster, Nov. 6,1871. 23tf
LANDS FOR SALE
IN PARCELS.
The Lands of Joseph Horner—about 600 acres are
for sale. Apply to J. Allen B ober, his Attorney. Lan
caster. Win. 30tf
FOR. SALE,
A tract Of valuable TIMBER LAND in the town of
Paris Apply to the undersigned iu the village of
Hard Greer. Mu B REIFBTKCK.
September 26‘ 1871. 23-'.7tf
GEORGE T. WALKER,
General Azent for Grant hwa 1 Lihvette Coanties for
HOWE SEWING MACHINE,
Steinway, Chickering, Grovestein, Fnller A Co’s
PIANOS. PRINCE'S ORGANS AND MELODEONS
1 22-30 LANt ASTER, WISCONSIN.
GRAPE ROOTS FOR SALE.
I beg to announce that I have for sale Gmpo Root s
•of eery variety beat adapted to this latitude. To
I parti-s unfamiliar with the art of planting and cut
tiratlng grape vines, I will give pers'-nal instructions.
Also a l»t of Flint Treed which will be sold cheap.
I Pure, home-made wise* In large or small quantities.
JOHN BONN.
I Potosi. November 21. 1871.
A Hollar Saved
Is A Dollar Earned!
BVY YOUR GOODS OB'
PARKER S HILDEBRAND
WHO HAVE ON HAND
The Largest Stock of Fall and Winter Goods
EVER BROUGHT TO GRANT COUNTY!
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
Fancy Dress Goods, Silks, Poplins, Mohairs, Alpaccas.
IlfflSE STOCK OF FiAWEI AID WI GOODS.
AGRNTS IVOK THE SALE OB’ LANCASTER GOODS.
MAMMOTH STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES.
Full line of Bradley Metcalf Custom Work. HATS, CAPS and Crockery ware.—
Belling GROCERIES FEARFULLY LOW I Good Gunpowder Tea $1 per pound. A
Dollar saved is a Dollar made I Don’t buy till you have called on
PARKER HILDEBRAND.
Biwcoui, September 11, 1871. 48ti
GUSTAV MEYER. EDWARD MEYER
MEYER BROS.,
BOSCOBEL.
WINTER TRADE
A Beautiful Line
MS 111 MBBIAS.
FURS!
MINK,
CONEY,
&c.
LADIES KIDS!
Ail Colors
G-ENT’S
GLOVES!!
Kid,
Dogskin,
Buck.
Ladies’ ami Gent’s
RUBBER GOODS!
Artics,
Warm Overs,
&c. tec.
8 H A "W IL 8
Ladies’ and Genl’s
UNDERWEAR
"SPEM"
NOVEMBER
\NI)
DECEMBER.
BOSCOBEL, November 13,1871. dtitf
W. B, BAXTER, D..1..1.

PURR
DRUGS,/
Standard Chemicals, f
Paints, Oils, Glass, I
Tobaccos
eoAPB,
PttnrtiMißT, 4c. F\
PRESCRIPTIONS
Carefully Compounded.
.oLMumaai
Lancaster* January 1.1871. 22-3<>tf
CABINET I WOOD-WORK SHOP
At JAMESTOWN, Wis.
1, |X I 4 Till don.- on short notice
t I'jl A I and in a mat manner
KKADY-M.UIK
C O F* r lIV S
of all kkds and sizes on hand and trimmed to ordw
I also have a good HEARSE which will ba furnish
ed when desired. F RANKLIN LYSIER.
Jamestown, November 11, 1871. 24m6
PATCH GROVE ACADEMY.
The winter termiof this institution will commence
ne.day, Dec. sth,»ud continue 16 weeks.
RATES OF TUITION:
Common English Branches, 65 eta. per week.
Higher 76
Languago. 85
Oood board can be obtained at $2.60 to $3.00 per
week-
Pnpds wishing to board themselves cen obtain
rooms for that purpose.
For further information inquire of
251 f C. R. NEWCOMB, I'riiwipal.
FARM FOR SALE.
My farm of 75 acres situated on .action 5, town of
Lima, is offered for sole. 4o acres under cultivation;
balance good timber; well watered; log dwelling,
stable Ac.on the premises. The property is located on
ths Platteville and Annaton road, near a school bouse
am.' grist mills. Good range for stock. Will sell on easy
terns. Apply to me on
Lima. October 6th, 1871. 19m3*
A RARE BARGAIN—OnIy 81150
will purchase a farm of 80 acres two and a
half miles from Lancaster. S6OO required
down, balance on long time. For further
particula-' address or call on
27tf JOSEPH BOCK,
Office over Ryland A Holloway's Bank.
BOSCOBEL
TANNERY
BACHMAN BROS.
KISTLER,
«r
Manufacturers of awl deal.ns la
LEATHER
SHOE FINDINGS.
Saddlery Hardware!
Blankets SADDLES,
Ila rias, H ,trM
Bells, Fh Xeis, fit-
Keep constantly or hand full assortment of
Sole Leather!
FRENCH AND DOMESTIC CALF AND KIP SKINS,
Upper and Harness Leather.
Onr Tannery ha. now been established six years,
and the loatber made by us la ss good a. any maun
fn< tuied Kt tho East.
FIRST-CLASS
WORKMEN employed in the making of Horae Col
lar., Harness, Fly-nets, Ac.
fitTSgr* Highest Cash Prices
pain for Hides and Sheep Pelts.
TANNERY on Sander’s Creek STORE corner of
Oak and Wisconsin Avenue
Boscobel, November 25, 1871. 22-29yl
ANTON SCHMITT
T THE
110 MOM HOMf
Lancaster, Wis.
HAVING purchased the entire sto<k of Goods ot
Messrs Ryland Holloway, 1 will continue th.
business of
General Merchandising
a t the old stand. Knowing the want, of old custo
mers I will be prepared to supply them, aud hope by
fair dealing aud strict attention to tho demands of
tho trade to merit their continued patronage. All
are aware of tho
CHOICE QUALITY
of GOODS purchased, anil especially in the Drv Goods
and Dress Good- department*. Having bought at
Low Figures
lam able to Hell nt BARGAINS LOWBR Chau
ever before offered Iu chia vicinity.
DRY O-OOTDS!
DRESS GOODS,
HATS A CAI'S,
BOOTS SHONB.
NOTIONS, Ac
I will keep ou hand all kinds of
FRESH GROCERIES!
4%. Cull ami examine goods and price*. Fanners,
bring along your PRODUCE of all kinds to ex< hange
tor goods. ANTON SCHMITT.
Successor to Rylaud A Holloway.
February 28,1871. 2'2-3»tf
ovehcoats
f|
I
Great Western
OYSTER DEPOT!
As the OYSTER SEASON is about to commence
I would direct the attention of my old customer.,
and as may n< w ones as I can get, to my lately tilted
up room where they an enjoy a plate of Oyster. In
peace. Also
OVSTERS by the Can or Dozen of Caui.
Evening Parties supplied by me as cheap a. from city.
Confectionery!
An endless variety of FRENCH CREAMS, the best
•ver brought to thia market.
Nuts, Raisins, Figs, Dates!
All kinds of CRACK F.RB, first class CHEESE
and HAUBAGK.
CIGARS,
Hritolaintc and Chewing Tobuoco
♦w-Lemons and Apples always on haud.'M
N B.—l will supply those “French Gentlemen'*
who have not got the cash for oyster., with “Blind
Robins'* or usher them into my well-stocked cellar
with potatoes. JOHN BIEG.
Lancaster, October 3d, 1871. 18tf
BARNETT’S
EXPRESS STAGE LINE
CHANGE OF TIME
MAKING A
DAILY LINE
Between Boscobel and Platteville,
Via Fennimore, Lancaaler and Kllenboro,
Connecting at Lancaster with stages for
putoai and Dubaque;
STAGES leave Boacobel and Platteville evtfy more.
Ing (Sunday excepted) at seven o'clock and run
through direct. rmwengers by thia line will always
find good accommodations, easy and comfortable
hacks careful and obliging driver., and no delay,
makingjt th" most wit., reliable and desirable pout"
n JED. E. BARNETT,
22tf Proprietor.
SHORT-HAND
150 word, per minute achieved in on. month.*
study, by the Mew Lightning Method. Prone "need
by all who see it to bo the only simple and eS, leal
system in tli. world. Send two 3 cent postage .tamp,
for descriptive circular, testimonials aud information,
to PttOF- GRAY,
P.O. Box 4547. fS4»3) -Yew York.
"y 2E3 B 11 T _
DR. F. E. COOMES
Can alway.be found at his office from hours 9 A. M
till 6 p, tn. All thos* who desir* the aid of a dentist
call. Office over Baxy.r Favnr’s drug .tore,
BoKobel. 23-2tf
ALL KINDS OF LEGAL BLANKS for wile at the
lIlRAtn office.
L. R. SMITH,
TOIWCMIST
Lancaster, Wh.
CIGARS
PIPES,
And Beat Brand*
CHEWINC
AMD
SMOKING.
At Bast.r's Drug Store.
23-27tf