Sunday Edition. December 24.
ftand that Mis. Conway, Mlns Burna, Mr. Kennedy,
»nd the full strength of the company, will asslet,
thru making the Christmas attractions very great,
to-morrow there will be a grand extra <n»line6,
when a very fine entertainment will be submitted,
ijiert will also bo the usual matinee on Saturday.
i BoWbbt Theatbb.— The “Fate ”of Mr. Dick
ttalnb. at the Bowery Theatre, appears to have been
very luoky one, considerable success having at
tended hi» engagement since his appearance on
Monday evening. Fate” is a thrilling drama, con
taining no less than thirty-two individual characters,
most of whom were cleverly portrayed by the Bowery
Company. Mr. Ralph's various impersonations were
Cleverly given, and his musical performances elicited
much well-deserved applause. Mrs. W. G. Jones,
EMlsa Millie Sackett, Miss Polly Booth, Mrs. Connolly
nd Mrs. E. B. Holmes, and Messrs. Winter, Con
oily, France, Pike, and Manley, appeared to advan
tage, and tho other members of the company were
generally satisfactory.
T This week the favorite equestrian actress, Miss
Kat? Fisher, will appear in a round of her favorite
characters. To-monrow (Christmas day) there will
be an extra matinee at two o’clock, when the exciting
Hrama of “Life for Life,” with Miss Kate Fisher,
Will be produced. In the evening, Miss Fisher will
bppear as Mazeppa, in the exciting equestrian drama
tofthat title, and in both plays her splendidly-trained
steed Wonder will perform. During the week other
favorite plays will be presented, in which Miss
fisher and her steed will take part. The new play,
“Pedestin,” by Mr. J, W. Meath, is still in prepara
tion, and will shortly be produced.
Wood’s Museum. “The Ticket-of-Leave
Man” was very ably represented at Wood’s during
the week, being one of the strongest casts we have
yet seen. Mr. J. VV. Albaugh was a very good Bob
Briefly, Mr. Studley a superior Hawlcshaw, and Miss
Susan Denin a fitting representative of the muoh
tried May Edwards. Jem Dalton was ably imper
sonated by Mr. T. L. Connor, and Mr. J. J. Wallace
was an excellent Melter Moss. Miss Alien Atherton
played Sam Willoughby with great spirit, and Miss
Thereae Wo cd was a satisfactory Emily St. Evremond.
At the Matinees, Miss Louise Arnott has been gain
ing golden opinions by her clever acting in “Satan
|n Paris.”
To-morrow (Christmas day) there will be three per
formances—one at 11 A. M., when a favorite drama
and farce will be represented; one at 2 P. M., when
ft new play, entitled “The Winning Hand,” by Mr.
J. M. Fundell, will be produced, and the evening at
traction will be another new drama, by Mr. R. B.
Hilton, called “Benedict Arnold.” It is seldom we
find any .manager enterprising enough to present
two new plays in one day, and we trust Mr. Wood
will meet with the success he deserves in being so
liberal. The new dramas will be continued during
the week.
On Monday, January B .h, the eminent Irish come
dian, Shiel Barry, will make his first appearance in
this country, in a new play, written for him by Dr.
Palgrave Simpson.
Theatre Comique.— Much curiosity has been
ftxcited by the wonderful performances of Professor
A. Sylvester and Miss Angelique Schott. The for
mer, who claims possession of the faculty of clairvoy
ance, after apparently putting the young lady in a
state of mesmerism, leaves her fixed in the air with
no visible support save that derived from a polo on
which one of her arms rests. In this position he
moves her into various attitudes, and represents a
Bet of allegorical figures, the young lady all the while
presenting the appearance of being fast asleep. Not
possessing too penetration of a writer in a ootempo
rary, who volunteered an explanation that was no
explana ion, and whose ideas of the strength of steel
wire 3 and ladies' arms, are at least peculiar, we can
not undertake to say by what means all this is ac
complished, but are, nevertheless, prepared to admit
that it is really astonishing. We think Professor
Sylvester is fairly entitled to rank as one of the great
est of living illusionists. Miss Ella Wesner, Ada
Wray, and Jennie Hughes, sang pleasing melodies,
Bnd the company of comedians, acrobats, and vocal
ists appeared In their ordinary entertainments. To
morrow evening Mr. John Hart, the favorite como
dlan, will make his first appearance for six months,
and as ho is one of the most popular in the profes
sion, is likely to prove very attractive. A grand
Christmas Bp°cialty entitled “Santa Claus; or, Pov
erty’s Holiday,” will be produced for the first time.
Johnny Wijd, Charles White, Josh Hart, and all the
favorites will appear in laughable acts, making the
Christmas emeriainments exceedingly brilliant.
There will boa grand extra matinee to-morrow
(Christmas day), and the usual matinees on*Wednes
day and Saturday. The old favorites, Master Barney
and Add Ryman, will shortly appear, and many nov
elties are in active preparation.
Union Square THEATRE.—Sergoant Burk has
appeared in his lightning zouave drill, and gained
great admiration for the skill and dexterity he exhib
its in his handling of the rifle. Wm. Ashcroft’s songs
fthd dances appear to be getting even more popular
than formerly, his “Applewoman’s Lament” being
very warmly leceived and encored. Fred Foster has
Introduced several new songs, and J. F. Wamboid
has also addod to his collection. Hughey Dougherty
appears to have somewhat expanded his views on
matters political, and gives his opinion on local mat
ters in a stylo both entertaining and witty. Charley
Sturges displays much comic ability in the parts he
essays, and Lew Rattler and Johnny De Angelis are
great favorites with Union square patrons. The
Photograph Swindle” and Artaxerxes” have been
the comic sketches, and “Mad as a March Hare”
the concluding pantomime.
This week Mr. John Mulligan, a very talented ne
gro comedian, will be added to the company. A new
ballet, “The Star of Aurora,” in which Boufanti will
ftppear, is to be produced, and a grand Christmas
oomiopantomime, “The Red Witch; or, Goose and
Golden Eggs," be submitted for the first time. In it
the Matthews Family, George H. Coes, R. M. Butch
er and John Foster will appear. At the Saturday
matinee, and succeeding performances, Mr. E. D.
Davies, undoubtedly the greatest and most enter
taining vomri oquist living, will appear. Mr. Butler
is to be complimented on having secured Mr. Davies,
Who in himself contains all the elements of a splen
did enter tain monk Matinees Wednesday and Satur
day.
f New York Circus.— Mr. Lent has a groat
treat in store for his juvenile friends during the
Christmas holidays. This will be nothing more or
less than the production of a grand spectacular fairy
pantomime, portraying the life and adventures of
the wor d-renowned Goody Two Shoes,” including
her trials at the hands of the giant of the crimson
castle, and showing the benefit of possessing a magic
hen. Mr. Lent promises that this will be one of the
greatest spectacles yet submitted to the public, and
what he promises he always performs. The entire
company will assist in the pantomime, and will also
Bppear in their individual specialties. There will bo
matinees every day during the holiday season, and
ftll the performances will be rendered as pleasing as
good management and thepnest strenuous efforts of
the performers can accomplish. A visit to the New
Xork Circus is one of the duties of the season.
Thirty-fourth Street Theatre.—New art
ists appear in quick succession at Mr. Smith’s varie
ties theatre, and novelties of every kind are present
ed to its patrons as rapidly as they can be procured.
Among the latest arrivals were Mr. Sam Sanford, the
Inimitable negro comedian; George Guy, song and
dance arlisi; and the sisters Warren, vocalists and
comediennes. The Christmas holidays will not be
neglected, us to-morrow evening a splendid panto
mime, founded on the adventures of the celebrated
“Tom, the Piper’s Son,” will be produced, with all
the advantages of careful preparation and ’fine
scenery. The varieties entertainment will also be
made very agreeable, and the arrangements generally
Buch as will insure satisfaction. The residents of the
up-town district will therefore this Christmas have
plenty of amusement without having to go far for it.
Nixon’s Broadway Circus.— This latest ad
dition to our public places of amusement was inaug
urated, with every appearance of success, on Monday
evening, when the circus building was comfortably
filled in every part to witness the initial performance
of Mr. Nixon’s company. The house has been
greatly altered, and either for comfort or elegance,
will vie with almost any place of the kind we have
had in this city. The stud of horses is large, and
the anima's appear to have been selected with great
care—many of tnem being beautiful specimens of the
equine race, and almost all of them exhibiting signs
of oarelui training. The equestrian performers are
all highly gifted artists, many of them already well
known, but a majority of them are new to New
York. Mdi’es. De Berg and Cordelia performed very
difficult fea's of horsemanship with much grace and
ftpparent ease. Harry Welby Cooko is a magnificent
bare-back rider, and John Henry Cooke an eques
trian who has lew rivals. The Melville Family were
Well received, and -re likely to be as popular here as
at Mr. Lout’s establishment. Messrs. Miaco and
Ball gave an exceedingly thrilling aerial perform
ance, and tho feats of Fred and Eva Costello were
also wonderfully daring. Mr. Herbert Williams is
one of the most refined jesters we have yet heard,
and at once secured for himself a place in the favor
of tho public. His jokes are really witty, and fre
quently original, and his manner of delivering them
very pleasing. Nat Austin, already well known, also
presented a highly creditable appearance, and the
remainder of the company gave great satisfaction.
To-morrow, many new features will be presented for
the holiday season, under the auspices of Santa
Olaus himself, by whom a present will be made to
every child in tho house. So now, little ones, per
suade your parents to treat you to a visit to tho Cir
cus on Christmas day. Matinees every day during
the week.
P- T. Barnum’s Circus. The last two
Week's of the present stay of this circus are now an
nounced, aud great exer.ions are being made to cele
brate tho Christmas season in a becoming manner
Srior to the close of the season. A troupe of Sabiau
famelukes from the desorts of Arabia, described as
the most powerful athletes of tho sun-worshippers
Of Egypt.” and whose muscular powers are said to
be extraordinary, are among the latest attractions
added, and a gorgeous oriental spectacle will be
produced on Monday. It is entitled, “The Jesters
dream of the Hippodrome” and in the grand inci
dental procession, the display will be one of the fin
est yot seen, calling into requisition all the resour
ces ot the establishment. The circus will be open
each day from 11 A. M., until 10 P. M., and there
Will be performances at two and eight o’clock.
Dramatic Reading, —On Thursday evening
fiext, Mr. George M. Cipiico, an actor and reader en
joying a very high reputation in California and the
West, will give an entertainment in Steinway Hall,
consisting of dramatic readings from the works of
Shakspero and other eminent authors. The first
part will consist of a reading of the entire first act of
Hamlet;” the second, of suitable selections, se
rious and humorous, from other writers. Judging
from the high terms of praise in which Mr. Ciprico
Is spoken of by those who have heard him, the en
tertainment is likely to be a very refined and pleas
ing one, and in the present dearth of. talented dra
matic reader*!, no one taking any delight in the works
•Of the best authors should fail to attend.
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre.— The suc
cess which attended the recent Thursday matinees at
Harry Hill’s, has induced him to announce another
most attractive one for Thursday next, the 29th inst.,
which will, in all probability, be the best of them all.
On that occasion there will be on exhibition the
largest ox in tho world, weighing four thousand'two
hundred and fifty-three pounds; a full variety troupe,
consisting of vocalists, dancers, comedians, and acro
bats, will furnish an excellent performance, and all
the distinguished pugilists will appear in full ring
costume and engage in a grand sparring tournament.
The performances will commence at two o’clock and
tho sport is likely to be immense.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
The now drama of Dumas jils, “Une Visite
les Nooes,” is bo indecent that its representation has
roused, the indignation of even the Parisian press. La
France Fays of it: “If our taste and conscience are so
perverted that we oan encourage such performances by
pur cheers, we are indeed on decadence.”
Among tho company at present at Fox’s
American Varieties Theatre, Philadelphia, are Messrs.
Sheridan and Mack. Ed Banker, J. H. Milburn, the
Walhalla Brothers, Miss Annie Adams, and Mile, De
Rosa.
A new theatre baa been opened at Calcutta,
India, under the management of Mr. G. B. Lewis. The
bouse was built, it is said, in less than four weeks. The
Opening piece was “The Silver Lining.
Among the victims to small pox in Phila-
el P hi wore Mrs. Eliza Tree, professionally known as
Lida Wells, a danseuse, and Master Charley, a well
known song and dance performer.
.Miss Rose D’Erina sings at the Young Men’s
Mail, Indianapolis, to-morrow (Christmas day),
Lost at Soa” is underlined for early pro
duction at tho New National Theatre, Washington.
The Wallack and Riohings troupe played there with
great success last week.
The new theatre, Chicago, will be opened on
January Bth, and occupied by a combination for two
weeks, after which it will be run by a stock company un
til May Ist.
The Meriden, Conn., amateurs, having been
successful in the opera of The Haymakers,” will bring
out “Genevieve,” “Pepita,” and “The Doctor of Al
cantara.”
Harry Watkins, the comedian, drew the
capital prize, valued at $25,000, in the Derby Premium
Land Safe,” which took place at Augusta, Ga., Novem
ber 30th.
Mr. and Mrs. Dion Boucloault are playing at
the Gaiety Theatre, London, then first appearance in
that city for four years. They come to America in the
Spring.
The Lydia Thompson Burlesque Troupe are
announced to perform at the Olympic Theatre, St.
Louis, from December 25th to January 6th. inclusive.
The new comedy, The Coming Woman; or,
The Spirit of 1876,” has proved an immense hit at Da
venport’s Chestnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia.
Watts Phillips’romantic drama, “Not Guil
ty,” is to ba produced at the Walnut Street Theatre,
Philadelphia, to-morrow evening.
Sims Reeves, the great English tenor, it
is stated, is actually preparing to come to America, de
spite his dread of a sea voyage.
A Vermont girl, now Mrs. E. V. N. Hitch
cock, has risen to the musical bight of prima donna of
the grand opera at Brussels.
George Lingard, late of the Worrell Sisters’
company, joined Mr. and Mrs. Harry Watkins’ combina
tion, at Savannah, Geo.
It is reported that Mr. Maplesonhas engaged
Nilsson for the next operatic season at Her Majesty’s
Theatre, London.
Miss Nellie Kemp, from Haymarket Theatre,
London, is now a member of the Globe Theatre Com
pany, Boston.
Edwin Adams, assisted by Mr. Frank Mor
daunt, played at the Opera House, Utioa, on Thursday
and Friday.
Mr. Charles Weatleigh is playing Asa Trench
ard to the Lord Dnndreary of Mr. Sothern at the Boston
Theatre.
The Seventh Street Opera House, Philadel
phia, was sold by the sheriff on Monday week last for
$25,000.
The Wyndham Comedy Company have been
playing Daly’s Divorce” at the New Pittsburgh Opera
House.
“The Renegade of the Potomac” will ba the
holiday attraction at the Aoademy of Music, Pitts
burgh.
“Rosedale” will ba the Christmas attraction
at Mrs. John Drew’s Arch Street Theatre, Philadelphia.
William Nelson Perkins, a promising young
American vocalist, died at Milan, Italy, lately.
The Chapman Sisters open at the Howard
Athenaeum, Boston, on Jan. Bth.
Providence, R. L, is getting over its aston
ishment of a new opera house.
W. H. Lingard and company are booked for
Indianapolis this week.
W. H. Leake and Annie Waite are at the
Globe Theatre, Boston.
Mozart’s “Don Giovanni,” has been hissed
off the stage at Trieste.
The Coleman Children are at the Griswold
Opera House, Troy,
Mrs. Charles Moulton sang in Macon, Ga.,
on the 21st inst.
Mr. Charles Howard is at the Howard Athe
neum, Boston.
Maggio Mitchell is at Pike’s Opera House,
Cincinnati.
The Nilsson Troupe visit Pittsburg on Jan.
4th and sth.
J. M, Ward played in Pittsburgh last week.
Ww.

If you would properly observe the
gav and festive season now upon us, fail not to visit
James Nolan’s “Woodbine,” corner of Sixth ave
nue and Thirteenth street, during the Christmas
times. To those who'habitually visit the “Wood
bine” the whole year round, it is a merry time, the
comforts of the place being such as to banish every
thing but pleasure.
Mb. S. J. Dblan still distances all
competitors In the beauty and quality of the gold
and silver watches, wedding and other rings, and
jewelry of every description, provided in such abun
dance, at his splendid store, No. 357 Grand street.
At the Lake in the Central Park,
the other evening, when the pleasures of skating
were being indulged in to an unlimited extent, a
young lady was heard to observe, “Oh, I do so like
Charlie! He's such an elegant skater; and, beside,
he has such exquisite taste. He always purchases
his hats at Knox’9 famous emporium, No. 212 Broad
way,”
Neveb for a moment look sad or
downcast; but when the least sign of gloom o’er
hangs your spirits, proceed at once to Habby Hill’s
famous Concert Saloon, at No, 26 East Houston street,
and be made merry.
This is the season of the year when
boys should be kept well fed and clothed. The for
mer can be looked to at home, and for the latter, take
them to the great depot for substantial clothing for
boys and men, D. Shea’s, No. 427 Broome street, at
once.
Ths most suitable goods, either in
men’s or youths* clothing, warranted to give satis
faction either in make, durability, or finish of style,
can be procured at the well-known outfitting estab
lishment of Messrs. J. M. Varian Sons, Nos. 70 and
72 Bowery. The general satisfaction given by thia
firm in all the goods furnished by them, has obtained
for them an enviable reputation as gentlemen’s out
fitters.
Christmas, in tho olden time, was
celebrated with great pomp, festivity, and glee. In
paintings of the anoient Christmas gambols, all are
laughing and showing their teeth, which are clean
and white. This proves that good tooth-powder was
used even before Thurston’s Ivoby Pearl Tooth-
Powdeb was compounded; probably its ingredients
were known to our forefathers, and came down by
tradition. Be this as it may, it is acknowledged to
ba the best dentrifice now inexistence.
Arrived at Last —The steamer La
Rose, with a full cargo of Holiday and Fancy Goods
of every description.
The proprietors of the great Original Dollar
Store, No. 6G7 Broadway, intended this cargo of
goods for last week; but, on account of the delay,
they will not be opened until Tuesday next. The
proprietors say that they will then show to the citi
zens of New York the grandest display of goods,
especially suitable for New Year’s presents, that
has ever been exhibited in this city. The variety is
so great that it would ba useless to attempt to enu
merate the articles.
All who wish New Year’s goods are respectfully
invited to call, and they will receive bargains that
will eclipse anything that has yet been offered at
the Dollar Store.
The rush at this establishment last week was
immense, and every one seemed to be delighted
with their purchases; but the proprietors seriously
regret that they were not able to have the
SPLENDID GOODS
that were in the steamer La Rose for last week’s
trade.
Coffees and Teas for the Holidays.
—A package of tea or coffee is an acceptable present
for the holidays. We have the largest, freshest, and
best assortment of Coffees and Teas ever offered for
sale in this city, and selected expressly for the holi
day trade. Goods delivered In all parts of the city.
A holiday present given to each customer at all our
stores. Great American Tea Company.
Bell Schnapps. —The unprecedent
ed demand that our celebrated Bell Schapps is
meeting with throughout the country, induces us to
state that it Is pronounced by physicians and mer
chants to be the purest and most reliable article of
Schnapps imported from Holland. Dealers who will
compare our Schnapps with others in the market,
will find them in every way superior. H. G. Wolfe
Co., No. 18 South William street, Sole Importers.
THE CHAMPION OYSTER EATKIU
AN UNPARALLELED FEAT.
On Friday afternoon, Abraham Greenleaf, Town
Clerk of New Durham township, and James Brush,
proprietor of a hotel at that place, met at Sam Mil
ler’s oyster house, in Washington street, Hoboken,
when a discussion arose as to the number of oysters
a man could eat. Greenleaf offered to wager a cham
pagne and oyster dinner for the company of ten per
sons present, that he could eat one hundred of the
largest oysters in the house within half an hour, and
the challenge was accepted by Brush. One hundred
of the largest Saddle Rock cysters were selected, and
Greenleaf commenced the unprecedented feat. Af
ter swallowing fifteen ot the bivalves, he took a pony
of brandy, and repeated the dose at the end of evei’y
fifteenth oyster until the entire number were gulped
down. The spectators expressed their astonishment
when the gluttonous Greenleaf offered to wager $25
against $2 50, that he could swallow twenty-five
more oysters, With no takers. The oysters were as
cold as ice, and Mr. Miller says they would have
filled a common water pail very nearly two-thirds
full. In the evening, Greenleaf was in Miller’s, and
offered to bet fifty dollars that he could swallow an
other hundred oysters. Mr. George Martin, oyster
dealer at the foot of Christopher street, hearing ot
the tout, discredited it until assured of ita norroot
neas by Mr, Mitox.
FASHION’S HOLIDAY GOSSIP.
THE JOYS OF CHRISTMAS—NEW YEAR FETES
ELEGANT RECEPTION COSTUMES-LUXU
RIES IN FRENCH BON-BONS—WONDROUB
EXHIBITIONS FOR THE HOLIDAYS—GIFTS
TO BUY AND WHERE TO BUY THEM.
We live to hoar again the merry Christmas chimes and
tho sweet old story of the coming of the Christ child—
the tale that melts away the ice from hardened, worldly
hearts, and softens man, it is to be hoped, to his fellows.
The mighty shadow of His infinite peace is near, and
happy those who dwell within it. As this happiest of
months approached, a rumor was spread that business
for the holidays would be dull—money was scarce and
the trade prospect uncheering; but who that beholds
our streets thronged with bright faces, and our stores
besieged by eager purchasers, can longer believe this
prophecy Not even storms can check the spirit that
animates every household to make the Christmas season
one of rejoicing. It is chiefly the gala time of children,
and the two past weeks have been devoted by fond par
ents and friends to preparing surprises for the dear lit
tle folks. It is no trouble to think for the multitude in
cluded in this term—nothing oan be easier than to get
at thair cherished wishes, and as jolly St. Nicholas
seems to take increased pride each year in providing for
his pet proteges, the variety and quantity of his supply is
something wonderful. The present week is the festival
for his older friends, and he never ceases doing good
until the death of his friend, the Old Year, seta him
and his reindeers galloping off to the funeral. The style
of the Christmas fetes remains unchanged; the tree, with
its lights, its glitter, show and good things, is a stand
ard institution—aye, oven the antique crullers and
doughnuts, accompaniments of turkey, goose, mince
pie, cranberry tarts, etc., are hailed as gloriously as of
yore by Young America, in palace or cottage, and the
appetites which seize upon these luscious luxuries have
all the zest that distinguished the hunger of the little
Knickerbockers in times gone by. It xs a right royal
feast day, and as if the world suddenly awoke to the
consciousness that no one can well enjoy peace and com
fort with a hungry stomach, every one seems desirous
that every one elso shall be feasted. The celebration of
tho first day of the New Year, however, is no longer the
same. It is still the custom for friends and relatives to
interchange courteous visits, but the crowds of inter
lopers that formerly seemed to think they had carle
blanche to intrude upon every lady who kept “open
house,” upon the ploa of having once met with her in
society, can no longer find entrance, save to the abodes
of office-seeking politicians, whose good fortunes are
insured by popularity. The marvelous tables, loaded
with eatables, have had their day and departed. Pri
vate houses are no longer converted, for the nonce, into
public dining saloons; an excessive display in -this line
now stamps the displayist as vulgar. A glass of wine
(lemonade, if temperance advocates), or a delicate cup
of coffee or chocolate, to which may be added cake and
choice fruit, or Maillard’s rarest bon-bons, constitutes
tho refreshment a lady of taste will offer her guests;
beside, this is not shown upon a table, but brought,
after a summons, by a waiter of either sex. The dress
ing for the day continues to be a matter of special im
portance.
RECEPTION COSTUMES.
are centres of attraction at ail the modfeto. The follow
ing robes have been made to order at James McCbeeby
A Co.’s, corner of Broadway and Eleventh street:
The first is intended for a French belle of considerable
distinction, and, we doubt not, will form a toilette ex
quisite enough to have appeared at a court reunion ot
the brilliant Marie Antoinette. The corsage Pompadour,
and court train of great length, is of rich white satin,
over a petticoat of satin in the pale Duchesse blue. The
latter has three ruffles—two in white, with one of blue
between. The train is finished around the bottom with
Walteau bows, separating fan-shaped tabs in blue, de
pending from white loops: the right side turns from the
petticoat with a blue revers, and the other with a white
one. Three aprons in the same style, finished with
point lace, and festooned at the sides with bouquets;
corsage pointed in front, and a short basque behind; very
short sleeves, with point lace fall; a knot of flowers on
the left shoulder, and the neck trimmed with point.
The train is quite bouffant, and supported by a blue Wat
teau descending from the shoulders.
The second was a lovely shade of tea rose, poult de sole,
with a square corsage, round train, and triple apron, bor
dered with fringe made on the silk. The train is garni
tured with several ruffles, headed by a puff and stand
ing frills: Marie Antoinette sleeves, and finishings of
point applique.
A third, in coral and salmon colored ottoman silk, was
wonderfully effective by gas light. 'The round train and
overskirt of ooral tint were ornamented with Maltese
pointed ruffles, bordered with black lace, falling over
salmon puffs; overskirt long all around, with the excep
tion of the round apron, which terminated in a deep
black lace flounce; Pompadour corsage, filled in with
tulle, and ornamented with flowers in the two colors and
joce; salmon sashes depended from the sides festooning
ths overskirt, and meeting, not crossing, in the b&ok
under vines of delicate blossoms trailing from the waist.
An exquisite Duchesse pink satin was wreathed with
white feather bands, fleecy and purs as the new fallen
snow. A black poult ot royal quality was made with
round train and broad revers turning from the apron
width, the latter being trimmed to the knees with frills
of black lace over white puffs. High body with French
sleeves, ornamented to correspond. This costume can
not fail to win admiration —it is so modest, so rich and
in perfect accordance with refined taste.
A frail India mull now in hands, is to boa labyrinth of
embroidery and lace. A pair of white tarletons, ono
ruohed with black and white, and the other with rove
color and white, are inexpensive, yet exceedingly pretty
reception dresses.
A rose gray Irish poplin has a demi train flounced
three deep, all bound with velvet of the samp shade;
the two lower are narrow and gathered on, and the top
is wide and laid in box plaits with the upper edge bound
and stand.ng, and a large velvet button fastening each
plait; deep overskirt trimmed with extremely rich
fringe; high body, full postillion and French sleeves,
garmtured with velvet and fringe. An elegant variety
of walking suits are in stock, silk, poplin, velours, em
press cloths and cashmeres being represented in all the
season’s favorite modes. The holiday and evening silks
m their special department are of the richest descrip
tion and in every fashionable hue. Black silks are of
fered at ths lowest prices. This house now stands pre
eminent for its
LACE IMPORTATIONS.
Novelties that we have met with no where else are dis
played as holiday gifts.
The finest webs of silken tissue, traced with the most
incomparable of needlework, beautiful shawls, beauti
ful mouchoirs, collars, barbes, sets, sashes, laces by the
yard, and parasol covers, all ot which the daughters of
the mode oannot see without coveting. Flounces of lace,
once so rare that royalty alone could become their own
ers, oan be had by any republican elegante whoso caprice
may desire it, and whose purse is deep enough to satisfy
her whim. Eighty dollars per yard is the sum asked for
point lace actually worth $125; this is nearly a half yard
in depth, and is divided in lengths of six yards and an
eighth. Two superb shawls, ranking at $1,003 each, are
marked at SBOO apiece. A choice shawl, half applique
and half round point, is S3OO. Point lace evening capes
are SBS each, and lace by the yard ranges as high as $35.
These prices, however reasonable they may be for the
articles named, are for the favorites of fortune alone;
but there remains for those whoso means are moderate
bargains like the following: Parasol covers in real thread,
fine and elaborate, from sls upward; point applique
shawls, $55, and these, let us suggest, will drape into
very pretty overskirts; real Valenciennes sets from $4 50
up; point applfque sets, $5 00 up; Llama sashes, $3 50to
$8 00 apiece, and varieties of collars, barbes and hand
kerchiefs, quite within the reach of even limited funds.
We wonder how many happy beauties will wake up
Christmas morn to the possession of the special sets of
point lace which have been the gems of the season!
Each box contains a handkerchief, barbe, fan cover and
collar to match.
FURS
are usually among good St. Nick’s favorite souvenirs, and
the quantity, quality and variety which have this year
appeared in the market, has never been equaled. The
taste for luxury which fashion introduced to our
democratic country has grown with its years until our
grande dames are now known to be unrivaled for extrava
gance.
Every thing once esteemed unapproachable now su
cumbs to the great, irresistible demand, and in catering
for popular taste, this establishment is permitted to be
second to none. This same demand has forced prices
into an equally popular channel.
The stately Russian sablo, fit to grace an Empress’
robe of state, is shown upon Mr. McCreery’s fur counter
for S3OO per set—a fashionable set of dress furs now only
including a muff and boa. A Russian sable set, made of
tips, to speak in the vernacular, can be had for SSO.
A mink set, the darkest we have ever seen,, is SIOO. A
set of silver fox, a marvelously fur, is S2OO,
and the rarest of the rare, incomparably soft and rich,
of which but four or five sets are ever introduced in a
season, is the sea otter, at $250 to $350, for boa and muff.
Seal skin seta have a cap, in addition, for S3O to SSO.
Alaska sable is S3O; its appearance is rich enough to
warrant a much higher figure, according to the usual
caprices of fashion. Lynx, long buried in the dust of
the past, and which our mothers remember as an ac
quaintance in the huge muffs, at once our wonder and
amusement, has been revived for matrons in the now
accepted style, and surprises us by its appropriate quiet
elegance. The price is very moderate—s2s. Ermine,
the beauty par excellence for evening, is $35, upward.
For little folks, white coney, squirrel, ermine, and Per
sian lamb are used according to taste. Fur capes are
obsolete. Fur trimmings are much m vogue, especially
seal skin and Alaska sable.
For sleighingfiand shopping costume, seal skin bas
quines or loose sacks are worn. The former display a
new.idea in trimmings ot beaver or mink. The domestic
departments are perfect in their several lines. Table
damasks, napkins, doylies,, towelings, and counterpanes,
elegant dress goods for suits and house wear, cloaks,
polonaise, shawls, linen sets, ladies’ neckwear, and tidie?,
both’ in Applique and Nottingham laces, curtains, em
broideries, and hosiery, customers will find at reduced
terms for the present week.
KRISS KRINGLE, JUBILANT AND JOVIAL,
has crowned Macy, the toy king of Gotham. We sup
pose because Mr. Macy fitted up so extensive and suit
able an cstabliahment, and worked so zealously in his
cause he oould not find heart to do otherwise than hold
here, at the famous emporium, corner of Sixth avenue
and Fourteenth street, his wondrous Christmas levee.
The marvelous show, tho throngs of admirers, the
bustle, sensation and excitement will be continued
during the present week with all the gayoty that has
distinguished it for the previous days of December. It
is almost bqyeud description, almost beyond the power
of imagination, and a scene that once beheld will never
be forgotten. The harvest time of toys may be said to
have ended by the date this gossip will reach our read
ers, but our gorgeousnsm for the New Year is without
comparison. Accompanied by a. guide wo approach the
department of
FRENCH BRONZES.
Among the ftuporb oaats designed for centre mantel
i nruamauta. eg to orowrt ftU aatVA’iq 'J(»de.f-iil, Inheld
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
group of goddesses teaching the youthful Bacchus to
drink wine.
A second represents the stalwart St. George in his
terrible combat with the dragon. Here are Florentino
vases four feet in bight, nymphs, fawns, satyrs, dainty
peasants, charming lovers, and graceful animals. This
collection is very large, and remarkable for beauty. A
case of Vienna bronzes contains some of the rarest
specimens of this manufacture. The most peculiar is
an elaborate stand supporting a book, which opened
reveals four frames for miniatures; the whole stands
about eighteen inches high.
A glove and jewel casket have crystal sides framed in
bronze. Ornaments, and useful articles of every de
scription popular in this material, meet us here. An ex
quisite assortment of fans allure the eye, and delight the
most fastidious taste. Silk, with gilt sticks, sandal
wood and ebony, are ordinary modes, while extrava
gance may indulge to the “top of its bent” in satin,
painted a la Watteau, satin embroidered, and satin hid
ing, in point lace, framed in the most exquisitely carved
ivory and pearl. Solid pearl, ivory, or tortoisa-shell, are
also represented. The glow and glitter of
SILVER WARE,
In the prevailing modes, is perfectly dazzling; the Pa
risian bonbon boxes, of loveliest conception, are count
less; jewel caskets, glove boxes, and handkerchief cases
are wondrously wrought of wood, satin, velvet, or silk,
framed in Vienna bronze. Russia leather goods in
abundant variety, fine chromos, laces, embroideries,
handkerchiefs, Roman sashes, of all widths, umbrellas,
and the admired Froment” kid glove afford a wide field
from which to choose a holiday offering. In all the arti
cles mentioned, Mr. Macy exhibits stock of his own im
portation that in quality and style cannot be exceeded.
He has humored a fine taste to the most lavish expendi
tures, as will be seen from a statement with respect to
to the price of one grade of fans, which ranges from $5 0
to S7O a piece.
THREE BRILLIANT COSTUMES,
designed for New Year’s Day, have been completed at
Wilson Gbeig’s, No. 771 Broadway, while many more
are ret in the work-room awaiting the finishing touches
to render them equally faultless.
One is of cherry-colored silk, with an overdress and
flounce of white Brussels net, embroidered elaborately
in white floss silk.
Another is composed of a round train in white bro
cade, with a deep tunic and pointed corsage of spotted
silk. The tunic is vandyked, and bound with black vel
vet. Low, square neok and short, puffed sleeves, finished
with black velvet and point lace. The tunic is made
quite bouffant at the back, and displays the underskirt in
front, like a court train.
The third is in white silk, garnitured with tulle ruch
ings around the train, and triple apron. Graceful knots
of scarlet velvet appear at intervals; Pompadour cor
sage and Marie Antoinette sleeve*. Tulle, lace, and
scarlet shoulder-knots compose the ornamentation.
Yet another grande toilette is of Duchesse green poult de
soie; round train, with three deep kilt plaitings, high
body, and French sleeves, decorated with white applique
and Watteau bovrs.
The embroidered camel’s hair suits here displayed are
very distinguished; they appear in the rich cloth colors
now established favorites for street wear.
Abnold, Constable Co., corner of Broadway and
Nineteenth street, have made special openings for the
holiday trade in rich evening dresses and lace goods.
The stock of this house enjoys the high reputation with
first-class patrons of being irreproachable. An ex
tremely fine line of dress materials, furs, curtains, car
pets, sleighing appurtenances and domestics elicit ad
miration at present writing.
Mr. Meabes, corner of Sixth avenue and Nineteenth
street, has met with unbounded success in his endeavors
to draw patronage for the holidays; he has gathered
into his establishment such multitudinous
DELIGHTS FOR YOUNG AND OLD,
that the desire to contribute his share to the general
festival cannot be disputed. Throngs of happy peonla
come to see, and go again the possessors of choice dry
goods, knick-knacks, fancy wares, and toys which are to
bring smiles of joy and content into their homes.
Ladies are advised to do their shopping here in the
morning, if they wish to avoid the crowd and hurried
business of the afternoon. Kind attention is universally
bestowed, and the store will be kept open evenings un
til next Saturday. Specialties are shown in ladies neok
wear, scarfs, sashes, and laces, and useful presents for
gentlemen can be selected from gloves, suspenders, ties,
ready-made shirts, hosiery and umbrellas.
W. K. Peyton, with true business tact, has secured
a bankrupt stock, which he is enabled to offer at a sur
prisingly low mark. When the boys and girls have re
covered from
THE JOYFUL SURPRISES
bestowed in the shape of toys, games, books, and can
dies, they are no less grateful when a second for the
New Year is planned, than their seniors. Now Peyton
has provided his headquarters, which by the way, are at
Nos. 272 and 274 Bowery, with tasteful mementoes in the
shape of braided Melton cloth suits, which are at once
cheap and desirable. Ladies cloth and velvet suits are
worthy of inspection. A full dross of fancy colored silk
is offered at $lB 75, likewise black silk at sl7 50, full
pattern. Irish poplin for $22 60. French poplin for
$lO 75. French satine for $6 00, and other styles at
equally moderate rates. Fine Paris camels-hair and
broche shawls are reduced for this week.
D. O’Sullivan Co., No. 900 Broadway, corner of
Twentieth street, are
CLOSING OUT THEIR WINTER STOCK,
and consequently making great sacrifices in prices. The
chief seosonable attractions are costumes laces, gloves,
cloaks, embroideries, infanta’ outfit including baskets,
hats, and cloaks, and a fine variety of organdy even
ing goods.
Brodie, of No. 925 Broadway, is distinguished for the
style and elegance of cloaks and suits. The most
piquante ot breakfast jackets and opera cloaks, will be
found here. Opera cloaks are n longer worn indoors at
fashionable gatherings, but our belles consider them
quite indispensable as accompaniments to and from
their destinations; no pains has been spared to secure
the lightest, warmest, most convenient and positively
the loveliest. Our friends who are unfortunately doomed
to
MOURNING COSTUMES
at this festal per io J, can be supplied at Jackson’s, cor
ner of Broadway and Waverly Place. This being the
particular lino of business at this house, everything new,
modish, and desirable is kept in stock. Large lines of
cheap dress goods are being continually opened; the
present week displays alapacas from 35 cents per yard,
upward.
A holiday exhibition of millinery and furs, at the low
est prices, can be seen at L. Binns’ No. 617 Broadway.
Johnson, Burns Co., Nos. 34 and 36 East Four
teenth street, have made 50 per cent reduction for the
season’s trade upon millinery and dress trimmings.
Novelties in fancy goods of all descriptions, are draw
ing large custom. The
HERZ SEAMLESS KID GLOVE
is celebrated with our elegantes for beauty, durability,
and cheapness. A retail department has been opened
at No. 761 Broadway, where every mode and color in
vogue can be procured.
J. S. Colby received a special invoice of holiday goods
at his establishment No. 32 East Fourteenth street.
Paniers, as every fashionable acknowledges, are now
quite indispensable to the effect of a distingui toilet.
Mr. Colby exhibits the latest modes worn abroad, which
are known as “Xu Seine Margot" and the “Lady of
Lorn.”
Mme. Van Dusen, No. 12 Easl Fourteenth street, is
disposing of a handsome line of cloth and velvet cloaks
and appropriate costu mes,. .at reduced terms.
At Oscab Edler’s, No. 929 Broadway, we ?ound an
extensive variety of ladies’. gent’s, misses, and children’s
kid gloves. This house is a branch of the famous Mai
son CheiHey, in the Rue de la Paix, Paris.
No more elegant novelty has ever been introduced to
our fastidious beau monde in furs, than Boosa’ beautiful
“Zeffant muff.” It is made of the most exquisite soft,
dark mink or sable, with long boa or stylish collar to
match. Tho special object in its design seems to bo the
insuring of luxurious comfort. The lining is of fur, ar
ranged to receive tho
DAINTY WHITE HANDS
that seek to nestle within it, like a pair of gloves. Once
seen, it cannot fail to enchant. Mr. Boos* is the only
maker. In accordance with his usual custom, his retail
department has been opened for sixty days at No. .449
Broadway, during which term bargains may bo had in
ladies’ fashionable sets and sacques, gent’s furs, sleigh
ing robes of all descriptions, and fur trimmings.
FRENCH BON-BONS.
No class of goods will receive greater distribution dur
ing the holidays than the celebrated French confection
ery which Monsieur Henry Maillard, of Nos. 619 and
621 Broadway, also No. 50 East Fourteenth street, has
had tho pleasure of presenting to this country. Every
year beholds an increasing demand with us for this deli
cious manufacture, alike transporting to the palates of,
adults and children. Enter these realms of honeyed
sweets and you find that which is enchanting to the
taste is marvelously beautiful to the eye. Many of the
nouveauve's invented for the current season’s delight,
have never been equaled in thej viafow of la belle
France during her palmiest days. First the colors
pale salmon, deep maize, lavender, pistache,
green, rose, peach blossom, chocolate, ruby, snow
white, straw color, all glittering with crystal, as
if incrusted with diamonds; in some arc buried rare
fruits, almonds, and quivering jellies, while others con
tain flavors so delicate, so exquisite, that their compari
son is only found in the bewildering odors of Lubin. Le
bonbons Nilsson, Grand Due Alexis, and le Delices princiers,
are but three varieties out of Mr. Maillard’s long list
that are ravishingly luscious. His manufactures in
fancy cakes— Entremets for dessert, creams, Charlotte
Russe, centre pieces, bridal, and New Year cakes—are
numerous and unexcelled.. His large importations of
fancy boxes, porsonally selected, have annually won the
admiration and patronage of the public; and this yeur
proves no exception to the rule. The most elegant of
the collection are of leather, choice wood, velvet, or
Eatin, painted a la Watteau, and richly Tnounted in
bronze, gilt, ivory, ebony, or pearl. These precious
bqous have met with great popularity in New York, and
our beauties are often the recipients of mementoes of
this description, as costly and distingue as the sc-uvenirs
from which princesses receive their bonbons.
William H. Gibson, of No. 833 Broadway, has ren
dered himself famous for American and Fre\tph confec
tioneries; an elegant assortment of imputed boxes,
and the comicalities which lend to the merriment of
this jubilant period, graces his show-room. Fairs and
festivals are offered special inducements for custom.
J. D< Gilmob, of No. 205 has pre
pared a large and varied assortment af cakes as 4. con
fectionery expressly for the He has given es
pecial attention to the making of elegantly ornamented,
plum, citron, almond, pound, ax;d hickory-nut cakes.
To our masculine readers, stiy puzzling over their ip-,
tended, but not decided rem,emb’raiice for the home an
gels, whose chief pleasure is found in ministering to
their comfort, we will hint that a new carpet, a new set
of furniture, or some Heeled article under this category,
always proves a r.elcome offering. There is. no better
place in town, no dealer more worthy of patronage,
than Mr. D. 'Kelly, successor to O’Farrell, at Nos. 512
to 516 Eighth avenue, and Nos. 267 tc 271 West Thirty
fifth As will bo seen by the extent of numbers
that this establishment covers, it is very large, and we
tho publiQ that it MBt-qinß qrs of tho bast,
varied, and most serviceable stock of goods in the me
tropolis. A reduction of ten per cent..has been made
on prices already popular. In velvet, Brussels, Axmin
ster, Moquette. three-ply, and other carpets, as well as
all styles of oil cloths, rugs, mats, Ac., parlor, library,
chamber, and dining-room furniture, the latest modes
and most durable goods, are offered throughout the
year. The holiday Inducements stamp the proprietor as
one of the most deserving of general custom. He is
sensible of
THE PEOPLE’S WANTS AND TASTES,
and no expense or care is withheld to answer all de
mands. His friends are legion, and may their shadow
never grow less,” but daily increase.
Dealt Cunningham have made quite a sensation
with their low cash pricos for furniture, carpets, oil
cloths, bedding, etc. Their well-known salesrooms, Nos.
384 and 386 Third avenue, is the resort of throngs of well
satisfied purchasers.
Ten months credit is the surprising announcement
which Kelly Co., corner of Twenty-fifth street and
Sixth avenue, have recently circulated.. In addition to
this, this firm are noted for displaying a large and ex
tensive line of carpets and furniture, suitable for popu
lar trade.
The past week has been a busy one among the
lovers of the “light fantastic,” a great many fash
ionable and sociable re-unions having taken place.
The most prominent among the
BALLS WHICH HAVE TAKEN PLACE
was the J. P. Solomon Association.
One of the most select and enjoyable entertain
ments we have for some time bsen called upon to
attend, was the first invitation ball of the above
named Association at Irving Hall on Sunday last.
The spacious hall looked well, presenting as it did a
perfect constellation of female beauty, and a daz
zling array of elegant toilets. Special credit is due
to the officers of the various committees who devot
ed their most strenuous efforts to make this ball a
success. The following is a list of
BALLS TO TAKE PLACE.
Deo. 26—Prof. M. J. Sanaa's soiree, at Masonic Hall,
East Thirteenth street.
Deo. 26—Coach Drivers’ Benevolent Protective Socie
ty, No. 1, at Apollo Hall.
Dea. 27—Michael Norton Association, at Apollo Hall.
Dec. 27—Clinton Muokateers, at Now York Assembly
Rooms.
Dec. 28—Star Council, No. 49, O. U. A. M., of Hoboken,
at Irving Hall.
Deo. 29—Complimentary Ball to the widow of the late
Prof. Samuel Jones, at Military Hall, No.
193 Bowery.
Jan. 3—H Company, Ninth Regiment, N. G. 8. N. Y.,
at Apollo Hall
Jan. 9—Joseph Dowling Hop, at Academy of Music.
Jan. 11—N. Y, Caledonian Club, at Academy of Musio.
Jan. 16—M. T. Brennan Coterie, at Academy of
Music.
Jen. 22—Young Men's Association, at Academy of
Musio.
Of the above list the principal are the following:
MICHAEL NORTON ASSOCIATION.
The third annual ball of this association will take
place at Apollo Hall, on Wednesday next. The
members of this association are nearly all young,
energetic men of a decidedly social complexion,
and as they are straining every nerve to make this
ball eclipse its predecessors, a good j.ovial time may
be anticipated. The musio will be by Grafulla’s
band, and what further need be said that in any way
could give greater gratification to the lovers of a
comfortable dance.
COMPLIMENTARY BALL TO THE WIDOW OF
PROF. SAMUEL JONES.
The pupilsand friends of the late Professor Sam
uel Jones, have resolved to give a complimentary
ball in aid of his widow, at Military Hall, No. 193
Bowery. We are always glad to lend all the assist
ance in our power to promote the,success of such
objects as the above. From the large circle of ac
quaintances in which the late Professor was known
and esteemed, we feel assured the ball to be given on
Friday will be a most enjoyable one. The hall is in
every way adapted for the purpose, and we are satis
fied that the object for which the ball is to be given,
requires only to be known to ensure a large attend
ance.
JOSEPH DOWLING HOP.
The members of the Joseph Dowling Association
have resolved upon giving their annual “hop” at
the Academy of Music, on the 9th of January next.
The judge, of wonderful memory, is so well-known,
and so highly esteemed in all classes of society, that
the attendance is sure to be numerous, and, as the
members of the association are all gentlemen occu
pying high social positions in New York society, the
participants in this social reunion will represent the
elite and fashion of New York. As the ball does not
take place till the 9th prox., we will take occasion to
call the attention of our readers to it again.
NEW YORK CALEDONIAN CLUB.
The members of this well-known and de served! y
popular association will give their animal ball at the
Academy of Music, on the 11th of January. For
many years, the ball of the New Fork Caledonian
Club has been looked forward to for months prior
to its taking place, by a large number; not only of
our naturalized, but our native born fellow citizens,
with eager anticipation of delight. Being essen
tially a social affair, and perfectly free from political
feeling of every kind, it is generally regarded as the
“family ball” of the season. The genial and hearty
character of our Scottish American citizens is never
seen to greater advantage than at these gatherings,
at which every one with the least claim to descent
from Bruce or Wallace (not the bandmaster) is sure
to be present. The committee on the present occa
sion are active and energetic, and have resolved
upon making the present ball an innovation upon
former practice. They have, therefore, made this
an invitation ball, to be given at the Academy oi
Music.
YOUNG MEN’S ASSOCIATION.
The fifteenth annual ball of this assosiation will
take place at the Academy of Music, on the 22d of
January next. As will be seen on reference to our
advertising columns, the object for which this ball
is given is a charitable one, and one, therefore,
which ought to commend itself to tbe good wishes
and hearty assistance of all class©*, without distinc
tion. Hitherto this ball has invariably proved suc
cessful, of which the handsome donations handed
over to the Orphan Asylum by the Association are
the best proof; and we sincerely beg the cordial
sympathy and support of our readers to its excellent
object. We will have much pleasure in again allud
ing to it before it takes place.
REFEREE DIVOBCES.
NEW YORK RIVALING INDIANA.
The Iniquities of the Referee System-
Poor Wives Divorced, from their Hus
bands without their Knowledge— Legis
lative Interference Necessary.
The obtaining of divorces In this city “without
publication is carried on very extensively. The
law passed by the. Legislature of the State which
leaves it optional with the parties interested to choose
whether they appeal to the courts and have the mer
its of their complaints discussed openly and before
a jury, or they, desiring that nothing shall' be said
about it in the public prints, apply through their
counsel to a judge for a divorce upon the ground set
form in their written affidavits, the judge turns the
whole matter over to a referee, selected by the judge
himself, who, after hearing the evidence on both
sides, returns his decision to the judge who appoint
ed him, either for or against, as the circumstances
and wionq/ in the case may influence him. 11 is a
great
POWER WHICH THE REFEREE WIELDS,
and referees who are always lawyers are but mortals,
and are therefore subject to influences which affect
other men. Beside, the responsibility is not nearly
so great upon the referee as it is upon the judge. A
'case before the judge is conducted openly. Before
the referee no one knows anything about it except
the principals to the suit, the lawyers and the wit
nesses.
Notwithstanding the kindly and benevolent motive
.which our representatives in the Assembly had when
they passed the law, it is subject to imposition and
fraud. &To illustrate’: A man desires to obtain a di
vorce from his wife. He is tired of her, or what is
of most frequent occurrence, he sees some other
woman whom he likes much better, and whom
he wishes to marry, and would J marry if he were
only free from his wife. He institutes a suit for a
divorce upon the ground of adultery. She is not
guilty of the charge; but he can easily get persons
for a consideration to swear that she is. The judge
to whom the application is made, refers the matter
to a referee.
THE HUSBAND “SEES” THE REFEREE,
intimating how he wants the decision to he ren
dered. The money is accepted as referee’s fees, and
the decision is given in the husband’s favor. The
husband soon after obtains his divorce,, the poor,
abused, heart broken wife, is thrown upon her own.
resources for subsistence, and he marries the new.
object of his unholy passion. These things are done
every week in this city, and the public are none the
wiser.
Talk about the number of divorces Obtained in
Indiana and Illinois, they are more numerous
than they are in this city.
There are numbers of lawyers in this ciiy whose
business as referees is almost their
SOLE PROFESSIONAL OCCUPATION,
and who make a fortune yearly out of husbands who
are tired of their wives, and wives who have met
a new affinity.” Whether the judges receive a
share of the fees is another thing. It is
often hinted that they do* The whole* business as
now conducted is repr&h&naihle, and some reform
should be dey'ased by the men who take their seats
in the Capitol building at, Albany this Winter. The
only way is to go back to public trial for divorce.
Then. 'ihd frauds, cannot ba perpetrated as at press:.!.
Publicity is the honest Wives and

THE RING THIEVES.
MUCH IN EXPECTANCY—LITTLE ACTUALLY
YET DONE IN A PUBLIC WAY—“BOSS”
TWEED VISITS THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
There seems to be somewhat of a lull in the war
on the thieves of the Ring, so far as the startling
acts of the great public drama are concerned. The
arrests of Tweed and Connolly, and the knowledge
that the grand jury had asked to have their term ex
tended, and their request being granted, made it al
most certain that new and startling developments
might soon be expected. For the last two or three
days the town has been agog to catch the slightest
whisper with reference to the coming'* sensation.
Thus far their expectancy has not been satisfied
with anything definite, although rumor is still busy
with the doings of those most strongly suspected,
CONNOLLY’S PROPERTY ATTACHED.
About the only thing definite is an attachment
issued by Judge Cardozo against Richard B. Con
nolly’s property, at the suit of Patrick Carroll, late
Superintendent of Markets. This suit is brought to
recover $14,000, the value of meat, fish, poultry, etc.,
Xirnished from time to time to Connolly by the
complainant, the period extending over three or four
years. He alleges that he allowed the bill to accu
mulate because the Controller desired it, and be
cause the complainant supposed him to be a respon
sible man. There are many, however, who believe
that had Mr. Connolly retained his former com
manding position in politics, and had Mr. Carroll
been retained as Superintendent of Markets that the
bill never would have been presented.
TWO ALLEGED DEPARTURES.
It is positively asserted that Peter B. Sweeney has
gone to Toronto, because he believed the injunction
of Judge Pratt would be dissolved, and the letters of
James Fisk, Jr., to Mrs. Josephine Lawlor Mansfield,
involving Sweeney and a large number of others in
various disgraceful transactions, would be made
public.
Cornelius Corson, late of the New York Printing
Company, the Transcript, Chief of the Bureau of
Elections, and champion sinecurist generally, is also
missing, and there are not wanting those who are
willing to wager that he is now in Canada. Certain
ly he could not be found in this city either yesterday
or on Friday.
TWEED’S MOVEMENTS.
William M. Tweed and his son, William M., Jr.,
yesterday visited the office of his counsel, John
Graham, and the party then drove to the office of
the District Attorney- They remained there for
nearly an hour and then departed, Tweed, Sr., car
rying a bundle of official papers It was conjectured
that the visit might have had something to do with
the subject of bail, but the officials were very reti
cent on the subject. It was noticeable that Tweed
did not bear himself with the jaunty ai» of olden
days. His troubles are visibly wearing on him.
THE REYNOLDS CONSPIRACY.
TRIAL OF MRS. REYNOLDS AND DAUGHTER
FOR ASSAULT—TESTIMONY FOR THE PROSE
CUTION—THE CASE ADJOURNED.
At a trial of Special Sessions, held the 23d day of
December, 1871, before Judge Lynch, of the Sixth
District Court, City of Brooklyn, wherein Elizabeth
Reynolds, wife of, and Rosanna Reynolds, daughter
of Michael Reynolds, jointly charged with one James
McManus, for striking, taking a violent hold of, and
otherwise abusing Michael Reynolds, since deceased,
and at the time of alleged assault being in very deli
cate health, the following testimony was taken,
Charles 8. Spencer, Esq., appearing for the prosecu
tion
John Diamond, residing in Fourth street. New
York City, first witness sworn, testified that on the
271 h day of November, 1871, Rosanna Reynolds,
daughter of Michael Reynolds, struck Michael Rey
nolds several times on the arm, to compel him to re
lease his hold of a coach which he was attempting to
enter: that she, jointly with her mother, Elizabeth
Reynolds, and James McManus, took a violent hold
of said Michael Reynolds, and pushed him away
from the coach, against his will and protestations.
John McArdle* residing in Avenue D, New York
city, next being sworn, corroborated the testimony
of the previous witness in each and every particu
lar.
Edward Hare, residing in Avenue C, New York
city, next witness sworn: Corroborated the same.
William McGinnis, coach driver, residing in
Fourth street, New York city, the next witness sworn,
testified that he saw Rosanna striking her father on
the arm with her hand, which she had clenched,
holding apparently to him something—that he saw
Elizabeth Reynolds, Rosanna and James McManus
pulling and tugging with Miohael Reynolds, attempt
ing to pull him away from witness’s coach, and that
Michael Reynolds resisted and refused to go with
them, entreating them to leave him and not molest
him.-
Thomas Lyons, residing in Houston street, New
York city, next witness being sworn: Corroborated
the testimony of the previous witness, adding that
when Rosanna Reynolds struck her father on the
arm she had a stone in her hand.
Defendants were not ready to proceed with their
defense, and Mr. Spencer agreed to adjourn to any
reasonable time. They requested to have the case
adjourned to the eighth day of January 1872, at one
o’clock in the afternoon, and it was so adjourned.
EIRE IN HESTER STREET.
LIST OF THE LOSSES AND INSURANCES.
A fire broke out early yesterday, on the fifth floor
of No. 175 Hester street, occupied by Book, Schnei
der Co., manufacturers of parlor matches.. They
also occupy the fifth floors of Nos. 177 and 179, and
the fourth floor of No. 175. They have $20,000 worth
of stock there. Loss, $3,000. Insured for $9,000 by
various companies. The third floor of No. 175 was
occupied by Griscom Co., manufacturers of um
brellas. Loss on stock, $1,500. Insured. The sec
ond floor is occupied by G. H. Smith, button maker.
Loss on stock, by water, SI,OOO. The first floor is
occupied by Patrick McArdle, dealer in liquors and
ales. Loss, by water, SI,OOO. Insured. The first
floors of Nos. 177 and 179 are occupied by A. Gruen
ing, manufacturers of prepared mustard. Loss on
stock, by water, SSOO. Insured, The second, third,
and fourth floors of Nos. 177 and 179 are occupied by
A. Steinam, quilt manufacturer. Loss, by water,
SSOO. Insured for $6,000. The buildings are owned
by S. T. Meyer, and are damaged $3,000. Insured
for §24,000. Tho origin of the fire is unknown,
EXTENSIVE FIRE.
THREE BUILDINGS DAMAGED AND DESTROYED
IN WEST FIFTY-FIRST STREET.
A fire broke out early yesterday in a smoke, house
in the rear of No. 502 West Fifty-first street, owned
by William Suprecht, provision dealer, and it was
destroyed. Loss, $1,000; fully insured. The two
story frame building, No. 502, front, was consider
ably damaged. Insured. George Reschlan’s frame
blacksmith shop, in the rear, was also destroyed.
Loss, $500; insured. John C. Kobbe’s stable, in the
rear of No. 504, was damaged $200; insured. The
adjoining buildings were slightly damaged. The
fire probably originated from the meat igniting from
the fire beneath, used for smoking the meat,
A Young Man Charged with For
gery.— Harry W. Andress, aged twenty, late of Cin
cinnati, was yesterday arrested by Detectives Tilly
and Tully, for having given a forged check for S2OO,
in payment for his board at the St. Charles Hotel.
Andress forged a promissory note in the name of
Mrs. Sarah Bowers, of Tremont, and presented it to
William H. Fogg, of No. 32 Burling street. Instead
of paying the cash, he gave a check for the amount
drawn on the National Park Bank, to the order of
Mrs. Bowers, He forged her endorsement of tho
check, and gave it in payment of his board. The
accused comes .of a very good family, and an effort
will probably be made to compromise the matter,
He was locked up at police headquarters.
The Case of the Ballet Girls.—
The case of Mrs. Van Bunakirk, of No. 42 Rond
street, who was charged with ejecting seven, ballet
girls, employed in the “Black Crook” at NiblsPs
Theatre, from her house at. No. 42 Bond street,, came
up yesterday at the Tombs for examination before
Justice Hogan. The girls, in their affidavits, de
clared also that certain small articles and small
amount of money was missing, Mrs.,Van Baskirk’s
counsel waived an examination. She protested her
Innocence of the charge of theft, and declared that it
was.owing to the ou&ageous and unbearable conduct
of the girls that she ejected them. The further ex
amination was adjourned to Tuesday,
Election of Officers.—OnWednes
day evening, Dec.. 18th, the Nicholas Muller Club,, of
the First Ward, held an election, for officers of the
club for the ensuing year,, and. the following gentle
men were chosen: President, Daniel Kennedyx Vice-
President, James McCauley; Recording Secretary,
Nicholas F. Cornely; Financial Secretary, Richard
A. Barton; Treasurer, Henry M. Ahrens; Executive
Committee, John Leary, James P. «Burns, Edward
Butler, Herman W. Repper, and Aubert Nelson, This
club is very prosperous, and daily grows in numbers
and influence.
Death of a Prominent Physician.—
The funeral of Dr. Gibbs, of the town oi Union, N.
J„ took place yesterday- afternoon from the Dutch
Reformed Church, Jte-v. Dr. Maylin. After a sermon
by the pastor, the Masonic services were, performed
by Mystic Tie Lodge, of which deceased was a mem
ber. The doctor’s death was from pneumonia, after
three days’ illness; but the indirect cause is attrib
uted tq over-exertion, he having, beside. pther pa
tWs, son>e forty 9*9o* Qi gmalbpok undsr hl»
ohargs,
THE INTERNA.TIGN HW.:
FORMATION OF THE FIFTH -DISTRICT SEC
TION.
A mooting was held at No. 129: Spring street, o»
Friday evening, for the purpose oi forming a section
of tho International Workingmen’s Association,
Emile D. Francois presided, and Carl J. Herbold
actod as secretary. The following resolutions weri
read and adopted
Resolved, That we tho undersigned believing thi
principles of the International to be tho only pana
cea for the evils under which the proliateriate of ail
countries is laboring, and seeing the necessity of an
English speaking section in this, vicinity, hereby
pledge ourselves to the support of tho principles
set forth by tho Warious congresses of the Interna
tional held in Europe, and
Resolved, That we exert our whole strength to
make this section successful, and hereby cordially
invito ail persons irrespective of race, color or sax,
to join us in this movement and enroll their names.
Citizen Gabriel was elected Treasurer. A Com
mittee of three was appointed to procure cards ad
vertising the. meeting. It was moved by Mr. Mc-
Gregor that a debate be opened next Friday, Dec.
29th, subject matter to be “the International and
its bearing on American politics,” carried.
After some business relative to the organization*
had been hurried through, the meeting adjourned,
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION OF G/IS.
THE UPPER PART OF THE CITY IN DARK
NESS-NARROW ESCAPE OF SEVERAL WORK
MEN.
At 6 o’clock P. M., yesterday, the gas -in the
purifying house of the Metropolitan Gaslight
Company, in the centre of the block In Forty
second street, between Eleventh and Twelfth avo
nues, exploded with a terrific report,
SHATTERING THE BUILDING,
shaking others in the vicinity, and making a general
wreck. Tho windows in the tenements for a block
around were broken, and the entire upper part of th®
city was at once enveloped in darkness. The most
intense excitement was created for a time,- but few
persons being aware of the actual cause of the sud
den extinguishment of light, while those who heard
the explosion imagined the disaster to be much,
greater than it subsequently proved to be.
It was at first believed that there had been a very
serious loss of life, but this proved to bo incorrect.
The only wonder, seeing the extent of the .wreck, la
that there were not many lives lost. Tho hour al
which the disaster occurred may account in part foi
this, as most of the laborers were absent at supper.
So far as can be ascertained,
THE ONLY PERSON SEVERELY INJURED
was a laborer named Patrick McGrath, who was oul
about the head, and somewhat injured. Search waa
mado among the ruins, but no bodies wore found,
and it is almost certain that tho only ono badly in
jured was McGrath.
Tne upper part of the building was. completely
riddled and torn into fragments. The force of the
explosion seemed to be directed upward. Tho loss
to the Gas Company is estimated at $30,000. Ths
losses on other property will amount probably to
$2,500.
After two hours of darkness, the damage was par
tially repaired, and that portion of the city served by
the Metropolitan Company was again illuminated,
and penny dips and kerosone were again at a dis
count.
Minor Items —Ann Mulligan, aged
50, of No. 416 West Twenty-sixth street, diod sudden
ly yesterday.
Samuel Blanchard, colored, aged 40 years, died
suddenly yesterday, at No. 22 Clark street.
During the past week there have been in this oity
148 marriages and 440 births.
Car No. 34. of the Eighth avenue line, yesterday
ran against a coal cart at Hudson and Morton streets,
and Fuller, aged 17, of No. 767 Washington
street, who was riding on the front platform, wai
seriously injured.
Louisa Schraft, aged 1 year, died suddenly yester
day, at No. 203 East Fourth street.
The Weather.—No subject created
such universal condemnation yesterday as tho wea
ther. Even those who have been pitching into
Tweed and the Ring, Tom Murphy, and other objects
of public contempt, were forgotten for a few hours,
and Mr. Brown, the healthy street contractor and
the weather, were denounced in language mors
terse than elegant The streets were in a condition
all day of the sloppiest, and the ladies who wcr®
compelled to be out did not look radiant with smiles.
Were this oity the habitation of many Frenchman,
we’d have innumerable suicides to record.
An Old Confidence Operator Set
tled.—John Rescue, one of the oldest confidence
operators in the city, was, yesterday, arrested by
Officer Freeman, of the Twenty-sixth Precinct.
Three weeks ago the prisoner met John Nelson,
living in the interior of the State, at tho Naw Haven
depot, at Twenty-seventh street, and by means of the
bogus gold game succeeded in swindling him out of
S7O. There are several other cases against the
rascaL He was, yesterday afternoon, taken before
Justice Hogan, at the Tombs, and on tho complaint
of Mr. Nelson was fully committed to await a trial.
Fell Dead in the Bowery.—Coro
ner Herrmann held an inquest yesterday in the case
of the man who was found, on Friday evening, dead
on the walk in front of No. 9 Bowery. Deceased was
recognized as Henry Hufnagle, a German tailor, late
ly living in Third avenue, near Seventeenth street,
and was on his way home when he fell dead from
disease of the heart.
Supposed to Have Taken Poison.—
Last evening, Annie Scott, aged thirty-five years,
was found sick in one of the Seventh avenue cars,
on its arrival at the depot at Fifty-third street. Sha
was removed to the. West Forty-seventh street polled
station, and two physicians summoned, who wer®
of the opinion that she had taken poison. She waa
removed to the Reception Hospital.
Another Death from Abortion.—
Catharine Cahill, the young Irish woman, who was.
removed on Friday from No. 22 Pike street to Bella*
vue Hospital, supposed to be suffering from th®
effect of an abortion, early yesterday gave birth to an
eight months’.child. She herself died soon after
ward, She refused to tell anything concerning th®
affair, although several times questioned before,.
death.
Columbia Yacht Club.—At. Lba
annual election of the Columbia Yacht Club, held ou
Tuesday evening, the 19th Inst., at the club-.hQ.uso,
foot of West Fifty-seventh street, the following
officers were elected for the ensuing year Joseph
Nobles,. Commodore; Robert McQuinny, VicetCom
modore; George W. Brink, Secretary; C. M, Arm
strong, Treasurer; John Smith, Steward; R. V.Free
man, Measurer.
Fatal Fall Down Stairs.—Coro-
ner Herrmann held an inquest yesterday in,the casa
of Patrick Garvey, aged 38 years, who was found on
Friday evening lying insensible at the foot of a flight
of stairs leading to his apartments in the tenement.
No. 85.6, Greenwich street, and died in a .few hour#
afterward. He is supposed to have falleq backward
down the stairs, and fractured his skull.
Nsws Dealers’ Guards.—This com
pany, composed, as the name the news
dealers of this city, go on a target.,excursion on
Christmas Day to Jackson Park, E&nter’s. Point*
The guards and their guests will undoubtedly have ft
gpodi time, for the news dealeas are- a wide-awak®
set, and understand how to enjoy, themselves and,
make their guests comfortable.
Mercantile Libbary.—The Library
od Reading Room of the MerciwHile Library will b®
open to members on Christmas and New Year
during the usual hours. This, is a good ideat, as
many of the members have np homes in whUh to
spend thesQ days.
A Collision.—Two sleighs came in
collision.yesterday, at Fifth avenue and Forty-ninth
street. Owen Casey and Boswell D. Tompkins wera
thrown; out and seriously, injured. The slaighs war®
overturned* and somewhat, damaged.
An Old Shooting Affray.—Daniel;
E. Finn, Archibald Hamilton, and Walter Kelly wer«,
admitted to bail yesterday by Justice Hogan, on ft
charge of having beer) concerned in the shooting ot
Maurice Stack, at No. 199 Washington street, on thft
Bth of November last. The attendant physiataft
nounced him out of danger.
Fatal Hatchway Casualty.—John.
Keyser, aged> twenty-nine y aars, who was Injured
nearly a month ago by falling through the hatchway
of No. Bf).Front street, where he was employed, died
early yesterday at his residence, No. 641 Washing
ton ste He was a relative of Ex-Shpriff Keys er-
Hurt by a Casting.—Patrick Lcn.
non, aged thirty, of No. 538 West Twenty-seventh
atreet, had a casting fall on him yesterday, in Cnld..
well’s foundry, at No. 556. West Twenty-seventh
street, fracturing three ribs. He was seat to Belle*
vue Hospital.
A Bad Fall.—Edward Patterson,
of Sixth street, Wißiamsburgb, a lather, yesterdajf
fell from the third story to tha cellar of the now
building, No. 733 East Tenth street, and was dan,
gerously injured. Taken to Bollova.
Sacred to His pild 6?
mud was gathered up in a heap tn Delanoey etreel
I yesterday, and in it was placed a wooden cross,
which bore the legend: “Snored to the saeBWW M
coawwtw »r?wa. UM f
5