Sunday Edition. October 22
r
MsClfown and Pantaloon, and the brothers and sisters
Kiralfy are agile and p easing Harlequins and Colum
bines. Little Jenny Yeamans, as me Giri of the
Period,” fairly takes the house by storm; rnd Herr
Willio performs some very difficult feats in an ex
tremely easy manner. The Murtons provide an en
tertainment which is at once p easing and unique,
and six encores seem scarcely to satisfy the demands
of their auditors. Their ‘‘Cat Duet” is certainly
cleverly ten lered and thorough y appreciated. The
infant prodigies, Venus and Adonis, per.orm on the
velocipede with the ease or veteran bycic lists, and
the skill which they exhibit in ihe management of
those machines is astonishing. Signor Casedi per
forms on the slack Wire as though it camo natural to
him; and the comical Parisian grotesques have cre
ated a marked sensation. “Humpty Dumpty” is
the pantomime of the period. Matinees on Wednes
day and Saturday.
1 Wood’s Museum'—“ The Octoroon” has been
produced at this theatre in a style even surpassing
.Its former production in New York, and with a cast
certainly equal to any we have seen. Mr. John L.
-Hall gives u olever and toiling impersonation of the
kind-heartod, love smitten Salem, Scudder, and Mrs.
Hall, as Zoe, has proved singularly successful. Mrs.
Hall is an actress whose every impersonation suc
geeds in pleasing, and as the persecuted, unfortunate
•cteroon, her acting is really charming. The Oc
toroon” will be continued during the present week,
and will bo followed by the romantic drama, “The
Gunmaker of Moscow.” At the matinees, the beau
tiful melodrama entitled The Gipsy Farmer” will
be presented; and, in addition, a novelty oi an as
stonishing nature will also form part of the enter
tainment.
This is nothing more or less than the appearance
5f a giant and a dwarf in the same piece. -‘Long
Brother John” will introduce Major Lang, the Ber
muda giant, and Col. Stocking, the dwarf. This
should prove a great attraction, and be productive oi
genuine and hearty fun.
On Monday, 30th, Master Percy Roselle, the cele
brated English boy actor, wilt make his first appear
ance tn the drama of The Boy Detective.”
I Bowery Theatre.—Mr. Joseph Murphy, the
celebrated protean actor and character impersonator,
made his first appearance on Monday evening in
Fred G. Maeders play ‘He u.” We have frequently
had occasion to commend Mr. Murphy’s acimg in
this piece, and at the Bowery Tuoatre during the
week our favorable opinion has been fully endorsed.
He p ays Irish, Dutch, and American characters with
like .ease, sings comic ditties with much unctuous
humor, and dances, well if not like Bonfanti, at least
in an equally amusing manner. His bones solo is
also very cleverly rendered, and his entire perform
ance exiremely amusing. The support accorded,
him is p?.r .icularly good, and the p ay is produced
with all the thrilling eeusatfonal effects, including
the great paraffin explosion scene. Mr. Murphy will
remain at tiie Bowery lor some time longer, and
during his stay the theatre is likely to bo largely pa
tronised. At the conc.usion of his engagement, an
entirely new and original iocai play. expressly written
for the establishment by Mr. Lewis F. S.o.ler, ami
entitled Searching the Depths, or the New York De
tective,” wi ibe produced. In it will be introduced
sensations thoroughly new io ths stage, and the
plot and incidents are of a most exciting nature.
Help” matinee on Saturday.
Union Square Theatre.—Emma Alford, a
most charming and accom uiisucd comedienne, has
been added to the company, and her vocal and terp
sichoreau entertainments have been favorably re
ceived. She is much more refined add pleasing hi
stylo than lady serio-comics us .tally are, and conse
quently excelientiy suited io this theatre. The peer
less Bonfanti trips it on the light fantastic toe in a
manner that must be seen to bo believed, and the
applause bestowed upon her is unlimited. The Mat
thews to increase in public estimation
but that is not to be surprised at, seeing that the r
performances are tru y wonderin'. Ashcroft a.?.d
Morton sing and dance with great acceptance, and
Fred. Foster has iacrod iced quite a new budget o
very entertaining songs. Hughoy Dougnerty’s re
marks on “Topics of the Doy” invariably produce
the heartiest laughter, and his local hits prove sin
gularly effective. Leffingweil has appeared in his
great specialty, Romeo Jaffier Jenkins,” and con
tributed materially to the success of the programme.
Mr. Leffingweil is a really good comedian, and while
on the stage never fails to excite the risibility of his
audience to an alarming extent. He was excellent y
supported by Mr, W. P. Sheiuon, Miss Howitt. Miss
Ke soy and Lizzie Wilmore, who ware each suited
with congenial parts.
To-morrow evening, John Brougham’s burlesque,
“Pocahontas,” will be presented with an excellent
cast and beautiful scenery. Powhatan will, we are
sure, have an excellent representative in Mr. M. W.
Leffingweil; Belle Howitt will make an attractive
Pocahontas; Lizzie Wilmore a fascinating Capthin
John Smith; and Lizzie Kelsey a very excellent Poo
tee-pet. Hughey Dougherty will illustrate the pow
ers of “Laughing Gas,” and Mlles. Bonfanti and
Bertha will appear in the ballet. Matinees Wednes
day and baturday.
Theatre Comique.—This popular little
house was re-opened on Monday evening, under the
management of Mr. Josh Hart, with a powerful and
carefully selected company. The Comique is now
one of the handsomest and most comfortable of our
City places of amusement, and filled as it has been
each evening since its opening, presents a gay and
pleasing appearance. Among the company are sev
eral exceedingly popular favorites, who were each on
their appearance warmly welcomed. Johnny Wild
and Larry Tooley were very amusing in the sketches
and farces in which they appeared, and the Dutch
eccentricities of the latter were as successfully ren
dered an ever. Ben Wheeler and Eliso De Courcy
rendered the sketch “Barney’s Courtship” very ac
ceptably. and proved them&eives clever actors and
vocalisis. The Carles appeared in the ballet “The
Rivals,” and Johnny Wild. Larry Tooley, James
Bradley and Master Martin, danced the Olodoche
Quadrille. Kitty O’Neil’s jig dancing was enthu
siastically a?p,auded, and Master Martin succeeded
in pleasing with Alia negro eccentricities. Master
Bennie Wheeler is one of the best juvenile cor
vocalists we have ever heard. Ho sings .and acts wlin
apparent ease, and seems likely to become a groat
favorite with the Theatre Comiquors. Lon A.
Meyers performed on three instruments at one time,
a feat waich was much applauded, and the Arabia
Brothers appeared in their acrobatic entertainmv ;l
with their usual success. Mr. C. White, m com,-.;- I
ment to Mr. Hart, appeared in the farce of “Alia:••■-.y j
Couple,” and by his excellent acting and ccrni" d
manner kept the audience in a continual roar cf I
laughter. Mr. Frank Dillon’s facial contortions
were positively repu sive, and wo should advise bi.-a
to drop them. The orchestra is exceedingly sire n.:,
and under the direction of Mr. Wannemaciier,
nightly renders choice selections in a pleasing man
ner.
The St. Felix Ballet Troupe, Ada Wray, the Femafo
Minstrels, and Jenny Hugues. will make their first
appearance to-morrow evening, and two new farces,
one by Win. F. Howe, entitled “The Mayor’s Arrest.”
in which Larry Tooley will impersonate O. K. Hall,
and another by John F. Poole, entitled “The Man
ager’s Trials.” Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Globe Theatre.—The Globe Theatre re
opened on Monday evening with a large and pov .r-
ful company, which will be considerably increa c 1
£his week by the acquisition of Messrs. Wm. Anin*/- I
ton, J. H. Bud worth, W. H. Lester, Sam Px
Jacques Kruger, the Freeman Sisters, and the M&ffit
and Barthoiomew Pan tom mo Company, who wl.i
appear in the comic pantomime, Bibo.” Mr. Je-foi
Stetson, the new manager, is a gentleman of unlfot-
1 ted experience, and the Globe, in his hands, is i:_ I
ly to prove a great success. Family matwee <i; I
Wednesday and Saturday.
St. James' Theatre A lavish outlay o j
money, artistic talent, aad judicious managemcn:
has produced a magnificent little temple, which v 11 1
ba opened to-morrow (Monday) evening, October 23,
by the veteran actor and manager, Mr. Jox.jj
McDonough. This little “bijou” is most eligSJ
located on the corner of Broadway and Twenty,
eighth street. The company engaged by Mr.
Donough is first-class, anp comprises Miss Sa..' i
Galton, soprano (Lou.sa I’ynos pupi.), who will ap
pear in Ottenbach's sparkling operetta, “A
Donna of a Night,” supported by Mr. Alf Keliehe
an English tenor of repute; Mr. James Arnold, I
baritone (bate of Richings’ opera troupe); Mr. C. P’
Sweet, basso; Mr. J. Surrage, comedian, etc., eie\ I
Mr. Davios, a famous ventriloquist and comic actoi\ I
whom the London press style the “Funniest o’i
of Funny Men,” has also been secured, who will j
introduce an original entertainment in connection I
with his two little frauds, “Poll and Joe,” keep-
fhe audience in a constant roar of laughter; M’iS
Kate Brevoori-, a fine artist, will present a difficult
and entertaining performance, called “Crysfoi I
Chimes,” on twenty-four glasses with cne hard.
white accompanying herself with the other on 1: e
matmee on Saturday afternoons, to which the t.'
mission tee will be half a dollar to all parts of t i
house. This alone if nothing else is bound to make I
the St. James’ Theatre a grand success.
Paris Pavilion Cibcus.— Dan Rice’s circrs
company i:..a-oaies io popu arity as tha season I
vances, and will doubtless induce him either to pio j
tract hisfoprojent season, or*io favor us with a rekim
Visit at an eiv.-y day. His troupe of acrobats, hor e-
men, and performing animals, is certainly one of i
the largest and best traveling, and the admirable ar- i
rangemoiits oi his capacious hippodrome are
as to prove attractive under any circumstanc
The scenes in the arena are all pleasing and exc
ing, and the performers are artists of acknowled
ability. Dun Rice is himself one of the wittiest ana
4>est of clowns, and never fails to talk with a pnZ
pose,>his local sallies being invariably received v. Ah i
laughter and applause.
Brooklyn Academy of Music.—To-nwri c
Tuesday. ;;nd Wednesday evenings, the iar-faniLfo
combination of which Mbs Lydia Thompson is he j
head and chief attraction, will perform at the Ac k e- i
my of Music, Brooklyn. Burlesque in all its sp.ee-
dor, will bo represented by a company unequalled in
that particular branch of the drama. Blue Bearn”
will be U.4.piece de resistance to-morrow evening, w.
Miss Thompson as Selim, Mr. Harry Beckett as ho I
Pasha, and Willie Edoun as Zoug Zoug. On Tuesday
evening, “Luriine; or, the Nymph ot the Lui’ie
burg,” willbesport herself, with Miss Tnompso- pg
iS’tr Rupert He Reckless, and Mr. Beckett as the A':?/-
schal, ono o: the funniest of funny representation
On Wednesday evening, S.noad” will do pro tu
in all its g<=rgeousness. Such a feast of funis
dom afforded our Brooklyn frie.ids without havi 'g I
to cross.tb; i water, and the Academy should pre on”
a comfortable appearance ouch evening of the
of Miss xbompson’s company.
Lent’s Circus.—The pleasing announcement- I
Is now made that the popular c reus bui dw* in i
Fourteen-A street, known as tcc New York Cir’u\
will be thrown open for the amusement of the pu y’
lie on Monday evening, the.3oth inst Mr. Len nd I
his great company return to us thoroughly re-
freshed by their country tour, and fully prepared to
keep their visitors wholly delighted during their
forthcoming Winter campaign. The circus has been
much improved during their absence, and will fee as
comfortub.o and warm ;-.s any one could desire, ev -n
in the co.uefet. weather, and tne attractions to be pr 1
sented wilt not only rival, butuairiy surpass thosA o- I
former seasons. This means a great deal, but Mr I
Lent’s former catering justifies U 3 in anticinaiinj- a
very brilli.Mit season. b i
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre Novo!tv i
fs a prevailing feature at Harry Kill’s, and new eii- i
tertainmenis are constantly announced and' p e
sented. A visit to his cosy little house has long been
considered a pleasant undertaking, and the visi or
seldom leaves without having thoroughly enjoyed
himself. A good song is, of course, always to be
heard there, and if you would indulge in the ph as
ures of the mazy dance, you have every foci
offered you. Negro minstrelsy with, of coiir
comic sketches and farces, also finds a place in he
programme, and good-natured fuu is never fo
absent from Harry’s Varieties theatre.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
Madame Anna Bishop is engaged toeing
the Musical Convention in Worcester, on the 26th cfo
27th of this month; November 3d. in Boston: on e i
15tn, at Fort Plains; and during the ensuing month I
she will fulfill several important engagements in fie
Northwest. On Christmas night she will sing in e
Messiah,” with the Mendelssohn Union, at Nevfo*’k i
N.J.
I Signor Nicolao will give a grand operatic 1
Concert at the Newark Opera House, to-morrow, LL>n- I
day evening, when he will be assisted by a bevy of le.; I
*ng artists. Much interest is felt in musical circl a 1
the aeout of Miss Mattie Lynch, a Newark resident uni I
ef Signor Nicolao’s, who will mftko uer dtbm.
A few weeks since, the daily papers pub
lished a story of the starvation of a boy by Mons. D’Ata
ne, the Man with the Iron Jaw,” and Mad. D’Angela,
tne great lady athlete. An investigation into the cir
cuinstaEcas of tne case, by the authorities of New Mil
ford. Conn., showed that the boy bad not bean starved,
and that during the attaok of dianhea which ended in
I his death he received good medical treatment and the
Lest of care and nursing. This is the first allusion we
have made to this sensational story, as we felt convinced
i from the start that it would prove false. We are aware
I how prone certain papers are to attribute the very worst
motives to people connected with the stage or circus,
i and accept the silliest stories as true, provided such
stones exhibit either stage or circus iu an objectionable
light; therefore, we published nothing about the matter
until now, when we are pleased to state that Mons.
D Afalie and Mad. Angola have been proved entirely
guiltless of the boy’s death.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred McEvoy having conclud
ed a wonderfully successful engagement at Tony Pas
tor’s Opera House, in this city, loave to-morrow for Bos
i ton. Mr?McEvoy is an Trisa comedian and vocalist of
great humorous ability, and .Mrs. McEvoy is an exoeod
i talented and pleasing actress. They are sure to
be grevt favorites with the Bostonians.
We understand that Mr. E. 0. Wright, the
gentlemanly and popular treasurer of Kelly and Leon’s
Minstrel company i open to negotiate for a similar posi
tion in any first-class theatre or comvany. Air. Wright
has long been known as one of the most competent men
connected with the profession, and any manager fiaving
an opening, could noLsecure a better official.
The Chicago disaster Jias caused great
changes in the arrangements of the traveling companies
throughout the country. Several of them have been
already broken up, and it is feared tnat many of the
managers will be thoroughly ruined, it being difficult so
late in the season to fill up the time vacant by t-eir
projected Chicago engagements being broken.
A grand sacred concert was given in Utica
on Thursday evening last, for the benefit of the German
Gataqho (Oapuobin) churcn; the chair being aided by
Signor E. Bianchi and Signor BaseJi, of the Italian
Opera Company, of California, beta of whom elicited
quite a furore in the Stabat Mater.
The present company at the Howard Athe
neum, Boston, includes the Raynor Brothers, Leopold
and Geraldine, J. H. Buuworch, Sam Devero, VVjJdain
Arlington; Frei and Eva Costello, C. Gardner, llar.e
Gorenfio, and Olivia Rand.
Aitken’s New York Dramatic Company was
at Concordia Hall, Baltimore, last wees. Tins week
they will ba at VI all’s Opera House, Washington, and
at the Pittsburgh Opera House, Pittsburgh Tao com
pany have met with great success since they started
out.
A representation of “Julius Caesar” was late
ly given at the Walnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia,
with Edwin Forrest as Julius Oassar, Keil Warner as
Brutus, J. B. Roberts as Uassius, and O. Walcott aa
Marc Antony.
Marlowe and Williamson, late of Wallack’s,
are meeting with great success in California. Tiie for
mer as Sir Benjamin Backbite, and tne latter as Mos&s in
the “School for Scandal” were much admired.
Ole Bull has been obliged all of bis
engagement for next Winter on account of ill health.
His physicians advise his immediate departure for Eu
rope.
Johnny Allen and Alice Harrison have cre
ated quite a furore in San Francisco. .Miss Harrison
has become a blonde since her arrival in California.
“Shin Fane,” Poole’s drama, with Tom
Riggs in the principal character, is to be produced at
Trimbles Varieties, Albany, to-morrow night
Mrs. Lander is at Sait Lake, giving Brigham
Young and his many wives an opportunity to see her
charming stage representations.
Mr. J. W. Wallack and Mrs. 0. Richings
Bernard are fulfilling a most successful engagamant at
the Grand Opera House, Baltimore.
The Utica Opera House was inaugurated on
Monday evening with a representation of Tobin’s
“Honeymoon.”
Mrs. Oates’ Burlesque Opera Troupe have
been attracting immense audiences at the St. Louis
Olympic.
Jennie Hughes met with a most flattering
reception at the Front street Theatre Comique, where
she is at present.
“Great Expectations” has been produced,
and “Daisy Farm” is underlined at the Boston Museum.
Kitty Blanchard Baukin has presented her
husband with little darling weighing twelve pounds.
Selwyn is said to bo writing a new play for
Edwin Adams, who is now in Louisville, Ky.
Saratoga” is the attraction at E. L. Daven
port’s Chestnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia-
E. T. Stetson is playing “Neck and Neck” at
the Fifth Avenue Opera Hou-ie, Pittsburgh.
The name of a new play is Earth,tFire, Air,
Water.” Plenty of room for sensation! in it.
The “Lancashire Lass” is now the attrac
tion at the Academy of Music, Cleveland.
Mrs. D. P. Bowers Is playing in “Amy Rob
sart” at the California Theatre, San Franoisco.
Percy Roselle and Rosa Rand are at the Hol
liday Street Theatre, Baltimore.
A grand sacred concert was given by the
Dolby Troupe in Boston on Sunday.
Benefits are being arranged all over the
country for the Chicago sufferers.
Carl Formes shortly goes to California to
sing and play in German opera.
Mr. J. C. Campbell, with “Pomp,” is at the
St. James Theatre, Boston.
Lotta is at Mrs. John Drew’s Arch street
Theatre, Philadelphia.
Unsworth’s Minstrels were in Cleveland on
the 17th and 18th insta.
“Elfie”has been produced at the National
Theatre, Washington.
“Divorce” is being granted at the Globe
Theatre, Boston.
Mons. Julien and his orchestra are in Bos
ton.
The Sanyeah’s were in Cleveland lately.
f parting glutW.
THE MAT O L C A E
GAMES TO COME OFF.
Oct-. 25—Athletic vs. Chicago, on Union ground decid
ing Championship game).
27—Chicago vs. Haymaker, on Union ground.
23—. Chicago vs. Haymaker, on Union ground.
The Chicago nine will play their game on ths Union
grounds, having declined the proffered use of the Capi
toline grounds for that purpose.
MUTUAL vs ATHLETIC (of Philadelphia).
On Friday, the Mutuals of this city and the Athletics
cf Philadelphia played an exhibition game on the Union
ground. Williamsburgh, for the benefit of the Chicago
sufferers. Owing to the limited publicity which the an
nouncement of this game received, and the disagreeable
state of the weather, there was a very small attendance
of spectators on the ground. A similar benefit for the
same puiyiose bad been given by those clubs on Thurs
day, in Philadelphia, and. we understand, realized a
handsome sum. On the ground on Friday were several
of the sufferers by the late disaster, in the persons of
several of ti e White Stocking nine, all of whem lost
everything they were possessed of excepting the clothes
in which they stood. They were endeavoring to borrow
uniforms enough to enable them to play the first game
of their Championship series with the Haymakers, at
Troy, yesterday, and we belisve they obtained a few
from the Eckford nine. The members of the Mutual
Club would willingly have rendered them any assistance
in this respect had they not been under the necessity of
using them themselves yesterday, in their game with
the Stars, of Brooklyn. Cumifiungs, of the Stars, was to
have pitched for the Mutuals, and Martin, of the Eck
fords, was to perform the same duty for the Athletics,
but Cummings did not put in an appearance, and Zett
-1 -in. the present pitcher of the Chicago Club, kindly
volunteered to give them a specimen of his old Atlantic
skill.: Treac.y, of the Chicago nine, played second base
for the Atheltics. "Wood, Pinkham, and soma other
members of the Chicago nine, were present, along with
the Secretary of the club, Mr. Thacher. The game was
announced for 2:30; but, owing to one or two unavoid
able delays, it did not commence till 3:35. There was a
very high wind prevailing, which raised groat clouds of
dust, and filled the eyes and mouths of the spectators
and players, and making every one as uncomfortable as
possible.
The game opened well, giving promise of a close and
exciting con test! but Mutes began to forge
ahead, and the air becoming more bitterly cold every
minute, almost incapacitated the players from catching
the ball, or even handling-the bat. The Philadelphians
suffered more severely from the cold than the Mutuals,
and that materially interfered with their efficiency in
the field. The following is the score
ATHLETIC. IB7tB. PO. A. MUTUAL. 18. TB PO. A.
Cuthbert, 1. f.. 0 0 0 1 Hatfield, 3 b... 3 5 0 4
Marlin, p1 110 Patterson, 1. f. 2 2 1 0
Radcliff, s, 5... 2 2 2 6 .Start. Ib2 4 13 1
Malone.cl 12 0 Zettlein, p....l 12 1
Pratt, 3 b 0 0 3 2 Eggler, c. f.... 1 12 0
Treacy, 2b.... 1 13 0 Fleet, 2b 2 2 3 0
IL'ube), r. f. 0 0 0 0 Ferguson, c... 3 5 4 1
Meyerley, 1 b.. 1 18 0 Pearce, s. a.... 2 2 17
Bechtel, c.f... 11 3 0 Higham, r. f.,3 3 11
Inningsl| 2| 3| 4 5 6 7 81 91 Total.
Athletico 1 01 01 Oj II I 0 |ll 0| 3
Mutual 0[ 0| 31 1| 0| 3| 5| 3| 21 -17
FLYAWAY vs. SILVER STAR..
At Hunter’s Point, Wednesday, the return game be
tween the Flyaways and Silver Stars was played. The
first match, June 8, resulted in the success of the Fly
aways, by a score of 14 to 13. The lapse of four months
may teem a rather lengthy intermission, but it must be
remembered that the return game has more than once
been put off by unfavorable weather.
The nines were on the ground at the usual time, and
at 3:15 P. M. play commenced. The Flyaways were
short three of their regular nine, and the Silver Stars
one—the former being obliged to take the field with
only eight men. In the first inning the Flyaways scored
a single, Clack beirfg the lucky one. Both were white
washed in the second, but in the third the Silver Stars
get in one run, thus getting even. Wadsworth, for the
I■’’jaways, got over the plate in the fifth and eighth in
nings, the three runs thus scored being all that were
made by the Flyaways. On the other side, the Silver
Stars scored but two, the game being thus remarkable
for one of the lowest scores on record. The high wind
that prevailed and the chilly atmosphere somewhat in
terfered with the batsmen, and this impediment, com
bined with the very effective stylo in which the ball was
delivered to the bat, made free hitting almost impossi
ble. On the winning side, Bestio, Jolly and Wadsworth
did most of the work—tho two former making remarka
ble catches, as also did Shevlin and Duffy. Donohoe,
Karcey and Crane supported their positions on the side
of the Silver Stars in a most creditable manner. Both
pitchers handled the bah in a m asterly style, and it is
needless to say each received good support from the en
tire field. At the end of the game, the competing nines
were loudly cheered by the croad present. The umpir
ing was impartial, and in every way satisfactory—Mr.
Lannigan strictly enforcing the new rules. The follow
ing is the score:
FLYAWAY. O. R. 18. I SILVER STAB. O.«t. 18.
Phelps, s. s 4 0 0 Kessler, r. f 3 0 0
ClacK, c. f 3 1 0 Purrov, p 4 0 0
Duffy, Ib4 0 i Donohoe, s. s 4 0 0
Jolly, 1. f 4 0 11 Karcey. c1 0 0
ties tie, c 4 0 0 Au tome, 2 0 0
Wadsworth, 3-b....3 2 2 Murray. cT.4 0 0
foievhn. 2b2 0 0 Craae. lb 2 1
Breitt, p 3 0 0 Le. cint. 3b2 11
McDowell. 1. f... ...2 0 0
Innings 11 2| 3 j 4 j 5 6 7 3| 9 Total.
Silver Star 0 1 Oi 11 j 01 01 01 11 01 2 i
Flyaway 1| 0| l)| (i| 11 o| 11 o| 61 3. i
Umpire—Mr. Lamigan, Union Star.* Tim? of game— i
One hour and forty-five minutes. Kuns earnedFiy-
away, 1; Silver Star, 0.
MUI (J L VI. STAIf.
The return game bovaee.i iJuos ws i.foyed yes
terday afternoon on the Union gror.mis. ”illla,
but proved entirely dovoi-l of ifoefowt. “ho afcercoon 1
being cold and chilly, tun a-t an;;; w;:s oxceo-ji-'gly
limited; and despite tao ioct that in Wolters oon.i.i aed
absence, Fleet pitched for the Mutuals, the game
eeemed from the first to be a foregone conclusion. The
Stars were whitewashed in eight consecutive innings,
and only received a run in tho ninth by an overthrow
and passed ball, thus, however, saving themselves from
that terror of base bailers—a Chicago. Tho Mutes re
tired without scoring for tho first two innings, but in
the third, managed to put on one run, which they fol
lowed up in the fourth with three; tho fifth with two;
and the sixth with five. In tho seventh, eighth, and
ninth innings, they were again whitewashed, and the
game was closed in their favor by a score of 11 to 1. The
following is the score by innings:
inningsl| 3| 4| 5| 6| T| 8| 91 Total.
Mutualo 1 01. 1| 3 2) 5 0 0 0 1 —ll
Star 0 0| 0| 0| 0| 0| 0[ 0| 11 —1
B9LMARDS.
M. DALY vs. A. GARNIE R.
On Friday evening next Maurice Daly and Albert Gar
nier, two/of tbo most celebrated exponents of the Carom
game at billiards, will ploy a match at Irving Hall. The
stake is a very handsome one —$2,ooo—and one which
ought to encourage them to strain every nerve for its
acquisition. Maurice Daly, though a young man, has
been for some years before the public as a player of ex
traordinary merit, and M. Garnier has gained golden
-'opinions, not on’y for his fine and brilliant play, but
also for his quiet and gentlemanly behavior since hie
arrival on this side of the Atlantic. 'The game is 1,500
points, caroms, and is to ba played according to the rules
whiefogovern the contests for the championship. Play
will commence at eight o’clock sharp.
iWaib Wwii.
The naxt move of the Committee of
Seventy, will bo to proceed in a body to Knox's cele
brated Hat Emporium, No. 212 Broadway, and there
provide themselves with a sufficient number of
Knox’s famous hats, wherewith to protect their
brains and minds during this important era. Such
a proceeding must secure public oonfidonce for
them.
At the Woodbine, corner of Sixth
avenue and Thirteenth street, Mb. James Nolan con
tinues to provide excellently cooked chops, steaks,
and game of every kind dressed to perfection, and
served up in the mast appetizing manner. His
winos, liquors, and cigars, are also unexcelled.
In the splendid store of Mr. S. J.
Delan, No. 357 Grand street, will be found every
thing attractive in the way of gold and silver watches,
wedding and other rings, and jewelry of every de
scription. Ono.of the best selected stocks intown.
Harry Hill is determined to make
his famous concert saloon, at No. 26 East Houston
street, the most popular in town, and for that pur
pose night’.y presents a most attractive entertain
ment embracing fun of every kind.
Do Not Neglect Your Teeth.—
Us© daily Thurston’s Ivory Tooth Powder. It
will keep them clean, sound, and white Sold by
Druggists and Fancy Goods Dealers. Price, 25 and
50 cents.
“The chilly days have come, the
shiveriest of tho year,” and it behooves everybody
to know where to get the best wearing and most
stylishly made clothing. J.' M. Vartan Son, of
Nos. 70 and 72 Bowery, keep the finest assortment of
genilemen’s clothing to be found iu tho city. Every
thing they soil is of the best make and material.
There was intense excitement at
No. 102 Nassau street, on Saturday. The people
were there in such numbers to buy Dougan’s hats,
that the police were compelled to open away for
President Grant with their batons. He was deter
mined to possess one of Dougan’s best.
Bell Schnapps, distilled at Schie
dam, Holland, expressly for cases of dyspepsia,
dropsy, gout, rheumatism, general debility, catarrh
of the bladder, pains in the back and stomach and
all diseases of the urinary organs. Give great re
lief in asthma, gravel and cac'uli in the bladder. War
ranted pure. H. G. Wolfe Co., No. 18 South Wil
liam street, sole importers. Sold by Druggists and
Grocers,
For Moth Patches, Freckles and
Tan, use Perry's Moth and Freckle Lotion. It
is the only reliable and harmless remedy known for
removing brown discolorations from the skin. Pre
pared only by Dr. B. C. Pebby, No. 49 Bond street,
New York. Sold by all'druggists.
breakin£the~bonds.
How John and Josephine Became
Acquainted.
TSIEY MAURY AMB FAW® THEM
SELVES NOT AFFINITIES.
The Results, Jealousy, Bicker
ings, and a Divorce.
The following divorce suit has all the
-elements of the New York style of‘doing the thing.
Both parties are of the “fast” order, and belong io
that class of society.
This is the way the story runs:
John Christie was
“A FAST YOUNG MAN ABOUT TOWN.”
He was good-looking, dressed well, wore a diamond
ring on the little finger of hi 3 loft hand, and a dia
mond pin in the snowy folds of his shirt-bosom. He
was something of a Ward politician in the Seven
teenth, was “hail fellow well met” with “the boys,”
and, of course, run a gin-mill. The machine was
located on Second street, near tbo Bowery. Here
“the boys,” friends of Johnnie Christie’s, used to
congregate nightly and talk over the political status
of the Ward, and how Tammany and the old thing”
was woikipg generally.
Where there were so many of “the boys,” of
course, the girls” were very frequently the subject
of conversation.
“I say, Johnny,” said Bill Cahill, one Summer
evening, about seven years ago, to Christie, who, in
his shirt-sleeves, was behind the bar mixing a num
ber of glasses of fragrant mint-juleps for the crowd,
I saw
ONE OF THE PRETTIEST GIRLS
down in Tompkins square, this afternoon, you ever
laid your eyes on—as fresh and rosy as a peach.”
A laugh followed this speech, and the boys'’ inti
mated that Billy was clean gone, and that he was a
soft duffer,” who didn’t know what he was talking
about; as if it were a strange thing to see a pretty
girl in Tompkins square.
“Pretty girls may be seen there any afternoon,”
said Christie, as he stuck two straws into each glass
of julep, and pushed them in front of the customers
waiting at the bar to drink them.
“I know all that,” said Billy, “but you take a
stroll with me down there to-morrow afternoon, and
I’il show you a girl that’s handsomer than any girl
you ever saw there before.”
AH right,” replied Christie, I’il go.”
The next afternoon the two, rigged out in their
nobbiest attire, were airing themselves, and looking
for the new beauty of Tompkins square. Presently
Billy said, “There she is!” and they placed them
selves in their moat slatuesque attitude to observe
her as she passed.
Miss Josephine Brunner was, undoubtedly, a very
beautiful girl.
SHE WAS JUST EIGHTEEN,
with a clear complexion and bright, laughing eyes,
out of which she glanced mischievously at the young
men as she sailed by. Her form was molded like
that of Psyche, and its evolutions as she walked were
as graceful as those of a young poplar swayed by a
gentle breeze.
“By George, Billy,” said Christie, “she’s a pretty
girl, and no mistake! Let us follow her, and see 1
where she puts up.”
They did follow her, at a safe distance, and ob-
tained her name and address.
In the course of a month, Johnny Christie had
sought an introduction, and was head over heels in
love. Miss Brunner’s father was a respectable Ger- 1
man musician, and tho family lived in comfortable 1
circumstances. 1
Time passed on, and John Christie and Miss Jo
sephine Brunner were married August 29, 1864. In
three month#’ time the young couple found that they
were unsuited to each other. Miss Josephine de
veloped into
A REGULAR COQUETTE.
She was too fond of young men’s company, and
Johnny became very jealous of her. The sequel will
prove that he bad good reason for being so.
They cou’d not live together happily, and they
separated. A few weeks ago Christie brought suit
for divorce before Judge McCunn, who appointed t
James F. Morgan, Esq., as referee. The evidence
before the referee shows that Mrs. Christie commit-
ted adultery a number of times with Owen Coyle, at
a ceriain house on Mercer street, between Houston
and Prince, and also with another man named John
Corcoran, at Coney Island. Tho referee has decided
that Christie is entitled to a divorce from his wife, or
a hearing on,the evidence.
In order to show how fast a woman can descend
the ladder of infamy, the beautiful Ch .ls
tie is now a im;, fitly reveler at a Houston street dat.ee
house, wfieie she is the gayest of the gay. A very
dreary, sad Lie les befox-e her.
The Yacht L‘acz. -In tho ruce
which took place yesterday, the Saopho won by
about thirty minutes.
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
CUSTOMS OF THE COUNTRY,
How a Blasted Britisher Was Post
ed in American Manners.
A Supper and Relations of Terri
ble Exploits,
“HOT SO SAD AS WE SEES®.”
A few days ago an English actor arrived in New
York, who had never been in this country before.
He was a thorough-bred cockney from London,, and
was naturally of a somewhat timid disposition, fie
had heard and read many stories of «the violent and
bloodthirsty dispositions of Americans how that,
upon the slightest disagreement, it was a common
thing for them to ond the dispute by resorting to
pistols and knives, and shoot and haek each other to
pieces. These stories produced a deep’impression
upon him, and ho was fully convinced of their truth
fulness. The Englishman had a letter of introduc
tion to the dramatic editor of one of our weekly
papers, who quickly learned how the cockney’s mind
was influenced by tho terrible stories he had heard
of the
DESPERATE AND BLOODY'CHARACTER
of Americans generally. The dramatic editor, who
is fond of practical jokes, at once saw an opportunity
for amusoment at the expense of the Englishman,
and at the same time remove these false impressions
from his mind.
“The stories that you have heard,” said the dra
matic editor, “are true. The Americans are'the
most quarrelsome and bloodthirsty people I ever
saw. I have Leon in this country about ton years,
and It would taka me all night to tell you of the
BLOODY ENCOUNTERS
I have witnessed. I have been mixed up in five
shooting and stabbing scrapes myself. I always
carry a pistol with me when I go out,” at tho same
time tho editor lifted up his desk-lid and patted
affectionately a shining Colt’s revolver which was
lying inside, and remarked, “'That’s my pet Tom
my has saved my life more than once, I can tell
you.”
“Tommy Who is Tommy?” inquired the Eng
lishman.
“Tommy is the name I have given my pistol,”
was the reply.
The actors used to trouble ma a good deal when I
first went on tho paper. If I criticised any of them
a littlo severely at times, they would com© down here
and demand satisfaction, and if I refused to give it
to them, they would
THREATEN TO HORSE-WHIP
me on sight. I got tired of that sort of thing, and
determined to put a stop to it, and this was the way
1 did it. I recollect tho circumstance well, although
it occurred flvo years ago. In speaking of the acting
of a young follow at Niblo’s, I chanced to Bay that he
was a “stick,” meaning that ho was a dull, stupid
actor. Such epithets am common, you know, and
wo think nothing of thorn. >24 Shift follow was thin
skinned, and tho next day after ths papsr appeared
he camo down here, and wanted to know what I
meant. I had bought “Tommy” that very w.ek,
and I immediately yanked him out, and answered
his question by blazing away at him. Fortunately,
the ball did not perforate his carcass; it only passed
through his coat-sleeve, and buried itself in the wall
by the window -there, just behind you. He did not
give me an opportunity to fire another shot at him,
for he quickly made tracks down the stairs. I would
have finished him, I think, at the next pop if he had
remained. Since that time the actors have never
demanded explanations from me.”
The Englishman then took his departure, pro
foundly impressed with the
DANGEROUS CHARACTER OF THE PEOPLE
among whom he had come.
The next day he- called again. In the meantime
the dramatic editor had to’d his brother editors all
about the Englishman, and what had been said on
the sanguinary character of Americans at their in
terview the day bolore., A plot was concocted be
tween the editors to have some fun.
There were four of them, and each one obtained a
knite or pistol. The pistols were strapped around
their waists, and the knives were stuck up their
sleeves. When the Englishman called, an invitation
was given him by the party to accompany them out
and have some lunch. The Englishman accepted,
and the party proceeded to a Broadway saloon and
restaurant, the bartender of which was posted and
admitted into the conspiracy. After some edibles
had been disposed of, the party stepped up to the
bar and called for drinks. While they were being
prepared, the conversation was purposely turned on
the subject of the personal affrays in which each one
had been engaged at different times. The stories
they told were
BLOODY AND TERRIBLE.
The chief editor had been one of the principals in
five duels, in three of which he had killed his man,
and in tho remaining two he had only winged his
adversaries. Other engagements, of the rough-and
tumble order, had been so numerous that he could
not remember them all, in which ears and noses had
been chewedfoff and eyes gouged out in an indis
criminate way. After little affairsfof that kind the
boy swept up tbo debris, and the fight was over.
Nothing more would bo thought about it.
The Englishman ventured to remark that, “Blast
my heyes! but this is a bloody country.”
What’s that you say said the news editor, a
duck-legged little felloyv, with flashing black eyes.
I’m an American, sir! What do you mean by call
ing my country a bloody country, sir?” and the lit
tle, martial-appearing news editor stood in a defiant
attitude, with his right hand resting on tho handle
of his-pistol, which he had half drawn from its case.
THE ENGLISHMAN APOLOGIZED
for his inadvertent remark, and tho others were sure
that he meant nothing insulting, and so the matter
was anftcably adjusted. Drinks were had all around.
After the Englishman had drank his whisky cocktail,
another glass of the same beverage was pushed up in
front of him.
“No, thank you,” said he; “I’ve just drank my
glass.”
“No you have not,” said an assistant editor;
that’s your cocktail; why don’t you drink it
“But I’m sure I have drank mine,” he replied.
“Do you doubt my veracity?” bellowed the as
sistant editor, as he drew a long knife out of his
sleeve.
“No, no, certainly not.” A4id the Englishman
tossed off the second glass of cocktail at ona gulp.
Two of the editors then fell into a pretended diffi
culty in relation to the charms of a certain prima
donna. The wordy duel was terminated by a mutual
understanding that they would fight the next morn
ing at Hoboken, with pistols, at twenty paces apart,
each advancing upon the other and firing as they ad
vanced. The Englishman was much alarmed. It
was easy to perceive that he would gladly get away,
if he could do so without offending anyone. One of
the party observing his pallor, drew him to one side,
and in a confidential tone told him that if he got into
any difficulties during the evening he (the editor)
would be his friend, and see him through. That
only increased his terror. The possibility of a hole
being bored through him or a knife stuck into his
abdomen was, then, not improbable. His imagina
tion pictured the various calamities which might be
fall him.
The Englishman thanked his friend, and said that
he did not wish any one to see him through, or see
through him, He had an engagement to meet a
manager concerning an engagement, and must posi
tively leave.
Oh, no,” said the editor, We propose having a
night of it, and you must form one of the party. If
you get into any difficulty, I’ll stand by you. They’ll
have to
WALK OVER MY DEAD BODY
to attack you.”
The Englishman insisted that he must leave, and
keep his engagement with the manager. But the
party would not permit him to go.
One or two more sham quarrels were gotten up,
and after he had been frightened nearly out of his wits,
the whole plot was revealed to him, and the party in
dulged in much hiliarity at the ludicrous scenes
which had been enacted. The Englishman is now
thoroughly convinced that <he entertained a false
idea concerning Americans, and that they are the
best fellows in the world,
iitij and
A MERCIFUL JUDGE.
JUDGE PRATT, FOSTER, BUOKHOUT CO.—
A FEW PERTINENT QUESTIONS CONCERNING
THEM.
To the Editor of the Dispatch
Dear Sir —We are desirous to know what has be
come of the above individual. Not having seen
4 heir names prominently in print recently we pre
sumed that in midst of more recent occurences their
exploits had been forgotten.
Is Judge Pratt indebted for his present position to
his honorable career in the past, his legal acumen,
his general fitness for the bench, or for his natural
cheek, the brass in his composition, and his gift of
bravado? Perhaps it is from the fact that his boon
companions and political chums thought he would
be the right man. in the right place, in case they
should see lit to commit a murder now and then,
and be shielded from justice by a stay of proceed
ings.
Our mothers, wives, sisters, and daughters, have
now returned from, the country expecting to remain
in town during the Winter. They may be so very
inconsiderate as to visit a church, theatre, or party.
I Some gentleman may be so courageous as to escort
I them. They may take a horse car. Another Foster
may be thgj’e, and ag a natural consequence another
female insulted, another man murdered for proteot
her from that insult
The murderer may bo arrested, tried, convicted,
sentenced. Judge Pratt will proWbly be on the
bench to delay jus lice.
In view of these possibilities wouLfc it not be well
for the public to remember what has occurred, and
be prepared for what may again occur?
We all, as law-abiding citizens, are interested in
the-promotion of virtue, and in the prevention as
well as punishment of crime.
As we value the lives of our families and our own,
let v us not shrink from a plain duty. Of course, wo
shall by one of those inscrutable dispensations of
Providence have a Pratt to deal with, and we can
now imagine that we hoar him addressing other
criminals than Foster and Buckhout in strains simi
lar to the following, which might properly ba called
The Criminal’s Hymn.”
Come ya sinners, rich, yet need*’,
Tried and,sentenced, steeped in gore,
Pratt is ieady—stands to save you,
Full of pity—and though poor,
Still he’siable,
He is willing— sin some i..ore.
Just as wa had written the stanza we took up a
daily paper and saw Pratt’s name again in connec
tion with the Fisk-Stokes case. Profound surprise
prevents us front, completing the hymn until some
future occasion. Yours
Manhattan.
New York, Oct. 19, 1871.
AIDING TW& SCORCHED.
THE EMIGRATION OFFICE ASSISTING THE
SUFFERERS FROM FIRE IN WISCONSIN AND
MICHIGAN.
Tho people attached to the Emigration Commis
sion have done good work in aid of the houseless
and homeless of Wisconsin and Michigan. They
have collected $1 GOO, and yesterday forwarded the
money to Gobs, Baldwin Fairchild. The following
correspondence and list of subscribers tells the
entire story of this noble benefaction of working
men:
Hon. Richard O’Gorman, President of the Board
of Commissioners of Emigration.
Dear Sir: In tho terrible strait which has befallen
Chicago, the smallest contribution may be helpful,
and it seems that from no quarter could aid more
fitly come to a city, largely composed of emigrants,
than £r >m the Emigrant Department of th estate of
New York.
Upon this suggestion the officers and employes of
this department, and other parties connected with
it, have made up a subscription, tho amount of
which I herewith enclose to you, to be. app.ied in the
manner which may seem to you most judicious.
It gives me much pleasure to bo able to say that
the officers and employes, almost without exception,
added their contributions. 1
I am, sir, very respectfully yours,
Bernard Cassbuly, Superintendent.
P. S.—Since this subscription was commenced,
news has been received (hat similar misfortune has
come upon the people of Michigan and Wisconsin,
in portions of those States chiefly populated by
European e r {grants. In view of the generous
response which has been made from ail quarters to
alleviate tie distress at Chicago, it has been sug
gested that it might oe wall to devote the enclosed
amount to the benefit of these other sufferers, who
have equal claims upon us, and who for the moment
may not be considered.
Law Department,
Office of Counsel to tho Corporation,
October 20th, 1871.
Dear Sir; I beg to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of October 19th, enclosing a check for
$1,409, being the contribution of the officers and
employees of the Emigrant Department of the State
of New York, at the Emigrant Depot, Castle Garden,
for the relict of the sufferers by the late fires in the
Western States.
This action on the part of yourself and the other
officers in Castle Garden, is generous, timely, and
worthy of high commendation, and as President of
the Commission, I thank you.
I take leave to add, on my own part, a sum which
will raise the amount to $1,600.
I noi.e the suggestion in the postscript to your let
ter, and concur with you therein. In the general
enthusiasm of liberality toward those who have suf
fered by the Chicago fire, there is a possibility that
the poor people in Wisconsin and Michigan, whose
sufferings are no less entitled to pity and relief, may
be forgotten or neglected.
I shall therefore send SBOO to the Governor of
Wisconsin and SBOO to the Governor of Michigan,
with the request that they will apply as much of the
money as may be necessary to meet the wants of
newly arrived emigrants, who will no doubt be
among the greatest sufferers by the disasters.
Yours truly, Richard O’Gokman, Pres., &c.
Bernard Casserly, Esq., Supr. Castle Garden.
LIST OF SUBSCRIBERS.
Bernard Cnsserly... .SIOO 00 LP Reichard sl2 00
L Cantadoift. 50 00 John Connolly 14 00
O W King 25 00 William Connolly.... 12 00
H D Glynn 22 50 O Kuohenbecker 12 00
Peter McDonnell 20 00 J H Muller 12 00
John Coonan.. 18 00 R J Jackson 12 60
Ottor Henzmann I 8 60 Harvey Scofield 12 00
J W Sterling 18 00 Louis Boehayn 12 CO
J O Hallock, Jr 18 03 W 8 Strang 12 00
R Poser 18 CO J H McDonald 12 00
Fredk. Kassner 15 0t) J H Brundt ,10 00
Charles Brioe 15 00 Wil iam Maloney 10 00
Theo. Hart 15 00 J D Burns 10 00
N Fitzpatrick 15 (.0 Jacob Demuth 900
F Blake Crofton 15 00 Joseph Egan 8 00
H G Schroeder 15 00 JP Huvler 1 50
Charles W Kruger.... 13 00 J Reiman 750
G O Van Horenbergh 15 09 Samuel Bailey 160
Alfred Cooper 13 GO John Clark 7 50
Charles Chambon.... 12 00 J R Martin 7 50
Benjamin Levy 12 GO Philip Ecker 7 50
C Peterson 12 00 Edward Reilly 750
A McDonnell 12 00 Arthur Donaldson.... 750
Thomas McQuade.... 12 00 David Zullcacher.... 750
John J Ruete 12 00 John Murphy 7 50
Henry Merritt 12 50 H Smith 7 50
James Shanahan 12 00 John McCormick.... 7 50
John A. De Grauw... 7 00 &.Oti 10 00
Louis Kluff 6 CO Paul Sabow 10 00
Thomas Cummins.... 6CO Thomas Bradley 10 00
John T Marselns.... 600 J. Naegley 10 00-
Jas. O’OaMtighan 6 00 Michael Mitchell 10 00
Patrick Sherry 6 00 John Austin 10 00
John Bichets 6 00 'Theodore Muller 10 00
John Keating 600 Charles Miller 10 00
Thomas Sbearon 500 M. Gasser. 10 00
Joseph O’Connor 5 00 P. Strebel 10 03
John P. Lynch 5 00 C. H. Meyer 10 CO
Scal y Devitt 50 00 D. Hu gins 10 00
George O’Connor..... 20 00 M. Loftus 10 00
Muller Callaghan.. 50 00 Lippold&Wahrenb’gr 10 00
N. Hall 25 00 Jer. McCarthy 5 00
Reinhardt Co 25 09 Sami. Goldschmidt... 5 00
German Mbs. H 0.... 20 00 'George Edler 5 00
H. Simmons 20 00 F. Reiss 5 CO
Patrick Tinley 10 03 John Jorn 5 00
Ch. Schmidt 10 CO G Breitenstein 5 CO
Win. Wilkennings... 10 GO John Harkins 500
Peter Disch 10 00 Albert Putherim 500
Peter Minck 10 00 Malachy Britt 5 00
Mrs. Huber 10 00 Thomas Mitchell 5 00
Thos. O’Keefe 10 00 F. Comlossy 5 CO
Bpple Besch 10 00 R. Clark. 500
Geo. Strass 10 00 John W. Jones 5 00
IL Howarth 500 M. A. Callahan 300
P. Broderick....y 500 Edward Murphy 103
John Morgan SCO John Mason 1 00
A. Kamnlioff. 500 John Brady 1 00
O. Dolan 4 CO John Mahan 1 00
Michael Jones 3 00 John Ahearn 1 00
W. A. Barkemeyer... 300 Jas. Gould 100
A. Focoaci 3 00 Patrick O’Neil 100
John Bader 3 00
Total $1,409 CO
ESSEX MARKET'COURT.
AN /ALLEGED OUTRAGE—A YOUNG BRIDE’S
TROUBLES—A ROW WITH THE PRESS.
Justice Ledwith occupied the bench yesterday.
He pushed through the multitude of drunk and dis
orderly cases with his usual alacrity.
Tho more important cases were the following
RAPE OF A WIDOW.
Mrs. Sarah E. Crowley,is a fair widow of thirty-five,
living at 166 Orchard street, charged Albert
Bruner and Henry Bayard, two young men living in
the same house, with having committed a rape upon
her.
The evidence was that the young men and Mrs.
Crowley attended a social party in the neighborhood,
at which wines and liquors flowed freely, and when
they returned home the whole party, especially the
widow, were intoxicated. Upon entering to her
room, the young men followed her, and she said, ac
complished their purpose by force. The young men
say that it was dune with her consent.
The Judge believed the young men’s statement,
and discharged them.
A YOUNG BRIDE’S TROUBLES.
Mrs. CatharinegJones is a bride of a week. She
is a dashing, bright-eyed Irish woman of twenty-five.
The bridegroom is an old shoemaker of sixty-five.
In the same house lives old John McKeon with his
wife. Old John is in the habit of drinking too much
almost every day. Last Friday evening, he fancied
that he could take liberties with the bride, and at
tempted to do so, but she dashed a palfof water in
his face. He thereupon ungallantly struck her with
his big fist, and threatened to do the same to her
husband if he should interfere.
Old John was required to get bail in S3OO to an
swer.
A ROW WITH THE PRESS.
Samuel Stern, of 104 Orchard street, is upon his
own showing} a distinguished member of the press.
He is also a dramatist and poet, having written the
celebrated play called,
FOX AND RAT
OR,
OLD AND NE W DEPARTURES.
A Burlesque in 3 Acts.
Mr. Stern thought the Stadt Theatre management
ought to give him a free pass but they thought dif
ferently. These opposing opinions eventually cul
minated in a disturbance in the theatre during a re
hearsal, on Friday, and the stage carpenter, Mr.
Dornbach, pui him out, using the old man some
what violently. Dornbach entered into a recogniz
ance erf S3OO to keep the peace.
The Chatham Square Run Oyer Ac
cident. —An investigation was yesterday commenced
by Coroner Schirmer in the case of Mrs. Mary Foote,
late of No. 417 Pearl street, who was fatally injured
by being run over by a runaway hprse attached to a
wagon, owned by Rosendale May, of Chatham
Square. Several witnesses were examined, whose
testimony went to show that Mr. Rosendale had
taken the horse on trial from the Third avenue Rail
road Company. While hitched to a post in front of
the store, the animal became frightened, broke away
from iihe post, and from Rosendale, who had tried to
stop him, and in his mad flight ran over Mrs. Foote.
The further examination was adjourned, owing to
the absence of witnesses.
A Murderous Assault. Detective
Clapp, yesterday, on a warrant from the District At
torney, arrested. Dennis Da’.y, alias McCarty, on a
charge of having, on the 25tii of August last, com
mitted a murderous assault an Joan Otds, of No. 19
James Slip. H; was committed to the Tomba hy
District Attorney Garva'u to await a tr-ak
EXTENSIVE THEFTS.
BURGLARY' IN BOND STREET.
$10,009 Worth vf Wfiiihaffl Watch Stove-
Eiessts an<FJw«3ry-
A. Coatractorls Cl«rk With
A Burglary- in Woodbury, Ct.
$50,000 WORTH OF MONEY’ A<NE> BONDS
OBTAINED.'
A party of burglars on Thursday night, with false
keys, entered the front door of the' premises of
Fuller Co., agents for the sale of
WALTHAM WATCHES’
and dealers in jewelry, at No. 28 Bond street- The
thieves proceeded to the rear office, and‘with wedges
and large steel jimmies wrenched open the safe, and
took therefrom the following property: 23-gold watch
cases, gents’size: 17 gold watch cases, ladies’ size; 7
gold watch oases, various sizes; 38 silver watch
cases; 18 gold chains, ladies’ and gents’ zize; 51
watch movements, and a quantity of gold bracelets,
charms, lockets, and other valuable articles, in all
valued at over $10,060. Tho thieves escaped, with
their plunder, without having been detected. The
burglary was not discovered until Friday morning,
when the store was- opened by the porter. The
thieves left behind them a very complete assortment
of burglars’tools, consisting of jimmies of various
sizes, wedges, brace and bitt, sledges, and other arti
cles used by first class burglars in their operations.
Thus far Captain Irving and his detectives have dis
covered no (race of tho stolen property or the thieves.
A reward of SI,OOO was offered.
BURGLARY IN WOODBURY.
On Thursday night a party of burglars ihvade&the
quiet town of Woodbury, Conn. Proceeding first to
the residence of D. Curtis Sons, they in some man
ner obtained possession of tho key of the store, and
visiting the latter, opened the receptacle, and stole
the valuable contents. They then proceeded to the
store of Walker Co., close by, and inserting gun
powder in holes drilled in tho safe, blew it open.
Hero they also obtainee a' rich haul. In both places
the villains obtained in money, United States bonds,
and Westchester County bonds, over $50,009. Visit
ing the stabio of N. B. Smilh, ghe gang harnessed a
fine horxa to a light carriage, and escaped. The hors e
and carriage were subsequently ab.ndoned a few
miloe distant. The gang aro undoubtedly profes
isionals belonging to this city, and have most likely
brought their p under on nero. and disposed of it.
Tho owners camo on hero yesterday, and consilted
with Captain Irving, and after leaving a description
of the property, and offering'a reward of SI,OOO, de
part© 1 for home.
A CONTRACTOR’S CLERK MISSING WITH $30,000.
Wm. J. Slauson, confidential clerk lor Thomas P.
Simpson, contractor on the New Jersey Midland
Railway at Franklin Furnace, N. J., on Thursday,
October 12, camo oa to this city with an order for
$30,000 in currency, to be obtained at the banking
house of George Opdyke Co,, at No. 25 Nassau
street.
The money waa paid S’auson between the hours of
3:30 and 4, to take it by tho 4:10 train on the Morris
and Essex railroad, from the foot of Barclay street
to Waterloo, and thence by the Sussex road to
Franklin. The money was put in a small leather
traveling bag, marked on the outside Simpson,”
and carriod by Slauson from the banking house at
the time mentioned above. y
He did not return to Franklin Furnace, and he has
either absconded or been made away with and
robbed. His wife and sister have been living with
him at the hotel in tho village, and are much dis
tressed at his absence, and the terrible suspicions it
gives rise to. Naturally, they incline to the belief
that the missing man has been murdered, or has
met with some mis tap that lias rendered him for
the time being unable to communicate with tria
friends. Thoy do not believo it possible that he can
have yielded to temptation, and absconded with his
employer’s money. Mr. Simpson always placed the
most implicit confidence in S’auson, and can hardly
believe that he has robbed him. A reward of $3,000
is offered for the recovery of the body of Slauson,
dead or alive. The following is a description of
Slauson:
Age, 27; sft. 9 inches in height; had on sandy
goatee; light brown hair, blue complexion,
peculiar expression of eyes, as though absent-minded,
slim build, looks consumptive, weighs about 125 lbs.
Had on when last seen a black slouch hat, single
breasted blue chinchilla overcoat, mixed green and
black cheviot coat and vest, slate-colored pants, with
black stripe and welt on the side, white shirt, white
pearl studs, blue undershirt, oblong red gold sleeve
buttons, red gold chain,’ and an open-faced gold
watch. No. 6575, with the initials I H” on the
back.
Has lived in California, and wag at one time cashier
of a bank at Austin, Nevada, and a book-keeper in a
stock broker’s office in San Francisco.
With so large a reward offered there is a strong
probability that the whereabouts of the missing man
will soon be ascertained.
IN THIS CITY.
EXTENSIVE FIRE IN WEST THIRTY-SIXTH
STREET—SEVERAL BUILDINGS WITH THEIR
CONTENTS DESTROYED—LOSS OVER sloo,ooo—
SMALLER FIRES.
One of the most destructive fires that, has occurred
in this city for nearly a year past broke out abou«
four o’clock A. M., yesterday, in one of the range of
rear buildings in West Thirty-sixth street. The fire
was first discovered in the drying room of the cabi
net manufactory, in the roar of No. 414 West Thirty
sixth street, and soon extended to the adjoining
buildings, Nos. 414, 416, 418, and 420 West Thirty
sixth street. In spite of the utmost efforts of the
firemen, who were soon on the ground, the flames
spread rapidly, and soon communicated with the' rear
of buildings Nos. 417, 419, and 421 West Thirty-fifth
street, and ultimately these were entirely destroyed,
with their can tents. Several of the adjoining build
ings were badly damaged by fire and water. Those
destroyed weso all four story brick buildings, and
being occupied as cabinet manufactories, were filled
with inflammable materials, to extinguish which,
when once ignited, tho firemen labored in vain.
The buildings, No. 414, 416, 418, and 420, and the
rear building, were owned by John Redmond, and
valued at $25,000. insured for $2,500 ea h by the
Washington, Etna, Hamilton, and Hartford Com
panies.
It was occupied by Abraham Lowenbein, manufac
turer of fine cabinet ware, who estimates h.s loss on
stock and machinery at $6,*000, Not insured.
The buildings Nos. 417, 419 and 421 West Thirty
fifth street, were occupied by Palmer, Embree Co.,
manufacturers of cabinet ware. Loss on stock,
$25,000. Insured for $16,350. Loss on machinery,
$7,000. Insured for $5,250. The building was
owned by Mrs. Sarah Heinemann, and is damaged
$20,000. Insured for $15,000.
The three story brick building, No. 423 West
Thirty-fifth street, owned by Wm. Bradley, was dam
aged SI,OOO. Insured for $6,000 by the Bowery,
Park and Mercantile. The first floor was occupied
by John Hawes. Loss on furniture, S3OO. Not in
sured. The second floor was occupied by James
Irving. Loss, S2OO. Not insured. The third floor
was occupied by Charles Fisk. Loss, S3OO. Insured
for SI,OOO.
No. 415 West Thirty-fifth street, owned and occu
pied by Martin Keogh, was flooded with water, and
damaged to the extent of SSOO.
The two-story front building, No. 418 West Thirty
sixth street, owned by John Redmond, was damaged
$500; insured. It was occupied by J. D. Clark as a
brass foundry. Loss on stock $800; insured for
SI,OOO by the Andes Company, of Cincinnati.
The fire at one time threatened to J>e much more
destructive, and it was with the greatest difficulty
that the firemen could prevent the further spread of
the flames.
A FIREMAN INJURED.
Samuel R. Calvert, aged forty-two years, a mem
ber of Engine Company No. 2, while at work at the
fire, fell from the roof of No. 422 West Thirty-sixth
street, and was seriously injured. He was attended
by Police Surgeon Pooler, and taken home to No.
631 Ninth avenue.
A FIRE IN A TENEMENT—A WOMAN SEVERELY
BURNED.
A fire occurred yesterday in the apartments of
John Kane, in tho tenement No. 882 East Ninth
street, caused by some clothing taking fire from a
stove. Mrs. Kane had her hands and face severely
burned while attempting to extinguish the flames.
The furniture and effects were damaged $100; not
insured. The building was damaged to the extent
of SSO; insured by the Bowery Company for SBOOO.
FIBE IN A CHARITABLE INSTITUTION.
A fire occurred yesterday in the building No. 247
East Thirteenth street, occupied by the Society for
Che Protection of Homeless Boys, caused by a de
fective flue. It was extinguished after causing dam
age to the amount of $100; fully insured. Consider
able alarm and confusion for a time existed among
the juvenile occupants.
Run Oveb by a Car. —John Brady,
aged thirly-nine years, of No. 73 Broome street, was
yesterday run over at the corner of Lewis and
Delancey streets, by car No. 50, of the Dry Dock
and East Broadway line, and was dangerously in
jured. He removed to Bellevue Hospital, and
Delany, ilu? driver of the car, arrested.
Bb’ll from a Roof. —Frederick
GRi’<es. aged seven, fell from the roof of the four
stGry Luiluiug, No. 348 East Thirty.second street,
uucl W- 3 iiiiuraa
COURT OF SPfccj AL SESSIONS.
an old panel thief ’ciKtaaED with keep
ING A DISOBDEB&X HOUSJS—A SUSOET) IDLE
TEUTON—HE GEIS IRATE WITH A YOUNG
GHiL. AND TIIBEATIINS-TO* SHOOT HEB—A
CHICAGO REFUGEE (?)•_
There waa a calendar of thirty-eeven cases tried at
this court yesterday; most o« the criasinals pleaded
guilty. The usual mixed was in attend,
ance. Mary A. Lee,
A VOLUPTUOUS LOOKING DAM&EL,
was arraigned for keeping a disordurly houtse at Na
39 East Thirteenth street. It w alleged by wit
nesses that they were frequently solicited by younj
girls standing on Mrs. Lee’s stodp,. while returning
from Wallack’s Theatre.
Judge Dowling—You’ve met me bctor>s,
Mary—Yes, sir.
Judge—You and your lover are the oldest txinel
thieves in this city. I know your lover- when ha
was in the State Prison for robbery. Dwill not,
however, convict you on prejudice, but lot you go,
as the evidence doesn’t seem to warrant your being
punished.
Mary left the dock, remarking in a mild towa,
that she was not raponsibla lor the sins of her’ hus
band.
Hugh Tumey,
A TAILOR OB’ MASSIVE
was arraigned on complaint of a fair looking matron
named Lydia Rowley. Lydia stated that she mol
Hugh at No. 97 Cherry street, where he got a liltla
spooney about her. He said to her, “Vil you cum
un take a valk Lydia replied that sho would, with
pleasure, but that she had no hat. "I vil buy you
an hat,” said Turner, and they forthwith went off
to the nearest bonnet store and purchased a most
jaunty little piece of head-gear. After this they &snt
to No. 31 Bowery and had a cup of coffee, next id*
Oriental Gai'den, where they indulged in a glass of
water each. They then adjourned to the Flag
of the Union and had a dance. At the latter placa
they seemed lo Lave a gay old time of it, anil
finally they returned to No. 97 Cherry street; Herb
something occurred which riled the soul of MVbus
ceptible German, and he pulled out a pistol and!
threatened to blow Lydia to limbo. A poliooman waj
called in and Hugh was arrested.
Counsellor Hummel (to Lydia)— Where is the Flag
of the Union
Justice Dowling interposed an answer that ha>
could find one on any liberty pole. Whereat there
was semo laughter. Tne case was concluded by
Turner getting one month on the Island;
KEEPING A DISORDERLY HOUSE.
Christian Hawser was lined SIOO and sent ta
the Penitentiary for two months for 'keeping,,a dis
orderly house at No. 152 Chatham street. This was a
richly deserved sentence, as the place appears to
ha,vo been a damnable nuisance.
Mary Norton, a fine-looking cyprian, who hol la
out in the bagnio No. 39 East Thirteenth street, was
charged by Jennie ETi« with assault and battery.
The evidence adduced, showed that Jet.nie provoked
the assault, and Justice Shandley discharged the ac
cused.
A CHICAGO REFUGEE.
John Hudson was charged with being concaa’od in
a freight car at the Hudson River Railroad depot
with intent t# commit a robbery. He denied the
charge, and said he was a refugee from Chicago.
Justice Shandley thought tho excuse too thin. Lio
got two months.
Knox's New Business Palace.
This splendid place of business is twenty-seven feet
wide, sixty feet deep, and fifteen feet high. The
ceiling is of a unique and beautiful design, executed
in fresco, in rich, brilliant, and harmonious colors;
the whole being, in addition thereto, tastefully dec
orated in gold.
The walls are tinted to harmonize with the ceil
ing, and the cornice, all around, is supported by a
border of illuminated tracery of elegant design,
§|The front is formed by two pairs of .double doors,
flanked Ly two large projecting show windows, the
whole composed of rich black walnut and silver, and
filled in with immense lights of. polished -plate glass.
The interior fittings of. the store are particularly
grand; the cases all around being entirely composed
of black walnut, beautifully decorated with gold;
and at tho back of tho cases, behind the goods, there
are mirrors, and tho shelves are of .polished plate
glass.
Besides all this, there, is placed at the rear of the
store, opposite the entrances, a large time-piece,
specially made to ran one year without winding, and
forming, with its .surroundings, a fine central fea
ture; beneath the clock is a large mirror, wherein
purchasers and others "cm see themselves as
others see them.”
The chandeliers are entitled to particular notice.
They are six in number, designed and modelled ia
all their parts expressly for Mr. Knox, bearing his
monogram on each arm, and aro iurihor decorated
with emblems of the .business, in the shape of seals*
and foxes’ heads placed alternately all around.
Other gas fixtures are,made to correspond.
The cashier’s desk s lands on one side of tho store,
and is a beautiful work of art in itself, the panels
being fitted with plate.glass above, and carved wal
nut below, the former, with the ‘-'Knox arms” em
bossed upon them, and the latter with the same de
vice in carving.
The counters on either side are equal,, as to.stylo
and workmanship, to the other parts, being of richly
carved walnut, suimounted by slabs of Italian mar
ble, the largest procurable irPour market.
The entire store is one of the chastest and moat
elegantly decorated in the city, and reflects much
credit on tho taste and workmanship of the artists
and mechanics.
TO. PA.NEL. HOUSES.
AN INVESTIGATION WILL PROBABLY BE OR»
DERED BY THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS
INTO CAPT. WALSH’S CONDUCT.
The exposure of .the panel.Jhoupes and keno games
in the Fuurteeuth Ward, and the alleged complicity
or connivance of Capt. Walsh therewith, made by
the Tribune, has created no little interest in police
circles, and is much commented unon by a good
portion of. the community. Tho specific allegations
of tho Tribune, and the equally bold assertions .late
ly made by Justice Dowling, in open court, it is ar
gued, must compel an investigation of Capt. Walsh’s
conduct by the Police Commissioners. It is urged
that Capt. Walsh, if he has any feelings of pridq left,
or the faintest hope of being exonerated, should
himself demand an investigation. He cannot hope
by silence to live down these accusations. So long
as they are not mot by him, and the authors chal
lenged to produce their proof, his usefulness as a
public officer, one whose especial province it is to
arrest those who are violating tho law, is gone. Ha
must demand that his conduct should bo investi
gated, or the Commissioners themselves will hava
charges preferred against him.
They are reticent over the case, but President
Smith intimated yesterday to a representative of th®
Dispatch that unless Captain Walsh soon demanded
one himself, that the Superintendent would prefer
charges, by direction of the Board of Police.
Vague and general charges Captain Walsh might
be excused for passing over in silenco. Specific, alle
gations that ho has received money from the keepers
of panel-houses and keno games to allow them, to
pursue their nefarious calling, are charges which
the community declare no public officer sit
quiet under.
Forest Fike Fund.— E._ C. Fisher,
President of the Anchor Life Insurance Co., No. 178
Broadway, acknowledges the following contributions
for the suffers at Manistee
J. Schiff, of Edentown, N. J $lO 08
E. D., Yonkers 19 00
A. D., Yonkers 5 00
Total $25 00
Previously reported $1,281 75
Grand total $1,256 75
1 case of clothing, George Sawyer, Brooklyn.,
1 case of clothing, unknown.
1 bundle of clothing, L. M.
1 bundle of clothing, |T. B. Osborne, Plainfield
New Jersey.
2 trnnks of clothing, Albert Dung, No. 61 Bowery.
1 bundle of clothing, G. C. Halstod, Publisher.
1 bundle of clothing, H. A. Smalley.
1 trunk, Mrs. John Baird, No. 324 Lexington
avenue.
1 bundle of clothing, Brooklyn.
1 box of clot hing. Brooklyn.
1 box of clothing, A. G. Smith, Coleman House,
2 bundles ox clothing, Miss Nahnestock, Astoria,
L,L
The Castle Garden Attempted
Murder. —Dr. Pendergrast, the county physiciau,
yesterday visited Christian A. Sehreltman, at Hobo,
ken, who was supposed to be mortally injured by
two emigrant runners, and who it was thought
could not recover, and pronounced him out of dan
ger. It will be recollected that, on the 13th inst.,
the injured man, who keeps a boarding house in the
Hamburg and Bremen Hotel, went to CaiAle Garden
for the purpose of bringing away a young German
woman. Upon coming out he was attacked by two
Emigrant runners—Charles Herzog, of No. 2 Green
wich street and Emil Ernest—who, threatening to
take his life* beat and kicked him until he appeared
to be lifeless. He has sustained a severe rupture,
which will cripple him for life. The two ruffian*
wero arrested and held to bail for trial.
ÜBJWING THE ROTTEN SHIP.
New York, Oct. 21, 1871.
Hon. W. M. Tweed, Chairman Democratic Rkpubl
lican General Committee, Tammanx Hald.
Dear Sir; Believing that the best interests of the
old” Democratic party and of the city require every
Democrat to act in the pending election with tha
“reform” organization, I hereby tender my resigna
tion as a member, or the Tammany Hall General
Committee. Fifth Watd. Very respeotfully,
MXQHAKh MApidANi
5