TH DONALDSONVILLE CHIEF.
VOLUME I. DONALDSONVILLE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1871. NUMBER 5.
Oflice in croscent Place.
Yutblisl.ld E'ery Saturday Morninl,
-AlT
Domnldssonville, La.,
-BY
-INDENi E. WEl TLE
EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.
TER*M OF SCBSCRIPTION:
One copy, one yedr,. ...............$3 i0
One copy, six months, 130
Single copies. 0
Payable invariably in advance.
ADVERTISING RATES:
[A square is seven lines Minion type.]
Space. I wk. 1 mo. 3 mo. mos. 1 y.
Isquare.... $1 $3 0 001150
2 squres... 2 9 05 0 15 00 25 0
4squres... 4 8 15 25 00 3510
coluunm... 7 0013 25 40 00 50 00
coluum...14 100 5 40 00 60 7000
leolnum.n 5 40 55 76 010000
Transient advertisements. $1 per square first
insertion; 75 cts. each subsequent insertion.
Communications mnla be addressed simply
CAHIE, Donaldsonville, La.," or to the edi
tor and proprietor personally.
The eloquent New Orleans divine,
Dr. Palmer, has just returned from a
summer jaunt through the North.
The New. pretends to support hon
eat men, b3" honest means for high of
ficial positions.-Red River News.
How widely different some people's
pretensions are from their actions.
The Vidalia Herald of the 6th inst.
nays thirty-five cases of yellow fe 'er
had been under treatment in t at
town, nine of which proved fttal.
disetrse still prevails to a limited
tent, but is gradually dying out.
Editor Dennett, of the Planters'
Banner, says that if the Democ "its
swallow Governor Warmoth they ill
slew him up again. We agree
the gentleman there. Governor iar
moth's proclivities are too decide ly
Republican to be borne by a DeAio
erotic stomach.
The salary of Mi. Thiers, President
of the French Republic, is $12.,0' 0 a
year, and a contingent fund of $*10
is allowed him. Added to the nuer I
oas perquisites of the office hIs pta
will reach $200,000 per annum, 4md
his board, lodging and washing do.isn't
cost him a cent. Our President nl I
receives about one-eighth this am t,
yet such is the extravagance oI our
governmeut compared with oth.rs,"
etc., as the organs of the party ojt of
power love to proclaim.
We notice one of the leading l mo
cratic country journals of this state
praising the snedfnese and high tone
of the Citizens' Guard, chief orgf of
the Custom-house faction. Ev, per
son in the State who knows any .hing
about it knows that the Guarl has
not one jot of those qualities, bufair
ly reeks with slang, billingsgate and
personal abuse of its enemies t is
very evident that this Demoerat pa
laver is administered on the 'you
tickle me and I'll tickle you" b als.
Major T. Morris Chester, a t.nted
colored man of extensive trove and
great information, recently del ered
an interesting lecture in New Oleans
on the subject of "an evenin with
royalty." He descaihed his vi its to
the courts of the crowned he rds of
V.spe, and says be was every where
ý;eceived with the greatest
anS;pulyYMPwe'Z1i ceremony; erit,
:i1 aq .ciglor, being the recomm ends
.tion to f.vrpr and consideration there.
Mr. Chester was often mistakem for a
black ;ip ce, and avers that he would
rather travel through Europ as a
colored man than a white oq if he
a.h any fancy for lionising.
.The Citizens' Guard raises a and
,cry because, it says, a cam ~pi pam
phlet recently published by the $iends
of thse tate Administration ws sent
gom the Mobile post-office o the
Nor i~ea of being sent t tough
the New Orleans oflee. TheiwGear
says thijwas done to screen sa"i patm
phlet the more effectually m the
eyes of Louisiana voters. W know
nothing of the circumstancer bit if t
did ocour, and w wore ngked g ,es
the reason, we should att4.t it to
just what the Guard'q ape~lration
loads us to surmise: a fear on the part
of the senders that, though tl t pam
phlets might not hbe uhrilate4mong
Louisiana voters, they would ttsnd a
better chance of that than 4f ever
reaching their intended desti ations
if placed In the New Orleam post
paice.
A TERRIBLE FIRE.
Th' EE-FOURTHS OF THE OITY OF
IHIOAGO IN BRUINS
Loss ofLife and Property
Origin aud Progress of the Conflagration.
We glean from telegraphic dispatch
es to the associated press the follow
ing particulars of an event seldom, if
ever, equaled in history, and which
will awake emotions of sympathy in
the breast of every inhabitant of our
land for the sufferers who have been
rendered homeless by the alshost total
destruction of the .once beautiful and
prosperous city of Chicago
NEW YORx, O4 tober 10.-A special
to the Times, from Chicago, the tenth,
2:20 A. M., says three-fourthsof Chi
cago is in ruins, and the city is still
burning. In the west, division Taylor
and Halstead street have been swept
by the flames; the waterworks went
early.. There has been a fearful loss
of life by falling walls. Ten thousand
business men will be compelled to
make assignments. An Insurance
crash is inevitable. The river is im
passable except at bridge twelve.
The other bridges have been burned.
It is feared that bridge twelve will be
crushed by overwhelming travel.
The railroad trains have ceased
running, and there will no mails.
The present losses are estimated at
$200,000,000.
The tire-proof buildings burned like
timber. Few business houses saved
even their papers.
No newspapers can be published
until type comes from elsewhere.
8ome vessels escaped by being sent
adrift into Lake Michigan.
A large number of firemen were
killed.
The Convent of Mercy was burned.
The pavements were burned, and
a hundred squares were destroyed
in the south division.
One hundred thousand employes
are out of employment.
The county records were saved.
The city records were lost.
At a meeting of the Germania,
Hanover, Niagara and Republic insur
ance companies, comprising the un
derwriters' agency of New York, held
to-day, due preparations were made to
pay immediately, on adjustment, all
losses in the Chicago fire, by doing
which the capitals of all companies will
remain mnimpaired.
Mt f lPwPiw and Jay Cooke Co.,
gavse tehi1l000 to the Chicago suffer
era.
J. L. Morgan Co., London, tele
I graphed their correspondents to draw
$5000 for the same purpose.
ME'MPHIS, October 10.-Over $20,
000 have been raised for Chicago. A
monster mass meeting will be held
at the Opera House to-night, to take
measures for the relief of the suffer
ers.
CHICAGO,. October 10, Noon.--The
fire continued to burn all night on
the north side, but this morning is
under ontrol nothing remaining on
that side from the river north to Lin
coln Park, and from the north branch
of the river on the west, to the lake,
east. This portion of the city, except
along the main river, where there
was a basiness block, was occupied by
dwellings, and two-thirds" of the pop
ulation of the district were Germans
and Scandinavians. These people are
now houseless.
At three o'clock this morning the
rain came; it did not rain long, but
made te rootfs and ground wet.
Fifteen hundred citizens have been
sworn in as special police.
A feral force is employed to guard
proper y. One hundred thousand
rations have been issued.
Two men who were caught at in
cendiadam were hung to a lamp post.
This summary proceeding awed the
thieves into harmlessness.
Every train brings engines, and the
firemern immediately go to work.
They are now playing on the coal
piles tdsave fuel.
A few business men, with more
nerve than others, are seeking places
on the test side.
Roods which rented last week for
$50 not command $5000.
The newspapers are already at
work, )reparing for a resumption of
public ton.
Wateir for drinking and cooking is
securesdfrom the lakes and parks.
Thou anda of people are camped
about tie artesian well. The people
are fed in churches and school-houses.
The teather was cold this morning,
causing reat suffering, but the people
are prntmg for more rain.
3 P. M.-Word has just been
brought that a fierce fire is raging on
Tbirt.y.rst street. This street is two
miles sth of the southern fire limit,
and a 'ttle less than that from the
limit oat the west side.
Severtl incendiaries are plying their
vocations. Two were can ught firing
btiildins and shot; two others were
led off Oth ropes around their necks.
As the wind is now blowing a gale,
the endcanuot bhe told.
One it the maost pitiful sights was
that of 'middle aged woman on State
stireet, taded with bundles, straggling
thr a crowd snging the Mother
GoosQ elody, "Chickey, my Chickey,
my C ey Crow," etc.
Ther, Were hundreds of others like
wise diatressed, and many were made
despernte by wl4hkey or beer, which,
from ejcess of thirst, they drank in
the abance of water in great quanti
ties, who spread themselves in all
directions, a terror to all they met.
It is fearful to think of the loss of
life. It is conjectured, with good
cause, that more than five hundred
persons have been burned to death.
Four men were seen to enter a
burning building, and in a moment
they were overwhelmed by a falling
wall.
There was a crowd of men around
the corner of a building trying to save
property, when the wall yielding,
some were buried beneath it.
About twelve or fifteen men, women
and children rushed into the building
of the Historical Society, a fire-proof
building, for safety; in a few minutes
the flames burst up and they were
burned to death.
Among those who took refuge in
this building was the venerable Col
onel Samuel Stone, eighty years old,
for a long time connected with the
society; also John B. Girard and
wife, and Madame le Pelgram, a noted
music teacher. It is feared that Dr.
Frear and family were also burned, as
they have not been seen since.
Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was
murdered last week, and who was
suffering from an illness, was carried
for protection to a building which was
afterwards burned, and it is feared
she also perished.
All books and papers of the Histori
cal Society, including the original copy
of the famous emancipation proclanua
tion of President Lincoln, for which
the society paid $25,000, was destoyed.
It is feared a large number of chil
dren inmates of the Catholic Orphan
Asylum on State, street have been
burned, as many of them are miss
ing.
On Chicago avenue a father rushed
up stairs to carry three children away,
when he was overtaken by the flames
and perished with them. The mother
was afterwards seen upon the street a
raving maniac.
In the same neighborhood a family
of five persons perished. The list of
such fatalities is very large, and can
only be verified afterthe smoke shall
have cleared away.
A careful survey of insurances to
day, shows that there were policies on
property destroyed for over $200,
000,000. Add another $100,000,000 to
this sum, and a fair estimate can be
reached of the loss.
All leading merchants who have
been seen, express a determination to
resume business at once.
The Evenisg Journal and Triibne
hope to publish small sheets to-mor
row.
A special session of the Illinois Leg
islature has been called to aid basi
neds meid tl froviiing eiiiployment
for the poor, apprehending that suffer
ing may cause crime.
Additional federal troops have been
called for.
CHicAGo, October IO.-Origin and 1
progress of thefire.-Late on Sunday a
evening a boy went into a stable on
Dekaven street, near the river on the I
the west side, to milk a cow, carrying a
with him a kerosene lamp, which was
kicked over by the cow, and the burn
ing fluid scattered among the straw. f
This was the beginning of the fire. i
A single extinguisher on the ground
or active work of the police in tearing e
down one or two shanties, would have i
prevented the spread of the flames,
but the engines were waited for and t
when they arrived the firemen, stupe
fied by their exertions at the fires on
Saturday night, worked slowly and 1
clumsily. Their efforts availed not.
The wind from the southwest blew a
gale and the flames shot rapidly from
house to house, and from board yard
to board yard.
Meanwhile it had crossed the river
north of Twelfth street to the south i
side and extended to brick and stone
business blocks, and the railroad and
freight depots and manafacturing es- 1
tablishments, when the full extent of c
the damage was realized for the first
time.
The fire dephrtment, already tired, 1
worked like heroes, and the mayor
and city offiB ls, who had supinely I
rested, now began to exert themselves,
but the opportui. ty had been lost; the
time when a thorough organization 1
could have blown up buildings or pre
pared for an emergency, was neg
lected, and it was now a flght for life. 4
The wind blowing a stiff gale had
possession of the flames, and the
beautiful buildings, Chicago's glory,
lay before them.
Thence Harrison, VanBuren, Adams
Monroe and Madison streets were soon
reached intervening blocks from the
river to Dearborn street on the east
side being consumed. Three-quar- 1
ters of a mile of brick blocks were
consumed as if by magic.
It being Sunday the proprietors and 1
employes were all at their homes, I
completely unconscious of what was
transpiring; those who saw the flames 4
supposed it was the remaining of Sat
urday night's fire, and having confi- i
dence in the fire department, were
more unconcerned; but between
eleven and twelve o'clock a rumor got i
abroad that the fire was in the busi
ness portion of the city.
Then people commenced moving,
horses were brought into requistion to
take the property out of reach of the
conflagration. What a scene met
their gaze! The Board of Trade the
court-house, Western Union trele
graph office and the Associated Press
office and hundreds of other buildings
were all in flames. The air was filled
with live coals, which were hurled to
the north and east, a besom of des
traction, The tire engines were pow
erless for saving.
All that men could do was to blow
up buildings, but this availed little.
The Times, tribune, Post, Evening
Journal and other newspaper offices,
the Western News Company's block,
Field Leiter's establishment, Drake's
block, recently built, and Farwell
Co.'s, all were soon in ashes.
It seemed that no sooner had the
flames struck a wall than it went di
rectly through, and a very few min
utes sufficed to destroy the most elab
orate structure. The walls fairly melt
ed, and the verybricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire,
making a continuous sheet of flame
two miles long by one mile wide. No
human being could possibly survive
many minutes at any given point.
Block after block fell, and the red hot
coals shot higher andl higher, spread
further and further, until north side
was a vast sheet of flame from river
to lake.
At one time it srrhemmed the peo
ple in that it was expected that thou
sands must perish. The Sherman,
Tremont and other hotels were
emptied of their guests, and a remark
able sight presented itself in hurry
ing throngs, sacks or bags on their
shoulders, fleeing amid the flames for
their lives. Those who could, made
for the burning bridges, others got to
the lake shore and south side.
But three blocks of all the vast bus
iness section remained at daylight,
viz: The Tribune block, Custom-house
and Honore block, on Dearborn street,
and those who had fought the flames
here thought that at least the Tribune
block could be saved.
Parties of men nnder Sam Medill
swept off the live coals and put out
the flames inside the walls, and an
other lot of men under the direction
of the Hon. Joseph Medill, watched
the roofs at half-past seven o'clock.
This appeared safe and most of the
men went to get rest or food and a
number went to sleep in the Tribune
building, but there was a change of
the wind, and the flames reached Wa
bash avenue, State street and Michi
gan avenue. Soon McVicker's theatre
caught fire, and in a few moments the
Tribune building was in flames, andat
the last moment the' sleeping men
were aroused and rescued from the
flames. By ten o'clock in the fore
noon, this remaining block was in
Now was to be seen the most re- a
nmarkable sight ever beheld in this or c
any other country. There were from c
fifty to seventy-five thousand men, p
woman and children fleeing, Thy every 1I
available street and alley, to the south- 9
ward and westward, attempting to t
save their lives. 5
Every available vehicle was brought t
-into requisition, for the use of wFElys i
enormous prices were paid. The
streets and sidewalks presented a fear- t
ful sight. Thousands of people and t
horses were inextricably commingled. e
Poor people of all colors and shades, I
and of every nationality, from Europe, I
China and Africa, mad with excite- a
ient, struggled with each other to get I
away.
The National Bank of Commerce 1
opened its vaults this morning, and I
found the books, money and securities
in perfect order.
The general agent of the AEtna In
surance Company announces their Q
readiness to pay every dollar.
Drivers of express wagons have ob
tained from one hundred to five hun
dred dollars for an hour's service.
Hundreds of intoxicated men and
boys Were on the streets, many of
whom perished in the flames.
Women and children ame wandering t
about the burnt district, hungry.
An immense number of persons are
missing.
Two companies of United States
infantry have arrived, and will be im- I
mediately placed on patrol duty.
NEW YORK, October 10.-The report 1
that a fire had broke out again in Chi- 4
cago, and was burning fiercely,is pos
itively contradicted by a dispatch from I
General Anson Stager, of the Western 1
Union Telegraph Company, now at
Chicago, to General O. H. Palmer, i
treasurer of the company here. Gen- 4
eral Stager states that a fire started in I
a small house on Thirty-first street, in
the south division, this evening, but I
was speedily extinguished.
Incendiaries were busy, but seven a
or eight had been hanged or shot at I
sight. 4
The Spectator, an insurance journal,
says: "None of the leading corpora- I
tions are insolvent. A great majority 1
of the companies will pay the losses i
at once. Some have already begun to 4
put assets in order to liquidate their
obligations." The Spectator intimates I
that the actual losses of the companies
will not much exceed $35,000,000. Ru
mor says that eight companies have I
failed, but better await official an- 1
nouncements. The president of the
International Company leaves for Chi
cago to make settlements.
WAsHINoroN, October 10.-The sub
treasury at Chicago lost $2,000,000, I
of which $500,000 was in gold.
NEW YORK, October 10.-A. Bel- 4
mont, Duncan, Sherman Co., and I
Brown Brothers gave five thousand I
dollars each.
Some of the losses of the New York
insurance companies are stated as fol- I
lows: Citizens' $25,000, Hanover t.20
000, Columbia $300,000, Republic I
$225,000, Tradesmen's $25,000; Ger
mania and Niagara not stated. 1
The Hartford and Phoenix insurance a
companies have issued a circular, ad
vising their agents and patrons that I
they can meet their losses, leaving a
handsome margin of surplus. The i
circular concludes: The lesson of this
disaster will compel a liberal advance
on rates hitherto paid.
The J$Oyee-Hierron Case. a
Decision Adverse to Bovee-Gov. War
moth'; Action Sustained.
Judge Emerson, presiding in the
Eighth District Court of New Orleans a
during the absence of Judge Dibble, a
on Monday of this week rendered the
following decision in the case of Geo.
E. Bovee vs. F. J. Herron, a suit un- a
der the intrusion act to regain posses- t
sion of the office of Secretary of State:
The Governor suspended the Secre- c
tary of State, and assigned the defend- p
ant to the duties of that office ad in- t
terimn. Whereupon these pro#eeJiags r
were commenced to test the validity 1i
of that act, and under them the de- c
fendant is charged with being an in-
truder into the office and .with unlaw
fully exercising its functions. Hejus- e
titles under the appointment, which he I
asserts was consequent upon malver
sation by the Secretary. c
On the part of the relator it is e
claimed that the Executive can law- I
fully exercise no power which is not 1
expressly granted by the organic and
statutory law, and such other powers t
as may be necessary to carry the ex- t
tress grant into effect; and that the g
act in question, being without the I
sanction of express law, is illegal and e
an usurpation.
It is conceded that the Governor
cannot remove a constitutional officer,
and that he cannot resort to suspension a
where a mode of accomplishing that r
object has been provided by law. t
The offices of Secretary, Treasurer
and Auditor are not positions of the r
legislative or judicial departments. f
Hence, the argument against the in-I
terference of one branch of the gov- t
ernment with the duties of another,
has no application in this case.
Here the question is not one of re- t
r moval and thus creating a vacancy,
but of suspension; so that the problem I
to be solved is whether in the absence I
of ;any constitutional or statutory pro
vision an emergency might not arise I
in which the Governor n mild be jus- i
tiftled in suspending an officer from hid
Undoubtedly emergencies may hap- I
pen in which the public interests would I
be protected by prompt and speedy I
action, before the Legislature could be
convened or a criminal prosecution
could be terminated. Indeed, emer
gencies may happen in which the law
had made no provision whatever. In
such cases what steps can be legally
taken s The Legislature not being in
session, perhaps can do nothing; and
the judiciary could not take cogni
zance of the matter. But is the Gov
ernor powerless to act Are his hands
tied to the extent of compelling him
to remain passive, and witness a rep
etition or continuance of fraud and
peculation without the right to inter
fere? Around the offices of Auditor
and Treasurer guards have been
placed, and certain of their acts are
declared to be misdemeanors and
higldy venal offences; but as to un
lawful acts on the part of the Secreta
ry the law is silent. No oicial act oficial act of
his, either of nonfeasance, misfeasance
or malfeasance, is made criminal by
r statute, and yet, so far as executive
power is concerned, he can, it is
claimed, set the law at defiance. Some
of hisduties are prescribed by the con
stitution and others by legislative net
Satment. Suppose the Treasurer sheold
Sppropriate to his own use the fnemds
of the State, is power lodged nowhere
to apply a prompt and efficient rem
edy? In the former supposition, the
law furnishes none, and in the latter
the slow process of accusation, indict
ment and trial, or of examination aind
report by named ofiicials, must be re
sorted to, and in both, according to
s the argument, the Executive is with
Sout authority.
In the words of the constitution,
1 not simply the executive power, but
1 the supreme executive power" is
t vested in the Chief Magistrate; that
is to say, he may use authority which
does not reside elsewhere. He is
sworn to support the constitation.
Article 65 requires him to to ake care
t that the laws are faithfully executed.
This injunction forms a separate and
distinct article, as if to make the
t requirement more emphatic. It is a
command; it imposes an imperative
duty; it is an investment of power
not delegated to either of the other
branches of the Government; apd if
a it can be used only where express'law
defines and authorizes its exercise, the
r article is a dead letter and means
a nothing. On what' occasions and in
a what manner shall he take care that
the laws be faithfully executed Not
B by remaining an idle spectator of of
Sfcial infidelity, but by stepping for
ward at once and protecting the nter
est of the State, especially where no
remedy is expressly provided. Where
a remedy and a mode of procedure are
provided, they must be followed, but
where they are not provided, the Gov
ernor still is commanded to see to the
I faithful enforcement of the law; aml
I having that power he also hielthe ad
ditional power to carry the express
a grant into effect, and this implied au
thority may be used in such manner
as to reader it effectual. Therefare, if
e he is to take care that the lawsbe
faithfully executed, he has the power
to take such means as may be neces~
e sary to their execution; and i( in the
performance of this clear and impns
t tive duty, it becomes necessary to as
s pend an unfaithful offcer titn his
functions, the right to do eols evidtnt.
s The care which he most take must be
e construed to extend to all eases in
which the public welfare is MJsaazsd,
and n" irpress provisoe n exists to
remedy the evil.
Article 122 of the eonstmtation re
quires all officers to dishbarge their
duties until their successors are quali
fled, except jn ,cses of iipeachmnet
or suspensio fle powarf.suspen
sion is thus distinetly recog"ied as
residing somewhere, and wsphe law
is silent who ean exercise it ,Cearly
not the judiciary, .and a Legi ature
adjourned is powerless. The eacep
tions stated in the article are i .the
disjunctive, so that the one may exist
without the other. Consequently it
cannot refer to suspension as an inde
pendent act; and since the .onistitu
tion does not expressly cenfer the
right upon the Legislature, nor limit
its exercise to that .body, it ay, in
case of mergea.s be exerased by the
Chief Magistrate.
The right of the Governor.to ejer
cise power not expressly delegated to
him by law is upheld by the Supreme
Court, in the case of Mahan s. D*tbu
clet, 22 An., 602. The appeal in that
case was taken by the Executive, the
Attoreey Gxnesta being then absebt.
A motion was made to dismiss the ap
peal On the ground, among others,
thiat the Governor was without power
to prosecute it. The court said: This
ground is untenable, the Governor be
ing the proper representative of the
State and bound to protect her inter
ests,
I have no doubt, therefore, that the
Governor has a right to suspend an
officer wbhe in his opinion it becomes
necessary to do so iu ordr to protect
the interests of the State.
Even under our syste_ of Goverp
ment, where ll auithority emanates
from the people, the Chief Magistrate
is not designed to he mere automa
ton, bound to follow none bet specifi
cally prescribed rules,
Elevated to the highest dignity of
the Sutat, he is clothed with extraor
diunary power, apparently to enable
him to take responsibilities whenever
the e.igencies of the moment require
prompt action, and the faculty. of
granting relief is not granted by ex
press law.
Under these considerations the court
is not at liberty and it is not within its
province to Inqtfir into the reasons
assigned by the Governor for the sus
pension of the Secretary, or of their
sufficiency.
Let these proceedings be dismissed
with costs,
-'-m .1
The Handsome Xayoress of the
Communists.
Galignani furnishes a report of the
trial of Marie Leroy, widow, who was
called "the hndsome Mayorees of
the Communists." She was charged,
first, with having, by cries and men
aces, endeavored to exeite an at
tempt to cause devastation and mas
sacre in the city of Paris; second, of
complicity in assisting Urbain in his
violence and robbery of a person
named Landau; third, of complicity
in the abstraction of the funds destined
for instruction in the Seventh aron
dissemont (St. Germain). The pris
oner, who is a good looking young
woman, fair, with bright blue eyes,
twenty-one years of age, was ele.Itiy
dressed. During UlQ fSst siege of
Paris, she replaced the p musemet of
the theatres and J wbhice had
been closed by the exrctewen.t of poli
ties. She attelded the varjous cufib,
and frequently addresse the audi
ences, who were faseigted by her
beauty, and her r"eday ow of Jan
guage. At one of toese, the Pre au
Cleres, Rue du B$c, a)b encountered
Urbain and speedily obtained an un
~bouaded empire over him. After
wards, when the Commune was insti
tuted and he wa" delegated t9
administer in the Seventh arondisseR
meat, she aeeompanied him to the
Marie, where they took up their
abode, and she appears to have
usurped an unlimite. authirity, and
to have been the soul of the iasurrec.
tion in that quarter, and to hatv
been the instigator of numerous
resharches, in which abe generally
,a eonipaied Urbai. In one of these
exrplitioni. that 'mentioned in the
in ctmen, she wrim a&msed1'a fi g
carried a. the jewelIy ifoulr~arian
das, and witnesses wr ead to
prove that they had seen her Wearing
rings belonging tb that person. Al
though possessed of nomeaeAs of her
own, she made herself comaplsuuas by
her purchases of-expensive articles,
and putiudelrly as rag Pds her deas.
A number of 4iftnesses Were called to
establish the foregoa~g &thet, and after
an eloquent gddesas, from M. Andre
Rousselle, in defence of the accused,
the latter, on being asked if she any
thing to ad#, protested her innocence
and dse)ke that she would rather
lose her ,d e thaq Be ,onvicted of
theft. eort, after an hour's
,deibe ratlo', fotfnd her guilty on the
first and scpnd eoasts, idth ~atnu_
Seruaesspes, a muitted her oe
the, hird, and sentenced Apr po simple
transportation,
On teIng dwn a portion at o
religtiJ ed giJheesatl 4 ferd,
shire, gg)sad,' te woarlaFj p carme
r upon an oratory hidden hi tih thick
f ness of the wads, an!'covered by the
paeling of the adjacent seenp. It conm
rg aa library of the earliest
Protestant tlieolog ,of the 'ipe of the
re emratIoi, conceale, ra sur
iag the reign of lloe4y njy,when
posesseion-of sw books .44soni
a the owner to Irea avnd f oa
other works are some of ý"on Rnopx
writings, and a complete copy of the
i llrst English, or C~ovewdale's, tra. st.
tion of theBibleiJ,