JOHN O.-CROWN,
BDITOrt AND PnO.pRIETOR.
JjE/1 RYVILI.M, CLARKK to., VA. 1
—!t
THURSDAY, I^EriiMREH 14,1871.
mmmmmmmammmmmmmmrnimammmmmmm wnmamm.
Yhi Pritore of W*1 heir appnicnt to the
<r*>Wt* »f 0:eat Britain,*is lying dnngtrtvosly
ill s>t (lie royal jm’nce of Sandringham, Eng.
Jatnj There ii.rB Bcorcoljr r:ny 'Jakes' tnter
taiutJ that he wi 1 recover. Ilia til*care dr
typhoid.ft.ver^-*-•■
Tnr. Wiiaktom Twal.—The triul of Mr'.
"V^harton, of Baltimore. indicted for poisonir g
and murdering G' u. Ketchutn, at her o»o
bouse, in .June last, is uow going on at An
napolis, Ml- The testimony fur.the prosecu
tion is now being taken, end, thus far, doe*
•not Establish a clear case against the accused
Fine is JIager-iTowh.—X largo fire oc
curred in Hagerstown, M l., last week, which
destroyed a muebino shop, the Episcopal
TJhnrch, Court-house, and ono or two other
buildings. One man was killed and scver»;
severely injured in endeavoring to save the
Cdurt-house—tho dome of which was on fire,
nod fell upon the firemen. The origin of tin
fire was the work of incendiaries.
Toe President’s Message is too long to he
published in our columns, and in lieu thcicot
ave publish mi our first page the cornnvtits o(
the,Baltimore Sun on this document. As
geueral thing, messages of this kind nreabwi
to readers, which is another rcaseu for our not
publishing it.
The President sugar-coats hi* Ku k'ux
outrage against South Curoliua by recom
mending general amnesty. The tone of his
message is moderate; so was his inaugural ad
dress, and h s report, when a Geueral of tin
army, ou the condition of affairs in the South;
and yet f.o lean has shown more vindictive*
niss towards the people of the Southern Stater
than President Grant. We have no confi
dence in the man's sincerity—n «r i* it expec
ted that we should, alter what ho ha* done,
iiis forte is bull-pups and fast horses, not
governing agre.it people.
CuNo«:;ss.— This body has 1 een in session
a wick, witL but little interest attached t<■
its, “doings.” Senator Blair asked f >r the np
p iutmcul of a committee to inquire ii.to thr
action of the President fn deviating mania
law in South Carolina, but bis resolution was
voted down by a large majority. There is
sortie hope for tho passage of an amnesty bill
by Christman, wl ich will remove the disabil
ities of all persons, except a few of our lead
ers in the late “rebt liion.” Sumner has in
troduced a bill, making compulsory equal
privileges aud accommodations for pioplo of
color in churches, hotels, public conveyances,
dlvea-Ues, dL-c., aud iu bis argument in suppor*
of the passage of the lull, sai l, Congress
Could do-nothm~ better than to take this bill
up and pass it as a Christmas gift to the col
ored peaple of this country."
And this is the tnan the democracy talks of
acting with in support of a Ptesidentin 1372.
Jt would be a .good iJoa to hand over our
churches, hotels, theatres, &c and let Sum
ner run them, and make hint pay the owners
sis per cent, on the valuation of their prop
erty while lie is engaged in the business. We
think lie would soon Gnd that the business
didn’t pity, and that be would smell his own.
instead of “nigga’s foot burning.” The.
‘■.Chiiatniss gift” be proposes for the colored
people would be far from producing “peace
un earth aud good will to men.” In theS >uth
business is ciipple i enough .now-.by radical
legislation, but a worse state of tilings v.’oulo
be inaugurated by the adoption of this bill
If the opportunity is wanting to place the
whole South under martial law, tire passage
of this iniquitous measure will atford it at
once.
-The Amebicas Acr-iccmuiust for De
comber has been received. This is an iilus
,trated journal, which the fanner will find t
be of advantage in the pursuit of bis avoca
:tion. It is very cheap—only $150 a year
■Commence with the January number and try
it a yea*. Orange Judd Co., publishers,
245 Broadway, Hew York.
Die Mode.nwklt for December has reached
us, and continues in attiactivcness. A new
year is ab'UtJtocommrnio, and an} one wish
ing an excellent fashion magazine should send
•for it. Besides its numerous fashion plates,—
one of which is iu colors—a largo pattern
sheet accompanies each number. Price $3 a
year. Single copies 35 cts. S. T. Taj lor,
.publi-her, 301 Cm»! street, New Yoik.
We have received the December Fouo,
which maintains its position as the leading
mimical periodical The illustration this
month is of Catnmilla L’rso. the celebrated
l'dy violinist. The music is especially ryp
.propriate for the season, six of its nine pages
Composing beautiful Chris’in is Carol;; aud
<tbe instiumental piece is a charming compo
sition eniii'eJ “Say to bitn Waltz." The read
ing matter is up to its high standard, ai d it
will commence its new volume with addition
al attractions, under the editorship of Mr.
George Lowell Austin. Published bj White,
Smith Perry. B stun, at one dollar a year
.'iiout 100 cases on the trial docket of the
‘United Slates Court of Claims, have on mo
tion. bea'. postponed, and are awaiting the
ainnestw si, cision if ihu United States Su
preme Court, as to .whether ihc act of a presi
dential pardon for disloyalty entitles the sub
ject to testify in a claim'against the govern
ment. The majority of these cases are claims
for Cotton seized by the govurumeut duiing
the war.
I The Secretary of the Treasury recommends
in bis report, a reduction of tin* tmiff to tin
e> tent of twenty millions, and i f, internal rev
<nue to the am unt of seventeen .million-,
utMubing all the internal taxes, except those
upon ►JWlitons, vinous and malt liquors and
ti bacco, of course including the income tax_
This, be says, can now be dons and still leave
$50,000,000 annually for the ^eduction of the
debt.
m
The New York Evening Tost anti tho Tri
bune strongly wisiain the recommendation of
Postmaster General Cfeswell for the abolition
of the franking privilege. The Post says that
“the time has uow arrived to do it, and the
Uliii'f «b*Ut,i$ psetwk” s
THE GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
Tl'.ls is really a good paper, exhibiting
throughout tlie practical sen*6 and wisd<>tn of
its author, as well as showing a truo appre
ciation of the wants of the State.
Starting out with tho question of immigra
tion, lie urges upon the attention of tho legis
lature tho necessity for Immediate legislation
looking to a change of the tide of immigration
Southward. With nn area of upwards of 24,
000,000 acres, we liavo but little more than
8.01)0.000 under cultivation; our wealth of
minerals, of water power, and advantages of
climate and location, are all permitted to re
main unproductive. This is attributed, in a
great mea*tu/e, to the want of population.
Wc cannot give, in detail, tho scheme which
the Governor proposes, ns a menus of indu
cing immigration. It contemplate*—
1. The organization at the capital of a bu
reau of immigration, composed of a directoi
from each congressional district, and one from
the State at large, the latter to be a salaried
officer.
2 The nppoiutm«nt of agencies in Europe
to facilitate advertising such lands as aro in
market, and to lt d and assist the emigrant.
3. A-depot at Norfolk, whero their wants
may be supplied, and transhipment made at
the least expense,
4. The preparation of a pamphlet contain
I ing a description of the lands for sale in the
I State, mid providing for an authority irrevo
cable to be given to the commissioners to sell
I the lands, for on official survey, maps, &c.
There are some defects in the plan, as to
minor details, it strikes us. For instance, we
do not like the idea of not being able to recall
the authority given to sell, but there is enough
j of raw material in the suggestions, for the
I practical sense of the legislature to work up
I into something of real use to the State. No
I scheme can be perfected at once—it will re
quire experience—but this is a step in the
right direction, and if the legislature will take
hold of it in the right spirit, wo predict good
i esults.
The Governor recommends an appropriation
of $20 000 for immigration purposes. We
would favor fur this purpose even a larger
>uin, as we believe it would be money well
invested; provi led, the salaries aro paid to
working, active men; not those of the Micau
her type, who are waiting for something to
turn up, but men who-have something to do
I now, and know how to do it.
equalization or taxes.
1 Iu thi* connection the message refers to the
iin quality of taxation, growing out of une
qual assessments of the lands of the State, and
i h e again is referred to local or county Jis
ses.-ments. The remedy suggested is tho ap
pointment o/ a State board ot equalization,
under a law to be euacted, consisting of three
gentlemen, of probity and experience.
PENITENTIARY.
This it is proposed to make self-sustaining.
Its cost to the State for the last fiscal year is
put—exclusive of cost of permanent improve
ments—at $70,000. The salaries of the iffi
ers, including c< ir.missions to the gentra!
a.euf, amounts in all to upwards of $11 000.
Hi esc salaries he proposes to abolish, as well
.is the office of geneial agent. Tho plan con
templates devolving the duties of the agent on
the superintendent, and in lieu <>f salaiies to
give a p’r cent, on sales to. tho superintendent
and assistant keepers—the latter to have
chaige of the different branches of manufactu
iing.
EDUCATION.
Uudor this head the -message contains n
first-rate suggestion: that it should be provided
by law that no one should vote unless he pays
his head tax; and recommends for the relief
of property that the constitution should be so
amended as to allow the imposition of ahead
tax of two dollars, instead of one. This co
incides with a .suggestion we made six months
ago.
FINANCES.
The view taken of the finances of tho State
is decidedly encouraging. Wo shall puhli.-h
this section of tho message entire next week.
It recites that by the .first of January there
will pruhf.bly he $30,000,000 of the State
debt funded, under the provisions of the fun
ding bill, and upon which interest will then
have to be paid. After crediting the .State
with the various amounts received from the
sale of her stocks in the different works of in
ternal improvement in tho Stale, and assets
collected and to-be collected front other sour
ces, the Governor says: “I am satisfied that
"tho debt ou which we shall have to pay in
terest under .the funding act will not exceed
$26,000,000, on which the annual interest
"would he SI 620,000.” 'ibis amount, ad
ded to legislative expenses, and the expenses
of administration—which the message states
should not exceed $G00 000—in all, $2 200.
000, would be the amount tube raised l.y tax
ation. rJ he amount of revenue raised the pre
sent year from taxation is stated to bo $2,
213 322 27. These figures would seem to in
dicate that the pay mint of the pub’io debt of
the Slate is entirely practicable, and that,
without increasing the burthens of the people.
The message favors fewer courts and a less
number of Judg's.
In regard.to elections, it proposes to hold
all State elections in May, for the purpose of
getting iid ol federal bayonets, and because
more convenient to our people. This is. an
important suggestion, and we hope will be
.acted upon.
It is hard down ou the .nets of Congress,
popularly know a as tho Enforcement nud
Ku-klux acts; shows conclusively that this
legislation has no foundation either in the
constitution or in the recent Amendments
Ills views upon the sttspet siou of the writ of
habeas corpus arc statesmanlike and to the
point, and lead us to conclude that.while an
enemy to secession, he is exceedingly hostile
to that more dangerous extreme, consolidation,
founded in usurpation and .supported by the
bayonet.
The message urges strongly tho collection
of taxes from the various railroad companies j
of the State, and can see no reason why cor-
porMions should be exempt any moro than j
individuals. .This is a g<s*d idea, too, bnt we j
AvishitJutd gone a little further and recom
mended tho amendment or re-enactment of
our general railroad law, sons to restrict them
in their exorbitant charges for transporta
tion.
On the whole, we think the message pre
sents an encouraging view of the affairs of the
State, from which our people may well take
new hope, and be eticngtbemd to bear tLe
burthens which >rt upon them.
CoLoRED CITIZENS AMD TIS GkAMD D’JKB
Thomas -Cheater, colored, x)f Harrisburg,
Pa., wiio bus figured in the ucWApnpefa before
ns n barrister, &0., applied, to the committee
in Philadelphia to purchnae n ticket to ti e
bull in t'.int city to tbc Grand Duko .Ai<s.
hut. was refused. Chester it seem*, had nn
interview with the Emperor of. UuMiia a year
or two ago, niul.il well n rjuninted with the
fiii'haired Alexis. This refusal has tint only
gt-ratiy disappointed Mr. Chester, hut has
created considerable talk among certain news
papers. Chester is repotted to have said: “I
have I be right to attend the funeral* of the
dead white tn«n, as I did attend the funeral
of General Gregory, hut it seems I cannot be
permitted to go to a living white man's ball.1’
lie did not get hia ticket. Another, colored
nnu, named Dorsey, who lives in Locust *t.
Philadelphia, was refused in the sanio way,
which, in a published letter to the Grand
Duke, he attribute* “to that flunky spirit in
certain poor-souled republican Americans,
who, while they r.re ever so ready to fawn
upon the great, are also ever roidy to insult
the humble and fiieml'ess.”
More South Carolina Arrests.—The
Utiiouville Times reports the nriest by Uni
ted States soldiers of six more citizens, in
cluding Dr. Wade Fowler, “one of the best
men in the State, who had come to the vil
lage from Gowedeysville, nineteen miles,
where he resides, to transact some business
with the probate judge, ami was ni rested in
the street and is now confined in jail.”
The Spartan (Sparlansburg) reports the ar
rest of four n.ore prominent citizens. Several
had been released. Messrs. C. P. Turner and
Daniel Autlmny, after three weeks' imprison
ment, were can led he fro the commissioner
for the pprposo of investigating their cases.
Not a particle of testimony could ho brought
against them—not a witness or an allidavit
having been made against them, wo suppose
—upon mere suspicion. Among the long list
confined in j id is one miuister of tho Gospel,
llev. W- D. Lancaster.

Governor Hoffman Again.—The Albany
Argus has the following remai.kallo statement
in relation to the political status of Governor
Hoffman.
“We have no doubt that Governor Hoffman
sees that the exigence of the hour is to arrest
national corruption and to avert the threat
ened destruction of our government. And
when the Evening Post nporter says that 'he
i* ready t« not with Horace Greeley, Carl
Scliurz and Charles Sumner, iu fotmirg a par
ty on the basis of nation reform, a strict con
struction of the constitution and the suprema
cy f the civil over the military power,’ he
does not misrepresent his opinion* and pur
poses.”
Nilsson's Ap ueu.—On Tuesday Miss
Nilsson, the cant.itiice, made her nppoarance
in Essex niaiket police court. New York, to
make complaint of Charles Theodore Busch,
a German musician, who had made hia way
to her room, after several unsuccessful at
tempts, to declare his passion. While the
magistrate anas making out Ids commitment
as a‘ disorderly person,” Busch seized Miss
Nilsson’s cloak and kissed it rapturously, hut
it was jerked away by .an indignant officer.—
Busch, it appears, was similarly affected some
years ago in-Spain toward the singer .Guz
man. He is of course insane.
FotvrrNATR Di;COVKtir —Tbo contractors
on t.be :Lynchburg and Danville railroad, in
searching fir rock suitable for culverts and
other stone work, have discovered on the land
of Mr. Win. Payne a quarry of the finest
granite, said hy competent judges to be equal
to any in the world.—Lyn>'hbarj Va Xcw.i.
Several severe shocks of earthquake oc- j
curred in Ir<01 county, Utah, on the 5th and j
Gth, accompanied by a louj noise.
i
The largast salary paid to a railroad official i
in the United Stairs is $30,000, and ITesi-
dent Gowan.of the {leading roaJ gets it.
Blatkm re, the independent candidate for
Mayor of Pittsburg, was elected over Morgan,
Republican, by 1,247 majuity.
Sicretary of State Cardozo, colored, of
South Carolina, remains jrm in his refusal tr>
deliver over any more of the State bonds to
the ring.
The celebrated stallion Gobi Dust for which
the owner was offered $50,000 a few da> s
ago, died on Sunday, at 'Louisville, Ky., ol
inti imation of tho bowels.
The full length picture of Lee in uniform,
ordered of Elder hy the city of Savannah,
h is licet) completed. a..d is now on exhibition
at Richmond, Virginia.
A .mustang mare, owned hy a-Colonel Dick
ey ol San Francisco, has been humanely forced
to trot t wenty miles on a heavy track iu fifty
nine minuted and thirty seconds.
The Mormons are giving up ail hopes of
maint doing tho practice of polygamy, but
some believe that Congress will allow twenty
five years, more cr less, for its gradual aboli
tion.
The entire bar of the ninth judicial district
of North Carolina have united in a memorial
to the Legislature, praying that action bo ta
ken for the removal of Judge Logan, fer in
competency.
The Union Pacific mails are coming over
Kansas Pacific railroad now from Cheyenne,
on account of the snow. Five passenger
t r iirig are blocked between Laramie and
Cheyenne.
Ex-'P esident Johnston fs utterly opposed
to the passive policy, and is reported by an
inter viewer of the Cincinnati Commercial ns
saying that a surrender is as 1 a I as a defeat.
Mr. Johnston, naturally is not passive.
The Senate of North Carolina on the 2d
inst., adopted a resolution instructing the At
torney General to proceed by habeas corpus
to test the legality of tho arrest of certain cii
izens of North-Carolina in their own Stale!
without warrant Ly .soldiers of the United
States operating in-South Carolina.
The Richmond Enquirer says that General
Taylor never said—“A little moro grape,1
Capt..Drang," at the battle of lluena Vista.
The words were put forth by Judge Walker,
then editor of the N. 0. Delta, to express
what he had ,Ro doubt. Old Zucb thought on!
that occasion.
The Secretary of the Treasury in bis report
recommends that the National Banks be forced
to subscribe for the now loan, at a diminished
rate of interest, to an amount equal to the de
posits required of them to secure their circu
lation, .and that if they do not, other banks
be allowed “to succeed to their franchises and
rights."
The sloop Virginia, Captain Branndl, left
Alexandria, Va., ot: the 6th instant, for Bry
an’s point, Maryland, but had proceeded only
as far down the river ns the month of ‘Hunt
ing Creek when she was cut through by the
ice and was found to bo in a sinking condi
tion. She was kept afloat until she was
brought back to the city, by which timo the
water had gained so that it Lad put out the
fire. in.the, cabin stove.
Gov..Brown, of Missouri, in liis message to
the Legislature of that State, recommends a
radical revision of the revenue laws and of the
payment in gold of the interest on the State
bonds With reference to national affairs lie
deprecates the tendency to centralization nt
the expense i f local State governments mid
severely criticises tbs Njii -usl Ada inistra
tiuo. 1
They have a Midden way of doing thinpe
in Texas. The people of Limestone comity
were in November taxed $50 000 to defray
the expenses Attendant upon tho elTorte of the
Itfpub'ionn party there to retain power and
to compensate 9 ntarandiug militia, whole
business it is to travel over the County to ter
rify Democrats, watch those who are work
ing, and collect taxes. Unly thfep days' time
was given to pay the above sum. On failure
to make prompt payment those having prop
erty, on which taxes were levied, were obliged
to t-co the same sold for such j.tice as it Would
bring. r
i
Process or Confmikkate War Materi
al.—A special cable telegram states tlurt in
a recent suit nt London of tho United fcjtatps
vs, the Blakely Arms Company, do< ision has
been rendered ordering all proceeds of the sale
of war material belonging to the lute Confed
erate States lip paid to the American Consul
for the United State* government. Proceed
ing on this basis, it will be held a'so that the
United Slates government is hound to pay
the obligations of the late Southern Coyfede
racy to foreigners.
FOUR KVILS. —Whoever habitually uses any
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer” will be
likely to suffer from four evil*, viz.: au overplus
of lb d an tho stomach, impaired ability to digest
it, the pangs of dyspepsia, and a doetoi’a bill.—
Du. WalKeu's VicosrABi.G Vinequi Bitixhs, tho
great Teetotal Restorative of the age, without over
stimulating the palate or irritating tho stomach,
imparts a healthful appetite, promotes digestion,
regulates the liver and bowel;, purifies the blood,
and thus, instead of entailing four evils, confers
four inestimable benefits.
PEN KTR ATIN0 to tho source of disease in the
secretions and the circulation, regulating every
organ, and bracing every nerve and tibre of the
body, Or. Walker’s Vinegar Bitters are effecting
the most astonishing cures of indigestion, billious
ness, nervous v eakness, rheumatism, scrofulous
disorders, and chronic constipation, that the world
has eycr witnessed.
MAGIC OF TUG MOCTU—Odoriferous Fozo
dont, renders the mouth enchanting, composed of
rare, antispeptic herbs, it imparts u hitenefs,to the
teeth, a delicious flower-like aroma to the breath,
and preserves intact, from ygulh to age the teeth.
“»'I10 WILL SUFFER?"— It is now 21 years
since l)r. Tobias’ Venetian I.iniment was put be
fore the public, warranting it to cure Chronic
Rheumatism, Headache, Cuts Burn*. Bruises, Old
Sores, Pains in the Limbs Back and Chest; and it
has never failed. Sold by druggists. Depot, Hi
Park Place,'New Yoik.
THE HUMAN HAIIt.—Barnett’s Cncnalne, a
compound of Co oa nut o.l, etc., is unrivalled as a
dressing for the hair. For sale by all diuggiats.
PRATT’S ASTRAL OlL.-Not the Cheapest,
•but Safest and best Illuminating Oil for family use
ever made. Burns iu the 01 diuarv kerosene lamp.
Docs cot take tire, nor explode if the lamp is up
g't and broken. Send.for Circular, Oil (louse ol
Charles Pratt established leTQ, New York.
RISLEY’S LINIMENT—Of Arnica, Hops, Car
bolic Acid, acts as a universal external cure-all,
acting on the nerves connected with the skin. It
promptly relieves Neuralgia Pains, Cleanses and
cures old sores and ulcers, flesh wounds, buirs,
bruises, sprains, Ac. Sold everywhere at 50 cents.
Mo'giti it UiwJey, Wholesale Druggists, New
York. General Agents.
LAIRD’S BLOOM OF YOUTIT. A most de
lightful toilet preparation for beautifying the skin,
has been established over ten years; din ing that
time over one million ladies have used it; in eve
ry instance it has given entire satisfat ti<>n; it re
vives a youthful appearance. Sold at all Drutr l
gists and Fancy Goods Stores. Depot 5 Go d j
Street, New York. I
TH ANJCS TO THE TIMELY DISCOVERY of
Mrs. Windslmv’s Soothing Syrup, the hearts cf 1
many parents have been made glad by witnessing
the beneficial effects, "which this remedy never
fails to produce during the critical period of
teething.
CARBOLIC SALVE—Nothing like it ever
known before. Cuie cuts, burns, sores, wounds,
Ac. like magic. Physicians speak of It in terms
of the highest praise. Price 25 cents per box.
John F. Henry, Sole Proprietor, S. College
Place, New York.
PHYSICIANS who have prescribed Rvapnia
or Purified Opium use no other form of Opium to
their practice.
CHRISTA DORO’S HA IR DYE—If alibis hairs
were lives, Othello said, “my great revenge haih
stomach for them all.” But hair that's grey or
sandy, white or red, the ladies have no stomach
fur at all. Use Chrisdoro’s Dvo and the evil is
remedied. Manufactory, C3 Maiden Lane, New
Yoik,
THE PUREST and Sweetest Cod Liver Oil In
the world is Hazard A Caswell’s made on the sea
shore, from fresh, selected livers, by Caswell. Ha
zard A Co., New Y01 k. It is absolutely pure and
sweet. Patients who have once taken it prefer it
to all others. Physicians have decided it superi
or to any of the other oils in the market.
J0U.VINS Inodorous Kid Glove Gleaner re
stores soiled gloves e^ual to new. For sale by
Druggists and Fancy Goods Dealers. Price 25 1
cents per bottle. F. C. Wells A Co., New York. 1
1> I K 3L>
<*n the morning of theSih ilist., Willie V., only
son of William and Kate 51. F. Russell, aged two
months ami one day.
BALTIMORE MARKETS
Howard Street Flour.25»ft 50
City Mills. 7 ilia" 75
Kye Floui. 4-73a5 '.'5
Corn Meal. 3 50a3 75
White Wheat, per bushel. 1 75a 1 85
lied do do 1 70a 180
WbiteCorn dt» 0fi7a0.72
Yellow corn do 0 7t)a0 71
Oats do 0 52aO'5S
Rye do 1 COal CO
or Kent.
T have for Rent,-FOUR PLEASANT ROOMS,
suitable for a small family, which includes back
building containing two convenient rooms and
private from balance of bu Iding, for which a rea
sonable rent will bj required, of a suitable tenant.
On and after the 1st day of March, 1872, the
whole house, garden, Ac., will be for rout. The
E. ain building eontains five rooms, and back build
ing two rooms. Appiv to
GEO. C. THOMAS,
,Phu>nix Carriage Works,
deell tf Berry ville, Va.
In the Count;/ Court, i
December Holes 1871. J
•yiRQINTA, CLARKE COUNTY, Set:
At rules held in the Clerk’s Offico of the said
Court, the tiist Monday in December, 1871,
Juan N. Collier, tuudor control of his attorney,)
compt.
YS.
Stephen D. Castlcman.deft.
attachment in chancery.
The object of this suit is to recover of the de
fendant, the fdm of $34.14, costs of the suit and
proceedings under the decree of April term, 1871,
o the County Court of Clarke County, in the
cause of John N. Collier, S. 0. Castlomnn, and
to subject the real estate of the said defendant in
this County, to the payinent of tbo same when a
decree is obtained for said costs, and it appearing
by allidavit filed In this suit that the defendant is
not a resident of this State, ho is hereby required
to appear w ithjr. one month alter duo public afion
of this order, nnd.de what is necessary to protect
his interest in this matter.
A Copy Teste.
.GKO. GLASS, c. c.
D. IT. McGuire for ccmplaioant. decl4 lm
Commissioner's Office, j
Bcrryville, Detembur llih. 1871.
.1I^IIIG1K1 A, Clatko.county, to wit:
Jacob Islor’s Executor.compt.
VS.
Rebecca A. Williams’ Adm'r.. and others....defls.
IN CHANCERY.
At the October term, 18f8, of the Cippuit Court
c of Clarke, this cause w as referred to one of the
commissioners of said Court, who «bali state, set
tle and adjust the accounts of William A. Castle
man, executor of Jacob Idler, dec’d., so at to as
cot tain the share of George H. Islor therein, and
make report thereof to the S'id Court, in order to
a final decree, and the Contmissionershall also nti
dit the claims of the creditors of said George H.
taler, haring liens on the fund and repot t the
amounts due to them and each of them and their
priorities.
I hereby notify all parties and creditors inter
ested in the subject matter of this decree, that I
will proceed to execute its provisions at my office
in Iierryville, Va., on Monday, January 16lb,
1873. CARTER M. LOUTHAN,
Oommisrtoner in Chancery.
For Circuit Court of Clarke. Co.,’Va.
A. W. MeDecald, p. <j. dvt U 5t
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Rent.
The underfignod off-r* 1'OR R§r.T tlio homo
oeotiph d by Mr. Willi-ghsin. situated in llrrrV
rillu, V*. T erms Will accommodating. Ai-rlv
to V. L. C. 1IUKWKU,.
decl4 3t Winchester, Va.
PUBLIC SALE
OF HOUSE AND LOT
IN THE BLUE RlUGE MOUNTAIN.
¥1Y virtue i f a decree, rendered al the Nov.
term.1871, of the County Court of Ciaike,
I will offer for aa'p,j»t public auction, in front
of the Court-IB-nse, in Berry ville, oil
Saturday, flu: IBM day of January, 1872,
at 10 o’clock, 1’. M a House and 18 acres of
ground—rnoro or |es«—situated on the Blue
Ridge Mountain!*, about two mdes from Ber
ry's Feirv, and at present the property of
Wesley Russell.
TEItaiS OF HALE.
So much in cash as will pay costs of suit
and sale—the residue in three equal annual
payments, represented by the purchaser's j
bunds, three several singlo bills and bearing J
interest from day of sale. Tho deferred pay
ments to be secured by deed of trust on tin
property sold—the singlo bili first falling due
tti have personal security—and to he deferred
to «he other two in the lien retained on the
properly. A. MOURE, Jit
d'e 1 -I 6t Special Commissioner.
Public Sale
OF
Real Estatejn Berryville,
¥¥Y v.iitne of a decree, rendered at the Qc
toher term. 1871. of the Circuit (’Quit m
fluke, I will off-r (or sale, at public auction,
in limit of the C"iirt-llni>p in Berry vil e. on
Saturday, the lJJf/t day of January, 1872,
it 12 o'clock, M., ibe M. E. Church Bnildii g
and Lot, situated on Main sheet, near the t II
gate.
TEIIMS OF SALE.
So much cash as may he necessary to pay
o #tsof suit and sale, J.Iijl- icsidye in ihrei
'■qual annual payments, lepreseuted hy tin
bonds of the pui'cbaser uroT bearing interest
frirni day ol sale—the deferred payments to
be secured by died of t-ost on the pr--peit>
sold—the bond fir.'t falling due to have per
sonal security and to ha deferred to the two
last lu the lien retail ed upon the property.
A. .MylORiv da
dcel4 5t Special Commissioner.
Trust Sale of Land.
By virtue of an order in the Circuit Coin
of Choke county at its May tirin 1371. th*
undersigned sithsiilnted trustee in a deed ol
trust from John II. Crehha a;:d M oi l L In-
wile, and ui. LI. C dston, to Maitin Quant
Trustee, icronled in 111'- County Court ol
.Cl-irlte, Book F. page 781 and dated 28:li f j
November, 18o8, will at .the r.equc't of lean
Kr-h! s one of the creditors secured in saiu
deed expose at public auction ti the highest j
hid.'cr hi foie lIn Court House door ill Berry
villa, Chute county, Va
On hiday, tki 19th day of January, 1872,
the tract of land in said deed Conveyed, 11
same Icing in Clarke, county Virginia, ad
joining the lands of Curler’s heirs. Mrs Elizi
heth Glover, ^dis.-« J'.mily Bell and others, con
t lining ah -at
One Hundred Acres
more or le.-s, ami is n-nv in the possession of
John R. Shunt under a deed fr- in Win. II
C-dston and wife conveying flo ir equity.
The sale will he made for the payment o'
seven purchase money Ronds, of $300 each,
given hy said C-dston subject to such credit.
as lie or hi» vendee of said Sty art may he eo
titled to and the interest thereon,
TERMS OF SALE—Cash.
a. w. McDonald,
deel4 Substituted tiustce.
Christmas Greeting
IC IflE FfilENDS AND PYTHONS OF TUB
Baltimore Cheap Cash Store!
Call in and sec, as down yf«n go,
The iic, Cue i* Conns of K OS Id A CO.,
The nun her plain vnur eyu.< ill greet,
One bought and Eight, upon Mail) struct,
From Tayli r Ilotol one door South,
As plain as nose abuse.your mouth,
Or rather, to make matters straight,
We'll call the Number 109.
II- re you will find, of various shades,
Paid Serges (-olid color),. Hi aids,
PI..ill Woolen Poplins, I'.mpicss Cloth;,
All woolen tcx’ure, free from moths,
Opt r.i Fiaunels, plain and plaid,
And French Mei ino1 s can be had;
Fii o Ureuklast .Shawls, an 1 Worsted Ilocds,
Can here be seen with Oilier bloods—
Fm4, fine lllack Cloths, a numerous store
CHr.APEK tjian ever bought before.
Fall, Winter styles of Calico
For stormy weather all the ‘'go,"
Single ami Double Shawls (good style),
To keep you warm and dry the while;
Corded Alpaca, French Sateen,
Full good enough for any Queen;
1C-1 Sheeting bleached and bi own,
As CHEAP as any in this town.
Coots and Shoes for Men and Coys,
Ladies’, Misses’ Hobbcttylnyi,
Made by workmen strong and neat,
To please the mind and lit the feet,
As the immortal Shak’speare s/.ys
In one of bis renown-ed plays,
The /’ricet Loio, to suit the purse,
Go farther, and you may lain worse,
And to the cud ol life deplore,
The day you slighted KUSE’gi ST.OREI
Sashes and Ribbons, every grade,
Spool Cotton, Pins ard Needles, Braid,
Cloths, .water-proof!, at $1 per yard,
All double-width, nud well prepared,
Coatings and Cassimeres, good shape,
Gloves, Scissors, Notions, Cotton, Tape—
Laces and II,lkf vaiicty,
Put chased arid used in good society.
Silks, S..tins, Ladies* Hose, galore,
lloop-Skii ts and Corsets a good store,
llo.-iery, and Damasks rare,
Towels and Napkins all beyond compare.
Tickings, l.dgings. Men’s Half nose,
CJankcts Plain, and lilunkets Rose,
(Flannels Red, and F'lannels White,
Which keep von cosily at night;
Solid colored Serges, Plaid,
For almost nothing can be had;
Excelsior Balmorals, (a prize!)
To Ladies’ please of every tizel
lnser lings, Osnaburgs. Delaine,
(All woolen) and (he like again
You’ll never see unless you try
At RQt}E„<^ CO., as you pass by.
The fame has spread both far and wide.
From lowly cot to mountain side,
That all are pleased who chance to go,
And purchase Goods of ROSE,A. CO.;
Bo call and see. without delay,
Defer not another day,
Co wjse, and don’t procrastinate,
Or ipnv-be you will bo too‘late;
Remember, too, the adage fine,
One stitch, in season, oft saves nine.
There’s Rushsll, Junior, K. J. Rku>,
Will wait upon you in vour need,
Cose, Rhode ap'd Sydnoii no tvavs slow.
Will welcome you to ROSE A Cl).,
With right good will, and in a trice,
Exhibit everything that's nice.
At an ACCOMMODATING PRICE.
dccl4’71.
lORSALIJ.
A second-hand SINGLE HAIiNKSS, in
good condition. Price $10. Apply to
3. 1 MILTON.
NK\V AlJVfellTlSKMKN'fa.'
ST AINTON &ArnSTF E M A LK IN£T.~f
STAUNTON, Va’.
Tlii* Rehndl, now )n Hi aecond Session, to end
tbe lant of Juno, offer*, along with ft )>li setinl home,
an unusually solid course of study in Science and
Literature, and the best advantages in Music,—
Students are admitted nt any time, and special
classes formed for them Mf necessary. Charge for
Boat d and Tuition, including tliu Language* and
Music, $30 per month. Addrea
JOHN HART, M. A., Princtpat.
A full and complete history of Chicago, her pint,
present and future. With graphic aeonea, inei
denla and lull details nl the disaster, by Geo. I’.
Upton,and .1. \V. .Sheahan, editors of tho Chicago
Tribune. With over 400 pages, and tiU illueti atlor.l.
It is now remit' for delivei v.
AGENTS \V A N'TKD.- He mi $1.00 Tor outfit std
choice ot ton Ilnrv. Union Publishing Co., CL l*
engo, 111., or Pbfla Pit
PLANTERS, FARMERS AND GARDENERS,
aoaicRinte fob
THE AMERICAN FARMER,
Vow combined with the Rurnl Register, and pub
lished monthly at I'Ll U North Street, Baltimore,
Md., by "Samuel Sands Son. It ta the'oldeat
Agi (cultural Journal in America, and wna "Con
ducted over 25 years by our Senior! New aOrlys
begins Jnnuury' let, 1H72. $150 a year, Id ad
vance; 5 copies, 1) for $10, Send for Pro
spectus, Pretnium Lists. Ac._
READ Cb^rlotteaville (Vn.) C'hrmiiclef Wido
"Awake. Specimen copies for stamp.
UNIVERSALISM,
Send for free sample copy of the CHRISTIAN
LEADER, a first-class weekly journal, publi.-h d
by the New I'mk State Convention of Universal
jiits, and containing the Sermons of Jtr. El. II.
Chapin. Terms $2.50 per year. Addl'dJ. pub
lisher CHRISTIAN LEADER, I2s8 Broadway,
New Yoik City. _
ROt It YKA K.
NEW YORK OBSERVER.
$3 per Annum, including Year Bock for 1871.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, JR. A CO.,
37 pa tvs now, new touk.
Sample Copies Free.
'fl HUl'sliflOl.l) m'a'OTzTNK is of
j) fend trie during ilie e.in.ini: tear to
every subscriber of Merry ‘a Museum, the Toledo
If t rule, I ’.ifce: o \'s Deni in:’ at. etc.. it hirh i- an ev
idciicc el its tie, iti ami [i*»|.ula i tit. ifiii .ice 11
lev. .lane's I'a; ten. "I li.n.deee 'I* Itiin. (till llnnn'
?TimEM^™Tvrite loi ciei lie It
..flm s'ihfoe first class periodicals for the pri, enf
one ot them. A variety of premiums on equally
liberal terms. It is an original, first-class naga
zine. Vnlutin- X begins with January, '72. Tin re
specimen iupies tree. Address
S. S. W’DOu, Nvwturgh, N. Y.
V Vi hit-vA <*A' 7 J
M

ri,--v
OVER ONE HUNDR3D PAGES,
Pi inied iu two c<ilots, on supeib Tinted Paper._
Eotir liendreti liogi avings .(it Jf"ovvei.(, Plants’ and
egctables, with Descriptions'; "and
TWO COLORED PLATES.
Directions and plans for making Walks T.v.t na,
Onrder,s, jic. "I he hand-mucst uml hert'pf.OU t l,
GUIDE in the World. Ali Ju" Ten Cents, to those
who think of buviog .Seeds. \,,t u quart w ih j
cost. 200,000 sold of 1871. Address
JAMES VICK.
Rochester, N. Y.
PTITP. 1? S’ YRn Dec. No., Price 3fc..
"T .7" oJ liaa'19 pieces Vocal and In.-tr’J
J'iiim, Music, wot ih }-t in slice
lot tn. Me will mail ttt.iback
Nns. for 60c.. four for tide or
MTTftTP A T Jan-b>D?c.*7I,for*2."J5. (r«-g
AT-L L) Qa U xl Jjtt 1 ar pi ice, $3,1 If<> ni d ei p
fi.S ful.iR-1, giitaides ai d edgi
fa. The mu-ic is by Hats,
Tliote.as, Kiukcl. G'ltmod. t te.
M0NTHLY^a?./."^v.,r:K1r*
A coiiukhiihI ol'Crviwimt Acknowl
Us! l>rom> >ter of the tjrmcth ami Lean-
^rthe h ur. J M.rZlSt CJ.. Ms,ss.
ooal by a»l tlnii/irMs. tenure imitation*.
VGIi.N I.s A NT I*. I).— Ajj»'*nt.« make more inoii
ev nt work for.us than at anvthin? obw.—
Bu>iiwss li^ht .v.ul p* nr r.m nt. I'anirulnr* fi e.
&rjNSQN A Co., Pint Art Publisher*, J'or.tlaiM,
jX A Mo.vth Horse furnbluv!. Fxpcn
_jh‘8 paid._II. 11. SliAW, Alfred, Me,
VV Oil) QUACKS. A victim of eni ly indiscre
tion, causing nervous debility, prcmaiure
decay etc., liavinjj ti icd in v&*n every iidvertisi d
r oiM-dy. ba* discovered ti simple means of s< lf-curef
which he will s-otd to bi* tVUow-snfT i e? s. Ad*
dress J. li. UIt lv V 78 Arai*ua StN.
THIRTY YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
IN THE THKATMr.NT OF
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A PHYSIOLOGICAL Vll.W OK JIAlilt AGK.
The rheape,t,bo«ik ever published—couttiinirg
ni f>»ij- tin ee,hundred page*. ai:d one hundred aid
llii. t\ line plates and engravings of tin- anaiuiev
of the Human organs i.t a slate of health nod dis
ease, with a treatise on arly errois, its def lma
hle const,juences upon the niinfl and bodv, with
the author’, planm it eit;mcrit—the only ‘rational
and sure •ssl'ul oiodo of cure, ns show n l’>y a i e|m t
of cas tr at <1. A truthful adviser to' the mar
ried and those contemplating marriage, w ho en
tertain doubt, of their pin sic I condition. Sent
li ce fif ppstnjru to any address, on receipt of twen
ty-five cci,t* 'n eini ps or postal curnncv, by ad
dressirg l)a. LA CUtUX, No. 31 .Muidln Lane,
Albany, N. Y. The author may be consulted uo
on any of the diseases upon which his book treats,
cither personally or by mail, and tucdicincs scr.t
to any part ot the wot Id
TRUSTEE’S SALE OF
Store-House in Berryville.
The tin lerg'gned. as lnts'tco in n deed of
trust fi> ni 1 houias II. (In jy, now de<M., wi,l
sell, at (Mll.lic amnion, to too highest bidder,
on tl c prciuUfs, on
Saturday, the 6th day of January, 1871,
at 12 o'clock M., that Valuable BRICK S I’D IIH
HOUSE in Berryville, built by dolfii 0‘Sny
der and subsequently purchased by said Crow
a to I si t uated on Mai t: street. tngether witli the
lot on WnIt’ll it stands, adjoining George E. S.
Phillips and Miss Snllie Cloud,
This sale is to be made by direction of tho
’redili rs, secured by said deed, the bajance
due to whom, including interest to this date
is$T08 6tf.
I ELMS SALE—One-third rash, ami
tile resimmjn two equal annual payments,
with.interest from t|,0 day of st|le, to' nu se
cured on the property.
iiec75t CHAMP SHEPHERD, Trugtce.
NICE BUILDING LOTS
FOR SALE.
We will offer, in, Millwood, Clarke county
Va., on
Saturday, the 16th Day of December, 1871,
at Public Sale, four or five NICE BUILDING
LOIS, near the village of Millwood, In ac
cordance with a d .'rco of Clarke county
court. 1 liese lots are a patt of the undivided
real estate of the late K.U. Harrison, deo’d.,
anti I Immnti M. I (My.
^.^^•""■One-third eash, balance in ona
and [woyears with interest on the deferred
pa) men Is till paid Title to be retained till
all the purchase money is paid.
WM. n HARRIS,
T. M. EDDY,
nov2S It m Special Commissioner*.
liEST Oblo tfrindsioaes, far sals by
JD McCcair 4 Deis, Charlestown.