nmmitiriti imiiw niiiiiiiiniii.iMiiniiBnii im ill nn in i aiiTiMrniir wtiimm-iirrtT-
---..:,r--- ::.:::--,v---.:-"".---.. Ayv v 1 WVf
hKi.. i ii'i ;mit
r. i
s'r-
i i
KNOXVILLE, TENN,, THUIISDAY i MORNING, NOVEMBER 1 6, 1871
NO. 166.
VOL. II.
a h n i -.fc?vvi 'tv.ia-u
t i k m i in. i i i r r-i ip in i ri
r "j"" J 111 III HI Mill JIIIIIJ II M MIIEMIMI IIIIIMIIIiMMj!yM,"M,,l"l?"'"1"
latest7by. telegraph.
T f
FOREIGN XKH'S BF TUB -'CABLE,
Hisctllaneons aad HasHiiiglon News.
HOME NEWS.
ioatlSG A CONFESSION.
A "n'"M IhmiIIs Spanfnrrt In .New York.
Louisville, Nov. 15. The citizens of Ilen
rvvillo, Indiana, put a rope around the neck of
n no to nnd frightened him into a confession of
(ho murdering of the Fark family, with twone
pro accomplices. He planned the murder, he
lievins that Piirk had five or six hundred dol
lars of church money. Triej- found one hun
dred and forty dollar?. The three are in at
Jeffersonville.
Netv York, Nov. 15. An unknown Cuban
threw a pail of filth into the face of the editor
of a Spanish paper, the Chronica. The affair
occurred near Exchange Place, IJroadwny.
A railroad car ran into a street, car, wound
ing ei?ht person?, two of -whom have since died.
The driver of the car has disappeared. The
cmifC of the accident was the carelessness of the
crossing-keeper, who has also disappeared.
Nasiivii.le,Nov.15. The oil well thirty miles
from this place turns out a, hundred gallons per
day.
St. Louis, Nov. 15. A party of practical
bridge builders propose to bridge the Missis
sippi at Carondulet within two yeais, the struc
ture to cost two million dollars. Three railroad
companies are considering the proposition.
San r baxcisco, .ov. Coring, wno wras
murdered on Monday with others in the .stage
in Arizona, was a popular author and journal
id, and was on his way east, intending to lecture
against Collycr's Indian policy. t
Legal technicalities' will postpone the decision
of Mrs. Yair's case untilJanuary.
Washixctox, Nov. 15. General Allen, Ad
jutant General of Alabama, has been success
ful in obtaining the arms due that State. The
arms arc of an approved pattern.
Louis II. Mayer has been appointed assessor
for the first district of Alabama.
Cleveland, Nov. 13. Considerable damage
was sustained from the north cast gale.
The fcow Williams foundered, drowning the
cook and one sailor.
New Oklkaxs, Nov. 15. The Grant Parish
Kuklux were sent before the Federal Court
though Commissioner Wcller h r.d grave doubts
abut their guilt.
The city administration has rescinded the res
olution coating a paid fire department. Con
tracts will probably be made with the Fire
men's Charitable 'Association, for $1K(XKJ per
year for ten years.
WASHINGTON.
?ccls for the South.
Washington', Nov, 15. The Agricultural
Department is preparing seeds seasonable for
the South. A supply may be obtained by ap
plication to agents of the Department or through
members of Congress. The distribution is gra
tuitous, but the Department wants fomo guar
antee that the seed will not bo wasted. a
There arc stated charges pending against
Prosser, the postmaster of Nashville, for ac
cepting pay for getting claims through Con
gress. Prosst r was former a member of Con
gress. New York, Nov. 15. There arc six new
case of cholera at (Quarantine, including the
surgeon of the steamer Franklin. Two are
Tatal.
The race of the American Girl and Allen has
been postponed until the first fair day.
The storm ceased at daylight. 'It was the
severest known for several years. Trees, awn
ings and chimneys were blown down. The
tide W us unusually high. The gale wa3 direct-
ly from the southeast Many wrecks axe apprc-
bended. x ..m.
Gen. McClellan declines to succeed Tweed.
Col. U. G. Stone, -editor of the Pittsburgh
Rl'blican is dead aged Go.
The wind last night was sixty-three miles to
the hour.
FOREIGN.
London, Nov. 15. The steamer City of
Brooklyn ran down the steamer Ida Yv Mer
sey. The officer of Ida as drowucd.
Panama, Nov. 15. The steamship Venezue
la was seriously injured by fire to-daj'.
Captain Craddock, of the steamship Gaute
inala, was killed by a mutinous sailor.
Archbishop Picnol and the 'Bishop of Gautc
mala have been expelled from Gautemala for
meddling with the late revolution.
A heavy earthquake has been felt here. A
great panic exists among the inhabitants.
The tovns of rica'aiid 3Iatilla'ar destroyed.
Fire succeeded the earthquake at Pica.
The Church Puntzon, eighteen horses and
the dam of the' river at Tarrapacca were de
stroyed. Few lives were lost.
The English ship YVeckford has been, lost off
Cape llorn.
The small pox is spreading in Chili, and has
broken out among the troops of Euenos Ayres.
Shocking Death of a Child. A
post mortem examination -was held re
cently on the body of a child at Ashly,
Luzerne county, Pa., to years of age,
inch had died in great agony. On the
opening of the stomach of the child, in the
coating, With its huge horns firmly pm
edded, was an enormous stag beetle. The
nJ-C Xllanatl? that could be Siven as to
the manner of the insect getting into the
?k rtS i1? Slir the child wai
:idd
room, j f t t lf p ,ut
vlien he dies, I am inl trS
Harry." Harry insinuating vf5m m
you tetter stuff lum JbefoJi f a,!n 1
LETTER rii03I CARTER COUXTY.
Circuit Conrt Desperate Affray I'riisnde
Ag-ninst Intemperance, Ac.
Elizaletiitox, Nov. 14, 1S71.
Etutors Chronicle: Circuit Court
usually attracts a largo crowd in Carter,
but this week the yeomanry are out in full
force, from the fact that Turner and Faiu,
barged with the killing of young Shell,
were expected to be tried. But their case
will not be reached at the present term,
even if they could he tried in this county,
which cannot be done with safety to all
concerned. I think the people are very
much exasperated, and are quite anxious
the full measure of punishment shall be
meted out to them. Their counsel, who
arc, as we are informed, Col. Netherland,
(Jen. Britton and Judge Butler, will ask
for. a change of venue to Washington
county.
Elizabeth ton came near being the scene
of another homicide on Sabbath evening
last. A negro man by the name of Stover,
who was somewhat garrulous from having
taken too much benzine, rudely insulted a
youug mau by the-name of Perry, where
upon young Perry dealt Stover a blow
with a bludgeon that left him stiff and
stark. He remained in an insensible con
dition until yesterday morning, when rea
son seemed to return and his physicians
think he will recover, though the skull is
fractured.'
Within the past three months Carter
county has hail two or three wicked, wan
ton murders, and though it seems hard
that one fellow-creatur'es blood shall, in
early life, by the hands of an assassin, be
made to crimson the orch ird plat or vil
lage side-wall for the purpose of awaken
ing the wicked to a sense of their wrong,
yet it appears such will bo the case, and
it may be they have not died in vain. I
have seen but one man under the influ
ence of liquor in the town. The grocery
has not half its usual number of followers,
and heretofore drunken men abounded
and brawls Mere common. He v. Mr. At
Wittcrf Pitstor of the Presbyteiiaii Chnrch
at this place, is waging a relentless
war of extermination upon whisky in all
its phases. The people are going to sus
tain, him for they are determined to have
less drinking.
Franklin Literary Society pave a most
excellent concert last night, which was a
complete success.
From the amount and maimer of hand
shaking that about five or six distinguish
ed Kepublicans are trying to learn, I would
sav we will have a jolly lamily quarrel in
our next Congressional Nominating Con
vention. They are good men and weare
going to nominate and a nomination is
equal to an election-in this district just
who we please and make the others be
have, t. UKNHY.
'A Heroic Act
How a fearful railroad accident was pre
vented is thus told by a correspondent of
the Utica Herald at Hichheld. Isew l ork,
where the incident happened Four freight
cars heavily loaded with lumber and mer
cliandize. Lad been brought un to the
junction near Cassville by a coal train
'These freight cars were carelessly uncoup
led on a grade of eighty-live feet to the
mile, and immediately began backing- to
ward-Utica. They gained momentum at a
fearful rate, and all efforts to stop them by
throwing rails and other obstructions up
on the track were ineffective. A train
had left for Utica but eight minutes before,
and every one was well aware that the
heavy freight cars would in a few minutes
go crashing into its rear. Fortunately tho
engine of the coal train stood on a switch,
and Iugineer Ferrell at once determined to
give the riving cars a chase. All hands
mount to the post cf duty, the signal is
given,- and the fearful race is begun.'
There is awful danger ahead, for if the
workman should have the rails up, or the
Hying cars themselves should leave the
traek,evcry man would be in eternity in au
instant. Mile after mile the chase is kept
up, and the locomotive gains inch by inch.
At last the fugitives are overtaken tho
critical moment has come. A mistake,
and all is oyer the Hying cars Avill only be
hastened in their flight by the collision.
The fireman ami brakesmans are reaching
down from the rear of the tender, one
with a draw-bar and the other with a
coupling-pin," The cars touch the draw
bar skillfully guided, enters the socket,
and the pin drops to its place! The dan
ger is over, the speed is gradually checked,
and in'a few minutes the cars are again
climbing the grade to Cassville. The deod
of the engineer and his faithful assistants
was one of true heroism, and will long be
remembered in the crowded passenger
train which was but a few hundred feet in
advance of them, and whose lives they
saved at the imminent risk of their own.
Horrible 3'anlcr ia Indiana.
Advices from Louisville state that on
the morning of the 12th inst., a family
named Parks was found murdered in
iheir house, near Henry ville, Ind. The
family consisted of Cyrus M. Tarks and
hi wife, Isabella, a son, John, aged ten,
and two daughters, Eveline, aged seven
teen, and Ellen, aged fifteen. The heads
of all were terribly beaten and crushed
with some blont instrument.
...The. brain: of Parks, the wife, and son
were scattered about the room. They
were lying in their beds. The daughters
were found sitting in the -kitchen, alive,
but delirious and fatally hurt. Shots had
been heard in the night by the neighbors,
but the bodies bear no bullet marks. .In
formation was promptly forwarded to the
police here. Parks was a leading member
of the church near his house, and much
esteemed in tiie community. No clue has
been obtained as to the murderer. Great
excitement prevails in the vicinity, and
should the villain be discovered he will
probubly be instantly lynched.
Several petty States arc about to be an
nexed to Prussia. Duke Ernest, brother
of the late Prince Albert, will receive a
large pecuniary indemnification for the
cession of, Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, and pass
the next few years traveling in Asia,' Afri
ca and Australia.. The old Duke of An
halt recently sent au agent to Berlin to ne
gotiate with Prince Bismarck about the
annexation of his duchy to Prussia. The
Duke had sold all the estates of the crown,
pocketed the money and contracted a pub
lie debt of four million dollars, which he
wanted the Prussian government to take
from his shoulders. Bismarck replied to
the Duke's agent i t'Tell the Duko that.
after he has picked all the meat from the
bone, lie may now keep the dry bone. W e
do not want it." i
Aleiis..
Notwithstanding the. un accountable de
lay of the Russian squadron; the metro
politan papers publish- something every
day about the expected visitor. In a late
account of .his life, we extract the follow'
ing:
.'.'The Duke himself is-. the third son of
the Emperor Alexander IL, and the Em
press Maria Alexandrovna,.formeiJy Prin
cess, ot liessee. The Emperor, has been
twice married anu lias now a large family,
an tne cmluren of the present Empress.
The eldest is the Grand Duke Alexander,
heir apparent, who was born on the 10th
of March, 184-5, four years after the "Empe
rors second .marriage the -second, the
Urand Duke Vladimir, born April HO, 1S47;
the third, the Grand Duke Alexis,born
January lir 1S50-; the. fourth,. the. Grand
Duchess. Maria,' born October 17, 1So3 the
nun, tne uranu uukc sergia, horn May
1J, 1837 and the youngest.- the Grand
Duke Paul, born October
n October 3. 18G0.-- It
3,
is
worth relating that "there was no' little
anxiety attending the Grand Duke's birth
The Imperial family and the State officials
were at first overjoyed to hear, the tidings
from the sick-chamber that the Grand
Duchess Was "beyond danger,- and that a
prince had been born and when the Duke
Alexander appeared at the door of the sa-
l l. 1 1 i l. i
ion, iijs imro, son in uis arms, ine :rejoic
iugs knew no bounds.
"The child was christened soon after at
the magnificent cathedral of St. Isaac, in
St. Petersburg, as Colonel of the Ekathe-
rinenbourg Infantry Regiment, an honor
conferred thus early only on prince3 of the
blood imperial. Rarely had a more bnl-
liant-or distinguished assembly gathered
In the cathedral. The wholo lmpenarfam
ily,:;incuding the Fmperor and Empress
and all the Grand Dukes, were present.
Most of the foreign courts were represent
ed by ministers in their robes. of state, and
the' officers of ther Imperial Life"' Guard
were Stationed at regular intervales in va
rious parts of the vast building.'."',
"In IS-38 he accompanied his parents to
Moscow and was then at their coronation
presented for the first -time' to the as
sembled representatives of the empire.
Upon the return of the Imperial family to
St. Petersburg, the Grand Duke's educa
tion was immediately commenced.
"In the j'car 1S62 he accompauied' his
uncle the Grand Duke Coustantiue, Grand
Admiral of the Russian navy, on a trip to
tho fortress of Sweaborg. During a terrify
ic storm, which lasted eight hours, the
young Duke displayed so much intrepidi
ty and daring that Constantino, on his re
turn to St. Petersburg, urgently requested
the Emperor to appoint him to some posi
tion In the navy. This the Emperor re
luctantly did, after delaying for a long
time, being fearful of the delicate consti
tution of the Prince. Since then it has
been his passion to.be on shipboard, and
he has spent all the time that his duties
would permit him on the water. The
Duke's grandfather was Nicholas I., the
resolute and warlike Czar who oycrawed
the widespread rebellion incident to his
succession, and who conducted the begin
ning of the famous Crimean war against
ihe allied powers. The blood of Frederick
the Great of Prussia also flows in his veins,
so that his disposition should be worthy a
member of "the imperial family of Russia,
whoso characteristic has ever been a pre
dilection for war and military pursuits.
The Way the Money Goes.
The following appeal's in the legislative
proceedings of Monday, wnich evinces an
irregularity so alarming na to call for an
investigation. While the amount in ques
tion U not so large as that approrpiated by
Boss Tweed, it shows that the legal gen
tleman named certainly set a higher value
on their services than any one else will be
apt to do' 1
By Mr. Gordon Whereas, After the
payment to the Hoii.CW. II. Wisener of
the sum of $7,500 by the State, for legal
services rendered by him in the famous
franchise case, she has a few bonds left
and,
Whereas, This General Assembly has
learned with feelings of profound satisfac
tion that the Chancery Court of Nashville
has appropriated bonds of the State hereto
fore attached by said court to the Hons. E.
H. Ewing, W F.Cooper and W. B. Reese,
Atttorneys-at-Law for the State in the
causes against the delinquent railroads,
amounting in the aggregate to about ?72,
000, therefore, be it
Resolved by the General Assembly of the
Slate of Tennessee, That a special commit
tee be appointed by the respective Speak
ers to wait on the said attorneys and satis
fy them that if said sum does not fully
compensate them for the services render
ed, that if they, the attorneys, will only,
wait until tho Stato can get more bonds
either from the sale of delinquent railroads
or otherwise, that a special donation of the
bonds so secured will be made as fast as
secured.
The resolution was taken up and, on mo
tion j was referred' to the Judiciary Com
mittee, with instructions to report by what
authority the money referred to was paid
to the attorneys named.
By Mr. McGlothin A resolution reciting
that, as large sums have been paid to E.H,
Ewing, V. F. Cooper and W. B. Reese,
counsel for the State in the railroad cases,
and that as said sums are largely in excess
of what ought to be reasonable compensa
tion for their services that as the law pro
vides for the payment of the Railroad
Commissioners, Messrs. McKinney, Fogg
and Wright and that as no provision has
been made for the payment of ex-Governor
Senter, the Secretary of State and the
Comptroller,who have sent in their claims,
therefore that a joint committee be ap
pointed to ascertain all the- facts in the
case, and report the same.
The resolution was taken up and referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
On the question of protection for home
manufactories the New York. Tribune
has the following:
ne is truly a statesman who, in the struicrles
between international economies, temporarily
sacrifices prices while fosternig the power
which, produces values. Xapoleon tho Great
disregarded the enhanced cost of susar to
France,- whilst he was perfecting her produc
tion of sugar from beets. He went straight to
national independence and permanent wealth,
despising the shallow and hostile-arithmetic
which covered elates full of demonstrations that
it wquld be cheaper Tfor France to buy eugar
of. the Dutch or the British, than 1 to make it
See the reward! Iranco produces sujrar so
cheaply that foreign sugars cannot be profitably
sold on her soil. 3 v
The Grand Hute
r;; i Tlie Hoj Prospect.
Since the opening of the pork-packing
season of 1871-'72, there have been many
speculations as to Hie number of hogs that
will be slaughtered during the season, as
well as the probable ruling prices for live
hogs.
While Tennessee raises more hogs than
any other Southern State, the variation of
her crop of the porceline species from one
3'ear to another weighs very light in influ
ence with the general market. We have
to look to the West to learn what may be
expected, as the country at large is depen
dent upon the West for its supply.
The crop in Tennessee is about equal, it
is estimated, to that of last year, and the
crop of corn, which always affects the
price of pork, will, over, the whole State,
tail but Httlc short of that for 1870. Again,
the mast throughout the State is unusually
good, so that the expense of fattening will
not be great. We are informed by reliable
parties that the number of fat hogs for this
year In Tennessee is something Jess than
that of last year, but, however' this may
be, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis con
trol the price at any rate. MorrUtown Ga
zette.
In Russia medical quacks do not rate
very high. On the contrary, vigorous
measures are sometimes employed to re
press them. In Moscow, for example, a
doctor of this description was lately or
dered by tho police authorities to depart
from the city. Having a large number of
customers, he failed to obey the mandate,
and was consequently flogge J and sent to
the workhouse for a j-ear. j
r-, i
r A" gentleman of Philadelphia ;has .dis
covered that a jet of air, steam or water,
mixed with some such material as sand,
can drill ahole in or eat away the face of
any substance, no matter how hard, in an
amazingly short space of time; With sand
and a eteam jet of 300 pounds pressure to
the square inch, he made a hole in a. block
of corundum a material as hard as dia
mondan inch and a half deep, in le.-:s
than 2-5 minutes.
An oleaginous fact .Whale a boy,
vou will find him full of blubber.
and
KEW ADVERTISE31EXTS.
Chancery Coart at knoxnillc, Tcna.
i No. 1777.
O. I'. Temple vs. John D. Swan ct al,
TT APPEARING FROM TIIE BILIi OF REVIVER
L that Isaiiih Wilson, one of the defendants in sail
bill, is a non-resident of the State of Tennessee, as
rtated It is therefore ordered that I'Ublicntinn be made
for four successive weeks in the Knoxville Chronicle, a
ncwFnancr rublished in Knoxville. Tennessee, notify
ing said defendant to appear before the Chancery
Court at Knoxville on the first Monday in Janaary
next, then and there to make defence to said bill of re
viver, or the same wul De tascn lor conir?scti a? to mm
and set for bearing ex rrtc. Nov- V). 1S71.
noT22w4t JI. L. PATTERSON, C. M.
Chancery Court at Knoxville.
No.2,iU9.
W. B. Johnson ct al. Ex parto.
TT APPEARING TO ME THAT W. B. JOHNSON.
X C. A. Kutiinp, Joseph E. Brown, Alfred Austell
and C. M. McGhec. have filed their petition in the
Chancery Conrt at Knoxq ville, in Bubjtance that under
proceedings bad in the Chancery Court at Nahvilie in
the ca.se ot the State of Tennessee airainst the delin
quent railroad companies, that they became the pur
chasers of tho Knoxville and Kentucky Railroad, with
all its property, rights and franchises, and the interest
of the State therein and praying to be substituted to
all the rights privileges and immunities of the act of in
corporation under which said railroad company was or
ganized and acts amendatory thereof, and that the
name of s ;id company be changed from the Knoxville
and Kentucky Railroad Company te that of the
Knoxville and Ohio Railroad Company,"
row, therefore, x nereoy oraer publication to be
made in the Knoxville Chronicle, a newsraner pub
lished in Knoxville, Tennessee, for thirty days, notify
in? all ncrsons a p Dear at a special term of the Chan
cery Court, to be held at the court house in Knoxville,
on Friday, December 15th. 1371, to show caa.e why the
jraycr of said petition should rot be granted.
v M. L. PATTERSON.
Clerk and Master of the Chancery Court at Knoxville.
novlo-ultwot
Special .Term of the Chancery Court
T WILL OPEN AND HOLD A SPECIAL TERM
loth day of December next, to hear the petition of W.
B. Johnson and others, ex parte, purchasers ot the
Knoxville and Kentucky Railroad, which petition has
been filed in sail Court.
v U. V. IliMPLlfi. Chancellor.
Nov. 14th, 1871.
THE NA-TIOIYJL.
DRY HOP YEAST.
A SUPERIOR ARTICLE.
If jo a want
Light, Sweet, and Xtitridous
Bread, use it. It is made from the choicest grain, and
its imritv cuaranteed. It id wholesome and always re
taining its rising qualities. Goods warranted, and no
sale if they do not till our recommendation.
f or sale at wholesale ana retail, oy
II. N.
Me LA IX,
Market Tlae.
oet20dlm
SEEDS SEEDS
NEW EAST TENNESSEE CLOVER.
500 BUSHELS NEW TIMOTHY.
30 ORCHARD GRASS
200 HERDS or RED TOP.
200 KENTUCKY BLUE GRASS.
2,000 SECOND HAND 2 BUSHEL BAGS,
3,000 3
Just received.
,"Nccil JVriciil, Oats, Hurley ami Bye.
BLANCHARD -CHURN. FARM WAGON, S 10 X
llOUljll A CIIUliL'JJ, ScedMmrn,
nn?l&-w3m KxoxviM.it. Trsif.
JEJIOVAL.
T. F. GRIMALDI,
BOOT AXD SHOE MAKER,
Corner Clinch and Gay Streets, (formerly corner of
Church and Uay streets.)
ResieetfullT Informs his friends and old cuslomcrs
he wou'd be pleased to see them at his new place.
Orders solicited lor all kinas oi worK anisanstacuou
guaranteed- sept22-3m
CARROLL HOUSE,
J Chattanooga, Tcjan.
RIGHT AT TIIE DEPOT.
JUST OPENED. ON THE EUROPEAN FLAN.
Meals at all hour3."S
K.' P, McCrociliii Co., Proprietors. r
R. P. K'CROCKLl?. W1UII. FOMEROY.
nov. 4. i?n. r
Hemoval.
KyoxTiLLS. Oct. 16, 1S71.
WE HAVE TO-DAY MOYLD OUR OFFICE TO
to the Drue Store of Messrs. Heald St Locke, and
will hereafter sell at wholesale oly. Thanking our
pnstoiaers far nnst furors, we solicit their continued
patronape;and shall; as heretofore, endea-rpr to please
i!l who ueal with na-
Very respectfully-.
ESl'EKAXDIEF CO., 1
ocU7Uw3t CIGAR MANUFACTURERS
I
i
Dm? and Medicines.
i
IwwKPMKnaftzxKig The symptoms of liver com
I plaint are uneasiness and
1 pain in the side. Sometime
ntif mrtiirM I the pain is in the shoulder,
IalfVIrVlUNcy 5 and is mistaken for rheumae
OllfllUVMU Stism. The stomach is affected
I with loss of appetite and
'I sickness, bowels in generaj
aaKmHaKHHomS costive.some alternating with
lax.. The head is troubled with pain, and dull, heart
sensation, considerable loss of memory, accompanied
with painful sensation of hav
in? left undone something
which ought to ha-ve been
doae. Often complaining oi
LIVER
I spirits. Sometimes many of
the above symptoms attend
the disease, and at other
times very few of them bu
the liver is generally the organ most involved. .Cure
iae .mver wilu
DR. SIMMONS'
Liver Regrnlator,
A preparation of roots and herbs, warranted' to
strictly vegetable, and can do no ininrv to anv one.
It has been used by hundreds, an known for the
last 40 years aa one of the most reliable. eiicAcious and
harmless preparations ever offered tr th. 3 suffering If
taken regularly and permanently it 13
SURE TO CURE
Dyspepsia, headache, jaun-
airre, cosuvenesj, sick neat
ache, chronic diarrhoea, affeo
tions of the bladder, camp
REGULATOR.
I dysentery, affections of the
j kidneys, fever, nervousness.
rhills, diseases of tne sua,
impurity of the blood, melaa-
J cholv. or depression of spirits.
heartburn, col 12. or paias in the bowels, pain in the
head, fever ud acue. dropsy, boils, pain in the back.
Prepared only by
it
J. II. ZEItlX A CO..
Irnj?s:IstJi, Hf.ncon, WeorRla.
Price. $1 bv mail. S1JJ5.
3 For sale by all Druggists, and by wholesale at
T. C. IIUXTIZIl'S, SinoxvIIle. j
marcbl dly j
JOHN U. BENZIGER, j
AT THE
Atkin House Drug Store,
RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCES THAT HE HAS
opened a 8ock oX -i
Pure Drugs and Chemicals,
And solicits the ratronage of the public.
'I'rescrintionx
w f
Carefully einpunded at all hours.
CHARGES VERY REASONABLE. Wc sell for
cash enly keep no books- r
N. B.-We have 110 room for Loafer. i
scpt5-3m
P. DICKINSON CO.
OFFER TO TOWN AND COUNIRY TRADE
their stock of new Fall antl Winter (eoN
at very attractive rrices.
Dies Ooolss I3oiaitmen t.
Black and colored Silks, French Merinos, Serges
Poplins, Plaids, Brilluntini-s, Empress Cloths, and the
celebrated Queen's Own" Black Alpaccas, Cloaks,
Shawls and wrappings Alexandre's Kid Gloves, Ho
siery, and Merino Goods for ladies' and children's
underwear. Black Cric Cloths for mourning suit.
CJARl'CT mn'AUTJUKAT,
In this may be found Velvet, Bruscd, Tarestry, 3
ply. Ingrain, VenctiiWD, VirooI Dutch, Hemp and Stair
Carpets.
FLOOR OIL CLOTHS-all widths,
CURTAIN DAMASK and NOTTINGHAM LACES,
'Cornices in gilt and Rosewood and gilt.
Curtain Fixtures, Shades, Rugs, Mat?, fcc Sir,

1 t r
1V.I?EIJ. 1 1 A.TXGJLTXG S
i r :bed and crib blankets.
BED AND CRIB COUNTERPANES.
8-4, 9-4, 10-4, 11-i and 12-4,
LINEN AND COTTON SHEETINGS,
New Tatterns Turkey Red Tea Cloths,
Towellings, Napkins, Doylies, 4c.
BEST AXKER BOLTING CLOTHS,
Nos. 3 to 11.
AVe invito :iltcnLien to the ubove slock, aud
promise to thoso ia wunt GOOD GOODS and
at the 'LOWEST TBICES. -i"
r. DICKIXSOX CO.,:
Corner of lliiirt arid Gay trcet.i.
octlS-L!m
S. NEWMAN,
UNDERTAKE IS.
CONSTANTLY on hand a full assortment of
M ETA LIC BUMIAL CASES,
including the finest Ornamental Caskets. Funerals
attended to minctualiy. either ia city or country.
Hearse and carriages furni.-bed when desired. Shop
Corner high and Cumberland streets. Orders left there
or at Anderson Crawford's, loO Gay street, will have
prompt attention. oct!7
THE LARCEST STOCK!
TIIE LATEST STYLES,
AND TIIE CHEAPEST
1
C L 0 T JI ,1 f GrL
n f
at' 3 i v
1 S3 GAY STREET,
(Opposite Cowan, llcClang St Co.)
oetll
CST JOD WORK OF. ANY: KIND
NEATLY JSXECUTKD AT Til E
CHRONICLE. JOB OFFICE.
Medical.
HEALTH BEAUTY
Strong and Pure Rich BloodIncrease
Flesh and Weight Clear Skin and
Reautiful Complexion
SECUREDTO ALL!
RADITAY'S
Sarsaparillian Resolvent,
Has made the most astonishing cures.- w
quick, so rapid are the changes th'
body undergoes under the influ
ence of this truly Wonderful
Medicine that
Every Day an Increase in Flba
11
and Weight is Seen and Felt.
Scrofula. ConsumrvtioTi." Svnhilis ?n its nunr form?
Glandular Disoise, Ulcers in the Throat and Mouth
Tumors, Nodes in the Glands, and other parts of the
system; bore tyes,btrumonsUischr?es irom tne iwirs
Eruptive Diseases of the Eyes, Nose, Mouth, and the
worst forms of Skin Diseases: Eruption?, Eerer Sores,
Scald Head, Ring: Worm, Salt Rheum, Erysipelas,
Acne, Black Spots, Worms in the Flesh, Tumors, Can
cers, in the Womb, and all weakening and painful dis
charges; Nijrht Sweats, and all wastes of the Life Prin
ciple, are within the Curative range of Radway's Sar
saparillian Resolvent, and a few days' use will prove to
any person using; it for either of these forms of disease
its potent power to cure them.
Not only des the Sana pariUiaaResn! vent excel al
known remedial arents in the cure of Chronic, Scrofu
lous, Constitutional. Skin und Syphiloid diseases, but
it is the only positive remedy for
Kidney, Bladder,
Urinary and Womb Diseases, Gravel, Diabetes, Drep
sy( Incontinence of Urine, Bright's disease. Albuminu
ria, and in cases where there are Brick dust deposits, or
the water is thick, cloudy, mixed with substances like
the white of an eg, or threads like white silk, or there
is a morbid, dark, bilious appearance, and white Bene
dusi deposits, and where there is a prickinjr, burniDg
sensat on, and pain in the small of the back and along
the loins. In ail these conditions. Radway's Sarparil
lian Resolvent, aided by ths application of Radway's
Ready Relief to the spine and small of the back, and
the bowels regulated with one or two of Radway's
Rejrulatins Pills per day will, soon make complete
cure. Ia a few days the patient will be enabled to hold
and discharge water naturally without nain, and the
Urine will be restored to its natural clear and amber
or sherry color.
THE WASTES OF TIIE BODY
Are supplied with new, healthy and vigorous blood,
that furnishes sound structure. Hence all suffering
from weakening discharges, either male or fumale. or
from Ulcers or Sores, through the reparative process of
RadWi r'sSAR3iriuia.iAJ are arrested, and the rup
tured organs healed.
1 TOE TRUE THEORY OF CURE.
Radwat's SAHSirARiLLU Repolvext supplies the
system, through the blood, urine, sweat and structure,
making constituents, with Tissue-making, Elcsh-tnnk-ing,
Heat or Caloric and Fat-Making elements. All of
its constituents are nourishing, purify ing and strength
ening. It repairs, heals, resolves and drives out el the
body the products of decay and corruption. Consump
tion, White Swelling, Dropsy, Syphilis, Cancer, Tu
mors, Ac, are all of a scrotulous diathesis, and, as such,
are within the curative range of the Sarsaparillian Re
solvent. That Scrofula, by whatever name designated, is the
result of deposits from the blood, induced or caused Kw
chronic inflammation. That those deposits take placr
when the blood is poor, weak, watery, and incapao'ecf
holding in solution its proper constituents, or frorr.tbe
presence of sme virus orpoison in the Wood, as 3f er
curyJCalomel, Corrosive Sublimate, which is the CtT
rosive Chloride of Mercury, er other agents, gives la
midicines, nnd which enters largely in thecorair.cn
advertised Sarsaparillas, not absorbed or changed from
their natural condition.
That unless the repairs or nutriments are greater
than the wastes, that decomposition Sand decay will su
pervene, and the powers of life become exhausted.
That the dying body cannot be sustained on any
treatment of medication that exhausts the system or
fails to nourish the blood, the only medium through
which the vital forces are preserved, and on which the
growth of the body depends.
OVARIAN TUMOR CURED.
Never has a medicine taken Internally been known
to have cured tumors either of the womb, uteri, ova
ries, or bowels; the knife has been the sole reliance in
the hands of experienced surgeons; but Dr. Radway's
Sarsaparillian settles this question. For it has cured
over twkstt persons of Ovabias Ctsts and Tumors,
as well as Tumors in the bowels, uterus, womb, liver.
Dropsical Effusion. Ascites, and Calculus Concretions.
Tnnior of Twelve Tear' Growth C tired by
i Jtadwny's Keolvent.
Betiblt, Miss.. July 18, 1S2
Dr. Rapwat I have had Ovarian Tnmor in the
ovaries and bowels. All the doctors said "there was
no help for it." I tried everything tnat was recom
mended, but nothing helped me. I saw yeur Resolv
ent, and thought I would try it, but had no faith in it.
because I had suffered for twelve years. I took six
bottles of the Resolvent, one box of Radways Pills,
and used two bottles of your Ready Relief; and there
is not a sign of a Tumor to be seen or felt, and I feel
better, smarter and happier than 1 have for twelve
years., The worst-Tumor was in the left side of the
bowels', over the groin. I write this to yon for the ben
efit of ethers. You can publish it if you choose.
H AN5AH P. KXAPr.
Price, One Dollar.
5i
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
Cures the "Worst Pains in from One to
Twenty Minutes.
Not one iour after reading this advertisement need
any one suffer with pain-.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
Is a sure cure. It was the first and is the Only Tain
Remedy that instantly stops the most
excruciating pains.
AL.tAYS INFLAJlWATIOJtS AXD CI
Whether of the Lungs, Stomach, Bowels, or
glands and organs, by one application in from
twenty minutes.
No matter how violent or excruciating tho ri
Rheumatic, Bed-ridden, Infirm, Crippled, Nervous
Neuralgic, or prostrated with disease may suffer.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
Win, in from one to twenty minutes afford ease and
comfort, and this medicine, so rapid in stopping pain,
can be purchased for fifty cents per bottle, at alinont
every druggist's and country merchant's store on this
continent, and within oue hour's distance of almost
every habitation in the United States.
RHEUMATISM AND NEURALGIA.
If those who are now suffering pain, no matter what
the cause may be, or by what name it is called if ex
ternal, apply the. Radway's Ready Relief to the part
of the body where the pain is present. If internal.
drops diluted in water, as a drink; whether Cramps,
Spasms, Inflammation, Congestion, Asiatic Cholera,
Chills and Fever, the most violent, excruciating and
torturing pains will be stopped in from one to twenty
minutes.
FEVER AND AGUE CURED.'
There is not a remedial agent in this world that will
cure Fever and Ague, and all other M alarious, Diliun?.
Scarlet. Typhoid, Yellow and other Fevers, (aidd Sy
Radway's Pill3, so quick as Radway'3 Ready Relief.
Dr. Radway's Perfect Purgative Fills
Perfectly tasteless E!?gnntry Coated with Sweet
Gum Purge, Regulate, Furify, Cleanse and Strenghen.
RADWAY'S PILLS, for the cure of all disorders ot
the Stomach, Bowels, Kidneys. Bl ulder. Nervous Die
eases, Headache, Constipation, Costiveneas, Iadiges
tion, Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Bilious lever. Inflamma
tion of the Bowels, Piles,; and all Derangements ol the
Internal Viscera. Warranted to effect a positive cure.
Purely Vegetable, containing no Mercery, Minerals, or
deleterious drugs.
XCf Observe the following symptoms resulting from
diseases of the digestive organs Consumption. Inward
Piles, Fullness of th Blood in the Head. Acidity of the
Stomach, Nausea, Heartburn, Disgust of Food.; Full,
ness or Weight in the Stomach, Sour Eructations, Sink"
ing or Fluttering at the Pit of tie Stomach, Swimmir g
ct the head. Hurried and Difficult Breathing, Flut'ci
ing at the Heart, Choking or Suffocating Sensaticn
when in a lying posture. Dimness of Vision, Dots ;r
Webs before the Sight. Fever and Dull Pain in l
Head. Deficiency l Perspiration. Ycllowcvs'ol lit
Skin and Eyes. Pain in the Side. Chest, Li b. acd
sudden Flushes of Heat, Burninc in the Fiwh. A fo
doses of Raowat'8 Pills will free the system film all
the above named disorders. v
Prire, 25 Cents per Box.
fir SOLI BY ALL. JJKLGGISTS.
Read False and True. Send one letter-stamp to
RAD WAY k CU No. 87 Maiden Lane. New ierk.
Information worth thousands will be tent you,
B0T23-dAwlj v
1
1

1
.1
:1
r
i
J