UNION AND AMERICAN
CLOTHING. ETC.
HIJ2$TINGTjON.
-EOGSJfCT
Gold is dull Imt stead
y JnXeVYorT; at
Y
Texsessee Boitdb continue very strong
tn Xew York, dosingm?cvSangtKtC8Jf 8- iifl.
for both issues
CcsrWtaiactive ineworlcit I
T
for middling.
Accokdiko to the Kew "YorPTWoane
of the 11th inst., the Radical tonjorityjnl
that State Is 17,787. The Senate stands 24
lUdicals,,to.tSiIejnocrata.- JThe Houseiof
AsiembljyiS Jiadicala to 30'D6niocral3.
tutti Jt in i Ti i
WH0."XO .BEAT. tOXAHTTr fcl i
To Uio Editors of.the'Fntonrad-AJnerleafi:
The imminent prospect of Gen. Grant's
renomigaitori Ar 'Uia'JPresiadncr forbid
any disfflfesfon-gf problbllM&that "hahdj
It 13 forebfilalneu, and It'Isfoubtful even
vhetfiej.-the; .formality of a nominating
convention will bejndulged. The Radical
party belongs o. Grant arid is UiV 'Grant
parly of the country. Now, If gentlemen,
connected with the Republican' party desire
to defeat oven Grant, there is but one prao
Ucabhj wavfdoing it, and Uiat1pjcaUfci;
cacnTSf theTStates nn antirOrant cnzcrdion
and let that conventloa nominate, anelex
toral ticket, composed sayVequally of Dem
ocrats and antirGjaiit Jlepublicansj selecting 4'
viKi tuo jmrcsi. auu uesi men in i
the respective States. Let .this .ticket b&i
m in ea oi tnc States on its own merits
tmcompllcatod.withnybodys candidacy for
for the Pjsjdency.. Let this college of elec
tors if olectcd-uchEO'Onthffday prescribed
oy law and cast their votes for a President,!
and Yice rresgentT!? verily .believe that3
men a ticKet wouia prevail over the Grant
ticket in New York, Pennsylvania, and
Ohio, and in enough other States to insure
the defeat-off Grant beyond perad venture.
iuis me original intention oi tne
Constitution. The convention system prac
tically did away with, it and made the elec
ters mere cyphers. This plan recurs to
fundamental piinciples, and has the -advantage
of takiug the whole field against Grant.
A Democrat.
THE L.AWYKIIS' TJCKS IX THE ItAII.
IIOAD CASES.
To Uic Editors of tho Union and American
The stand you have taken in the case of
me exorbitant fees of tho lawyers in the
railroad cases justly entitles you to the proud
appellation of the "People's Paper," for you
are clearly defending tho rights of the far
mer and tax payer; persevere in it, and the
people will sustain you, and if there be any
remedy point it out, and thenlf it is'not
corrected the faidt will rest with the people.
If we are in the hands of the legal fraterni
ty, it is high time the people were awaking
to the fact, and high time they were shaking
off their lethargy. I am surprised to see
some of the names giving affidavits as to the
justness and fairness of that charge. The
people are not In condition to stand such a
drain uj-on their hard earnings, and they
will.not stand it, especially when the labor
of the lawyers was light, as compared to
other cases, -and no pecuniary liability at
taching to the attgrneys in the case. Hur
rah for the Teople's Paper.
ov. 15, 1871. "Faemeb."
GKAXTTO DE SLAUGHTERED.
Correspondence of the Cincinnati Enquirer.
3ewYokk,'Xov. 13, 1S71. The gather
ing of a large number of leading Radical
politicians at tlie Fifth Avenue Hotel is not
accidental, but in accordance with appoint
ment. Among those present are Butler,
Blaine, Fenton, Carl Schurz and George
Yilkes, all of whom were in conference
last evening, and are again disenssing this
cvenin? the propriety of uniting Tipon an
other Republican candidate for the Presi
dency and dropping Grant. Boutwell,
though not on hand, has his agents present,
who profess o be here with the view of as
sisting Blaine in the formation of the Con
gressional Committees, but really to cut
Grant. YliUe the President was at the
V i 1
uoiei yesieruay to diu good-uy to ills son
Fred, these politicians all kept shady. To
&y lF.ever, they are exceedingly active,
especially Schurz, who points to the success
of the German vote last week in favor pf
reform as a guarantee that any man nomi
nated in opposition to Grant will receive
their unanlmous'support. Butler is as yet
non-committal, but is willing to sell out
Grant if it pays.
OBESLLX.
Congrcfpitionnl.
Obeklin-, O., Xov. 15. The National
CongregationarCoiincil convened at Ober
lin to-day, and opened jis session at tlie
Second Congregational Church, at eleven
o'clock this forenoon. About 400 delegates
are present, including many distinguished
doctors of divinity from different States.
The principal work of the forenoon was
the temporary organization of the Council
for the adoption of a constitution to govern
the present and all future sessions of the
body. The Rev. Dr. Ilatton, of Milwaukee,
was elected Moderator pro ton., and Rev.
Dr. Holmes aud Rev. Dr. Moore, Secreta
ries. Committees on credential and nomi
nations were also appointed.
Considerable time was occupied with tlie
taking of the credentials of the members.
It was decided by vote to admit one dele
gate from each Congregational Benevolent
Society and Theological Seminary, to be
restricted oidy in the right to vote.
The Business Committee, the most im
portant of all of the committees, consists
of Rev. Dr. A. L. Cliapin, Hon. II. P. Ha
ven, Alpheus Hardy, Rev. J. H. Fairchild
and Rev. Jas. Vf. Strong. This committee
withdrew at once, and returned with a
programme fcr the daily session, which
prescribes devotional exercises jfrom 8 :30
to 0 A. jn, acd business sessions from 9 to
12 A. m., 2 to 5 p. at., and commencing at
7 o'clock in the evening.
Upon motion, it was decided to consti
tute the gentleman who made the prelimi
nary arrangements for the Council honor
ary members oY 'that bodv.
Tlie Council thenadjourned, to meet at
the stated hour in tlie afternoon.
The Council mst at tlie appointed hour
and proceeded to discuss the draft of a
constitution to complete the organization
of the National Council. A cross discus
sion arose on the question of creed, few
being satisfied with the compietuess of the
definition of faith. It was proposed to an
nex to the constitution the whole declara:
tion of fj.it h as set forth at Plymouth, but
the length of that document offers a se
rious objection to such action and after long
debate the meeting finally adjourned with
out taking definite action upon the article.
VIRGINIA.
The Litigation Against Gen. Mahouc.
LYXCiimnia, Va.3 Nov. 15. The case of
Sisoua, Stockholder, against the Virginia
and Tenuessee .Railroad Company, Ma
hone, its President, and its Directors, came
on for hearing before the Circuit Court of the
United States, Judges Bond and Rives on
the Bench. The bill is filed for the pm jwsc
of pnenting Mahoue and the olficers of
tho Corporation from negotiating certain
bonds secured by a deed of trust on the
line of road from Norfolk to Bristol, includ
ing the Corporation, by the defenda'nt of
the road, or li Mahoue, as President of the
Atlantic, Mississippi and Ohio Company, on
the ground that he had no right to convey
the property of the Virginia aud Tennessee
road to secure fifteen millions of dollars of
the In mils of the latter company. The an
swers v. ere filed, but the question of their
admission is reserved lor to-morrow, when
tlie case will proceed.
INDIANA.
The Park Trnsrodj A Scst at ClitcnRO
Th ii tr.
Loiusvir.i.B. Nov. 15. Tho excitement
in Clark county over the Park tragedy is
slightly abated. There is no danger of
lynching the prisoners. A number of other
negrMs have been arrested on suspicion,
Including Squire Taylor, John Taylor,
Early Hill and another named Clay.
A search of T. ylor's house brought'out Uio
fact that he 1 been -receiving quantities
of stohwvsood i-om Chicago -since the fire,
a larm Tot, ig found packed in a
box. "The graud jdry 'werc In session all
day at Charleston, where the prisoners
have been taken, examining, into
the affair. The prosecutor thinks there is
evidence 'enough already to find a bill.
Helen Paiks is still lingering, valine ap
pears .slightly better, but could gtyenoddi
tional light on the subject." -,j
v
HF MAEOH3gO!ilg35,
;xA.5iBUI.aFatast1Yin.B. Stokes.
The- Case-ofErosser under Invcstlga
tion.
I an -j-i wr t i i- n
.WARirrwOTTiw. Vor" 11".' Eli ftatfield.,of
eooessee, was before the JJrand Juryjof,
'pdfrirt,Mpnday,"ia thViase.bf exjrep'
rescntatlve "Stokes and Victor' T'. "Powell,
cnargea with defrauding the government.
TMsJs'the only witness that lias yet ap-
pcareaoieionune-lirana Jury.Dut.the aocu-
mentary evidence has been submitted.
Later. To-day the grand jury of the
PUotiM&f true
bfflagalnstWmyStolesrcharglhg Mm
withfrecvirurfees whilaia Representative
In Concress. The indictment consists of
Sight counts, and charges thaty.oii jtbe 1st
day of Slarcbf 1871;Th"e being a'Representa-
tive in Conffmss. did. fnr pnmnpns.it.inn- art.
fiS aitomeyjin pmsecuilng certain claims of
members pfajcompany topwn as.apt.
!Katty4's:C&mpanyuriudepenaent Scouts.
Thcr indictment- ,in the
case i
Charges Hfn'wlth receiving money while an
ui i uwmi
uiuuer oi ineunireu estates,-nna is similar-
in its counts to that in the case of Stokes,
ine names ot .11 iiatneid. Aiouiton and
Ji. u. J?rencii are indorsed on eacli indict-
.jucui,:as iuie5s3. "V 1
uy direction ot the President, the Post-
imasterrGeneral is investieatins charges
made by against VJ Prosser, ex-Member of
vviiiac iiuux .jtcuueasee, auu jrusumuir
at Nashville, to the effect that he accepted
py for getting certain claims through Con
gress.
Stainbllng-blocks for Htcnuibontmcn
The Secretary of the Treasury, in an offi
cial circular, lias promulgated additional
rules, regulations, etc. of the Board of Sa
pervising Inspectors of steam vessels, which
now have the full force of law. He espe
cially directs attention to the rule which re
quires all steamers carrying passengers or
ireignt, wnen lying at wnart or loading with
out steam to work pumps, to be provided
wuii a, certain number ot portable tire ex
tinguishers that have been approved by -the
Board of Supervising Inspectors and thq
Secretary of tho Treasury. In enforcing
the provisions of .this rule, the Inspectors
are further enjoined to cause such lire ex
tinguishers to be properly arranged on such
steamers, and to give watchmen or other
officers in charge thereof the necessary in
structions for the use and management of
tlie same.
Claims or Kntnralized Citizens.
The American and British Claims Com.
missioners will adjourn Friday until the
early part of December. Some of the
newspapers have erroneously stated that the
Commissioners have decided that the claims
of persons heretofore British subjects, but
who have become naturalized American
citizens, shall not be presented to them.
The truth is the instruction to tliat effect
came from her Majesty's government, in re
sponse to an inquiry by Howard, the British
agent, 'ims instruction will govern his
conduct in tnc presentation ot claims.
Tlie Slippery Cochise.
In reply to au inquiry as to tho truth of
the reported raid, etc, conducted by Co-
cmse, an Apache chiet, in violation of his
recent pledges, the following telegram was
received liere to-day
Sanla Fc, iv. M., Ji'or. 14. Hon. Vin
cent Collycr: Your telegram of the 6th inst
is received. Cochise has not left Canada
Alamosa; if he had I would liave known it
Natiiajtiel Pope.
(lunlnis of Conscience.
The total amount of money received at
the Treasury Department since Nov. GO,
lebJ, and credited to what is known as the
conscience fund, is S120.147. Of tliis
amount $8,749 was received during the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1S71
"Whisky.
A number of prominent distillers are
now in the city for the purpose of urging
upon tne proper Congressional committee
a changeJnlhe revenue laws -aflectiiu; dis
tillation, and for securing a consolidation of
tne taxes.
Postal Itclntlous.
riegotlations are'now pending lor a re
duction of the rate of postage between tlie
United States and Switzerland, fixing the
rate per half cuhce, when sent by the di
rect German mailf by Bremen and Ham
burg steamers, at 7 cents,
From Oct. 2, when the international
money order system with Great Britain
went into operation,to the 58th of tlie same
month, the amount of money transmitted
through its agency from this country
to Great Britain as $00,061, and the
amount received from that country, during
the same period, was st4,o&i.
mtm t
CHICAGO.
Correspondence. on the Military .Occu
pation. Chicago, Nov. 14. The correspond
ence which took place between Gov. Palm
er and Mayor ilason, just before the with
drawal of the troops from the city is pub
lished. Uov. Palmer In Jus letter says: it
excited the greatest surprise and has occa
sioned me proioundest mortincation that
you failed to inform me as could have easi
ly have been done by telegraphing or
through my confidential Secretary, who
reached Chicago on the 0th of October, of
the necessity in your judgment for the em
ployment of a military force for the protec
tion of the city; and it lias pained me quite
as deeplyt tliat you should have thought it
proper, without consultation with me by
telegraph or otherwise, to have
practically abdicated your functions
as mayor. Happily there is no necessity
cither real or imaginary for a longer con
tinuance of this anomalous state of things.
United States troops are now in Chicago in
violation of the law. Every act of the
officers,, and soldiers of the United
States army that operates to restrain
or control the people is illegal, and their
presence in the city except for tlie purposes
of the United States ought to be no longer
continued. It is due to you that I should
confess tliat under tlie circumstances that
surrounded you on the occasion of the late
disaster, it was natural you should be in
clined to accept aid from any quarter, to
enable you to afford protection to persens
and property hi your city, but I regret it
did not occur to you that your own powers
under the laws were inadequate to meet
the emergencies, and you were eutitled up
on notice to me to the support of tho whole
power of tlie State. From information that
1 liave not been afforded an opportunity to
acquire officially, I luve learned that Lieut.
Gen. Sheridan lias rendered valuable serv
ices, for which lie deserves tho thanks of
the people of Illinois; but it would have
been more satisfactory to them if he, as a
citizen, had given to you the assistance of
his eminent abilities to organize the people
to act in conjunction witii the civil officers
for their own protection.
Mayor Mason in reply to the above letter,
says: Had your excellency, when in Chi
cago on tlie 11th and lth of this month,
informed me or Lieut. Gen. Sheridan of
vour disapprobation of the course that I
had thought proper to pursue, in having on
the 10th Inst. solicited his aid in preserving
the peace and order of the city, and protect
ing the lives and property of its inhabitants,
satisfactory reasons could Jiave been given
your excellency for so doing, many of which
it would even now be unwise to
make public In the performance of my
official duties, I believe that emergency
required me to take the .step that I did. 1
do not believe, when tho lives and property
of the people, and the peace and good order
of a large city, arc in danger,' that it is a
time to stop and consider any question of
'policy;" but that if the United States,
by the strong arm of its military, can give
instantly the required protection of life,
property and order, it is the duty of those in
power to avail themselves of such assistance,
t'oiiffressmnn nt Large.
Returns from eighty-nine counties of this
State for Congressman at Large give Beve
ridge, Republican, a majority of 13,402.
The thirteen counties to hear from, in
cluding Cook Chicago, will carry Beve
ridge's majority up to about 13,000.
So necessary- is- fun to the mind, that a
late philosopher said If you should build
it cbooU. without playgrounds, nobody would
igei ueyonu suun. uivisiuu in a uieuiue.
Great .Damage in 'Clcreland Harbor
xeanm KaTages around Kerr York.
Long BranclrlYasLed-Oht.
L
-uestrnctlTe Tides in Kew England.
IvLEVEEAND. O.. Nov. IK Tlia t.iww
mlo fwtiH 1. "w. l i i I
uum me uomieasc last nignt did con
siderable dam&ffO tn shinninir Jn fliio to.
Several vessels broke from their fastenings!
were driven tosrether and
wiSXTS t
uu uamageomatenauy. The scow n. G.
juuiiueruu aim capsized in tBQ river.
The cook, a woman and nm 'tw t
drowned.
New Yoek. Nov. 15 A
coal iarge, having fifteen hundred tons of
coai, suuk auninr the cale Last nirrhf.. mw
oarge was nearlYabash at tho time of the
disaster.
C7 O
The gale last nicht liftefl-twrrnnf fmm
i uiiin..uuiiuimr oii i ivaTpp rrppr nm ttoTam
it bodily into' the building. Pier 54, East
nver, was seriously damaged. A shed and
large quantity of lime and cement belone-
inz 10 doim Jvonsi. -tvpr dattmva it u
iooi oi i'Oth street, Brooklvn. worth $12,000.
i noiucu lur w.uuu.HAn Utlloiown sclinonpr
was sunk near the Atlantic-dock. Brooklvn
The crew were saved.
I In Hudson county, N. J., its ravages were
1 n;ojiui. ua losses amount tn Sim.non.
Among tho properiy destroyed were tho
car buildings of the North Hudson County
itumuuu, m. union xmi, witn six cars, in
volving a 103S of $20,000. The new bntpl
in Greenville, valued at $15,000, was com-
pieieiy wrecKeu. various other buildings
were destroyed or damaged.
Damace by last nicht's storm Is rpnnrt p1
in tho East. In Boston some basement
cellars, hi the vicinity of the wharf, were
flooded. Tho gales in New Hampshire were
also very violent.
At Long Branch, Jersey, the roof and
part of the piazza of the United States TTn-
tel were carried away. The bluff was wash
ed away. Much damage to the beach.
PoiiTSMOUTn, Nov. 15 The storm has
raged here very heavily all day, with the
wind mainly from the east and southeast.
The tide has been the hiehest for manv
years, and much damage lias been done to
wharves, shipping, etc. The Eastern Rail
road track on the Hampton Marshe3 was
submerged. Some small bridges were
washed out, and it was feared that the
track was undermined, so that no trains
have passed either way since noon. Travel
and mails between Boston and Portland
are interrupted.
Providence. R. I.. Nov. 15 A KPvprP
gale passed over here this a. sr. Fences, chim
neys and some buildings were blown
down.
Portland. Me., Nov. B15 Tlie storm
lias been very severe here. The wharves
liave been submersed and somewhat dam
aged.
YASniN'GTOX. Nov. 15 Fromrenorts
received at the Signal Office from Toronto,
Canada, this A. si. and to-nicht. it appears
snow was falling, with a very liigh wind
blowing from the northwest. A storm of
sleet was prevailing at Buffalo this morn
ing, which has turned into a slight snow.
This evening heavy snow, with fresh north
west winds, is reported from Rochester, N.
Y. In this city, at half-nast4 this forenoon.
the wind from the west was blowing 22
miles an hour, with thermometer at 30 de
grees and still falling.
iiOSTOX, Nov. 15 The hich tide tn-ilav
on Chelsea Beach and vicinity temporarily
interrupted the passage of travel on the
Eastern Railroad track.
The Gloucester Disasters.
The loss of the Gloucester fishinc fleet
during tlie present season, is greater than
during any previous vear. and the number
of lives that have been sacrificed exceeds
that of any other year except that oflS02.
TwEnty-tWO vessels liave been -ivrppkpH.
sunk or abandoned, valued at $103,060, on
wuicii mere was y,:nu insurance, nearly
all however on the mutual plan. One hun
dred and thirty-six fishermen lost their
lives, forty-five of whom left widows, and
upwards of ninety children were rendered
fatherless. Durimr 1870 the number of -es-
sels lost was tliirtecn, value $73,500, insur
ance !jo,-ii'o; number of lives lost 8S2.
NEW YORK.
The City Arming against the Cholera.
11 cw Cases Develop in Quarantine.
In Bad Company.
New Yoke, Nov. 15 The Herald savs
Butler, Schurz, Blaine and Conkling have
been holding a secret consultation at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel this week.
Cholera 11 Sow Cases Belknap Cen
sured.
Six new cases of cholera are reported at
quarantine, including the steamship Frank
lin, two of which were fatal.
.Commenting on the case of the steamship
Franklin, the Sanitary Committee of the
Board of Health to-day made a report on
cholera, reiterating their former recommen
dations to tho authorities and citizens, and
asking a thorough exaction of precautionary
measures. They say the streets are still in
a dangerous state.of uncleanliness, and di
recting the Sanitary Inspectors to institute
the proper measures of relief. The Secre
tary of War is condemned for his refusal to
require returns to be made to the Board of
contagious and infectious diseases among
the troops at ports within tlie city limits,
and to enforce the needful sanitary ordi
nances and regulations.
Eighteen Assistant Inspectors were ap
pointed to attend to vaccination in view of
the increase of smallpox.
There were eleven now cases of cholera
to-day among the Franklin's passengers.
The hospital ship Delaware has gone to the
lower bay.
Ijibor Association.
The Executive Committee of the Na
tional Labor Association liave arranged to
hold their next meeting on Dec. 6, at
Washington, D. C. Tlie most important
business will be the settlement of the ques
tion of tax on tobacco.
Brooklyn.
The Board of Canvassers of Brooklyn re
port only two Democrats elected on the city
ticket, Mayor Powell and Treasurer
Sprague. The Republicans have all the
rest of the offices. About one hundred em
ployees of the Brooklyn water board were
discharged to-day.
Coalmine Communists.
The Harrisburg Telegraph says: It is
rumored that an organized band of incen
diaries boast that they will lay the city in
ashes during the winter.
A Sliirtlerous Depot.
Tlie City Sanitary Inspector submitted to
tlie Board of Health a report stating that
seven persons have been killed in the past
twelve days by cars entering the new Union
depot, Forty-second street, and denouncing
the depot as dangerous to life, and urging
that the company be compelled to sink the
tracks ten or twelve feet below the road
way, or place gates at all street crossings.
Tlie matter was referred to counsel.
r.x-JIntrimonlnl Troubles.
Jas. Fisk, Jr., President of tlie Erie Rail
road, learning to-day that a warrant was
out for his arrest on a charge of iibel, the
complainant being Miss Helen Josephine
Mansfield, surrendered himself in the York-
ville Police Court this afternoon. Miss
Mansfield charges that Fisk suborned a col
ored boy named Heng, formerly in her cm
ploy, to swear to an affidavit charging her
and Edward S. Stokes and a Mrs. Williams
witli conspiracy to blackmail him by threat
ening to publish statements regarding the
management of the Erie road, and also cir
culated the affidavit. Macgie J. Ward, a
servant in the employ, of Miss Mansfield, in
an affidavit, swore tliat Fish offered her in
ducements to swear false affidavits for him.
He was placed under $3,000 bond to an
swer. Crimes and Casualties.
A car driver named Fish shot himself and
then jumped from the roof of a nouse in
Hicks street; Brooklyn, this morning. He
died a few minutes after.
Last evening a locomotive engine on the
Boonton Railroad, at Boonton, N. J.,
jumped tlie track, near Montville, and
turned over, killing Christopher Hendricks,
,the engineer.
NjSTHiLW, TENK,'
EOEEIGF.
j Enssia Getting Jealous of Germany.
jTerritle Epidemic In West Africa.
Prpgress of 'tlio Mexican Bcxolntion.
Peruvian Towns Destroyed by Earth
quake.
EUSSIA.
Another SchleswIs-IIolatein Stew.
ST. PETEISSBUItu, Nov. 15. The Mns-
Cow Gazette, in an editorial article, counsels
itussla to demand the neutralization; of
uenmarK and tne restoration of Schlnswirf
tu me liuujr couuu-j as a means to coun
.1 1 1 L
teract tne power ot Prusslac on tho Baltic
IRELMI),
Kelly Hold on Another Charge.
Dudley. Nov. 15. Kellv. npnnitiBii nf
ine muroer oi neau constable, is still held
on the charge of firing a pistol at officer
Mullen. The trial on tlii3 cnaree has been
postponed. His friends hope a nolle prose
qui win oe entered.
British Freedom of the Press.
Jennings Pieott editor of the Dublin
Irishman, now under arrest, is treated -with
great rigor, and placed In that part of. the
jail assigned to persons accused of high mis.
ucuieuuur.
GREAT BRITAIN.
Feto Day at Chlselhurst.
LOXDOJ.', Nov. 5 On the feto dav n
the ex-Empress of the French a largo dep
utation from Pans arrived here and pro
i i
vcuueu to jniseiuursi. wnere tnev ntiprpii
their congratulations. Her Majesty:s offi
cers of the late Imperial Guard sent a bo
quet to be presented.
Steamer Sunk.
The steamer City of Brooklvn ran intn
and sunk the steamer Ida in the Mersey.
An officer of the latter was drowned.
THE ATLANTIC CABLE.
Selling out to the British Government.
NewYokk.'Nov. 15 The Sun states
that negotiations are nearly concluded for
the sale of the Atlantic telegraph cable to the
British Government.
AFRICA.
Dying X.ike Rotten Sheep.
New York. Nov. 15. Mail advices from
Africa state tliat on the west coast the peo
ple are. dying from small pox like rotten
sheep. The deaths are over twenty per
cent of those attacked. The Jujumen
priests are very busy instilling into tlie
minds of tlie nmorant natives that the dis
ease is a judgment of their Juju or Gods,
on the people for so many of them embrac
ing Cliristiauity.
MEXICO.
Battle with tho KcbcIsXcar Monterey.
Matajioras, Mexico. Nov. 10. Tlie
telegraph line to Rio Grande has been com
pleted. A courier arrived yesterday from
Monterey bringing dates to the 4th. At
that date 200 cavalry sallied from Saltillo on
a foraging expedition, and encountered
rebel forces. The Government troops are
driven back, with a loss of one-half their
number. The rebels are exiiltant. Two
regiments of Government cavalry liave ar
rived at Saltillo. Trepina lias carefully
fortified Heelaz. Mueritas is commanding
the, road between Monterey and Saltillo,
heading off the arrival of reinforcements.
They liad commenced firing, and began
making preparations for an attack, which
was set down for the 5th.
Escobedo has placed at tlie disposal of
the government all the San Luis forces.
His cavalry are now at Ekaron, on the
border. The government forces from Tam-
aulipas, under Cortona, have advanced in
to Nueva Lein. Navaris fell back to Mon
terey. Cortena is now at Camalos, having
advanced twenty leagues from Monterey. It
is said that Covajah will head the revolu
tion in Tamantap.
Brownsville, Texas, Nov. 14. The
Western Union Telegraph lines liave ex
tended to this city, establishing telegraphic
communication between the United States
and Mexico.
SOUTH AMERICA.
Revolutions, Earthquakes,
Ship.
wrecks and Smallpox.
New York, Nov. 15. Panama dates of
the 2d inst. received. Capt. Coodock, of
steamship Guatemala, was killed by a mu
tinous sailor at Fanama.
The Assembly of Bolivia has rejected the
Federal Constitution.
The reported assassination of President
Lorcna of Ecuador, is untrue.
Archbishop Pinol and the Bishop of
Guatemala, have both been expelled from
Guatemala for meddling in the late revolu
tion. A heavy earthquake occurred at Iquique
and the interior of Peru on the 5th of
October. Considerable damage to buildings
in Iquique and great panic among the peo
pole. The effects more disastrous in the
interior where the towns of Pica and Ma
tilktwere destroyed, where scarcely a house
was left standing. A fire succeeded the
earthquake in Pica. At Varapocca the
the Church of the Pantheon, eighteen
houses aud dam of the river was destroyed.
The: towns of Usmagma, Guiasquina and
Pacluca also sullered severely, few lives
were lost. The steamer Panoma felt the
earthquake at sea.
Tlie English ship "Weldford, from Calloa
for Germany, was totally lost off Cape Horn;
three men were saved.
There was au earthquake on the 25th
idt. at Bajo, Chili, but not serious.
The smallpox is spreading at Santa Rosa,
Chili, and has has also broken out jtaong
the Southern Buenos Ayrean troops.
TILE ARMY OF THE CU3EBERLAND
Duteoit, Xov. 15. The annual re
union of the Society of the Army of the
Cumberland took place at tlie Opera House
tins morning. Gen. A. S. Williams deliv
ered an address of welcome and responses
were made by several gentlemen. The reg
ular business session commenced at 2
o'clock.
CALIFORNIA.
Another Stage Robbery.
SAX Fiiai,-cico, Xov. 15. The Visalia-
stage was robbed near Gilroy, yesterday, by
three highwaymen, who secured live hun
dred dollars.
Iiaiin commenced throughout California
yesterday.
PROVIDENCE.
A Murderous Jlnnlnc Mother.
rnoviDENCE, Xov. 15. At Blackstone
this afternoon 3Irs. Francis AValtfleld took
her young child to a shed and chopped its
head to pieces with an ax. The mother,
who is probably insane, made two attempts
to drown herself last week.
BOSTON.
A Witness Pnt In the Criminal Box.
Boston, Xov. 15. 31. Cassick, who has
figured as a witness during the inquest of
the murder of Kate Lehon, was to-day com
mitted to jail as the murderer.
WHEELING.
Died In the Street.
Viieel1XG, Jov. 15 lion. John O.
Way, of Woodsfield, Ohio, Judge of the
Belmont and Monroe Circuit Court, was
found dead at an early hour this morning
in ((ie of tlie streets of that town. There
weie no signs or violence, and the pre
sumption is that the Judge, overcome by
some infirmity, had fallen early in the
night, andiperished from'cxposnre. i
'THXTRSD A Y, SfOYBMBEE 16, 18TL NEW SEEEES-JTO. 998.
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
f SENATE.
Wednesday, Nov. 15. The Senate met
at iu a. ii. speaker Vaughn in the chair.
PEnMOjr.
By Mr. DuBose: For the removal of the
tax on merchants.
By Mr, Pope: For the repeal oi the act
passed last session, establishing branch pen
itentiaries.
By Mr. Merritt: From Jas. A. McAlister
Co. for payment of a debt due by the
penitentiary on a sale of leather.
HEW BILLS.
The following bills were introduced and
passed a nrst reading:
By .Mr. Gibson: To amendan "actfor the
relief of school teachers," passed Jan. 20,
loii.
By Mr. Brandont To repeal ar "act to fix
tne amount ot appeal bonds."
By Mr. Merrit: To hasten tho adjudica
tion oi questions or public government.
RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Gibson: Expressive of the judg
ment oi tne uenerai Assembly upon the
new jonstuntion:
Resolved, that liaving seen the practical
workings of the new Constitution,
It is the deliberate judgment of
this General Assembly, tliat said Consti
tution is unequal in its apportionment of
taxes anu representation among tne people,
unnecessaruy snacKies tne ijemslature and
tho Govemor.-is inoperative when applied to
large municipal corporations, Is oppressive
in its qualifications for voting, and is other
wise detective ana inefficient, laes over.
By-Mr. DuBose To regulate the sittings
oi tne senate, matang tne noun irora iu
m. to 2;30 p. m. Lies over.
HOUSE BILLS ON THIRD READING.
To change the line between the counties
ot ilardin and Decatur. Passed.
To authorize thesale of certain school-
lands in Greene county. Passed.
lo change the line between the counties
Bedford and Rutherford Passed.
To continue certain dams in the North
fork of the Holston River. Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON SECOND READING.
For the protection of fair grounds in this
state. Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON FIRST READING.
To cede the West Tennessee Fair Grounds
to the West Tennessee Agricultural and
Mechanical Association. Passed.
To provide for the cancellation of bonds
and to repeal certain provisions of section 3
of an act passed Jan. 20, 1870. Passed.
To authorize Justices ot the Peace to de
termine the question of suretyship. Passed.
lo repeal an act for the suppression of
huntins and fishinsr in the counties of Ben
ton and Humphreys. Passed.
To establish the county lines between the
counties of Carter and Sullivan. Passed.
To aid revenue collectors and all other
persons charged by law with the collection
oi taxes in the efficient discharge ot then-
duties. Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Wilson and DeKalb. Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Hawkins and Hamblin. Passed.
To fix the rate of public printing. Passed.
For the relief of B. F. Champ. Passed.
THE SALE OF RAILROADS.
The hoar of 11 o'clock liaving been fixed
for the consideration of House bill "to ena
ble the Railroad Commissioners for the
State to perfect their sales and place pur
chasers in possession," it was taken up on
a third reading.
in the debate which ensued Messrs.
Clarke and Gibson opposed the bill.
At IU.njo r. m. the beuate rose for recess.
and re-assembled at 2:30, and the debate
was resumed.
On motion of Mr. Gibson the further con
sideration of the bill was postponed Indefi
nitely.
(Jn motion ot Mr. Coiuter the bill was
brought up again on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. Warren moved in amendment to
strike from the bill the provision requiring
the State to guarantee perfect titles to the
purchasers oi railroads sold under this act.
Alter some further discusion the amend
ment was carried.
Mr. Jones moved the following amend
ment: "Be it further enacted.tha. said Com
missioners be, and they are hereby author
ized and empowered to make such title to
the purchasers of said roads as tho State of
Tenenssee now lias in them by deeds of
conveyance, to be proband and registered
as other deeds, but said Commissioners and
the State of Tennessee shall not be liable to
said purcliasers, their heirs, assigns or rep
resentatives for any failure of consideration'
or breach of covenant or warranty, what
ever, in virtue of such conveyance."
Messrs. Merritt, Coulter, and Ridley hav
ing spoken in support of the bill, tlie Sen
ate adjourned till 9 A. si. to-morrow, with
out coming to a vote.
JIOrSK OF KEPKESESTATIVES.
Wednesday, Xov. 15. The House was
called to order at ten o'clock by Speaker
Richardson.
new bill.
By 3Ir. Lunpkin A bill to amend sec
tion 2,150 of the Code, so as to do justice to
publishers, regulating printers' fees.
the ieailhoad counsel fees case.
Sir. Martin, from the Judiciary Commit
tee, submitted the following report and res
olution. It was signed, he said, by all the
members of the committee except one, and
his reason for not signing it was tliat the
language was not severe enough
Mr. Speaker: Your Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred House
joint resolutions Xos. 83 and 84, concern
ing certain fees said to liave been paid to
the Hon. E. H. Ewing, W. F. Cooper, and
W. B. Reese, as attorneys for the State, in
the matter of the sale of delinqnent rail
roads, have carefully considered the same,
and they are respectfully returned to the
House with the following report
Your committee are not specifically clothed
with authority to investigate the truth of
tho statements contained hi the preamble of
House joint resolution Xo. 84. They are
no donbt substantially correct, with the ex
ception perhaps that the non. Francis B.
Fogg and the Hon. E. R. Tennebaker liave
not tiled their claim in the Clerk and Mas
ter's oflice for $5,000 or any other sum.
Your committee have particularly turned
their attention to the law under which these
gentlemen have performed their service to
the State, and to tlie ascertainment, if possi
ble, of the authority by which they have
been or are to be so extravagantly compen
sated. The act of the 1st February, 1871, is tlie
only law on the statute books authorizing
tlie payment of any sum to the committee
or to the attorneys as a fee or compensation
for their services, and it provides tliat the
committees and attorneys are to receive a
sum respectively, "which shall not exceed to
the committee $3,000 each, and to the at
torneys $2,000 each.
This was a most wholesome restriction
and guard against an exorbitant charge,
which tlie Legislature anticipated would
occur if not provided against, and which it
seems has occurred or is about to occur, in
disregard of the law.
Your committee are of opinion, after an
examination into tlie reported irregularities
connected witli the passage of the act of 1st
February, 1871, that it is a valid and bind
ing act of the Legislature; tliatitisnow
tlie law, and has been since the day of its
passage, and tliat the committee named
therein, and the counsel employed by them,
by their continuing in oflice, have accepted
the provisions thereof and are bound by its
terms. They have acted and contracted
with reference to it, and in legal contempla
tion they could not have done anything else,
and if they have assumed to overstep its
provisions and their restrictions, their acts
are unauthorized and of no binding force
against the State.
Your committee can find no law authoriz
ing the payinei-t of $72,000 of the people's
money to the Hon. E. H. Ewing, Wm. F.
Cooper and W. B. Reese, as attorneys, or
of $5,000 to each of the commissioners as
fees for services rendered to the State.
Certainly it is not found in the act referred
to, which fixes the fee for each attorney at
$2,000, aud each commissioner at $3,000,
and which is the only law upon the subject.
The disparity between the amount allowed
by law and the amount paid or about to be
paid to the attorneys referred to, and which
may be paid to a portion of the commis
sioners, is absolutely shocking, and how
ever pure and ingenuous their motives may
have been, your committee cannot hesitate
Uncondemn the transaction as one not war
ranted by the law, and wholly unparalleled
EVJLtfS, JFHEE, JPOMTER CO.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS LN
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
V JJLiXiE, f t-; rvi lvr.
WE ABE NOW IN BECEtPT" OF A VEST. LARGE STOCK OF
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
FOB THE I'AI.I, TKADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
EVANS, FITE, PORTER CO.
8. B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
W&iMl GROCERS
REAIiEItS Ilf FOUEIGW AND DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging and Ties Famished and Liberal Advances made.
ool 3m p ExclnalTe Tar a "a'0 ofManniag'j -Whisky and Annis Sheetings.
by any known instance of professional over
charging.
I he distinguished position which these
gentlemen occupy in the profession which
tney nave so long adorned does not miti
gate, but rather aggravates, the unhappy
effect which the transaction will liave upon
the public mind, and as Jawvers. legislators
and citizens of Tennessee, vour committee
deplores the consequences which this ex
ample may superinduce. Your committee
is or opimon, from the information before
them, that the Hon. E. H. Ewing, W. F.
Cooper and W. B. Reese, have received, or
are about to receive, as compensation for
their services, the sum of about $60,000 in
the bonds of the State in excess of the
amount they are entitled to under tlie law,
and if the bonds representine that amount
are now in their hands, or under their con
trol, they are wrongfully so, and should be
refunded to the State; therefore, be it
Resolved, bv the General Assembly of
the State of Tennessee, that the Attorney
General and Reporter for the State be and
he is hereby instructed to sue said parties
without delay for the recovery of said bonds.
or the par value thereof for the use and
benefit of the State, or take such other
steps as may be necessary for the protec
tion of the State's interest.
lour committee ask the adoDtton of the
foregoing report and resolution in lieu of
House resolutions Xos 83 and 84.
Respectfully submitted,
And. B. Mabtin,
Chairman for Committee.
J. M. Habuis,
A. L. Speabs,
W. D. Lumpkin,
A. A. FBEE3IAN,
H.H. Cark,
f i ,j Geo. B. Guild,
J. M. SCARBOBOCOII,
W. J. Clift,
J. A. Trousdale,
H. A. Chambers,
R. C. Sajisel,
W. B. Gordon,
Jacob Leech, reserv
ing the right to amend the resolution.
J. U. TILLMAN,
James H. Lewis.
On motion, the report and resolution
were taken up.
Mr. Gordon said he believed m usinc
plain -language. He considered this exor
bitant cnarge on the part ot tue counsel as
the greatest outrage on the State that had
been perpetrated since the war. The out
rageous extortion, Torsuch it must be called,
was a disgrace to the legal profession, and a
oiot on tlie tair lame ot tne state, lie would
vote for the resolution, but would cast his
vote with still greater pleasure If the lan
guage liad been stronger.
Mr. Enloe thought it would be premature
tt) take any action at present. The resolu
tions before the House are based mainly on
newspaper hearsay, and without omcial in
formation on the subject the Legislature
sliouiu not oe in naste to act. lie tnougnt
an investigating committee snouiu be ap
pointed to get out omcially the Tacts in the
case and then the House could act intelli
gently and promptly.
Mr. McCampbell offered an amendment
directing tlie .treasurer to dishonor the
bonds mentioned in the preamble and res
olution.
Mr. Freeman opposed this, believing a
satisfactory conclusion could be arrived at
without dishonoring the bonds.
Mr. Chester offered an amendment direct
ing the Attorney General to file an injunc
tion against each or the counsel mentioned,
requiring them to return the bonds.
Mr. Spears thought the resolution ought
to be so amended that if the Attorney Gen
eral found out that if the facts were as rep
resented in- the resolution, he should pro
ceed as directed, but until such tacts were
officially ascertained lusty action woidd be
out of place.
Mr. McGhee said his information was
that the counsel had not yet received the
fees referred to. He understood the bonds
were now in the vaults of the bank. He
wanted investigation before further action.
Mr. Snipes thought it best to appoint an
investigating committee. He could hardly
believe that such distinguished gentlemen
as the counsel named could be guilty of
charging the State such exorbitant fees.
Messrs. Chambers, Clift and Walters were
in favor of an investigation, so as to elicit
the facts in the case before proceeding fur
ther. After further discussion, the consideration
of the resolution was, on motion of Mr. En
loe, postponed until to-morrow at three
oclock.
Mr. Enloe subsequently introduced a joint
resolution appointing a joint committee to
investigate all the facts in the case, and re
port to the Legislature by to-morrow at three
o'clock. The resolution was taken up ami
adopted.
Mr. McGhee introduced a resolution di
recting the Attorney General to file excep
tions to the report of tlie Clerk and Master
of the Chancery Court in regard to the fees
of the counsel, and use every effort to pre
vent its confirmation by the court.
Mr. Lewis said it was very important
that tliis resolution should be adopted, as
the case might come up in the Chancery
Court at any moment. The resolution was
taken up and adopted.
THE TAX QUESTION.
The consideration of the tax bill reported
by a majority of tlie Committee on Ways
and Means, and tlie report submitted by
the minority of that committee, being the
special order, were taken up.
On motion, the House went into Com
mittee of the Whole, Mr. Enloe in the
chair. It was decided to take up the bill
by sections. Tlie first section provides
that tho State tax on every hundred dollars'
worth of taxable property shall be fifty
cents.
Mr. Frierson moved that the considera
tion of this section should be postponed
until tlie other sections had been acted on.
On this motion discussion followed, Mr.
Lewis aud others contending it was impor
tant to regulate the tax on privileges, etc,
first, before deciding on what the ad
valorem tax should be.
Mr. Crews was in favor of fixing the ad
valorem tax first, as it really was the foun
dation on which other taxes were levied.
In building a house it- was important to
commence at the foundation. He thought
the effort to pass over the very first section
a dodge of the liigh-tax faction. Others
spoke in the same direction, and pending
the discussion the committee arose, and the
House adjourned until 2:45 p.m.
Afternoon Session.
The consideration of the tax bill was r
sumed. The motion to pass over the first section
failed, and the House proceeded to consider
the bill by sections.
Mr. Crews moved to strike out the word
"fifty" in the first section.
Mr. Freeman, while saying he was oppos
ed to repudiation in every form, could not
support thQ biU in Its present shape. The
GOODRICH.
J. SI. SPURLOCK.
Al COTTON MOTORS,
tax it proposed to impose was too highnd,
representing the wishes of his people, he
could not support it. Let the expenses of
carrying on the State Government be re
duced as they oueht to be. and thsrw tronlil
be no difficulty in meeting the liabilities of
ine cute, as they become due, at a much
lower figure of taxation than that proposed
in the bill.
Mr. Frierson said he was not a high or a
low tax man, but was in favor of such atax
as would be sufficient to meet the State's
liabilities. From a careful investigation of
the whole subject he was fully convinced
that any figure less than fifty cents on every
hundred dollars' worth of property would
fall below the actual requirements of the
State. He presented an array of official
facts and figures goinj to show that, with
the greatest economy in the way of cutting
down expenditures, to meet the State's
liabilities, the tax could not be less
than fifty cents. The State,
like individuals, had to pay her
debts. If she refused or showed a disposi
tion to shirk them, she would simply be
compelled to pay them. What with the
old issues of the Bank of Tennessee, out
standing warrants, the current expenses of
carrying on the State Government, the
State would be compelled to raise, in round
numbers, the sum of three millions of dol
lars before the 1st of September, 1S73. Ev
ery consideration of duty, of fctate
pride, of sound political economy, demands
that the State should make provision for
paying her just debts.
Mr. Enloe then took the floor in opposi
tion to the report of the majority of tho
committee. He argued that a tax of fifty
cents would raise a surplus revenue of $760,
&42.00, and submitted a table showing that
thirty cents would raise a revenue entirely
sufficient to cover the outstanding indebted
ness of the State and to defray the expenses
of the current year, and he wa3 unwilling to
support any proposition looking to a higher
rate of taxation under existing circum
stances. The people had not had time to re
cover from the effects of a disastrous civil war
and to adapt themselves to the clianged,
condition of affairs produced by its results.
The present tax of sixty cents is depress
ing and destroying the prosperity of the
country and the people demand a relief
more substantial than is afforded them by
specious promises and loud expressions of
sympathy. They demand a radical reduc
tion of taxes, and we as Representatives
anu servants oi sue people would be recre
ant to tne trust reposed m us by
confiding constituency, if we disre
garded their cry for relief. We
should take into consideration the con
dition of the country the almost complete
failure of the wheat crop In the State
upon which tho farming interests greatly
uepend lor ineir resources; and the unsat
isfactory result of the cotton crop in the
State, which furnishes the fanner with cash
to pay his taxes, and to purchase his family
supplies. He argued further, tliat the
proposition to levy a tax of fifty cents
looked very much like a proposition to re
sume interest payments upon the bonded
debt at an early day. He was opposed to
making any provision for the payment of
interest now or at any stated period
in tlie future, and thought it should
be left to our successors, who would be
better able to determine when the condition
of the country would warrant it. The
bondholder shoidd not object to waiting for
the interest on his bonds, In view of the fact
that many of them were issued by unau
thorized and irresponsible agents of the
State, in defiance ol the known will of the
people. While he was opposed to the repu
diation of a dollar or the btate s indebtedness,
lie thought that the people should not be op
pressed to meet obligations of such a charac
ter, lie was as desirous to preserve the
honor of Tennessee as any member on the
floor, but did not deem it inconsistent with
the highest honor to consult our own time
and convenience as to the payment of this
obligation, but warned members not to do
a thing whi-m might dishonor them person
ally, viz: violate the well known and repeat
edly expressed will of an intelligent constit
uency. At the conclusion of Mr. Enloe's remarks
the House adjourned until 10 o'clock to
morrow. THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
Future Action of the Democratic
Party.
Correspondence of the Baltimore Gazette.
Washington, November 12, 1S71.
Prominent Democrats now here and re
cently in this city represent that a very gen
eral interchange of opinions is going on by
letters and personal conferences anions
Democrats, relative to the future action of
the party In the coming Presidential can
vass. Some advise a convention of the
Democratic party and regular nomination
of candidates for President and Vice Presi
dent, irrespective of the action of the Con
servatives of the Republican party. Others
suggest a nomination by Conservative Ke
publicans, or those opposed to the present
administration, and afterward, if practica
ble, a coalition of the Democrats with the
Conservative elements.
Generally it is advised that the final set
tlement of this question be postponed until
the meeting of Congress, when a caucus of
the Democratic benators and Representa
tives, with the lights of the party outside,
will consider the matter and recommend
the proper action. It is regarded as certain
success for the Democrats if they shall
nominate a candidate of great power in
Pennsylvania; but the fear that injudicious
connsel may prevail and prevent such selec
tion, induces some influential members,
otherwise disposed, to advise a coalition.
irora an analysis of the votes in the State
elections of last week, it is found that, gen
erally, where a fair test was had, the Demo
cratic or Conservative vote has gained, and
this fact should assure the Democrats that,
by a wise selection of standard bearers,
men whose record is unimpeachable, and
whose past history is typical of the advanced
ideas of the present day, the Democratic
party can carry the next Iresidential elec
tion beyond a reasonable doubt.
TENNESSEE NEWS.
Efforts are being made at Chattanooga to
have tliat town better protected against the
ravages of fire. Xew fire companies are to
be organized and suitable machinery pur
chased. It is never too late to do good.
The East Tennessee hog market is lively
and large shipments South are being made.
Patrick Green, who served for four vears
"on the Memphis police force, and for the
last three in the same capacity in Kansas
City, died in the latter place a few days
ago.
By a recent act of the Board of 3Iayor
and Aldermen of Chattanooga, no wooden
building of any kind, not even a shelter or
awning, can be erected within Jess than 250
feet pf Market street, t
OF
i
Mei's aai Hojs' Clotkiif
AND
PISMG GOODS,
34 Jfortb Summer Street,
(ITEAK TJ3IOH.)
Business Suits,
vress suns,
The Promenade Suit,
The Pea Jacket Suit,
1 The jrcurtnarftet Suit,
Dress Coats,
Frock Coats,
JHorning Coats,
livening Coats,
ELEGANT LTNZ3 OF
English and French Casslmere
ami iJlucK uocsHin
STTEISXt CUT AND MADE EQUAL TO
ANT CUSTOM WOKE.
Fall Overcoats!
GBEAT" TASEBXT.
BOYS' WEAK!
Soys School' Sutl'sj
Boys' JDrcss Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Childreti's
upward.
Suits, three years and
lottth8 Dress Suits,
Youths'' Promenade Suits.
Bress and Business Shirts,
Slieviot Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
trims, mi, mwm bags,
34 North Summer St.
Bep2etUlJan9,T2sp lstp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
TUE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have just opened a
j larger Stock of Ready-made.
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Southwest, than ever before,
which we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers, to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particidar attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam-
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIYAR H. COOKS Co
WASHVlliliB, TENN.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
leplOtf
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
UfflON 11 M1RICAN
13 PREPARED TO TUKN OUT
JOB PRINTING-
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In tho Most Satisfactory Style, npoa
Brief Notice, at tbe to ir
es t Rates.
OUR
OFFICE, IN AlXi ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
THE MOST COMTE I THE SOUTH,
SPECIAL ATTENTION
is ervEtTO
ORDERS FR03I THE COUNTRY.
QIVE US A TSXAL.