4
gussuMS
V**
Home Again.
DR. B. 0. PERRY, f e skilful Dermatologist, can
now be consulted at Lis New York office for falling,
loss, and untimely Gray Hair, Dandruff, Salt Rheum,
Ringworm, Scald Head, Irritation, or Itcbiig of the
Head or, any complaint, a disea-e of the Scalp inducing
I loss of the Hair.
CHILDREN’S HAIR.
The Doctor personally attends to Children’s Hair, and
imparts the required information for a judicious and
natural management of this delicate organism to insure
in a tir years a permanent, luxurious and healthy
growth.
UNNATURAL REDNESS
OF THE NOSE or FACE. This unsightly annoying
j rsoaal rffl ction is positively cured Iy the treatment
jf DR. PERRY. r inteed.
M' AND WARTS.
These disfiguring end t •oqblesome protruberances
ire permanetly removed without cutting, pain, or scars,
by the porscnxl attention of the Doctor. A cure guar
ante ed.
PIMPLES ON THE FACE.
Black-Heads, flesh-worm i, blotche disfigurations,
greasy, odorous and rough skins.
MOTH-PATCHES, FRECKLES.
Tan, and all Brew a Discolorations, are nicely removed
frem the face, leaving the skin smooth and ho.ilthy, by
the treatment of DR. PERRY.
Call endsae the Doctor, or send for an Interrogatory
Circular.
Tblasticbelts,
STOCKINGS, KNEE-CAPS, ANKLETS, &c., at
MARSH CO.’S Radical Cure Truss office, No. 2
Vesey street, and No. 32 East Fourteenth street, near
University Place.
and (gueto.
IT. H.— ls the Suez Canal the
peatest undertaking of the kind yet attempted? No.
The Grand Canal of China is the most stupendous work
of the kind ever attempted. It was commenced in the
tenth century of our era. It is nearly 700 miles in length,
and extends from Hang-ehoo-foo to Yan-liang river,
forming an unbroken connection between fifty cities.
It joins the great rivers Yang-tse-kiang, 2,900 miles long,
and Ho-hang-ho, 2,000 miles. This and other Chinese
Canals are not constructed upon the same plan as the
can.;’''** America or Europe, nor are they composed
like t-.-o—>f standing water, fed by reservoirs, elevated
jand lowered by means of locks. The want of locks
Obliges the Chinese to conduct their canals around the
different elevations encountered, and to Wifi the boats
by means of chain and capstain. The irrigation sup
plied by the Grand Canal renders the country through
Which it passes exceedingly fertile, and in proportion to
its size the most populous snot in the world.
P. K.— The battle of North Point,
Baltimore, was fought on September 12th, 1814. The
British troops, to tho number of about 8,000, under Gen.
Boss, landed at North Point, fourteen miles below Bal
timore, and proceeded to march toward the city. Gen.
Btrycker, with over 3,000 militia and volunteers, opposed
him. A skirmish ensued, when Ross was killed. Col.
Brooke took his place, and pressed forward, when a se
vere battle commenced. The Americans fell back to
ward the city. That night the British slept on their
arms, and toward the morning of the 14th withdrew,
and went on board their ships. The Americans lost, in
killed and wounded, 163; the British, 290.
Rosalind puzzles us too much. We
Cannot tel! her howto prevent face-flushing, now how to
reduoe rmbonpoinl. It is dangerous to attempt the latter
with low diet, a% if successful, wrinkles might follow.
We believe the flushing to originate in the stomach;
and the oiuse may in part be discovered and removed by
particular and careful observation of tho effects of diet,
the time of taking it, &c. Sometimes a nap after food
Occasions it, sometimes not. Very often both head and
feet are fevert d after food, especially- with a nap—an un
healthy symptom. We must all be our own physicians
5n part. This is, no doubt, wisely ordered, to make us
Observant, judicious, and prudent.
G. P. G.— “l. Please give me a
■good recipe for cleaning the teeth.” The best tooth
wash, either as a preservative or for cleansing purposes,
is water in which salt has been dissolved. “2. Which
is the oldest street-car line in this city?” Fourth ave
nue. ‘‘3. Which language is the most spoken in the
World?” The Chinese language is, of course, the most
Spoken in the world, as the population is so much more
than any other; but among Christians the English lan
guage is now considered to be most in use. Your other
Question will be answered in our next.
Lucy I).—The Seven Sleepers were
Seven Christian youths, who, in the time of Roman per
secution, lay down to take rest in a cave, and slept 187
years. When they awoke they found everything so
Changed, Paganism being entirely abolished and Chris
ti anity established, that they were mightily perplexed,
and they themselves were so unfashionable-looking,
that they were taken up as suspicious characters. If
Lucy be a “Seven Sleeper,” as her friends call her, when
the lies too long of a morning, then she must be more
than 2CO years old.
Constant Masonic Reader. Please
give a constant reader light on the following in your
next issue: Why is it that a coroner holds jurisdiction
»ver the sheriff and his officers in this country—that is
io say, a coroner is tho only officer who can arrest the
Sheriff What law is there for this action?” It is ow
ing to the fact that in case of the sheriff resigning or
being deposed from office during the term, the coroner
is the person designated by law to succeed him, and
therefore on him devolves tho power of arresting the
Sheriff.
Christian.— Please inform a reader
who and what are the Socinians The Socinians are
persons who accept tho opinions of Faustus Socinus
(died 1562) and his nephew Laelffis (died 1604), Siennese
noblemen. They held—l. That the Eternal Father was
tho one only God, and that Jesus Christ was not other
wise God than by his superiority to all other creatures.
2. That Christ was not a mediator. 3. That hell will
Gndure for a time, after which the soul and body will be
destroyed. And, 4. That it is unlawful for princes to
make war Hook. They established a church in Poland,
and made proselytes in Transylvania in 1563.
Destiny.— Avoid acids, and clean
your teeth night and morning with prepared chalk in
powder. If no piecaution avails to preserve your teeth,
do not take their loss too seriously to heart. The decay
Of the front teeth, even with young people is so com
mon, that you are sure to have many fellow sufferers;
but, happily for you and for them, dentists have brought
artificial teeth to such perfecticn that, although noth-
lug can st p plant nature, art /a‘furnish teeth which
look very well, and restore the power of articulation and
mastication.
Club House.— Please. decide the
Bellowing wager: Mr. J. bets Mr. K. that the Tammany
delegation were admitted to the last Rochester Conven
tion. Who loses The Tammany delegation were not
admitted to the Convention, nor any other delegation
from New York city; but the Tammany party we™ lo
cognized as the Regular Democratic party, and ex
pressed themselves satisfied without insisting or being
admitted. Therefore Mr. J. loses. There is little doubt,
however, that had the Tammany party insisted they
would have bea.i admitted.
Coroner.—The office of coroner is
very ancient, for they had coroners in England long
before they had justices of the peace. The coroner
formerly dealt with cases where felonies had been com
mitted, but death had not ensued. When justices were
Created, and distributed plentifully over all parts of the
country, to deal with felonies and breaches of the peace,
it became unnecessary to trouble the coroner, by keep
ing him continually moving from place to place to
inquire into felonies. He was superseded in those
duties, but riot deprived of them by statute.
E. E. P.— To give linen a beautiful
whiteness, mix common bleaching powder in the propor
tion of ono pound to a gallon of water; stir it occa
sionally for thiea days, let it settle, and pour it off clear.
Then make a lye of one pound of soda to a gallon of
boiling soft water, in which soak the linen for twelve
hours, and boil it half an hour} next soak it in the
bleaching liquor made as above; and, lastly, wash it in
the usual manner.
Mechanic. Dr. Birbbeck was the
Originator of Mechanics’ Institutions, the first of which
he established in London, England; the second in Glas
gow, Scotland, in 1823. Soon after others arose in differ
ent parts of the British Empire. They have revived
Bince 1857, many noblemen and gentlemen lending their
assistance. There are many flourishing ones in the
United States; of these, that of Boston takes the lead.3s
Zenobia. Qualifications for the
Btage are: correct pronunciation, flexibility of counten
ance, and accurate knowledge of human nature, with a
facility in expressing the tones and gestures of vari
ous passions and affections which the drama represents.
The talent must first be cultivated in solitude, then at
tempted on the stage. Instruction is seldom of much
use, except to correct bad pronunciation, mannerism, &c.
W. W.— A fine white enamel is
produced thus: Washed diaphoretic antimony, one
part; fine glass, perfectly free from lead, three parts.
Mix, melt, and pour the fused mass into clean water;
dry. powder, and again fuse, and repeat the process
throe or four times, observing to keep free from smoke,
dirt, or oxide of iron.
Minnie. The following is said to
be an excellent means of extracting grease from silks:
ficrape French chalk, put it on the grease spot and hold
it near the fire, or over a warm iron or water plate filled
with boiling water. The grease will melt and the
French chalk absorb it. Brush or rub it off. Repeat, if
necessary.
N. G. M.— The Black Brunswickers
Were the Brunswick regiments which took part with the
British army in the battles of Quatre Bras and Water
loo. They were so named from the color of trieir uni
form, which was symbolical of the flag and its legend—
Death or Victory.”
Anna Maria— To destroy rats and
mice, mix powdered nux vomica with oatmeal, and lay
It in or near their haunts, observing proper precautions
to prevent accidents, Another method is to mix oat
xueal with a little powdered phosphorous.
J. J. J.—“ What was the popula-
MW 9 f .Russia At the latest census 68.300.060.
CONTENTS OF INSIDE PAGES.
The following are the contents of the Inside Pages
the 2d, 3d, 6th, and 7th), of To-day’s New York Dis
patch. We think they will be found rich in variety and
interest:
SECOND PACE:
CONTINUATION OF “LUCY MAVIS.’
INDIAN SPOOKS.
HOW A WIFE WAS WON.
HOW HE LOST HIS EYES.
BAY RUM.
THIRD PACE:
MASONIC MATTERS: Late Hours; An Interval;
Knights Templar; A Mason Buried at Sea; Sym
bols; What is Sectarianism and What is Tolerance;
Sit Lux; Masonic Tyrants; Receptions.
THE POLICE MACHINE.
SIXTH PACE:
THE DESERTED HOUSE.
CONTINUATION OF A WOMAN’S HONOR.”
RESULT OF “PASTERS.”
SOME FUN.
THE MORALLY BAD FAMILY.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS: An Eccentric Lady;
Equine Sagacity and Gratitude; “Come Up and
Teetotle; A Sweep Enamored of Queen Victoria;
Original of Bhakspere’s Shylock; Warming Churches
by Gas; Don’t Ask Impertinent Questions; The
“Line Storm” a Humbug; Terrible Anticipations;
De Soto’s Buried Treasure; Seeing the Elephant; A
Great Indian Hunter; The Lord’s Prayer; Tea-
Growing in the United States; A Bibliomaniac; A
Farmer’s Stratagem; Icelanders in Wisconsin; Se
verely Tested Butter.
SEVENTH PACE:
BEHIND THE SCENES.
WHEN I WENT TO BUY WOOL.
MY ALGERIAN STEED.
THE HAUNTED HALL.
A HUNTED LIFE.
OUR WEEKLY GOSSIP: Simple Remarks; Molly,
Our Housemaid; Want of Appreciation; The Re
flections of a Cab Horse; Letter from Carl Pretzel;
Scintillations.
fltto ftalt
SEW TCRK, NOVEiHBER 12, 1871.
THE PEACEABLE REVOLUTION.
Tho electors of New York did nobly on last
Tuesday. Notwithstanding that Tammany
Hall had the whole machinery of the city gov
ernment in its hands—had the appointing
of inspectors and canvassers, the control of
tho police, the assistance of hired repeaters,
and the shameless partisan aid of the police
courts,—it was beaten at every point. The
people were aroused as they never have been be
fore by any election. They saw their substance
being stolen from them by a band of insolent
scoundrels, who treated their just complaints
with laughter, and their threats with lordly
contempt—they saw the dearest right of free
men, the foundation of our system of govern
ment, taken from them and allowed only to
hirelings and cut-throats—and they arose in
their might and crushed out forever the
wretches who have ruled for years by fraud
and terrorism. All honor to the noble people
—all honor to the brave, honest Democrats
who fought shoulder to shoulder with Repub
licans in the battle for municipal reform. The
city has been redeemed, and insolent officehold
ers have been taught that the shackles of party
are not strong enough to hold men in bonds
when they are determined to do' right. The
citizens of New York no longer fool ashamed
of the metropolis of tho western continent,
for it has proved itself worthy to enjoy the
blessings for which bravo and true men suffer
ed and died.
Not the least of the effects of our election
will be the influence which it must have in in
vigorating the Republicans of Europe, The
War for tho Union proved that a Republic
fighting for right and justice is stronger than
any monarchy or despotism and our peace
able overthrow on Tuesday of the men whohad
usurped all the powers which justly belonged
to the people, shows that tho ballot is a more
tremendous weapon than the sword or musket.
A greater revolution never occurred in any city,
and it was effected without appeal to arms or
the loss of one life. Tho world through re
publicans will feel strengthened by the noble
conduct of the honest citizens of Now York,
and they will rejoice with us over our great
and peaceable victory.
The end is not yet. “Eternal vigilance is
the price of liberty.” Tho robbers who have
plundered the city must bo punished and made
to give up their ill-gotten wealth, tho thieves
who voted timo after time on election day must
be sent to Sing Sing, and the scoundrels who
acted as canvassers must not be permitted to
escape. These last are tho worst of all. The
repeaters conld do but little without their con
nivance, and what the repeaters were incapable
of performing, they did with shameless alacri
ty. Every canvasser who is known to have
been guilty of ballot-box stuffing or miscount
ing should bo informed on and arrested. Let
twenty or thirty of tho rascals receive severely
just punishment, and tho crime of swindling
the electors out of their honest expression of
opinion will never again bo heard of. Wo care
not what the party of the man who counte
nances repeating, or who aids in fraudulent
counting, ho should bo indicted, convicted and
punished to the extant of tho law. If a Re
publican Knows or any Hopunncan canvasser
who acted dishonestly, he should at once in
form the Committee of Seventy; if a Demo
crat knows of one, he, too, should present affi
davits on which the rascal can be arrested. If
we do not punish the repeaters, the ballot-box
stuffing inspectors, and the fraudulent canvass
ers, wo shall not havo reaped the full harvest
of our great victory.
Honest men of Now York! you havo done
nobly. There is still work for you to do. Com
plete tho work by making it, if not impossible,
too dangerous for any body of men to cheat
you out of your votes. Crush out repeating
and fraudulent canvassing for evor!
SUGGESTIVE.
On Thursday evening last, the Democratic
Reform Association, of tlie Eighth Ward, cele
brated the victory of the previous Tuesday by
a grand procession and serenade in honor of
some of tho prominent members of their party,
On their way home they halted in Union
Square, and calling for “Brick” Pomeroy, com
plimented him with a serenade and a brief ac
knowledgement of their appreciation of his la
bors in the cause of reform. The worthy “Brick”
indulged in a few remarks appropriate to the
occasion, and after predicting tho speedy pun
ishment of the leaders of a party who had been
so tainted by political corruption, as their op
ponents were proved to.have.been, declared his
intention of still laboring steadfastly m tho in
terests of the reform party.
At tho conclusion of his address, the band
accompanying the processionists performed
several national and patriotic airs, and on de
mand for Stillmore music, struck up tho spirit
ed Irish air, Garryowen.” Now, with the
music of the latter we have no fault what
ever to find; but as.we cannot help remember
ing that tho words to which it is allied contain
the sentiment, “no man for debt shall go to
jail,” we must take exception to the idea sug
gested. Tho Hon. William M. Tweed and his
creatures have (dishonestly,) incurred a debt
to the honest, hard-working citizens of New
York, for which we sincerely trust they will “go
to jail,” and that speedily, too; and without
wishing to much longer delay its completion,
we may venture to express a desire that ere it
is finished the new County Court House may
yet be ornamented with stones, in tho break
ing of which these worthies will have assisted.
What a paper out West uncon
sciously printed The groom ia a Christian
and the bride a Baptist."
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
THE COMING LEGISLATURE.
The Republicans have carried the State by a
majority of nearly twenty thousand. Their
entire State ticket has been elected, and both
branches of the Legislature are Republican by
more than two-thirds. A triumph so sweep
ing was not expected by the most sanguine.
Among the work which will engage the atten
tion of the now Legislature will be the creation
of a Reform Charter for this city and Brooklyn.
We do not fear but that shall be created
that will meet the approval of honest Republi
cans and Democrats, for to its formation will
bo given the highest talent and the most en
lightened experience of both parties. Such
mon as Wm. M. Evarts and Charles O’Conor,
Horace Greeley and Oswald Ottendorfer, Fran
cis C. Barlow and Horatio Seymour will by
their advice aid the Legislature in making a
charter which will be as near perfect as it is
possible for human work to be. Other work
will be the impeachment of certain police jus
tices of this city, who for years past have given
protection to repeaters and struck down the
honest voters remorselessly. There has been
no greater means of corruption in this city
than our incompetent and unscrupulous police
judges. We do not not say that all our police
judges are incompetent or corrupt, but some of
thorn have been the partners of Tweed in his
vilest swindlings, and others have been known
as the organizers of the repeaters, the con
trollers of tho dishonest canvassers, and the
companions of tho lowest classes in the city.
It is high time that the portion of the judiciary
which comes into most immediate conlact
with tho groat body of citizens should be re
formed.
The coming Legislature will have plenty of
work to do. Let us hope that it will ba pa
triotic and unpartisan in its acts—that when it
shall adjourn the people will be able to award
it tho honor of having performed its duty faith
fully, honestly, and justly.
HONEST MEN IN COUNCIL.
In Brooklyn, the people—that is, the honest
men of both parties—are determined to crush
out repeating and false counting. On Friday
evening an immense meeting was held and a
committee appointed to ferret out the frauds.
A peculiarity of tho meeting was tho calm de
termination which pervaded the proceedings
throughout. There was no boisterousness in
tho auditors, and tho orators avoided all in
flammatory appeals. But any one who was
present could see that all were in dead earnest.
It is a cheering sign of the times that eminent
Democrats and Republicans arc working earn
estly together in so good a cause as that of
municipal honesty and elective purity. When
Democrats of the high character and known
ability of Gen. Henry W. Slocum join heartily
in the struggle for honest elections, we need
have no fears as to which side will win the vic
tory. In the speech which ho delivered—which
though brief was ono of the best of the ovon
ing—he uttered these truthful, patriotic sen
timents
Whenever it comes to the point that four or
five men can elect our officers, in a back room,
by themseives, character is worth nothing, and
property becomes of little value you havo no
hold on it. I believe every sensible Democrat
will unite most earnestly and cordially with the
people, who aro here assembled, to prosecute
to the bitter end every man who has been en
gaged in these frauds. The Legislature which
is about to assemble is in sympathy with this
meeting. I believe that it is composed, in tho
main, of honest and good mon. Let us ask ol
that Legislature to give us laws that will pre
serve the pnr.ty of the ballot-box. For one, I
say now, as 1 have always said, that you can
not m&ke too stringent a Registry law to suit
me. It would be belter to Compel every man
in the city to the trouble of going to some
place and registering his name a dozen times
every year, than to have our rights stolen from
us by having the ballot-box stuffed. For one,
I will lilt my voice in favor of the most strin
gent Registry law that can be enacted. Hav
ing that we can have a pure ballot.
Let us give this slight warning to speakers
.at mootings like the one of which wo have
been speak ng j Avoid as much as possible
speaking of Democrat afid KeyllMjcan. Party
feeling should have nothing whatever to do
with pure elections. It is a fight of the law
abiding, the intelligent, and the honest,
against the law-breakers, the ignorant, and
the corrupt. Stick to the main question, and
do not insult your political opponents.
A MATTER OF IMPORTANCE.
On election day, Dr. Ed. C. Harwood, of No.
54 West Forty-ninth street, received a call to
attend a woman named Ryan, whoso nose had
been broken by her husband. Taking the
necessary surgical instruments, he hurried to
the woman’s residence, and was soon at work
doing his utmost for her. The husband en
tered the room and ordered the doctor to
leave. He declined doing so until his work
was finished. Ryan made an attack on the
doctor, who succeeded in overpowering him.
Afraid that the man might do further damage,
as he was maddened by liquor, the doctor
went in search of a policeman. On the case
being stated to the first policeman he met, the
officer refused to accompany tho physician to
the house. Tho doctor then went in search of
another policeman. Ho met one going to the
polls to vote. On hearing the case, this po
liceman at once accompanied the doctor to the
house and arrested Ryan, who struggled
fiercely, and the policeman was eventually
compelled to obtain further assistance before
he could take him to the station-house. This
case raises a question which is of grave im
portance. Should it not be the duty of a po
liceman to give a physician protection in his
healing work, whenever and wherever request
ed to do so Suppose that an important ar
tery of the woman referred to had been cut,
tbo delay which the physician experienced in
procuring police aid might have caused Ko.
death. The policeman to whom Dr. Harwood
first applied may have been following strictly
tho “rules and regulations” of the depart
ment, and no blame probably attaches to him;
but the rules should be altered so that a phy
sician could at any time demand the aid of the
first policeman he found, no matter whether
the policeman was compelled to go off his beat
or not. It is seldom that physicians aro inter
fered with when attending the sick or wound
ed, but as such cases do occur, they should
havo the privilege of summoning police aid
wherever they can find it. We call the atten
tion of the Police Commissioners to this case,
and request of them, if the rules and regula
tions” are defective, to amend them; and if tho
rules are not at fault, to instruct the police
that they must instantly obey a physician’s
urgent call for protection when in the perform
ance of his professional duties.
“A Personal Favor.”—Just pre
vious to election, a lawver named T. G. Shear
man issued a circular calling upon Republicans,
as “a personal favor” to himself, to vote
against Francis C. Barlow. We have seen
some pretty extensive exhibitions of cheek,”
but not ono which would bear comparison with
this request for personal favor.” Mr. Shear
man evidently thinks himself a gentleman of
surpassing Importance, and the elective fran
chise a matter of but slight moment. Repub
licans differ somewhat in opinion from Mr.
Shearman, and the rousing majority which
they havo given Francis C. Barlow is tbeir ex
pression of contempt for tho man who could
ask an intelligent body of men to cast their
votes as a “personal favor.”
Answering a Conundrum.—The lat
est returns of Assemblymen elected givo the
Republicans Ninety-eight, and the Democrats
Thirty. In tho Senate, the Republicans have
Twenty-four and the Democrats Eight. In the
Republican count, we do not include the Reform
Democrats who were elected from this city,
and who will undoubtedly vote with the Re
publicans on all measures of local reform. Tho
city has been carried sweepingly against
Tammany, not so much as one Alderman hav
ing been elected. The people havo pretty ef
fectively answered the Mayor’s conundrum;
What will you do about it 1"
The tho storm has blown over,”
and that piratical craft, Tammany, lies a
wreck on a lee shore. Most of tho officers are
drowned, and the sailors are clinging to brok
en spars, ncketty hen-coops, etc. The pilot—
Peter B. Sweeny—desorted the ship before she
was known to be a total wreck.
SENSIBLE ACTION.
We have rec-ivjd tho following sensible let
ter from Aiderman Edward Welch. The senti
ments ho utters aro those of the old-fashioned
Democrats—tho men who led the party m tho
days when local organizations had rights, and
the foremost men sought office, not tor its
emoluments, but its honor. Mr. Welch, al
though a Tammany man, has never acquiesced
in the high-handed measures adopted by the
Ring:
To the Editor of the N. Y. Dispatch
As there is likely to be some confusion in tho pub
lic mind relating to the next Board of Aidermen of
this city, I desire to state publicly what my course
shall be. The term of office for which I was elected
Aiderman expires on the first Monday of January,
1872, at 12 o’clock, noon. My name, was among the
list of candidates for Alderman on the regular Demo
cratic ticket, voted at the last election.
If I am officially declared elected, I shall expect to
take my seat for the new term, and under no other
circumstances shall Ido so. Ido not recognize the
right of the Legislature to extend or abridge the
term of any incumbent of an elective office; neither
do I acknowledge its right to delegate the power to
any official to appoint persons to fill what should be.,
and always nave been ,elective offices.
Having always been, and expecting always to be, a
Democrat, I cannot acquiesce in the Anti-Democratic
doctrine of legislating persons into or out of office.
I further hold that any charter for this or any other
city should be submitted, before its adoption, to the
'people who are to be governed by it.
Edward Welch,
Alderman of City of New York.
Where Did the Money Go
Early in September we published the follow
ing in our editorial columns, but have nover
received the information sought. Can* the
Committee of Seventy tell us about the
$54,000 referred to?
Defrauding the “Old Police.”—Last Win
ter, Home $54,000 were appropriated to pay
judgments which had been entered against
the city of New York in favor of members of
the Municipal Police—tbo police which was
succeeded by the Metropolitan Police. We
have asked several men who were members of
the “old force” how much of the $54,000 had
been received by them, and we have yet to
discover tbo first individual who has been paid
one red cent. We have always thought’the
“old force” entitled to no pay, as they re
volted against their legal head; but, as the
money was appropriated to them, they should
have received the amounts of their judgments.
It is evident that there has been a swindle
here, and some fortunate friend of Controller
Connolly has kindly pocketed the $54,000
which belonged to the members of tho old
Municipal Police. We may possibly bo able,
in a short time, to discover the lucky fellow
who was “in” with Controller Connolly in de
frauding the people and the old force out
of $54,000.
P. H.—We received a note with
the foregoing initials signed to it. We do not
exactly understand what t le writer meant to
convey; but wo gathered from one sentence
that he or she was very sick and poor.” If
tho writer will call at the Dispatch office and
inquire for the editor, that amiable and ob
liging gentleman will do his utmost to answer
the conundrums which he couldn’t comprehond
in the manuscript. If there is any one thing
more than another on which ho prides himsolf,
it is answering conundrums. Ho is the only
man who ever answered tho conundrum which
Adam propounded to Eve How many wells
make a river?” He has tackled several of
Okey Hall’s conundrums, overthrown them,
and is still alive. Ho will bet his bottom dol
lar or a throo-yoar-old standing collar, that ho
can answer any and all of “P. H.’s” con
undrums without fainting. Call and sea him.
He is amiable when he isn’t angry, and never
bites but when ho has ono of his bad spoils—
bad spells in this case has no reference to de
fective orthography.
'.tit
His Guardian Angel. —lt is’si
every man who has a guardian angel in this
world. Happy is he who possesses one. They
are not rarer than koh-i-noor diamonds, but
are infinitely more valuable. In the pres
ent issue of the Dispatch wo give the begin
ning of “Lucy Mavis; or, His Guardian An
gel.” It is the story of a young man who did
not journey through life without tripping,
any more than you have, dear sir; but he did
not go to ruin, for he had a guardian angel in
a true and loving woman, who surrounded him
with her pure love, and drew him back to walk
in the straight path, merely through her deep,
unselfish love. The story will be found one of
the most charming love tales which we have
ever printed.
The Champion Law Mangler.— lf
any of our citizens have a wish to see law
mangled, justice defied, and poor men abused,
let them attend a session of the Essex Market
Court when the eminent ex-pork packer pre
sides. Tho blind goddess never before pos
sessed so extraordinary a minister. Bunsby
was a child in profundity to the man,who, when
he wags his head, the Tenth, Eleventh, Thir
teenth, and Seventeeth Wards tremble to their
inmost depths—especially in the neighborhood
of Canal street. The Committee of Seventy
are going to search into some neat little elec
tion frauds which havo occurred in this police
district. “Lot justice be done though pork
should havo a fall.”
Worthy of Credit.—ln the midst
of the many attempts of the police in tho va
rious Precincts to overawe the voters and pro
tect repeaters, Capt. Davis (of the Tenth) and
the men under him are entitled to credit for
having manfully done their duty. Had the po
lice of tho Tenth Precinct had the aid of a po
lice judge honest and earnest in tho enforce
ment of tho law. Koaox Mamet Prison would
have been well filled with repeators. As it was,
there was not in the city a Precinct freer from
illegal voting than the Tenth. The credit of
this is due to the Republicans who watched and
challenged, to the Germans who would not be
defrauded of thoir votes, and to the police cap
tain, sergeants and men.
It is stated that our expensive
flower, Sweet Weelyum,” is packing his
trunks preparatory to following his bosom
friend, Garvey, to Switzerland. If Sweet
Weelyum” will only take with him those gems
of great price, Corson and Wilbour and Scott,
he will do one thing for which the people will
not reproach him. We think they are in a
proper frame of mind to appreciate the grand
scenery of that mountainous land. Switzer
land presents this additional attraction there
is no land where there are finer opportunities
for any one anxious to commit suicide in a
solitary way.
The builders of this city have been
muttering for a long timo past that Mr. Mac
gregor has greatly oppressed them. We havo
tried several times to get the facts, but the
builders have stated that they were afraid, as
Mr. Macgregor’s power was so great that he
could ruin them. The builders need no longer
be afraid. The power of tho Ring is gone, and
the honest mon will not permit any part of our
population to be oppressed or defrauded by
officeholders. If Mr. Macgrogor has been
guilty of the exactions with which ho is
charged he is unfit to remain in office an hour.
Messrs. Builders, tell us tho whole truth.
To Correspondents.—Will corre
spondents please remember that we must havo
their names and addresses before we will no
tice their communications We do not mean
this to apply to those who ask us questions to
be answered through our department of
“Notes and Queries,” but those who write to
us letters for publication. We cannot, of
course, pay any attention to such communica
tions unless the real name and address accom
paniy it.
Alaska wants population. Can’t
our frightened Tammany friends be induced to
go there There is a fine opening in that ter
ritory for mon of their peculiar talents. They
might succeed in stealing a little “lire from
heaven” with which to heat it up.
Judge Hilton is disgusted, and so
he resigns. It gives us pleasure to witness
such general resignation on tho part of tho
Ring managers at the result of tba elootion.
Next
The Harlem Court House lias swal
lowed up $273,000 of the people’s money, and
the people have only got a foundation for their
money. There is, also, foundation for a suit
at law against Prince Hal Genet. By present
appearances, “the family job” will prove a
greater affliction to the family than was the
ancient Job to his immediate relatives.
Cork.—Our Irish readers will find
Mr. D. J. Twohey’s article very readable. It
gives a very interesting and cleverly-condensed
history of Cork. Americans will, also, find it
of interest, as Cork was the birth-place of that
pure statesman and expert financier, Rich
ard B. Connolly.
©iW ami smb.
I
A cotemporary says “The illus
trated newspapers all have a portrait of the
Grand Duke Alexis. The illustrated news
paper which at this time does not have a pic
ture of Alexis will lose at least one hundred
thousand subscribers. The pictures are any
thing but flattering to Alexis. He seems to be
one of the kind of distinguished persons whoso
greatness does not beam from the counten
ance. He looks as though he might some
time have been a dignified salesman in a
ready-made clothing store; not many would
take him for a prince, with the royal blood
leaping in gorgeous magnificence through bis
superior veins. Ho has a high forehead, but
really is not sufficiently royal in appearance to
satisfy the cravings of the great republican
heart of this country. If his portraits are all.
that they pretend to bo, it is to be feared that
his friends will be largely disappointed in
Alexis.”
It is seldom that we find ourselves
affected to tears by poetry. Wo bavo read
“Enoch Arden,” without a snivel, listened to
the lament about Poor Dog Tray,” and didn’t
get up a sob, and have had “Home, Sweet
Home” warbled to us by the lips of beauty
without a tear-drop trickling down our ruddy
cheek. But the simplicity, delicacy, and
pathos of these few lines caused tears to well
up from the bottom of our somewhat callous
heart:
When poor pa died and went to Heaven,
What grief mamma endured I
But, ah! that grief was soon assuaged,
For pa he was insured;
And when ma went there, oh, how funny i
The office paid her all the money.
A gushing writer says that “na
ture’s choicest product is woman, and modesty
being the interior fount that suffuses her with
bloom ladyhood, as the consummate flower,
the florescent acme of womanhood, a distilla
tion from its superlatives, draws from this
fount a perennial freshness.” Wo are con
vinced that any man who doubts tbo truth of
the writer’s remarks must boa lily-livered
scoundrel, whom it would be the basest flat
tery to call a villain of the deepest dye”—yes,
it would be complimentary to call him a
maroon colored wretch.”
There is a public benefactor in
Russia, and like public benefactors in other
lands he does not receive the reward which is
justly his due. This man’s benefaction to the
public is a new method of killing criminals.
His way is to tie the criminal, neck and heel,
throw the slack of the rope over a hook, and
then twist the body around until strangulation
takes place. Will it be believed that the Em
peror has not made the inventor a count, nor
have the people presented him with numerous
ducats Empires, like republics are some
times ungrateful,
A Boston p&per published the
startling information: Bismarck has but
two hairs on the top of his head, and they are
gray.” Now, we don’t sec any thing very start
ling in a man having two gray hairs on the top
of his head. If ho had two hairs, of any
color, growing out of the palm of his hand, qj
out of an eye-ball, or out of a front tooth, we
woulS bo astonished. But wo can’t be har
rowed up by an old fraud like Bismarck, when
we know plenty of men who have more than
two gray hairs growing on the top of their
heads, and we never knew any of them to be
sorry for it.
Notwithstanding that Chicago is in
ashes, there doesn’t seem to be much weeping
and wailing and gnashing of teeth. In fact
the papers are as lively as ever. The other
day the Post said: The first divorce suit
since the fire has been entered, and we are
once more a city.” And a few days after, the
poet who does the pathetic for the Post, burst
into the following grand ode
A tinker and a tailor,
A soldier and a sailor,
A newspaper reporter who couldn’t get his pay;
Bank messengers and tellers,
And a host of other tellers.
Are now carpenters and masons at §5 a day.
The Chicago Republican is slightly
sarcastic on insurance companies. It says
When a man calls at an insurance office to pur
chase a policy, he is regarded as a distinguished
visitor, and treated accordingly. When ho re
turns to tbo same establishment after the
fire,’ to collect what is due to him, he is re
garded as a poor relation; his questions are
answered with insolence, and ho is given pretty
loudly to understand that ho is a good deal of
an intruder anyhow.”
Saratoga boasts the latest gram
matic peculiarity in the shape of a sign some
where on Congress street, which reads as fol
lows “Wood and Hay Sawed and Split.” Wo
have inquired into this matter, and learn that
the man who owns the sign saws and splits the
hay in tho most effective manner. He has
been known to split a bale of hay in a few min
utes. He always uses a broad-ax in the oper
ation.
All fears for tho safety of his Im
perial Highness, the Grand Duke Alexis, will
be allayed when it is known that Prince Yakoff
Sohakoiski is flag officer of the squadron, and
that Peter Venokuruff, Jarif Moleisky, and
Shepan Kusmin are along. His health is cared
for by Dr. Alkabiron Pillkoffski, and his stom
ach fed by the eminent cook, Jaughbreckeroff
Vsutlumkowloof.
An old traveler tells a pretty tough
story about being lost in the woods with his
dog, where he could find nothing to eat, and
had to cut off the dog’s tail, which he boiled
for himself, and afterward gave the dog the
bone! We’d rather attempt to borrow SIOO
from a Tammany politician than believe the
story.
An officer of the customs of East
port, seeing a conspicuous-looking package be
ing carried through one of the streets, one
evening not long sincc y asked what the package
contained. Nothing but swill,” said the in
nocent carrier. Tho swill turned out to be an
appropriate name for a cask of gin, which is.
now the property of Uncle Sam.
The Saralogiah seems to have a
sort of horror of “dull” statistics, if the
following circumlocution is any criterion
“Just twenty-one years from to day ho will be
able to vote. Oysters are good, but the boy is
better. All are doing well. The birth is timed
at 4:20 A. M. Eor further particulars we refer
to Von An Antwerp, to whom we tender our
congratulations.”
Some fathers are too hard-hearted
for any thing. A man scolded his twelvo-ycar
old son fully five minutes the other day because
the child used his (the father’s) best Sunday
razor to open oysters with. We don’t see how
the razor could hurt the oysters anyhow.
“Indian Joe,” a Piute medicine
man, well known among the whites, was stoned
to death by his tribe, having failed to restore
to health two sick Indians. Tho practice of
medicine among the Indians evidently has its
unpleasant features.
Three hundred dollars for the
other man and a wig for himself is what it
costs the Knightstown (Ind. J husband for kiss
ing a wife that does not belong to him.
The Boston Post says “In New
York they call red hair “Schenectady color”
Schenectady being, as every one knows, a little
beyond “Auburn,"
Here is a new field for rivalry: A
Lanesville man, eighty-sevon years old, was
born when his father was seventy-eight, and he
wants to know if there is another man living
whose father was born one hundred and sixty
five years ago.
A Michigan doctor, who was ar
rested because his patient died, has been ao
quited on tho ground that ho did the best he
could, giving all tho medicines he knew tho
names of.
ELECTION FRAUDS.
THE SWINDLING INSPECTORS AND
CANVASSERS,
Destroying Ballots and Count
ing Out Candidate s.
THE PERPETRATORS TO BE FERRETED OUT.
The People Resolved That They
Shall be Punished.
THE POLICE AS A POLITItAL MACHINE.
They Overawe Honest Voters,
and Protect Repeaters.
THE OFFENDERS MUST BE DISMISSED.
A Warning for the Future to Dishonest
Canvassers, Repeaters, and Partisan
Policemen.
That there were open and unblushing frauds per
petrated in this city at the recent election.no one
has the hardihood to deny. In the First Assembly
District of this city, and in many of the election dis
tricts of the Fourth Senatorial District, where Tweed
and O’Donovan Rossa were running, there were per
petrated the most
UNBLUSHING AND BAREFACED FRAUDS
in tbo interest of the Tammany candidates. Tam
many inspectors, acting under instructions, and in
the interest of their masters, openly destroyed Re
form ballots, and substituted for them others bear
ing the names of tho Tammany candidates. In tho
Assembly districts where Thomas C. Fields and
Alexander Frear ran, tho count in certain districts
was kept back, in order that it might be known how
much majority was needed, and when information
was obtained, the count was then proceeded with,
and In each case enough Tammany majority was re
turned to insure the election of these two tricksters.
In the Seventh Ward, although it has now consider
able Garman population, Shandley canvassers re
turned him over 6,000 votes, and gave Sigel but a
trifle over 850. This is a manifest absurdity.
THE FRAUDS IN THE TWO CITIES.
Believing that the investigation of the frauds in
this city and Brooklyn will occupy the attention of
the Committees of Investigation for some time to
come, and that the interest of the public, which has
become fully aroused with reference to municipal
frauds and corruption in the two cities, will centre
for the time being on the investigations relative to
the frauds at the recent elections, the Dispatch has
concluded to give the fullest information concerning
them it can obtain. The revelations that have been
made are perfectly astounding, and show that in
portions of this city, and in the greater part of
Brooklyn, a slate of things exists fully as bad as in
San Francisco before tho Vigilance Committee took
hold of the matter and exerted a purifying influence
in its own peculiar and forcible way. It seemed at
one time as though that was the only remedy for the
corruption that existed here. Our election has
proved the contrary. The good people of Brooklyn
are about to show that they do not propose to sit
down tamely and submit to the frauds that were
practiced by wholesale on Tuesday last. In the
FIRS J gISIRICT,
of this city, comprising the Ifrirst, Second, Third and
Fifth Wards, the strongest attempts were made to
elect Nicholas Muller, the Tammany candidate.
Justice Hogan visited the Seventh and Eighth Elec
tion Districts of tho First Ward, and saw ample evi
dence of fraud. In the Seventh District, ho saw
James Burns, the Tammany inspector, deliberately
drop the Reform tickets, given him by voters, on
tho floor, and substitute the Tammany ballots. In
the Eighth District of tho samo Ward, ho saw
Michael J. Cullen, tho Tammany inspector, do pre
cisely the. same thing. He called the attention of
others to these acts, and on their affidavits. Justice
Hogan issued warrants for the arrest of the ballot
box staffers. Capt. Cherry, commanding the police
of the Twenty-seventh Precinct, refused to allow the
warrants to be served on election day, and so tho
fraud was continued until the close of the voting.
Not only this, but after the polls closed, there was
false counting. Nevertheless, in spito of this false
voting and counting, James Healy, the Reform can
didate for Assembly, beat his Tammany opponent
by over five hundred majority.
THE FRAUDS PERPETRATED BY TWEED’S
FRIENDS,
There is ample evidence that tho friends of Tweed
were guilty of the most bare-faced frauds in many of
the election districts. There is no question but that
O’Donovan Rossa carried the First Ward, as well as
the Second and Third, which were conceded to him.
It is also claimed that a fair coubt in the Fourteenth
Ward would show that Rossa had a majority. In the
Fourth and Sixth Wards, tickets where Tweed’s
name had been erased or pasted ovor wore counted
for him. Along tho river front the ’longshoremen
went almost solid for Rossa. Not ono in twenty of
these votes were counted for him. In the Sixth and
Seventh Wards the votes cast for Rossa were counted
for Tweed. In districts where Rossa had a majority,
his votes were transferred to Tweed, and a majority
of hundreds given to the latter. In tho Second Elec
tinn District of tho Fourth Ward, Dr. O’Grady, a
friehd of Rossa’s, challenged a repeater, and was
ihrust from the polling-place. He complained to the
police, and was told to go home. In tho Tenth Elec
tion District of the Seventh Ward. Michael Whalen,
Chairman of tho Shandley Association, one of the
Tammany Inspectors, was caught chewing up Re
form ballots and spitting them on the floor. In this
same district there were 501 votes polled for Register,
and of these only two were counted for Sigel. Affi
davits have been procured from thirty-five persons
who voted for Sigel in this district alone.
In tho Eleventh District of the Seventh Ward only
one vote was counted for Sigel. The affidavits of
twenty-five persons can be obtained that they voted
for him. Hera, too, Rossa was given scarce 20votes.
Throughout this Senatorial district there is ample
evidence that the
MOST ASTOUNDING FRAUDS
were committed. The Republican watchers were
overawed and driven from the polls, in order that
these frauds might be consummated. Rossa has de
termined to contest the election of Tweed, and with
good prospects of success. Bossa was arrested at
the polls on election day, when about to cast his
vote, on the charge of not being a citizen. He was
taken before a magistrate and at once discharged.
Had the election and subsequent counting elsewhere
throughout the city been conducted as it was in this
district, the magnificent Reform victory and tho
consequent smashing of tho Ring w®uld count for
nothing.
HOW THOMAS C. FIELDS WAS ELECTED.
During the day, troops of laborers employed in
the Central Park, were marshaled to the polls, un
der the. leadership of foremen and others in the
Park and on the Boulevards. Not this alone. In
certain of the districts inspectors were appointed
who could be depended on to return whatever ma
jority might be required, was done. In this
manner was* Hon. Horatio Seymour, a man against
whose character nothing could be brought, beaten
by a man as corrupt as Thomas C. Fields. This elec
tion will bo contested by the Committee of Seventy.
ALEXANDER FREAR CERTAIN TO BE RE
JECTED.
In spite of all the frauds that were perpetrated in
tho interest of Alexander Frear, candidate for As
sembly, he was elected by a majority of only 27.
Enough frauds have already been unearthed to ren
der it certain that he will be rejected by the incom
ing Legislature. In the case of both Frear and
Fields, the returns of certain districts were held
back until the remainder could be heard from, and
then the returns in these districts were so doctored
as to return a plurality over all for the Tammany
candidates. The election of these men does not help
the Tammany Ring (what there is left of it) in tho
slightest, but they will be rejected, nevertheless, in
order to show that the ‘days of fraud are past.
WHAT WILL BE DONE ABOUT IT.
When the Ring were charged last Spring with
their thefts, they insolently asked, “Well, what are
you going to do about it?’’ Now, in view of these
astounding frauds, the people ask what is to be done
about it. The glorious triumph won in this city has
shown our citizens what they can do when placed on
their mettle, and a united effort is made by the
friends of Reform. They have overthrown the cor
rupt olig areby that have made this, city a hissing
and by word of reproach throughout the civilized
world for the past four or five years, and will insist
on the most ample punishment being meted out to
them. They also demand that these men who have
been found openly violating the elective franchise,
and endeavoring to negative the will of the people
receive their just deserts. No fialf-way measures
will be deemed Buffioieut-
Sunday Edition. November 12
WHAT GEN. BARLOW FAVORS,
The utterances of Maj-Gen. Francis C. Barlow, At
torney-Goneral elect, is a fair indication of what the
people will be satisfied with, and that alone. Speak
ing of the election, he said it was impossible to exag
gerate the importance of the great victory won at the
polls in this City and State by the friends of Reform
on Tuesday. Few, ho said, expected it to be so de
cisive, and the most sanguine watchers of the elec
tion returns on Tuesday night were overwhelmed by
the evidences of the extent of the popular uprising
against official corruption which came rapidly pour*
ing in upon them. Since the great outburst of popu
lar indignation on the 12th of April, 1861, there has
been no like demonstration of the hidden virtue,
courage and honesty_gf the people. There is no
doubt, continued Gqd. Barlow, but that we can novi
easily rid ourselves of all our corrupt officials, tha
Mayor, the Commissioners officers and in the dif
ferent municipal bureaux, the Judges of the City
Courts and inferior Courts, in fact all the creations
of the new charter can be, and will be abolished by
legislative enactment.
A new charter will be framed and an election will
be ordered under it. The Judges of the highei
courts, who are constitutional appointments, will bo
reached through impeachment. Criminal proceed
ings will be commenced against every man who is
implicated in the city frauds. This can be relied
upon. This, I take it, continued the general, is only
the commencement of reform. If it is the end, then
we have made a great deal ado about nothing. Tho
people want those who have stolen their money sent
to the State Prison, and the same evidence that
caused the arrest of the thieves should be sufficient
to indict them.
WHOLESALE ARRESTS TO BE MADE.
Affidavits are now being prepared, and when com
pleted will be submitted to certain of the police jus
tices. In these, specific charges will bo made
against a large number of Tammany inspectors and
canvassers, for stuffing tho ballot-boxes, substitut
ing Tammany for Reform ballots, and destroying
others. And these suits will bo pressed to a satis
factory conclusion. Eor once, there seems to be a
chance to secure tho conviction and scntenco oi
these scoundrels. A committee of five, of which
Abraham R. Lawrence, William H. Wickham, and
Henry Clinton, three able lawyers, ono tho most
prominent, meet every day at No. 25 Nassau street,
and receive complaints and information. For on co,
tho machine of justice is to bo in tho hands of lion*
est men, and the culprits may well tremble.
A COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY FOR BROOKLYN.
Seeing the success that lias attended tho efforts of
the Committee of Seventy in this city, the better
class of the people of Brooklyn without distinction
of party, have resolved to submit no longer to tho
outrageous frauds that havo been perpetrated year
after year by McLaughlin and others under his
leadership. Efforts will be made to have the elec
tion on Tuesday last set aside, on the ground of fraud,
and a new ono ordered. A committee will bo ap
pointed to confer with Governor Hoffman, after tho
proofs of fraud have been collected* and there is no
doubt but that he will comply with their request,
and order a new election. Governor Hoffman is a
fair-minded man, and is believed to sympathize with
the Reform Democrats, under the lead of Tilden and
Barrett, in this city, and Kalbfleisch, in Brooklyn.
THE POLICE INTERFERING IN ELECTIONS.
Charges have never, since the time of Mayor
Wood, been so freely made against the Police of in
terfering in tho election. Captain Ward, of the
Twenty-second, and Captain Clinchy, of the Twenty
third Precinct, and Sergeant Loonie, of the Eigh
teenth Precinct, were openly charged before tha
election with visiting saloon-keepers, and by iniimi
dation endeavoring to compel them to support Gone!
and Bradley for Senators. Loonie rendered himself
especially obnoxious in this respect. Ho has been
transferred since the election, it is understood at his
own request, and Capt. Cameron reinstated in com
mand. Whether or not the Commissioners will or
der an investigation into these alleged infractions ol
tho Police Rules is a question tho public would like
to see settled.
SPEEDY PUNISHMENT FOR THE
OE THE PURITY OF THE BALLOT.
A representative of the Dispatch yesterday called
at the offices of Abraham R. Lawrence, Jr., at No. 25
Nassau street, and Henry Clinton, at No. 169 Broad
way. Ho was assured that the work of preparing
affidavits against those who had tampered with tha
ballots on election day, and otherwise violated tho
election lawa, was being proceeded with rapidly.
For obvious reasons the affidavits taken cannot be
made public as yet, nor the names of the alleged
guilty parties. _ Tho entire plan of operations has
been mapped out, and there is no question but that
such punishment will bo meted out to the guilty
ones as will make a repetition of the evils under
which wo havejsuffered impossible for many a day#
The affidavits thus far taken include charges against
inspectors and canvassers of election for frauds in
voting and counting the ballots, substituting Tam
many ballots for Reform, and falsifying the count
on election night. There are also
COMPLAINTS AGAINST POLICEMEN
for ejecting watchers who ware supplied with th<3
proper credentials, and who should havo boon pro
tected in their desire to see a lair count instead of
being thrust from the polling places. It is asserted
there is ample evidence already in tha hands of tha
Committee of Five to send a large number of per
sons to State Prison, and the evidence is daily in
creasing to such an extent that a considerable in
crease of clerical force is deemed necessary. Every
Ward in the city is represented in these complaints,
and nearly every election district in some of the
down-town Wards, comprising the Fourth Senatorial
District. It is needless to say that in evory case in
this district the frauds were committed in the inter
est of Tweed. Should all tho persons against whom
complaint is made be convicted, it will ba necessary
to erect an addition to the Sing Sing Prison.
SEEKING SAFETY IN FLIGHT.
We have heard of a few cases of Tammany inspect*
ors and canvassers, who were known to be guilty of
fraud, who have sought safety in flight. It would
not be surprising if many more were to follow their
example.
AFTER THE STORM.
Tammany Swamped Beneatli
tlie Waves ef lieform.
What the “Ring’’ and the De
feated Candidates are “Doing
About It.”
TWEED, SWEENY, HALL AND CONNOLLY.
«How tli® Old Thing” Loofts for Bradley,
Norton, Genet, Ledwith, and tha
Smalisr Fry Politieians.
Under all the reverses of political fortune, Tweed*
like Dickens’, Mark Tapley is “jolly.” He told an
interviewer that ho slept like a top, that politics
never interferes with his digestion nor his rest, and
his appearance verified tne truth of his statement.
It was reported in an evening paper, on Wednesday,
that he had taken passage for Europe on the Russia,
and was actually seen on deck with telescope in
hand taking a last look of the fast receding shores of
his native land. But the next morning by means of
some mysterious hocus pocus, he was at his desk
as usual. Tha sensation news was too good to ba
true. But
MR. MARK TAPLEY TWEED
will require all his philosophy and “jolity” to carry
him through his trial shortly to come off for robbing
the city treasury out of the millions he now has pos
session of.
MR. PETER “BRAINS” SWEENY,
the Bismarck of the Tammany Ring, and the power
behind the throne, has resigned his position in tha
Board of Park Commissioners. His resignation waa
written on election day, after he discovered the in
evitable fate of Tammany and his brother-in-law,
John J. Bradley, the City Chamberlain, who waa
a candidate tor State Senator. It is now asserted
that Mr. Sweeny’s active mind is already maturing a
plan for Tammany to recover its lost power. Hia
resignation is deemed to be “a ruse to divert the
public attention from himself as a late member of
the Ring.” The name of “Tammany” is to be
ignored, and now leaders are to be elected, but Mr,
Sweeny is to pull the vzires behind the scenes.
Another report has it that he is to be arrested by
the Bureau for the Correction of Municipal Cor
ruption, they having discovered evidonce sufficient
to warrant the arrest. Mr. O’Conor does not posi
tively deny this, but simply says, “he had not au
thorized any ono to circulate the report.”
MR. CONNOLLY,
tho late Controller, remains quietly in the back*
ground, biding his time for a new deal of cards.
Pecuniarily, ho can stand it if he never comes to tha
surface again. He is said to boa particular friend of
Jimmy O’Brien, who beat Bradley for State Senator.
Jimmy is now looming high up in the political hori
zon, and stanch a good chance for future, prefer-
OF MAYOR HALL,
no one his anything to say. He is left high and drj
on a sand bar, where ho will remain and amusa
himself with his horrid puns until the next freshet
sweeps him forever beneath the waters of political
oblivion.
The great Triumvirate of the Tammany Bing thus
being disposed of, the small fry who havo not been
landed are swimming in shallow water.
THUNDERBOLT NORTON
got hla aulotua by 4.374 majority, go twod ovary