INSURANCE.,
r
OfficeKfflTH COLLEGE.
It o r-
JOES 'LUMBDEH, FrMldmt
0. P.THBtJSTOJf.'Vice'Prest. ,1k
D. It-JoHKSOlf, Secretary.
INSURANCE.
Naskville Ceimercial
INSURANCE COMPANY.
23ta,"fclisliot3L Ita. 1854.
Officio. 89 North College Street,
XAsirmxE, tejrv.
jk. -4
CASU'CAFITAX, $100,000.
Tnltni Flrf Kl ver nail Marine KiNkN nt
Fair Kntcs: Writes Carefnlly,
Adjasts Fairly, Pnjn
Promptly.
I)IH.EOTOH.S
It C. MoNAIRY, R. JT. GARDNER,
.JOHN KIRKMAN, M. BUBNS,
O. K. HILLMAN. .1. H. KAA1N.
W. Jt. EVANS.
1- H. LANIER,
JAMES .WOODS
Mtvvivnir f
B. C." McNAIRT, K. D. HICKS,
President. Secretary.
marl lysp
CARPETS, OILCLOTHS, ETC.
TOfHQTJSEKBBPERS.
S2O,0gjgTorth of Carpets at Cost.
FROSlHoWTIL'XEXT CHRISTMAS,
we,will sell (FOB CAS II) ournUre Stock cf
CarpetsfOllclOths, Matting, Damask and Lace
Curtains, -AT COjiT. Many of these goods were
bought before tho recent advance, and will be
Mld for less than yew York wholesale prices.
Wc respectf ully Invite everybody needing any
thing lu the Carpet Line to call and examine our
lock and prices during the next sixty days..
IV. A. BEXSOSf CO..
No. 50 College Street.
SaslivBle, Oct. 20, 1CT1. oc20 lmsplthp
WINDOW SHADES, ETC.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
LRvFREEMAN,
So. 0 Xorth College Street,
A VEWDOORS ABOVE CnCRCH,TWO STOKV HE1CK,
..Invites especial attention to his
Largcand Elegant Assortment
OF
WW SHADES AND COME,
JrOETIlAIT AND riCTCBE FRASES,
lAiVTEE PIER MIRRORS,
Also.-tlils UNUSUALLY ATTRACTIA E coV-j-
lection of fine
riafii and Colored Lithographs,
ESGRAYIXGS, ETC.,
AT .FIGURES WHICH DEFY COM
PETITION. Call and Examine. Orders Solicited.
oc283mspithp
HAILMU) JTDIE TABLE.
Tennessee and Paciflc Knilroad.
Two Daily Trains (Sunday excepted.)
No. 1 Leaves Nashville at 430 r. M.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .&30 r. x.
Leaves Lebanon at 0:30 A. si.
Arrives at Nashvllls aXM A. x.
No. 2 Leaves Lebanon at. 4:30 p. M-
Arrives at Nashville at..":15 r. x.
Leaves Nashville at. 6:13 a. X.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .9:00 A.M.
Nashville and Dccntur Railroad.
UOINOS01JTH NafhvllleaiidDecatur trains
leave station on South Cherry street at 6:30 a. m.
and fc30.r. si. No train Sunday morning.
Accommodation at 3:30 r. si., (goes to Colum
bia.) Trains arrive- at 430 A. si. and 7:30 r. si.
Accommodation at 9:50 a. m.
Lonisville and Jfeshville Railroad.
Jcavc Station on Nortk College street, atC:15
A. and 2:23 r. M., and 9.40 p.m.
trrives at?:30 A. si., 4:40 p. M. and &30 r. si.
The 2: 0?.M. train does not t-top at any point
tw-twceti jJashville and Gallatin, except Ldge
ncld Junction', and does not run on Sunday,
tiallatln Accommodation, Daily.
J-eavr Nashville 430 p. X.
Arrives at Gallatin .6:45 r. si.
r.dscJleld and Kentucky Rail roail.
Trains on the Edgefield and Kentucky Railroad
will run as follows:
Mall.leaves Nashville 5:00 A. si.
Express leaves Nashville 12:S0r. m.
Jtad arrives 6:20 p. M.
Express arrives 'j 80a. si.-
hi. I-ui!. Memphis, Snshville and
Cbattanoojra Great Central
Thronirh I.lnc.
Cliatianooga train leaves. 8:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. M.
arrivesi:13 P. si. and 3:40 A. si.
Mrmiihls train leaves.. ..3:45 a. si. and 230 P. M.
arrives. .-530 A. si. and 3:13 p. M.
St. Iouls train lea-es....3:43 A. St.
arrives... 530 a. si.
Shelbyville train leaves. .4:00 r. si.
arrives935 a. m.
The X. andp:30 P. x. trains do not run
on Sunday.
The 3:43 A. M. and 9:00 P. si. trains run dallv.
Louisville nnd Cincinnati Short Line
Railroad.
Trains leave and arrive at Louisville as fellows';
leave. AnmVB.
L. C. Injunction 6:00 a. si.
Cincinnati Mail, except
Sunday 9:23 P. M.
Southern Fast Line, except
Sunday. 6:13 a. m.
6:40 r. si.
Cincinnati Express, daily. 3:53 r. M.
Cincinnati 'Night Express,
except Sunday. 10:43 p. St.
Lexington Mall, except
Soxdav. 6:05 A. si,
Iexington" Express, except
Sunday. 330 r. St.
LaGrange "Accommodation,
qxcept Sunday. 5:03 r. si.
12:10 P. si.
5:23 A. si.
6:40 p.m.
11:10 P. si.
8:05 A.
New Advertisements.
For choice reading, call at Singletons
Circulating library, C3 Cherry street, where
13 just received a great variety of books and
papers. A year's reading for $5.
John Gilgan Co., at the Trade Palace,
liave just received a lot of fine wool blan
kets and magnificent furs.
The 00 cent Store, Union street, is just
receiving a big supply of fine and attractive
oods.
The drawing of the Real Estate Distribu
tion at Memphis takes place on the 9th of
Xoveml)er.
Observe original attachment notices from
Humphreys county.
UrotiBd in what is known as the '-Old
Tetway Tract,"-will'be sold by order of the
County Court on the 2Cth of November.
A large supply of grape vines of one and
two years' growth for sale at Payne's Yine
vanl, nc:ir Nashville.
Yeatmaa, Shields' Co. will sell at auc
tion toHlay a large stock, of dry goods,
clothing, etc.
Hrowns Cheatham .sell o:day busi
ness house on College street'.and,Jols in
Hyiies' addition.
"V Concert in Prospective.
The Trile of Red Men in North Edce
tield propose piving a concert at McClure's
Hall Inest week.
Kdseflold Street Railroad.
The iron and timbers of the Edgefield
Street Railroad has been delivered, and
work will be commenced on Monday
next.
Georffe Francis Train Coming.
TUa "..mm. fZanrtrei Vmtleia Twit. I.
IIIU UUlUtu uuv.m. ...in 11,1
secured the Masonic Hall for the 17th and
lBtlirofithe present, month. He proxses
no' doubt to speak a parcel'to our people.
Commissioned.
'Tcslcrday Gov. Bbwn commissioned
Jno. A. Malheny" "magistrate of Jackson
county, and AVm. Stephen magistrate of
McMinn county, and AV. A. Radford Nota
ry Public of Shelby county.
Reading Free to All.
The Librarian of the Nashville Librair
Association requests us to announce that
tlieradingTOom of the. Association will 1h
open during the whole of November, free
to all who desire to avail themselves or tho
privilege.
Mrs.' Elizabeth Reeves died quite sud
denlylyesterday afternoon at her residence,
corner of Ash and Summer streets, from an
attack of apoplexy. She'-wasr ah old resi-.
dent pf the city, and well known in South
"ashville, where she has resided for a long
pencil. -T:t.
ORieHdiaB Gnmbollcrs.
Two DIP1 Vere Yesterday arrested on ac-
stration of his knowledge in the business.
"The charges against them have not yet been
disposed of.
r
Passenger Train Detained.
Tlic passenger train, of the. Louisville and
Nashville Railroad, due here at 4:30 yester
day afternoon, did not arrive until night, in
consequence of an engine beinRpffthe track
at the Elizabetlitowiiaud Paducah crossing.
At this writing we have not learned the
causa of tho accident, or other results than
thai involved hi the detention of.traiusr
Stolen.
M I J. Braden had the ill luck to have
his saddle stolen froni-his horse, which ho
had liitched in front of a friend's house on
Summer street, near Capitol Avenue, night
before last. He went in to see a friend,
rem. lined a few iniuutes,and when he came
out jfound his saddle gone.
The. Ball iJist N'leht.
T&e .ball 'at 'ColicoruiaHalf llasttiiirht?
j given bthe Alemania Club "for the benefit
of Cleveland (Ohio) Orphan Asylum, was
I not largely attended. The Concordia Club
I generously tendered their hall free of charge
'for the ball, which for a charitable object
should have been better supported.
Personal:
AVe had the pleasure of a visit yesterday
from Gen. Dabney II. Maury, of Virginia.
His host of friends in this' section will ex
tend him a cordial welcome.
Among the visitors to our sanctum yes
terday was Prof. AV. A. Smith of the Co
lumbia Atheuaium, one of the best female
academies in the State.
II rt, Ityninn A Barney's minstrels.
"Iliis famous troupe of Minstrels open at
Masonic Hall to-night, and continue for
throe nights. In speaking of this company
in Atlanta, the Constitution of tliat place
remarks: "The performers were encored
throughout the icrfonuance, and greeted
with side-splitting laughter and repeated
applause. It is a first class Minstrel troupe,
anil gave a fine performance."
Nashville Opera House.
The grand spectacular play of the Black
Crook, with all its attractions, closed last
night, and the manager announces lo-nicht
the representation of the thrilling drama of
the 'trench "spy," and the engagement for
thnie nights only of Miss Katie Estell, who
will appear m her inimitable rendition of
this; cliaratter. AVe hear tliat this greatest
of all modern dramas will be brought out
in splendor, and a rich treat is therefore in
store for our amusement-loving public.
Death of Harry Bang:.
Ai e deeply regret to hear of the death of
Harry Bang, son of our worthy friend AV.
F. Bang, Esq., which distressing event
tra nspired yesterday morning at liis father's
residence in this vicinity. The deceased
was an intelligent and promising youth, in
thei l"th year of his age. The family of
Mr. Bang, lately so sadly afflicted by the
hand of death, have the sympathies of the
entire community in this truly di&tressing
betvavemeut.
Courthouse Stairs Complcfod.
The carpenters' work on the new flight of
stairs at the Courthouse was yesterday com
pleted, and the touches of the painter's
brush are only necessary to finish this
no w means of ascending to and descending
from the upper counts. The work is neat
ly and substantially done, making a struc
ture creditable to the arclutect, Mr. John L.
Smith, and the contractors, Messrs. Haynie
Chilton. Its cost to the county is about
51 177.
A .Specimen of Winter.
i'esterday passed very readily for a No
vember day, leing cloudy, dreary and cold.
Ail elderly friend, who has for a long tirae
made careful notes and observations of
pa-ssing events, gives us the gratifying assu
rance tliat there is no occasion for alarm,
tlx;re lwiug nothing in the day or its appear
ance to indicate an unusually severe winter.
Hi! further informs us that in this latitude
thure is always more or less weather about
this time of j'ear. AVe mention the circum
stances for the benefit of those who may
have been rendered somewhat uneasy by
the sudden and unusual change iu the ap
lejirance of the elements and condition of
the atmosphere.
Ktolcn Goods Recovered.
Yesterday evening a lady in Edgefield no
ticed a suspicious looking negro boy loung
ing near her residence, and sent for a po
liceman to arrest him. Finding that he was
in daiiger of lteing caught, the boy left the
place in a hurry, and crossing to this side of
the river, became alarmed at the near ap
proach of an officer, and threw away a
sack filled with stolen articles, in order to
accelerate his speed. The sack was taken
to the station house, and found to contain
a considerable quantity of baby clothes, a
new jeans coat, pieces of carpet, etc The
owner can regain the property by calling
and identifying the same.
A Law Court Rmupns.
Two attorneys, engaged on opposite sides
iu the AA'alker and corporation law suit, the
trial of which has just been terminated in
the Law Court, were, in the closing seme,
unfortunate enough to lecome involved in
a personal difficulty growing out of a ques
tion of veracity, which was about to result
in very hostile demonstrations, when one of
the belligerents was restrained by Constable
Moss, and the other firmly heM back by Tom
Sanders, Esq. For a time it seemed as if
chairs, inkstands, etc., were preparing to
move around as if the spirit of DeCastro
were present issuing orders to that ellect.
The excited gentlemen, who had for the
moment forgotten their duties ami obliga
tions, wen' admonished by Judge Guild to
bjliave better in future, and a fine of S'X)
assessed upon each to prevent him growing
unmindful of the udvice given.
Another Costly Buildiiiir.
The east side of the Public Square is ad
vancing rapidly in tlie scale of reconstruc
tion. Ensley's magnificent block on the
old City notel site will not only be an
ornament to that, locality, but to the city at
large, and we question if a finer or more
substantial block of buildings can be found
in the Soutli. AVitliin the last few days the
irrl,ttfwtc rirhA,i X' W!Jli?l?ncmi lni-A cult-
of dmice-!-oneJ foVjkeejiliJga.ffimbllng
hom4, and' the other for practical demon
milted a plan for another building adjoiningT,"
the Enslev Block, and on the site now oe- f ii,
cupiednyB. H. Cooke Co., which is also
to be solid stone ,1'rout, and in point of
architectural beauty piomises to eclipse the
former. The plans liave h?en adopted by
Daniel F. Carter, the owner of the pro
perty, and early next spring the present
lwtise will be torn down and Uw elegant
structure referred to take its place.
Racing: at Ilacon.
The big trot at Macon on Monday last
reslted in a victory for Morrissey, beating
Tennessee, Rattler and Surprise. In this
race Tennessee was a stout favorite, and in
the pools brought $50 to $35 on Rattler,
$20 on Morrissey and S15 on Surprise. The
race was for a purse of $1,000, best three in
five, tho result being as follows:
T. P. Iioach enters ch g Morrissey ..2 111
A. B. Holman enters erg Rattler. .1 2 3
AV. H. Bovce enters cc Surprise 55 'J 2l
o. lonles enters br m Tennessee...4 4 4
Time. 2:;5:, 2:32;, 2:34, 2.-3.1J.
In the running race on the same day,
dash f a mile, there were four entries as
follows
Bacon Jt Holland enter b. h. Frank
Hampton, 4 years, by imp. Aysgaeth, cTa'm
by Charlie Ball.
"V. B. Holman enters ch. c. Graham Mc
Nairy.dyears, by Jack Malonc,dam Vel
vet, by AA'agner.
J. T. Jewell enters ch. r. Bell Buckle, 2
years, by' Brown Dick, dam by Bulletin.
Thos. Dixon enters ch. g. Bob Sbellou,
Years, by, Australian; .daun Lavender, hv
1 1 tiirv
The raw was' won by Frank Hampton,
Time I.47. 1
VK ETjCATieXAl. ISTEKrSTS.
Meeting or the Sixth Annual Session
or The Tennessee State Teachers' As-;
sedation.
The Association convened in the Supreme
Court room at the capitol at 10 o'cloclcyes
,'tSrday morning. Hon. Neill S. Brown was
in the chair and called on Rev. F. A. Mason
to lead in prayer, after which, Gov. John C.
JJrown, by request, made a few remarks
yelcoming the friends of education to the
consideration of the Important interests of
education, and expressed Tils regrets'that
the State was financially able to do so littlo
for the cause.
The Chairman called tlie Vice President
to the chair and addressed the Association
upon the first subject in the programme.
He regarded the question as one of great
practical importance and State question. It
is obvious we can only liave the present
system, whether it is the best or not. The
question is, Does tho system need a Super
intendent? Every one who has had any
connection with tin; present question am
system has felt the need of such a head
f The fact is, we must have a medium of
communication between counties, and not
seeK to aid any political party, out to inter
est tlie people In the work of education, im
part such knowledge of the school law, give
unity to its execution and interest of the
public officers in executing the public law.
The Superintendent should be a man who
could so present the Interests of edu
cation as to wake up the people to
demand such action on the part of our law
makers, and such legislation as will secure
totfie people schools in each county of the
state, at least three mouths m tho year,
He would be the means of communicating
such information as would present the work
accomplished In this direction. AVe want
to know what is being done in the State,
The people want to know what is done in
other counties. He must collect statistics
as to give the facts to other States, as to
what is being doue in Tennessee in an edu
cational character, for the whole people are
interested in the prosperity of the school
system, and to succeed it must have a head
Every department of the government must
have its head, and the importance of this
officer to the success of tins school system
cinnot be overestimated.
Dr. S. II. Stout, of Giles county, made a
few remarks, saying tliat the remarks of the
preceding gentlemen met his hearty indorse
ment. Every department of the Govern
ment should have a head. Education is a
specialty, and to render its svstem success
ful there must be missionaries to labor in
educating the public sentiment up to a high
er standard. 1 here is danger ol going too
fast for public sentiment. It is unfortunate
for Tennessee that this has been done in
the State. The Superintendent must not
be a mere teacher, lest he go too fast for
public opinion. lie must be a thorough
friend of common schools not poor schools
or schools for the poor merely, but schools
of a high character for all the people. The
rich counties of Davidson and Montgomery
have good common schools but what of
the poorer counties, where there are no
schools. All the friends of education in the
State are inquiring for facts, and desire
light upon the subject. The Superintendent
will give the light and direct action to or
ganization of schools. e must liave tins
Superintendent to succeed, for he is the
only means by which we can infuse a spirit
of enthusiasm in this cause in the State.
AVe must infuse a spirit of earnestness in
the officers of the counties that will impart
the benefits of the common school in nearly
every county and district In the btate. This
system demauds a Superintendent who will
be a missionary that will work and impart
information, and with the statesman and
schoolmaster characteristics which he
should possess, the Superintendent can se
cure the co-operation of scores of men and
woenen in every county iu the State. This
information must be given to the different
counties so tliat no class shall be educated
in any county that are not educated in every
county. The colored people in some coun
ties have schools, while the poor whites In
m:my counties are almost without them.
3Ir. Elliott cf Davidson county made a
short address; comparingthe system of State
Schools in New York and Tennessee, he
said the laws of tlie two States are nearly
the. same in this respect, but the success of
tlie school systems in the two fatates are
widely different here every tiling is at a
standstill there all is life and activity and
success; and we account for tliis difference
mainly upon the ground, that, in New York
there has been such asystemof StateSuper
visaon as lias made the system of common
schools in that State a grand success and
an everlasting blessing. He was in favor of
making Tennessee equal in its school ad-
CVSntages to any State in the Union as she
already equalled and surpassed others in
nal ural resources aud in the generous and
chivalrous character of her people.
The subject was continued by others,
among them Judge R. AV. Humphreys,
who read a most able and interesting ad
dress which the association requested to be
puhlished.
KEPOKTS OF COHMITTEKM.
The report of the Executive Committee
was then read as follows:
Tlie committee acting simply as a volun
tary association has met frequently during
the year for such action as they would take
for promoting the interest of popular edu
cation. By co-operating with the Hon.
Mr. Morrow, late State Superintendent, and
thf Commissioners of Davidsou county,
12,000 copies of the school law, the rules
anil regulations of Davidson county schools,
to-ether with the proceedings of the last
sewion of this association have been pub
lished and extensively circulated through
out the State. The object hoped to be ac
complished by their publication was to call
attention to the school system
of the State, impart informa
tion as to how to organize and regu
late schools and to lead to such action
a-t would secure ultimately the organization
of schools in all the counties in the State.
In arranging the programme for the present
lueeting the Committee have presented only"
those topics for discussion which they
thought the present school system iu tlie
State demanded, and are submitted with
the hope tliat the discussion and conclusion
reached may tend to foster the spirit fa
vorable to the education of the masses
without which a Democratic Government
can only exist iu name. There is consider
able difficulty in collecting facts about the
progress of schools for want of a system of
State supervision. The following is a list of
the counties that as far as we can learn has
acted under the present school law in es
tablishing schools: Bledsoe, Bradley, Can
non, Davidson, Greene, Grundy, Haywood,
Hickman, Houston, Jefferson, Knox, Law
rence, Lincoln, McNairy, Marion, Meigs,
Montgomery, Polk, Roane, Rutherford,
Shelby, Union, AVilliamson and AVilson, in
all twenty-three.
The committee are unanimous in their
opinion tliat the interests of popular educa
tion in Tennessee demand the entire atten
tion of an efficient State Superintendent of
Common Schools aud such a supervision to
niako it successful in the highest degree.
Tlie constitution was also read as a part
of the committee's report. On motion of
II. S. Bennett, a committee of five was ap
pointed to embody the action of the associa-
in a reiKirt to the Legislature suggest
ing such amendment in the present school
.System as will in the opinion of this associ
ation tend to increase its efficiency.
On motion all resolutions coining before
th association were referred to this com
taittee, which was1nstructedto report before
the close of this session of the association.
On motion Supeintendent S. Y. Caldwell
was requested to enroll the memliers pres
ent and give an opportunity for any present
to become members. The following gen
tlemen were appointed a committee to
memorialize tlie Legislature, Dr. B. AV.
McDonald, Psesident of Cumberland Uni
versity, Judge R. AV. Humphreys of Clarks
ville, A. C. Cartwright of Davidson county,
Hon. Win. Bosson of Ruthei ford county,
and Sam'l. AA'atson, Esq., of Nashville.
Mr. Bosson offered the following resolution
which was adopted and referred to a special
committee of three.
Resolved, that as the constitution of the
tate recognizes a "School Fund"'
and otherwise distinguishes its char
acter and resources, that the Memo
rial Committe be requested to
collate the items that go to form the School
Fund, as determined oil the 1st day of Jan
uary, 1S50, in tho adjustment of the capital
stock of the Bank of Tennessee, and all
other items which by the constitution and
laws properly belong to the "School Fund,"
tliatthe several amounts may be aggregated
with a View to secure, hereafter, the full
recognition of the fund and the ih'stribntion
of its interest to school purposes.
Afternoon Session,
The Chairman called the meeting to order
at 3 o'clock, and the CorresnondimriSecre-
tary, Dr. J. B. Lindsley, read lottos from
Dr.- B. Sears and Hon. John F. House giv
ing rdasons and expressing regrets .at .not,
being able to be present.
Hon. J. Whitworth expressed his willing
ness to give way to any gentleman who
wished to continngttlieliicussion of the
State Superintendent Rev. C. D. Elliott
made a statement in reference to the num
ber of counties that have organized under
the present school law, stating that few had
already levied the tax, although many were
moving in the matter. Hon. J. AVhitworth
then opened the discussion upon the sub
ject of "When the county refuses to levy a
school Ux, or tlie people vote against it In
any county, is it advisable for tho civil or
school districts to secure corporate powers
for the purpose of levying a school tax?"
The address was one Of much information,
and opposed the State system aud an
attempt at coercing counties to support
public schools.
Prof. H. Presnell of Jonesborough spoke
in regard to the same subject and' was in
favor of maintaining the county system, and
d Lalso thought it would take a long winie to
jjf perfect the common schools in the various
counties, lie tnougnt u mere conm ue a
connecting link between the the county and
State system so as to render it effective tliat
was all the friends of education could ask
for at least for the present this link will
give power and Influence aud is. the great
desideratum in the perfection of the sciool
system. He recognized tho Cict of Tennes
see being behind haudand attributed it to the
waut of labor and interest of the people in
tlie cause of public education. He thought
there should be some plan devised for the
future commensurate with the advance and
progress of tlie age.
Dr. Stout also made some remarks upon
the subject of comparing the laws their
nature, operation and success of other
States with those of Tennessee. He thought
the ieop!e wanted only sufficient mpnev in
the treasury to infuse the spirit of education
among the people of the counties so as to
Inaugurate district and county schools,
stimulating the counties to levy a tax. He
thought the county the smallest unit of
control in the Suthern States, except in
towns of over 5,000 inhabitants. He 0
posed the State system, because experience
had shown they were wrong; yet he was
in favor of State control. He favored the
levying of ,ouly a sufficient amount, as
levied by the State system, as would infuse
a spirit of public education in the people.
He did not favor the centralization of State
power in regard to public schools.
Dr. Elliott said ho indorsed the present
system as a wrong step in the right direc
tion, and he wauted to make the suggestion
of ascertaining from legal advisers how far
the functions of tlie School Commissioners
went, and would make a motion to the
effect of having a committee appointed to
ascertain the powers of the School Com
missioners, because the subject would be
treated iu this respect by the Legislature.
The subject of the power being delegated
to levy a tax to Commissioners, received
attention, and the Association was shown a
decision of the Supreme Court touching
tlie same.
On motion of Capt. Donelson, Superin
tendent of Davidson county schools, the
Legislature was invited to attend the meet
ing. Capt. Donelson, J. O. Griffith and
Dr. Stout were appointed a committee to
inform them of the same.
Prof. Caldwell, Superintendent of the city
schools invited the members of the associa
tion to visit the city schools.
Prof. AV. A. Smith, Prof. H. Presnell and
Dr. Shelby were appointed a committee to
secure, officers for the next twelve months.
There being no further business tlie meet
ing adjourned until "i o'clock, v. m.
Night Session.
The Association was called to order at
"30 P. sr., President Neill S. Brown in the
chair, who stated that the matter in hand
presented a very wide field and some argu
ment was expected. No subject perliaps
could elicit more interest or consideration
than "The relation of common schools to
the prosperity of the State." The chair
also invited the members of the Legislature
present to participate in the discussion of
the question which addressed itself to them
as well as to the association. Prof. II.
Nicholson, of Knoxville. and Gen. AVm. B.
Bate, the regular appointees, being absent,
the chairman by way ef opening the meet
ing made a short address, the synof.sis of
which is
The difficulty of the human mind tutored
in the subject of common schools scarcely
knows where its interest ceases. The ques
tion of how can immigration be induced'to
come to Tennessee? AVhile the State of
Tennessee may be a fine country, it is not
inviting to immigration without common
schools, the well regulated system of which
in the Northwestern and AA'estern States is
one of the reasons that those States control
the tide of immigration to their limits.
The question is obvious to the humble
even, who see educated nieu filling positions
of every kind hence we are unfortunate
iu being denied the benefits of common
schools. It would induce immigration and
bring labor, which is capital, so as
to develop our resources and In
crease our prosperity, which is dependent
upon moral and intellectual education. By
education crime would be diminished, and
tiie more intelligence the more virtue, the
more enterprise. For, cidtivate the mind
and you will impress it with moral aspira
tions and induce a research into the better
lessons of morality, ne did not speak so
much for his own generation but to pre
pare the way for the future generations to
advance more smootldy and easily than the
present and past. AA'e "have not enjoyed the
blessings of a common school system. Phut
a good common school system in the State
and in ten years the benefits will be incal
ei liable. Every one is as much bound to
contribute in the maintenance of public
schools as for tliat of the peni
tentiary and the courts. Many receive no
education for want of means shall Tennes
see suffer her children to waut education
when the whole world is being educated?
Virginia, Alabama, South Carolina and tlie
Northern States have a system by whicli
every child can he educated. Intellect is
talismanic power the glory and free rights
of a great State. Muscle is not all it is
only the material as are our iron,
streams, soil and manufactures.
which 1
require intellect to properly direct
them. No subject can be of more j
interest to tlie people. Here the
speaker met the various objections urged
against common schools, and showed how
necessary education was, not only for the
orator, statesman aim um jer, uiu uisu iui
the good larmcr, practical mechanic ana
even workmen of every class. He had
always favored common schools which
could be sustained witlwut any burthen,
and if he liad to make speeches before
the Legislature he would urge the public j Bcpartment of tLe Univer
schools in eveo-speech, lor the educat on 9, f Xashvle ,Vas Slivered last night
of the morals and mind give a capital that
can never be lost. A State without com
mon schools was without one of the ele
ments of prosperity. That machinery
which opens the eye of the mind, elevates
the moral character and gives an impetus
to.ia.eKA in the licst possible manner, every
roads, or any oiner kiuu oi internal im
provements. Education and common
schools have no politics and should have
none. He had heard that this was a politi
cal organization. He had never seen auy
tliing of the kind it is to encourage com
mon schools.
Prof. Eaton of Murfreesboro was called
ou and made some very interesting and
practical remarks upon the benefits of common-school
education. Ignorance was the
greatest of misfortunes to the State, and he
favored the compulsory system of education
as a necessary condition of voting. AVe
should compell a certain degree oi cuuca-
Hon on the part of se t-deiense. An argu-
ment as to the advantages of an education
would be an insult to the audience. Dollars
and cents are the lowest phase in which
education can be viewed. If mankind is
to be educated for the purpose of -dollars
and cents, he would believe in the Darwin
ian theory that man after all is an ape. AVe
have only an idea to an immediate advance.
If a man has an education he has a capi
tal which, as has already been suggested,
cm never be taken away by any Chicago
tire and, what is some consolation in'these
divs. can'neverbe taxed.
Dr. Stout, of Giles, said he thought the i
subject almost in a nutshell, and referred to
the.individual.and mutual relations existing
in communities. He was opposed to com- I
pulsory education in this country, which I
woidd not be a desired education. Every j
parent should bo taught everywhere lus
duty to educate his children. The
advocates of thi system were often in error.
The parent must be convinced tliafSitJsihls
dntvto educate his child anflthenUie ques-
Hon as to how the system is to lcn
ducted is to be consideredJJffiESperience
shows that a well and unitodreffort.pn"th"e
part of the people is the cheapeM and best
method of educating the community in
which- theif Jebrti should be aided by; the
Stale. Cohtmdn schools" are the most eco
nomical system of education. We want to
encWirdge immigration which cannot be in
duced to locate'iu (Tennessee "unless we af
ford tltem the benefits of educational ad-
vantages through the systems, pf .public
schools "1
Rev. H. S. Bennett.made some practical
arid, well conceived remarks." Among
other. !things. 1m referred to iinmi
gratioiij and said if we secure an im
migration from any source we
must offersomemethodof education. With
out tht? facilities immigration cannot be ob
taineih The law shoidd be, amended so as
to secure a Superintendent and the Stato
should give o much in proportion to the
amount of taxes raised in each county this
would render tho system effective immedi
ately and wc cannot affonl to wait ten or
more years to perfect the present system.
AVe want a law to operate now, which will
set ice scuooi in operation immediately,
Prof. Pressnell said tliat he favored' that
system of publiaeducation by which to se
cure a system of educated labor, lie
showed what a difference existed between
Ohio and Georgia in the respective wealth
of the two States, ascribing the same to the
fact that Georgia turned herattentiontocot
ton planting and making money, while Ohio
csiaDiisiieu common schools anil educated
her people. We must study the history of
our country anu uraw parallels between tlie to partake ol Ids hospitality. The Invi
States so as to di&em thfe advantages and tation was accepted, and, according to the
differences of;prosperity, which are founded I statement of the wounded man, before the
upon and 111 proportion to the iower and 1 two liad broken bread together the basket
efficiency of its common school systems, j maker, as if suddenly seized with the im
Tenuessee is the only State in the Union pulse to do some desperate deed, hastily
destitute of public schools, and he was un- rose from his seat and closed and fattened
willing, as one of her citizens, to see her so j the doors of the room, and then seizing a
far behind in this matter. He would like (knife, attempted upon the person of tho
the neglect of the school buildings known astonished guest an exhibition of his skill in
as field schools to be brought before the t the carviiur lin-'. Beinc the stronger man
consideration of the Association. A better
ttyle of architecture would somewli.it cul
tivate tlie taste of the student.
Col. Tillman being called' upon, said he
did not come here to make a speech but to
hear the suggestions and learn what plans
had been devised to improve tlie present
school system, the existence of which
seemed to be ignored by some of the associ
ation, and if a plan had been devised by
wliich to improve it he would like to hear it.
as woidd the Legislature which he believed
would co-operate m the piau, provided it
woidd not add a burthen to the people.
He believed in labor being dignified by
education, whicli diminishes the necessity
for lawyers. He thought there were three
parties in tlie Legislature, one party believed
in the Democratic plan of leaving the right
of levying tlie school tax to the counties,
another believed in levying the tax for the
counties, while the third party believed in
the State controlling the system and levying
the tax. The success, he thought, of the
common school system was in proportion
to the population. This is illustrated in the
counties of Davidson and Shelby. A large
school can be conducted for the same
amount of money as a small school, for the
teacher's salary is the same in small as in
large schools. He favored immigra
tion, but did not think that it
was so much influenced by public
school systems as by other induce
ments. The great tlrawback to our interest
as a State is tlie great indolence of its capi
tal. AVe agree as to the importance of edu
cation now if the' system we have is de
fective, let those who make the subject their
study prepare and devise a better and more
efficient method or plan. He favored a
Superintendent, who he believed could in
duce counties to levy tlie tax. The Legis
lature would make it incumbent on the
County Court to levy tlie tax by submit
ting it to the vote of the people of the
county. He did not think the people of the
State were in a condition to adopt the State
system, and thought the levying of taxes
should be left to the counties who best
understand their resources.
Prof. James Baldwin, of the Howard
School commended the remarks of Mr.
Tillman, iu saying the Legislature would
compel the County Courts in case of not
having levied the tax,to submit the question
of its levy to the people. The Professor
also made other instructive remarks pertin
ent to the subject under consideration. He
thought there was no necessity for compul
sion, but tliat the question when submitted
to the jieople would he adopted.
Dr. C. 1). Elliett made some rather poig
nant remarks in regard to the theory of
population and wealth lieing one of the
conditions of tlie successful operation of
public schools. He was unwilling to stand
upon any proposition than that on the first
day of January, 1801, it was a better edu
cated State than Ohio. It is not x plus y
j and intellectual education that makes the
good citizen. Mere knowledge gives you
a iower to hide and comieal' away your
vices. He was anxious for Tennessee to
share the fate of Ohio, and the Bible
and the teaching of the word of God to be
taken away from the school. Hence he
was in favor of the Massachusetts system
by which the parent choose the teacher and
books to be used.
Mr. Geo. AV. Bowers occupied the atten
tion of the meeting for a few minutes, dis
carding
the idea of politics being in the j Wool Blankets very cheap at the Trade Pal
ion, and suggesting other important I ace, 14 Public Square.
association,
and interesting thoughts.
The association adjourned to meet to-day
at 10 o'clock, the following being the pro
gramme
TUVIISIIAY, 10 O'CLOCK, A. M.
12. Praver hv Rev. D. Rutledge.
13. Normal schools and their relation to
an efficient system of common schools.
To be opened by President B. AA McDon
ald, of the Cumberland University, and
Chancellor E. Kirby Smith, of the Nash
ville University.
14. Discussion continued in ten-minute
speeches.
15. Miscellaneous business.
10. 12 J o'clock adjournment.
AFTER-NOOK 3 O'CLOCK.
17. The necessity of the professional
teacher. To be opened by Prof. A. L.
Mims, Edgefield, and Prof. J. Baldwin,
Nashville.
18. Discussion to be continued in ten
minute speeches.
19. 45 o'clock reports of committees,
election of officers and miscellaneous busi-
nss.
u. 4 o ciock adjournment.
evexi-yo 7:30 o'clock.
Addresses by Gov. John C. Brown and
Alee President B. AV. McDonald.
The meetings liave thus far been well at
tended, many of the lady teachers having
been present. Tlie public are invited to at
tend the exercises to-day.
Introductory Address to the Medical
Class.
The Introductory address to the students
at tlie Christian Church by Prof. Van S.
Lindsley, M. D., of the Faculty. In addi
tion to the students, who were present in
force, a large number of ladies and gentle
men were in attendance, and listened at-
word being distinctly heard in ail parts of
the house. I he speaker commenced with
I the early days of medicine, reviewed the
1 progress of the science, aud elaborately
I discoursed upon the revolution in the med
I ical world, and the onward steps of the
present time. A considerable portion of
I his remarks was devoted to the grand dis
I coveries of chemistry,concluding with weil
i timed and appropriate reference to tlie
I duties of the student in his desire to master
the healing art. who shoidd constantly bear
i in mind that his mission was to cure dis
ease, alleviate suffering and pro-
lniiL life. The address of Dr.
T iU; lentIlv. and
howell"a thorough knowledge of his sub-
ject. Tho marked attention which he re
ceived tlu-oughout its delivery testified to
the interest manifested by the audience in
an -address so replete with scientific re
search. The address will likely be published
in pamrhlet form at the request of the stu
dents, who will be profited by the sugges-, xhc Finest Black Silk in Nashville, with
tions it contains and the able and interest- ont exception, received to-day by G. Rice
ing review of medical and chemical sci- Co oc'il 2t tu&thu
CHOC. HI IUC LUUUU3IU1I U .m- v-Ji-lw,
Dr. Fall pronounced a benediction, and the
audience was dismissed.
Mechanics and Manufacturers? Asso.
elnlinn.
There was a regular meeting of the As-
held List niuht. when the mem- I
bers generally discussed the questions of
ceneral Interest to the association under 1
nrpviinis consideration,
,1 -ii, --I i
Toe ommiueu on --iiicinuwiu asucu iui j
additional time to report, hoping to be able j
to present their views at the next meeting J
on W ednesday evening next, at, mai
a full attendance Is expected for the trans
action of business beneficial to the objects
of the Association.
ACT OF "FEXGEANCE.
A Basket Maker id a New Steles-He ef
rorsaa. Enemy Hospitality and then
Shoots and Badly TVoiimls Illm.
John Bruners vocation is that of a basket-maker,
and his residence and. place of
business is on Church street, between Vine
and Spruce. He b, so for as
our knowledge
of him extends, a good citiztTn attd an hon
est man, usually devoted to the, victories of
peace, and always happiest while paying his
quiet vocation of making and vending bas
kets. Until yesterday evening wa had heard
of 110 circumstance hi -connection
with John Bruuer's unwritten bi
graphy or previous condition that
would lead to the inference tliat he was not
a clever man and a peaceable citizen. Tlie
circumstance to which we refer was unfor
tunate for Mr. Bruner, because in conse
quence thereof he is now confined to the
narrow limits of a prison ceil; and also very
tuiionunatc lor u rank. T. Baltishwiter, the
painter, for the reason that the latter is,
i owing to the same circumstance, suffering
from a painful pistol ball wound in tlie
thigh, inflicted br the former. The details
of tliis unfortunate affair, as we understand
them, are about as follows: Baltishwiter
as ioiiows; xtauisuwuer
and Bruner were acquaintances, and late
vesieruav even ng the former vis ted the lat-
ter at ins residence on Church street, Mr.
Bruner was at the tirae about sitting down
to supper, and cordially invited Baltishwiter
of the two, and realizing the importance of
prompt and decisive action, the alarmed
painter disarmed the infuriated basket
maker, and threw the glistening steel out
of the window, and attempted to 1
throw himself out of the front door.
Iu this latter act, however, he was suddeidy
stopped, for Bruner, seizing a pistol, fired
ami wounded Baltishwither as above stated.
Policeman Reed, summoned by the noise
and commotion in the street, arrested the
t parties
He had the wounded man con
veyed to a physician's office, and took
Bruner to the police station, from which
place he was conveyed to the workhouse,
it not beiug deemed proper to release Mm
on bail until sometliing more could be
learned of the occurrence and the condi
tion of the wounded man. The circum
stance, as at present understood, looks very
mucli like attempted assassination, it being
known that Bruner had reason to suspect
Baltishwither with having sometime since
unduly interested himself in an attempted
suit for divorce, of more importance to
Bruner tlian to the man he shot. The af
fair will probably to-day undergo some
form of legal investigation.
THE COL-UTS.
Ciumival Couirr. Ann Liptin, negro,
indicted for larceny, was tried and acquitted.
James Hooker,ncgro,cliarged with robbery,
was tried, but the verdict of the jury i3 not
not rendered
Law Coukt M. M. Brieu, Jr., on the
side of the prosecution, yesterday made the
concluding argument in the suit of Walker
vs. the corporation of Nashville. Conside
rable public interest had been elicited in the
progress of this trial and the speeches of
the counsel were listened to by crowds of
interested spectators. The effort of Jlr.
Brien on this cccasiou was eloquent and
eamest,showing close attention to the facts,
and a clear knowledge of the law bearing
upon the claims of his client. The case
was given to the jury, but no judgment had
1 been given at the time of adjournment.
Ten cases will be called to-day, commenc-
j ing with 131 on tlie docket.
Fedekal Court Judge Trigg presid
ing. United States V3. James W. Irvin;
suit for balance due plaintiffs as late post-
master. Jury empannelled and respited
I till to-day at 9 o'clock.
The peremptory call of the Criminal
1 Docket will be continued and every case
I will be disposed of as reached.
Entertainment at Goodlcttsville.
On to-morrow (Friday) evening, there is
to be a concert and tableaux at Goodletts
ville, for the benefit of the Cumberland
Presbyterian Church at that place. A num
ber ofoar best amateurs will take part in the
concert, and Green Morrow has been en
gaged to superintend the tableaux. A very
delightful entertainment hi promised, and
wchave no doubt the audience will be largo
and brilliant.
City Notices.
Furs Furs Furs I Great bargains in
Furs at the Trade Palace, 14 Public Square.
nov2 tf Jou.v Giloajt Co.
Blankets' "Blanket! THnnfcpfe? Fin
nov2 tf
Joux Gilo ax Co.
Cheap Reading-. Only five dollars for
one year's subscription to Singleton's Cir
culating Library, 33 Cherry street. nov2 lw
New Goods. The 50-Cent Store, No. ft
Union street, lias a full supply of new goods
of all kinds, and invites the ladies especiallv
to examine the stock. AH kinds of Toys,
Fancy (Joods, Notions and Dry Goods just
received. nov2 3t
Books by all the popular authors are to
be found in Singleton's Circulating Library,
23 Cherry street. nov2 lw
One hundred dozen Kid Gloves of all col
ors, sizes, best quality, at the 50-Cent Store,
No. i) Union street. nov2 St
.100 New Books just received and added
to Singleton's Circulating Library, 33 Cher
ry street. nov2 lw
Toys for the millions your choico for 25
and 50 cents at the 50-Cent Store, No. 9
Union street. nov2 3t
Ileal Estate Distribution of Memphis.
Drawing ninth of November, inst. This
time required to perfect arrangements. Ap
plication for shares will be made to agents
up to Nov. 6, after which all orders will be
filled at home office, No. 44 Adams street,
Mempliis, up to the evening of the Sth.
Passmoke Jt Ruffin,
uov2 lw Managers.
If you have not been at the 50-Cent
Store lately we would advise you to go there
and look at the new goods coming in daily
at No. 9 Union street. nov2 3t
Splendid quality all-wool Sateens atC5
cents per yard, worth elsewhere 85c.
Splendid all-wool Sateen at 75 cents,
worth elsewhere $1.15.
Splendid quality all-wool Diagonal Plaid
atj75 cents, cheap for one dollar.
oct31 2t tu&thu G. Rice Co.
Just Received. 000 bushel fine North
ern Russet Potatoes, for sale cheap by the
bushel or bbl. Also, 50 bbls. fine Onions,
50 bbls. fine Northern Apples.
Joirx O'Mallev,
oc27 tf
Nos. 178 and 189 Church st.
Wliiteomb's
cure.
Asthma Remedy a sure
ap7 lawly tlinrs
Sateens Sateens Sateens Sateens
at 50 cents, worth 75c.
oc'il 2t tn&thn G. Rice Co.
Marriage Guide. Interesting work,
numerous engravings, 224 pages. Price 50
cents. Address Dr. Butts' Dispensary, 12
North Eighth street, St. Louis, Mo. See
advertisement. sep!4 d&wly
The Place to Buy Boots and Shoes.
The Eagle Shoe Store, 74 N. College st.
oc26 thur,sun&tu John iiolaiian.

rnl IT.rnnn Tnfforv S330.I00 in
gold drawn every seventeen days. Prizes
AMI J OX uuiuum "in.; 1 I
cashed and information furnished. Tlie
highest rates paid for doubloons all kinds of
gold and silver, Spanish bank bills, Govern-
ers, No. 10 AVall streO,.New York.
mylo ujcwii
,i U
Snleeus,! Sateens! Sateens l A large
assortment of all-wool .Sateens, in all the
fashionable colors, received by to-day's ex
press at-G. Rice Co's. oc31 2t tu&thu
1
Jov S$rt 'a Wiurftia-Oae of tie
most choice, residences ,in Edgefieldeisw
vehlently located to churches and sdsoofe
and directly on, tbiilihe' of the Street' Raff-'
road. Alio, several efaoteo residence' lotsv
Arrlngton, Farrar- Weakley, Ndi S2 "N.
College street. oc31 4t
Econoffltaehy buying your Boots and
Shoes at the .Eagle anoe Dtore, ti n. col
lege st. thmvsunJUn
Boots and Shoes. Ladies' and Gentle
men's fine custom-made Boots, Shoes and
Gaiters, superior quality, Just received and
for sale at low prfos, at No. 47 North Col
lege street, next Joorttf Union, east side.
tf Cha3. B. Haix.
The handsomest, best, cheapest and
finest Black Velour, entirely new style, re
ceived by to-day's express.
Oc3i 2t tu&thu G. Kick Co,
Fine Shoes. Gentlemen's Custom-made
Boots and Congress Gaiters, elegant in style,
durable and cheap, at
John Ramaoe Sons;
ocC tf 48 College street.'
Trunks Ladies' Sole Leather and. Sant
n cia
toga m ,L.
XV. rrr Z oT
John Ramaoe Sss,

ocCtf
48 College street.
Infants; The most irritable and rest
less of these tender little household buds
are charmedas it were into quiet and sweet
repose by using Mrs. AVhitcomb's Syrup.
I oc20'dJtwlw i
Superior and Seasonable Shoes, for
Ladies, Misses and Children, received by
Jony Ramaoe Soxs,
ocO tf -13 College street.
Truuk Factory. All varieties of ladies'
and gentlemen's Traveling Trunks and
merchants' Packing Trunks, at wholesale
and retail, at AVm. Dunstead's, 47 North
Market street. oc25 tr
DIED.
BANG At one o'clock on the morning of the
1st inst. Haey Baso, youngest son of AT. F.
B Ajf O, Esq., at the age of seventeen years.
The friends of the family are Invited to attend
the funeral from the family residence on the
Dickerson pike, this Thursday morning at 10
o'clock
Services by Rev. Mr. Fisher.
Hacks will leave Oroomea at half-past nine
o'clock.
KIA'ES In this city, yesterday evening at 2
o'clock, Mrs. Elizabeth Rivks, In the 64th
year of her age.
The friends and acquaintance of the deceased,
are invited to attend the funeral this evening at
3 o'clock, from the Central Baptist Church.
Divine services by Bev. Jlr. Inman and Bev.
Dr. Stephens.
FUNERAL. N'OTICE.
HOWELL The friends of the late Mrs. Do.
Howell, and of her children, are invited to at
tend her funeral on Thursday, Nov. 2, 1871, at 11
o'clock A. St., at the Frst Baptist Church.
Divine service by Rev. Dr. T. Q. Jone.
"ijTmejioriam.
Whereas, In ha please d the Great Architect
of the Universe, in the Inscrutable dispensations
ofllta Providence, to remove from the circle of
our Brotherhood and from the walks of men, our
tried, true, and beloved Brother, Martct SIax-WELt.-who
departed this life Sept. 10, 1811; and
Wheekab, by his death we have lost as a com
munity and as a Lodge, tho benefit of his ei
jierience; his manly and upright walk; his un
swerving fidelitv to the duties and obligations of
our Order, which made him a moral citizen and
n mosteiemplary Maon; therefore,
Ketolttd, that we do deeply deplore the death
or our friend and Brother as an Irreparable toss to
the community, and, especially, to our Lodge;
that we will cherbh with interest and pleasure
the bright and good example, furnished ns by
his life, as a moral and upright citizen, and a de
voted and conscientiousflnember of our institu
tion. Rttolvtd, That we tender to the family of our
deceased Brother our sincere condolence, and
that the Secretary be Instructed to incorporate
into his minutes these resolutions; that he fur
nish the family a copy; also send a copy to the
Nashville Unios axd Axekicax and the Mc
kenzie Timet, requesting that they be published.
j. tr. uabdxeb, sec-y.
TosntTA Gabdseb,
J. E. Frxexax,
W. P. Caldwell,
F. 31. Gardner,
Committee.
Gaednkh, Weakley county. Term.
i
River News.
We continue to reirt the river stationary at
this point, with 14 inches on llarpeth Shoals.
Weather gloomy and cold-
Our steamboatmen should not forget the meet
ing which takes' place to-day at Harper Ar
thur's ortict.
The Cincinnati Commercial of yesterday says
the following fa a lbt of delegates appointed by
Henry A. Jones, President ofthe Boatman's As
sociation, of Cincinnati, to attend the convention
of steamboatmen to beheld at the Gait House, in
Louisville, on November the 8th, 1871: Thomas
Sherlock. John A. Williamson, John N. Shank,
lames H. Pepper, Richard M. Wade, John
AVoodburn, Sam J. Hale, Jas. S. Wise, K. S.
Semple, David Gibson, Thos. N. Johnson, Lewis
Kates.
AVe clip the following from the St. Louis Re
publican: We have intelligence to the effect that the
steamer Hurou. while 1) ing at the bank at St,
John's Island, three miles above Washington on
the Missouri river, caught fire on Saturday night
last, and burned to the water's edge, and then
sunk. It is supposed that the boat will prove a
totallos. The Huron was a sternwheel towboat.
Ill feet long, 26 ,y feet wide, 4 feet depth or
hold, and when light draws two feet. She has
three boilers 22 feet long and 49 inches diameter,
two cylinders 5X feet stroke and IS inches in di
ameter, water wheel 18 feet in diameter. Her
original cost was $18,000; the underwriters' val
ue, JIarch, 1368, was 812,000. She was owned by
Meirs. Rogers Jt Simms, of this city. She was
valued at $6,000, and insured for about $3,000.
The boat had no cargo on board at the time of
her destruction. The Huron was snagged and
miik on Tuesday evening, Sept. 4, while on the
way to St. Joseph with two barges of stone. She
wa- subsequently raised and proceeded to her
destination, and was on her return when she was
burned as stated.
STATE OF THE WEATHER.
Telegraphic Report from Signal Service Orrpt, U.
S. A., ef Observations at 4 o'clock, P. it.
State or
weather.
Fair
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudr
Cloudy
Falr
Clear
Th'gst'm
iiazy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudv
Cloudy
Clearing
Heavy rn
Hazy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Falr
Falr
Cloudy
Falr
Clear
Fair
Cloudy
Cloudy
AVar Dkpartxext,
Office of- toe Chief Signal Officer.
AVASHtxOTOX, D. C, Nor. 1, 1871.
Probabilities: The area of high barometer In
the Ohio valley will probably siove north
and eastward with brisk northerly winds
to-night for a short time trom Virginia
toNew Tork, followed by partially cloudy
and clear weather on Thursday in the
Middle States and on the lower lakes, and with
southwesterly winds and rising temperature.
On the upper lakes northwesterly winds veering
to the southwest will continue on Lake Ontario
on Thursday, and fresh northwest winds will con
tinue on the New England coast, increasing to a
moderate gale at some distance of port. Low
pressure on the coast of Maine will probably pro
duce a severe storm In Nova Scotia.
MUSICAL.
IIINZEN. E. ROSEN
HINZEN ROSEN,
Piano Forte Manufacturers,
Market St., N. side, bet Sixth and SeTenth,
LOUISVILLE, KV.
TX7TLI. SELL FIKST-CLASS 7 OCTAVE
ed for six years. If satisfaction Is not given they
can be returned at our expense. Send for cata
logue and price list, .pianos sold on monthly In
st&lments. novfi ly
HOGS.
1
HOGS! HOGS!
The undersigned, Proprietors of the
QeWaiie JTOXK. OUSe,

WILL PAY
THE BEST MARKET PRICE
During the entire season for
WELL PATTED HOGS.
We will Park Hog on Commission for those
who desire It on as favorable terms u It can be
done In the West.
HART HENSLEY,
c3ow tdJfcwlm No.72SothHartoeSt.
Place of Obser- g y -l"e
Moo, 2 2 .S'lr-
s ri ti a o
Augusta, Ga.... 29.89 73 W 3
Baltimore,. 29.82 CO N W 16
Boston.. 30.43 CO N W 1C
Buffalo 29.90 45 NW 9
Cairo 30.20 43 X 1
Charleston 29.881 77 S AV 1
Chicago 30.101 42 S W C
Cincinnati. 30.12 52 N W 2
Davenport 30.09 49 S W 12
Galveston. 30.151 49 N 9
Indianapolis 30.111 45 NW 3
Key AVest, Fla.. 29.91: 83 E 3
Leavenworth.... 30. 1C CO S AV 6
Louisville. 30.131 49 NAV 4
Memphis 30.13 50 X E 8
Mobile, Ala. 30.001 61 N AV 11
Nashville 30.18 47 N 3
New Orleans 30.01! 5P N 10
New York 29.66 58 NW 1C
Norfolk. 29.74 66 NAV 3
Omaha 29.87 49 8 W 12
Pittsburg. 30.11 49 NW 12
Portland, Me.... 29.39 61 W 12
Punta Rosa. 29.92 84 S W 7
Savannah. 29.87 81 S W 1
Shreveport 30.13 CO N 4
St. Louis 30.12! 43 S 4
St. Paul 29.86 53 S AV 8
AVilmlngton 29.84 76 S W 17
A'icksburg. 30.141 51 X 7
Jacksonville..... 29.93; 82 S W 3
3FOTT3STJD I
Tfre Teirist lat," the Nfclest
t king oat;
The IrtHHlwaT Style Silk Hat
ft STt.ll J
new styles oruoys' ana -uoira-
rea'sHats;
flew Styles ot Neck Wear
ran URfierwear la great Yanetj,
AX
ELY WHITESIDE'S,
angSleodCmtoplthp 41 Cherry street-
Fashionable Style Silk Hats,
iGHmg Seats' Silk Hats,
Broadway Style Gasslmere,
WE OPEN TO-DAY OUR NEW STYLES Or
Silk aid Cassimere late,
FOB THE FALL OF 1871.
Yat Lightness, Durability and general excellence)
'f hnlsli, they wilt compare favorably with,
any we have aver Issued.
0oBrormnteuri:9daadaU Hats "War.
rftBletl vxiw rnnn .uuivct
WAIN WALKER,
Jy23U 3 Public Square.
DRESS GOODS, ETC.
XJZtSSS-lVIA.'B: X KT Gr.
Te ARE NOW PREPARE O TO EXE
cute all orilers In DRESS-MAKINIG promptly,
and at moderate prices.
Colored Trimming V-elvets,
Black. Trimming- Tel vets,
Colored Velveteens,
Black Velveteens,
In every shade, and cut on the bias, at very low
prices.
Gimps,
Fringes,
Guipure Laces,
Real Thread t&ces,
very much cheaper than we have ever olt.'' tas
E. J. NORTHMAN,
novlcodtMthpsp SO Public Square.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A Cheap Home.
jfroo Torritory.
BY ORDER OF THE COUNTY COURT OF
Davidson County, and In accordance with
tho last wUl and testament of Ellxa Connalry,
deceased, I will sell to the highest bidder, at tho
Courthouse In Nashville,
en Sattarday, the ISth day or
November, 1S71,
THE HOUSE AND LOT
So. 100 Nonth Cherry Street, the home
stead of said deceased at the time of her death.
The Lot fronts 23 feet and runs back 180 feet.
The House is brick, two stories high, with base
ment, kitchen and cellar, store, back room and
hail on the first floor, three rooms up stairs. Title
undisputed. Rents this year to good tenants for
300. Terms made known on dav of sale.
THOMAS FARRELL,
Executor and Special Commissioner,
Corner Church and Market streets.
0c23 tds sp 4thp
NEWSPAPERS.
mil E GREAT
M FAMILY PAPER!
FAMILY PAPER t
FAMILY PAPER t
FAMILY PAPER t
FAMILY PAPER!
TWELVE PAGES SEYENTY-TWO COL
UMNS! TWELA'E PAGES SEA'ENTY-TWO COL
UMNS I
TWELA'E PAGES SEYENTY-TAVO COL
UMNS! TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS! TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST. THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST. TUB LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST. THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN'
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE AVEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN'
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
Containing the Cream of the News, Editorial and
Miscellaneous Reading Matter
Fnblished'ln the
DAILY UNION AND AMERICAN,
130LDDIXU
LATEST TELEGRAPH NEWS,
POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE,
COMMERCIAL and STOCK REPORTS,
LITERARY TOPICS and REVIEWS,
SELECTED SOCIAL ESSAA'S,
PERSONAL GOSSIP, aud
INFORMATION FOR PLANTERS
TOGETHER WITH THE
CHOICEST STORIES,
LIGHT READING,
AND POETRY,
rsox tiii.
CURRENT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC PE
RIODIOALS.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPT.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPT.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SESD FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
iAOOSSM,
j: o. gbiffith co.,
ir XaaUvlllo, Teat.
1