UMON'AD AMERICAN.
Gold was weak in flew. 1 onyrcsgruaj,
opening at 112I112J and closing at'
Texotssee Bondgjjpntlnue strong In.
New York at a lunner auvw-,
last evening 05 HjSSjd inland GGP
for the new,
Cottos'Is In'falr'request'in -UTewifcYork'
and dosedrmesterdatejcfqanjid-
dllng.
At last, the Geneva Board of Arbitrators
Is complete. The members areK Charles
Fran
United
States?
exander
Cockburn, for Great Britain; Jacques StaJM
empfli, of Switzerland; Count Sclopis, of
Italy, and JJarcrn de IUjuba, of Brazil
TIIEPtlBLIO PRIHTISG-A'WITHEK.
XSG Xr-BUKE.
From theKnoxTlll6.Jt?re3S and Herald, Oct 24.
The order of the -Investigating. Commit
tee, at Nashville, in regard to "the Baxter
clLargesagainsMbe .State, rrtoters,, which
was tclegrajwedYo Dotn'tlie" PrtJss and"
Herald and the Chronicle, last night, by
the Secretary of the committee, will attract
attention, though, among those familiar
with the facts, it will create but little sur
prise. V -a. .r :u
Some few weeks ago, in anticipation of
the October term of the Circuit Court of
Knocounty; injwblch jerejpendjng jviry
ous suits of John Baxter, for "damaged
reputation," against ajnultitude of parties
among theriij the members of the firm of
Jones, Purvis Co., as proprietors of the
Nashville Uitcon j&cd American, and
.Bamtejhere appeared certain grave
cliarges against those gentlemen, in con
nection with the rublic Printing, and these
charges, Issued incircular form and reiter
ated, through the columns of the Chronicle,
were scattered broad-cast among the peo
ple. IThe immediate purpose of this extra
onil.iary proceeding, was duly exposed at
the ;tiine, ir, indeed, any exposure were
necessary.
Circuit Court came on and the causes
were not reached until His Honor, Judge
Hall?mH;iew of the unusual conflict of
Courts in our citypostponed further pro
ceeding in his Court until yesterday, the
23d inst. these "damage suits" still stand
ing on the trial docket. With tliis state
ment, it. paii Tie wclTunderstood, why, in
the columns of the QhrojMe, on Saturday
and Sunday, the subject of Jones Purvis
Co., was again renewed with more violence
and bitterness than before. The nearness
of the approaching trials, gave unwonted
zest to tiie theme. The "editorial" (so
called) in Saturday's Chronicle, covering
the "garbled" extract, or pretended extract,
from J. O. Griffith's testimony, bore unmis
takable evidence of its authorship, while the
dispatch of Sunday morning, purporting to
report'the-substancc of Jones Purvis'
statements, had evidently the same pater
nity. Had the author appended to each, his
imposing name, his. Identity would notliave
been more manifest.
But the court sat again yesterday, and,
without regard to the furore attempted by
the public guardian," through the columns
of Ids organ, the niuch-nursed "damage
suits,", along witli all others in which coun
sel were engaged in the Supreme Court,
werejcontinued till the next term of the
courtriie safety-valve was raised and the
gas, which liad been generating for the Last
six weeks, was pp ririitted tomakeits harm
less escape, leaving no trace of itself be
yond its noxious odors.
As-aifitting finale, to this .extraordinary
effort to carry on a scries of lawsuits,
through a mercenary press, comes the
crushing rebuke of the Investigating Com
mittee, at Nashville, whose rules, they say,
have been recklessly disregarded, whose
courtesy, not to say confidence, has been
violated, and whoso proceedings liave been
misrepresented, in aid of the general
scheme.
Ye make no further comment. An en
lightened and honorable public will, severe
ly enough, make their own.
THE COJTVEVnoXAI. IXTEBESTIAIV
From the Gallatin Examiner, Oct. 21.
Wejregret to note tliat a bill lias been in
troduced into one house of the Legislature
repealing the Conventional Interest Law,
but trust that it may be defeated, if for no
other reason tlian tliat it has not liad a fair
triair Jt lias been in operation but a very
short time, and tliat during an unusual sea
son of depression in every department of
business. We believe, however, tliat it has
worked no disadvantage, but, on the con-:
trary, has brought into our State large
amounts of capital tliat otherwise would
have been kept in other States, where in
vestments are more profitable.
In the Northern States, money is very
abundant, and if our Legislature will have
the wisdom to let the present law remain
in force, the tide will, after awhile, tend tliis
way, and every branch of industry will be
aided. In the great State of New York
their numerous corporations have been pre
-vented by statute from investing their sur
fytfe funds beyond the State, and the conse
quence is that millions of dollars are lying
idle, or at a very low rate of interest. The
Legislature there will this winter remove
this restriction, and then their capitalists
will seek other points of investments.
The members of our Legislature should
remember tliat holders of money are just as
anxious to loan as the Iwrrower may be to
borrow, and if the present law is lierraitted
to remain undisturbed, we venture to affirm
f hat forelcn capital will pour into our State
and course through every vein and artery of
business.
We1 pretermit the question, for the pres
ent, of any legal restriction at all upon the
right of a person to niake any contract he
clioses. As an original question, wc favor
HiAnlfre liberation of money. It should
beJas" free'as the air, and have a charter as
n"idp--flnd tlte sooner our lawmakers
relieve their minds of their unreasoning ad
herence to a supposed binding requirement
r fiifl nld .ludaie law. the better. If they
crniild bSlonsistent. they should not indulge
In liam and eggs, or any other of the prohib
its .IUIips of the Mosaic cooe. iiw conu-
.wi vinw nf it. too. is that, while ostensibly
trvinK to obey the Rabbinical regulation of
f KM Mint
r03ney inauere, sigm. is jusi,
vrriianrc at all for interest was usttru,
-r,H that one ner cent, or six percent.TVOuld
liave been just as usurious as ten or fifty per
cent. The Israelites were at liberty to
charge interest to strangers, but not to their
own race. They couJd shave a Orcnuie to
thn hone and not break the law.
Wc trust tliat the day may come when
our law-makers will be able to relieve them
selves of the fetters ot old time prej unices,
and sweep away every restriction tliat inter
ftrrs with the freedom of commerce,
Money should be as free as cotton or tobac
or horses and mules. Contracts for
money should be treated as contracts about
anything Clse. Jiunry is an am ui tuiu
monv. and iust as subject to the great law:
of supply and demand as any other article
traffic
,Whpn will some statesman arise in this
country who will be able to educate the
minds of our iwople and of our Legislatures
triran understanding of the great principles
of Freo Trade? He who does it will be a
benefactor, fr Free Trade will sweep away
all of the cunningly devised schemes of
protection, that steal away the substance of
the people and enrich the pockets of mil
lionaires, and put every man upon an equal
footing in the battle of life.
The railway restaurant at Altoona,
Bmn., would not give any dinner to a train
of penniless Chicago sufferers.
'A 'GALironNiA paper reports that the
pi free known a? Andy Johnson, n the
Mariposa grove, fell with a great crash not
loag-ince.
dsss&fiSZSS'irTSrZZZTZ
IBESOMSBDEKiMMlCH 30, 1835,.
lOnrTS3atIons witb Hayti and Spain,

Grant PlcaiW a I rows of Business.
WAsirrxaTosr. Oct, 24. The President
,docllnesfattending tha, reunion,; of .the
Society of th"eArmyf 'the rGumbeiland at
.Detroit, on tne lotn anu join oi xiutvur
Ber'.lh consequence vof tlio pressure of ofli-
h Thc'TreasuryiDeparlmnt jviU tniorro
.commence tne paynieni 01 me iiocmiKi
Interest without rebate.
AHorncfalfcst.
Tiie Cabinet session to-day, was brief.
The subject of the recapture of the schooner
Morton was not menuoneu. mere was
conversation hi relation to the Hornet.
Our goydrnineht sustains the course of Min
ister Barrett in his complaint to the Hayti
government of a breach of neutral rights by
the Snaiuards in his case, and has, tlirouch
the Secretary of State, informed the Spanish
Minister of its views on the subject. What
ever offense, the: Hornet may lave commit
ted after she liad riven bonds to the United
States, is considered a question to be settled
by the authorities of this country on proper
proofs, especially as she carries the Ameri
can flag, and therefore possesses national
character. The government sees no neces
sity for the use.of force, as the entire mat
ter is undergoing peaceable adjustment.
roernicuonai nivra u utun.
A petition was received at the Executive
Mansion to-day fifty feet long and signed
by ihe womenbFUtahi protesting; agaUst
polygamy and urging cflcctive-'ineasures to
suppress its practice m me territory.
Shorn Sbiaplasitcrs.
It is probable tliat regulations will soon
be issued from the Treasury Department
concerning the redemption ot mutilated
currency. Notes will be redeemed to their
full value wheu less than one half of the
note is mutilated, and when over one half
is destroyed there will bo no redemption.
Tliis refers alone to fractional currency.
Tiie Civil Servicers.
The Civil Service Commission to-day re
ceived a valuable communication from Eng
land in relation to the method ot appoint
ment to the British postal service. The
subject under consideration was that of
probation under appointment.
Great Britain Money Orders.
To show the value of the postal treaty
recently negotiated between the United
States and Great Britain, it may, be
stated that during the first week of its
operations $8,349 was sent from, the Wash
ington oluce to Great Britain, and tnat
$3,320 was jeceived at the same office from
Great Britain.
Turned Missionary.
Secretary Delano has gone to Hartford,
Conn., to deliver an address on the Indian
policy of the Administration before the Am
erican Missionary Association.
The Census.
The census report is completed and in
press.
special to tne Cincinnati Enquirer.
South Carolina.
Dispatches from Columbia, ST. C, state
tliat Marshal Johnson has in custody 120
persons, charged with belonging to the Ku
Klux organization. Some of these have
surrendered to the civil authorities.- There
is a great panic in the country over which
inaniai law reigns, aim iuc koi3 uru iice
ins out to the mountains of North Carolina
and Georgia from York and Spartanburg
counties.
American Jans.
A letter received at the White House to
day from ex-Commissioner Capron, dated
at Yeddo, announces the safe arrival of
liimself and Professors Antisell.and Tearce,
and their inauguration as officials under
the Japanese Government. They were
tendered, a srand banquet and assigned'
quartencin aipaiacc. mcex-ouiciais seem.
greatly pleasediwith thOi countrya andJStiieir
positionsnmder the aMikad'oT-T.w6'Tilays
before reaching lokonamatue partyjpassed
through a typhoon
lion. Tom. Ewlnjr Dying-.
A letter received to-day from General
Sherman states that his father-in-law, non.
Thos. Ewmg, sen., is lying at the point of
death and can not possibly recover. His
age is eighty-four years exactly.
Hoar vs.IJutlcr.
Ex-Attornev-General Hoar called on the
President tliis morning to oppose the efforts
of Gen. Butler to get certain Federal offi
cials displaced in Massachusetts, who oppos
ed Butler's nomination for Governor. The
President does not seem disposed to inter
fere in the premises, cither for or against
Butler.
I'olyjjamy to be Squelched.
It is authoritatively stated that the Ad
ministration intends to pursue the present
policy in Utah until polygamy is broken up
in that Territory. It is prepared foi any
emergency in the way of resistance from
the .Mormons.
UTAH.
The Crusade n gainst Polamy.
Salt Lakk, Oct. 24. In the Hawkins
case, this morning, the ucienuant asKed to
be released, for the reason tliat the verdict
was not in accordance with the statute, as
it tailed to specify the nature and extent of
the punishment. The motion was over
ruled, and at the request of counsel sen
tence was deferred till Saturday next.
The case of barah A. "ook vs. Brmhain
Young is still on trial. There is some ex
citement among Polygamists as to Hawkins'
fate. The court-roOm this morning was
thronged with women. Hawkins liimself,
apparently wholly unconcerned, was re
manded to prison at Camp Douglas.
The Mormons talk peace provided Bng-
liam Is not subjected to imprisonment.
They say Brigham would submit, but his
lollowers will never allow it.
CINCINNATI.
Its Commerce.
Cincinnati, Oct. 24 The annual re
port of the Cliamber of Commerce has
just been published. The board of officers
recommend the withdrawal ol their repre
sentation in the national Hoard ot Trade,
regarding such representation of no further
oenent.
Snierintendent Smith's report shows the
value of boots and shoes received to be
$8,000,000: cotton, $19,000,000: coffee,
800,000; flour, $3,000,000; hogs $10,500,000:
iron, $0,000,000;gcneral merchandise, $la0,-
000,000; sugar, $S,500,000; tea, $1,250,000;
leaf tobacco, $9,500,000; whisky, $10,500,-
000; total value ot receipts, including above,
$283,800,000. Among the shipments the
value ot furniture is So,500,000; pork and
lard, $10,000,000.
Tlios. i:nlng Dying.
Cincinnati, Oct. 24. It is reported to
night that tne uon. Alios, xiwing, sr., at
Lancaster, O., is dying.
ATLANTA.
The Brunswick Koad Bankrupted
by
tho Chicago Fire.
Atlanta. Ga., Oct. 24. I'arties aro
seizing rolling stock and other property of
the J JrunswiCK anu aiuauy luuinnu iur ucui.
President Kimball's Inability is said to be
the result of losses by the Chicago lire
There are rumors of repudiation of the
State tionds hypothecated by him. Gov.
Bullock seized the road" and placed it iu the
hands of Col- John Screver, ot bavanuaii.
COLUMBIA.
The Negroes Renominating: Grant.
Columiiia, S. C, Oct. 24. In the
colored convention here to-day, an Arkan
sas delegate offered a resolution favoring
the nomination of President Grant, but the
convention adopted a substitute declaring
it impolitic to anticipate tiie action of the
Republican party.
MEMPHIS.
The Groundless Canard of allallEoail
Ring.
MEsimis, Oct. 24. The story telegraphed
from her In regard to demands for a con
stitutional convention, was gotten up in tlio
interest of a ring of railroaders who wish
tobcarthcjStale.bonils, and has.no other
support. i
JuD. 'I J
YOKK.-
Oakey Hall Ccnsurcu'by the Grand Jury
Boutwell. ,t,
Nkw Yokk, Oct. 24. It is stated that
feecretary Boutwell's lecture before the
Mercantile Library Friday will be an entirely
new one.
Ortkey Hall and the Grand Jury.
The Grand Jury to-dav considered the
isuoject or Indicting Mayor Hall for nial
ieasaucc m olncc. The witnesses examined
were George Jones, of the New York
Kmei, ex-Sheriff O'Brien, Edward Baxter.
furniture dealer, Masterson Palmer, of
me tenth JNational Bank. The bill against
the Mayor was dismissed, but a vote of
censure passed on him for negligence in
office.
Tanimany Nominations.
The Tammany County Convention tliis
evening made the following nominations:
Justice of the Supreme Court, Thomas A.
Ledwith; Justice of Court of Common
Pleas, Charles P. Daly: Kecister Edward J.
Shandley; Judges, Jones andSpencerT The
present incumbents were nominated Judges
for the Superior Court.
The Reform Ticket.
The Iteform Democratic Convention no
minated candidates for .Assembly this1
evening, among tthem Chas. O'Conor the
eminent jurist. In one district the Tam
many nominnee was endorsed.
Manslaughter.
Wm. 'Thompson, Indicted for man
slaughter in misplacing the switch at the
time of the recent dreadful accident on the
Newark and New York railroad, has with
drawn the plea "JNot utility," and thrown
himself upon the mercy of the court, which
in consequence of his youth is likely to be
lenient.
Lord Dundreary Awl
Sothern reappeared last evening after an
absence of ten years as Dundreary in the
American Cousin to a crowded house.
Bennett Dents Asbury.
In the challenge race to-day for 50 guineas
cup by Dauntless and Livonia, over the
Ocean Course, from Sandy Hook, lisht
ships to stake boat stationed twenty miles
windward and return, tne Dauntless won
by 11 minutes and three seconds actual, or
0 minutes and three seconds corrected time.
Going to Itebnlltl Chicago
A large' party of working men of various
trades will leave for Chicago Wednesday
evening.
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
The New York Convention.
New Yokk, Oct. 24. In the National
Insurance Convention a resolution that a
provision for the amalgamation of such Life
Insurance Compaides as desire to avail
themselves of it should be included m the
insurance laws of the several States, was
referred.
resolution was offered and tabled
against any State excluding good compa
nies from beyond its limits, or imposing
onerous requirements upon them, favoring
uniformity and reciprocity among compa
nies, the charging of adequate premiums,
and laying aside in the day of prosperity of
extraordinary reserves against the hour of
adversity.
Ihe report ot the committee on miscella
neous subjects, against a memorial to Con
gress for the exemption of life policies from
the operation ot the bankrupt law, and
against the establishment of a Marine In
telligence omce, was adopted.
A resolution that It is desirable lor the
States to enact that no policies be issued for
a term extending beyond la years, was re
ferred. ine report oi tne committee on taxation
fees and deposits was discussed till recess.
An amendment was moved making the tax
pn gross premiums one instead of two per
nant inni,fil!iT In nil st!it prppnt tlmt ivliAm
company was organized.
Lamar Insurance Company suspended
to-day.
PHILADELPHIA.
The Smallpox Scourge.
Philadelphia, Oct. 24. The official
report shows a total of smallpox cases in
three weeks of 042; deaths 151. The
disease is heaviest in Hie 20th ward,
where the houses arc mostly built on made
land. Thousands are being vaccinated
daily.
Little Jersey sold out signed, scaicu
and Delivered.
To-morrow, Gatzemer, the President, pro
tern, of the Pliiladelphia and Trenton Kail-
road will sign the lease which transfers
the united companies of New Jersey to the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. After
the signing of the lease the Philadelphia
and Trenton Railroad Company will hold a
meeting to consider the provisions of the
lease. A committee will then be appointed
to make out a proper inventory of the pro
perty to be transferred. Tliis will take
until the 1st of December.
TIIE EPISCOPALIANS.
Baltimore, Oct. 24. In the Episcopal
Convention, the Committee on the Com
mon Prayer Book reported that they do not
think it expedient to set forth any additional
service for the burial of such persons as
cannot be, because of the first rubric in the
service for the burial of the dead, buried
with that service. Adopted.
Four memorials on the following subjects
were reported on:
1. From sundry l'resbyters, asKing ca
nonical leave for any clergyman to
omit any words or passages in the Liturgy
which he believes, conscientiously, to be
contrary to the holy Scriptures, or to con
tain a doctrine which he is persuaded can
not be proved thereby.
km", in consideration ol the diih-
culties entertained by many conscientious
men in regard to the language in the bai-
tismai that the view of the nine Bishops
be adopted.
Requesting the convention to deter
mine that wherever throughout the book of
Common Prayer the word priest is used, it
is to be understood as signifying a l'resby-
ten and as of equivalent meaning.
4. Petitioning lor the restoration ol the
canon repealed by the last general con
vention, entitled, "Of persons not ministers
in tliis Church officiating in any congrega
tion thereof."
The committee reported that they
deemed anv action upon any one of
them now not expedient to be adopted
The same committee reported that mey
deemed anv action looking to a cliange in
the prayer for the President as inexpedient;
also tliat in as much as any departure from
the standard edition ofthe book ot common
prayer is now wholly unauthorized, no
further legislation is required, which were
cdjpted.
Ritual uniloninty was debated un
til recess, the question being on a mo
tion to postpone the whole subject indefin
itely. Amonc the speakers were Judge
Sliepley, of Virginia, Rev. Dr. Vinton, of
Massachusetts and itev. ur. craiK, ot
Kentucky.
A message was received trom the House
of Bishops, that as this is the year tor tiie
semi-centennial anniversary of the Foreign
and Domestic Missionary bociety of this
church, that collections be taken some time
during the year forthc creation of a Jubilee
fund lor the extension ot the church at
home and abroad.
The following resolutions were received
from the House of Bishops and concurred
in:
Resolved, tliat instead ol the resolution
adopted bv this house Oct. 27, 18GS, estab
lishing a missionary jurisdiction, tliis house
docs establish irom ami aner uan. i, ioi,
such jurisdiction with the loiiowmg bounr
daries On the east by the Missouri river,
on the south by the State oi iNCbraska, on
tiin north bv the 40 decree of north latitude
nml tli( several liuuan reservations on uie
left bank of the Missouri river north and
v!t nfsnhl river, and on the west by the
101th meridian and the territories oi Wyo
ming and JNeurasKa.
It is understood the house of Bishops
passed the Canon on Ritual as reported by
tne joint commiiiee, oy a -voie ui
to 19.
Resolutions to admit representatives of
Missionary jurisdictions were adopted.
Debate on the Ritual was resumed and
continued until adjournment;
JMSHiliLE TEKNV, WEDISTESDAYf OCTOBER 25, 1871.
THE DROUGHT FIRES.
Tlietlavagcs Round Eoclicstcr.1"
The Pennsylvania Mountains on Fire.
Tlio Wisconsin Woods Still Burning.
RocHESTEK,tOct. 24. Reports show that
fires raged with unusual violence yesterday.
The dwelling house and buildings of Su
pervisor Ilampton, in Livingston county,
were burned. There is little wind to-day,
and the city is free of smoke. About a
thousand acres were burned over in Or
leans county. Rain is needed.
Pokeepsie, Oct. 24. The mountains
and forests in Ulster county are burning.
The Flatbush fire are extinguished, but
Shawangunk Mountains are still on fire.
jllARRisntntG, Pa., Oct. 24 The moun
tains above Dauphin liave been on fire
since Friday last. The operator at Dau
phin reports that the fire extends two miles
from the river and over the entire breadth
of Peters mountain. The country sur
rounding is shrouded In smoke.
Milwaukee, Oct. 24. A special to the
Sentinel from Beloit, Wisconsin, says that
large fires are in the woods, seven miles
East of there. Barns, stacks, etc., have
been burned near Roscoe. Yesterday other
fires were reported. The city is filled with
a dense smoke.
MICHIGAN.
An Earnest Appeal for the Destitute.
Dktiioit, Mich., Oct. 24. In view of
tiie urceiicy of immediate and copious sup
plies from people outside of the State, the
following circular appeal to the people ol
the United States has been issued by the
Michigan State Relief Committee:
To the People of the United States
We need-instant and plentiful aid. From
12,000 to 15,000 at least in the State of
Michigan liave lost their homes, tood,
clothing, crops, horses and cattle. On the
night of the Cldcago fire 2,000 people on
the east shore of Lake Michigan and 5,000
to 0,000 on the west shore of Lake Huron
were reduced to almost absolute destitu
tion. Within two or three weeks other
small villages and setllements have been
blotted out. The number of individual
farmhouses, barns and frontier dwellings
which have been destroyed by the all-per
vading fire cannot, from want of informa
tion, be accurately calculated. 1 he aggre
gate we know to be enormous. The fires
are still burning, and new ones spring up.
The area ot rum and devastation is
daily increasing. The intensity and dra
matic magnificence of the calamities which
liave been overwhelming other cities and
villages are lacking here, but the suffering
exists. Along, hard, cold winter is ap
proaching. Large numbers of these people
aro accessible only by water, and navigation
will soon be closed. Scarcely a month or
six. weeks now remain in which to feed,
clothe and shelter them for the winter sea
son, wliich extends far into the months of
spring. They innst be helped now or they
will perish. They will need, too, in the
early spring, seed and implements for the
harvest of next year. The greater portion
of them must commence life entirely anew,
without preparation and at the beginning
of winter. Their isolation from the cen
tres of commerce and the means of commu
nication makes the problem of relief
more difficult and all the more urgent.
The people of Michigan have nobly respond
ed to the appeals which this misery lias
made to their sympathy and generosity, but
they are severely crippled indirectly in their
business by the Chicago fire, and directly
by the assistance they gave to the sufferers
trom tliat calamity beiorc mey were aware
of the demands which woidd bo made on
them at home. Many -of them too, liave
lost their resources by the fires which have
occurred in tliis State. In their name, and
on behalf of the victims already known,
and of many whom we fear are yet un
known, we ask prompt aid, efficient aid
from our benevolent fellow-citizens every
where. Money and supplies may be sent
direct to the Michigan Relief Committee at
Detroit or Grand Rapids.
CHICAGO.
Coroner's Verdict on the Grosvcnor
Tragedy.
Chicago, Oct. 24. The Coronor's in
quest in the Treat Grosvenor homicide case
concluded its labors late last evening and
rendered the following verdict, after .a dis
cussion of five hours; that the said Thos.
W. Grsvcnor came to his death from
the effect of a gunshot wound at the hands
of Theodore N. Treat, between the hours
of 12 and 1 o'clock A. sr., Oct. 21, 1S71,
on Cottage Grove Avenue, and we the
jurors further find that, such shooting was
without suthcient cause; but the jurors say
tliat, they aro of the opinion tliat said
Theodore N. Treat supposed he was exe
cuting orders given him by those who
placed him on guard as sentinel.
Treat was arrested anu commuted to tne
countv jail to await the action of the
graud jury:
The one million six hundred thousand
bushels of grain that were in warehouses
destroyed has been valued at half price
wlii-mis 000,000 dollars. It will be used
for distilling purposes.
The Cliicato Journal appears this after
noon in an entire new dress a fiic simile of
the old one before its destruction oy the
great fire. It was printed on a new four
cylinder press.
Branching Out.
Many of the Chicago banks located in
South Division are establishing brandies in
West Division, and banks located in West
Division are doing the same in South Di
vision. The Bank of Montreal lias decided to es
tablish a branch bank in this city. It will
be opened at the corner of Market and
Madison Streets as soon as a proper vault
can be built.
Death of n Pioneer.
P. F. W. Peck, one of Chicago's pioneer
citizens, died last eveninjr, ased 01 years.
Mr. Peck came to Chicago m inji, and
erected the first frame building and first
brick building. He was among the weal
thiest if not the wealthiest of our citizens
His property consisted largely of landed es
tate which he leased to parties for long terms
on condition of their improving it. For
this reason his estate has suffered but little
depreciation by the great fire.
The Xcw Opera House.
Manager Hooley has leased of E. H.
Haddock his lot on which his residence
stood, northeast corner of Wabash Avenue
and Monroe street, on which in the spring
he will erect a new opera house, which he
intends shall be first class.
Mustered Out.
The Chicago volunteers, mustered into.
service for patrol duty after the fire, one of
whom shot Col. orosvenor, were mustered
out of service to-day by order of Lieut.
Gen. Sheridan.
Politics A Happy Family.
The two political parties of this city and
county, in view ot the present calamity and
the condition oi auairtfcgrowing out ol the
sreat lire, arc trying 10 unite upon a union
ticket for the city and comity offices, to be
voted for at the election, which takes place
two weeks hence. Both parties liave been
in Convention to-day. It was arranged be
tween the two that the Republicans shoidd
have the candidates lor .Mayor, City Col
lector, Police Commissioners, twelve out
of the twenty Aldermen, nine out of the
fifteen County Commissioners, the Judge
of the Superior Court, and some other
minor offices, wlule the Democrats were to
have the City Treasurer, City Attorney, the
Judee rthe Circuit Court, eight Alder
men, six County Commissioners, and some
small offices. The entire ticket has not
been agreed upOn, but the following of the
leading nominations will probably be made:
Mayor, Joseph Mcdill, of the Tribune; City
Treasurer, David A. Gace, of the Sherman
House. As there are not offices enough to
supply the great demand, there wiILdoubt-
Ifiss be otuer tickets.
Halifax reports three vessels driven
ashore by recent storm ro ccount-of
their crews.
EOKEIGK
Great Fire at Darmstadt, in Germany.
GERMANY.
Retiring tho Reserves.
Beblin, Oct. 24. In session of Reich
stag to-day Von Roon, the Minister of War,
in answer to an interpellation stated that
twohirdsofthe infantry reserves wonld
shortly be permitted to return home. The
cavalry reserves, however, would for a tech
nical occasion, remain with their colors. He
added that the utmost relief would be grant
ed to volunteers for one year.
A Threatening Confiagratlon.
Darmstadt, Oct. 24. The Court Thea
tre in this city took fire this afternoon and
is now wrapped in flames. A heavy east
erly wind is blowing and it is feared the
flames may spread to the adjoining build
ings. Later The Arsenal in Danger,
Dakmstadt, Oct. 24, 8 r.ii. The fire
is rapidly spreading. The theatre lis en
tirely destroyed. A strong wind carries the
names and sparks westward into the upper
town. The arsenal is in danger and the
troops have evacuated it.
francE
The Corsica n Caucus.
Versailles, Oc'24lfn&xdfpar.
Hnents the Prussian Evacuation is pro
ceeding finely.
In the Supreme Council of Corsica the
Bonapartist party on a test vote was de-
leated by to zu. it is reporteu mat
Prince Napoleon has resigned from the
Council.
Soiler Explosion Ten Hen Killed.
Pakis, Oct. 24. A terrible boiler explos
ion occurred this morning at Rouboix in
the department ofNord by which ten per
sons were instantly killed and many others
badly hurt.
The Orleanists and the Bonanartists
The Duke D'Aumale has been elected
President of the General Council of the
Department of the Ouise.
M. Lockroy, in uouncu oi the .Depart
ment of the Seine, made a motion to-day
in favor of amnesty for tho Communists.
He said the Bonapartists intend to agitate
the impeachment of the government ot the
4th of September, the dissolution of the
National Assembly, anil a piebiscitum to
decide the future form of the government.
TIIE TURF.
The Pamlico Course.
Baltimore, Oct. 24. At the Pamlico
course race3 the uuruie race ol two mues
was won by Vesuvius in 3:381. Reunion
Stakes, 3 year olds, two miles, Harry
Basset walked over the course. Annes
wood Stakes, 2 year olds, three-fourth
mile, won bv Grey Hanetl in l:17i. Yam.
lico Stakes, -f year olds, two mile heats,
iTakness walked over, compensation
Handicap, two miles, all ages, won by
Madam Dudley in 3:38.
A USEFUIi JIAJN".
Complimentary Reference to the
Biography or a Former Citizen or
Xashville.
In the Memphis Fair .Record of the 21st
inst., we find a complimentary but still
faithfully correct biographical sketch of our
former fellow-citizen Cliarles L. Anderson,-
Director of the Shelby county Agricultur
al Society. The biographical sketch m the
Ilecord is as lollows:
Cliarles L. Anderson, who lias been a
Director since the organization ofthe Agri
cultural Society, was born in Frankfort,
Ky., in April, 183S. no received a portion
of his education in Urbana, Ohio. At the
age of 15 years, he engaged with tho Nasli-
llle and Chattanooga luulroau, with wincli
he was connected, in various clerical posi
tions, for six years. In 1850, when 21
years of age, he removed to Memphis and
was appointed uenerai iickci Agem oi
the Memphis and Charleston Itailroad,
which position he filled up to the sur
render of Memphis to tiie Federal
authorities in 1862. He then went South,
filling several important positions in conj
nection with railroads, in tue comeueracy,
from Vicksburg to Meridian and Selma,
and on the Blue Mountain Railroad. After
the war he returned to Memphis, and was
nut in cliarce of the reorganization ol the
several departments of accounts of the
Memphis and Charleston Railroad all re
cord books, etc., excepting the general ac
counts, having been destroyed. This was
an arduous and responsible trust, involving
much capacity and research, for which he
proved himself eminently qualified.
Afterwards, lor a snort lime, ne nneu ine
position of General Ticket and Ireight
Agent, then that of Assistant Superintend
ent, which he held to July, 1870, when he
was appointed Superintendent of the West
ern Division, and in connection with the
Superintendent of the Eastern Division,
now manages tne anairs oi ine roau, unuer
the direction of Maj. Wicks, President of
the Board of Directors. Few men of his
age have attained to such remarkable pro
ficiency in complicated affairs. Only thirty-
three years ot age lie mspiays an aouny
which would aualifv him for any post
where knowledse of detail, accuracy of
accounts and administrative capacity are
needed to carry through the allairs ol a
company or firm. Quick in perception, and
accurate in accounts, none can surpass nun
in unraveling errors or keeping straight co
temporary transactions, undaunted by any
obstacles that figures may present, he press
es forward to the work before him like a
hero assaulting the most desperate redoubt,
which never tails to yieiu 10 ms weu ui
rected efforts. Nor is his capacity for plan
ning at all inferior to his talent lor attack
ing. His resources in organization are
simple yet vast, as the writer has had
occasion to test. Not only lias he ren
dered the most efficient service, in his ca
nacitv as a Director of the Agricultural
and jiecnamcai ouuuiy, uui no na
assisted the Secretary in his labors,
with a patient industry, which is most high
ly appreciated by the present writer, and
which lie wm never lonrei, so ious as inem-
orv can trace the actions of the past, or.
isdsment can delineate their motives.
J i, n i a r
Jt lucre IS one UUUU iiiau me auiyuti. ui
tliis sketch is not afraid to do, it is that he
is not afraid to work, and especially when
that work Is to be cone in a good cause,
He is careful of his private allairs, but
equally so in every public employment.
Conscientious anu true, ne is irusieu auu
confided in by all with whom he is associa
ted. Direct in his action, none can doubt
his aims, who are themselves disposed to
discharge their duty. While devoted to
duty and exacting a similar devotion from
those under his direction, none arc more
tolerant, none more charitable, where there
Is the least color lor Deneving iney may oe
rectified in their conduct or may have been
misiudced in their past record.
As a Director oi ine Agricultural society,
Mr. Anderson has always been at his post,
ready equally to advise or to "work. None
111 Uie oruauizaiKiu iiu smikus mm iu
intellisence or sound discrimination not
one In pure devotion to the cause of build
in" up in our midst an institution which'
shall not be surpassed for its useful influence
in encouraging the planter, lostenng the
manufacturer and sustaining the meclianic.
XS ASCIEST ASTH.
In a deserted shop in Pittsficld, Massa
chusetts, there rests on its block an anvil
that has done duty for more than three
hundred years. It is as sound to-day as it
was in 1003, when Eltweed Pomeroy, after
welding lor the otuarts the ponderous
horse-shoes of the same style and pattern
that his ancestors had made during many
generations ior me xuaors anu I'lantage
ncts, grew weary ef taxes withoutlaw and
work without wages, and taking his anvil,
sailed for the New World. A deft work
man, he throve in the settlementSj and left
Ills anvil as an heirloom to his descendants.
They show you in the town of London the
anvil on which the sword was forged that
Richard Coeur de Lion 'used in his famous
contest with Saladin. .At. the- collection of
Pompciian antiquities inltaples there Is an
anvil, made certainly before the Christian
era. which had evidently done service for
the stalwart workmen of many generations,
before the city was buried: But,-, better
still, In the Egyptian room of the British
Museum, there, is a veritable anvil' of the
Pharaoh's,
f!
EVJlSTS,, fece,
WHOLESALE
GOODS,
WE AKE NOW IN RECEIPT OF
FORHGX AOT)0MESTIC
FOR THE FAIX TKABE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
aep5 3m
S. B. SPTJRLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOBAII GROCERS Ai COTTON MOTORS,
DEALERS IW FOREIGN ASK DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
BagglHaHd Ties Famished and Liberal Advances made.
Exclusive Agents for the sale of Manning's Whisky and Annis Sheetings.
r oct 3m sp
MOTtCIPAI. AFFAIRS.
Meeting; of the Board of Aldermen
Hessage from Xayor Morris Deport
or Departments The Market House
Question Police Commissioners
New Bills, etc
Meeting of the Board of Aldermen
Message from Mayor Morris Report of
Departments The Market House Question
Police Commissioners New Bilts, etc.
A regular meeting ofthe Board of Alder
men was held last night, President Wilkin
son in the chair.
MESSAGE FROM THE JIAYOIt.
The following message from Mayor Mor
ris In reference to the Market House ques
tion and other matters, was read and re
ceived: Mayor's Office, Nasiiville, Oct. 24,
1871 To the Honorable Board of Alder
men aad Common Council IX is my duty
to call your attention, as I have; called that
of your predecessors for two municipal
years, to the condition of the Markethouse.
It is little better than a crumbling ruin at
this time, yet a substantial, plain roof of
shingles might hold it together for a while,
and afford the vendors who resort to it
tolerable protection from rain. Many citi
zens seem anxious that a time should be
set for its removal, and some steps lave
been taken in one of the courts of the State
to abate it as a public nuisance. It is for
you to judge whether it shall be covered
with a new roof or left to the elements till
public sentiment shall become unanimous
for its removal. Certainly, if permitted, it
should have a new roof, and that speedily.
The resignation of lTor. u. nomas w.
Hamilton, as a member of the Board of
Education, renders it necessary mac me
Board of Aldermen shoidd adjourn to
Thursday night next, for the purpose ot
electing his successor. And that night is
the occasion fixed bv the Common Council
.'to meet the Board of Aldermen in conven
tion, for the purpose of hearing several emi
nent gentlemen m reierence 10 airee utiugi;
to Edgefield. K. J. Moiuus.
REPORTS OF DEI'ARTMEXMS.
The reDort of John L. Glenn, Water Tax
Collector, shows the collection for the past
two -sacks of $1,290:
The report of B. W. McCann, Kevenuc
Collector, shows the collection during the
past two week of $14,174,-
J. Li. Weakley, secretary .anu ircaaurur
ofthe Board of Education, reported the col
lection of $36,744 for school purjxses.
W. F. Meacluin, Second Clerk ot me
Market, reported the collection since last
report of $2,000.
James tiheens. bexton ot Uie cny ceme
tery, reports 30 Intermentsduring the month
of September 21 whites and 9 colored.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
Several petitions in reference to assess
ments, and for pnvuege to ouud lrame
houses, were referred to the Finance and
Fire Department Committees. The peti
tion of Herman Leflering, for a reduction of
rent on a saloon in the .ilarKethouse, was
referred to the Markethouse Committee.
A number of petitions for permission to
make additions to frame houses were
allowed.
GRAVEL FOR EDGEFIELD.
The petition of the corporation of Edge
field for permission to obtain some twenty
boat loads of gravel from the npper island,
which is owned by the city, with wliich to
metal the streets of that town, was granted..
TIIE MARKET HOUSE.
The bill to appropriate $1,200 for the pur
pose ol re-covering the Market House, com
ing up on its second reading, Alderman
Wilkin introduced a bill m lieu, proposing
the abolishment of the present market
system, and ordering tne saie oi
the material, constituting -the market
place. In 6upport.of his', measure, Alder
Wilkin slated to the BOari tliat
he introduced it not because of the threat
ened suit in Chancery against the old mar
kethouse, but because he believed it best
for the people and the city to have a system
of independent markets. The cliange pro
posed, if adopted, will take effect on the 1st
of January next Aid. Kerchival said he.
liad not as yet been able to ascertain the
views of his constituency on this question,
but thought something should be done
either towards liaving a new markethouse
or the independent system suggested in its
place. Aid. Douglas expressed similar
views, saying he would rather liave the
question first submitted to the people. Aid.
Kirchcr was unwuiuig ro see any cnauge at
tempted, until satisfied that the new sys
tem would not be to the disadvantage ofthe
city and its. people. Aid. W llkin answered
the objections, and strongly urged the ne
cessity of the proposed change. The bill
in UCU ludaUU Its JUSI icauiu, vui lauvu v..
its second reading by a tic Tote.
FROM THE COMMON COUNCIL.
The action of the Common Council re-
frriiir to the Gas Committee the petition
for the erection of a gas post on West Car
roll street, was concurred m, as was also
the disposition made by the Conmon Coun
cil of several other petitions relating to
frame houses, assessments, etc.
The petition ot Jlrs. Jsusan u. Clark,
touching damage to property, was read, and
Messrs. Kircker and Kircheval appointed to
act with the committee of the Common
Council.
ELECTION OF POLICEMEN.
A resolution to abolish the Board of Po
lice Commissioners, and providing for the
election of policemen by the City Council,
at stated times, was adopted by a unanimous
vote.
MORE CITY BONDS.
Aid. Carter offered a resolution, asking
the passage of a bill by the Legislature,
empowering the Mayor and Gity Council
to issue bonds not .exceeding $300,000 in
amount, with coupons attached, and to
matiue at from one to tliirty years. The
resolution was adopted.
NIGHT SCHOOLS.
A bill to charter night schools in the city
passed Its hrst reading.
CITY BOOK-KEEPER.
An act authorizing the Finance Commit
tee to employ a general book-keeper.
passed, under a suspension of the rule, its
third reaumg.
WHARF FOR SOUTH NASHVILLE.
A bill providing'for the establishment of
a wharf aboved the Water Works passed its
first reading, and was referred to the Com
mittee on Public Property.
MEASUREMENT OF WATK15.
An act to nrovide-for the use of metres
to ascertain the quantity of water used by
hotels, livery staples, factories, etc., passed
its first reading, and was referred to the
Water Works Committee.
U VRKET HOUSE BILL RECONSIDERED
On motion of Alderman .Douglass, the
vote rejecting the hill in lieu, proposing tp
abolish the present Market House system.
wasreconsiuereu, anu mo urn in neu re
ferred to the Market House Committee.
BONDS OF CITY" OFFICERS.
The bonds of the lately elected city oS-
cers were presemeo. anu received, with the
mW SERTES2fO. 979.
PORTER CO.
DEALERS IN
NOTIONS, ETC.,
A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
DRY
GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
J. 51. SPURL0CK73
exception of two or three, action on which
was deferred dn account of informality.
MORE LIGHT WANTED.
A bill providing for the erection or gas
posts at regular intervals throughout the
city, passed iu first reading, and was re
ferred to the Gas Committee.
Tiie Board adjourned until 71 o'clock
next Thursday night.
ODD.FEti.OHTSUIP.
Address of Hon. Xathna Porter.
A large number of our best citizens and
members of the various Lodges assembled
at Masonic Hall last night to hear the ad
dress of Hon. Xathan Porter, formerly of
Rhode Island, but for some time one of the
most prominent, able and eloquent mem
bers of the San Francisco bar, and the Past
Grand Representative of California to the
Grand Lodge L O. O. F., of the United
States. The Rock City Band furnished
music for the evening, playing "Gentle
Spirit hear my prayer,'' just previous
to the introduction of Mr. Porter to the au
dience by Past Grand Representative, T. T.
Smiley, who remarked that while he might
make some comment as regards the distin
guished brother in a manner justly and de-
o..iiSijr lamipumeniary, no would refrain
from so doing lest the utterance of any word
or the expression of sentiment on his part
tend to impair the beauties of the address
wluch would be cliaste, aud eloquent, and
graceful.
Jir. Porter prefaced his rpmnrWW ,.-inr
if it were his design to travel the country
for the purpose of making Odd Fellow ad
dresses, he would desire to take his brother
Smdey along to make elegant introductions.
Mr. Porter stated that he came not here
for the purpose of deliveriii!' .m !il.lrp.
yet he lad been kindly solicited to do so by
members of the fratemitv, and inasmuch as
a distinguished Odd Fellow from Xashville
had been caught, while on a visit to Cali
fornia, and had to speak, he supposed tliat
he, as a bird of passage on the wing, had
been caught, and was brought to the ground.
several witticisms of a nlp.intlv
ersonal nature were imlnlirml in
by the speaker, who then proceeded to nra-
ent the subject of "Odd Fellowship" iu a
gamier wawwas at, puce boid,jn;its diction,
lofty ill conception, and most imnrinuk-riv
L-iuqueni m me Deauty, grace and purity of
uiuacicr. jutogemer the address was
one of profound conviction as to the good
and beneficial results of Odd Fellowship
which the .speaker first showed the propriety
(11 lettinrr the nilbllf l-n.m' unnnfUni
regards the nature and objects of tiie order,
so as to invite the examination and demand
the consideration of good and honest men,
permitting them to see its benefits in a
public and private manner. This was
illustrated by reference to the refusal of a
missionary in a foreign land, who, when
called upon to lend his aid to the establish
ment of an American Odd-Fellowsldp,
there asked, Odd-Fellowship? what Is it?
And wlule the remark of the missionary
filied Odd-Fellows with shame and
cliagrin, jet that same question must
be replied to by men of observation
and intelligence. Thereupon the outlines
of American Odd Fellowsliip were quickly
presented by the speaker who showed tliat
while it was once conducted m bar rooms.
the host of which was the mosia interested
party, in times when many clubs of a social
and convivial nature existed in England,
and when the name did not appear as odd
as now to some who thought its deeds ac
corded with the name. It now liad assum
ed a purer and loftier character. Once its
members met to sing songs, tell stories and
enjoy themselves; now its cliaracter
liad assumed a different type and
wlule it was elevated and liad been ad
vanced by Ieavins out tho doubtful and
evil qualities, its ever and as yet main fea
ture, benevolence, still existed. The ob
ject now was to protect the poor, bury the
dead, comfort the afliicted, alleviate the
distressed, and care for the widow and edu
cate the orplian. That these, however.
were but a few of its benefits, and the
whole could not be estimated in
twenty such evenings by himself.
About fifty years aso the Order met in
Baltimore and formed the Grand Lodge of
the United States, and their first act was to
exclude all refreshments from the liall and
meetings except cold water. It now em
braced about 300,000 active members in the
U. S., besides 150,000 who were non-affiliated
members; upon these there depended 250,
000 persons, making Snail one fifteenth ofthe
population ol tins country. io Odd Fellow
was ever known to lie a pauper. Yet its
members paid a large amount of taxes, but
never received any thing individually
compared with the the benefits received by
other persons from them. Xo child ofthe
onler ever entered any elcemosyrcuy instit u
rion of the country, and while they placed
money in the public treasury they nocr
took it back again.
Its rapid growth and crand strength we r
reviewedjsbowing that there were lodges in
every State, in Canada, the isles of the sea,
Australia and other Untisu Provinces, etc.,
all of wluch were subordinate to the
Grand Lodge of the United States, than
which the members of no other
association were more im
portant, influential or intelligent. Hence
it was progressive and now chimed tiie
jKisscssion of virtues aud intelligence equal
to that of any other benevolent onler. The
nature of Oddfellowship, compared with
religion was next explained hi a manner as
beautiful and impressive as if done by
the wand of genius itself; in the course
of wliich Mr. Porter remarked, after ex-
plaimng the difference between the Order
and Religion, that while it avoided alfinity
witii and between settled doctrines of faith
in religion and politics, warring with no
church and opposing no sect in principles,
yet it was the ground in the church and tiie
field from which a rich liarvcst of religion
was reaped. It may be termed the hand
maid of religion, and if not religious,
was moral. The speaker then referred
to the opposition some time made to
Odd Fellowship, saying he had been a mem
ber of the Order over thirty years, and
during that time had witnessed the decline
of the opposition; though at present he be
lieved there was one paper established
ostensibly to opjKisc it, :uid anatiicmas
were sometimes hurled from the pulpit by
parties who know nothing of its cliaracter
and purpose. He thought the opposition
was weak and amounted to nothing,
nere he gave a happy illustration, by an
anecdote, of the man who suffered a fero
cious dog to bite his leg and offered no re
sis ance, merely saing to a person who
askid why he did not drive tlte d)' r.ff
and not allow it, to bit" him so
badly, "Let iim bite; ha is a
noble animal; It does him great good and
does me no injury, because it is ray wooden
leg." So with that opposition;'' it doesn't
hurt; that wooden leg Iias.no sensation.
The speaker nex.t addressed' himself to
the ladies, and showed how much good
A
I AM KOW RECEIVING THE
d beit selected stock of
ML Will
Erer brought to this market. I am prepared to
furniJh the public with all qualities audi Bute
of Clothing
At Prices that DefyTdmpetitlMi
The following la a partial Ust of articles .Crem
my stock, which will gfre some Idea of the ea&af
of my purchases: n.
COATS.
Outtor Beavers.
Bine and Black Opera,
Derby and Chesterfield. i.' Su
Diagonals aB( olive Browu,
Prince Alberta,
New Market, ttt
Fleetwood.
Aim, a full lino of Blaeir Cloth Cowte, of
all styles, qualities and prices. J U
n?-L:Kri?s.
500 Pair Black Doeskin; rttkk.
Casslmere Paats of all Qualities, .4..
Grades and Prices.
Our Stock of Silk, Cloth, Considers' and
Velvet Tests Is complete as to quantity, qual
ity and price.
We hare have also on hand a fall Bno of t
Ovorooatsr
In addition to the abOTe we have conatiShrjn
hand a full lice of Gentlemen's FarM
lngr Goods.
A e offer these goods to the trade at the lowest
market rates. Our stock Is new and complete In
every department.
Planters, Merchants and the PnbUc generally
are Invited to call and f Timing our stock before
purchasing elsewhere.
The many friends of JAMES TV. EV-AXS,
formerly connected with this house, wd find him'
at this old and well-known stand, and he win be
pleased to show them through the stock, and at
the same time be able to satisfy their tastes in
any article pertaining to this Un.
BILLY BKOW son of ex-Mayor TV. M.
Brown, U also connected with this house;' and
will be pleased to hare his friends give him a.
call, guaranteeingtoplease them IneTery respect.
MIKE POWERS'
Star Clothing Store
Comer Harket and Square,
sep23 eodSm splstp NASHVILLE, TEKN.
WHOLESALE "CXOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING
TRADER.
We have just opened 'a
larger Stock of RmdyrmaSe
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the:
Southwest, than eper oefoi
which we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
L0 WEST EjL'STERM
PRICES, and we earnest
invite buyers to call andgxpJ
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is call-
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con-
t --it
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and fnisli, and
will satisfy any one tliat, al
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cJieapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and GumJJlothing on
sale. Ordei's carefullh filled
B0L1YAB H. COtfKE
NASHVILLE, TEKSlr
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 PubW
Square.
seplO tt
their scr derived from tbe'Order. IIe"warn
ed them not to heed the slanders of. some,
nor to believe that all Odd Fellows were
immoral, or that husbands were goodmenA
hers because they stayed from home later
at night upon the plea of attending'
the lodge but they should reflect
upon the benefit It does the widow and
orphan and yet these were but a tithe of
its virtues and advantages.
The claims of the order upon the publics
were next presented, and the requirements
of the members, and, while the order could,
not and did not claim perfection, yet It did"
claim wliat man can do, the individual and'
reciprocal duties of life, by making men
conscientious, hones:,v'upright amf sym
pathetic. The public blessings" of tie
Order were next referred to; the Order was
founded on the golden rule which says "Do
unto others as ye would they should do, ta
jou."
Time forbids us going more into
detail of this able and very interesting and
instructive address. Odd Fellowship wj?
also discussed as regards Its national char
actcr and public benefits, its virtues and In
telligence and constitution, the solid foun
dation of a grand and mighty repnblic- of
liberty, freedom and peace. Air, Forter.Jn
conclusion showed how an association, as
Odd Fellowship, wliich gives intelligence
and plants virtue in her members, can
by presenting such men to a country -as
would make its gocrnment secure at aUj
times, and be productive of principles that
never die; with tiie virtue and intelligence'
tliat Odd Fellowsliip bestows, there can bo"
no fear for the perpetuity of a nation,-. OM
ths happiness of the people.
After the conclusion of the address, Fast
Grand Secrelarv Famsjortb, in behalf of
tlio Order here, tliankcd the speaker for the
able address delivered to tliem, and also tho-1
ladies and gentlemen for their attendance1
and polite behavior, stating that the lion.
Mr. Fortcr would visit the Aurora German
Lodge at thft Hall this uvenlng, where the
various Lodges would have an opportuty of
seeing him once more before leavi ng thadty.
Air. Porter leaves to-morrow morniruj toe
home via Bowling Green where he will re
main over a dav to visit the Grand Lodgei
1. 0. O. F. of Kentucky hi session there.
About tliirty members from the various."
lodges in our city will also leaver in com
pany with Mr. Fortcr Rrr Bowling Greeny
a delegation from the Grand Lodge of Teu
nesaee. sis
Tiik French are figuring on- the cost and"'
practicability of a railroad front Paris tar
Pckin. The project includes tues. tunneling
of the Balkan Mountains, building a.bridge
across the Hellespont, and undermining
the Himalayas. The cost of tho subteira,
nean work alone Is estimated at about $4ut7,
000,000.
Mackerei which disappeared from the,
coast of, Newfoundland forty jears.Hlagpj.
mado tlieir reappearance tliisiCdl.
Five hundred
Portuguese are,, about., to,.
emigrate to
h-ginia.
mm