I
f CLOTHING, ETC.
WIM AM) AMERICAN.
iHTJN.TINS0ION.
X X'JLxJ
for the new.
ESTABLISHED MARCH 30, 1835, u KASHYILLE, TENET., SATHRDAYi NOVEMBER i, 1871.
NEW SERIES NO. 988.
1 1
rer rates, middling
Gold opened U New York yesterday at
112, but declined in the cbHrsetor.tlie'iiaj
closing at lllf (31111.
Odt of the seventy-eight delegates elect
ed tt Constitutional Conrention in Wesf
22fiM are Republicans. "nis
Ve print this morning an interesting ar-
Udo-Xrojii Oie Ifew York Tribune hi regard-
to the'tate5Natioiial ImurancC Conventions
iri"ew York. A letter from theSecretary
of-tne 'Convention sneaks of it as havinir
been "mosteliarmdhlous," and !that it hadM
2few York, but at lowi
S:iS.WAsraGTOf.
tIWalhlngton
correspondent of the 1
Cincinnati Gazette (Radical) says, Nov., 1
There are unpleasant rumors of frauds frf
the Pension Office: iff the matter of grant-
ing pensions, bounty lands, kcStt
n S T:
charged soldiers who are not entitled to the
6ame" under ihe law. The rumors Impll-
catejunpng-others, peorge-W. Johns, the
cliicf clerk of the ofllce. TW mnttpr line
been placed InTCfe-hinas ofllm AM T.
f
the detective service of the bureau, who is
only awaiting the reluni of Commissioner
-Baker.from. .Thiladelnhla.' before resortinc-
am ff r -J
'to cxtrenv-'measurcs of an tat. It is proper
o say that no suspicion whatever attaches
to thi Commissioner. i
u 'BONDS tVrAILROADS.
letter from Gen. Jtnney In Itcforcuce
to nn Assumed Trade Between Col. t
.aicQhoe and Himself.
From the Memphis Appeal.
Nashville, Oct. SO, 1S71. Editors I
Appeal. My attention having just been
called to several articles in your issue of
the 2Sth inst, indicating tliat at some time j
there had hen 'a ''trade" between lion. C.
IT. McGhee and jnyself in reference to
State bonds issued to the railroad company
of which I am president, I deam it projier
to correct misapprehensions by the assur-
r ance that I liaw never, cither as such pre
sident or individually, made any trade in
bonds with Mr. McGhee. Neither liave I
officially or personally ever had a financial
transaction of any cliaracter wliatever with
'him, or "with any party known to me to be
associated with him.
With regard to bonds issued to this road,
had it been my conviction that any such
were"fraudulently" or "wrongfully" "issued
to me, they would at the time have been
restored to the State. But they were deliv
ered order of tlie Governor, as I under
stood, under counsel of the Attorney Gene
ral of the State, and I am not aware that
any like legal reviser for the State lias eyer
since "deolaved" thy were "fraudidently:or
wrongfully paid out."' It is true these bonds
were exchanged, particulars of which trans
action are fully stated in my last annual re
Port,. ami, that this exchange was induced
by certain threatened action of tlie last
ou? constitution incapable of judicial pow- 1 'l t,iat "f, whole syndicate business
crs, tlie legality of their issue could not p'l be a complete success. The members
be property determined by such a bodv. I of 1 16 "yndicato are doing everything in ac
"That, after the exchange mentioned, Mr. the agreement. The bonds
McGhee, or parties interested witli him, ?f? el'v,ere4d a? practicable. lie
may have come in possession of even a Luge i "llnksf transaction will le closed by the
portion ot the bonds originally issued to
this Toad, is highly probable, but those ac
J 'quainted with tlie business course of such
matters, will easily understand this could
occur without tho least understanding be
tween us. and without even a wish or in
tention of that result on the part of either
of us.
"While I have. gentlemeii,no cause to com
plain of the least personal discourtesy at
your hands, am sure you will appreciate t
tliat prominence in affairs not our own, is j
not the most pleasant of things, but beyond
mere personal consideration, I have felt it 1
proper, in behait ot tacts, to make this state-
nient, convinced tliat knowledge of truth i
in the premises will bo acceptable to your- t
selves as to any other party interested.
Very respectfully yours,
Geoisgi: Masey.
-i taxation. T1,e name,, of Coi. Tappan, Col. II. A.
Trom the Tans Intelligencer. Clum and Gen. F. A. Walker were men-
While some papers in the State are be- tioucd in connection with tlie Commission
coming clamoroui for a rate of taxation' ership of Indian Affairs.
which they themselves fix in all probability
too low to meet the demands of the State,
,011 the most economical basis we think
the Legislature will put the rate at the very
lowest possible figures, consistent with the
honor and creditof the State. We should
notask for a rate so low as not to meet the
necessities of tlie case, and thereby increase
the burden in the future, to that extent that
might result in utter bankruptcy on the
one lurid, or on the other deliberately iu
augurale a policy, which, to escape the first
evil, 'would inevitably drive tha people to
the deplorable expedient of raising tlie cry
for repudiation.
When tlie Legislature shall have made
the most critical and careful calculation,
including the necessary appropriations to be
made during the present session, and cur
rent exjienses, together with all that is now
known, through the reports of the different j
departments already rendered, then let I
them fix the rate the lowest that will meet j
the case; and with that the people should
be satisfied, whether it be 25, 35, or 45 cents
on the $100. But to demand now a specific
rate, say 2-" cents on the 5100, and thereby
suffer the State indebtedness to increase by j
a frightful accumulation of interest and
unprovidid for claim--, so as to comel tlie
next Legislature to more than double the 1
rate to meet the increased debt, would lie
a piece of unprecedented-folly, both in tlie
tieople and their Representatives. Yet we t
say the people have a right to demand of
the legislature the most rigid economy, and
the lowest possible rate of taxation compat
ible with the honor and obligations of the
State.
M
MEHPMS.
Crimo and Casualties.
.Mr.siiMiis, Nov. 3. Frank Jones, w hile
'walking along the Horn Lake road, two
miles saiilh of the city, was shot by some
unknown jierson and fatally wounded.
It is reported that Von lloberts, who was
acmiittc l a few months since of 'tlip murder
of Ada Jones, m a saloon in this city last
winter, die-i a few days since m Arkansas.
Before lii-i death he conlessed tliat he killed
her Irom jealousy.
A special to the Duily Pre.M, from Macon,
Mis.., sjvs -Weiseller, who killed Sheply, of
Louisvillf, a few moutiHjsiuce at Corinth,
by upsetting a lamp upon him to cover rob
bery, was shot Wednesday night by an un
known party and killed.
Gnj-oso Gas.
Mi:Mi'Uit.,Nov.:5. Thecase of thoGayoso
Gas Company for $300,000 damages was j
decided in favor of the plaintiff in the j
First Circuit Court to-day.
TvhKANSAs!
JlcII;rloiiH mill Itcncvolent Uti-Kluv
Acquitted.
I.itti.e ltoi K, Nov. 3. At the meeting
of tlie Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows to
night the following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Peter Bnryman, Grand
Master; IK A. Bradsh iw, Deputy; It. John
son. (5. W.: J. M. Hanks, Grand Hrpre
sensitive; Thomas It. Welch, N.S.; George
S. Morrison, T.
In addition to l-o ii of Odd
Fellows anil .Masons, the Methodist Con
ference and Ibe annual Convention of the
Christian Chu-ch are now being held.
I Baldwin, tl e Trish pugilist, gives a f-par-
"W-'ring exhibition at the Gity 'Hall on Monday
'ring'exhibition at the Gity 'Hall on Monday
tiich'-
Advices iust received from Duvalrs lihill.
announce the acquittal pf Hhi' three White
j county Ku-KI ik. who Were indicted about of the 1st in-t fives the total debt, includ
,l one war ago. and whose trial has been pro- ing the Pacific railroad bonds, at 4"C
ceeding for th past week at the Prairie oinOol.-lo. On ihe 1st dav of iiarrfi. isr..i
county Ku-Kl ik. who were indicted about
one ar ago. .mil whose trial has been pro
ceeding for th past week" "at" the Prairie
county Circuit Court.
Dr. II. A. oung. of Nashville, addressed
the Meth'jJist hpiseopal Conference to-tla
in tl e interest of a Central Metho list EpU-
copu llmvers'tv.
To- excitement over the city election
whi. Ii occurs Tueday is very great, and
serious trouble aau apprehended.
v
1
j Cat to Pieces.
i.- XSVt&d&jihe Union and Ameritan.
Gutiikie Citv, Ky., Xov. 3. James
j -Smith, a -brakeman of Earlmgton, Jty.,
while running over the cars slipped in con-
equ'ericepf Hlie'frbstj' early this morning
and fell between the, cars.7 lie- jvas rim
prer and cut, to. pieces iu a horrible .manner.
When the remai 11s were-pickedup the bones
rattled. They were placed in a box and
Jept.to Hopkhisville, where his wife and
child live. -Pieces -of--his-skull, -and his
teeth -were -afterward picked up. on the-
track

Marl'oh'Couulycnipiefxoin Martial
Law.
1 iideuUai reclamation.
L Jjj,0' --Tlresident
.by iirof tarnation to-day revokes the order
6f the former proclamation suspending the
writ of "habeas corpus in South Carolina
I Another Dispatch.
Tlie President issued a proclamation to-
revoking-the.st.snsion of-tlio habeas
corpus-in .aiarioii-couurvy soma uaronna,
Ht having leeii ascertained that unlawful
combinations do not exist there to the
tent described in the proclamation suspend-
lng,tbo said writ, and declaring as it has
been ascertained tliat unlawful conspiracies
do exist in Union county, tho usual notice
is given that such combinations shall dis
lerso within five days.
Information has been received from
South Carolina that two hundred Ku-Klux
liave made a voluntary confession and sur
rendered to the- authorities. They are dis
gusted with tlie Ivlan. Monday thirty-seven
of them confessed in writing. It is esti
mated that three hundred have fled. One
hundred and two are confined hi jail at
Yorkville, and the prisoners speak well of
their treatment. A numberwere also re
leased on parole until their confessions can
be heard. Examinations before tlie com
mission will be soon commenced.
332,000 Gone.
The Commissioner of Pensions has re
turned from his investigation at Philadel
phia and reports the defalcation of Pension
Agent Forbes at $32,000. He has been re
moved. The Utah Deleg-nte.
Delegate Ilooper, of Utah, here denies
tliat his business with the President is nn
cerning Utah matters.
Lost Loyalty.
It is thought the application to the Sup
reme Court for a mandamus to compel the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a war
rant for five hundred and twenty-five thou
sand dollars, alleged to be due Kentucky for
arming troops, etc., will be unsuccessful.
Gettysburg.
The remains of one hundred and twenty
Confederate soldiers, from North Carolina,
buried at Gettysburg, have been removal
to Raleigh.
Jny Cooke's Hyndlcalc.
Judge Richardson writes from London,
first of December.
Tinker Dave.
Victor G. Powell, late clerk iu the Second
Auditor's office, charged with conspiring
with W. B. Stokes and others to defraud the
State, lias been released 011 ten thousand
dollars bail.
Indian Imbroglios.
Agent Gibson represents that there are
over eight hundred' white trespassers from
Kansas on the new Osa?e reservation.
The surveyors recently sent to the Osage
country to fix the line ofjtt) degrees, made
the line four miles west of the previous offi-
ciai surveys, uy wliicli the choicest lands in
the valley of the Cone river will be taken
from the" Osages, thus pushing the Indian
on tlie mountainous region. The Adminis
tration directed that for the present the In
dians sliall not be disturbed and tliat they
shall be protected.
More Pension Frands Another Half
Million Stolen.
The governmeet is investigating charges
against Judge S. W. Wright, of this city,
formerly of Indiana, in relation to tlie col
lection of bounties and pensions due to In
dians and soldiers of the Creek, Cherokee
and Seminole nations, who served on the
frontier during the rebellion. Tlie alleged
frauds are said to amount to nearly
$400,000.
The Mormon Situation.
Parties who left Salt Lake on Saturday
have arrived here, and have communicated
to government officials some interesting facts
connected with thejsituation there. They
state tliat the prosecution of the polygamists
is injuring business very much;. that east
ern capitalists who went there to invest in
mining interests are leaving, and that the
Gentiles are curtailing their business opera
tions, and sending their wives and children
to places of safety. It is added that the
Government lias recently sld to these very
Mormons old muskets for a dollar apiece,
and that if war comes the Mormons will
present a formidable front, though it is not
improliable tliat they may all emigrate to
Mexico. It is stated that not twenty Gen
tiles in Utah favor the prosecution of tlie
Mormons, and that even the Federal milita
ry authorities are indifferent to it on the
surface, and at heart opjxised to it. Those
representations will have no effect, as it was
decided in the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday
to continue the present policy,
S.'Cl:il to tlie Louisville lA'Uger.
The Ku-Klux.
Senator Scott, of Pennsylvania, is of the
opinion that the Ku-Klux troubles are com
ing to an end, so far as the Carolinas are
concerned, but tliat martial law will liave to
be declared in all the Southern States before
they can be finally exterminated. Tlie ex
amination of the testimony taken by the
various sub-committees has "been begun, for
tho purpose of preparing a report to be sub
mitted to the full committee when it con
&k
rf
f
venes lyre on tlie 2utn. nie evidence
covers twenty-two hundred
and that which is to come
in from tlie sub-committees at work in the
various Southern States, will aggregate as
many more. The number of witnesses ex
amined here were four hundred, wlute.
About three times this number have ap
peared before the sub-committee. Accord
ing to Senator Poole, his committee will
soon have completed its report 011 the
financial condition of tlie Southern States.
This repoit will make several hundred
pages as well.
Gov. Ilnllock In Mini Odor ulth His
Own Friends.
Gov. Bullock doesn't seem to be meeting
with any greater encouragement at the
hands of the Republicans in New York
1 han lie did here. While in conversation
with a distinguished Republican Senator of
this city, a few days since, lie said that he
was about to resign, in order to escape tlie
persecutions of his enemies. The reply
made to him was tliat, if lie was innocent
he would have nothing to fear, and espe
cially with the national administration to
back him and to afford him botli protection
and redress. By fleeing from justice Bul
lock lia- dfaguMed what few influential
friends he l,;id here, and his conduct since
his cowardly abdication has convinced tlie
most skeptical that he is guilty of all the
chnrees IH-pferr! ntmlntt l.i.n tlin iiulirr.
nant people of Georgia. Whatever is done
with Bullock, it mav be safely assorted that
he will rectie neither aid nor comfort
from this quarter.
Tli 1. II. 1......
it was, according to Mr. Boutwell's- Cincin
nati speech, $2r::0,:iS!i,OSO a difference of
$10:'.,80,S11.45--so that in five years and
1 seven months the public debt reduction lias
averaged less than $10,000,000 a year. Yet
I tlie debt statement itself shows that the
principal of the debt has been reduced over
$204,000,000 since May 1, ISoU
i
'NEW YORK.'
.Tammany's Old Trlefc.
-New York, Nov. 3. Iri ids speech last
,night Tilden said he had been reproached
-by Tammany ofllcials, and brlbes'of offlce
and other considerations offered Mm to se
cede from the reform party.
Mormon Heertlits.
About three hundred Mormons ai rived
Wednesday by the steamer Nevada. They
leave this evening under charge of one of
the Mormon Elders.
In Jail for Debt.
Twenty-one prisoners held for debt In the
Ludlow street jail were discharged on
order of Judge Barnard to-day. The casw
remaining, nine, will be heard hereafter.
The Insurance Companies.
Judge Cardozo to-day vacated Ihe In
junction granted by him yesterday against
tlie Mercantile Fire Insurance Company
and discharged the Receiver; it proving that
the company's cash assets above'a capital
of $200,000 are $92,335, and tliat at the
worst, after paying all claims, W per cent,
of the capital will be intact, even after re
insuring. ftTlie Board of Fire Underwriters protested
against Cradozo's action of yesterday as an
outrage, declared the company perfectly
safe, and took action looking to a modifica
tion of the laws so as to render such pro
ceedings Impossible hereafter.
Tiie Stqierintendent of the Insurance'
Department lias at request of the Conti
nental Insurance Company investigated its
affairs and finds its capital unimpared and
that it liolds a large surplus above all claims
for losses by Chicago and otherwise, includ
ing an ample reinsurance fund. Tlie Su
perintendent also certifies that the volun
tary additional half million capital of the
company is more than doubly subscribed.
He is now examining other insurance com-
panies.
A est Tuesday.
The Superintendent of Police lias onlered
the whole police force on duty election day
to maintain order. Under the regulations
each candidate is allowed to have a friend
present to see fair play in tlie count.
The Committee of "Seventy arranged to
have Judge Learned of ihe Supremo Court
to sit tlie whole day independent of the
usual occupants of the bench, t protect
honest voters in their rights.
About two hundred young men liave
been enrolled as watchers of polls, on the
part of tho Committee of Seventy and the
Council of Municipal Reform.
Mayor Hall's chief clerk in a letter to the
press, promises on the part ot the May
or, a prompt investigatian of all complaints
made by citizens against the Inspectors or
other poll officers.
Seventeen indictments were found and
minor warrants issued for several repeaters
operating on the register list to-day.
Judge Banianl has issued an order com
pelling the placing of boxes at tlie polls for
the reception of votes for assistant alder
men. An order was also granted for the Mayor
to show cause Monday why he should not
remove tlie present Inspectors of Election
and appoint others in conformity with the
law.
The Xathan JInnler.
Judge Barnard to-day stated iu Court
tliat he was determined to stop imprison
ment for debt or as witnesses, and that he
had no doubt the murderers of Natlian and
Rogers have been discovered.
Counting Chickens.
It is decided tliat if Alexis arrives by
Tuesday the parade will be held on Wednes"
day. If he lauds before Tuesday he goes
incognito to Washington, until the election
is oer.
Vigilance Committees.
Ex-Sheriff O'Brien, Reform candidate for
Senator for tlie 7th district, in his speech Lost
night said there are 50,000 men in New
York who will not stand the illegal inter
ference of these hirelings, and who, should
the police Tuesday next attempt to prevent
honest men from voting or shield rogues in
repeating, will liang the villains to the near
est lamp iosts. This announcement was
greeted with uproarious cheers and shouts of
"We will that." J
en. Sherman.
The steamer Wabash will proceed to
Fortress Monroe from this city, at which
place Gen. Sherman and staff go on board.
Cooper Institute Fun, Fact and Fancy.
The meeting at Cooper Institute last
night was the most enthusiastic and res
pectable assemblage that lias been witness
ed in this city for many years. Hundreds
of eminent citizens occupied the platform.
Every profession and rank of Ife were
represented. Clergymen and politicians sat
side by side. Thousands were compelled
to go away for want of standing room. Tlie
platform was hung with the ensigns of the
nation, and in the centre, over the speak
er's chair, was the inscription, "Wliat we
are going to do about it."
When the first speaker, Mr. Jas. H.
Clioate was introduced he commenced as
follows; Fellow citizens, before proceeding
with my own discourse I have been request
ed to read the following. It is anonymous
but very important as you will see.
"Will you be so kind as to read the fol
lowing notice at tlie great meeting to be
held at Cooper Institute to-night:
"The citizens of New York are respect
fully invited to attend tlie political funeral
of Wm. M. Tweed, on Tuesday, the 7th of
November, paugliter and applause at
the New Courthouse. The exercises will
be conducted by Archbishop O'Conor,
immense applause and laughter with
seventy able assistants. The services will
commence with singing that good old hymn
of Dr. Watts: Believing, we rejoice, to
see tlie curse removed. Cheers and
laughter. At the conclusion of singing of
hymns, an eloquent discourse will be pro
nounced by Rev. Edward I'ierrcpont ap
plause from that most appropriate text:
Lord, by this time he stinketli.' Cheers
anil laughter. This congregation is in
vited to attend."
Mr. Choate put the audience in tlie bsst
good humor during his speech. Referring
to the contest between Messrs. Bradley and
O'Brien, he said lie thought the Pullman
candidate of tlie Greeley Republicans had
no more chance of going to the State Senate
than had Wm. M. Tweed to enter Hie king
dom of Heaven.
The Cotton Movement.
Cotton statement racoiptfi at all porta
shffe Sept. 1, were 404.354 bales 81,115
short of last year. Exports 175,073 bales,
or 34,215 short.
Ilegistratlou.
The number of voters registered to-day
was 37,2:2!); the number registered previ
ous days 01,985. The registration closes
to-morrw evening, by tlie laws of the
State which prescribe registration in New
York city oidy. Voters not registered
will be accepted upon showing good
cause for failure to register.
TIIE TUUF.
New York, Nov. 3. Fleetwood Park
Purse S2.000, mile heats, Charles Green
beat Topsy, Climax and Belle. Time,
2:34 1, 2:35, 2:37.
MAINE.
Mad Maidens Twain.
Lewiston, Me., Nov. 3 Two girls
leajxid to-day into the deepest channel of
the falls, with their arms interlocked. They
left their clothing on a rock.
Latek. Tlie names of the young ladies
who jumped into tlie river were Ada Brown
of Buckiiehl, and Anna Wood of Hartford.
The bodies have not been recovered.
UIIODirTrSLANuT-
A Suicidal Solon.
PicoviDENCE, R. I., Nov. 3. Stephen
Waterman, a member of the State Legisla
ture, shot himself in the head this a. m.
BOSTON.
An Embezzler Pardoned.
Boston, Nov. 8. Chas. H. Ward, late
of the banking firm of Mellen, Ward Co.,
sentenced to three years imprisonment in
June, 1870, for embezzling Government
funds, was to-day pardoned by President
Grant.
Cliarleston reports four deaths from fever
yesterday.
GEORGIA.
Meeting of the .Legislature.
Proponed Special Election for Gov
ernor, ATlSjftA, Nov. 3. The Georgia Legis
lature to-day recognized Beid. Conly, Rep
ublican, as acting Governor. A bill for a
special election of Governor in De'cember
was introduced. A resolution was passed
proving false Gov. Bullock's allegations that
the Assembly meant to impeach him with
out investigation, and tliat the people did
not respect the Constitution nor recognize
tlie results of the war.
CHICAGO.
Military Itnle to Bo Iiokc! Into By
State Authorities.
Special to tlie Cincinnati doMihcrciai.
Chicago, Nov. 2. The report that Gov.
Palmer liad ordered proceedings to lie in
stituted against Gen. Sheridan and Col. F.
Sherman, for unlawfully placing this city
under military rule during the excitement
following the great fire, becoming thereby
accessory to the killing of Col. Grosvenor,
has been the subject of much comment.
The city officials profess to know nothing
about the matter,and it is not probable that
any steps have yet actually been taken
looking to tlie indictment of tlie above
named officers. There seems no doubt,
however, that the Governor is really in
earnest, and tlie matter will be pushed to a
most thorough Investigation. Gen. Sheri
dan says he don't know or care anything
about it, while Col. Sherman justifies his
action and courts the fullest investigation
before a Court or Record.
To the Asxociated Press.
The Cold-Water Brigade.
Chicago, Nov. 3. The temperance men
of Cliicago held a meeting yesterday and
put in nomination a ticket for city and
county officers.
Working on 20 Per Ceui.
It is announced on reliable authority that
the remaining SO per cent, of stock of the
Republic Insurance Company will be called
in at once, and that the company will pay
their losses iu full iu installments and go on
witli their business.
03,000 Applicants Tor Aid.
Tlie number of destitute victims of the
great lire now receiving aid of tlie Relief
Society has considerably decreased, owing
to the tact that many are receiving employ
ment at good wages. Tlie number of fami
lies dailv receiving more or less aid from
the society is about 14,000, or 03,000 per
sons including men, women and cliildreu.
Montreal has sent over one hundred and
two thousand dollars in gold for the relief
of Chicago, besides large quantity of provi
sions, clothing, etc.
The Managers jS tlie American Bible
Society donate five thousand dollars to the
Oiiicago Bible Society.
SALT LAKE.
Toujrh on Tipplers.
Salt Lake, Nov. 3. The police to-day
made a descent on several drinking saloons
for selling liquor without having paid the
municipal license of three hundred dollars
per month. The places were closed and
the proprietors summoned to appear to
morrow before Police Judge Cinton.
Hon. Tom Fitch delivers a lecture to
night at Provo, subject, "Tlie Pacific coast
the future Empire of the West."
Mlnliisr Matters.
There is considerable excitement in re
gard to the discovery of rich gold quartz in
Bingham Canon. Assays have been
reached as high as $2,000 per ton. Ex
tremely important suits are in progress at
Provo as to tlie ownership of mines in
Tintic. There is great indignation among
the miners and mine owners in regard to
the high freight tariffs on the Union Pacific
railroad. Hundreds of freight cars run
East empty even- day rather than carry the
ore of Utah at any profit to the shippers.
The Missing Prophet.
Tnere are no more arrests and not the
slightest apprehension of trouble. Nothing
lias been heard from Brigham to-day or
apostle Hyde.
SAN FKANCISC0.
Important to
Holders
Stock.
or I us 11 ranee
San Fisan'Cisco, Nov. 3. Judge Dever
ell, of the Fifteenth District Court, ren
dered a proformo decision affirming the
validity of special assessments on stock
holders in insurance companies, levied to
make good tho capital impaired by the
Chicago losses.
The San Francisco Savings Bank con
tinue loaning on real estate at nine per cent.
INDIANA.
Ku Kluxers rolled.
Louisville, Nov. 3. Last night a mob
collected about the jail in Jefl'ersonville,
Ind., with the intention of lynching a negro
named John Washington, who had attemp
ted a rape on a little white girl,whose father
died from the excitement produced by the
outrage. The prisoner was slipped out the
backway, and conveyed to the State prison,
learning which tlie mob dispersed. This
morning tlie prisoner was taken to the jail
at Charlestown, Ind.
CINCINNATI.
The Sunday (luestlon in a New Phase.
Cincinnati, Nov. 3. Mayor Davis has
so modified tlie order regulating stock deal
ing on the Sabbath as to allow, for the pre
sent, stock to be driven through the street
on the Sabbath after 1 o'clock in the after
noon, but forbids trading or weighing.
A Wife Murderer.
B. F. Randolph, charged with murdering
his wife, attempted suicide iu the Delaware
county jail last night and then confessed
that ho murdered his wife by strangulation.
FOREIGN.
GKEAT BRITAIN.
The Price of Money.
LoviinT, nv Tlicic la general sur
prise tliat the Bank of England made no
change in its rate of interest at tlie meet
ing of the Governors yesterday. The cir
cumstance is attributed to tlie fact that a
loan is about to be placed on the market to
meet the American engagements of the
Airseng Serne financial failure. American
houses 'know nothing of tlie matter.
I.andsecr.
The distinguished painter, Sir Edwin
Landseer, is seriously ill.
FRANCE.
Algeria Pacined.
Pahis, Nov. 3. Advices from Toulouse
state that the disarmament of the National
Guard has been satisfactorily begun.
Intelligence lias been received of the en
tire suppression of the insurrection in Alge
ria. The natives are generally resuming
their labors.
ITALY.
Fortifying.
Tumx, Nov. 3. The Italian Govern
ment contemplates the fortification of the
Alpine at a cost of seven million francs.
A man sued a newspaper at Little Rock,
Ark., for a libel, claiming S30,000 damages,
and the jury awarded him one dollar.
Now, we suggest that some of the money
being raised for Chicago and the North
west be sent to this Little Rock editor, to
enable him to continue publishing his
paper. His heavy loss should be made up
somehow.
Geouge FitANCis Timx has caught a
Tartar in Joseph Brown, Mayor of St.
Louis. Train sent a magniloquent proposal
to lecture at St. Louis for the benefit of the
sufferers by the Chicago fire, to which
Brown replied that he did not care to hear
the lecture, but was ready to forward an
money he (Train) might wish to give.
The Grand Division of the Brotherhood
of Railroad Conductors are in session at
Qjaveland, O.
JACKSON.
West Tennessee Agricultural and Me
chanical Association Fair.
Second Say.
1 i
Ah Immense Crowd la Attendance
Works of Art: "A Thing of Beauty
Is a Joy Forever" A Xost Art Be-,
stor'ett Unlqne Specimens of the
Carver's Art "Tripping' oil tho IJght
Fantastic Toe."
To the Editors of the Union and American:
Jackson, Nov. 1, 1871 The weather
this morning was as disagreable as a win
ter's day. The wind blew chilly from the
.north, and the clouds hung low and looked
blue. Overcoats, shawls and fires were in
demand, and there was every indication that
the fair would be a failure. But the people
of Madison, invincible and not to be dis
appointed in their annual festival, came out
by the thousands, and by 12 o'clock the
amphitheatre was diock full of life and
beauty. Not only was the amphithea
tre filled, but groups of boys and
young men hnxious to improve
their fortunes and fill their purses,
were gathered about the thriving tables
wliere, for the pitiful sum of twenty-five
cents, ten dollars might be made. The side
shows were also crowded, and-the manwo
could swallow knives, eat tobacco, or pierce
ids arm witli a butcher knife, occupied a
more desirable place in the opinion of many
than Gen. Grant.
WORKS of art.
Floral Hall also was crowded, and fan
ladies, escorted by gallant gentlemen,
swarmed about the works of art and indus
try, making altogether a picture of life so
wanning, so fascinating and so cheering,
that your reporter almost forgot tliat there
was no wine, brandy or Robertson county on
exhibition. Among the entries in this de
partment since yesterday, is a collection of
oil paintings by Mrs. James Bright, among
which the Arkansas Traveller justly claims
the greatest attention, from visitors. Christ
entering Jerusalem, The Cavalcade, Re
turning Home at Eventide and a Fruit
Scene are also much admired and are pieees
of considerable merit, indicating a lilgn or
der of talent by the artist. The coloring is
excellent, light and shade and perspective
are perfect. Mrs. Dr. Nelson, of Bolivar,
the daughter of that excellent gentleman,
Dr. Wilkinson of Jackson, has on exhibi
tion specimens in portrait painting, show
ing the successive steps taken by a student
in learning that art. Beginning by painting
blocks, then arms and faces and ending by
painting from life the human form. The
arrangement is interesting and the execu
tion of the pieces excellent. This same esti
mable lady had specimens of work in port
ichemania beautiful beyond description.
In water coloring, embroidery, etc., she
equally excels, and in looking at specimens
of her liandicraft we did not know whether
more to admire the work or condemn the
public opinion that gives so little encour
agement to works of genius. Mrs. Nelson
still paints and with proper encouragement
would become a shining light among the
artists of the land.
Mi3s Lula Wert, 14 years of age, also
shows taste and talent in a fine drawing of
a little girl crossing a stream with her skirts
upraised and calling to her brother "Wait
for me'' that gives the name to the picture.
Her pencil drawing of flowers is also very
superior. But of all the persons exhibiting
iu the floral department Mrs. E. L. Andrew
shows the greatest versatility. Among otlier
objects of interest shown by her is a vase filled
with pressed flowers, the grasses among
wliich were plucked from the graves of the
Confederate dead turied in the garden at
tached to the Female Academy at Clarks
ville. Her wax work of fru't and nuts was
the most perfect we ever saw. Coloring,
shape, size and appearance were so natural
that we are sure birds would peck at them
were they placed in the open air. The rot
ten specks on the apples and pears served to
heighten the deception. Her method is to
take moulds of the fruits and then fill the
moulds with wax. She selects the finest
specimens of fmit. Tlie peach, for instance,
from wliich she took her model, bore off the
prize at tlie St. Louis Fair. A picture done
in chenille by this lady,is surpassingly beauti
ful. Her leather work, is also, showed great
skill, patience and taste, making things of
beauty from worn out articles. The em
broidery executed by this lady was also su
perior, and in closing our notice of the arti
cles she liad on exldbition, we untiesitating
ly say tliat her genius is as ver
satile and her taste as correct as can be
found anywhere. We feel proud of such
and it gives us pleasure to direct public at
tention to such merits as hers.
Mrs. Kate Miller showed apiece of tufted
work representing a parrot perched on a
wreath of flowers, which Is elegant.
COTTON BLANKETS.
An interesting and useful article recently
patented by a Georgian and for sale by
Dunaway, Anderson te Co., is a sample of
cotton blankets. These blankets are as soft
as lamb's wool and as beautiful as textile
fabrics can be made. The Aztecs liad an
art of wearing fabrics of cotton so beautifid,
so warm and so durable that the Spaniards
offered large sums to be acquainted with
the process of making such goods.
They refused to impart it and it
was thought to be a lost art, but this Geor
gian has re-discovered it, and hereafter we
may expect to see blankets as valuable in
every particular made from cotton as from
wool.
UNIQUE CAKVINO.
Mr. Phips Miller shows a "what-not"
carved from a piece of gum timber, in
wliich the shelf is supported by carvings
representing vines, and surmounting the
shelf and surrounded by carved vines is
a cross, iu tlie centre of which is a circle not
larger than a dime,in which space the Lord's
prayer is engraved. Tlie whole thing is in
imitable, unique and beautiful. Mr. Jo.
Caruthers also exhibited some very neatly
carved frames, leaves, representation of a
padlock, etc. Both these gentlemen are
highly gifted by nature.
LAISGE TCILVIP.s.
Of the agricultural products in the floral
department the turnips were surprisingly
excellent. We measured one tliat was
twenty-six inches in circumference, and the
others" in the basket would weigh equally
as much as this one. They surpassed any
thing of the kind we ever saw.
rlNE HOGS.
During the evening of tlie first day there
were many entries of hogs, which shows
the interest West Tennessee is taking in
such matters. Beikshire, Chester aud Po
land China were brought iu the ring, and
were the admiration of all lovers of the
porcine species. Dr. Stephens, of St. Louis,
bore off the premium for the best four over
one vear old. R. II. Taylor, of Haywood
county, got a premium for the best boar
under one year old, as well as the premium
for the best boar of any age. He also got
a premium for the best sow over one year
old, and John M. Withers, of Madison, for
the best sow under one year of age.
A MULE RACE.
The most exciting contest was a mule race,
in which there were five entries. The
whole amphitheatre roared and stamped as
they came around. The contest was close
between William Lancaster and Ben Ma
lone, the first beating by lialf a length.
A HOP.
At night the firemen gave a hop in Tom
lino Hall, and right merrily did tlie young
men and women go through the mazes of
tlie dance to a full volume of music. Tlie
blaze of light and jewels, the life, the gay
etv and tlie wave-like undulation of heads,
the revolving waltz aud interweaving of.
figures, all conspired to make the evening
one of peculiar and passionate pleasure to
the lover of the dance. We were especially
pleased with the dignified movements of
Major L., of Montgomery, who having
abandoned the dance some twenty years
ago, was induced to resume it
by the attractions lie met with
in Jackson, tlie city of magnificent
dances as well as of magnificent distances.
Tlie firemen left nothing undone to make
the occasion peculiarly pleasurable to stran
gers. Many members of the press were in
attendance.
THE STOCK.
The exhibition of stock to-day was not
as good as yesterday; at least such was the
case up to 2 o'clock. Of cattle there were
none brought in the ring. We judge by
this that Madison is not fond of savory
beef or rich butter. May she improve in
this particular.
THE ATTENDANCE.
At tho cloaing of this letter, 2 o'clock,
ETJLSTS,
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
WE ABE NOW IN RECEIPT OF A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
FOB THE FAIX TRADE,
TO 'WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
septs 3ra
THE! IMPERIAL
LONDON.
,rm .1,
Assets $8,000,000 Gold.
UI31MPAIRBD BY
AND
AIL LIABLE FOR AMERICAN FIRE LOSSES.
LOSSES AT CHICAGO $125,000,
BEtXO DEVOTED EXCLUSIVELY TO
INSURANCE AGAINST FIRE,
SHE HAS NO LIFE LIABILITIES,
Hence site offers greater security than any Company in America.
POLICIES
PROMPTLY ISSUED. LOSSES ADJUSTED AltD
PAID AT THIS OFFICE AT OlfCE.
oc23 lw f p lBtp
S. B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS A! COTTON FACTORS
DEALERS Ilf FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
UASECVIIiIiE, TE3CTW.
Eas
;ing and Ties Famished
Exclusive Agents for the sale of Manning's 'Whisky and Annis Sheetings.
ocl3m gp
GILBERT, PARKES CO.,
GROCERS ANlT COMsflSSIoF llBRCBAiVTi
JTos. 57 and 59 South College Street,
B
EIKO LOCATED JtT THE LARGE NEW WAREHOUSE FORMERLY OCCUPIED BY
i GEO. C. A 1. 1. F.N fc CO.. and havinir increased facilities for Ilandllnz Cotton and
other Produce, we hope, with renewed enoru,
heretofore bestowed upon us.
Bajgingf and Tics Furnished and Advancements made on Consignments.
AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED CARVER COTTON GINS.
auglS eod till nov9
there were fully three thousand per
sons on the grounds all the business houses
having been dosed. Dr. Cox, of the Plain
Dealer has been rendering special lavors
and great courtesies to your reporter, aud
we lave to return thanks again to Kobt.
Gates, Secretary Green, and others. Of
tho Secretary it may be said that his energy
is equal to his will, aud that his will is in
vincible. He has never from the inception
of the work entertained any idea of failure
and the attendance to-day shows tliat his
success lias been commensurate with his
efforts. Would that Tennessee liad a mil
lion such men. ilonc To-morkow.
THE FAHR AT IITOXHOLUT.
To the Editors of the Union and American
The Third Annual Fair of the Tennes
see and Kentucky Agricultural, Meclianical
and Horticultural Association, opened at
Humboldt on the 24th under the most bril
liant auspices, anJ closed to-day, the 28th,
with ajarge atttendance.
This, tlie closing day, was the most in
teresting of the week, though the pro
gramme during each day was very interest-
lug. Tv-JwjV t.lllUlllOUUJICIlCTl niui ueiU I
products,in which Mr. J. D. Ceaves.of Fay
ette county, took the premium'for the best
bale of cotton. Tlie imuo siock was very
fine; ilr. S. G. Cooper carried off the pre
mium for the bast pair of mules and for
the best mule three years old and over.
The Jacks and Jennelts would have been
liard to lieat in any ring.
The trotting and pacing races created
some excitement with the stock, men.
The drawing gotten up by the association
came off in the evening of the last day.
There were over nine hundred tickets sold.
Tlie capital prize of one hundred dollars
was drawn by a negro named Allen Sliane.
His ticket was No. 340.
The equestrianship by young men was
exciting, with many contestants for the
boquet, wliich was ridden for. J. R. ncad,
of Brownsville, was the successful competi
tor and carried off the premium.
Tlie Trenton Silver Cornet Band was iu
attendance during the week, which added
largely to the interest of the occasion.
The Fair wast a success, and all went
home well pleased with the management of
tho exhibition and the courtesies of the
officers.
The Dunlap House, at Humboldt, was
liberally patronized during the week. It
was filled from top to bottom, and a good
square meal provided for everyone that
placed himsalf under the care of our friends
Messrs. Judge B. E. Dunlap, formerly of
Paris, Tenn., and S.M.Jones, late of Xash
ville, Tenn., who will accept the thanks of the
representative of the UJfiON and Americax
Ak enterprising and sympathizing boot
black of the city of Oakland, California,
hung out a sign one morning announcing
that the proceeds of his business for that
day should be given to the Oakland fund
for the Chicago sufferers. He was besieged
from early to iato by the dust-covered hu
manity, and took in $25.
Doxay, France, has sold its guillotine.
A large number of spectators were present
a this singular auction. A captain In the
National Guard bought the knife for about
1.25. and the wood work was knocked
down at $6, Both are for a London mu-
1
FOBim CO.
DEALERS IN
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
FIRE INS. CO.
RECENT FIRES
PAID WITHOUT DISCOUNT.
W. O. NELSON, Agent,
12 Maxwell House, Nashville.
J. M. SPURLOCK.
and Liberal Advances made.
tj m;rlt a continuation or tuu liberal patronage
Ileal Estate Transfer.
The following transfers in real estate were
recorded at the office of the County Court
Clerk for the week ending Friday, tlie :'d
inst:
N. Baxter, C. M., to Ellen M.
Richardson, deed to land on
College street S 841 00
John Brown to S. V. Cole, deed
to land on Jefferson street 84100
Aaron Stretch to Claries W. An
derson, deed to land in Gow
dey'sl'lan 1,25 00
Irby Morgan to Truetta Son
Morgan, deed to land in the 18th
district B,r00 00
James Haslam to SopliiaM.Swin
son, deed to land in Harding's
Addition 175 00
Martlia Sanders to L. A. Old, deed
land iu the 3d district 570 00
L. A. Old to Martlia J. Sanders,
deed to land in the 3d district.. 778 00
Planters' Bank to Mrs. M. S.
Hampton, deed to house ami
lot In Cleveland 1,S00 00
J. M. Murrell to L. i. Mviipfc ,u,
deeu to ianu in the fith district. 1,000 00
E. P. Benton to Wm. Portendeed
to hud In Texas 4,000 00
S. Abrams to Harris Abrauis,deed
to land in the atkms plan. i.0 00
W. R. narding to It. P. Parrish,
deeu to laud iu Uavidson z- w
Caroline V. Reynolds to Julius
Martin, deed to lot m Harding's
plan 125 00
G. W. Harding to John L. Smith,
deed to land in Davidson 700 00
X. Baxter, C. and M., to Thos.
Chadwell and A. YV. Johnson,
jr., deed to land on. College and
Market streets 0,300 00
John Lumsden to David Hughes,
deed to land in l.umsden's ad
dition m 00
John L. Brown to Edmund Clark,
deed to land in Claiborne s ad
dition 145 00
A. E. McLaugidin to R. R. Pow
ers, deed to land in the 5th dis
trict 750 00
Nashville and Chattanooga Rail
road Company to li. 1. Uana
way, deed to land in Franklin
county 2,62 00
J. H. Jackson to Faris Cautrell,
deed to land on the Brick
Church place 100 00
John McGavock to Sarah A. Mc-
Gavock, deed of gut to 40 acres
in homestead place
Same to John E. McGintry, deed
of gift to 80 acres in home
stead place
Same to Cynthia T. MeFerrin,
deed of gift to 14 acres on the
Lishy pike
John Partain to Henry B. Old,
deed to land iu Davidson 500 00
The Stanton Railroad Cose.
The bankruptcy case of the Alabama a nd
Cliattanooga Railroad was before Judge
Trigg of the Federal Court yesterday. The
pending motion is to dismiss the bankruptcy
proceedings against the road begun in this
State, because similar proceedings liad pre
viously been instituted before Judge Bus
teadof the Federal Court of Alabama by
other creditors. Judge Trigg will deliver
the opinion of the court this morning.
i OF'
Mea's ami Boys' k&iig
AND
FBMISBINa GOODS,
34 ftorth Summer Street,
(SUB C5I8S.)
Business Suits,
Dress Suits,
The Promenade Suit,
The Pea Jacket Suit,
The JTetcmarket Suit,
Dress Coats,
Frock Coats,
Jlornlng- Coats,
Evening1 Ceetts,
ELEGANT LINES OP
English and French Casslnere
and Black Doeskin
.STYLISH CUT AND MADE EQUAJL TO
AXY CUSTOM WORK.
Fall Overcoats!
IX GREAT VAKIETT.
BOYS' WE AH!
Hoys' School Sttits,
Boys' Dress Sttits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's Suits, three years and
upward.
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Suits.
SlEOtTS! SHIRTS!!
Dress and Business Shirts,
Sheviot Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, TRIMS, TRAVEIM BASS.
34 Uortb. Summer St.
fep-26tilljan3,T2sp lstp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Soirfhivest, than ever before,
which toe will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
L0 WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is call
ed to our Neiu Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cJieapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIVAB H.C00EE&C,,
NASHVltXE, TENN.
II. OOOICE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warei-ooms No. 70 Public
Square.
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
IS PREPARED TO TUBN OCT
JOB PRINTING-
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION",
In the Most Satisfactory Style, upon
Brier Xotlce, at tho low
est Bates.
OUR OFFICE, Ef ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
THE MOST COMPLETE I THE SOUTH.
;a:
HPECIAL ATTESTIOIf
is avna to
ORDERS FROM THE COUNTRY.
OITB CS A TBIAX.