UO'V O'.. WME.
Von knov ni,
i 'anoint; little Annie;
Healthy m; little, jolly litt’o Annie!
-ae wi-i rev, yon, any day,
T T yi the river far away,
Wivnins easy, f should nay—
Clever little Annie.
Tak he. 1, Annie,
Paring little \nnto;
rli -s little, tliongiitiei-e little, fearless Vttl AuT.
W a.o ul ee the river tl.r *n li,
Tli. r -i e dei ps and shall v, t- a,
ivrjlous alike to you—
tielple a little Nude.
How on, Annie,
iTetty little Annie
t
In a taut and trim two pair
I with tli<-e would gladly share
Joy and si rrow, mirtli and are
iiown lit- V river, Annie.
Ensti*h Magazine.
tiik mamhuja ivaii.
i limn w willi <Mr (Jrcal Fenian
la iiih r li. o’\e ill lit I*ii isl.
From the St. Paul Pioneer of Thnr lay.
lii order to obtain further particu
lars in regard to the late raid of (-Jen.
O'Neill and party into Her .Majesty's
•1 millions, and if possible, ascert in
the origin of the movement, a reporter
oi the Press was instructed to proceed
no the Pacific road, and secure the in
'.Tnation desired from some of the,
chief actors, who were known
t i be on their way down. j
After proceeding as far as Dar-
v,in, the direction was changed, and
upon the arrival of tin'train from Her
mann, it was ascertained that General
Neill was on board, destined for St.
Haul, to take the consequ nces of his;
a.-Hons, whatever they might be The
head of tlie raiding force into Manito
ba was easily found, and though can-
lions in making his statements, he did
not seem to msuufe t any ma a.-iness as
to the result of any investigation which
may be had. The General’ personal
appearance is decidedly in his fa
v< r, and it would be difficult for the
most imaginative person to select the
i] deb portly, gentlemanly man, whose*
sandy Lair is just beginning to show j
ihe lighter shades of forty winters, ;e
the head and front of a raid which has
set the people of an entire provhme
into unusual eommoti ui, n T caused an
id most general levy upon the “able
bodied” within its limits.
Not A FEXIAN DEMONSTRATION*.
In answer to inquiries eoncernii the
cause or beginning of the movemei-.t,
(d.-n. t >‘N- all replied s distant T.by that
while he i id not feel at ii a .ts to reveal
ii origin or management, or present
d< signs of himself or other lie had no
hesitation in saying that it was not u
belli tin project in any shape or form,
mid in this regard the expedition had 1
been misropivs ated. lie had not been
hleutilied with any Fenian rgau
ir.dion for some months, and
there was not a member of led
■eh ty comieete] with the move-;
•ent. There were mechanics of every'
kind likely to be of service in anew!
country; lad to all insinuation,. r in
i .is dions that it had a Fenian side, the
id ueial m; k s prompt and decide I ob
jection. H further contend- that the
movement can not properly be classed
a lostiraid, or attempted inva
di n. In fact, he appears unconscious
of any violation of the United States
<"uraTs T*) con. wo: axon’s rorir'iE.
‘.’‘idle naturally indignant at what
he terms “Colonel Wheaton’s over
('.dons die dre to apprehe; 5 Aiueiie.-m
eiti/.eus on Canadian soil,” he n-rer
ti.adess speaks in high terms of the.
courtesies extended, and kind tveat
"it of himself and associates aft r
dieir capture, and up to the time of j
tiieirreio ise by the g o, rmueiit officials
a.; i’euibiiui.
Ills command was bod, upon and CM.
Wheaton's orders after it wis upon
i’ mulian soil, sad h a stout; v insists

e a, utrulitv laws. Colonel \V. lion Id
1 res] I
\e erica;* territory they lain men
i!;js yoi any overt aeb and i the
ports that si pari ot his e -..'■a-ad had
inhibited a Fenian or <.;i strange
•1 ig were ills i" p Tide l
lion in fact.
The (ieiier.ll does not receive the
telements aim and ii e running,” dm,
•xhiic She members of the expedition
were trying to in ;ke their escape from
I S. soldier.’, in the kindest spirit
im g nmbic. Host testhat the in most
care luid been used at every step of
their proceedings to avoid everything
which bore even a re-emblance to vio
hatiun ef the Unit. 1 Stati s laws. C Is.
Carlev. Donnelly and himself ha
more active service than that
the “"Manitoba campaign,
and had Colonel Wheaton
appeared in 1 ■proper uniform, that
n Brili. h officer, the General is con
fident that there would have bemi km li
xtrav.i'it statements ul .it r inning
i'v:i v, or re *ords of tiio un a and uiuni
!ou; of war captured on Canadian soil.
Having worn the blue, they respected
if then. and will at all limes, no matter
y hat the consequences may be t them
e lves, lb* claims that (.fob Wheaton
passed over the line which
had heretofore been recognized
b;. both gov rnments as tin'
boundary, and that the arrest vee
Ks.aie on Canadian soil, where that offi
cer had no right to be, and where he
appeared and apprehended without .ai
therity. But, even eoneediug that he
had a right to “invade under arms, he
was not qualified to a m. the author
ity "and functions of I 'cited States
bs. Attorney, as he is s. and to iiave
done at the examination at IVmbiua.
before the government anthorita
Tut; Disi’FTKD Ti:nr.TTonv.
Tt e dlsjmted territory is a little ov*
h'd 'd feet in width, and from the state
ments of (.ten. O'Neill it appears as if
the Unit 'd States had never claum it,
t and the completion of a survey m le
C ot. Hn p, U. S, iagi’eer. ii and
understood that no formal claim has
been m i 'by the United States gov
nine! (no to the pre- >i tiui
what in: iNTKxns to no.
When asked what he intend'd to do
at iew of his probable arrest when he
arrivtd at S and. (ten. O’N ill re
plied that he entertained no fear in
regard to tlie results of the triad, as he
was confident that he had vh.la.u 1 no
1 .w.> of his adopted eonmry. He dot
cot wish to evade any proe-: and
which may be institute I ag.d n
n h gr- nnds, but is entirely i ;to
t rit and. and jat tlie eo
t I'nd Avill settle at Si. i ah ii.' had
bnight and bled for the United Seng".
?rovi rumont. and he do n not now ro-
I’ohc to leave it, aving fairly can -evl
the right to live upon its foil,
KVUU Nm; A r THK Tl’.l A
The cvi.icnce at the. trial b.eforo the
T nifed State-, C. mm' -.or, it t\ dd
na, failed to show a--a vi-f.-a >n ol tin
neutrality laws, ami the det., a; ms
were reles-ed, Hem bmeg no

t?n m ov*-r for appearai t e
I idled States lourts.
now T’ir eoncF is' ow T>r. u,
Cep, 1 I’Neill state t
ta h. Ito the e,j
tiled on tu;*i -oi uiu m
I 'ovment at !d nnbin.n t• g.
and Donnelly remained at Pembina.
Col. C utley came down to Morehead to
k emjdoyment ou the Northern Pa
cific road, an I the General’s history is
given herewith. He left Fort Pembina
on Wedncpday last and arrived at Mor
ns on Saturday ev< ning, snending the
Sabbath at that point.
THE NFMTSEU ENGAOEI).
In reg- ird to the number of men ae
tnaTy under his control, tin* General
does not seem to be very eoinmunica
t but lie intimates tiiat if Cot.
V\ hoaton bad not upjieared on the
mud with soldiers of the United
Stales, it would have been a nioiu im
portant aihiir than the one which has
now become a portion of the history of
Manitoba.
HIE ORIGIN OF THE MOVEMENT,
u id the real cause of their appearance
ou British oil cannot be made public
and pre ent. Under this condition of
tilings, the leaders expect to be misrep
-nted, as a matter of course. This
is regarded os unavoidable. Citizens
<t Pembina, not with the expedition,
speak in highest terms of the conduct
of the leaders at the trial and before,
and r reports are of such character
a t.i win respect for the misguided,de
ceived or defeated forces. The only
direct answer which could be ob
t; ned from Gen. O'Neill, under
th heading, was: that he sympathized
with all pi opl s struggling for their in
■l peuden-* and particularly so when
they are ihui !i subjects and desire to
lutl irity.
11l services, whatever they may be
rth, are always subject to the com
u.ands of sucli a people. This is be
li'-ved to be the key of Gen. O'Neill’s
recent programme, as he evidently re
gards it as the spirit of the American
people.
oT-onoiiff. and the horse.
The si.dement that O'Donohue had
knocked :i man from his horse, and
then rode it away from the scene of
He
accompanied Gen. O'Neill to the river,
erosse it i a canoe and was afterwards
cap.tim and by a detachment of French
half-breed*, about seven miles beyond
the Hudson Buy Fort but at the time
he w'u not mounted on the mythical
horse.
1) iiii a (front Billiard Player.
Michael Phelan, whose name as a bil
liard player T familiar wherever the
Idi di-h to. si, i.< spoken, died on Hat
thi h uce, on
Wi t Twenty-third street. Some
months ago his yacht was run down in
the bay and lie was thrown into the
water, sustaining a sin ck from which
he did not afterward recover. About
-hit v, eks ago, however, he was con
-Ito hi room for the first time.
iin I v 16.
Ho came to this country when but
u years ofay e,aud subsequently xvas
apprenticed to a silversmith. He soon
became interested in the game of bil
liards anil took charge of a room on
Broadway, near Wall street. In a
short fin -a young Phelan was regarded
ns the best player in New
York, and his fame even
extended to Europe. In later years he
k -pt billiard rooms at 310 Broadway,
in Burton’s old theatre on Chambers
ei. and at the corner of Broadway
and Tenth street. In each of these
places he accumulated considerable
a. /.my, and did much to popularize
and e.evab- this fascinating game to its
••■-I ut st nd ird During the past few
ye- rs he has given his sole attention to
m I’luricture of billiard tables, un
tln thin of Phelan .v illender.
Asa billiard expert, Phelan was once
eider io the world; but among
lore ye il-tiul competitors, during
t post eight or ten years, he had
-ue to or -upy but a second-rate posi
t His funeral will take place to
day. fr in No. T ’s West Twentv-third
sP-.-rt.
I',!.
aer, St
publishes the following letter from
King S. WooL-cv, dated A gnu Caliente,
Sept 17:
m sit tier:; on tlio Lower Gild are
I v< 1 i by Me and can outlaws from
•-.-i with impunity, settlements
bed, and horses, cattle and citizens
hiiled on American soil. Government
r on should b< extended to put
i end to this guerrilla war. Hundreds
T x s cattle have been stolen from
drovers coming this route tuis spring
and summer. Four whites and seven
M. xi vus have been murdered .a the
months, thou I
v w. rth of ]>r< :>erty lost.
V*. inma .Martinez,a noted bandit,
v. Ua arty of Mexicans, ran off about
12d heed of Texas cattle on the Kith of
Angu t, and boldly headed for Califor
nia. Light days after a party started
in pursuit, and captured Martinez and
two of his band. Martinez escaped,
but in doing so was wounded. The
M
cm not a white man shall be left alive
Gala eaceably disp< tsed Mox
ieans are anxious to leave. Since my
a vent into the territory, eleven years
ago, I never felt life and property so
ng< red by Apaches as they are by
AI. xicans at present on the Lower
Gila. -1
Pimchayet.
The Hindoo system of the Punchayet
is thus described It is a tribunal “as
old as the hills," which every village
em I■; with excellent r< salts.
The word signified “the council of
iive." and it represents an ancient and
established court of arbitration.
V,hem*vcr a dispute arises among the
Lai. n the contending parties refer it
to toe Punehayet. Lack chooses two i
ju In and the four thus constituted
select a fifth, who presides. The cir
cumstances of the case are then laid
lore the village council and a Judg
ment is pronounced, which is almost
'lately equitable,and almost always 1
c! ecrfnlly accepted. He who appeals
froi; tie* 1 iinchayet defies the public
opinion of his community, and gener
ally finds himself in the wrong. It is
a system which has, for countless gen
erat'Orn in India, prevented a world of
v tailed and costly litigation.
A ale Transportation.
1": e Swms rimes reports that n native
of Fribourg presented himself a few
days ago at the window of the post
a.-’c Lausanne, and asked for an
order of one hundred francs. The clerk
at the following usual questions to
.in Who is the sender “Jacques
“lieu.” What is the name of the
payee;" “Jacques Mathieu, post
i< si:.nte at Estftvayer?” “Is he your
•ot i," “X>,it is myself. “Do
y >u mean to say that you are sending
postoflice order to yourself at Lstava
yt “Yes, I am going there.”
Hut why can't j take it yourself
A 1 there is," said the simple fel
“yon see, I know myself, and if
v io to ke tin money with me, the
i 'ohaliility is that it would never reach
vayer. lido, by '-endi' 1 it through
postoffi ‘o. shall and sure find it
i pen my arrival, win re Ish reunite
Curious, Useliii and Scientific.
WEIGHTS AND AGES.
Somebody who has been “studying
our weights,” reports that upon an av
erage, boys at birth weigh a little more
and girls a little less than six pounds
and a half. For the first two years
the two sexes continue nearly equal in
weight, but beyond that time males
acquire a decided prepondonee. Thus
young men of 20 average 113 pounds
each while the young women of 20 av
erage 120 pounds. Men reach their
heaviest bulk at about 35, when they
average about 152 pounds but women
slowly increase in weight until fifty,
when their average is about 129 pounds
Hiking men and women together, their
weight at full growth averages about
twenty times as heavy as they were out ho
first day of their existence. A fen
range from 108 to 220 pounds, and
women from 88 to 207 pounds. The
actual weight of human nature, taking
the averages of all ages and conditions
—nobles, clergy, tinkers, tailors, maid
ens, boys, girls and babies all included
is very nearly one hundred pounds.
These figures are given in uvordupois
weight; but the advocates of the stipe
riority of woman might make a nice
point by introducing tin* rule that
women be weighed by Troy weight—
like other jewels—ami men by avoirdu
pois, The figures will then stand
young men of 20, 113 pounds; young
women of 20, 100 pounds.
A WONDERFUL FEV.
An intellectual fly inhabiting a bar
room in Omaha is -redded with such
wonderful abilities that nothing is!
thought of a man’s going to see his
performance. The account given by
the bar keeper is, that his attention
was first attracted to tins prodigy from
the fact that all the other flies Hew
away when this fly saw tit to regale I
himself at the cheese dish, which is to
be found at the end of every well-reg
ulated bar. Waiting humbly until this
superior being bad dined, the other
liii's would then dart voraciously on the
dish from which they had before rev- 1
erentiully abstained. Having caught him
the bar-keeper tr -died him iu an hour
each day. Once he fugitived, but the
next day returned. Having been in
terviewed by a reporter, this is what
the fly did: Being ordered to brush
liis head, he rubbed it vigorously with
his fore legs, and then waited the next
comm an J. “Shoulder arms,’’ cried the
barkeeper, and Air. Fly promptly raised
his left fore leg straight up in the air.
Then he walked lame on his left fore
leg, then on all legs, then stepped up
on a eotlee grain and stood ther* on his
hind legs, and so on and so on.
THE KINGS OF SATURN,
Lieutenant Davis has written a curi
ous book on the subject of astronomy,
iu which, after arriving at the conclu
sion that Saturn’s rings originated
from an encounter of the planet with a
group of meteors, he attempts to ap
proximate to the period of their forma
tion. He considers that the Saturnian
meteors aim those now composing the
zodiacal light, entered the solar sys
tem together at a period considerably
anterior to the earth's early fluid state.
From w hat is regarded as very vague
conclusions, based on the period during
which life is supposed to have existed
on our globe, lie infers that the form
ation of Saturn’s meteoric lings has oc
curred not much more recently than
two millions of years ago, and proba
bly at a date not very much more re
mote than three millions of years.”
1. uly s<m< hat wid margin I
The same somewhat imaginative as
tronomer considers tiiat the earth's
original fluid state was probably owing
to n meteoric storm, on® to the entry of
meteors into the solar system. He
further regards the source of energy
from which solar heat N derived as be
ing undoubtedly meteoric, and consid
ers that the solar spots result from the
absence of meteoric streams falling :u T
to tin® sun iu those localities; the pe
riodicity of these spots being accounted
for by a periodicity of meteoric show
ers.
AURORA BY DAYLIGHT.
The question whether the Aurora
Borealis is ever visible by daylight, has
been discussed with considerable ani
mation in England Ur some time past,
the negative contestants asserting that
tin* so-called daylight auroras have in
every instance been due to cloud for
mations, or some like cause. The dis
pute may now probably be considered
as finally settled for a writer in Na
ture states that he lately had a conver
sation with a distinguished magnetic
inn and Arctic explorer, who said that
he had often seen the Aurora in broad
d(',i/fi(/ld in the Polar regions, and al
ways of a crimson hue.
CORRECT TIME-KEEPING.
An instrument, bearing tbe name of
chronopher, has been adopted in Eng
land to furnish the correct time. It is
in direct communication with the
Greenwich Observatory and with six
teen of the principal cities of the king-
dom, and precisely at 10 o’cl ck a. m. j
the hour is flashed not only to those
stations, but to every post office in the i
country, so that nil time is regulated
to the twentieth part of -a second.
Time guns are tired every day at 1. p.
M. at Newcastle and Shields by the bat
teries connected ■with the chronopher,
and all the prominent watch makers in
Loudon receive the exact sound every i
In nr from the same instrument.
THE ANIMAL CREATION.
The number of species of animals
known to be now living is thus given hy
Mr. Bentkam: The number of mam
malia is estimated at between 2,000 and
B,OuU species; birds at about 10,000;
reptiles and amphibians, under 2, '<o;
fishes at about 10,000 insects at above
100,000; Crustacea and araclmida, rath
er above 10,000; moiusca, about2o,ooo:
worms, radiate s, sponges and infusoria,
under 6,000; while there is about 100,-
000 specimens of plants.
Coin of Two Centuries Ago.
The Annapolis (Mel.) Republican j
gives the following description of an
<del coin recently fonuel in that place:
On the face*, in the outer circle, is t lie*
word “Masathusetts,’’ and three half
d.-stroyed letters, one resembling “M
in the inner circle a leafless tree, with
partly visible roots. On the reverse,
the outer circle bears the words, New
England, An. Dom. in the center
are the figures 1652.” This ancient
silver coin is about the size of an old
English shilling the ed.ee of (lie rim
is worn in three places about the six
teenth part of an inch, and with this
exception it is in a fine state of preserv
a ion, which fact gives weight to the
supposition that it had been coined
but a brief time previous to its loss nr
burial.
Tin: handsome mansion of the late
Benjamin Nathan, in Twenty-third
street, near Fifth avenue. New York,
one of the most desirable as to kind
and locality in the city, has never been
occupied since the dreadful murder.
It is sml that ito good tenant can be
t end, and that the dwelling, which
v, is worth probably *lO.OOO a- ear,
could not be rente* 1 to-day for halt that
turn.
1
(SoeieljN Customs in Sun Francisco.
From the N. Y. Post.
Many of the social customs in San
Francisco are peculiar. A lady writes
to the Chronicle of that city to eoiu
-1 plain that at social gatherings the men
j all got intoxicated, and are therefore
I unlit company for the opposite sex.
I Whereupon that journal cites it as a
well known fact that in what is termed
the best society, at parties and balls
given at private houses, there is a room
I sot apart for gentlemen, whore brandy
and champagne iluw in abundance, and
I where the visitors may engage in t
monte,” and “draw poker, for uu-
1 limited amounts of money. This re-1
veals a rather bad state of things nor
is it certain that these San Francisco
revelers are without imitators in New
York. It is not for journalists, how
ever, but for the ladies themselves to
i devise and apply the remedy.
For IS*pepsin.
Indigestion, depression ol spirits, and
i general debility in their various forms; 1
also, as a preventive against fever and
1 ague, and other intermittent fevers, (he
Ferro-Phosphorated Elixir of Cali
suva,” made by Caswell, Hazard Cos.,
New York, ami sold by all druggists, is
the best tonic, and as a tonic for pa
tients recovering from fever or other
sickness, it has no equal.
In the Gkeat Fine of Chicago the
kittle Corporal Publishing House was destroy
ed with all its contents hut the gallant lit tlo
Juvenile still lives. The November number
was all ready for the press and partly printed.
The December number will be issued early in
November, ami will bo extra large, containing
about double the usual number of pages, ami
will be sent kee to all new subscribers for
1872. Terms, £1.50 a year.
John E. Milieu, Publisher,
Chicago.
The British Consul at Koine, in a re
cent official reports, attributes the tine
quality ot the Italian voice to the cus
tom prevalent among mothers in tin*
Eternal City, <>f hitching their swaddled
babies up to a nail and leaving the dar
lings to squall by the hour to their
hearts'content, “which continual act
of crying,” gravely expl .ins that CVn
sul, “forms vocal organs m an extraor
dinary way.” We should think it pos
sible.
Fevers seldom make an attack with
out warning; and may often bo thrown off
by soaking the fe*t in warm water, wrapping
up warm in bed, and taking two or three of
Parsons' J’urgatire Pills.'’
A [Missionary just returned, says he
regards ‘‘Johnson's Atindi/n Liniment" as be
yond ail price, and efficacious beyond any oth
er medicine. It is adapted to a great variety
of special cases, and is the best pain killer in
the world.
Fain in the Stomach and Bowels,
Constipation, Hick-Headache, Cramps, Colic,
Cholera Morbus and Distress after Eating, are
surely cured by the use of Cos's Dyspepsia
I Ccin-:. It is certainly the greatest remedy m
existence. For sale by druggists everywhere.
Ready for Customers. —11. W.
J. M. Wetherell have located, since the tire,
at :IG‘J Wabash avenue, Chicago, ana can now
furnish their customers anew and complete
stock of Millinery goods.
The happiness of a family which a
life policy secures is beyond alFprice.
Take out one for your family in the
Washington.
Dividends can be used to keep poli
cies in force in The Mutual Life of
Chicago.
A trifle of six million dollars has
been left by a deceased Scotch relative
fctt a citizen of Marshaltown, lowa.
Read the card of Messrs. Bliss,
K**>ne A Cos., sole importers of undurango.

FINANCIAL.
I V EST .11EXT SECU KITIES.
-Jay Cookk. i Go. art> now wiling, and recommend
as a piofltable ami safe investment for all classes,
the First M"rtgage 7-30 Gold bonds fth N rth
ern Pacific Railr id Company, bearing Seven and
Three-Tenths jsr cent, gold interest (more than S
per cent, currency), and secured by first and only
molt gage on the entire road and equipments, and
than 33,04 0 Aon
of trick, or 500 Acres of Laud to each ll,bond,
j The highest current price will be jtaid for U.S. Five-
Twenties, md all other marketable securities re
ceived in exchange. Pamphlets, maps, and full
information, as well as the bonds themselves, will be
furnished on application by Jay Cooke J: Cos., Phila
delphia, New York, and Washington, and by most
Banks end Bankers throughout the country.
THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK.
Bf.ki<’ Cattle—Fair to Prime 7 I*o n£l2 ii
H rK Live
SHEEP—Fair to Prime 4 Wl 6 nil
Col i■ in Middling
110 Spring Extra 7 1
Whkat ."No. Spring 1 54 in- 1 56
Corn-Western Mixed 74 V® ;6
II %i a Western 61
Ryk—Western
Barm y <a 7a
Pork—Mess d3 r
Lard 5* i.4 10
CIIICACH
Bi;E v -Choice 600 (5 625
Prime 5 25 ijs 575
Pair Grades 4 50 i® 5 on
Medium 4 00 4 50
Stock C*rru.-Oommnn 3 35 m 4 no
Inferior 2 50 i® S 35
Hoof)—Live 4 00 <e 4 25
Shi i!• Live i .00.1 to Ibolce
Butter —Choice 15 5'
Koiih—Fresh 17 (oi _ 2-1
Flour- -White Winter Kxtra 025 7 00
Spring Extra 5 50 *5 7 20
Whkat—Spring, No. I
No. 3 fit 1 ifi 4
Cons—No. 2 1® 4s.^
Oats—No. 2 28
Kvi.-No. 2 55
Baulky—No. 2
Pork- Mess,New 13 Oil
Laud t® 9
CINCINNATI
BEEF CATTLE 3 50 I® 6 50
Hons—Live 4 00 i® 4 50
Shkkp—Live 390 5 W
Fi,otm—Family 640 1® 0 60
Whkat-Red No. 2 138 i® 1 4
Corn 42 58
Oats 35 37
B 1 70
Baulky 80 95
PORK-Meii (<>l2 50
Laud 9 9 B
ST. LOUIS.
BixvCattu ilce $6 00
Good to Prime 4 (ill in' 4 50
HofiS —Live 4 18) I® 4 25
SHEEP—-Good to Choice 3 IKI i® 8 no
I'l.OTH —Spring XX 5 18) in 6.50
HKAT —No. 2 red <0 141
Corn (a
I ATS 34
Ryk "7 72
Baulky
Pork—Mess '513 00
Lard 9 t® lo
MILWAUKEE.
llKK.vv.B- Choice 5 50 in' 1 00
Prime 5 00 in 5 60
Fair Grades 4 75 in' 5 00
Medium 4 25 I® 4 75
I STOCK CATTLE Common 350 in I -’5
Inferior 2 50 t® 3 25
Hogs—Live 3 80 i® 4 25
l Shkkp Lir Cnod to Choice 250 in 4 50
I HiTTTKß—Choice 16 in 21
’tnos—Fresh 2tl <n 21
Flour White Winter Extra 7 (HI (n 7 i
Spring Extra 590 in 6 50
I Whkat Spring. No. 1
No. 2 '5 1 18
Cork—New 46^
Oats—No. 2 <5. 29V
Ryk. No. 2 59
Uarlkv— Good i* 66
Pork—Mesa 13 00 in 13 50
WIJLI,. M CARIEXON
AUTHOR OF
“Betsey and X arc Out,”
EDITS AND WRI FES FOR
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
I File Best Family Newspaper in the Country. S>i a
,r. send tor specimen cony and dull circular.
dress, THU TUI HIM’. Detroit, Midi.
mi r% If line Package of Pnor. I.KOS’ M AGIO
|U] V f Compound. will instantly Curt the
|i|jn j 1 straightest hair of either se.\, wilh-
VUI S tw B r u mjnry into wavy ringlets or
a navy, massive Curls in every case, or money re 1 unded.
Price. 25 cents per package, I">s'-paid, or 5 lor 50 cents.
Addr F. HOLBKi OK, Uxbridge, Mass.
Hi S, Shot-Guns, Revolvers. Gun Materials of
everv kind. Write for a Price List, to Great West
ern Gun Winks, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns and
Revolvers bought, or traded tor. Agents wanted
W \T4TI FREE, to Agents, to introduce an
1 article tha* sell-, in c\ r. lions,.. Addre- S
j 4• 11.1 II.AND. Pittsbusgli. Pa.
\U AN IFI) AG I NTS I' -lore, male and
1 1 tenia i-; ssn w-t week, p •lUianenTly \ddres .1.
HENRY SVMONDS, 4 Liberty s,| Boston
S>( Xi x for first-clas -Pi oa trial No
tw* P ag ■n 1 1 8.1 ’I a Eft 11 s’ wa v
si to *2 A MONTH! Horse and carriage tu. id
1 -J- F.xpec -e* paid. HRSH A W, Alfred. .1
Special Unices.
O r, n
q -i -f m v
1840- —TO ——ISTI
FOR THIRTY-ONE YEARS
PERRY DAViS’
PAIN-KILLER
Ibi- been teste I in wry variety of climate, and by a I
most every nation known to Americana. It is the ul
most e.instant coiiiii.iiitun an I inestimable friend of
the missionary slid the traveler, oa sea and land, and i
no one should travel o.i our LAKES UR RIVERS
w i mou ii r.
CAIN-k IM.I’K was the First and is tho I
Only IVriiiancut I'liin-lielievt r.
Since flit? I‘.V!N K!!jL!’.Pi, w.h first introduced, and
n ct with such nnHurpaHscd tjalo, many Liniment Pan- 1
'-i h and “thcr remedies have been offered to i lie pub-
hi', but not one of them (o t-ver attained (he truh
tsviAULiiMTANDiNa of ihe P UN KILLI'K.
Why is This So?
It is because DA VIS PAIN-KILLER is what, it
claims to lie a Reliever of Pain.
IN Merits tire riisiirpassfil,
It you are suffering from INTERVAL PAIN ’I wan
ly or Thirty Drops ii t Little Water will almost in
stant ly care yon There is nothing to equal it. In a
few moments it cures 1
Cube, Tumps, Spasms, I leiirt-ltnrii. Hi. i
iin lia-ii, Di.i-nlrn, flux, Wind in
I In* lliiwHs, Sour '-lonuieii,
I) y s |u* 1> s i si Sic k
II r n and it c li c
In sections of Hie country where
FEVER A HD AGUE
Prevail, there is no remody heM in greater esteem.
I*very b<m-v -kr>op r should keep it at hand, to apply
on tho first mtarkof any Pain. It will |/i\u satistac
tory relief, and vr; bourn of snftc;ink,
f>-. n*i trifle with your**'!*'** by tAMtinir untriod

K 11.LKK, as many wortble>- u isfcruuii are attcuupl
0 b j sold on the great reputation of this valuable
medicine.
C Directions accompany each bottle.
Prict* 25 els., 50 of-., :ii!tl SI prr lloffh*.
J. W. HARRIS 6c CO.,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
c i. the Southern and West.ru States
MOLD BV ALL NKOICIMS DEALERS
For sale .y GRI'.ENF A But fON. Milwaukee; H 1
BOS wolfTII A SON.-, Milwank.-c t* I LLER, FINCH
-V It U.F.R Ghir.iKo RICHARDSON V St.*
1 uis; Md uLLOi li, MCOORD ,V t o 1t
NOV I. 8801 11! US. But P*al.
lie Alfit n>; of Escape.
The fall has many perils for the weak and feeble,
and its sudden atmospheric changes are trying to
the constitutions of even the robust. The chilling
temperature of the nights, as compared with the
almost summer warmth of the days, necessarily
exercises an unhealthy influence ou all who are ex
posed to it. Hence dysentery, diarrha-a,intermittent
fevers, bilious attacks, and derangements of all the
secretions, arc common at this season. Tho true
way to escape them is to meet the causes with a pro
tective and invigorating medicine. Hostetler’s
Stomach Bitters are designed for this exigency. This
powerful vegetable sj*' Ific relieves the system of all i
acrid humors, purifies the fluids, tones the secretive I
organs, promotes healthy evaporation through the
pores, inereas* the activity of the dige tive func
tions, cheers the spirits, and regulates the bowels.
To do this is to make the whole body vigorous, and
render it proof against the vicissitudes of tempera
ture, and against malaria. A course of the great
U nic and alterative is therefore in all cas<*s advisable
as a preventive at this season. If, on the other hand
the mischief is already done, and intermittent or re
ts 1 nt fever actually pr< at, or the lift r, bowels.
ich red, thei n r
tain to effect a quit k and thorough cure of this harm
less and agreeable preparation.
Happy Relief fou Yottno Men, from Nervous
Debility, Ac. Books and circulars sent free of charge.
Vddrea HOWARD ASSOi lATlON.Philadelphia.P*.
fUtlnmukrc Business JHmtonj!
ADVERTISING AGENTS,
Crimer.Aiki'Tis A. r:i!n"r.oor. E. Water md Ms hisan. 1
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
Strickland A Cos., 383 1 ast Water street,
Wisconsin News i(No."sp per- and Periodicals.) J
ARCH! TECTS.
Koch A Hess, 88 Wisconsin street.
AGRICULTURAL WAREHOUSES.
K. J. Lindsay. 224 Hast Water street.
CARPETS.
Goldsmith A C 366 mil 368 Broadway.
Stark Bros., 363 and 371 East Water street.
CEN’L MERCHANTS.
M. I. Skinner, I'.'- West Water street.
Mower 4 B il, 80 Michigan street.
Ka' A Spencer, 345 Urn id way.
J. 11. liowiy A i., 97 M :hl(tan (reel
HD s 4 Cos., 165 W i v. 1 rst reel.
CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE.
Blair 4 Persons, 356 East Water stref
CARRIAGES.
It Mock, 306 Broadway.
FURNITURE MANUFACTURERS.
V Brick, 1.0 and 128 Spring street.
J. E. Birchard, 121 and 123 Wisconsin street
GROCERS.
O. Bremer A Cos.. 326 and 32k Main. eor. Huron street.
li .i •..ii 314 and 16 East Wa street
CAS FIXT R Jk PLUMBERS STOCK
Wm. K. Iloodmin. 117 WiscouFin street.
John C. Stevens, 506 Milwaukee street.
GUN. FISHING TACKLE- &C.
John i Wells,B7 Wisconsin street,
HAIR GOODS MANUFACTURERS,
Mrs. M. K. 'inr,4ls Broad.ray.
Ii of Bi i 1 r J i
Hair W
Rings, S 1 Sti
IRON WORK FOR BUILDINGS.
Bayley A Oreenslade, 216 East Water street.
JEWELERS.
Cos. Preusser A Br importers and jobbers in Dia-
W tel Clocks, Materials Bstal
H 44. 43k East Water street, Milwaukee.
LUMBER.
R. W. Pierce A Cos., 110 West Water street.
PIANOS Ac MUSICAL INS T’MENTS,
H. N. Hempsted, 410 Broadway.
Win. Danlell, 414 Broadway.
NOTIONS AND FANCY GOODS.
H. S. Manville, 386 Broadway.
SEWING MACHINES.
G. T. Bryant, The Howe Machine Cos., 11l Wisconsin St.
SAOOLF.RY CARRIAGE STOCK.
Benjamin Vounsf, 257 Ki t atcr street.
Barnes Bros., 350 Hast W. ter street.
WHOLESALE CONFECTIONERS.
801 l A Ziegler, No. 3 Spring street.
•lames Hath. No. 303 Sprins street.
WALL PAPER 4k WINDOW SHADES,
Mueller 4 Ilbardt. 477 East Water street.
WOOD A IRON WONK’C MACH’RY.
Packard’s Machinery Depot, luSWest Water street.
BOILER WORKS.
Marine Boiler Works, Lake street, .Milwaukee, Wis.
Davis, Proprietor.
The Evening Wisconsin
MILWAUKEE,
Three editions daily, contains all the Latest Tele
graph, News and Markets of the lomr day -f no only
paper published in Milwaukee that does. Terms, $lO
per year: $2.60 for throe months.
WEEKLY WISCONSIN.
The Best Weekly Paper in the West. Terms, $1.50
per year.
ADDRESS
CHAMEMiKENS A CRAMER,
SVlilwaukce, Wisconsin.
l-i iiblislu and ISIG. Oldest .41 lisle House
in I lie West.
H. N. HEMPSTED,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
MUSICAL GOODS!
Of i lose rip! Sheet Music ind Music Book
isle General Western Agency for 81 I IN WA Y
A SONS. HAINES BROS PARLOH OEM
PIANOS 2
And M ASON A HAMLIN
CABINET ORGANS.
41J Broadway, Milwaukee, Wis.
Hook agents wanted,
FOU TWO NEW AND rorri. Ml WORKS.
n*x\z:j ARM PR
It dis Detective m> pay lor wnatyou drink,
thousand copies sold in thirty days. tree to sit an hour or SO, jrer
_ v ’’l’u'rn And when uneasy free to go,
m during tool
My house is furnished with good board, wot or drv 1 Mfll.
nd the Kast.in conipanr wiui well furnished with good beds. Visitors uri-
Uuaker (Vy par'> \\olTer extr, i-iiois uu rater)
miunisto \getni-. S.nd for circulars )lC tO pay lor lodging til'C IK)t admitted I v
iI OK A t f hic;ign. 111., and I? dr^ss
jhio.
BUSINESS FOR Wll
Wnlrr-Prool'Polish nlxrUlnn
IT llnuptsx. On recei| tofMe a
send to any redress a recipe for mi
Black K HRRM !IN. Boa
T ,\NTKl.—Psrtie'who have h v. ~C.
ST or can give security. and are de V,
men v In a light,honorable.oleasmt 1
or to travel Xrldres- M. M TILTON
the greatest
Cubical
W DISCOVERY
OF THE AGE.
f I?. I\ I.N Nl.l)\ of n'xlury. ba> disci '-rod n I
1 1 i weeds a rein ly that I
EVERY KIND OF HUMOR,
I i’oin tho Worst Scrofula Domi to a*
Common Pimple,
Two bottles are warranted to cure a nurilng ore
mouth.
One to throe Cottles will cure the worst kind of Pint-
puts on t he lace.
Tv.o or three bottles will clear tho system of Idles
Two bottles ace t
in the mouth or stomach.
I htee to live l.otth are warranted to cure the worst
kind ul Kr\ri polio.,
one to two bottles arc warranted t<> cure all hit ,r
111 I In- E es
Two hot ties are warranted to cure running 01 the
oars and I lirtcli***. nmn iv' tho hair.
1 ill to six Ic iitih are warranted to cure corrupt
and running ulcers.
One huttle will cure scaly eruption of the skin.
1 \yo or t hree bottles are w:n runted to cure the w ?r.-t
kind of ringworm.
'I .or three bottles are warranted to cure the most
desperate ease of i heiimatiußi.
Three to four bottles are warranted to cure salt- i
rheum.
fne to eight bottles will cure the worst case of
scrofula.
A n. tit i- always ex pet ienced from the first b< ttle,
fleet
tity is taken.
ROXBURY. MASS.
I•r a a Madam: Tin-rt nutation of Iho Me.li. al Div
c.iveiy. in i uriin; all kind ofliuniors. is so well eOah- I
lishedby the unanimous voice of all who have ever
used it, that I 1 not ay hii) long on the subject, as j
L■ f Di
>f i
most of t
you ate unfortunately solnihle. The must excruciating i
wxrmt itwu oikfe wrouTt*,
i-i in I as if hy a mil in i ur o n lemi- i re
stored to its natural sweetie o, and y. t;r Lube froiy
shoe and fretful mips to culm and sweet slumbers
I 1
ini' to your hnshuud and holts hold.
In the more adra;ued stages of
c-xiTziznr*,
it extends to the stoiiuu ii. can- o g
DVSPZ23PSZA,
which is nothin hut tanker on tie btonnn h; Hen to
I lie intestines and
KIDUSTTS,
creating sinking, i mio f eli. g, and an Indifference
even to the car." of your family.
I our stoinai h is
HAW Ali'U n^FIiArVIED.
your distrust h wn.Rnd you can only lake cor- i
lain Kin< 1 and -v n j i hat your st* iu does in t i
half the uouri-hm* rt it contains as tin* acrimonious
fluid of the canker o:hs it up; thou your complexion
bf s ifs hlo. iu. and becomes sallow or grcf-n.-di,
ami your best <fay is *;ono. For want of n -urishnwnt
your ty stein becomes loose ami flabby, and the libers
of your body become relaxed. Tin u follow a train of
d:n>a i which the Medical Discovery id peculiarly
adapted to
CUBS;
Palpitation of the )e art, pain in the side, weakness o.
the spine anil small of the back pain of the hip joint
when yoti retire irregularity of tie- bowels, and als.
that no ,-t excrutiat.i g of diseases, the
evyr “nr*
How mat') thoii-.-iiiU of poor women are suffering
fi .on this disease,and .ling aw a\ a miserable life.and
their next-door neighbor does not know the cause. 1
wish to impress on your mind that good old prov -rh,
An omiee of prevention is better than a pound ot
cure.” I o tho
iiXEttiCiLl. DISCO VEEI IT,
you have loth the i reventivo and the cure, w ith this
gi .-at end g. and una th.it it wiT never, und r
cn eumstan. es, Jo you any injury.
Nocha I. it the beet yot
can pet, and plenty enough of it.
1 (ib -i netableep nfn
das; Children over ten ears, 4. ssert spoonful; i liil
dreii from live t .eigt r us, t> a spoonful. A- no di
re, ti ns i in 1 app .eald** to a Ii nsiitutious, take
BUtlicient operate on the bowels twn a dav.
'i nr-, ti n’s, DlhNAl.l) hIsNMsDV.
I’rie. Si per bottle. F-.r sale by every druggist
in the L'nited Mates and British Provinces.
The only Rellnblo <Uft Distribution in Ihr
f onc.lrv
$80,000.00
IST VAZiUiLBLB <SIFTS
TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN
L. D. SINE’S
1 .52<1 RECFFAR AIONTMFY
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
To be Drawn Mnndny, Nov, iiTfb. 1871,
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
$5,000 E*srh iu Greenbacks.
Two Prizes $lOOO 2 rl k rrrP£rri i
kr fnlF Si3S l fcßfcEMt-W KS
Wiiolr Nn ntjrr a**li I*ooo.
1 M< rs 'ani with Silver-mounted Harness,
V-. 1
Siv‘H fen Fai ilv Scwmg Machines, worth $lOO each!
Five Ibuivy Fr r Fold Huu'ine Watches and Heavy
(ro!d rhaihs, wi-th S.k 'oaeh! Vivo Gold American
H inting: Watches, worth each! Ten Ladies’ (void
j Bto Gold
ver Lever Huntiuc tcilies. •in ail> worth trom >'2o to
MX) each! Ija*L ■.*Gold Lontine Chains,Gents’ 1
Vest Chains, Silver plated Castors, Solid Si'ver anl
Double piate<l Table and Teaspoons, Ivory-Handled
Dinner Ivnive-, Silver-plated Dinner Forks, Silver
Vest Chains, l^.otograph Albums, Ladies’ Gold
Breastpins and F.,r ring-. Gouts’ Gold Breastpins,
shirt studs and Sleeve Buttons, Finger-rings, Gold
Pens, (silver extension,) etc.
Whole number of
60,000.
VGKNTs \V\>TK!) TO Sl-LL TfC’KKTS,
to whom Liberal l*r*uiiiiiifs will be uaid.
Siiiffh* Tlcuplsi I *<l\ TlcUrls Twelve
Tlrlu'fs 1O Twenty -live 'Picket SJO.
Circulars ci-ntainlng a full list of prizes, a descrip
tion ot tho manner <f drawing, and other information
in reference to the Distribution will be sent to any
one ordering them. All letters must bo addressed to
UPTICK. L. L* Box SO,
101 W. Orb St. ineinnafi* O.
ROUNDS KANE
CAN BE FOUND AT
13 North Jefferson St.
CHICAGO,
Same building with Chicago Newspaper Union, where
they will supply all demands for
PRINTERS’ MATERIAL,
Print ins I &c.
INMAN LINE
DCEtN STUWWIfS.
Carrying Hit* British nnd I S. Mails
botwoni Kuropo ami America.
The Agents of this Line, as well as the general pub
lic, are herenv notified that the office of their General
Western Agenttfcaa been removed in consequence -d
the FIRE, to BO AVest Kinzie street, Chicago, where
the business is g ling on annsnjil
(li-ni'ra i —ii-rn Agent.
USED AND RECC-M- r—,
MENDED BY THE MOST
-MTdftr EMINENT PHYSICIANS
1- IN NEW ENGLAND FOR ."9
"BFtfm THE LAST 45 YEARS.
NOTHIMC SETTER.” ;f
CUTLER BROS. CO., ZL
•VW.i.kkb, Proprietor. R. It. McDonai.d On., Drug cists ar>4
Ssm, At-is, sun Fiuclco, Cat, n.l ii A 34 Comiueivo V.
KIhLIONS Bear Testimony to their
Wonderful Connive Effects.
They are not a vile Fancy Drink. Made of Foot
Hum. Whiakey, Proof >piiiis anil Refuse
himiurt doctored, spiced and .sweetened to please t“
taste,called “Tor.les,” "Appetizers," ‘K -torerr.,”£;a,
that lead the tippler on to drunkenness and ruin,but are
atruc Medicine.made from the Native Roofs and Herns
of California, free from nil Alcoholic Siiinu
lanl. They are the C> R EAT liLOOit IM 1C 1
FI Ell mid A FIFE (HVINfi I'll I NCI FEE,
a perfect Renovator and Invigor tor of the System,
carrying off all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell,
provided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poisoner other means, ar.d the vital organs wasted
beyond tho point of repair.
They are a (Senile Pnrcntivr as well nun
Tonic, possessing,
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or fnflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE FOR PLAINTS, in young or
old. married cr single, at the dawn of womanhood oral
the turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For I nflninumtory nud Chronic Itlieiinin
limii mill Com, Dyspepsia or I ndigesl ioti.
Bilious, Ilenillleiil anti I nieriiilllcm Fe
vers, Diseases of the Blond, Fiver, Kid
neys and Bladder, thc-c Bi 11 ers have 1 1 n in.
>r.i h Diieaaei itinted
Blood, which is generally prod uci y derai
of the Digestive Organs,
DYSPEPSIA Oil IMHCEsTIOV, Bead
ache. Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs. Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Mouth. Bilious Attacks, Palpitation o(
the Heart. Inflammation of the Lungs. Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful s> mp
loins, are the offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the V i ml
Liver and Bowels, which mmer them of unequalled
efficacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities, ar.d im
parting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SK I N DISE \>F>. Kn; ions.T. tee. .it
Rheum, Blotches. Spots. Pimples. Pustules, Boils, u
buncles. Ring-U onus Scald Head. Sore Byes. Krv-i
as. Itch. S I j;
Diseases of llies Fkin. of whatever name or nature ate
literally dug up and carried out of the si stem n, :i 1 1
time by the use of these Bitters. One botth- In su b
cases will convince the most incredulous of their cure
live effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you And its im
puriMeg bursting through the skiu in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins cleanse it when it is f..nl,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep the 1.1 >o<l
pure, and the health of the system w ill follow.
Pin, Tn pe, nml nllier U nrins, lurking in tho
system of so many thousands, ar effectually destroyed
and removed. i-ays a distiu ii-lied physiolnirtat
there is scarcely an individual upon the race
earth whose ImAy is exempt from tin- presence f*
W y elements of Um
body that wonn v .but u.a.n the iliseas-d hnmoit
slimy and p ta lit brt< It hese iii: og monsters ot
N By at f M
anthelmintics will free the system from wurn.s lik<
these Bitters.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R. H. McDOKALD A- CO-
Druggists and (ten Agents. San Francisco. California
and 3i and 31 Commerce Street. New York.
UTSOLD BY Ai.L DKLGf.ISTS AND DEALER?.
MALES
r^x VEGETABLE sicilian
.uRENEWER.
K\ cry year incrctiscs the populari
ty of this valuable Hair Preparat ion;
which is due to merit alone. We
can assure our old patrons tha tis
kept fully up to its hiyh stauaard;
I and it is the only reliable and perfect-
I ed preparation for restorincr Gray
1 ok Faded H air to W youthful color,
i makinjj it soft, lustrous, ami silken.
The scalp, by its use, becomes while
and clean. It removes all eruptions
and dandruff, and, by itv tonic prop
erties, prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates and nourishes
the hair-glands. By its use, the hair
grows thicker and stronger. In
baldness, it restores the ea]'illary
elands to their normal and
will create :i new growth, except in
extreme ohl lt is the most eco
nomical Hair Dressing ever used,
as it requires fewer applications,
and ijives the hair a splendid, irlossy
a]>pearance. -V. A, Hayes, M.D.,
State AssayerofMassachusetts. says,
i “The constituents are pure,and care
fully selected lor excellent finality;
and I consider it the Best Prepa
ration for its intended purposes.”
I Sold by all Drvgyi*t.<. am! Dealer* in M (Heines.
Price One Dollar.
Buckingham’s Dye.
FOR THE WHISKERS,
As our Kenewer in many cases
requires too lony r a time, and too
much care, to restore gray or tided
Whiskers, we have prepared this
five, in one preparation; which will
quickly and effectually accomplish
Ibis result. It is easily applied,
and produces a color which will
1 neither rub nor wash off. Sold by
all Druggists. Price Fifty Cents.
lyTaimfactured by R. P. Hall CO.,
\snrA, ii.
CUNDURANGO!
THE WONDERFUL REMEDY FOR
CAM ER, >VPI 11 !,1 M ROIT FA. IF
IiUS. S.VFT KilF! U :u:l \FF OTiIFR
lIIION IC hiFOOII l>*'FA>E>.
Dr P.T. KEENE haring just retained from Ecuador
and brought with him a luantHy of the genui C'nn.
UnfftAgro Bark, secured tbrooefa th© official m
m.'ndn'i'in ami assist.inc<‘ of Mis Excellency, the Pre-1
ilent f Ecuador ami the Government of that Republic,
weere prepared to fill orders for it, to a limited extent,
and at n price about one-quarter of that which the cost
oi the first very small snoply compelled ns to charge.
A Mpurions article is now advertised and sold as
igo. W(
with the co-operation of the authorities of E< ja, the
pro,inee where the plant grows, so directed the chan
nel of onr supply as to insure that none but tie ucnn
iis iii-iit b us; and we particular!)
cull the attention of tb>- public, P-r tneir protection, to
thisfacF BFl>>. M l XL vV 1
HO I'tMlnr >l., New Vm k.
D W BLISS. M. D., Washington. I) ZE. BLISS
M. D.. New York P. T. KEENE, M. D., New York.
i-rT 1 1
DR. W H FT TIER,
i HIT SI. CTiarl.'is >t.
I m ONHER I vATKidaS I is than any l.pon-■
i 1c S
B j.,'.. I iD f I ring n-s 9
|r. U I
1 time red in the
2 pi
I matter wh faL.nl; tell yr ur prifat-i tn üble. Con-
I Eiiita'i >n ’r-'C. S ndtv --tamp t rniedi. .Ics-ais.B
I Mr.Niti d>, VieMv .1s- n r by in .i!, la cr-’.ts H
e-'.ch,Loth for Jocfs.. b' ll pa '.il t.iaf thecun ns,
I doubtful or in ,ui sitive wi.- hto Vnew bout t.irin-
I solve ?,marriage, Ac. Kvrynng man and w 'men
I ought to read I
i.y advise
"pRIPAItZ i OR business!
/'J Spencerian Susiness
X CULLEii E,
{Z>IJ Deiti i/n n
■yU— a. il ic in .i mr'il fur the
n. i i*t- -iimtn did/ hn.sin*-*H
life. Student's i J nt <m>f time iV>r
circuit!rn or i address
Jl. i Si*Ijltn JHihraukee, JfVjj.
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr.Sherman’g Patent Appliance
and Compound. Office tihT Broadway. X V Send the
for book with jihotographic likenesses of eases befj.re
and after cure, with Henri' War., Beecher s case, let
ters and portrait. Beware of traveling impnsters.who
pretend to have been assistants of Ur. Shekman.
at. K. r., Oct. 9S, ER. I®.