gunday Edition, October 15.
Mrs. Conway seems fairly to have entered on a
brlUiant career in her new theatre, and we sincerely
trust she wi I continue to be greeted with that great
and deserv-.d success which ia only her due. It
would be ui fair to close our notice without referring
to the extreme courtesy of the genial business man
ager, Mr. Keys, whose great aim seems to be to
make Mrs. Conway’s patrons as comfortable as good
management and gentlemanly care can make them.
‘■•Booth’s Theatre.—The brilliant season at
Booth’s Theatre will to-morrow evening be rendered
even more than usually interesting, by the produc
tion of Shakspere’s grand tragedy, “Macbeth,” with
Miss Cushman and Mr. Crcsw.rk in the principal
characters. Lady Macbeth was formerly one of Miss
Cushman’s very grandest impersonations, and in it
wo will have an opportunity o’ judging to what ex
tent her strong declamatory powers have failed. In
“HenrvVllL” it was perceived that where there
was a great demand on her strength or power, she
appeared to be loss demonstrative than was net
wont to bo; but that we thought might ba ascribed
to a desire to subdue the vehemence of the diguided
but nevertheless womanly queen. It is now many
years since she last played Lady Macbeth in this city,
but the remembrance of that splendid representation
has not yet been effaced, and to-morrow evening will
doubtless witness a renewal of that thrilling effect
which her acting in this character always had on her
audience. In Mr. Creswick wo anticipate an able
representative of Macbeth. This gentleman ia too
profound a student of the great i.aru to spader any of
his creations in other but a clover manner, and if the
general cast; only equals that of the late revival of
•‘Henry VIII./’ a great intellectual treat must be the
result. 4t Macbeth” matinee on Saturday.
Fifth Avenue Theatre.—lf Macaulay’s fa
mous New .Zealander, after gazing from London
Bridge on the ruins of that great city, m accordance
with the arranged programme, siould take a notion
of visiting New York, we doubt not that even then
he would be time enough to witness a representa
tion of Daly’s great drama of the limes, “Divorce,”
at Fifth Avenue Theatre. That charming play con
tinues to attract great audiences, and it would
appear as it the demand for “Divoice” was increas
ing. Fortunate Mr. Daly to so successfully hit on the
public taste, and pleased them so. “Divorce” ma
tinee on Saturday.
Wallack’s Thbatbb—This favorite theatre
received a decided acquisition on Monday evening
last, in the person ot Miss Piessy Mordaunt, a young
lady who has but recently arrived from England. Miss
Mordaunt chose for her first a pearance the part of
Mrs. OaJdey, in the comedy of “The Jealous Wife,.”
and on all sides it is admitted that her American
debut was wholly successful. Throughout the play
she exhibited an easy freedom of manner, that ren
dered the impersonation a most pleasing one, and as
her bearing is graceful and pleasing, wo may shortly
expect to see Miss Mordaunt take her place among
our leading actresses. Miss Emily Mestayer was a
most acceptable Lady Free.ove, the representation
being life-like and free from exaggeration. Miss
Helen Tracey as Harriet was'.as usua,, charming, and
played the part in her usual elegant manner. Mr.
Stoddart was not so happy as *we have seen him, in
the character of Sir Harry Beagle, and there was
room for improvement.in the Charles of Mr. Polk.
Mr. Montgomery was tolerably successful as Captain
O'Cuttcr, but we could occasionally perceive a
tendency to over act, which this gentleman would do
well to avoid. On Thursday evening Charles Raade
and Tom Taylor’s comedy, “Masks and Faces” was
presented. It was principally noticeable for the ex
cellent impersonation of Triplet by Mr. Fisher, and
b very pleasing performance of Peg Woffington by
Mias Mordaun t.
To morrow evening the emperor regnant of light
comedians, to wit, Mr. Charles Matthews, appears in
two of his very finest impersonations. His Affable
Hawk, in A Game of Speculation,” is one of those
rare character sketches in which ho has no equal,
and if ever theie was a more amusing little comedy
than “A Curious Case” written, the author never
succeeded in getting it produced. It is, wo under
stand, from the pen of the veteran actor himself,and in
It he has a rare opportunity for the display of his light
comedy powers. It is to oe feared that this will be
Mr. Matthews’ last engagement in New York city
therefore ye who can enjoy the most rofined and
pleasing of comedy, fail not to visit Wallack’s during
his engagement.
Grand Opera House.— Eileen Oge,” seems
fairly to have hit upon the public taste, at the Grand
Opera House, and rarely has tais splendid theatre
been graced with larger and more appreciative
audiences than since its production. The play is
now in the very smoothest working order, and the
beautiful scenery and splendid sensation effects are
greatly admired. Mr. Florence seems to be fast
recovering from his severe illness, and now plays
in the most comically self-possessed manner possi
ble. His 2?ryan O'Farrell is a thoroughly natural
and consequently pleasing performance, and with
Mrs. Florence as Bridget Maguire, and the remainder
of the cast in good hands, the entire representation
la an excellent one. Mr. E. F. Thorne is an able and
carelul young actor. He plays the gentlemanly vil
lain of the piece, Loftus, with great effect. A writer
in a daily Jeon temporary has thought proper to attack
him on the grounds of his diessing the part too finely.
This is certainly a novel fault co find. Injustice to Mr.
Thorne, we may here remark that he is an actor who
not only dresses but acts every part allotted to him
with taste and ability, and might well serve as an
example to many of our young actors. It may also
be here remarked that in wearing a blacx satin hat,
Mr. Thome is quite correct, as the unshapely postil
lion cap has not for many years past been worn to
any great extent, by hunting gentlemen in Ireland.
Mr. Hagan’s Father Mahoney stands forward as a
particularly well conceived and ably drawn charac
ter. This gentleman’s accent is good, his manner
easy, and his general treatment oc character highly
effective. The haymaking scene is always received
with pleasure, and the incidental song and chorus
loudly applauded. There will be a grand matinee
on Tuesday, and another on Friday, tor the benefit
of the Chicago sufferers, beside the usual Saturday
matinee.
Wood’s Museum.—As wo anticipated, the
closing week of Miss lucille Western’s engagement
was one of well filled houses and successful repre-
Beutations, and the sojourn of that accomplished lady
will long bo remembered by the Aa&ttuw of Wood’s
Museum. To-morrow evening Boucicault’s great
American drama, The Octeroon,” will be produced
with all its original splendor ot mounting and glori
ous scenic effects. The appointments will, of course,
be excellent, the costumes, rich and varied, and the
cost unusuaLy strong and effective. In it the ever
popular Mr. and Mrs. John L. Hall will appear. At
the matinees the romantic drama, entitled “The
Gunmairer of Moscow,” and Madison Morton’s laugh
able farce, The Steeple Chase,” will be presented.
On Thursday both the mat-inee and evening perform
ances will be for the benefit of the sufferers by the
Chicago fire.
Bowery Theatre.—Mr. J. B. Studley has
been playing to large and appreciative audiences,
and last evening finished a most satisfactorily suc
cessful engagement. To-morrow evening, Mr. Jo
seph Murphy, a really clever Irish and Dutch come
dian and protean actor, will appear tn Meader’s play,
“Help.” Mr. Murphy has already appeared in this
city, and on every occasion with the moat unques
tionable success. His Irish impersonations are free
from exaggeration or burlesque of any kind, and his
Dutch comicalities are much more natural than wa
have been lately accustomed to. Help” will
be produced on a most liberal scale, and the cast of
characters will give occasion for the services of somo
of the most talented members of tho Bowery com
pany, ana is likely to materially help to fill tho
treasury of that favorite theatre. To-morrow (Mon
day) thoro will be a grand matinee in aid of the vic
tims of the Chicago disaster, when Miss Lucille
Western will appear in her great character of Nancy
Sykes, in the iilay of “Oliver Twist,” and will be
supported by Mr. J. A. Herne as Bill Sykes, and Mr.
Whalley as Fagin. The entire company have gen
erously volunteered, and the matinee is likely to bo
very successful.
Union Square Theatre—Leffingwell has
been gaining frosh laurels by h s exceedingly hu
morous impersonation of Clorinda, in the side split
ting burlesque of “Cinderella.” He has been ex
cellently supported by Miss Lizzie Wilmore, Cinder
ella; Miss Lizzie Kdlsey, Dandino; Miss Belle Howitt,
Prince Poppett; Miss Ida Greenfield, Thisbe; Mr.
Bheldon, Baron Balderdash; and Mr. Geo. H. Coe*,
Bultoni. This latter gentleman was, on the evening
of our visit, complimented by throe well deserved
encores to his air, “The Love I Bear for Thee.’’ Mr.
Coes is a most energetic stage manager, a clever
actor, and a deservedly popular gentleman. Hughey
Dougherty, Lew Rattier, Johnny De Angelis, Fred.
Foster, and Annie Adams were each well received,
and tho two latter seem to be now thoroughly estab
lished favorites. Lew Rattler’s burlesque imitations
of popular actors was exceedingly clever, and met
With due recognition. This week, Prof. Hilton, an
English ventriloquist of great celebrity, will make
his first appearance in New York, and Emma Alford,
the charming songstress, will also be added to the
company. Mr. Leffingwell will appear in his great
specialty of l&zneo Jaffer Jenkins, and will ba sup
ported by tho full strength of the dramatic company,
including Miss Howitt, Miss Kelsey, Miss Wilmore,
Miss Hardy, Miss Cummins, Mr. Saeldon, Mr. Ken
nedy, Mr. De Angelis, and Mr. Morton. Madame
Bonfanti and Mdl e. Bertha will appear in the ballet,
“Les Perle D’ltalia,” and the Matthews Family wi.l
continue their really wonderful performances. Wed
nesday and Saturday matinees, that of Wednesday
being for the benefit of the Chicago sufferers.
Brooklyn Academy of Music. —The resi
dents of Brooklyn will doubtless bo glad to learn
that Miss Lydia Thompson purposes favoring them
with a visit from herself and her iar-famed burlesque
company daring next week. Since their unprece
dentiy successful stay at Wall ack’s Theatre, in this
city, Miss Thompson’s company has iulfiiled an im
mensely brilliant engagement in Boston, and the
good people ot Brooklyn are to bo congratulated
that they also arc to have an opportunity of enjoy
ing the glorious feast of fun usually provided by this
great combination. They will give three represent
ations at. tie Brooklyn Academy of Music—on Mon
day, October 25th, when Blue Beard” will be rep
resented; Tuesday, “Lurline;” and Wednesday,
“Sinbad.” We sincerely advise our Brooklyn
friends not to fail going on one or other of these
evenings. Referring to the company’s engagement
in that city, the Boston Journal says: “An audience
which completely filled the theatre complimented
Miss Lydia Thompson on her benefit last evening,
several hundreds of whom had to be content with
standing room. Had the weather been propitious,
there is no estimating the numbers who would have
been turned away, and so great a gathering on such
a night is tho highest compliment any artist could
hope to receive. Tho entertainment began with tho
burlesque of ‘Sinbad,’ which was well received.
•Sinbad’ is named for the matinee and evening
performance, which will close with a scene from
Blue Beard.' 'These last opportunities for enjoy
ing tho entertainments which" Miss Thompson and
troupe give, should be taken advantage of by all
who love music and appreciate fun and good natured
nonsense. Among the auditors was Mile. Nilsson,
who seamed to enjoy the burlesque fully as much
as any in tho house. Miss Thompson was obliged
to appear twice before tho curtain in obedience to
persis cent calls, and o» her second appearance made
a brief but eloquent speech.”
St. James Theatre.—Tho beautiful little
theatre at the corner of Twenty-eighth street and
Broadway, lately known as Newcomb Arlington’s
Opera House, will bo opened on to-morrow night
week with an entirely different class of entertain
ment to that for which it was formerly devoted, and
is likely to become one of the most fashionable an t
popu'ar places of amusement in the city. The vete
ran manager, Mr. John E. McDonough, will, m con
junction with Mr. H. A. Earnshaw, be the now
lessee, and as the reputation of both those gentle
men as liberal conscientious caterers is widely ex
tended, we anticipate many flue entertainments at
their haul's. The list of artistes engaged for the
opening representation, includes many really ac
complished vocalists and comedians, and particular
attention will be given to the lighter and more en
joyable features of the drama. Operettas and come
dies will have particular justice done them, an 1
every available novelty will from time to time be se
cured and produced at the new theatre. Among
others who will appear on the opening night we per
x ceive the name of Mr. E. D. Davies, one of the most
humorous of Irish comedians and accomplished of
Ventriloquists that has yet visited America, and if
his two boys Tommy and Joey are as amusing as
When we last seen them, his and their entertainment is
pound to become very popular. Miss Susan Gallon,
the accomplished soprano, and Miss Clarice Vernon,
the popular contralto, are also announced, as are also
Mr. Alt Kelleher, Mr. C. T. Mason and M?> O. P.
Sweet, all well-known and deservedly popular artistes.
A complete dramatic company will also be retained,
and a magnificent programme be presented each
evening. Saturday matinees will be given during the
season, and everything likely to please their
patrons, provided by the energetic managers.
Olympic Theatre.—‘‘Humpty Dumpty” con
tinues to attract large audiences, who invariably tes
tify by unrestrained laughter, their delight with the
entertainment, and for many weeks to come we anti
cipate no change at the Olympic. To describe G. L.
Fox is impossible. Ho is simply the very incarnation
of fun, and keeps one in such an uncontrolable state
of merriment, as to render a visit to the Olympic a
memorable event. Matinee Wednesday and Satur
day.
Globe Theatre.—Mr. John Stetson, long
and favorably known as a manager of sKill and abil
ity, will to-nierrow evening open the Globe Theatre
as a first class vaudeville and varieties house. For
this purpose he has been fortunate enough to secure
a combination of throe great companies, forming an
assemblage of talent such as is raroly met with un
der any circumstances. Musical comedies and the
best of modern burlesques will bo produced by a
company of accomplished dramatic artists and vo
calists, headed by the charming burlesque imper
sonator, Miss Adah Richmond, who will appear in
several of her most admired characters,. Professor
Risley’s newly imported troupe of star gymnasts,
and El Nino Eddie, the boy Blondin, will be of the
company, and Bob Hart, an uncommonly clever
comedian and character actor, will make his first
appearance in four years. Gus Williams, already
well and favorably known in this city, and Messrs.
Johnson and Powers, will, we are sure, meet with a
hearty reception. Messrs. Harrigan and Hart, of
whom report speaks highly, will appear in several
of their justly admired character sketches, includ
ing “Little Frauds” and “The Mulcahey Twins.”
In addition to these, tho entire company from tho
Howard Athoneum, Boston, will appear. There is
plenty of room for any number of properly conduct
ed varieties theatres in our city, and with such an
experienced and competent manager as Mr. Stetson,
and an assemblage of talent like that above men
tioned, the Globe is likely to take its place as one of
our foremost varieties establishments. There will
be matinees on Wednesday and Saturday.
Theatre Comiaue.—This-famona little thea
tre will be re-opened to-morrow evening, under the
management of Mr. Josh Hart, with one of the best
assorted and most talented companies possible. The
house has been entirely redecorated and cleaned,
and will henceforth be an exceedingly pretty and
comfortable little theatre. Burlesque, pantomime,
comedy, and farce will be fairly represented, and
varieties artists of every description will contribute
to the entertainment. Mr. Charles White, the voter-
an comedian, will, out of respect for his former i
manager, appear during the opening week, and
below will be found enumerated many artists of
wide and extended reputation: Mr. Josh Hart, Mr.
Johnny Wild, Mr, Larry Tooley, James Clarke,
Muster Bennie Wheeler, Connors and Bradley,
Master Martin, G. L. Stoute, J. Collier, Frank Dillon,
E. D. Gooding, Prof. Meyers, the Wheeler troupe,
and the Arabian Brothers. Miss Kitty O’Neil, the
dashing song and dance artist, Miss Lena E.lia (her
first appearance in this country). Mr. Whi o and
Josh Hart will appear in the farce of “The Happy
Couple,” the sketches of “The Mulkeary Twins”
and “Freemasonry Exposed” will be performed,
and “The Clodoche Quadrilles” danced by prom
inont members of the company. The grand ballet
troupe will be under the direction of Mons. Carle,
and will consist of twenty young ladies, headed by
ihe Misses Carle. Altogether it is the Intention of
Mr. Hart to make the Comique one of the best
variety theatres, and with such a company at his
command, he should accompls'ajwoniers. Mr. John
R. Topham, whoso name is synonymous with all
that is courteous and gentlemanly, will officiate as
treasurer, and there seems every prospect of a revival
o the palmy days of the Theatre Comlqwo. There
will be matinees every Wednesday and Saturday.
Paris Pavillion Circus.—Tho scones in the
arena of Dan Bice’s famous Circus have been greatly
admired by large audiences during tho week and tho
various performances of the talented company
greeted with moat enthusiastic applause. The ar
rangements of this most comfortable of circus build
ings have gone far to increase the comfort of the audi- 1
eucas and the quaint drollery of the genial Dan have
net gone unadmired. The clever Nelson children
have becomejdecided’y great favorites and the Wilson
Brothers have gone through their graceful acrobatic 1
entertainment to the intense delight of the admirers 1
of the muscular. The trained horses Stephen A. 1
Douglas and Excelsior perform their tricks "with an
ease and sagacity seldom witnessed in the brute
creation, and every feature of the programme has
been well received. The benefit for the Chicago
sufferers on Friday evening was well attended, and a
handsome sum must have been realized.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
Mrs. Jobs Wood’s company from tho St.
James Theatre, London, are at present at the Theatre 1
Royal, Edinburgh, Scotland, where they have mot with
the most unaualilied success. The company includes
Mrs. Wood, Mr. Lionel Brough, brother to the lata i
Robert and William Brough, a very clever comedian.
and Mr. Arthur Young. At the conclusion of their
British tour they visit tms country.
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre—Novelty
of ail kinds is being constantly provided by Mr. HUI,
and tne result is that his comfortable little establish
ment is generally comfortably filled and his visitors
constontly kept oemfortabe. Singing, dancing, athletic
and gymnastic performances, and all sorts of fun and
frolics are to be had there.
Persey Roselle, a boy of fifteen years of age,
will play as Shylock in tho “Merchant of Venice.” at the
Holliday street Theatre, Baltimore, on the 16th inst.
His sister. Miss Amy Roselle, for some time leading
lady at the London Haymarket, has been en raged to
support Mr. Sothern in his engagements in this coun
try.
The Evening Telegram recently made men
tion of Eulwer Lytton’s “Honeymoon.” We always
thought it was John Tobin who wrote that beautiful
play, but if the Herald and Telegram continue this sort of
business long, we will have grave doubts as to who wrote
“Hamlet” and “Macbeth.”
Miss Clara Louise Kellogg has been giving
concerts during the past week in Massachusetts and
Connecticut. She returns to New York on Monday,
and, it is rumored, will give a grand farewell concert
prior to her departure for California.
Little Mac, of Dan Bryant’s Minstrels, gen
erously sent at his own expense one hundred and fifty
four loaves of bread to the sufferers by the Chicago
disaster, from his brother’s bakery at No. 512 Third
avenue.
Mr. F. J. Cooper, business manager for Col.
Holmes Grover, is about to accompany Mr. Harry
Clifton, the famous English comedian and vocalist, on a
professional tour through America, China, Japan,
Australia and the Sandwich Islands.
The gentlemen connected with the Alexan
dra Theatre, Liverpool, h-ivo presented Mr. T. Stanley
Dust, acting manager of Mrs. John Wood’s company,
with a massive gold chain as a token of esteem.
Lingard made a fizzle with his show in Co
hoes on Monday week. There was no scenery, no piano,
and no reservation of “reserved” seats. Tne audience
was disgusted.
Mlle. Corrain, from the Mapleson Italian
Opera Company, London, arrived by the Cuba on Fri
day, to join the Strakosch-Nilsson opera troupe, and
will shortly make her debut in conjunction with it.
Miss Jennie Hughes is at the Front Street
Theatre Comique, Baltimore. At tho conclusion Of her
engagement there, she returns to Union Square Thea
tre for the season.
The wife of Mr. Moe, the champion skater,
on Thursday last presented him with a tnumpmg baby
boy, and he was in consequence something moero than
delighted.
An American circus company is now per
forming in Constantinople—the first circus that has
ever visited the domains of the Sultan.
Madame Louise Lichtway and a German
Opera Company were at John T. Ford’s Holliday Street
Tneatre, Baltimore, last week.
The old comedies are still receiving excellent
representation at Mr. E. L. Davenport’s Chestnut
Street Theatre, Philadelphia.
Charlotte Cushman goes to the Globe Thea
tre, Boston, at the conclusion of her engagement at
Booth’s.
The Chapman Sisters and Mr. E. A. Locke
are at Fifth Avenue Cpera House, Pittsburgh.
Lawrence Barrett played in Rosedale,” at
the New Pittsburgh Opera House, last week.
Mr. E. L. Davenport appears at the New Na
tional Theatre, Washington, this week.
Stuart Robson was “Everybody’s Friend,”
at the Academy of Music, last week.
Forepaugh’s Circus and Menagerie visited
Cleveland on the 10th and 11th inst.
Miss Rosa Rand has joined the company of
the Grand Opera House. Baltimore.
Mr. John E. Owens has been playing “Dot”
at the Globe Theatre, Boston.
The Palace of Truth has been presented
at the Boston Museum, Boston.
Olive Logan lectured on “Nice Young Men,”
in Philadelphia, on the 11th.
The Vienna Lady Orchestra was in Cleveland
on the 10th and 11th inst.
Jas. S. Edwards is at Fox’s American Thea
tre, Philadelphia.
Billy Pastor is at the New Varieties, Phila
delphia.
The Majilton’s are in Washington.
>bout Soivu.
In purchasing jewelry, gold or sil
ver watches, wedding or other rings, or bijouterie of
any description, a visit to the elegant store of Mr.
S. J. Delan, at No. 357 Grand street, will prove high
ly advantageous to the purchaser. His stock com
prises goods of every description, and his selection
is unlimited.
The base-ball championship ques
tion must now be settled within a few weeks, and
great Is the interest manifested in the result; but
the championship of bat manufacturers or importers
has long ago been decided in favor of the world
renowned Knox, whose famous Hat Emporium is at
No. 212 Broadway, and whose works cover the head
of every sensible man.
Why Have Harsh Dry Hair?— lf
you use frequently Thompson’s Pomade Optime, it
will be clean, soft, glossy, and luxuriant.
Sold by Druggists and fancy goods dealers. Price
25 and 50 cents per bottle.
Bell Schnapps, distilled at Schie
dam, Holland, expressly for cases of dyspepsia,
dropsy, gout, rheumatism, general debility, catarrh
of the bladder, pains in the back and stomach and
all diseases of the urinary organs. Give great re
lief in asthma, gravel and cacluli in the bladder. War
ranted pure. H. G. Wolfe Co., No. 18 South Wil
liam street, sole importers. Sold by Druggists and
Grocers,
Chicago, October 12, 1871.
J. Baueb Co No. 650 Broadway, New York:
We have saved our lives, but Jost everything, in
cluding 400 Pianos.
J. Bauer k Ch, Crosby’s Opera House.
To assist our unfortunate Chicago house in re
suming their business, wo are offering our large
stock of celebrated Knaoe Pianos and those of our own
manufacture; also, Organs, Melodeons, and all kinds
of musical instruments at red.teed wholesale prices.
Every instrument fully waaranted.
J. Baueb Co.,
No. 650 Broalwav'New York.
Verily, Mr. James Nolan should be
a happy man. His establishment, known as the
J Woodbine, «Snd excellently situated at the corner of
Sixth avenue and Thirteenth street, has now become
famous througl.k>ut the length and breadth of the
land, and the reputation be has acquired for the
manner in which chops, steaks and game is pro-"
vided, is unlimited.
If you would spend a pleasant
evening yourself, or show your country friends one
of the sights of the city, fail not to visit the far
famed concert saloon of Mr. Harby Hill, at No. 26
East Houston street.
Tim finest Grand Duke Alexis hats,
the best and handsomest hats of all sorts are to be
found at the store of Dougan, the Peoples’ Hatter, No.
102 Nassau' street.
For Moth Patches, Freckles and
Tan, use Per-Ry’s Moth and Frecktjj-Lotion. It
is the only reliable and harmless remedy known for
removing brown discolorations from the' sk'in. Pre
pared only by Dr. B. C. Perry, No. 49 Bend- street,
New York. Sold by all druggists.
THE NATIONAL CA M E
GOLDIE TESTIMONIAL.
To the Editor of the New York Dispatch:
Sir: As you have been kind enough to grant me the
use of your valuable columns when I was endeavoring,
with the aid of the baso ball fraternity, to raise a fund
for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr.
John Goldie, I will thank you still further to oblige me
by publishing the following balance-sheet of the result.
The enclosed balance-sheet has no reference whatever to
tho exhibition of Scottish Games got up by the New
York Caledonian Club, on the sth inst.: it simply has
reference to the two base-ball matches played by the
Mutual Club—one with ths old Atlantic?, and tho other
with the old Unions, of Morrisania. I wish to mention,
also,, that of the amount credited as received from the
sale of tickets, the sum of $53 was raised by Mr. Geo.
Wright and others of the Boston nine, who, it is almost
needless to observe, did not use the tickets. Thanking
you for your extrema kindness and courtesy,
I remain. Sir,
Your obedient servant,
John W. Bbodie.
Balance;Sheet of the Goldie Testimonial Fund.
1871. Dr.
Sept. 18. To receipts at gale of Union ground $996 00
18. To receipts from sale of tickets 223 00
23. To receipts nt «a+o of Union ground 135 70
23.. Subscriptions raised at the office of
tne New York Dispatch to
ward this fund 119 07
Total $1473 70
1871. Ce'
Sdpt. 15. By cash remitted to Washington for i
expenses of G. Hall and E. Mills
to New York $l2O 00
Oct. 10. By cash paid for printing, as per
voucher 10 00
10;.. By cash handed to Mrs. Goldie 1443 70
Total $1473 70
John W. Brodie.
Alex. V. Da.vidbgn, >Committee.
K. Febguson,
BOSTON vs. MUTUAL.
On Mondhy an exhibition game was played on the
Union Ground,. WiUiamsburgh, between the Boston
Red Stockings and the Mutuals. There was a very fair
assemblage of spectators on the ground, a majority of
whom were-present because they were under the im
pression that the game was to be the deciding one be
tween these clubs, for the championship. When they
discovered they had paid their fifty cents to witness an
exhibition game, they expressed themselves in no very
measured terms as to the conduct of the Mutes in not
advertising the game as not being for the championship* i
The Mutes, by such a course, would certainly have lost
sundry dollars gate money but they would have gained
more than equivalents the respect and goodwill of the
public generally. Why it should have been so it is hard
to say, but.the general opinion was that as this was only to
be an exhibition game tho Mutuals would be sure to win
it, and a large sum of money was invested on them in
consequence. In this respect, however, the knowing
ones” were most egregiously taken in. The weather
was all that could be desired, it being impossible to
have had.a finer day if it had been made to order, and
the game was worthy of the day.
A feature which reflects great credit both on the good
faith and skill of the Boston men is, that their games
always attract a superior class of visitors to the ground
to that seen on almost any other occasion. Mr. Mort.
Rogers, of the Star Club, having been selected to act as
umpire,, play was called at 3:10, the Boston men making
their appearance at the bat. The first two innings were
of the shortest and sharpest kind, neither side being
able to make more than one first-base hit in the two
innings,, and no run. The Bostonians, however, man
aged to break the ice in the third inning, scoring one
run through a wild throw on the Mutual side; but the
Now Yorkers were disposed of in one, two, three order. 1
A fine three-base hit by Gould gave the Bed Stockings
one earned run in the fourth inning, and an error by i
the same player gave the Mutes one unearned run in the
same inning. Up to this point only one error had been
committed by each side, but in both cases it proved
fatal. A wretched muff, however, by Hatfield, in the
fifth inning, when he had a beautifully easy chance of
disposing of the Bostons for a duck’s egg, by a nice
double play, gave the visitors three runs, which proved
fatal to the Mutuals’ chance of winning the game. In
the same inning a muffed fly by Barrows gave the Mu
tuals one run, making tho score—Bostons 5. Mutuals 2.
The'sixth inning proved a blank for tho Hubbites, but 1
the Mutes scored one run from a bad throw by George
Wiight.and the hopesof the Mutual backers wore slightly
raised thereby. The pleasing prospect did not last long,
though, as in the seventh inning the Bostonians in
creased their score by two runs, one of which was
earned; while the New Yorkers were put out in the
order of striking. One run added to tho Boston score
through a wild throw by C. Mills to Hatfield, and an
other blank for the Mutos, in the eighth inning, dis
posed of any chance the latter might be supposed to
possess, as the score stood then 8 to 3 in favor of Boston,
a result which was not affected by the ninth inning, as
both clubs were prettily whitewashed in iL The follow
ing is the score:
BOSTON. 18. TB. PO. A. MUTUAL. 18. TB. PO. A.
Q. "Wright, s. 5.2 2 0 J Hatfield, 2 b.. .1 112
Barnes, 2 b 11 5 5 Patterson, I. f.,1 13 0
Birdsall, r. f... 2 3 2 0 Start, 1 b 11 13 0
McVey, c 0 0 5 1 Wdicers, p 0 0 0 0
Spalding, p.... 2 2 10 Eggler, c. f 1 12 0
Gould, lb 2 4 11 0 Mills, c 11 4 1
Schafer. 3 b... .0 0 14 Ferguson, 3b. .1 12 7
Barrows, 1. f...l I 2 0 Pearce,?. 5.... l 11 5
H. Wnght, c f. 2 2 0 0 Higham, r. f. .'.O 0 10
innings 1| 2| 3 4| 5| 6| 7| 8| 91 Total.
Mutual 0 1 01 1 11310121 1 ~0 8
Boston 0| 0| 0 1| 1| 11 0| 0| 01 3
Umpire—Mr. M. Rogera, Star Club. Runs earned—
Boston. 2; Mutual, 0. Time of game—Ono hour and
fifty minutes.
BOSTON vs. HAYMAKER.
On the 7th inst. the deciding game of the champion
ship series between the Boston Nine and the Haymakers
of Troy, took place on the grounds of the former, in the’
presence of a very fair assemblage of spectators. The
following account of the game is from tho Boston
Herald
The Haymakers, who have drawn remarkably large
crowds here, were averse to playing with such a discour
aging financial prospect before them, knowing that
many who would otherwise attend the match would be
deterred by the rainy weather. Even after arriving on
the ground they hung on strongly for a mere exhibition
game, not desiring to let this one end the series; but the
Boston men knew their business and, being confident of
success, determined to satisfy themselves and the public
by wilding up the series. The result was a brilliant
victory for the Boston Nine, in seven innings, the score
being 12 to 3. Notwithstanding the unpleasant weather,
about 1,000 persons assembled to witness the game,
which was commenced at twenty-five minutes past 3
o’clock, the Haymakers having lost the toss and going
to the bat.
First Inning—Haymaker.—McGeary hit to Barnes
and was easily retired. York sent a fly which went
squarely into Birdsall’s hands, but which for some un
accountable reason was squarely muffed. Flowers was
out by a fly to Birdsall. Jblynn then made a two base
hit, sending York home. King and McMullen earned
first base, but were left on third and second, Pike being
third out on three strikes. Two runs. Boston—George
Wright and Barnes made safe hits. Birdsall went out
on a fly to Flynn. McVey and SpalCtag then batted
safely, and the former got his run on a wild pitch: hut
Al” was left on first, Gould going out on a fly to King
and Schaffer being retired at first. Tnree runs. Score
2 to 3.
Second Inning—Haymaker.—Bellan made a first base
hit. Craver hit to George Wright, who picked up the
ball and passed it to Barnes; the latter handled it
quickly to Gould, making a pretty double play and the
only one of the game. McGeary then went by bchafer to
Gould. No runs. Boston—Barrows flyed out toPike,
Harry Wright gave a fly to Craver, and George was out
at first base, Bellan assisting. No runs. Score 2to 3.
Third Inninf— Haymaker. York was overcome by
the agilty of “Georgie” and the tenacity of Gould.
Flowers earned a base, and went to second on a wild
pitch. Flynn fell a victim on the first base. King
should have been third out; but, sending an easy fly to
Schafer, the latter let it drop from his bauds, and Flow
ers came home. McMullin then went out at first base.
One run. Boston.—Barnes batted for a base, and a wild
throw by King made him safe on his second. Birdsall
popped a fly into Bellan’s hands, and the latter, follow
ing Schafer’s example, dropped it. Barnes and Birdsall
succeeded in stealing home while McVey was going out
on a fly to Bellan, Spalding to King, and Gould on the
firbt base. Two runs. Score 3to 5.
Fourth Inning—Haymaker.—Pike gave George Wright
a chance to make his only error in the whole game,
which he did by throwing rather poorly to Gould, wiio
did not stop the ball. Pike reached no farther than sec
ond base, however, as Bellan was captured on the foul
bound by McVey, who also secured Craver on a foul tip.
George Wright “cooked” McGeary by taking him on
the fly. No runs. Boston.—Schafer was caugnt on the
fly by Pike, Barrows succumbed after sending a foul to
McGeary, and Harry Wrighb was third out by Flowers
to Flynn. No runs. Score 3to 5.
Fifth Inning—Haymaker.—York laid down the bat.
when McVey rook his foul bound, Flowers was satisfied
at the way George passed the bah to Gould, and Flynn
was another. No runs. Boston—George Wright made
a safe hit; Barnes went out by a fly to York and Birdsall
on a foul tip to McGeary. McVey batted safe’y for a
base. Spalding then took the bat, and eent the ball far
into the open field, taking two buses. He w -sletton
second, however, as Gould added another to his list of
outs. Score 3to 7.
Sixth Inning—Haymaker.—King cried “enough”
when he saw George pick up tne ball and gently toss it
to Gould. McMullin didn’t see nis base, for, as he
couldn’t hit the ball after striking three times, he was
out. Pike then sent a foul bound to McVey. No runs.
Boston.—Shafer was retired by Flowers and Flynn. Bar
rows made his first and only base hit, but unfortunately
ran on a foul, and was put out. Harry was third out by
a fly to Pike. No runs. Score3to7.
Seventh Inning—Haymaker.—Bellan and Craver went
out by the fielding skill of Barnes ana Gould. McGeary
made a safe hit, but was left on third, as York hit a fly
to Barrows. No runs. Boston.—George Wright earned
his base. Barnes got the ball away over King’s head, in
the left field, and took third base on the hit. Birdsall
got first on a square muff bv Pike. McVey and Spald
ing made safe hits, and both came home on a wild pitch:
Gould then went out on the first base, and Schafer and
Barrows by flics to York ana Pike. Five runs. Score
3 to 12.
It was now rapidly growing dark, but the Haymakers
went in and made two runs on the n?xt inning, only one
first baso hit being made- Harry Wright then opened
for tho Bostons with a two base hit, and George got on
his first, but at that point fielding the ball had become a
matter of great difficulty, and the game was called, re
verting, of course, to the end of the seventh inning.'
Ou the whol tho Boston nine pbt'yed a splendid
game. Schnier was not in his usual trim, and with one
exception the two or three errors which he made are
excusable. On the ba?es he shoybd well as usual. The
nlaying of Spalding, MoVoy and George Wright wm
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
nearly as brilliant as in the Mutual game, Barne
made one or two splendid plays, and committed but on
error. Following is the Before:
o. B. 18. T, HAYKAKER. O. R 18. I
Gr Wright, 5.8,1 3 3 3 McGeary. o 3 0 1
Barges, 2 b 1 3 3 5 York, c. f 3 1 0 I
Birdfeail, r.f... .2 2 0 0 Flowers, e, s. .2 1 1
McV®& o 1 3 3 3 Flynn, r. f..,,..2 11
Spaukang, p.. .1 13 4 King, 1 b 1 0 11
Gould, lb; 4 O' 0 0 McMullin, p..,3 0 1
Schafer, Tb ...4 0 0 0 Pike, r. f 2 0 0
Barrows, k f.. .4 0 11 Bellan, 3 b 3 0 11
H.WrightrC. f. 3 0 O’ 0 Craver. 2b 2 0 0 C
Innings..,-, 1 2| 3| 4|, 5| 6| 7| Total.
Boston S’ 01 2 1 01 ?l 0 1 61—12
Haymakers... 2 0| 1| 0| 0| 0| 0| —3
Jluns earned—Boston, 6; Haymaker, 0; First base on
errors—Boston, Heymaker. 3. Umpire—Mr. Fergu
son r of tho Mutual Club. Time'of game—Two hours and
fifteen minutes.
ECKFORDvs. MISTUAL.
On Friday, the dividing game'of the championship
series between the Mutuals and Eckfords was played on
the Unicn'ground. The game opened with a fair pros
pect of turning out to an interceding one, but soon
the Eckfords got on the yrowl, and consequently began
to muff. The result wav that all interest in the game
was lost, a.d*i ihe game coacludoi with She score as fol
lows:
Innings I|2|3J4 |6| 6 8| 9 Total.
Eckford. .-...0 1 01 01 II 01 11 01 01 21 4
Mutual -..01 31 2| 1| 7| 2| 4| 0| 41 —23
Umpire—Mr. Wiggins, Athletic Club. Brooklyn. Time
of game—One hour and flfty-fi?e minutes.
STAl>vs. YALE UNIVERSITY.
Yesterday afternoon the Stars of Brooklyn, and Yale
University nine, played their first game this season on
the Capitoline grotSnd. The game did nob begin until
3:40, and the consequence was, it had to be called at the
end of the fifth inning, after occupying one honr and
three quarters time. The score was Star, 14, Yale, 6.
BASE BALL NOTES.
The Eckford and Atlantic Clubs play on the Capitoline
ground to-morrow.
On Thursday, an amusing game will be played on the
Elysian Fields, Hoboken, between the heavy weights of
the Eagle and Oriental Clubs. The contest ia intended
to baa muffin one, and in order to secure such a result
they will play with a large India-rubber ball and flat bat.
©ity anil
AID FOR ChTcAGO.
Tlae Grand Cisaritable Move
ment in New York City.
The People of All Classes Giving
Liberally.
LAK4JE SUMS RAISE® BAiLY,
Long Credit^fov Chicago Merchants.
THE FUND BAISED BY THE POLICE.
Collections Being Taken by All
Religious Bodies.
APl’i'.AS. OF Til!'. CUAMBEa OF
cosuiiiacE.
COD BLESS THE CEXEROFS SEW YORKERS.
Since the work of aiding the sufferers by the Chi
cago fire commenced in thia city, no body of men
has done more or labored more faithfully than the
police. They have contributed liberally, many of
the precincts having already made full returns, and
the work of subscription and coat ribution is still
going on.
Police Commissioners Smith, Barr, Manierre and
Bosworth have each contributed $100; Superintend
ent Kelso, SSO; Inspectors Dilks, Walling and Jame
son, $25 each. The following precincts have thus
far contributed and raised the following sums, be
sides quantities of ciotaing:
COLLECTIONS BY THE POLICE.
The following is a list of the Precincts from which
money has been received by Commissioner Barr,
with the amounts from each, to be placed to the
credit of the Chicago sufferers:
Precinct. Prerinct.
2d 236 00 19ih $236 16
3d 1,374 23 21st 00
4th 412 05 221 215 45
6th 1,405 25 28;h 20 00
7th 112 00 29 th 194 03
Bth 329 75 30th 46 00
9th 661 16 Sanitary 138 CO
14th 148 00 Detective 100 00
15th 105 00 4th Dist. Court.. 8 00
16th 402 15 r
17th 816 50 Total $7,525 67
18th 116 00
In addition to the above, the Police Commissioners
each gave a check for $lO9, making a total of
$7,925 67.
The following articles were yesterday shipped by
Police Commissioner Barr to tho Relief Committee
at Chicago: From tho First Precinct—two bales of
blankets. From the Second Precinct—two bundles
and one case of clothing. From the Eighth Precinct
—one barrel of bread, one barrel of flour, one box
of cheese, two casoa of clothing, one dozen shirts
and drawers, 1% dozen woolen hoods, three bun
dles of clothing, one barrel of potatoes. From the
Eighteenth Precinct—one case of shoes.
The work of collecting is still going on. It will be
noticed that many of the precincts have not yet
made their returns, so that the total amount will be
largely added to. It will probably reach $12,000.
The Sixth Precinct have raised $1,405; of this
amount Justice Dowling and Morgan Jones gave
SIOO each, and Police Captain Thomas Kennedy SSO.
Several firms also gave liberally. The Sixth is tho
banner ward or precinct thus far reported, it will be
seen..
THE ALLEGED HANGING OF NEW YORK
THIEVES.
The accounts telegraphed from Chicago of the
hanging and shooting of plunderers and Incendi
aries, among them a number of New York thieves,
are, unfortunately, not true. Dutch Heinrich, the
bank thief, and George Butts, the pickpocket, are in
this city. Barney Aaron, the prize-fighter and pick
pocket, ia said to be in Albany. And, finally, Gen.
Sheridan declares that the stories of hanging and
shooting are sheer fabrications. The better-disposed
class of the community will learn this with sorrow.
It was hoped that this community was rid forever of
the presence of these outlaws.
UNLIMITED CREDIT FOR CHICAGO MER
CHANTS.
The Fifth Avenue, Metropolitan, St. Nicholas,
Grand Central, Astor House and other Hotels, are
filled with merchants from Chicago, all anxious to
procure stocks of goods to replace those that were
burned. The country merchants for hundreds of
miles around look to Chicago merchants to supply
them. In fact, Chicago and St. Louis are the great
distributing centres for more than one-half of the
United States.
To the credit of our merchants be it said, ttjat they
have behaved in the liberal manner in the way of
giving credits. From three to four months has
been for the past few years, in fact, ever since the
year 1861, the rule. This time has been extended
to six and in many- cases nine months. It is not
alone Arnold, Constable Co., Claflin Co., R. T.
Bliss Co., James McCreery Co., A. T. Stewart
Co., P. B. Chittenden Co,, Lord Taylor, and
the other large houses that have done this. The
smaller houses, and those in other lines, clothing,
furniture, hardware, &c., have pursued the same
policy. This, more than anything else, will tend
to set the Chicago merchants on their feet, and aid
them in rebuilding the “City of the Plains,” and
restoring it to its former greatness and prosperity}
COLLECTIONS IN THE SYNAGOGUES.
Collections were taken up yesterday in all the
Jewish Temples of worship throughout the city,
and the response has been most liberal. In the
Temple Adath Jeshurun, in West Thirty-ninth
street, and the new Temple in Fifth avenue, very
large collections were made. The total amount
collected in all the synagogues and tempies will be
made known on Monday.
COLLECTIONS TO BE TAKEN UP TO-DAY IN ALL
THE CHURCHES.
A general collection will be taken up to-day in all
the churches in this city, Brooklyn, and probably
surrounding cities and villages.
ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS.
The following is the amount received up to yester
day forenoon from all sources, but it is known that
there is considerable more collected, and not yet
reported:
Chamber of Commerce $48,265 15
Adams Co 10,000 00
City of Brooklyn 3,215 00
Stationers’Belief Committee... 18,300 00
Miscellaneous 26,692 99
Insurance companies 20,000 00
Hardware trade 15,111 50
Total for October 13 $141,583 64
Previously reported 726,525 44
Grand total $868,109 08
ISUBSCRIPTIONS BY HOTEL PROPRIETORS.
The leading hotel proprietors in this city have sub
scribed the following amounts:
R. French, French’s Hotel SI,OOO
S. Hawk, St. Nicholas Hotel 2,000
C. A. Stetson’s Sons, Astor House 250
W. G. Schenck, Merchants’ Hotel 250
Simmons Co., Hoffman House 1,000
C. H. Read, Hoffman House 500
Tweed Garfield, Metropolitan Hotel 250
H. H. T. A. Brockvzay, Ashland House 75
Charles B. Ferrin, Westminster Hotel 75
Elias Hotchkiss, St. James Hotel 100
Henry M. Smith, Grand Hotel 250
H. L. Powers, Grand Central Hotel 250
Rand Brothers, St. Cloud Hotel 100
D. Sweeny, Sweeny’s Hotel 500
Officers and employees St. Nicholas Hotel 325
Guest d 0..... 50
Officers and employees French’s Hotel 117
Friend d 0............ 25
Wm. Wilkinson, Supt. Metropolitan Hotel 50
Earle Brothers, Eare’s Hotel. 250
M. M. Van Dyke’s Hotel and Saloon 50
Clarendon and Everett..., 500
T. D. Winchester, Western Hotel 3joo
Total ..<«•«•«o-wt.• .$8,094
THE FUND AT THg MAYOR'S OFFICE.
3 Tho following are tia subscription 1 received at
ths Mayor's office:
i Thomae Huat SSOO
Edward T. Hani 100
A. Vandervoort, 100
Hildise Band, Ho, 157 32
A.- and S. Trask 100
i A. It. Samtielie and employees 144
D.D. Whitney........ 100
R. B. Smith,..-.-. 5
Nicholas Wyckoff.,, SCO
Harvey W, Peace and employees
Hoyt Trait 100
Stella Lodge, No, 485, F. and A. M. l.OOtr
Membsre of Stella Lodge'--. J. H, Rhodes, $75;
J. M. Hooper, SSS; C.W.Willeits, SSO; Drtiiel
Grant, $5; B. W. Palmer. $25; E. H. Crai-ro,
$25; Edwin Gales, $73; £wob Steiner, S2O;
C. L-Pofer, S2O; fI,C. Bitmap, $25; Henry
Beam, S2O; c. H. Pelietreau, S2O; W. K
Young, $10: J. F. Luckalew, $10: W. li’.-
Buclalew, $10; J. F. Ddloni $10; Wiihaai
31COI1, $5; 5. Guile, gU'- H:-W. Miche $10;
8,-R. Welker, $2; A. C Bliruham, $5; Wm. A.
Fowler, $100; George Gain, SIOO. T0ta1.... 550
Emjiloyees of Hubbard Whittaker 153
Caeli, n.-. 5
THE SONS CT TEMPERANCE MOVING.
The fallowing appeal has been' issued:
Many &f our brothers in Chicago l are sufferers by”
tho conflagration. The Grand Beribe’s office is in
ruins. To comfort tho afflicted arsd relieve the
distressed” is a portion of the cherished principles
of our order. Let us send to tho Blighted iiomes of
our brothers in the West some substantial token of
our remembrance in the hour of thcdr adversity.
Subscriptions may be sent to the Grand Scribe, No.
58 Reade street. A. W. Gleason, Gfc. W. P. B. 11.
Hopkins, G. S.
THE AMERICAN INSTITUB EAIB.
The following are tho amounts received from the
American Institute Fair building on Friday:
Total receipts at doors, Friday,. $2,727 75; em
ployees of the Institute, $l6B 50; Keating's orches
tra, S6O; Seaman’s restaurant employees, s6l 50;
Visitors’ contributions, S3O 24; Miscellaneous, sl2.
Total, $2,462 99.
THE VARIOUS TRADES?.
The following are additional subscriptions of the
various hat, cap, tur, straw goods, flower and; feather
importers, etc.:
Previously reported.' ,$41X151 20
Eiseman Mayer 203 00
M. J. Steinberger Sons 100 00
Bal’ard, Halley Co 100 00
Marks Lasky 50 00
C B. Rutan 25 00
J. Phillips &Co 10 00
Schnair Klein 50 00
D. Lichtenstein 5 00
E. Nathouson 1 00
M. Brose 1 00 1
$40,693 20
AP2EAL OF THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
The Committee of One Hundred appointed by the
Chamber of Commerce have issued a long address,
closing as follows:
When all that can be done has been done, there is
too much reason to fear i wi 1 fall far short of what
is needed. By-and-by, Iho excitement that sustains
and animates the multitude will give place to the
necessities that govern our relations one to another.
Winter will draw near, and add new severity to the
woes that now hang around the houseless and. un-
employed. In the destruction of churches, ware- j
houses, elevators, and in the breaking un of various
industries, and in cutting off all the manifold sources c
of supply which are required to meet the wants of a f
populous city, it is to be borne in mind that the- oc- j
cupations of men are lost; and it is not possible, in
many years, to restore the machinery which kept so 1
many of the middle class busy; affording them the
means of sustaining themselves and families.. The i
mechanic and tho laborer,’'the mason and the car
penter, and all who can aid in the erection of new
structures in the place of those destroyed, will find
enough to do. i
But that large class of middle men who have t
found employment in, thousands of stores, hotels,
banks, insurance companies, and other Institutions,
meantime, will wait m penury—at the earliest—the
far distant day of restoration. In anticipation of the
amount of distress which it is impossible to foresee
or fully to measure, and equally difficult to exagger
ate, tho committee appointed by the Chamber of
Commerce feel impelled to address an earaesfeapp?al
to their follow-citizens, to the end that in tins, tho
appointed time, there may be no relaxation in the
effort to bring 1 ome to every man and woman in i
church, and out of church the,urgent demand of the
hour.
All classes, all creeds, all nationalities are doing
well in this noble work of chanty. God bless the
great-hearted people of New York.
KEROSENK EXPLOSIONS.
CAUTION TO THE PUBLIC BY THE FIRE MAR-
SHAL.
Office of the Fjbe Marshal of New York City.
No. 300 Mulberry street,
New York, October 14, 1871.
To the Public. —A very instructive lesson may
be learned from the late disastrous conflagration in
Chicago, and it behooves the people of this city as
the cold weather approaches, and/ the danger of fire
becomes more imminent, that they should not allow
this lesson to go unheeded. It has been ascertained
that thisjflre, which has causod.so much destruction
of life and property, originated in tho
CARELESS USE OF KEROSENE OIL.
Some person went into a stable after dark with a
kerosene lamp. By carelessness or accident the
lamp was upset An explosion ensued, and as the
flames arose, a high wind- prevailing, they spread
too rapidly to be within human control, carrying
death and destruction into the very heart of the city
for miles around. Such is the story in brief of the
origin of the great conflagration. Wo have ascer
tained in our investigations as to the origin of fires, 1
and in the performance of the duties imposed by law
upon this office, that a large percentage of the fires
in this city are occasioned by the use of kerosene oil
and other products of petroleum used for lighting
and heating purposes; and so groat had the danger
become that the Legislature at its last session, upon
proper representations from this office, passed
stringent taws to guird m future- against this dan
ger.
We find that in many instances the people who
use these
DANGEROUS OILS FOR LIGHTING
and heating purposes, are ignorant of the character
of tho material used, and they are also ignorant of
the provisions of law restricting their sale and use
for the purposes above-mentioned. In fact, they are
often deceived by tho retail dealers in these danger
ous oils, who, giving a new-fangled name to some
product of petroleum, equally as dangerous as any
heretofore in use, by touching a lighted match to
some of the oil in an open vessel without igniting
tho same, lead them to believe that there is no pos
sibility of an explosion, and, therefore, the people
are less careful than they otherwise would be.
By whatever name it may be called, any oil or
.fluid that emits a combustible vapor below one hun
dred degrees Fahrenheit is very dangerous indeed,
and the law prohibits its sale or use for illuminating
aud heating purposes. Scientific investigations have
shown that a very large proportion of the oils in use
are below this standard. The more volatile the oil,
the cheaper it can bo furnished. The people should
be very cautious in the use of any of these oils.
Lamps should never be filled except by daylight.
If the vapor arising while filling the lamp should be
carried by a current of air, as is often the case, to a
light even in a distant part of the room, an explosion
would follow. This is the cause of many fires in this
city. Another
COMMON BUT DANGEROUS PRACTICE,
is that of turning the light down low when retiring
for the night. By this means the wick becomes en
crusted, and the tube of the lamp heated, whereby a
vapor is generated, and explosion ensues. A large
proportion of fires are traceable to this cause. Since
the organization of this Bureau, in May, 1868, and
up to October 1, 1871, there have been 3,213 fires in
this city, of which 954 or 29 69 per cent, were caused
by carelessness of occupants in using matches, can
dles, &0., and children playing with matches; 450 or
14 per cent, were caused by kerosene, gasoline,
liquid gas, and other products of petroleum—almost
in every instance of a quality below the legal stand
ard, and therefore unsafe in the hands of the igno
rant and careless; 223 or 6,94 per cent, were caused
by overheated stoves, stovepipes, and furnaces—
making upward of fifty per cent, of the total number
originating from the causes above enumerated. The
total loss during the same period, is estimated at
$9,717,240.
POWERS OF THE FIRE MARSHAL.
By the provisions of Chapter 584 of the laws of
1871, it becomes the duty of the Fire Marshal “To
enter into any building or premises within said city,
for the purpose of examining or causing to be ex
amined, the stoves and pipes thereto, ranges, fur
naces, and beating apparatus of every kind whatso
ever, including the chimneys, flues, and pipes with
which the same may be connected, engine rooms,
boilers, ovens, kettles, and also all chemical appa
ratus or other things which in his opinion may be
dangerous in causing or promoting fires, or danger
ous to firemen, or occupants, in case of fire,” and
sufficient authority is granted by said act to enforce
the orders or directions given in connection there
with.
We, therefore, invite all citizens who may be cog
nizant of anything dangerous in causing or promot
ing fires, or dangerous to firemen or occupants in
case of fire,” or of any violation of the law for
THE PREVENTION OF FIRES
in this city, to make complaint without de’ay to this
office, and the same will be promptly attended to.
We cannot too strongly impress upon the pubio the
necessity of notifying this office at once of every
violation of law in this respect. In a vast majority
of cases the offence can in no other way be brought
to the notice of the proper authorities.
It will be observed by the foregoing statement that
during a period of nearly three and.ahalf years the
estimated loss by fires in this city is less, than ten
millions of dollars; and yet by a single, fire in Chi
cago, caused by carelessness in the use of kerosene,
the loss is estimated as high as two hundred mil
lions.
This great calamity ia a very heavy blow upon the.
Insurance Companies in this oily, as well as through
out the county. Although but comparatively few
of them not be able to withstand the shook, un- i
doubleiiy many are to a more or tees ejected.
I if not crippled. The protection of the Instance
t 1 Coinpany is the protection of the insured. In vfew
(X 311 the above facts, it is of the utmost important#
thfst every Individual ehonls exercise’ the greatest
caution in the use of combustible and explosive sub
stance# and materials, and shoftld,-without hesita
i tion, riport to this office everything considered
dangeroUO in causing or promotf*g By this
means m.viry fires will bo prevented and Ihu city
may be say&d from a great conflagration during the
coming winter.
Thomas’ McSfkdon,
CITY SWINDLES.
PAST AND PRESENT ROB
BERY OF'EMIGRANTS;•
THE BELT RIG GAME.
Description of the Manner in whth
the Scoundrels Play it.
SEFEBAL STR!KIiS® CASES IS PO23T.
7k Poor (HA Man RobbeiL— A. Hardworking,
Honest Irtsliraan SwladleA—Two iln
g.lish Workmen llefi-aaiod.
tbs Swindlers Are—Bow they Escape
Banisiuaeßt—Shielded from Justiea
by the Bing..
Efforts of the Authorities to Break
Up the Belt G-aroe.
Ever:sinoe tho tide of emigration first to set
toward our shores, there has been a-systematic at.
tempt mane by certain parties to robsthe poor emi
grant, and this has generally been done in such
away as.to leave to the victim practically no redress.
Political influence has, in a great majority of In
st mces, shielded the thieves. Men,, possessing
magisterial powers, have used their authority to
shield this, class of criminals, instead? of bringing
them to justice. It is this state of things that has
made the name of our city a by-word and. reproach*
not alone in this country, but in all the cities of the
Old World, from whence immigrants sail for our
shores. Worse still,
BAGGAGE SMASHERS AND EMIGRANT THIEVES
have themselves-been elected to office, some of them
members of the Common Council, who have; secured
their nominations with money filched from those
just landed, ignorant of our ways and laws, and
therefore helpless to protect themselves against
these harpies-
The sentiment of the better class of the com
munity was at length sufficiently aroused to prevent
these outrages,, and stringent measures adopted by
the Commissioners of Emigration, and, above all,
the forwarding of the immigrants from Castle Gar
den to their destinations, via tho lines of railway or
steamboats, without allowing them to come* iu con
tact with the thieves who had so long preyed on
them, had the effect of finally breaking up the
gangs, and repressing their operations. Then fol
lowed the
TICKET SWINDLING GAME,
but this was broken up by the steamship and rail
road companies, who made a point of prosecuting
all offenders who sold tickets purporting to be issued i
by the comoanies, but which were really worthless.
This evil disappeared like the other.
The latest phase of rascality is what is known as
THE BELT GAME.
For the benefit of those who do not know its modus
operandi, we will explain, premising that in nearly
every instance it is practiced on those who propose
to visit the other side, those coming from the old
world being guarded by the Commissioners of Emi
gration at Castle Garden. The victim is met by one
of the hangers-on of the swindler while crossing the
ferry from the Erie Railway depot, at tho Great
Union depot at Forty-second street, or at the steam
boat landings. Ha is accosted by the harpy, who
soon worms from him where he is going, and sug
gests that ho knows a place where a passage ticket
can be bought at a reduction. The victim accom
panies his naw acquaintance to one of the swindling
establishments in Albany or Liberty streets, down
town or in Canal or West streets, in the vicinity of the
Inman line of steamers. A genuine ticket is sold
him, and the victim is then asked if he does not
want to change his greenbacks into foreign gold, as
the former would be useless to him where he is
going. Naturally, he consents, and gives his gold to
the man in charge of the office, and receives a re
ceipt for the amount. He is told to call at a certain
lime, generally an hour or two before the steamer cn
which he has engaged passage sails. The coin owing
him is counted out in his pre lenoe in order that he
may see that it is correct, and oftentimes the calcu
lation of the rate of exchange is shown him. Tho
victim is thus deluded into the belief that ho is deal
ing with honorable mon. The money thus counted
is placed in a belt, and the victim is taken into a
back room, that it may be strapped around his per
son, beneath his clothing.
Ho is cautioned not to allow any one to know
where his money is concealed, or it may be stolen
frem him. While his back is turned, the belt con
taining the money is dexterously replaced by an
other containing about one-quarter the sum, the
difference in weight between the lesser and greater
sums being made up by substituting in part silve r
for gold. The victim is then hurried on board tho
steamer, and in the excitement and bustle of de
parture, does not examine the sum in his belt. Not
until he has been hours, perhaps days, at sea, does
he count his money, and then be discovers the fraud
that has been practised on him. It will be weeks
before he can return and prosecute those who have
robbed him, with the certainty that they will have
plenty of witnesses to outswear him.
THE LEADERS OF THE SCOUNDRELS.
The most noted rascals engaged in this nefarious
business, are Charley Moore, lately holding a clerk
ship in the Department of Public Works, and a bro
ther of ex-Aiderman John Moore, of the First Ward;
Michael Ryan, a Tammany politician, and John
McDermott, also a Democratic politician in the First
Ward, These men are the relatives or intimates of
tho leading Democratic politicians in the city, and
have, until lately, held sinecures under the city and
county governments. Is it any wonder that they
deemed themselves secure from punishment?
Charley Moore, the leader and the keeper of the
swindling ticket-office, has been arrested on several
occasions, and after going through the farce of a
magisterial examination, has been allowed to go, no
further steps being taken against him. Such immu
nity from punishment has emboldened the thieves,
and they have been in the habit of boasting that
they would make it hot for any one who interfered
Tvith them.”
HOW AN OLD MAN WAS ROBBED.
A venerable old gentleman, whose age and ignor
ance of the ways of the city would have insured his
receiving aid from any one else but these wretches,
a few weeks ago came on to this city from a Western
State. Ho had in his possession SI,BOO in currency,
with which he intended to bring over bis wife and
family from the old country, and make some pur
chases there. He was decoyed into an office some
where down town, and by the same means we have
above described, robbed of three-fourths of the
amount. He discovered his loss before the steamer
sailed, and made complaint to the police, One of
Moore’s gang was arrested, but the old gentleman,
owing to his being near-sighted, could not identify
him nor any of the others who were subsequently
arrested as belonging to the gang who were present
when his money was changed;, nor, owing to his
being a stranger here, could he tell the location of
the office where he was taken to. It was therefore
impossible to recover his money or punish the
thieves.
A STILL HARDER CASE.
Only a few month ago an honest, hard working
Irishman, who had been employed on one of the
New Jersey Railroads in the capacity of brakeman,
and had managed by close saving to get together
about S3OO, came on to this city to purchase a pas
sage ticket for Queenstown. Like very many others
of his countrymen, he was anxious to help his rela- I
tives by bringing them to this country. It was his
purpose to bring a young brother and sister out
with him, and the efforts of the three were then to
be turned to the task of accumulating sufficient to
pay the passage of their aged parents, and the young-
er children.
He was decoyed into the office of Ryan, and, under
pretense of changing his currency into gold, was
robbed in the usual manner. When the unfortunate
fellow counted his money, after being two or three
days at sea, he found only five English sovereigns
and fifteen or eighteen silver pieces—-not dhe-fifth
the amount he was entitled to have 'received in ex
change. He made a complaint to the agent of the
steamship company when he reached Queenstown,
and was sent back free on the return steamer. Ryan
was arrested, and held to awa<t an examination, but
managed, by some trickery, Ao escape.
Lately, however, for soy.e reason, the attention of
the authorities has been, directed to this outrageous
evil, and they have attempted to put an end to it.
Why they have not w ved in the matter before is not
apparent. Certainly it was not for lack of cases or
evidence. Thera,sare those ill-natured enough to say
that the war carx\ed on by the Committee of Seventy
has hastened desired but tardy action on the
part of our lav z officers. Even at this late day it is
welcome.
ONE ROBBERY TOO MANY.
Two Englishmen, named Charles Millard and
Chart?,- 3 Heale, two years ago came to this country
and settled in Alton, 111., where they saved $l5O
i eoo’a. a few weeks ago they came on to this city,
I i r ..ending to visit their friondp in Knalaud. On tha
Jersey City toy-boat m‘et cSie John
who got into with' theih/ afid offered
take’ them to an where they could get their
money changed. On I’Mching sid« r the party
met by Michael ilyah’ dad' fear Davie. ?£iL
lari-? and 1 Heale were to a G/etnwich street
boarding-houso, and on tim following: day to the
office No.-146 Liberty street.
Ticket"" were purchased fezf them by fib Anchor
Line, at the regular price, S2B. Tho men ware then
asked if they did not waut their stoney changed into
gold. They declined, but consented to haV6 their
money counted* to- see if it was rignt. When it way
returned, it was siio short. BrySff Leopold and
Davis were arrested and the complain-ants wore sont
to the House-of Dontion to await the trial'of th©
thieves, as it wsw Certain that if allowed to go
the friends of the thieves would smuggiS them away
or buy them off from prosecuting.
THE LEADING SPIRIT ARRESTED.
Charley Moore was -arrested some time ago on a
charge of swindling a-n emigrant out of He of
course, found no difficulty in.obtaining the neces
sary bail, and flattered himself that he would hear
no more of the case. This theft was committed in
Moore’s up-town office,, at No. 508 Canal
consequence of the bad ©d-or the place had attained,
it has besn closed for several weeks.
MOORE AND McDERMOTT ARRESTED.
Moore and McDermott, his partner, soim?timA ago
robbed a poor Prussian name! Koraack of a consid
erable Gum. Korriack returned, and caused their ar
rest, Of course thoy were bailed as usual, and'th©
complainant sent to the House of Detention. Me-
Dermott wa» soon afterward: arrested on another
charge of robbing an Englishman named Aaron
Johasowof
THE TRIAL OF THE THIEVES.
One after another four of these heartless soon a-'
drels have been placed on trial,, convicted, and sen
tenced to five yeffißß imprisonment each in Slag Sing,
And the authorities promise that the others shall bo
convicted it possible. Those who have been convict*-
ed are Davis,. Leopold, Ryan and McDermott.
utmost exactions were made by political friends to
save Ryan and McDermott, but after a tough fight,
they were convicted- One of the; best witnesses for
the prosecution, waa Officer Freeman, of tho Twenty
sixth Precinct, and to- his exertions is in good park
due the conviction of the gang. After Ryan’s con
viction, ho was surrounded by a number of friends,
prominent among whom was Assemblyman Michael
Madigan, who was loud in his expressions of sympa
thy tor the prisoner;
MOORE HAS FLED.
On Tuesday last the case of Moore was called for
trial. He had become-alarmed at the fate of bis com
panions, and feeling, that his po'itical influence waa
powerloss to save had concluded it to be better
to leave town, for-a. time, at least. His bail was de
clared forfeited. Actions will bo at once commenced
against all others, District Attorney Garvin declaring
that he will prosecute; in every case that may ba
brought before him, and beseems in these cases; to
be an earnest.
THE GANG FOR THE TIME BROKEN UP.
The police say that in consequence of the bold,
sharp action of the authorities, those swindling gangs
have boon effectually broken up, and there is liitla
chance that they will again commence operations tor
some time to come.. There are those who ask why
this vigorous course; could not have been adop.ed
some time ago.
WHAT THE. THIEVES HAVE MADE.
It is, of course,, impossible to tell just now ho*-?
much tho thieves have made; but there are those
who place the aggregate amount as high as $150,000
per annum. Charley Moore is credited with being
worth from $30,003 to SIO,OOO, and some oi the
others from SIO,OOO to $20,000. There are so many
of the cases where the victim does not return and
make complaint, and others, as in tho case of tha
old man mentioned above, who are unable to give
any definite information of the places where thoy
were robbed, or identify the thieves, that only a
guess can be made of the extent of the operations of
the various gangs in this city and Hoboken, in the
vicinity of tho German steamers, during tho past
year.
What new scheme will be devised by these rascals
for robbing the ignorant and unwary? It is per
fectly certain that the Bolt Game” is played cut.
HENBY WARKbEECHEB.
AND
DR. SHERMAN.
These distinguished personages are hard at work
for the benefit of mankind. The former administers
to spiritual comforts, aud the latter to bodily. Which
of them is the most successful is a question ;*but we
think the doctor’s doings are the most tangible, par
ticularly when he reduces tho rupture, and. closes
the breach. Beecher speaks strongly of the doctor’s
ability, having been benefited by soma of his appli
cations; yet he is but one of thousands who may
point to Dr. Sherman’s rupture cure method as a
specific. We say, go ye who are ruptured and be
healed, for trusses are an abiding curse.
Tho above is from tho Telegram, of October 9th,
the editor of which understands rupture and its
treatment, and knows to whom the afflicted should
apply for a radical cure. Dr. Shermantemethod ia
unmistakable, and no one interested can do bettoi
than avail themselves of it.
Minor Item.— Arrests in, this city
during the past week, 1,705.
Anne Stephens, aged twenty-four, died suddenly
early yesterday at N0.,122 East Fourth street.
The police of the Twentieth Precinct, yesterday ar
rested three men for shipping six kogs<of powder on
b"ard a sloop bound for Barnegat, .without having
obtained a permit.
During the past week there have heen in this city
232 marriages; 550 births; 53 stilb births; and 486
deaths.
Augustus Hagan, aged forty-nice, of Sullivan
County, N. Y., while stepping offcar No. 50, of the
Third avenue line, at tho corner of Duane and
Chatham streets, slipped and fell, breaking his leg.
He was taken to the Park Hospital-
The following acting sergeants were yesterday
promoted to-be full sergeants:: John R. Groo and H.
R. Woodruff, of the Tenth Proeinct; M. M. Rooney,
Eighteenth Precinct; Wm. Murray, Eighth Precinct,
and Eugehe T. Woodward,. Fifth Precinct.
Timothy McCarthy, an habitual drunkard for ten
years past, although but twenty-eight years of age,
dropped dead yesterday at the corner of Madison
and Oliver streets. The body wag removed to tha
Morgue.
A Banner Raising. —Thera is a
grand flutter of excitement pervading the -politi
cians of tho East ©ide, especially among those of
tho Fourth Ward. On Monday evening there is to
be a grand banner raising and open air demonstra
tion in honor of the Fourth Ward’s favorite son,
James 'Dunphy. As all the details and prepara
tions are under the auspices of the Dunphy Auc
tion the affair is sure to be conducted in tho com
pietest manner. Of its success under such auspices
there need not bo the slightest doubt, as thc.mem*
bars of tho Association undertake nothing, which
they cannot carry through to a successful, issue
The banner raising will take place on Monday even*
ing at 8 o’clock at No. 405 Pearl street.
Attempted Murder in West street.
—Frank Riley, of No. 259 West street, while proceed
ing homeward early yesterday, when at the corner
of West and King streets he was met by.an unknown
man, who, without provocation, fired a pistol at him,
the ball passing close to his head. The, would-be
assassin then knocked him down with the pistol*,
but becoming alarmed at the outcries, of Riley,
assailant fled, without inflicting further injury. The
cause of the assault and the assailant are unknown.
It is conjectured that it is soma one who has. a
grudge against Riley. The police are looking
the assailant.
The Way to See the Yacht Races.
—Our readers who intend witnessing the Queen’s
Cup Race cannot find more pleasant accommodations
than will be furnished on the steamboat Magenta—a
fast and staunch boat. Capt. Ayres is one of the
most courteous of gentlemen, and he will leave no
thing undone which can add to the comfort of hia
guests.
Fatal Fall from a Tree. —Coroner
Keenan held an inquest yesterday at No. 351
Thirty-ninth street, in the case of Thomas Gray*
aged nine years. One week ago the deceased, while
gathering nuts in .Hoboken, fell frpm a tree, and re
ceived a fractur©. of the thigh, Irom. the effect of
which he died an Friday night..
Masonic Relief. —Covenant Lodge,
No. 7 (ooKjed), F. and A. ML* donated on last Thur©*
day evening the sum of SIOO, and forwarded tha
same to the Mayor of Chicago for the relief of th©
sufferers by the great flje.
Strangled While Eating. —Joseph
Diffany, aged 63 years, a German, was choked last
evening by a piece of meat lodging in bls throat
while eating his supper, at No. 104 Avenue C.
Fell from a Car.— John H. Rob
bins, of No. 208 Harrison street, Boston, M?,sa., las!
evening fell from the front platform of a Bleeckef
street oar in Beekman street, and Cieriously in
jured.
A Slight Mistake. Xn eminent
Congressman having been to address a coli
lege in Maine, wrote his regrete tliat it was impossi*
ble for him to accept the j U t, by mistake,
sent a note which was ihter 4( j 0( j for his washerwo
man. The note read thus?. “Madam —Shirts cams
all right. Please starch collars a little stiffer next
time. Ono sock missin'g. Yours,” &c, The wash
erwoman was surprise t 0 be informed by letter that
the distinguish®! Co ngressman would be unable ta
address her,
5