4
S. Bloch’s Son Co.,
No. 207 FULTON STREET,
IMPORTERS Oj?
SWISS Ah3D SAP3ACO CHEESE,
FROM AGE DE BRIE, ROQUEFORT, NEUFUHA
TEL, MUNSTER, Etc., Etc.
WESTPHALIA SAUSAGE,
LOUIS HENRY PATES DE FOIE GRAS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN PRESERVED
VEGETABLES.
RHINE WINES, CLARETS AND LIQUORS.
Ruinart (Pers Fils) Champagne
FOR THE HOLIDAYS, PER CASE (Qts.) AT
s2l 00 (Currency), Delivered free of charge.
ELASTIC BELTS,
STOCKINGS, KNEE-CAPS, ANKLETS. Ac., at
MARSH A CO.’S Radical Cure Truss office, No. 2
Vesey street, and No. 32 East Fourteenth street, near
University Place.
and
Under this caption we shall, hereafter, in order to
Economize space, and prevent, as far as possible, disao
pointment to correspondents, insert questions on Ma
sonic law, and other matters that may be sent us, as well
as suggestions, brief excerpts, etc., and we take occasion
to invite a free correspondence on all subjects of in
terest to the craft, requesting that, to insure prompt at
tention, they be sent to us on or before Thursday of each
week.
Otho.— Oblige by informing me
Who were the Hessenes.” The Hessenes. commonly
called Essenes, were one of the three great sects into
which the Jews were divided in the time of Christ. The
Essenes generally lived at a distance from large towns,
in communities which bore a great resemblance to the
monkish societies of later times. They had all things in
common, ate at a common table, and were exceedingly
abstemious, never partaking of food before sunset.
They were clothed in .white garments, abstained from
wine, and generally led a life of celibacy. They sent
gifts to the temple, but never offered any sacrifices
there. The Essenes were exemplary in their religious
duties, and were particularly distinguished by their
rigid observance of the Sabbath day. They believed in
the immortality of the soul, but not in the resurrection
of the body, and maintained the absolute predestination
of all events. They held the Scriptures in the greatest
reverence, but considered them as mystic writings; and
explained them allegorically. They a’so appear to have
possessed sacred books, which explained the peculiar
doctrines and practices of their sect. Their origin is
uncertain, and their numbers were never considerable.
According to Philo and Josephus, there were only 4.C00
in Palestine. They are not mentioned in the New Tes
tament; but it is conjectured that they are alluded to
in Malt, xix., 12: Col. ii., 18, 23. It has been supposed,
with considerable probability, that the early Christians
derived many of their customs and opinions from the
Essenes.
Jamaica.— A red nose is certainly
a very unpleasant and undignified appendage, and is
suggestive of a proneness in its owner to imbibe fluids
more potent than water. But Jamaica and other tem
perate persons, even teetotalers, are afflicted in this
manner. Indeed, it may arise equally from “Jiving”
too freely or too sparingly. Generally it indicates a dis
ordered condition of the digestive organs; but some
times it appears to be purely a local complaint. As we
have repeatedly stated, it is impossible to give proper
directions respecting internal medicines, each individu
al case requiring special treatment. Many external ap
plications have been tried, generally with doubtful re
sults, until tho ingenious idea of trying collodion oc
curred to Mr. Erasmus Wilson. Painted over the tip of
the offending member, it has been very successful in re
moving or mihiffAtinfif the redness, probably by protect
ing the skin from the air, and by its contractile power
constringing the capillary vessels, so as to allow them to
recover their tone. It may be necessary to apply the
tollcdion several times. Wo should like to knew the
result of this treatment, should any of our readers hap
pen to be laboring under this ignominious complaint.
People are too much inclined to look with suspicion up
cn a nose-tip too deeply tinted. The “tremendous
flush*’ which Jamaica refers to shows that his digestion
is faulty.
Fritz.—“ Who or what were the
Jacobins of France?” Jacobins is tho name of a fac
tion which exercised a great influence on the erents of
tho French revolution. This faction originated in a
political olub formed at Versailles about the time of tho
meeting of the First National Assembly, and which was
composed chiefly of deputies from Brittany, who were
most determined against tho court and the old monarchy,
end some also from tho south of Franco, among whom
was Mirabeau. When the National Assembly removed
'its sittings to Paris, (Oct. 19th, 1789), the Breton Club
followed it, and soon after established their meetings in
the lately suppressed convent of the Jacobins or
Dominican monks, in the Bue St. Honore. From this
Circumstance the club and the powerful party which
grew from it, assumed the name of Jacobins. During
the year 1790, tho club increased its numbers, and ob
tained such influence and power, especially in 1792, as to
control the Legislature. The attack on the Tuilleries in
August, 1792, the massacres of thofollowing September,
the suppression of royalty, and most of the measures of
the reign of terror, originated with tho club of the
Jacobins. Alter the fall of Bobespicrre in July, 1794,
the convention passed a resolution which forbade all
popular assemblies to interfere with the deliberations of
the Legislature, and the olub was finally suppressed in
1794.
Smike.— The first theatre in New
York was opened by Lewis Hallam, in Nassau street, on
Kept. 16,1753, it being the third stage on which the pro
ductions of the dramatic muse were exhibited to the in
habitants of the New World. Tho days of performance
woro Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and so contin
ued for near half a century. The first theatre in Boston
was opened on Aug. 16, 1792. It was called the “New
Exhibition Room,” the statute of the State prohibiting
dramatic performances, they advertised to represent the
moral lecture of “Douglas!” One evening, about two
months after, as Sir Peter and Lady Teazle were repre
senting tbeir parts of the moral lecture of the “School
for Scandal, the sheriff made his first appearance on
that stage, and arre.tecl them by virtue of a peace war
rant.
E. J. (7.—“Mygrandfather died in
Birmingham, England, in 1832, leaving a will. I wish to
procure a copy of that will. How and where must I ap
ply for the same, and what will be the probable cost?”
Write to a friend in London to go to Doctor’s Commons
and get a copy of the will. The cost will depend upon
the number of folios to be transcribed. In all probability,
unless it be a very long one, a dollar and a half or two
dollars will cover all the expense. If you have not any
friend who wiil execute your commission, you will have
to write to some solicitor in London to procure the copy
for you, and that will cost you two or three dollars ex
tra. One of the gentlemen in your house of business,
however, doubtless visits London two or three times a
year, he might get it for you easily.
Adrian.— Suttees, or the burning
of widows, Is a practice which, until quite recently, was
of constant occurrence in India. This custom began
from one of tho wives of “Bramah, the Son of God.”
Sacrificing herself at his death, that she might attend
him in Heaven. So many as seventeen widows have
burnt themselves on the funeral pile of a Rajah; and in
Bengal alone, seven hundred have thus perished, until
lately, m each year. But the English government, after
long discouraging suttees, formally abolished them De
cember 7, 182!). They have since, however, frequently
taken place. The wife of the son of the Rajah of Bey
goon thus perished June, 1864.
W. A. G.— “To settle a dispute
with a friend, please inform me if at any time in the
history of England, the one pound paper money was
value for so low a sum as thirteen and sixpence?” We
have carefully examined a number of books having ref
erence to finance and the Bank of England, and cannot
discover there ever to have been a higher rate of dis
count on the notes of that bank than twenty per cent.;
thus leaving the value of the note at sixteen shillings.
ClnsopWs/tca/ed.—l. “What is re
qnired of a lady copyist?” Careful, legible writing,
without any flourishing. 2. “Is my writing good enough
to qualify me for that position?” Your handwriting is
Very fair and round, but you do not connect your letters
well. 3. When gentlemen call of an evening, and en
ter the parlor with their overcoats on, is it the young
lady’s place to ask them to take their coats off?” Yes.
8. B.— l. “Please to give me the
year and month In which the Hague street explosion oc
curred.” February 4th, 1850. 2. “When was the ship
Great Republic burned, and what became of her after
the fire The ship Great Republic caught Are on De
cember 27th, 1853. Atter the fire the ship was repaired
and altered, and is at present sailing somewhere.
B. M. “Please let me know
through your columns, what are the duties of General
Sigel as Register?” When he enters on his duties as
Register, he will have to provide suitable books, and re
cord in them all deeds, mortgages, and other instru
ments of writing required by law to be recorded.
J. P.—The battle of Sand Hills,
between the United States troops and the Sioux In
dians, was fought on Sept. 3, 1855. The soldiers under
General Harney gained a complete victory over the In
dians, killing 86 warriors, and capturing about 70 women
*nd children, with a loss of only four men.
WaZfcist—By applying at any large
bookselling establishment, you will find the book or
books you want. As you do not mention whether it is a
book bearing on training or on the rules of walking, we
cannot recommend any particular one.
Difjgory—“ Can you inform me
what actor it was who fell dead upon the stage imme
diately after uttering the words, ’There is another and
a better world V It was John Palmer, a famous En
glish actor. He died August 2, 1798.
J.- B.— Who was the author of
Junius’ Letters It has never yet been definitively set
tled who wrote the celebrated Junius Letters; but they
are now very generally credited to Sir Philip Francis.
Cast iron sinks, all sizes," is the
legend a Hartford plumber inscribed on hie
jjuter wall." Well, who (hie) Baid it didn’t
Was ths inquiry of an inebriated man of sin to
the plumber aforesaid, who read it over three
Or four times, and gave a yell of delight when
he thought hs saw the point. He immediately
Vftal oil and took another.”
CONTENTSOF INSIDE PAGES.
The following are tho contents of the Inside Pages
the 2d, 3d. 6th, and 7th), of To-day’s New York Dis
patch. We think they will be found rich in variety and
interest:
SECOND PACE:
CONTINUATION OF "A WOMAN’S
A ROMANTIC MARRIAGE.
WASTED PRESENTIMENTS.
SHE AND I.
WORTH OF FOUR PINS.
MELANCHOLY MAD.
THE PRINCE OF WALES’ LOVE.
THIRD PACE:
MASONIC MATTERS Within the Compasses; Ma
sonry in Public; Elections; A Simple, but Affecting
Story; Trouble in the Camp; Globe Lodge, No. 588;
Clinton Commandery, No. 14, K. T. Wonderful
Things; What is Sectarianism and what is Toler
ance Election of Officers Questions, Thoughts,
Ideas; Chapter of Sorrow; Some Eleotigjj Hints.
AN ENTERPRISING FIRM.
SIXTH PACE:
“WHATEVER IS, IS RIGHT.”
CONCLUSION OF “LUCY MAVIS.”
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GRAVE SUBJECTS REVIEWED.
SOME FUN.
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT.
PROFLIGACY IN LONDON.
“BARNACLE BILL.”
UNHEARD-OF AFFLICTION.
WITHOUT A HEAD.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS: Th© Legend of Gara
brinus; Very Alarming, if True; A Cobrain Love
with a Woman; Singular Phenomena; An Ancient
Alpine Tunnel; A Substitute for Furs; The Ghosts
and the Doctors; A Religious Rooster; Telegraph
ing for Hot Water; Bad Stories about the Russian
Secret Police; Remarkable Case of Tattooing; A
Queer Story About a Corpse; Couldn’t Keep Her
Own Counsel; The Last of tho Mohicans; A Useful
Crow; Items for Smokers; Fashionable Life; The
Creation as a Piny; Whisky from Thistles.
SEVENTH PACE:
MAIDENS AND WIVES.
GLITTER AND GOLD.
TEE GREED OF GOLD.
THE “MODERN CLEOPATRA.”
ROUGH ON BALD HEADS.
A LUNATIC’S FREAK.
ARTEMUS WARD OUTDONE.
OUR WEEKLY GOSSIP: An Interesting Paper; The
Lords of Creation; Tail of a Cat; The Gates Ajar; A
Ghostly Ballad; Scintillations.
ydu ox Ii
SEW YORK, BESEIHBER 10, 1871.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
The third annual message of President Grant,
is a document which has drawn forth but little
adverse criticism. There are no salient points
in it for attack, for condemnation, or for
especial praise.■ It is carefully written, quiet
iu style, and without rhetorical flourishes. It
is cautious in its recommendations, plain in
statement, and not particularly noteworthy for
its profundity or great breadth of statesman
ship. It is, in fact, a document which will
have but little influence in shaping the legisla
tion of the present session of Congress.
The foreign policy of tho government, since
Gen. Grant became President, has been so
cautious that some people have regarded it as
timid. In the message we see no indication
that a more decided policy will be adopted.
We would have been bettor pleased bad we
seen a stronger condemnation of the barbari
ties perpetrated upon tho Cubans by the Span
ish Government. The message merely says
that it is a subject of regret that the reforms
in the administration of Cuban affairs, which
were voluntarily promised by the statesmen of
Spain, have not been carried out. We are in
formed, however, that “our naval command
ers in Cuban waters have been instructed, in
case it should become necessary, to spare no
effort to protect tho lives and property of bona
fide American citizens, and to maintain the dig
nity of the flag.”
The President has just cause for felicitating
the country on having reduced the national
debt $86,057,126 80 during the past year which
in connection with the negotiations of national
bonds at a lower rate of interest has diminished
the sum to be raised yearly for the interest ac
count by nearly $17,000,000 since March, 1869.
In regard to the proclamation of matial law
in nine counties of South Carolina, the Presi
dent states that one hundred and sixty-eight
arrests have been made; that great caution
has been exercised in making these arrests,
and that, notwithstanding the large number of
arrests, it is believed that no innocent person
is now in custody. Ho is more decisive in
speaking of polygamy than of any other sub
ject treated in the message. He says
‘‘Neither polygamy nor any other violation of ex
isting statutes will Ue permitted within the territory
of the United States. It is not with the religion of
tho sell-styled saints that we are now dealing, out
with their practices. They will bo protected in tho
worship of God according to the dictates of their
consciences, but they will not be permitted to violate
the laws under the cloak of religion. It may be ad
visable for Congress to consider what, in the execu
tion of the law against polygamy, is to bo the status
of plural wives and their offspring. The propriety
of Congress passing an Enabling Act authorizing the
Territorial Legislature of Utah to legitimate all child
ren bom prior to a time fixed in the act., might ba
justified by its humanity to these innocent children.
This is a suggestion only, and not a recommenda
tion.”
These views cannot but receive the approba
tion of every right-thinking citizen.
The peace policy pursued toward the Indians,
he thinks, has resulted favorably, and recom
mends that it bo persisted m. Tho public
lands he regards as a heritage to our children, to
be disposed of only as required for occupation,
and to actual settlers. He recommends an in
crease in the salaries of the heads of depart
ments, as but few of them “receive a compen
sation equal to the respectable support of a
family, while their duties are such as to involve
millions of interest.”
The President recommends tho passage of
an amnesty act. He says: “I do not see tho
advantage or propriety of excluding mon from
office merely because they were, before the Re
bellion, of standing and character' sufficient to
bo elected to positions requiring them to take
oaths to support the Constitution, and admit
ting to eligibility those entertaining precisely
the same views, but of loss standing in their
communities,” We could have wished that this
frank and truthful statement of the case had
not been supplemented by ths desire that
“great criminals, distinguished above all oth
ers by the part they took in opposition to tho
Government, might be excluded from such an
amnesty.” We hope Congress will frame an
act which shall include all who were rebels
against the Government. This is too late a
day to think of punishing any of them.
Legislation for tho protection of immigrants
is recommended, and tho honesty in general of
tho servants of the National Government com
mended. In the matter of civil service reform,
we are informed that tho board which has tho
the matter in consideration has not yet com
pleted its labors, but it is believed that it will
succeed in devising a plan which can bo
adopted, to tho great relief of the Executive,
the heads of departments, and members of
Congress, and which will redound to the true
interest of the public service. At all events
the experiment shall have a fair trial.”
We have tried to condense the message into
the above brief space. While the message will
be read with interest, it will scarcely evoke
strong condemnation, or very eulogistic praise.
It is neither brilliant nor weak. It is simply
commonplace in every particular.
ROYALIST OR REPUBLICAN.
While the Prince of Wales lies dying, the
kingdom to which ho is heir apparent is being
rooked to its very foundation by the utter
ances of a republican—Sir Charles Dilko. This
gentleman has made a series of speeches which
have been listened to by immense orowds, and
which have been criticised by the press with
more than severity. And yet Sir Charles’
speeches are not made up of the fustian rant
of a common-place demagogue. He argues
logically, calmly, and with the utmost fairness.
He does not denounce the reigning sovereign,
nor claim that the royal family is one whit
worse than any other family in England: but
he plants himself on tho broad ground of re
publican government, no matter whether it
proves a cheaper or a costlier form of govern
ment than a monarchy, because it is the just
est form of government.
Wherever Sir appeared tho scum
of the population has assailed him with abuse,
and in some cases has even attempted per
sonal maltreatment. Tho “gentry” of Eng
land find themselves unable to answer his
clear, calm arguments, and they stir up tho
roughs to silence him by brute force. But tho
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
middle class is with him—the intelligence and
labor of England are on his side, and in a
short time he will have gathered around him a
party sufficient to defy tho nobility aud their
tools, tho ignorant, brutalized roughs.
Tho ory has thus at length arisen in Eng
land for a republic—“a government of the
people for the people." In a few years, at
furthest, Boyalist will be arrayed against Re
publican, and tho battle for a change of gov
ernment will have begun. Lot us hope that it
will be one of argument, not of tho sword and
that the nobility of England may possess the
wisdom to bow to the strong sentiment of the
people, instead of attempting to delay the in
evitable by an appeal to tho arbitrament of the
battle-field.
PUT THE GOLD IN
With tho highest respect for Secretary Bout
well as a faithful, conscientious, honest public
officer, we find ourselves unable to agree en
tirely with him in his management of the
public funds. It would boa great public loss
were tho government to be deprived of his
services, for a brave, devoted, and honest otfi.
cial is not to be found every day, hence it is in
no spirit of opposition to Mr. Boutwell that we
find fault with the use he makes of the gold
owned by the United States. Ho has usually
at his command in the Treasury from $80,000,-
000 to $100,000,000. The only use tho govern
ment has for this groat sum of money is the
payment of the interest on tho national debt.
Why is not all beyond the amount necessary
for that purpose expended in tho purchase of
United States bonds The plea that having
so much gold in the Treasury strengthens the
finances of the government seems to us a fal
lacy. Should any great emergency arise, how
long would the gold last? But a few days. If
tho gold, however, were distributed throughout
the country it could not but have a tendency to
appreciate the value of paper money, and as a
result give a stability to trade which it does
not now possess. Beside this, money is vary
tight at present in tho centres of trade, and
the throwing of $80,000,000 into the bands of
tho people would have a beneficial effect.
Those whoso- bonds were called in would be
compelled to fiud other channels for the em
ployment of their funds, and business of every
description would reap tho benefit. Manufac
tures which now languish for a little additional
capital would presen t opportunities for the em
ployment of some of this surplus capital, and
mines, farms, commerce, and the trades gen
erally would be stimulated by the accession to
the floating capital of the country of the gold
which is now uselessly locked up in the vaults
of the United States Treasury. We hope
Secretary Boutwell will take into consideration
tho necessity of at once releasing for public
use tho hundred millions or so of gold which
he keeps from circulation. At present it is of
no earthly use, but in circulation it would
prove of incalculable benefit to tho entire busi
ness community,
STARTLING NEWS.”
Tho New York Herald is nothing if not sen
sational. So long as it can croaJe talk, it does
not caro whether it lays before its readers the
current and truthful news of the clay, or fills
its columns with tho sheerest fabrications.
Hardly a day passes but some gentleman of
prominence is compelled to deny ever having
uttered sentiments with which he is credited
by some enterprising Herald “interviewer,”
and the paper’s utter untrustworthiness has
become a by-word. It is not unusual to hear
one man ask another, Did you see so-and-so
in to-day’s Herald?” “Do any of the other
papers mention the matter?” “None that I
have seen.” “Oh it’s one of the Herald's fab
rications.” The latest ef these fabrications ap
peared in Saturday’s paper, in the form of a
Washington dispatch, with this startling head
ing Startling News from the National Capi
tal—Conspiracy of Anti-Grant Republicans and
Democrats to Impeach the President—Tho
Charges of the Cabal—Who are in the Plot and
What They expect to Get—The San Domingo
Project the Basis of the Opposition Campaign.”
Then we are informed that notwithstanding
the incredibility of the story, that tho Presi
dent is to be impeached, “it is discussed in the
highest political circles.” Of course, all the
most eminent men in the country make a
bosom confidant of the Herald correspondent,
for these gentlemen know how well he can
keep a secret—especially one that he hasn’t
been told. Montgomery Blair is at the bot
tom of the scheme, and he is assisted by Sen
ators Sumner, Perry, Logan, Spencer, Sawyer,
Tipton, Schurz, Sprague, and Ponton and in
numerable members of the House of Repre
sentatives have also given in their adhesion to
the scheme of impeachment.
The following matters, according to this
veracious correspondent, are to form the basis
for the articles of impeachment:
First —The principal charge will be for violations
of international law and usurpations of war powers,
in connection with the attempted annexation of St.
Domingo. The allegations contained in Mr. Sum
ner’s great speech in the Senate, on March 27, 1871,
will be the basis for this part of tho articles of im
peachment, and tho records of the State Department
will be largely relied upon to sustain the charges.
Second— Levying war against tho Republic of Hay
ti, without just cause or the authority of Congress.
Third— lnfraction of the Dominican constitution
and our own in the treaty negotiations.
Fourth— Sustaining a usurper in power, and pro
tecting tho Dominican President against his own
people by affording him the moral support of our
guns.
Fifth Failing to protect an American citizen, and
conniving at his imprisonment by the Baez govern
ment lest he should prove an inconvenient obstacle
to General Grant’s policy in the Antilles.
iSYaM —Violation of the equality of nations. In a
word, belligerent interfention in the affairs of both
Dominica and Hayti, contrary io the laws of nations
and the constitution and laws of tho United States.
It is possible that there are a few people in
this country so ignorant as to believe this mess
of falsehood if there are any such, we can as
sure them that the whole startling scheme”
had its origin in the brain of the writer, and
that, though many of the gentlemen named in
the article are opposed to tho renomination of
Grant, none of them are so berett of sense as
to make him a martyr by persecuting him.-
The entire story from beginning to end is on a
level with the stories daily put in circulation
by a paper which has become infamous for its
disregard of truth and for its reckless slander
of the best and purest men of this nation
the story has less truth than the “baseless
fabric of a dream.” What is to be the next
subject for a Herald sensation?
“Abducting a Lunatic.” —On an
other page will be found the details ot a case
to which we call the attention of our readers.
It exposes a cruel conspiracy against a widow
and orphans, in which a police officer of this
city was the principal, and to which a Brook
lyn Police Justice was an accessory. Attor
ney-General Barlow will find in this case mat
ter for his consideration. He is well aware
that no portion of the Judiciary comes into
such immediate contact with the poorer classes
of the people as the Police Justices, and where
they are corrupt the sufferings are intolerable
of those least able to defend themselves from
injustice. The police courts of this city and
Brooklyn should have a thorough overhauling,
and those judges who are found partial or cor
rupt should at once bo impeached. It is known
to every citizen who takes an interest in such
matters that these courts have long been the
places of refuge of the repeaters, ballot-box
staffers, and roughs generally; that instead of
protecting the law-abiding they have been
used in defense of the law-breakers and that
the fines which have been laid upon prisoners
have never been paid to the city. We think
that the Attorney-General elect can find suffi
cient cause for the impeachment of several
New York and Brooklyn Police Justices. He
will show himself well worthy of the trust
which the people of this State have reposed in
him if he will but do his utmost to nd us
ot the unjust Police Justices, who have for
years protected crime and oppressed inno
cence.
A Chinese cook in California, Ah
Shoot, by name, was knocked senseless in
shooting off a gun which had been loaded to
the muzzle, On observing that he gave signs
ot returning life, the kind old lady who em
ployed him, cried, Speak to mo, Shooty I Oh,
speak to me I" John raised his head and gave
vent to the following Spakoe 1 Wassy mat
ter speakee More blandy, more blandy, G—d
d—n, too much ehooty t" Tho old lady has
ainoe employed a cook lees given to profanity.
NEW YORK ELECTION FRAUDS.
It gives us pleasure to be able to stalo that
the Committee for the Investigation <sf Election
Frauds in the late election, are still hard at
work. A voluminous mass of testimony, in the
shape of affidavits, has boon taken, which has
been put in the bauds of District-Attorney Gar
vin, who has in turn submitted it to tho Grand
Jury. Already fourteen or fifteen indictments
have been found, and those indicted are to bo
speedily brought to trial. Those cases are to
be considered as test cases, and District-At
torney Garvin has stated that he will prose
cute them himself, and will leave nothing un
done to secure convictions. Should ho bo suc
cessful, tho remaining affidavits will be brought
forward, indictments obtained, and the.oases
pressed to trial.
Let the good work go on until every repeater,
ballot-box staffer, and swindling canvasser
shall have been driven from the city. When
fifty or one hundred of those wrotohes aro iu
State Prison wo shall fool assured that elec
tions in New York will for tho future bo honest,
but not until then. For the poor wretch, driv
en by hunger and poverty to deeds of crime, we
have sympathy—for tho man educated in the
streets, without sufficient knowledge to know
tho difference between right and wrong, we
have pity and commiseration but for tho as
sassins of liberty, tho gentlemen who wear
broadcloth on their limbs, and diamonds in
their shirt fronts, we can feel no mercy, and
shall hail with pleasure their conviction. Tho
skies bogin to look brighter for the honest
citizens.
A STUPID ORDER.
It is well known that tho Dispatch has no
sympathies in common with tho French Com
munists, and that we strongly condemned their
action while they were in possession of Paris.
But while we have no sympathy with them, we
regard them as entitled to tho same privileges
as any other class of our citizens. They pro
posed to give an imposing mock funeral to
day to those of their brothers who have re
cently been slaughtered in Franco. On Fri
day the Police Commissioners issued an order
forbidding the procession. We object to this
order, unless the Commissioners propose here
after to keep our streets entirely clear of all
processions. It is unjust to single out any
particular body of men and deprive them of
privileges which have never been heretofore
denied to other portions of tho body politic.
Wo favor the passage of an act for the stop
page of all tho senseless parados which disturb
business and interfere with the public peace
but wo deny the right of the Police Commis
sioners, Mayor, or anyone else, to say who
shall and who shall not parade.
If the right is granted that a funeral parade
of Communists can bo forbidden to-day, how
do we know but to-morrow a funeral parade of
Masons, or Odd Fellows, or Hibernians may be
forbidden I The proper course for the author
ities to take in the matter is to protect all
peaoeabio parades until such time as a special
law against them shall have been enacted by
the law-making power. The Police Commis
sioners are the executors of tho law and not its
makers. An unjust distinction has been made
against the French Communists, and the order
should not bo enforced. Such an infraction as
this on the rights of the people of this city will
not commend the present Commissioners to
tho kind consideration of the in-coming Legis
lature.
An Interesting Collection of Paint
ings to be Sold.— On Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings, Dec. 12 and 13, there will be an in
teresting sale by auction, at tho Leavitt Art
Rooms, No. 817 Broadway, of paintings. The
paintings to be sold are tho private collection
of Mr. Andrew D. White, of Chicago, and in
clude some of the most celebrated works of the
modern masters of tho art. Tho collection
was made during the past eight years by Mr.
White personally, and his known taste is guar
antee that no common-place picture will be
found in the collection. The paintings are
now on exhibition at the Leavitt Art Rooms,
and an inspection of them will convince any
lover of art that no more valuable collection
has been offered for sale in this country. Eu
rope and America have contributed ol their
best to make the collection worthy of the ad
miration of connoisseurs in art. Tho sale be
gins each evening at 8 o’clock. Mr. Wm. R.
Leavitt is the auctioneer.
Obituaries for the Living.—Writ
ing a man’s obituary before he .is dead is a la
bor of love with some newspapers. The WorZd
of yesterday had an elaborate article on the
dead Prince of Wales. As it is possible that
he may still recover, the World will feel that
the “grim slayer” has played it a scurvy trick.
Some newspapers are just a shade too enter
prising.
The Grand Duke Alexis was among
the mill girls of Lowell yesterday. Ho has
got rid of the gray-headed committee, and is
as happy as a big sunflower. He was observed
to smile yesterday for tho first time since he
landed on our hospitable shores. The old beaux
and tho ancient dowagers were not present to
keep him from looking into the smiling faces
of the pretty mill girls of Lowell.
Holiday Presents for Somebody.
On Monday, R. H. Macy, corner of Fourteenth
street and Sixth avenue, will put on exhibition
the greatest assortment of goods for holiday
gifts perhaps ever seen in this city. The toys
for children are especially extensive in variety.
Read his advertisement on another page, and
then go and take a look at his goods. He asks
no more.
i
There is talk of a strike among
the coal miners of Pennsylvania. This is a
dodge of the mine owners to send up prices,
which at present are tending downward. The
dodge is altogether too thin” to deceive any
body.
Ax editor in Illinois having en
gaged a new reporter, received the following
as his first effort: “Wo aro informed that the
gentleman hoo stood on his head under a pile
driver, for the purpose of having a tight pair
of butes druv on, shortly afterward found him
self in Chiny, perfectly naked and without a
cent in his pocket.” This reminds us of an am
bitious young gentleman who interviewed us.
Ho was anxious to become a reporter. We
said There are pons, ink, and paper, and a
desk. Pitch in and give us a specimen of your
ability.” He sat down, and after an hour’s
hard labor, produced the following
“A Bia Fight.— Yesterday as we was a ser
enading down Chatham street, we saw a fought.
The foughtists was men. One was a big feller
and t’other warn’t. They fought till they was
tookened m by a policeman. We don’t Know
what was done with them then, and we don’t
care. Such is the uses of adversity.”
Is it at all astonishing that we requested the
“devil” to beat that ambitious youth over the
bead with a mallet; or that ho thought us ut
terly incompetent to ait in judgment on the
emanations of genius
A Chicago girl wrote to her lover
in Springfield, Mass., just after the fire, say
ing “Our wedding day was sot for next
week, and if you will stand up with a woman
dressed in a cotton skirt, and her father’s over
coat, come on.” The brave youth telegraphed
in reply Get on the coat, your Henry will
be there.” The sequel to the story, however,
is not so pleasant. The brave youth started
immediately for Chicago, but was delayed for
two days by trains getting stuck on the way.
When bo arrived at his destination he found
that the lady had married his best man. She
said: The wedding feast was prepared, and
as you didn’t get here in time we could’nt af
ford to let the provisions spoil—they’re too
dear now; and so I married the other follow.
I’m sorry, but such accidents will happen, you
know.” Tho young man returned to Washing
ton with a less elevated opinion of tho female
sex than when he left his home.
Not long since, in a car running
out of a pleasant town in tho State of Ohio, a
lady was assiduously distributing tracts, which
were always graciously and oourteousir re-
ceived by tlio passengers. The tract, how
ever, which this female colporteur was circu
lating on the present occasion, happened to be
entitled, “Give Mo Thy Heart,” an excellent
and popularly written treatise upon the divine
injunction. This tract she presented to a very
quiet looking gentleman, who read its title,
and with a pleasant smile upon his face,
said: “I am sorry, but I really can’t do it,
madam; this woman sitting by me is my
wife.” The passengers burst out into roars of
laughter, in which the tract distributor herself
could not help joining.
In Texas the school law requires
all children between six and eighteen to attend
school. A few days ago, the School Commis
sioners of ono of the eastern counties received
a touching appeal from a lady of seventeen
whom they had mulcted according to law for
non-attondanco during the year. I have a
husband to care for,” said the young delin
quent, “a child to nurse, clothes to wash,
meals to cook, and a house to keep in order.
If you make me attend school another year,
everything will go to ruin.” Were we those
School Commissioners, she should have liberty
to stay at home; for we hold with Tennyson
that
The bearing and the training of a child
Is woman’s wisdom.”
The “full dress” of society dames
now-a-days is bad enough, but it was a great
deal worse in the Byronic age. The story is
told that the poet Moore once called at the
house of some super-fashionable friends who
had just installed an untrained rustic as coach
man. The latter answered the poet’s knock,
and, non-plussod at the interrogation whether
the ladies were at home, when the question
was repeated, finally stepped forward and con
fidentially replied, in a suppressed tone:
They told mo to say they were out; but
they’re in. They’re gone up stairs to strip for
dinner 1”
A well-known young man of Co
hoes, N. Y., got drunk on last Sunday, and on
going home, made a mistake, got into the
wrong house, and crawled under a bed, as he
was afraid the members of his family would
discover that he had been on a debauch. He
was discovered by a young lady as she was
about to retire. She alarmed the household by
the report, and the discomfited fellow was un
ceremoniously pulled out from his hiding
place, and ejected. All the young ladies of
Cohoes now look under their beds, before re
tiring, to see if a man is there.
Mrs. Woodhull has asked the Cleve
land Herald to print the following “The day
the social speech was delivered in Steinway
Hall, Mrs. Woodhul spent three hours with
Henry Ward Beecher, who went through the
speech line by line, and he said that its high
moral tone would do honor to any pulpit.’
This may be true; it’s just possible that it is
but we’d like to bet that Mr. Beecher never en
dorsed the sentiment of huebands at
pleasure. If he did, his brain must bo soften
ing, in fact getting to the moist state of Theo
dore Tilton’s.
At Leesburg, Va., recently, in dig
ging a well, the workmen cut through several
layers of limestone without finding water but
in penetrating another ledge, at the depth of
seventy feet, came upon a subterranean stream
eight feet deep and at least twenty feet wide,
flowing northward. And now the Virginia sa
vants are asking why that stream ran north
ward? We imagine that the water wanted to
get into a region of country where that sort of
liquid is occasionally used as a beverage.
A cotempobaby, in puffing a certain
soap, says it is the “best ever made for a dirty
man’s face, We have tried it, and therefore we
ought to know.” This reminds us of the puff
written by a certain editor of our acquaintance.
It was a puff for an “itch ointment.” He said,
“Nothing has yet been given to the public
which equals this article in the certainty of its
curative effects. We know whereof we speak,
as we were born in Scotland.”
Delicacies in the way of eating and
drinking can bo bought at the lowest market
figures from S. C. Bloch’s Son Co., No. 207
Fulton street. This firm imports all kinds of
cheese, Munster and Westphalia sausage,
Louis Henry’s pate de foie gras, French and
German preserved vegetables, Rhine wines,
clarets and liqueurs, and Ruinart’s PereetFils
champagne. This firm can be depended on.
It represents no article which it sells to be
other than it really is.
The notorious outlaw, Joe Parker,
was lately captured at Mount Pleasant, Texas.
Ho was shot, and, thinking himself dying,
gasped: “Boys, you have killed tho bravest
man in Texas.” He then confessed to nine
murders, whereupon his captors contemptu
ously lodged him in jail, disgusted that a Tex
an outlaw, whom they had admiringly credit
ed with the killing of sixty or seventy people,
should only own up to nine.
The Utica •Herald says Just one
more. Time, Wednesday place, tho Glen on
the Adirondack railroad name, John Straight;
damage, two ribs broken reason, attempting
to jump on a train in rapid motion. We have
a few more blanks, similar to tho above, which
we can fill out at a moment’s notice. All who
possess a more than ordinary amount of
carelessness or recklessness, please take no
tice.”
It is an old-time question of doubt
and curiosity why a ship should bo called
“she,” and among tho most familiar of the
thousand answers is, because the rigging is
worth more than the hull. A landlubber has
discovered tho thousand and first solution, in
supposing that ships may be chambermaids,
since they spread their sheets over the bod of
the ocean.
At the present time it is of inter
est for the public to know whore coal can be
procured of tho very best kinds, at the cheap
est rates, and with a certainty of getting full
weight. The place where all these important
matters to housekeepers are combined is at
Nos. 136 and 136 1-2 Mulberry st., near Grand,
one of the oldest coal-yards in the city. The
rule here is—quick sales, light profit, and hon
est dealing.
A young blacksmith in London has
undertaken to earn money during the last two
years in a rather novel way. Half a crown fee
is paid to the individual who gives first intelli
gence of the breaking out of a fire. This dili
gent youth has set fire to 150 different build
ings, with no other purpose than obtaining the
150 half crowns. The last time he was detect
ed, and is now on trial.
The following brief story contains
an excellent moral: Mr. Brown, you said tho
defendant was honest and intelligent. What
makes you think so? Are you acquainted
with him?” “No, sir, I have never seen him.”
Why, then, do you come to such a conclu
sion?” “Because he takes ten newspapers,
and pays for them in advance.” Verdict for
defendant.
A Detroit policeman found a note
book which evidently belonged to a man of
careful habits. Tho book Is full of such sen
tences as these Monday—buy a gallon of
whisky to-day; take four drinks. Tuesday—
get a gallon of whisky at noon of also,
get shaved; don’t get drunk. Wednesday—
see if the whisky is out; also, don’t drink un
til after dinner; also, sec about more whisky.
San Francisco has what the Chroni
cle calls a “female gambling palace.” The
furniture is of the finest description, and re
spectable” married ladies may be found drunk
there every evening. We suppose the Sisters
of the Sorosis will cry out against any attempt
te put a stop to this gambling place, as an in
fraction of woman’s inalienable right to be
as bad as she likes.”
Lady ushers are proposed at church
weddings instead of gentlemen. We hardly
think this fashion will take well. The aisles of
most of our churches won’t permit of the pas
sage of two females in full dress at the same
time.
Cincinnati has an apparatus for
consuming her own smoke. A paper in en
vious Louisville says If she would now take
another stride and consume her own whisky,
I we might point to her with pride.'*
THE CRIMINALS ARRAIGNED
Trial of the Brooklyn Ballot-Box
Stuffers.
SENSATION IN COURT.
Startling Testimony Against the Election In
spectors of the First district, 6th Ward.
A POLL CLERK NOT SWORN.
The Ballot-Boxes Arranged Bo as to Con
ceal the Ballots.
CONFESSION OF ONE OF THE PRISONERS
THE JURY DISAGREE-ELEVET FOR f O'? VIC
TIM, OSE FOR ACQUITTAL.
At ten o’clock on Thursday morning, a commotion
of no mean sort was apparent among the loafers,
office-holders, bootblacks, and others, who, despite
the cold weather, still congregate around the Kings
county Court House. The buzz was excited by the
arrival of the three inspectors of the First District of
the Sixth Ward, charged with having committed
frauds in the recent election held in that district.
Their names were Michael J. Weldon, John Shand
ly, and Thomas McGiffi Weldon was the Republi
can inspector. Two officers escorted them to the
court room, whore they took their seats behind
their counsel.
Judge Alexander McCue was upon the bench, and
the court room was crowded with lawyers, witnesses
and sight-seers. Upon the table in front of District
Attorney Morris was an ordinary
YELLOW BALLOT-BOX,
into which so much rascality is alleged to have been
compressed. This was regarded with much interest
and curiosity. The empanneling and challenging of
the jury was rathkr monotonous, and the vast crowd
awaited the result with impatience.
District Attorney Morris then opened the caso for
the prosecution, stating that the accused were in
specters of election in the First District of the Sixth
Ward, on the 7th of November last, and they then,
in violation of their trust, wrongfully caused or per
mitted five hundred fraudulent votes to be placed in
the ballot-box, and when the polls were closed,
counted and returned the same as tho ball ots of le
gitimate electors. In that district there were 1,319
votes cast, of which the Senatorial and Assembly
tickets received more votes than the State ticket;
this aroused suspicion. In examining the poll list,
it was discovered that the first five hundred names
on the poll list were carefully written in a uniform
hand, precisely as though they had been copied.
Another peculiarity was, that
THESE FIVE HUNDRED NAMES
all deposited the entire eight tickets; but at their
termination the handwriting changes, and the voting
also becomes irregular. It is tho theory of the pros
ecution that these 500 names were placed upon* the
list before tho voting commenced; and as an evi
dence of that it is known that persons who voted im
mediately after the polls wore opened, find their
names after 500 other names on
THE POLL LIST-
He did not pretend to say how this was done.
There wore names upon the list of men who did not
live in the city—August Belmont, Andrew J. Garvey,
and others. Another evidence that the list was
fraudulent was, that shortly after the charges of
fraud were made, the original lists disappeared from
the County Clerk’s office, and also from the office of
the City Clerk, not, however, until copies had been
made. In conclusion, Judge Morris said that this
was not a political or partizan question, but one that
affected the interests of every man in the community.
If our form of government is to be preserved, the
ballot-box must be protected; otherwise, we might as
well have
A MONARCHY AT ONCE.
It soon appeared by tho evidence that the Repub
lican inspector, Weldon, did not reach the polls un
til after the other inspectors had arrived; conse
quently, the other inspectors could have done what
they pleased, without his being any the wiser for it.
After the examination of two or three witnesses, the
court took a recess of half an hour.
The first witness called after the recess was Mr.
Wm. Packard, a Republican ticket peddler on elec
tion day, whose evidence made a marked impression.
He contradicted the theory that the voting was unu
sually dense and large; but the most important
point made by him was, that the ballot-boxes were
so arranged that the voters could not
SEE THE BALLOTS.
But sensational as was the result of Packard’s exam
ination, that of an old man named McKenna was
much more so. He testified that he was appointed
poll clerk by McGiff, one of the prisoners; that he
was present when the inspectors took charge of’the
boxes, but went away almost immediately, and his
place was filled by Aiderman Dunn, and that he was
NOT SWORN I
This testimony created a profound sensation, and
served to stagger the prisoner’s counsel not a little.
The prosecution managed the case with marked
ability. The testimony was a perfect crescendo.
Sensation accumulated on sensation. City Auditor
Shaurman’s narration of the dialogue that occurred
between himself and the prisoner Weldon, fairly as
tounded the jury. Weldon’s confession was to tho
effect that tho glass sides of tho ballot-boxes were
hidden from himsolf, and that McGiff and Shandly
were in possession of the boxes before he reached
the polls. The general drift of the evidence was loss
severe upon Weldon than upon either of his accom
plices. Mr. Newlin’s evidence that he voted at half
past nine, was startlingly suplemented by that of
George W. Benson, Chairman of the Citizens’ Prose
cuting Committee, who testified that Newlin’s name
was the 863 d upon the list; thus compelling tho de
fense to show that
FIVE VOTES A MINUTE
were polled—an absolute impossibility. Two other
men were examined, who testified that they votod
before seven o’clock in the morning, and yet their
names stand five hundred and odd upon the list. At
half-past three the court adjourned until ten o’clock
Friday morning.
The second day’s proceedings were as intensely in
teresting as those of the preceding day. The case
for the prosecution closed early, and the defense
took tho stand.
The defendants gave their testimony, tho first one
called being Michael Weldon, a Republican inspector
Mr. Weldon is a Custom House officer, and a poli
tician of ten years’ standing, and according to his
own statement,
A VERY INNOCENT PARTY.
So simple a man is he, so guileless a Christian, and
so honest, that he actually did not know what the
glass sides in ballot-boxes were for. He felt no sus
picion when McGiff, one of the Democratic inspect
ors, told him that he had placed the glass side of tho
boxes together s o that no ope could see the interior
of the boxes, to prevent their being broken.
At one o’clock, the court re-assembled, after a re
cess of half an hour, and tho evidence on both sides
being all in, the counsel for the defense made an
able plea to the jury in behalf of their clients, but
District Attorney Morris completely overturned all
their sophisms, and made out a very bad case for
the defendants. Judge McCue made an able charge
to the jury, and they retired to the jury room to de
liberate as to their verdict, and the court took a re
cess till seven o’clock.
At that hour, the court room was thronged by the
friends of the prisoners, lawyers, and politicians.
Suddenly it was rumored that the jury could not
agree, and the excitement grew intense when it was
announced that the Judge had summoned the jury
before him. They were soon after marshaled to
their seats, and upon inquiry being made by the
Judge, the foreman, Mr. Hagaman, announced that
the jury stood
ELEVEN FOR CONVICTION,
but one juror would not consent to a verdict, and he
also made the startling announcement that the dis
senting juror had declared, on his way to the jury
room, that he
WOULD NOT AGREE TO A VERDICT.
The judge then ordered refreshments for the jury
and sent them back to their room.
The court-room presented at this time a very in
teresting scene. Knots of lawyers and politicians
filled the room and the coridors, and a number of
the magnates of the Ring were circulating through
the crowd, talking with the prisoners and their
friends. Everybody was discussing the event, and
the opinion was freely stated that
THE JURY WOULD NEVER AGREE.
Hour after hour passed away. Occasionally a mes
senger would come from the jury-room with some
communication tor the judge, and this seemed to
keep up the interest. One by one the spectators
dropped off, till only a knot of lawyers and a few in
terested parties were loft At midnight the jury was
brought into court. In answer to the question of the
Clerk, the foreman stated that they had not agreed,
and stood precisely as before—eleven to one. In re
ply to Judge McCue, the foreman said that he
thought they had exhausted all argument among
themselves.
Judge McCue then discharged the jury, and an
nounced that the accused would be re-tried on Thurs
day next. Their bail was increased to $5,000 each.
District-Attorney Morris said that, from what he
had learned, he felt oonvinoad that some undue in
fluence had been brought to bear upon the dissent
ing juror, and he was glad that be knew who he was.
The obstinate juror, John O’Neil, of No. 644 Baltic
street, rose and stated that he desired to make an
explanation, but Judge McQiw refused to listen to
hin*>
Sunday Edlucn. Ecccmber 10,
Academy of Music.—Last week was to Bavt
concluded tho present season of Italian Opera here,
but for some reason it would appear that the season!
is to bo extended for another week. Without beins
too curious as to the why and wherefore of this al
teration in tho official programme, the New York
public will be too glad to accept the announcement
without caring as to how it came about, We hope
It has been because tho prospect of a continuation of
tho present season is likely to result in as great a
financial success as that which has attended the
regular season just concluded. The performance®
which took place during the past week have been,
unquestionably the throe best which have yot been
given. Whether it was that they were stimulated to
increased exertion by the knowledge that they wero
to be farewell performances we know not, but cer
tainly neither Miss Nilsson, M. Capoul nor M. Jamot
has sung or acted with greater power or more pleas
ing effect than they have just done in the final per
formances of Mignon,” “La Traviata” and “Lucia
di Lammermoor.”
In each of her impersonations in these operas fa
Miss Nilsson seen to advantage, her performance of
Violetta, in “La Traviata,” being the most generally
admired. Although M. Capoul takes full advantago
of the excellent opportunities afforded him for tho
display of his splendid voice and powerful dramatic
talent in “Mignon,” it is in “LaTraviata” he shine®
most brilliantly, his acting and singing in the last
act being literally magnificent. Wo regret exceed
ingly that the management should not have afforded
the subscribers to tho present season an opportunity
of listening to M. Capoul in the role of Edgardo, iu
“Lucia di Lammermoor,” as we fancy it is ono in
which he would have appeared with considerable
success.
The matinee performance of “Fra Diavolo” at tho
Academy yesterday was a great success. The house
was crowded in every corner, and Mlle. Duval
achieved a most triumphant success as Zerlina. M.
Capoul and Signor Ronconi were in the cast, and, it
is almost needless to say, acquitted themselves most
satisfactorily.
During the present week tho performances will ba
—on to-morrow night, “Mignon;” on Wednesday
“Il Trovatore,” on Friday, “Martha,” and at tho
matinee on Saturday, “La Traviata.”
Steinway Hall.—On reference to our ad
vertising columns, it will be seen that Mr. Dolby
intends to give two grand farewell concerts on Friday
evening and Saturday afternoon, at which tha emi
nent vocalists who compose his troupe wiil aupoar.
Of the merits of these various performers, it is now
hafdly necessary to speak, as they are too well known
already to the New York public to need further men
tion at our hands. As these, however, will be tha
last occasions on which they will be heard for soma
time—as they proceed on a lengthened tour through
the Northern and Eastern States, as well as Canada,
immediately—we would recommend our readers to
avail themselves of the present opportunity to hear
them. To hear Santley alone is a treat worthy of
being noted in our memory for years to come. A
concert will also be given at the Brooklyn Academy
of Music, on the 14th inst.
Lina Edwin’s Theatre.—M’l Io Aimeo has
been doing an excellent business at this theatre dur
ing the past week, “Le Pont des Soupirs,” although
not so popular perhaps as “La Perichole or “La
Grande Duchesse,” drawing large audiences io this
charming temple of opera bouffe. An addition to
M’lle Aimee’s clever company is to bo made next
week in the person of M. Coeuilte, tho celebrated
French tenor from the Grand Opera, Paris. This
new star in the opera bouffo firmament has been for
some years before the Europoan public, from whom
ho has received tho most flattering marks of appro
bation. He is a pupil of Professor Ravail, and
graduated at tho Conservatory of Music, Paris, with
tho highest honors. In addition to the possession of
fine musical taste, ho has a well cultivated voice of
great compass, and is no less admirab’e as an actot
than as a singer. Coming to this country, therefore/
as he does, with the most flattering tokens of ap
proval from the critical audiences of Berlin and
Paris, his debut on this side of the Atlantic will ba
watched with considerable interest. Among other
talented artistes whom M’lle Aimee with her charac
teristic enterprise intends to add to her present com
pany, and whose arrival is soon expected, is M’lla
Dubois, a prima donna who has achieved a orillianl
reputation in Paris for her fine voice and her excel
lent executive musical ability. M. Gausins, too, tha
tenor who was so long a popular favorite at the Grand
Opera House in this city, has also been engaged and
wil) appear shortly. “Le Pont des Soupirs will ba
performed during the present week, but in all prob
ability M. Coeuilte will maie his debut on tha 17th
inst., in “Barbe B:eue.”
Bryants’ Minstrels.—The felicity has been
eventuated each evening at Dan Bryant’s by the ex
quisite rendering of a grand introductory overture
and opening chprus by the minstrel company, fol
lowed by Mr. Dempster’s pleasing melody, When
you and I were young, Maggy,” and Dave Read's
humorous description of “Tho Rooster’s Crow.”
Davo Reed is deservedly a great favorite at Bryant’s,
as he is one of the most refined of negro comedians,
and is always amusing without nis eccentricities
partaking even in tho slightest degree of vulgarity.
C. D’Alberte, whose rich bass voice is heard to great
advantage, gave a fine rendering of “Sunny days
will come again,” for which he was deservedly ap
plauded. Mr. J. A. Barnoy sang very sweetly the
popular melody “Kiss me to sleep, Mother,” and
Mr. W. F. Stanley was equally happy in his render
ing of “Will you meet mo, darling.” Dan Bryant
sang one of bis favorite comic ditties, and was
obliged to.repeat it several times, so hearty was the
appreciation exhibited. W.H. Rice burlesqued Nilsson
very cleverly, and Morrissey and Emerson appeared
in their very enjoyable song and dance entertain
ment. McAndrews* “Pastimes on the Levee,” and
Little Mac’s “Comic Essence,” were as well received
as ever. The sketches of “The Echo” and “Livo
Injin” introduced Dan Bryant, Nelse Seymour, W.
H. Brockway, W. H. Rice, and Little Mac, in suit
able characters; and McAndrews' plantation scene,
“Uncle Eph’s Dream,” brought the felicity to a ter
mination. The new sketches announced for this
week are “Les Miserables,” “Daniel in the Bryant’s
Den,” McAndrew’s “Old Gray Goose,” and “Tho
Four Spaniards.”
On the afternoon of Thursday next a grand com
plimentary benefit will be tendered the favorite
Ethiopian comedian, Mr. W. W. Newcomb, at Bry
ant’s Opera-House, on which occasion the following
distinguished artists will assist: the celebrated and
popular comedian, Unsworth, his first appearance
lor two years; Tony Pastor, Hughey Doughterty,
Johnny Allen, William Ashcroft, Fred Foster, Frank
Kerns, Frank Girard, George H. Coes, Bryants’ Min
strels, including Dan Bryant and tho entire com
pany, and many other celebrities. Mr. Newcomb
was long before the public as a superior artist in
every particular, and this tribute of respect on tho
part of his fellow professionals should be endorsed
by tho hearty suppor; of the public, manifested in a
house crowded in every part on Thursday afternoon
next, There wi 1 bo tho usual matinee on Satur
day.
San Francisco Minstrels.—The now fea
tures at the abode of this jolly crew have been tha
sketches of “The Cat in the Corner,”’ by Messrs.
Cheever and Kennedy, “The Broadway Milliners”
by Messrs. Oberist, Cheever, Gibbons, Birch, and
Kennedy,” and the screaming burlesque of “Tha
West Point Hazers” by Bernard, Birch, Newcomb,
West, Oberist and Shattuck. Each of the new sketches
abound in fun of the most uproarious description,
and it is unnecessary to say have full justice dona
them by the talented comedians of the company,
Charley Backus has continued his excellent imita
tions of popular artistes, and the lively festival scena
“Koine and Kiss Me,” entered on the thirteenth
week of its representation. “There’s Magic iu a
Kiss,” a new song and dance received excellent
treatment from Bobby Newcomb, who as an artistic
song and dance artist has no superior in the country,
and Billy West was an amuding specimen of Tha
Happy Darkey.” In tho opening part, an excellenl
concert was furnished by Messrs. Templeton, Wam
bold, Oberist, jMarkham, Birch and Backus, many
fine melodies being prettily sang by the sentimental
vocalists, and comic ditties by iho inimitable come
dians. The feast of fun at the San Francisco Min
strel Hall will be continued all week, and will ba
rendered still more attractive by numerous addi
tions to tho already large programme. Matinee on
Saturday.
Tony Pastor’s Opera House.—Sam Sanford
made his first appearance on Monday evening, and
on each occasion since has been entirely successful
in his laughable negro performances. George 8.
Knight, an excellent Dutch dialect comedian, has
met with much favor in his entertaining specialties.
Ada Stewart, an accomplished jig-dancer, has also
been well received, and the members of the ordinary
company have been unusually successful in their
efforts to amuse. The Present Day School” intro
duced Messrs. Queen, Graver, Webster, and Gard
ner, and the sketch was productive of grert merri
ment. The sensational songs of Miss Celia Iferd
and Miss Viola Clifton appeared to afford great satis
faction, and Harry Brown’s rendering of several
comic songs was pleasing and refined to a degree un
usual with English comic singers. Frank Kerns,
Hen Mason, Frank Girard, and C. F. Seabert per
formed in the sketches, “Cat-as-trophe” and “Tha
Arrival of Nilsson,” with their customary success.
Johnny Queen and C. A. Gardner danced a trial clog
dance, and Donahue sang several Irish comic songs.
Mr. Pastor gave a se’ection from his inexhaustible
budget of comicalities, and the thrilling drama,
“Drink; or, The Perils of City Life,” was represent
ed, with a cast including the principal members of
the company.
To-morrow evening, Jennie Engel, described a®
the most beautiful woman and best songstress on
the American stage, and Billy Carter, the celebrated
Ethiopian comedian and ban joist, will make their
first appearance, and Jim Crow Rice’s musical bur
letta, “Bone Squash,” will be produced,.with Sam
Sanford in the principal part. Tony Pastor will sing
two new songs, and the entire company will appear
in fresh acts. Matinees Tuesday and Saturday.
DRAMATIC.
Booth’s Theatre.—On Monday, Mr. Booth
made his reappearance on the stage of his own thea
tre, for the first iimo this season, and met with a
very cordial and hearty reception from a large and
fashionable audience. “Hamlet” was the play se
lected for his first appearance, and a more accepta
ble one could hardly have been chosen. In the first
place, the vast resources of thia theatre,, and the lib
erality of the management, enable this beautiful
tragedy to be put upon the stage in a manner un
surpassed for beauty of scenery and elaborateness
of detail. Indeed, the only attempt to approach it
in this respect we have ever seen, was made by tha
late Charles Kean, when he had the management of
the Princess’ Theatre, in London. His production
of some of Shakspere’s grandest plays was tho them®
of praise, both by the public and tha press—indeed,
the only fault which even the most critical could
find with them, was tho pre-Raphaelitism of their
detail. In the second place, liamlet is one of Mr. Ed
win Booth’s most telling impersonations—though not
by any means his best, in our opinion—and one in
which he has achieved some of his grandest suc
cesses. Mr. Booth’s rendition of Hamlet is so fa
miliar to tho theatre’going population, not only of
New York, but of the United States, that it is almost
unnecessary to enter into any elaborate criticism of
its merits now; beside, our opinion of it has been
expressed on many previous occasions in terms of
high praise. That it is a scholarlike, refined, and
thoroughly intellectual performance, is universally
admitted, although exceptions are frequently taken
as to his interpretation of the character.
Hamlet is a character respecting whom hardiy any
two persons agree; it is not, therefore, at all sur
prising that some persons prefer Fechter’s interpre
tation of the part to Mr. Booth’s; that others again
think the Hamlet of Barry Sullivan as infinitely su
perior to either, while many others again regarded
the Hamlet of the late Charles Kean or the late Wal
ter Montgomery as the Hamlet whom Shaksper®
intended to portray. One and all, however, agres
that Mr. Booth’s performance is a masterly and most
intelligent ono. Of the other characters in the play,
we are sorry we cannot speak in terms oi praise; in
deed, we must say that, with one or two exceptions,
the cast was a very poor one. Mr. Bangs made his
first appearance here as Laertes, and his addition te
the company is to bo highly commended. His rep
resentation of Ophelia’s brother was marked by in
telligence, refinement, and pathos. He looked and
acted the part very well. Mr. D. C. Andersoh was
tho Polonius. and although he makes up tha part well,
his representation of it is not good. He seems to
have adopted the idea that Polonius is an imbocila
old tool, instead of possessing Uw W1