IMON'AND AMERICAN:
fr.-
CLOTHING, ETC.
yiiiiri fir -tr-nrinWiViiirrr'l -1
iiKtHTffBw Yin-klM)Cnlll&l
yosicrd&y a?
r vr,f r Asal-sf 1101
3 anu closing mm
mm i i
Thinnesses, Boots
more active In
ot&al advanced nHoes.ffi.oll:lsucl
beingmoted at 05, and the new at
tipTTox isin falruesria York
ttol
GoLI is sti
it 'at lbwSr rates; "middling doling lastT
evening at l&Jc
1
3IEMPIIIS,
Siccial JJiipatcli to thg Enquirer.
.''Southern" Pacific Railroad.
MKiirms, Oct. 22. The Appeal's spe
cial from Shreveport says tlHt'thcTlallroad
CgajptSgri yesjerday Unanimously adopted
aircporghnd resolutions, .sclogjleinpbls
as the eastern terminus of the Southern
Pacific Hailroad line, contemplated via
Memphis and Little Rock Kailrpad to Un
vairBhifts, tljence to Tine Bluff and Cam
den" to ShrevenoVt. there connecTin'with
the Texas Pacific, now in operation to Mar
shilir Preliminary surveys and subscrip
tiofliJ'octhe prosecution of the. wbrkjrill.
be started immediately, and as the gauge of
the road froiu this, city lo Little Rock is
soonto be changed, to conform with those
of the Eastern roah, a continuous linefronr
MarsliauT Texas', to LoiusvinerCIuc'mna'tl
and St. Louts may soon he expected.
Constitutional Convention.
A number of the leading newspapcis of
the State are urging the necessity of a Con
stitutigaal Convention, and. frnin the pub
lic egressions'' of- a large majority 'of the
citizens of tlie Western and Eastern portions
of the State, favoring the same, may be con
sidered a foicioneomfJusIon. Among the
manjjsucj brought before it, will'lxi'tuG
reduction of taxes, abolition of various
county ofii-sB, bonding the State debt and
redemntion of thceimiiKV uoriion of tlm
issue Of tWStal Hank cf Teiliiessce mon
ey, both old and new, amounting to nearly
a million and a quarter of dollars. There
is liearly four hundred thousand dollars out,
two -and a half millions of which of the new
issue was fraudulently issued.
Tellow revernt Vlcksburjj.
The Vieksborg papers received to-night
declare the yellow fever an epidemic there,
ahdafJvise those utfacclimated to stay away
foCttiexpresent.
WEST TENNESSEE.
Jlold ExprcsHRobberj'.
Caiiso, 111.-. Oct. 22 At Union City,
Tenn., last night, while the passengers on
thejtraiu gf .the McVile- and Ohio Railroad
vere"at supper, thrtonien jumped on the
cngiiic"and ran the train back two miles,
while two others entered the express car
and robbed the express safe of about four
thousand dollars, and escaped. The mes
sengcr,wa5at supjierand had Jeft one man
on cuanl who was; 'overpowered by the
robbers.
CINCINNATI.
The Andes.
Cixci.nna.ti, Oct. 23. The Board of
Directors of the Andes Insurance Company
received the report of the Adjuster from
Chicago to-day, and their losses being above
the amount first repoited itxas unanimous
ly resolve. i to pay all proper losses in Chica-
go'and revive from the stockholders a sub
scription of $500,000 to make good the tech
nical Impairment of the capital and continue
business. Thirteen stockholders' present,
subscribed the pro rata amount before the
meeting adjourned.
ST. LOUIS. 1
Proposed Police Reforms.
St. Louis, Oct. 2. In the Police Con
vention tlie following reports were discuss
ed in committee of the whole, adopted, and
auuamjucuuy rcponeu uacK 10 ine uonven-
lion ami jsisseu unanimously: me report
of the Committcp on Industrial Schools for'
abandoned ami destitute youth, tlie
principal feature of which is iliat Con--gress
establish National Industrial schools,'
giving public lands therefor, each school to.
be located on the land given, the land to be!
inalienable, each State bv its Legislature to
be the actuary of the grant, a uniformity of I what to'believo"of these contradictions fur
general niles for domestic police of each i nislied from official sources.
institution, priority of claim for admission
to be always allowed to destitute
children, the tenn of instnicsion
and pupil.ie to be for males until the age
of 21, females If, except when abbrevi
ated by authority, anil the payment to the!
inmate when the term is completed of the
money made by him or her during appren
ticeship after deducting all expenses incur
red, i
The report of the Detective Committee,,
recommends the Legislatures of va-
rious .States to adopt a luiifonn code of
criminal law, giving full power to the offi
cers of one county to pursue and ca
ture criminals in any county in the!
State. They also ad 4 ige detectives through
out the country to ci-operate for the pur
jxjse qf detecting crime tliat when a felony
is committed in.a city, immediate notifica-
tion be made to 'the chiefs of police of other
cities, aud that the whereabouts of all crim
inals and professional thieves be communi
cated to all detectives.
After passing resolutions of tlianks to
various persons, the convention adjourned
to met in Washington City on the first
Monday in. June next, when a memorial
will be presented to Congress relating to
abandoned and destitute youth, and tlie es
tablis liuifiit of national industrial .schools.
FOREIGN.
HAITI.
SnlnnYe Ornnlilnrr Another Rcvolu-
tlon A Missing Vessel Cabrnl Ic
Teat liner.
Havana. Oct. SS. Advices from Port
au Prince of the Sth say rumors of another
projected revolution were obtaining cur
rency, and it was believed that the par
tisans of ex-President Gen. Salnave were
assembling on the Northern frontier and at
Monte Christo, in the Dominican Terri
tory. They are aided by President IJaez in
a projected incursion. 1
OJrThc ironclad steamer Atlanta sailed
December. lK(i!:.fur Port au Prince and has
never been h.-anl from. Sidney Oaksmith,
of Philadelphia, now claims that the late
Jresidcut Salnure contracted with Mm for
Hthe stumor at a valuation of $150,000, and
,Jtliat $.D,i00 was paid on tin contract. He
has brought suit against Salnave for the
balan -e of $t 00.000. The rase is Mill be-
fore tin courts.
The couee crop of Hayti is being gat h
jgpd; the yield, will be large. L
Itls assailed that the fire which caused
tlie destruction of Puerto Platte was caused
by the opixinents of the scheme of annexa
tion to the United States.
Tlie new from Cabrol and the revolu
tionary arinv confirm the rejiort of an en
gagement ulth the forces of llaez. Cabral
.rema'ried in jKisesjioii of San Ju.ui, while
y7the anny of Raez ictrealed with heavy loss.
1 SOUTH AMERICA.
Revolution Rampant.
Oaiiaoas. Oct. k. Tho revolution con
tuiueM in full vigor. The revolutionists re
tain p-issession of the seaport of Ciudad and
Bolhtu. and liae imposed a contribution
of $10.1.00 on the inlmbitanis. They are
now marcldng on liarcelona. President
Yuzm.m Ulanc actixoiy raising forces to
quell the revolt. He has gone to Valencia
to orgmizrt troops. Ilisvar steamers are
assembling at Puerto CilHle. It is antici-
i rpateiilKit a campaign thus opened jvlll'be
'''filial and closi struggle. The prisons are
crowded with jwlitiiwl prisoners. Thetiox
eroment is dispo-e I to rtde with an iron
baud.
FRANCE.
Xnpolcon Wants a Plebiscite.
Lmon, Oc. '3. The Times states
.that N ipoleon declared the rejwrts of Fona
k partis' onspir.vies intended a descent on
tl-3 c '.ist of France without foundation.
The F.iucror, Uiniing to lie the legitimate
sovereign, advoiates no iolent measttres
for restoration, but believes his partizans
should urge taking the will of 'tlie French
people upon me M'liieraeni oi me govern-
I kunnl 111' n ,t!lll'.-itf i
New Yoiik. Oct. 2.1. The new Rona-
rartut organ of iris publishes a letter iid
dresse 1 1- KuginI to the Czar of Russia,
Jatod :ipteuibe.-, a year ajo, soliciting his
influe nt) in tlie interest of peace.
f WSHEGTOT.
AiHerIcan.EBKlisl Co'mnilsafrii
"WasIhnqton. Oct. 22. The rooms of
United States and British Commission, nave
been neatly furnished, and the apartments
designated for the Court Commissioners
and Secretary of the Commission are now
pjeparea for buslhess,,but"tbe" session will
not he resumed Ml" file fith of TTovember.
On theuneautiiue jnstrwetions ami necessarj'
blanks will he famished to all who tiesire
themr, 5
1eronftlKxplanatlOB' V
In connection with the Hodge defalca
tion, statements were recently made which
do iniustice IbJIai.i'auldiniKforraerly Pay-
jnaster. in Uielarmyl who, hi lSCCwas tried
Tor allege"d violation of an order in having
transferred liis deiwsit from Hie First Na
tional Jianklo the Mechanics, which insti
tutionoou thereafter Jailed, the. fJovenir
jnent lossing the entire amount of the
money. Instcad.of having bde'n tried as
defaulter he was, according to tlie finding of
the court, exonerated irom having any per
sonal or interested motion in niakmif the
transfer. Jeilhcris-ititrue that hewas.ev
eriil'the penite'ntiarv.'Tior did tlie'CoVrt's
sentence so remand him. lie was onleicd
to militarv nrisnn for n vear. and was in
I! Fort McIJenry for three months when he
was released by order ot Secretary Stan
ton.
Ilad it been thought his action in the re
moval of his deposit was anything more
tharran error of judgment, it seems quite7
certain the penalty tor the loss ot .,U)
would liavc been something more tlian the
one irapasedywhicb was merely nominal
CQnlinciuenUwitliinthe grounds of .the 'gar
nson on irole. It was shown that he
never used for private purposes a dollar of
the 5iyo,000,OlK Intrusted to hnn,anii went
out oiiice poorer than he was when he en
tered the service.
Effect of Ilnbens Corpus Suspension.
Parties who liave just arrived from South
Carolina state that large nifinbers 'of arrests
are bejng made in the counties recently
placed tinder martial law. Among the
number are many innocent parties. Others
are leaving the State, having received inti
mation of their probable arrest. Considera
ble excitement prevails in the counties wl o:e
the arrests areJbeingihade.The trials of those
rerions alleged to belong to Ku-Klux or
ganizations will commence at once.
Confederate Army Reunion.
Fitzhugh Lee lias issued the following
call for a meeting of the Virginia Division
of the army of Northern Virginia
"Deriving authority from and in conform-
itr TVitl nrlmlao ftfrli otnl ctvtli in flirt i
VJ llltll UllIUVQ 11 1. 1 UUU Ol.VlU All JFltll
of organization of the army of Northern
Virginia, I hereby call a meeting of the Vir
ginia Division of that association, to take
place.in Richmond on tlie evening of tlie
2d of Nov., 1ST1. To organize the divi
sion upon a permanent basis, to preserve
friendships formed in the army, to perpetu
ate its fame, to vindicate its history, that
justice may be done to its living and dead
in the future, are among the objects for
wliich we meet. All officers, noiwximniis
sloned officers and privates, who belonged
to the Virginia organization of the army of
Northern Viiginia at any time during the
war, and who did not desert then, and have
not deserted since, a hearty Invitation is
extended to be present."
Special to the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Egregious Ulundcrlng.
It appears tliat there was a good deal of
carelessness exhibited in drafting the Presi
dent's proclamation declaring martial law
In South Carolina. One of the counties in
tended to be included m the so-called in
surrectionary district was omitted al
together, and one was included the county
of Marion of which the Radical Senator
from that quarter wrote that he, does not
know of a jmare peaceable place. He says
it must have been a clerical error to have
i nci tided that county. He begs that martial
law ;be withdrawn from it. The fact is,
tliatOIarion county.was rerinntedihere'to
beoneftbc7woretKuuxountic$,in
the Stated- The"lmthontie3'dtr not know
i i t lc ''JTt" T 7 r
Condition of tlie Treasury.
A statement of the condition of the
Treasury yesterday shows that its
currency balance has been reduced to
nearly .seven millions of dollars, while its
coin balance exceeds ninety millions. There
have been issued to date half a million of
dollars of National gold bank capital under
tlie new Law.
Sjecial to the Louisville Ltilger.
Til nt Profitable Quarry.
According to estimates from officials who
are in a iosition to know, about $2,000,000
lave been paid out within the past two
years for Seneca sandstone on the part cf
the government. How much of this money
has gone into the pockets of the ring of gov
ernment officials conuected with the com
pany does not appear. This much, how
ever, is certain, that before the President
arid his friends became interested in these
quarries it was a difficult thing to find even
a sample of the sandstone anywhere in tlie
city.
Sequel to IIodgcs Course.
The entire personal property and eflects
of Hodge, the defaulter, will be sold at pub
lic auction to-morrow. The death of
Hodc;e"s wife is feared from grief at her hus
band's transactions.
Civil Service.
Trumbull and Schurz are thoroughly dis
gusted at the stumbling-block which tlie
Attorney-General has thrown in the way of
civil service reforms by the late opinion of
the latter. Ihese Senators propose to in
troduce a measure in Congress next winter
which will give tlie Commission some pow
ers to carry reform into etrect, as the present
law is regarded as a negative. It is suggest
ed that the best service the present Com
mission can render the country is to resign
and go home, and thus relieve the treasury
from the tax which they are now uselessly
imposing upon it.
Southern Clnimaiits.
One of tlie lint cases to reach a hearing
before the present term of the Supreme
Court is one brought to test the constitu
tionality of the Drake amendment to the
army appropriation bill, making a presi
dential pardon prima fact? evidence of dis
loyalty on the part of the one presenting
it. The absolute injustice of this amend
ment, having its origin in Senator Drake's
partisan hatred of Andy Johnson, has pre
vented many equitable claims from 'being
tried before tlie Court of Claims, and it is
now hoped that the Supreme Court will re
move this legal obstacle from the path of
justice.
Iind Speculations.
Gen. ISalloch, from the published trans
fers of real estate, appears to be in a nour
ishing financial condition. Just before he
was relieved for converting public funds
into bonds so as to realize the interest, he
purchased ten lots in the Howard Univer
sity grounds. Following his example, Gen.
O. O. Howard, during the past week, has
purcliascd.fourteen lots from this .Universi
ty; The larger portion of the lots of the
FreedmCn's Bureau liafc passed into tlie
hands of its officers.
To the Associated Prcs'..
Cotton on Steamers.
Wamiixgtox, Oct. 23. The Sujenisoi-s
of Steamboats are engaged to-day in the
consideration of the question of the storage
of cotton on steamers, with a view to addi
tional safety in carriage.
MONTGOMERY.
Premiums for( Cotton.
Mo.ntkmhky, Oct. 23. Over $1,000 are
olVep.'d furlbe bot bales of cotton exhibited
at the Alabama State Fair, commencing
Oct. 111.
ARKANSAS.
Kiirocd to Death.
Littlk Rock, Oct. 23 A drug store
and adjoining building was burnt at Argenta
across the river from'1 this "place. A 'njan
named Charles Summers burned to death
Loss $4,000.
v
Why is a shoeblack like a clevcr 'school-
master?" -ttccause he polishes the under
standings, j
Balloonists should be made amenable to
sonie other law besides the law of gravita
tion.
SOUTIT CAROLINA.
aaSSSS?!? ofayonet Rule.j AT
Wholesale Arh'itritry Arrests.
IVliIte People Fleeing for their Lives.
Negroes Up to Tlielr Eyes In Plunder,
Herald Special.
.COLUMBIA. S. O.. Oct. 21 TiifnrmnMnn
has been received here from York nm! n.r
adjoining counties of Spartansburg and
Chester, stating that the greatest excite
ment exists tlierC-OWlim to thesinnmarv
proceedings of the United States Marshal
mu iiuujo. luiij-mm ciii.uns nave
liecn arrested and committed to 'nil. wiiM,
is already full of negroes. Several hun
dred citizens liave deserted their homes hi
consequence ol the wholesale arrests, and
sought refuge in the woods until oppor-
iiiuuy presents useii to sees satety in a
more instant night.
A reign of terror exists in that entire
section or the Shite, and depredations ar
being committed on the property of tlie
citizens who have lied by negroes and other
evu-uisposeu persons.
A tight is said to have taken place on
Ilroad river between a hand of Ku-Klux
ami Unltedtates troops, and the conflict
was so severe that reinforcements have
neen cancel lor.
Herald Special.
iLuiiMuivA, uci. 2i. Aiiviees re
ceived herelroni South Carolina state that
at Spartanburg, on Wednesday evenhm last.
.r,..ri.i..i J.i ..s.
uuu-muA uauu, uuiuiMiug oi me cmei anil
twenty members, surrendered to United
States Marshal Johnson, with their arms
ana disguises. Up to Friday niornhur sev
enty arrests had been made in tlie vicinity
oftliattown alone. Spartanburg is known
io ue me neauquaners lor mat Congres
sional District. Arrests have been made
in other counties, but the number is not
known here.
Attorney-General Akerman is still with
Col. Merrill. A number of well-known
citizens are missing, includim: Lvle. a mem
ber of the Legislature, who is known to be
the Chief of the Klan for that district.
Among those who have disappeared, are two
or mree clergymen, known lor their stron:
reoci proclivities.
llie olhcers of the law are nroceedincr
steadily with their work, and, before the ar
rests are ail made, they will, it is affirmed.
show the existence of a deep aud wide con
spiracy against the State, the laws and all
who sustain them. Most of the Ku-Klux
refugees are known to liave fled to Georgia,''
wnere me wmer is mute stronc. The
Grand Cyclop for that State is believed to
be a son-in-law of Robert Toombs.
To the Associated Tress.
A Itcitrn of Terror Women and Chil
dren the Principal Sufferers.
New York, Oct. 23 Advices from Col-
umDia, a. u., state that no definite intelli
gence has been received concerning a con
flict between the Ku-Klux and troons on
Broad River, though it is believed the latter
are victorious. Women and children are
thus far the heaviest sufferers of martial
law. hole families are fleeing from Spar-
tauuurg, union and lork counties. Nine
teen citizens were lodged in jail at York
ville yesterday. To-morrow sixty more
will be secured at Yorkville. Private sol
diers have been imprisoned for advising the
citizens to fly to avoid arrest.
COLUMBIA.
rational Colored Convention.
Coltmiua, S. C, Oct. 22. In the Na
tional Colored Convention, on Thursday,
resolutions indorsing President Graut's Ad
ministration were introduced and referred.
Resolutions were adoptedTadvocating the
preservation of the reconstructed State
Governments and the existing laws, and
the continuance in power of the Republican
party; also indorsing those Republicans
who have come to the South from the
North, and deprecating an attack upon any
class within the Republican ranks.
Resolutions were introduced on Friday
deprecating emigration to Liberia.
More Rights Demanded.
Congressman Elliott, of South Carolina,
submitted yesterday an address to the
American people. It asks for more perfect
recognition of the colored people in work
shops and all other industrial pursuits, that
they may become proficient in mechanical
sciences, and thereby protect skilled artisans
from having to compete in market with
workmen of inferior capacity; and asks
from Congress aid for the education of poor
children South. It demands one standard
of duty or policy for all citizens. It affirms
that colored citizens liave no desire to strike
a line of action not common to the whole
jieople, and concludes with a hope for the
speedy abolition of slavery in every part of
the world.
NEW YORK.
Wrecked in Slid Ocean.
New York, Oct. 2.1. The bark Noske,
from Glasgow, arrived to-day and reports
that Sept. 18, latitude :!0 deg. longitude 47
deg., she picked a boat containing a second
mate and four seamen of the English bark
Lord Stanley, from Liverpool for Gaspe
Bay, Gidf of St. Lawrence. They left her
in a sinking condition 20 hours previous.
The Captain, first mate and nine men re
fused to leave. She probably foundered
with all on board.
What O'Conor Sajs.
Chailes O'Conor said to-dav the work of
prosecuting the defaulters of the city is
getting on well. The facts gained show
that many who now think they are sale
from the storm, are likely to be overthrow n
in spite of their apparent bravery, and that
many in tlie belief of being lierfectly se
cure will be surprised by finding themselves
m the grasp of the law, and in such a de
graded position that neither money or in
fluence will liave the slightest effect in pro
curing their release. So certain is tlie work
that even if the enemy knew all the move
ments of the attacking party they could not
help being overthrown.
HIhIii? from itn Ashes.
Tlie North American Insurance Coiuiu-
nv intend to form a new company under
the old title and continue business as here
tofore. Imprisoned for Debt.
Application will be made for writs of ha
beas corpus before Judge Barnard in the
cases of all persons that were unjustly de
tained m Ludlow street jail for debt or oth
er reasons.
Pntal Accident.
This evening while pissing a block of
granite on East River bridge pier, a der
rick gave way and crushed one man to
death, loremau Douglass was badly in
jured, and another fell under the ruins of
the wood work and scallold and is now bu
ried there. Another man was precipitated
from tlie top of the pier and is not expected
to live.
Our Xntionnl Honor.
The contest between Asbury's yacht Li
vonia and representatives' yacht of the New
York Club for the American coy, ended to
day in a brilliant victory" for Sappho. She
rounded the flag-boat, winning the stake in
3:59-03, and Livonia did not get up till -1:25-41.
It is reported to-night that Bonnet has
accepted the challenge to sail the Dauntless
against the Livonia, and the race will come
oil' to-morrow.
The Republican Senatorial Conventions
this evening made the following nomina
tions: Fourth District, ilathew Stewart:
Fifth District, William Evarts;
Sixth District, Dr. August Weiss
man; Eighth District Win. Hall, Jr.
The regular Democracy name Judge Led
with for the Supreme Court. It is settled
almost beyond pcradventure tliat Tammany
Hall will endorse his nomination.
A Candidate Sues for Xlbel.
RoxnoUT, N. Y., Oct. 23. Horatio
Fowks, editor of the Rondout Freeman was
to-day arrested on an order of Judge Bari
nard. Compl -Inant, Judce Schoonmaker,
Democratic i ididate for county Judge of
uisier count,, alleged libel damages in
510,000. Fowks gave bail for $10,000.
KASBTVTLLE, TE1ST2ST.,
THE DBOUGHT FIRES.
Six Countlesof West New York Aflame,
The Woods and Marshes Burnlnij.
Rochester Suffocated witli ghiotc.
a Prussian Settlement Burned Out
Rochester, Y., Oct. 23 Extensive
fires are prevailing in the swamps and woods
in iuonroe, vyucaiia, Niagara, lienessee.
Wayne and Seneca counties. Tlie wind
i f
uas ueen mowing a peneci. gale since ves-
icniay morning, ami mucu uneasiness Is
felt throughout the burning district. Tho
smoke obscures the sun to such an extent
tliat lights liave to be used in buildings to
day in this city. Reports are constantlv
coming i noi una m an uirections.
AUH.NRX, a. 1 Oct. 23. About 300
acres of forest, known as Chestnunt Ridge,
near this city, burned vesterdav. The
flames were subdued by the united labors
of the people of the neighborhood.
The .Montezuma marshes liave been bun S
ing for several days. These marshes are
two miles wide, and about twelve miles in
length.
Tnov, Dec. 23. 'lhe woods near Shaker
settlement, about six miles from here, arc
on fire, and It is feared will do considerable
damage.
JIo.ndout, r., Oct. 23. A lame fire
is raging in the Shawangunk Mountains,
near Fort Ilixon, and several hundred acres
are already burned over.
A large lire is also racing in the woods at
t latbush, near Rondout.
Rochester, N. Y., Oct. 23 Tins city
is enveloped in smoke, and reports are con
stantly arriving ot fires rasnns in the woods
throughout the country. Two farm-houses
aud other buildings, near Walworth, Wayne
county, are reported burned. Several houses,
aud straw and hay stacks, with the large
woods opposite Seneca Point, on Canan-
diagua Lake were burned to-day. It is also
reported that one man was burned to death.
A rumor comes lrom Albion that the
Prussiau settlement of North Albion, in
Orleans' county, was burned to-day. The
wind lias subsided this evening. The coun
try is very dry, and no hopes of the fires
being extinguished until heavy rains occur.
CHICAGO.
The Court House.
Chicago, Oct. 23. Tho walls of two
wimrs of the Court House have been ex-
amiuedtand found but little injured. Their
condition is such as to admit of immediate
reconstruction. The supervisors have or
dered that the work on the county wing be
at once commenced. The roof will be put
on at once and work on the inside can pro
gress during tlie winter.
A Homeless Congregation.
At a meeting yesterday of the congrega
tion of the Fourth Presbyterian Church,
Prof. David Tying, Pastor, it was ascertain
ed on a close investigation tliat the eight
hundred worshippers in that Church were
burned out of their dwellings, and are
homeless to-day. Their house of worship
and their Erie Mission school were likewise
destroyed. In fact the home of not a single
worshipper escaped destruction. This was
one of the most flourishing Presbyterian
Churches in the city.
Suicide.
W. E. Longworthy, a carpenter-who lost
all his possessions by the lire, committed
suicide yesterday by shooting himself at his
temporary residence, .No. 00 Clinton street.
He had been laboring under a serious de
pression for several days.
1 he Chamber of Commerce liave decided
to rebuild. The new building will be su
perior to the old one in every respect.
Political Proposed Fnslon.
A meeting of the Republican Executive
County and State Committee, in conjunc
tion with a number of leading Republicans,
was held to-day. After discussion resoln
sions were passed.
1. lliat the call already issued for city
and county conventions be withdrawn,
a. 2. That they would meet with the Dem
ocratic committees and leading men to con
fer as to the advisability of a union ticket.
3. Tliat a sub-committee be appointed to
meet with the Democratic Committee then
admission at" another place to inform them
of their action, and adjourn to meet again
to-morrow to consider what officers they
would concede to the Democrats.
And. lastly, that if the Democracy would
not accept the offices conceded to them,
then the call of the Republican Committee
for conventions should be renewed and a
straight Republican ticket nominated.
The Home Insurance Companies.
There are indications to-day that the Chi
cago Insurance Companies will do much
better than has been generally expected.
The Republic, winch at first resolved to
pay 25 per cent, and disband, it is under
stood will reconsider that action and pay in
full. It will pay 2o per cent, without wait
ing for an adjustment, and after the adjust
ment will juy in fulU It is hoped tliat sev
eral other companies will do equahyas well.
It is also assorted that the Lumberman's
will pay in full.
The entire unburut portion of the city is
now supplied with water from the water
works. It is only shut on from the burned
districts, where it is not needed.
The Losses of the Methodists.
The committee appointed at a recent
meeting of the Rock River Conference to
ascertain the losses of the Methodist Church
by fire, rejiort as follows Loss to Garrett
Biblical Institution on buildings; etc., $S0,
K: Methodist Church block; S100.000; on
Grace Church, $100,000 on Scandinavian
and two German churches, $10,000. The
amount of insurance that can lie recovered
is about $SO,000.
Tlie Grosvenor Tragedy theltcsultof
Military Utile.
The innucst on the Grosvcnor homicide
has not yet been closed. The excitement
which was very markedjthe day after the
occurrence has been measurably subsided.
Col. Sherman, who was young Treat's
commander, publishes a communication in
the Time, in which he defends his action in
establishing a military patrol in the city by
authority of the Mayor, and ho asserts that
although young Treat as a novice, anxious
to do his duty, might have exceeded that
duty, yet in heart he was innocent of inten
tional wrong.
Col. Sherman defends Gen. Sheridan
from the assaults of the Times, and insists
that he had no more to do, nearly or re-motel-,
with the homicide, than any otlier
citizen.
MISSIONARY.
CiNCiXJfATi, Oct. 23 The Christian
Missionary Convention adjourned to-night.
The Treasurer's report showed receipts
during the year of $48,200; balance, $300.
Jacob Burnett resigned tho 'office of Re
cording Secretary and W. D. Davidson, of
Louisville, was elected instead. In the
evening a discussion ensued on the duty of
women as workers in Christian evangeliza
tion. Dr. Dodge preached the closing ser
mon to-night.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
A bank cashier of Springfield, Mass., has
disappeared with $19,000.
The ladies of San Francisco have sent
Chicago a thousand new garments.
The San Francisco police are working up
the recent numerous incendiary fires in that
city, with but little success thus far.
The Emperor Wilhelm contributed a
thousand thalers for Chicago relief.
The Boston Post puts the loss of shoes
sent from that city to Chicago at two mil
lion dollars.
There is one newspaper published in the
District of Columbia for every six square
mlies of territory.
The Chicago Journal has a list, nearly a
.column long, of missing persons, mostly
women and children.
Put money in thy purse, as the pickpock
et said when he robbed a man of an empty
one...
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1871.
CLARKSVILLE.
The Montgomery Couaty Fair a Til
nmphant Success.
The Baby Show Kings of Incipient
Heart-Breakers and Fntare Hopes
of tho Slate" From Babies to Males,
AVhatn Descent t-Tiie Most Popular
tady Fine Stock ffonJ Keatucfcy
"Mellow as n Juno Apple riad'Fra
grant as a Flower Bed" Montgomery
County Hospitality.
To the Editors of the Union and American:
Ci.AitKSvii.LE, Oct. 20. If the Mont
gomerv Countv Fair does .not prove a tn
umphant success to the stockholders, It will
not be owing to the weather. JN ever liave
we witnessed such glorious days days in
which the softened sunshine, uniting with
the gorgeous colors of the withering leaves,
give at once a splendor and a softness to the
landscape which prepares the mind for pure,
rational enjoyment. The turnout .on me
evening of the second day was quite re
spectable, aud when
THE UABY RIXO
came oil", the space surrouudiug the pagoda
was one ol animatlnn interest anil of peculiar
pleasure, in the ring lor tlie prettiest girl
unucr two years ot age, mere were seven
entries. The little innocents cooed and
laughed, and looked around, enjoying
the scene quite as much as tlie older portion
of the crowd. Kisses and praises, wishes
and regrets, were not unfrequent among
11 unmarried portion, and winks and nods
and knowing smiles passed like electric
flashes between those accustomed to such
things. Some objection was made to the
judges, who, it was maintained, knew noth
ing in the world about babies all being
bachelors or persons without cliildren, but
they having promised a reform in the future,
were permitted to proceed in their decision,
and gave it after mnch looking, kindling,
kissing and chucking, to Sadie Adie, infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Jolinson.
Little Sadie bore her honors nobly,
and carried them off with an appa
rent consciousness of liavius deserved them.
Sterling Neblett, of the Chronicle, T?as
granted the certificate, which was doing
very well for a printer.
Tlie next ring was lor boys two years old
and under. Nine of the "future hopes of the
State" were brought in. Their appearance
argued well for Tennessee in the year 1900.
Dr. P. Sypert's son George took the goblet,
and a son of Benj. Smith the certificate.
In the sweepstakes ring tor the unest child
either sex, five years old or under, a fine
silver pitcher was awarded to Allen John
son Cammack, of New Orleans, a son of
Mrs. i lorence Cammack. Tliis little gen
tleman was "the admired of all admirers,"
and if his present appearance foreshadows
his usefulness, in the future he ought to be
"burning and a shining light" to all the
land. Nothing during the whole progress
of the fair has given such pleasure to the
spectators. Babies will be interesting as
long as the world Is worth living in.
tiie mule r.ujo
was in every particular an admirable one.
We do not think the people of Montgomery
are given much to mule raising, but they
liave a fancy for fine mules and will have
them at any price.
HORSEMANSHIP.
John C. Willis was awarded the premium
for the best horsemanship, and Buck Buck
ner, an admirable, graceful and dignified
rider, the certificate. This lattergentleman
received both the first and second, premium
in the ring for the best saddle mare, horse
or gelding. Woods Means, of Hopkins
ville, took the premium for the fastest pac
ing horse on their celebrated Crocket, who
goes ahead whether he is right or not.
For shoeing horses and making horse
shoes C. Dineen, of Clarksville, took the
premium.
V. T. JMoms, ol loud county, took tlie
premium for the best pair of home made
boots.
MULE KACE.
On the morning of the third day a mule
race came ofi" which elicited hearty applause
from the spectators. The best time was
made by Willy Ballow in 2:47i-
W. T. Smart, ot Christian county, took
the premium for the best stallion in harness.
FIXE HORSES.
Herndon and Willis took the premium
for the best aged mare, and also for the best
two year o!d.rf
Buck Buckner took the premium for the
best harness gelding two years old and over,
and Roach and Dick took the second pre
mium.
The entries in these last rings were very
fine, and would attract attention in any fair
in the United States. If the leading men
in Montgomery would take the interest in
the fairs they ought to do, the county would
shine like a sun in the firmament of the
State.
rnoTooisAPHS.
We inadvertently omitted to mention at
the proper time the display in the photo
graphic art made on the first day by C. J.
3lcCormicKot Clarksvuie. i ins gentlemen
lias won an enviable reputation in his busi
ness, and can make a picture, as clearly de
lineated as life. He is both a close student
in his business and an earnest worker. He
deserves success and has attained it.
ACCIDENT.
A serious accident occurred to the Rev.
Ii. Johnson aud Mrs. Dryileu on Thurs-
lay morning, while on their way to the fair.
ust as they were crossing the railroad at
Cherry's Station, in Montgomery county,
the locomotive struck the hind part of the
buggy, dragging it to the distance of fifty
ards and inflicting severe, but we are glad
to learn, not fatal injuries on both Mr.
Johnson and Mrs. Drvden. They were for
while thought to be fatally hurt, but sub
sequent examinations showed their injuries
to lie slight. The engineer we learn gave
the usual warning, but Mr. Jolinson thought
he would have ampie time to pass tlie road.
THE CLARKSVILLE BRASS UAXD
has been filling the air during the week
ith their delightfid symphonies wliich
diffusing its inspiriting influences lias con
tributed in no small degree to the enjoy
ments of the week. Prof. Kryer, the
leader, lias had charge of this band but a
short time, yet has so organized and discip
lined it that but tew bands in the State are
its equal. We congratulate the people of
Clarksville upon having such au emcient
band and would direct the attention of
county Fairs to their eminent superiority.
A DAILY PAVER.
Messrs. Ingram Doak have been issu
ing during the week an unusually sprigbtly
daily which has given full, voluminous and
nteresting accounts ol the ran-. These
gentlemen deserve special commendation
lor their enterprise and industry. ineir
daily of twenty columns is eagerly sought
for by persons in attendance every niorn-
Ins. and we hope me time is not distant
when Clarksville, the great Western tobac
co maiket, may be able to add and support
a daily Leaf to the furtherance of the great
interests ol tlie tobacco-growing sections.
Clarksville, Oct. 21. lhereportthus
far was written forthc Sat urdaypaper,but the
Memphis and Louisville train, disdaining
such a small concern as a lair ground or a
reporter, did not step, and we are compelled
to embrace the whole report of the Fair in
the present communication.
THE MOST POPULAR LADY.
On Friday evening the votes of all the
visitors were taken to decide who was the
most popular lady on the fair ground.
Miss Flora Heatherington having secured a
plurality of those cast, was presented with
a magnificent silver pitcher worth twenty
five dollars. Miss Heatherington is one of
those ladies whose goodness and self-sacrificing
devotion to the Interests of the
Southern cause endeared her 10 thousands
of persons in Montgomery county, and her
success on this occasion demonstrates the
truth of the old adage, tliat justice, though
sometimes slow, seldom fails to reward the
deserving In the end. Miss Huldah War
field and Miss Jennie Binford, of Ruther
ford county, received highly complimentary
votes. We trust the compliment thus
paid to one of the fair daughters of
old Rutherford may be the means
of strengthening the bonds of amity and
good fellowship which also exist between
the counties, and may induce the daughters
of the one, and the sons of tlie otlier, to
enter into still closer relations, until the two
counties may appear like binary stars in
the firmament of our glorious old State.
KENTUCKY STOCK.
To-day (Saturday) the crowd was greatly
increased and some of the finest stook in
the adjoining State of Kentucky was on ex-
WHOLESALE
GOODS,
WE ARB NOW IN RECEIPT OF A VERT LARGE STOCK OF
FOREIGI AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIOAS, ETC.,
FOB THE FAXI. TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
EVANS, FITE, PORTER CO.
S, B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS
DEALERS Ilff FOREIGN AWD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging, and Ties Furnished and Liberal Advances made.
Exclosire Agents for the sale of Manning's WhUky and Annls Sheetines.
ocl 3m p
T
GILBERT, PARKES CO.,
COTTON FACTORS,
GROCERS A! COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Ji'os. 57 tnd 59 South College Street,
TJASU. l TT.T.-p; TZSKTN'.
BEING LOCATED AT THE LARGE NEW WAREHOUSE FORMERLY OCCUPIED BY
GEO. C AL.LKX Sfc CO., and having Increased facilities for Handling; Cottou and
other Produce, we hoje, with renewed efforts, to merit a continuation of tho liberal patronage
heretofore bestowed upon us.
Bagging anfl Tics Furnished and Advancements made on Consignments.
AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED CARVER COTTON GINS.
aug!8 eod till novo
hibtion. "We hare only room to mention
two, the splendid stallion Surprise, beloug
ins; to Webb Garth, of Todd county. Sur
prise is a beautiful bright bay, with a pedi
gree as long as the Mosaic law, extending
back to a time beyond the memory of man.
He is full of mettle, and in the language of
a bystander "tlie gamest horse that ever
struck the American turf."
C. TV. Iiansone of Christian county
showed his splendid black saddle stallion,
Black Prince, a horse of admirable qualities
and magnificent form. lie carries himself
with so grand and majestic an air tliat it
would be difficult to say whether his form,
liis gait, his color or his spirit are to be pre
ferred to liis vaunting ambition. He bore
off two or more premiums during the fair
and still was ambitious of more.
A LADY KErOETER.
3Irs Meeker, of tlie Atlanta Constitution,
was on band as a reporter for her paper.
But few ladies in the South have made a
more enviable reputation than this lady.
She is a good writer, an able thinker, and
adds to the weight of any paper with which
she is associated.
WORTHY OF IIEXTIOX.
a silver cup was given as a complimen
tary premium to two little girls, Misses
Mattie and Lula Ellebrew, for a superb
article of butter manufactured by them
selves. Unaided they have made from
seventy to eighty pounds of the richest but
ter we have seen in the last two months.
and considering their ages, twelve and nine,
we think they richly deserve the compli
ment that the Board of Directors liave paid
em. If industry is encouraaeu m the ris
ing generation, we have nothing to fear for
the future.
A USEFUL liTENTIOX.
There is a new invention on exhibition by
Mr. G. TV. C. Lovell, and manufactured by
TVhitfield, Bates Co., foundryuien of
Clarksville. Its good points are economy
and convenience. A small scuttle of coal
will supply it for a day, while it is light and
may be moved at will, nsed out of doors or
in the house. It is particularly adapted to
Mr. Lovell's patent smoothing iron; serves
for heating a boiler of water or as a cooking
stove, and is gotten up in a style creditable
to the foundry as well as the patentee.
DOUULIXO THE REPOirTEU'S VISION.
Mrs. M. C. Johnson cave your reporter
some brandy which illuminated and doubled
Ids vision. It was thirteen years old and
as mellow as a June apple, and as fragrant
as a flower-bed.
PRINCELY HOSPITALITY.
TVe like the sociability and princely hos
pitality of the people of Montgomery. TVe
rejoice in her well merited fame for the in
telligence, virtue and morality other citi
zens, for her rich soil and natural resources.
TVe exult in her historic glories, and her
public men, but we must in justice to truth
bewail her want of interest in these public
festivals that go so far to diffuse a spirit of
enterprise amongst her people. With a
air cround and surrouudings equal io any
n the State, and with a Board of Directors
competent, Cuthful and laborious, with pro
ducts of the soil of superior excellence, and
stock that would command a premium any
where, yet so apathetic and lndiiierent
area majority ol ncr citizens inai me
benches for three days out of four, during
which this Fair was held, were almost
empty and lifeless. This should never be.
Tills alone would deter puoiic spinteu men
from making a home among her people.
By such things people from a distance judse
of them, and by such things they must eith
er "sink or swim, live or die, survive or
perish." Let the. people of tliat glorious
old county rich in all the elements of wealth,
look to this and correct it in the future.
They deserve a better fate than such things
would forecast, and their glorious name
should not be tarnished by even an appar
ent want of public spirit.
SOUTHWEST MISSOURI.
A Branch of tlio South FncIIlc Koiul
Tlio Oznrlt HUM The Stamping
Ground or Old ln Price Settlers
from Tennessee A Terrible Kallroad
Monopoly IIoiv Immigrants are Al
lnred to Destitution.
Seneca, Mo., Oct. 2, 1S71 From St.
Louis 330 miles to the Southwest brings
one to the borders of the Indian Nation.
Of this 330 miles the road runs for the
first hundred over pleasant valley and gen
tly undulating uplands; through fields and
meadows, coquetting sometimes for miles
on its way with such beautiful streams as
the Gasconade, crossing and recrossing it,
frightening the cattle from its banks and
waking up the people in the comforta
ble farm houses along the way, and tlien as
if discarding all idea of pleasure, leaves
these scenes at once and strikes boldly out
into the very heart of the Ozark Hills; into
a country for the most part as rough and
uncultivated, as free from all traces or signs
of civilization as it was a thousand years
ago. For nearly another hundred miles
does the train on this Southern Pacific
Road, winding and twisting, hugging the
great hills, creeping slowly around fright
ful curves, puffing up steep grades, and
creeping aismally down steeper ones, pick
its tortuous course among the Ozark Hills;
and then once more "out of the wilder
ness," comes tearing down into tlie open
country, and winds up with a triumpliant
whistle at the town of Springfield.
The Ozark House is not a bad house, and
tlie tidy young girls (Caucasian) who come
to take your order at the supper table don't
make you any more dissatisfied with tilings
tlian you would be without them; they are
all neat and perfectly well-behaved a little
partial to the best-looking fellows, probably,
but I don't mind that respectful and atten
tive, and certainly a decided improvement
on the African of either sex, or the mascu
line waiter of any color.
It would be hard to find anywhere a more
beautiful and apparently a more fertile val
ley than that by which Springfield lies sur-
rounded.
The town itself one of tho oldest, in the
State was for many years the commercial
capital of a considerable tract of country
NEW SEBIES- NO. 978.
DEALERS IN
NOTIONS, ETC.,
GOODRICH.
J. M. SPCRLOCK.1
Ai COTTON FACTORS,
wanting neither in resources nor populatio.n,
Shut out from St. Louis and the upper coun
try by the Ozark nills, with the Indian na
tion and the Osage Reservation an effectual
barrier to the west; with impenetrable
swamps, filled with all kinds of wild ani
mals, cutting it off from the river and the
river counties, this "Southwest country"
formed a little empire nf its own, in
wliich, if there was not always the
peace and happiness one reads of in the
story books, concerning such isolated com
munities, there was at least a moderate
degree of prosperity, and trade was brisk at
the capital.
But the locomotive long looked for,
and ardently looked for of course, lias
come at last, and it is a question hi my
mind whether for tliis little city at least, it
lias come as a "spirit of health, or goblin
damned."
The country no doubt will be benefitted
by it. The farmer now has St. Louis and
the world for his market. But there Is
talk of "dull times" among the eight or ten
thousand people of Springfield, and it would
not be .natter of much surprise, if the rail
road carried off the steady going old town,
like a galloping consumption. But I drink
to its health in a lager beer saloon, and
wish, like Mrs. Gamp, "the best of lucks
to all," for of all the "steady-going" old
towns in this land, but few were more
steady-going for the South,
"AVhen through tho deep waters he called her
to go."
Here in this Southwest country Gen.
Price "ranged his patriot band," won his
famous victories, or fell back undaunted by
defeat amid the protecting sliadows of her
everlasting hills to "girt his loins again."
Here Lyon fell, and here to-right on many
a quiet hillside, sleep her own glorious
dead. I drink to them all to friend and
foe, who woke tlie echoes of these hills in
those stormy times, and wish them peace at
last.
"Twenty minutes for supper," and away
again through tlie Cist gathering darkness,
into the deeper night, and at last as day
dawns upon us, to Seneca on the Border.
I have heard much of this Southwest Mis
souri, and I take a day or two to "do it."
There are many old Tennesseeans here;
indeed, most of the settlers that I liave
seen are from our State. Kestless fellows
who loaded their wagons and started TVest
years ago and wound up here, not caring
to cross the "Nation," aud not taking the
trouble, many of them, to enter the
lands upon which they settled,
working on from year to year raising
"truck" enough to do them and putting
up some, sort of improvements on their
places; until the "government grants their
land or its land" to a railroad company and
the squatters now must either pay the com
juny for those same improvements or load
up again and move on, leaving their house
lioldgods to strangers.
I rode all day yefterday with the ageut of
the company, and many a jwor man's place,
his earn ripeniiu; behind his house and his
brats tumbling about his door, was pointed
out to me with the remark:
"That's ours."
In more tlian one instance the nun Iilm
slf was called from the house, and stood
whittling irresolutely at the fence.saying "he
didn't know wliat lie'd do yet" and it
"proved mighty hard" when the agent
would press him to buy his owii land.
It 'peared" a little liard to me, too, but
I saiil nothing, and the mustang ponies were
cracked up with the whip, and away we
went across the open prairie, miles and
miles and no house, miles aud miles and no
tree, nothing but the stunted grass on either
side, and the dead level country ahead, bro
ken here and there at regular intervals by
little mounds, made the people say by thn
prairie.dogs, though why the prairie dogs
should take the trouble to ornament the
country in tliis fashion is more titan I can
see.
"Sarcoxie prairie" never varying, stretch
es away for twenty miles, and winds up at
a little creek and a little town, squatted for
these fifty years in a little wood, a little old
scraggy black jack wood, that ought to be
ashamed of itself if it isn't.
Here, too, the agent seems to have things
pretty much his own way; indeed, it is a
noticeable thing about all these
agents that they always do seem to have
things pretty much their own way every
where, the railroad in addition to having
gone heavily into the real estate business,
apparently owning half the hotels, dry
goods and grocery houses in the country,
and exercising some sort of mysterious su
pervisorship over the other half.
I am not prepared to say positively, but I
believe the very chignons the girls wear
over their heads are the private property of
the railroad, and if 1 wanted a wire in this
country I would go to the nearest agent and
ask him if he pleased just to pick out some
thing that he thought would suit mc.
I may say once for all that this particular
section of country, if my opinion Is worth
anytliing, offers but few inducements to
emigrants.
Lands of the same description are about
as high as with us. The best bottom lands
liave been taken up long ago and are worth
from thirty to fifty dollars per acre, accord
ing to improvements, locality, etc
Hundreds of thousands acres of hill lands
are for sale at three to five dollars per acre,
about as valuable for agricultural purposes
as our Dickson county coalings, which I
think can be had at a lower figure.
The "upland prarie" is held at S3 to S'-'O
per acre, on long time. Timber and water
scarce, and the rocks lie suspiciously near
the surface.
Disinterested gentlemen, from their city
offices, liave scattered flaming circulars
broadcast over the land, setting forth the
wonderful natural advantages of this sec
tion, and holding out dazzling inducements
to emigrants.
I liave one of these circulars before nie
now, in which the favored spot from wliich
I write, in addition to its superior fitness
for all agricultural purposes, is described as
J "the home of the apple, the pear, the peach
j and the vine."
I do not wish to appear rode, bat I am
i a. i it., iif.i. fJJF
Mn'saallfjs'CMfthi
AND
FDMISBIM GOOIJ,
34 2f erth Summer Stre,
iheas usxext, I
Business Suils,
Dress Suits,
The FrsmcHHe Suit, -The
JPeet Jacket-Srit,-The
JlCaemmrhet mutt,.
Dress Coats,
Frock Coats,
.Homing? Co His,
ELEGANT 1TNE3 OP
EBgmi a0 Frencfe Cagsfcaert
mi Black Doesklx
STYLISH CUT A5B JCABE EaCAX Tf&
ANY CXSTOX WORK.
Fall Overcoats!
IX GREAT VARIETY?"'
BOYS' WEAK!
Boys' School Suits,
Boys1 Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's Suits, three years
upward.
Totalis' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Butt.
Dress and Business Shirts,
ajcrioi antris.
NOBBY HECK WE AX
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, TRIMS, TRAVELING K
34 North Summer St.
epK5tniJan3,T2p lrtp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
TEE
CLOTHING TRADE.
'z
1
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Southioest, than ever before,
which we toill sell io mer
chants only) at ihe very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and ice earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Partiadar attention is call
ed to our Nei.o Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all wJio have exam
ined tlien superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at whicli we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIVAR II. C0DKE&Ct
NA8UV1LLB, TF1SH
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
wpIO tf
constrained to say that I think the Imagina
tions of these gentlemen are richer than the
lands they diwaibe.
This may be the "home of the apple, the
pear and tlie peach," but none of all the
numerous family are at home this season,
while trees in the same latitude with xa are
bending with fruit.
Tlie "agricultural lands" may be all that
is claimed for tbem, but the plow-boys In
the corn-fields are wonderfully successful If
they are hunting for pebbles, and la many
instances their fathers, if yoa asked thsm
for bread, could much more easilygive you
stones. Tramp.
Asa Faulkner, B. J. nilL F.M.SmUb,
J. I. Thompson, P. H. Coflee, George 31.
Smartt, W. T. TVhltc, S. O. Smartt, V. H.
Smartt,W. T. Garrett, J. T. Bhodei G. TV.
Richardson, YT.II. Carroll, L- D. Hielcer
son and Wiley Hickerson, were elected Di
rectors of the 3fc3Ilnnville and Manchester
railroad by the stockholders at Manchester
last week.
Valparaiso, IniL, has a Tier. Mr. Beer.
Itisnotstateiwhctherhaevergets at lager-head
with his congregation Indiana
Sentinel.
Gen. Naglee, at San Jose, will distill
about 15,000 gallons of grape .brsndyulns
year. He has 05,000 gallons in sre, which
he will not put on the nurket till it is fire
years old.
During the year ending June 30,thsre
were 801 foreigners naturalized in the dis
trict courts of San Francisco, by tho Issu
ance of certificates; 897 made declaration
of Intention to become citizens.
English experience is said to show" that
out ofevery thirty colts from thorqugWwed
stock but one proves fast.