THE LATEST.
AIUOIIR tl*<* ItlliUN.
Cult ago, Oof. 13.—The work of rebuilding
Chicago furnishes ninny items of a pleasing
character. The improvements arc remarkable
in their nature, the biasing embers still re-
Di eting a lurid light on North Side. The mer
chants are erecting temporary buildings, and
residences are looming up in every quarter, and
ou North Side several families are already com
fortably housed. The firms of Reeve and Cook,
I. S. Fitch fit Co., and W, 1). Kerfout are put
ting up temporary buildings for the accommo
dation of their business, until better quarters
present themselves.
Large shipments of material are daily arriving
from the East und West, half a million of brick i
having been ordered from Buffalo, and over
three hundred thousand from Milwaukee.
An evidence of the enterprise of the Chicago
peojde was witnessed on W est Madison street,
where three large frame buildings will be com
pleted by to-morrow evening. A large frame
building is also being erected in Washington
Park for the accommodation of those rest of
house and home. In this connection, it may be
of interest to state that the Hyde Park Hotel
has been thrown open to all without means or
quarters.
Men are busily engaged at every point. Tel
egraph poles are being erected, rubbish removed
tor the recovery of safes and valuables; and we
were informed that a force of workmen are em
ploy, <i in putting the water works in repair.
A real estate owner was rightly served on
Ue-t Randolph street. He had been applied to
by the Board of Trade for the temporary lease
oi one of his stores, but his rate was so exorbi-
th lit that they respectfully declined to accept
the place. Shortly after a detachment of mili
tary was quartered there by order of Gen. Sher
idan.
An entire duplicate copy of the records of the
Etited States Court in Bankruptcy have been
saved, and the Pullman Car Company has
saie l a large portion of its stock.
The Old Congregational Church, on the cornet
of Green and Washington streets, has been
fitted up into stores, and it is reported that sev
eral firm- will resume business there next week.
t itiKlilioii oi Hank Villi’ll*.
As fast as the various vaults and safes of
banking and mercantile institutions are deemed
to be in proper Condition, they are opened. Ot
course, the intemest anxiety is felt by theseim
me (lately interested in the contents of these
depositee of treasure until the fate id' the valu
ables within are ascertained. Of the tour na
tional batik vaults opened First National.
I'rnders' National, Commercial National, and
Cook County National—all were found to have
preserved their contents intact. It is now
thought that all will develop equally well. I
While some of the books of the Merchants’
Loan und Trust Company were destroyed, their
money and papers were in a good state of pre
servation. The Contents of Greenbaum fii. Fore-
man s vaults, as well as those ot the Hibernian
B ink, were in good Condition. In a vast num
ber ot in.-t inces safes and vaults are ull right,
unless opened too soon, in which case the con
tents have been ignited and destroyed.
Tin- lu»nri»n<*«* Outlook.
A gleam ot hope begins to dawn upon the
bmine-s men, ns the assurance comes to them
that most or all of the Eistern insurance Com
panies will pay their entire losses. Such a re- I
suit would have the effect not only to relieve a
vast amount of financial embarrassment for the
present, but would go a long way toward cna-
bling business men to start again. It is con-
ceded gem rally that the home companies are
hopelessly bankrupt.
(■rain anal Prolines*.
There is still but little doing in produce oir- I
c es, but commission merchants and grain deal
er.- are hard at work in preparing to open out
again on a full scale just as soon <is the pecuni
ary arrangements wnl permit, which will be in
a lew days, probably by the first of next week.
A goodly number ot them are busy in helping
to distribute food and clothing to the destitute.
The remainder are fitting up offices in the vicin- i
ity of the temporary Board of Trade rooms, I
mostly on Canal and West Washington streets; i
pending which their headquarters are at Nos.
al and 53 Canal street, where the Board will do j
business till the Chamber of Commerce eau be i
rebuilt.
Some grain is moving out. Four charters
were reported yesterday, which take out grain I
from the Northwestern and Armour, Hole fit
Ce.’s, at I le. for wheat, 10c. for corn and 7 l-20.
for oats, by sail, to Buffalo. Wheat to Buffalo
by steam wa- taken at 15e. It is expected that
grain will be moved out much more rapidly
towards Monday, as the banks will bo able to
make advances by that time.
The PAvementH.
A noticeable fact, and one of immense Import-
ance in the rebuilding of the eity, Is the almost
perfect condition in whieli tin- lire has hit the I
Nicolson pavement. The dam.ice is so trifling as
not to be worthy of mention. Mik's of pavement
on the North Side are almost uuscorclicd and per
fectly free of debris, and ?ven in the South Divi
sion, where both sides of the streets w ere lined
with lofty brh k and stone buildings, there is
scarcely a point where a carriage may not be driv
en through the streets. Indeed, except where
buildings were blow n Up or partially blown up In
the endeavor to stop the progress of the Dames, the
ruins have almost invariably fallen upon their
riles. At the points where the pavements were
burned at all, the lire only charred the outside,
and it is a question whether the process to which
they weie subjected will not add to their dura
bility.
Al the Relief lleadtfiinrterM.
Evidence accumulates hourly that the loss of
lite is greater than we have ventured to esti
mate in these dispatches, and the great number
of persons still searching for the missing mem
bers of families confirms the statement. There
are many ol these missing ones quartered at
the relief headquarters nt the Congregational
Church on Washington street, where affecting
incidents nre constantly occurring. A Swedish
mother found there, all safe and newly clothed,
five little children. At first she fainted dead
away; then, recovering, she embraced her
rescued darlings with fervor such as only be
longs to a mother.
Nutr«*rin<, Murder*. F. c.
One of the most thrilling and painful little
incidents of the conflagration on the North
Side, was mentioned to us this morning.
A couple of families, the heads of which wore
teamster*, living near the lake shore, not far
Irom the Watei Works, stuck to their homes
till the last moment, in the hope of saving a
portion of their effects. They were cut off by
the flames, however, and compelled to flee a*
they c uild; bi.t the only direction in which they
cm'ld go was into the l ike. The men succeed
ed in getting thvir teams hitched up, and hasti
ly putting themselves and families on the truck
wagons, they drove into the lake as far ai possi
ble without drowning. This was at 7 o’clock on
Mommy morning. There they were obliged to
remain through that live long day, scorched
by the heat almost beyond the power of endur
ance, and obliged to dive into the water
at frequent intervals, to keep from
being consumed. At 6 o'clock in the
evening, a small tug approached the group of
suflerers und took away the women and chil
dren, but could not take the men. The hus
bands and father.* were left there for twelve
hours longer, und finally, on Tuesday morning,
were rescued by another boat. All of the party
found each otherat last at the houses of friends
on the West Bide, hut the suffering and expo
sure of the weaker ones may yet terminate ta
tally.
Soon after the murder of the man Reddy by
the saloon-keeper I’eriere, on Van Buren and
Halsted streets, Monday night, a crowd of Irish
men gathered about the premises aud rushed
into the building in search of the murderer, but
lie had fled. A more infuriated mob was never
gathered up in this eity, and could they have
got hold of the Italian wretch, they would have
Lunged him to the nearest lamp post, in spite of
all efforts on the part of the two or three police
men present.
i’lMualtiew.
A man named Patrick Foley,who lived at 250
Burnside street, while passing along Purple
near Grove, was shot down and killed last night,
having refused to halt when commanded to do
so by two citizens. Uh* morning a man named
Joseph Reardon, re-i4ing on Fourteenth street,
appeared nt the Twenty-second Street Police
Court, and stated that the deceased, just prior
to being shot, tired a shot gun at him which he
had seized from another man.
Henry J. I'llman, of the firm of Wrenn, Ull
man Co., perished iu the fiimes. His body
was tumid last night on the Corner of Madison
ui.d Clark streets.
A man, from 30 to 35 years of age, fell from
the railway at the northwest Corner of Madison
and Canal, at I o’clock yesterday afternoon, and
was seriously, if not mortally. injured.
Our reporters visited No. 64 Michigan avenue,
where all deed bodies not identified have t een
taken, last evening, and were kindly helped to
all possible intonuatmn by Ctroner Stephens.
They found forty Corpses in all. arid the scene
presented by them is horrible in the fullest
meaning. With one or two exceptions, the
deaths occurred fr m burning—nothing but a
skull and a blackened mass remaining ot some of
them, while a few were suffocated. The large
proportion, however, are disfigured, and their
limbs are nearly burned from their bodies. The
teene of forty corpses, all but two without a
vestige of clothing, with the exception of an
occasional boot, was sickening beyond descrip
tion, and one never to be forgotten.
There were strong men who lost their lives in
vain attempts to save loved ones; delicate
wumen, who were uuable. in tbec.’Ufusion, to es
cape the flames, or would uvt leave their off-
spring; and frail children, who-went down iu
buildings in their helplessness and perished.
There is the body there of a woman that was
found in the lath-house at the toot of Erie
street, and had every appearance of dying a
natural death. On her was a robe such as Cath
olies usually envelop their dead in. She was
over sixty years of age, and much emaciated.
There was the corps* here who was found on
the prairie, and had no apparent cause for death
on his exterior. He had on the clothes of a
mechanic. His name was given as 1). Mc-
Ilroy.
Many of the bodies came from Erie street,
where a great many perished. One, that of a
woman, came from the corner of Dearborn and
Ohio streets. The others, with the exception
of those we noticed yesterday, were totally un
recognizable.
Coroner Stephens says a large number of un
claimed bodies were taken to the dead-house on
Milwaukee avenue, yesterday, after out report
er visited them, end on this morning.
Pat Griffin, wounded in back; Mercy Hos
pital.
Edward Haney, burned badly; Mercv Hos
pital
Ernst Thompson, broken leg; County Hos
pital.
NiMwiiiff Person*.
Information of persons missing can be had at
the First Congregational Church, Corner of Ann
mid Washington streets ami any persons dis
covering children or others should send informa
tion to the same church, which for the present
is the seat, of city government.
1 he following is a list of missing people
Mrs. Kitty Roberts and Miss Ella McDonald
are missing. They should go to 709 West Mad
ison.
Emma, Minnie and Frederick Mueller are at
Charles Alfeld’s, 176 North H listed street
Four children and sister of Oscar Mitchell are
at J. W. Sykes’s. 275 West Jackson street.
Mrs. Strauss's husband and four children can
hear of her at the First Congregational Church.
Ihule and Emma Larson are missing. The
mother is at 02 Fourth street.
Mrs. E. A. Sittig and two children are miss-
II urban 1 is at 168 Front street.
alter 11. Lum. Sister at corner Thirty-first
and Cottage Grove.
Mrs. Sprugert and child are at 177 West
vl ashington.
Three children named West are at Rev. Mr.
Blackburn's, Austin.
Willie Beattie, lost. Report at 177 Halsted
street.
Mrs. Wm. Aiken and two children missing.
iiiiM»ai)d at J j e»t U a'lnnon.
Mrs. Eugenie Hunstein and child are at First
Congregational Church, corner Washington and
Ann.
Mrs. Fritz Brant and seven children are at the
First Congregations' Church.
Samuel McCoy, 9 years, missing; mother at
99 Blue Island avenue.
Mrs. Aug. Ivortolack is at Second Baptist,
Corner Munroe and Morgan.
Mr. Me Logan, 88 Ladin, lias a boy 2or 3
years old—speaks French.
Mrs. Hastings, 74 Milwaukee avenue, has
two Polish children named Mary Leencordia
and S. Koraziiiski.
Mrs. Falcon can see her daughter at the cor
ner of Hubbard and Milwaukee avenue.
Mary Louisa Jennie is to be found at Mrs.
Flagg s, No. 22 Silver street.
Dora Wagner, 4 years old, missing. The
mother isutMr. Iheil's, 661 West Erie street.
Rosalie Sarner is at 200 Halsted street.
Theresa Gebhart is at Bethel Church.
Ellen and Kate Hendvrmann, missing. The
mother is at Sangamon street, near Chicago
avenue.
Benj. Geroux’s. St. Louis, wife and five child
ren can find him at First Congregational Ct urch.
1 hree children, named Sheahen, missing. In
formation to be sent to Mrs. Flynn, 177 Monroe.
A child, named North, missing. Information
to be sent to D. McKinnon, 1467 Indiana av
enue.
Louis Marden, missing. Information to be
sent to the Brown, 54 Meridian street.
J. IL Hornick s wile and child can find him
at 813 West Lake.
Wm. Sanger’s wife and children are at Wells
School, Corner Reuben and Cornelia.
Almay Rounds, of 213 1 2 South Franklin
street, is at Robert Laird Collier's Church.
Katie Keller, lost. Information to be sent to
mother, at Turner Hall, West Twelfth Street.
Mary Ruckenbry has five children missing.
Information to be sent to Turner Hall West
Twelfth street.
Annie Miderh iftvr. missing. Information to
be sent to Katrina Keller, Turner Hail, West
Twelfth street.
Mary Hartman. 60 years old, missing; SIOO
reward for information, to be sent to G. A.
Hartman, 155 Fourth avenue.
Two boys named Leonard are at 50s Fulton
street.
loiuuiy Jackson. 10 years old, missing; infor
mation to be gent to the Centenary Church.
Ihe family of Mitchell Curtis is missing; in
formation to be sent to the Centenary Church.
A. Lorra has wife and two children missing.
Information to be sent to 226 South Park avenue.
Maria ami Julia Breslin are at 46 Ann street.
Matilda Brown lai-sing. Information to be
sent to W. W. Bingham, 155 Walnut street.
I homas 'I Brien, 7 years old, missing. Infor
mation to be -ent to Mrs. Keen, opposite Su i
nyside Hotel.
Henry Leary is at First Congregational
Church.
Mrs. J. O Neill and three children, Mrs. H.
Faith ami two children, missing. Information
to be sent to First Congregational Church.
Mrs. F.. Ryan and six children, missing. In
I formation to be sent to 150 North Halsted
I street.
Mrs. W. 11. Clay, missing. Information to
be sent to First Congregational Church.
Eddie Simplon and Manny Bullock, missing,
information to be sent to Frank Munroe, cor
i ucr Eldridge court and Wabash avenue.
A girl two or three years old, found on Indi
ana street, is at the hotel in Deaplaines.
John Daly’s wile and six children, missing,
i Information to bo sent to Eighteenth street,
J corner Canal.
Mary Ellen Bainbridge, missing. Informa
tion to be sent to 76 North Peoria street.
Gust. Johnson’s wife and child, missing. In
formation to be sent to First Congregational
Church.
Three children of Peter Lyman, missing. In
formation to be sent to the Centenary Church.
Wife and child of Herman Herringhouse, and
Henry Schneider, two und one-half years old,
missing. Information to bo sent to Centenary
Church.
Joseph Monuntla, of North avenue, corner of
Sedgwick, is at the Ada stn church.
Richard Walsh is at Mr. Nichols’, corner of
Sheldon and Lake streets.
Tho wife and two children of Chas. Herzog
missing. Information to be sent to First Con
gregational church.
George S. Clarke, missing. Report at 725
West Lake street, or at Tribune office.
j John Clark, of the Grin of Clark, Raffen
Co., and father of supervisor Robert Clark, who
resided at 436 West Jackson street, has been
missing since Monday noon. He was lust seen
I on Chicago avenue, between Morgan street and
thebrdge. Any information concerning him
left at the office of the Evening Journal, 13
South Cana, street, will be thankfully received.
His age is 71.
BANKS AND BANKERS.
Savins* Bunks.
The Journal of last evening has the following:
The banks have decided that the first install
ment which they pay shall be but fifteen per
cent. After that installments will be larger.
The following resolutions were passed at a
meeting of the officers of the city savings banks
yesterday, at which the following institutions
were represented State Savings Institution,
Merchants, Farmers and Mechanics’ Savings
Bank, Commercial Loan Company, Prairie
State Loan and Trust Company, Union Insur
ance and Trust Company, German Savings
Hank, Hibernian Banking Association, Chicago
Savings Institution and Trust Company, Nor
mal Bunking Company, In'ernatiotial Mutual
Trust Company. Marine Company, the Real Es
tate Loan and Trust Company, and the National
Loan and Trust Company
Rieolved, By the representatives of the sav
ings banks, savings institutions, and corpora
tions holding saving deposit.* in the city of
Chicago, that we will each secure temporary
office.* and make arrangements, as soon as pos
sible, to pay the sum of twenty dollars to every
depositor who has that amount on deposit, and
that we pay to those who have not so much to
their credit whatever smaller sum is due them.
Rieolttd, That in view of the labor involved
in keeping correct account of the transactions
at the counter, that until further notice we will
open our doors each day (Sundays alone ex
cepted) at 10 o'clock in the morning and close
at 3 o’clock in the afternoon.
That we extend to our depositors
our heartfelt sympathy in view of the calamity
which has betalien them in the loss of their
homes and employment, and assure them that
we will so manage their interests as to relieve
them as promptly as possible, and, as far as
may be, protect them from suffering.
4|FJ<in. John C. Haines, president of the State
Savings Institution, has gone to New York, to
attend penoi.ally|to converting securities owned
by the bank into money. The larger part of
the securities were removed from the building
the night of the fire, and the officers of the
bank have no fear but that everything in the
vaults is sale. They are fitting up an office,
and have ordered a safe from St. Louis, and
will commence paying depositors as soon as pos
sible. They have also bought brick, and an
architect is making plans for a new building on
the site of the old one, which will be fire-proof
if possible. The bank will arrange payments
as far as possible, to pay out money in such a
way as to relieve distress first, and then pay t 0
all in installments. 1
.VlerehiiutN* Rational Bank.
The Merchants’ National Bank declines to
enter into the fifteen per cent, arrangement
proposing to do business as usual from the
start.
The cash deposits and valuable papers which
were in the Merchants’ Savings, Loan and
Trust Company’s vaults, were taken out ull
right. The bank itself was destroyed with its
contents, however.
The Commercial National Bank, which stood
on the east side of Dearborn street, between
Randolph and Lake, will be immediately re
built, Workmen were this morning busily en
gaged in clearing away the debris. Mortimer
fit Tapper are the contractors, and a quick job
is assured.
Bankers' KeMOliition*.
At an adjourned meeting of the bankers,
held yesterday, the following resolution* were
adopted unanimously:
Whereas, Our city has been visited with a
conflagration in extent and destruction of prop
erty scarcely equalled in the history of the
world; and
Whereas, The banks, while they have suf
fered quite us sever.ly as the business commu
nity generally, feel that, if left to a peaceable
adjustment ot tiieir affairs, they can pay all
their liabilities in lull, while any attempt on
the part of the banks to force iiiim diate pay
ment from their debtors, or any effort by their
depositors to compel a forcible settlement from
the banks would augment and intensify the
wide-spread ruin und desolation which is upon
us,
Httulvrd, That the banks of this eity will
open for bushiest a- soon m possible, giving due
notice of time and place; that they will pay an
immediate instalment of not more than fifteen
(15) percent, in the ease of any'individual
hank, and will continue to pay additional in
stalments as last as their assets can judiciously
be made available, until their entire liabil ties
are liquidated, it being, in their opinion, an
auvantage to the entire community to reserve
a portion of their cash assets to furnish rea
sonable accommodations to surviving commer
cial interests, which must inevitably perish
without such aid.
Rewived, That until the respective banks
and bankers can examine their assets and condi
tion, and be in a situation to submit a state
ment to the public and resume active business
it is recommended that the presidents, with
other officers of the respective institutions, re
ceive und pay out deposits and do business as
trustees for their customers, such officers sign
ing a declaration that they are such tcinpori r>
trustees oi the new banking business transacted
.it their respective banks.
Renolved, That the Savings Bink of the eity
and corporations having savings deposits should
arrange the manner of paying depositors us
to furnish the greatest posable r.lief to the
most destitute of their depositors.
Resolred, 1 hat in the opinion of this meeting
it is very desirable that the banks should all
locate themselves as near each other as possible.
Resolved, That the chairman ot tbit meeting
be authorised to call a meeting of the bankers
at his discretion, to form a permanent organiza
tion tor the purpose of devising sueh means as
may be necessary to meet the ixiget.cies upon us.
R'solved, That as citizens it Chicago, the
bankers and bank officers here represented deem
it their duty to express to the world their belief
that the wonderful growth of Chicago in wealth
and power has been the result, under Divine
Providence, of its remarkable geographical sit
uation; that this element of greatness remains
unchanged, and that with the courage and
energy hitherto displayed, we are justified in
believing that our prosperity will again be re
stored.
Resolved, That while we propose to stand by
our beloved city in this, her great hour ot trial,
with wills undaunted, the overwhelming gener
osity of the world has tilled our eyes with tears
und our hearts are too lull to express the grati
tude that wells from the bosom of every inhabi
tant of this city. We can only say, God bless
the noble hearted people of the world, and spare
them from such a calamity as has betalien us.
W. F. CooLliAl'GH, Chairm in,
Ira Holmes, Secretary,
<;ENERAL LOSSES.
Pxrlinl l.i*t of Prinripnl KtiMiieN*
I'iriii* Him Msitl'ercsl.
I Now that the smoke of the burut district has
cleared away, and the general contusion, at fir.-t
so confounding, has very consid-rably subsided,
we are able to take a bird's eye view oi lhe gen
eral loss, which we give below
An approximate estimate of the total losses is
about $206,0011,660. The area burned over is
over 2,000 acres. The number of building*
burned is not below 20,000. The number ot
live* lost is believed to be at least 2(1(1. 1 here
ire about 100,00(1 persons iu need of relief.
Public Hull* iiikl Block*, Etc.
Aiken's Museum, Andrews’ Building, An
drews Otis’ Building, Arcade Building, Ar
cade Court, Berlin Block, Blake’s Building,
Blaney Hall, Boone Block, Bowen’s Building’
Burch's Block, Calhoun Block, Foltz’s Hall,
Chamber of Commerce Building, Chicago Mu
tual Life Insurance Building. Chicago "Times”
Building, City Armory, City Gas Works, Court
Hou-e, City Water Works, Cobb’s Block (No. 1).
Cobl.’s Building, Cobb's Block (No. 2), Commer
cial Building, Commercial Insurance Company’s
Building Crosby’s Building and Crosby’s Opera
House, Custom House and Post-office, Demo
cratic Hall, Dickey’s Building, Dole’s Build
ing, Drake’s Block. Ewing Block, Ex
change Bank Building Farwell Hall,
Feuian Hall, Firemen's Hall, Flanders’
Block, .Etna Building, Fullerton Block,
Gallup's building, Garrett block, German House,
Turner Hall (Clark street), Germania Hill,
■*Hartford Fire Insurance building, Health Litt
building, Holt’s building, Honore block. Illinois
Central Railroad Land Department building,
I Jackson Hall. Keep’s building, Kent’s building,
King’s block, Kinzie Hall, Lirm.m block, Lisht
Guard Hall, Lincoln block, Link’s block. Lloyd’s
block, Lnmbnrd block. Loomis building. Lain
berman’s Exchange, McCarty’s building, McCor
mick’s building, McKee’s" building, Magie’s
building, Maj .r block, Marine Bink building,
Masonic Temple, Mechanics’building, Merean
tile building, Methodist Church block, Metro
politan Hall block, Monroe building, Morrison
buildings, New Turner’s Hall, Newberry block.
North .Market Hail, Norton block, Odd Fellows'
Hall, Old Board of Trade buildings (South
Water street), Oriental buildings, Otis blo"k
(LaSalle street), Otis building (State street),
Pardee’s buildings, Phoenix building. Pomeroy’s
building, Pope’s block, Portland block, Post
office building, Purple's block, Raymond block,
Reynolds' block, Rice’s building, Scammon’s
Building, Shepard’s Building, Sherman H-oise,
Block. Smith. Nixon bl Ditson’s Hall, Smith
Dixon’s Block. Sons's Hall, Speed’s Block,
Staatszeituug Building, Steele’s Bk-ck, Stone’s
Building, Taylor's Block, Teutonia Hall, Trade
Assembly Hall, Tribune Building, Turners'
Building, Tyler Block, Uhlich’s Block, North
Division City Railway stables, Bier’s Block.
Herting’s Building, Union Building. Volk's
i Budding, Walker's Block, W arner’s Hall and
Block, Washington Block, Wheeler’s Building,
Wicker’s Building, Witkowsky H ill Building,
Workingmen's Hall, Wright Bros.’ Building
Bryan’s Block.
In addition to the above were a large num
ber of elegant buildings recently completed or
in process of erection, representing a valuation
approximating millions of dollars.
Churches.
North Baptist, Olivet Baptist (colored), Swed
ish Baptist, North Star Baptist, M irmers’
Bethel, New England Congregational, Lincoln
Park Congregational, Church of Ou- Savior
(Episcopal), Church ot the Ascension (Epis
copal), Cooper’s Independent, St. Ausgarius
(Swedish Episcopal), St. James (Episcopal)
Trinity (Episcopal), Trinity Mission, Evangel-’
ieal Association of North America, Evangelical
Second Church, Free Evangelical, English
Lutheran (Outario street), First German Evan
gelical Lutheran, St. Paul’s Evangelical Lu
theran, Trinity, First German United Evangel
ical Lutheran, St. Paul’.*, Illinois Street Inde
pendent Mission, Jewish Church of the North
Side, Kehileth Beuai, Shalon (Jewish)
First Methodist, Wabash Avenue Methodist
(scorched), Grace Methodist, Grant Place Meth
odist, Dixon Street Methodist. Van Buren
Street German Methodist, Clybourn Aveuue
'iertnan Methodist, Fir-t Scandinavian
Methouut, Grace Scandinavian Methodist
Huron Street Bethel, Bethel African
Methodist, Quinn’s African Methodist
Chapel, First Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran,
Evangelical Lutheran, First Presby
terian, Second Presbyterian, Westminster Pres
byterian, Fullerton Avenue Presbyterian, North
Presbyterian, Orchard Street Presbyterian
Bremer Street Independent Mission, Newsboys’s
Independent Mission a ,d Home, Erie Street
Presbyterian Mission, Burr Presbyterian Mis
sion, Tamm.my Hall Mission,Catholic Cathedral
of the Holy Name, St. Mary’s Catholic Church
and University, the Catholic Ecclesi
astical Palace, St. Louis’ Catholic, St.
Joseph’s Church, St. Michael's Catholic
Church of the Immaculate Conception'
St Rose of Lima Catholic, Convent and Acade
emy of St. Francis Xavier, Convent ot the
Sisters of Charity (North Side), Convent of
Notre Dame, House of the Good Sheperd, Con
vent of the Beuedectine Fathers, Convent of
the Benedictine Nuns, Convent of the Redemp-
tionist Fathers, Swedenborgian Temple of the
New Jerusalem, North Swedenborgian Mission,
Unitarian Church of the Messiah (R. L. Col’
lier), Unity Church (Robert Collyer’s), St. Pau I
Uuiversalist.
Hanks
Chicago Clearing House; First, Second
Third, Fourth, Fifth Cook County, C >iuim rival
City Manufacturers’, Merchants’, Mechanics’
Loan and Trust, Northwestern, Traders’, an 1
I Union National Banks; International Mutual
Trust Company; Merchant.’ Savings, Loan an t
Trust Company; Commercial Loan Company;
Farmers, Merchants and Mechanics' .te
Savings Institution; Real Estate, 1 m and
Trust Company; Union insurane/ i Trust
I Company; Hibernian Banking Association; Chi
cago Building and Loan Associations; Swedish
I Commercial, National Bank of Commerce, Mu
riue Bank.
Private Baultera.
J. M. Adult, A.C. fit O. F. Badger, Baldwin
Walker fit Co., H. Clausenius Co., Ulltnin’
I Wrenn fit Co., Cu-liman fit Hardin. Folanabee
Son, Henry Greenebaum Co., Greene-
ii.mm fit Foreman, Lunt, Preston fit Kean
i Mayer, Leopold fit Steiner, Meadowcrolt Bros/
Niehott fit Co., Louis S.ipiclia, J. R. Shipherd
i fit Co., Lazarus Silvermui, A. 0. Slaughter
j Geo. C. Smith fit Bro., Syndacker fit Co., Jas.’
i B. Storey fit Co., Wilkins fit St<me, Ferd .8.
Win. low, Collins fit Ullman.
Hotel*.
Adams House, American, Brevoort House
Briggs House, Central IL. Use, City Hotel, Clar
j endon House. Clifton House,Continental Eagle
European (Dearborn street), European’ (State i
street), Everett. French (Wells street), French
KiiiZie •‘treet), Fort Doirburu IIoum?, Garden
City, Girard, Hatch, Hess, Garni, Howard
House, Haber House, Illinois House, Jervis
House, Palmer, Bigelow, Ogde.i IL.use, Laclede
Mannion lioune, MtuuiHiisuit Huune, Matteson
House, Metropolitan Hotel, Michigan Central
j Railroad Hotel, Bethel It .me, Nevada New
York, Orient. Potomac, Raymond House Re
vere, Rock Island, Sehail, Sherman, Bt. James I
Iremont, Washington, Western Eagle and I
W right s.
In addition to the above should be mentioned i
at least u dozen other structures in course of
erection and completion, representing a valua
tion ot several hundred thousand dollars.
■tailwny iSepola,
Great I nion Central Depot (including the 11-
Imois Central. Michigan Central, and Chicago
Burlington and Quincy). Southern Michigan
•itid Ruck Island. Northwestern (Wells street).
Trlegr»i>h X'wiiipaiiieM.
Western I nion, Metropolitan, Great Western,
Atianlir uud Pacific.
li x r
Adams’, American, Merchants’ Union, United
States, Brink’s.
Xi'wxpiijtnr*., Ete.
Evening Journal, Tribune, Times, Republi
can, Post, Mail, Ledger, Democrat, Agerdyrk
niiig and Oeconomie, American Churchm >n,
Amer.can Messenger, Atuerikanischer 8.. t-cha-
I ler, Baptist Quarterh, Baptist Teacher, Catho
lie Weekly, Ctucag City Directory, Commercial
Bulletin, I ..minercial Express and Produce Re
porter. Daily Law Record, Daily Programme,
Daily Record, Dispatch, Druggists’ Pnee-Cur
r.mt, Dry Goods Price List, Evening Mail,
Journal of Commerce, Legal News, Office Di
rectory, Railway Review, Real Estate Journal,
I nion (German), Staatsz -itung, Chilli's Paper,
1 hil'l’s World, D igslyet, Daily Commercial, Re
port and Market Review, Der Deutsche Arbei
ler, Der Haustreund, Evening. Lamp, Hemlan
det, Hemlandet Katta, Home Circle, Volkszei
tun?, Katboliselies Woehenblatt, Little Cor
poral, Live Stock Reporter, Macedonian und
Record, Methodist Publishing House, National
Bapti-t, New Covenant, News from the Spirit
World. Northwestern Review, Publishers’
Auxiliary, Railroad Gazette, School Festival,
Sunday School World, Sven-ka Amerikin-
i aven, Advance, Art Review, The Arts. Bright
Side, Courier, lhe Chronicle, Congregational
Review, Fr.-mad, Herald of the Coming Kiug-
dom-Land Owner, Inside Track, Liberal. Inte
i ri .r, Juxbruder, Lite Boat, Lyceum Banner,
National Prohibitionist, Ob.crver, Pharmacist'
Prairie Farmer, Religio-Philosopbicxl Journal,’
Scandinavian Spectator. Standard Report
er, Western Odd Fellow, Western Rural,
Soldiers’ Friend. We-tliche Unterhalt-
!Ut g» 81. leter. Workingman’s Advo ate,
ouug Reaper, and the lolluwmg
.VlitKitzines.
Lakeside Monthly, Manford’s Home Journal,
Medical Examiner, Bureau, Chicago (Mrs.’
Rayne’s), Missionary, Mystic Star Monthly,
Sunday Schji ir, Sunday School Helper, Sunday
School Teacher, Voice ot Masonry.
I.ibrari<*«.
Historical Society, L<w Institute, Metropoli
tan Hal! Library Association, oung Men's
t hri-tian Association, Union Catholic, together
w.th many others of great value.
<’ily Sc-hoola.
Dearborn, Jones, Kinz’e, Franklin, Ogden,
Newberry (scorched), Pearson Street Prim .ry’
Elm Street Primary, North Branch Primary',
LaSalle Street Primary, Third Avenue Primary.
luilependent S< li<i,»ln.
Holy Name. St. Mary’s. St. Joseph’s, Immac
ulate Conception, First Lutheran, First United
German Lutheran, St. Paul’s Second and Third,
Italian School, German aud English,
Aciuli-iiiicM and Neiniiiarle*.
Academy of Sciences, Christian Brothers,
Holy Name, St. Fr.insi* Xavier, Bryant fii Chase
oinmercial. Dearborn Ladies’ Seminary, Dyh
renfurth’s Commercial, Goldbeck's Conservatory
of Music: Law Department of the University of
Ciiieago, Rush Medical College, College of
I’li irmicy, Hoinreopathic Academy of Medicine,
Lhinty Dispensary, Hahnemann Medical Dis
pensary, Bennett Medical and Surgical College.
Hospital*.
U omen and Children’s, Protestant Deaconess’
Small-pox, Alexian Brothers’, United States Ma
rine Hospital, Jewish.
As j Ilium.
New.-boy s and Bootblack’s Home, Nursery
nmi Halt-orphan, St. Vincent House of Provi
.ienee.St. Paul’s Presbyterian Orphan Asylum,
St. Mary s and St. Joseph’s Orphan Asylum
Chantiibk* Eye And Ear Infirmary.
Wentworth, Woolworth fit Co., Briggs Rouse
Loss on turniiure. fixtures and horses in Briggs
House, one hundred thousand dollars. Insur
ance. F ranklin, Philadelphia, >5,000; Republic
Chicago, $5,000; American Central. St. Louis’
$5,000; Commercial Mutual, Cleveland, $2 50ll
Ailan’ie, New York, $2,500; Reaper City, Rock
lord, $2,500; Occidental San Francisco, $5 000-
I Excelsior, New York. >5,01)0; Home, Co'utnhus
0., $5,000; Fulton. New York, $5,000; State’
Chicago, $2,500; New England, Boston, $5 000-
Irving, New York, >2.500; Merchant's, Hart
i ford $3 1100; North British and Mercantile
London, $4,000. Total, >59,500.
The loss of the Chicago Iron Works No 146
to lu2 (inclusive) North Water street. Dewey,
Jones Zander.-, proprietors, is estimated ar
trom $50,000 to $55,000; insurance $lO 000
J. S. Hendrickson, 201, 205 and 211 South
J. r treet E' lß >40,000; insurance, $7,000.
illiinn G. Holmes, on Lake street, books
and stationery. Losses, $30,000 to >35,000.
Minor I.owkch.
11. R. Carberey, masonic goods and regalias,
6o state street; loss, >IO,OOO. Insurunee-Alle
mania of I leveland, $1,500; German of Cleve
land, $1,500; Commercial of Chicago, $3 000;
Home Mutual of Chicago, $2,000.
A. B. Case, music printer.' 163 Clark street.
Loss, $8 000; insurance. $3,000
J. W. Crams, Clifton House barber-shop and
bathing-rooms, corner Madison and Wabash
avenue—loss, $1,200; insurance, $500; Equita
ble, Chicago; loss total.
C ok Monroe—Losi on stock and ma
chiii ry, $2,500; no insurance.
j M. Donahue—lnsured in the Great Western
j of Chicago for SI,OOO on household furniture;
his total loss is about $3,000.
E. D. Swain, dentist, No. 129 State Street-
Office furniture and instruments, SBOO.
Gillet, McCulloch fit Co. were at 61 Michigan
avenue, proprietors of Gillet’s Chemical Works,
Flavoring Extracts, Biking Powder, file.—the
largest iu the West. Loss, SBO,OOO.
Grnin Coimnined.
The following is the Grain Rvgfatinr’s official re
port of ihw anioui.t of grain burned in buedicta:
CENTRAL ELEVATOR “A.”
Wheat 174,028
Coin 176,500
Oats 03,f.08
live 36,080
Barley 60,054
Total 540.800
MCNCZR X AKMOVK'S ELEVATOR.
Corn 134.054
Hve 71.919
Bailey 189,700
Total 395,673
HIRAM Ull FILE Il’S ELEVATOR.
Wheat 133,309
Oats 94,238
Total 227,547
GALENA ELEVATOR.
Wheat 311,605
NATIONAL ELEVATOR.
Wheat 10,000
Corn 83,000
Oats 47,242
I Rye 7,984
Bariey 821
Total 150,020
INSURANCE NEWS.
I.ixt ol Approximate l.onxe* of Wari
on* 4’»iiipauie*i
li. I >w is a list of the reported losses of the
v irious iuriiranea companies. Yesterday a
nuiubiri* I. t-rn insurance agents arrived in
the inly, ami in the afternoon a meeting of ud
ju-ters and agents and others interested was
held at No. 67 Canal street. The meeting was
called to order by appointing R. J. Smith, of
the Putnam, of Hartford, chairman, and Alfred
W’rightway, secretary.
Ou motion of Mr. Moore, it was ordered that
a committee be appointed to prepare a clan of
notion to be submitted to a future meetiug.
The chair appointed Messrs. Moore, Case.
Ducat, Lewis and Clarke the committee. It
was ordered, also, that a room be obtained for
headquarter* for future meetings. The meet
ing then adjourned.
During the meeting the approximate losses of
the various companies were reported as follow*-
Hartfort, of ilartfaru |1,800,G00
lua. C. of North America, ot Philadelphia 7uo,vuo
American Central, of St. Louis 275 OuO
Franklin ot Philadelphia.. 600*000
Under*liters’ Agency ol New York.... 70 I’ooo
Phrnulx, of Hartford rjojouo
Howard, ot New York 200 000
Tradfsiueu'a,of New Ymk.. ift’ooo
Interiiiilioiial, of New York 500 000
Phrnnlx, of Brooklyn Too’ooo
N.or.ig.uisi tt, of Providence 3 ’ooo
Nor'li British and Mercantile 2,700’00u
P.ieific, of San Francisco 1 600*000
Imperial, of London *4<B>’to)
Royal, of Liverpool 183*C00
W ashington, ot New York 400*(KO
Comm. ree, of Albany 400?X)o
Lontmeiital, New York l.ftuO.OOu
Lonllaid.ol New Yoik 1,300,000
Home, ot Columbus 400 uvu
Mercantile, of New York. 100 000
Commercial Mutual, of t.’lwveland 300.000
Union, of San Franc seo Suo’ooo
Ftremeii’s Fund, of San Francisco 4uo’ooc
A-tor, ol New York 300*,000
Citizens’, ol New Xork 50 000
Spilngtield, of Massaclm sells "oo’ooo
Liverpool, London and G.0be.... S,OC<LoQQ
Security, of New York 1,5u0,Q00
Merchants’, of liartlord 700,000
Connecticut, of Hartford COv’ooo
Irving, of New York
zEma.of New York, 400,i>00
Sun, of Cleveland 2'81,000
Roger Williams, of Providence 3ii(),oou
Empire City, of New York 250,000
New Amsterdam, of New York 3>0,000
Fulton, of New York 760,000
North American, of New York 800,000
Independent, ot Boston 1,000,6i>0
Excels or, of New York 500,000
Northwestern, of Milwaukee 175.u00
Brewers’, of Milwaukee 100,000
Atluolic, of Brooklyn
Manhattan, of New York 1,600,000
Home, of New York 4,000,000
.■Emu, of Hartford 5,600,000
Putnam, ot Hartf-.id 90</000
Charter Oak. of H u tford s<>U,ooo
Andes,of Cincinnati 1,500 060
Lain.ir.of New York LOOo’oOO
Beekman, of New York 300.000
People’s, of Sau Francisco 400,000
Hide and Leather, of Bostou 700 IMW
Yonkers, New York 750,*000
North American,of Hartford 500 000
Enterprise, of Philadelphia Coo’ooo
Norwich, of Connecticut 506*000
Teutonia, of Cleveland 250 000
Cleveland, of Cleveland 700 000
City Fire, of Hanford 9 io’uoo
Alp., of Erie P.
b'w? ot Pu:inß ylvania 1,000,000
811 Ilah) City 450 ()i 0
Allemania, of Cleveland 25u;oOO
iliberiiia, of Cleveland 2Ju uOO
German of Clevclaud 3 .)o’ooo
National, of Boston 500 000
b reinin’* und. of California 400*000
mw'7 rn J 1 f 560*000
LullaJo iire and Marine 400,000

•ANOTHER FIRE.
City of Manistee, Mich., Destroyed,
Burning of Maniatre.
M anistee, Oct. 1 1.-The fire which broke out
in the pineries northeast of here last weak was
almost subdued, when a heavy gale sprung up
from the gcuthwar], driving the fkutes and cin
ders toward Gifford Ruddock’s mills. This
the fire company checked; but on Sunday even
ing a fire broke out near Canfield’s mill, which
is situated at the mouth of the river, and so in
tense was the heat that men could not get within
a thousand yards of it. Iu less than half
an hour the mill, together with about
twenty dwelling houses and boarding-houses,
were totally consumed. A hill intervening be
tween this and the town, the fire could run no
further, and people werealready congratulating
themselves upon the narrow escape of Manis
tee, when a bright light was noticed northeast
from the scene, and, repairing to the spot, we
found a number of dwellings wrapped in flames,
and a regular equinoctial gale blowing—thus
making it beyond human coutrol To stay the
coufl.igration. The damage at present is ines
timable, but the largest part of the town
which is ou the South Side, is destroyed, while
so tar twenty-seven buildings are totally irone
on the North Side.
The loss, as near as I can learn, amounts to
one million three hundred thousand dollars,
with only about one-fifth insurance.
lhe swing bridge is entirely destroyed; the
schooner Seneca Chief is burned to the water's
edge. Every building on the North Side (ex
cepting the Fourth Ward Schoo-hlouso, the
r.-.-ide.iee of George Thorp and the Catholic
Church) is completely consumed.
Several serious accidents occurred and some
lives have been lost, but there is sueh tumult
aud excitement that no one can give a fair
answer to a question.
W here six mills stood yesterday, not a ves
tige remains except bunglcd-up machinery—
the woodwork and logs having burned out en
tirely. Blackbird Island is no more. The dis
tress is great, and if food does not come forth
wi' h mere will be starvation.
Nothing can be heard from the north or
northeastern villages, as the heat prevents com
munication. The roads are so dry that saw
dust burns like powder. The Manistee is
leaving, and I cannot give further particulars.
NEW YORK.
FinauciMl, Peraonal and (seueral
New*
New York, Oct. 13.—The Stuyvesant Bank
suspended yesterday. The depositors will prob
ably be paid, though the capital of the bank is
seriously impaired. The failure is said to be
attributed to the Chicago fire.
Several Chicagoans who reached here last
night recited their experience during the fire to
parties at the hotels, and were objects of attrac
tion.
The committee for the inspection of sewers
ye.-terday stated that they had not been paid
since July; that their pay-rolls were purposely
kept back by the ring.
The employes of the Register’s office are
threatened with heavy political assessments.
Mayor Hall states that he has only 273 inspec
tors of election selected out of the whole num
ber of 1,170, as vacancies from last year do not
exist.
William M. Evarts has returned from Europe.
The party of sinecures discharged from the
Comptroller’s office yesterday amounted to
$20,000 annually.
The plasterer Garvey is supposed to be in
Canada.
It is generally credited that a vigilance com
mittee has been formed to stop repeating at the
next election.
The Times states that Tweed recently lost
four millions by an unlucky speculation in the
West. Also that Sweeney advises Tweed to
resign.
THE ELECTIONS.
In lowa I’eniiaylvimia.
During the election in Philadelphia, on Tuesday,
a fearful riot occurred in the southern part of the
city. The fight was participated in t>y white und
colored men, and was not ended until half a dozen
were killed and many wounded. Three brigades
ot the militia were ordered out to quell the dis
turbance.
Pittsburg, Oct. 16 The Republicans carry the
county by between 4,1,00 and 5,060 majority. There
was but little interest taken in the election, and
the vote was unusually light. Returns from the
adj lining counties show a light vote, but a uniform
Irani over Geaiy’s vole when the statu went Repub
lican by 4,0u6 majority.
(From lowa Papers.]
Returns indicate that the Republicans have car
ried the state, electing Stanton Auditor General,
and Heath Surveyor General. Bucks County gives
300 to 400 Democratic majority. In Franklin there
is a Republican gain of 370. In Cheater, 300 Re
publican majority; Ljcomiug, 350 Democratic;
Lancaster, 400 Republican; Northampton, 2,650
Democratic—a Republican gain of 826; Dauphin,
1,460 Republican; Alleghany, 4,500 Republican.
We had expected to be able, having made full
arrangements for special dispatches, to print re
turns from the lowa election this morning. But
early last evening, the wire of the Western Union
on the Rock Island Road, and that on the North
western, gave out, thus virtually cutting us off
from communication with four-fifths of the state.
The news we have received was by the long jour
ney round by St. Dmis. But we have enough to
show that the result in lowa han been sweeping
To-morrow, no doubt, we snail be able to give
full and complete returns from lowa, and from Ohio
and Pennsylvania. We confidently place the ma- i
jority In lowa at rising 46,006. I
Wisconsin's Most Fear
ful Calamity.

The Worst Reports of Loss of
Life and Destruction of
Property Confirmed.
Sufferings of the People
being Relieved by
Contributions.
Belief that Over One
Thousand Persons
have Perished.
Proclamation by Gov
ernor Fairchild.
Appalling I.onm of Life.
Green Bay, Oct. 11—10 a. m.
Tu S. L. Fuller;— Charles Woodward, just in
from Peshtigo, says that 500 persons perished
in the flames. Newspaper r< ports cauuot exag
gerate the fearful lossot life on the east shore.
Green Bay is tilled with refugees.
11. 0. Crane.
Green Bay, Oct. 10-9 r. .m -The report of
the burning ot Williamson’s mills is fully con
firmed. Fifty-five lives are lost, and ten bodies
are badly burned, and only three uninjured, one
of whom is in the city.
At Pensaukee between twelve and fifteen
barns and dwellings on the Little River road
were burned. Among the losers are Pi <1
Whitney, Paul Lavalle, Louis Prickett and a
Mr. Dougherty. Thomas Buckley lost bis life
while trying to save his furniture. The shanty
hovels aud about one mile of track at Tram
road are also destroyed. The farmers iu that
section have suffered generally in the loss of
fences and hay, and mauy ot them have been
burned out wholly.
Green Bay, Oct. 11—4:15 p. m—On Sunday
night about 9 o’clock a fire broke out in the
south part of the Belgian settlement at Brus
sels, Door county, destroying 180 houses, und
leaving nothing of-the large and flourishing
settlement but five houses. Nine persons are
missing; they are supposed to have perished.
Ihis umruing two hundred people breakfasted
ou four loaves of bread.
Houseless, they camp on’their land, and s»em
struck dumb by the great 10-ses. Their houses,
barns, implements of farming, household furni
ture aud cattle are burned and destroyed. The
roads are filled with carcasses of horses, cattle,
sheep and hogs, dying from the smoke and heat.
The inhabitants, during the confl'igratiou
only saved their jives by throwing themselves
upon the ground and Covering their heads. The
most p.tiable state of things exists all through
the district visited by the fire, aud hunger aud
starvation staring the wretched inhabitants in
the lace.
Green Bay, Oct. 10—8:45 p. m. William
son’s mill, at Sturgeon Bay, is reported burned,
and fifty lives were lost.
The steamer Union has just arrived from
Peshtigo, with a number of burned and other
wise injured survivors of the fire of Sunday
night, aud the steamer St. Jo, it is reported,
will be in soon with nearly one hundred more.
The Dunlap House, at Mariuette, is full of the
worst cases of burut people, who arrived at that
place in wagons, on yesterday and to-day.
No fires of any importance are reported since
the rain of last night. Oconto and Pensaukee
are safe.
Green Bay, Oct. 12.—The news from Pesh
tigo and vicinity is of a most heartrending
character. Three hundred and twenty-five
dead bodies have been found aud buried up to
last night, aud more are supposed to have been
lost. On the east shore the news is also dread
ful. Nearly one hundred dead bodies have
been found and buried, and doubtless more are
burned in that tearful conflagration. Many
that have been dreadfully burned have been
brought here, and more are constantly arriving.
Assistance is coming to their reliet, and food
and clothing is being sent to the sufferers as
rapidly as possible.
Green Bai, Oct. 12.
The northern steamer is just in. Three hundred
an4twenty-five bodies had been found aud buried
at Peshtigo up to last night. The river will be
dragged to-day, and It Is thought onehundred more
bodies will be found. Between sixty and seventy
dead bodies were brought Into Ocoiito last night.
The loss of life on lhe east shore—in Door and Ke
waunee counties—is appalling ns the terrible news
come in. Those left are houseless and almost
naked. Robinson Bro.
Green Bat, Oct. 13.
The northern steamer is justi n. Dr. Nichol*, of
your city, and other passengers bring the horrible
news that four hundred and *“vinty dead bodies
have been found at Peshtigo aud vicinity, and It is
thought that the loss of life will reach seven hun
dred. This is exclusive of the east shore, where
the loss of life is fearful. Robinson i Bso.
The Horrors Isicrea*ing,
Marinette, Wis., viR. Green Bay, Oct. 13.
j There have been 150 wounded brought here
I from Peshtigo, and there are scores who are ly
ing in the bushes within twelve or fourteen
miles who are alive, but cannot be reached to
day. Whole families, having let themselves
down into wells, were burned to death even
there, and were covered up where they laid. No
reports have been overdrawn. The loss of life
is fearful.
An Appt'll! Hint Mioiili! be Heeded.
Green Bav, Oct. 13.
j Totke People of Wisconsin:
The acciunts of the appalling calamity
which has fallen upon the east and west shore*
of Green Bay have not been exaggerated. The
burned district comprises the counties of Ocon
to, Brown, Door and Kewaunee, and parts of
Manitowoc and Outagamie. The great loss of
life and property has resulted from the
whirlwind ot fire which swept
I over the country, making the
roads and avenues of escape impassable with
fallen timber and burned bridges. The pre
vious long drouth had prepared everything for
the flames. The loss of life has been very great.
The first estimates were entirely inadequate,and
even now it is feared that it is much greater
than present accounts place it. It is known
l that at least one thousand persons have been
i either burned, drowned or smothered.
Of these deaths, six hundred or more
were at Pes’itigo and adjacent _ place?,
and the others iu Door, Kewaunee
and Brown counties. Men are now penetrating
that almost-iuaceessible region for the purpose
I of affording relief, and I fear that their report*
will increase this estimate. From the most re
liable sources of information I learn that not
less than 3,000 men, women and children have
been rendered entirely destitute. Mothers are
left with fatherless children, fathers with moth
erless children, children are left homeless or
phans. Distress and intense suffering are
on every hand, where but a few days ago were
comfort and happiness. Scores of men women I
and little children now lie helpless. They are
burned and maimed, in temporary hospitals, j
cared for by more fortunate neighbors. These
suffering people must be “applied with food,
bedding, clothing, feed for their cattle, and the
means of providing shelter dur.ng the winter.
The response by the good people of Wisconsin
has already been prompt and generous. It is
meeting the immediate need,and is being faith-
fully and energetically distributed through
the relief organization at Green Bay, but pro
vision must be made for months in the future.
There are wanted flour, salt, and cured meats
NOT COOKED, blankets, bedding, stoves, baled
hay, building materials, lights, farming imple
ments and tools, boots, shoes and clothing for
men, women and children, log chains, axes with
handles, nails, glass and house trimmings, and, i
indeed, everything neede 1 by a farming com
munity that has lost everything.
To expediate the transfers at (ireen Bay all
boxes should have cards attached to them,
stating their contents, and all supplies should,
be sent to the Relief Committee at Green Bay.)
Money contributed should not be converted in’«
supplies, but should be forwarded to the com-
mittee. Depots have been established at Green
Bay, under the management of a committee of
puhlie-spirited and energetic men who have the
confidence of all, for the receiving and dispatch
ing of supplies. They have organized
a system of sub-depots contigu
ous to the burned regions, and
steamboats and wagons are being sent out with 1
I supplies. Let us upheld their hands in the
j good work, and see that their depots be kept
I tilled to overflowing. It is fortunate that we
I live in a wealthy aud prosperous state, blessed
with prosperity in business and overflowing har
vests, and that thus we nre, by a wise Provi
dence, endowed with the means to help our less
fortunate neighbors.
1 am urged by public-spirited citizens of the
state to call an immediate extra session of the
Legislature to provide for this calamity. I
have given serious attention to this suggestion,
and have concluded not to do so, for the reason
that the expense of such a session
would be likely to equal the
amount which the state would be
asked to contribute. Believing, therefore, that
the people and the Legislature will endorse my
i ac t l n J n emergency, I have, in conjunction
with the State Treasurer, decided to advance
•ui i a moderate sum of money as seems to be
appropriate in addition to that contributed.
n Lrcivs Fairchild,
Governor of the State of Wisconsin.
LATEST BY THE MAILS.
[From the Marinette and Peshtigo K* gle Extra
Marinette, Wis. Oct. H.-Yesterday morn
mg, in company with several gentlemen from
Marinette, His., and Menominee, Mieh. we
visited the site of what was once the beautiful
and thriving little village of Peshtigo. It con
tained about 1,560 people, and was one of the
busiest, liveliest, and one of the most enterpris
ing communities along the bay shore. Stand
ing amid the charred and blackened embers,
with the frightfully mutilated corpses of men'
women, children, horses, oxen, Cows, dogs,
swine and fowls—every bouse, thed, barn, out
house or structure of any kind swept from the
earth as with the very beet in of destruction—
our emotions cannot be described in language.
No pen dipped in liquid fire can paint the scene;
language "iu thoughts that breathe and words
that burn” gives but the faintest impression of
its horrors.
From the survivors we glean the following in
reference to the scene at the village and iu the
farming region Commonly known as the "Sugar
Bush:” Sunday evening, after church, for
about half an hour, a death like stillness hung
over the doomed town. The smoke from the
fires in the region around win so thick as to be
stifling, and hung like a funeral pall over every
thing, and ail was enveloped in Egyptian dark
ness Soon light putts of air were felt; the
horizon at the Southeast, south und southwest
begun to be faintly illuminated; a perceptible
trembling of the earth was felt, and a distant
roar broke the awful silence. People began to
tear that some awt ul calamity was impending,
but as yet no oi.e even dreamed of the danger
The illumination soon became intensified into
a fierce lurid glare; the roar deepened into a.
howl, as it ail the demoim from the internal
pit had been let loose, when the advance gusts
of wind from the main body of the tornado’
struck. Chimneys were blown down, bouses
were unroofed, the roof of the Wooden-ware
Factory was lifted, a large warehouse filled
with tuns, pails, kanakans, keelers and fish kits
was nearly demolished, and amid the Contusion,
terror aud terrible apprehension of the moment,
the fiery element iu tremendous inrolling bil
lows and masses of sheeted dime, enveloped the
devoted village. The frenzy of despair seized
on all hearts, strong men bowed like reeds be
fore the fiery bast, women and children,
like frightened spectres flitting through the
awful gloom, were swept away like uutumu
leaves. Crowd* rushed for the bridge, but the
bridge, like ail else, was receiving its baptism
of fire. Hundreds crowded into the river;
cattle plunged m with them, and being hud
dled together in the general contusion of the
moment, many who had taken to the water to
avoid the fl.lines were drowned. A gre.it many
wereonthe blazing bridge when it fell. The
debris from the burning town was hurled over
and on the heads ot those who were in the
water, killing many and maiming others s.i that
they gave up iu despair and sank to a watery
grave.
In Ls- than an hour from the time the tor
nado struck the town, the village of Peshtigo
was annihilated I
Full one hundred perished either in the flames
or in the water, and all the property was wiped
out of existence!
Iu the Sugar Bush the loss of life was even
greater in proportion to the number ot inhabi
tants than in the village. Whole families are
destroyed, and over a thickly settled region in
the heavy hard wood timber, consisting of two
or three townships, there is scarcely a family but
is now left destitute, and mourns tor the loss of
some of its loved ones.
Hon. I. Stephenson, of Marinette, went yes
terday a short listance on the road leading to
the upper bush, aud counted thirty-eixen dead
bodies
Another party informs us that he found over
fifty dead on one road, and over forty on an
other.
In the lower bush the trunks of the fallen
trees, lying in every conceivable direction, are
strewn so thickly over the ground that it must
be many days before the entire region can be
thoroughly penetrated, so as to bury the dead
and succor the living.
The Number ulio h live Periwheil
is not yet definitely ascertained, but enough is
known to place first reports tar in the back
ground. At Peshtigo village over one hundred
were either burned to death or drowned in (he
river in their efforts to escape the fiimes. The
"Sugar Bush is divided into what is known as
the Upper, Middle and Lower Bush. From
what we can learn, and by gleaning our infor
mation irom ail possible sources, we are quite
certain that over sixty were burned to aeath in
the Upper Bush, about seventy-five in the Mid
dle, and fully one hundred and twenty in the
Lower Bush, miserably, terribly perished.
Hundreds are maimed and helpless,
many of them rendered cripples for life.
Thus, in one sh< rt hour, whole town
ships were devastated by the fire fiend nearly
four hundred human beings were hurled into
eternity by one of the most awful visitations
ever known in the history of the world, and the
wretched survivors left with nothing to subsist
on but sueh nuppiies as are and may be contrib
uted by the charities of the people. To the
despairing cries for help, the people, having
their sympathies fully aroused, have and are re
sponding nobly.
The whole country is a scene of devastation
and ruin that no language can paint or tongue
describe.
There is only one farm of any note in the en
tire bush that has e-oiped. This is the tine
farm of Mr. Abram Place, in the upper bu.-b.
He, having an immense clearing, and protected
by the roads, was enab’ed to save his house,
barn, and nearly all ot his stock and supplies.
His house has been an asylum tor the suffering
ones of that region, and he has rendered them
all the assistance in his power.
Yesterday, Mulligan having in his charge a
gang ot railroad employes, was engaged in gath
ering together the remains nt Peshtigo and in
the immediate vicinity, and identified all that it
was possible to identify, aud arranged the
charred and blackened corpses for burial. He
was assisted by bis wife aud several men, aud
bin efforts have been noble and heroic. He de
serves much credit for the good and eflieieut
services he has rendered.
We are saved here at Marinette, as if by a
miracle, and we say on our own responisbility,
while not wishing nor desiring to draw any in
vidious distinctions, that but lor the heroic,
self-sacrificing and discreet management of Mr.
A. C. Brown, Marinette, and very likely Meno
minee, would now be both in ashes. Hou. I.
Stephenson, Fred Carney, A. C. Merryman, It.
E. .Stephenson Chas. Shield.*, Mes.rs. Gould,
McGillie, the Wrights, Prescott, Holgate Br. s.,
McLennan, Cook, in short everybody, exerted
themselves to the utmost to stay the fire, and,
by God’s help, succeeded in saving the greater
portion of Marinette.
Nearly aL the buildings of any value in
Meuekauue were continued in spite of the most
despairing efforts, and we nre rale in saying
that had we been visited by such a tornado of
wind and flame as our neighbors at Peshtigo,
uothing could have been left of our town.
At Peshtigo and in the Sugar Bush all the
cattle, sheep, swine and poultry are destroyed.
Miles of country, where but a few days ago" ex
isted pleasant farm* and en abundunca of the
necessaries of life, now lie devastated with not
a living thing left.
Crowds of people, with teams and supplies,
have gone to-day to gather such of the remains
of the dead as can be found; to pay the last
sad tribute to their memory, and perchance
succor the few who may ye» be living, but to
whom no aid has yet arrived.
Lillie Miirge >n,
in Door county, Wis., was destroyed on Monday
night, and fifty-five persons perished.
Thus has death aud destruction reigned all
around us, and we, by the mercy of God, are
yet spared.
Chicago is in ruins, our supply of paper is
cut off, and we shall be obliged to issue a small
sheet this week without tur advertisements.
Our readers will pardon us, and our patrons
generally will favor us, under the circumstances.
To-day men and teams, loaded with supplies
from various sources, have been pouring into
town. The Dunlap House is turned into a hos
pital; some thirty or forty are there under
medical treatment.
The Saginaw to-day brought from Uond du
Lac Drs. Dodge, Deveraux, Mayhum May,
Gray, Phillips, and other citizen.*, with medical
supplies and delicacies for the sick and badly
hurt; also Mrs. Carey, Mr*. Sexsmith, Mrs.
Vieleand Mrs. Hurd to act as nurses. Drs.
Graham and Stansbury, Prof. Foye and others
came from Appleton witn supplies. Drs. Gor-
don. Blodgett, Goe and Russell are here from
Oshkosh.