UNION AHD AMERICAN.
CLOTHING, ETC.
Gold continues dull in New York, dos-
al lO9i01O9J.
j
Tkk-akrsee Honda closed in New York
last evening at B6 Tor llic tJdibiao ahd.04
lor the.new.
Cottox weak ih'Xew York am
dllagbas declined to l!)Je.
ThiJrorocdii bf the House Vere'yes
terday'very pleasantly varied by the
presentation of an elegant cane
to Mr. Speaker Ricbardson by
the
W, 3 V
t r t.,. i l .1. t t
pre&iueu w ii-u su juuuu .ice, uiguuy auu
ability. The-trms in whiclj-the Represcn
ni. ii.' -1 '.J
Cheatham, as the spokesman OH
his fellow-members, made the presentation
were most appropriate and felicitous. Both
the manner and matter were in. exceedingly
good taste, and 'reflect great credit upon the
heart and head of the Representative from
Robertson. The repl of Mr. Speaker
Ricbardson was of that quiet dignity, unaf
fected modesty and real feeling which would
naturally come from so genuine a gentle
man. The affair pasted off most pleasantly
and most deservingly for all concerned.
RAID OF 1ATE9TIG ATI N?
The teuisville Idef7"3QoUdngvthVde
fe&tVof JScnatbr ThinullVelfbrt to secure
an Investlgation'of pffidafcorruptlon bylhe
Grant administration and its. appointeest
says': The' asen who 'wear -Grant's collar
outnumber the honest men. When the Pres
ident wields a patronage of four or five hun
dred millions, and is a candidate f r re
election aftcr filling his. own pockets
andlhose of" his friends," Investigation
Is not tq; be, thought of, So mucli
for' that civil service which
lrabt promised in his message while pre
paring to have it attacked in his own organ,
and obstructed by his friends in Congress.
It Is Tammany tactics, and there is
worse than -Tammany scouudrelisni at the
bottom of 'it, Too many colo?sal fortunes
Have'been'mado by the President's friends,
andthls refusal to permit a thorough inves
tigation is a confessiou that theft lurks in all
the crypts of the Treasury and that all
branches -of the public service are festering
with corruption. Rut one course remains
forhonest Republicans: they must make
common cause with the people agalifit their
plunderers."
TEBTCfESSEE NEWS.
.Seven thonsand votersJiave registered at
t Memphis.
A lager beer brewery will shortly be es
tablished at Lawrenceburg. v
The disease called measles is prevailing
quite extensively at Frankiin.
The Memphis and Charleston Railroad
will reduce rates ou cotton eastward on the
first proximo.
There is considerable excitement
throughout Wayne -county on the subject
of the Memphis and KnoxvlUe Railroad.
Geo. Batey, Esq., living near Lavergne in
Rutherford county, killed a Berkshire hog
last week which weighed .714 pounds net.
Bishop Quintard is expected to visit St.
Paul's Church at Franklin in a few weeks
to administer the Holy Rite of confirmation.
The Chatlawmga Times suggests Col. J.
Burch Cooke, cf that city, as a candidate
for the vacant Supreme Judgeship in Aug
ust next.
The work on the Custom House at Knox
TlUe goes on steadily, and its beautiful pro
portions are eliciting warm praises from all
Tisitors.
Joseph R. -Djllln has sold his place near
Smyrna to Mr. Nelson for $35,000.' This is
one of the finest farms in Rutherford coun
ty, and is well Impro'tKStsSs
The dweffihsliouse
ney, tliree and a half miles from Athens,to
gether with most of its contents, was de
stroyed by flic lately.
The Kuoxville Iron Company have com
pleted the repairs of their machinery at the
Rolling Mill, and resumed work Wednesday
mght, the 13tb inst., for the first time since
the late accident.
At Memphis Judge Trigg has ruled that
all forfeitures that were entered in pursu
ance cf the action of the Grand Jury which
was discharged by Judge Emmons at the
last term, be set aside.
The commissioners of the Memphis and
Knoxrille air-line railroad have issued a
call for the stockholders of the company to
meet at Bolivar on Monday, the 1st of
January, for the purpose of organizing by
electing directors and other officers, and
preparing to begin work on the road.
3IEJ1PHIS.
The Arrest of the Express Robbers.
St. Louie, Dec 15. Wm. A. Pinkerton
and G. T. Gallagher, of Pinkerton's Cliica
go'Detcctlve Agency, and Detective Con
nell, of Memphis, left here List night for
Union City.Tenn., having in charge Hilliard
Farrington, alias Henry Clark, and William
Burton, charged with robbing the Southern
Express Company's Messenger by boarding
trains at Moscow and Union City on the
Mobile and Oliio railroad last July and Oc
tober. These men were arrested at Terona, on
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad, in the ex
treme southwestern part of this State, and
wero captured only after the houses in
which they took refuge were securely barri
caded from the outside, and then set on fire.
They are desperate characters, and are
charged with murder as well as robbery.
Their arrest, it is believed, will have the ef
fect to break up one of the worst gangs of
"desperadoes ever in the West.
A Desperate Kscapndc.
Memphis, Dec. 15. This morning while
"Wjlliam Pinkerton in company with Detec
tive Connell, was bringing Hilliard and Far
rington alias Clark and Burton, the two
express robbers, arrested near Verona, Mo.,
Mr telegraphed last night, from Cairo to
Columbus on a steamer, Clark asked Pink
erton to go out on the guards as ho had some
thing to tell him. 2ib sooner had they
reached the guards than Clark, though
heavily ironed, snatched Pinkerton's ro
Tolver from his belt, cocked it and
presented it at Pinkerton's head,
eaying, "I have you now." Pinkerton called
to Connell, who springing to his side,
knocked up the pistol as it was discharged,
the ball grazing Pinkerton's temple. A
desperate struggle ensued, during which
.dark fell overboard, and passing under the
wheel sunk. It is supposed the wheel
struck him. At all events he never rose
again. Burton had made full confession.
Clark knowing this, attempted to kill Pink
erton for revenge. Burton was formerly a
brakeman on the Nashville and Northwest
ern Railroad. Ho was brought to Union
City, near where the rbbery was csmmit
ted, and lodged in jail.
Another TorrlblcStrns'slp find Arrest.
A dispatch this evening, from Robert
Pinkerton, says Levi Farrincton, a brother
be brought to Tennessee for trial. These
brothers are notorious horse thieves and
murderers, and the Southern Express Com
pany has for over two months had from
twenty to forty detectives on the track of
these men.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
5Keedor Annexing Han Doralnso.
Columbia, S. C. Dec 15.
In the Ku-Klux trial to-day,the defense was
engaged in proving by many witnessess the
terror existing among whites in the up
country at tlie time cl the alleged outrages.
The testimony showed Jim Williams, a ne-
pn Captain of the Militia, had threatened j
tl,.a Trliitoc frnm till pmtllo nil. nnil
J".1 L T. .1.1
to apply the torch. William Bralton, col
ored, testified that he was a Lieutenant in
Williams' company, and was reduced to the
ranks on account of his dissenting from
Williams' violent measures. The defense
asked further time to bring witnesses to
how that the tfu-Klux was organized for
eelf-protection, and had ceased to exist of
Hsclf. After bearing reubtting evidence
from the prosecution the court adJournei
Argument will begin to-morrow'.
f MtABLTSHED iRCK: 30, 1835. u
r WASHrxjjTqx, D. C., 1W15. Republi-
continuing tnercin several hours, upon
Trumbull's resolution now pending in the.
ocuaus. iue result is mat mey acree 10
i support it, with an amendment omitting
that part instructing the committee on in-
"Station, and retrenchment to consider
the' expedieric v of so amendinc the laws un
der which appropriations to "public service
are now matte, as to provide for withdraw
lngjUie. public service from being used as
,7, tnX,,f r i:t!Mi..
an instrument, of, political or natty
patronage. The resolution, as thus
amended, instructs the committee to
inquire into the expenditures of all
branches, of. the" .service of the
United Statee, and. resort any and what
ofhees ought to be abolished, whether any
or what'saJarv or allowances oucht to "be ro-
du?djjyht-,ejlie methods of procuring
accouniaouiiy in pumic agents or oincers
in thfi rartt and dUhnrATr!nt. nf miMt
J moneys; whether moneys have been paid
out uiegauy; whether any oincers .or agents
or other persons have been or are emnloved
t in the public service without authority of
jaw or unnecessary, ana generally now ana
i to what extent the, expenses of the service
oi the country may and ought to he cur-
taueu.
The caucus then aereed on the following
named senators to -comprise the Uoimnit
tee. Buckingham, Howe, Pratt, Harlan,
Stewart, Paul, and Bayard. The last
named is the only Democrat ou the Com-
j mittce. The caucus carefully excluded
l from the Committee, those who had taken
pan in the debate on retrenchment, and
hence Trumbull and Schurz have no place
on iu
Bpeoeb from tfae New Attorney-Gen
eral
.This evening a large number of gentle
men from the Pacific coast, including mem-
recently apspinted Attorney-General, to
tender their congratulations. Mr. Williams
spoke as follows:
I promise all whom it mav concern that
when I am placed at the head of the depart-
ment ot justice in this government, so lar
as my jurisdiction in that department may
go, its .mandates will be dispensed without
fear or favor, and with equal, vigor and re
spect lor au classes and conditions ot men.
I know not what may be in the clamor
now made about official delinquencies in
federal office, but so far as the exposure
and prosecution of such delinquinces shall
devolve upon the depaitmcnt of justice.
No partisan consideration will havo weight
and no pains will be spared to bring the
guilty to a speedy and condign punislunentf
1 deeply regret that in some portions o
tho country a spirit of lawlessness seems to
prevail. I will favor every consideration of
kindness to induce oledience to the laws,
but if no other means will answer, then 1
am for using the whole power of the coun
try in the most vigorous and effective man
ner, to crush out every conspiracy against
the peace, security and safety of iinoffend
ing citizens.
Governments wero primarily established
to protect the weak against the strong, and
if this government fails to perform its func
tions in that respect, it lias a poor claim
upon the support and loyalty of its citizens.
No onedu the light of recent events in New
Yorkand elsewhere,can take otlice now and
escape the vigilant eye of tho people, and
nothing but active and upright devotion to
duty will give general satisfaction. 1 shall
struggle to meet the iopuLir demand, as
well as to meet the expectations of my
friend,s with how much of success time and
events will determine.
I have the honor to be the first cabinet
officer taken from the Pacific Coast. Cali
fornia, Nevada, Oregon and the territories
of the far West, may now consider them
selves recognized and represented in every
branch of the government.
i ao not anect incoherence to party mat-
becanselhave been elected to onice.
I belong to the Republican party. I be
lieve in its principles and politics.
I have a strong conviction that its ascend
ancy for some time to come is necessary to
the perpetuation of peace and the enforce
ment of the law, and subordinate to my of
ficial obligations everything that, I can rea
sonably and honorably I shall earnestly do
to secure its triumph at the next Presiden
tial election.
The right nfralnst Investigation A
Flank Movement.
Special to tho Loui;iille Ledger.
The great debate in the Senate on the
proposition of Trumbull for an investiga
tion of the abuses, was continued to-day
between tho reform and corruption wings
of the Republican party. The latter take
the ground that the administration is pure
and lovely, so that the movement for in
vestigation and civil service reform is not
called for. They warmly praise the ad
ministration of Grant, and treat the present
reform as hostile to him and the Republi
can party. The reformers say, in reply,
that they are the true Republicans, desiring
to ferret out and correct abuses, and that
the Republican party can not resist the pop
ular demand for reform. Wilson, Trum
bull and Tipton spoke in favor of a full in
vestigation, and White, Nye, Morton and
Sherman argued against it. Trumbull's
amendment was defeated by 35 noes to 24
ayes. Among the latter were all the Dem
ocrats and the following reform Republicans,
viz Alcorn, Fenton, Sumner, Wilson, Pat
terson, Schurz, Tipton, Logan, West, Rob
ertson and Trumbull eleven in all. Messrs.
Sprague, Ferry, of Connecticut, and Hill
would have voted aye if they were present.
The carpet-baggers generally held in the
direction of the concealment and smother
ing of the investigation.
After the resolution of Anthony was car
ried, Sir. Trumbull next moved bis amend
ment as an instruction to the committee.
This adroit move greatly annoyed Morton
and Sherman, who both assailed him. Sher
man was excessively rude, and he tried to
prevent Mr. Trumbull from speaking. The
latter, however, obtained tho lloor, and
made a most severe and effective retort.
This debate has of course caused a gieat
sensation. The movement for civil service
reform is antagonistic to the movement for
Grant's renom'mation, and a lively time
may be expected. This Is only the begin
ning of the end. The Grant Republicans
seem resolved that there shall be no investi
gation of their charnel-house, and the re
form Republicans intend to persist in de
manding full investigation as the first step
to reform. This was the first struggle over
Grant's renomination, and another was
commenced by Mr. Trumbull giving notice
tliat he meant to press the House bills re
pealing the duties on coal and salt, and re
form in the civil service. Reform will be
urged in spite of Grant, to break him down,
as it stands in the way of the renomination
of Grant. The position is already assum
ing formidable shape in the Senate, and its
counterpart also in the House.
Xatlonal Han It rnlltire.4.
The failure of the national banks of New
York have caused great excitement here,
both in political and financial circles. The
Radicals who have made the system one of
their pet party planks, are filled with con
sternation. Callender, the bank examiner
in the district where these lauures have
"tto Currency B- ""PO
banks were in a healthy condition, when at
tliA same timo he was indebted, on his own
account, to a very large amount. Callen
der has tendered his resignation, but it will
not be accepted at the Treasury, until an
investigation can be had. It is understood
that in tho Senate, on Monday, Trumbull
will introduce a resolution to investigate
these banks, and will also use them as an
additional argument for his proposed Re
trenchment Committee.
Grant Pronounces the Civil Service
CominisHton Fnllnre.
Special to the Cincinnati Commercial.
If anything were needed to show that the
ministration is playing 'possum on the
administration is rlayin
r
subject of reform in addition to the em
phatic a'titudc of tho Grant supporters in
the Senate it is found in au editorial in the
Republican, which is understood to have
been inspired at the White House, and writ
ten by Murtagh, the administration editor.
It says that the Civil Service Commission,
of which George William Curtis is chair
man, is a downright failure. The truth
need not be concealed that the administra
tion does not want much civil service re
form, but that it feels" it Incumbent upon
itself toinakQ adenionstration'to satisfvthel
pe'ople. The Senate refuses to allow anE-n
vesugation to bo made, although ills charged
by a Republican Senator, "on the floor of the
Senate,; that widespread corruption and ex
travagance' exists to-day lu the public
service ana now, wnen Mr. Uurtis is on
the eve of reporting upon some plan which
Is thought to be requisite, out comes the
cry that the commission is a failure
Jt'roslclcHtial Opinio about Certain
Journals.
Ihe President is understood to have
lately said that the opposition of such papers
as the A ew York Tribune, the Cincinnati
uoTtmeracu, thebpringheld Jfepttoltetmand
the Chicago Tribune, did not affect him, as
they would not dare to bolt on his nomina
tion and he said their Republican readers
wouiumara uiem swing into line before
ice iTCsiaentiat election.
Congressional Committee Clerlu.
The.questiou governing the appointment
oi cierss to congressional committees, was
looked into to-day by the select committee
on reorganization of the civil service. A
bill will shortly be reported, showing what
committees require clerks, extent of tho
service required, and fixing the compen-'
sauon mereior. it is the intention of tho
committee to make a general inquiry into
tho clerical status of all branches of the
government, properly grading this branch
oi me service, anu uxing the remuneration
of the salaried officers 'in proportion to
ineir responsimiity and services rendered.
CONGRESSIONAL
On Thursday the Senate adjourned over
lu juunuay.j
IIOCHE.
V abiiingtok, Dec. 15. Mr. Snappof-
lereu a resolution lor the abolition of print
ing and transporting public documents at
luu imuuu (Miiuise. iveierreu.
Mr. Slocum presented a petition for the
reduction oi the duty on nee.
After a lengthy and somewhat bitter
squabble over the cost and corruption of
cusiomnouso ouuuing generally, and in
New York, Boston and New Orleans par
ticularly, tne Din ior the Uhicago custom
house was passed, with a limitation of the
amount to four million dollars.
In the course of the debate Mr. Randall
remarked that there was no disposition
shown by the Republican party in the
House to ferret out fraud and corruption in
the Administration. Where, he asked, was
there a man on the Republican aide who
had the courage, theintecritvortho honestv
of Charles O'Conor or Samuel J. Tilden.
who had routed the wrong doers in the citv
of New York even at the hazard of the de
feat of their own party.
i he House passed appropriation bills to
carry out tho Washington treatv. and then
adjourned until Monday.
NEWT0RK.
Gnn cj to Turn State's Erldcncc.
New York. Dec. 15 The Sun savs it
has information that Mrs. Garvey, wife of
plasterer Garycy, arrived in the city yester
day irom Switzerland; that she is instructed
by her husband to say that on condition of
his not being prosecuted he will disclose all
he knows concerning the ring frauds. She
intimates mat nor mis Dana's relations will
implicate Mayor Hall, Sweenev and Henrr
Smith.
Lateb. It is stated by persons intimato
with the family, that the alleged return of
Mrs. A. J. Garvey is a canard. Her brother
states tliat if bail is reduced to $100,000
Garvey will surrender himself in thirty-six
hours. He is not in Europe, but in Cana
da, and his wife is with him.
Tho Internationals.
At the meeting of the Police Commission
ers yesterday, whereat the order prohibiting
the Internationalists' procession was re
scinded, Judge Bosworth in a speech said
said the action of the police was Ieeal. but
as the community had taken the opposite
view, the order ought to be rescinded.
delegation of Internationals waited up
on the Workingmen's Union to-night, re
questing them to join iu Sunday's procession
in honor oi ot the xrcnch Communist ilar
tyrs of the Universal Republic. The meet
ing adjourned without taking action upon
the recommendation.
Itailroad Smash.
An accident occurred this morning on
the Boonton branch of the Delaware, Lack-
awana and Western railroad. The Oswego
express train which left Hoboken at 8:15
this forenoon, when between Passaic and
est Patterson ran into a coal tram .smash
ing both engines and breaking several cars.
There was only one killed, Jackson, and An
drews, fireman on the coal train, and en
gineer Buddick, of the passenger train,
were seriously injured, and two or three
others slightly wounded.
LOUISVILLE.
Mrst-dnss Forgers.
LonsviLLE, Dec 15. Three men giving
their names as J. W. Sweet, C. Hunt and T.
Walker, stopped at the mllard Hotel, in
this city, on the Sth inst., and visited a bank
enquiring about exchange on New York.
Sweet bought of the Frauklink Bank a
draft on the Trader's and Drover's Bank,
New York, for $3,300. The other two men
disappeared last Sunday. Sweet left the
Willard this morning and registered at the
Gait House as Geo. W. McDonald. He
went around to the telegraph offices enquir
ing for dispatches for Sweet and for Mc
Donald, and left orders at the Postoflice for
his letters to be sent to the Con
tinental notel, Philadelphia, and was
about to leave for the Fast when
he was arrested by detectives Bligh
and Gallagher on suspicion of forgery. In
his trunk were found a large quantity of
letter-heads of the ."d and 9th National
Banks of Now York, various kinds of inks,
pens, etc., a large check-book of the State
.National liant ot JNew Urleius: also, letters
from the National Bank of the Republic,
ew lork, to bam Brown, of Buflalo, in
regard to deposits, etc., and letters fiom
Jno. Smidt Co., Louisville. All the writ-
ng was taken out by some chemical pro
cess, except the heading and signature,
(ieo. McDonald, alias J. W. Sweet, alias
Sam Brown, is about thirty-five years of
age, five feet, ten inches high, slim, light
complexion and hair, full light brown whis
tache, slightly bald on top of head, of gen
teel appearance. Hunt, alias Fowler, about
forty-five or fifty years old, stout, with black
whiskers sprinkled with gray. Walker is
about thirty years old, stout, and genteel in
dress. The latter two have not been seen
since Sunday, but are supposed to be in
New York to carry out the plans of Sweet
there. Sweet received a dispatch to-day
that the draft sold on the New York Bank
hand not been paid, and the Bank here tel
egraphed the New York Bank not to pay it
until further orders, as they are satisfied
there is fraud somewhere. This is regarded
as one of the most important arrests made
hero in a long time. Hunt's real name is
believed to be Bridgcwell aud Walker to be
his son. The parties came up from the
South where they have been operating re
rscently. The Library Lottery.
The local sensation here is tho public
library drawing and concerts which take
place to-morrow. The excitement was up
to fever heat and when it was discovered at
2 o'clock that every ticket in the hands of
agents in city had been sold, and no more
could be had, and that the main office was
definitely closed for all business last night
in order to get ready for the drawing,
the eagerness to obtain what were not to be
had was prodigious, and two or three prices
were offered for tickets. Thirty-five thou
sand tickets, amounting to $850,000, have
been sold, and the prizes to be distributed
to-morrow will amount to $102,500, the
money for which is on deposit in the (Jiti
izeus' bank.
ALABAMA.
Montgomery, Ala., Dec. 15. Both
branches of the Alabama Legislature have
resolved to extend the session beyond thirty
days. A bill has passed both houses au
thorizing the Governor to issue $1,000,000
of Alabama eight percent bonds to be used
as necessity may require.
Phil Rlieridnn ImHtAi Alexis to a irrand
buffalo hunt, but a new mow blockade oirTbooS"jept by Gen. Eetchum to show the
the Pacific road renders the project doubt-
nu.
f'AJVirnn urn ftutr j
FABift.T,TODA3S,JDEeBMBER 16, 18TL. NEW SERIBS"-cN0.il,O23.
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Tho Testimony of Young- Ketchnm.
Aroxr.oB,!Dec5.-In ;tSeiWE5ri6u
case to-day Judge Miller ruled out the ques-
uun propounwu to vauess as to now no
came to oe at jirs. u natron s bouse on a
certain day, if. well or sick, Jus symptoms.
a son l
oi iuq iate uen. acuiium, nas Known
the prisoner for twenty years. Remem
bers the day when his father left Washine-
ton for Baltimore,June 24. His health then
was perfectly good as far as' he can judge,
He had a slight sore throat in April. The
witness next saw his father on Friday,
June 80, when he was dead. Saw Mrs.
Wharton at Mrs- Chubbs! house' In Wash
ington on the 3d day of July. Knew that
she was coming to Washington,
When he met her with his brother she
commenced to. sympathize with them, say
ing she also hid lost a good friend. Her
eyes were hiled with tears. She regretted
to have to talk on business matters so soon
after his father's death, but necessity com-
pelled.her do so;- She then said she had
called to see about $4,000 in bonds she had
given my father; that she was going to
leave Baltimore on Friday or Saturday ,and
desiring a letter credit she wished to secure
the bonds. Said she was going to Europe
and woidd leave New York on the follow
ing Wednesday. The witness asked at what
time she had riven those bonds to his fath
er, and she' replied about 'eighteen months
ago; that she had given him four bonds,
each for ono thousand dol
lars. They were five twenty
louus Deanng o per cent interest, ana to
be sold by him and converted into 10-40
five per cent coupon bonds. Witness
asked if bar father had given any receipt for
tne oonus, anu sne answered no. He
asked if there were any witnesses to the
transaction and she said no witness. He
said he could do nothing, as no adminis
trator had been appointed, and would not
be until Saturday next, and neither himself
norms brother coma touch a cent before
that time. She replied that would not do,
tliat she would leave Baltimore Saturday,
and must have money to obtain her letter
of credit before she left. Witness
told her if she would accompany
him to Gen. Brice's office, proba
bly he could suggest some way
by which the money could be raised, and
she consented. Witness then asked if she
would be offended if he talked business to
her. She replied she would not. He then said
his father's books showed she was in debt
to him $2,000. She replied that she had
paid that debt in two installments; that on
July 17, 1870, she paid $1,300 and $130 in
terest, and on Jan. 17, 1871, she paid the
balance, $1,300, and $65 interest for six
months. She said my father had noted
these payments ou the back of the note,
that he had entered $130 as tho amount due
for interest at the last payment, when she
said. "General, that is not right; it should be
$05, the interest on $1,300 for
six months. lou Iiave calculated
on $2 630." He acknowledged
the mistake, erased out $130, and put
down $05. He then handed her the note sav
ing, "Ellen, now that this transaction is ended
between us, you had better destroy the
note, as it may give you some trouble."
She destroyed the note in his presence.
Witness asked if there were any witnesses
to the transaction, and slie answered no.
He asked her if she had any receipt for the
payments of interest or principal. She an
swered she had not. 1 hey then went to
Gen. Bi ice's office where he requested Mrs.
Whaiton to make know n to him the object
of her visit, when she said she had called to
secure or obtain payment of $4,000 in
bonds. Gen. Brice is witness's uncle. The
witness then detailed- the statement made
by Mrs. Wharton to Gen. Brice in regard to
the bonds, which was the same as made to
himself. Gen. Brice was astonished at her
demand, and told her that his father's books
and papers showed that she was iu his debt
to the amount of $2,tXK), and there was no
evidence that Gen. Ketchum was in her
debt for $4,000. Gen. Brice then asked
when she had given the bonds to Gen.
Ketchum. She said about eighteen months
ago. ten. Bnce asked what kind of bonds
they were. She replied four $1,000
hve-twenty bonds, to be converted
into ten-forties for safe keep
ing. Gen. Brice theu asked about the
$2,600, when she made the same stateme t
iu regard to having paid it as she made to
witness. The statement was repeated in
full as to the payment and advice of (Jen.
Ketchum to destroy the note and its de
struction. Gen. Brice asked in wliat man
ner she had paid this money. She replied
in greenbacks. Gen. Brice asked if she
was not afraid of so large a sum of money
about her. She said no. He asked if she
had any receipt or any witness to the trans
action. She answered no. ne asked if
Mrs. Chubbs did not know something about
it. She replied no one knew anything
about it. The General then told her there
was no possible means of getting the
bonds at that time, as the estate of
Gen. Ketchum was in court, and that
if her trip to Europe depended ou get
ting the bonds she had better give up
all hope of going. She received this an
nouncement with no apparent concern or
emotion, and got up to leave, saying she
was sorry she had no time to call on Mrs.
Brice, but thought it was best she should
not, as her presence might awaken fresh
grief. Mrs. Brice is a sister of Gen. Ketch
um. She sent her love to Mrs. Brice and
left. Witness went with her to the side
walk and told her he woidd be in Baltimore
next day for his father's effects. They then
separated. In reply to questions lrom the
Court, the witness auswered that Mrs.
Wharton stated she had made payment to
his father at Mrs. Chubbs house.
Next day, July 4, witness went to Balti
more and saw Mrs. Wharton at her house,
then showed her a small pocket diary that
belonged to hi3 father and asked her to ex
amine it for herself. She declined to take
the diary, saying she could not see to read
it. It was one o'clock in the day and bright,
as far as he remembers. Witness asked if
she had her glasses with her. She answered
it would make no difference if she had, she
would be unable to read it. Witness then
said he commenced and read the contents
of each page of the diary to her, beginning
in tho fly leaf. She was at his right hand,
close enough to hear all he read. Among
the entries in the diary read by witness were
three credit payments of interest on E. E.
W.'s note, each $130, dated January
17, 1870, Jidy 17, 1870, and January
25. 1870. While reading the entries, Mrs.
Wharton interrupted bun several times aud
spoke of the $4,0U0 in bonds. Witness said
if she would wait until he got through ho
would talk about the bonds. When he
read the entry of payment of interest Jan.
25. 1871, Mrs. Wharton said that was not
correct; it should bo $65 instead of $130,
and was paid on the 17th of January and
not on the 25th. He asked if the payment
was made by check. She answered no.
He asked if the payment of the principal
had been made by check or draft. She said
no; it was paid with money she had in the
house which she received from rents. He
asked if she could give him from her books
the dates on which she made the payments.
She said she kept no books; did so
at one time, but they were too much
trouble. Witness then asked her to make
out a memorandum of the dates on which
payments were made, which she agreed to
do, and to forward to him next
day. She said she would not like to be
compelled to swear to the exact dates as
she kept no books. Witness told her he
would take Gen. Eaton with him to the Safe
Deposit Company at Washington, and have
him examine the bonds and sec if there
was any indication that they belonged to
her. She consented, b it does not remem
ber in what words. She also stated sae
could not understand why my father claimed
that she was in his debt, as she had paid
him in January. Witness went with
Gen. Eatou to examine the bouds
which was done. They found no indi
cations that any of the boiids belonged
to Mrs. Wharton, ne had promised to let
her know the result of the examination by
Gen. Eaton by letter, and did so. They also
looked among" the papers for some evidence
of the payments made by Mrs. Wharton.
None was found. His father was 52 years
old. He never used drugs or laudanum.
Prosecution now offered in evidence the
indebtedness of Mrs. Wharton to him.
The counsel for the defense objected, and
1 r
lowed to retire before argument on the
.question' of admitting the books was com
menced. This was assented to by the
Counsel for the prosecution, and the jury'
retired. 11 allies then commenced .the ar
gument, citing the authorities on whicJj the
pbjection was based, at the conclusion of I
which the court adJottmeiL it
FOREIGN.
Prince of Wales Slewly Improving.
GENEVA.
Alabama Arbitrators.
Nkw York, Dec. IS. A dispatch from
London says that all the arbitrators ap
pointed under the Treaty of Washington to
attend tne ueneva Conference, were to
meet at Genera Friday and orcanize. The
case as made up by the United States ou
one side and by Great Britain on 'the other,
will bo delivered to each of the arbitrators
to-morrow or Saturday.
GREAT BRITAIN.
Lospow, Ue& 15-5 y..M-rThe danger
in toe case oi the prince is so tar lessened
that a message has been telesraphed to the
Princess Victoria, at Berlin, countermand
ing tne summons sent her to come to San-
A Bessatloa
has been produced by the refusal of certain
extreme ritualists to say prayers for the
prince's recovery, in the absence of orders
from their bishop.
0 p. M The latest from Sandrincham.
at o:3u p. m., says tne prince has been tran
quil all the afternoon. The course of the
fever continues favorable. The Queen will
return to Windsor to-morrow. Thisbulle
tin was received with great cheering
wnerever postea up. a leehnz oi wolOund
reiiei prevails in au quarters.
The Latest.
Loxdojt, Dec. 10, 1:30 a. m. An official
report from Sandrincham at 1 o'clock, savs
the Prince of Wales had some quiet sleep
to-nigni.
UTAH.
Brlgham Yoanpr Turns Up.
Salt Lake. Dec 15. The absorbing
subject of interest and discussion Is the ad
mission of Utah as a State. The Gentiles
are unitedly opposed to it, while tho Mor
mons arc conditionally in its favor.
iingnam x oung is reported to-day at St.
ueorge.
GEORGIA.
Atlanta, Dec. 15. Both branches of
the Legislature adjourned to-night until the
zd Wednesday in January.
une oi the parties from Dade countv.
charged with Ku-Kluxism, have been dis
charged and the proof against the balance
nas not been sustained.
A Railroad Gone to Protest.
Auovsta, Ga., Dec 15. The Missis
sippi Central Kauroad was protested here
to-day on bonds due on the 1st of August
last, i ue roau is leased to i&outhern rail
road association, but both failed to provide
tne iunds necessary to avoid the protest.
NEW JERSEY.
Execution of a Parricide.
Philadelphia, Pa., Dec 15. The ex
ecution of Jno. Ware for the murder of his
father took place at Camden, N". J., to-day
about noon. Ware maintained a stolid de
meanor and exhibited no agitation. He
wrote a confession last mght which he
gave to ms counsel and in which he says
ne Kuieu his latner because he ill treated
his (John's) mother he accuses several
witnesses who testified on the trial of perjury.
lie signed a paper ior the delivery of his
ooay to tne surgeons, out this being op
posed ny ms wue tne body was surrendered
to her alter execution.
Short Shrift.
Cleveland, O., Dec 15. John Cooper,
colored, was to-day convicted of murder in
the hrst aesree, for killing Jas. H. Swirg,
also colored, about a month ago. No tes
timony was taken for the defence except
i-oopers wno comesscd his guilt anu made
excuses for the act. The whole trial only
occupied three hours.
Fogrsry.
CrscisxATi, Dec 15. Foe and smoke
were so dense in the city this forenoon that
it was like twilight up to noon. Gas was
burning in nearly all the business houses,
ana on 'Change the lights were not extm
guished till half past 12 o'clock. Outside
the city was one of the brightest mornings
of the winter.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
The Liberal Republicans of Missouri have
issued a lengthy manifesto.
England has purchased the island of Su
matra from Holland.
Thiers favors the return of the French
seat of government to Paris.
Itichmond reports ten inches and still
snowinc.
The ilayor of Montreal breakfasted with
tho Grand Duke yesterday.
THE AXCIKXT BIXG.
A man who wished to buy a handsome
ring, went into a Jeweler's in Paris, and de
sired to see some. The jeweler showed him
a very ancient gold ring, remarkably fine
and curious on this account, that on the
Inside of it were two little lion's claws.
The buyer while looking at the others, was
playing with this; at last he purchased an
other, and went away. But he had scarcely
reached home, when first his hand, then his
side, then his whole body, became numb
and without feeling, as if he had had a
stroke of palsy; aud it grew worse and
worse till the physician, who came in haste,
thought him dying. 'Toil must somehow
have taken poison," he said. The sick man
protested that he had not. At length some
one remembered this ring; and it was then
discovered to be what used to be called a
death-ring, and which was often employed
in those wickel Italian States three or four
hundred years ago. If a man hated an
other, and desired to murder him, ho would
present him with ono of them. In the in
side was a drop of deadly poison, and a
very small hole out of which it would not
make its way except it was squeezed.
When the poor man was wearing it, the
murderer would come and shake his hand
violently, the lion's claws would give his
finger a" scratch, and in a few hours he was
a dead man. Now see why I told you this
story. For four hundred years this ring
bad kept its poison, and at the end of that
time it "Was strong euough almost to kill the
man who had unintentionally scratched his
finger with the claw; for he was only saved
by great skill on the part of the physician,
and by the strongest medicines. I thought
when 1 read this story, how like this poison
was to sin. You may commit a sin now, and
for the present forget it; and perhaps ten or
twelve years hence the wound you then, so
to speak, gave yourself, may break out
again, and that more dangerously than
ever. And the greatest danger of all is lest
the thoughts of sins committed, and the
pleasure we had in committing them,
should come back upon us in the hour of
death. J)r. J. MtSeal.
A gentleman who has devoted consider
able attention to the subject of narrow
guage railroads, has this to say about their
introduction in this Stite "The era of
narrow-guage railroads about to dawn in
Tennessee will work a revolution in rail
road history which will redound to tho pros
perity of the Stato and the speedy develop
ment of millions of wealth."
Every young man, after ho has chosen
his vocation, should stick to it. Don't leave
it because hard blows are to be struck, or
disagreeable work performed. ThCso who
have worked their way up to wealth aud
usefulness, do not belong to the shiftless
and unstable class, but may be reckoned
among such as took off their coats, rolled
np their sleeves, and conquered their preju
dices against labor, and manfully bore the
heat and burden of the day JZrdxmge
S. B. 8PURLOCK.
GEO. J.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO,
I
WHOIMB GROCERS AND COTTON MOTORS
DEALERS Vt FOREIGN AUD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 84 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging 8Hd Ties Famished and Clheral AdTaaces made.
Oel3mp &clniiT9AenfcK'ttlaofHamii .Whisky and AnnUSheeUn
afatiiiery, Rwk aid
AND BLANK BOOK MANUFACTORY
-33 TTnion Street,
Gift Books, Fine PIctares, Fancy Stationer y in Elegant Cases,
jouacs, uames, uoia 1'cbs and Pencils,
Port-Moimaes, Photograph aHd AHteeraDh Alhnmi.
PAUL TAVBL. 48
decataur.thaiafcranim
C0MWATI0N: MONDAY, DECEMBER 18.
r I HH. (;K RAT R
DRY GOODS
E. J. NORTHMAN'S
SO PUBLIC SQTXAJEIE!.
We take tills method to annnnnm tn nnr pnitnmoni iml tn ttranmM vtmn tt
made inuaenso redactlOM prices ofBU klndiof
Our Stock Is larcre and consbitA nf thp vetrv hst
tho entire month or December from 25 to 50 per cent cheaper than ordlnaryl Amonj.t
the many special bargains wherein money Is fared, we enumerate the following offerings:
Black Silks from &1JSO np, worth a Rood deal more.
Fancy Silks at 82. usnal nrlcn ft.1.
Velvets and Velveteens reduced to Importer's Cost.
Flannels, all wool, from 23 cents np, at wholesale price.
CasslmereH, a largre assortment or new styles at 75c, OOc, 81.10, 81.35; real It
worth Tram fn?r.. nAi-vnMl mnM.
We also include In this sale:
Cases Cocheco and Pacific Calicoes,
3 Coses 4-4 Bleachlnc. the best brands
All ofonr Wool Plaids, French Xerlnocs, Velonrs, Diaironnl Cashmeres, at a
(f rent sacrifice.
Japanese Silks, new styles, at OOc, worth 81-23 nny where.
French and ngllsh 4-4 Chintzes very cheap.
This is an UNUSUAL and EXTRAORDINARY SALE, and as wa k-Pon nr
GOOD GOODS, our prices will assuredly
COME A!E OSTCE
E. 8c J.
decl2t suniwedlthp
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
HEX ATE.
Fiudat, Dec. 15. The Senate met at 10
A. M., Speaker Vaughn In the (Jbair.
DISAPPKOVED.
Senate bills "To chance the Une between
the counties of Grundy and Sequatchie,"
and "To change the line between the coun
ties of Smith and Jackson," were returned
by the Governor disapproved, on the ground
that they contained no provision showing
that a majority of the voters residing in the
counties affected by the proposed changes,
were in favor of them, lioth bills were re
jected.
HOUSE BIIXS OX THI HI) HEADING.
Tn nnthnrizfl the corDorators or their suc
cessors mentioned hi the 41st section of the
act of May 24, I860, to turn over the funds
in their bands to the Greeneville and Paint
Rock Tram Road company.
To authorize the removal or the county
seat of Smith county. Amended and re
jected for want of a constitutional vote
COSCOBIIED is.
A number of House amendments to
Senate bills was concurred in.
TUB AGRICUL.TCRAI. SCHOOL FUXD.
Mr. Coulter presented the report of the
committee appointed to investigate into the
condition of the Agricultural School Fund.
The document is very voluminous. Ordered
to be printed.
STATE UBRABIAH.
Mr. Jones introduced a resolution to In
crease the salary of the State Librarian to
$1,500 per annum. The resolution was
ruled out of order, on the ground that salarl
ies of officials can only be increased by bill.
TO PAY DR. BLACKIE.
Mr. Merritt moved a reconsideration of
tho vote rejecting a resolution to remune
rate Dr. Blackie and Mr. Westerfield for
services rendered in cataloguing and index
ing the library. Carried.
The Clerk read a communication from
Judges Nichtlsou and Sneed recommend
ing the adoption of the resolution.
After some discussion, the resolution
failed, the vote being a tie ayes 11, noes 11.
CLAIMS AOAIXST TUB GOVKEXMENT.
House resolution to appoint an agent to
settle the outstanding accounts of the State
against the eentral government was adopted.
The Senate took a recess till 2:30 p. m.,
when it reassembled.
THE MEMPHIS COCPOX TBASSACTIOX.
The committee appointed to examine
into the exchange, by the Comptroller, of
the Memphis city bonds and coupons for
State bonds and coupons, returned a ma
jority and minority report.
The majority report was signed by Messrs.
Coulter and Ureen on tne part oi tne sen
ate, and Messrs. Crews and Gordon of the
House. After setting forth the facts in the
case, they exonerated the Comptroller from
all blame In the transaction. They estima
ted the amount of loss to the State at $8,
610.96, but were thoroughly satisfied that
the only mot've of the Comptroller was to
make the best exchange he could In the
State's interest. They therefore offered a
resolution to sanction and ratify the trans
action. Themmontv report was signed by Jir.
DuBose, who estimated the loss to the Stato
bv the transaction, at $0,867.42, including
interest on the city coupons. The minority
further reportd that there was no authori
ty given under tho statutes of Tennessee,
to the Comptroller to make this exchange
of bonds.
fler a sharp dicussion between Mr. Du
Bose and Mr. Coulter, the evidence on
which tho reports were based was read.
The discussion was then renewed and lasted
till 5:30 p. m. when the Senate rose for re
cess without coming to a vote.
HOUSE BILLS OX THIBI) BEADINO.
For the reclaiming of wild lands.
Passed.
To amend the act to prescribe the mode
of cancelling bonds and coupons at present
in the Comptroller's office. Passed.
THANKS.
Mr. Gibson offered a resolution convey
ing the thanks of the Senate to Mrs. Mar
garet Brown for the intelligent industry,
faultless accuracy and perfect neatness dis
played by her as Engrossing Clerk of the
Senate. Adopted.
THE SIEMPIHS COUPONS TBAXSACTIONS.
The resolution to ratify and sanction the
exchange by the Comptroller of Memphis
city coupons for State bonds and coupons
was taken up.
A motion to print -the majority and mi
GOODBICn.
4 M. JSPCKLOCK.
hh PriatiM Honsc.
aslxArill, J?gxxxx.
Union SU-ranf- 'KT.aciVill

OK
A P Cl A TTVlC C A T T?
OF
AT
---a s,,.
matri1a ami m,nnroi.tnMB tit. .ui ,.m
new desl ens.
known, at from -t t J!rl, ...r
please the public
BOX'T BEIlIY.
NORTHMAN,
20 PUBLIC SQUARE.
nority reports and the evidence taken before
the investigating committee was laid on the
table.
After some discussion, Mr. Clark moved
the adoption of the majority report, with
the accompanying resolution. Carried
ayes 17, noes 2.
nOUSE EESOLUTIOXS TAKEN CP.
Instructing our Senators and requesting
our Representatives in Congress to vote for
additional legislation protecting immigrants
to this country. Laid on the table.
Directory to the Trustee of the Bank of
Tennessee. Laid on the table.
In regard to a communication from tho
Governor of West Virginia, respecting the
transfer of a lunatic to Knox county. Adop
ted. EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate went into executive session,
to consider a message from the Governor
nominating a Stato Geologist and State Di
rectors of the Tennessee and Pacific Kail
road. Mr. J. M. Safford was confirmed State
Geologist, and Messrs. Joseph Motley and
Haywood G. Riddle, of Wilson, and Wat
son M. Cooke and James W. Thomas, of
Davidson, were confirmed State Directors
of the Tennessee and Pacific Railroad.
Adjourned till 11 a. m. to-morrow.
IIOrSE OF KEPKESKXTATIVKS.
Fbidat, Dec 15. The House was call
ed to order at 10 o'clock, Speaker Richard
son in the chair.
THE CONDITION OP J11K STATE.
Mr. Chester introduced a resolution,
which was laid over, in regard to the condi
tion of the State. It is in the nature of a
pleasant satire on the report of the Judi
ciary Committee, submitted by Mr. Martin
a few days ago, on the s.ime subject.
CANINO THE 3PEAKER.
Mr. Cheatham, rising to a question of
privilege, in the followirg neat and tasteful
remarks presented Mr. Speaker Richardson
witu an elegant gold-headed cane:
Mr. Speaker Bichardson: The members
of the House of Representatives of the Leg
islature of Tennessee over whoso delibera
tions you have presided during the session
now about to terminate by constitutional
limitation, have imposed upon me tho
pleasing duty ot presenting to you ui their
name, this cane, as a slight testimonial of
their appreciation of you as a man, and their
esteem for you as a public officer.
1 be duties you liave been called upon to
perform as the Speaker of this nouse liavo
been arduous, delicate and perplexing. In
the ardor and heat of debate, members hur
ried on by an honorable and laudable emu
lation for success excited and stirred by
the conflict of opposing opinions, sometimes
transgress the line of parliamentary debate
and discussion; yours was the duty, with a
firm, courteous, but steady hand, to check
those momentary ebullitions of feeling which
usually atteud generous anil noble natures,
and preserve the order and decorum of the
body. Tliis, together with many other re
sponsible duties, you have with dignity,
promptness and ability discharged. You
have, sir, been a laitlnul sentinel, ever at
your post, a trusted public servant, always
where duty called you. I speak the un
broken and unanimous voice of every mem
ber of this House, when I say tliat it'is with
pleasure we tender you this token ofonr re
spect, esteem aud affection, and say to you
tliat the kindest regards, the lushest esteem
and warmest affetiou of every one of us
will follow you-in your retirement to your
home, with the earnest and sincere prayer
that when the twilight of your life shdl
come, to let memory stray to this occa'i-in
and to this tribute.
THE SPEAKEIt'S BESPONSE.
Mr. Speaker Ricliardson responded as
follows:
Mr. Cheatham: I accept this beautiful
cane with the deepest emotions of gratitude
to you and each member for this evidence
of their partiality, and I desire to return
to you my most profound thanks for the
complimentary references to me by you in
discliarging the duty assigned you it this
matter, and to the members for the motives
which prompted them to make the present.
And, sir, siuco you have seen fit to allude to
the manner in which I have discharged the
onerous and responsible duties of the pre
siding officer of this body during the ses
sion, I feel that it will not be considered Inappropriate-
or an act of vanity on my part
for me to say that.while I know that many
Others who have presided here havo filled the
I AM NOW BKtKiriXQ
and brf t fleeted utock of
THE UULGB37
FALL WINTER Gi
Erer brought to this market.
T mm Tif.ntTfe 4m
farnbh the pabllo with all qualities and grata
of Clothing
At Prices that Dciy Competltloi.
The following U a. nartlal liit. at rt-T rn
mr nwi, wuica win giro aome Idea of the i
of my purchase:
s extent
OOATS.
Castor Beavers,
Bine and Black Opera,
Derby and Chesterfield,
Diagonals and Olive Brows,
Prince Alberta,
Sew Market,
Fleetwood.
Abo, a fall line of Black Cloth
all styles, fjualitlcn Bnd prices.
Coats, t
BOO Pair Black Doeskin,
Caastmere- Pant or all QaaUUtt,
Grades and Prices.
VESTS.
Our Stock of Silk, Cloth, Caulmer mi
Velvet Vests Is couple to as to qoantltr. qssf
ityandprice. We hare have also on hand a full line of
"Ovoroofvta,
7nlzaaa,
In addition to the above we havo constantly ea
hand a full line of Gentlemen's Fonusb
Insj Goods.
e oiler there goodi to the trade tu the lowest
mirlcet rates. Our stock U new astl complete ta
srery department.
I'lanten, Merchants and the Public geusrallj
Are Invited to call and examine our itocE before
purchasing e&ewhcre.
The manv friends of JAMES VT. EVAitS,
formerly connected with this hotue, will tod hhm
at this old and well-known stand, and he wiB be
pleased to "how them through the stock, and si
the same time be able to satisfy their tastes im
anv article pertaining to this line.
FRANK BLAKEMOBE la also connected
with this house, and will be pleased to hare his
friends gire him a call, guaranteeing to plsus
them In every respect.
MIKE
POWERS'
Star ClotMn
or
Store,
Corner Xarket and Square,
i23 eocQm splstp SASHV1LLE TBSX
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
TEE
UH AM) AMERICAN
IS PKEPAItED TO TCItlT OUT
JOB PRINTING
OP EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In the Most Satisfactory Stylo, upon
Brief Xotlce, at tho Ixw
est Bates.
OCR
OFFICE, IX ALL ITS
MEXTS, IS ONE OF
DEPA11T-
m MOST COMPUTE LV TIE SOUTH.
SPECIAL ATTESTIoa
Horror to
ORDEliS FROM THE COUNTRY,
GIVE r.s A CAXr.
chair with much more ability and far great
er dignity, yet 1 can say with all truth and
candor that no man ever in the discharge of
the duties devolving on a presiding officer
labored more earnestly and zealously to act
at all times with the utmost impartiality aud
with a more ardent desire for the eood of
the people of his State. I shall ever, while
I live, treasure this present as a striking
memento of the agreeable and kindly asso
ciations formed by me while here, and when
I am gone it shall descend to my posterity,
to bo by them held in sacred esteem.
Again, sir, I most cordially and sincerely
thank you and the members for this act of
kindness and partiality for me.
COMPLI1IENTABT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. Freeman introduced the following
resolution which was adopted unanimously:
Tliat our thanks are hereby tendered to
Hon. James D. Richardson, Speaker, for
the able, courteous and efficient manner in
which lie has presided over the delibera
tions of this body quick in the perception
of right, firm in the execution of Justice,
swerving neither to the right nor left, nor
yet faltering in the straight and narrow
path of duty. His judgement has defied
criticism, and his candor challenged admi
ration; Ids courtly demeanor has reflected
honor upon an honorable position, whlla.
his impartial rulings have won for him th
highest regards of all parties.
Mr. Eidoe introduced a resolution tend
ering the thanks of the House to Messrs.
Brown, Wade and Williams, clerks of tht
House, and Mr. W. E. Carter, Doorkeeper.
Adopted unanimously.
SENATE BESOLrTIOX.
Directing the Comptroller to Issua his
warrant for $224 due J. E. McAllister.
Rejected.
SENATE BILLS ON SECOND HEADING.
To change the line between the countle
of Overton and Putnam. Rejected.
To create the county of Chester. Passed.
SENATE BILLS ON THIBD HEADING.
1 o fix tho time of holding courts hi Roan
county was takea up on a motion to recon
sider. Reconsidered and posed third read
ing. To extend tlie jurisdietiou of the Hum
boldt Law and Chancery Court. Recon-
sMered and passed.
To establish a Law Court in Montgomery
county was recousidered and amended, by
authorizing the Judge of the Law Court of
Xashville to hold said cout three sessions
anuually. As amended, the bill passed
third reading and was transmitted to th
Senate for concurrence.
To amend the laws in regard to the fees
of Attorneys General, was taken up on a
motio-' to reconsider. After considerable
discussion, a motion was made to table ths
bill. Carried.
To authorize incorporated cities and
towns of over 20,000 inhabitants, to Issua
bonds to the amount of $800,000, waa re
considered, amended and passed.
To create the oiBee of Geologist and
Mineralogist. Passed.
To regulate tlie assessment and collec
tion of taxes on stock. Rejted.
The House took a recesa until 3 o'clock,
when it reassembled.
THE MEllPHIrt COUPON TRANSACTION.
Mr. Harris, from the commiuoa appointed
to investigate the sale of the Memphis city
coupons, i re seated a minority report whtch,
anioee; other thimp, exempts Comptroller
Peunefeakec from btamc
Mr. Crews thought the report should not
be acted on until tlie majority report, which
was under consideration in the SCnate, had
been brought into the Hease.
After discussion the report was received.
SENATE I IE SOLUTIONS.
Senate resolution to amend section 1 of
article 4 of the Constitution. Passed sec
ond reading.
Authorizing tlie Governor and Secratary of
State to cancel ami file coupons and bonds
returned to the State. Concurred In.
HOUSE BILL ON THIRD BEADING.
Providing for the removal of tho county
seat of Smith county. Passed.
SENATE BILLS ON Till BR BEADING.
Authorizing the County Court of David
son county to sell the stock of said county
iu any railroad, was taken up on a motion
to reconsider, and the bill again rejected.
To provide fur the purchase of Cooper
Reports of tie Supreme Court, for the uoo
of civil officers. After discussion, the hill
was rejected ayes 30, noes 34. A nation
was entered to reconsider.
Adjourned till 10 a. iLto-mcrrow.