A MEMORY.
BY FAUSTE I. K.ENKIBH.
Through the twilight el oar and golden.
Comes a memory sweet ami olden.
Sweet, because an essence Ungers.
All untouched by Time’s swift Ungers.
f ike a casket which discloses
L r 'ng forgotten, withered roses.
i 'ld, because the chain is broken,
I -eking ue to thoughts unspoken.
Once we stood mid soft w inds sighing,
As the summer day was dying;
With the trees around ns swaying
At our feet the water playing
With the branches o’er ns meeting;
There we stilled our heart's quick beating.
For, as from some distant Aiden,
-ime a voice with sorrow laden.
Tt a moment teemed to quiver
O'er the silver-tinted river.
Soft as stare- from Heaven falling.
O'er the river it seemed calling
fcb.vet-f as dreams from Heaven stray ins,
It is I," the voice seemed saying.
At; I know was but dreaming
Of the voice and water gleaming.
Eut, the words so sweetly spoken,
Of thee are a cacred token.
Nevermore beside the river
Will w©watch the waters quiver.
Or the clear rays ot the morning.
All to.- purpl hillt adorning.
two sweet sister, in my dreaming,
iherc I sc- the soft lights beaming
And when sleep's s ft chain hath bound me,
Then I feel tbv dear arms 'round me
Tl night seems no longer lonelv,
I hear thy footsteps only.
And 1 wa t through darkness dr-ar,.
Though ray heart Is all aweary.
Till the angels, slow descending,
Summon me to life u-'er eadiijg.
THE COLEAF.SE IN WALL STREET.
The K< a:> iitli.s; of fju Fuilurrs- \i
have \uollur I!l;uk KrliJaj !_ln.
uni me >f o' not even Looked at.
From the X. Y. Sun, nth.
Long before the opening of the Stock
Exchange yesterday, groups of brokers
were assembled in Broad and Wall
streets, eagerly discussing the situation.
1 hold one hundred and fifty shares
of Lakt Shore, gentlemen, 1 said a heavy
blonde with auburn whiskers and i
will hold it if nothing is left of Chicago
luit the sewers.”
No reply was heard, but the portal of
the Steel; Exchange was raised, and the
Sun reporter was swept in with the
crowd. Lake Shore, Northwestern,
fcommon and preferred) and Western
iron were simultaneously offered by
thirty different voice:;. A thousand
shares put Northwestern preferred on
the market at 02. It stood at 90$ on
'i uesday. Luke, shore, from 106$, was
disposed of at 93, and 200 shares ol the
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH
wore sold at 55 7-8. The blonde man
with the auburn whiskers soon became
infected with the excitement, and dis
posed of his Lake Shore.
Since the day when so many unwary
capitalistn were- wrecked an Hock island
heals, there has been no nearer ap
proach to a panic than yesterday. All
Western stocks, were affected, and
there was a general rush to sell at any
sacrifice.
Home of the brokers, in the frenzy
caused by their losses,actually swore at
Heaven for inflicting the Chicago ca
lamity, and one expressed a hope that
‘the whole d—d creation would burn
now, for he
hadn't a thing left to lose.”
Toward noon it became evident that
tin-affected stocks were not likely to
rally much during the day, and that
soiin body would have to give in.
Hankers and brokers rushed hither and
thither, trying to sell Lake Shore, Wa
bash and Northwestern at something
ine, bat tl buyej
1 heir necessity and the quotations con
tinued total!. line insurance stock
war, iUered on the stri ct, but every
body said, None forme.” At no n
THE FAILURES WERE ANNOUNCED
1 L.iinbloh -V 0., 22 N w street, bank
and 1 1 Min e, broker,
i Anthony V. 1) Van
i£i PI
warty of Mi Van Dyck’s creditors
l urried to his otfic*, followed by a Huu
t> ri A the latter entered, one of
Mr. m Dyck's friends was standing
v stemmy ki g
1" c how much per cent, he, intended to
P>-
Mr. >an Dyck said he wanted the
h‘ t 1 understand through the Sun
f :l e h and id through the rascality
ot a per-on for whom he had pur
chased
LIND shares cf lake shi re
I'D, and Ton Northwestern preferred
the purchaser having m conse
•T' oe tue general panic repudiated
the contract.
Mr. Camolos, who was President of
Mt" Gh. -urd, told the reporter that
h had rent in his resignation. Mr.
-Mu; rcc said he had nothing to sav.
Ihe Stock Exchange continued
throughout the alternoou the scene of
indescribable excitement, and when
the U or w lowered at half-past five
i- and lillc 1 the streets, thinking and
talking of the morrow. It was the
generally expressed opinion that the
worst had not yet come, and that so far
M extern stocks were concerned the
bottom of the market would fall out.
Heitor Imagined than described.
Iho reelings of a near-sighted man,
who finds he has kissed his hand to the
wrong lady.
The finding your pocket-book gone
lin t as you are about leaving a strange
iiotel, with no time to spare to reach the
cars.
1 he rapidity with which fancy stocks
decline, when you go in, and rise when
yon sell out.
i he si nsation from a lady's boot beel
(present style) when siie stepson veur
loot accidentally.
Fhe prices charged at som >f the
hotels on “the European style."
Hie skill with which the “gentleman
bai-;<eeper gives you shortchange.
ih .tmg on horseback for the first
lime in >our life.
ihe amount of vour cas and olumb
ug bills.
Ihe being asked by a person at an
ouing party, with whom you arc ac
quainted, but whose name yon cannot
recollect, to introduce him to your
friend. Miss Smuggius, who is coining
i >v. rdyou. lionto'i Comm- rcial Jivl‘
Ictin.
11. tv Thought. Mistress, who
hade me down to see about the bass
voice sue had heard in the kitchen—
Guardsman discovered! “O, you de
ceitful girl, to say there was nobody
here And after I’d given yon to dis
tinctly understand I didn’t allow fol
lowers and here you haven't been
here a week Cook —“Lauks,
m'ro. it must be one of the folorers as
Ilu last cook left be'ind her."
Tm: Bridgeport, Conn. Cartridge
C mipany has just shipped 250,000 car
idg< to the Kussian government.
THE RUIN OF CHICAGO.
Half the City in Ashes.
The Extent of the Fire -Scenes
and Incidents--Times Building
Destroyed—No Water, No
Shelter The Wealthy
Become Beggars—A
Thrilling Account.
From the hi ago Journal of Tuesday Evening,
WHAT 13 HEFT.
The only buildings left intact be
tween the river and the lake and Madi
son street are Hathaway’s coal office,
one of the Buckingham elevators, on
the lake shore, and the Land block, at
the corner of Randolph and Market.
Not a vestige of any wooden building
is left in sight, and the walls of the mu
iority of the buildings in the district
described are leveled with the ground.
In >me instances partition walls have
not altogether fallen, but rear their
pointed heads high above the surround
ing ruins.
THE STREETS
The pavements are burnt, broken
ami strewn with debris- not impassi
ble, but dusty and smoky.
MARKET STREET.
The buildings recently erected at the
corner of Madison street, and not fin
ished, is a pile of brick and mortar.
The old Transportation Company’s
wooden shed no longer distresses the
j sight on the dock—it is all burned up.
On the opposite corner lies in ruins
the old Garden City House, which the
writer saw erected twenty years ago.
j Thousands will remember the old hotel
with pleasure, mingled with regret fol
ks loss.
RANDOLPH STREEt.
Eddy’s horse market, near Market
street, is leveled, and the debris emits
the smell of burned horse-flesh. East,
the great six-story wagon manufactory
of Peter Schuttlcr, extending along
Franklin street, was brought to the
ground. Not a vestige of Peacock’s
jewelry store remains.
The great iron block on the north
west corner of Wells and Randolph
is a mass of broken columns, brick and
mortar. This building made a wreck
i>f the man who erected it, and is now
itself a dismal wreck.
Opposite lies that which was once the
Metropolitan Hotel, around the memo
ry of which lingers a history of un
usual interest the means which built
it having been stolen from the Jewelry
store of Isaac Speer some eighteen
years ago.
On the other corner, where stood *he
favorite old Briggs House, is au un
shaped mas of material, little conson
ant with the comfort, hospitality and
mirth for which that old hostelry was
ever famous.
Bleak, smoked, hollow and desolate,
upon the scene, near the walls of the
Court House—scene of many a distress
ing and exciting trial, of local legisla
tion and public business. Not only
have ttie roofs “buckled,’’ but the erg
tire structure looms up troth Where we
write n mined monument of departed
greatness. The old fence remains,with
the tessellated pavements, but the glory
of the tribunals and the Council cham
ber are things of the past.
Across the street a heap of bricks,
iron rods and shatter'd ornaments ot
stone mark I ire grave of the Fidelity
Safe Company’s magnificent structure
and the stately Sherman House. Words
are weak to express the air of desola
tion that hovers around this corner, so
recently brilliant with business and
pleasure. The skull on t!>e banquet
table could scarcely be more saddening
to a reflective mind.
Last week, high in ah, on the south
east corner, stood Miller’s jewelry gtore.
Wood’s Museum with its half n million
curiosities, and nights of tragedy and
comedy, graced the vicinity with its
fair front, beneath the Colonel’s benign
portrait; clothing for the million enticed
the way farer to stop and buy, and
vhiskey and stationery* orbiting and
engraving, made this section of Ran
o 1 pl l nli'eet a popular resort. This
morning it is a desert.
And so we could go on, down to the
ke, calling up a hundred remiuisoon
ofjold and cherished times and places.
What memories cluster around the
Matte son House, the old Garrett block,
nation home of shrill voiced But
ters. etc. Now the heart sickness as it
sees the bitter end of all these things.
LAKE STREET,
From the bridge to Uh Selin sheet.
Lake street wos built up on both sides
"ith business blocks of brick and stone,
remarkable more for their commodious
ness and convenience than beauty. All
are gone.
The Board of Education rooms; bro
kers’ offices the Northwestern Railway
i ticket office; the United States anil
American Express offices the. jewelry
i stores of Roddiu Hamlin, A Van-
Cott Cos., rtUtt others, and the dry
goods stores of J. B. Shay Cos ail
well known places of business, are as
unsightly as a neglected grave.
No building in Chicago Claims a
kinder remembrance than the old Tre
mont House'. Its broken walls and tow
ering chimney-stack speak nothing of
the elegance, sociability and comfort
(1 at always met H*p ♦ruv'eler at the
threshold and made a friend of him for
life.
From the Tremont to the Great
Union Depot is not far, but its wealth of
merchandise and stately edifices wore
known far and near throughout the
West, but the eye dims and the pulse
goes slow when the ruin of this noble
mart meets the eye. Names of firms
who did business here might be given,
but they stand engraven in the hearts
of many a country merchant, who has
profited by the courtesies of Lake fSt.
jobbers.
SOUTH SIDE.
The scene in this section of the city I
is too appalling to be dwelt upon with
other words than those which will in
the most adequate manner convey an
idea of the reality, which seems beyond
the power of tongue or pen to relate, i
The streets that are burnt over are
Madison, Monroe, Adams, Jackson, i
Van Buren, Congress, and Michigan i
avenue, where it vas checked, the
Michigan avenue hotel being saved, j
On Vabash it burned through to Har-
risen street. The last house burned j
on the cast side of Wabash avenue.
On the west side, Dr. MeChesnoy’s (the
Wabash Avenue Methodist) Church
was not burned, at the northeast corner
of Harrison and Wabash avenue. On i
State street, 356 was the last number
burned.
This was the south limit so far west at
the track of the Michigan Southern
Railroad track. The long freight
houses (in and out freight) were burned
with all their contents ears and every
thing as far f-mtli of Taylor and west of
the east track. Taylor street, the
north limit of a great lumber district
was not crossed, to the south. Thus,
in short, there is only one building
within the limits above described which
is not burned to ashes, and this seems
to have escaped through a miracle —it
is numbered 91 to 99 Harisou scrcet,or.
the corner of North avenue. The
streets which run north and south are
Michigan avenue, Wabash avenue,
State, Dearborn, Clark, LaSalle,Wells,
Sherman, Griswold and Market streets.
This section of the city contained the
glory of our architecture, and the pala
tial residences of s >me of our most
wealthy citizens, The names of indi
vidual owners cannot be given, but the
prominent business structures were the
depot of the Lake Shore, and Chicago
and Rock Island, and Pacific Kailraao,
on Van Buren, from Sherman to Gris
wold, and south to Harrison; the Paci
fic Hotel, which was ready for the roof,
and occupied a block. The Custom
House which is gutted, the heavy
whitened walls alone standing, Honore's
i blocks, finished and unfinished, on
Dearborn, from Monroe to Adams, the
Tribune baldin g the Times office, the
I Post building, the office of the Steals
Zeituug, and the numerous publica
lions. The elegant structure known as
the Lake Side Press building, on Clark,
i the Young Men’s Christian Association
library, the Republic Insurance build
j iug, Farwoll Hall, McVickcr’s Theater,
the Clifton House,the Academy of l)e-
I sign, Coan Ten Broeck’s Manufactur
ing Company's building on Adams st.,
the Palmer House, St. Mary’s, St.
Paul's Catholic Church, Universalist.
Second Presbyterian,Trinity Ej>iscopal
■Church, First Presbyterian Church,
Michigan Avenue Terrace Row, the
Chicago Club, Potter Palmer’s new ho
tel (unfinished), Robert Law’s coal
yard, Rogers Co's, coal yard, the
I largest linns of the city, the Jewish
I Synagogue, northeast corner of Fourth
avenue and Harrison street*, the New
Club on Harrison and State, the Bige
low House, on Dearborn and Adams,
which would have been opened this
week. All of the bridges over the riv
er from Madison to Twelfth streets are
burned. On the West Side the ravages
were dire, sweeping away the great
manufactories and mills, and the eleva
tor’s ot that, section lying were burned,
together with two large ice houses
section C of the warehouses alone
being saved. The apex of the held of
desolation, which is an horizontal cone,
is at the corner of UcKoven and Jeffer
son streets, and from there the burnt
track sweeps northeast, widening and
widening for a distance of some five
miles, while the distance to the lake is
almost between Jetiersou and the riv
er. East and west, and Nan Buren and
DeKoven, the first street north of
Twelfth, north and south, and from
any point, can be seen a dozen or more
tall chimneys marking the site of as
many enormous manufacturing build
ings. None of them can be named ac
curatel}'. The Chicago Dock Company’s
warehouse on Taylor street, and the
Pittsburg and Fort Wayne Railroad.
The eastern Illinois elevator stands
uninjured.
The walls of the Marine Hospital are
mostly standing.
All the bridges over the river, from
the South to the North Divisions are
gone.
A gentlemen wo saw this morning,
who bad been in Paris during the past
year, says the devastation there did
not compare with Chicago this morn
ing
Among the hundreds of buildings on
Lake street that in themselves would
have made an extensive conflagration,
not ’even the wail* of one is standing.
NORTH SIDE.
All of that portion of the city lying
between the river, east of Clark street
and west of tin* lake and as far north
as Fullerton avenue, is entirely de
stn y pi the reel'd bee- of W. B.
Ogden, corner Clark and Oak sheets,
and nearly the glass e nv ervatory, and
also three or four buildings west of
Lincoln Park. Theso few landmarks
are all that remain of find once beauti
ful part of file iiV; even the “City of
the dead the old burying ground—
was not exempt from the wages of the
fire, it being burned over, leaving the
tombstones looking most sad.
The wiml, -when the Ate 'his raging
aonlh bf Lincoln Park, was so strong
as to blow down shade trees, and at
this j oint four blocks '"-ere consumed
in twenty minutes. Ev. u the vaults
were burned in the burving-ground.
he drives in the park, instead of being
as one* a scene of pleasure-driving, are
tilled with vciiiohs carrying homeless
sufferers, and wind could be Paved from
the wreck Near the iuln'.tiofl of the
north and south branches of the river,
on the north side, there remains a few
buildings, and the ecrl .I'd of Blake,
While ho;.- Cos. The saving of the
coal yard is as much a mystery as the
lire itself. With thy foregoing excep
tions the whole district north of
the river, west of Clark street, to
Fullerton avenue north, and to Mohawk
street on the west, is one complete
scene of desolation, except one block
on Sophia street, and how this block
could escape none cdiil' l comprehend.
The northwest part of the north side,
being the outskirts of that part of the
city, remains. This, ho vever, is so
small a part as to furnish but little
house room for the sufferers.
The burned district covers about five
square miles. Two dead bodies were
found by our reporter, but many others
are reported. The general scene is one
that cannot be described—language
fails—the whole district being covered
with people searching for what is left,
and for what was buried in the earth to
keep it from the flames, as was done by
some.
A NEW DEADER.
Yesterday afternoon, when the fire
was rushing southward along Michi
gan and Wabash avenues like a race
horse, and firemen and people were
paralyzed, anew leader suddenly burst
upon the scone, tjeneral Sheridan,
fighting Phil, who can fight rebels
or flames, sprang upon a tire engine,
and made one ol those sharp, stirring
speeches for which he is noted. He
told the people that if they would save
the city the tire line must be broken
with gunpowder; the buildings must
be blown up, and if they would go to
work systematically he would assist
them. The effect was electrical. The
crowd recognizing the hero of so many
battle fields, and having faith in his
leadership, replied with long hurrahs,
and acting under the General's orders,
in a few minutes so many buildings
had been blown up that the fire line
was broken, and the southern portion
of the city was saved from destruction.
lUF. WIND.
The plan of devastation must bo ac
corded to the wind. Had it not been
for the force of that element the ravag
es would have been checked before they
became serious. Bumingcinders tilled
the air, flying half a mile in some in
stances. The extent and direction of
the fire were both determined by the
wind.
On the South Side the southern lim
it was, practically, Harrison street.—
From that it swept northward as long
as there was any thing for it to feed
upon.
Had the wind been in the opposite
direction the fire would not have ex
tended farther north than Harrison,
and might not have got below Twelfth
street, on the South Side. In that
case the business part of Chicago would
have been saved and nearly the entire
residence portion of Smith Chicago
laid in ruins. The loss of property,
considering the South Side alone,
would have been less. Then, too, the
whole North Side, and an immense
area o.i the West Side, would have been
entirely spared. The loss on the West
Side would, however, have been hea v
ier. The packing houses and elevators
would have suffered far more had the
wind blown from the north. The groat
apprehension of the day and the night
was, that having done its worst north
ward, the wind would shift and com
plete its work of desolation. Had such
a change occurred early in the after
noon of yesterday nearly the entire
city of Chicago would have been in
ruins to-day. Considering that Un
wind is very shaky, especially herea
bouts, there was good reason f>r fear
ing the worst. The wind lias subsided
now— at least it is no longer a furious
gale.
WATER.
The scarcity of water m the city is
one of the most deplorable and alarm
ing features of the situation, as in the
event of other tires, occurring in any
part of the city distant from the river
or hike, the most deplorable results
would be inevitable. For domestic
i purposes peifsslfe must sock, for some
time to come yet, their water supply
from the lakes and artesian wells. It
is most fortunate now that in ttie days
of Chicago’s prosperity so many arte
sian wells w.*re sunk, which will now
j be of inestimable value in supplying
the demands of the community. The
wells are located ns follows: The one
j in Lincoln Park, not far from the main
entrance, Kimball’s well at the termin
j tiou of Milwaukee avenue near Fuller
j tou avenue, the old well on Chicago
avenue a little west rtf Western avenue,
i One in Hombold Park.
We learn, later, that a large force of
mechanics from the NorthwesternMan
ufaeturing Company are at work on the
pumps at the Water Works, and before
many hours the city will be supplied,lay
hand power, with sufficient water for
all ordinary 7 purposes, if used with the
utmost economy.
LAWYERS.
Asa specimen of what the legal pro
fession of this city lias lost, we may
state that Gen. H. N. Eldridge, of the
firm of Eldridge and Tourtelotte, the
attorneys for Field, Leiter <V Cos., lost
all his papers, not a scrap left, after
having practiced law for fourteen years
in Chicago, and in the same office.
There is not a law office nor a law libra
ry left in Chicago, except the few
small duplicate libraries at the resi
dences of the leading lawyers. There
is not a paper showing that there is a
suit pending in any of the six courts of
record in Cook county, including the
Federal Court. There is not an indict
ment in existence in the c unty against
any one, not a judgment, not a petition
in bankruptcy in tae Federal Courts.
BANKS.
There is not a bank left in all Chica
gb, unless it be '’one little house remote
from what was the center of business.
The actual losses of the bankers cannot
be computed, even approximately, in
any one case. One thing we are au
thorized to state positively The bunk.-
will resume regular business in a few
days. It should be added that the
Union Stock Yards National Bank is
the only National Bank now in working
order in Cook county.
DISTILLERS.
The distilleries of Thomas Lynch,
Graefft.Koelle Cos., Dickinson, Leech
Cos., Keller Distilling Cd., fGrcboff’s
Shufelat’s Rectifying works woi
consumed, leaving but three in running
order.
ELEVATORS.
Five of our large elevators toll vie
thus to the flames in the great fire, but
there is a sufficient quantity of grain
in those left standing to supply all pre
sent demands.
In demand.
Offices, stores, halls, and in fnrt. any
thing in the shape of builuiugs in the
west and south divisions nearly nil are
rented.
THE DEAD.
At Union Street Station nil fs bustle
and activity, sending dead bodies to
No. 64 Milwaukee avenue to an under
taker who is employed by rite city to
take charge of them. Not less than
one hundred persons have been killed,
it is thought that the number of
bodies will yet Jar exceed this.
One case occurred of whore a thief
was killed by the pistol There are
rumors of more cases of this sort, but
this is the only one of which the police
have cognizance.
The charred remains ot a young man
was found on the northeast corner of
Randolph and Clark streets. From
appearances, he had fallen through I lie
aidewalk.
On Fifth Avenue, between Adams
and Jackson, are the corpses of a man
and woman, who perished.
Seven men fell in with the roof of the
building on corner of Clark and Mad
son.
At 7:15 yesterday morning officer Hil
lard, of the West Side police force,
found the charred remains of a man
supposed to be that of Mr, Jake Wolf, ly
ing in the cellar of a burned building
on the corner of Clinton and Harrison
streets. The remains were placed in a
coffin and taken to the West Side Sta
tion, where the Coroner held auinquest
during the morning, resulting in aver
diet of accidental death from burning.
The remains of a Mrs. Davlin were
found on Sunday morning in the street
infrontof No. 47 West Jackson street.
The steam fire engines Long John
and A. C. Coventry were caught among
the burning buildings yesterday, on the
West Side, and burned.
Mr. John Fowler, the driver of the
Tempest hose-cart, has been missing
since 10 o'clock on Sunday night.
An old man jumped from a third
story window on Dearborn street. He
was picked up and placed in a wagon
and sent to the county hospital, but
died on the way thither.
Washing Fluid.
Five pounds of sal soda; one pound
of borax one half pound of unslacked
lime, must be fresh four ounces of
salts of tartar three ounces of liquid
ammonia. Pour one gallon of boiling
water upon the soda and borax, when
it is dissolved and has cooled, add the
the ammonia and salts of tartar. Slack
the lime in one gallon of hot water,
and let it stand till entirely settled
when the clear fluid must be carefully
poured off. Turn it upon the solution
of soda and borax, and add to the mix
ture eight gallons of cold water. Put
the clothes to soak the night before
washing day, with six tablesjioonfuls of
this fluid to a tub full of clothes.
Pressing's Celebrated White Wine
Mnegar will keep pickles. Ask for it.
THE STRASBOURG CATHEDRAL.
An Aucciit to the Top of the Spire.
Correspondence of tte Y. Evening Post.
My vaulting ambition took
me to the very top, and came near i
leaving me up there. The journey up
the staircase, through tin; square part'
of the tower, was only fatiguing with-!
out being in the least degree danger
ous, and it afforded an excellent oppor*
tunity for observing the apparently frail
character of the structure, through
whose work interstices the wind
blew fiercely. The exquisite carving
and decoration up here is seen by but
very few, yet is elaborate, and as beau
tiful as any in the lower part of the
church.
At last 1 came to the balcony where
two Hags —the black and white of Prus
sia, and the tricolor of Germany—had
been Hung to the breeze immediately
after the Prussian occupation of the
city. The breeze had not received
these banners very kindly, but had re
duced them to long, stringy tatters, so
that from below they looked like
bunches of preposterous shoe-strings,
very uncomfortable and very much out
of place.
At this point begins the inclination
of the spire, which appears from the
platform below to be a series of steps
loading to the top of an elongated py
ramid, while from the street, it looks
like a number of tiny projections orna
menting u'rather short steeple. Those
apparent steps or projections, are, how
ever, each as large as an ordinary man,
and the little staircase winds in and
blow over in the very next blast of
wind. Yet, at such a moment, you Tire
asked to stick out one foot in the direc
tion of the Rhine, and then land it on
a point of stone about on a level with
your IV ivhead; to bring the other foot
somewhere else, and to clutch hold
with both hands of something which
the guide says is just above you; and
.til tills <m the outside of the highest
spire in existence, with the wind blow
ing like mad, the whole world many
miles below your feet, and comfortable
people on safe sidewalks looking at you
through opera glasses!
Win u it is nil done, according to
Hoyle, you find yourself on a narrow
ledge protected by a low stone balu
strade. The houses of the city of Stras
burg lie clustered about the base of the
cathedral, with their roofs dotted with
innumerable dormor windows, the burnt
district presenting a hideous gap in the
fair symmetry of the town, and the ruins
of the theatre, museum, prefecture and
library conspicuous for their extent and
desolation. On three sides stretches
the vast flat Alsatian plain, and on the
fourth lies the Dutchey ot Baden—
Quite near art the two villages between
which the Prussians planted their most
destructive batteries, and far beyond
lies France which a year ago claimed
Strasbourg as her own.
about them in a manner which,however,
ingenious, is by no means re fisSuring
to the nervous. By a felicitous archi
tectural arrangement, a pei'son in
mounting t!os staircase is at one step
inside the spire and at the next step
outside of it, with the great round
globe itself seemingly several miles be
low. All y would probably not be per
turbed iu this position and creatures
Quasimodo who had long practiced on
the precipitous towels of Xotre Dame,
might r v cn feel *1 ease
J have heard it said that individuals
in such an elevated sphere of duty as
this have often felt almost irresistible
yearnings to let go their hold, launch
out into Space, and fling themselves
down to earth. Bueh, J can conscien
tiously say, was not ray experience.—
On the contrary, I felt an utterly irre
sistible inclination to cling to the
steeple itself, and to avoid, as far as
possible; any topographical observa
tionsof the earth beneath; what time
my blood was frozen in my veins by the
horrible antics of the guide, who hop
ped up it, spire from projection to pro
jection, like an agile fowl, without any
apparent appreciation of the awful pos
sibilities contained in the law of gravi
tation.
To got upon the fln** l narrow balcony
which encircles flic steeple just b’tlow
its top (and from the street looks only
like a graceful little ornament), ouehas
(o take a step which requires the faith
o r Abraham himself. The spire up
hero has grown so small that von can
almost put your arms around it, while
it seems absolutely certain that it must
In descending the spire there is a
variety in the nature of the sensations
aroused, (’limbing up you can cling
to the ston work. Coming down you
seem at every step to be about launch
ing yourself into space. You feel ns if
in your own person you were exempli
fying by some inconceivable uncom
fort 'bl proi*>ss fho theory M centrifu
gal force, and once down to earth again
the thought how sweet it is to grovel
here below suffuses your countenance
with a grateful glow of loving appreci
ation.
A Startling Railroad Adventure.
Parties who arrived at Terre Haute
hist week on the Evansville and Craw
foi dsville railroad, had quite an adven
turous hdf. Wh n n the train was mid
way between Decker and Fui'cMl eta
tions it was met by the most tremen
dous hail-storm. Such was its force
that the engineer was obliged to stop
the train. Hail stones three inches in
diameter ratth and down upon the coach
es, knocking the window lights from
the cab, and demoralizing the head
light of the engine. The engineer and
fireman wore obliged to seek refuge by
hugging close to the machin
ery. The storm, though severe,
wav} of brief duration, and when it had
stopped, the train moved on. When
nearing Sullivan, the engineer discov
ered a brilliant light ahead, which was
caused by the burning of thirty cords
of wood which was lying close to the
track. The train backed down to a
station three miles away, and then re
turned to the scene of the conflagra
tion with a gang of section men who at
once set to work to extinguish the
flames. The engineer then backed his
train away from the scene some dis
tance, and after the door ami blinds of
the windows had been carefully closed,
he let on a full head of steam and went
past the tire at a speed of fifty miles
an hour, the heat being so intense as
to scorch the sides of the coaches as
they passed, even at that high rate of
flpeed.
A correspondent of a scientific paper
•says: “I once had occasion to ex
amine the bottom of a mill pond. I
constructed a float out of inch plank,
I sufficient to buoy me up; through the
center of this float I cut a hole and
placed a blanket over it, when I was en
abled to eleaily discover objects on the
bottom. lam satisfied that, where wa
ter is sufficiently clear, this plan can be
'successfully used for starching for lost
bodies and articles. I would suggest
that this experiment be tried on the
sea for I am satisfied that, in a ship
like the Great Eastern, where an obser
vatory could bo placed at the bottom,
with sufficient darkness, by the aid of
glasses we could gaze down into the
depths of the sea, just as we new survey
i the starry heavens at midnight,’
A Palace Sleeping C ar Blown Up.
A Pullman palace sleeping ear was
blown up while standing on the track
at the west end of the Central Railroad
Depot in Detroit, about five o’clock, p.
m., Friday, The Free Press gives the
particulars thus:
The Crescent,’ like all cars of the
kind, is heated by steam, there being a
furnace and boiler situated in the cen
ter of the car. About half past four
o’clock, the conductor of the car, which
was to run out in the evening train,
went in, saw that the boiler was in or
der, and then started a fire, stretching
himself out on the cushion after ho had
done so. Whether there was a
lack of water in the boiler,
or whether it generated more
steam than it could bear, is nut known,
but it suddenly exploded. The boiler
was blown through the roof of the car,
shivering the timbers and ceiling for a
distance each way. Portions of the
car were blown out, and the conductor
was pitched out on to the gravel so
hurriedly that he had no time for in
quiries. Hot water was thrown every
where, enough striking the man to
make him feel lively for half an hour,
and the bed-clothing and cushions were
considerably injured by both water and
the fragments of the boiler. A piece
of the boiler went through the side ot
the ear close to the conductor's head.
The damage to the coach "ill reach
several hundred dollars.
A Lost Hirer.”
A leading article in a late number of
the St. Paul Press, gives the following
mournful account of the condition of
things at the “head of navigation
The Mississippi has almost dried up.
The majestic river, whose magnificent
volume two thousand miles from its
outlet, has been the theme of the tour
ist's admiration; so broad and deep
that it seemed some grand estuary of
the sea mi which the navies of the world
might ride has shrunk to a mere rid
iculous creek, and its thin and attenu
ated current crawls lazily, as if it wore
ashamed of its shanks, among
low, red, bare, and submarine
ridges and beaches of sand that have
hefer peen the sun before, so far as hu
man knowledge gue'q since God separa
ted the waters from the dryland The
water lias never been so low within the
memory of the oldest inhabitant, i
Herds of cattle bask in the sunshine on
the dry bed of the great river ten or
fifteen feet under the level of the waters i
where a few months ago great lleetof
steamboats rode at will. Boys with
their trousers rolled up to their knees j
sound with their feet the grand myste
rious depths which have engulfed so:
many wayward boys and hapless men
whom accidents or rashness has en
tantrled in the strong, swift undertow
lalucatiOl! Russia.
The Russian government evinces a
praiseworthy desire t< raise the educa
tional status ol its empire, which, to
judge fr°m the statistics published by
the Board of Education, recently ap
pointed, seems sadly needed. The
number of persons enjoying school ed
ucatiou amounts, in Siberia, to one in
664 in tim south-western provinces
Kietf, Podolia, and Volhyiiia—to one
in 532;’in the three old ItusHau provin
ces possessing no school boards, to one
in 471 in the thirty-five old Russian
provinces possessing school boards, to
one in 168; in the kingdom of Poland,
to one in 31 and in the
Baltic pidvihces, to be one in every 19
inhabitants. The difference in the
several provinces is greater thin any
one not acquainted with Russia" bfo
would have anticipated. The superior
ity of the w est over the cast is more
considerable still than the above fig
ures would lead one to believe, for a
great falling ofi' in school attendance
has I cor* observed since the carrying
out of the Imperial "kase prescribing
the exclusive use of Bussiaii the
language for teaching. Especially m
Lithuania, the rural population dis
covers great aversion to tlie Russian
ized schools.— i\'' n Ifnff (vazr-ttr.
A Sensation Story Spoiled.
The story that a sou of Aaron Burr by
a quondam belie of Washington firrx
1809 resided out ur 'muo where under
his mothers name, and had bee" lately
interviewed by some enterprising re
porter with result of an expression of
immense disgust on the old gentleman's
part for the injury done his maternal
by his paternal prog' id*<•*. is rudely
punctured by a San Francisco f-h‘dg
rind. This man of facts and figures
shows that in 1809, when Vice-President
Burr is alleged to have ruined the bean
ty in Washington, lie was neither Vice-
President nor in Washington, his term
having expired in 1805. and he being j
in Euf'Ope four years after. Further
still, saith Oradgrind, being not cou
eoutent with this one vindication, it is
unfair to allege the Hamilton duel
against Burr. Both v: or*- military men
both believed in the code o'f honor,
“and if,” said Gradgrind, Burr had
failed rvtead of Hamilton who then
would have been the slave; and mur
derer?
The Sage Hu*!! Lands.
It i said that the sage bush lauds of
Nevada, y/birb have been popularly
supposed to be worthless* for agrieultli
ra! purposes, have all the elements of
fertility, and that in the valleys of that
state lands which but a few months
apo were covered with a heavy growth
of sage bush have this season yielded
magnificent crops of clover, timothy,
and alfalfa hay. The Kono Journal
says that the cereals yield on these
lands quite as much per acre as the
richest California soil gives; while the
vegetables grown in Nevada are far su
perior in every respect to those raised
in California. Shade and ornamental
trees of the kinds in common use
thrive there; but the culture of fruit
trees is not entirely successful, though
the raising of fruit cannot be consid
ered a failure.
Encroachments l.'pon England.
It is an old story that an American
in England is afraid to get out of bed
in the morning lest he should step off
the little island and fall into the sea
but if the encroachments of the sea are
not stopped by means of a wall or
something of the kind, the old story
will one day turn out to be no story,
but melancholy fact. H. Strickland
j Constable writes to the Times to com
j plain that Auburn village, the property
l of his father. Sir George Cholmley. is
now one or two hundred yards out at
sea, nothing having been preserved
I from it but one of the village church
bells. If the sea carries oil people's
1 property in that fashion, it is no wou
der that Mr. Disraeli describes it as the
I “melancholy ocean.”
Evening callers, this season, must
i get used to the rule ex early coming
i and early going. Several prominent
young ladies in New York have formed
j an early closing protective association.
They admit no one later than 9 o’clock,
and send every one off by 10. They
say, W hen we’re out almost every
night dancing till all hours, we want
to get some rest when we get home. 5
Miscellaneous Items.
Henry C. Jaitkett is going to Europe
for the winter.
Tue war damaged ti e French rail
ways $16,000,000.
Autjany ladies in the first circles
smoke furtive cigarettes.
Kick birds are seriously damaging
the rice crops of North Carolina.
The Colorado narrow-gauge railroad
achieves thirty miles an hour, easy.
A single firm of furniture manufac
turers in Vienna employ over 4,000
workmen.
Seven women have entire charge of
ns many lighthouses on the Atlantic
const.
A German chemist says that a man
would die in 22 days if forced to live on
broad alouc.
A Massachusetts psychologist has
mesmerized an inebriate out of his ap
petite for liquor.
Aeter the ineffectual application of
five pounds of chloroform, a horse died
in lowa, raging mad.
The Worcester Silk Company has
received an invoice of 3,000 pounds of
silk direct from China.
M. Thiers has had his salary increas
ed to $120,000 a year, together with
832,500 for contingencies.
About four hundred and sixty tnr
keys were driven sixteen miles to
market by a Pennsylvanian.
The. brewers of Vienna and neighi?® l
hood manufactured 300,275 barrels pf
lager-beer during the month of July.
The maximum sum under the money
order treaty with England is fixed at.
ten pounds sterling, or SSO when issued
in this country.
The largest cotton mill in the world
will commence operations in Norwich,
Conn., in a few weeks. Its capacity is
110,000 spindles.
Ole Bull continues seriously ill in
Maine, and Iris friends fear that he
may not recover, owing to his age and
his impaired constitution.
Any hard steel tool, says the Boston
Journal of Chemistry, will cut glass
with facility when kept freely wet with
camphor dissolved in turpentine.
Claparede, the French Swiss natur
alist. who, apropos of Darwin, said
4 ‘he had rather be a perfected mon
key than a degenerate Adam,” is dead.
A little girl of 13, in Illinois, has
been presented by her father with a
small patch of 7,000 aero;-, in a corner
of his back yard, to play at gardening
in.
A Miss Nichols, of Plaistow, N. H.,
has been presented with an elegant
gold watch and chain, as a recognition
of the fact that she is a model Chris
tian woman."
The Scientific American states that
thousands of pounds of butter are daily
sold in the city of New York, which are
adulterated with a substance made from
cotton seed oil.
Lucy Ames, a fragile damsel of
Washington Territory, is seventeen
years old, only weighs four hundred
pounds, and measures sixty four inches
around the shoulders.
“The little Mortara boy;” about
wiiom Edmund About made such fun,
seems to have turned out badly. He is
now under arrest on the charge of mur
dering one of his servants.
The newest word out is itzecuintepo
izoth, and it means in English a man
who can’t take a joke, and “gets his
back up at the merest tnfie. Its
Mexican definition is a hunchback dog.
They have Maiden Assi Vi iliiCC Com
panies in Denmark. A father may de
posit any sum at the birth of a daugh
ter, and the child receives during her
minority four per cent, annually; at
eighteen she comes into a higher in
come, which is increased at sti ‘*-d pe
riods through life.
The most extrusive preparath have
brcit roude for observing the coming
total eclipso of ih sun in Deeeinlier.—
Lockyer and Jan sen will both be on
the ground, with a number of other ex
cellent observers. A complete set of
In* (vnmeiits have been already sent to
Australia from England.
A man recently came to lus death iu
a curious manner at Venice, Italy. Ho
-viic standing near a bronze automaton,
which toiled the time of day, with his
head between the b 11 and hammer.—
The hour came around without his no
tice the automaton struck one, and
knocked his brains out.
A minister asked a little boy who
had been converted, “Does not the
devil tell you that you are not a Christ
ian V “Yes, sometimes.” “Well,
what do you say to him?” “1 tell
him,” replied the boy, with something
of Luther's spirit, that whether lam
a Christianoi uot.it is none of hk bus
iness.”
A maiden lady of a certain age ac
counts for the augmenting redness of
her nose by asserting that it is caused
by the reflection from the red brick
house opposite which glares savagely
iu at the window where she embroiders.
Stic lias a spiteful nephew who thinks
it may be traced to “something in her
tea.
The Connecticut oyster dealers have
entered into a combination to put up
the wholesale price of the bivalves 30
cents per gallon, binding themselves in
SI,OOO bonds to live up to the agree
ment. Ihe advance applies only to
the New England States, so that the
Fairhaven men will continue to sell to
New Yorkers and other outside bar
barians at the old price.
A fac-simile of the London Gazette
of 1660 has been published in London.
It contains a full account of the great
conflagration in that city from Septem
ber 3 to 10, 1666, when 13,200 dwelling
houses, 87 churches, 6 chapels, 4
bridges, 3 city gates, the Exchange
building. Custom House, Newgate
prison, and Guildhall were all de
stroyed.
The Mont Ceuis tunnel having be
come so positive a fact, the French are
figuring on the cost and practicability
iof a railroad irom Baris to Pekin. The
project includes the tunneling of the
Balkan mountains, building a bridge
across the li llespont, and undermining
the Himalayas. The cost of the sub
terranean work alone is estimated at
about $45,000,000.
A Madrid correspondent writes that
bull-fighters m Spain are growing so
scarce that there is much difficulty in
procuring them for the exhibitions of
that city, Granada and Seville, Prices
have been largely advanced for picadors
and matadors; but still the supply is
altogether inadequate to the demand,
which may be considered anew twi
dence that the brutal sport is declining.
The French expedition to the North
Pole with the Boreal is about to bo
carried out in spite of Captain Lam
bert's death. It would indeed be a
touching sight for gods and men if the
commanders of the Boreal and Polaris
should meet in harmonious discovery
in the long coveted bull’s eye of the
little Arctic circle aad celebrate their
triumphs by a grand feast on whale's
I blubber and sea biscuit.