CLOTHING, m-
UNION AND AMERICAN.
GoLDw&sweak in New, SWf5
-L Mt. 1 H.W J
long time past. The closing quotation was
Tennessee Bonds closed in New York
last effing at botfi jlsuffi J j
Ccrrox is in fair request In New York
and the market firm at an aSSaggyg Against Grant.
for middling.
Tjie Hartsville Vi'lettc says: Jones, Pur
Tis',Go., have been 'elected bytbe'Eegrs
laej''lbers for tne'State,hui
reluune ihe chanrmade .aeainst tnem bv
Radicalism. and.Lh& same, tima tot n?
'i:. '3 1
wortlTn a. v or jam :ii
rwmrwr'
Hi UlAa A.
tff m. v? rfl
Hoosier Ku-Klnx Still on the Rampage!

Indianapolis, Nov. 19. A mob last
night, at BrookviUe, Indiai.-forcgdthe,
jail and attempted V tike "Cheek, the mur
derer'of His'fatlier-in-law; at Wwrehceliurg,
in this State, about a year since, therefrom,
with the supposed intention of lynching
bim. J J I
CheeEknbcked the first man in the cell
dowii,taUngtlIs7voljerfroxnltnj and de
fended hlmsclfbravely." Many ol the mob
were hurt. jja
The jailor In tLe in cantimo 'escaped and.
rang the fire alarm, Twinging some" citizens tort
Iiis aid, whereupon we moD scauerea ana
many were recognized. Cheek has -been
grauted a now trial, 'and it is feared his sen
tence may be light, or be dismissed.
Toting O'Connor ofTexns.
Indian apoo 6, Nov. 20. The daily Sen
tinel (Democratic) of to-morrow will con
tain a speech delivered by Hon. John C.
O'Conner, Member of Congress elect from
Texas, delivered in response to a welcome
address and reception given him at his old
home in Noblcsville, Indiana, in which he
shows the manner and mode of conducting
the recent election in Texas.
I.O.O. F.
The Grand Lodge of I. O. O. F. of Indi
ana will convene in annual communication
inthis city tc-morrow. TrederickD. Stew
art, Grand Sire of the Grand Lodge "of the
Unitcd'States, Milton Herndon, Past Depu
ty Grand Sire, and Schuyler Colfax, Past
Grand Kepresentative, arrived to-day, and
will be in attendance.
CONGREGATIONAL.
TVorlt In the South.
OiiEnLiN, O., Nov. 20. Short addresses
upon the condition of Congregational work
in the South, the work of Southern colleges
and the need of more such institutions and
good work of the American Missionary
Association in the South, were delivered.
Resolutions presented, in connection
with which these remarks were made, were
voted on and adopted.
Churches in Common.
The report on church building, etc, elic
ited a resolution, which was adopted, pro
viding for the appointment of a committee
of seven to investigate into the possibility
of .the co-operation of benevolent organiza
tions and different denominations, in order
to reduce the general expenses and increase
the facilities for the accomplishment of the
common work of all.
CINCINNATI.
Instructive Collision Two Engine
Wrecked Miraculous Escapes.
Cincinnati, Nov. 20. A collision be
tween two freight trains occurred on the
Ohio and Mississippi Iiailroad, one mile this
side of Osgood, Indiana, on Saturday, com
pletely destroying quite a number of cars
laden partly with live stock, and wrecking
the two engines. All the employees saved
themselves by jumping from the trains pre
vious to the collision. The only serious in
jury sustained was by an engineer who
had his arm broken.
Thirteenth Victim of a Scaffold Bridge
Charles Williams fell from the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge Saturday, fracturing
a thigh and sustaining other serious injuries.
This makes the thirteenth fall since the
commencement of tliat work.
PITTSBURGIL
A Dangerous Lunatic.
PrrrsnuKa, Nov. 20 J. II. Robinson of
New Tork city, who attempted to assassinate
Jno. W. Hittock, of the Etening Leader on
Friday evening, assigns no motive for the
act. His counsel claim that the man is
insane.
ON THE LAKES.
Damaged Vessels.
Fort Colboene, Ont., Nov. 20. Schoon
er Advance from Chicago for Ogdensburg,
lias arrived in thh port. During the storm
she had to cut away her masts. The cargo
is damaged and vessel leaking.
Owen Sound, Ont-, Nov. 20. The
crew of the schooner Good Hunter have
arrived here. The vessel was driven ashore
near Cabot's Head, after thcktug Prince
Alfred liad cut her adrift to save herself.
1.1st of Unmnllablo Letters
In the Postoffice, Monday, Nov. 20, 1871.
Persons claiming these letters will call at
the stamp window. Those not claimen will
be forwarded to the Dead Letter Office,
Washington, D. C, Nov. 27, 1871
INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED.
James Johnson, Goodlettsville, Tenn.;
Wm. Martin, Memphis, Tenn,; Wm. E.
Curd, Louisville, Ky., Jackson Holland,
Louisvillle, Ky.; Wm. Notre Dame, Ind.
LETTEES DEPOSITED WITnOUT BEING
STAMPED.
Wm. Moore, city; Thos. nawkins, City;
G.aWard, City; Maggie Mcairy, City A.
Hodge, Columbia, Tenn.; Mrs. A. Sailor,
Memphis, Tenn.; Mrs. Ma Campbell, Jef
ferson, Texas J Miss Ella Uaird, Adairsville,
TTr S. r. Tavlor. Cincinnati, Ohio M.
Nathan. Cincinnati, Ohio. Cath. D. Brann,
Waynesboro, Ohio; Miss G.Brooks, iSew
Tork City; Hoovey Co., Boston, Mass.
ILLI.OALI.Y STAMPED.
.Tas. Forcerv, city; Owen Moore,
Plarksville. Tenn.; Mrs. B. B. Aaron,
Bradeiis Sta., Tenn.; Ed Thomas, Mem
phis, Tenn.; G. W. Preston, Rittle Rock,
-pa rnrkrill. Florence. Ala.; Ennly
DillarJ, Stevenson, Ala.; Thos. Rutling,
nwiin. O.: Cant. Wra. Bell, New lork
City. Also, one letter stamped but unad
dressed. Wm. F. Phosser,
Postmaster.
A. SCOTCH ENTOMOLOGIST AND HIS
GUEST.
There U a story, perhaps forgotten by all
but men who were students at a certain
college nearly thirty years ago, of an en
vthuiiiastic professor of entomology, not eel-
ebralcu 1 or J 113 exercise ui iiuajiMj
was so delishted at the arrival of an emi
nent pursuer of insects that he invited him
to board and bed in his chambers, ext
morning Dr. McFly greeted his guest: "And
how did ye sleep the nicht, Mester Beehe
rnotith?"
"Not very well. A strange bed, perhaps,
But"
"Ah!" quoth the Doctor eagerly, "ye
were just bitten by something, eh
"Well, to tell you the truth, Doctor, I
was."
"Just think of that 1 Bitten, were ye?
Now can vc say it was anything noteworthy
that bit you? peculiar, eh V
"Fleas, 1 think. But such chaps for biting
I never saw in my life."
"I should think so, indeed" (with great
glee); "Uiey'rc Sicilian fleas. I imported
than mgif" t m t
t,,v nffurf. to cut or untie the Gordian
knot of red tape which secures the doors of
the Edinburgh university aiamsi, women
i ,!ifinir Mm entire Kinsdoni. Several
ladies have already passed successful ex
aminations, but at the October "exam"
l-ii.K. .ikorfcil. and crammed, ana
spent any amount of midnight oil in the en-
deavor to get themselves up lor tne exanu-
nation, only to bo informed, on the day
nreceaing iu "no
that the Medical Faculty had decided not to
admit them to the examination. Like true
women of business they forthwith set the IawJ
vers upon theTaadty, and injunctions and
other things are now issuing in a lively
manner, with the prospect of a success for
the ladies.
JSSJAJLJSHED MARCH
AdrIlMT9&

New Yobk, Nov. '20. A dispatch from
AYMMngtonttoWranisajithat the
Bepubllcanoppo'aenUtoftie President, will,
.bold a meeting probably aUB jiroUurg m
the sjuunst., waire, fsKjps uciun r
VY1i"".'?YV il t
ABcucflccntdOTernmcnt!
f Port Huron, Mich., declining-to-grant free
J ,11' of goods purpliased in Canada for the
Ofctrreni lv the ccntsfireSiiaiMichigan.
The Department has a letter of the 13th of
.uctODer,Tinuenvnicn a retjuusb 1 cu
made allowing free entry to .articies.con
"ritinf oil' fnr tfi VeHrf of thfei CHicaco' suffe'r-
j.cs'r-a i.v-. ris
ers, wmcu uas oeen niuuiueu, uuu uauura
tmiv blankets ana articles 01 cioming are w
bo.ooutributed-for tbo relief.of .sufferers in
f Chicago, Mfdiigan and Wisconsin; the priv-
il'-U Dili J CJktCUULUJ
Tbe SBlts of Bankrupts.
The Snnreme Court decided that in sum-
taaryprocee'diugs of. bankruptcy,. .theBank
ruptcy Court is without authority to adjudi.
cate suits involvfditfcQntrpvirsy, but should
putthe parties contestant to their remedies
a law or in equity.
Further Bcports about the H-KInx
4 'Speclal.'.to the Cincinnati Gazette.
TliCoMTionalSubCommltteei'cOm-
nosed of Bavard. Scofield and Maynard, re
turned to Washington: to-day. The com
mittee report that tncy nave invesugaieu
Georgia and Florida, and have found that
the Ku-Klux organization has an active ex
istence in those States, but not to that ex
tent which wonld justify interference on the
part of the Federal troops, or require that
the writ of habeas corpus be suspended.
The committee do not speak sanguinely of
the Southern financial prospects, so far as
the local governments of these States are
concerned, but did not make any particular
inquiries in this direction, as this labor more
properly belonged to another sub-commit
tee.
NEW I0KK.
Resignation of "Honest Tom" Murphy.
Washington. D. C, Nov. 20. Chester
A. Arthur was appointed this afternoon
Collector of New York, vice Murphy re
signed.
TSEW 10BK, JNOV. ZU. Jir. .arumr, wuu
succeeds Collector Murphy, is the tatter's
friend. A good while since Murphy said
that Arthur would be his successor when
he retired.
Correspondence.
Washington, Nov. 20. The following
is the correspondence Deiween iTesiuem
Grant and Mumhv on the resignation of the
latter as Collector of the port of New York:
Customhouse, iNeio lork; collectors
OMde. Kov. 1& 1871 To the President. I
hereby tender my resignation of the office
of Collector of the Tort of New York, to
take effect upon the. appointment of a suc
cessor. You are aware tliat during the
period I have held tliis important trust, and
because 1 have neiuii xnave oeen suojecieu
to persecutions, which for persistent misre
presentations and unrelenting vindictive
ness liavc fortunately but few parallels in
tne liistory of political strife. Throughout
this somewhat trying ordeal I have been
sustained, however, by the consciousness of
my own rectitude, and by the fact that
during my official term I have enjoyed unin
terruptedly, and still retain your confidence,
unuimmisneu uy tne vituperation oi mv
accusers. For the manner in which the
duties of the office have been performed I
take pleasure In referring to the judgment
of my official superior, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and to the figures of record at
the Treasury Department, wliich show how
the revenue lias been collected and with
what diminished per centage of cost. Un
less vour attention has been called to this
record I beg you will refer to it. Ground
less as the assertions cast on me are, and
fully as they have been refuted before
more than one tribunal, 1 am conscious that
my continuance in office will be made a pre
text and occasion forassaults calculated to in
jure you and the Republican party; and rather
than incur sucn nazaru x wouiu reucquisu
my position, even had it been coveted,
which you know it was not. When ap
pointed,! believed I could render service by
accepting the place now 1 believe l can
render service uy resigning it, aim i giaui
embrace the opportunity in severing my
official relations with the government. Un
der these circumstances, I may also properly
refer to the gratifying result of the recent
election in this State, which leaves the con
trol of its affairs substantially in the liands
of that great party of progress and reform,
of which you are the acknowledged head,
and for the success of which it will ever be
my pride and duty to labor.
With high respect, I am your obedient
servant, Thomas Mukphy.
Execut he Mansion, Washington, J). C,
Kot. 20. To Thos. Murphy, Collector of
the port of New York Dear Sir: Your
letter of the lStb.tendering your resignation
of the office of Collector of the port of New
York, with the reasons therefor.is received.
It gives me great pleasure to bear testimony
to the efficiency, honesty and zeal with
wliich you have administered the office, so
long as it has been entrusted to your keep
ing. Your own peace of mind, no doubt,
will be enhanced by leaving the office of
Collector, but I doubt whether such a
course will, in any sense, be a benefit to
the public sen-ice. Under your administra
tion the revenues from the New York Cus
tom Uouse have been largely in
creased, and the cost of collection in
proportion to the amount collected has been
greatly diminished. This is shown by the
records by the Treasury Department.
You have had my unqualified confidence
ever since you entered the office of Collec
tor. You had that confidence before, or the
appointment would not liave been tendered
you. That conOdcnce is still unshaken, and
in accepting I desire to give you the fullest
assurance of this fact whether you remain
in or out of office, time will convince a
just public of your innocence of the charges
brought against you.
With great respect, your obedient ser
vant. U. S. Grant.
Shortly after the President wrote the above
lptlnrhfiannointed Chester A. Arthur as
successor of Murphy. The Commission of
Mr. Arthur was during the morning pre
pared at the Treasury department, and will
without delay oc iorwarueu to ic iom.
Pnnr ill chard Retires.
New Youk. Nov. 20. Richard B. Con-
nnllu lias resigned the Comptrollership.
Andrew H. Green has been appointed in his
P1?-
Tne letter oi resignation oi vomjiuoiiui
Connolly was placed in tue nanus oi m.
Hovemeyer Oct. ft.
Hull Surrenders.
Tlie Etenina l'ost says it is assured tliat
Mavor Hall's course, as shown in the apoint
mnnt of Green as Comptroller, and other
acta indicates that he has resolved to sur
render entirely to tha reform movement
and to appoint to all vacancies men heartily
approved by leaumg ncionnurs.
tmh1 Goon Unwltint of Justice.
vinr VmiK. Kov. 20.' The Tribune, to
morrow, will liave a statement that Chas.
ivr-znr is of the opinion that through a
flaw in the indictment Tweed will escape
?,f!!V.rawMninr iVnvInld by Jfccroes,
nop r a Riss. nf Brooklyn. ex-Chaplain
of the United States army, was waylaid last
night by two negroes, who drew knives and
demanded money or life. The old man de-
foii.ipil liimsdf with a stout cane and suc
ceeded in driving off his assailants after
having crippled one of them by a blow with
ms sues.
'I hi. nt iminl Ljilvor l'nrt v.
The President and Executive Committae
of the National Labor Union publish a card
to the effect that the call made for a conven.
tion at Washington, Dec 5, is the work of
a self constituted committee, and has not
the sanction of tlie national Union or La-
Keform ,,arly.
lhe regularly called
j ion Vin meet the third Wednesday
n F(jbnl 1&7o( at ciounibus, Ohio,
Vreiitlcrbilt'H 3fantrni.
Another maw was killed to-day at Van
derbnt's new depot on 42d street.
Smallpox.
Twenty-three additional cases of small
pox have been reported since Saturday
noon.
Arrival- and -Reception of the Grind
AAff Soke. f
New Yobk, Nov. 19 Early this morn
ing the RussianHfrigate Svellaha arrived
safely offthe light ship,with the Grand Duke
Alexis on board. She experienced .strong
headwinds and.Tieavy -seas nearly the whole
passage. The officers on duty rrutde.Imme
diate inquiry1 if the: other vessels 6f the
Russian fleet 'had yet' reached port,and when
informed that they had, immediately com
municated the intellicen'ce to those on
board the Svetlana. A loud, cheer spon tes
tified that the news -of the safety of their
companions, had reached the ears of the
Crew of the flagship.
The Russian.rigate'Svetlana entered the
lower bay at noon, attended by tlie revenue
cutter Northerner. Approaching the
American squadron at Horseshoe,- the speci
fied national salute of twenty-onemms was
fired, which was responded to' by the Con
gress, Severn, Iroquois and Kansas, each
vessel dipping its colors as-Tshe passed to her
Anchorage.
The Grand Duke appeared on deck, 'and
bowed repeatedly to the salutes of the
American officers. Admiral Rowan was re
ceived with all honors on Svetlana,- frigate.
The storm caught tlie vessel off.HatteraSi
on the 10th, which lasted untd Friday
nicht, when an observation showed her
.forty miles off Cape May. A pilot .was
The vessel received no damage, and did not
ship a sea.
Alexis was dressed in a simple uiiiform
suit, ne is tall, strongly built and has the
air of a gentleman. He has a clear com
plexion, light hair and whiskers, blue eyes,
and speaks English quite fluently, but ap
pears to prefer French.
The Russian Minister, Catacazy, passed
the afternoon, on the frigate as the guest of
the Duke.
Collector Murphy, Henry Clews, and
other gentlemen will proceed to the frigate
at 9 a. in. to-morrow in a revenue cutter.
The Grand Duke will be serenaded to
morrow evening by the Ninth Rerfraent
Band.
j President Grant has been officially in
formed by telegraph of his arrival by Ad
miral Rowan.
The reception of tlie Grand Duke Alexis
will take place to-morrow, unless the
weather is stormy.
ew l ouK, .Nov. 20. Upon the recep
tion steamer Powell reaching tlie lower bay
this morning, the Grand Duke upon being
consulted upon the subject decided to come
to this city. He accordingly embarked on
the Powell, when the American and Rus
sian fleets proceeded up the bay, arriving
off the battery at two o'clock. The Powell
then made a detour of the line, and steamed
up the river, salutes being fired at parting
by the men of war, and proceeded to the
pier at twenty-third street north. Here the
ttince landed and went to the Clarendon
hotel.
Lateb. It appears that the reception
committee of the Grand Duke did not go to
the lower bay in the steamer Mary Powcllr
but met the Russian fleet coming up undee
the escort of the American fleet. Th-
Grand Duke has accepted the public recep
tion to-morrow .until which time he remains
on board the Svetlana.
The Latest!
To Editoes: Alexis did not laud to
day.
The want offdehnite plan and the storm
marred the ceremonies in honor of Alexis
to-day. The Mary Powell with the invited
guests did not leave until noon and then
only to find the Kussian fleet tiad arrived
offthe Battery. A barge from the Russian
flag-ship brought an officer to know what
the Committee wanted. Minister Catacazy
went aboard of her and was received with
the salute due Ills rank. The re
ception Committee were then
invited aboard and received a
saluto of twenty-one guns. Mr. Aspinwall
congratulated tlie Duke on his safe arrival,
and tendered a welcome to New York on
belialf of the citizens. Alexis in remark
ably good English, thanked the people of
the city for the honor, and assured them he
would gladly accept any civilities
arranged to extend him. It was
then decided the reception would
be poitponed until to-morrow and
the Grand Duke will remain aboard
the Svetlana until received by the 3fary
Powell at 1 o'clock. The military will as
semble at noon and a line of march be
taken up Broadway soon after one, the
Mary Powell steamed around the fleet
and a collation taken aboard to
wMch Admiral Rowan is invited and the
passengers soon after landed at Pier 39
North River. Thundering salutes from
Russian and American flag ships greeted the
guests on the arrival and departure. The
yards of tlie Santa were manned and the
cheering of tlie hearty. At 2 o'clock this
morning, the weather clear and the pros
pect ol a nne day lor tlie reception.
There was a large attendance at a meet
ing to-night of welcome to the Russian
deputation of the Evangelical Alliance,
iTof. jlorsc President, lhe report of the
deputation was submitted, and it was
stated that a telegram was received from
England to the effect that the subject of re
ligious liberty was about to be made before
the mtssian Council ot btate.
Washington, Nov. 20. No information
lias yet been received by tlie government
officially stating when Grand Duke Alexis
will arrive here. Arrangements for his
presentation to the President will be made
by Secretary Fish and Minister Catacazy.
There will be no formal speech-making and
no display at the presentation, which will
take place in the Blue room at the White
House. Tlie President will be attended by
the Cabinet, and the Duke by his suite and
.Minister Catacazy, who will introduce him
to the President and Cabinet. Then lie
will be escorted to the Red room and pre
sented to Mrs. Grant.
It is customary on such occasions for the
visitor to receive a call from the Secretary of
State soon after lus arrival in the city and
prior to liis presentation to the I'resident.
In accordance with tlus custom, Secretary
Fisli will call on him on tlie evening of liis
arrival or oetoro noon next day.
It was heretofore arranged that Alexis,who
had expressed a wish to that effect,
would be gratified with a buffalo hunt on
the great plains, and had he arrived in Oc
tober, Gen. Sheridan would have organized
a hunting party, but the latter is now of the
opinion that tlie hunt will have to be aban
doned, owing to the lateness of the season
and the prevalence of snows
SAN FRANCISCO.
A Contested Will.
San Francisco, Nov. 18. The trial on
Horace Howe's contested will case is pro
gressing in the l'robate Uourt. The testa
tor practically disinherited his wife and
daughter, giving a considerable sum to his
son, and the bulk ol tlie remainder to lound
the Mont Edin University, under terms
which render the project impracticable.
The widow contests the will on the ground
of insanity of tlie testator. On account of
the great extent of the estate, and tlie
notoriety of the deceased, the case attracts
great attention.
San Fkancisco, Nov. 20 The testi
mony in the Howes contested will case
shows that the testator was for years
monomaniac on the subject of money and
his wife, accusing her of the most infamous
crimes .and attempts to poison him without
the slightest reason, and comparing himself
to Jesus (Jurist, and the greatest benelactor
of the human race. The general opinion
is the will will te broken.
ON THE PLAINS.
Rnoir and Sleet The Wires Weighted
Donit Railroads AVentlier-bound.
Omaha, Nov. 20. The sleet and snow
storm which commenced nere on a nuay
noon continued until Sunday morning and
estrnded over the whole country from
Ttnrfcv Mountains to Missouri river. Every-
thinir was covered wilh a heavy coating of
i 0 1, 1
ice, causing a uowniail 01 leiegrapn imcs.
The Union 1'acinc trains were snow-oouiiu
at different point between Omaha and
Cheyenne. The express train due here on
Saturday evening, arriving about midnight
on Sunday. The storm was reported as
s ill more severe in Southern and Western
Colorado.
ABLtM.,"
CM10AG0.
mi 1 1 j j
Aot New Orleans, nor Andy JncksonJI
giaor 1815 The Footfalls of Despotism.
CnjpAGo.'Npyi 20 The grand jury of
the Circuit uourt, wnicn has been sitting
for a week pastj Hosed their" labors to-day.
Before being discharged they made a report.
upon the issue between tiov. i"almer and
Mayor Mason In relation to the military oc
cupation of the city during and following
the fire, and the efforts of Gov. Palmer to
have Mayor Mason, Gen. Sheridan, Col.
Frank T. Sherman and others indicted for
the killing of Col. Grosvenor., The. grand
turV in their report desire to say that they
fully endorse: ana commend the action or
mayor juason in-caiung to nis aiu me ser
vices of Lieut. Geh. Sheridan; tliat the honor,
the wise discretion of the Mayor in thrusting
asido the petty vanity of place and position i
and summoning to nis side the wisest counsels
in our jnidst,'and availing' himself of iheir
powerful aid in the appalling emergencies
of the late conflagration. In their: ppmiorL
tha thanks of tho community are due to'the
liieutenant-uenerat ot the army lor tue
timely and;efticient aid he afforded in co
operation with the regular police force of
our city, recognizing in his efforts no spirit
of usurpation of law or authority, but, on,
the contrary, an unselfish desire to do a du
ty that the emergencies of the hour "de
manded, tho assumption of which was. a
great relief to the anxiety of the people.
Burnt Bodies.
The dead body found under the Tribune
building on Saturday, and at first supposed
to be that of John McDevitt, the noted
billiard player, has been recognized as that
of John E. Donevan, who occupied rooms
in rope's block.
Still another dead and badly burned body
was found to-day in the debris under the
Tribune building. It has not yet been
recognized.
Tho Story of n Suicide.
It has been ascertained that G. C. Mor
ton, who committed suicide at the Clifton
House on Tuesday last, was formerly Gen
eral Freight Agent ot the uurnngton ana
Missouri Railroad, and during the war
served on the staff of Gen. Force. He came
Chicago to seek a situation on one of
the fast freight lines, but was unsuccessful.
He went to the Tremont House, where he
staid until he had ran in debt forty dollars.
Having no means to pay he was refused
further entertainment. He borrowed a sum
of money of a friend, purchased poison,
went to the Clifton House, and did the
deed.
LITTLE K0CK.
Little Rock, Nov. 20. The carriage of
Gov. Hadley containing lus family, was
overturned at a funeral yesterday, resulting
in severe injuries to tlie wife and mother of
the Governor.
Hans Marchand the Memphis thief, who
was arrested on Saturday, was committed
to jail to-day in default of 2,500 bail.
The heaviest irost this season was inai 01
this morning.
y SALT LAKE.
Saints and Sinners.
Salt Lake, Nov. 20. Nothing whatever
the shape of excitement. It is a dead
calm every way. The prisoners at Camp
Douglass are having a good time, and saints
and sinners chat together on the situation
like old friends.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
Boisterous Itcnubllcans.
London, Nov. 20. A large Radical
meeting, which was attended by lour
thousand people, was held in the city of
Bristol last evening. Sir Chas. W. Dilke
addressed the assemblage. There was mucli
uproar and fighting during the progress of
the meeting, and the band was prevented
from playing the National anthem "God
Save the Queen."
Is Victoria a Drunkard?
John Griflle, Secretary- of the Total Absti
nence Society of Brixton, publicly accuses
the Queen of intoxication. Tlie charge
causes a great uproar aud the local au
thorities have already commenced legal
proceedings against the man who made it.
IRELAND,
Witnesses Against Kelly Hissing.
Dublin, Nov. 20. Two important wit
nesses for the prosecution in the case of
Kelly, who is about to be tried for dischars
ing a pistol at an officer, have disappeared.
GERMANY.
Bavaria Prussianized.
Berlin. Nov. 20. The Richstag has
sanctioned the extension of tlie North Ger
man law making military service compul
sory on all to Bavaria.
SWITZERLAND.
International Incendiaries.
Geneva. Nov. 20. Tlie origin of the
conflagration in this city is to be made the
subject of a strict investigation. Suspicion
is directed against against agents ot the in
ternational Society.
TURKEY.
Enjoying? a Cabinet Crisis.
Constantinople, Nov. 20. There are
great complaints of disorganization in pub
lic departments. The Sultan's orders re
quiring economy in administering auairs are
misinterpreted and not satisfactorily carried
out. Harmony does not prevail iu the
cabinet and a crisis is looked for.
CONDENSED TELEGRA3IS.
Three of the California stage-robbers
liave been arrested.
The schooner Twdight sunk in Lake
Huron on the 15th inst., and six persons
were drowned.
The editor of the Paris journal Fere du
Chesne has been seutenced by court-
martial to hard labor for life.
It is now said that the charred remains
found under tho Chicago Tribune building
Saturday are not those of John McDevitt,
the celebrated buiiaru player.
Four of a gang ot twenty-hve burglars, ar
rested at Springfield, Ohio, some weeks
ago, were sentenced Saturday, each to five
years imprisonment at hard labor in the
nenitentiary.
Several prominent political associates. 01
Secretary Boutweil have now under discus
sion tlie subject of his nomination as the
Republican candidate for the Presidency in
the place of Grant.
ilr. isewcomu, (secretary 01 state 01 lex-
-r 1
as, has been in Washington several days
presenting a claim for twenty thousand dol
lars advanced by that State fortho payment
of volunteers caueuoutbeiore the rebellion.
under authority of the United States Gov
ernment, to defend the frontiers. Further
legislation will be required for its settle
ment.
A large number of cotton cases are be
fore the Court of Claims, wliich will soon
resume its sessions. Some depend
upon a decision to be rendered by the Su
preme Court on an appeal from the Court
of Claims, the latter having decided against
the claimants, on the ground that the proc
lamation of the President went into effect
before the time of its publication, and not
on the day of its date.
An Old Xnshvillc Relic.
The editor of the Jackson Whig and
Tribune has lately been shown a license
issued in Nashville hi 1790, to M-. Wm.
Birdsong, authorizing him to keep a "tav
ern" in that village. It is a quaint
old document, printed in tlie formu
la of seventy-five years ago. Middle and
East Tennessee u ito then a part of North
Carolina, aud tli.s western district tlie
favorltehnntinggroundsof the Indians. The
old document beais the signature of An
drew Ewiug, a pioneer of Middle Tennes
see, who died many years ago in Franklin.
It is a rIi." of thecUen time, times of sim
plicity, when there were taverns instead of
hotels, a i uen taverns and lun Keepers
Were a pv.'r in the land, and their names
as familiar as household words.
WmMBXT: ,.,JtEW UB&QCW
iEES.EE:LEGJSLATURE.
J SENATE..
OMJAvfjNoy.50f Te,enat6imet .atij
10 A. m, Air. Speaker Vaughn in the cnair.
T VTT ft f V I
By Mr. DuBosei From the anercbants: of
ilartsvllle against' tax on merchandize.
NEW BILLS.
Tha following iillswera.lnlruducedaui
passed a first reading:
By Mr. Hawes! To restore tlie line be-
23ytMr, .Windier To. amend 'tha actHoS
make the rules of evidence in the State and
Federal Courts uniform.
RESOLUTIONS.'
By Mr. Staley: To pay "the attorneys fou
the State in the delinquent railroad, cases
2,-000'each and the "commissioners "$2000
each for their services. Lies 1 o ver.
By Mr. Cooper: That the Senate meet at
9:30 a., sr.. and take, recess 'a 12:30 JJ.:m.
and adjourn at 4:30 p. 11., or at whatever
hour may be agreed upon on motion of any
Senator. Lies over.
By Mr. Hawes: -To amend section 13 of
article b of the Constitution so as to permit
JudgesTHlhe, Supreme Uourt to appoint
their clerks, who- shall hold' office for six
years, and clerks of inferior courts to be
elected for a- term of our years. Lies .over.
MEMPHIS AND OHIO BAILBOAD.
Senate joint resolution directory to the.
Comptroller respecting the Memphis and
Ohio Railroad, was. taken up.
Mr. Gibson moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. DuBose. made some tfew ..remarks In
regard to the payment 'of $32,000 or $62,
000 by this company into the State Bank.
Mr. Gibson wanted to .know in what
kind of money this payment was made on
the interest due.
Mr. DuBose said he did not know what
kind, whether greenbacks, Confederate
money or bank bills.
Mr. Sevier called attention to the fact
that when suit -was brought against the East
Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad,
it wa3 shown that the payment was made
in Confederate money, yet the same was
held by the Supreme Court to be a valid
payment when it was regularly paid in to
the State and duly receipted for.
Mr. Gibson withdrew his motion, and tho
resolution was -referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
SENATE BILL ON (JECOND BEADING.-
Requiring the County Surveyor aud
Register to keep their books at the county
seat. Passed.
THE FENITENTIABT.
The following message was receded from
the Governor:
Gentlemen of the General Assembly:
In transmitting to the Senate this morn
ing the original Report of the Inspectors of
the State Prison, in obedience to Senate
resolution No. 21,1 did not feel at liberty to
delay it until I could have the correspond
ence between myself and the Inspectors
copied and placed in shape for your exami
nation. I had conferred freely with the chair
men of the Committees of both Houses,
and, witii their advices, had detained the
report until detailed information upon
many points could be obtained from the
prison officers. It was suggested yesterday
that the -Committees, in a body, and myself
should examine, and if deemed necessary to
a full comprehension of the whole subject,
obtain a further report from the Inspectors
before forwarding to you the original re
port. It was believed that this course would
economize tune and facilitate the in
vestigation of tke affairs of the Prison.
This course was prompted by a desire to
dispatch rather than to delay
business, and I regarded the chair
men of the committees as reflecting the will
pf their committees, as well as the desires
of the two houses. I now transmit the
correspondence between myself and the
Inspectors, together with such additional
papers as have been filed with me since the
date or the original report, and submit them
for your consideration. You will perceive
tliat the policy indicated by the last General
Assembly, for the management of the pri
son and its convicts, has been pursued by
the present officers, whether successfully or
not must be determined by you from a
careful examination of the report.
Jlore than one hall or the labor has been
withdrawn from mechanical pursuits.
and much of it that is retained in
that department, is employed in branches
not too much in conflict with well
established meciianical pursuits as under pre-
tious management. 1 here is great com
plaint among the miners and other laborers
that the convicts are employed to their det
riment. It is certainly desirable that the
labor of the State prison should be directed,
as far as possible, from any conflict with
the organized and well-established industry
of the country and directed to the develop
ment to new sources of wealth. But it is
not deemed possible to employ the convict
at "hard labor" without conflicting, to some
extent, with some pursuit of the country.
They must not remain idle. One of the
primary objects of the institution is to pre
vent crime, and if men are fed, and clothed,
and sheltered at the expense of the State
and permitted to live in idleness, the prison
wm soon Dcome a house ot refuge for
thousands of vagrants, and the tax-payer
must bear the burden.
The conduct of the prison must present
as many terrors as possible to the evil-doer,
consistent with a proper sense or humanity,
and constant hard labor is an indispensable
element in the discipline of the convict.
And while many branches of industry
complain of a competition from this labor,
the tax-payer is justly clamorous that it
should sustain itself. A safe means there
fore would seem to lie in so employing the
labor that the State Treasury shall be pro
tected,with as little detriment as possible to
any and all industrial branches.
The prison has rarely sustained itself.
The profits claimed by the present manage
ment are all absorbed in the erection of im
provements to tlie prison, and for these
Treasury warrants to tlie amount of
$90,000.00 have been issued to tho Inspec
tors, under act of Assembly of Feb. 1, 1871,
and which loan will expire tho 15th of March,
1872. The prison has no funds with which
to protect these warrants, and unless they
are relieved by the State they will be sacri
ficed at the amount of the loan, and I can
not see from the whole report that the pris
on has been made self-sustaining in such
sense as to protect the State Treasury from
loss. And locking at the history of the In
stitution since its origin,we cannot reasonably
hope that under the management of the State
it will sustain itself in the future. Fully con
vinced of this fact, 1 approved the lease just
made by the Inspectors, and transmitted it
to you tills morning, and believe tho best
interests of the State would be subserved
by adopting the policy of wholesale leasing.
If this contract should not meet your ap
probation I still recommend that tlie prison
be leased lor a term 01 years unuer sucn
restrictions as your wisdom may dictate.
.If tlie present or any lease is made, there
is but little legislation deemed necessary,
only so far as you may conceive the law
detective in prescribing the management of
tlie institution. And 1 respecttully suggest
for your consideration whether a superin
tendent of prison is not a necessary officer
to carry fully into effect the policy indicated
by existing legislation. The salary of one
thousand dollars ($1,000) each to the In
spectors might be withdrawn from them
and paid to such rn officer. The services
of competent men as a mere advisory
Board of Inspectors could be obtained for
tlie compensation prescribed by the Code or
even without pay.
And the salaries now paid to these In
spectors would command the undivided
attention of one competent man who
would assume all the duties of management
and discipline, make contracts and enforce
them, and at stated intervals visit the branch
prisons in all localities where convicts were
liired. But he shoidd be clothed with the
power f appointing and controlling his sub
ordinates, if he is made answerable for the
discipline, safe-keeping aud vvelfere of the
convicts. 11 tne rnson is not icaseo, 1 re
spectfully recommend that the Legislature
fix the salaries or all oihcers, and even in
the event ef leasing, such salaries as are
paid out of the State Treasury should be
declared by law.
Allow me to commend to your favorable
consideration the reports of the Physician
and Chaplain. It is evident that unless a
large proportion of the convicts are con
stantly employed at branch prisons, that the
hospital accommodations must bo eiuaiged
JETFJUSTS,. Jb'l'A'JK,
-'J
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS,
.a
IF
cae j4
A SOW XN EEOE1PT OF A VERT LARGE STOCK OS 1
FOREIGN AM) DOMESTIC 'MY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
r I'OK THE FAIX TRADE,
TO "WHICH. VTE EmiE THE ATTENTION OF JIEE CHANTS.
EVANS, PITB, SORTER CO.
sepS3m
8. B. SPURLOCK-
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
SAU GROCERS
DEALERS IN FOREIGN AlfD DOMESTIC EXQUORS,
Nbs. 32, 34 and 33 Broad Street,

Bagging and Ties Furnished and Liberal Ad?ances made.
,ExclnilTeAgent3 Cjr the sale of Manntag'a 'Whisky juad Annl Sheetings.
.ocl3msp
and the erection of a chapel is also de
manded.
It is submitted to you whether the sala
ries of these two officers should not be in
creased. You will find much valuable information
in the report of the Inspectors, which.will
doubtless suggest all changes that may be
necessary in the discipline of tho prison.
ine communication from Uol. tieonre T.
Lewis, upon the iron resources of tlie fatate,
is a most valuable paper, and would be read
with interest by capitalists and miners
abroad. Jonsr C. Browit, Governor.
CLAIM AGAINST MEMPHIS.
Sir. DuBose offered the following joint
resolution
Be it resolved by the General Assembly
of the .State of Tennessee, That the Comp
troller of the State of Tennessee be and is
hereby directed to charge off from his books,
as against the city of Memphis, the two
amouiito referred to by him in his report on
page 48 in the words "We have other set
tlements with the city of Memphis, viz
the sum of $00,221.77 on account of Me
tropolitan Police, and the stun of $27,000
collected in 1SG1 by order of Maj. Gen.
Hulburt."
Referred to Judiciary Committee.
SEJfATE HILLS OX THIRD I1EADISO.
To appoint an additional Notary Public
for Gibson county. Passed.
10 cnange the act to regulate the elec
tive franchise. Passed. A motion was
made by Senator Green to reconsider the
vote passing tlie bill, and to lay that motion
on tlie table. Carried.
To chance the line between the counties
of Grundy and Sequatchie. Passed.
To amend section 2107 of the Code.
Passed.
To extend tlie power of Sheriffs so as to
authorize the Sheriff to arrest in any county
of the State. Passed.
fcESATK BILIS OX SECOND KEADIXG.
To provide for the collection of taxes due
on real estate sold under decree ot court.
Passed.
To restore the right of venue. Passed.
To amend the Registration Laws. Re
ected. To fix the vote of sliareholdcrs in in
surance companies. 1'asseif.
lo authorize tlie appropriation of the
funds of Rankin Academy for common
school purposes. Passed.
lo amend the act to reculate the motion
for new trials. Passed.
To amend the act in relation to the com
pensation of teachers of public schools.
Passed.
To rejndate the payments and prevent
the improper use of county funds by the
county trustee. Rejected.
lo create a superintendent of public
schools of the State. Recommended for
adoption by Committee on Schools and
Education, who also recommended that
the salary stated in the bill at $2,500 be
clianged to $1,500. Pending the considera
tion of the bill, the Senate adjourned to 10
a. m. to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxdat, Nov. 20. The House met at
10:30 A. M.,Speaker Richardson in the chair.
THE COTTOX TAX.
The following message was received from
the Governor:
Gentlemen of the General Assembly: The
agriculturalists of our own and other South
ern States have paid into the Treasury of
the United States immense sums of money,
under the act of Congress taxing the pro
duction of cotton, while the producers of
cereals ana other crops m the Northwest
were exempt from tax upon their labor.
This discrimination against the South, it
is now conceded, was instigated by the as
perities engendered by the late war. Our
people were well nigh ruined by this bur
den, and, had the legislation not been re
voked, the production of cotton would have
been measurably abandoned in America.
Public sentiment everywhere now condemns
the lcgislation,not only as unwise and unjust,
but as in conflict with the organic law, and
its repeal shows that the Congress of the
United btates was leu to this conclusion.
It remains now for the government to re
store to the Southern people the tax thus
so unjustly collected from them. And it is
believed tliat Congress will direct that res
titution be made when the facts are proper
ly presented.
I therefore with pleasure transmit to you
the proceedings and memorial of the Cham
ber of Commerce of Memphis and New
Orleans, and recommend you to memorial
ize the Congress of the United States upon
the subject.
I respectfully recommend also that you
request our representatives and instruct our
Senators in Congress to aid in securing the
relief sought. Respectfully,
Jxo. C. BnowN
Governor.
The report of the Memphis Chamber of
Commerce has already appeared In the
Union and American, aud tha report of
tlie .ew Orleans Chamber or Commerce
contains similar arguments and recommen
dations. The messago and accompanying reports
were referred to the Committee on Federal
Relations.
A PROTEST.
Mr. Lumpkin desired to liave thcfWSo
ing protest spread upon the jounutSi.
Whereas, during the discussMn W
House on the tax bill, tlie previous qifetio
was moved, which cut off iii debate, and
rendered it impossible to gi uy expression
of opinion whatever against the bill adopt
ing forty cents on one hundred dollars'
worth of property; and whereas, boing
clearly of opinion, from official figures, that
thirty cents would have been ample to have
met and liquidated every demand and obli
gation demanded by those who favored a
tax of fifty-cents, I herewith file my pro
test against the action of the nouse adopt
ing forty cents, and also the means re
tried to (moving the previous question)
to accomplish that object. The estimate
fded herewith, based upon ;official reports,
will convince any one that thirty cents on
the one hundred dollars would liave been
sufficient for all purposes, with a margin oj
over five hundred thousand dollars to spare.
It was agreed by all parties that provision
should be made for the payment and liqui
dation iu full of all indebtedness and obli
gations of the State as given below:
1 Outstanding warrants
2 Loan account (New Ysrk)..
3 Tennessee old issue.
4 Balance of expenses of State
for 1871 .1.,
5 Current expenses for 1672..
6 Appropriation Lunatic Asy
lum
7 Appropriation Blind Asylum
$752,000
206,000
710,000
250,000
600,000
02,000
50,000
Total $2,660,000
makings as per above official estimates, the
sum of $2,660,000 of obligations that should
be taken up or prcrided for, and for which
provision must be made. To meet and
liquidate the above indebtedness, tha fol-
it. n u
FORXXLR CO.
Tito
DEALERS IN
NOTIONS, BTG;;
J. M. SEUBLOOKV
AND COTTON MOTORS,
lowing revenues and resources, as per offi
cial reports, are relied upon:
1. Estimated tax on privileges K0JXX) 00
2. Taxon$300,000,000 property ,3 milk 300,960 00
3. Now due, at per Comptroller's re-
fOrt- 2,083,440 62
Less 10 per cent, for losses.deUnqnen
cies costs, etc 353,344 06
Revenue due to State $3,W,0! B&
Thus it is shown that the rate of thirty
cents will give a revenue of $3,180,096.56
to meet an indebtedness of $2,660,000, leav
ing a dear surplus or balance to the credit
of the State of $520,096.50. Figures never
lie. In view of the foregoing facts, I will
not consent to inflict upon my people a
rate of taxation which they cannot pay,
and which really and practically means
nothing more nor less than gradual confis
cation of their property. The only reason
urged by those favoring a high tax was,tiiat
our securities and bonds would suffer a
rapid and material decline in the foreign
markets of the word. 1 do not, and
cannot, coincide in any such opinion.
On the eontrary, I hold and believe
that when foreign capitalists realize that
our State is in a condition to provide for all
our outstanding warrants, our old bank
issues, our New York debt, oar current ex
penses, besides making all necessary appro
priations for our asylums all on a taxable
basis of only thirty cents on one hun
dred dollars worth of property, tliey will
feel assured tliat our credit and financial
condition has improved in a material degree,
especially in view of tlie fact that our own
State debt lias been within two years, re
duced from over forty millions to less than
twenty millions of dollars. In view of the
facts set forth, I cannot and will not consent
to levy and burden my people with a
tax which I consider oppresive, harsh and
unwarrantable. In accordance witii these
views, and with a desire to discharge my
duty as a faithful and conscientious Repre
sentative of a proud and sensitive constitu
ency, I enter my earnest and solemn pro
test against the action of the House in
adopting forty cents on the one hundred
dollars worth of property as a basis of taxa
tion. W. D. Lumpkin.
of Shelby County.
After discussion the protest was ordered
to be entered on tlie journal.
NEW BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Clift Resolution to appoint a
joint committee to collate and arrange the
revenue laws Tor the use and benefit of
county and State revenue officers. Adop
ted under a supeusion of the rules. Messrs.
Clift, Frierson and Spears were appointed
on the part of the nouse.
By Mr. Ellis A bill to authorize the
county courts of the several counties in this
State to tax the privilege or occupation of
fishing in their respective counties. Passoi.
By Mr. Lynn, of Lauderdale A bill to
amend Chap. 5S of the act passed in 1871
fixing the time of holding the courts in
Dyer county, and in Humboldt in Gibson
county. Passed.
By Mr. McCollum A bill to regulate at
torney's fees. Passed.
BILL DISAPPROVED.
House bill "to prohibit debtors of County
Academies from holding the office of trus
tee in such Academies," returned by the
Governor without his approval, was taken
up.
After some discussion the bill was re
jected, ayes, 16; noes, 41.
HOUSE BILLS ON THIRD READING.
To provide for the sale of lands purchased
by the State for taxes. Rejected for want
of a constitutional majority, ayes, 32;
noes, 30.
The House then took a recess until 230
when it re-assembled.
THE PENITENTIARY.
Mr. Enloe introduced a resolution request
ing the Senate to transmit to the House
the report of the Inspectors of the Peniten
tiary with the Governor's messago accom
panying it. Adopted under a suspension of
the rules.
HOUSE BILLS ON TOTED READINO.
To cm tail the expenses of the State by
repealing the act to establish the Law Court
of Nashville. Reported for rejection.
Mr. Clift explained that his object in in
troducing the bill was because the extra
court was unnecessary. There were only
692 cases on tho docket, while there were
two Judges at a salary of $2,500 each to
try them. He had been spoken to by sev
eral citizens of Nashville, and it was on
their representation that he had introduced
this bill.
Mr. Vaughn said the additional court was
no expense to the State. While the salaries
of tlie fbur Judges amounted to $10,000,
they produced a revenue to the State of
$13,000. He was satisfied that there was
no desire to get rid of the court.
The report of the committee was non
concurred in. The bill failed on a tliird
readinefor want of a constitutional
jority ayes 31, noes 30.
Relative to the fees of J'jjetMjjf
Peace. Passed.
To grant the right of hf WWf jfcRj
Railroad Conipaftf. A4in X
To lifiitkjfmm )ajMfcgrieft, except
wlwrndMBjeited. t
jKrUQ&ei! fljTiie bill on the ground
tiiti Ik W-rfilif W on innovation on a system
JjriMCfcii&4 luog been in force, ami proved
aup. iKjnsflcial in its operations.
T4r. Harris defended the bill, contending
i' If passed, it would eilect a large sav
ing to the State, ne regarded the jury sys
tem as in some respects a relic of barbarism,
and more calculated to prevent justice than to
secure it, for a jury of twelve ignorant men
Would be more likely to be imposed npon by
specious arguments than a learned and in
telligent judge, skilled in legal questions,
ne referred to the abuses inseparable from
the jury system, and concluded by urging
the passage of the bill.
Mr. McGlothlin moved in amendment to
section 2, that jury cases liave precedence in
courts. Carried.
The bill was then rejected, ayes 23,
noes 35.
Mr. Rosson entered a motion to recon
sider. THE TAX BILL.
The consideration of the bill to provide
revenue for the State was resumed.
The second and third sections were
adopted.
The fourth section wa3 taken up, and
read as follows:
"That in all suits brought before Justices
of the Peaco in this State, the following
rate of taxation shall belevied and collected,
to-wit: Suits where the judgment is less
than one hundred dollars, a State tax of
fifty cents suits where tha judgment is
more than one hundred and less than two
hundred dollars, one dollar; suits where
the judgment exceeds two hundred dollars,
two dollars. In all criminal causes submitted
under the small offense laws, before a Jus
tice of the Peace, a State tax of three dol
lars in each case. And the bond required
to be executed by section 5,00-1 of the Code
of Tennessee, by Justices of tho Peace,
shall be held to include and make liable tlie
Men's and JBojs5 J)Io(luif
A2n
Mil GOODS,
84 SortU Summer Street,
(NEAR ONION.) ,i
ttusiness Suits,
l Dress Suits,
The Promenade Suit,
1 The Pea Jacket Suit,
j The JTeicmarket Suit,
Dress Coats,
Prock Coats,
.Horning- Coats,
Evening- Coats,
ELEQANT LINES OP
English and French Casslmere
una Black Doeskin
MTTUSII CUT AND 71 AD K EQUAL, TO
ANY CXSTOM WOBS.
Fall Overcoats!
IX GREAT VARIETY.
BOYS' WEAR!
Boys'' School Suits,
Hoys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's
upward.
Suits, three years and
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Suits.
Dress and Business Shirts,
Sfredot Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, TRIMS, T8AYEIM BAGS.
34 North Summer St.
tep26tUIJan9,72sp l;t
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
"TEE
GLOTEING TRADE.
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to ihe early
Fall and Winter wear of (he
Soidhwest, than ever before,
which we loill sell to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is catt
ed to our Neto Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all vjho have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A fidl line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gwn Clothing o&
sale. Orders carefully fftjkd.
BOLIYAS E-JWiliiQ
grooms No. 70 Public
Square.
ep!9 tf
officers mentioned in said section for tha
taxes imposed and collected under this sec
tion, except that sakl State tar shall be by
said officers paid to the clerks of the county
co arte of their respective counties instead
of to the County Trustees."'
Several amendments were offered to this
section and withdrawn.
Mr. Freeman moved to strike out the first
portion of the section, from tlie words "to
wit," down to the words "in all criniinal
causes."
Mr. Spears objected to the amendment- At
the present rate of sixty cents on the hun
dred dollars, it was as much as the State
coud do to raise enough revenue, and now
that it was proposed to reduce the rate or
taxation it wouW.be unwise to cut off any
source of revenue.
Mr. Lynn, of Fayette, sakl the provision
would be oppressive on the poor litigant.
Mr. Lewis sakl tlie State would lose at
least $100,000 of revenue if this ckuse was
struck out of the bflL It was no argument
to say that-poor men would be affected by
it. All taxes oppressed the poor man. It
was unfortunate to have a law suit at all,
but litigants should be taxed.
A motion to lay the amendments on the
table was carried.
Mr. Tillman moved an amendment pro
viding tliat the losing party should pay 51
for every $100 involved in a suit. He ex
plained that he believed that a losing-litigant
should ba taxed on his suit and not on
"Iii" nS'luoved to lay the amendment
on the table. Carried.
Mr. Clift moved an amendment reducing
the rate In the section one-half. Laid on
the table.
Mr. Harris moved to strike out the fourth
sectien. Laid on the table ayes 35,
noes 28-
Fending the further consideration of the
section, the House adjoarBeUtaU10 A.
to-morrow.
mm