4
gurnet

ELASTIC BELTS,
Blockings, knee-caps, anklets, <to.. at
-MARSH A CO.’S RaiLcal Cure Truss office, No. 2
Vesey street, and No. 32 East Fourteenth street, near
University Place.
gottts and (gwrM
Disfigured One.— 1. Is there any
known in which the disagreeable effeots of small
?ox can be removed or prevented Dr. Rendle, of
Park Hill, Olapham Park, London, Eng., recommends
iho following precaution for persons attacked by small
>ox. Ho claims to have successfully tested it in two
)ases. He describes the result as follows On the first
appearance of the eruption, patches of skin about an
Inch square were washed over w ith collodion, and imme
piately covered with a thin, uniform layer of fine wool;
the wool readily adheres if applied before the ether of
the collodion evaporates. When the whole of the face,
•to., was thus covered, the wool was brushed over with a
Solution of starch or gum. The starch or gum was occa
sionally reapplied to the edges of the wool, to prevent
fcny shifting by the movement of the face. This covering
frae kept on until the dry crusts fell off the other parts
pf the body. These cases are not given with the convic
tion that the disfigurement resulting from small-pox
may be invariably prevented, but rather for the purpose
If calling attention to, and inviting further trial of, this
mode of treatment. “2. When was vaccination first in
troduced, and by whom The benefits of vaccination
kero discovered by Dr. Edward Jenner, who was born in
1749, and educated for the medical profession under the
partial superintendence of the famous physician Hun
ter. He made his first experiments in 1796, but met
With much opposition, not only from ignorant, super
stitious people, but also from many learned members of
his profession. The success of his various experi
ments proved that he was correct, and ultimately the
benefits conferred by his discovery were acknowledged,
and honors conferred upon him. The English Govern
ment voted him, at various times, the sum of £30,000,
and a national institution for the promotion of vaccina
tion, founded in 1803, was named after him. In 1853 an
act was passed by the English Parliament, rendering
vaccination compulsory, which arrangement probably
accounts for the comparative mildness of the ravages
caused by small-pox in that country. Dr. Jenner died
in 1823.
A Constant Deader.— “W. H. 0., a
£epu<llloan. bet J. A. L., a Democrat, a new hat that
the Republicans would carry the State by twenty thou
sand majority. Please decide who wins.” W. H C.
Wins. The votes for State officers were as follows: Sec
retary of State—Republican, 387,119, Democrat, 368,212;
Republican majority, 18,907. Controller—Republican,
887,703, Democrat, 367,127; Republican majority, 20,576.
Treasurer—Republican, 388,360, Democrat, 366,576; Re
publican majority, 21,784. Attorney General—Republi
can, 387,072, Democrat, 367,754; Republican majority, 19;-
818. Surveyor and Engineer—Republican, 387,284, Dem
ocrat. 367,615; Republican majority, 19,669. Canal Com
missioner—Republican, 387,936, Democrat, 366,499; Re
publican majority, 21,437. Inspector of State Prisons—
Republican, 387,359, Democrat, 365,650; Republican ma
jority, 21,709. By adding the Republican majorities to
gether it will give you a total of 143,400 for the Republi
can*, which, divided by seven (ths number of candidates
tunning for Slate offices) gives an average majority for
the Regublioan State ticket of 20,485 5-7. Consequently
W. H. C. wins the bet.
M. T.— Please inform me of the
date of ih) first battle of Bull Run, and under what
General it was fought?” The first battle of Bull Run
Vms fought on the 21st of July, 1861. The Union troops
tinder General Irwin McDowell attacked the rebels un
der Beauregard. The Federal* had the advantage till
•bout 4 o’clock, P. M., when the Confederate General
Johnston brought up re-enforcements, which at first
the Federal* took for their own troops. After a brief
resistance the latter were seized with sudden panic, and
In spite of the utmost efforts of their officers, fled in dis
graceful rout, abandoning a large quantity of arms,
.ammunition, and baggage. The Confederate Generals,
Beauregard and Johnston, did not think it prudent
to pursue the fugitives, who did not halt till they ar
rived at Washington. The Confederates numbered
'BI,OOO. their total loss in killed, wounded, and missing
being 1,887; the Union so diers numbered 28,000, their
being 3.051.
4 Independent. —l. Was Horace
•Greeley ever offered the position of Minister to Eng
land, and. if so, when?” Mr. Greeley was never offered
the English mission, but he received an offer of the
Austrian mission, which he declined. 2. What was
the fastest time evex made on the Hudson River, and
hame of steamboat The fastest time ever made on
the Hudson River was by the steamboat South America,
In 1849, when that vessel made the trip from New York
to Albany in six hours and twenty-seven minute*. In
1852, the New World made the trip in seven hours and
ten minutes; and in the same year the Alida made it in
teven hour* and fourteen minutes. Steamboat men
think that the Drew, of the People’s Line, Is the fastest
boat that ever ran on the river; but the directors of the
line will not now permit the racing which was so preva
lent some twenty years ago, consequently the steamboat
bas never yet been put to the top of its speed.
Jack-— Can you give me a de
foription of the instrument termed the guillotine, used
lor decapitating criminals in France, and state by whom
It was invented?” The guillotine consists of two posts,
with a crossbeam at top with .'grooves, through which a
heavy knife descends on the neck, fastened to a board
beneath. It was invented by Dr. Guillotin, after whom
JI was named. The Persians were the first who made
Sse of such machines. They were in use in England
uring the sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth x cen
turies, but were there called maidens. The intention
©f their promoter was a humane one. which had tor its
Object the speedy decapitation of the victim in place of
the bungling headsman with his ax; but it is said that
the perceptibility of brain remains in the head for some
time after its severence from the body.
Velocipedeslrian.— l. “Can you in
form me when velocipedes were first invented and by
Whom Velocipedes are supposed to have been invented
by a German Baron, Charles de Drais, by whom they
Tvere introduced into England in 1818. They soon fell
|nto desuetude, but were revived on an improved French
model in 1867, and in France and England acquired con
siderable popularity among the youth of both sexes. 2-
•‘When were they first introduced into this country
Velocipedes were brought into this country in 1819, at
tracting much attention in the City of New York, but
after a time they were forgotten, until re-introduced as
a French novelty in 1863, when they speedily became the
rage.
Several Readers.—“ During our late
War with the Southern States, was Archbishop Hughes
Bent by our government (the Lincoln administration) to
France or England to induce their respective govern
ments not to recognize the Southern Confederacy?”
Archbishop Hughes sailed in company with Mr. Thur
low Weed in November, 1861, with the idea that “pri
nt* gentlemen migh be able to exert an influence abroad
tn preventing England and France from interfering,
which the restraints of official etiquette would debar
Our diplomatic representations from exercising." Of
Course he went in an unofficial capacity.
Brilon.—“ Was there ever an at
jempt made upon the life of the present Queen of Eng
land by an intending assassin?” Yes. John Francis, a
youth, fired a pistol at Queen Victoria, as she was riding
down Constitution Hill in an open barouche, accompa
nied by Prince Albert, May 30, 1842. The queen was,
uninjured. Previous intimation having reached
the palace of the intention of the criminal, her majesty
bad commanded that none of the ladies of her court
ghould attend her. Francis was condemned to death
June 17, following, but was afterward transported for
life.
Two Below Zero.— Who was the
Inventor of the thermometer, and what is the date of
the invention The thermometer was in use in the
beginning of the seventeenth century, but it is not
known precisely to whom the honor of the invention is
due. A physician of Padua, named Santorio, in his
•‘Commentaries on Avicenna” (1626), claims it for him-
Belf. It may, however, have happened with this, a* with
Cther scientific discoveries, that the idea of the instru
ment occurred to two or more persons about the same
time.
Californian. “Can you inform me
fn what year it was that a steamboat explosion occurred
in San Pablo Bay, by which a great number of people
lost their lives The steamboat Secretary burst her
boiler and was blown to pieces on April 15th, 1854, while
Crossing San Pablo Bay, from San Francisco to Peta
luma. Moro than fifty persons perished.
*Molly.— To mend china, take a very
thick solution of gum-arabic, and stir into it a plaster of
Faris until the mixture is of proper consistency. Apply
nto the fractured edges of the china, and stick them
gather. In a few days it will be impossible to break
|he article in the same place. Th* whiteness of ths
Cement renders it doubly valuable.
Jack Tar. —The Ocean Monarch, an
emigrant ship, was destroyed by fire on Au
gust 24th, 1848. She left Liverpool for Boston, but had
not advanced far into the Irish channel, being within
Bix miles of Great Ormshead, Lancashire, when she took
fire, and in a few hours was burnt to the water’s edge*
178 persons perished.
P, G.— “ls Thomas Haynes Bailey,
the English dramatist, still living?” No. Thomas
Hayaes Bayley, the distiixguished poet and play writer,
died In 1839. We believe, however, that there is AU
4£qf of the same name at present living.
Murray Hill.—" You can have your
husband sent either to the public hospital or to some
tone of the many private establishments fn the City, at
jMxioh lie will be cared for at a moderate cost
IA Constant per/gons
Jpotn la the tFnited States are American citizens, no
trailer where tfceir parents ma, ba,. b.«a bora.
Ji origin of oratorios, so
jh&Oied from having been first performed in an oratory,
if to st. Paillip Neri, about 1550.
f Marline— Nebraska was organized
ia a Territory on May 30th, lew, and admitted M Stat.
March 1, 1867.
i Astronomer.— The planet Vesta was
4l»o»Wred br Dr. Olhen, of Bremen, on March 29, UO7.
Haffner, “Was ‘Foul Play’ ever
at Wallach’, Tb.atr. V' It wm not.
CONTENTS OF INSIDE PAGES.
The following are the contents of the Inside Pages
the 2d, 3d, 6th, and Tth. of To-day’s Nkw York Des
patch. We think they will be found rich in variety and
interest: _ _
SECOND PACE:
CONTINUATION OF “ENCHANTED BYES.”
SWEARS HE WON’T SWING.
A MINE ON FIRB.
A STRANGE LONDON SOENfI.
THE DEVIL-FISH.
CHIVALRY IN OHIO.
SALTING A BEAR.
THIRD PACE:
MASONIC MATTERS The Fading Year; The Sol
stitial Festival; Happy New Year; R. W. Bro. E. E.
Thorne; Souvenir; What is Sectarianism, and What
is Tolerance? Questions—Thought—ldeas; Rare
Presents; Presentation; Constitution Lodge; Key
stone Lodge; Favors Received; Installation; Stella
Lodge; Washington Chapter; Neptune Lodge; The
Bonds; Gavel Lodge; Polar Star Lodge; Hudson
River Lodge; Investment; Officers of Lodges Re
cently Elected.
SIXTH PACES
the Sunset.
THE UNPLEASANT SURPRISE;
CARRIED OFF BY WITOHR3.
HANS SCHNAPS’ SPY-GLASS.
A CRIME ROMANCE.
MURDERING A WITNESS.
MARRIAGE EXTRAORDINARY.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS: Cheap but Honest;
The Spotted Negro; Agassiz as a Boy; How the
Body of a Drowned Man was Recovered; Sympathies
and Antipathies; Cure for Hydrophobia; A Lion
Loose; What was His other Name; A Racy Adver
tisement; A Shocking Joke; An Explosion; Decay
of the Seafaring Industries of New England; Harm
less Jenkinses; Discoveries of Oil Paintings; Retri
butive Justice; A Startling Answer; The Buffaloes
Suffering.
SEVENTH PACE:
FROZEN TO DEATH.
CONCLUSION OF “A WOMAN’S HONOR.”
SOME FUN.
AN ACTOR’S FUNERAL.
LOVE AND PHOTOGRAPHY.
THE POLICE MACHINE.
OUR WEEKLY GOSSIP: J. W. B.’u Joke; Spivins’
Holiday Time; An Anecdote; The Oomio Grammar;
Scintillations.
fltto llovli slbpaltb.
SEW YORK, DECEMBER 31, 1871.
1871—1872.
The past year has been a very eventful one.
A year ago to-day the French, though pressed
hard on every side, still bravely resisted the
conquering Germans. Now peac.o bas gome,
and though France is suffering from the effeots
of her crushing defeats, Lor people enjoy an
amount of liberty which has been unknown to
them before.
In our own city the changes have not been
less startling. One year ago, the Ring was
proud, insolent, and deemed itself irresistible.
Now it is shattered to pieces—its members are
either under bail to stand trial for felonies, or
are skulking in Europe and Canada from that
offended law whoso justice they derided, and
whose ministers they too often owned. Won
derful, indeed, has been the change 1 Con
nolly and. Tweed under arrest, Sweeny in exile,
Ingersoll and Garvey fugitvies from justice,
and the small fry, the hangers-on and pension
ers of the greater rascals, bewailing their sad
fates, and wondering where they are now to
“make a stake.”
A year ago Chicago was the proudest, most
enterprising, and most flourishing of Western
cities and now her people sit amid the ruins
of their desolated homes, but though despoiled
of fortune, they are not oast down, nor have
they lost heart. Already fine buildings are
taking the place of the old-time shanties, and
in a couple of years the city will bo entirely re
built, and become greater, more flourishing,
and happier than ever..
The trqublos which have afflicted this coun
try conclusion of the war have not yet
been healed, but the prospect for a return to
good feeling between the North and South
grows brighter every day. The bitterness en
gendered by four years of civil war and forty
years’ discussion of the slavery question are
gradually losing their intensity, and we have
hopes that ere the year 1872 shall have run its
course there will bo no laws on the statute
books of the Nation nor States disfranchising
any portion of the people in consequence of the
part which they took in the war.
The year 1871 has done much for liberty and
for the perpetuation of the republican form of
government. Let us hope 1872 will do even
more, and that the rulers in all lands will be
actuated in their acts by an honest endeavor
to fulfill their duties to the people, and to be
wise, humane, liberal and just in their treat
ment of other nations. We pray that there
may be no wars, no great fires, nothing to In
terfere with the progress of the world to a
wider intellgence, a more universal happiness,
and more diffused spirit of good-will among
men and nations. May it prove a bright, a
happy, a prosperous, and a peaceful year.
CIVIL SERVICrREFORM.
The reform in the civil service takes practi
cal effect on next Monday in National offices.
The object of this reform is to do away with
the national nuisance of offloe-seeking, and to
elevate the character of officeholders. Our
public servants have become worse and worse
ever since the time the phrase to the victors
belong the spoils” was adopted as a rule in the
appointment of officials. Hereafter, applicants
for position under the National Government
will be examined as to their capability to per
form the duties of the places to which they as
pire. We shall no longer see the public service
disgraced by mon whose claim to place was the
faot that they were serviceable tools of some
larger political leech. It is high time that
important clerkships in Custom Houses, etc.,
were filled by competent men. We know of
one case where a man who oould scarcely write
his own name, and who spoiled “caught”
“kawt,” held a $3,000 clerkship. Of course,
he did no duty whatever; but another olork,
who received but $1,200 a year, had to perform
all the work. The $3,000 clerk was a man im
portant at primaries. He could gouge an eye,
chew off a.nose, break heads, and stuff ballot
boxes consequently he had overwhelming
claims on the able, honest, and trusty public
functionary who presided over the department
in which he did nothing at all for $3,000 a year.
When Congress comes to consider the pro
visions of the law which is to bo presented
soon, we hope that body will make it impera
tive on the head of every department that he
shall remove none of the underlings without
cause. To a certain extent the ideas of the
civil service have boon employed in the gov
ernance of the Police Department of this city
einoe the adoption of the Metropolitan Police
Act, and though the system has had its disad
vantages, the department has been immeasur
ably superior to that which existed previously.
It was a very healthy department we had in
the days when the Aiderman of each Ward ap
pointed the captain of police and the men
under him. The law, before its passage,
should be thoroughly debated, so that its weak
and strong features may be fully understood.
On the success of civil service reform in the
National service will depend its adoption by the
States and municipalities. We hope to live to
see the day when all our public offices shall be
filled by honest, competent and polite gentle
men. We are heartily tired of the men who
treat citizens as though they were dogs, and
speak to them as though they were prowling
thieves..
To Gas Consumers.—Will not gas
consumers forward us affidavits of the extor
tions which have been put upon them by the
gas companies of Now York? The annoyance
which business men have suffered, and the ex
tortions which our citizens have grumblingly
endured should have an end. If the people
will but move in this matter we shall be able
to present so strong a case against the gas
monopolists that the Legislature cannot but
take measures for the protection of the people.
Forward us the affidavits at once.
They’ve got what they call "the
lovers’ lamp” in Indianapolis, Ind. Ono of the;
girls who bought one of them wrote as follows
to him: “Come over and see mo wo have a
new lamp at our house that wo can turn down,
down, down, until there is scarcely a bit of
light in the room." He was there at an earlier
hour than usual—and at a later, too, for the
room an dark they couldn't see the clock.
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
WATCHED AND CRITICISED.
To-morrow the Legislature convenes, and
soon after the long agony of the aspirants for
the Speakership will be over. It is to be hoped
that in the selection the Assembly will be en
tirely controlled by patriotic regard for the
best interests of the people, Qi the gentle
men whose namea are mentioned for the posi
tion of Speaker we know not which of them is
the fittest man. But thia wo do know, that no
man who is supposed to bo a creature of a
railroad or any other sort of Ring will prove
acceptable to tho people, This Legislature
will be more closely watched and more inde
pendently criticised than any Legislature over
has been in this State. Tho people are aware
that for many years past the Legislature of
New York has been a very corrupt body—that
jobbery and bribery were common—that nec
essary laws wore neglected lor the considera
tion of bills which bad something in them.”
This must not ba the oas this Winter, for if it
Is, tho same fate wilt overtake the members
who may be implicated that has wiped out
of existence tho infamous New York City Ring.
The people are in downright earnest in the de
mand for reform tn every department of gov
ernment, and political affiliation will not save
those who may betray their constituents from
indignant denunciation by papers of all parties.
The people have confidence in tho press, which,
with a few unimportant exceptions, denounced
so boldly tho peculations, and which was mainly
instrumental in overthrowing the corrupt oli
garchy which ruled this city. That same press
will watch the Legislature keenly, and severely
criticise all its acts, and fearlessly denounce
every member wjio may prove recreant to the
trust which tho people of hts district have re
posed in him. Gentlemen of the Legislature,
the people are in no mood to bo trifled with.
Honesty and conscientious performance of duty
are the best cards for even the trickiest of pol
iticians at the present time.
DESTROYING OUR COMMERCE.
The Tribune is doing excellent service in
showing up the extortions to which our com
merce is Subject* by Harbor Masters, Health
Officers, etc. It is in no way astonishing that
commerce is deserting this port; it is only
wonderful that we have retained any at all. It
would seem as though tho party which has
been in power in this State for the past three
years [it would bo unjust to call it the Demo
cratic party, for really it represented the bal
lot-box staffers and repeaters, not the honest
masses of tho Democracy] had been doing Its
utmost to deprive this city of its proud title of
the Metropolis of the New World. A city debt
created of $100,000,000 —merchants fleeced on
every hand and their goods stolon from the
wharves—storekeepers taxed and bled” by
petty politicians panel-houses protected—
life and property insecure in consequence of
tho rulings of ignorant and corrupt judges.
Such are results of three years’ rule of the
representatives of the dangerous classes. To
so great an extent have our shipping mer
chants been fleeced that at last they have
made an appeal to tho Governor of the State
for protection from our harbor pirates. Whe
ther or not tho Governor will give heed to the
cry of our commerce, we cannot say. The
Legislature or Congress must interfere, if he
does not. The commerce of New York must
not be entirely destroyed that a few uncon
scionable rogues may become rich.
The following is tho appeal Which tho mer
chants of Now York have made to the Gov
ernor:
His Excellency John T. Hoffman, Governor of
the State of New York
Sib As the official representatives of the
Joint Committee of the Chamber of Commerce
of tho City of New York, the New York Produce
Exchange, the Importers’ and Grocers’ Board
of Trade, the Ship Owners’ Association, and
the Vessel Owners’ and Captains’’Co-operative
Association, appointed for the purpose of con
sidering the burdens imposed upon the com
merce of this port by Quarantine and other
officials, and devising a remedy therefor, we
respectfully ask your consideration of this
brief communication on the subject. It is
hardly necessary to remind your Excellency
that the preservation of the commercial pros
perity of this city is of vital importance not
only to those who are actually engaged in
commercial pursuits, but to the people of the
entire State. Any policy which tends to injure
that prosperity, or to divert the trade and com
merce of this port into other channels, is a di
rect blow at the interjsts of the community at
large.
Commerce is the handmaid of civilizatiort
and progress, and statesmen of all times have
recognized its value as an element of a coun
try’s greatness, and have endeavored to foster
it in every proper way. Wo do not seek any
special advantages for the interests we repre
sent, but surely it is not too much to ask that
these interests shall bo protected from exac
tions which are as unwise as they are unneces
sary and unjust. Your Excellency cannot bo
unaware that the complaints which have been
made through the press and other channels of
the acts of certain officials connected with the
regulation of tho commerce of this city have
been numerous and wide-spread. Wo do not
know that these complaints have been brought
to your notice, officially, to any great extent,
but that tho facts upon which they rest do ex
ist, admits oLno doubt.
Under the quarantine management which
now prevails, abuses and extortions have grown
up, which, we venture to say, are not equaled
in any part of the world where quarantine is
enforced. Wo need not enter here into a de
tailed statement, of these impositions, as the
report which the committee is now preparing
will, wo trust, demonstrate their existence
fully but we can only say that arbitrary and
unjust detention of vessels and cargoes, illegal
and extravagant charges, and annoying and
totally unnecessary restrictions are among the
evils which the merchant is called on to en
dure; which have already driven to other
ports a large amount of our trade, and which,
if not speedily remedied, will, in au increasing
ratio, continue to deprive us of the commerce
which naturally belongs to our port.
The Harbor Master system ie another fruit
ful cause of just complaint. It is generally un
derstood that the various districts under the
control of the Harbor Masters are farmed out,
as it wore, to other parties, who engage to se
cure for their employers the illegal fees which
are wrung from tho shipowners and others.
However this may be, it is certain that these
demands are made and must be satisfied be
fore tho merchant can hope to receive the ac
commodation he needs. A berth for a vessel
costs from SSO to $250, and large revenues are
obtained in this way. They constitute a most
oppressive tax upon oommeroo and trade.
Believing, therefore, that just and sufficient
grounds exist for your Excellency’s action, wo
would ask that these subjects bo made a mat
ter of special recommendation to the Legisla
ture at the approaching session. We hope also
that your co-operation and assistance will not
be wanting in obtaining for us the relief which
wo so urgently noed. We remain your Excel
lency’s obedient servants,
Solon Humphbeys, Chm., I Joint Com-
Chas. H. Mabshall, Seo.,.f mitieo.
New York, Deo. 29, 1871.
Looking for the Results.—Gen
tlemen of the Commfttee on the Investigation
of Election Frauds, isn’t it about time that we
saw some of the results of the investigation
Nearly two months have passed and yet not
one of the scoundrels who stuffed ballot-boxes,
miscounted votes, or voted dozens of times
has been arrested. Wo expected that ere this
time we should have had the pleasure of re
cording the fact that some fifty or so of
them had been convicted and sent to the Peni
tentiary. Gentlemen, you must not forget
that the people look to you to fulfill the pledge
which you gave them that every repeater,
ballot-box staffer, and swindling canvasser
against whom proof could be obtained would
bo prosecuted. If you do not make good your
pledge you will be dishonored in the eyes of
the people.
Sent to the Penitentiary. —Five
of the Brooklyn baitot-box staffers have been
convicted and sentenced. The sentences are
very light. One received six months in the
Penitentiary, two four months, and two are
fiand S2OO each, The punishment is in no way
commensurate with the crime, and Judge
McCue has disappointed every honest voter
by hie leniency to the rascals. However, it is
some consolation that t) few of those assassins
of liberty are to do (ho cotihly some service in
the Penitentiary,Tho of Fifty
should see to it that tho sentetloe of the court
is enforced by the prison authorities,
<aw
The -most "resigned” man of. the
present era is Wm. M. Tweed. He has re
signed as Commissioner of Public Works, he
has resigned as an Erie Director, and ho has
resigned himself into ths bonds of the Sheriff.
Tho people will fool resigned when ho tokos 0
new departure to the booutUul mansion of
stone al Sing Sing,
A Happy Change.—“ Boss” Tweed’s
successor to the head of tho Department of
Public Works is Mr. George Van Nort, recent
Controller of the Central Park. Mr. Van Nort
is a gentleman of fine executive abilities, and
brings to his new position a varied experience
in tho management of public works of import
ance. Ho is a gentleman of unblemished rep
utation, and tho affairs of his now office will be
conducted with the strictest economy, and he
will give more attention to the interests of tho
people than to those of sineourlsts. Mr. Van
Nort is a Republican in politios—not one of the
blatant, swaggering sort, one day a Republican
and tho next a Democrat, but a Republican
all the time from conviction. A bettor man
oould not have been found to fill the position
of Commissioner of Public Works. The change
from the grasping and unscrupulous Tweed
to tho honorable Van Nort Is a very groat and
happy one. Lot us have some more of the
same sort.
“Down the Hill” w the title of
what we thought a conundrum which we re
ceived on Saturday. Wo struggled with it as
though it wore a mortal foe, but we couldn’t
overcome it. Wo even stood on our head, at
tho risk of losing the few hairs which decorate
tho capital of our manly column, and we found
ourselves still in ignorance of tho densest.
We examined it through a microscope, and
oould make nothing of it. Suddenly we had a
brilliant idea. Wo called the Devil—not the
infernal fiend, but one an infernal sight worse.
Wo said blandly to him
“Imp," art thou—a solver of riddles, an
answerer of conundrums, an expounder of
enigmas.”
I art,” ho answered.
“Answer that conundrum, then, 1 was our
reply, handing him Down the Hill.’’
He took it, examined it for a minute, and
then, bursting into a sneering laugh, said
“This ’ere ain’t a conundrum—it’s poetry.”
Impossible I Bead and convince us, oh I
wisest of fionds.”
He road as follows—
Say not to me 'tis melody
Those wintry nights so keen
I’m aiok—l’m sore—l’m getting pore.
I’m going down, down, down the hill.”
“And that's what you call poetry? Now,
young and brilliant discoverer, on Tuesday
morning take this poetry and mako the fire
with it. The author is probably at present
suffering from on attack of delirium tremens,
and it would be wrong in us to forever blast
his reputation by publishing that which he
penned in his moments of driveling idiooy.”
There will boa bonfire in the Dispatch
office on Tuesday morning. The author of
Down the Hill” can make one of the auditory
should he feel so inclined.
The Way of the World. —The Lon
don Times is delighted now-a-days with every
thing which the United States does, and never
loses an occasion to praise our people and
government. This is a charming change since
the days when the brutal Yankees” did
nothing right, and chivalrio gentlemen of the
Southern Confederacy could do nothing
wrong. The solution of this is A few years
ago it looked as though the United States was
going down tho hill” at a rapid rate—now it’s
away up at the top. Truly, the Times is a
good friend in prosperity.
Defunct.—Our neighbor, the Lead
er, has.shuffled off this mortal coil. The last
number was Issued on Saturday. We are sor
ry for the death of this paper, which, aside
from its politics, was a credit to journalism.
In dying it made no lamentations, but gave up
the ghost with a emile all over its genial face.
He’ll Overcome It.—The evening
papers of yesterday stated that James Fisk,
Jr., had been attacked by the small-pox. We
bet he’ll wrestle” with and overcome the dis
ease. ’Ho soothed the Mansfield fever, and
that was a duced sight severer in its manifest
ation than the most virulent small-pox.
Tne Evening Post proteats against
the ladies furnishing wine to gentlemen on
New Year’s Day. Should the ladies not give
any wine, the callers won’t be near so numer"
ous or spirited, and instead of winera tho
ladies will have io entertain whiners.
A COMMENDABLE PRACTICE. The
practice of making country friends a New
Year’s gift of a year's subscription to a news
paper is a most highly commendable one.
Our readers should all take the hint with
Dispatch.
Masons will find the Masonic De
partment of the present issue exceedingly
interesting. It is every word original. Even
those not Masons will find pleasure as well as
profit in perusing the Masonic intelligence.
The Express says that there are
thousands of places in Philadelphia where
liquor is sold. We do not believe it. All our
sampling proves to us that Philadelphians sell
a pretty good imitation of liquor.
and (Ms.
Frenchmen get queer ideas into
their heads at times. Wo once read of one
who said, immediately after the death of his
wife, that lie could never bo happy in this world
again. So he went out to buy a pan of char
coal with which to put an end to his miserable
existence. On his way he met a lady with
whom he had a nodding acquaintance. They
entered into conversation. He forgot tho
charcoal, and accompanied her home, In a
week the would-be suicide was no longer a
widower. We never heard, however, whether
he was happy in this world again or not. He
wasn’t like the young Frenchman whose boots
were too tight and hurt him greatly while be
was taking a stroll in Central Park. He sud
denly sighed, lifted his eyes to heaven, pulled
a card and pencil from his pocket, and wrote
Bury me where my body is found.” Then ho
drew forth a pistol, inserted the barrel in bis
mouth, and pulled the trigger. We are grieved
to state that this romantic gentleman’s request
was not granted. He was buried in Potter’s
field. Unlike this fellow was the witty widow
er who said: “When a Frenchman loses his
wife it is at first a duty to weep over her loss,
then it becomes a habit, and then a pleasure.”
We like this last. Frenchman the best of the lot.
The Cincinnati Times-Chronicle
says a dissipated acquaintance of ours, and
not an old one either, having been at pains to
compute the quantity of coffee he has con
sumed “since he has been old enough to but
ton his own suspenders," (we quote his own
mode of expression), at tho rate of three pints
per diem, hands us the result, as one hundred
and two and' three-quarter barrels, and ex
pects to repeat the exploit if he lives and noth
ing happens.” A friend to whom we showed
the above, who is very heavy on lager, sat
down at once and gave us the following statis
tical information: I have drunk beer for
twenty years. I average drinking 25 glasses a
day, which gives a total of 182,500 glasses; or
ever 2,212 kegs. And I’d like to be able to
drink twice as much before I die." This in
dividual would make a healthy member of a
temperance society.
Curiosity is a big thing. It is not
every man who is gifted with tho spirit of in
quiry to so an alarming extent as to imperil
his life. If the Titusville (Pa.) Herald is to be
believed they’ve got a follow out that way
who is so inspired with the spirit of science that
ba is reckless of his life. It says: “We had
supposed that the time had passed by when
men went smelling around inside of oil or ben
zine tanks with lighted lanterns or cigars, but
it appears not, for a man at Parker’s Landing,
went into a tank with a burning lantern, while
it was being pumped into the former, and the
gas igniting, tho bystanders were treated to
what they supposed to bo Lucke’s comet going
through tho skies with a nebula of ooat-talls,
suspenders, and tank timber following. We
are glad he was not seriously injured, and
sorry that soToral buildings in the Tieialty were
buruad.”
Ab a fashionably dressed young
lady passed somo gentlemen, the other day,
one of them raised his hat, whereupon another,
struck by the fine appearance of the lady, made
some inquiries concerning her, andwas an
swered thus She makes a pretty ornament
in her father’s house, but otherwise is of no
use.’’ Well, vot hot hit as the great Jim
my Twitoher used to say. Who the deuce
wouldn’t sooner have a pretty ornament in the
house than even the most useful of shrews
The use of birds is to sing, and of handsome
women to array themselves In beautiful robes
and look “splendid." Wo know of several la
dies who will agree with this view of the mat
ter.
Wb like the Western way of doing
things. Thera is a dash about the people that
isn't to be found in the East, We have known
of a man riding to the planting” of his de
ceased wife, and on the same day go on a spree,
get into a Creo fight, gouge out a few eyes, and
then return to hie own home, happy in the
knowledge that he had done his duty as a
Christian and asserted his American manhood.
Recently a case as peculiar, though not like
the one we have recited, occurred in Kansas. A
man sent for a clergyman to preach his wife’s
funeral sermon and incidentally to marry him,
at tlio close of the discourse, to a young wo
man whom ho had selected on the death of his
spouse. That’s what we call doing the matter
up tn real business-like style.
The editor of the Paola Democrat
lost a son the other day. It seems the embryo
editor went skating with some friends, and not
returning at nightfall, the anxious parent or
ganized a party and sot out in search of him.
After tramping about for several hours some
one reported that Little Breeches” was snug
ly ensconced before a neighbor’s fire, where he
had been for some time “pert, and chipper,
and sassy." Did’nt that fond parent caress
his boy with the tenderest endearments, and
call him pet names 1 You bet. The endear
ments were so fervent that the boy was able to
sit on a stool without pain at the end of two
weeks.
Foa oh fob oh 1 tho hobby is for
got,” may have been tho experience of Hamlet,
but our youngsters are just as anxious for
them as tho children were throe hundred years
ago. Crandall Co., of No. 562 Third
avenue, have the finest assortment of hobby
horses to bo found anywhere. Tho presenta
tion to a youngster of one of their “S'uoo-Fly
Rooking Horses" will make his heart sing with
joy. Purchasers of toys should give Crandall
Co. a call and examine his large, excellent
and varied stock.
The Atlanta, Ga., correspondent of
the Augusta Chronicle and Sentinel tells the
following story “The ‘woman’s right’ act;
giving a wife a cause of action against a party
selling liquor or anything to her Husband while
drunk, and allowing the proceeds of the fine to
to go to the wife, was passed. The most notice
able comment evoked by the passage of the
bill came from Whit. Anderson, the courteous
and popular messenger of tho Senate. ‘Now,’
said Whit., ‘lean afford to got married, for my
wife can easily support the family on the fines
I will bring her’
At one of the New Orleans schools,
a class-teacher, with a view to impress upon
the little ones the then coming Thanksgiving
time, put the question What important day
will occur during the week?” What was her
astonishment to suddenly see a bevy of dimin
utive specimens rise quickly up, and with one
accord exclaim: “The great prizefight be
tween Mace and Coburn will oome off' on Thurs
day I” The dear children didn’t think it was
only to be a walking match.
“A New System of Instruction in
the Indian Club Exercise,” is the title of an ex
cellent work on the subject which has recently
been published by Thomas O’Kane, of No. 130
Nassau street. The explanations are presented
in such plain and simple language, that they
cannot be misunderstood by any reader. Ten
plates illustrate the text. Any one intending
to make use of Indian Clubs should purchase
and study this work, as more harm than good
is often the result of injudicious gymnastic
exercise.
The Chicago Tribune waxeth sar
castic: “Vanderbilt wants to buy tho Hoosao
tunnel for a family vault. Tho Pennsylvania
railroad requires the Boston, Hartford, and
Erie road to supply Thomas Scott with wooden
nutmegs and shoe-peg oats for feeding his nu
merous State Legislatures. First class in ge
ography, stand up I What is the population of
the United States Answer—Five, viz.: Tho
mas Scott, Cornelius Vanderbilt, Leland Stan
ford, Jay Gould, and William 8. Orton.”
The following is the happy man
ner in which obituraries are written for the
Kansas papers:
“A youth, during a political discussion,
knocked tho butt ofthis gun on the floor to em
phasize an argument. His fellow debaters at
tended his funeral mi a body."
“Ellen Norton thought she could jump from
a three-story window without hurting the side
walk. Ellen was right, but she won’t take any
more jumps. Sweet is the sleep of tho jump
ist.”
Oh tho public road between Meri
den and Hartford, in Connecticut, stands a
low, dingy hovel, within which, over a rickety
bar, concentrated death is dealt out in decoc
tions of benzine, at the moderate price of five
cents a glass. Directly opposite is the town
burying-grouud, and the thirsty wayfarer
smiles grimly as he roads over the door of the
saloon, the cheerful and appropriate inscrip
tion, “Key to the cemetery within.”
This is the description of an infant
in Fentress county, Tennessee Tho prodigy
is only three years old, and weighs seventy
five pounds, has as much board as a twenty
year-old, his feet are eight inches long, though
small for one of his build; ho is fond of tho
girls, but the boys ho detests his voice is
coarse, and his fits of passion are terrific.”
Barnum, Wood, or some other exhibitor of
curiosities will drop on that lovely infant.
A Montgomery, Ala., bar-room has
an educated fly which rubs its head, walks
lame, shoulders arms, etc., in obedience to its
master's command. Its proprietor has put a
blue ribbon round its neck to distinguish it
from its companions. The gun it uses is an
old confederate army musket, and in walking
lame the other day, it stumbled and fell, and
has since been confined to its room. Its phy
sicians entertain hopes of its recovery.
Mbs. Henderson, of Raleigh, N. C.,
never has had any luck with husbands, to
speak of, as two have been hung, and a third
is under arrest for murder. She would like
to make the acquaintance of a real nice moral
man, with a view to matrimony. No wonder
the poor lady is discouraged trying to live
happily, but men are so uncertain.
Two young ladies at Greenwich,
Conn., last week, thought to play a joke upon
their father, by dressing as men and ringing
at the door, and abusing the servant (by agree
met with her.) It didn’t take long for the
father to step out and kick one of tho men off
the piazza down four or five steps to the
ground. The other begged for mercy.
A little boy in Chelsea astonish
ed his mother, the other evening, by a rather
abrupt flight from grave to gay. Finishing his
nightly prayer with, I pray the Lord my soul
to keep,” ho, with a sudden change of tone and
manner, proceeded, “For I’m Captain Jinks of
the horse marines I”
A Florida man lately offered to
fight an alligator with a butcher's knife for
SSOO a side. As the challenge has been open a
month, and no alligator has oome down with
bis money or an acceptance of tho challenge,
tho man claims to be the ohamplon alligatorlst.
A French astronomer predicts that
the moon will fall on the earth in 592 years.
We don't believe it, and intend to ait up that
night and aoo if it does,
As ill-naturod cotomporary says
that Rhode Island goea for narrow guage rail
roads because sho wants both rails to bo in her
territory
I The chirping ftfid singing of the
cricket and grasshopper are frequently spoken
of but they do not sing—they tTSJIe. By rub
bing wings and logs together—each in a
manner peculiar to the species—these insects
produce tho sounds which characterize them.
Perhaps our best instrumental performer is
tho “katy-did.” Each wing contains a little
tambourine, and by the opening and shutting
of the wings these are rubbed against each
other, and produce tho sound of katy-did
she-did,” which can be heard at a long dis
tance, and gives the insect its name.
The North Polo has suddenly shifted
to Auburn. The Adeerlfser takes tho matter
coolly as follows “A gentleman pulled his left
oar out of his overcoat pocket at noon Thurs
day, it having frozen off while he was raising
his hat to a lady.”
A local paper informs us that in
stead of shaking dies” they wrestlo" for the
bear in Lansingburg, N. Y. Tho fellow who is
so unfortunate as to have his feet shoot out
from under him, pays tho “shot.”
Aleok Stevens has taken to making
jokes in tho Atlanta Sun. They’re a doosid
sight heavier than his flve-oolumn editorials.
In a lato number he calls Gov. Bullock “his
ex-Oxcellenoy.”
A man in Nebraska said he could
handle a rattlesnake tho same way as a enako
charmer. The churlishness of tho undertaker
in demanding pay in advance delayed tho fu
neral four days.
A south-western paper offers this
inducement: All subscribers paying in ad
vance will ba entitled to a first-class obituary
notice in ease of death."
A cynical old bachelor says that it
is tho privilege of hoops to surround tho love
liest of all things, among which are girls and
whisky.
One button was found where a
Missourian had boon seen sitting upon a keg
of powder, smokiug a cigar, a few minutes be
fore.
Chicago haa fourteen lecturers in
the field. This is her gratitude for all that has
been done for her.
SMALbPOXjfIDEMIC.
GREAT DANGER TO THE
PUBLIC HEALTH.
THE VIEWS OF
New York, Dec. 28; 1871.
To the Editor of the N. F. Dispatch
Small-pox, tho moat loathsome of contagious dis*
eases, has, through the negligence of proper sanitary
and quarantine regulations, filled our fair city again
with its victims. And on whose head rests the terri
ble responsibility of all this Not directly on ono or
two, perhaps, can this criminal neglect be fairly
charged, but on tho heads of all those who regularly
sign receipts for their salary, received for service
on Quarantine. Shame on this ago of reform when
the people allow mon to remain in office to watch
ovetf the approach of contagion, and guard them
from it, who, when contagion of the vilest kind
raged in Philadelphia, calmly quarantined a ship
that had several cases of simple diarrhoea on board,
and allowed all passengers from the above-named
city, hundreds in number, to enter the metropolis
without word or question.
It will be urged, and in perfect truth, that cases of
sma’.l-pox had already appeared in our city when the
disease broke out in Philadelphia; but the fact still
remains patent that not a year closes that does not
record some deaths from small-pox on our health
blanks. Isolated cases occur every Fall, and it is
exceptional that every month in the year does not
show the same.
Even in 1868, when the disease was almost at its
lowest ebb here, the books at the Small-Pox Hospital
show a total of 291 oases admitted during the year.
There can ba no doubt that the disease in all its
virulence was imported hero from tbe City of Broth
erly Love during tho Fall just passed, and that had
proper precautionary measures been adopted in
time,
THE GHASTLY ROLL
now presented would never have appeared. Few
persons have even now any conception of the disease
and its fearful appearance, nor will they bo roused
from their torpor and made to see their danger in
its true light until the Health Board cease their at
tempts at concealment and boldly do their duty.
Let them follow the praise-worthy example set by
the Superintendent of the Brooklyn Health Board,
and declare that small pox is epidemic in New York
City.
“A danger concealed becomes more dangerous than
before.”
That such is the case there is no disguising. There
are reported at the office of the Board of Health every
Yeek from forty to over one hundred cases, and
there are few physicians in tho city who have not at
least one case under their charge not reported. To
be sure the physicians run the risk of a fine, but
there are few patients in moderate circumstances
who are not willing to pay their doctor’s fine if ne
cessary, sooner than be reported and sent to dwell
amid the untold
HORRORS OF A SMALL POX HOSPITAL.
Perhaps there is no place used as a receptacle for
the rich more horrible in its details than an institu
tion of this kind. Any one having ever seen a case
of {confluent small-pox can better Imagine than de
scribe it. The sores having massed together In one
largo mask upon the face, burying all semblance of
humanity beneath, every point dripping its deadly
poison and distilling a fetor which it is impossible
to describe, bearing with its fearful odor the awful
infection of the disease, every part of the mass and
healthier tissue around Itching till all mental sway
is gone, and the patient sinks into delirium, only to
endj>erhaps with death, and ’certain, if life recovers
from the shook, to find himself or herself disfigured
for life.
In the face of tho facts, can the Health Board do
their duty if tho city is not instantly placed under
those sanitary restrictions which experience has
proven to be the best humanity can devise.
IMPURE AIR AND FOOD,!
can in a great measure be done away with; and a
hearty 00-opcration of the Municipal authorities can
obtain all that can be done. If the work is not com
menced soon, other cities will quarantine New York.
It needs but a glance to show an observer of the
streets and tenements on the east side, down town,
how much invitation is, thrown out to this loathsome
disease. North river slums, under crowded tene
ments, throw out the same fascinations. But above
all, the classic locality of the Five Points and the
streets radiating therefrom, muoh as they have been
improved by the mission work and the building of
fine store edifices, can show more filth and pest
houses, within a limited area, than even the once
famous, but now departed tenements of the Seven
Dials, so noted in its time for misery and wretched
ness. Hundreds of families huddled together in a
single small house, promiscuous Intermingling of all
saxes, colors, and ages, dirt and rags the most prom
inent features, men, women, and children bloated
with disease, pinched with hunger, or delirious
with drink of the most poisonous quality, all either
crowded the closer for warmth for their poor, miser
ble, frozen bodies, or, in the other extreme, in a
room where a red-hot stove makes the already poi
sonous atmosphere nearer deadly. Buch scenes are
what anyone can see in the
“MODEL” TENEMENT HOUSES
of Baxter, Mulberry, and Mott streets, where the
very snow cannot retain its chastity, but mingles
with the fetid garbage and ground floor drains of the
vilest description, to form a vile gutter-flood whose
dread miasma sows fresh disease in the frames of the
poor wretches who are doomed to inhale it. Once
this scourge, small-pox, is fairly planted here, and it
will sweep over the metropolis of America, killing its
thousands daily, and leaving behind it the indelible
lines of its work, which can never be effaced. Already
death stalks in this, its most hideous form, in Water
street and the adjacent purlieus, and is gaining
ground every day, while the Health Board keep tho
silence so far maintained.
But the day is not far distant when even they wiil
be compelled to sppak out, and the fancied security
of the people will bo rudely broken when it is too
late.
THE PHYSICIANS OF THE BOARD
are working hard at vaccination, but which of them
ever seas the patient tho second time In the hurry
of tho moment, many cases are passed with a super
ficial breaking of the outer akin, and tho virus is
unabsorbed; they go on their way with a sense of
security which renders them only tho likely
expose themselves to the disease.
The New Year may usher in suoh scafias of deso
lation and death as never yet have been imagined in
tho fair city of Gotham. That epidemic which has
cost many useful lives as it has swept over the Old
World and the Now, time after time, in the footsteps
of its twin brother. Cholera, now in its most virulent
aspect rages among us, and yet the authorities dare
not expose their criminal neglect by declaring that,
despite their endeavors, we have an epidemic, kill
ing scores weakly, directly with us, and that sudden
and special sanitary measures alone can inspire any
confidence in those whom we have placed in pool
Uom to guard ths pubUo health 4 Phymouk.
Suiiduy jZdxLcii. X(sctiiA b6r 31.
JUSTICE LAST I
THE BROOKLYN BALLOT-BOX
STUFFERS.
Their Conviction and Sentence.
THE LOiMO AGONY FINALLY OVER.
Til® COURT HOUSE A SOURCE OF PES
TILENCE.
Sissalf-Pox: in the Street Cara.
At Jasti The long agony is finally over, and de
cayed justice has overtaken her victims, McGiff and
Weldon, the Sixth Ward election inspectors, have
met the fate they so justly merited. Their associate,
Shandley,.was acquitted by the jury, after two or
three attempts to associate Weldon with him in 9
recommendation for mercy,
THE TRIAL
was begun on Tuesday, after the counsel for the de
fense had succeeded in obtaining a jury from a spe
cial panel of three hundred and fifty, Two days
were consumed la the proceedings of the trial, and
it was not until Wednesday night, at eleven o’clock,
that tho jury succeeded in agreeing upon a verdict.
The evidence produced was, If possible, more con
demnatory then that of the previous trial. It was a
perfect culmination all through. New witnesses
were placed upon the stand, and their testimony
only stamped the perpetrators of the crime as being
more guilty than was at first supposed.
THE CRIMINALS
were provided with a lawyer a pieoe. They bad as
sociated Mr. Charles Spencer, an able lawyer, with
their two former counsel, but the combined talents
of tho threo legal gentlemen were unable to cope
with the tireless energy, professional ability and skill
of District Attorney Morris. His address to tho jury,
which, as ho stated, would probably be tho last one
ha should ever deliver before a jury as a prosecuting
officer, lasted two hours, and was a powerful forensic
effort, and held the large audience eq>oll-bound.
Tho court-room was packed with a deeply Interested
crowd of spectators. The unwashed predominated
in the gallery, and made the air redolent with the
fumes of tobacco, whilo tho floor was filled with a
motley crowd of lawyers, politicians. Reform Com*
mitteemerr, and the better class of citizens. It wa»
an up-hill fight for tho District Attorney, but the ob<
staolos thrown in his way seemed only to increase
his earnestness and zea l Strong
EFFORTS WERE MADE TO THROW THE CASE
OVER
to tho next term, when his term of office would have
expired. No doubt tho defendants and their friends
thought that his successor, Mr. Britton, would ba
more easily influenced, and no!- have so much
at stake in securing their conviction as would Judge
Morris. It had been pretty strongly intimated te
him that upon the manner in which he conducted
the prosecution in the election cases would depend
his chances for future success. His friends, also,
had intimated this to him, and hence every consid
eration of ambition prompted him to use every ef
fort to carry the case for the people. Ho has ful
filled his duty to the satisfaction of the people, and
now it remain-3 to be seen whether tho authorities
will
DARE TO NULLIFY
the decision of the jury, by allowing the criminals
to escape or neglecting to enforce the punishment.
At half past four the jury retired, but returned at
half past six, and stated that they had agreed upon
a verdict. They found McGiff guilty of the charge
contained in the indictment, and Shandley and Wel
don guilty of gross neglect of duty. Mr. Spencer
Immediately sprang to bls feet and asked that a ver
dict of acquittal for Shandley and Weldon be en
tered upon tho minutes of the court. Judge Mc-
Cue refused to do this, and informed the jury that ho
cou’d not accept suoh a verdict, and that they must
either convict or acquit. After a short consultation
tho foreman asked if they could return a verdict of
guilty with recommendation to mercy. This also tho
judge refused to receive, as it would amount to noth
ing.
After some further discussion theyjretired, and the
court adjourned until eleven o’clock. At that time,
the jury brought in a verdict of guilty, in reference to
McGiff and Weldon, but acquitting Sharidly. Shand
ly’s escape was duo to tho effort of his special coun
sel, Mr. Spencer, and tho testimony given upon the
trial as to his “good character” even if he be inno
cent,! illustrates tho fact that a man is judged by
tho company he keeps
But now comes the doubtful part of the proceed
ings. The judge announced that sentence would bo
passed upon Saturday, and then allowed tho two
prisoners, McGiff and Weldon
TO GO ON BAIL
until that time.
There' are a hundred politicians in Brooklyn, who
would pay twice tho amount of bail in order to set
the prisoners free. Judge McCue could. ft)t hava
been ignorant of this fact, for he has been long
enough connected with the McLaughlin Ring,
to know all the tricks of the politicians. Some of
those politicians have been shaking in their shoes
ever since tho arrest of theis ballot-box stuffors, for
fear- that they would become terrified at tho pros
pect of punishment before them, and save them
selves by exposing those high in authority, who
hired them to do their wicked work. Judge MoOuo
could not have been Ignorant of this fact either,
Under these circumstances, the acceptance of ball
was ominous of a defeat of justice, and led one to
think that the trial may turn out to boa solemn and
expensive farce.
But the people are watchful, and trifling will not
be endured. Two years ago, the repeaters convicted
were allowed to escape through the fingers of the
law; but this time it must not be—justice must ba
satisfied, or the people will know the reason why.
SENTENCE OF THE BALLOT-BOX STUFFERS.
On Saturday morning the convicted criminals,
McGiff, Weldon, Kenny, Worth, and Terry, were
brought before Judge McCue, who sentenced them
as follows; McGiff was sent to the Penitentiary for
six months; Weldon and Kenny for four months;
and Worth and Terry' were fined S2OO each. Oon«
sidering the crime of which these rascals have been
found guilty, the sentences are exceedingly Light
Still, if they are faithfully carried out, t-ne people of
Brooklyn will be content that the scoundrels have
got at least a portion of their deserts.
THE SMALL-POX.
The officials of tho Health Board have at last suc
ceeded in effecting a most satisfactory “red tape
formula in reference to the small-pox, and after a
week’s delay, the necessary certificate of the official
fact that small pox is becoming an epidemic in
Brooklyn, has been laid before the city guardians
and acted upon. It is to be hoped, now that the
officials are acquainted with what every man, wo
man, and child knew before, something will be done
to stay the ravages of the dread disease. A common
sort of doctor would have got through the document
within six hours, but the brilliant genius of Health
Officer Cochran, coupled with the executive ability
of Corporation Counsellor De Witt, took a week to
put the portentous document through in proper
shape.
Any one reading the Brooklyn daily papers must
co«ge to the conclusion that
THE COURT-HOUSE
is the place from which tho small-pox is propagated.
Health Officer Cochran orders that aU persons ha*,
ing the small-pox shall report at the Health Office, lo
cated in the Court-House, and from there be sent to
the small-pox hospital at Flatbush. A few days ago
a very lively stampede took place in the Court-House,
caused by a man with the disease in a very flourish
ing condition, running about the building inquiring
for the Health Office. Tho astute Cochran says the
disease is
PROPAGATED IN THE STREET CARS.
Very true. Tho other evening a man with a well
advanced •‘scab,” rode for some distance in ono of
the Fulton avenue cars. But what makes (ho pa
tients go in the street cars? Nothing but the order
above alluded to, that they shall report at the Health
Office. It is not to be wondered at that the doctor
calls it “epidemic,” when he is doing his best to
make it so. He must enjoy the fun of the thing.
The public would like to know, also, where the
enormous sums have gone that have been appropri
ated to the use of the Health Office. The investiga
tions in the Common Counciljshow that a large por
tion was expended for refuse limo from the Jackson
Chemical Works, and also that a fat slice went to
George Hardy for
“EGYPTIAN DISINFECTANT POWDERS.”
composed of street sweepings, homceopathically
treated with carbolic acid, and then dumped in to
fill up swamp and mud holes at so muoh per load.
These model contractors testified before the Common
Council that they kept books of their accounts until
the books got full, and then threw them away, and
made their bills from memory alone.
A short time ago, the Health Officer called upon
the Mayor and said the Board was out of money,
and they must have some, as the small-pox was epi
demic. The Mayor Informed him that there was no
money; whereupon Cochran said that he musk have
money, or he could not work, and wished the Mayor
to take the keys and be responsible for the results.
It would have been better if the Mayor had taken
him at his word, and appointed a man who possessed
some qualifications for the office beside braes and
Ignorance. These two requisites seam to be unneces
sary to a proper fulfillment of the duties of the post*
tion. A reform might be instituted with good effect
in that direction. The latest appropriation is tea
thousand dollars, which is demanded to pay the
extra expenses incurred by wholesale
How long It ffiil IhL It U UnvoaaiWe tee Uta.