INIOXANDJlMERICM,
"(foKPs'nll 'hint steady'ln New York"
at llT)lltX,l"ITmI
last evening at 64i-6rbdtfilssne H85 fejfj lit Etl
Caryoscontlnwasln fttfTequcstFoS tbA
wwTorkWrlatktl8IcforMddltn5.'t
The coal tliat left KttsbnjsridikTkifii'mor Fusion against Grant.
covered four nunorea ana forty boats and
barges, was towed by fifty-one tugs, and
contained 5,000,000 bushels (200,000 tons).
Uf h "1
,-,SSSTOa,.atnffl4';
fljaffl wVudidns abouC.Tljoso eif
gagedin laying jthe irack.-of thedSt, Louis
and Evansviile Railway through the city on
Suadayjjwerg amsledobatfiJbri.aK-i
s-v
Fred vlfcuwasM)jp. Radical caudi-
date for Assembly In the BecondJldUtrict1of J
Monroe conntv. New York. The official
returns are-airBS follows;- A -j. 5
Wlllers (Dein) 5,043 Lord (Dem) .5,430
5cribuer(Ki 4,898 Douglass $0)4,250.
DerafrmajyJ.'Jlitf' Dem niaj.... 1,18a
-v .Oversis hundred Republicans voted for
Scribner'wlid did not vote for.Fxed. Doug
lass.Xhfa'h'an'Ulnstratlon")iTlaaicallove for the negro.-' -dntbe South' Uio Radicals
court the negro, and often votefor and elect
him to office, but lnltlitj Nbrth, .whero there
arc ,but few negroes, tlie. white Radical?
haw no use for them except as vpters.,
biississipp: monnso iiekself.
The Southern States have gradually
thrown oft" the Radical yoke. Texas-was"
the last State to do this, and now Missis
sippi ready. One more effort and she
will bo free. The Jackson Clarion of the
17tli inst.ays "It is impossible to state
with precision how the popular vote of the,
Sufe' stood iii the late election. There was no
candidate to "be voted for by the people at
large, and in many of the counties there
was no organized opposition to tho party
which happened to be clearly in the ascend
ant! Thus, in some of tho northern and
eastern.countics there was no organization
against tho Conservatives by the Radicals
as in some of the River counties there was
no organized opposition by the for
mer to the latter. But, In so far as a
conclusion may be drawn from the
immense gains in the election of members
of the popular branch of tho Legislature,
It may be safely assumed that the oppose rs
of Radical misrule are in the ascendant in
this State, by from fire to ten thousand
majority. The way is open to a sweeping
triumph at the next election, which will
place Mississippi alongside of Virginia, Mis
souri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama,
Gjeorgia, North Carolina and Texas."
TKAXPLIXG OX TEXAS.
In Texas, as in every other part of the
South where the Radicals hold sway,
Grant's organization is working systematic
ally to produce the grand result for which
Radicalism exists the re-election of the
President, and the retention of power by
his party. To secure these two great ends
no device is left untried, no artifice is con
sidered too despicable to be resorted
to. The last evidence of this
comes from a Radical resident of
Limestone county, Texas. He writes
to a friend in New York a letter dated Oct.
28, that martial law has been proclaimed in
Limestone and Freestone counties, by tho
Radical Governor. The crime of the two
counties was the choosing of a Democratic
representative in the recent election. Not
withstanding this fact, however, a certifi
cate of election lias been issued to the de
feated candidate. To give a color of jus
tice to tills it was necessary to liave
martial law proclaimed in the two
counties. The manner in which it was
done is described as follows: "They con
cocted a plan to have the police kill an
Innocent man at Groesbeck, and let the
Governor declare us under martial law.
You have doubtless seen a statement made
to the Governor by five or six men from
Springfield, all carpet-baggers and who dont
pay one dollar tax into the Slate or county,
while hundreds of the very best citizens of
the county testified exactly the reverse, t0
which the Governor paid no attention
at all. We are to pay a tax of
$50,000, levied by tho Governor to pay
the expenses of bringing the State police
into our midst." The writer continues:
Now, I am no Democrat, and never was,
but such Republicanism as we liave is
worse than any Democracy I ever had
anything to do with. With a fair expres
sion of the people of Texas they will vote
00,000 Democratic majority. If we can
ever get another general election, the
whole thing will change about. Some
thirty or forty of the very best citizens
and merchants of Grocsbeeck are under
heavy bonds all for trying to keep the
peace. .1. J. Lewis and AV. G. Randall are
among the number. I don't see how the
A people bear it like they do. The only way
I can account for it is as the Radical party
WISH U) UriYU U1CU1 WJ uuayuianuu imvxusu
them to do something bad, so that political
capital can be made out of it. Our whole
trouble lies with the Governor, who, it is
supposed, is trying to arrange matters for
President Grant. Nothing but tlie bayonet
can cany this State for the Radical party.
In the election just passed men were selected
at every county seat with an express view
to carry the election their own way, and
they failed 60 far as the votes were con
corned, and are now drhen to the necessity
of throwing out enough counties to carry
their men through. You have no idea of
the downright rascality that lias been prac
tised upon tlie good people of Texas. God
only knows when we are to have relief from
sucli everlasting outrages."
Mn. Jameps Jkffbies, residing near
Jamestown, Ky., says the Louisville Jour
rial, says that he was married
before he was seventeen years old,
his wife being only five days younger than
himself. Tliy lived together seven years
without children, when his wife gave birth
to twins, a bov and a girl. In tho fifteen
ycirs which "followed, nineteen children
rlere born to the happy couple, each of the
Urst three birtlis being twins, and each sub
sequent birth alternating between twins
anil single birtlis, until the fifteen years
were accomplished,' and nineteen children
composed the family circle, seven pair of
twins beini; born during the time. Mr.
Jeffries is onlv forty-live years old, and is
still youtliful "in appearance and very stout.
His wife nver had better health in all hor
life than at present, though she will not
weigh a hundred pouuds. Her greatest
weight at any time, was 110 pounds. The
boy of the first twins now weighs 105
pounds, the girl 125 pounds. All the boys
who are grown have made largo men; the
girls are of iz siz', and all the children
healthy. Rut li.e out of the nineteen have
died.
A TWO-EDGED JOKE.
That was rather a two-edged jnko which
was made not so long since in tlie Texas
Legislature iuthiswUo: At the late elec
five Democrats were elected to
tlie lower hou'e to fill unexpired terms and on j
coming up to the clerk's desk to qualify took
the CUS toiliarv n.v n u miih i urc niui.w;ui.,
fourteenth, awl fpeenth amendments. At
tliis a sable mcm'ier named Cotton, there
unio incited by a carpet-bag Satan behind
Win, moved that wheaeasi the spectacle of
five' Democrats swallowing all the amend
ments in one day was glory enough the
House do now adjourn. From the Demo
cratic side came a request that the mover
read his resolution over, and then was de
veloped the fiats tltat the Hon. Cotton
could iN'ituer lead nor write, and was then
holding tho nunuscript of his resolution
Ujisflto down.
ESTABLISHED MARCH 30f 1835,''
MwASEraanfoEl
New York, Nov. 22. A special dis
patch from Jhington taahejIJerafef .says,
thaI.aemocratic.andEepubli'win coalition
ag&nsC.jthe" rant. .mors,, ol"whichthe
purpose jsjiolding secret ,cpnfernco.at
ilarrisbiugjthQUjgh' not well definedjjJns
bMr bruited about "for days. Win. M.
Evarts, when he was in Washington weeks
agojvas far from being reserved in his
TY)ftWBpf. .the, Jnexpedicucy-rOf-Grant's-re-'
I lMtmlnatinn. The vlrinrv over Tammanv
nua jine .onspinung jnowveuoijuus suuuuh
f tocethcFof the outs, and the be-
Jief which prevails among the leaders who
are to engineer the new movement, js
i J S it 4.1. t V
(founded ofi.the possibility tha the work of
Teiorm on-e"oegnn may sweep me wuoie
country. Toe lTesiuent seems to oe igno
'rant of the movement.
V'Gen'.Su'tler denounces as a canard the
fwholetoryof tiia.Harrisburg t conference, i
WAinNOTON,' Nov. 22. Thomas J.
Duraht, of Washington, formerly of Loiilsl
an&iKappointed Xh SLAdvocate before the
arCitrators-to settle theclaimrof American
citizens againstpaln, in place of Caleb
Cnshing, resigned;'
Petroleum Reflations.
The Solicitor of the Treasury dectJes
that any passenger, steamboat .carrying per
tralcum wntrary-.to'Jiw, is subject', to seiz
ure, but the oil itself is not; also, that when
carried according to law, all petroleum must
be marked at what degree It will !gnite,and
the transportation of coal oil on passenger
steamer is entirely forbidden.
Indiaa Affairs.
Gen. Walker, now Commissioner of In
siian Affairs, will enter on the duties Mon
day. He did not seek the office, but was
selected because of his peculiar fitness for
it. Dr. Daniels, who was agent at Lake
Traverse lias been appointed to Red Cloud's
agency, and Deristy, the St. Louis agent for
the Spotted Tail's Indians. These agents
were appointed on the recommendation of
the Episcopal Church.
Tttp Bontwell-Pleosontou Affair.
The parties most interested are growing
alarmed at a prospect of the renewal of the
Boutwell-Pleasouton imbroglio in the Sen
ate. Ex-Commissioner Pleasonton's friends
boldly assert his intention to lay the matter
before the Senate, and express confidence
in his final triumph, while sincere wishers
for peace in the Republican party propose
ja compromise of the matter by the nomina
tion anu connrmaiion oi some uisimeresiea
party as Commissioner ot Internal Rev
enue! Ka.Klax Counsel.
David Dudley Field, of New York, has
been employed as Republican counsel to as
sist Reverdy Johnson in the argument of
the Ku-Klux cases in South Carolina. It is
asserted that Judges Bond and Bryan will
not join in an opinion, which will have the
effect of bringing the case before the Su
preme Court here, and thus test the consti
tutionality of the law.
Policy Toward Cuba.
There is an indication that the adminis
tration contemplates a change in the Cuban
policy. The many reports received at the
State Department of tlie brutal outrages
upon Cubans by the Spanish authorities,
and the failure of the latter to keep certain
promises made to this government, have in
duced our authorities to call the attention
of the Spanish Minister to the matter, with
an intimation that this government will be
compelled to interfere unless the evils com
plained of are speedily righted.
Fraud.ulent Cotton Claims.
The payment of the cotton tax claims
has been suspended by order of the Secre
tary of the Treasury. Developments re
cently discovered show tliat the majority
of such suits against the government are
fraudulent in every particular. Parties
owning the cotton have applied for a second
allowance as a refund of the tax exempting
the tare on each bale of cotton, and in
many cases they liave been paid. The
weighers at New Orleans, and other promi
nent cotton ports, have been deducting the
tax for tare, but keep no records of such
payments, and millions of dollars have been
lost to the government in this way.
Senator Vance, of North Carolina.
Senator-elect Vance, of North Carolina,
will not press his claims before the Senate,
it is said, at the coming session, as it is well
understood that the Senate will not agree
to remove his political disabilities so that he
may take his seat. Ex-Senator Abbott, who
claims that he received a majority of all the
loyal votes at the time of Vance's election,
is preparing to urge Ins claim before the
Senate Judiciary Committee in a full and
complete form.
Uu-Klux.
The Hon. J. M. Leach, member of Con
gress from the Fifth Nottii Carolina district,
has been proved a member of the Ku-Klux
Elan, and a warrant has been issued for his
arrest. Several members of the State Legis
lature have also been arrested on the same
cl large.
aiartlal Eaw to bo Proclaimed in
Georgia and Florida.
A special to the New York Etcning Post
says: The Ku-Klux Committee, who are
in session examining the documents bearing
irpon the taxation and debts in the various
sections, state that the sub-committees ap
pointed to go to Georgia and Florida have
not made any formal report yet, but they
will recommend to the President that mar
tial law be declared in both States. In
Florida, especially, the committee find a
startling condition of affairs. In one county
alone there have been more than seventy
five murders bv the Ku-Khix, and all the
Union men have been forced to flee for their
lives. The committee arc of opinion that
the disorders in Georgia and Flor
ida will not cease until martial
law has been declared, and the
strong arm of the military felt in those dis
tricts where the Ku-Klux are most power
ful. By the aid of martial law the mem
bers of "the committee say that the Ku-Klux
organization will be exterminated in the
South before many months. The Presi
dent docs not seem to take exactly the
same view of affairs as do the members of
tlie Investigating Committee. It was said
at the White House yesterday that from in
formation received it was believed that
within three montlis there would not be a
Ku-Klux organization in tho South any
where, and tliat few troubles are now oc
curring. It is considered certain, however,
that the President will follow the recom
.mendation of the committee, and declare
martial law in Florida and Georgia.
ARKANSAS.
Imperial Ticket Grant
Clayton.
Tho
and
Little Rock, Nov. 22. Nearly all the
Olavton official orcans in this State have
hoisted the: names of Grant ard Clayton as
Ttcnnblican candidates for President ana
Vice President.
Ku-Klux.
T?pii. Goincs. colored, was accidently
killed in Ashley county, on Thursday, by a
tree falling on lnra.
A band of about twonty disguised men
passed throueh Richwood, In Randolph
countv. a few ninhts aco. They did no
harm, save to frighten a few citizens, wham
tbey called to their doors. They said mey
were in search of a man. Their costume
was said to have been frizhtful. They are
supposed to have been a portion of the
band who recently infested Stodard county,
Mo.
GEORGIA.
Vole Versus Veto.
Atlanta, Nov. 22. The legislature
passed the election bill for Governor over
a two-thirds majority.
LOUISIANA.
Death of the Etcutcnant-Oovoruor.
New Orleans, Nov. 22. Lieutenant
Governor Oscar J. Dunn (colored) died at
his residence, No. 332 Canal street, after
three days Illness of congestion of the brain
and lungs, aged fil years.
Jtn usMmckJ .YAW
Old England Astonished and Disgusted.
aotcVcK k?.
A Radical Appeal for His Recall.
New Yoke, Nov. 22 The Xondbn
J?conomsrhavlng mentioned with regret
the appearance of the name of United States
Minister, Schenck, as director of one of the
new mining companies, with the remark
that a commercial occupation of any kind
appears certainly incompatible with the
functions of a diplomatist, the New York
Etcning Post to-day expresses hopes that
our government will immediately secall
Schenck, who it says by permitting his
official position to promote stock specula
tion, humiliates the country and shows an
utter want of respect for his high office.
i y-y- mm
ALEXIS.
To the Old Folks at Home.
New York, Nov. 22. Soon after the
arxivalttCithe Grand Duke at liis apart
ments In the Clarendon Hotel he dispatched
the following message to his father by cable:
To the Emperok of Russia, St. Pet
EKsntmp: The entry was cordial and
magnificent reception, parade of the militia
and general holiday injhecity. Alexis.
The same dispatch was sent to the Em
press of Russia in the Crimea.
The naval ball to Alexis occurs on the
night of the 28th.
Plck-Pockets-Scrious Accidents.
The pick pockets did a large business yes
terday along the line of procession. Seve
ral arrests are rppbrted. A great many ac
cidents were reported last night from the
excitement and bustle attending the proces
sion. While the procession was passing
Union Square a pair of horses became
frightened-and ran away, seriously inju ring
three ladies.
Slept Inn Ilammock.
Last night Prince Alexis refused to
sleep on the gorgeous bed provided for his
use, but preferred his own hammock which
had been conveyed to the hotel.
Off for Washington.
Prince Alexis left this morning for
Washington accompanied by minister Cat
acazy and others.
n Route.
Baltimore. Nov. 22. The special train
from New York, conveying Grand Duke
Alexis and party, passed through this city
this evening, leaving Camden station for
Washington a few minutes after 0 o'olock.
Notwithstanding the lateness of the hour, a
crowd ot several hundred persons assem
bled at the Philadelphia depot, and on the
arrival of the' train they broke forth in
hearty cheers, in acknowledgment of which
Alexis appeared on the platform of the car
ana htted his cap several times.
At the Uamden street depot a still larcer
crowd gathered. The Grand"Duke appeared
on the rear platform of the car and was re
ceived by the crowd with three hearty
cheers and a tiger, which was gracefully
recognized by the Prince.
At the Capital.
Washington, Nov. 22. The Grand
Duke arrived ou a special train at 7:30. The
depot was thronged with a large crowd
anxious to see Alexis. The prince and
suite, being in citizens' dress, were not
recognized until they reached the front of
the building, and then but by a few. Cata
cazy's carriage was in waiting. In it, the
Duke, Catacazy, Admiral Passiet and the
principal secretaries took seats and were
driven to tlie house of Catacazy. The rest
of the suite proceeded to the Arlington. The
Grand Duke is the only one of the party
entertained by the Russian Minister.
boon alter tlie Duke was driven to Jlin-
ister Catacazy's residence, the latter called
on Secretary Fish, at the Arlington, to offi
cially inform him of tlie arrival of the
Grand Duke, and to make preliminary ar
rangements for liis presentation to tiie
President to-morrow, whicli will probably
take placa at noon. About half-past S
o'clock a number of foreign ministers called
to pay their respects to the Grand Duke.

ARIZONA.
Scathing Expose of Grauts's Indian
Policy.
San Francisco, Nov. 22. A. P. K.
Safford, Governor of Arizona, publishes an
exliaustive review of the Apache question
in tho Alta this morning. He warmly in
dorses Gen. Crook's policy of uniting the
friendly Indians against the Apaches.
Had (ien. Crook gone on with his plans, it
would liave been but a few months betore
the entire tribes would have sued for peace
on terms that would have insured the safety
of lUes and property of the citizens.
lie denounces Uollyer for dodging
through tlie country, refusing to see or hold
communication with the white settlers,
treating with contempt all overtures from
them, and savs he made no iieace, but only
bribed a few uurenentent Indians with
presents to go on the reservations for a few
days. t
lhe -flfta editorially endorses the Gover
nor, and says he cannot be accused of igno
rance of the subject, nor can his facts be
controverted.
NEW YORK.
Tammany.
New York, Nov. 22. The brother of
Peter R. Sweeney has not left for Europe,
but, by the advice of his physician, went
away from the city for the benefit of his
health.
It is denied tliat ex -Controller Connolly
will turn State's evidence.
At a meeting of the New York Viaduct
Railroad Company, all the Tammany di
rectors resigned, and a new board was elec
ted, thus freeing the Company from the
incubus of Tammany.
Smallpox.
There were forty-three new cases of small
pox last week, and twenty since Saturday.
WY0ULXG.
Worse thnn Tammany!
Omaha, Nov. 22. The report of the
Legislative Committee of Wyoming Terri
tory on the condition of the Treasurer's ac
counts for the past two years, shows a worse
state of affairs than exists in New York.
WOMAN'S RIGHTS.
Tlie Potv-Wow nt Philadelphia.
Philadelphia, Nov. 22. At the meet
ing of the Woman's Suffrage Association
tonlay, resolutions were adopted affirming
that woman's enfranchisement means great
er purity,constancy and permanence in mar
riage; that the discussion of temperance,
peace.and other reforms, is educating women
to their duty as voters, and men to the need
of woman suffrage.
The Executive Committee was requested
to provide competent speakers to argue wo
man's suffrage before the State Legislature
next winter.
nock tho Cradle, Eucy.
Lucy Stone was elected President, and
Vice Presidents from every State were
elected. Julia Ward nowe was elected
Chairman of the Executive Committee and
Mary Grew, Corresponding Secretary. Re
ports were made by delegates from fourteen
State societies.
In the evening addresses were made by
Olias. Burleieh. Margaret Campbell, Ada
Bowles, Elizabeth Churchill, Lucy Stone
nnil Julia Ward Howe. The audienco to
day Vas large, and great enthusiasm was
manifested.
ST. LOUIS.
Snd Death of nn Actress.
St. Louis, Nov. 22. Anne Barry, an
actress, well k;.own in Chicago and other
places, came here a few davs auo in feeble
health, the result of exposure during the
Chicago fire, and died at the Monroe House
to-day, through the incorrect administratieii
of a dose of ilcJIurrers Elixir of opium.
SEVILLE, TENK,
BURNED 'AT SEA.
Appalling Disaster on IhoJConiccticut
'V; .J Coast n-
A Dozen Litcs Known to bo Lost.
Norwich, Ct., Nov. 22. Further par
ticulars ot tue Cuming or the steamer Uit
of New London, of the Norwich and New'
York line, state that the spread of the
flames havingrendered the boats andlife pre
servers inaccessible, the passengers threw
themselves Into the water, clinging to por-tions-of
the cargo "which had been thrown
overboard. "Those who were able to swim
reached the shore. Some were picked up
In an exhausted condition. Some half
dozen of the crew and passengers are still
missing, and it is feared lost, among whom
is C. B. Rogers of this city; The boat and
cargo will be an entire loss. Ther& is ex
citement here a? to the ate of passengers
and crew.
New York, .No v.. 22. Tho steamer City
of New London, which was burned last
night, was valued at $173,000, for which
amount she is insured in Hartford, Nor
wich and New York Insurance Companies.
The agent in this city, at two o'clock this
afternoon, was uncertain whether any of
the crew had been lost, but is almost cer
tain that the steward, Henry Dugan, per
ished, and It Is feared that several of his
companions may have shared his fate.
Eater Details.
Norwich, Conn., Nov. 22. The loss of
life by the City of New London disaster is
greater than anticipated. There were only
seven passengers, but of these Wm. Norton,'
C. B. Rogers and Harrison R. Aldricb, all
of this city, were lost. The officers and
deck-hands known to be lost are Wm. P.
Ely, second mate; W. Baker, engineer,
Henry Dugan, steward; W. Cooper, second
cook; Frank Flowers, waiter; Warren
Mitchell, Driscoll, Sullivan, Patrick Maho
ney and Thos. Rourke, deck hands.
The New London carried a cargo of
heavy freight, principally cotton, rags, gro
ceries, leather, hides, etc., which, together
with the boat, are a total loss. On account
of the absence of the manager of the line
from the city, is is impossible to ascertain
the insurance. It is understood the
boat was insured for a hundred thousand
The fire extinguishing apparatus and life
saving appliances were ample and in per
fect order, but the rapid spread of the flames
cut off the approach to the boats, and the
saloon where the life preservers were.
The passengers and crew had to save them
selves by grasping such floating matter as
fell overboard from the burning boat.
The officers of the boat, particularly the
Captain and Engineer, receive great praise
for their coolness and bravery in their try
ing position, tlie former escaping by lower
ing himself from the paddle box by heav
ing a line when the avenues of escape were
-closed by the flames, and clinging to the
paddles untu rescued in an exhausted con
dition; and the latter losing his life after
giving a life preserver which he got from
liis room on the upper deck, to tho only
lady, who by its aid was saved.
Tke origin of the fire is a matter of un
certainty, but supposed to have in some
way taken rise in the kitchen when the cook
went to kindle the fire for breakfast. One
account says it was b the poker, heated by
raking down the fire, being placed against a
pine partition, but nothing reliable is
known.
CIUUAUO.
Delinquents to be Eooked after.
Chicago, Nov. 22. A meeting of pol
icy holders of suspended insurance compa
nies was held at Stanard Hall tlds evening.
Col. Messer presided. The committee of
ten, appointed at a previous meeting, made
their report, in which they recommended
tliat an executive committee f eleven be
apjwinted, whose duties shall consist in the
appointment of attorneys at all places wliere
the suspended insurance companies are lo
cated, and tliat they be instructed to prose
cute all claims of policy holders, which for
tliat purpose are to be assigned by the hold
ers to the committee. An assessment of
one per cent is to be assessed on all policies
for paying tlie expenses. The report was
adopted and the committee appointed.
Hon. Wm. F. Colbaugh addressed the
meeting, and expressed tlie opiiuon tliat the
concerted action proposed would save at'
least $1,000,000 to the policy-holders.
The meeting was very largely attended
and unanimous.
TIIE COLD SNAP.
Eight Decrees Kelo w Zero.
St. Paul, Minx., Nov. 22. The ther
mometer stood 0 degrees below zero at 7
o'clock this morning, and in some parts of
the city two degrees lower. There is a large
amount of ice in the river and navigation is
practically closed.
Omaha, JNov. zz. lhe thermometer.
this morning was S degrees below zero. The
Missouri river is running full of ice and
caused considerable delay to boats this morn
ing. .Milwaukee, Aov. 'si. A special dis
patch from La Crosse says the Mississippi is
tilled with floating ice. and there are pros
pects of a gorge owing to the low state of
the waters.
TIIE PACIFIC SLOPE.
Too Hot for Comfort.
San Francisco, Nov. 22 Last night
was the warmest of the season. It was
impossible to sleep with windows closed.
SALT LAKE.
A Stable Concern.
Salt Lake, Nov. 21. The United
States Court met to-day, in the new room
provided by the United States .Marshal, m
Woodman's building, on tast iempie
street, near Wells, Fargo Co. The place
is a great improvement on the old establish
ment over Faust's stables, to which the
Mormon papers were accustomed to refer
with exceeding derision.
The time of the court was occupied with
various unimportant motions. Nothing
whatever of a general public interest trans
pired.
Sloth odist.
The corner-stone of the First Methodist
Church building in Salt Lake was laid yes
terday with considerable ceremony. There
are now here regular church organizations
of Methodists, Episcopalians, Presbyterians
and Roman Catholics.
Snow-Bound.
Trains from the East are still forty-eight
hours behind time, owing to the snow
storms. The weather here is very cold.
Reports from the Cottonwood and neigh
boring mining camps say tlie snow on a
level averages from three to four leet deep.
There is every indication of a hard winter.
CINCINNATI.
Wants a Free Canal.
Cincinnati, Nov. 22 At a meeting of
the Chamber ot Commerce this noon, reso
lutions were adopted to appoint a commit
tee to memorialize Congress to appropriate
a sum of money to complete the Louisville
and Portland canal and to purchase the five
shares owned by other parties than the
United States, and assume control of the
canal and abolish all tolls; also to secure
the aid and co-operation of the Senators and
Representatives from the States interested
in the navigation of Western rivers.
The banquet tendered Gen. Weitzel by
the citizens of this city occurs at Keppler's
next Wednesday evening.
EVANSVILLE.
Ou to St. Eouis.
Evansville! Intl.," Nov. 22. The last
timber was put in place on the Wabash
bridge of the St. Louis and S. E. Rauroad
to-day, and trains arc running through
without change.
LOUISVILLE.
The Dcuco!
LouJfaMi.i.E, Nov. 22. Two enterprising
young men of this city have gone to Chica
go to buy Mts. O'I.eary's cow on a specula
tion.
THMS,KOMMBER 23, 1SZL
r JiOEEIGK
Halifax.
Threo Deaths from Cholera.
'Halifax Nov. 22. li is reportedihere
that three cases of cholera have terminated
fatally in a village near hem.
TIIE WEST INMES,
That Eittle Hornet.
Port-au-Prince.. Nov. 0, via Ha fana,
Nov. 22. The case of the steamer Hornet.
remains unchanged. The Spanish iron
clad man-of-war Saracossa is expected,
The Haytiens have reinforced the garrisons,
the forts here have placed guns in position,
and troops are being held in readiness for
Coffee is in demand at Aux Corjes and
prices liave an upward tendency.
St. Thomas, Nov. 16, via Havana, Nov.
22. The captain" of the steamer Florida,
now in this port, called on the American
Consul and demanded protection, stating
that he was ready to proceed to sea, but
was afraid on account of a Spanish war
vessel.
Shaky.
St. Dominqo, Nov. 0. 8hocks of
earthquake were' felt on the 13th' lilt., in Do
minica, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, and other
islands.
MEXICO.
Too Many Governments.
New York, Nov. 22. Dispatches from
Matamoras say that the revolutionary gov
ernment is becoming general ha Mexico.
Gen. Rocha was marching to the relief of
Saltillo. The place was severely pressed
by the revolutionists, so that a speedy issue
of the contest at that point was imminent.
Gen. Aloterro was engaged in constant ob
servation of the movements at Oax&ca, and
Diaz was busy in fortifying the place.
Juarez repeated his request to Congress for
a parliamentary vote of extraordinary pow
ers to the President.
Mexican citizens have subscribed money
for the relief of Chicago and for aid of the
sufferers by the fires in Wisconsin.
ROME.
Papal Allocutions.
New York, Nov. 22. A Paris paper
has an account of an interview granted by
the Pope to a large body of persons. One
of the number asking how long the oppres
sion of the Church should continue, the
Pope replied: "We should resign onrselves
to the will of the Most High. Pray with
out ceasing for the whole world, for every
where evil is making fearful progress. In
France impiety is now again lifting its head.
In Germany herresy is making great efforts
to oppress the christian religion and to es
tablish its own greatness upon its ruins.
But what is still more lamentable is that tBe
impious movement is countenanced by the
governments. In Russia, Spain, Switzer
land, indeed everywhere, revolution seek3 a
triumph to drag down society and to abuse
evils.
Rome, Nov. 22. A consistory will be
held on Friday for the preconization of
bishops, when the Pope will pronounce an
allocution, ia which he is expected to refer
to his course in connection with the occu
pation of tho city by the King.
BELGIUM.
A Tempest in a Teapot.
Brussels, Nov. 22. There was an ani
mated debate to-day in tlie Belgian Cham
ber of Representatives upon the subject of
the appointment as Governor of the prov
ince of Lhnburg.of M. Decker, former man
ager of the Belgian school system. The
appointment was vigorously attacked by
the opposition, and warmly defended by
the government. The unpopularity of the
appointee is such that crowds of the popu
lace marched this evening to the King's
palace and loudly demanded the dismissal
of the Ministry. In view of these demon
strations preparations have been made by
the military for the suppression of any dis
order which may occur.
HABRY DASSETT ASD HTEREIXG
From the Turf, Field and Farm.
The proposed match between the celebra
ted three-year olds, as telegraphed to this
country, and published in the daily papers,
is not correct. As we advised our readers
last week, if Mr. Edmund Tattersall was
authorized to make such a proposition, it
would come through his office, as our cor
respondent, Neptunus, was the first person
on either side of the Atlantic who broached
the subject. We received a letter from Mr.
Tattersall, dated London, Oct. 28, in which
he incloses the following slip, cut from some
of the English papers:
"Mr. T. Lombard offered Mr. Gretton
X0.CO0 for Sterling after his race on Thurs
day, which was declined. No money could
tempt his owner to part with the horse. A
challenge has been sent to America, through
Mr. Tattersall, to run a match with Hairv
Bassett for 10,000 a side, 1,000 forfeit,
Cesarewitch Course, at the Newmarket
Hughten meeting of 1872."
He authorizes me to state that the above
paragraph, and all others of similar purport
in the English papers of the same week, are
not correct, but tliat he expects a letter
from Mr. Gretton the following week, stat
ing upon what terms he will match Sterling
with Harry Basset. Mr. Tattersall has
promised to write us a letter to publish in
our next week's paper, which will doubt
less give us the necessary information res
pecting the terms of the proposed match.
There is no uouot that Sterling and liar-
ry Bassett are the best horses in the two
countries, judging by their performances.
A race between them woidd create a world
of excitement in England and America.
But we have little hope of seeing the match
made, first because Mr. Gretton says that
he can not give up the time to visit Ameri
ca; secondly, Matthew Dawson, Sterling's
trainer, can not leave England
with a hundred horses in his stable, and
thirdly, Col. McDaniel can not leave and
give up his lage stable of youngsters witli
their valuable engagements,- to run a single
race in England. But in the meantime we
shall wait, as will our readers, with much
anxiety Mr. Tattersall's promised letter,
and we trust that it will finally result in an
international match. We expect to lay Mr.
T.'s letter before our readers next week, at
which time we will be enabled to know its
terms and discuss its merits.
"SO LD."
Tlie Postoffice Department lias received,
tlirough the Treasury Department, the first
instalment of defaced postage stamps on.
account of the Fool's Million. A lady in
Bridgeport has forwarded a dilapidated so
lace tobacco box full of cancelled three, two
and one cent postage, with a slight sprink
ling of internal revenue stamps, with a let
ter stating that she is a member of a
Bible class in an "Episcople" chinch
in that city, and that she had
been advised to collect the stamps by
the superintendent, who had told them
that certain parties in New York had offer
ed to pay the sum of $300 for one million
of cancelled stamps. She concludes her
letter with an ingenious insinuation that,
having seen her ability as a collector, the
Uovnrnment will oououess ue desirous oi
securing her valuable services. By all means
let her and the intelligent superintendent be
employed and sent out as missionaries
among Vincent Colyer's Apaches. Their
credulity must certaiidy commend them to
that distinguished Humanitarian.
is much more difficult to extract a similar
quality from Louisiana cane, whose saccha
rine matter is four degrees below that of
UUOa in ncnues. il iwmu iu nave
1.500 sugar houses in order to make 30,000
lihds. of sugar, if a dozen large establish
ments, furnished with the cream ot com
pleteness of modem machinery on a large
scale, will do the same work, on a basis of
concentration here sketched out.
As soon as tlie planters of Louisiana,
catch the spirit of similar principles, tlpt
admirable State will be able to turn
out a million of hogsheads, and they will
then bo able to step into tlie position of
which unforeseen events may deprive the
Island of Cuba.
KEW
-EVAjffS, raOEE, !POBIB fc CO.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS LN
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
PvAKE NOW IN BEGEIPT OF A VERT LARGE STOCK QF
foreigS and domestic dry goods, xotms, etch,
FOR THErKALX TRADE.
HTd-raiOHsWErNVITE THE
S. n. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
DEALERS IK FOREIGIf
Nos.
32,-34 and
Bagging and Ties Furnished
Exclusive Agents for the sale of Manning's Wltskj- and AnnU Sheetings.
ocl 3m sp
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
HEX ATE.
Wednesday, Nov. 22. Senate met
at
10 a. si., Speaker Vaughn in the chair.
JTEW BILLS.
By Mr. Gibson: To provide for the col
lection of taxes in cases of irregular and
invalid assessments.
By Mr. Gibson For the relief of Benja
min Ausmus, ex-Revenue Collector of
Claiborne county.
By Mr. Warren To amend tho act of
Oct. 13, 1871, fixing the time of holding the
Circuit Courts in the eleventh judicial dis
trict. Passed.
By Mr. Jones To amend the criminal
laws of the State regulating" the trial of
misdemeanors' and small offenses. Passed.
By Mr. Windle To amend section 3059
of the Code, in relation to the stay of exe
cutions on judgments before Justices of the
Peace. Passed.
the penitentiary.
Mr. McConnell offered a resolution pro
viding that fifty copies of the report of the
Inspectors of the Penitentiary be printed
for the use of the Senate, and for the
use of the House. Referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
CHANGE ON COMMITTEES.
Mr. Tharpe, on account of ill health, re
signed as a membar of the Committee to
Redistrict the State, and on his suggestion,
Mr. Coulter was appointed to fill the va
cancy. Owing to tlie mabuity of Mr. btaley to
accompany the Committee on Agriculture
in their visit to Knoxville for the purpose of
investigating and reporting upon the condi
tion of the Agricultural College, asked
tliat Mr. McConnell be appointed in his
place for that specific purpose. Request
granted.
FEES OF RAILROAD ATTORNEYS.
Senate resolution, authorizins the pay
ment of $2,000 each to the attorneys and
commissioners in the suits against delin
quent railroads, was taken up.
.Mr. Brandon onereu an amendment,
making the amount to the commissioners
$3,000, leaving the attorney's fees as it
was.
Mr. Jones offered an amendment in lieu
to make the attorney's fees $3,500, and the
commissioners S2,50O.
Mr. Coulter ottered the following lnat
the Spealer of the Senate appoint a com
mittee of three, whose duty it shall be to
examine ana report, at the aniesi tiy
practicable, tho amount of services rendered
by each of said commissioners, and by the
attorneys for the sale of delinquent rail
roads, that this body may act intelligently
In allowing tneir compensation.
Mr. Warren ottered the louowmg m lieu
of all other previous resolutions on the
subject:
Resolved, by tlie ueneral Assembly ot the
State of Tennessee, that the Commission
ers and counsel employed on the part
of the State to sell her iuterest in de
linquent railroads, be and they are hereby
awarded two thousand dollars each, hi part
payment for their services, and the Comp
troller is authorized to issue his warrants
for these amounts, and any balances that
may be due wid parties is left to be fixed
bv legislation. Rejected, ayes 7, noes 17.
The question recurring ou Mr. Coulter s
amendment, he modified it so as to apply
ouly to the Commissioners.
Mr. Merritt offered an amendment, fixing
the compensation of the Commissioners at
$1,099, but on the suggestion of Mr. Gib
son, the amount was fixed at $1,800.
Mr. Sevier offered, in lieu of the original,
a resolution making tlie attorneys' fees
$2,000, and the compensation for the Com
missioners $3,000.
Mr. Du Bose offered an amendment re
versing the amounts, giving $2,000 to the
Commissioners and &,000 to the attor
neys. Mr. Jones offered as a quietus that all at
torneys be allowed to prosecute their own
suits, without paying revenue tax.
Mr. Gibson moved to lay all the amend
ments and resolutions in lieu upon the ta
ble. Carried.
The previous question was then called for
and sustained.
The original resolution was then adopted.
Ayes 13; noes 12.
TIIE CLAIM AGAINST MEMPHIS.
Senate resolution directory to the Comp
troller in regard to the claim against Mem
phis, was taken up, and pending its consid
eration, the Senate adjourned till 9 A. M.
to-morrow.
HOl.SE OF BEFBESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, Nov. 22. The House met
at 10 A. M., Speaker Richardson in the
chair.
THE PENITENTIARY.
Mr. Enloe, from the Penitentiary Com
mittee, submitted their report, recommend
ing the ratification of the lease of the Peni
tentiary to Messrs. O'Connor and Looney.
The report was accompanied by a resolu
tion to give it effect.
Mr. Vaughn offered a resolution to lease
the Penitentiary to Messrs. Newsom, Hor
ton Co., for $40,000, and said that he
was informed that the gentlemen could give
good bond, but that their organization was
not yet completed.
Mr. Spears said he had no doubt that the
Inspectors of the Penitentiary had dono
what they thought was best for the interest
of the State in making this lease, but tho
facts brought to light this morning showed
that better terms could have Veen
secured. He was disposed to obtain the
highest possible amount for the Penitentia
ry, and he, therefore, moved that the con
sideration of the matter be postponed till
next Tuesday at ten o'clock.
Mr. Hosson had no doubt that the In
spectors made the contract with Messrs.
O'Connor Looney in good faith, and tliat
tbey had ample power, under the law, to do
so. It would, therefore, be an act of bad
faith on the part of this Legislature to en
tertain this eleventh hour proposal. H.Q
regarded it as a horse jockeying proposition
to interfere with the other men's' trade. As
the State had entered into a solemn contract
with Messrs. O'Connor Looney, he hoped
tlie Legislature would ratify it.
Mr. Snipes said the Inspectors, un
der the law, had plenary power to
make the contract. It was, therefore,
an accomplished &ct, and whether the State
rained or lost bv the' transaction, it was a
mere waste of time to give it any further
consideration.
Mr. Allison, of Williamson, said there was
one provision of the act which gentlemen
had overlooked, and that was that the In
spectors were authorized to lease the Peni
tentiary on condition they found It unpro
fitable to manage it by tlie State. Accord
ing to the report of the Inspectors, the
Penitentiary hid cleared $94,000 during the
past year, and there was, therefore, nothing
to be gained by this lease. He hoped the
House would consent to postpone further
consideration of the lease till next Tuesday.
After some further discussion, the pro.
SERIES--KOrlJ004:
ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
EVANS, FITS, PORTER CO.
J. M. SPURLOCK?
APTO DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
38 Broad Street,
and Liberal Advances made.
vious question" was called and sustained, and
the motion to postpone was lost; ayes 10,
noes 51.
The Senate resolution to ratify the lease
to Messrs. O'Connor and Looney was than
adopted; ayes 50, noes 10.
Mr. Spears entered his protest against the
vote.
RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Rosson r Requesting the Rail
road Commissioners to take immediate
steps to prevent E. Simmerly from wrong
ing the State by retaining possession of
bonds belonging to the East Tennessea and
West Carolina railroad.
Mr. Rosson explained that the railroad
had recently been sold by the State for
520,000; that it had been purchased by the
President of the road, Mr. Simmerly, who
according to his own testimony, had on
hand $50,000 in bonds, which belonged to
the State. The object or the resolution
was to have this matter investigated with
out delay.
After some discussion the resolution was
referred to the special committee on rail
ways. By Mr. Bean For the benefit of F. T.
Estill, of Franklin county. Referred to the
Committee on Claims.
By. Mr. Tillman Requiring the Comp
troller to lay before the next Legislature a
detailed statement of privilege taxes col
lected in 1872. Lies over.
By Mr. Frierson Requiring the Attor
ney General to report what action has been
taken under the act directing him to enter
proceedings against the Tennessee and Pa
cific Railroad. Adopted under a suspension
of the rules.
HOUSE BILL OX SECOND READING.
To provide for the change of county seats
in certain cases. Rejected.
NEW BILLS.
By Mr. Vaughn: To authorize the es
tablishment of rogues' galleries. Passed.
By Mr. Moore: To change the line be
tween the counties of Davidson anil Cheat
ham. Passed.
By Mr. Harris For the encounigement
of manufacturers in this State. Passed.
By Mr. Vaughn To amend an act to
authorize Chancery Courts in this State to
grant letters of incorporation. Passed.
By Mr. McGhee To further enable rail
road companies to pay their debts to the
State and complete the construction of their
roads. Passed.
By Mr. Allison, of Smith To protect
fanners and other persons from fire.
Passed.
By Mr. McGlothlin To regulate the con
demnation and sale of land for taxes, and
requiring tax collectors to do their duty.
Passed.
By Mr. Snipes To repeal the act au
thorizing the appointment of a superintend
ent of the Capitol crounds. Tassed.
By Mr. Samsell To abolish the act to
provide for a cliange of venue in certain
cases. Passed.
By Mr. Dick To change the time of
holding the Chancery Court in the county
of Jefferson. Passed.
By Mr. ClifV To provide for a privilege
tax on photographers. Passed.
nOUSE BILL ON THIRD READING.
To modify the act to establish the Crim
inal Court of Knox county, and also to
create the office of District Attorney for the
district of Knox. Passed.
The House then took a recess until three
o'clock, when it reassembled.
SENATE BILLS ON THIRD READING.
To establish the county of Crockett.
Tassed, ayes 59, noes 11.
THE PENITENTIARY LEASE.
Mr. Cheatham moved to reconsider the
vote ratifying the lease of the Penitentiary.
On motion of Mr. McGhee, tlie motion
was laid on the table.
THE TAX BILL.
The debate on the tax bfll was resumed.
Messrs. McCall and Crews withdrew
their amendments respecting the tax on
merchants.
Mr. Wilson moved the following as an
additional section: "That all persons doing
business in the cities or towns in this State
as lumber merchants sliall pay a tax as
other merchants, but nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to tax millers."
Adopted.
The last section was as follows That all
laws of the State in reference to taxes, ex
cept as altered or repealed by the provisions
of this act, shall remain in full force and
effect; and the public welfare requires that
this act take effect from and after its pass
age. Mr Enloe moved an amendment to con
strue the act fixing a tax on cattle and stock
dealers, that it shall not be applied to farm
ers whQpurchase stock for their farms and
offer them for sale again. Adopted.
Mr. Trousdale moved to reconsider the
vote fixing a tax on drummers. He ex
plained that it was the desire of the
merchants that no such tax should be im
posed. It was an accommodation to them,
and they competed with none of our citi
zens. Mr. Euloe spoke in support of the amend
ment. Mr. Allison, of Williamson, moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Lost.
Mr. Enloe moved to amend the section
by repealing the privilege tax on drummers.
After some discussion the amendment
was adopted, ayes 34, uoea 33.
The bill was then adopted on the follow
ing division
Ayes Messrs. Alleu, of Cocke; Allen, of
Meigs; Allison, of Smith; Allison, of Wil
liamson Anderson, Bean, Blevins, Buford,
Chambers, Cheatham, Chester, Clift,
Colquitt, Cottrell, Dick, Doss,
Eckel, Enloe, Farmer, Ferguson, Frierson,
Givens, Gore, Guild, Houston, Jones, Lynn
of Lauderdale, Lynn of Fayette, Magill,
Martin, McCall, McGaughey, McGhee, Mc
Gill, McGlothlin Ncwlin, Odom, Parker,
Paine, Pearson, Rosson, Samsell, Scarbor
ough, Shophard, Snipes, Tillman, Thomas,
Trousdale, Vaughn, Walters, Wester, Wil
son and Speaker Richardson 53.
Noes Messrs. Freeman, Gordon, Harris,
Hinkle, Lumpkin, LewVk McCampbell,
McCollum, McNW, Padgett, Pryor, Slimp,
Spears and Talley 14.
Adjourned till 10 a. m. to-morrow.
There is a idee batch of Radical Gover
nors in the stocks at tlie present time for
honest won to gaze at. Holden, of North
Carolina, was impeached and removed.
Butler was impeached for fraud and
corruption In office in Nebraska
Davis lias been disgraced in Texas
Bullock has stampcedd from Georgia
to avoid impeachment, and perhaps, iudict-
meut by a grand jury. Austin, of Minne
sota, is now charged with having taken a
bribe of $5,000. And now Gov. Scott, of
South Carolina, U charged with fraudulent
ly issuing State bond to the amount of
$20,000,0 JO.
CjTHING;ET.Cl
6?
Men's and Bojs5 Cletkii
9
AND
IMISBHG GPS,
34 North Summer Street,
(JiKAR USIOS.)'tH
Business Suits,
Dress Suits,
Tlie Promenade Suit,
The Pea Jacket Siiift
The JVtwmarheVSult,
Dress Coats,
Frock CoaZs,
JXornlng Coats,
Evening Coat,
ELEGANT LINES OP
English and French Casslaere
and Black Doeskin
STYLI.ml CUT AXD JIADE EQUAL TO
AXY CXSTOJI WORK.
Fall Overcoats!
IS GREAT YAHIITITr.
BOYS' WSAl!
Hoys' School Suits,
Soys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's Suits, three years' and
upward.
',tr
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Suits.
Dress and Business Shirts,
Sheviot Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, TRIMS, TRAYELKH BAGS,
34 TS orth Summer St.
sei'26 tlH jan9,2 ep lptp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have Just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-Tnade
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Soidhzvest, than ever before,
which we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Partiadar attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
TJiese Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this marlcet.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIVAR H. COOKE Co,,
N-ASHVIXiIjE, tekn.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Varerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
j10 tf
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
UION Al AMERICAN
13 PREPARED TO TORN OCT
JOB PHINTING-
OF ETERY DESCRIPTION,
In tbo Most Satisfactory Style, upon
Brier Xotlee, at tho Low
est Botes.
OUR
OFFICE, IN ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
THE MOST COMPLETE IN THE SOUTH,
SPECIAL ATIE5TIOS
is orrzx to
ORDERS FROM THE COUNTRY.
GIVE rSAT