NEWS SUMMARY.
tgMpjßlpft -East*
A drover, name unknown, was burned to
death, together ydfh it of horses, in
a car on the Pan<Mai|3le Railroad.
Over one nave been com
menced against the Staten Island ferry bv
persons injured by the Westfield explosion,
and nearly 150 more are preparing. The
-damages claimed vary from $1,000.t0 ?S,OOO.
An embankment fell upon three men who
were constructing a lag- r beer vault in
Brooklyn mpo dnyAto r n ijh g-. /One man was
killed and tifo seriously injured
The nail ufanufacfeircra of the Atlantic
States held a convßr.tiol in. New York on
Saturday. It was j|ecid®d to Advance the,
wholesale price fifteen cents per keg on all
descriptions. This action is said to have
been m consequence of'the loss of 100,000
kegs by the Chicago fire .The steamer Hass
ler sailed from Philadelphia for Boston on
Monday, where. Prof.. Agassiz’s party will be
taken on board. They tAn .start on an ex
ploring expedujrfn aro#d Cape Horn and
up the PacifiJr J |f
The Unit.e'd.a4tes steamlr Wabash, the
the flag ship of the European squadron, will
sail from Boston about the latter part of
next week for Europe. Gen. Sherman and
Col. Andenreidtof his staff, will take pas
sage. They will be absent about six
months.
The West.
Chief Jrsti i McKean. of Utah, on Sattr
day sentenced Hawkins, the pelyaapiist, 10
be imprisoned at hard la!.or lot three years
and to pay a tiae ef SSOii. Warrants have
been issued #or the arrest of Brigham Young
and his son Joseph, on a charge of murder,
in having ordered the killing of Richard
ates in 1857? A blast furncae near
oungstown. jjfcbfc, exploded on Saturday
morning, killingrwo men and injuring seven
others. Loss H •r<W>rty, $70,000......The
steamer Dean Richmond was burned on
Thursday on Mud Lake, between Sault Ste
Marie aiid Detour. The crew passen
gers escaped* LossJlO®,ooo, with hut little
insurance Milwaukee proposes to lay a
sub-marine cable between that city and
Grand Haven, Mich., “’tfiereby securing a
through line to New York, and avoiding
delay in repeating messages at Chicago
Paul Kinsley, who was wrecked on the
schooner Winslow and lost his wife and two
daughters, committed suicide at Milwaukee
on Saturday, by taking laudanum in a glass
~f bucr The petition of citizens of Ari
zona to the President to allow Gen. Crook* to
pursue his Apache campaign unimpeded by.
the Peace Commissioners, embodies a list of
Indian murders and robberies which fill*
three columns of the largest op the
1 acific coast..-j..'The St. Anthdhy Democrat
haying declared Gov. Austin, of Minnesota,
guilty of bribery, the amount being $5,000,
lor signing a bill granting land to the Still
water and White Bend railroad, the Gover
nor has instituted a civil suit against James
Greene, editor, for malicious libel. The St.
Paul Pioneer having republished the libel
ous article with an editorial confirming its
statements, has also been sued for libel bv
the Governor.
Gko. 0. Bates, a Chicago lawyer, has been
appointed District Attorney of Utah A
deep suow fell on Monday night, in the in
terior of Wisconsin Half of the village of
Florence, in the Saginaw vallev. was de
stroyed by fireflifi Monday night.
On Oct. 3<V<loy; Hfilmef.wrdu*>tO'Atiofney
General Busnnell, directing him to procure
the indictment of Gen. Sheridan, Col. Sher
man, and others engaged in unlawful pro
ceedings, including the killing of Col.
Grosvenor, during the military occupation
ol Chicago. Marshall Patrick is preparing
an expedition tiS follow atid arrest Brigham
Young. Reliable reports are to the effect
that Young is moving southward, having
with him eleven wagons ami 100 armed men
mounted A young man named Martin
was instantly killed and another seriously
injured by a falling wall while working
among the ruins of the Tribune building, in
Chicago, on Wednesday A mob of men
m disguise recency attacked the Saline
county, 111., jail, overpowered the jailor,
and released and Wm.. Pickering, who
were in confinement awaiting trial, on a
charge of murder. %f
The South.
Lhey are tiring cannon and burning tar
through the streets of Vicksburg, to purify
the air against the advances of “Yellow
Jack.”
A i'Oileii in the Vulcan iron works at
South St. Louis exploded at about 10 o’clock
on Monday morning, half an hour after
another blew up. Jstmee Enroy was fatally
scalded and seven fr eight others were more
or less seriously injured...... The crew of the
Mississippi river steamer Mary Boyd muti
nied on Monday morning at Memphis, and
attacked the mate, who shot one named
John Ivillon, a. negro, twice, wonnding him
severely. But for the arrival of the police
the mate would have been murdered, Sev
eral of the rioters were arrested, but the
ringleaders escaped.
W ashingtou.
A petition was received at the Executive
Mansion on Tuesday, fifty.feet long, sigi ed
by women o£ Utah, protesting against pri
lygamy. and urging effective measures to
suppress the practice in that Territory
Victor L. Tower!, a clerk in the Second Au
ditor’s office, was arrested on Tuesday on
the charge of fraud in connection with the
Bounty Claims Agent" of the government.
It is said an investigation wBl show the
amount to be ovgr S[OQ,OOQ JK
An officer from Georgia has arrived in
Washington with a warrant for the arrest of
Gov. Bullock, on the charge of "a. misappro
priation of State hands. It_is said that
$2,000,000 0r.53,000,000 are involved The
Pro ident a&f&ecreiary of War. Ynd Gen.
Sherman ar<Tengaged in rearranging the
military department?-of the country.
Foreign.
Russia is said to be aiming herself swiftly
and powerfully at eWry point. Immense
supplies of machinery, steam boilers and
wire rigging have been #ent to the southern
ports. Cronstadt is bertig strengthened,
and engineers are layingr out new lines of
defense in y*riotte quarters. Meanwhile
the array is undergoing the most rigid and
incessant drilling.,. oollfeYy ex
plosion took place on Thursday afternoon in
the Seahan mines, near Newcastle. Tmr
ty-three men were in the pit at the time,
none of whom luiye reached. There is
scarcely a hopenf %aVAhg a single life.
It is announced tlrfft French govern
ment owes thu Swiss
for the maiiWSfitnWe oT iHnirDalti’s army in
Switzerland .tfhw Covernor of the Portu
guese colony at Goa, on the west coast of
India, has to the home govern
ment that a revolt is threatened, asking
assistance Cardinal Antouelli is reported
seriouslv ill. Rr? i
It is thought that the Assembly will re
move its sessions from Versailles to Paris
during the winter, on account of the cold
weather Advices from Buenos Ayres savs
that there is a frightful prevalence in that
country of small pox. During the past sum
mer 26,000 deaths from yellow fever have
occurred in Buenos Ayres, and 30,000 deaths
in the Province of Corrieutes Gen. Robert
Anderson, the hero orFbrt Sumter, died at
Nice, France, on the 26th of October, aged
sixty-five.
President Thiers refuaes to. modify his
ultimatum to England the com-
The conspiracy in Barcelona, Spain, among
the troops at (hat station, proves to have
been a deep-laid plan of the Internationale.
Three large bombs were discovered in a po
sition where they evidently had been placed
with the intention of*exploding the maga
zire, the consummation of which plot, it is
probable, would have involved the destruc
tion of thousands of lives. President
Thiers, accompanied by the Ministers of
War and Marine, will lay the corner-stone
of the projected military establishment at
Rouen on the 27th inst../...The British mail
steamer Venezuela took fire at sea on the
voyage from Liverpool. The flames were
extinguished on reaching the harbor ofSanta
Martlin by scuttling the forward part of the
vessel and submerging one of the water
tight compartments. The fire lasted thirty
one hours.
The Public Debt.
The following is the public debt
statement tor November:
Coin balance 99,054689 23
Currency 10283*80d 55
Coin certificate?.... 10,679,900 00
Debt hearing interest in coin
bonds at 6 per cent 1,e82,512:350 00
Bonds at 5 per cent 277,057,600 00
Principal.,... 1,859,569,950 00
Interest 44,902,399 26
Debt bearing interest in lawful
money, certificates of indebted
ness, 4 per cent 678,000 00
Navy pension fund at 3 per cent... 14,00 ‘,OOO 00
Certificates at 3 per cent 25,690,000 00
Principal 40,368,000 00
Interest 344.172 08
Debt on which interest has ceased
since maturity, principal 1,793,892 26
Interest 298,322 45
Debt bearing no interest, old de
mand and legal-tender notes 357,592.821 25
Fractional currency.. 39,488,142 70
Coin certificates.. 16,679,900 00
Total debt, principal 2,315,462.. c O6 21
Interest 45,559,336 60
Cash in treasury—
Coin interest 99,054,589 23
Currency interest- 10,283,805 55
The Cincinnati Fountain-*-A Beautiful
Work of Art.
The* fountain which has- just been
erected in Cincinnati by Mr. Henry
Probasco, a public-spirited citizen of the
place, stands forty-three feet above the
level of the streets. The summit of the
work is formed by a figure nine feff in
height representing the Genius of
Water. This figure faces to the east,
and from the hands, the arms being
outstretched, streams of water are con
stantly poured. The pedestal rests on
the capital of a massive column. This
capital is eight feet in diamieter, and
represents numerous -water flowers, The
column is square. Around if, with their
heads far below the feet of the Genius,
stand forth groups of statuary, the
largest figures of which are eight feet
high. Beneath the right hand of the
Genius is a colossal figure of a farmer
invoking the blessing of rain upon a
tree that he has planted. Under her
left hand, a man driven to the roof of
his burning house holds an empty buck
et, and supplicates for the saving ele
ment. On the east side is a group re
presenting a mother leading her child
to the bath. On the west side aicbmgh
ter gives her aged father a drink from
a goblet. These four groups represent
the use of water for life, for vegetation,
for healing, and for escape from fire.
There are four bronze basins, into which
the water flows from the hands of the
Genius, and overflows again through
orifices in the water-flowers which com
pose their borders-into a stone basin
thirty-eight feet wide, beneath. Below
the bronze basins, and below the four
great groups of statuary which ;ve have
described, are four lifo-siie figures, The
one on the southwest corner represents
a boy putting on his skates; at the
southeast is the nude figure of a girl
adjusting a string of pearls around her
neck at the northeast corner a naked
boy holds up a lobster that he has just
caught and at tne northeast angle the
nude figure of a girl holds a sea-shell to
her ear. Bet ween these figures are four
panels, likewise in bronze, covered with
sculptures in bas-relief. All this bronze
work stands bn. a black porphyry base,
composed of eigbjt polished blocks, and
fixed in the midst o'.‘ the great stone
basin. At the outside corners of this
basin are four ice-water fountains.
The design of this fountain was made
by Mr. Kreling, a German painter and
sculptor, who is now the Director of the
Nuremberg Academy of Art. The bronze
was cast under the direction of Mueller,
of the loyal foundry in Munich. The
porphyry and granite are from Bavaria.
The entire cost of the work to Mr. Pro
hasco i- over SIIO,OOO, while the city of
Cincinnati has spent about $30,000 upon
the esplanade on which it stands.
Disraeli as an Editor.
Disraeli’s career as an editor is thus
sketched by a London letter writer:
“One of the past metropolitan daily
papers is the Representative, started in
1825, by Murray, the publisher, and
edited l>v Mr. Disraeli. The offices of
this journal were fitted up in a state of
splendor without parallel. The recep
tion room especially—the visitors to
which were expected to be mostly of
th 6 aristocracy, was furnished in a gor
geous style. It was expected that Mr.
Disraeli would encourage Mr. Murray’s
aristocratic friends to make frequent
calls by according to them a courteous
reception but,’ says Mr. Grant, Mr.
Disraeli did not then, any more than he
does now, did at any intervening pe
riod of his history, enjoy any remarka
ble reputation for affability of manners.’
The reception room of the Representative
was but little visited j this led to a cool
ness between the proprietor and editor.
The paper never had a circulation wor
thy the name, while the advertisements
were few and unprofitable. The Repre
sentative expired after a feeble and un
happy existence of six months, the loss
to Mr. Murray, according to Mr. Grant’s
estimate, being £15,000. It is mista
kenly believed that this was the first
journal with which Mr. Disraeli was
connected. Some few years before,
when he had not much exceeded his
.m|te>rity, and while his ‘Vivian Grey’
was before the public, he had a journal
of bis own, called the Star Chamber
which consisted of an uncompromising
denunciation of what he regarded as
the vices and follies of fashionable so
ciety. mingled with unsparing severity
in his notices of some of the leading
works of the day. Mr. Cyrus Redding
used to say that Mr. Disraeli gave ru
eulogistic review in this publication of
Vivian Grey. The Star Chamber never
excitd the slightest interest, and
never had any circulation. It died
when it reached the end of the second
volume?
Interesting Lawsuit.
A lawsuit, which bids fair to rival in
interest the famous goat case of West
Virginia is now exciting the fashionable
circles of Louisville. The subject of
contention is a poodle dog, and the
litigants are two prominent citizens.
The plaintiff claims that he purchased
the dog of a New Orleans merchant for
the sum of ten dollars, more than two
years ago. It was then a puppy. He
raised it up to a full-grown poodle,
weighing at least three pounds. About
a year ago, owing to a misunderstand
ing between the master and the poodle,
the latter received a severe kick, where
upon it left its owner in disgust, and
was not afterwards seen until found in
the yard of the defendant. On the
other hand, the present possessor of
the dog claims to have always owned it
and to own all of its relations, and pro
duces its full pedigree in evidence.
Prominent lawyers have been employed
on both sides of the case, depositions
are being taken in New Orleans, a host
of witnesses are ready to testify that
both parties are in the right, and, how
ever the question of ownership may be
decided, a big bill of costs is certain to
accrue. The moral of this story is ob
vious.
My friend, stop that terrible cough,
and thus avoid a consumptive’s grave,
l>y using Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery. For curing all throat, bron
chial and lung diseases it has never
been equaled. Sold by druggists.
An lowa woman put starch in her bus
band’s beer, thinking it was arsenic, and
was surprised because it didn’t stiffen
him.
A WYOMING JOKE.
How the Was Served llrs. Judge .llorris*
Hnsbnitd—A Wife Committing her Spouse. 1
Correspondence of the New York Sun.
Mv last gave in brief the history of
the Woman’s Suffrage act in Wyoming.
I will now give some of the practical
workings of woman suffrage and woman
officeholding. The first action taken
under the vis ions of this law was the
appointment.bv the Secretary, as Acting
Governor, of Mrs, Esther Morris, of 1
South Pass City, as Justice of the Peace
for SweetWatei* county. Mrs. Morris
qualified, remitted the usual fee of
$5 to the Secretary, and entered upon
the duties of her office. Nothing un
usual occurred for some days. Every- j
body was satisfied with the new Justice, i
and the new Justice with everybody, j
One day, however, the wine of bitter-
ness was mixed in her ctlp of bliss-, and
notwithstanding her Wonlanly and wife
ly feeling she Was compelled to drink
it. Her better half, who was now left
in charge of the domestic department
of the firm, had, previous to his retire
ment to the sweets of domestic life, oc
casionally taken a social glass with his
friends. Taking advantage of this weak
ness, some friends waited upoli Mr. Mor
ris one day, and having made Mr. Mor
ris drunk, led him into a breach of the
peace, then hastened to the Esquire’s
office and lodged a complaint with her
honor against her honor’s liege lord
and m.'ister,” that used to be, and de
manded a warrant for his arrest. Mrs.
Justice hesitated a moment on the
banks of this woman's Rubicon, but like
Caesar she was equal to the emergency,
and promptly crossed into her lord’s
dominions, and her former master was
dragged before her for trial.
Mr. Morris’ head was not sufficiently
clear to comprehend the situation. He
began to assert hi# sovereign rights in
contempt of court, until suddenly
brought up by the officer in obedience
to the court’s order. Seeing that things
had changed somewhat, and that Othel
lo’s occupation had been at least sus
pended, he began to expostulate first
with the office! 1 until informed by that
functionary that he had no discretion,
but was acting under orders from the
court.
“Who is the Court (hie)?” inquired
Mr. Morris. On being informed that
the occupant of the Bench was the
Judge, Mr. Morris looked at the Justice
with a puzzled air, scratched his head in
an effort to collect his scattered thoughts
and ejaculated, “Her—her—(hie)—you
and fool— my w T ife—(hie) —she is
—that’s Esther—my wife Esther—you’re
drunk, or—oh, don’t bother me, (hie)”
and he started to go.
Lock up the prisoner for contempt
of court,” said Mrs. Morris to the officer.
What have you to say about it, eh?”
blurted out Mr. Morris, staggering men
acingly toward the Judge.
You will find 1 have all to say about
it. Officer, lock him up,” replied her
Honor.
Although badly mixed, Mr. Morris
began to get a glimmer of the truth,
and began a parley
“Now, look here, Mr. Officer, don’t
you be in a hurry. I didn’t mean any
thing wrong. I want to just talk with
my wife a minute. Now, Esther, what’s
the use of foolin’; you jist get down
out o’ there, ami go home and behave
yourself. T’ll tend to this little difficul
ty myself. Now, go right along, the
baby wants nursing. I had to give it to
Mrs. Winslow to get it to sleep when I
came down. He’s hungi'y, for he won’t
use that old bottle, and I don’t blame
him either. The dishes ain’t washed,
nor the beds made, neither. And what’s
more, I ain’t goin’ to do it any more,
now. You hear that. Now start
along.”
By the time Mr. Morris had delivered
himself of this, his tone had changed
as his feelings warmed from that of ex
postulation to command again, and the
officer forced him into the rudely con
structed lock-up in rear of her Honor’s
court, and Mr. Morris was left to re
flect upon the situation, and gaze upon
the dividing wall between himself and
wife as the dividing line between man’s
and woman’s rights under the new dis
pensation.
On the following morning Mr. Morris
was arraigned before her Honor, and in
the most sober and subdued manner,
and with the deepest humiliation, plead
ed guilty, asked the pardon of the court
for contempt, begged its clemency, and
awaited his sentence with humility and
resignation.
After giving the prisoner a Caudle
lecture as amended by the laws of Wyo
ming, her Honor imposed the usual fine
and required the prisoner to give bonds
to keep the peace, upon which the court
gallantly offered to let him go, and Mr.
Morris vanished
To the Public.
We are now located in our new building,
corner Michigan av< nue and Jackson street,
with as full and complete a stock as before
the fire, fresh and direct from our mills, and
are ready to fill all orders promptly. All
parties indebted to us will please remit
promptly. BELDING BROS. CO., manu
facturers of, and dealers in, Sewing Silks,
Machine Twist, etc., Chicago, 111.
Failures in Society. —-Society is full
of failures that need never have been
made full of men who have never suc
ceeded i full of women who in the first
half of their days did nothing but eatand
sleep and simper, and in the last half
have done nothingbut perpetuate their
follies and weaknesses. The world is
full, I say, of such people full of men
in every trade and profession who do
-not amount to anything; and Ido not
speak irreverently and I trust not with
out due charity, without making due
allowance for the inevitable in life,
when I sav that God and thoughtful
men are weary of their presence. Every
boy ought to improve on his father;
every girl grow into a nobler, gentler,
more self-denying womanhood than the
mother. No reproduction of former
types w ll give the world the perfect
type. I know not where the millenni
um is, as measured b y distance of time
but I do know and so do you all, that
it is a great way oft' as measured by hu
man growth and expansion. We have
no such men and women yet, no age
has ever had any, as shall stand on the
earth in that age of peace that will not
come until men are worthy of it.— Rev.
W. H. H. Murray.
Merited Distinction. —The well
known Groton Junction, on the great thor
oughfare of the Northern Lines to Boston,
has ceased to be. With a large and increas
ing population, proud as well as prosperous,
its citizens, in mass meeting assembled,
have voted to change the name of their
town to “Ayer” —after one of the best
known men in A.merica, Dr. J. C. Ayer, of
Lo>vell—and the Legislature of Massaehu
sets has enacted that decision into law. We
eommend their choice; for not only is the
name, short and distinctive, but Dr. Ayer’s
medicines have made it gratefully known
to the end of the earth. Probably no living
man has carried relief to such countless
multitudes of the sick as he, and this high
honor, from his neighbors, tells the estima
tion in which he is held by those who know
him.— Bristol Times.
Russia has now three hundred and
twenty-four periodicals, most of which
are published at St. Petersburg. Only
twenty-seven of them are published in
Moscow.
In the hands of science all things be
come valuable by adaptmeni and salu
tary by their application. Thus, Dr. J.
Walk eh has obtained from certain veg
etable products of California, that have
been trampled upon for centuries by
the ignorant, the invaluable curative
known as the California Vinegar Bit
ters, a medicine which is exciting the
wonder of the cdmmfinitv by its bene
ficial operation in the worst cases of
Rheumatism, Pulmonary Disease, Gen
eral Debility, Congestion of the Liver,
Constipation, Scrofula and Malarious
Fevers.
Eugene Rothschild, youngest son of
the Baron, will soon visit Charleston,
S. C., for the purpose of conferring with
those Israelites in this country who
may wish to select residences in Jeru
salehl as their future home.
The season for coughs and colds is
rapidly approaching, and every one should
be prepared to check the first symptoms, as
a cough contracted between now and Christ
mas frequency lasts all winter. There is
no better remedy than “Johnson’s Atiodyne
Liniment For all diseases of the throat
and lungs it should be used internally and
externally.
A German living some five miles west
of Minonk, 111., set a stubble field on
fire lately, and not only burned the
stubble but about thirty-five acres of
his neighbor’s corn standing in the field.
Chapped hands, face, rough skin,
‘pimples, ringworm, salt-rheum, ahd other
cutaneous affections, Cured, and the skin
made soft and smooth, by using the Juniper
Tar Soap, made by Caswell, Hazard Cos.,
New York. It is more convenient and
easily applied than other remedies, avoiding
the trouble of the greasy compounds now in
use.
Gen. Mahone has succeeded in effect
inn a loan of $15,000,000 for the Atlan
tic, Mississippi and Ohio Railroad Com
pany.
How strange that any wife .and mother
should oppose life insurance. Death comes 1
a husband and father falls! Then poverty
comes! Insure in the Mutual Life Insur
ance Company of Chicago.
Lung fever, common cold, catarrhal
fever and nasal discharge of a brownish
color in horses may be checked at once by
liberal use of Sheridan’s Cavalry Condition
'Powders.
A man up in Portsmouth named his
tw© children Ebenezer and Flora, and
always spoke of them as “Eh” and
Flo.” Tide-y names.
A Favorable Notoriety.— The good
I reputation of “Brown s Bronchial Troches
for the relief of Coughs, Colds, and
Throat Diseases, has given them a favor
able notoriety.
A correspondent wants to know
whether, considering the great utility
of the ocean, poets are not wrong in
calling it a waste of water.”
Gout or Rheumatism is quickly re
lieved and cured in a tew days by that cele
brated English Medicine, Blair’s Gout and
Rheumatic Pills.
Army Clothing and Blankets. —The
Government has just made another large
sale of surplus Army Clothing and Blank
ets, and Ticknor Cos., St. Louis, can now
fill orders for Overcoats, Pants, Jackets,
Shirts, Blouses, and Blankets, either by the
case or dozen. For price list address,
Ticknor Cos., St. Louis, Mo.
Ready for Customers.— H. W. J. M.
Wetherell have located, since the fire, at
369 Wabash avenue, Chicago, and can uow
furnish their customers new and complete
stock of millinery goods.
A rich vein of copper has been found
at Raymond, N. H.
1 he Best Business College is at Milwaukee.
FINANCtAL.
INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
Jay Cooke Cos., are now selling, and recom
mend as a profitable and safe investment for all
classes, the Frst Mortgage 7-30 Gold Bonds of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, bearing
Seven and Three-Tenths per cent, gold interest
(more than 8 per cent, currency), and secured by
first and only mortgage on the entire Road and
equipments, and on more than 23,000 Acres of
Land to every mile of track, or 500 Acres of Land
to each SI,OOO Bond. The highest current prices
will be paid for U- S- Five Twenties, and all oth
er marketable Securities received in uxhange-
Pamphlets, maps and full information, as well as
the bonds themselves, will be fnrnished on appli
cation to Jay Cooke Co-, Philadelphia, New
York and Washington, and by most Banks and
Bankers throughout the country.
SUGAR.
Mr. Editor —As your readers may not all be
familiar with the present tariff on Sugars and its
effect on their cost to consumers, a few facts may
be of interest to some of them.
Under the act last passed by Congress, such
grades as are suitable for refining purposes pay
a duty of 1% to 2% cts per lb, while those adapted
to consumption or suitable to use without
change, pay a duty of 2% to 4 cts per lb. The re
sult of this is that the quantity of the better
grades imported is very small —by comparison
next to none—consequently the entire commu
nity are obliged to take, with slight exception,
those clarified or refined here.
If this difference in cost (the amount of which
you can readily conceive would be immense in
dollars) went into the Treasury, we should all
feel some relief in the knowledge that it con
tributed to pay a debt which would have lo be
met in some other form, and, consequently, not
a matter of any especial consequence. But such
is not the fact. On the contrary, what duty is
now paid over the rates for refining grades, is for
the protection of a few manufacturers in this
country: or. if that expression is objected to, for
the profit and expense of doing the work here, it
being well known that Sugars are clarified where
the raw material is produced, which, as suggest
ed, we should get hut for the excessive duty they
now pay.
Molasses, which can almost be called Sugar, as
it is used as its substitute, pays but one rate of
duty though it may beworth 25 or 80 cts per gal
lon. All Coffees, without regard to quality or
place of growth, pay three cts per lb; and Teas,
though they be worth 30 cts per lb or 51.20, pay
15 cts. It is intended to petition Congress that
the tariff shall be so changed that all grades of
i Sugar shall pay one rate of duty—-it being recol
lected that refiners do not now pay any manufac
turers’ tax- The necessities of our indebtedness
as a government will for a long time require a
duty to be placed on sugars, which will, no doubt,
be a liberal protection to our planters in Louis
iana and Texas. Persons feeling a desire to effect
a change in this matter will.no doubt, accom
plish the most desirable result by conferring
with the Representatives of Congress from their
district. ANTI-MONOPOLY.
Sinking Fast.
Pale, miserable, discouraged, without relish for
food, without energy enough for exertion, yet with no
acute pain or other specific indication-of disease, how
often do we see feeble invalids fading as it were out of
life without any apparent cause. We say of them that
they are “sinking fast,” or “sinking gradually,” cs
the case may be. But there is no good reason why
they should sink at all. Persons in this dead-alive
state simply want invigorating and vitalizing. Na
ture, in a state of torpor, demands help. Bring out
the reserve of vitality in the system, brace the nerves,
tone the stomach, break up the morbid trance of body
and mind with a course of Hostetter’s Stomach Bit
ters. It can bo done. It has been done in thousands
of instances. TLe effect upon the enervated frame la
electric. Never give up, however languid and broken
down. Remember that for the exhausted, the debili
tated, the desponding, this powerful vegetable restora
tive is a genuine elixir. It is not a mere stimulant,
that provokes a transient flash of vigor in the system
and then leaves it in a more depressed condition than
before. It removes the causes of debility by altering
the secretions and regulating the action of the internal
organs as well as re-enforcing them. It is a particu
larly valuable medicine at this season, because it is an
antidote to the malaria which produces intermittent
fever, bilitns] colic and other disorders of the bowels
prevalent in the fall.
Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps.— This
medical beverage is manufactured by the
proprietor at Schiedam, Holland, expressly
for medical use, and is not only warranted
free from all deleterious compounds, but of
the best quality, and is only alcoholic
beverage that has the endorsement of the
medical faculty.
Put tip in qur.rt and pint bottles. For
sale by all druggists and grocers.
Sugar.— People interested in the
sugar question should read a communi
cation in another column.
CONSUMPTION OR COUGH!
PLEASE
Read the Following Letter
Mount Vernon. 111., April 29,1871.
Meessrs. J. N. Harris <k o„ Cincinnati. Ohio
Gentlemen— l heard one of mv customers speak in
such high terms of Allen's Lung Balsom to-day that I
thought I would write yon the substance of his state
ments. He says his mother, who is now sixty years of
aye, has suffered with consumption for several
tears, and has been under the care of all out best
physiciins, but never received any permanent benefit;
then she resorted to every kind of Cough aud Lung
Balsam that could be procured fbr her. hut all to no
avail. She still grew worse, until she was confined to
her bed; and when she was seized with a paroxysm of
coughing she would lose the power of respiration, anil
they were compelled to resort to various means to re
store breathing; and while she coughed so hard she
could not expectorate anything, and the family and
friends had given up all hopes of lier recovery. Her
son noticed tne advertisement of Allen's Lung Balsam
in the Christian Advocate, and they thought they would
procure and try it, They commenced giving her the
Balsam at 5 o'clock P. M., as directed, a dose every
hour until midnight; then she took another spell of
coughing, and expectorated a mouthful of dark, yel
low matter, whicli was something she had not been
able to.do for sometime. They continued to give her
the Balsam until morning, and then she began to ex
pectorate freely, and within three hours she expec
torated three pints of mucous matter, which gave
her immediate relief, and since that time she has con
tinued to improve. She now sits up all day, and can
walk about the house and take considerable out-door
exercise. Her son bought more of the Balsam to-day,
aud he is recommending it very highly to every one.
Yours respectfully,
A. C. JOHNSON. Druggist.
Was there ever greater proof of merit than the case
this letter refers to
ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM is without doubt the
best expectorant remedy ever offered to the afflicted
public. It contains no opium in any form, and its use
is harmless to the most delicate
Direction accompany each bottle.
It is Sold by Medicine Dealers Generally,
CAUTION.
Call for “ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM,’’ and sliuu
the use of any other balsam, as unprincipled men may
deceive you with worthless preparations.
J. N. HARRIS A CO., Proprietors,
Cincinnati. O.
Sold Wholesale by GREENE BUTTON. Milwau
kee,; H BOS WORTH A SONS. Milwaukee FULLER
A FUTLER. Chicago; RICHARDSON A CO., St
Louis; McCULLOCH, McCORD A CO., La Crosse;
NOYES BROTHERS A CUi'LER. St. Paul.
I HERRiNCrS SAFES
IN THE
Great Fire!
MESSRS. HERRING <Sc CO.
Gentlemen In the ever memorable fire of the nth
an>t 9th instants, which destroyed some TWENTY
THOUSAND BUILDINGS, including the entire
wholesale business portion of Chicago, we had our
valuables, books, papers, Ac., inclosed in HERRING’S
SAFES, which, owing to the intensity of the heat, and
the want of water, were imbedded in the ruins for
(lays before they could he got at, and, notwithstanding
the unparalleled trial, they have proved equal to our
expectations, preserving our property when every
thing else was swept away.
Day, Allen A Cos., Van Schaack, Stevenson A
Tappan, McKillop A Cos. Reed,
(2 safes), Haskins,Martin A Wheeler,
Union Ins. and Trust Cos. W. II Hoyt A Son,
Savings Bauk (2 safes), Loomis A Follett,
Weage.Kirtland A Ordway,Charles Cleaver,
John V. Farwell A Cos., Tenney, McClellan A Ten
-11. H. Husted, ney.
Armour, Dole A Cos., A. E. Neeley A Cos.,
Brinkworth A Leopold, Stanton A Cos.,
Field. Benedict A Cos., George Armour,
A. M. Wright A Cos., L. A. Willard,
Giles, Bro. A Cos., Singer A Talcott,
Warner A Felix, Jas. S. Kirk A Son.
Heath A Milligan.
A large assortment of Herring’s Patent CHAM
PION SAFES. Bank Safes, Dwelling House Safes,
Vault Doois, Express Chests, Ac., constantly on hand,
at our factory and wareroom,
Cor. 14th-st. Indiana-av,,Chicago
C. H. L. LAFLIN,
WHOLESALE
PAPER DEALERS
CAN BE FOUND AT
j. 56 North Jefferson Street,
CHICAGO, ILL.
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman’s Patent Appli
ance and Compound. Office 697 Broadway, N. Y.
Send lOc.forbook with photographic likenesses of cases
oefore and after cure, with Henry Ward Beecher’s
case, letters and portrait. Beware of traveling impos
ters, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr. Sher
man. _____
qgj&s
JralKjgb^-
i*
The only Reliable Gift Distribution In the
Country!
$6 0,0 0 0.0 O
IN VALUABLE GIFTS!
TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN
XL.- JL>. SIISTE S
1.55 M REGULAR MONTHLY
GIFT ENTERPRISE,
To be drawn Monday, Nov, 27th, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
fss*ooo Each in Greenbacks
Two Prizes SI,OOO r(nr r lTn ,r n
Five Prizes SSOO ii 11 r r 1111 ik A
Ten Prizes SIOO 5 (WllliUllMinil i
Whole Number of Cash Gift., 1,000
One Horse and Buggy, with silver-mounted harness,
worth s6no One Fine-toned Rosewood Piano, worth
®500! Ten Family Sewing Machines, worth 8100
each! Five Heavy Cased Gold Hunting Watches and
Heavy Gold Chains, worth S3OO eacli! Five Gold
American Hunting Watches, worth $125 each Ten
Ladies’ Gold Hunting Watches, worth SIOO each! son
Gold aud Silver Lever Hunting Watches (iu all)
worth from 820 to 8300 each! Ladies’ G#ld
Chains, Gent’s Gold Vest Chains. Silver-plated Cas
tors, Solid Silver and Double-plated Table and Tea
spoons, Ivory-Handled Dinner Knives, Silver-plated
Dinner Forks, Silver Vest Chains, Photograph Al
bums. Ladies’ Gold Breastpins and Ear-rings. Gents’
Gold Breagtpius, Shirt Studs and Sleeve Buttons.
Finger-rings, Gold Pens, (silver extension,) etc.
hole number Gifts, 6,(XX). Tickets limited to fiO.fxx
Agents wanted to sell Tickets, to whom Liberal Pre
unuius will be paid.
Single Tickets, 8J Six Tickets, 85; Twelve Tick
ets, 810; Twenty-five Tiidtets B'JO.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a descrip
tion of the manner of drawing, and other informatioi
in refermice to the Distribution, will be sent to am
one ordering them. All letters must be addressed to
offick L. D. SINE. Box 86.
lOJ W. sth St., CINCINNATI. O.
Agents! Read This!
XkT'K WILL PAY AGENTS A SALARY OF
tv 830 per week and expenses, or allow a large
commission, to sell our new wonderful inventions.
Address M. WAGNER ,V CO.. Marshall. Mich
\\T ANTED. —Parties w’ho have a very small capital.
TV or can give security, and are desirous of making
money in a light.honorable, pleasant, business at home.
or to travel. Address 31. 31. TILTON. Pittsburgh, Pa.
THE HARRISBURG FAMILY CORN
SHELLER CO. want agents to sell their Family
CornShellers. Best invention of the kind. Sells at
sight. Profits large. For circulars address EU
GENE SNYDER, Treasurer, lock box 9, Harrisburg,
Pa.
fuapxs ,L| ■■■3IUNN CO., Publishers, Scientific
aaW. a ■MlAmerican, Park Row, N. Y., obtain
i9*lS iS I K Patents everywhere. Twenty-five
1 M A"ivpars’ ernerience Everything con
fidential. Send for Patent Laws and Guide to Inventors.
EVERY FARMER
Is invited to send his address and receive Free and
Postage Paid, a copy of the
American Farm Journal.
The most Practical, the Best and Cheapest T'tlust rated
Agricultural paper in the United States. Only 75
cent* per year. Send for a speciman copy. Address
MILLER. LOCKL A CO..
Toledo. Ohio.
A FIRST-CLASS MALE TEACHER OF
experience and ability desires a situation at the
West. Address Daniel Perry. West Wardsboro, Vt.
fil*OffY/A for first-class Pianos. Sent on trial. No
agents. Address U. S. PIANO CO., 865
Broadway, New York.
J. Whk.h, Proprietor. R. H. McDox.i.n Cos., Druggists A
lieu. Agent., S&a Fr.acieco, Cal., and 3-1 Commerce str> et. N. Y.
MILLIONS Bear Testimony to tlicit
Wonderful Curative Eflects.
They are not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Poor
Rum. Whiskey, Proof Spirits and Refuse
Liquors doctored, spiced and sweetened to please the
taste,called “Tonics,'’ “Appetizers,” “Restorers,”&c.,
t hat lead the tippler on to drunkenness and ruin.but are
atrue Medicine.made from the Native Roots and Herbs
of California, free from nil Alcoholic Stimu
lants. They are the GII EAT BLOOD PURI
FIER mid A LIFE GIVING PRINCIPLE,
a perfect Renovator and lnvigorator of the System,
carryingoff all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell
provided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poisoner other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They are n Gentle Purgative as well as a
Touic, possessing, also, the peculiar merit of acting
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the T.iver, and nil the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, Inyoung or
old, married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
the. turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory nml Cliroute Rheuma
tism nnd Gout, Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
Bilious, Remittent aud Intermittent Fe
vers, Diseases of the Blood, Liver, Kid
neys nnd Bladder, these Bitters have been most
successful. Bueli Diseases are caused by V Dialed
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs.
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Head
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations of the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Month, Bilious Attagks, Palpitation of
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are the oflsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
efficacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DI LEASES, Eruptions, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles, Ring-Worms, Scald Head, Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, Itch. Scurfs, Discolorations of the Skin, Humors ami
Diseases of tho Skin, of whatever name or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of tb? system in a short
time by the use ot these Bitters. One bottle in such
cases will convince the most iucredulous of their cura
tive effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its ini
purities bursting through tho skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins; cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep the blood
pure, and tho health of tho svstem will follow.
Pin, Tape, anil other Worms* lurking in the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the face of thq
earth whose body is exempt from the presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
body that worms exist, but Upon the diseased humors
and slimy deposit* that. bPeod these living monsters of
disease. No Syst.em of Medicine, ho vermifuges, no
anthelmintics will free the system from worms like
these Bitters.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R.Tf. M( 1 CONAI.D COi,
Druggists and Gen. .V-ents. Km Francisco. California,
and 32 and’ S4 Commerce Street, New York.
SKF~3OLD BY ALL EULOGISTS AND DEALERS.
J.W. BUTLER. W.O.TYLOR. ED. JAMES. 0. M. BUTI.ERi
J. W. BUTLER CO,
(Successor to Laflin, Butler A Cos.)
importers and Jobbers of
BOOK, NEWS, WRITING
AND WRAPPING
PAPERS,
Paper Baes, Card Stork, Straw Paper, Straw and Ta
Board, Binder’s Stock, Printing Inks, etc.
Nos. 22 24 Desplaines St., Chicago.
STILL LIVING!
ROUNDS KANE,
CAN BE FOUND AT
No. 13 North Jeiferson Street.
In same building with the Taylor Printing Press Cos.
and Chicago Newspaper Union, where, they will re
ceive all orders for Printers’ material.
LAST NOTICE.
Secure Your Christmas and
New Year Gifts.
1,000.000 Si
By the authority of the act of the Legislature of
Kentucky, of March 13, 1871, the Trustees of the Pub
lic Library of Kentucky, will give a
GRAND GIFT CONCERT,
AT LOUISVILLE KY.,
Saturday, December 16, 1871.
100,000 TICKETS OF ADBITSSION, $lO EACH
CURRENCY; HALF TICKETS, $5; QUARTER
TICKETS, $2.50.
Tickets will be sent by registered letter; the money
for them may be sent by P. O. money order, green
backs, or draff.
Each ticket consists of four quarters, value, 82.50
each. The holder is entitled to admission to tho Con
cert, and to the value of the gift awarded to it or its
fraction.
8550,000 IN GREENBACKS will be dis
tributed to holders of tickets, in gifts of from SIOO,OOO,
the highest, to SIOO, the lowest, being 721 gifts in all.
The Concert is for tho benefit of the
Public Library of Kentucky.
THE CITIZENS’ BANK OF KY. IS TREASURER,
and the Corporators and Supervisors are the Hon.
Thomas E. Bramlette, late Governor of Kentucky,
and twenty-seven of tho most distinguished and re
spectable citizens of the State.
The undersigned, late principal business manager
of the very successful Gift Concert for the benefit of
the Mercantile Library at San Francisco, has been
appointed Agent and Blanager of this Grand Gift,
Concert.
The drawing and distribution will take place in pub
lic, and everything will be done to satisfythe buyers of
tickets that their interests will be as well protected as
if tluiy were personally present to superintend the
entire affair.
For ticket# and information apply to
C. 11. PETERS, 120 3lain St.. Louhrillo. Ky.,
No. 8 Astor House, New York.
11, N. Hernpsted, No. 410 Broadway, Milwatikce.Wis.
31. A. French. Virginia City, Nevada.
SI. A. Wolf, No. 316 Chestnut Street. St. Louis.
Tickets also for sale in every prominent place in the
n s.
Oving to the general derangement of mails and ad
vertisements consequent on the disastrous conflagra
tions in the West, the sale of tickets in this enterprise
is extended to Nov. 30. 1871, at which time the main
office, 120 Main street, Louisville, Ky., will close for
adjustment of accounts and business. No orders ex
cept by mail will be received after Dec. Ist, and no
orders by mail will he filled after Dec. 10th. The New
York office will close Dec. 10th: other agencies Dec.
sth. Every ticket unsold Dec. 1 <th will he cancelled
by its number. The drawing will take place in pub
lic, Dec. 16tb, 1871. commencing at 7 a. m and con
tinue until the 721 gift# are Payment of
awards will commence Dec. 19, at 9 o’clock a. m. Cir
culars of awards will be found at every agency as soon
as they can l>e issued correctly, and will also he sent
to all ticket buyers as soon as possible. No order wilt
be filled at main office for less than $lO.
HAS. It. PETERS, Malinger.
Chicago and the Great
Conflagration.
A concise history of the i>ast of this most wonder
ful of cities, and a detailed, circumstantial and vivid ac
count of its destruction by fire; with scenes, incidents,
<tc. By 3TESSRS COLBERT A CHAMBERLIN,
CITY EDITORS OF CHICAGO TRIBUNE Fully
illustrated from Photographs taken on the spot.
Agents wanted. Address J. S. Goodman Cos., 62 Union
Park Place, Chicago, or 0. F. Vent. 38 W. 4th St.,
Cincinnati.
The Great English Itemed)' for Gout and
Rheiimatigm.
ALL sufferers from the ahove complaint areadviseo
to use BLAIK’S GOUT and RHEUMATIC
PILLS. They can be relied upon as the most safe and
effectual remedy ever offered to the public, ana nave
been universally used in Europe for many year* with
the greatest success.
Her Majesty’s Commissioners have authoi ized the
name and address of “THOMAS PROLT. 104 Strand
London,” to be impressed upon the Govern ment stamp
affixed to each box of the genuine medicine.
Wholesai.e Agents— Fuller A Fuller, Chicago;
Wells A Cos.. New York, and all medicine venders.
apple parer, ccrer and slicer.
Does it all at once, warranted
satisfactory. Sold by dealers. Price, $2. Also
the Union” Apple Parer, which “paresall the time.”
Price, f1.5". Made by O. H. WHITTEMORE, Woi
ceeter. Mass.
It AT EX AND WOMEN WANTED, to canvass
Jyl fora new article. Nice enough for the Rich,
Cheap enough for the Poor, Handsome as a Pic
ture, Useful as a Book. Sells rapidly and pays good
profit. For Circnlar and Key (free) address
_ JOHN C. WHEELER. South Vineland. NJ.
A O A MONTH 1 Horse and carriage furnished.
JJp tU 0 Expenses paid. H. B. SHAW, Alfred, Me.
§THE GREATEST
IlilCil,
DISCOVERY
OF THE AGE.
MR. of Hoxbury, hasdim'ovHied in
one of our common pasture weeds a remedy that
cures
EVERY KIND OF HUMOR,
From the Worst Scrofula Down lo a
Common Pimple.
Two bottles are warranted to cure a nursing sore
mouth.
One to three bottles wal euro the worst kind of Pim
ples on the face.
Two or three bottles wilt e’ear the system of Mies.
Two bottles are warranted to cure the worst canker
in the mouth or stomach.
Three to five bottles are warranted to cure tho v <*tt
are warranted to cure all humor
Two bottles are warranted to cure running ot. .ie
cars and blotches amoug the hair. _
Four to six bottles are warranted to euro corrupt
and running ulcers.
One bottle will cure scaly eruption of the skin.
Two or three bottles are warranted to cure the worst
'two or'tlfree bo'ttles are warranted to cure ti e moat
desperate case of rheumatism.
Tnree to four bottles are warranted to cute salt
-I'Five'to eight bottles will cure the worst evso of
M bene fit is always experienced from the first bottle,
and a perfect cure is warranted when the above quan
tity is taken-. ROXBt’RY, KA&L
PiixMinAJi: The reputation of the Medical Dis
covery iu curing all kina of humors, is so well estab
lished by the unanimous voice of all who have ever
used it, that I need not say anything on the subject, an
the most skillful physicians aud the mo t careful drug
gists in the country are unanimous in its praise.
In presenting the Medical Discovery to our notice*
T do it with a full knowledge of its curative power, is
relieving all, and curing most of the diseases to wh.cli
ou are unfortunately so liable. The most excruciating
disease to an affectionate mother,
NURSING SORE MOUTH.
Is cured as if by it miracle: your own tempo is re
stored td its natural sweetness, and your babe front
riior and fretful naps to Cftlm and.sweet slumber*;
inid the Medicill Discovery befcbnies a fountain of bless
ing to yoiit ntlsband and household;
In the more advanced stages o'
CANKER,
it extends to the stomach, causing
DYSPEPSIA,
which is nothing but canker on the stomach; then to
the intestines and
KIDNEYS,
creating a sinking, gone ft-eling, and an indifference
even to the cares of your family,
tour stomach is.
RAW AND INFLAMED;
vour food distresses you, and you can only take cer
tain kinds, and even of that your system does m t get
half the nourishment it contains as tho acrimonious
fluid of the canker oats it up; then your complexion
loses its bloom, and becomes sallow or greenish,
and your best day is gone. For want of nourishment
your system becomes loose and flabby, and the tim rs
if vour body become relaxed. Then follow a train of
diseases whicli tho Medical Discovery is peculiarly
CURE;
Palpitation of the heart, pain in the side, weakness of
the spine and small of the back, pain ot the hip joint
when you retire, irregularity of the bowels, and also
that most excrutiatiug of diseases, tho
FILES.
How many thousands of poor women are suffering
from this disease, and pining away a miserable li e. and
their next-door neighbor does not know the cause. I
wish to impress on your mind that good old proverb,
An ounce of prevention is better than a pound of
medical discovery.
you have both the preventive and tho cure, with this
great and good quality, that it will never, under any
circumstances, uo you afty injury.
No change of diet ever necessary. Lat the best you
can get, aud plenty enough of it.
Directions Eon Use. Adults,one tablespoonful per
day; Children over ten years, dessert spoonful;,,Cluj*
dren from live to eight years, teaspoonful. As no dl
rations can bo applicablo to all tako
sufficient to operate on thobowels twice, a day.
Yours truly, DONALD KENNEDY.
Price 81.50 per bottle. For sale by every druggist
in tho United .States and British Provinces.
WILL. 31. CARLETON,
AUTHOR Of
“BETSEY AND I ARE OUT,**
EDITS AND WRITES FOR
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
The Best Family Newspaper in the Country. B‘-f
year. Send for specimen copy and club circular. Ad
dress. THE TRIBUNE, Detroit, Mich.
pill
A Desirubl© Hlaa.-Tbere is the liiss of ridicule,
the hiss of scorn, the hiss of snakes in the grass but
the most deligntful hiss is that of
Tarrant’s Effervescent Seltzer Aperient
In the sparkling goblet, giving assurance to the in
valid that his thirst will bo deliciously assuaged; that
his stomach will be refreshed and purified; that if he
is feverish, his body will be cooled by healthful evap
oration that if he is constipated, the difficulty will
pass awav without a pang; and that it the condition
of his geneial health is impaired, it will be speedily
restored. Of course, he will take care to procur©
none but tlie genuine.
SOLI) BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
lel^e!
FIFTY YEARS AGO
SWAIM’S
f E LEB KATE 11 PANACEA
Was introduced to the public. Soon it attracted the
notice of some of the most eminent and leading mem
bers of the medical profession in this country and
Europe by its great power and excellence in curing
what had been considered incurable of di-ease, where
the patients had been almost destroyed by Scrofula,
Ac., and Prof. Valentine Mott, of the New York Uni
versity, Professors Gibsor, Dewees and Chapman, of
Philadelphia, with hosts jf other physicians of celeb
rity and eminence, gave, over tiieir own signatures,
letters recommending it, and certifying to its great
merits. It has been occasionally advertised during
this long period,and thousands of families throughout
the United States recommend it and use it. Swaini’s
Panacea is, therefore, not a quack medicine. The late
proprietor had a thorough medical education Tho
laboratory is under the direction of physicians of edu
cation and not a bottle put npthat is not worth its full
value to the patient. It is perfectly safe for the most
diseased and debilitated patient, and will always re
lieve where it will not cure. Pamphlets giving a
description of cases can be had on application to the
Laboratory, H3 South Seventh St., Philadelphia.
Space will not admit of particularizing cases in this
newspaper.
The reader can readily perceive, if not entirely
blinded by prejudice, that Swaim’s Panacea is ipA a
more advertised remedy gotten up to impose on the
credulity of the people, on the contrary it has a repu
tation extending over fifty years for its great value in
Scrofula and kindred diseases. —And ill
ALL CASES WHERE THE BLOOD IS NOT
I’URE IT SHOULD BE USED FREELY.
Prepared only at Swaini’s Laboratory, 113 South
Seventh street, Philadelphia.
W. II SCHTEFFELIV 00.,
General Agents, 170 William street. New York.
I >OOK AGENTS WANTED,
J_> FOR TWO NEW AND POPULAR WORKS.
KNOTS UNTIED;
Or, the Hidden Lives or American Detecfives. It
dir'loses the whole Detective system. Twenty thou
sand copies sold in thirty days.
A WOMAN’S PILGRIMAGE
To the Holy Land, by Mrs. S. M Griswold. This wort
gives her experiences during a tour through •‘■urope
and the East, in company with Mark Twain tm
Quaker City” party. Wo offer extra terms JJ' 1 1
niiunis to Agents. Send for circulars. J. B. I*U lltt,
II YDE At CO., Chicago. 111., and Hartford, gqgg
mini Ml '.’f, 00 Maoic
111 Ml \l Compound will instantly Curl the
LM (I LO 1 straigbiest hairofeitliersex(with
into wavy ringlets or heavy, massive curls,
in'evary'caw? or money r<-funded. Price 25 cents per
package, Mm
LOST,
SORRELL CHESNUT HORSE, fifteen
hands three inches high, white stride on nose, one
hind white foot, martts of a rowel on nair of left hind
leg. Any information lending to his recovery will be
gratefully received and liberally rewarded by C. J.
BLAIR 225 Michigan a' enqp.
Bithb,idge
XX FLINT CLASS
LAMP CHIMNEYS**
Ileat Belter than nay Other Jlatle.
Ask for Dithridge’s, and take no other.
See that our Name i" Ev
DITHRIDGE A SON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
ggf Send for Price Llai.
BUSINESS FOR WINTER.
„,-u n |i,i, Blacking for Hoots and
■H;,VesH- On iTortptof 59c and stamp I will
ItarnesH f or making the above
B' -q
TIM.KM. Shot Guns, Revolvers. Gun Maierials of
*evMy kind Write for a price list to Great West-
Pittsburgh, Pa Army i.'un and Re-
So“ver” bought or traded for. Agents v.m ed.
HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS
please say you saw the advertisement
,n, S.Vu? er NOV. 4,1871. NO. 44.