.KACHfBMA OHA HCHHU
9 tyWtfuegrTO
INSURANCE.
STATE
Insurance Co.
Office30 NORTH COLLEGE ST.
JIBE, HASHJS AND EI7ES BESS.
O. P. Titbustos, Vice Prest.
lPe Johnson, Secretary..
INSURANCE.
Nashville Commercial
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Office, No. G9 North College Street,
N ASIIVIIXE, TESTS.
CASBLCAPITAI,,
$100,000.
it:kfMm
tfinrtrefxive
FalrKntes; Writes Cnrefnlly,
Adjusts t airly, -ay
Promptly.
DIRECTORS
It. C. McNAIRY, B. H. GARDNER,
JOHN KIRKMAN. M. BURNS.
C. EaHlLUUI.; JV Jfc EWIN, I
W. HTTJVANS; L?H. LANIKRftV-jJ
JAMES WOUl'S, U. W.UUAl.auiiAai,
S. N. MACEY.
It. C. MoNAIRY, E. D. HICKS,
I .CTesiaent. j, M .aecxeuuy.
Iran
CARS,P.LCLPJHS, EH).
TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
20,000 Worth of Carpets at Cost.
FROM NOW UNTIL NEXT CHRISTMAS,
we will sell (FOR CASH) our entire Stock of
Carpets, Oilcloths. Matting, Damask and lace
ijurtalns, AT COST.. 3Ianyof these goods were
I o light before the recent advance, and will he
old for less than New York wholesale prices.
We respectfully Invite everybody needing any
thing lnJthe CarpeSLlne to call and examine our
Mock and juices during the next sixty days.
L rWA. HENNON A CO.,
No. 50 Collcjro Street.
Nashville, Oct. 20, 1871. oc261msp4thp
WiNDOW SHADES, ETC.
WHOLESALE; ASD; retail.
L. H. FREEMAN,
1 ijNoVtii College "StrceJ
K FEW DOOBS ABOVE CnCKCH, TWO BTOBT BRICK,
Invites especial attention to his
Large and Elegant Assortment
OF
MWJDADES AM) CORNICE,
PORTRAIT ASD 1'ICTCItE FBAMIIS,
MAKTLB PIER MIRRORS,
Alo, his UNUSUALLY ATTRACTIVE col
lection of fine
curio ivr o s
Plain, and. .Colored Lithographs,
ENGRAVINGS, ETC,
AT -"FIGURES WHICH DEFY COM
PETITION. fUl.and Examine.
oeSSSaspltbp
Orders Solicited.
RAILROAD TIME TABLE.
Tennessee and Pncifle Railroad.
To Daily Trains (Sunday excepted.)
No. 1 Leaves Nashville at. .430 r. M.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .630 r. X.
Leaves Lebanon at. 630 a. m.
Arrlvss at Nashville at-.8:30 A. v.
No. 2 Leaves Lebanon at. 430 r. M.
Arrives at Nashville at7:i:i r. M.
Leaves Nashvilleal.,... 6:13 A. M.
1 ji Arrives at'Iebanon at. A.
JknsliviHe and Decatur Ilnllrond.
COlNGSOUl'H Nashville and Decatur trains
leave fetation on South Cherrv street at 6:30 A. M.
andC30r.3l. No train Sunday morning.
Accommodation at 330 p. si., (goes to Colum
bia.) Trains arrive at 430 a. M. and .30 p. v.
Accommodation at 9:50 a. il.
LouISTille and SoslivIIIc Railroad.
Leave Station on Nortli College street, at 5:45
A. M., and 2:25 r. M., and 0:40 r.
KArrivea nt73p a. m.,4:40 r. M.and &SO r-X.
The 2: 15 P.M. train does not stoii at any point
between NashTHle and Gallatin, except hdge
lleld .lunction, and does not run on Sundav.
Uallattn Accommodation, Daily.
leaves Nahvlllc 430 p. M.
Arrives at Gallatin -C:43 p. m.
Edcvticld and Kentucky Kail road.
Train on the Edgefield and Kentucky Railroad
will run as follows
Mail leaves Nashville. 5:00 a.m.
Express leaves Nashville 120 v. H.
Mall arrivtfs C:20t. m.
Expresn arrivei 8:50 a. m.
til. IamiN, Memphis, Niislivllle and
CbnttanooKa Great Central
Tlironjili Line.
Chattanooga train leaves.8:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. M.
arrlves.2:15r.M. and 3:40 a.m.
Memphis train leaves. .3:15 a. m. and 230 r. m.
arrives. .30 a. m. and 5:15 r. m.
St. Ixmis train leaves.... 3:43 A. M.
arrives. .6:30 A. M.
ShelbyTille train leaves..4:00r.M.
..'t- .arrives-935A. M.
The 8:00 A. M. and 230 r. M. trains do not run
on Sundays.
The 3:45 a. M. and 9.00 p. M. trains run daily.
Louisville and Cincinnati Short Lino
Kailroad.
Trains leave and arrive at Louisville as follows
LEAVE. AHKIVE.
L. C. Injunction C:00 A. M.
Cincinnati Slall, except
it USundav. 9:25 p.m.
Southern Fast Line, except,-
ShndaV. r 6:13 A. M. fi:40 r. M
Cincinnati Kxprcsn, d.iily. 3:55 p.m. 12:10 p.m.
Cincinnati Nltht Express.
except Sunday 10:45 r. M. 5:23 A.M.
.Lexington Mall, except
Sunday. 6:05 A. M." 6:40 r. M,
fexlngton Express, except
Sunday. 330 P. M. 11:10 r. M
I.aGranee Accommodation.
except Sunday 5:05 p. M. 8:05 A. M.
Xow Advertisements.
Moorman Ilightowcr. Public Square,
liave buckwheat flour, Youns; America
cheese, Italian macaroni, etc.
HlManloveJ Iticlmrds &Meadors, 19 Public
Sauare.'are, now receiving their; new tock
of staple and fancy dry roods.
John Gilgan Co., at the Trade Palace,
give bargains m furs, dress goods, blan
kets, e!c.
The attention of the policy holders in the
North American Fire Insurance Company
is directed to the notification made bv
i'Wvllis'Blackstone, Receiver.
See advertisement of Constable J. B.
I'eddick of sales to be made of Gas t'ompa
ny and Suspension Bridge stock.
Barnes, Spitz k Vo., sell to-morrow a
large lot of new and fashionable clothing.

Sale of a Kailroad.
'The Railroad Commissioners yesterday
said the East Tennessee and North Caro
lina Railroad to the original company lor
S20,KX).
2$ Coining This Way.
Bergtt-'s troupe of Swiss Bell Ringers are
to be at Bowling Green next Wednesday
night.
The Jloff Crop la Wilson County.
The Lebanon Herald savs there arc a
great many hogs in that cbuntv ready for
market, but no sides yet rpiortcd. Holders
are asking 4ifVU cents gross, while huyors
are only ottering 3J.
ii
Brother or Gen. Forrest Killed.
?Zl! Atlanta (Ga.) 6tm of the 8th ist.
istau& UiatrGapt. Win. l oiret. brother of
Gen. B. torrest,and former! f Atlanta,
was recently killed in a personal renivmnicr
in .Texas.
A Fine Display.
jjijn&pf the grandest auroral displays we
havewitnessed in this latitude was that of
last night, which "Commenced about half
past 1) o'clock, and lasted for over half an
hour. It first made its appearance due
North, and continued to move to the Eat.

KAllfflons Meetings.
The niemlers ami congregation of tho
First Baptist Church are holding meetings,
commencing at 7 o'clock, every night, in
anticipation of the preaching daily and
nightly of Rev. Mr. Eaile, the distinguished
Baptist Evarurelist, whose arrival here is
expected on Saturday.
.kt9KAK at .d
j'Te JLawreBeoTroape.- ,i
TliferaJe toty&'a. miiid,' complimentary
benefit riven tQ tke, Lawrence Troupe at
Tomer Hall to-night. They get up a very
pleasing entertainment.
Uifii-KD StAte Court. In this tri
bunal yesterday, there was but little tlone.
In the cause of Miller Moore vs. 3Jacey
SKHamilton, argument was concluded, and
ahoijory respited uutili6-morrow. "The
'case of Tellinghast Dttffield vs. Outlaw
was continued.
Tfao Japanese.
The wonderful Japanese Troupe opened
at Masonic Hall last night to a full house,
and their entertainment gave' thei.most un
bounded satisfaction. Some of their feats
a e reaUyjremarkable, and the performance
throughout, elicits great interest. They
ppear again to-night in new attractions.
Kailroad Speed.
On Sunday last, as we learn from the
Lebanon Herald, an engine made the trip
from Nashville to that place in precisely
filtyreight minutes. That beats all hollow
the famous old steamboat which made the
trip from Nashville to New Orleans In three
days and four weeks..
Ash Street Church.
Owing to the increasing interest in the
protracted meetin? at this Church, the ser
vices will be continued over next Lord's
Day. Elder Jesse L. Sewell is still oflicia
tln;,and the subject.of his discourse to-night
wil lie "Law of Pardon to Sinners."
Memorial Keotlner To-'Xlglit.
Citizens who have expressed a willingness
to aid in the proposed organization of a Me
morial Association in honor to the memoiy
of the1 Confederate dead, meet at Id o'clock
jhis evening in the gentlemen's parlors of
the Maxwell House, lor the purpose ot
taliing the initiatory steps necessary to that
purpose.
J A'ashville Opera House.
The attendance hut night was fair, and
the pieces went oft" well the farce of Spir
itual Manifestations creating considerable
merriment. Camille, which was so admi
rably produced on Tuesday night last, is to
be repeated this evening. Those who have
not seen Mrs. Grey in this character have
missed a fine piece of acting.
Hymeneal.
Two brilliant marriages have occurred in
Lebanon during the week. On the 7th
hist., Henry L. Bentley, of Union City, led
to the altar Miss Alice M. Green, of that
place, daughter of the late Gen. Thos.
Green, of Texas. On the 8th, Lev. "W. J.
Darby, of Evansville, Ind., was united in
marriage to Miss Mary S. Allison, eldest
daughter of Dr. II. P. Allison.
To Loctijrc at Jlurfrecsboro.
Past Grand Sire E. p. Farusworth, of
this city, is to deliver a public lecture at
Miller's Hall, Murfrecsboro, next Thursday
night, taking for his theme, "Odd Fellow
ship and its Beauties."' The members of
the order and their friends wjl be present in
large force to hear the lecture of the distin
guished and worthy champion of Odd Fel
lowship. 'Wonderful Perversity.
Instead of appropriating several hundred
dollars to purchase hogs for use by the city
in the scavenger department, both branches
of the City Council last night adopted a bill
prohibitiijs swine miming at large through
the streets. Tlia jjerversity of human na
ture, even .is exliibitftd by the intelligent
gentlemen composing the City Council, is
sometimes most remarkable. The indiscre
tions of hasty legislation are innumerable.
In the Coon Trade.
One. of our well known cotton factors
during the present dull season, is devoting
his attention to coons. There were no re
ceipts of the staple at his establishment yes
terday, but he received sixteen lively coons,
and it was'nt regarded a good day for coons
attlut. The receipts in tliis department
are expected to increase with the cold
weather, when a free animal sliow will be
announced on the first lloorof the spacious
and palatial warehouse.
Able to be Out,
J. F. Gilmore, who was so violently as
saulted by his wife several weeks ago, full
particulars of tvhjcli were published in the
Uniox axd Asiekicas ftt flip time of the
occurrence, has so far recovered from the
injuries received, as tobeableto walk about
the streets. Mr. Gilmore denies the state
ment that gained currency at the time of
the difficulty in regard to his intoxicated
condition, and affirms tliat his habits are
not intemperate, and that lie was never seen
drunk since he has been a resident of Nash
ville. Wilson County Agricultural Associa
tion. The Wilson County Agricutural and Me
chanical Association, under whose direc
tion the annual fairs of that county arc con
ducted, have elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: Samuel T. Mottley,
President; Mnj. W. W. Carter, Vice Presi
dent; E. 6. Seawell. Secretary: J. II. Brit
ton, Treasurer. The following gentlemen
were elected directors: Dr. J. M. Ander
son, J. M. Fakes, C. II. Oldham, James
Nelson, C. J. Woollard, Thos. Miller, S. G.
Strattou, M. L. Walsh, II. M. Cartmell, M.
N. Thomson, A. It. Davis. J. H. Allen and
W.M. Cartmell.
Slight Disturbance on Cedar.
The ordinary quietude of Cedar street,
about tlie corner of Cherry, was yesterday
momentarily milled by a muscular demon
stration between two citizens named Sulli
van and Mace. Before any decisive point
was reached they were separated and in
the hands of the police. A facetious
legal friend who witnessed the oc
currence informs us that the parties named
"fell out something about quarcling,"' and it
U very probable that this fact was the cause
of the disturbance. It is but just to the
parties belligerent to state that neither of
them is attached professionally to the shoul-der-hittingsfratcrnity.
Masonic Grand Chapter.
The Most Excellent Grand Royal Arch
Chapter of Tennessee met yesterday morn
ing at i( o'clock, the officers and represen
tatives present as the previous day.
Ordered, That Rhea Springs Chapter
No. 83. enforce their by-laws until next
annual convocation.
Ordered, Tliat the report of the committee
on Foreign Correspondence he published
with the proceedings of the Grand Chapter.
The election of Grand officers for the en
suing year will take place to-day; and the
installation comes ofi' this evening.
It is thought the Grand Chapter will close
the business of the convocation this evening.
Excursion to Chicago.
A special train of sleeping cars will leave
Louisville on to-morrow (Saturday) at 3:30
p. M., and arrive at Chicago Sunday morn
ing, returning, leave Chicago Sunday eve
ning, and arrive at Louisville Monday
morning. The fare for the round trip from
Louisville will be $12, and those going from
this place will have to pay five cents per
mile additional over the Louisville and
Nashville railroad. This will be a favorable
opportunity for those who would like to see
the ruins of the late fire at Chicago. Par
ties can leave here Saturday morning and
make the connection, and be at home again
Monday evening.
Determined Itcsislnnco to Arrest.
Two men in Texas, Indicted for the crime
of murder, succeeded in getting two gentle
men of sufficient means to become their
bondsmen in the sum of $2,500 each, and
then fled from the State. The escaped men
made their appearance in Nashville a few
days aco, as did also their bontls;ncn who
had followed them to Tennessee for the
purpose of capturing and taking them back i
to Texas. One of the culprits was arrested
by the jiolice here, hut the other mado his
escape from the city, and was followed by
his pursuers to Decherd, in Franklin count v,
Tunn.,ucar which place, he fortified himself
and made such other preparation as was ne
cessary to resist and prevent capture. He
was provided, in his fortification with guns
and pistols, aud when his Texas securities
tound his hiding place and demanded his
surrender, lu plainly told them they could
not take him without running considerable
risk of losing their own Ik ti. ifi
p'acc for a short time for tho purpose of
s iimnonni!;assistanccordcviain'rcn,fto..c.
means of making the capture. During l&eir
brief absence, the fugitive from justice aban- j
doned his fortress, and nothing has since
l)een heard of his whereabouts, although the
most diligent effort has been and is still lie
ing made in that direction.
.1
Taken Sackto Texas.
On Tuesday last two gentlemen latelyi
Jice department and stated that they -were
expecting the arrival in this city of two
murderers, who had recently escaped from
that State, and for whose appearance they
had given $2,500 security each, desired as
sistance In making their arrest. Thomas
Darwin, one of the fugitives, was arrested
last night at the depot of the Nashville and
Cliattanooga Railroad, upon the arrival of
a train, and placed In jail for safekeeping
until yesterday evening, when the Texas
men started with him to the scene of his
crimes. The other fugitive escaped from
them at Decherd, as elsewhere staled, and
does not at present propose revisiting the
Lone Star country.
A Biff Sale.
At Vaughn's Gap, some ten miles from
the city, there was a big sale yesterday by
S. E. McCutcheon and John Vaughn, ex
ecutors. The sale comprised 638 acres of
land, divided into six tracts, which brought
in the aggregate 18,784. One of the tracts
was purchased by W. H. McPhcrson at $10
per acre, another by James Sawyers for $25
per acre, the third by John House at $41
per acre, the fourth by the same purchaser
at $20, the fifth by E. Greer at $42, and the
sixth by Henry Arnold, colored, at $33 per
acre. The sale was made on a credit of
one, two and three years, and Is considered
satisfactory.
Memorial to Dickens.
We learn it is in contemplation by the
people of England to erect a monument to
commemorate tho name of her cherished
and devoted son, tho lamented Charles
Dickens. The great novelist docs not need
a memorial to keep his name green in the
hearts of his countrymen, because his name
alone stands a living monument to perpetu
ate his fame. But doubtless the people of
Portsmouth (tho birthplace of Mr. Dickens)
feel a just pride in doing honor to their il
lustrious son, and well they might. An
.English paper says "Portsmouth has, how
ever, the very best rjght to couple thp name
of Charles Dickens perpetually with its
own, and to do the town ijnmorjal honor in
keeping Ids memory green jii tjic sppt which
was his birthplace."
Col. Klllebreu's Speech at Jackson.
The Jackson Plaindcaler of the 4th inst.
says: "Mr. J. B. Killebrew, the Agricul
tural Editor of the Nashville Uxiox and
American, delivered an address on Thurs
day. Wc cauuot do justice to tliis address
in a sentence or two. It was distinguished
by manly thought and beautiful language
and it ought to be published and scattered
broadcast over the land. Its whole spirit
was to show the dignity of intelligent labor
the honor of farming, and the necessity
ot developing the resources of the country.
The speech was listened to with profound
attention by an immense concourse of peo
ple. The orator acquitted himself with
great credit to himself and to the occasion.
The crowd on Thursday was, if any differ
ence, greater than that on Wednesday. The
interest was unabated, and every indication
is that the two remaining days will be full
of interest. We believe tliat the people have
enjoyed tlieinselves, and that the fair will be
remembered as a pleasant time."
Personal.
Among the distinguished visitors in the
city is Senator Q. W. Bayne of the Louis
ville press. He is looking so remarkably
well tliat his old friends hardly knew him.
During his sojourn here, we extend to him
the hospitalities of the city.
Col. W. B. Stokes returned to the city
yesterday, from AVashington.
non. A. E. Garrett was in the city yes
terday. Among tlic noted strangers in the city
was Col. Win. p. Trescott, of South Caro
lina.
Judge Robert J. McKinney and Co. W.
C. Kyle, of Knoxville, arrived in tho city
yesterday.
Maj. Hamby, of the Union City Courier,
U here.
Col. John A. McKinney, of Hawkins
county, is at the Maxwell House.
Among the arrivals at the Commercial
Hotel yesterday were Wm. M. Nixon, Esq.,
Athens, Tenn Mai. E. Sjmerley, Hamp
ton, Tenn.; Capt. Walter S. Bearden, Chas.
A. Warren and Leo M. Barrett, Shelbyville,
Tenn.; H. H. Ingersoll, Greenevillo, Tenn.;
H. R. Ilinkle, Savannah, Tenn.; L. F. Grif
fith, Louisville, Ky.; E. J. Oden, Summer
ville, Ala.
An Jj'nrnly "Amendment."
The quiet blf tlio city was somewhat dis
turbed last night by the arrival' of a negro
who seemed to be about one-half crazy and
the other half devilish. He was captured
out on the Franklin pike, several miles
from the city, and brought hi to be lodged
in jail. For a day or two past he lias been
visiting a number of houses in the locality
above mentioned, and breaking up every
thing he could lay hands on, Beds liave
been cut open, chairs and tables broken.
crockery-ware dispatched, and household
goods generally thrown around loose. His
conduct had been outrageous, and he be
came a tenor to fhe entire negro population
out that way.
A cart was used to bring him to the city,
and upon his arrival at the jail, he jumped
out and defied everybody within reach,
threatening death and destruction to all
who approaclied within striking distance.
After getting away from those who had him
in charge, he was again captured near the
corner of Cherry and Church streets, hand
cuffed and taken to jail. The name of the
infuriated darkey js Tom Marsh, who says
he came from South Carolina about a week
ago. drant's late Ku-Klux proclamation
no doubt so disturbed his peace and liappi
ness that he flew to Tennessee for relief, and
being thus rutlilessly driven from his old
home, the shock was greater tlian he couhl
bear.
Aversion of tho Japs to Itij.
The erroneous but generally prevalent
idea that the Japanese, like the Cliinesc,re
gard rats .is choice food, was yesterday the
means of getting an enterprising old ilarkey
into an embarrassing fix and bad specula
tion. Some of the old fellow's coterapora
ries informed him that the company of Jap
anese, just arrived in tlie city to give a se
ries of their wonderful entertainments at
Masonic Hall, came from a country where
people thought rats very delicious food, and
not liaviiijr been in this land of tho free
long enough to outgrow their fondness for
such diet, were paying high prices forlarge,
fat rats. Induced by this information, he
set his trap, and through his own skill suc
ceeded iu catching a few fine specimens of
tlie rat tribe, anil also paid twenty-live
cents each for other representatives of the
same species. These ho took ina bird cige
to the hotel where the Japs stopped and
offered the collection to them at reasonable
rates. The rat catcher was very much sur
prised when informed tliat the Japs were
not at present devouring a great many ani
mals of that sort, and iu a high state of in
dignation he hurried from the place to
make a gratuitous presentation of his game
to "Tray, Blanche and Sweetheart," or
any other dogs worthy of his generosity.
The Markcthouse Suit.
In the Cliancery Court yesterday, in the
case of the State of Tennessee vs. the May
or and City Council of Nashville, the coun
sel for the relators, Messrs. Humphreys and
Lindsley, moved that the original and
amended hills, praying that the present
Markcthouse system be abated as a public
nuisance, be taken for confessed, and set for
hearing cor parte, as no defense had been
made by the city, within the time prescribed
by law. Mr. Howell, on behalf of the City
Council, stated that a City Attorney would
soon be elected, whose duty'jt would he to
attend to this case, and asked tlie Court to
give the city until the first Monday In Jan
uary to file a defense to the suit. Mr.
nowell stated he had no authority to ap
pear on behalf of the city authorities, but
made the request, as a member of the Fi
nance Committee of the City Council, in
order to save the city the expense of era
ploying aspecial attorney. The counsel for
the Relators stated tliey were not asking
any precipitate action In the matter, but
that they would move the Court for an in
junction, were any steps taken by the city,
looking to a perpetuation of the nuisance.
The Court gave the city until the first Mon
day in December, within which to make its
defense.
Relative to New York fashion pursuits
this season, the Eteninr Mail of tliat city
says New York society lias about recov
ered from the literary and artistic fever
which raged so violently last winter, and
our belles who tried so liard to be learned
have concluded to return to those occupa
tions for which nature and education' have
fitted tliem dancing and flirting."
O'ilara again on tho"fIHlkJ
rThe Lexington (Ky.) Prow says Mr. P.
M. O'Hara, .from Louisville, proposes to
perform a feat iu Lexington, on Monday-
-next, -which will eclipse Westoiu He pro
poses to wals 1U1 miles around the Lexing
ton trotting, track inside of twenty-four
hours. Mr. O'Hara is a rapid walker, hav
ing accomplished six miles in an hour, and
a mile in seven and a half minutes. He
proposes to walk the first mile of his trip on
Monday in nine minutes. He docs not
skip, like Weston, but is a square heel and
loo walker. He seems .very confident of
being able to perform the task. Hfi wjil
start at two o'clock in Jhe afternoon on
Monday.
A Cheerful Home.
A single bitter word may disquiet an en
tire family for a whole day. One surly
glance casts a gloom over the household;
while a smile, like a gleam of sunshine, may
light up the darkest and weariest hours.
Like unexpected flowers which spring up
along our path, full of freshness, fra
grance and beauty, so the kind words,
and gentle acts, and sweet dispositions, make
glad the home where peace and blessing
dwell. No matter how humble the abode,
if it be thus, garnished with grace, and
sweetened with kindness and smiles, the
heart will turn longingly toward it from all
the tumults of the world, aud home, if it
be ever so homely, will be the dearest spot
beneath tho circuit of the sun.
And the Influences of home perpetuate
themselves. The gentle grace of the moth
er lives in her daughter long after her head
is pillowed iu the dust of death; and father
ly kindness-finds its eclio in the nobility and
courtesy ofsonswho come to wear his man
tle, and to fill his place; while, on the other
hand, from. an unhappy, misgoverned and
disordered home, go forth persons who shall
make other homes mirerable, and perpetu
ate the sourness and sadness, the conten
tions and strifes, and railings, which have
made their own early lives so wretched and
distorted.
Toward the cheerful home the children
gather "as clouds, and as doves to their
windqws;" whjle from the home which is
the abode of discontent and strife and
trouble, they fly forth as vidtures to rend
their prey.
The class of men that disturb and dis
tress the world are not those born and nur
tured -amid the hallowed influences of
Christian homes but rather those whose
eaily life lias been a scene of trouble and
vexation, who have started wrong in the
pilgrimage, and whose course is one of dis
aster to themselves and trouble to those
around them.
llorso Notes.
The bay stallion, W. II. Allen, was offer
ed for sale for $15,000 at Boston. Time,
o.o-;i
Mr. C. IL Blanchard, of Boston, has pur
cliased the trotting stallion Col. Moulton,
by Daniel Lambert, out of a Hambletonian
mare, for $10,000. His fastest performance
was lapping out W. H. Allen, at Boston, in
v
Mr. W. Woodward, of San Francisco,
stakes $5,000 to $1,000, with John Mackey,
that he cannot produce a horse within nine
ty days that can trot twenty miles an hour.
Tlie horse to be named on the day of the
race.
It is asserted that Johnny Murphy, the
red prince of riders, rode Mr. Bonner's
beautiful young mate Pocahontas, in 2:18.
This is the fastest mile on record over
Fleetwood, and within lialf a second of the
king of the turf, Dexter's time, 2:1S under
the saddle.
Col. Dickey, of California, has matched a
green horse that lias never trotted for
money against any horse, mare, or gelding
in the world, mile heats, best three In five
in harness, for $10,000, play or pay, in
ninety days, over the Sacramento track. It
is rumored that the green horse is Gen.
Sanford's trotter, of which so much has
been said, and that Goldsmith Maid will be
selected by Gen. E. S. Bennett.
Mis. Silas Seymour, the consulting en
gineer, is oi opinion tnat narrow guage
railways arc not, when all the facts are
considered, any cheaper tlian broad gauge,
He recommends to Mr. Marshall O. Roberts
that the guage of the Texas Pacific be made
five feet wide.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
The Lord Mayor's Banquet Speeches
from Sehcnck nnd Gladstone
Lovdojt, Nov. 9. Lflrd Mayor's Day
closed with the usual banquet, given by the
Lord Mayor at Uuild Jiall, winch was at
tended by a brilliant company, consisting of
Ministers, members of Fathamcnt, Amuas
sadors and other distinguished persons
Among the guests were Gladstone and sev-
oral members of the cabinet and Schenck,
the American Minister.
Toasts were given to'the diplomatic corps,
which was fully represented, and responded
to by Mr. Schenck, who in the course of
his remarks made a grateful and feeling
allusion to the sympathy with Chicago in
their great calamity. The speech was
loudly and significantly applaudcd.Eij
Mr. Gladstone replying to 'fHer Majesty's
Government" said he was thankful to be
able to state that at present England had
actually no quarrel, feud or controversy
with foreign powers anywhere on the sur
face ot ttie globe. England s place in
Europe was that of one among many
i sisters, inseparable from the European
family, but. he was glad tliat
lipr peculiar position removed her from risk
of European dissension?, Peace was never
so certain' as now. He behoved tliat the
sentiments, friendslu'p and attachment
which had been expressed by the Minister
of llj United States, on the part of tlie
American people, fr their breth
ren in Great Britain, were uni
versally felt in the breasts of both
nations, "When,"' said Gladstone,
with much earnestness, 'tl Amprican
Minister spoke of relief for Chicago, the
heart of this great Hall answered him
America has been equally ready to pour out
her treasure for our relief."' Prolonged
cheering.
The treaty of Washington, he continued,
not only obviated future controversy,it was
an extension of that international Code
which was the most remarkable of the tri
umplis ofmodern civilization,aud might pos
sibly inaugurate tlie peaceful arbitraments
of all dispntes among nations.
The Aremicr concluded by declaring
England had little to fear from internal
troubles, and the Internal Society, a source
of so much apprehensions to her neighbors
caused no uneasiness here-
FRANCE.
i'lre-Damp Oyer 50 Miner Hilled.
Paris, Nov. 9. A terrible explosion oc
curred in a coal mine near St. Etienne,
while the gangs were at work. None of the
men have yet been recovered. About 22
bodies have been taken out, and 32 miners
arc still in the pit, all of whom are supposed
to be dead. The explosion was caused by
fire-damp.
Compulsory Soldiery anil Study.
In the General Council of Eure yester
day, Minister Fonyer Qucrtier said Thiers,
who had been opposed to making the mili
tary service obligatory, was beginning to
yield before the necessity of some such
measure to bring the army up to the proper
standard of efficiency.
The general coimcils of the departments
throughout tho country are considering the
subject of compulsory education. Several
have already adopted the system. Many
have declared in favor of it, and there is
gOfld reason to believe that all will eventu
ally accept and carry it into practical opera
tion. ZURICH,
Woman's Kighls.
Zuricii, Nov. 9. The degree of Doctor
of Jtcdfcjne has been conferred upon Miss
Dimock, an American ad'y, by the Univer
sity of this city. She had completed her
studies in the medical school attached to the
university.
A sensational work just iscued in New
York, known as "The Coming Race," thus
descrices the hero: "A serene-browed, ma
jestic, terrible being, of awful mein, call,but
not giguntic, bea.dless, with wings of nie
chanical contrivance, tunic and legins of
thin, fibrods material, a shining tiara of
jewels, and a polished, slander staff of met-
1 V 1 1 i
al line steel in ms ngiit juiuu. i iie iace,
like the Sphynx, of calm, intellectual and
mysterious beauty. Color, a peculiar rich,
soft hue of red-"
MTSriCIl'AX. AFFAIRS.
Meeting: of. the Board ot Aldermen.
The Board met at 7:30 p.m., President
Wilkinson in the chair. Present all the
members of the Board.
BILLS.
The bill to elect a city attorney passed.
The bill to provide Jbr the election of a
city engineer, and to define his duties,
passed on first reading.
The rules being suspended, the hill was
Drought upon a second reading.
Mr. Smith moved that the bill be amended
by fixing the salary of the engineer at $1,500
a year, allowing him assistance when neces
sary.
Mr. Wilkin did not approve of making the
salary too low. There -was a great deal of
worK to be done, a nxed grade lor the city
was required, and no engineer could afford
to do it for the salary proposed.
Mayor Morris said the grades of the city
were already established by law and the
profiles were in the Mayor's office. He
doubted whether any new streets would be
made this year, and the principal work of
the city engineer would be to show the
grade of any street when required.
The bill and amendments were referred
to a special committee, consisting of Messrs.
Kercheval, Wilkin, and Smith.
A bill was introduced to prevent the stor
age of more tlian five barrels of petroleum
or coal oil in any one part of the city, and
to regulate the manner in which it shall be
stored. Passed on first, second, and third
reading.
Bill relative to animals infected with the
disease known as glanders, passed on third
reading.
Resolution requesting the representatives
of Nashville in the General Assembly of tlie
State to procure the enactment of a bill to
amend section 4 of an "act to abolish the
Metropolitan Police system in Nashville."
The proposed act was read, and the reso
lution was adopted. Yeas 5, nays 4.
The Common Council returned the bill
respecting tho storage of petroleum, with an
amendment providinthat the bjll shall not
take effect till Jan, 1, 1S72.
The Board of Aldermen refused to con
cur in the amendment, and a Committee of
Conference was appointed. They agreed up
on Dec. 1, 1871, as the date upon which the
bill should take efleet.
Resolution from the Common Council
relative to the repairs of McNairy street.
Received and concurred in.
Bill for the improving of Watkins Tark.
Passed three, readings.
To prevent swine from running at large
in the city.
The bill provides tliat the City Marshal
and police shall be authorized to take up
all swine found running at large in the city,
and confine them for three days in the city
workhouse. If within that time the owner
of any pig so confined shall pay one dollar,
the pig shall be delivered to him; if not, the
same shall be sold for the benefit of the
city.
The bill was passed on three readings,and
its author received the fervent thanks of his
colleagues.
Bill to authorize, the building of a sewer
on Broad street. Passed on a first reading,
and referred to the Street Committee.
a resolution to appropriate j0 Jpr the
printing the aunual reports of the Chief
of the Fire Department and the Superin-
tendent of the Water Works, was adopted.
I he iioanl adjourned at iu:iu p. m.
The Common Council.
The Common Council met last night in
regular session, President M. B. Howell in
the chahj and 18 members present.
OFFICIAL IU:i'OKTS.
Reports of the various departments pre
viously submitted to the Board of Alder- j
men, were read and ordered to be filed.
Accounts for October amounting to $32,
875 were allowed. The Treasurer's report
shows a balance on hand, Nov. 1, of $10,
270. The city sexton's report shows 33 In
terments duriug the month of October 24
whites and p colored. The report of the
Street Committee shows tliat tlia street
l.i l..l II
qua uau., tcu, mm
fri
viuj dim viu iuitki lie
port of the Hospital Committee shows 10
clarity patients at St. Vincent Hospital on I prfrate parties. TliweiMv someloose
the 1st of November, and the cost of the in- in rpraril Z
stitution for the month, $220. The report
of the Fire Department shows one fire and
three alarms during the mouth, and the
force and niacliineryingood working order.
PETITIONS.
A number of petitions asking for a re
duction of assessments on real estate were
referred to the Finance Committee, and
several applications to build frame houses
beyond the limits of the fire district were
granted.
CITY IlOOK-KEEPEIS.
The bill to provide for a City Book-keeper
passed its third reading.
WOKKIIOUSE OFFICERS.
The bill to provide for the election iii De
cember of each year of a Workhouse
Keeper, Assistant Keeper and Night Watch
man failed on its second reading.
FKOM THE EQAEIJ OK ALUEIiMEN.
On motion of Councilman Duling, the
Council concurred in the slight amendments
made by the Board of Aldermen in the
City Attorney bill, thus completing its en
actment. The bill to make the market hours from
4 to 10 a. M., and from 4 a. m. to 4 p. m.
on Saturdays passed its third reading.
The bill regulating the storing of coal oil,
not allowing more tlian five barrels to be
kept at any one point, passed its third read
ing after being so amended as to extend the
time of its coing into effect until the first of
January, 172.
Tho bill to provide for the erection of gas
posts on all the streets where main pipes
arc already down, passed a second reading,
and Council refused to suspend the rules.
The bill to prevent the spread of glanders
among horses and mules passed, under a
suspension of the rules, its third reading, by
unanimous vote.
The Board of Aldermen failing to concur
in Council amendment to the Coal Oil bill
extending time, Councilman Perry moved
the appointment of a committee of confer
ence with a similar committee from the
other Boad. Councilmen Perry, Keed, and j
T.ittrtrrtr wntfl nnnrtlntoil nn iltA m r-t t'tl,rt
v.. ..v.U I VI. ...I. j 1 ...u
Common Council.
The action of the other Board giving Mr.
Tally privilege to keep a coffee stand in the
Markethouse was concurred in.
The petition of citizens to gravel Union
street letween Vine and Summer, was laid
upon the table.
The application of II. H. Haiimcr Co.,
to erect a wash board in rear of their new
livery stable on Front street, was granted.
CIIEHltY STREET SIDEWALKS.
Councilman Cotton offered a resolution,
which was adopted, requiring property own
ers on the east side of Cherry, from Broad
to Franklin streets, to make sidewalks iu
accordance with the law.
M'NAinY STREET.
A resolution to repair McNairy street, in
the tenth ward, being under consideration,
Councilman Duling made an earnest appeal
in behalf of the application, embracing a
statement respecting- the relation ot the
tenth ward to the city government. He
stated that since the admission of that ward
its citizens had paid to the city officers for
taxes $21,000, and that the appropriations
thus far made for the benefit of the tenth
ward amounted onlvto $030. McNairy street
had been mined in order to fill up Broad
street, and Councilman Duling thought it
most clearly the duty of the city to restore the J
city to its former condition. Tlie resolution
was referred to tho Street Committee.
AXOTHEK MARKET HOUSE HILL.
A bill to appropriate $20,000 for the ercc- 1
tion of a new market house, the adoption
of whichjs recommended by the Market j
House Committee, passed its first reading.
rirv mvTtm. I
bill to prevent members of the City
Council from taking contracts to do work t
for the city, was rejected.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The report of the Committee of Confer
ence on the coal oil bill, fixing the time for
its going into effect on tho 1st of December,
1ST1, was adopted.
AdAlNST SWINE RUNNING AT LARGE.
A bill which had passed its third rending
in the Board of Aldermen to prohibit hogs
running at large, was adopted by the Coun
cil. FOR PRINTING.
A resolution providing for the appropria
tion of $50 to pay for printing the annual
reports of the Chief of the Fire Department
and the Superintendent of the Water Works
was adopted.
NEW POLICE MEASURE KILLED.
A resolution from the Board of Aldermen
to apply to the Legislature to have the law
relative to Police Commissioners so changed
as to provide for the election of live Police
Commissioners, instead of three, as at pros
ent, was rejected.
IL, n icicacu.
The Council adjourned until tl next
stated meeting.
THE PUBLIC PBISTISG i'KAIJDS;
rom ti Athens Post.
The Joint Committe appointed by the
Legislature to investigate tho charges made
against Jones, Purvis Co., by 6ol. John
Baxter, reported last week, declaring all the
charges unsustained and fully exonerating
tlie parties from anything wrong in their
accounts for the public printing. Senator
Gibson, of Campbell, made a counter re
pin, which indulges in some special plead
ing and talks of ems. token, anil nerl,,
other terms familiar to practical men, but of
which the honorable gentleman is presumed
to know very little. For the information of
iue general reauern an is the square of the
type used. In the typj in which this article is
setup there are twenty erws to the line,so by
counting the number of lines in a column
of solid matter of the Post any one can tell
the number of ems it contains. This
article, however, is "leaded." Four "leads"
are equal to a line, and a column of "leadod
matter" measures just the same number of
ems as a column of "solid matter."' In
book and pampldet work, the "folio," the
blank line between tliat and the matter, ami
the foot-line at the bottom of each page are
hvuuauj i-siiuiuieu in lue measurement, Dy
both compositor and employer. All blank
pages are counted; all role and figure work
is coargeu at "two prices," that Is, a thou
sand ems rule and figure, is estimated as
equal to two thousand emu of "straight mat
ter." Figure work, without rules, is "a
price and a half," one thousand bein?
counted as equal to fifteen hundred straight
m.Hm n T t ..1 i
iiutiiu. 11U3, nt; ircueie, uas ueen me
universal custom vyJiere work was estimated
and paid for by the piece or thousand.
In regard to press-work: A foiten is ten
quires of white paper, which when worked
on both sides counts and is always charged
as two tokens, and justly too, because it is
handled twice, goes through the press twice,
and when "worked and turned" contains
two copies of tho "form" being printed. If
the paper designated by law be "medium,"
then eight octave pages are worked in a
form, which when turned and printed on
both sides, gives sixteen pages or two copies
to tho sheet, and requiring four hundred
and eighty impressions to every token of ten
quires of white paper. Or, to make it still
plainer, two hundred and fortvdmpressions
constitute a token, and in printlngjicc quires
of white paper both sides tliat number is
obtained. If the contract says "medium"
paper, and the printer procures "double
medium" and prints sixteen pages, Instead
of eight, in a form, then every ten quires of
white paper, "double-medium." size, printed
on both sides, will count as four tokens
"medium" named iu tlia contract, though
jn estimating the number of tokens from tlie
signatures or number of paces in the print
ed book the party making the calculation, if
not a practical man or familiar with the
rules and regulations of the trade, would be
likely to fall short just one half.
About the foAr compositions for a portion
of the printing which enters iqto the appen
dix, the printer k clearly entitled to three
of them, because the matter is handled throe
times and is made up in three different
"forms"; the fourth, we think, is an overr
charge, though perhas in accordance with
practice in this State.
In regard to. paper, wastage, etc., 24
sheets malce a quire, 20 quires constitute a
1 K!Lla and 11 used t0 1)0 tlie case that of
cveO" ream two quires, bottom and top,
vuu ui 0U VUlkl
I iii a hundred reams delivered from the
mill there would be two hundred quires
or ten reams of broken or waste paper.
We refor to these tilings in detail, because
1 we have been frequently asked what Col.
Baxter meant by ems aud f oJrnw In connec
I with his charges about the public printing,
and to show how easily he might be led into
error m some or his calculations.
In regard to the election of Public Print
er, loth reports agree that there was noth
ing very bad or hurtful in that. If there
liad been, it isn't likely that we would have
liad anything to do w'rth it in
view of tho ijnall consideration in
volved. A good deal has been said
j about the profits of the printing. Of course,
I .uujuuo u
i Uiee h a iiberal margin enough, but, all
considered, we Xn't belfeve it' is
any too liberal; and. we can't see why the
If such be the fact, it will be the duty of the
Legislature to remedy the defects, and we
hope it will be done, and that there will be
no more puDiic lime ana public money frit
tered away in fruitless and profitless inves
tigations. It will be news to many play-goers that
the sensational drama of "The Cnrsipnn
j Brothers was founded on an incident in
the lives of the famous, or notorinns.Frencli
Republicans, Louis Blanc and his brother
Charles. Moncure D. Conwav savs it is so.
and Conway is on friendly personal rela-
lions with the Blaucs. Those who are
thrilled by the startling situations in the
drama will liave a new sensation in know
t ing they were founded on fact, and that the
original parties are still alive.
River News.
We continue to report 13 inches on Harpcth
Shoals, and river ttatlonary. Weather cloudy,
with light showers of rain.
The Talisman, now lying at the wharf, is look
ingjust as good as new.
The I. N. Phillips la still undergoing repairs.
vuiuuia Btre ueing raiseu on miscraii
yesterday.
Fount Dodd Is now engaged in organizing a
Young Men's Association as an adjunct to the
Boatmen's Association.
Steamboat Investments -W. H. Fulton, of
i.uui: uock, Art., 19 in iavor 01 iron steamers
nnu Liargcs. jic writes: "i nave been a steam
boat clerk, pilot, and captain since the year
1836, and in all that time, from I83G to 1871, have
never felt like trying to persuade a friend to In
vest his money in a steamboat on account of. I
may say, their short life without an accident,
and their still shorter life should an accident oc
cur. 1 have been perlecUv familiar with the
Ohio river. Upper Mississippi, Illinois, and Low
er Mississippi trades from 1818 up to this date,
lb71, audi do not know of oier five boatmen and
boat owners out of a hundred In either trade
making any money during that time. I know
iositlvelv or many verv distressing circum
stances naving occurred" among mv steamboat
friends, only two of which I will mention: First,
that of tho veteran Capt. George Taylor, -vho
served a life-time in the St. Louis and New Or
leans trade, and died while Captain of the steam
boat Belfast, without means to pay for trans
porting his remains home to St- Louis for Inter
ment. The other case Is that of the lamented
Capt. McComas, who. after a steamboat career
of many years, committed suicide on account of
tne many mishaps he bad met with In stcamboat
ing with wooden hulls. Had I been able, I
would havo built an iron boat for the Missouri
river twenty years ago."
The Steamboat Convention at Louisville is
composed of the following delegations:
PiTTsncnou Delegation R C Gray, J T
Stockdale, C L Brannon, N T Bigley, George F
Miller, John McChmky, WS Parker, George F
Dravo, Joseph H Brown, John A Wood, W II
Brown, WJ Kountz.
Cincinnati Delegation Thomas Sherlock,
B M Wade, R S Semple, H IT Hart. W O Voris,
A Robinson, Jr, John G Ralpe, J II Pepper, Jos
S Wise, Lew Kates, O P Shlnkle. JO Reno, F
Batchelor, John Shunk, Sam J Hale, T N John
son. R W Wise, Sam Beckenstaff, John S Patter
son, John A Williamson, John Woodbuni, David
Gibson, Geo W Neare, J W Batchelor, E E Bow
ers, R H Maratta, Henry Hartman.
Louisville Delegation R H Woolfolk, Z
M Shirley, George Ainslic, H Yerhocfl", Jr,
Frank Carter, Moses Irwin, BC Levi, AT Gil
more. Jo Mitchell, L 1! Dunham, Charles O
Schultz, Pink yarble.
Evansville Delegation Gus Lempkr, II
M Swcitzer, H T Dexter, J DeSouchet.
Nashville Delegation II H Harrison.
St. Loris Delegation K W Gould, William
Rhodes, JohnMcCIoy, (5 M Mason, H C Hortsie,
David Hincr, G II Bettls, James Homans, J N
Bofingcr, W II Green, M A Bryson, George A
Hynes, James L Huse, T McCord, II w Bro
laskl. Caiho Delegation.! M Phiilips.
Memphis Delegation James Lee, Jr, John
D Elliott, Joseph Elliott, O F Prescote
New Albany Delegation Samuel Mnnf.
gomery, Hicks King, H J Reamer.
",SSV,V, Kf?AII0S-J Mewart' 11 J
New Orleans Delegation E R Perry, C W
Stlnde, H J Brinker, C Thorn, J a McCullougb,
Sam Lawson.
a3"aa La- DnE B Trina-
Jepveksonville Delegation D S Barmore,
i' -i i;ru.u, u.-uu.-j jiovaru, .'oun .lontgcm
1 cry.
I Galveston (Texas) Delegation D Barns,
v ouiiiuru.
ViCKsncno Delegation D W Flowcrv.
Detkoit (Michigan) Delegation John S
Newberry, Eber Ward, Stephen ICirby, Jamos M
Balcntlnc. 1
Buffalo (New York) Delegation J F
Whiting.
MoniLE Delegation D J Blakesley.
New York Delegation Cyrus P Smith. II
L Livingston, M F Clyde, C U Delamater, C W
iooiana, it 11 jteynoius, Jticnaru peck, Dunning
Smite. A P St John.
BALTIMORE (MARYLAND) JJELEGATION-
JS
Brown. Joseph Craiir.
j The New Orleans Bulletin of the 7th Inst, con
tains tho following:
I The weather yesterday continued pleasant and
good, without much change, except thejranat
I mid-day was attempting to assert his swav again,
I and give us another touch of his nowerj but the
1 few efforts Old Sol made only made matters more
pleasant than otherwise. The evening closed
f mth ft rlfar. blue transnarnnt six
The business of yesterday, like all of our blue
Mondays, didn't amount to much, and nothin"
but the local packets, and the Tahlequah. for
Opelousas, obtained enough to venture a start.
All the local packets iro ireneraUv. rain nr .Mn
1 r.' v
SSrS
j orainary mp, men we wiu give the boat or boats
in. i iWMjjiiwi
dcqui us ouoj&as as iney nave
Iwon on business prospects, but aU aeeia hopeful
that water in all our rlvea W opes up the ave
nues of business, and stmt, matters UrelT. and.
The river mArka last nnmtn9 wm.ii u.a
inches below the high water gauge of 1862. Thera
was a rumor that Ouachita river, at Camden.
Ark., had surprised everybody with an 18 Inch
rise In a quiet manner, but almost as quietly had
receded to Its old stand-point. The news by tele
graph proves very flattering from Bed river and
claims that it had risen at Shreveport 13 feet and
still rising fast, and our boatmen In that quarter
are going their last cent on It, and falling Into
une for rapid business. We are without any fur
ther information from Arkansas river and fear
that It Is In its falling movements.
By Telegraph.
5lKr ma, Nor. 9-Clear and pleasant. Elver
rose 3 Inches.
STATE OF THE WEATHER.
tsrapic Revert from. Signal Ssrviet Carp
a. A.., of Obtmalimt at 4 e'clode, P.M.
U.
3'alal J
if Si 6 S 3
vo.ia s 4
30.03! 50 S E 2
23.32) 4t Calm 0
23.85 43 N E 3
29.531 68 S "W 26J
29.S3 65 8 2
23.88! 45 E 17
30.C3! 61 S E 3
23.551 00 N 11
23.881 11 S 6
23.501 53 SE 8
23.31 80 N E 5
23.63 43 NT 24
23.51 60 Calm 0
23.63 Ct S V 15
29.81 7t NW 2
23.61 a W 5
23.82 61. S VT 4
23.33 41 S W 3
30.00 54 S E 2
29.62 38 N 26
23.87 01 E 1
23.83 37 N 4
28.93 80 S 14
29.88 67 Calm 0
23.79 67 W 14
23.51 63 S W 11
33.86 41 N 3
29.95 61 E 4
23.80 74 S TV 8
30.00 78 S W 2
Place of Obser
tlon. State Of
weather.
Augusta, Ga...
Baltimore......
Dos ton...
Buffalo
Cairo
Charleston
Chicago.
Cincinnati.....
Davenport-...,
Galveston....
Indianapolis...,
Kev West.Pla
Light rIn
Fair
Clear
Clear
Fair
Light rUn
Light r'ln
lilghtr'ln
Th'g st'm
Clear
Th'g st'm
Fair
Misty
Clearing
Clear
Cloudy
Clearing
Cloudy
Fair
Cloudy
Light r'ln
Cloudy
Fair
Leavenworth....
louisviiie.
Memphis........
Mobile, Ala.
Nashville-
New Orleans
New York.
Norfolk.
Omaha
Pittsburg;
PortlandTaie....
PuntaRosa.
Savannah.
Shreveport.
St. Louis.
St. Paul.
Wilmington
Vicksburg.
Jacksonville.....
Fair
Misty
Clear
Fair
Light r'la
Th'g st'm
Clear
Cloudy
War Detabtkbst,
Owice or the Caizr StojcAi. Orricxs.
FnbaMitxet: The low barometer In Illinois
will probably move eastward on to Lake Erie
flVT1 Easterly "bids will continue on Lake
Michigan, backing to the northwest and increas
ing northeast winds on Lake Erie, veering to the
southwest. Southwest winds with rain from
Georgia to Virginia. Cold northwest winds and
clearing weather west of Alabama and Illinois.
Easterly winds with threatening weather In New
England. Warning signals are ordered. Caution
ary signals are ordered for tho southern portion
of Lake Michigan and Lake Erie.
LATEST MARKETS BT TELEGRAPH.
i3fS,b,,VNov Cotton In fair demand;
middlings 171-c; net receipts 1,79; exports coast
wise 694; sales 1.C00; stock 80,410 Ws.
Savnuuali. Soy 0Cotton Irregular; good
d-inand; middling 17X017 c; net receipts 4,578
an.! sffi as baies;
.iif?ia5stonJ Soyr 9 Cotton qufet; mid
bat8; g&Sgff'
City Notices.
John Gllean Ho.
Shawls, Dress Goods, Blankets and Flan
nels, at tne Trade Palace, 14 Public Square.
novlO tf
TradePalace. Dress Goods, Silks, Al
pacas, Shawls and Furs, cbean. at id Tnh
lie Square. Jon.v Gilo ax Co.
novS tf
Manlore, Richards Xcadors are
now receiving an entirely np.w stnrlr nf
Staple and Fancy Dry Goods, Carpets, etc,
o. 10 Public Square. novlO tf
Attention 1 Call at Moorman High
tower's for fresh Italian Macaroni, Young
America Cheese. Cranberries.
Flour, Loaf Sugar Drips, Nic Nac Biscuit,
etc, etc No. 30 Public Square.
novlO 2t
iteaiuey Warren have a splendid
stock of Furniture on hand, which they are
selling as low as any house in the city. Call
auu examine. novy lw
For sale on 5 years' time, 25 most eligi-
gmie uuiiuing Lots in North Edgefield. Ap-
l"l i asl,5V WARREN.
nov'J lw
Konbaix Ponlins at Twnntv.n
Cents. Opened this morning, one case of
iionuaix i-opims, m stripes, at twenty-five
icuis, ery uwxip.
nov8 3t Thompson Beos Kelly.
Silks Silks t Go to the headquarters,
No. 62 College street. The best assort
ment, largest stock, and cheapest Silks in
oasnviue. a. JtiCE (JO.
novo tf
Lxccllent all-wool French Merino at
boc, worth 51.2;, received to-day by
nov5 tf G. Rice Co.
Cheap, cheaper, cheapest. Velvet
eens, black and colored, very cheap: colored
Trimming Velvet cheaper than ever; Black
iriinuuuganuioaKuig velvets, tne largest
a.vwi. tiu uAuiuiivu m iiosmuiu, u- prices
10 sun au. a. KICK JO.
novo tf
Silk Yelonr and Silk Poplins, Seve-
M1 r .1 1
v-mcs kji meat; lusuraoie gooas receiveu
to-day. Silk Poplins at Si. considered
cheap at S1.00; best quality Velourat SI JX,
worth $1.75; splendid YelouratSl, worth
Ji-J"- u. kice es (Jo.
novo tf
Marriage Guide Interesting work,
numerous engravings, 224 pages. Price 50
cents. Address Dr. Butts' Dispensary, 12
North Eighth street, St. Louis, Mo. See
advertisement. sepl4 d&wly
Koyal Havana Lottery. $330,000 in
gold drawn every seventeen days. Prizes
cashed and information furnished. The
highest rates paid for doubloons, all kinds of
goia ana suver, Spanish bank bills, Govern
ment securities, etc Tavlor Co- Bank-
era, a o. WW all street, New York.
my 10 diKwtr
One Hundred Pieces of the finest Black
iMpaca, the celebrated Raven brand, rim
oest m tlie world, received to-day by
nova ti (j. kice Co.
Tlie new Colonnade Hotel. Pbiladelnbi.t.
t.. p.,-, t "nr.-?
nov4 lw
A splendid assortment of Lace Collars.
,1... l 1
nit uicai. abjic, receiveu 10-oay Dy
U. ICP 55 UO.
Burnett's Cookincr Extracts are tho
pest. ap7 lawly fn
Sateens Sateens The bestaualitv all
wool Sateens in tho city at 75 cents, worth
1.ZJ. ti. MCE Co.
nov5 tf
Boots and Shoes. Ladies' and Gentle
men s line custom-made Boots, Shoes and
Gaiters, superior quality, just received and
for sale at low prices, at No. 47 North rvL
lege street, next door to Union, east side.
oczt 11 UHAs. B. Hall.
Trunk Fact orr. All varieties of ladies'
auu centiemen s Travel ni Trunks and
merchants' Packinc Trunks, at wholesale
and retail, at Wm. Dunstead's, 47 North
.uarset street. oca) tf
MARRIED.
BENTLF.Y GREEN On tho evenlne of the
7th inst, at 8tt o'clock, at the residence of the
bride's uncle, Judge Nathan Green, Lebanon,
Tenn., by the Rev. Mi. Darnell, Mr. II. L.
IIentley, of Union City. Tenn., to Miss Alice
M. Gueen, of Lebanon, Tenn.
Danville and Richmond, Vs.. and Hantsvllle.
Ala., papers please copy.
HILL-HARDING On tho 0th Inst, by the
Rev. Mr. Lipscomb, at the Christian Church,
Murfreesboro, Mr. A. G. Hill and Miss Aht
Harding, both of Rutherford.
Attendants Mr. W. V. Mavs or Davidson.
Mhs Julia Lillard of Rutherford. Sir, srr. -v
Claybrooke of WJlJlamson, Miss Josle Adrich of
HOGS.
HOGS! HOGS! HOGS!
The undersigned. Proprietors of the
"Sewanee Pork House,"
WILL PAY
A HE BEST MARKET PRICE
During the entire season for
WELL PATTED HOGS.
Wo will Pack Hogs on Commission for those
who desire. It on as favorable terms u It ran hit
uono in tuo west.
HART HENSLEY,
oc27 d.sw&wlm No. 73 South Hsrhet St.
HATS.
"Tie Tourist Hat," the XobMeit
IMlHg OHt
Tke Broadwaj Style Silk Hat;
New Styles or Boys' and CWM-
rea'sllats;
New Styles of Neck Wear;
Fall Uiderwear in great variety,
AT
ELY WHITESIDE'S,
augaieodSmtoptthp 41 Cherry mtrott.
Fasaloaable Style Silk Hats,
Yoing Gents' Silk Hats,
Broadway Style Cassimere,
WE OPEN TO-DAY OUR NEW STYLES Off
Silk stii Cassimere Mats,
FOR THE FAXI. OF IS7L.
For Lightness, Durability and gsneral exeellecca
of ilnlsh, they will compare favorably with
any we have ever Issued.
Coaroraatenr Tjsd ana all Hate War
ranted to Fit. Prices tne Lowest.
WAIN WALKER,
Jr23rr 24 Public Square.
DRESS GOODS, ETC.
uiUBSfB-iwr ua. s: x kto-.
XHtESS-MAB: 1 1ST Or.
TJnESS-MAKllirCr.
Trr
YV E ARE NOW PRPPJPffn Tn
cute all orders In DRESS-MAKING praaJtirT
and at rnmlcraf. nWuu J
Colored TrlmmlBgr Velvets,
Black Trimming Tclveto,
Colored Yelveteens,
Black Velveteens,
in every shade, and cut on the bias, at Terr low
prices.
Gimps,
Frlngres,
Guipure laces,
Real Thread &ace9,
very much cheaper than we have ever sold them.
E. J. NORTHMAN,
novleodtf ithpsp 20 Public Square.
MISCELUNEOUS.
A Cheap Home.
Sroo Toxrrltory.
BY ORDER OF THE COUNTY COURT C7
Davidson County, and in accordance with
the last will and testament of Eliza Connally.
deceased, I wIU sell to the highest bidder, at tho
Courthouse in Nashville,
Ob Saturday, the ISta day J
Ifovember, 1871,
THE HOUSE AND LOT
Wo. 109 South Cherry Street, the home
stead of said deceased at the time of her death.
The Lot fronts 23 feet and runs back 160 feet.
The House is brick, two stories high, with base
ment, kitchen and cellar, store, back room and
halloa the first Soar, three rooms upstairs. Title
undisputed. Rents this year to good tenants for
300. Terms made known on day of sale.
THOMAS FARRELL,
Executor and Special Commissioner,
Corner Church and Market streets.
oc23 tds sp 4 thp
NEWSPAPERS.
GREAT
FAMILY PAPER I
FAMILY PAPER!
FAMILY PAPER 1
FAMILY .PAPER t
FAMILY PAPER!
rjux
TWELVE PAG ES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS 1
TWELVE
PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
UMN3I
COt
TWELVE
PAGES SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS I
TWELVE
PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
UMNS I
COL-
TWELVE
PAGES-SEVENTY-TWO COL
UMNS I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
J.mi BEST!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST I
THE CHEAPEST. THE LIVELIEST AND
THE BEST I
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMERICAN!
Containing the Cream of the News, Editorial and
Miscellaneous Reading Matter
Published In the
DAILY UNION AND AMEHICAN.
INCLUDINO
LATEST TELEGRAPH NEWS,
POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE,
COMMERCIAL andSTOCK REPORTS,
LITERARY TOPICS and REVIEWS,
SELECTED SOCIAL ESSAYS,
PERSONAL GOSSIP, and
INFORMATION FOR PLANTERS;
too ether wrrn the
CHOICEST STORIES,
LIGHT READING,
AND POETRY,
raox the
CURRENT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC PE-
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN CQPY
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN pOPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
PNLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAH.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEA2.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
Address,
J. O. GRIFFITH A CO.,
Nar.hville, Teaa