I AT A D TTT'Tllnr rTMSITTJlE
CLOTHING, ETC.
Gqi idull jiy New Anjat 108
109J.
W-BSMSHBD MARCH 307183S1.' ifsfiritf!.? THUlRS5Ay,' DECEMBER U; 1871. NEW SERLES-i0. 1 M.
j
1 1 I .,.1 l,.-r-.r in St.vc f
York yesterday, middling behig quoted at'
rf. 'If
L.VJLfT
in tho apportion-
TnuiiB "was an error
meat act as printed bj- .mbeolhMvday.
Houston county goes to'tho floterial district
Tritli Dicksun and Cheatham, and not with
Jtfi)tgonieryapd Stewart;
WASmBSroi iaa fha&nate
z r
of 'Gen? Fleasanfen, as1 "'Commissioriei
Internal Revenue. Tlie Finance Commit
to carefully cob'sfddred 6 en' Fleasanton's
-protest made against Jiis removal under the
civil tenure -of-SSco act,-nul deemed his
treasons" wholly insufficient, and so reporfed
to the Senate.
In tho executive session
there iwas no material
defense .made for
Pleasant
THX TAG ARIES OF A GOVEKSOR BY
fcsfc i ft OOUKTESY.
neUj Coulejfhas had his hands full since
tho meeting" of theGeojgia -;Legisiature.
Almost1 every mailnrgm r Atlanta .lias
bfopghl ajveji from the. acting Governor.
In his own estimation? iuTkuows more tkan
tho combined wisdom of tho State. One
'of his latest Jt'eaka in putlingLiKiself. iman
tagonism to the Legislature was to' declare,
that body at ah end bnd'diy before tho legal
expiration, of tho tenn, nud to order 'lie
Treasurer not to pay the members and.offi
cerTanyinore per diem. He went Into the
office of Governor determined to hold on
to it until tho expiration of Gov. Bullock's
"'term, and when tho Legislature, in pursu
ance of the authority conferred upon it by
the Constitution framed by a Radical con
stitutional convention, passed, a bill
providing forau election by the people to
fillithe-vacancy occasioned by the resigna
r tlon of Gov. Bulloct, poor' old Conley ve
,toed it, in the hope that Tie could keep him
fself'lnthe position by that means. But
wtheXegislature passed tho bill over his to
to, and the election will occur in a few
'r days. Now it is announced that he will
not"give up the office to the gentlemen who
may be elected, except by a decision of tho
'courts. He has thus determined, it appears,
to force the'Governor whom the Democrats
will elect to appeal to the courts to oust the
"tenant by courtesy" of the Governor's of-
floe; THat is characteristic of a
Radical: When he gets an office, he
.thinks he has almost a life estate
In it. It is even hinted that Grant will sus
tain Conley, in his course. This threat, for
such it Is, is probably put forth to frighten
the peoplti of Georgia. It i in keeping
with Grant's character, for he is not only a
usurper but the friend of usurpers, and no
toriouslyopppsed to free elections. Tho
people of Xashville know that by experi
ence, for ha sent Gen. Thsmas here in Sep
tember, 186S, to prevent tho Democrats
,$.frpm electing the Mayor. But times have
somewhat changed since then, and Conley
wili soon be allowed to retire to private life
to reflect, if he is capable of such a mental
effort, upon his folly, not to say malignity.
PROGRESS OF CENTRALIZATION.
Sometimes a thing is said in a jesting way
wwhicli contains a great deal of truth. Thus
the Cincinnati Commercial responds to one
iof its correspondents as follows:
"The accomplished editor of the Cincin
nati Gazelle don't know, you know, what
the Cincinnati Commercial means by the
station in small caps. Ho don't see,
syou see, that the great war, and the con
quest of one-third of the States of the
thlltJffby the real, ana the vast increase of
the patronage of the Executive and the pow
'er of Congress, has changed the capacity or
the form of our government at all. He does
not discover that the Governor of a State,
or member of a State Legislature, is of less
consequence, and a member of Congress of
more importance than ten years since.
Well, some persons are slow to learn."
Tho Washington correspondent of tho
New York Tribune writes, December 10:
"Gen. Butler is examining the subject of
State indebtedness, its magnitude and pro
spective increase. He considers that the
practice of State Governments of carrying
ont improvements, and assuming addition
al debts therefor, is one which bids fair to
assume such importance as to demand tho
notice of the Federal Government. Es-
Eecially would this intervention bo required,
e thinks, in case the United States foreign
relations become seriously disturbed. Of
course there is authority now for the Fed
eral Government to interfere with the rights
of a State in tills particular, but it is doubt
ful if the people are ready to take this addi
tional step toward centralization. The
question has arisen, however, and it is re
ported that Butler intends to bring up tho
subject during this session of Congress."
That shows what strides Congress has
taken in the last ten years. It now claims
the right to supervise and regulate tho local
aflaira of the States.
THE PASSIVE POLICY.
A Counterblast froia Missouri.
fieTrs of lion. John S. Phelps.
Cottox closed
St. Louia, Dec. 13. Jno. S. Phelps, for
many years member of Congress from the
V southwestern part of Missouri, and for a
long time chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee, has written a letter on the
passive policy, which will be published
in the Times of this city to-morrow.
Mr. Phelps says, among other things:
I have opposed the passive policy from
the outset; it is an abandonment of princi
ple and will be destructive to the organiza
tion of the Democratic party. What can
bo gained by those who believe in a strict
construction of the Constitution, who
have opposed a centralization of power in
the Government of the United States, who
have resisted the attempted overthrow of
the rights of the State, who have opposed
the tnal of citizens by military commis
sions, who have resisted "the deprivation of
the citizen of the right of trial by jury
f by the adoption of this new heresy
and the support of 'men who have fought
j us relentlessly on all these questions? There
Isio "Liberal" party in .this State, what
ever. There was no value in the liberal
movement in Missouri, in 1870, but was
'"?derived from principles of the Democratic
party. The duty of tho Democracy is to
prepare for the coming contest. Gen. Grant
Is not tho leader of his party. He adopts
whatever policy the party leaders dictate,
and finding him ready to be gov
erned, they desire his renomination.
Let the Democratic party, then, reassert its
standard principles, declare their acquies
cence in the constitutional amendments,
resolve in favor of revenue tariff and tax
es, and upon such a platform, with gentle
men as standard bearers distinguished for
honesty, capaiity and attachment to prin
ciple, who will never connvive at schemes of
,fraud,and I believe we shall succeed beyond
a doubt in the coming Presidential election.
The true men of the country not wedded
to partizanship will unite with us to intro
duce economy in the public expenditures,
and put an end to tyranny and malversa
tion. A Blast from Gov. Geary.
PnrLADELi'iiiA, Dec. 13. The National
Executive Convention of the Union League
of America met to-day. An able discc urse
was delivered by Gov. Geary, in which he
particularly warned the Republican party
agatost the passive policy jiow proclaimed
by the Democrats, denouncing it as a snare.
The National officers were re-elected for
next' year. A serjes of resolutions were
a4o"ptod, heartily indorsing the administra
j (dan of Gen. Grant, and pledging; the Union
Xaiguo to sustain the Republican' nomlnea
2irtr h may U for Pieddapt In ISpS
WASffltfGTOK
Celfex AsatnXeUres from PnbUcIAfe
-New York, Dec-M A spemfto the
f Tlmes that v, president Colfax hasi
informed manypromlnent Republicans who4
have questioned him on the subject, that;
he cannot withdraw his refusal to be con-1
sidered a candidate for renomination.
S nr. Palmer vs. Martial Iaw.
reprwntive from Gov. Palmer, of
t Illinois, who is in Wasnincloa enacaoring-
to'secure the removal of Government troops
f from" Chicago, says the Governor is auxi-
una iUi Luis, uiu li io in iivu utmu ua will
fulminate another -proclamation.
Brlttab Claims.
-Wabhutqtos Decsiar-Tho U: S.-and
BntihC6mml3aer3 feetimed Iheir'aes
Elqa'tOrdayTIri'the.; case of Jrio. Holmes
Hanria.; Coffers !theyii decide that thej
United States cannot be held liable for In
juries caused "by the acts'6frebels.J
The House Committee on appropriation,
report bill appropriating $23,000 to covei
the deficiency of F. A. McCartney, disburs-i
Ing clerk of the Post OfficeDepartment.
HaffaanlEaoaa.
The Commissioner of Internal ''Revenue
states that no assessment will bo made
made against distillers Christinas 'day, pro
vided that all work is suspended on that day,
Radical Caacas..
The Republican Senators were again in
caucus this morning for four hours. The
result of their deliberations was that a
Committee on Retrcnchment.be appointed
the same as other committees, hut not
Jointly with the House, nor with .powers a
contemplated in tue senate cxrumDuu's)
resolution. The resolution offered by
Anthony in the Senate this morning is the
one "agreed on by a caucus of Republican
'Senators held just previous to the meeting
of the Senate.-
Scbenck.
A Washington special says that Gen.
Scbenck, our Minister to England, having
a.-complised his purpose in reierence to the
treaty of Washington, and regarding his
personal interest,
Here the telegraph breaks off abruptly.
Vance ami Abbott.
Special to the LoiflsviUe Ledger.
The case of Vance and Abbott, who claim
the seat in the Senate from North Carolina,
has not been taken up. The Democrats in
Congress strongly condemn Vance for re
fusing to resign and allow some one to be
elected who can lake the seat. It seems
that a letter expressing an opinion that
Vance should resign was signed, by all the
Democratic Senators and handed to a Dem
ocratic Representative in the House of
Representatives from that State, with the
intention that it should be laid before the
Democratic members of the Legislature of
North Carolina; but through Vance's influ
ence the paper was suppressed, and never
accomplished the purpose intended. There
is some danger tVat the Radicals may give
the seat to Abbott, though he received less
than one-third of the votes cast.
A Iligb Old Family lnarrel.
The Radicals in the Senate are so demor
alized by their open sessions, thus far, that
they have been compelled to resort to some
settlement of their difficulties. Immedi
ately after going into executive session
Tuesday, which was done mainly to head
off tho independent Republicans, the ad
ministration Senators got together and
adopted a proposition to go into caucus.
The object of this was to have an under
standing on Trumbull's ps-oposition for a
retrenchment committee before giving the
Democrats a chance to vote in favor there
of. The caucus was a most bitter affair.
Conkling says in this resolution there is an
attempt to show up tho New York custom
house, while other administration Senators
are afraid that it will develop their little trans
actions, so they all oppose it in a body. The
caucus lasted two hours, and abounded in
personalities. Chandler was abusive and
Stewart was Indignant, while Nye and
Cameron were unsparing in their denuncia
tions of the Domocrats. The motion for
adjournment was had before any conclusion
was reached.
Akerman to Leave the Cabinet.
Special to the Cincinnati Commercial.
Matters have reached tho point now
where there can no longer be a shadow of
doubt that Mr. Akerman will at once retire
from the Attorney Generalship, and be suc
ceeded by ex-Senator Williams, of Oregon.
This change was substantially decided upon
several days ago, but has been withheld for
certain reasons which make a longer delay
unnecessary, and the retirement of Mr.
Akerman will certainly not be postponed
beyond the present week. The retiring
Attorney General will be transferred to oth
er fields if he prefers to remain in an official
station; if not, it is thought that he will set
tle here as an attorney before the higher
courts. It was reported that Mr. Akerman
could have received any foreign appoint
ment that was vacant or likely to be so, but
bis friends concluded that such a position
would not be to his taste. It therefore
seems probable that he will be offered a le
gal position for life in one of the United
States Courts for one of tlw Southern
States.
Robeson.
The report, also, that Secretary Robeson
will soon retire from the Navy Department
finds many believers. It seems certain
that he will be married to the brilliant and
accomplished Mrs. Aulick before the holi
days, and many well informed persons de
clare that it is his intention to go abroad in
some ministerial capacity, as soon as that
event occurs.
JcajgHKJFI The Tobacco Tax.
I ,.ClnstianPeper, of St. Louis, Mis
souri, a member of the National Tobacco
Association, remains here and will have a
hearing before the Committee of Ways and
Means in a day or two. He goes before
this committee with the proposition to
place each separate plug of tobacco in a
wrapper and stamp it. This idea seems to
have official favor in the Internal Revenue
Bureau. It is contended that very much of
tho tobacco sold out of stamped boxes was
not in the boxes when stamped, and that
the consumer thereby pays the dealer a tax
which should be paid to the Government.
Official Advices or Havana Execn
J tions.
The Secretary of State has received ad
vices from Havana which place the action
of the Spanish Government, in executing
the students at Havana recently, in a more
offensive and inexcusable light. Gen.
Banks, Chairman of the Committee on For
eign Affairs in tho House, has been advised
respecting these particulars. His commit
tee, however, will not take any action in
reference to Cuban afiairs until after the
holidays. In the meantime, the President
will have In readiness for transmission to
tho committee a paper setting forth the
facts in connection with these matters
which have come into the possession of our
Government.
Knmber Disfranchised in the Conntry.
The Census office sent in a statement
showing tho number of male qltizens of
each State, of lawful age, who are deprived
of the franchise for other causes than crime
or participation in the rebellion, the num
ber being so small that it is strange so
much consequence was attached to it. The
following is tho list: Alabama, 690; Ar
kansas, 19S; California, 213; Connecticut,
1,249; Delaware, 284; Florida, 41; Georgia,
1,064; Illinois, 609; Indiana, 566; Iowa, 283;
Sansas, 1,293; Kentucky, 873; Louisiana,
185; Maine, 840; Maryland, 533; Massa
chusetts, 3,719; Michigan, 1,318; Minnesota,
117; Missouri, 9,265; Nebraska, 115; Nevada,
16; New Hampshire, 089; New Jersey, 535
New York, 469; North Carolina, 674; Ohio,
2,551; Oregon, 123; Pennsylvania, 2,345;
South Carolina, 516; Tennessee, 733; Texas,
2,766; Vermont, 107; Virginia, 981; West
Virginia, 9S2; Wisconsin, 301. Total, 40,
380. TERRE HAUTE.
A Frlshtral Railroad Accident.
Tehkb Haute, Dec. 13. This after
noon, soon after 1 o'clock, a heavy freight
train coming last on the Indianapolis and
St. Louis railroad, ran off an embankment
near St. Mary's station, instantly killing
Jno. O'Neal, the engineer, and Dan'l Grif
fin, the fireman, and making a complete
wreck of the engine, tender, fourteen cars
and their contents, including one hundred
and fifty hogs. Some track repairers had
taken up a number of the rails and had
just replaced them and had spiked all bnt
two. These spread when the engine struck
them and the whole train wont over the
embankment of thirty feet lugh at that
pojut with the abpva result.
CONSRESSIom.
Proposed Committee on Retrenchment.
An Able Speech from Carl Scliurz.
Hoar, Debates the International.
"SENATE.
Iobato an Retrenchment,
Washington, Dec 13. Mr. Anthony
oftjred a resolution providing for a Standing
Committee of Investigation and Retrench
ment, to consist of seven members, to be
elected by the Senate, and have power to
investigate and report upon Buch subjects'
as may be committed to it by'the Senate.
Mr. Trumbull moved to amend by a provi
sion directing the committee to "Inquire Into
the expenditures in all brandies of the gov
ernment service; whether any, and if so,
what offices ought to be abolished, and
what salaries ought to be reduced, etc; also
giving it power to sit- during the recess of
Congress. r
Mr. Sherman favored tho original resolu
tion. If any Senator knew of any abases
he could easily liave them referred to the
committee.
Mr. "Wilson favored both propositions;
Mr. Thurman favored the amendment,
and said that a committee which should
liave power to investigate only 6uch charges
as might bo referred to it by the Senate
would be useless as a means of reforming
the public service.
Mr. Trumbull said If Senators were earn
est in their desire to correct abuses, in the
public service, they ould not hesitate to
create a committee with sufficient powers.
Mr. Edmunds said, considering the num
ber of persons employed in the public ser
vice, and their duties, the administration of
the Government for the last three years
would compare favonbly, for efficiency and
purity, with any previous administration
with even that of George Washington him
self. There was, therefore, no need for a
committee with extraordinary powers.
Thurman said there were many persons
throughout the country who would not
take the round and whitewashing state
ment of Edmunds for the purity and effi
ciency of the public service, but would re
quire further evidence. The Senate might
either pass a resolution which would indi
cate a real desire to discover or expose
abuses, or might pass the pending resolu
tion of Mr. Anthony which would show
the people that the frauds and corruptions
in the Government service were to be white
washed and covered up. The country
would hold the party of the majority re
sponsible. Casserly contended that the committee
proposed by Anthony would be a mere nul
lity, having no power to originate investiga
tions. He had heard of a transaction con
nected with one of the highest departments,
and a fit subject for investigation, but
would not take it upon himself to move an
investigatibn unless there was a committee
like that proposed by Trumbull, with pow
er to originate the investigation.
Schnrz.
Mr. Schurz remarked that this was not
by any means a new proposition. It was
merely a proposition on the part of Mr.
Trumbull to revive the old committee on
retrenchment armed with the powers that
made the old committee so useful and effi
cient. The Senator from Vermont, Cr.
Edmunds) had told the Senate that the
civil service had improved greatly under the
existing administration and it undi abtedly
had. Yet in the whole history of the
country it would be difficult or impossible
to find four consecutive months dining
which so many defalcations and embezzle
ments have been brought to light as in the
last four months. Most of these cases had
been discovered without careful search or
investigations; they had been almost stum
bled on. Therefore it was fair to
infer that a careful investigation would ex
pose a great many more now hidden.
Now, gentlemen, I tell you, whatever may
be taid of tho improvements that have ta
ken place, the people of the United States
are startled at the frequency and enormity
of the disclosures which are made from day
to day. Do not give yourselves up to any
delusions on the subject. The American
peopb are on the point of demanding an
honest government, and they want to have
all the means used for that object that arc
compatible with the laws of the country.
They demand the exposure -and overthrow
of corruption, regardless of the interests of
auy party or any pereon. It seems to me
we are standing at the thresh
hold of a moral revolution that
bids fair to go beyond the overthrow of the
Tammany ring, and in that revolution the
science of how not to do it will be of very
little avail. Neither will cheap declama
tions against corruption in the abstract or
against the sinfulness of sin in general and
the beauty of virtue avail much. We
have had enough of all that. The people
will not much longer take that worthless
currency as a legal tender. If we wish to
serve the country and to command its con
fidence wo have to make clear to the country
that we bate no party no more than we
hate corruption, and that we love no party
more than we love good covernment.
Mr. Conkling The question before the
Senate is whether a committee about to be
created shall be created in the ordinary
way or shall be given powers of an extra
ordinary character. It is no credit to the
Republican Party or to any member of it to
profess to be willing to investigate its ad
ministration of affairs, and to purify what
ever is found to need purification, for I un
dertake to say that never in American his
tory was there a party that had less to deter
it from a rigid investigation and more to
tempt it to go forward. The strength of
the Republican party resides largely in the
fact that it is able and willing to purify
and purge itself. He referred to the Hodge
case as evidence that the Repulican party
means to hold public servants to a strict ac
countability. Slorton Chatechlscd.
Morton declared himself in favor of An
thony's resolution because it -was broader
than Trumbull's, and embraced all matters
relating to retrenchment. He also spoke
of the extraordinary purity of the present
administration, and of its promptness in
punishing dereliction of duty in its officers,
and cited the case of Hodge as an illustra
tion. Casserly asked whether the Senator from
Indiana (Morton) could mention any other
case of the prompt punishment of default
ers. Morton said he did not remember any at
the momsnt, but he would venture the as
sertion that wherever there had been de
falcation brought to the knowledge of tho
administration, the defaulter had been pun
ished. Mr. Casserly How about Pension Agent
Lawrence and Collector Bailty?
Mr. Morton They ran away before they
were found out.
Mr. Casserly Is it an evidenco of vigi
lance for the Government to let its rascals
get away? The Democrats of New York
did not let Tweed run away.
Mr. Morton called attention to the fact
that men who had committed depredations
generally were not of a class that could
not be weeded out by any system of civil
service reform, because ihey were intelli
gent, accomplished men, who could undergo
any examination successfully.
Without reachiug any conclusion, the
Senate adjourned.
IIOUSK.
Mr. Banks reported a bill appropriating
$62,000 for the expenses of the British
American claims Commission. Referred
to the Committee of tho Whole.
Mr. Hooper, of Utah, introduced bills
granting various land privileges. Referred.
The Irftbor Question.
Mr. Hoar, from the committee on Educa
tion and Labor, reported a bill for the ap
pointment by the President with the advice
and consent of the Senate, of a" commission
of three persons to hold office for two years
unless their duties shall have been sooner
accomplished, who are to investigate the
subject of wages and hours of labor, and
division of joint profits of labor and capital
between laborer and capitalist, and social
education and sanitary condition of the la
boring classes of the United States, and
show how same are affected by the existing
laws regulating commercial finances ana
carrencfC Tb -Oommlssiocerf tre io re-
as
ceive a salary of $5,000 each, and may em
ploy a clerk; and they shall report the re
sult of the investigation to thoPresident,to
be bythim transmitted to Congress.
Mr.'Hoar moved toinake'tne hill the
special order for Wednesday, 10th January,
and from day to day until disposed of.
air. liarneiii onjectea tpthe continuingof
iave
incly.
The Speaker said the proposition was
that the bill should be made a special order
to the exclusion of all other orders for Wed-
nesday, Jan. 10.
Mr. Wood I object to that.
Mr. Kerr So do I.
Mr. Hoar Very, well,-then, ,1. move to
put tho biUlipon its passage now.
The bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr. Kerr moved to lay it on the table.
Tho Speaker stated that the gentleman
from Massachhsettsi(Mr. tHoar) hidytha
floor.
Mr. Hoar then proceeded to explain and
advocate tho bill. He was quite sure that
thegmcasurq whenrunderstood-wonld re
ceive the almost unanimous approbation of
both Houses. It was well known that from
all parts of the country and the civilized
world there went up a cry of discontent
from the laboring classes. In this country
the laboring classes were the State Itself.
Congress ought not to be afraid of the light.
Let the sick be brought into sunlight and
they would get well.- He did "not place the
bill on the judgment or recommendation
of tho comm.ttee alone. The Blight ex
penditure proposed was due to the judge
mont.of the, laboring men'themselves. The
labor party of his own State last summer
had recommended the passage of this very
bill and had, although politically opposed to
the Republican, expressed its gratification
and respect for that party In consequence of
its giving attention to this matter.
Tho Grand International Association
of Workingincn,
an organization which pervaded Europe,
and which was making its voice heard and
its power felt everywhere, had also asked of
Congress this special measure. He was not
competent to express an opinion on the in
teresting story told of the Commune of
events which took place in Paris last sum
mer. The other side of the story had not
been heard, but one thing was known, that
there was a cause m existence and
an object in view which had led
those working people in Paris, young
men and young women in the
morning of life, not merely from the igno
rant or oppressed classes, but from classes
of culture, of family ties, in some cases of
wealth, to go down to their deaths calmly,
yea, cheerfully as ever bridegroom went to
his marriage feast, and be did not believe
that the cause which had inspired such he
roism was a cause which was not entitled
to the respect of Americans everywhere.
The International Association of European
and American Workingmen had a title to
respect for having established a relationship
and recognized the kindred among men of
all nations.
Mr. Dawes expressed surprise that Kerr
and Woods should have raised objections
to the bill, and that they had not had their
attention to the fact that no subject was
looming up in the near future that de
manded more careful legislation than the
reconciliation of labor and capital. He
hoped his friend from Indiana(Kerr) would
withdraw the motion to lay the bill on the
table, and either consent to having a single
day set, apart for its consideration, or else
permit its passage at tlds time.
Mr. Kelly of (Penu.) thought Congress
should authorize the appointment of the
proposed Commissioners. This Govern
ment could not afford to permit the labor
ing people of any portion of the country to
fall into the condition of the laboring peo
ple of England, France, Austria or Belgi
um. Congress should look to it that tbey
whose skill and toil open tho mines and
coal banks and convert the ores into metals
and into all forms of utility and beauty,
those who shear sheep and wash wool and
spin and weave it, those who convert the
apparently arid field into cotton and all its
useful and beautiful fabrics, shall not live
in ignorance nor die in want. Their toil
and the resources of capital were quite
enough to benish poverty from the land ex
cept us results of intemperance.
The Morning hour having expired tho
bill went over.
Mr. Halsey, from tho Committee on Pub
lic Buildings, reported a bill appropriating
two million dollars to build public build
ings in Chicago. Referred to the Commit
tee on Appropriations.
The House then commenced to discuss
tho apportionment bill, but after a long
discussion in Committee of the Whole, of
no public interest or importance, the com
mittee rose without taking action on it.
g!Mr. Randall, from the Committee on
Rules, reported a new rule that the Speaker
appoint one territorial delegate on the Com
mittee on Territories, and the delegate from
the District of Columbia on the Committee
for the District of Columbia. Such dele
gates, however, shall not have the right ot
voting in the committees. The rule was
agreed to.
The House adjourned.
newIlobk.
Criminal Proceedings against the
Ring.
New York, Dec. 13. At a meeting of
the Executive Committee of the State Coun
cil for Political Reform, a resolution was
adopted that all the New York officials im
plicated in frauds be prosecuted criminally
anu civilly, and that the Legislature amoud
the Constitution, prohibiting all sectarian
appropriations.
Tho Internationals.
Gov. Hoffman to-day informed tho com
mittee of the New York Internationals tliat
he could not determine what course he
would puraue in regard to the contemplated
parade until he heard from the police au
thorities. New York, Dec. 13. It Is reported
that the Police Commissioners will revoke
the order forbidding the International pa
rade. Another Radical ofDonbtfal Intejr.
rlty.
The collapse of two more banks to-day
has shaken confidence in the weekly bank
statements. The Clearing House Associa
tion have resolved that Bank Examiner
Collender has ceased to command the con
fidence of the banks, and ask that the Comp
troller of the Currency appoint some one
in his place.
More Frauds.
The Joint Committee of Ship Owners
Association on the subject of harbor abuses
report that the amount ot black mail levied
on shipping is not les3 than $100,000 an
nually by a single Harbor Master. The
total tax on commerce of thejport for mere
beatting and mooreing vessels, by the aid of
Harbor Masters is moderately estimated at
$1,000,000 a year. Not one tenth of this
amount is leg.d. The Supreme Court of
the United States has in two instances de
cided that all tonn?,ge tax on shipping by
authority is unconstitutional, notwithstand
ing which these fees are regularly collected
through the Customhouse, solely becauso of
the commission allowed for the collection.
THE CAK0LINAS.
New York, Dec 13. A Colombia, S.
C, dispatch states that the Government
witnesses against Legann, Foster and
Mitchell, charged with conspiracy against
the Government, have detailed the full se
crets of the Ku-Klux of South Carolina.
They gave accounts of seven different raids
with their concomitants of rapine, negrO
whipping and disgusting brutality.
Columbia. S. C, Dec 13 In the Ku
Klux Court to-day a witness confessed that
he was a member of a Klan which he said
was formed in 186S for sell-defence and
to prevent incendiarism. The town of
Yorkville was threatened to be destroyed
bynegroe3, and many gin houses had al
ready been.burned. The defense produced
witnesses who showed the urgent need of
oiganization for defensive purposes.
iJANewYnrker had his pocket picked
yesterday of S-6,000.
J. W. Garrettson has been re-elected
President of the Baltimore and Ohio road
for the fourteenth time.
A batch of 850 Federal soldiers left New
York yesterday by rail for New Orleans".
iue BiJtcitti. urutr, uui waa willing sw tD
oncday.assscaedtoiti 1 a fl I
1 -Mr. Hoar'Mxlincfrtiis olion Record
EOREMN.
The Priace of Wales Still Lingering.
c.w.'J1t-i? it

Rumors of a .Coming, Kegency.
iUSSIA.
The Csarewlcbas a Prize-Fighter.
Londo. Dec 13 A soecial from .St.,
(Petersburg states that yesterday the Czarc-
wicn Alexander, lit a quarrel, assaulted
Prince Dereuss, the German Minister.
Friends interfered, and the parties Wore
separated. The incident caused- some ex
citement, altuaugh there Is no reason to
apprehend any Interruption of the good re
lations between Russia and Germany, as
the1 'quarrel is believed to be wholly per
sonal. GREAT JMTAIN.
Humored Regeacy.
Ne7 Yosk, Dec 13. A Herald special
from London of 12 P. u. last
night, says: "The recovery of the Prince
appears; to be- impossible. In case of his
deaths Council of Regency will probably
be created, composed of the Duke of Cam
bridge, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Princess
of Wales, and perhaps others. This is like
ly to take place, immediately, and will be
followed by discussion upon the power of
the present Parliament to continue its ses
sion, or whether it is necessary to the coun
.try.as.an extraordinary occasion."
The Condition of the Prince.
London, Dec 13, 2 r. m. The official
bulletins to-day are as follows
Sandringham, 8 a. m. The Prince
passed a restless night. There is no im
provement in his condition.
JVoon. The condition of the Prince at
this hour is unchanged.
Losdon, Dec 13, 3 r. m. The Timea
extra contains the following:
King's Lynn,near Sandringham. In tho
case of the Prince there ha3 been no resto
ration to the first stages of convalescence,
as we had a right to expect.
A telegram to the Echo says his delirium
is constant but not violent he does not
rave, but mutters incoherently hour after
hour without cessation.
Losdon, Dec. 13. The latest bulletins
this afternoon say the Prince has been very
unquiet all' the afternoon. The gravity of
his symptoms Is unabated.
Dylngr for Popularity.
Loiroox, Dec 13. There is a feeling in
some circles that the official bulletins have
represented the wse of the Prince of Wales
to be worse than it really L, in order to
arouse sympathy for the Prince, and make
him popular.
Londok, Dec 13, 11 p. m. The bulle
tin issued from Sandrengham st 10 P. M.,
by tho physicians in attendance on the
Prince of Wales, says His Royal Highness
has passed a less unduiet evening. Unof
ficial dispatches from Sandrengham, how
ever,are unfavorable. Tho lung symptoms
are reported to be most distressing.
The latest.
Losdos, Dec. 14 6 a. M. An official
dispatch from Sandringham dated at 1
o'clock this morning says
The Prince of Wales is less restless.
There is no increase of exhaustion, and he
has had some sleep.
Arch-Bishop Manning has ordered pray
ers in the Catholic churches for the recov
ary of the Prince.
Ii'Internationale.
The British foreign office has sent instruc
tions to all its agents abroad to investigate
the organization of the International Soci
ety in the various countries to which they
are respectively accredited, and report
thereon to the government.
cuba'.
Frightful Condition or the Island.
Havana, Dec. 13. A document has
been issued by prominent Insyrgents who
have lately surrendered to the government,
and which is signed by 3,200 names, in
cluding several of prominence. It is dated
Puerto Principe, and says in future we will
adhere to the throne of Spain and are now
disposed to aid the government. We- have
seen our delusion vanish because the coun
try failed to support us and foreigners failed
to send us aid. The government of Spain
is now sufficiently strong to maintain the
intecrity of the territory.
Not a house is left standing in the whole
country between Las Tunas and Moron,and
the desolation that prevails Is terrible. All
hope3 of the Insurgents succeeding political
ly have been given up,and destruction of the
country has been rapidly going on. Fifteen
thousand insurgents have surrendered dur
ing tho past year in the central department
and state, Individually and collectively,that
they are ready to perform whatever duty
may bo required of them as good and hon
est Spaniards.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
The State Democracy In Council.
I Got. Weston Renominated.
Concord, N. H. Dec 13. The Demo
cratic State Convention met here to-day;
pending organization a platform of resolu
tions was prepared. The resolutions de
clare 1. That the party is pledged to the per
petuity of the Union, a strict obedience to
the Constitution, and the honest enforce
ment of the laws.
2. Protection of the rights of every citi
zen in accordance with the fundamental
law.
3. Opposition to every species of cor
ruption in all departments of Municipal,
State and National Governments.
4. No privileged classes and no privi
leged capital.
5. A tariff that will raise money for the
necessary expenses of the Federal Govern
ment, not for the benefit of monopolists.
The resolutions further denounce the
establishment of martial law at tho South
as unconstitutional and atrocious, advocate
reform in the civil service of the Govern
ment, and re-affirm the confidence of the
party in Gov. Weston, pledging him its sup
port for re-election.
James A. Weston was renominated for
Governor by acclamation, and Henry Colo
ny, of Keene, was nominated for Railroad
Commissioner.
MISS0UBI.
Liberal Cancnslnsr.
St. Louis, Dec. 13 The Republicans
of Jefferson City, a special says, held a lib
eral Republican caucus tc-niget attended by
18 members of the House. Tho meeting
of the State Liberal committee will bo held
Friday night. The resolutions proposed for
presentation to the caucus were therefore
deferred. Speeches were made by Lieu
tenant Governor Granelly and several oth
ers, all of whom avowed a determination to
adhere to the principles enunciated by the
Liberal party last fall, and denounced the
entralizing military policy of Gen. Grant.
Lieut. Gov. Gravelley said he heartily
endorsed the principles upon which Gov.
Brown was elected, and expected to act
with the liberal Republicans. He was op.
posed to uniting with the Democracy or
Republican party unless they endorsed his
principles.
Mr. Frost said he would co-operate with
that party which puts forward the candidato
he thinks .most likely to succeed. Other
speakers accorded with these views and
were In favor of the Missouri policy. The
caucus adjourned to meet again Friday
evening.
condense'd"telegrams.
The post office at Bellair, O., was burg
larized Tuesday night and the letters scat
tered. Loss unknown.
Tom Scott, the briareus of the FennsylJ
vani.i Central, was the sensation at Indian
apolis yesterday.
Jefferson, Texas, had a $100,000 fire yes
terday. They are praying for the Prince of Wales
in Bombay.
Spain is enjoying another ministerial
crisis.
Reports from the sugar district of Cuba
eoncemingjtho new crop are. favorable.
Saratoga reports fix inches" fend; etll
snowing;
CENTRAL
Corner of Olaxtx-pii oa3.ci Olioi-x-y,
Oproslto Union and American Jllock, will be opened
SatHrdaf llornlnff, Dec 16r Continuing from 4 a. M. to 10 P. 31.
All persons who have engaged Stalls will be required to pay before oc-capying-tho
Same.
JecI3 at COW3LEY CAPPS, Proprietors'.
S. B. SPURLOCK.
GEO.. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS Al COTTON FACTORS,
DEAIiERS IN FOREIGN ABTO DOMESTIC OQUQRS,
Nob. 82, 84 and .38 Broad Street,
Bagging and Ties Famished
Exclusive Agents for the jiala of II
m(p
Stationery, Book aid
AND BLANK BOOK
-33 XJyxloui JStzreet;,
SOIiXDAT SPECIALTIES s
Gift Books, Fine Pictures, Fancy Stationery In Elegant Cases,
Desks, Work. Boxes, Games, Gold Fern and Pencils,
Port-Monnaes, Photograph and Autograph Albums, etc.
PAUL TAVBL, 48 Union Street, Nashville.
deed tues,thnrsan Ira
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE,
SESATE.
TVedjiEsday, Dec. 13. Tho Senate met
at 10 a. m., Speaker Vaughn in the chair.
HOUSE KILLS ON THIRD READING.
To amend the act to make the rales of
evidence uniform in the State and Federal
Courts. Laid on the table.
To amend the assessment laws so as to
make them conform to the new Constitu
tion. Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Haywood and Dyer. Rejected.
To define the duties and fix the salary of
the Attorney General and Reporter for the
State and secure tho copy-right of the re
ported decisions of tho Supreme Court to
the State, and ta provide for tho printing,
distribution and sale of the same. Passed.
To ratify the payment during the war of
debts due the Bank of Tennessee. Passed.
To further enable railroad companies to
pay their indebtedness to the State and com
plete the construction of their roads.
Passed.
To create the office of County Jud?e for
the counties of Carroll and DeKalb. Passed.
To authorize the issuance of a summons
in attachment? cases. Passed.
For the relief of "ourse Academy, at
Sparta. Passed.
To amend the laws in relation to costs in
suits brought by poor persons. Passed.
To provide for a more equal tax on tele
graph companies. Mr. Ridley offered an
amendment, to repeal all taxation on tele
graph companies, excepting the tax provided
tor in the eighth clause of the revenue act,
passed during the present session. The
amendment was adopted and the bill passed
ayes 20.
To change the line between the counties
of Rutherford and V llliamson. Passed.
To cliange the line between the counties
of Scott and Campbell. Passed.
To amend the act to change the time of
holding the Circuit Courts for Dyer county.
Passed.
To provide new counties with the reports
of the Supreme Court. Tossed.
To amend the revenue laws respecting
varieties, theatres. Passed.
To amend the general incorporation laws.
Passed.
To change the time of holding the. Chanc
ery Court in Jefferson county. Passed.
To preserve the peace and prevent homi
cide. Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Williamson and Rutherford. Passed.
To prevent the hunting and killing of
game and discharging of firearms on tho en
closed laud of other persons. Laid on the
table.
To provide support for the Tennessee
Hospital for the Insane. Passed.
The Senate took a recess till 2:30 i. m.,
when it reassembled.
HOUSK BILLS OX BE CO .YD BEADISQ.
A number of House bills passed on first
and second readings.
COA-CXJKRED IJT.
Several House amendments to Senate
bills were concurred in.
THE TAX OX MERCHANTS.
House bill to amend the revenue laws so
as to reduce the tax on merchants, was ta
ken up on its third reading.
Jlr. Porter offered an amendment to re
peal the privilege tax on merchants alto
gether. Mr. Brandon offered In lieu an amend
ment to levy a tax of forty cents on the
hundred dollars on the invoice price at the
place where goods have been purchased,
unless taxes have been paid once before to
the State, in which case no tax shall bo
paid; and to strike out sections two, three
and four of the bill. He explained that the
object in this amendment was to levy a tax
on the invoice price of goods where pur
chased, except as in the case of a country
merchant who buys from a wholesale mer
chant goods already taxed. After some
discussion the amendment in lieu was
adopted, and the bill as amended passed on
third reading.
Mr. DuBose entered a motion to recon
sider. Adjourned till 10 A. m. to-morrow.
HOrSE OF BEPBESEXTATIVES-
Wedxesdat, Dec 13. The House was
called to order at 10 o'clock, Mr. Speaker
Richardson in the chair.
THE BAILItOAD ATTOKXEYS' FEES.
House resolution empowering the Rail
road Commissioners to fix a reasonable
compensation for the services of the attor
neys in the delinquent railroad cases was
taken up.
Mr. Speaker Richardson advocated the
adoption of. the resolution as a matter of
justice to the attorneys, claiming that the
good sense and discretion of the Commis
sioners could be relied on to fix a proper
and reasonable compensation.
Messrs. Clift, Allison, of Williamson,
Crews, Snipes, Gordon and others, were de
cidedly opposed to the resolution, contend
ing that it should rest solely with the Legis
lrture to fix the sum for the services ren
dered. Mr. Snipes offered a resolution in lieu,
directing the Comptroller to issue his war
rant for $2,000 each for the attorneys,which
was to be compensation in full for their
services.
After further discussion, on motion of
Mr. Spears, the resolution and resolution in
lieu were laid on the table. Ayes 63, noes
12.
Mr. Lewis introduced a resolution ap
pointing a committee of three to act In con
junction with the Railroad Commissioners
in. fixing the fee of the Attorneys, and re
port without delay.
The House refused to suspend the rules
to have the resolution taken up.
SEXATE BILLS OX8ECOXD BEADING.
To establish a Bureau of Agriculture.
Passed.
THE SOLICITOR OEXEBAL.
Senate bill (a3 amended by the House)
creating the office of Solicitor General to
biing suit against parties involved in tho
fraudulent issue and use of railroad bonds,
to wind up the affairs of the Bank of Ten
nessee, etc., came up on a motion to recon
sider the vote by which it waa rejected last
Saturday.
Mr. Freeman movd to lay tb? motion to
MARKET,
J. M. SPURLOCK.
and Liberal Advances made.
anal g'a Whliiy and Annls Sheeting.
Job Priatiug House,
MANUFACTORY,
euslxvLlle, Term,
reconsider on the table. Lost ayes, 23;
noes, 45.
Mr. Harris moved to reconsider the voto
adopting the amendment creating the office
of Solicitor General.
On this motion a long discussion nsued
which was cut short by an adjournment for
dinner.
On reassembling the pending motion to
reconsider the vote adopting the amendment
creating the office of Solicitor General was
lost.
Mr. Chambers moved to reconsider the
vote rejecting Sir. Harris' amendment pro
viding that the Solicitor General shall be
elected by the Legislature. After some dis
cussion the motion prevailed, and the
amendment was adopted.
Mr. Freeman moved to amend by pro
viding that the investigations of the Solici
tor General shall extend to the five millions
of bonds issued in 1661 to equip a provi
sional force, and also to school fund frauds.
Adopted.
Mr. Cheatham moved to amend that tho
$2,000 to be annually paid the Solicitor
General shall be in full for all services ren
dered. Adopted.
Mr. Crews moved to amend by making
the salary $1,000 yearly. Lost,
Mr. Chambers moved to amend by mak
ing it $2,000.
A motion to table this amendment was
lost.
Mr.. Waters moved to lay the bill and all
the amendments on tho table. Lost ayes
27, noes 37.
Mr. Chambers' amendment was then
adopted.
Mr. McCall offered as an amendment a
bill of his introduced some time back, di
recting the Comptroller to suspendthe pay
ment of any bonds issued since the war un
til the General Assembly shall direct their
payment. The amendment was lost, ayes
0, noes 42.
The vote was then taken on the passage
of the bill which was rejected, ayes 34,
noes 27.
ADJOURXMEXT EESOLUTIOX.
House joint resolution providing for ad
journment sine die on Friday, the 15th inst.,
was taken up.
Amendments were proposed and rejected
to adjourn on Monday and Saturday.
Messrs. Tillman and Clift opposed tho
resolution, contending that it should not be
adopted until it was certain that tho tax;
bill had been signed by the Governor. Af
ter a good deal of discussion, the resolution,
amended so as to 'adjourn at 6 o'clock p. m.,
wa3 adopted.
THE ATPBOPRIATIOX BILL.
The appropriation bill, as amended by the
Senate, was taken up.
Mr. Clift offered an amendment to In
clude in the bill certain sums due Messrs.
Hill and Dibbrell. Lost.
One or two minor amendments were ad
opted, and the amendment of the Senate,
as amended, was concurred in.
SEXATE RESOLUTIONS.
To pay Robert H. Rose, Circuit Judge,
the sum of $1,800.
On motion of Mr. Bean, tin resolution
was tabled.
Adjourned until 7:30 p. ai.
PEXATE BILLS OX SECOXD READING.
An act to more effectually prevent duel
ing. Passed.
To repeal section 9 of an act to repeal
the charter of 3Iemphis. Passed.
To repeal section 17 of act passed March,
1870. Rejected.
An act to extend the jurisdiction of the
Humboldt Law Court. Passed.
An act to require persons to appear at
tho time and plac! where courts are
changed. Passed.
To amead the act to make the rules of
evidence uniform. Passed.
To amend th"e exemption laws. Re
jected. To amend section 2,302 of the Code.
Passed.
To fix the vote of shareholders of Insur
ance companies. Passed.
To hasten the adjudication of questions
of public government. Passed.
To change the time of holding courts In
the Fifth Judicial Circuit. Passed.
To amend an act entitled an act to regu
late tho elective franchise. Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Putnam and Cumberland. Passed.
To diminish dangers of travel by holding
common carriers liable for accidents to em
ployes. Fassed.
To chaiige the name and location of the
Bank of Union City. Rejected.
To regulate the compensation of Revenuo
Collectors. Passed.
To repeal an act to exempt from execu
tion and attachment, the property of muni
cipal corporations. Passed.
To repeal 1st section of an act to change
the lino between Smith, Putnam and De
Kalb. Passed.
To provide each court of this State with
Cooper's Reports. Passed.
SEXATE BILL OX FIKST READING.
To create the new county of Chester.
Fassed.
HOUSE BILLS OX bEXATE A5IEXDMEXT.
For the sale of the Tennessee and Pacific
railroad.
Messrs. Martin, Chambers aud Snipes ad
vocated a concurrence, while Mr. Clift op
posed the passage of the bill as amended.
Passed, ayes 51, noes 14.
To provide for a more equal tax on tele
graph companies. Amendments concurred
in. Passed.
To secure greater accuracy in the survey
of lands. Concurred in.
SEXATE BILL OX THIRD READING.
To revise the rules of Chancery practice.
Failed for want of a constitutional majority.
Adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
0ALIF0RNL1.
-The Senatorial Contest.
Sax Fraxcisco, Dec 13. A vote in the
Republican legislative caucus, taken late
last night, stood foe Senator Sargent 54,
Cole 13, Felton 3, Phelps 1 and Hale 1.
Sargent's friends are rejoicing greatly, as
the nomination is equivalent to an election.
Brooklyn reporta 67 deaths from amaD
paxlast weolt
I AM NOW 11KCEIVISG THE IOSOBS
nd best selected tock of
in itt n iTiTXTrrrrm nrvriT
Mil mmm mm
Ever fcrought to this market. I am prepared t
furnish the pnblio with all (jnalitla and jpt&a
of Clothing
At Prices that Defy Competition.
Tho fouoTrinrls a partial list of articles frost
mr stock, nlch will glie aonw Idea of tha eaMat
of ray purchases:
OOATfl.
Cantor Beavers,
Bine and Black Opera,
Derhy and Chcnerfleld.
Dtajronala and Ollv Browa.
Prince Alberta,
Xerr Market.
Fleetwood. Also, a fall line of Black Clot Ccttas, ot
all ttjlee, qualities and prices.
SOO Pair Black Boeokin,
Canalmere Pantn of all Qn&jfsiea.
uraoes ana mm.
t
i Oar Stock of Silk, Cloth, C&aslmer Sjt
Velvet Vests U complete as to quactl, 5"'
ranu price.
Wo haTe-hsTS alsc on hand a foil Una of
Ocorooats,
TnlmftS,
In addition to the aliove wa haTe constantly c&
hand a fall Hue of Gentlemen's Fnrala
luK Goodft.
tve offer these geod to the trade at the Unrest
market rates. Our stock U new and complete la
every depa-tment.
Planters, ilerchantd and the Pnblio jrcaaialrf
are invited to call and examine oar stock bfir
purchasing elsewhere.
Tho many frlendi of JAMES "W. EVAK3.
formerly connected with this house, will find hist
at this old and well-known siand, and ha will D
pleawd to show them throngh the stock, and a
the same time be able to satisfy their tastaa ia
anv article pertaining to this line.
FRANK BLAKEMORE is also connected
with this house, and will bo pleased to hare hi
friends give him a call, guaranteeing topUsca
them in every respect.
MIKE POWERS'
Star CJlotMng Store,
Corner Market and Bqnare,
favtt eod3m eplstp NASHVILLE TSUSr
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHS API!!
jEJ
UNION AI AMERICAN
IS PREPARED TO TURN OUT
JOB PHINTIN
OF EVERT DESCRIPTION,
In tho aioat Satisfactory Styl, up
Brief 2f otlee, nt tile L9
et Bates.
OUR OFFICE, IN ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, JS ONE OF
THE MOT COMPLEIE IN THE SOUIU
SPECIAL ATTESTIOX
MOOTS TO
ORDERS FB0H THE C0U5T2T,
GIVE TJS X CAili
TENNESSEE HEWS.
Rumors of approaching marriages In
Memphis fashionable life are among tho
heralded Christmas festivities.
The City Council of Jackson has issued
$5,000 in city scrip in denominations of $1
$2 and $5
Fritz Staub, a sprightly little son of Mr.
Peter Staub, of Knoxville, was badly hurt
on the 11th inst. by a running horse.
The Postmaster-General has established
a Postoffice at Pickettsville, in Gibson
county. The place Is also known as Gib
son Station.
Mr. James Russell, pilot of the steamer
Belle St. Louis, dropped dead on tho 10th
inst., while at the wheel, a short distance
above Memphis.
Mr. Robt. Smythe, station agent at Pari
of the Louisville and Memphis Railroad,
was killed on the 8th inst. by an accident
near Guthrie.
The people of Petersburg are making an
effort to have a narrow gauge railroad built
from Columbia, via Lewi3burg and Peter
burg to Fayetteville.
Cold weather overtook Wootten oS
Waight's circus at Jackson, causing tho
death of their valuable ostritch, the largest
and finest of his species ever brought to thi
country.
There has been organized a company for
the purpose of conducting coal mining op
erations at the Coal Creek Mines in East
Tennessee, on the Knoxville and Kentucky
road, forty mile3 from Knoxville.
The Hon. P. T. Scruggs, who has been
for so many years a prominont lawyer in
"West Tennessee, has returned to the minis
try of the Methodist church and taken pas
toral charge of the Central Church at Mem
phis. In tho case of the United States ts. H.
W. Hickman, et al., on trial at Memphis,
the jury rendered a verdict for the defend
ants, who were charged with resisting sv
United States Marshal in the discharge of
his duty.
A rencontre oocurreil Saturday evening
the 0th imt., near Wartraoj, between Dr.
D. A. Vaughn and Mr. Charle-j Lowe, In
which the Fatter threw rocks at tho former,
one of which knocked him down. In tho
scuffle which ensued Dr. Vaughn stabbed
Lowe several times with a knife, but inflict
ed no very serious injury.
Two of the demented creatures who warn
confined in the Memphis jail are dead. Mrs.
Walsh, who had been removed to the coun
ty hospital, died Friday night, Dec,
y, and Mrs. Caroline Adams died in tho
county jail about the same time. Thm
has kindly death come to tho relief of thoM
people who could not be relieved by man.
CHICAGO.
Sot Purified by Flro OfSees at an,
tion.
Chicago, Dec 13. It is asserted by
several city journals that several if not
of the persons appointed to office by Com
mon Council on Monday night, were p
proached by certain aldermen nd required
to put up a money consideration to secure
their success, and that only those who did
so got places. Several unsuccessful candi
dates make public statement, and declare
their willingness to make affidavits of the
fact that mouey was demanded of them by
aldermen, and on declaring their refusal of
inability to put up the sum required, were
emphatically told that they could not har
the places. An investigation Into thes
serious cliarges is demanded by the paper.
St. Petersburg papers received in New
Tork express great satisfaction at the in
ception given the Grand DnJM. raa
papers ridicule the reception".