UXIOX AND AMERICAN
Gold was denressed In NewJkvcsir.' B "u "'"''V::.'
tehby'opeiUngrilTf and selling downtol
Trwffccvtf Ttfwns have advanced I"
New York, closing totJeTenlngtJJlftr?l?J
old issue and CGJ for Hie new.
T
1
muuiiu:
Grant still clings to
tUe odionffSfncomefl
tax. "Whctcver else is removed, that must
not be touched. It wilWistnrbx)nG"projn5n
which he leans for re-nomination. j
tfrii very"
VVSW-W W
purpose, let it.fiive. usl,.anpicUire1flf.;Granti
holding out the fnanksgiving Turkey to
apfirdpriately ranrestc'dtiial 'if fcubied on the .results so.far of theXivjl Ser;
'il ;5jri-a: JJf UirWmfcsIon. wliich were eXpmineqpy
-nu.iyiiuM;iu5 wiuiHie naiiur wiuieini tnorities liave not yet arnveu tu. "j "S'ct
nitxr ,Vf?i, Miit.. Jiji.'Titi. irio 'moiit rflcictni.T iiin Hornet, now atPort-au
basnet in the other.
iHEloweriMusoQf the TexasLegislagtgnst the design to seize
ture, overwhelmingly Radical, has con
demned Gov. Davis' declaration of martial
law in Iamestone'and Freestone "counties,
by a;TO& 6f'4'4to33. The resoluiloiYde-'
clares that the measure, was "unnecessary
to the end of public' justice, and uncalled
for, as the. corrrts. "of the .counties were in un
obstructed exercise of their proper jurisdic
tion, and illegal, as the Legislature was then
in eeslbrf.'-"''r 5

00 v. mtowjrs rosrnox.
roui pe IemphU Prow.
Gov.BrowrTs'positrorfon' the tax question
has been taken honestly.and in the very
best interests of the State. The intimation
tliat heias.beputlnfluencetl by -other tlian
the pureit motives is too contemptible to
call forth defense at his liauds, or through
the press of the State. We happen to know
that Gov. Ilrosnt would favor the reduction
of Uses to-one-cent on the hundred dollars,
if byMbihg So the credit of the Common
wealth could be sustained. The Comp
troller, in his recent report, lias shown that
evcii.atj.he.present rate, onerous and press
ing as it is, the State does not get in -sufficient;
means to meet the imperative demands
on her outstanding oblisations. Under
these circumstances, after carefully looking
into the surroundings with as keen an in-
terest as it is possible for any one to do, the I
Governor lias- advised the .Legislature what
course he honestly deems best for it to pur-
sue in the crisis now upon us. And the
members of that body should give serious
consideration to the words of the State's
Chief Magistrate, .whatever action it deter
mines to take in' this vitally important mat
ter. Gov. Brown is a man of too much
brain to have his well-considered advice t
drowned by the clamor of heartless specu
lators which is being made around the cap- j
ital, and who are more than anxious to I
pounce uiKHi the depreciated bonds of the j
State and fill their vaults on its dishonored I
credit. Let our legislators move cautiously.
TAXES.
From the Sweetwater Enterprise.
The most important question now before
our Legislature seems to be that of redu
cing the taxes. We are not in favor of re
ducing the tax.so low that our State will be
more1 involved '.n debt at the end of next
year than it no a-is. We are of opinion
that Gov. Brown's policy in regard to the
matter is' just and right, and that he should
be sustained by the Legislature and also
the press. He was the choice of a large
majority of the voters of Tennessee, and we
feel assured that they will not fail to sus-tain-hlm
in bis well considered views of
this matter.
"We think that the attacks made by some
of the Memphis and other papers against
Gov. Brown and his policj are very unbe
coming, unjust, uncalled for, and do not
show that they have the interest of the peo
ple of our noble Commonwealth at heart.
We expected nothint; more from the Radi
cal press than that they would attack our
Governor and heap ujion liim all the cal
umny and abuse possible as soon as his
message to the General Assembly was made
public. Yt, all that they have "or may say
against him ill liave but little effect upon
the minds of the people. But the idea of
the press which heartily supiiorted him in
I113 election, censuring him and his policy is
far beyond wli.it we least expected. That
Gov. Bro. :i will do his duty as the Chief
Executive of our State, we have not the
least doubt, and with all the ability that wc
possess, though limited as it is, shall defend
him in his poliev aipiiiist the attacks of the
Radical pn-ss of the State.
THE FARMING INTERESTS.
Light Taxes wliere Light Tuxes will
Do Good A Protest from n Fnnncr.
To the Editor of tho Union and American:
In your issue of Thursday appears the
memorial of the mercliants to the Legisla
ture, skillfully worded and ad captandum
6tylo seeking'to relieve theinselves,and for
this I am very far from censuring them, but
when they seek by &oi-mTi!Y axd tsi'E
ciai. J'LI.adixo io place the burden of
taxation upon the lanuer, (already too
heavily laden for the prosperity and welfare
of the merchants, and for this they are now
complaining because the poor farmer is so
pressed that lie cauuot buy their oods,) the
farmers respecuuiiy oui. earnestly protest.
The farmer is taxed upon his land and all
his stock of ten times more than he can re
alize therefrom. The mercliant is taxed
upon his stock of good? an 1 pays for the
privilege of selling, which he construes into
a privilege of adding whatever per centum
upon original cost, he chooses, to cover
all taxes; and all this, as I have
often been informed by merchants, comes
out of the farmers" pockets. If we could
have any assurance that the merchants
would reduce their per centum if the Legis
lature -would let uri uixm thorn, we should
favor it, but not to the extent of liaving
anymore placed upon farmcrg who are now j
andeer liave been hewers "f wood anil 1
drawers of water for the rest of mankind, j
One iota more of tax upon the farmers, and
my word for it, you destroy in a great meas- j
uro the farming interests, and rip open the
goose that lays the golden egg a suicidal
policy indeed for the mercliants to advocate
if they lie aware on which side their bread
is buttered.
I hoiie our worthy legislators will take
into consideration tin ease and facility with
wluch all occupations and professions come
together upon call to foster their respective
interests, while the farming community
relying upon the good sense and justice of
our law-makers stand aloof. But if meas
ures like the one sought to be carried by
tiiat Memorial are to be effected by concert
of actiou and banding together, it is liigh
time that the farmers should hold some
meetings themselves and appear indignant.
It is a fact that cannot be gainsayed that
agriculturists ate bearing the larger sliare of
State and national supported with rare ex
ceptions,as the farmers know,and our Leg
islators "uzht to know, that they are not
making one per cent, upon their capital,
a profit tliat would by no means satisfy any
merchant. Then with what propriety an
the mercliants call upon tho General As
sembly to reduce t heir taxes and place it
upon fanners? We think tliat we are the
worst oppressed l.i53 in the world in the
shape of taxation, and while the mechan
ic' rings.nulroad rings.mcTchaiits' rings,and
all other rincssjemtobe especially sensitive
when legislation runs counter to their way
of tbinkiii!;. the voice of the farmer is not
lieard, but he bears lus burden like the
steady old psck-liorso without a murmur, j
"Why should this be thus'.'' That it is so,
doubtless an agreeable fact to the mem-
hers of the Genera! Assembly, since too
inttcli memonaiiMtu: ami ieiiuoniiig ouen
confuses wliat would otherwise be wise and
lUSX It'gisiaiiKii. jw-uiim-isw niuicosi.!.
are laboring lor Jess prom man any oiner
vocation or occupation. Agriculture is un
der a dark cloud, ami they cannot therefore
bear additional burden. No; let legisla
tion lighten upon tl..- f.inur, and make
money pay its share of taxation, and let ag
riculture llonrish and prosier, and the mer
cantile and all other vocations will feel its
beneficial eitects. and the Legislature will
not be tronbM, in this event, with any
more memorial f.-om the merchants.
It is not in liarmosiy with my reading or
enervation that trades cau nourish while
agriculture laiignWias. More in detail
anon.
INTIIK COUNTKY, NOV. 10, lSl 1.
'Minnesota returns thus far give a Radical
majority f 'S&i-
NASHVILL
'1 usg-r T"
WAaTTTNraTOT.
1 M XJL.I, 1 1 ,VJI y JT
Grant Spares Georgia from Martial
T.iw

i i -i 1
WAHisam:-,Nov. 10. All the mem
bers of the Cabinet were present at the
meeting to-day,
Tpember-of th9.bpard.
u i i Hor;,ct Xcst.
Thjs government and the Spanish au-
b J;,.
i correspondence is in progress between the
Secretary of State niid Minister Roberts, the
that vessel, which ipj unuer tue .auieriiau
flag.
GcorgiaTrcmbUHS Beneath tbo S word
It appear from Georgia papers that much
1 1 .1 .nnMlianeinn tint
I aiarm prevails miner au iiini;ii;u3"
I tlift President will, declare martial law in
1 that State. Such is not his design, there
I beuig"iiotlung in the present "condition of
any part of Georgia to warrant such a
measure.'
j Nclliug Smnlljiox.
Prominent gentlemen attribute the spread
of smallpox in Philadelphia and other cities
to the sale of bullklo robes taken from the
ijlackfeet"and Picgan camps where the di
sease prevailed two years ago. At that
.time Jhey-,were forbidden to be sold to
traders, but several montlis ago they disap
peared from those neighborhoods and found
their way elsewhere.
Social to the Cincinnati Commercial.
Carious Criminal Statistics.
ITon. John Eaton, jr.,, Commissioner of
Education, has prepared' a series of statis
tics to be embodied In liis annual report,
setting forth the relation of education to
crime in the New England States. From
this it appears, first, that eighty per cent, of
the criminals m those btaies nave no cuu
J cation, or not sufficient to sene them a
j valuable purpose in life; second, eighty to
ninety per cent, of the criminals have never
learned any trade, nor arc they master of
I any skillejl labor; third, not far from seven
1 ty-fivc per cent, of the crimes committed
are by persons of foreign extract, born
themselves abroad, or their parents; fourth,
eighty to ninety ier cent, of the criminals
are intemperate; fifth, ninety-five per cent,
of the juvenile ofienders are from idle, ig
I norant, vicious, and drunken homes.
Western Pension Agencies.
1 Commissioner Baker, of the Pension Bu
I reau, recently dispatched social agents from
his oflice to the West for the purpose of
making an examination into the several
agencies in that section of the country. Xo
serious irregularities were iouiiu u c.msi. m
I their management, but some few of the
agents had departed from the regulations
I prescribed by law in advancing money to
jiensioncrs. The agent at Lomsville, Ken
i tucky, liad also been making over payments,
throuch the neelect of his predecessor to
keep a record of all payments made by him.
The amounts thus overpaid were not large;
neither will the Government be the loser by
the operation.
NEW YORK.
The Latest Kctnras.
New Yokk, Nov. 10. The latest re
turns from the State give the Republican
ticket seventeen thousand majority. There
was an unprecedented amount of inde
pendent voting, and the majorities for Rep
ublican Senators and Assembly men are
generally considerably larger tlian for the
State ticket. The Assembly stands ninety
six Republicans to thirty-two Democrats.
Geo. 11. SIcCIcllan to Succeed Tweed.
Tweed lias not yet givea notice of his
1 appearance to the prosecuting attorney.
I Unless he does so within twenty days from
the date of arrest the case will go againt
him by default.
I The Bun says well informed gentlemen
stated yesterday -Tweed would resign from
the Department of Public Works, and the
I Mayor will appoint Gen. McClellan.
Loyal Leaguers.
I The Union League Club last night adopt
I ed resolutions declaring the result of the
1 election an occasion for universal congratu
1 lation amon honest men. Nothing from
party politics can relieve tliem from corrup
tion and abuse. The labors of the recent
canvass are only the beginning of the great
work of reform in which the people of this
city have entered. They will demand of
the Legislature the repeal of the present
charter and the passage of a law securing
the purity of elections. They will insist on
the extreme penalties of the law against the
miscreants who have outraged their rights,
demanding for their thefts restitution first
and punishment afterwards, without com
promise or delay.
Other resolutions demand the purification
of the Judiciary and investigation under
comnetent legislative authority, into the
condition and practices of the various pub-
lie offices and departments of the city, that
they may no longer be perverted to corrupt
utes.
Muddled Returns-Stolen Ballots.
The Republicans of Brooklyn to-day
claim tliat by a fair count of the votes cast
Tuesday their candidate for Mayor, Samuel
KOOtll, was Ciecieu uy a laru iuajuriij,iinu
also their candidate fur City Auditor, Nel
son Shaunnan. The Democracy admit the
ejection of the latter, and also the election
of Chas. B. Morton, Republican canumate
for the Assembly in the 7th district. Re
turns have not all been received yet, and
those that liave arc in an almost hopeless
state or confusion. The returns from the
1th district 21st ward, were stolen to-day
from the office of the City Clerk by nn
kimun parties.
A sreat indignation meeting to denounce
the Brooklyn Democratic ring was held to
night at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
The building was crowded from parquette
to upiier gallery-. Mayor Kabblleisch pre
sided. United States Attorney Traccy said a
gang of twenty repeaters went around
vjienly on election day and voted in almost
every "district and every ward in the city,
with connivance of the police. At least
10,000 fraudulent votes were cast, and in
excess of the full vote of the county.
PHILADELPHIA.
IVaut to Get their Honey Hack.
Philadelphia, Nov. 10. This morn
ing the petition of Mayor Fox was pre
sented in the Court of Common Pleas ask
ing for order of sequestration of the es
tate of Joseph F. Marcer, the defaulting
city Treasurer. A rule was granted requir
ing Marcer to show cause why it should not
issue.
NORTH CAROLINA.
LScnpc or a Acsro Ku-Klux.
Raleigh. N. C, Nov. 9 Gov. Caldwell
has received a letter from the Sheriff of
Nash county, informing him that the noto
rious negro "desperado and condemned mur
derer, named Luke Johnson, who was to
have been executed on the 24th inst., has
escaped fropi the jail of that county.
GEORGIA.
Hill for Special Election for Governor.
Atlanta. Ga.. Nov. 10. Tho House
j to-day passed a bill providing for holding a
i special eiuciion ior uovemui uu iu -i."'
Tuesday in December. The section pro
viding for special returns of election, other
tlian according to the present law, was
stricken out. The Democrats contended
tliat the integrity of the Republicrn acting
as executive officer, Conley, should be
trusted.
Ijiii Abiding.
AunusTA, Nov. 10. The Bar Associa
tion ot liicnmonu county neid a meeting
to-day and unanimously passed resolutions
requesting Congress to establish a United
States District Court with power in this
city for the Fifth Congressional District,
and for eight or ten counties in adjoining
I'ong.essionai uismcis,
Massachusetts returns irom ail but six
towns giveAVasliburnc a majority of 13,905.
which, continued, nearly. 1
T-pr nortion-or time was oc-
T." r -nrr
WmiABm. 99,ym;'" inSHJltife, TBHN, SAJrpSplirQPEEA 1SU. JTEW SERIES--FO. 99i
ARIZONA.
in
mi
i t r- t ill 3
Grant's
Indian FolIcyJ Indicted 'by a
Grand JnrjI c
'Shameless Developments.
Sah Fb an Cisco, Nov. 10. The United
States Grand Jury at Tucson, Arizo
na,make formal charges agaifisi tho monag
ers of the Indian reservation in the Territo
ry, showing tliat the Apaches are allowed
to leave and go on the war path at will,
specifying numerous murders committed by
Indians direct from Camp Grant, and
cliarging that the Indians are supplied by
"agents with arms and amunition, and then
women prostituted by the officers in
charge1.
LOUISVILLE.
The National Boatmen's Convention.
Tho Burdens of the Steamboat Law.
Louisville, Oct. 10 The National
Boatmen's Convention has heretofore been
mainly occupied in organizing committees
an4 preparing business. Two important
committees reported to-day. The Finance
Committee reported in favor 01 the appoint
ment of a committee composed of one or
two delegates from each State to draft
amendments to the steamboat law or draft
a law and urge its passage by Congress.
All the Estates are inviteu to he represented
on this committee, and any vacancy occur
rinir on this committee will be filled by the
State where the vacancy occurs. The com
mittee has the power to call a convention
whenever it deems necessary. The fund
for expenses is to be raised by assessment
by States of 5 cents per ton for steam ves
sels and 11 1 cents per ton on barges. The
report was adopted and the committee ap
pointed.
The committee on grievances reported
the following objections to the steamboat
law:
1. The law is too indefinite in its provi
sions.
2. It provides for manv articles to be fur
nished on steam vessels, and makes exac
tions upon owners in no way necessary for
the protection ol life and property, thereby
throwing upon owners the entire risk and
expense of practically leasing patented in
ventions against theirown judgment 01 ootn
their utility and safety, and further tlirow-
iic this farce interest into the power ot
patentees and monopolists of patent inven
tions. 3. It leaves the local inspectors discre
tionary jiower only against steamboat own
ers and their interests.
4. The law confers upon the Board of
Supervising Inspectors legislative powers to
compel the purchase anil use ol patents at
their pleasure when, if such Board be ne
cessary, they should only be executive offi
cers to see the specific requirements order
ed by Congress complied with. The right
to designate all requirements legally resides
alone m Congress.
The committee recommended that the
whole subject be referred to a committee to
take cliarge of this matter and prepare a
suitable bill and obtain its passage by Con
gress, and the said committee to ue iur-
mshed with proper credentials uy the omcers
of the convention showing that they act as
the official representatives of the conven
tion. The report was adopted.
Much earnest feeling was exhibited in the
convention on the subject of the obnoxious
steamboat laws. The delegates of New
York, Boston, etc, take an active part in
the proceedings.
CHICAGO.
Sclf-Assurnnce.
Chicago, Nov. JO. Under the influence
of the high rates of insurance put upon the
grain yvarehousesof the city, the proprietors
liave determined to purchase each a steam
fire engine for its own use, and the whole
number to be called out should there be a
necessity for it. Each warehouse is also to
have a steam pump connected with pipes
radiating tlirough the building, to be used
on a Hkc occasion. In tlus way the ware
houses will be enabled to take care of them
selves more effectually than in any other
way. Under these circumstances the pro
prietors will not deem it necessary to insure
their warehouses or their contents.
Inuoccnt Insolvents.
In the cases of the Continental and Gar
den City Insurance Companies of Chicago,
on which application had been made to the
Circuit Court for the appointment of re
ceivers, Judge Williams yesterday decided
not to appoint such receivers, for the reason
that there are no allegations against the
Compauies showing bad faith on the part
of the officers of the Companies. The
Companies are, according to the allegations,
both largely insolvent, but where the insol
vency of a compauy, as decided in the case
of Baker vs. Backus, is not sufficient to
authorize the court to annoint a receiver.
there must be some bad faith on the part of
the officers or some act which may liave
been done bv them wliich amounts virtual
ly to forfeiture of chater.
Sheridan's Dictatorship.
Inasmuch as the issue between Gov.
Palmer and Mayor Mason and Lt. Gen.
Sheridan, in relation to what's termed the
military occupation of the city, is exciting
much discussion throughout the country,
the following proclamation under which Lt.
Ken. Sheridan acted is reproduced
Il'ItOCLAMATlO.V.l
The preservation of the good order and
peace of the city is hereby intrusted to Lt.
Gen. P. II. Sheridan, of the United States
army. The ponce win aci in conjunction
with the Lieutenant General tn the preser
vation of the peace and quiet of the city,
and the Superintendent of Police will con
sult with him to that end, the intent thereof
being to preserve the lwace of the city with
out interfering with the functions of the
citv government.
Given under ray hand, this the 11th day
of October, 1S71. R. B. Masox,
Mayor.
That Kicking Cow.
The Police and Fire Commissioners have
determined to investigate the cause of the
fire and ascertain the truth, if wssiblc. Mrs.
O'Leary and her famous cow will le looked
after.
INSURANCE LOSSES
By Chicago.
New Yokk, Nov. 10. The publishers of
the Spectator, an insurance journal, have
issued a table showing the aggregate losses-
of companies by btatcs, the number sus
pended and assessed, and the number unaf
fected by the Chicago fire. The total num
ber of companies in tho United States are
335; their aggregate capital $74,83y,21C; to
tal gross assets, 139,-10,420; total losses,
$S2,S21,122. The companies suspended are
07; number assessed 28; number not in the
fire 872.
The losses of the companies by States are
New York, $21,(537,500; Ohio, $4,S18,G.-);
Massachusetts, $4,4S1,300; Pennsylvania,
$2,082,000; Illinois, $33,878,000; Connecti
cut, $y,S2o,000; Rhode Island, S2,072,500;
California, S,'J50,OOU; .Missouri, Wj(.j,wo;
Maryland, $397,105; Wisconsin, $290,000:
Michigan. $175,000: Minnesota, $100,000:
Maine", $30,000; Kentucky, $0,800. Loss of
foreign companies, $.,bl3,0UU.
milTvaukee.
The Operatic Hcbcls.
Milwaukee, Nov. 10 Manager Pull
man has failed to reconciliate the seceders
from Vienna lady orchestra, and publishes
a card forbidding any party employing them
under penalty ol law.
wyomng!
Tried and True.
GirF.YENNE. Wyoming, Nov. 10. Gov.
Campbell read his message to the Legisla
ture yesterday, ne recommends the ap
pointment of a Commissioner of Emigration,
and also that the female suffrage act be not
repealed, and says women have made good
jurors and honest and competent office
holder.
Concord, X,
snow.
II., reports two inches of
17. TWTOM AJVll A M k R UN
ST. LOUIS.
Serious Accident on tho North Missouri.
Seventeen Persons Killed Outright.
St. Louis, Hbv. 10. As the passenger
train on the North Missouri Railroad, which
left here this morning, having two cars con
taining ninety-five recruits from New Al
bany attached, was approaching Wellsville,
ninety miles north of here, about noon, and
running a down grade at high speed, a rail
broke and the two rear cars, containing the
recruits, flew the track and rolled down an
embankment, turning over two or three
times. At latest accounts sixteen-
soldiers had been killed outright or
died of their Wounds. Edward Calvin,
brakctnan, son of Judge Calvin, of this
city, was also killed. Accounts from Wells
ville are meagre and unsatisfactory, but
nothing additional can be obtained to-night.
No names .of the killed other than young
Calvin liave yet been received. The re
cruits were en loute for Salt Lake.
The Capital Mover.
St. Louis, Nov. 10. L. W. Reaves, who
has acquired considerable reputation as an
active and energetic advocate of the remov
al of the National Capital to the Mississippi
Valley, delivered an unusually able and
eloquent lecture at the Mercantile Library
hall to-night. Mr. Reaves will leave for
Boston in a few days where he will deliver
the lecture and probably repeat it at New
York and Philadelphia, alter which lie will
visit all State Capitals and deliver it to such
Legislatures as hold sessions this winter.
Three Hen Buried Alive.
Pat. Sawyer and Pat. Flinn were killed
this evening, by an emhankmant falling up
on them, on Grand avenue near Broadway.
About the same time Jas. Lee, a colored
man, was smothered by the falling of an
embankment at Big Mound, on Broadway.
CIXCIMMTI.
The Tobacco Tax.
Cincinnati, Nov. 10. At a meeting of
the tobacco manufacturers and dealers,held
here to-day to confer with Israel Kimball,
of the Revenue Department at Washington,
to get the views of those immediately inter
ested in the tax on tobacco, there was a
full interchange of opinion, the manufactu
rers generally agreeing that the bonded
warehouse was not needed; and that the
peddling system, being open to fraud, it
should be much better guarded or abolish
ed, and that dealing in leaf tobacco should
lie better regulated. There was some dif
ference of opinion relative to the amount to
be imposed, though they generally favored
a reduction. A committee was appointed to
draft resolutions expressive of the sense of
the meeting, and the same to be forwarded
to Washington.
CHARLESTON.
The Epidemic Disappearing-.
Charleston, S. C, Nov. 10. The
Howard Association, at its meeting to-day,
passed a resolution giving notice that yel
low fever has nearly ceased. The action
and operations of the Association will ter
minate on the loth inst.
MEMPHIS.
Xcgro Ku-Klux.
MEJirins, Nov. 10. The Press Special
says: uaviu nose, colored, wno was 10 nave
been hung m Grenada, Jliss., to-uay tor
murdering his wife has been respited till
the SO th, by Gov. Alcorn.
A negro named Bill Miller made a violent
assault on a A. Borcliard on Horn Lake
road this morning, with a club, Borcliard
shot him inflicting a fatal wound, then came
to the city and surrendered liimself to the
city authorities.
THE TURF.
Fleetwood I'ark.
New Tonic. Nov. 10. At the Fleetwood
Park, yesterday, Honest Allen and Running
Mate won the race lor unhnished teams,
beating Kingston and Mate. Time 2:19,
2:21.
A trot for $-300 was won by Major Allen
boating Myron Perry tliree out of four heats.
Best time 2:29t
Philadelphia, Nov. 10. The race be
tween Goldsmith Maid and J,ucv tor a
purse of 1,000, fixed for to-day, is post
poned on account of the ram.
FOREIGN.
IRELAND.
Kelly Acquitted.
Dublin. Nov. 10. Kelly, accused of
the murder of High Constable Talbot, has
been acquitted after a long and exciting
trial. There was great demonstration in
Dublin, but no disturbance oc-'iirred.
THE WEST INDIES.
Transported.
New York, Nov. 10. Havana letter of
the 4th reports the arrest of forty promi
nent citizens hitherto supposed to be loyal,
alleged to be m svmpathy with the insur
gents, and their transiortatioii to the Isle of
Pines.
tioodXcws for Coflce llrlukcrs.
Kingston, Jamaica, Nov. 0, via Ha
vana, Nov. 10. The steamship Ocean
Queen for New York, takes an enormous
quantity of coffee.
SOUTH AMERICA.
Another Hornet Election Blot in
I.I mil G Killed and 70 Wounded,
Kingston, Jam., Nov. 0. Advices from
Aspiuall are to 2d inst: The Spanish war
steamer Tornado is still watching the
American steamer Virginia at that port,and
an attempt to capture her was apprehended,
despite the protectorate assumcdoverher by
the Grenada Government and United
States Consul.
Peruvian advices state that a not occur
red in Lima during the election, in which 0
persons were killed and 70 wounded.
Political trouoies continue m uuatamaia.
The Arch bishop and Bishops- liave been
exiled for complicity in the late revolutions.
LATEST MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
Mobile, Nov. 10. Cotton dull; middlings
lTc: net receipts 1,360: cross 1,171; exports to
Great Britain 4,261; coastwise 2,022; sales 1,700;
Mock 25.79S bales. Net receipts for the week 10,-
093; gross 11,051; exiwrls to great Britain 4,261;
coastwise y,uu. ames ior me ween ,wv.
Savnnnnb, Nor 10. Cotton good demand
Inside; holders firm outside; middling 17J$
llfic; net receipts 3,950 bales; exports coast
wise 4S unics; saics .,tn oaies; siock ,iuu
bales. Net receipts lor the week 2&3T5 bales; ex
ports to France a.210 bales; to Spain 780 bales;
coastwise 3,232 bales; to Great Britain 3,210
bales; sales yoo uaies.
Chnrlcston, Nov. 10. Cotton qniet; mid
dlinir 17 Vc; net receipts 1,743 bales; grots 1.-
843 bales; exports coastw ise 1,8S5 bales; sales 300
bales; stock 24,892 bales. Net receipts for the
week 10,042 bales; gross 10,742 bales; exports to
Great Britain 5,232 bales; coastwise 5,037 bales;
Bales 4,000 bales.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
From tbo Pulaski Citizen.
The Legislative Committee appointed to
investigate the charges preferred against
Jones, lurvis Co., the Printers to the
State, by that arch disturber and disorgan
izer, Col. Baxter, of Knoxville, have made
a full report, in which the Public Printers
are completely vindicated from the foul as
persions ol Baxter. Aot only does the uorn-
mittee sustain the Printers in their cliarces,
but show they might have legally charged
even more than they uul in some instances.
This report was based, too, upon the evi
dence ol witnesses summoned jor the prose
cution. c consnatuiate tlie miners, ami
rejoice with them heartily in this complete
overthrow of their persecutors.
Tlie Cincinnati Aldermen have appointed
a special committee to secure the comins
to that city of the Itadical Presidential
Convention.
NASHVTLE AS 1 AN' EDUCATIONAL
POINT, AC
'yT ,.'-?C'ft
CONCLUDED."
A system of public schools as.a municipal
interest in Nashville in 1851 -was naught.
In 1871 it is second td no .other, being a
charge upon our tax-payers of over. .fifty
thousand dollars,'employirfilly-inoteach-t
ers, occupying six large buildings, and giv
ing instructions to three thousand five hun
dred and sixty-one children between seven
and eighteen years of age. It will by 1891
judging by what has uniformly taken place
in all other American cities, be by far the
most costly as well as most popular and
useful department of the city government.
These schools take little boys and girls at
the very threshold of knowledge andcarry
them through the primary, and grammar
grades so thoroughly as to rank them of the
first-class. The boys and girls' high schoob,
English and classical because .of the great
expense and the fe .v scholars attending
such schools, are but partially or imperfect
ly supplied.
Why shoidd not this excellent and costly
system of preparatory Instruction be maile
the foundation for a great university
in Nashville which shall embrace
within its domain tho entire range of hu
man knowledge, together with its applica
tions to the dail" wants of man? The said
university to affiliate more or less all the'
special and higher schools now in useful
operation in the city, whether under public
charter or as individual property, and all
others that shall be hereafter established; I
All such institutions being so Intertwined as
mutually to enhance the educational resour
ces of Nashville and each other. The bond
connecting all together, assisting each, crip
pling and interfering with none being the
Board of Educationso enlarged, empowered
and endowed as to become the agent of the
city in dispensing its bounty, good offices
and support to the individual members of
the system. The subdivisions of this com
plete municipal university to be open to ev
ery pupil resident within the city limits free
of cliarge; the higher and specia!schools to
non-residents upon payment of the required
fees. By carrying into effect this proposi
tion Nashville will at once taKe pre
cedence of any other town or
city in all this region, and in a
very few years will become a city of colleges
and special schools of ever- description, the
plan whenadoptedadmitingof indefinite and
endless expansion, as the liberality of indi
viduals, private enterprise or public need
may require.
To elaborate the plan thus announced in
the above few sentences would require much
space. A few liiuts must suffice here to
show its practical workings. As just stated
our excellent public schools are deficient
when wc come to the door of the Boys and
Girls' nigh Schools. To put up suitable
buildings, provide necessary apparatus and
books, to pay able teachers, requires many
thousands more than a city upon the verge
ol bankruptcy isjustified in expending. Let
the citv government enact that the under
graduate Department ot the .University be
the iwvs Uign ocnooi, paying iiuu me
University treasury the tuition of the lim
ited number of scholars from the Grammar
schools whom the Board of Education
recommend as qualified. At once we become
as far as our boys are concerned, quite on a
par with the great cities of Philadelphia
and New York. The Academic Depart
ment of the University becomes an integral
member of our public school system. The
poorest boy in our streets is as free to go to
its envied halls as he is to enter the walls
of the nume or Howard schools. His
father resides withm the city limits, and he
has only to be a good scholar and pass repu
tably from A, B, C to Grammar, through
Grammar to the university, anu inrougu
its classes to its honors. It is impossible to
conceive a plan more completely fitting our
poverty and our needs, it gives us a great
High School in which we may take just
pride a worthy completion to our inferior
grades. It makes the University dear to
the poorest citizen, and where genius is con
cerned, breaks down within our corporate
limits the middle wan DCiween ncu anu
poor.
Tlie Bovs' Ilich School beinj: thus com
pletely and cheaply provided for, our Boards
of Education may give their undivided
exertion to the estabfisliment ot what
we have for years so greatly lacked,
a fully furnished Girls' High and formal
School. Here again comes m most enec
tively the principle of combination and co
operation, without which we can do noth
ing and through which we can accomplish
wonders. "When we speak of a Girls' High
School, ive speak of what is in itself a no
ble institution, capable alone ol exalting a
community. Its course of study extends
through at least four years, and requires
teachers highly educated and well supplied
with all material adjuvants, who witn tneir
classes must be suitably housed. As a fin
ishing off of our public school system, this
is even more indispensable tlian a Boys'
High School, for all our citizens are able to
send their daughters to school for a much
lonser time than their sons. The rich and
middle classes alike may use it. To the
poor it is a noble boon, for let it not be for
gotten that it alone opens the door to the
only profession worthy woman's notice
that of teaching. This school to be conve
niently accessible to all our people must be
situated near the meeting spot of the va
rious street car lines, that is, in the very
centre of the city, and hence upon a costly
lot. How can impoverished, despoiled
Nashville undertake at once the establish
ment of such a Girls' liign school, as
neither Louisville, Cincinnati, nor even any
city south of Boston possess? By not be
ing selfish. By endeavoring to help its
neighbors while helping itself. By making
this" Girls' High School itself tfic foundation
of one still higher and yet more needed
the Normal School of Tennessee.
Stimulated and encouraged by the work
ings of the Public Schools withm the city
limits, our neighbors and friends of David
son liave now in successful operation a
county sjstem. As the city finds it difficult
to do much beyond the primary and gram
mar grades, the county finds it impossible.
Let our Boards of Education welcome into
their Central nigh School all girls from the
county or elsewhere, duly qualified by
scholarsliip, upon payment of reasonable
fees. Tims a great public want will be sup
plied, and our poor city treasury will be
much assisted in meeting the cost.
For many years past, from Shelby to John
son, the menus oi euucaiion nave lamented
the want of a Normal School m Tennessee.
The lamented Hatton gave eloquent voice
to this want. Repeated efforts have been
made to supply it, but in vain. In all our
goodly Southern land there are no schools for
training young men ana especially young
women as teachers. When our daughters
have finished their education in the acade
my, seminary or other school, they must go
at once into tlie school-room without that
full preparation furnished at the public ex
pense in every Northern State. We need
not wonder then that so constantly strang
ers from the North are assigned positions
above them. Time and again have I -wit
nessed and participated in tins as a member
of the Board in Nashville. Our own im
mediate friends ami relatives, elegant, ac
complished, lovely and excellent young
women, would be candidates, along with
strangers from Ohio, Massachusetts and
other Northern States. The latter would
bear off the higher and more lucrative po
sitions simply because they had been pro
fessionally trained, and we were adminis
tering a sacred public trust. Precisely as
in manning the great North Nash
ville Cotton Factory, competent skill
must be employed preferably from at
home if here to be found, otherwise from
the East or from Europe. Nashville needs
a Normal School. Tennessee imperatively
demands one. The entire South would
send pupils to a really thorough one. Such
a one as my little native State proudly
boasts at Trenton would, to build and main
tain, cost more tlian once proud but now
poor Tenuessee is able to attempt. And
with less than such a one we should not be
satisfied. Yet such a one may be opened
in Nashville within eighteen months if our
municipal authorities, availing themselves
of tho proffered liberality of the Peabody
Trustees, will resolve that in putting up a
building for their Girl's nigh School, 'suit
able apartments shall be prepared for the
Tennessee State formal School, and offered
to the State free of cliarge. This Normal
School would be housed by the city
and supported jointly by the State
ET"jasrg, MTE,
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC,
TTjajsaa. ViiiLH, tsentxt.
ARB NOW IN RECEIPT OF A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
FOREWf AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, MHOA'S, ETC.,
rok 'THE PAU. TRADE,
to wincii 'wxiNvrrE the attention of merchants.
sepS Sm
S. 15. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
DEALERS Iff FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging and Tics Furnished and Liberal Advances made.
.Exclusive Agents rbr the sale of Manning's WhUky and Annls Stectlngs.
ool3m.8p i
GILBERT, PARKES CO..
COTTON FACTORS,
JTos. 57 ami 59 South College Street,
QEING LOCATED AT THE LARGE NEW
XJ UEO. C AXlLlEX
CO.. and having increased facilities for If miflliiiir cotton and
outer rrouttce, wo nope, wuu reneweu enoru, to merit a continuation or tnj lioeral patronage
heretofore bestowed upon us.
Bagging and Ties Furnished and Advancements made on Consignments.
AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED CARVER COTTON GINS.
aug!3 eod till nov9
and the Peabody Trustees. In a
few words a great and ptessing edu
cational topic is sketched. It demands im
mediate and efficient action, and it is earn
estly hoped that the plans brought forward
by Judge Watson, of the Peabody Board,
and Dr. Sears, their distinguished agent,
will receive full attention.
A report upon the educational interests
of Nashville, particularly prepared at the
instance of the Board of Trade, would be
strangely incomplete were no mention
made of the Female Academy and its virtual
successor, Ward's Seminary. No better
example of bearing upon the wealth and
reputation of a community need be cited
than the history of tlie former under the
remarkable administration of C. D. Elliott,
given in the foot note.
Any business man can readily compute
the effect of such a constant stream upon
the material prosperity of the city. Not
undertaking to judge as to the legal points
involved in the controversy wlucli destroyed
this venerable institution, the preceptress
of the noblest army of wives, mothers and
daughters tliat ever adorned and blessed
any community with all womanly and
Christian grace, I cannot refrain from
giving expression to the deep and universal
feeling of regret prevailing among all classes
at the issue.
In 1805 the only institution in Nashville
drawing distant students was the University
Ward at his individual risk, and by his owp
resources opened a first-class Ladies' Semi
nary. Tliis school now employs seventeen
teachers, and lias in all two hundred and
ninety-one pupils, ninety-three being board
ers. Dr. Ward by the successful manage
ment of this immense establishment, lias
become a public benefactor, and every fa
cility in the way of exemption from taxa
tion, and other manifestations of public
interest should be cordially extended him.
Of great church institutions, there are in
the city two and the vicinity one, all under
the control of the Roman Catholic Church.
These should be fostered, as indicated
aboe. in tlie case of Ward's Seminary. If
anv of them are of such erodes as to admit
of becoming members or partial members of
the public school system, our legislation
should be to that end.
Fisk University and Central Tennessee
College arc institations intended for a spe
cial field. The former has seventeen teach
ers and four hundred and fifty pupils within
its walls; the latter six teachers, with two
hundred and twenty-six pupils. Ourpublic
schools have eight hundred and fen colored
children enrolled. In the Southern States
there are five millions American citizens of
African descent in Tennessee alone, two
hundred thousand; in Nashville, nearly ten
thousand. That their educational wants
must be fidlv met is the unanimous voice
of all Christians' and philanthropists. We
should, by all means, as a city, give advanced
scholars of both sexes of colored people
living within the city limits opportunities
free of cliarge, ol continuing their studies
in one or both these colleges as recommend
ed above for white boys in the University,
A most important work to be accomplish
ed bv the citv in unifying all the educational
establishments withiu her bounds, is by
creatine and sustaining as integral outfit of
her public schools, libraries, museums of
natural history, art galleries and collec
tions of apparatus, all ot which snail be
made serviceable to private and chartered
schools under such regulations as will ma'ie
the city secure from loss. As an educator
of young ladies Dr. Ward comes into com
petition with the Vassar Female College at
Pouglikecpsie, New York, which from one
successful brewer received tlie splendid do
nation of full lialf a million dollars. At tlie
same time he comes in competition Willi
many other endowed schools, all seeking
patronage from this region. It is
clear that no individual effort and
capital can equal such great schools m
outfit and appliances. But suppose that the
citv took steps towards, (doing soon what
ultimately it will do,) the purchase of appa
ratus for its own schools, then these appli
ances are here, even though costing many
thousands. And if Dr. Ward and others
can use them as proposed, his seminary is
Nasiivii.le Female Academy, Founded ix
181t Daniel Berry, President to 1820 William
Humo to 1833 Robert A. Lapaley, to 1838 AV.
A Ki-ntt. to laiO G. I). Elliott anil It. A. Lanslev
t 1844 and from that time to June, 18C8, C. 1).
Elliott.
c o I O O i
f I 5g S, I
I Fl f f
E i
18W. 193 10 8
1841 189 10 3
1842 182 10 10
1813 153 U 8
1841 191 13 31 10 11
1815. 175 30 48 11 9
18IG. 195 41 63 12 6
1847 200 ra 91 12 10
1813 253 02 110 11 8
1849 217 71 130 12 12
1850 305 83 153 16 14
1851 336 90 190 16 26
1852. 310 96 221 20 25
1S53. 316 120 372 21 26
1854 307 138 455 26 37
1853 363 131 410 26 30
1856 371 172 536 27 3
1857 420 191 5C3 27 43
1858 432 225 587 32 38
1859 001 213 600 S6 07
18C0 013 256 003 33 CI
18C1 325 164 375 32 43
1862-Order perfect up to Feb. 16 Sunday fall
of Fort Donelson.
The Rich man's School see its prices and was
tliui the largest school of its clan In tuc civilized
world.
Carefnl estimates show that each pupil In a
boarding school of this class brought to our city
al-out 31,000 annually. Also, that in 1860 a pop
ulation of over 3,000 derived their support chiefly
from the Academr. No account Is taken of the
well known fact that many families removed to
Nashville to educate their daughters. It is alto
tho fact that very few, If any, of the daughters
of this city or county were cent off to be educated.
C. D. Elliott.
POBim CO.,
DEALERS IN
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
J. M. SPURLOCK.
Al COTTON
WAREHOUSE FORMERLY
OCCUPIED BY
endowed, so far as all these expensive in
strumentalities are concerned.
The cardinal and vivifying principle
brought forward now, is one of concentra
tion, consolidation, universality, which has
thousand tunes anu in as many places
been applied successfully to a great variety
of enterprises. Our railroad history is full
or examples. A hall dozen snort lines,
cutting off their heads by officers salaries,
unite together and make one self-supporting,
dividend-paying road. Louisville, a small
town straggling to maintain a decent posi
tion alongside its rich and powerful neigh
bor, Cincinnati, invests a million
of dollars in one great trunk
line, and continues its investments
until it has pushed iron tentacula through
four large States, and stands forth an ac
knowledged giant among cities. A full
thousand years since, Paris, a moderate
city in a Western, half-civilized region, at
the instigation ol its learned men, and by
command of exalted statesmen and war
riors, the unrivalled Pepin family, furnished
means for study- in every branch of human
science, and held out inducements to stu
dents of all nations to frequent her schools.
From that day to this she lias been the ac
knowledged head of European Universities,
and will continue such for centuries to
come. Her policy and prestige have and
will remain unimpaired by disasters of war
or changes of revolution. Her schools of
science aid her schools oi art, Dotn pro
mote her schools of letters, which again re
act upon the others. Her unequalled art
and nature galleries, and libraries rich be
yond compare, attract scholars from all
parts of Christendom to her colleges, public
and private.
1 ins report, too ions as a whole, too brier
m detail, but intended to incite jiashville
ans to think upon a topic of pressing and
vital moment, will be brought to a close by
calling attention to two or three facts. Eve
ry University in America noted for great
work is backed either by church or btate.
Harvard by Massachusetts and Unitarian
Concrecationalists, 1 ale by Orthodox Uon-
gregationalists, Columbia by episcopalians,
Princeton by lTesbytenans, Uliarlottesvuie
by Virginia, Lexington, (Kentucky), by the
Reformed Baptists, and so on through the
list, la uur uwu uiuucuioie ueiu iuu juiruu-
age and contributions and recruiting efforts
of Cumberlaud Presbyterians to Lebanon,
of Baptists to ilurfreesboro, ot iTCsbyten
ans to Clarksville, of Methodists to Hunts-
vdle, of the State to Knoxvifle. unless the
city of Nashville back her own University,
whence can it derive support and expan
sion? Her Trustees, able j'urists, faithful
guardians of the interests of the whole peo
ple, wlule ready to give every
religious denomination equal privi
leges, cannot put their ward
under tlie control or ownership of any one,
hence cannot expect the official aid and
charity of any. Tlie State has given the
only great educational fund it lias for years
controlled, or is is likely to have, to .Knox-
vffle, and it will be best torthe public to let
it there remain. Nothing will destroy our
Industrial University so soon as continual
taimierin" with it by legislative interference.
Nashville is the only corporation or aggre
gate which can complement the want of
State or Church control and aid. It lias the
ability and will reap the rich financial re
turns consequent upon so doing. Ihe two
Lexingtons, one in Virginia, the other in
Kentucky, have each some seven hundred
students in their colleges. In 1SC0, Nash
ville had some six hundred. Equal success,
and this is a safe calculation, upon tlie plan
proposed above, would speedily give us
more than one thousand. These would ex
pend annually not less tlian five hundred
thousand dollars here, maintaining and add
ing immensely to tho activity and thrift of
tlie city.
The outlay to bring all this about would
be small compared with what either of our
railroads have cost us, and cm be distrib
uted through a period of years.
Tliat a municipal government cau direct
and build up a grand whole as urged in this
report, is amply demonstrated by the bril
liant history of Edinburgh, where King
James 1 founded the University by charter,
dated 24th of April, 1582. "By tin's char
ter, wliich still forms the only constitution
of tlie University, tlie provost, bailies, and
town councillors of Edinburgh and their
successors in office were invested with the
sole power both of electing tlie professors
and of dismissing them. In virtue of this
authorization, indeed, the council or corpo
ration of the burgh has ever since assumed
nearly the entire direction and control of
the University electing the professors,
founding new chairs, managing the funds,
and even regulating the class fees and the
discipline of the institution."
My task is done. At the instance of
prominent members of the Board of Trade,
I have given practical conclusions readied
after some thirty years of experience, study
and travel. I have spoken frankly as a
Nashvillian, regarding this not as the only,
but as one of the principal interests of
Nashville, and close as I commenced, with
;he profound conviction that unless the bus
iness men of Nashville take hold of this
great cause with the broad, comprehensive,
sagacious, liberal spirit characterizing their
class, instead of being as we may the edu
cational metropolis of the mighty South
west, we will become tributary to cities and
towns now far behind us,
The line of argument abovp given applies with
oul In Interests with Nashrllle, her authorities
can powerfully assisf us in developing n mutual
W. A. Huff, the mercliant prince of
JIacon, is spoken-of as a candidate for Gov
ernor of Georgia. Tlie people of that State
might do far worse than to elect liim. Thero
is nothing like advertising.
CLOTHING, ETC.
4 W
r
,1 (lji-vyr itm-
Mei's ami Beys' Cktiriig
AND
34 ICerth Summer Street,
(Jieak rsioir.)
Business Suits.
The. Promenade. Suit, -The
Pea Jach.tt.HHil,
The .Tacniarket Snit,
Dress Coats,
Frock Coats,
JBtorrithgr Coats,
Evening-' Coatx,
ELEGANT LINES OF
English and French Cassiaere
and Black Doeskin
STYIJSII CUT A5D J1ADE 117 AX. TO
AJ X USTUfl WVKh.
Fall Overcoats!
IN GREAT VARIETY.
BOYS' WEAR!
Uoys' School Suits,
Boys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's Suits, three years
upward.
and
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Suits.
Dress and Business Shirts,
ShKtot SFiirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, mm, TRAYELLVG BAGS.
34 North Summer St.
sep28till Jan9,72sp lstp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
r.,
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Croods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of Hie
Southtcest, than ever before,
which we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
L0 WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
7 77 J
11X1)116 OUydTS IO Call Una X-
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
Tliese Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
'no aT.tJ, nno nflm
JJi "jj"
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIVAR R. COORE&Go,,
KASHVlLXiE, TENN.
B. II. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 PuUxc
Square.
eplO tt
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK I!
CHEAP!!!
TS23
IS PREPARED TO TURN OUT
FEINTING-
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In tho Most Satisfactory Style, upon
Brief Wotlce, at the Low
est Kates.
nrat ntrpinE. IN AIAj h
DEPART-
MENTS, IS ONE OF
I THE MOST COMPL&TB EV THE SOUffl.
SPECIAL ATTE5TIOS
iBorvwTo
ORDERS FROM THE COUNTRY.
OITB T!8 A TEIAJ-
GOODS,