Sunday Edition. December 3.
Lina Edwin’s Theatre. —On Monday even
ing Offenbach’s charming opera of “Le Pont des
Soupirs was produced for the first time in this city,
and played to one of the largest audiences which has
assembled within the walls of Lina Edwin s Theatre
since it has been under the successful management
Df M’lle Aimee. The plot of the opera we gave last
week, and, as it affords many very amusing and
highly diverting situations, which were fully taken
advantage of, it was received with the heartiest
laughter and applause. In our present issue wo are
z unable to give an extended notice of the performance,
but we will do so next week. In the meantime we
may state that in the characters of Comaiino and
Baptiste,, Messrs. Duschene and Edgard have ample
opportunities to display the humor and fun with
which they appear to overflow, and they do not al
low the slightest to chance escape them of making a
point. Both of these gentlemen have added consid
erably to their reputation by their performance in
this opera. M’lle Aimee, as Catarina, has a part ad
mirably suited to her vivacious, coquettish style of
acting, and one in which her voice is heard to great
advantage. Mr. Noe is well suited as Malatromba.
“Le Pout dos Soupirs will be performed every
evening this week, and we do not doubt will have a
long run, as it possesses all the elements of popu
larity and success. The scenery, which was all
painted specially for this opera, is deserving of more
than a passing notice, many of the sets being very
beautiful.
DRAMATIC.
Wallace’s Theatre.—-With the exception
of last evening, when the Rivals” took its place,
“Rosedale” was performed throughout the week
and attracted the usual crowd of spectators who
seemed to enjoy the performance of this delightful i
drama of Mr. Wallack’s, as much as when it was ori
ginaily produced. To-morrow evening, and during
tho week, “Rosedale” will be performed, the perform
ance on Saturday evening being the last on which
It can possibly be played for the present, as arrange
ments have already been mado for the production of
several novelties. The first new drama which will
be put on the stage at this theatre, after the with
drawal of Rosedale,” will be from the pen of that
eminently popular and versatile play wngh t and actor,
the veteran John Brougham. From what we can
learn, this, his latest production, will be in every
respect worthy of the reputation he has acquired as
a dramatist, and it is needless to observe that it will
receive all the assistance which now and appropriate
scenery, drosses, properties, and a powerful cast can
lend to it. Of the return of this popular comedian
as weil as of Mr. 0. Mathews and Miss Plessy Mor
daunt, due notice will be given.
Booth’s Theathe.—Notwithstanding that
Mr. John E. Owens has concluded a fairly successful
engagement at this theatre, there will be very few
persons who will not feel glad that the season of
erratic “stars” is over, and that we are once again
about to enter upon a season of legitimate drama,
with, perhaps, its most talented living exponent as
the principal feature in the programme. Without
exaggeration, we may say that the return of Mr. Ed
win Booth to tho boards of his own theatre will be
welcomed with a heartiness and genuine pordiality
that no other event in the theatrical world could
elicit. The patrons of this theatre not only admire
Mr. Booth as a careful, studious, and talented artist,
but thoy feel proud of him as a countryman. They
seem to feel as if they had an especial interest in his
welfare and success, and they watch his progress
with something of the fooling of pride that a father
feels in the successful advance in life of a favorite
.eon. Few persons in this city have not seen and ad
mired his rendition ot the character of Hamlet, and
yet they will go again and again, eager to ascertain
if it presents any new features in his interpretation
of the part. It is this feeling of sympathy between
actor and audience which, in a great measure, ac
counts lor Mr. Booth’s success. During tho period
of Mr. Booth’s engagement at his own theatre, the
most critical audiences to be found in any place of
amusement in tbe city are to bo met with there.
To-morrow, then, Mr. Booth may expect such a
welcome us is seldom tendered to any other artist in
his profession. “Hamlet” is the first play to be
produced, with all the scenery, costumes, &c., which
gained lor it such unqualified praise on tho occasion
oi its last presentation to tbe New York public. Mr.
Booth will of course resume the part of the melan
choly Dane, a pari which he has so entirely made his
own that it has almost come to be regarded as the
■Hamlet of modern times. The limited period for
•which he has been engaged will preclude the possi
bility of an extended run for the piece, and conse
quently Shakspere’s tragedy of “Julius Cesar” is
already underlined. At the matinee on Saturday
‘Bulwer’s play of the “Lady of Lyons” will be per
formed, Mr. Booth appearing as Claude Melnotte.
Fifth Avenue Theatre.—Tho astonishing
success which has attended Mr. Daly’s latest drama,
’‘Divorce,” is not by any means an unprecedented
occurrence at the Fifth Avenue Theatre, as it seldom
happens that any play produced there does not have
a long and successful run—witness “Saratoga,” “Fer-
nan de,” “Man and Wife,” &o. That it proves most
conclusively Mr. Daly possesses a thorough knowl
edge of the public taste, is most satisfactorily attested
by the large audiences who attend every performance,
whether in the evening or at the matinees on Satur
days. For tho present week no change in the pro
gramme is announced, nor do we think it likely that
there will be any this side of Christmas.
Olympic Theatre.—Of tbe performances at
this theatre wo have nothing new to remark.
“Humpty Dumpty there reigns supreme, and to ail
appearance is likely to do so until next Easter. It
certainly is wonderful, the hold which Mr. G. L.
.Fox retains over the New York public, and yet it
need not be a subject of surprise, as his performance
of the clown is unrivaled, both for its originality,
grotesquenoss and admirable finish. Grimaldi him
self could not have witnessed his humorous antics
without giving way to uncontrolable mirth. Mati
nees are given on Wednesday and Saturday.
Mrs. F. B. Conway’s Brooklyn Theatre.—
Mr. T. W. Robertson’s military comedy, “Ours,”
was presented at Mrs. Conway’s Theatre early in the
week, and afforded large audiences very great enjoy
ment. The cast was an admirable one, the charac
ters without exception being well sustained. On
Friday evening “Macbeth” was produced withall
the beautiful original music by Matthew Locke. Mr.
F. B. Conway assumed the part of the ambitious
Thane, and acquitted himself more than creditably.
His reading of several of the passages, differs greatly
from the conventional style, but the entire repre
sentation gave proof of great study and much tragic
power. Mrs. Conway was, of course, Lady Macbeth,
and gave a performance of that character, such as
we only witness at the hands of that most accom
plished actress. Her representation of tho sleep
walking scene was very fine, and at its conclusion was
greeted with vehement applause. Mr. Roche looked
the Scottish warrior, Macduff, to tho very life, and
acted with all his accustomed grace and energy. His
acting in the scene where informed of tbe murder of
his wife and children, was worthy of all praise, he
convoying the idea of a strong man. suddenly pros
trated by grief, with admirable effect. Mr. M. A.
Keneddy, was a manly vigorous Malcolm, and Mr.
Chippendale, a good Duncan. Miss Minnie Conway
was much too handsome a Hecate, though her render
ing oi ihe music incidental to the part, was excel
lent. Miss Ella Burns, Miss Fanny Reeves, Mr.
Eugene Clark, and Mr. A. Queen, also sung with
good effect. At the matinee yesterday, Mr. Daly’s
drama, Divorce,” was by desire represented once
more. To-morrow evening, the people’s favorite
comedian, Mr. John Brougham, will commence a
limited engagement, appearing in a new play, en
titled ‘-Gold Dust,” dramatized by himself from
Charles Dickens’ celebrated tale, Our Mutual
Friend.” Mr. Brougham’s reputation as an actor is
too well established to require further mention from
us. He is well known to no one of the very best
comedians living, while as a dramatist he has always
occupied a position in the front rank. The now play
will be produced with the full strength oi Mrs. Con
way’s admirable company, aided with tho advantages
or new and beautiful scenery, and costly mounting.
Family matinee on Saturday.
Grand Opera House.—Tho very successful
engagement of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence having
at length terminated, Monday evening witnessed the
production of a new spectacular play by Mr. T. G De
Leon, author of “Pluck,” and several other dramas,
entitled “Paris; or, the Days of the Commune.” Sir.
De Leon, though never, as yet, fortunate enough to
have attained any great fame as a dramatic author,
has in former productions of his, given promise of
ability in play-writing much higher than this, h.’s
latest work, can I e said to justify. Tho new play is
announced as pictorial, romantic, and realistic. That
it possesses tue two former qualifications we unhesi
tatingly admit; but to the latter, it has no title what
ever. Pictorial it is in every sense of the word,
thanks to tho generous mounting bestowed on it by
the enterprising managers oi tho Grand Opera House;
xomantic it is in so far as romance is inconsistent
with reason; but view it from whatever standpoint
we may, it contains nothing bat what is thoroughly
antagonistic to realism. The spectacle of a young
.American gentleman, situated in a foreign country,
who cannot give vent to tho most commonulace ra
mark without expressing himself in glorification oi
the institutions of his country, is neither consistent
with reason or complimentary to the good sense of
the author nor to American gentlemen in general.
We trust there are few American gentlemen ot the
Haul Livingston type, as they would not be likely to
create a very favorable impression either in Paris or
elsewhere. And yet thia is only one oi' the many ab
surdities with wni?h the play abounds. Wo have a
villain of the very heaviest kind, whose villainy is
only equalled by his candor; a country damsol who
takes tho initiative step by herself making love to
the moral hero; an officer who is certainly not a gen
tleman; and a lemale Communist evidently addicted
to assassination at evory turn. In addition to thesa,
there are the usual number of people having no con
nection whatever with the plot, and only making
themselves useful by occupying tho front scenes
when preparations are going on behind. It is to be
regretted that Mr. Do Leon should have committed
himself by writing such a medley of non-onse as this
play is for the most part composed oi; and it is to bo
hoped ha will again confine himself to that more re
fined branch of the drama m which his former efforts
were directed, and in which he certainly appeared to
greater advantage.
The acting in Paris” was, if not up to the usual
standard oi the Grand Opera Houso company, at
least more than worthy of tho play. Miss Henrietta
Osborne imparted to the character of Mother d’Enfer
the female Communist already referred to, an in
tensity of passion that was positively thrilling and
demonstrated to what advantage she would appear in
a character worthy of her. The only original char
acter in the play, that of an opera bouffe prima
donna, was admiraoly rendered by Miss Emma
Cline, who sang several French airs in a manner
worthy oi a ven I able prima donna. But why talk in
English, and sing in French Miss Ada Gray made
her first appearance in New York, and created a very
favorable impression in tho dual characters of Adele
and Therese. Miss Edith Challis had little to do but
dress and look well, and in that she was, of course,
perfect. Mr. Joseph F. Wheelock made his first ap
pearance as Phillip and Paul Livingston, but in these
characters had no opportunity whatever of distin
guishing himself. Mr. J. F. Hagan, a careful, pleas
ing actor, who has few superiors in this lino of char
acter, played Bautre with great success, and Mr. W.
11. Whalley, who was quieter and more subdued
tnau usual, was a tolerably good Rene. Mr. C. W.
Barry appeared to very great advantage as Captain,
Mternard General de Roule, and in his dying scene
acted with very great force and effect. The managc-
Enent of the Grand Opera House appear to have
spared no effort that lay in their power toward se
curing the success of the piece. ‘The scenery is
perhaps, the finest yet seen at this theatre, and the
costumes and general mountings commendably ac- I
curate. Tbe views of the “Park of st. Cioud an
Encampment near Pans,” the Zouave Bivouac,”
the “Place Vendome, with Fallen Column,” aud the
City of Paris by Moonlight,” are perfect specimens
of scenic art, and the “Courtyard of La Roquette
Prison,” “Quarries of Montmartre.” and “Camp oi I
the Commune,” are no less deserving of praise.
To-morrow evening the popular drama, adapted
from Alexander Dumas’ Les Trois Mosquetaires,”
entitled “The Three Guardsmen,” will be produced
In tbe same complete style that characterizes every
thing presented at the Grand Opera House. To
thoroughly secure tho success of this favorite play,
Mr. Frank Mayo has been engaged to represent the
principal character, D'Artagnan; Mr. Joseph F.
Wheelock will enact Athos; Mr. C. W. Barry, Porthos;
and Mr. E. F. Thorne, George Villiers. Miss Ad?._i
Gray will sustain the part of the Queen, Anne of
Austria, Miss Harriet Osborne that of Lady de Win
ter, and Miss Emma Cline, Constance. With such a
cast as this, a successful career may ba anticipate!
for “The Three Guardsman,” and tha production
will probably meet with that success which was de
filed “Paris.” Matinee ou Saturday.
Wood’s Museum.—The new drama, “Clair
voyance,” was successfully represented every even
ing last week, with Miss Susan Denin and Messrs.
J. B. Studley and J. W. Albaugh in the principal
characters, in which they were each eminently suc
cessful. Pale Janet formed an attractive matinee
entertaidment, and was well performed by the pow
erful company of the Museum. To-morrow evening
another new local, sensational drama will be pre
sented for the first time. It is entitled “Life In The
Streets,” and is said to be a play of unusual merit.
New scenery has been painted expressly for it, and
the appointments and costumes will be on that scale
usually bestowed on attractive dramas at Wood’s.
Miss Denin will appear in the new play, as will also
Messrs. Studley and Albaugh, with most of the other
favorites. At the matinees, the ever popular Col
leen Bawn will be performed. The change in the
hour of commencement for the evening performances
from eight till half past seven, has met with much fa
vor, and is likely to be much appreciated by all who
like to enjoy themselves without being kept too late
from home. The museum collection has lately been
considerably increased, and Manager Wood per
mits no curiosity likely to prove interesting to es
cape his attention. A living skeleton has been one
of the features for some time past. Mr. Lilliendhal
is the most genial and courteous of business mana
gers and is of himself quite an attraction.
Bowery Theatre.—“Searching the Depths
or, the New York Detective,” has continued to afford
the utmost satisfaction to audiences large even for
Thanksgiving week, and the author, Mr. Stoller, is to
be congratulated on the great hit ho has mado. The
scenery, painted expressly for this drama by Messrs.
Morgan and Crane, is very fine, and the machinery,
costumes and appointments are also worthy of ap
proval. The principal characters were supported by
Messrs. Marden, Barry, Walsh, Winter, Connolly,
Manley, Pike, France, Foster, and Charley Lord, and
Mesdames Jones, Connolly, Booth, Wheeler, and
Holmes. The play is very interesting, the denoue
ment being effectively worked up, and the fire scene
nightly caused tho most intense excitement. Mr.
Stoller’s plav might easily have attracted good audi
ences to the Bowery Theatre for weeks to come, but
other arrangements interfering, the management
were reluctantly compelled to withdraw it last night.
To-morrow evening will be produced an entirely
new and original drama, adapted from Charles
Reade’s thrilling sensational romance, “A Terrible
Temptation.” The play is by Mr. G. W. Middleton,
and this will be the first occasion on which Mr.
Reade’s story has been presented in a dramatic form
in this city. So much has been said and written
about this work, and so many different opinions
have been expressed regarding it, that we think Mr.
Froligh has done a wise thing in thus taking the
lead of our city managers in its production. New
scenery and appointments have been prepared, and
a very fine distribution of characters arranged, so
that a lengthy run is likely to be the result. An en
gagement has been effected with the celebrated
actress, Miss Lucy Rushton, who will appear in her
great specialty, “Red Hands,” on tho withdrawal of
Mr. Middleton’s play.
Union Square Theatre.—Mr. Gus Williams
appeared on Monday evening in his Dutch special
ties, and met with a very cordial reception. His
songs are mostly new, tho airs are catching, and his
delivery of them humorous and amusing in the ex
treme. His account of the fun at “Michael Schneid
er’s Party” kept the audience in one perpetual roar.
Hughey Doughertv and Harry Raynor appeared in a
side-splitting burlesque scene, entitled “Zampilae
rostation,” the expenses of which, as announced by
Hughey, must have been something immense. The
performances of Harry Raynor, tho man-fly, on tbe
flying trapeze, were thrilling in the extreme, and
certainly more enjoyable than trapeze performances
usually are. J. F. Wambold sung local ditties suc
cessfully, and the Matthews Family appeared in their
usual varied entertainment. Harrigan and Hart
mot with much favor, as did the Brothers Raynor in
their comical songs and dances. Geraldine and Leo
po d performed on the high trapeze, and Rollin
Howard, Charley Sturges, Hughey Dougherty, Geo.
H. Coes, C. Raynor, J. Do Angelis, T. Raynor, H.
Baynor, and Lew Rattler toon part in a laughable
burlesque of The Grand Duchess.”
This week, tbe ever populaa negro comedian, Wm.
Ashcroft, will reappear in his great scene, “The
Lively Moke;” Gus Williams will sing new Dutcn
songs; Hughey Dougherty and the clever Raynors
will appeal’ in comic sketches; Lew Rattler and John
ny Da Angelis take part in tho fun, and Geraldine
and Leopold perform on the high trapeze. Madame
Boufanti will appear in the ballet, “The Beauties of
the Rainbow the Matthews Family in their gym
nastic entertainment; and Mr. R. M. Butcher aud
Tom Vance, tha celebrated pantomists will appear in
the pantomime, “Nicodemus.” Matinee, Wednes
day and Saturday.
Theatre Comique.—“ The arrival of the
Grand Duke” seems to have caused considerable
stir at the Comique, as well as at the Clarendon, and
furnishes Larry Tooley, James Clarke, Goo. Warren
and E. Gooding, an opportunity of distinguishing
themselves. Miss Alice Somers is a clever jig
dancer, and also sings well. She is evidently a great
favorite at the Comique. Delehanty and Hengler in
dulge in Larks m tbe Park” every evening, and
also represen t two exceedingly jovial and comforta
ble looking Hottentots in a very amusing manner.
Messrs. John Wild and Charley White appear as
“Our Special Artists,” and draw tears ot laughter
from the spectators. Assisted by Messrs. Stoute and
Warren they also perform a laughable sketch enti
tled, “Who Died First,” in which two of the charac
ters perform the difficult feat of dying for a living.
Polly Daly is a very dashing serio-comic vocalist,
but rather extravagant in her gestures. Mr. W. H.
Munroe appears in his entertainment, entitled
“Mystic Changes” in which the transformations of
costume are effected with a rapidity that is truly as
tonishing. He appears six in differon t dresses, each of
which are transformed in presence of the audience.
Jennie Hughes contributed to the pleasue of the en
tertainment by several beautiful melodies, and
James Clarke sang an Irish comic song very clever
ly. Larry Tooley, one of tbe best of Dutch comedi
ans, indulged In some of his Teutonic eccentricities,
and the whole was concluded by a sensational
drama, entitled “The Dead O’Night Boys,” in which
Mr. Josh Hart appeared as Looney O'Daft.
To-morrow evening another comic drama, The
New York Milkman” will be performed. Mr. Hart
sustaining the character of Israel Putnam, the milk
man. On Monday, December 11th, Kitty O’Neil will
reappear, and the Forepaugh brothers, gymnasts,
and the great Sysvester and Miss Angela Schott make
make their first appearance. The following week Miss
Ella Wesner, the great serio-comic and male imper
sonator will return after a long absence. The bril
liant spectacle, Chicago,” is being rapidly pre
pared, and other great novelties are in reserve.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
New York Circus.—Tho members of tho
star troupe engaged here, are mooting with the ut
most approval in their clever performances, and the
beautiful and highly trained horses of Mr. Lent’s
stud, are universally admired by all who see them.
The Jee Brothers have become great favorites, their
comical musical entertainments being fully appre
ciated, and Miss Lucy Watson is a 1 so greatly ad
mired in her dashing equestrian acts. The Siegrist
family have been received with great favor, and
tho general combination of talented performers is
one of the strongest ever seen in New York. The
clowns are all amusing jovial follows, and their comi
cal capers are productive of the heartiest merriment
among the young folks. The New York Circus,
among many other qualifications possesses the ad
vantage of being one of the most comfortable build
ings ever constructed for that purpose, and in that
respect will challenge comparison with most of our
city theatres. The programme is always so arranged
that no interval occurs twixt tho various acts, but
each follows the other in such rapid succession as to
materially enhance the pleasure of the performance.
This week several new artists, among .hem, the fa
mous lady equestrian performer, M’lle. Caroline
Boiland, will appear, and a number of novel features
be introduced. Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Thirty-fourth Street Theatre If there
were any doubts as to the necessity of a respectable,
well-conducted place of amusement a tittle further
up town than any we have yet been furnished with,
tha fact of tbe new Ihirly-fourth Street Theatre
being crowded each evening since its opening on
Monday last, should at once settle them. The man
ager of this now theatre, Mr. W. W. Smith, seems
determined that if securing talent of the highest or
der, wherever obtainable, and carefully providing for
the comfort of his patrons, be worthy of encourage
ment, he will at least deserve it, and so starts hi*en
terprise under circumstances both favorable and au
spicious.. The new theatre is comfortably seated,
and will accommodate about fifteen hundred people;
the decorations are elegant and appropriate, and the
general arrangements such as to command public
approval. Mr. Smith has chosen for his business
manager Mr. Charles. A. Wing, a gentleman in every
way qualified. The stage directions will be in the
hands of Mr. R. H. Mills, and the musical depart
ment under the supervision of Mr. Frank Tully.
The initial entertainments have been thoroughly
successful, all of the artists engaged meeting with
favor. Mr. Eph Horn, the well-known negro come
dian, was droll and amusing in all his endeavors, and
Sam Devine appeared also to create a very favorable
impression. George and Willie Guy performed sev
eral artistic songs and dances in a highly finished
manner; and Harrie Leslie, Lew Meyers, and It. H.
Mills, took part in the comic scones with every ap
pearance of satisfaction. Miss Annie Hindle, in bar
male impersonations, was enthusiastically received,
and Mlle. Nella’s banjo performances greatly ap
plauded. Miss Lizetto Bernard was also successful
in her various impersonations. To-morrow evening,
Miss Lillie Bertine, a distinguished character vocal
ist, will make her first appearance, and an entirely
new programme will be submitted. Tho entire compa
ny will appear each evening, and the entertainments
will always be rendered as attractive as possible.
There will be family matinees every Wednesday and
Saturday.
P. T. Barnum’s Circus—The rush of visitors
to the Rink, whore Barnum’s great combination is at
present located, has, since the commencement of the
season, been almost unprecedented. Two perform
ances daily, and each of them witnessed by immense
audiences, must certainty be gratifying to any man
ager, and we should imagine that the veteran, Bar
num, had no reason to regret having paid a large
sum for the privilege of drawing in dollars as rapidly
as they can be taken during six weeks time. When,
however, we come to consider the immense number
of attractions in this gigantic combination, embrac
ing, we are told, seven huge establishments in one,
it is not strange that Mr. Barnum should be so suc
cessful, In his collection he has assembled animals
of almost every species or class known upon the
earth, and, as it not content with this, he provides a
circus entertainment, in which u number of very
highly talented performers assist. Gorgeous caval
cades, daring equestrianism, and astounding gym
nastic feats are features of this department, while
tho trained horses aud performing animals aro also
to bo seen in unlimited numbers. To-morrow even
ing two celebrated trick riders, tne Brothers Cook,
from London, will make their first appearance, and
Barnum’s great establishment will be rendered, if
possible, still more attractive. Performances every
day and evening, at two and eight.
St. James Theatre.—The now comedy,
“Catarina,” wks produced on Monday evening with
very great success, Miss Annie Lonsdale enacting
tour different characters with that ease and vivacity
for which she is famed. She has also appeared in
her great rule of Bacchus, in the biu-.esque of that
name, and has gained golden opinions irom all who
have seen her. Unfortunately her exertions in the
early portion of tho week, and particularly on Thurs
day (Thanksgiving day), when she played in xio loss
toan five pieces, have brought on a serious illness,
which will lor the present prevent her appearance for
a few d iys; but it is to be hoped this favorite actress
will soon be able to resume her position on that stage
to which she is an honor.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
Signor Bartolini, the eminent baritone, from
tho Royal Italian Opera, Covont Garden, London, and
a!«o the Italians, Paris, Jias arrive! in Now York to aa
tho position of “Primo Baritone di Cartello,” in
uro Nilsson Italian, Opera Company. Ho is very highly
spokon of by the French, English, and nil the principal
journals of Continental Europe, and brings witn him an
autograph letter from Adelina Patti (the Marquise do
tiaux.', recommending him both a.i a most excellent ar
witn whom sho iins sung the principal operas in her
with great tucees-, end ui,-o as a very fine actor,
lie will make hij ilrot appcirancu in Now York in con
junction with Mlle. Christina Nilsson, ax Count di Lv.nt>,
in Verdis opera, ‘hi anu also assume duj
ing the foitbcomiug bpring season, the rote of Hairnet,
m Ambrose Thomas’now epnra of that name.
Colonel Wagner’s Minstrels ttre at tha Acad
emy of Music, Pittsburgh. No conaootioa with tli-a
comnoeer of the iutu.e.
Miss Lydia Thompson and her troupe of
fasoinating burlesquers, appear to bo meeting with
great success in their tour through the States. The fol
lowing humorous notice is from the Titusville (Pa.) Der
rtdc of week before last: A. fnan’s social and intellectual
rank in Titusville is determined by his opinion of, Lydia
Thompson. The upper ten have a plaster of Paris cast
of her nether limbs set up in their houses for Penates,
and say their prayers to it night and morning. A gold
model of the same is to be set up in the Oil Exchange as
a standing incentive to a pure and noble life for the
young men. A man is not safe to criticise the legiti
mate drama in Titusville; it would insure an immediate
leg-acy to his family if he had any property. At the first
murmur of dissent from a daring, ascetic free thinker,
the old Titusville vigilance committee was immediately
revived. One man who claimed to have seen a better
show, was given thirty seconds to get out of town. An
other, who preferred Fechter and Booth’s style of acting,
to Lydia’s, was taken into an unfinished sewer and
drowned; and another, who expressed the rash opinion
that he had a better show at home, was immediately ku
kluxed. The committee now goes about on a roving
commission, arresting all who are suspected of treason
to Lydia, and making them take the oath of allegiance
to her. Men who did not attend the exhibitions are look
ed upon with suspicion, and have to keep closely at
home. Lydia Thompson” is the shibboleth of Titus
ville. The night watchmen make all stragglers advance
and give the countersign. If he says Lydia Thomp
son,” be is allowed to pass. Lydia Thompson” is the
pass-word into all the secret societies. The name of the
city is to be changed to Thompsonville.
They have some gushing critics down in
California. One of them, writing of a lady vocalist, at
Bella Union Theatre, San Francisco, says: ‘“KissMe
Good-By’ was sang by Miss Lotto, who never fails to re
ceive a round of applause for her excellent rendition of
this sweet ballad, and as the words, ‘Kiss Me,’ fell
from her lips, many a sigh escaped from manly bosoms
longing for the chance.” If the husband of this young
lady thought proper to “go for” that tender-hearted
writer, we fear there might be a considerable increase
in the sighs of at least one of the forementioned manly
bosoms.
“St. Marc,” “New Way to Pay Old Debts,”
“Caste,” “The Hypocrite,” “Damon and Pythias,”
“The Stranger,” and “The Honeymoon” have been
the pieces presented at the Chestnut street Theatre,
Philadelphia, during the week. Air. Davenport an
nounces as in preparation a new prophetic comedy (by
an American lady), entitled The Spirit of ’76, or the
Coming Woman.” Also a new American comedy by
Bartley T. Campbell, Esq., called “Peril,” and a now
Slay, adapted from the French, by Airs. Martha Lafitte
ohnson, entitled “Raymond, the Patriot.”
Messrs. Cole and Baker, managers of the
Grand Opera House, have perfected an arrangement,
and will shortly produce, an elaborate spectacular
drama, written by the veteran author, Joseph C. Foster.
No pains or expense will be spared to make this last
effort of Mr. Foster’s the most brilliant of bis life. The
costumes and properties aro elaborate and elegant, and
some idea may be formed of the extent of the undertak
ing from the fact that for more than twenty months a
large number of artists have been engaged to perfect the
piece.
Miss Anna Mehlig, the justly celebrated
classical pianiste whose departure, though for a brief
period, waago generally regretted, sailed from Bromen
on h( r return to America on the 25th ot November, and
will be heard in our best concerts’during the Winter
season. She is engaged to play both at the Naw York
and Brooklyn Philharmonic Societies Concerts.
Mr. Disnys Bruckner, the court pianist of
the King of Wurtembsrg, who has recently arrived
in this country achieved a most brilliant success at the
rehearsal of tne Philharmonic Societies Concert at the
Academy of Atusic on Friday. His playing of Bcthov
en’s E. flat major fantasia, and the Weber Polonaise,
by liszt, creating a marked sensation.
Theo. Thomas; with his full orchestra, will
return to New York at the end of the month, and will
give a series of six grand instrumental concerts during
tiie eaTly part of January at Steinway Hall, at which he
will nave the assistance of several distinguished vocal
and instrumental soloists, including, we believe, Miss
Anna Mehlig.
Miss Fernanda Tadesoa, the truly admirable
and most accomplished .lady violinist, who created so
profound a sensation last Spring at New York concerts,
is making a brilliantly successful concert tonr with a
company of her own, which includes Miss Jenny Busk
as vocialist.
J. H. Milburn, Annie Adams, Hash Harmo,
Jule Keen, Lillie and Zoe, and Signor Afontevorde are
at Eox’s American Varieties, Philadelphia.
Lawrence Barrett opened at the Opera
House, Terre Haute, Indiana, on the 30th, for three
nights. “Rosedale” was the first play.
Mr. Charles Matthews opened at the Opera-
House, Pittsburgh, on Monday evening, in Used-Up”
and If I had a thousand a year.”
Harry Stanwood, late of Newcomb and Ar
lington’s Minstrels, is at the Eleventh street Opera-
House, Philadelphia.
Madame Janausehek, with her New York
company, opens at the Opera-House, Pittsburgh, to
morrow evening.
Mr. -Pennington, the would-be champion
tragedian, is playing in King John” at the Royal Al
fred Theatre.
Miss Lucille Western, accompanied by Mr.
J. A. Hearne, is at the Walnut street Theatre, Phila
delphia.
Blind Tom, it is said, clears more money
from bis concerts than any other man or woman travel
ing.
Mrs. Scott Siddons has just concluded highly
successful engagements in Dublin and Belfast, Ireland.
Shakspere’s Tempest” is having a splendid
run at the New Queen’s Theatre, Longacre, London.
“Eileen Oge” is shortly to be produced at
Airs. Drew s Arch street Theatre, Philadelphia.
Aline Le Favre, the male impersonator, is at
the New. Bella Union theatre, San Francisco.
T. G. Riggs is playing in Shin Fane” at the
Fifth Avenue Opera House, Pittsburgh.
Johnny Tuers is a great favorite at tho new
Theatre Comique, San Francisco.
Mr. John McCullough has concluded a suc
cessful engagement in Virginia.
Mr. and Mrs. N. C. Forrester are at the New
Opera-House, Utica.
A theatre has been opened at Portland,
Oregon. n iimm m
HUMORyTTHEJOLICE.
Van Wart’s Wasjsy Complaint-Capt, Cam
eron tried for Protesting Alexis—Written
Down an Ass —Talking to a Female in an
Alley—Caugiit in a Bar-room—Strange
Conduct of an Officer —A Very Dear
Drunk—ln the Shipping Business.
The arrival of the Grand Duke and his reception
passed with very little cause for complaint against
tho police, and. those made hardly deserved tp be en
tertained. The complaint against
CAPTAIN BURDEN
belonged to that class. Air. Vau Wait, a member of
the Committee of Reception, had his family on the
grand stand at Union square. They had front seats,
and a number of men climbed up and seated them
selves in disagraeabls proximity to the noses of tha
ladies. Air. Van Wart resolved himself into a com
mittee of one, and went in search of Captain Burden,
and told him of the invasion of the “roughs.” But
as he did so, he accompanied it with an insult, tell
ing him that it was bad enough to have the front
seats occupied with policemen’s families, without
being subjected to this additional insult. There is
oiten more in the manner than the matter spoken,
and from tho manner and tone, the inference was
that a policeman could not be a gentleman. Captain
Burden, insulted in this way, without cause, very’
naturally retorted that he, Van Wart, was no gentle
man. For speaking tho truth, Air. Van Wart made
complaint against Captain Burden to prove that he
was a gentleman. The result of the trial ended in
neither proving that he was or was not a gentleman,
as that was not admissablo evidence. The Captain
was tried for using this language, and was repri
manded. A policeman, if insulted in this manner,
must not lose his dignity, and lower himself to tha
standard of the man who, for the moment, forgets
himself.
CAPTAIN CAMERON’S TRIAL
involves some important questions. A man’s house
is presumed to be his castle, and it is. Nobody has
a right to invade it without due process of law. This
Caifiain Cameron did, but the circumstances attend
ing his arbitrary act Justified him in domg what he
did. When tha visit of tbe Grand Duke Alexis to
the United States was contemplated, tha Russian
Minister, Catacazy, was communicated with aud
asked if there was any probability of danger from
the Polish element in this country. Mr. Catacazy,
of course, could give no opinion on the subject, but
to inform himself he employed Pinkerton’s National
Detective Agency to sift the matter thoroughly. As
soon as the case was given to Air. Davis, the New
York superintendent of the agency, he set his
“shadows” to work, and for throe months prior to
the arrival of the Grand Duke, these detectives have
been working, walking, boarding with, and attend
ing the meetings of the Poles, and thus they ob
tained their fullest confidence and information of
their intentions. Possibly they had knowledge that
some zealot, like another Orsini, had volunteered to
take the life of the Prince. If such was the case, a
better opportunity could not have been found than
that afforded the assassin by Air. Henry Schroeder,
on the night of the serenade to the Duke. Ho let his
stoop out to spectators at a dollar a head. Ills stoop
and the balcony of the Clarendon Hotel join each,
other, and where the Grand Duke was to stand a
knife could reach him from the stoop of Air. Schroe
der’s house. The Duke and Mr.Catacazy, having full
faith in the reports in their possession, told Captain
Cameron of their fears, and he at once ordered the
stoop cleared. When Mr. Schroeder was ordered in
the house, he made the very singular remark to the
captain:
“Do you think I want to kill the Duke
Nobody up to that time knew that detectives had
been employed by him, and that he had fears of as
sassination. It was a peculiar position to be iilaced
in. Had the Duke been assassinated, or the attempt
been made, and Captain Cameron m possession of
this information, and had he remained passive, what
would have been tbe verdict of the community?
The case was dismissed by the Commissioners.
WRITTEN DOWN AN ASS.
A curious charge was preferred against Acting-Ser
geant Suttie, of the Twentieth Precinct, by Sergeant
Glenney, of the Ninth. It is proper to state that when
dead animals are found on the west side of the city,
the facts are telegraphed to the Twentieth Precinct.
Glenney telegraped to the Twentieth that there was
a dead horse at No. 81 Horatio street. Suttie ordered
the message to be repeated, and it came back as be
fore, and gave his initials, G. L. S. (Suttie). He
then shut the machine and went to the desk, when
Glenney was astonished to receive the following:
Great sweat about that horse (a long pause) just
like an ass.”
This was too much, and Glenney asked who sent
that message, writing him down an ass. G. L. S.”
(Suttie) came over tho wire. Glenney made a faith
ful record of himself, and brought his big blotter
down to headquarters, to show he wasn’t an ass.
But the testimony rather proved it. Suttie proved
he did not send the message, nor di.l it come frbm
that station-house. It was shown that it could come
from eight other station-houses. No doubt s.-me
sergeant or captain, feeling like joking, caught the
message, communication, and wrote Glen
noy an ass. He could not sec the joke, and is yet in
search of its father.
CAUGHT IN A BAR-ROOM.
Four officers Barry, Rodgers, Harte, and Travis,
of the Sixteenth Precinct, were all caugiit at half
past twe.ve in the morning, m tho oar-room of the
Utah House, by Captain Kihilea. Ono of tho officers
had for a post Twenty-fifth street, another Eighth
avenue, a tnird had Twenty-fourth street, and the
other Twenty-third street. Ono was a block off,
another was two blocks off post, but the Utah House
was on the post of tho two other officers. The cap
tain wat riding up in a car, and saw four officers
standing in front of the Utah House. He got oil ihe
car at the next corner, and walked down to see what
had brought so many men together. When ho got to
the Utah House no officers were there. Entering
the Utah he found the four officers standing by the
bar. They gave no excuse for being in the place.
Barry said at the trial that standing at Ninth avonuo
ho heard a rap and answered it. and met Travis and
tho two other officers; they went in, and he after
them, supposing tney ware going in on police duty.
Travis said ha saw a mus a man knocked down,
when he rapped, and this brought tho other officers.
One of tho ass-ilanls west in the Utah Houso, and
t..ey wont in after him. Harte and lioJgers said
they answered the call, and went to the house with
Trims. It was a rather mixed up defence, but was
tua beat under tha circumstances.
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
STRANGE CONDUCT OF AN OFFICER.
Frederick Buher, baker, residing at No. 3GI Madi
son street, was at work about ten o’clock in tho
evening. He left the store- to go to the bake-house
below, and wliile there he heard the door above
open. He went up and found a fellow behind tho
counter at the till. He grabbed him, but an asso
ciate came in and struggled to get him released.
They fought into the street,.rolling for over fifteen
the baker in the gutter, but he would notro
lax his grip. At last, at his- call. Officer Hodges
came, who separated them, and told the baker to go
into the house, and sent the thieves about their busi
ness. Ha swears, and eo do two witnesses, that the
men had attempted to rob him. He says the baker
never said a word. Hodges brought an officer up to
prove that he told him he had lost nothing. Buher
admitted that. He said that if ha had told anybody
in that neighborhood that he had. been robbed, they
would have laughed at him. Tn- hundred people
witnessed his struggle with the thieves, and stood,
quiet lookers-on, enjoying it as fun, not one offering
to give him any assistance.
The case was referred.
GILLESPIE’S TALKING PROPENSITIES.
Gillespie, of the Second Precinct, was charged by
Roundsman Kelly with talking six minutes to a wo
man in an alley; after that, he left, and came back,
and was ten minutes again with the woman in the
alley. Gillespie denied the charge,. The first six
minutes he swore that he was in the alley alone;
when he came back, all he said to the woman was:
“What are you doing there?” She stood inside, he
remained outside. Kelly swore most .emphatically
that the officer was twice in the alley with the woman
the time specified, and added: “I spoke of this
affair to Sergeants Knight and Blair, I asked both
of the sergeants if they ever knew this man to keep
company with women when on post. I told them I
bad seen him talking to women. I asked if it was
possible that his wife or relatives came to see him.”
The case was referred.
HIS LAST DRUNK.
Gallagher was charged with taking a glass of liquor
while on patrol duty. Sergeant Rork stood across
the street and saw Gallagher in the doorway of a
liquor saloon. A glass was handed to him through
a holo in the door; Gallagher fiuishecV ll and handed
it back to the hand, which disappeared. It must
have been pretty hard stuff, as the .sergeant smelt it
as soon as he came up. Gallagher’s defense was
that Rork could not specify the sort of liquor he
drank. He thought the specificator should set forth
gin, whisky, or whatever it was. Rork said he could
not toll by the smell whether it was gin, whisky or
brandy. All that he could swear to was that it was
liquor of some kind. Gallagher swore he had. not
been in the habit of drinking in over a year. Tho
Commissioners did not believe him, when they dis
missed him from the
IN THE SHIPPING BUSINESS.
Tho charge-against Carson, of the Eighteenth Pre
cinct, was being found sitting down in the forecas
tle of a ship when he should have baen patrolling
his post.. Roundsman Schultz was walking the
string-piece when he heard the voice of Carson, and
went down into tho forecastle and found him sitting.
Carson said that one of the sailor’s told him that he
had lost a pair of pantaloons, and that they had tried
to break in to his chest. He went below at the re
quest of the sailor, aud was stooping down to see
the mark oi the “jimmy,” when the roundsman en
tered and supposed that he was sitting. Case re
ferred.
©own.
Thanksgiving Day was celebrated
with great eclat at the'famous hostelrie of Air. James
Nolan, known as the “Woodbine,” corner of Sixth
avenue and Thirteenth street. The manner in which
chops, steaks and game of all kinds is served up at
this establishment is such as to make every day of
the year a thanksgiving day.
The display of jewelry and pre
cious stones at the Brooklyn Navy Yard Ball, on
Thursday evening last, was really splendid. Alost of
it was purchased at the store of Mr. S. J. Delan, No
357 Grand street, and that gentleman is likely to have
a great demand for wedding rings in consequence.
There are but few establishments
that, for the purchase of the most elegant and suit
able style of head-dress, can be at all compared to
Knox’s famous hat emporium, at No. 212 Broadway.
If you would appear to the best advantage, under any
circumstances, you can only do so through the medi
um of Knox’s ornamental head work.
Any sensible gentleman who won Id
provide himself with a suitable outfit on the most
advantageous terms, should lose no time in proceed
ing to the popular establishment of Messrs. J. M.
Vahian Sons, gentlemen’s outfitters, Nos. 70 and
72 Bowery, where everything furnished is neat,
durable, and good. Gentlemen’s clothing in all
cloths and makes.
It is asserted on good authority
that the Grand Duke Alexis paid a visit incog, to
Habby Hill’s Concert Saloon, No. 26 East Houston
street, the other evening, and that during a dance
he was heard to exclaim, in choice Russian, “this is
bully.”
There is nothing more essential
to children than good healthful exercise, such as may
be had by carriage airing or velocipede practice.
Messrs. Crandall Co., No. 562 Third avenue,
have a choice collection of excellent toy horses, and
child’s carriages and velocipedes always on hand.
In purchasing boys’ clothing, the
utmost care should be taken to procure goods that
will resist wear for the longest possible time. Mr. D.
Shea, No. 437 Broome street, prides himself on the
fact that the boys’ clothing furnished at his store
outlasts any other in the city.
Bell Schnapps.—The unprecedent
ed demand that our celebrated Bell Schapps is
meeting with throughout the country, induces us to
state that it is pronounced by physicians and mer
chants to be the purest and most reliable article of
Schnapps imported from Holland. Dealers who will
compare our Schnapps with others in the market,
will find them in every way superior. H. G. Wolfe
Co., No. 18 South William street, Sole Importers.
Ladies, Beware! —A foolish young
man in Berlin, Vermont, has repudiated his wife
(see Tribune, Nov. 30). One reasan assigned was,
she had discolored teeth. If he had presented her
with a bottle of Thurston’s Ivory Pearl Tooth
Powder she would soon have had beautiful white
teeth. That trouble would have been ended, and,
perhaps, instead of mutual dissatisfaction and sep
aration, they might have lived happily together, and
ho have secured her lasting gratitude and affection.
Thurston’s Tooth Powder is sold hy all druggists.
Price, 25 and 50 cents. Wholesale agents, F. C.
Wells Co., No. 192 Fulton street, N. Y.
Thousands are now daily visiting
the Great Original Dollar Store, No. 667 Broadway,
for the purpose of having the first selection from
their immense and most wonderful stock of all kinds
of Holiday Goods. Even, now, almost four weeks
before Christmas, it is next to impossible to pass
through their large establishment, so great is the
rush for the first choice of the elegant goods that are
sold for One Dollar. There are many articles pur
chased at the Dollar Store, that cost in other places
five or six dollars each.
We would advise those wishing to purchase pres
ents for the Holidays, to call at once at the Dollar
Store, for two reasons:
Ist. The sooner they call, the more time and larger
stock they will have to select from,
2d. From present appearance, la a few days, it will
boa day’s work to pass through the store.
The proprietors of the place will agree to send
home all goods that are purchased before Dec. 20th,
on the day that they are bought.
Holiday Hats and Furs of the very
best kinds are selling at Dougan’s, No. 102 Nassau
street, at prices below the cost. Dougan’s celebrity
is fast reaching to all parts of the earth. The King
of the Sandwich Islands wears one of his hats.
Small-Pox Bromo-Chlobalum.—
The New Non-Poisonous Disinfectant.—Dr. An
sley, of Pa, says: “I have used the Bromo-Chloralum
in disinfecting the rooms of Small-Pox patients. It
answered a most admirable purpose, and materially
prevented the spread of the disease. Its effects were so
marked as to excite the surprise and admiration of
the relatives who witnessed its use. The loathsome
emanations from the patients were so far controlled
as to render the task of nursing comparatively
easy.” Beware of poisonous disinfectants in this
disease. See Pamphlets.
Sold by all druggist. Prepared only by Tilden
Co., No. 176 William street, New York,
Messrs. Taylor Co., bankers, No.
16 Wall street, have received the tickets for the ex
traordinary drawing of the Royal Havana Lottery,
which takes place on the 20th of December. There
are three Grand Prizes in the coming drawing. Tho
first is $200,000; the second, $100,000; and the third,
$50,000. This is indeed a rare inducement for those
of a speculative turn, as the lottery is not only fairly
conducted, but is an institution belonging to the
Spanish Government, and is drawn under the super
vision of a Government commission.
At Fleming’s, Manufacturing Fur
rier, Mink s-.-ts, $22; Astrakan sots, sl2; Alaska sets,
sl2; Children's sets, $1 50 to $5; Children’s fur and
fur-trimmed caps.
Fleming, Manufacturer, No. 146 Fulton st.
Highway Bobbery.—Officer Hays,
of the Hoboken police, reports that about eleven
o’clock on Friday night, a gentleman (whose name
he neglected to ascertain) residing at tha corner of
Tenth avenue and Ninth street, while waiting for a
car in front of Roman’s Cottage, Weehawken, was
I at.acted by two highwaymen, knocked down, and
robbed ot a gold watch and chain, valued at SIOO,
aud about fire dollars in money.
Oy mid >ubuvH
BAILER7S OU© BttYS.
A DINNER AND JOLLIFICATION—PLEASANT
REMINISCENCES OF PAST DAYS—THE "OLD
BOYS’* HAVE A GLORIOUS TIME.
Among the many happy occurrences of our
Thanksgiving time, there was none more pleasant
and cheerful than the supper given by the ,e -Peter
Bakcr*& Old Boys” on Wednesday night, Thanks
giving Eve, at the popular restaurant of Louis Heck
man, No. 122 William street. Some thirty years ago
the up town dweller on the “East side” might have
seen a small cigar store in Grand street, near
Orchard. It possessed no> great attraction to the
passer-by being in nowise fitted rap in any style
of magnificence, yet every night and Sunday after
noon could be seen there a large congregation of
LAUGHING, CHATTING YOUNG MEN,
who seemed to delight in the pleasant associations
to be found there. This was Peter Baker’s cigar
store, and good, kind-hearted old fellow as he was
then, he looked upon all of his customers with the
paternal affection of a father, and young or old were
all his boys.” Many a happy hour was-spent in that
little cigar store, and many an acquaintance formed
there riped into warm and lasting friendship.
At length some familiar face was missed, another
and then another was gone, and new ones supplied
their places. The old chain of friendship and love
by degrees was broken, and nought was left for
those who still clung to the old trysting tflace, but
the memories of past years and the shattered hopes
of passing life. Inspired by ambition and the zeal
that frequently actuates the young heart, many of
the “boys” launched boldly out into the broad
avenues of the world, engaging in various pursuits
and occupations, of a lucrative character, and by
hard industry and honest purpose, won for them
selves golden fortunes,, to bless them, in the deolin
ing»<ears of life.
A promiscuous meeting happening a month or so
ago between a few of them, it was suggested to have
A REUNION OF THE OLD FELLERS.
As many of them had turned their fifties, and are
slowly drifting down the stream of life to the cheer
less returns of old age, it was though it would be so
pleasant to grasp each others hand again and to talk
of ancient times. Accordingly Louis Heckman was
applied to to got up some “soft fodder,” in the way of
a supper for the old gentlemen, and upon the night
of the feast some thirty sat down to the table with
the venerable Pater, who has attained his eighty
sixth year, seated on the right hand of Uncle Tom
Howe, President of the P. B. O. B’s, who has not
quite reached his half a hundred. The supper was
a splendid affair, and gotten up in Heckmans best
style, especially the canvas backs and boned turkeys,
and the way
THE OLD CHAPS MASTICATED
the salads with their porcelain teeth was lovely to
behold. After the cloth was removed the fun began
to simmer, and Nat Park bubbled over with elo
quence. He had so much to tell of old times when
a quarter was a royal stake to have, and a “saw
buck” a princely fortune. There were no million
ares in those times, insisted Parks, and no “rings”
or politicians. He was very eloquent on times a
hundred years ago, when Noah built his ark, and
laid in a stock of Guanaco parsols for the rainy sea
son. One of the ancient travelers sang an original
song of “years so long ago” that made the old fel
lows specs blpr up considerably and filled their cot
ton swipes with moisture. Doc Parise told the
match story, and aged Ned Hennessy laid his
FALSE TEETH IN A DINNER
plate, and plaintively warbled the touching refrain of
The Little Church Around the Corner.” Ned be
longs to it. Jack Parks, who strongly resembles
“Corneil” Vanderbilt, delighted the company with
his school day reminiscences, and how his education
was finished, as he rotated out of the “sand class.”
Bill Palmar, the man who built the first frame house
in Stag Town, gave a brilliant dissertation on clear
stuff. Captain Stout Robertson stroked his military
whiskers, and smiled benignly on the bald heads.
Sam Stevens, the man at the wheel,” electrified
the company with his adventures with the Hard
Scrabble Patriots, and Lonz Slote, whom everybody
knows is no young chicken, excited the warm blood
of Uncle Tom Howe, as he adverted to the old
vamps,” and the days of the Volunteer Department.
Bill Brinkerhoff looked much younger than Methu
sala, and he is too, and Billy Walters recited his trip
to Albany, when he was
A GAY AND A FESTIVE YOUTH,
and had a good head of hair. Charley Kfing hoppe d
about as gaily on his stiff pins as a robin on a rose
bush, and was as happy and lively as a lobster in
a pot of hot croton.
Among the others there were Dan Slote, Harry and
Sam Ransom, the handsome George Giffin, Billy
Gover, Charley Howe, Jim Howe, Harry Howe, Hor
ace Ingersoll, Billy Van Duser, George C. Fisher,
George May, Dan Moore, Chris Schwab, as jolly as a
clam in a freshet, and Ned Brower, serene and silent.
Upon the whole the gathering of Peter Baker’s old
boys was the happiest that can bo imagined. The
night was whiled away with pleasant stories and side
splitting jokes, and many a merry song and cheerful
melody filled the fleering hours with rapturous de
light. It was far into the "wee sma’ hours ”of the
morning before the company separated, and many a
moistened eye was there as the old boys,*’ clasping
each others’ hands, and with solemn voices sang
Auld Lang Syne,” and pledged each other, if Prov
idence should spare them, to meet again a year from
hence, and to spend another happy night in each
other’s society. Success to the P. B. 0. B.’s.
THE WAR ON CORRUPTION.
CONNOLLY’S CONFESSION—NOTHING DEFIN
ITE YET—FOUR PROMINET PARTIES SAID
TO BE IN A FAIR WAY FOR ARREST.
The announcement in the Tribune that Richard B.
Connolly had become utterly broken in spirit by his
confinement and had made a full confession to
Charles O’Connor and others of the counsel of the
Committee of Seventy, created an intense sensation
throughout the city. The counsel declared that they
knew nothing of the matter, and had no information
to give. Connolly was visited by a number of his
friends during the day, but refused to see any repre
sentatives of the Press. He said he had no informa
tion to give, and decaned being interviewed to fur
nish food for sensational papers. He seems much
worn and depressed.
CONNOLLY BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
It is said that Coifiiolly was before the Grand Jury
on Friday and Saturday, and made revelations suffi
cient to criminate a number of politicians, some of
whom, including Garvey and Ingersol, have taken
the alarm and fled. The details of this alleged tes
timony are kept very quiet, only vague rumors being
given out by those who are supposed to be conver
sant with the true condition of the case.
THE OUTGOING STEAMERS WATCHED.
So convinced were the Committee of Seventy that
some of the municipal thieves would attempt to
get away, that they had detectives engaged to watch
the outgoing steamers. It is now no secret that
certain of. the more prominent Tammany officials
and thieves are closely shadowed, and every move
ment noted, in order that any flight may be known,
and the would-be fugitive arrested. Like rats in a
trap the thieves find, whichever way they turn,
there is no escape.
PROMINENT THIEVES TO BE ARRESTED.
It is confidently asserted that, in consequence
of the new evidence obtained by the Grand Jury,
warrants have been issued for the arrest of four
very prominent Ring thieves, and among these are
two who now hold office. Whether this is true or
not, Monday will probably determine.
AN ABSURD RUMOR.
It was confidently asserted yesterday by certain
of the relics of the Ring dynasty that complaint
had been made by interested parties before a Ring
judge, against certain of the Committee of Seventy,
on the ground of conspiracy, and that warrants for
the arrest of the parties complained of had been
issued. It is probably nothing more than’ a sensa
tional rumor.
Not Murdered by His Wife.—The
investigation into the circumstances connected with
the death of John Daly, the Irish laborer, who was
alleged to have died from a blow on the head with a
hatchet, inflicted by his wife, Catharine, during a
drunken row in their apartment at No. 368 West
Fifty-third street, was concluded yesterday by Coro
ner Herrmann. The wife of the deceased stated that
ho was in the habit of getting drunk and beating her
outrageously. On the day in question he was drunk,
and after some words had passed between them, he
caught up a knife, and attempted to stab her. She
threw up her hand, and received a severe cut. She
then caught up a hatchet that lay near, and with- it
dealt her husband a blow on the side of the head,
causing a slight scalp wound. The post-mortem
examination showed that death resulted from fatty
degeneration of the heart and liver, and not from the
injury to the head. Mrs. Daly was accordingly dis
charged from custody.
Thieves’ Dfpot—Several Thousand
Dollars Worth of Goods Recovered.—on Friday,
while some carpenters were engaged repairing the
float at ths Jersey City Ferry, they came across some*
packages of goods secreted on the string pieces.
Further search yesterday resulted in the finding of
other packages of valuable goods, mostly imported,
and valued at several thousand dollars. Three weeks
ago one of the cars of tho Union Freight Company
was broken open and robbed of forty-two boxes of
tea. Yesterday, while Officer Bowe was prosecuting
his researches, he discovered two empty tea boxaa
and the lead lining of twelve others, which were
identified as having been stolen from the oar of the
Union Freight Company-
AN ALLEGED CONSPIRACY.
A Police Justice and Police Offi
cer Implicated.
They are Charged with Practicing
on an Insane Man.
They Arrest His Wife for Defend
ing Her Bights.
They Abduct the Husband.
An extraordinary trial will come up before the
Commissioners of Police tomorrow, the alleged
facts of which are as follows:
A Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds, residing in Brooklyn,
had, by hard work, accumulated enough to buy a
house and save a few dollars beside. Mr. Reynolds
went to the war during the rebellion, and lost
health, fatally injured a good constitution, and
worst of all, lost his reason. On his arrival home
he became a sort of dotard, and was placed in a lu
natic asylum, but recovering, was taken home again.
During the past year he has been sane and insane at
different times; but at his last sickness, when he
feared death, a priest was called in and his will was
made. In it ho gave all his property to his wife and
daughter, an apparently intelligent girl of about tho
age of seventeen. Recently, in one of Mr. Reynold’s
travels abroad, he met and brought Officer Lyons,
of the Fourteenth Precinct, to the house, and
INTRODUCED LYONS AS HIS COUSIN.
This was a surprise to Mrs. Reynolds. Sne had
been married eighteen years, and never a cousin
she knew her husband to have,. Policeman Lyons
made frequent visits to tho sick man, Reynolds, and
was always well received. But one day Lyons and
Justice Lynch and a Brooklyn shyster lawyer en
tered tho sick man’s room, and asked him to put his
name to a piece of written paper which they had
brought with them. Mrs. Reynolds, believing that
there was
SOMETHING WRONG INTENDED,
.drove Justice Lynch, Policeman Lyons, and the
shyster lawyer from the house. Mr. Reynolds, sick
abed and bereft of reason, was a passive ss well as
an imbecile observer.
.Shortly after what has been described, Policeman
Lyons, the said-to-be cousin of Reynolds, drove up
to the door of Mrs. Reynolds’, and entered the
house. He carried a fountain pen, with which he
asked Mr. Reynolds to sign a prepared document.
Mrs. Reynolds would not let her husband do it
Lyons undertook to carry out the imbecile, but the
wife held on to him, and the conspirators left, went
before Judge Lynch, and there Officer Lyons swore
out a warrant against Mrs. Reynolds, for assault and
battery against her husband. An officer from Jus
tice Lynch’s court came and arrested Mrs. Reynolds,
took her to court, where she was detained half an
hour and discharged.. On returning to her home,
she found that
HER HUSBAND HAD BEEN ABDUCTED.
If such are the facts, and they have been so repre
sented to Inspector Dilks, at headquarters, was there
ever a clearer case of conspiracy than this, or one
which should more certainly consign an officer and a
police justice to the State Prison. If the facts alleged
are proven, the result will be that at the conclusion of
the trial the Board will order the policeman into
custody, and instruct the wife to commence proceed
ings against the Police Justice.
Lyons says that he did abduct the husband,.but he
took him away from his wife because she. abused
him. Very well, admitting that he did this with a
good purpose, how about Police Justice Lynch going
to the house with a prepared document for the de
mented man to sign How about Justice Lynch
granting a warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Reynolds
for an assault on her husband? How about the ab
duction of her husband, while she is held in duress
All this, and much more, must come out on the trial
to-morrow. It seems to us that such a case as this
should go immediately before the Grand Jury.
Lyons, who says he has the imbecile husband in his
keeping, must put the lunatic on the stand, if he
would save his position in the police department,
and even then he may make a clear case against
himself. It is understood that this case will be heard
by Judge Bosworth, who will give it a full, fair, and
impartial hearing.
OVER IN JERSEY.
A NEW YORK THIEF CAPTURED IN NEWARK.
A few days ago a well-dressed gentlemanly-ap
pearing young man, called at the residence of a
person in Newark, who had advertised rooms to let.
He was shown through the house, and professed to
be much pleased with and engaged one of the rooms.
Ho then asked the lady to give him a glass of
water. She stepped down to the batement to pro
cure it, and in her temporary absence the visitor
hastily rummaged tho room, secured whatever
jewelry and money he could find, and seizing some
dresses, made them into a bundle, and decamped.
On her return to the room, tho woman missing her
visitor made a hasty examination, and discovered
the theft. With a wit that not one person in a thou
sand possesses, she divined that the rascal would
make for the railroad depot, in the endeavor to
leave the city. She at once went to the depot, and in
a train, just ready to start to New York, she found
the rascal, and with him her property. She caused
his arrest. The rascal gave the name of John
Roberts. He has, however, a dozen or more aliases.
He will have an opportunity to test New Jersey
justice. This rascal last Summer did an extensive
business in stealing from houses in this city. There
are twenty or more complaints against him at the
Police Headquarters. Among others who suffered
from his depredations is A. W. Orr, of the Evening
Post, who lost between S2OO and S3OO worth of
jewelry and clothing. Roberts likeness graces the
album at Police Headquarters.
MURDEROUS AFFRAY.
A MAN’S HEAD SHOCKINGLY MANGLED IN A
BAR-ROOM FIGHT.
A serious row occurred early yesterday in the bar
room of Allerton’s Hotel, at the corner of Forty-first
street and Eleventh avenue, between Jeremiah Hor
rigan, of No. 412 West Twenty-fifth street, and Wm.
Aikins. Both men werejintoxicated, and quarreled
over some trifling matter. Horrigan struck Aikins in
the face, and the latter then produced a billy, and
with it dealt Horrigan a number of heavy blows on
the head, inflicting very serious scalp wounds, and
possibly fracturing the skull. Aikins then fled, and
for the time being escaped. Horrigan’a wounds were
dressed at the West Forty-seventh street police sta
tion by Police Surgeon Raborg, and he was then
taken home. Search was at once made for Aikins.
He was found at half-past two o’clock A. M., by the
officers, and locked up. Yesterday, Justice Coulter,
at thef Fifty-seventh street Police Court, committed
him to await a trial.
BURGUARX IN UNION SQUARE.
$5,000 WORTH OF SILKS AND LACES STOLEN.
A party of burglars, on Thanksgiving night, en
tered the coal hole in the wall in front of the store
of Le Boutillier Bros., No. 14 East Fourteenth street,
ascended to the store on the first floor, and after
packing up $5,000 worth of fine silks and laces, de*
camped with the plunder, and got safely away. They
left by the front door, having packed their booty
into small packages, in such away as to not excite
observation. The fact of the burglary was not dis
covered until the following morning, and has since
been kept quiet by tho police, who have thus far
discovered no trace of the thieves. The firm offers
a reward of SSOO for tho recovery of the goods.
Small Pox on the Decrease.—ln
spite of the protestations of Dr. Moreau Morris, City
Sanitary Inspector of tho Board of Health, that wo
are on tho ovo of a terrible epidemic of small pox,
tho disease has steadily decreased for tho past two
weeks. For tho week ending November 18 th there
were forty-threo cases; for November 25th, forty
one, and for the week ending at noon yesterday,
thirty-eight cases, a marked decrease. During the
past week there have been ten deaths. There is no
cause for a panic, or even serious alarm, provided
tho public will only pay proper attention to vaccina
tion.
Arrest of a Dishonest Collector.
—Charles Platt, lato collector and bookkeeper in the
employ of E. C. Robinson, manufacturer of. chairs
and furniture, in West Twenty-seventh street, was
arrested by Detective Riley, on the charge of having
collected and (appropriated the sum of SI,OOO be
longing to his employer. What he did with the
money is not stated, but it is believed that he has
squandered it on gaming or on loose women. He
was yesterday afternoon taken before Justice Cox,
and committed to await a trial.
Two Suicides and Two Wives Each.
—There is a singular coincidence connected with
two suicides in Jersey City, the past week. Henry
Giblin, proprietor of a liquor store at No. 70 Cort
land t street, New York, who killed himself by jump
ing out of a three-story window, had a wife residing
in Scranton, Pa., and another at No. 151 Jersey ave
nue, Jersey City, where he lived. Horatio Dalton, a
Hudson City car-conductor, who committed suicide
on Friday—on a third attempt—by taking poison,
had also two wives, one living in Bergen.
Stabbed by an Unknown Man.—
Peter Quigley, aged 29 years, early yesterday became
engaged ia a row with an unknown man, at the
corner ot Grand and Centre streets, and during the
affray tho stranger stabbed him in tho left arm,
causing a sovoixx wound. Tho assailant then fled
and escaped* Quigley proceeded to the Spring street
police stjifon, had. his wound and wan then
sen's Boilovna Hospital..
COIJRT GET SPEC! A& SESSIONS,-
POCKETPICKING IN A CHURCH—A LONG SEN
TENCE—A DISHONEST DOMESTIC, &c-
Justice Sbandloy presided alone yesterday, and
disposed of the following cases:-'
POCKETPICKING.
John Mulsonch, a red-chokered, brandy-faced in
dividual, was arraigned on a charge of picking pock
ets in St. Patrick’s Cathedral, during a funeral sarv
ice there. The witness was Detective Farley, who
testified that ho saw tho accused approach some un
known lady of the congregation, fumble with hoc
dreßS x and insinuate his hand into hor pockets, but
as to whether ho took anything cr not, he could not
avouch.. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sen
tenced to tho Penitentiary for one year.,
MARY ANN BRADY
is a pretty, rosy-cheeked girl, and- has lately been
employed at No. 79 Green street as- a general housa
worker. She was dissatisfied with her wages lately*
and with* a view to making amends therefor, got
away with several bottles of claret, a jar of peaches,
&o. The theft was discovered scon after it was
committed,, and Mary Ann was accused.. She plead
ed guilty,, and asked to be forgiven,,but tho madara
was inexorable.
What have you got to say, Mary, Ann said hia
Honor.
“Your honor, I’m a dacent girl, andniver was in
coort afore* I was six years a servant with Professor
Mike Norton, God be good to him 1 ami he can giva
a good caracter of me.”
She was remanded for sentence.
A PETTICOAT LARCENY.
Anne Baldwin, a lean, tall specimen of a woman,
was chaj’ged with stealing a number of petticoats
and skirts, tho property of Kate Crulty. Anue said
she was a married woman, and tho mother ot two
“slips ”'of children.
“How did you come to be at the Pacific Hotel
inquired his Honor.
Welk sir, to tell yon the truth*. I don’t know. 1
was drinking in a place on the corner of Seventeenth
street and. Third avenue, and I met a young fellow
there who asked me to have some oysters. I didn’t
say no, but wont along and had some. He then per
suaded. me to come and keep him company at the
PacifioHote’. I had compassion.on him, and wont.
Next morning I was accused of this stealing. I’m a
good woman, sir; and there’s a gentleman,” point
ing to-Mr, Johnson, the clerk, -as knows me well.’*
(Great laughter.)
A policeman testified that the stolon property was
found on Mrs. Baldwin’s person when arrested She
got three months.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Wm, Green, A colored man, sentenced the Peni
tentiary for five months for sneak-thieving.
Wm..McGuinness and Dick McManus (boys) were
sent to tho school-ship for- stealing a drug-carpet
from the premises, No. 396 West Twenty-sixth street,
“A Divorce Drama.” —ln last
week’s Dispatch wo published the ez-parfe state
ments in a divorce case,, under the above heading.
A suspension of public opinion is request::d until
the trial takes place, when we shall publish the facta
as elicited in evidence. The lady named (Mrs,. Car
penter) as a party tor the divorce suit, and her
mother (Mrs. Van Zandt) are confident of tho ability
to disprove everything set forth in the affidavits oi
Mr. Carpenter. Dr. Cahn, whose name has bean
brought into the suit by Mr. Carpenter, threatens to
sue that gentleman for slander, and, also, to prefer
charges against him in tho Masonic lodgo of which
he is a member. We have no knowledge as to which
side the wrong is on, but, in the old formula of tho
trial by batjje,” wo say, “God defend the right.”
Minor Items.—A fire occurred yes.-
terday in the frame building, No. 117 West Thirty
fifth street, occupied by Wm. Marshall, as a carpen
ter shop. The building and stock are damaged
S2OO.
Lippincott’s dining-room, at No. 48 Broadway, was
damaged SIOO by fire yesterdiy, caused by some hot
ashes setting fire to ihe counter.
Arrests for the week by the police of this city,
1,594.
Wm. Hall, of No. 11 Monroe street, employed a!
No. 75 Fulton street, yesterday had his left hand
crushed in a printing press. Ho was conveyed to
the Park Hospital,
During tho past wook there havo boon in this city
187 marriages, 393 births, 42 stillborn, and 427
deaths.
Sudden Death of' a Well-Known
Physician. —Dr. Augustus Booraem, aged forty-seven
years, one of tho best known physic’ans on the west
side, died suddenly yesterday of disease of the heart,
at his residence, No. 33 West Forty-third street,
W IPS Jtaw.
The past week was prolific in tho way of balls, n j
less than two having been gotten up for the especial
delectation of tho Grand Duke Alexis. Such affairs,
however, as those at tho Brooklyn Navy Yard and
the Academy of Music, are more for show tha’n com
fort. 01 tho
BALLS WHICH HAVE TAKEN PLACE,
the principal were the
N. Y. YOUNG MEN’S ROMAN CATHOLIC BENEV
OLENT ASSOCIATION,
As predicted in our columns, the annual ball of
this excellent association was a grand success. It
took place at Irving Hall, on Tuesday evening, and
was very well attended. Doubtless the Alexis Dall
in Brooklyn took away a largo number of those who
would otherwise have been present; and so far as
tho benevolent objects of the association arc con
cerned, it was to be regretted tho two affairs
clashed. There wore ’quite" as many persons pres
ent to make tho affair not only enjoyable, in a social
point of view, but thoroughly comfortable for the
dancers. Tho arrangments wore all made with a
view to conduce as much as possible to the comfort
of the guests, and in this respect the officers of the
various committees have eveey reason to congratu*
late themselves.
PARK LODGE, NO. 516, F. AND A. M.
The annual ball of this lodge took place at Adelphi
Hall on Wednesday las and completely fulfilled the
warmest anticipations of the friends and members
of tho lodgo. There was a large attendance or lovely
ladies and gallant gentlemen, and all went merry as
tho proverbial marriage boll. Dancing was treoly
indulged m by nearly all who woro present, and it
was not until a late hour that the festivities ceasod-
The following is a list of
BALLS TO TAKE PLACE.
Deo. 4—New York Letter Carriers, at Apollo Halt
Dec. 4—Wiona Social, at Military Hall.
Dec. 6—Barton Lodgo, No. 3, K. P., at Apollo Hall.
Dec. 6—Young Men’s Temperanco Association, No. 8,
at Military Hall.
Dec. 7—Trenor Coterie, nt Apollo Hall.
Dec. 7—Bannan Association, at Military Hall.
Doc. 11—John Galvin Association, at Irving Hall.
Dec. 12— E. D. Bassford Reception, at Irving Hall.
Dec. 12—Concord Lodge, No. 50, F. and A. M., a%
Apollo Hall.
Of these we again have tho pleasure to call atten
tion to that of tne
CONCORD LODGE, NO. 50, F. AND A. M.,
which is to be held at Apollo Hall on the 12th. It ia
sure to be one of the liveliest and agreeable affairs cf
tho kind that will bo given this season.
DEVOTION O’r A DOVE.
AN AFFECTING INCIDENT OF AN INUNDATION.
Tho river Neva, on the baflks and islands of which
the city of St. Petersburg is built, often rises sud
denly on the breaking up of the ice ia Spring;
Much peril consequently" overtakes those whosa
homesteads aro near enough to tho river’s banks to
be endangered by tho overwhelming force of the tor
rent, as well as by thoso floxting blocks of ice whoso
destructive power is irresistible. During one of
those sudden and terrific inundations, a striking in
cident was related, to us as received from tho truthful
lips of an eyo-witnoss. In one of the small tene
ments on tho lower banks of tho river, a lovely, fair
haired girl, about eight or nine years old, dwelt with
her parents, who wore workers in hemp and flax.
Tho child’s greatest earthly treasure was a beautiful
little dove, rescued from the hands of tho destroyer,
who had rudely torn away tho parent bird from tha
nest; thus it had been nestled in her bosom and fed
from her lips, and they became almost inseparable
companions, except when t e little Hilda accompa
nied her parents to church, or to market with thoir
home-spun goods, when, for greater safety, the bird
was suspended from tho ceiling in its quaint wicker
dwelling, to await, with a flutter of delight, tho little
maid’s returning footsteps; then the door of tho cage
was thrown open, and tho dovo flew joyfully to its
usual perch or resting place on Hilda’s shoulder.
Such possibly might have been their mutual position
when the rush and roar of waters suddenly swept
over their little dwelling, the force of tho destr active
element leaving no time for flight or escape in any
shape. Tho child was soon seen struggling in the
wild whirl of waters, while the dovo, with expanded
wings (which instinct would have taught her to use
for flight and safety) hoverod over her little protect
ress, fluttering around her with inexpressible alarm,
now perching on her head or breast when she rose to
tho surface, and with her little beak making vain
efforts to rescue the floating locks of silk-like hair
borne backward and forward by the eddies of that
torrent. When tho fair young head was again en
gulfed, tho dove plunged into the swelling waves
after it, then rose with it again, until, Nature’s strug
gles exhausted, tho loving littlo head, and tho wafc
and weary wing, sunk, never to rise again, in tha.
overwhelming waters.'
A PRISON ROMANCE.
(From the Chicago Post.
Every prison has its romance, and that of th*
Penitentiary at Kingston, Canada, is worth recount-.
ing. in 1842, near Toronto, the serving man of
Cant. Klnnear murdered his master to obtain a sum
of money which was in the house. After killing him.
tho wretch also slew the housekeeper. He was ar
rested, and at his trial implioatod a girl of fifteen,
named. Grace Marks, who was living in the houaa, as
an accomplice, alleging that she knew of the murder
of tho master before that of the housekeeper* took
place. Her story was that he threatened
death if she gave tho alarm; but, as she had Coen o a
intimate terms with the murderer, it was
ed. Ho was hanged, and she sentenced to the pen
itentiary for life. Almost thirty years Slave sAnca
elapsed, and sho is still a prisoner, no m.2xe a boom
ing girl, but an old woman, palo, sad, eileut, prema
turely gray. From time to time, somjfc 'newspEpor
correspondent, visiting tho instituftoa, hears" and
publishes her slory. There is ta'k at petition foe
her release; people say ’tis 'tis passing
strange; ’tie pitiful, ’tis wondro/rs pitiful; and then
the matter dies away. Ever* if this woman wera
guilty, a life-time of imprisonment might bo held to
havo assoiled her crime, a he might bo sot free to
die. There would be litt',e else for her to do in this
later world. Where lived, and tho cry of murder
went up, are now aores of brick and mortar, an<X
miles of duety streets, Her kindred are dead, her
crime forgotten, ond her very existence and history
aro unfamiliar, jp aupfc a q U 9 4 a latq mQi’cy
Lbo own,
5