E N E W S
At name.
TELEGRAPHIC communication BUS beon es
tablished between Manitoba and Fort
(larry.
Louis KOSSUTH ha* been elected a member
the London branch of the International
•Society.
A MTJIAVTO named John H. Swing was mur
dred and robbed at hiH residency in Cleveland
AlOllday night.
THE flourinR tnrtl 'oif the Messrs. Smith, a
Uock Falls, III,, was btinied a few days tsinco.
iiOss $35,00".
-InK Lowliug Oroen Savings Bnnk of New
oik city has stiMponded. Also tlio Natioi.al
•saviiigu Dank.
AN cutiro Mock of buildings was destroyed
by lire at Wenona, Midi., one night last woek.
Loss $30,000.
Tin steamer Mary E. Sanford was burned at
oa, together with tlie greater part of her
cargo, but no lives were lost.
SNOW fell to tho dopth of abont eight inchos
at Denver, eight at Central, ten at Colorado
Sprmga and Puebla, on Tuesday.
KMIIANN TWEED retires from the Metropoli
tan Hotel, New York, tho first of December,
and Mr. W. Wilkinson takes his placo.
THE jewelry store of J. Brennan, Maiden
Lauo, New York, was robbed, on Saturday, of
*2,500 worth of diamond rings by a sneak
uiief.
APPLICATIONS Tore made at the British Con
sulate in New York by Unco naturalized citi
zona for ponnisf ion to resume allegiance to
Britain.
'1HE New ork Viaduct Railway Company
to be reorgr,nijj0t) immediately. Commodore
Vauderbdt ia meutioncd as ono of tho new
members.
JOR»S
01
H. HUNTER was hauged at Akron,
j.\,
for the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Gar
'/ott, at Richlield, in that state, on the 27tli of
May last.
CIIAS. W. SEA TON, of New York, has bee
appointed Chief Clerk of the Pension Bureau,
to till tho vacancy created by tho resignation
of Major Johns.
S r. ANDRUW'S ErwcoPAL CiiuRcn, corner of
'•'«euty-HOventh street and Fourth avonuo,
New York, was burnod on Saturday night.
Loss $12,000.
IN the township of Monitor, Bay county,
Michigan, on Mouday, ono James Stewart de
liberately shot and killed John Nelson. A
•iliiliculty had existed between the parties.
u. (J. D. IIESS, formerly business manager
of Crosby's Opera House, Chicago, attempted
to commit suicide oil Saturday evening by
ah joting himsolf. His injuries are not fatal.
TUE remains found in the Chicago Tribune
building, supposed to bo those of John Mc
Dovitt, the celebrated billiardist, have been
identified as those of a mau named John E.
Donovan.
IUE Little Bock Gazette makes an expose
of a secrot military organization called the
ltoyal Blues," now being organized exten
sively throughout Arkansas under the instruc
tions of Senator Clayton.
ANNA UABRY, an actress well known in Chi
cago aud other cities, came to St. Louis a few
days ago iu i'oeble health, the result of expo
sure during the Chicago Are. She died at tlie
Monroo House on Wednesday.
TUE editor o? the Now York Mail says he has
received a letter from F. W. Loring, dated
Camp Whipple, Arixona, and that he could not
possibly have been among the party massacred
in the Wickenburg coach.
THE Comptroller of tho Currency has de
clared a dividend of twenty per cent, in favor
of the creditors of the First National Bank of
Now Orleans, payable as soon as the necessary
schedule can be prepared by the Receiver.
THE following appointments were made by
President Grant Tuoaday: Francis A. Walker
at present Superintendent of the Census
Commissioner of Indian Affairs M. W. Itoy
uoUls, Receiver of Public Money at Humboldt,
Kansas.
THE argument in the mandamus ease to
compel Secretary Boutwell to issue a warrant
for the payment of the Kentucky war claims
began in the Supreme Court on Friday, Attor
ney General Ackerman appearing for the Sec
retary of the Treasury.
THE reorganization of the French army is
making rapid progress. By the end of tho year
tho strongest strategetic position possible on
tho eastern frontier will be occupied by a com
pletely reconstructed and thoroughly equii.pod
corps d'armie.
THE Commissioner of Internal Bevenue
rules that the principal and interest of the new
bonds is exempt from taxation in any form,
and this interest need not be included in the
amount upon which other t»*o9 are required
to bo paid.
THE Cuban government continues to make
arrests of persons more or less implicated in
the rebellion. The Consul of Sweeden at
Havana, has been banished. He is charged
with acting as agent for Senor Adams, and
othor well known Cuban Hefugees.
JoBEL-u D. HOOD, from 1844 to 1949 a lead
ing anti-slavery editor in New Hampshire, for
fifteen years chief assistant editor of the
Springfield (Mass.) Republican, and for two
years past ono of the editors of the Kocky
Mountain News, of Denver, is dead.
THE total valuation of land in Hamilton
county on the site of Cincinnati, according to
the returns of 1871, is twenty-throe and three
fourths millions. The valuo of both real and
personal property is forty millions, being an
increase of over ten millions over 1870.
EARLY Friday morning the public school
building at Bedford, Lawrence county, Iud.,
was burned to the ground, consuming the
books of the pupils, furniture, and all tho
apparatus. The building was one of the finest
in Southern Indiana. Loss about $27,000 no
insurance.
ON Friday morning last, a fire broke out in
the barber shop adjoining the Ferry House
at Carson City, Colorado, and several dry
goods and grocory stores, the post-oflico, two
billiard halls, a number of saloons and dwell
ings, were destroyed. Very little waH saved
and there was no insurance. The loss is stated
at ••#100,000.
GEN. VIELE, Superintendent of Indian Af
fairs for Montana, reports that a band of from
seventy-live to ono hundred half-breeds from
British America have established winter quar
ters in the vicinity of the Milli lii vor agency,
with the view of supplying the Indians with
liquor and ammunition. Gon. Gibbon has
directed portions of tho Seventh Infantry to
surprise them, spill the liquor, destroy the
huts, bring away whatever is valuable," and
drive tbem from the country.
Abroad.
THE bark Charles, lelonging to Aberdeen
is repoted wrecked, and six of the crew drown
ed.
SHOCKS of earthquako were felt on the 30th
ult., on St. Dominica, Vincint, Lucia, and oth
er lands.
THF.UK is much excitement and turbulence
in Brussels in consequence of a disturbance
between the adherent* tr and opponeniw of
the government in tho Clumber of Kepresent
atives.
IT is expected that beforo the end of Jan
uary 1872, Franco will have ten army corps,
completely organized and fully supplied with
improved arms, posted at the great military
ccnters of the country.
JOHN GRIFIXE, secretary of the Total Ab
stinence Socloty of Brighton, publicly accuses
the (iueen or intoxication. The charge causes
groat uproar, and tlio local authorities have
already commenced logal proceedings against
the man who made it.
THE trial of parties accused of the assassin
ation of Generals Thomas and Lecompte has
ended. Nineteen prisoners wore pronounced
guilty of murder. Seven were sentenced to
suffer death, one to imprisonment for life at
hard labor, and ten to various confinements.
A LABOE Radical meeting, attended by 4,000
people, was held in Bristol, England, Sunday
evening. Sir Charles W. Dilke addressed tho
asBombly There was much uproar and fight
ing during the progress of tho meeting, and
tho band was prevented from playing tne na
tional anthem God save the Queen.
KINO VICTOR EMMANUEL made his entry into
Home on Tuesday. He was met atthegatos
by tho Heir Apparent, Prince Hambert, the
Minister of tho Crown, and alarge body of tho
National Guard of tho city, Tho populaco
tilled tho stroets in immonso numbers, and
greeted the King with oarnost onllm-iasm
during his progross to the (juirinal, wlu-ro ho
baa taken up his residence.
TUE commission upon tlio budget lias re
ported to tho German Reichstag a ac'iome for
tho maintenance of tlio army. They estimate
too annual enpenditure for the regular tioops
based upon a force of 41,509 men exclusive of
ollicers, at about 90,353,000 thalers. and rec
ommend an appropriation of H20 thalers por
head for that number of enlisted men for tho
ensiling three years.
THE Belgian Chamber of Representatives,
having voted to support the Government in
its appointment of Dr. Decker as Governor of
Limburg, an enormous and excitod crowd
again gathered around the Chamber, and up
roariously manifested opposition to the ap
pointment, but tho presence of a large police
force preventod a hrnnk of tlie peace dining
the day. After nightfall, liowever, there wenj
sorious disturbances, which continued nil Hie
evening. Crowds invaded tho Ministry of
Public Works, but were repelled bv the pi lice.
Heveral persons were injured in the melee.
Tlio Legend Beautiful.
11V HENRY W. LOUOFELLOW.
Hadst thou stayed, I must have Ami 1"
That is what tlio Vision siUit.
In liia chamber all alouo,
Kneeling on tlio floor of stone
fmyvd the Monk in deep contrition
Ifor his sins ot indecision,
Prayed for greater ?cIf-Jrnial,
In temptation and In trial
It was noonday ly the dial,
And the Monk was all alone.
Suddenly, as if it lightened,
An unwonted splendor brightened
All within him and without him
In that narrow cell of stone
And he saw tho Blessed Vision
Of our Lord, with light Klysian,
Like a vesture wrapped about him,
Like a garment round him thrown.
Mot as crucified and slain,
.Not in agonies of pain,
Not with bleeding banae and feet,
Did tho Monk his Master see
But as tn Ihe village street,
Iu tho house or harvest field,
Halt and lame and blind he healed,
When ho walked in Galileo.
In an atitnde implortwg,
Hands upon his bosom crossed.
Wondering, worshipping, adoring.
Knelt tho Monk iu rapture lost.
Lord, ho thought, in hoaven that relgnest,
Who am I, that thus thoa deignest
To reveal thyself to me?
Who am I, that from tho oentre
Of tho glory, thou nholklddt enter
This poor ceil, my guest to bo?
Then amid his exaltation,
Loud tho convent bell appalling,
From its belfry calling, calling,
Itaug through court and corridor,
With porsistont iteration
He had never heard before.
It was now the appointed hour
When alike, in shine or shower.
Winter's cold, or summer's heat,
To the convent portals came
All the blind and halt and lame,
All tho beggars of the street,
For their daily dole of food
Dealt them by the brotherhood
And their almoner was he,
Who upon ids bended kneo,
Wrapped in silent ecstacy
Of diviucHt Bolf-Biirrondcr,
Saw the Vision and tho Splendor.
Deep distress and hesitation
Mingled with his adoration
Should he go, or should ho stay 1
Suould ho leave the poor to wait
Hungry at tho convent gate,
Till tho Vision passed away?
Should he slight his heavenly guest
Slight his visitant celestial,
For a crowd of ragged, bestial
Beggars at the convent gate
Would the Vision there remain
Would tho Vision come again
Then a voice within his breast
Whispered, audibly and clear,
As if to the outward ear:
Do thy duty: that Is best
Leave unto tho Lord the rest I"
Straightway to his feet ho started,
And with longing look intent
On tlie Blessed Vision bent,
Slowly from his cell doparted,
Slowly on his errand went.
At the gate tho poor were waiting.
Looking through the iron grating,
With that terror iu tho eye
That is only seen in those
Who, art id their wants and woes,
Hoar the souud of doors that clopo,
And of feet that pass them by
Grown familiar with disfavor,
Grown familiar with tho savor
Of tho broad by which it.cn die
But to-day, they know not why,
Like the gate of Paradise
Seemed the convent gato to rise,
Like sacrament tlivine,
Scorned to them tho bread aud wino.
In hie heart the Monk was praying,
Thinking of the homeless poor,
What they suffer and endure
What we see not, what we see
And the inward voice was saying:
Whatsoever thing thou doest
To the least of mino and lowest,
That thou doest unto me!"
Unto me! but had the Vision
Como to him in beggar's clothing,
Come a mendicant imploring,
Would ho then hhve knelt adoring.
Or have listened with derision,
And have turned away with loathing 1
Thus his conscience put the question,
Full of troublesome suggestion,
AB at length, with hurried pace,
Towards his cell hp turned his face,
And beheld the convent bright
With a supernatural light,
Lltte 11 luminous cloud expanding
Over floor aud wall and coiling.
But he paused with awe-struck feeling
At the tbreshhold of his door.
For the Vision still was standing
As he left it there before,
When the convent bell appalling,
From its belfry calling, calling,
Summoned him to feed the poor.
Through the long hour intervening
It had waited his return,
And ho felt his bosom burn,
Comprehending all the meaning,
When tho Blessed Vision said,
Hadst thou stayed, I must have flod 1"
—Atlantic Monthly fur December•
THE MINISTER'S HOUSEKEEPER.
BY MRS. H. B. BTOWE.
Scene—Tho shady side of a blueberry pasture—Sam
Lawson with tho boys picking blueberries—Sam
loq.
"Wal, you see, boys,—'twas just
here—Parson Carryl's wife, she died in
the forepart of March —my cousin Hul
dy, she undertook to keep house for
him. The way on't was, that Huldy,
she went to take care of Miss Carry!
in tho fust on't—when she fust took
sick. Huldy was a tailoress by trade,
but then she was one of those faeultise
persons, that has a gift for most any
thing, aud that was how Misa Carryl
come to set sech store by her, that
when she was sick nothin would do for
her but she must have Huldy round nil
the time, and the minister he said he'd
make it good to her all the same, and
she shouldn't lose nothin' by it, and so
Huldy she staid with Mis Carryl full
three months afore she died, and got
to seein' to everything pretty much
'round the place. Wol, arter Mis Car
ryl died, Parson Carryl, he'd got so
kind o' used tohaviu' her round, takin'
care o' things, that he wanted
her to stay along a spell and
so Huldy, she staid along a
spell aud poured out his tea, and mend
ed his close, and mrde pies and cakes,
and cooked, and washed, and ironed,
and kep' everything as neat as a pin—
Huldy was a dreffel chipper sort o* gal,
and work sort o' rolled off from her like
water off a duck's back. There warn't
no gal in Sherburne that could put
sicli
it
sight o'*work through as Huldy,
anl yet, Sunday rnorniu', slio always
Here Sam leaned contemplatively
back with his head in a clump of sweet
fern, and refreshed himself with a chew
of young wintergreen. "This ere
young wintergreen, boys, is jest like a
feller's thoughts o' things that hap
pened when he was young—it comes up
jest so fresh aud tender every year the
longest time you liev to live and you
can't help chawin' on't tlio' 'tis sort o'
stinging—I don't never get over likin'
young wintergreen."
But about Huldah, Sam?"
O yes—about Hnldah—Lordy mas
sy when a feller is Indianing round
these ere pleasant summer days, a fel
ler's thoughts gits like a flock of par
tridges—they's up and down and every
where, 'cause one place is jest about as
good as another, when they's all so
kind o' comfortable and nice. Wal,
about Huldy, as I was say in'. She was
je..t as haudsome a gal to look at as a
teller could have, and I think a nice,
well-behaved young gal in the singers'
seat of a Sunday is a means o' grace,
it's sorto' drawin' to the unregeraerate,
you know. Why boys, in them days,
I've walked ten miles over to Sher
burne of a Sunday mornin' jest to play
the bass viol in the same seat with
Huldy. She was very much respected,
Huldy was, and when she went out to
tailorin' she was alius bespoken six
months ahead, and sent for in waggins
up and down for ten miles round, for
the youug fellers were alius amazin'
anxious to be sent after Huldy, and
were quite free to offer to go for her.
VVJII,
after Miss Carryl died, Huldy got
to le sort o' housekeeper at the minis
ter's, and saw to everything and did
everything sn that there warn't a pin
out o' the way.
But you know how 'tis in parishes,
there allers is women that thinks the
minister's affairs belongs to them, and
they ought to have the rttliu' and guid
in' of em, and if a minister's wife dies,
there's folks that allers lies their eyes
open on Providenee—lookin' out who's
to be the next one.
Now there was Mis Amaziah Pep
peridge, a widder with snappin' black
eyes, and a hook nose—kind o' like a
hawk—and she was one o' them tip and
down commandin' sort o' women, that
feel that they have a call to be seein'
to everything that goes on in the parish,
and 'specially to the minister.
"Folks did 'say that Mis Pipperidge
sort o' sot her eye on the parson for
herself—wal—now, that might have
been, or it might not. Some folks
thought it was a very suitable connec
tion—you see she had a good property
of her own, right nigh to the minister's
lot, and was allers kind o' active and
busy—so, takin' one thing with another,
I shouldn't wonder if Mis Pipperidge
Bhould a thought that Providence
pointed that way. At any rate she
went up to Deakin Blodgett's wife, and
they two sort o' put their heads togeth
era mornin' and condoliu' about the
way things was likely to go on at the
minister's now Mis Carryl was dead.
You see the parson's wife, she was one
of them women who lied their eyes
everywhere and on everything. She
was a little thin woman, but tough as
Injer rubbar, and sniart as a steel trap,
and there warn't a hen laid an egg, or
cackled, but Mis Carryl was right there
to see about it, and she had the garden
made in the spring, and the medders
mowed in summer, and the cider made,
and the corn husked, and tlie apples
got in the fall, and the doctor had
nothin' to do but jest sit stock still a
meditatin' on Jerusalem and Jericho
and them things that ministers think
about—but Lordy massy! he didn'i
know nothin' about where antyhing he
eat or drank, or wore, camefrom or
went to—his wife jest led him 'round
in temporal things and took care on
him like a baby.
"Wall, to be sure Miss Carryl looked
up to him in spirituals, and thought
all the world oil him—for there warn't
tt smarter minister no where 'round.
Why, when he preached on decrees and
election, they used to come clear over
from South Parish, and West Sher
burk, and Old Town to hear him, and
there was sich a row o' waggins tied
along by the meetin' house, that the
stables was all full and all the hitcliin'
posts was full, clean up to the tavern,
so that folks said tlie doctor made the
town look like a gineral training day,
a Sunday.
"He was great on texts, the doctor
was. When he hed a p'int to prove he'd
jest go tliro' the Bible and drive all
tho texts ahead o' him like a
flock o'sheep—and if there was a text
that seemed agin him—why, he'd come
out with his Hebrew and Greek, and
kind o'chase it round a spell, jest as ye
see a feller chase a contrary bell weth
er, and make him jump the fence arter
the rest—I tell you there wasn't no text
in the Bible that could stand agin the
doctor when his blood was up. The
year after the doctor was appointed to
preach the 'lection sermon in Boston,
he made such a figger that the Brattle
street church sent a committee right
down to see if they couldn' tget him to
Boston—aud tlieu the Sherburne folks,
they up and raised his salary—ye see
there ain't anything wakes people up
like somebody else's wantin' what
you've got. Wal, that fall they made
aim a doctor o' divinity at Cambridge
college, and so they sot more by him
than ever. Wal, you see tho doctor,
of course, he felt kind o'lonesome and
afflicted, when Mis Carry was gone,
but really, Huldy was so up to
everything about house that the doctor
didn't miss nothin' in atemporal way.
His shirt bosoms was pleated finer than
they ever was, and them ruffles 'round
his wrists was kep' like the driven
snow, and there warn't a brack in his
silk etockings, and his shoe buckles
was kep' polished up, and his coats
brushed, and then there warn't no
bread and biscuit like Huldy's, and her
butter was like solid lumps of gold, and
there waren't no pies to equal hers, and
BO the doctor never felt tho loss of Mis
Carryl at table. Then there was Huldy
allers opposite to him, with her blue
eyes and her cheeks like two fresh
jeaches, Bhe was kind o' pleasant to
ook at, and the more the doctor look
ed at her the better he liked her, and
so things seemed to be goin' on quite
quiet and comfortable ef it hadn't been
that Mis Pipperidge, and Mis Deakin
Blodgett, and Mis Sawin got their
heads together a talkin' about things.
'Poor man,' says Mis Pipperidge,
what can that child that he's got there
do toward taking the care of all that
place?' It takes a mature woman, she
says, to tread in Mis Carryl's slioca.
'That it does,' said Mis Blodgett,'
and when things once gets to runnin'
down hill there aint no stop2iiu' on 'em,'
says she.
Then Mis Sawin, she took it up.
Ye see Mis Sawin used to go out to
dress makin', and was sort o' jealous,
cause folks sot more by Huldy than
they did by her. Well,' says she,
Huldy Peters is well enough at her
trade I neverdenicd that, though I do
say I never did believe in licr way o'
makin' button holes, and I must say,
if 'twas the dearest friend 1 had, tlmt I
thought Huldy, tryin' to fit Mis Kit
tridge's plum-colored silk was a clear
piece o' presumption—the silk was jist
spiled, so 'twani't fit to come into the
come out in the singers' seat like one meetin'house. I must say that Huldy's
o' these ore June roses, lookin' so fresh
and smiling', and her voice was jest as
clear and sweet as a meadow lark's—
Lordy massy—I 'member how she used
to sing some o' them are places where
the treble and counter used to go to
gether, her voice kiud o' trembled a
little, and it sort o' went tliro' and thro'
a feller! tuck him right where he
lived."
a gal that's always too ventersome
about takin' 'sponsibilities she don't
know nothin' about.'
Of course she don't,' said Mrs. Dea
kin Blodget. What does she know
about all the lookin' and seein' to that
there ought to bo in guiding tlie minis
ter's house? Huldy's well meanin'
and she's good at her work, and good
in the singer's seat, but Lordy massy
she hain't got no experience. Parson
Carryl ought to have an experienced
woman to keep house for him. There's
the spring house cleanin' and the fall
house-cleanin' to be seen to, and the
tilings to be put away from the moths,
and then the gettin' ready for the as
sociation and other minister's meetin's
and the makin' the soap and candles,
and settin' the hens and turkeys, watcli
in' the calves and seein' after'the hired
man and the garden, and there that
are blessed man jist sets there at home
as serene, and lias nobody 'round but
that gal, and don't even know how
things must be a runniu' to waste
Wal, the upshot on't was they fuss
ed and i'tizzled and wuzzled till they'd
drinked up nil the tea in the tea-pot,
and then they went down and called on
the parson, and wuzzled him all up
talking about this, that, and t'other
that wanted lookin' to, aud that it was
do way to leave everything to a young
chit like Huldy, and that he ought to
be lookin' abont foran experienced wo
man. The parson he thanked 'em
kindly, and said he believed their mo
tives was good, but he didn't go no
further. He didn't ask Mis Peperidge
to come and stay there and help him,
nor nothin' o' that kind, but he said
he'd attend to matters himself—tho fact
was the parson had got such a likin'
for haying Huldy 'round that he could
not think o' such a thing as swappin'
her off for the widder Pipperidge.
"But he thought to himself, Huldy
is a good girl, and I oughtn't to be "a
leavin' everything to her—it's too linrd
on tier. I ought to be instructiu' and
guidin' and helpin' of her, 'cause, 'taint
A. A. HARWOOD, Editor and Proprietor. WITH MALICE TOWARD NONE WITH CHARITY FOR ALL—Lincoln.
VOLUME IV. AUSTIN, MOWER COUNTY, MINNESOTA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1871.
everybody could be expected to know
and do what Miss Cairyl did, and so at
it he went, and, Lord massy, didn't
Huldy liev a tiiiie on!t when tlie minis
ter began to come out of his study and
want to 'tend 'round and see to things
Huldy, you see, thought all the world
Yes, sir,'said Huldy.
"'Now, Huldy,' says the parson,
'you must be sure to save .the turkey
eggs so that we can have a lot of turkeys
for Thanksgiving.'
'Yes, sir,' says Huldy, and she
opened the pantry door and showed
him a nice dishful she'd been savin' up.
Wal, the very next day the parson's
lien-turkey was found killed, up to old
Jim Scroggs's barn—folks said Soroggs
killed it, though Scroggs he stood to it
he didn't—at any rate the Scroggses
they made a meal on't, and Huldy she
felt bad about it, 'cause she'd set her
heart on raisin' the turkeys—and says
she, Oh, dear, I don't know what I
shall do, I was just ready to set her.'
"Do, Huldy?" says the parson,'why,
there's the other turkey out there by
the door, and a fine bird, too, he is.'
•'Sure enough, there was the old
Tom turkey a struttin' and a sidlin' and
a quitterin' and flountin' his tail feath
ers in the sun, like a lively young wid
ower, all ready to begin like over agin.
'"But," says Huldy, 'you know he
can't set on eggs.'
"'He can't? I'd like to know why,'
says the parson—' he shall set on eggs,
and hatch 'em, too.'
'Oh, Doctor,' says Huldy, all in a
tremble, 'cause you know she didn't
wa to contradict the minister, and
she was afraid she should laugh—' I
never heard that Toni turkey would
set on eggs.'
Why, they ought to,' said the par
son, getting quite earnest: what else
be they good for You just bring out
the eggs, now, and put 'em ia the nest,
and I'll make him set on 'em.'
"So Huldy thought there wern't no
way to convince him but to let him try
so she took the eggs out, and fixed 'em
all nice in the nest, and then she came
back and found old Tom a skirmislliti'
with the parson pretty lively* I tell ye.
Ye see, old Tom, he didn't take the
idee at all, and he flopped and gobbled
and fit the parson, arid the parsons wig
got round so that his cue stuck straight
out over his ear, but he'd got his blood
up. Ye see, the old doctor was used
to Carrying his pints o' doctrine, and he
hadn't fit tlie Arminians and Socinians
to be beat by a Tom turkey—so finally
he made a dive and ketcned him by
the neck in spite of his flopping, and
stroked him down and put Huldy's
apton 'round him.
There Huldy,' he says, quite red
in the face, 'we've got him now,' and
he traveled off to the barn with him as
lively as a cricket.
"Huldy came behind, jist chokin
with laugh, and afraid the minister
would look 'round and see her.
Now, Huldy, we'll crook his legs
and set him down,' says the parson
when he got him to the nest, you see
ho is getting quiet, and he'll set there
all right.
And the parson he got down, and
old Tom he sot there sdlenln enough
and held his head down, all drooping,
lookin' like a real pious old cock, as
long as the parson sot by him.
There, you see how still he sets,'
says the parson to Huldy.
Huldy was 'most dyin' for fear she
should laugh. I'm afraid he'il get
up,'says she, 'when yon do.'
Oh, no he won't," says the parson,
quite confident: 'there, there,' says he,
layin' his hands on him as if he was
pronouncin' a blessin'. But when the
parson riz up, old Tom he riz up too,
and began to march over the eggs.
Stop, now! said the parson I'll
make him get down again hand me
that corn basket, we'll put that over
him."
"So he crooked old Tom's legs and
got him down again, and they put the
corn basket over him, and then they
both stood and waited.
'That'll do the thing, Huldy,' said
the parson.
'I don't know about it,' says Hul
dy.
Ohyesitwill,child—Iunderstand,'
says he.
"Just as he spoke the basket riz
right up and stood, and they could see
old Tom's long legs.
'I'll make him stay down, confound
him,' says the parson, for ye see par
sons is men, like the rest on U8, and
the doctor had got his spunk up.
You jist hold him a minute and
I'll get something that'll make him
stay, I guess,'and out he went to the
fence and brought in a long, thin, flat
stone, and laid it on old Tom's back.
Old Tom, he wilted down considl
erably under this, and looked railly as
if he was goin' to give in. He staid
still there a good long spell, and the
minister and Huldy left him there and
come up to the house, but they hadn't
more than got in the door before they
see old Tom a hippin' along, as high
steppin' as ever, saying talk talk
and quitter! quitter!' and struttin' and
goblin' as if he'd come through the
Red sea and got the victory.
"'Oh, my eggs!' says Huldy, 'I'm
afraid he's smaslied 'em
"And sure enough, there they was,
smashed flat enough under tho stone.
'I'll have him killed,' said the par
son—'we won't have such a crjtter
'round.'
But the parson, ho slept on't and
then didn't do it—lie only come out
next Sunday with a tip top sermon on
the 'riginal Cuss,' that was pronounc
ed on things in general, when Adam
fell, and showed how everything was
allowed to go contrary ever since.
There was pig-weed, and pusley, and
Canady thistles, cut worms and bug
worms, and canker worms, to say noth
in' of rattlesnakes—the doctor made it
very impressive and sort o'improvin,'
but Huldy, she told me, goin' home,
that she hardly could keep from laugh
ing two or three times in the sermon
when she thought of Old Tom a stand
in' up with the corn basket on his
back.
"Wal, next week, Huldy, she jist
borrowed the minister's horse and side
saddle, and rode over to South Parish
to her Aunt Bascome, widder Bas
comes, you know, that lives there by
tho trout brook, and got a lot o' tur
key eggs o' her, and come back and set
a hen on'em and said nothin,' and in
good time there was as nice a lot o' tur
key cliieks as ever ye see.
Huldy never said a word to the
minister about his experiment, and he
never said a word to licr, but he sort o'
kep' more near to his books and didn't
take it on him to advise so much.
But not long after he took it into
his head that Hnkly ought to have a
pig to be a fat-tin' with the buttermilk.
Miss Pipperidge set him up to it, and
jist then old Tim Bigelow, out to Juni
per Hill, told him it he'd call over he'd
give him a little pig.
"So he sent for a man and told him
to build a pig-pen right out by tlie
well, and have it all ready when lie
came home with his pig.
FluMv, .she
K.iid she wished he
miglifeput a curb 'round the well out
MOWER COUNTY TRANSCRIPT.
a body might stumble into it, and the
parson, he told him he might do thai.
i!
Wal, old Aikin, the carpenter, he
didn't come till 'most the middle of the
afternoon, and then he sort o' idled so
that he didn't get up the "well-curb till
snndown, and then he went off and
of the minister, and she was 'most! said he'd come and do the pig-pen
afraid to laugh, but she told me she
couldn't, for the life of her, help it
when his back was turned, for he wuz
zled things up in the most singular
way, but Huldy, she'd jist say 'yes sir,'
and get him off into liis study and go
on her own way
liuldy,' days the minister, one
day, 'you aint experienced out-doors,
and when you want to know anything
you must come to me.'
next day.
Wal, after dark, Parson Carryl, he
driv into the yard, full chizel, with his
pig. He'd tied up his mouth to keep
him from squeelin', and he see what he
thought was the pig*pen—he was rather
near-sighted—and ao he rail and tlireW
piggy over and down he dropped into
the water, and the minister put out his
horse and pranced off into the house
quite delighted.
'There, Huldy, I've got you a nice
little pig.'
'Dear me,' says Huldy, 'where
have you put him
«*Why, out there in the pig-pen, to
be sure.'
'Oh, dear me!' says Huldy, 'that's
the well-curb—there ain't no pig-pen
built,' says
she.
"'Lordy maasyl' says the parson,
'then I've thrown the pig in the well 1'
"Wal, Huldy, she Worked and
worked, and finally she fished piggy
Huldy was so sort o' chipper and
fair spoken, that she got the hired men
all under her thumb—they come to her
and took her orders jist as meek as so
many calves, and she traded at the
store, and kep, the accounts, and she
hed her eyes everywhere, and tied up
all the ends so tight, that there wan't
no gettin' round her. She wouldn't let
nobody put nothin' off on Parson Car
ryl, cause he was a minister. Huldy
was allers up to anybody that wanted
to make a hard bargain, and afore he
knew jist what he was about, she'd got
the best of it, and everybody said that
Huddy was the most capable gal that
they'd ever traded with.
Wal, come to the meetin' of the
association, Mis Deacon and Mis Pip
peridge come callin' up to the parson's,
all in a stew, and offerin' their services
to get the house ready, but the Doctor,
he jist thanked 'em quite quiet, and
turned 'em over to Huldy, and Huldy,
she told 'em that she'd got everything
ready, and showed 'em her pantries
and the cakes and her pies, and her
puddin's, and took 'em all over the
out in the bucket, but he was dead as a I wonderin' iieat Sunday mornin' when
door nail, and she got him out o' the the next bell was a tollm', and the fiiiii
Way quietly, and didu say much, and ister walked up the broad isle with
the parson, he took to a great Hebrew
book in his study, and says he 'Huldy,
I ain't much in tenlpol-als,' says: Hul
dy says she kind a felt her heart go out
to him, and he was so sort o' meek and
helpless, and learned, and says she,
'Wal, Parson Carryl, don't trouble your
head no more about it I'll see to
things,' and sure enough, a week after
there was a nice pen, all ship-shape,
and two little white pigs that Huldy
boiight With the money for the butter
she sold at the store.
"'Wal, Huldy,' says the parson,
'you are a most amazin' child—you
don't say nothin', but you do more
than most folks.'
"Artei that the parson set sich store
by Huldy that he come to her and ask
ed her about everything, and it was
amazin' how everything she put her
hand to prospered. Huldy planted
marigolds and larkspurs, pinks and
carnations all up and down the path to
the front door, and trained up morning
glories and scarlet runners 'round the
windows, and she was aiways a gettin'
a root here, and a sprig there, and a
seed from somebody else, for Huldy
was one o' them that has the gift, so
that ef you jist give 'em the leastest
sprig of anything they make a great
bush out of it right away, so that in
six months Huldy had rosea, and ger
aniums, and lilies, sich as it would a
took a gardener to raise. The parson,
he took no notice at fust, but when the
yard was all ablaze with flowers he used
to come and stand in a kind o' maze at
the front door, and say, 'beautiful,
beautiful why, Huldy, I never see
anything like it." And then when her
work was done afternoons, Huldy would
sit with her sewing in the porch,
and sing and trill away till
she drew the meadow-larks and the
bobolinks and the orioles to answer
her, and the great big elm overhead
would get perfectly rackety with the
birds, and the parson, settin' there in
his study, would git to kindo' dreamin'
about angels, and golden harps, and
the new Jerusalem—but he wouldn't
speak a word, 'cause Hudly, she was
jist like them wood-thrushes,
she never
could sing so well when slie thought
folks was hearin'. Folks noticed about
this tinie that the parson's sermons got
to belike Aaron's rod, that budded and
blossomed—there was things in 'em
about flowers and birds, and more
'special about the music o' heaven.
And Huldy, she noticed that ef there
was a hymn run in her head while she
was 'round a workin', the minister was
sure to give it out next Sunday. You
see Huldy was jist like a bee, she al
ways sung when she war workin', and
you could hear her 'round, now down
in the corn patch, while she waspickin'
the corn and now in the buttery,
while she was workin' the butter and
now she'd go singin' down cellar, and
then she'd be singin' up over head, so
that she seemed to fill a house chock
full o' music.
house, and they went peakin'and pok- of 7,000 ounces and 174,686 ounces
in,' openin' cubboard doors and from the quartz reefs, an increase of
lookin' into drawers, and they couldn't 33,000 ounces. The total of the min
find so much as a thread out o' the way, ing population at the end of the quar
from garret to cellar, and so they went ter stood at 57,439, of whom 27,084
off quite discontented. Arter that the Europeans and 14,487 Chinese were al
wornen set a new trouble a brewin'. luvial miners, and 15,760 Europeans
Then they begun to talk that it was and 114 Chinese were quartz miners,
a year now since Mis Carrvl died, and The Custom House returns show an
it r'ally wasn't proper for such a young I export of 984,130 ounces of Victoria
gal to be stayin' there, who everybody gold in 1871 up to the end of July, be
ing an increase of 138,737 ounces over
the corresponding period of 1870.
could see was a settin' her cap fon the
minister.
Miss Pipperidge said that so long as
awt US„1
Huldy was railly takin' on airs as an
driv 'round up to Deakin Abner Snow's, |tlie
and down to Miss 'Lijah Perry's, and I
asked them if they wasn't afraid that
about, and Huldy saw folks a noddin' I
and a winkin' and a looking arter her,
and she begun to feel dreadful sort o'
sing, my child
there, because in the dark, sometimes, him, the minister had, and Huldy hud days of Pompeii,"
got to likio' to be with, him, and it all
come over her that perhajis slie dught
to go away, and her throat got kinder
filled up so she couldn't hardly speak,
and says she, I can't sing to-night.'
Says he, you don't know how much
good your singing has done me, nor
how much good you have done me in
all ways, Huldy. I wish I knew how
to show my gratitude.'
'"Oh, sir,' says Huldy, 'is it im
proper for me to be here
'No, dear,'saidthe minister gently,
1
but ill-natured folks will talk, but
there is dtte, way We can fltop it, Huldy
—if yoii will marry tie. You'll make
me very happy, and I will do all I can
to iriake you happy. Will you?'
Wal, Huldy never told me jist what
she said to the minister—gal's, never
does give you the particulars of them
are things just as you'd like 'em—only
I know the upshot, and the hull on't
was that Huldy, she did a considerable
lot o' clear starch in' and ironin' the
next two days, and the Friday o' next
week the minister and she rode over to
gether to Doctor Lathrop's in Old
Town, and the doctor he jist made
'em man and wife, 'spite of envy of the
Jews, as the hymn soysi Wal, you'd
better believe there was a starin' and a
Huldy, all in white, arm-in-arm with
him, and he opened the minister's pew
and handed her in as if she was a prin
cess, for you see Farisot? Carryl come
of a good family, and was a
born gentleman, and hod a sort of
grand way o' bein' polite to women
folks. Wal, I guess there was a rus'
lin' among the bunnets. Mis Pipper
idge gin a great bounce, like corn pop
pin' on a shovel, and her eyes glared
through her glasses at Huldy if if
they'd a sot her afire, and eveirytjddy Ifa
the meetin' house was a starin', I tell
yew. But they couldn't none of 'em
say nothin' again' Huldy's looks, for
there wpu't a crinap nor a frill about
her that wail't jis' so, and her frock
was white as the driven snow, and she
had her bunnet all trimmed up with
white ribbins, and all the fellows said
the old doctor had stole a march and
got the handsomest gal in the parish.
"Wal, arter meetin' they all come
'round the parson and Huldy at the
door, shakin' hands an laughin' for by
that time they was about agreed that
they'd got to let putty well alone.
'"Why, Parson Carry
1,' says Mis
Deaoon Blodgett, how yon've come it
over us.'
'Yes, says the parson, with a kind
o'twinkle in his eye, 'I thought,' says
he, 'as folks wanted to talk about
Huldy and me, I'd give 'em somethin'
wutli talking about.'"— Wood's House
hold Magazine.
Remarkable Flight or Carrier Pigeons.
From the Newark Courier, Nov. 10.
We noticed a short time ago the won
derful flight of the carrier-pigeon
Tempest. We have now to record the
still more extraordinary time of two
other birds sent home. The following
notes were found on them on their ar
rival
"DEAB FATHER—September 15,1871,
latitude 27 degrees 10' north, longi
tude 79 degrees 30' west, 1,004 statute
miles from Montclair, N. J.—I will
let the mail bird Tornado go with this
note at exactly 9 o'clock in the morn
ing, New York time. I let the bird
Tempest go on the 10th. She rose up
about five hundred yards high, and
then made one tremendous plunge to
the north, and was oiit of night about
as quick as a flash of lightning.
A
A
eqnal, and appearing as mistress o' the taclied to thirty-four of its locomotives
house in a way that would make talk if
it went on. And Miss Pipperidge, she
bel1
iuS
the way the parson and Huldy was a ^!e boiler, the sound of the
goin' on might make talk, and they
said they hadn't thought on't before,
but now come to think on't, they was
sure it would, and they all went and
talked with somebody else, and asked
them if they didn't think it would make
talk. So when Sunday came, between
meetin's there warn't nothin'else talked
able
disagreeable. Finally, Mia Sawin, she some recent accidents would have been
says to her, My dear, didn't you never certainly prevented by the use of this
think folks would talk about you and invention.
the minister
No why should they says Hul- A Prisoner Who Proved too Much for a
dy, quite innocent. Mali.
Well, dear,' says she, I think it's On Friday night last a mob at Brock
a shame, but they say your trying to ville, Iud., forced open the jail and at
catch him, and that it's bold and im- tempted to take Check, the murderer
proper for yon to tie conrtin' of him of his father-in-law at Lawrenceburg,
right in his own house—you know folks iu that state, a year since, therefrom,
will talk—I thought I'd tell you 'cause with the supposed iutention of lynch
I think so much of you,' says she. ing him. Check knocked the first man
"Huldy was a gal of spirit, aud she down on the cell floor, taking a revolver
despised the talk, but it made her dref-: from him and defended himself boldly,
ful uncomfortablo, and when she got' Many of the mob were hurt. The
home at night she sat down in the jailor, in the meantime, escapcd and
morning glory porch, quite quiet, and rung a fire alarm, bringing the citizens
didn't sing a word, to his aid, whereupon the mob scat-
The minister, he heard the same tered. Many were recognized. Ceeck
thing from one of his deacons that day, has been granted anew trial, and it is
anil when lie saw Huldy so kind o' si- feared his sentence may be light or dis
lent, ho says to her, Why don't you
1
H. C. SLEEKER."
"DEABFATHER—November 21, 1871,
latitude 26 north, longitude 93 5
minutes west, 1,596 statute miles from
Montclair, N. J. I will let the old bird
Typhoon go with this note at exactly
8 o'clock, in the forenoon, New York
time. He is a powerful bird, but he
has a fearful job on hand. He must
go through it or perish. All well.
"HAKBYC. BLEECKER."
The bird Tornado arrived at Mont
clair the same day, at seven minutes
past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, making
over one hundred and ninety-six miles
an hour. Typhoon arrived the same
day, at fifty-four minutes past 3 o'clock
in the afternoon, and fell dead on his
arrival, but he brought the note in the
unprecedented time of two hundred and
two miles an hour.
OoM Mining in Victoria—14,000 China*
men at Work.
The yield of gold obtained from
quartz in Victoris is now about equal
to that from the alluvial workings,
which, in the earlier gold-digging,
formed the only source from which
gold was obtained. As only an infinit
esimal portion of quartz reefs of the
colony is supposed to have been as yet
discovered, it is maintained that the
mining industry will be profitably fol
lowed for centuries. The mining regis
trars and surveyors'reports estimate the
quantity of gold raised in the second
quarter of 1870, (exclusive of
ing in scattered parts, from which re
turns are not obtained), at 355,430
ounces, or 42,000 ounces more than in
the previous quarter 180,744 ounces
from alluvial ground, being an increase
Michigan railroad comp anyhas at-
new st.Vle
so
°f alarm-bell The bell is
attached that when the engine goes,
rings, being struck by the ham-
mer once
ea°h
revolution of thedriv-
wheels. Being placed directly in
bell is seldom heard by the engineer or
fireman on the engine, and cannot be
heard on the train consequently it is
no annoyance to passengers, while, it
is claimed, its position causes the sound
to be thrown forward, and conducted,
by the earth nnd the railroad track or
rails, so that it can be heard a consider-
distance in advance of the train,
tlms
B^ing timely warning. The Gen-
eral
Superintendent of the road tninks
missed.
He had.a.pleasant sort_o_way with UUIAVEB is to dramatize his "Lust
THE GRAND DUKE ALEXIS.
Dctalli of Mia Rt'ecption in
Arriving there, the Duke was received
by the entire Reception Committee,
Gen. John A. Dix delivering the ad
dress of welcome an follows:
YOUR ROYAL HIGHNESS!—The cit
izens of New York are glaJ to welcome
you to the United States. Ws are glad
to welcqme one who represents His Im
perial Highness the Czar of Russia.—
We are glad to welcome th& represen
tative of the power for which we have
so much respeet, kind feeling and con
fidence. We are not so old as Europe
on nations, as our civilization dates
back one hundred years but among
our institutions and customs you will
no doubt find many things to admire
and to carry back to your own country.
We are glad that you are here to carry
back to His Imperial Highness, your
fttther,- the well-wishes of this Govern
ment. Again} I say, we welcome you
to our shores."
The Grand Duke replied as follows:
"GEN. DIX, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
—I present my warmest thanks for the
kind feelings to which, on behalf of the
people of this great city, you have giv
en expression. The feelings between
the United States and Russia are as
strong as they are lasting and never can
be broken. I shall pass rapidly through
New York to pay my respects to the
President of the United States, whose
high character is greatly appreciated in
Russia but- when I return to New
York I shall derive great pleasure in
accepting the hospitality which has
been so generously extended to me. I
thank you heartily."
A line was then formed in the upper
saloon from end to end, the Grand Duke
taking bis station at the stern of the
boat to receive the guests, who were
introduced to him by Mr. Henry Clews.
The Powell then steamed down the
bay as far as the narrows, and then
turned to proceed to the Battery, where
the Grand Duke landed, and was re
ceived bjr Gen Shaler and escorted to
his carriage, when the military proces
sion immediately started. The proces
sion was headed by Superintendent
Kelso, Inspector Dilk and a force of
police to clear the way. Immediately
after rode Major General Shaler and
Btaff, followed by the Nineteenth regi
ment, of Poughkeepsie. A carriage
containing the Grand Duke came next,
and was the object of the greatest in
terest Following the Carriage of the
Grand Duke was a long line of car
riages containing Admiral Passiet, Vice
Admiral Rowan, members of the re
ception committee and the Prince's
suite. After the carriages the Twelfth
regiment marched in colum by compan
ies, the Eleventh, Seventh and Twenty
second regiments forming a special es
cort. There was no halting until the
head of the procession arrived at the
head of Leonard street. When the
Grand Duke and escort reached Leon
ard street, the Seventh regiment, pre
ceded by a battalion, fell into line at
the head of tie procession, while the
Twenty-second and Twelfth regiments
fell in on either side of the Grand
Duke's carriage, as a guard of honor.
When the order for the whole proces
sion to move was given, and the entire
line was formed in column, there were
at least ten thousand. As the Grand
Duke passed, each band took up the
grand Russian national anthem, begin
ning at the left of the line and continu
ing to the extreme right. The ride of
the Prince from the Battery to Union
Squere was one continued ovation.
Cheer rose upon cheer, and a sea of
handkerchiefs fluttered from delicate
fingers. The shout that was taken up
at the battery was rolled in one huge
volume to ths Clarendon, and the re
peated bows of the Prince and his
smiling face showed that he keenly ap
predated the great honors showered
upon him. As the Grand Duke passed
the Equitable building, a group of
statuary recently placed over the en
trance was unveiled, and the Trinity
chimes began to ring in his ear as the
carriage containing him came in sight.
The Astor House was perfectly alive
with ladies and gentlemen, who waved
handkerchiefs and made a goodly show
of hands as the Duke's carriage passed.
This was repeated at every house along
the route from the City Hall to Union
Square. The balconies of the Grand
Central, Metropolitan, St. Nicholas,
and others, were thronged with people,
whose shouts of hearty welcome it
seemed never would cease. The reg
iments, too, came in for their share of
applause and commendation. Alexis
certainly received such an ovation as no
man on earth ever received before from
New Yorkers between the Battery and
Union Square.
As the procession arrived at the Grand
Stand in Union Square, the ladies and
gentlemen rose en masse to give Alexis
a storm of applause. To this he re
sponded with genuine feeling, and,
rising in his carriage, took offhischap
eau and bowed right aud left.
The head of the procession soon
reached the Cladendon Hotel and space
haviug been made for the Duke, he
alighted and entered. A few moments
afterward he came out upon the bal
cony, accompanied by his staff, and
reviewed the troops marching past by
compauies, each regiment presenting
arms as it came under the balcony.
The Ninth Regiment band of one
hundred pieces, led by Carl Bergmann,
serenaded the Grand Duke iu front of
the Clarendon at 11 o'clock to night.
ONE of the largest planters of the
South is Col. G. B. Lockett, of Georgia.
He has planted this year 1871 6,000
acres of cotton and 8,000 acres of corn,
and small grains.
At
the lowest esti­
mate, his cotton crop will sell for $180,
000. Col. Lockett employs 300 hands,
all black, and has no trouble with his
help, who are orderly and tolerably in
dustrious. Throwiug out the value of
increase of slaves he thinks that cotton
ran now be raised more cheaply than
before the war.
TERMS—$2.00 per Annum.
New York.
NEW YOBK, Nov. 21.—The Mary Pow
ell, with fully six hundred persons on
board, including nil the members of
the Reception and Executive Commit
tees of the Grand Duke, left her moor
ings at half past eleven o'clock precise
ly, and steamed down the bay in view
of the Russian and United States fleet,
all the vessels of which presented a
magnificent appearance, being decked
with the colore of all nations from stem
to stern The upper bay was filled
with stettmers and sailing vessels, and
the booming of cannon, blowing of
whistles and dipping of colors,- gave
the Wlicfle scene an animated appear
ance.
As the Mttry Powell rounded the Bat
tery she ran alongside the United
States frigate Congress, and took on
board Admiral Rowan and staff, and
Capt. Davenport, of the Congress. As
these officers left the frigate, the band
on board the Powell played "Hail Col
umbia." The Powell then steamed
alongside the Svetland, and a boat was
sent for Minister OatacaZy and the Rus
sian Consul General Bodisco, and their
seeretaries, who went on board the
Svetland. to inform the Grand Duke
that the HeCeption Committee awaited
his arrival on board of the Powell, to
tender to hira the hospitalities of the
city. The Duke accepted the invita
tion, aud immediately went on board
the Powell, accompanied by Catacazy
and the Coiisiil General and others.
He was received by Gen. Aspinwall and
the Executive Committee, who formed
in line on the lower deck while he
passed through to the upper saloon.
NUMBER 35.
A CURIOUS PERSECUTION.
Attempt a. MM of Ills
The following story is told by the
Knoxville C/hronicle, and whether it is
strictly true in all its details is a ques
tion on which a difference of opinion is
likely to prevail. It is too good to be
lost, at any rate
In Baltimore, a short time ago, the
death of William P. Mooney was an
nounced, and a day was fixed for his
funeral, to which uis friends were in
vited. It seems that there were in the
city two men named William P. Moony,
each of whom had many acquaintances
Now the friends of the living William
got an idea he was dead and so upon
the day appointed for the funeral they
repaired to the house named in the ad
vertisement, for the purpose of shed
ding a regretful tear or two over the
remains of their departed friend.
The existing Mooney also took a no
tion to call around, partly to see his
dead namesake and partly that he
might ascertain how it felt to attend a
funeral at which a William P. Mooney
officiated the capacity of a corpse.—
He arrived when the services were
nearly ended, and stood out in the ves
tibule, Waiting for them to conclude.
When all was over, some of his own
misguided friends started for the
street. They were amazed and alarmed
to perceive right in the doorway the
figure of the man whom they supposed
to be dead! One of the party thought
it must be the apparition of Mooney
so lie poked it with his umbrella to as
oertain if it was real. This hurt Mr.
Moohey, and made him so mad that he
struct the prober of ghosts with his
cane. Then another of the party said
to him:
Why Mooney, what at£. you doing
out here A man ought to conduct
himself better than this at his own fu
neral!'
"'Whose funeral?' said Mooney.
It's none of mine.'
"'See here Mooney,' they all said,
why don't you behave You oughtn't
to carry on so, after all the good things
the minister said about you. It isn't
right.'
'Who are yoU talking about ex
claimed William P., indignantly^ 'I
am as lively as you are!'
"'Mooney, this is wrong,' urged the
crowd 'this is all wrong. You know
you are dead you know that you fam
ily is roosting around up-stairs there,
crying and going on like mad. You
ought to have more respect for their
feelings than to be standing here fight
ing. Now just go back into your coffin,
and let the procession go quietly to the
cemetery without any more fuss.'
'Durn the procession!' ejaculated
the incensed Modncyj I am no more
dead than you are.'
'Now, it's no use arguing the point,
William,'said his friends. 'The no
tice has been published in the papers
the undertaker has fixed you up com
fortably in ice ctapt has been tied at
your door-knob the Roard of Trade
has passed resolutions of respect to
your memory they have bought a nice
monument to hold you down, and
everything so you must be dead. You
can't go back to the Board of Trade,
Mr. Mooney—now can you
It's a mistake,' said Mooney
it's all a mistake.- Let me explain to
you.'
Oh there's no need Of explana
tion,' said his friends 'the corpse is
not in order. The simple fact is that
your a dead man! Here's the weeping
family there's the hearse, the under
taker the minister and the mourners,
and in the parlor stands the coffin. Now
you have got to go in and be packed up
in that coffin whether you want to or
not. Some men never know what is
best for them, anyhow. We came here
to have a funeral, and a funeral we are
going to have, no matter if you don't
like it. There is no use of saying you
won't, for you have got to so come
along.'
"Thereupon they seized Mooney
and dragged him into the parlor. Thosa
who who witnessed the encounter say
it was terrific. The report spread that
the corpse was loose, and the under
taker and the pall-bearers all joined in
the fray, and the combat thickened un
til Mooney broke from his tormentors,
and darted into the kitchen, where the
undertaker knocked him down with a
flat-iron and pinned him to the floor
with a poker through his vitals until
assistance could be secured. The truth
was developed then, and Mooney was
carried carefully to the hospital in a
push-cart. When he gets well, he in
tends to search the directory and ascer
tain if another man named Mooney
lives in Baltimore. If there is such a
being, William P., he proposes to ask
the legislature to furnish him with a
Chinese name in eighteen syllables, and
warranted unlike any other in the
whole realm of nature."
A Court Mystery.
For some time past extensive altera
tions have been going on in the drain
age of Hampton Court Palace, for which
it has been necessary to take up the
pavement of some of the old courts.—
On Wednesday some of the men en
gaged in the work discovered two hu
man skeletons lying within a short dis
tance of the surface. The bones which
are those of two male adults, are in
good preservation, considering it is es
timated that they have been buried not
less than 150 or 200 years The part of
the palace in which they have been
found, however, was rebuilt by Sir
Christopher Wren about the year 1690,
and had these bones been in their pres
ent position at that time they must
have been disturbed in the progress of
the work. After the rebuilding of the
palace it was occupied by William IIj.
and Mary, who frequently made this
the residence of their court. Indeed,
it was, as is well known, at Hampton
Court that King William met with the
accident that caused his death in 1702.
It seems reasonable, therefore, to haz
ard the conjecture that the skeletons
date from about this period. That the
interment, whenever it took place, was
performed secretly and hastily is evi
dent from the position in which the
skeletons were found, as well as from
the fact of lime having been used to
hasten the decomposition of the bodies.
Field Marshal Benedek.
General Field-Marshal Benedek died
suddenly of an apoplectic attack last
month at Vienna. He was born in
1804 at Odenburg, in Hungary. He
entered the Austrian army as a cornet
in 1822, aud attained the rank of colon
el in 1843. Two years later he exhibi
ted great military talents during the
insurrection in Galieia. He took part
in the memorable campaign of 1848 in
Italy, under rRadetzky, distinguishing
himself at the battle of Curtatone, for
which he received the order of Maria
Theresa. During the war ot Italian in
dependence, 1859, he was one of the
few Austrian generals who showed some
military capacity. At the battle of
Solferino he commauded the left wing
of tho army, which was the last to
leave the field. He was Governor of
Hungary for a few months in 1860, and
was soou appointed to the chief com
mand of the Austrian army in Italy.
During the war between Austria and
Prussia in 1866 General Benedek was
from May 5th in command of the
North. At Sadowa, July 3d, the forces
under his command were defeated.
General Benedek was soon after super
seded by the Archduke Albert, and in
October, 1866, he was put on the retir
ed list.
Criticism.
BY JOHN B. ALTCHESON.
A little bird, whose heart wu full of eoog,
Perched on a bough and poured bis notes along
The summer air, so rneet, that Zephcr staid
Awhile to listen, pensive as a maid
And lo, a moping owl, whose cell was near,
forgot his revery, and deigned to hear
But, wishing to be thought more wise than pleased,
His load of learning thus he lightly eased:
Think not, vain singer, that your song is new
Three thousand years ago, in Greece, there flew
And sang a bird, the counterpart of you!
An4 w« who spend our hours
ID OISMIC
toil,
And burrow deep in learning's musty soil,
Know all about that ancient, borrowed strain
So, sing new songs, or never sing again!"
The simple singer, innocent of art.
Who only knew hiH song came from the heart,
Made no reply, but hushed his modest note
And flew, to sing from wisdom more remote,
While Zephyr, swelling to a tcmpcul howl,
At loss of song, smote the pedantic owl.
All Sorts of Paragraphs.
THE new Russian uniform is said to
be the costliest ever worn by an army.
A NEPHEW of Dr. Livingstone, the
African explorer, has been arrested in
New Bedford for drunkenness.
THE mother of Hine, the Great Bar
rington bank robber, has become in.
sane in consequence of her son's crime.
A COMPANY of Chinamen have com
menced drying and smoking wild geese
in Los Angeles for shipment to China]
THE value of the direct importation
of dry goods to the Pacific coast is es
timated at more than $100,000,000 an
nually.
A MUSICAL whisky bottle is the latest
combination of art and convenience in
Macon, Ga. Everybody is drinking out
of it and wondering.
CINCINNATI burns soft coal, and is
very smokey. It has just discovered
that the yearly injury to the city from
this cause is $3,000,000.
SOME one asserts that a tailor's full
allowance for supper in dull times con
sists of a pinch of snuff, a drink of wa
ter, a yawn, and go to bed.
DELMONICO'S (or any other man's)
oysters a lapoulette are any tiling but
fowl, though they are generally picked
by judicious gastronomists.
ANTHONY TBOILOPE has safely arrived
at Melbourne, having written an entire
novel on the voyage. He will return
to Europe by way of the United States.
A NEW drama, founded upon Charles
Dickens' unfinished novel, is in prepa
ration at the Surrey, London, ft will
be called The mysterv at Cloister
ham.
AXEXANDEB DUMA£, the elder, died
with only one gold piece in his pocket.
His son is a millionaire, and bis daugh
ter is married to one of the wealthiest
landed proprietors in France.
FIVE fashionable and leading New
York clubs have succumbed within the
past four years, which speaks well for
the increase of domestic virtues and
married felicity in Gotham.
A NEW-YORK butterfly, giving her or
ders to her modiste, said I want
all the lace on my dress you can get on.
I want real lace I do not limit you in
price I leave you to select it."
NEARLY all the young gentlemen have
their overcoats made with a pocket in
one side, lined with flannel or fur, in
which a lady may slip her hand when
walking on a cold winter's evening.
EDWARD BRYANT was buried at the
bottom of a well forty feet deep, in St.
Johnsbury, Vt., last Wednesday. His
body was recovered after twelve hours,
unceasing toil by a large force of neigh
bors.
THE young ladies' cooking match for
the $75 silver set, at the Columbus
(Ga.) fair, commenced a few days ago.
There were a number of entries, and the
young ladies were serving up some ex
cellent eatables.
THE late Mr. Buckingham Smith,
formerly a lawyer in Portlam, but of
late a resident of St. Augustine, Fla.,
has bequeathed about $35,000 to erect
a hospital for the exclusive use of col
ored people at St. Augustine.
WM. A. W. WHITE, a New York news
boy and bootblack, has just been in
formed by a relative, that conseqent
upon the death of his fgrandmother, at
Mullinavat, Ireland, he is the fortu
nate heir to £23,398 or $116,400.
A MOVEMENT is in progress in Texas
having for its object the erection of a
monument to the memory of Deaf
Smith, the celebrated spy, who con
tributed so much by his endurance and
bravery to secure the independence of
Texas.
Tffls little "rodent" squirrels that
swarm in California, are being turned
to account for glovemaking. A com
pany of French tanners pay fifteen
cents a skin. One farmer has trapped
and skinned 30,000 of the little pests of
tjie -grain fields within the last fifteen
months.
A MAN once went to a lawyer's office
and told the legal gentleman that he
had been insulted by a man who had
told him to go to and desired to
know what he should do. The lawyer
suavely said: "I would not advise
you
to go the law don't compel you."
A LITTLE girl was told to spell ferment
and give its meaning, with a sentence
in which it was used. The following
was literally her answer "Ferment.
A verb signifying to work. I love to
ferment in the garden."
A LADY, sitting in the same box of an
opera house with a French physician
was much troubled with ennui, and
happened to gape. "Excuse me,
ma'am," said the doctor, "lam glad
you did not swallow me." "Give
yousrelf no uneasiness," said the lady.
I am a Jewess, and never eat pork."
IN advertising his stolen coat, a man
of Rochester says that if the party who
took the garment will only return the
contents in the pockets and pay for ad
vertising the loss, he can have the coat
or if he will answer the letter which
the owner received from his little
brother, he can have the coat, con
tents and all, providing the photographs
which were in the pockets are not
palmed off as originals of the thief.
A PREACHER, whoso business it was
to indulge in very long sermons, ex
changed with one who preached short
ones. At about the usual time for dis
missing, the audience began to go out,
until nearly all had left, when the sex
ton, who had stood it as long as he
could, walked up to the pulpit stairs,
and said to the preacher in a whisper,
When you have got through, lock
up, will you, and leave the key at my
house next to the church."
THE great Hlinois river dam at Henry,
which was completed October 21st, is
a perfect success, and there is now fully
six feet of water on Tree-top Bar, for
many years so serious an impediment
to the navigation of the Upper Hlinois
during seaaons of low water. The dam
is 8 feet high. The lock, which is 75
feet wide and 325 feet long, will soou
ba completed. The whole work—the
dam, with its extensive wings, and the
lock—will cost about $550,000.
THE "Policeman Ballads," or "War
and the Military," just out in London,
has the following sharp distinctions,
which strike us as being the old
story
of Alexander the Great and the robber
versified:
By a generalship's requited
He who brings a lot to grief
Kill ten thousand hell be knighted
Double that, commander-in-chief.
Fifty thousand, through tills berego
Long he'll have his praises sung
Half a million gets a peerage
Kill but one and you gets hung."
AN Iowa gentleman,who was involved
in domestie troubles, met with a genu
ine "Job's comforter" the other morn
ing. Meeting an old friend, who was a
widower, he related his troubles to
him, and told him he expected to be
broken up, as his wife had commenced
suit against him for the sum of three
or four thousand dollars alimony.
Well, says the widower, 111 wait
aud see how she comes out, and if she
succeeds I'll go for her.'
A FEW nights since, in Trenton, New
Jersey, a lady was awakened by tlie
cries of her infant, and placing her hand
on its face, found it wet. Stri'dng a
light she found to her horror thai the
babe was eovered in many places with
blood, and was suffering terribly.—
Medical aid was at once rendered, md
an examination showed the child 1 be
bitten, it is believed, by a rat (the
3
vm-
ily having been greatly annoyed by
them lately.) The teeth had bee in
serted between the fingers, on the adS
of the fingers and on the arm.