THE SPIRIT QF DEMOCRACY.
.if
1IEXI6Y R. WEST, Publisher ami
.Proprietor. 1
HENRY II. WEST, m
JfiUE AVILU.VJIS. J Editor?.
sni"it 1 i" vr i j
I Woiislfeld, Oct. 17. I87K
A vnrWri' of hearts, a union of hands,
"!A.dmoa that1 noDe-niay sever; .a
Ok' nttfort of lakes; a' union of lands i
Thy Ai eh,ioa'nUnion FwttVER;"'
m f idi i until i-.ttu iio n
Hiw l j r
rcss all letters:,,.
-aiVTa ftnx .Fi, Dekucuact,"
jWdrtsfeU. f'Ti r
(b1iUi.j Monro4: County,
.J)Cl) gV-llioY liH:i!; ..'i nil' Ohio.
97ifn1 ici.i 7K-.; it w j!i!t."i iili
JuEhe -jresuU.iof tip (elections-. held in
Ohio, Pennsylvania anil Iowa, on the
rtnW'Victpry for the followers
uf ffe(lit'Xc1miiistration.' '.'.To eain
TirV Radical
IVWtjfc Ahineiw millions i of dollars, into
Obtontt rWrejlvaftia and openly' off
erMtheVmohey 'fb'rotes.' The Ad
ministration, ordered; the Department
Clerks to Iheit ioucaiivote the Radi
os .lJcket;VJtotn,.wgM Djano,- Ak?r
Wa tlld Grant nroc to Ohio,; the two
fo'rjroeij'to' &k speeches' for their badly
fnaun'cd'aithere'nts;
-iXiih Jhe appliauca .p money, fraud
and Ieideptionv'ahd ,thc .aid. of Demo-
criflbHfli'o neglected to vote, nthe Grant
A9ti.'f j!L'4'.''4?iU wtM 41'..... iM..lf.i. 1-,..
4iiuiiiuiauuiiiu rvii ait- ijtuuj mu
thjjhdefeted Uiis year the' gallant
Baraecracyi-of Obiu, yer ,truo to. the
teachings of the fathers, Arc ready and
'M&ffiaki fbthf 'contest of 1872,. which
istp'uedae' whether this "Government Is
0rO i: i
tpe f nled.by; the principles. ,hiid clown
byWAsmNGTON,' Jefferson, Madison
ancfMomo' !&rby the Baj'onets and
ity 'jpf the
imjsses Sf.atiil.iijjiaji' lead- to predict
ihat in 1872x tlie principles advocated
ljy t3?l?nioxrattd party will be Bifppdr
tljTwg&arity'1 of the people
aq& glorious. jViutory which! w)ll re
jisl ,pce,'pr6sperity and good will
tojrardjall ment North, iSoulh, East and
Wewill t heralded 'Uiroughout the
tpw?d'o. civUizatiod with -.great-Joy
The ISew Lopn tn' Europe.
"WASoiKGTOs'CKtdher 4 Secretary
Boqtwell ia.yqry indignant that the con
tpU'ic;As$i.BtRiit Secretary Hichard
oxd' eJf r n;nj. London qn the Syndi
cafe Jeakfd oj,it oCi'Uie Treasury, and in
Bumatf; hat the couetrucUoq which has
liepUiffiven tPiit is in. tlue interest of the
tofck jobbers. 19 rJ(adrois,:.,however,
ina u (lie r avranoenienis jor Benom
lnqre of! ,-hei bonds to Europe have been
eliwidqpcd i that Richardson, writes t'jat
h-ha :i0. twenty r millions more of
bpnda on hand .than can lc. deposed, of,
and ihat no,-; subscriptions have been
p;iid..yetjbey ond. the fiyeper cenU. raar-
gWipaii at, fJjei Uado, of subscribing.
Bjs.WhenJetters.'ffomM London, received
hBrei'UiisJearned tuatisulisci ibers to tlie
Syndicate, ,cliarg,. that they have not
btek honorably dealt wi(,h, and that the
bond3 :wre, manipulated above par,, to
ii)duce.ruoscriptioQSi and then iejl off
to two and a half per ..ccut,' below; par,
when the-bondswero-feady for delivery.
Less than;ilyrtifyirertiaLri, iwuicn
ap:these. subscriptions will have to be
rWad irtjwhich',tbei Secretary f "the
treasury have. to.'raise 100,000,000
ih'goid, to.rc5pcm' the'..'five-twcntics pf
wbicUictice was given io August.; "A.
Tha bubblo haft burst at lust. and the
people hafn that the great hurrah sent
fdrthf 'By tlie eA'dministratio over the
cuccess of the ew.ioaa in.' Eur'ope,"tiad
the determination of the Radical leaders
W deceive the people, and, .by t.o doing,
iiifluerii? tie electtoris, held on the 10th
insf'fforrthe;benefit',''of their,' party.
Tfatffa, Vut; t!e estentjOf thifinan
ciJfbility of .Boctwix and the, others
wt maflrge the financial policy of the
Gkast Administration. 7 v!
Pajmasters''. Accounts Ordered
.-.fui:-i Settled.
t)rdr have been issued at the Treas
ury1 -foil the settlement of all paymasters'
accounts which are four years behind.;
ADt!Ltfa;force,! it is said, will adjust
therttll Htlthin; a year.- The. accounts
of 'the' idcfanlting Paymaster.' Hodge
liav hwbeen settled since. March, 1867
I'tleftam from' Washington.'
jTlit'is ft fair fptcimen. of the' Kad
1cy r ipoe" 'of transacting business.
What jou!f( ..be thougLt of a'.man',' in
aoyr kind, of business w.Iko accounts
werB'lPoOr years behind" in' their set
trerhent. He cou!d not oliiain credit
ft irva j'jrow of .'piu.sL' Aie"the 1 people
aofpriaed ai.jlhe .humcroijs defalcations,
when ibdsinef ia conducted in such a
loo manner There is not a corner
groceiy in OfiicV that allows its settle
ments to riinjjvilU.j he manner recited
Vv?i 7
"Thatho people arc robbed of mill
ions every year, is to be ejected under
lutth nKs-manageiwcTiL f
b.'s fjw in i i .;n
'30ovcnuit Davis,' of Tekas, and
tho',' Cra'ht '''Admmrslration' 'have tlie
tliflnks'fff thp Democracy of (tlic United
States.;for ther,ri.iiCenn.i A'iilainy jn,that
Stat?, the tesult of which is a glorious
Jjcniocratic'victoryv 1
Jia)jdiitliaiil Ilcjiitralion ail to in
timidate Democrats
Gatliri gtinVoT a. Despotism.
Tho FruuI ot TammanT and
'I'heir LeRHUu,
Tlie a-rgrcgate ainohnt out of which
the Tammany ring" has defrauded New
York City within the hist eight years is
not yet accurately known; but it may
possibly foot up one hundredth "part as
much as tho swindles at Washington
Citv during tlie same time.
Tlic machinery lor this Nuw York
plunder system was organized by the Rc
publicans eight or nine jears ago, when
the S'.ltc wa Republican and the city
Democratic. Tin? Repnlilicxn Legisla
ture took the government of the city out
of tlie control of its people, and placed
it in the hands of creatures ot the Lcg-
islatwnv Nw York City-trow governed
a Albany. JVtanU of fyipcrvteorsjonet
half of whim were takpn from each
party.and who acknowledged, ao respon
sibility to the people,' were made the
city's ni'er.
.Into this inviting field corruption en
tered and took possession. The "Tam
many rifig run the Supervisors, and the
Supervisors ran the city. Two years ago
when a new cliaiter was granted the city
in spie of tho vehement protests of the
Young Democracy, headed by the New
York World, the. corruption breeding
features of the former, system were main
tained by the aid of nearly every Repub
lican vote in the Legislature.
Recent disclosures revealed the vi;J
lainies that have been practiced, and the
rascals ore about to be brought to jns-
tlCC. K-..!
Three or four of thd principal rogues
profess to ;.helong to the DcmVcratic
party now what has teen the conduct of
that party?
DM the Democrats try to cover up the
rascalities.. of their officials Did they
attempt to obstruct the Administration of
stern justice Did they endeavor to de
fend, palliate, or excus'eJ the offenses
Did they even strive' to abate lhe;storm
of, indignatioA by keeping .silent?.
On the contrary.tltcre. has irst been an
efficient 1 measure adopted for bringing
the eulprits to speedy punishment but
what has been inaugurated and prosecu
ted by Demoerate. Tho Democratic
State Convcntiok notohly dtfnotinced,in
strong terms tbecottipt practices of its
members, but it absolutely excluded tlie
Tammany delegates, from the Conven
tion, although they. were the only dele
gates from5 the eity having any claims to
regularity.- It went futther. It broke
down and prostrated ..Tammany .as a po
litical organization so utterly and com
pletely tliat that body can never secure
another delegate in another Couvention.
It is thus the Democratic party treats
those who abuse power oVtaiiied through
Us agency. .t
But if New York had 'one sore pom
its body,'Yashington is n eplire carrton
of festering corruplipn' Federal plun
derers cau sliow a tho'nsand ill gotten
dollars where Tammany cannot: showa
dozen.'J"';j 1 i.-ii.:
What ha9 been, tlie 'conduct of the
Radical Convention toward its swarms
of swindlers! r
1 1 Not a sentence of disapproval. .Not a
word of bringing Iherti tojstice. Not'a
syllable to hint, that 4, peony was efir
wrongfully taken by"a Radical official.
On the contrary the .Radical; Conven
tion warmly endorse tlie administration
which fellowships with the swindlers and
shares in the plunder. lAll the Radical
leaders unite their voices in a universal
roar of virtuous indignation over the
discovery of three or four rascally Dem
ocrats, whilo tlie three or four thousand
professional plunderers of their on
party command, their' gushing admira
tion i'. i;
Surely the man is stupidly blind who
cannot clearly see in such evidences con
vincing, proof that as, ah: organization
the Democratic party -is immeasurably
superior to the Republican ia open hear
ted, candor and sterling integrity'. If
Democrats have reason to blush for three
or four of their otfidaUi they have
greater reason, for pride jmd exultation
that their party, true to its tirue honored
teachings, has openly exposed therecre
ants, and Visited upon "them the punish
ment they richly doservea.
The Policy of the .Republican
Parfy Is lo Keep Lp, Taxation.
;The New Yo'ik Herald, one of the
ablest Radical, papers' in the United
States, places the following low esti
mate upon Secretary Bodtwill and his
financial policy I ...i
"The truth is, the policy of the .Re
publican party and Mri'Boutwbll is lo
keep up taxation and a large revenue as
far as possible to': afford protection to
the manufacturers.' A Were ''it
not for the wonderfuLresfturces .of the
country, and surprising industry of the
people, Mr.:'BoutvtlJ-W!twltr -Cud ihim
self in an embarrassing situation. What
ever good he mavtTvexmc"; has been
forced opon him. 'A,a WHanc' Min
ister he is incapable apda Jaihire." l'..-
The Election.
The Republican majority in Ohio is
about 20CC0'""
The House of Representatives will
stand, Democrats 50,Republicans 55; the
Senate 19 Democrats to 17 Republicans
In Pennsylvania tlie. Republicans have
a majority Of from 8,000 to 15,000.
The Legislature is Republican,' which
insures the-re-election: of Simon Came
ron to the:U. S, Senate. If that is
gratifying to the people of that State,
they are welcome to the gratification.
Tlie Election In Noble County.
From the Noble County Republican.
"David S. Spriggs, pulling forward
by the ears, and Benjamjx F. Spkiggs
at the tail pulling backward with might
and main, is a little more than the Goth
ic war house of the Democracy of No
ble can 6tand. You may look for some
thing to pull apart next Tuesday."
Jts3 so, f Belfoud defeated the Rad
ical candidate for, Clerk.-
D. S: Sprigos, slaughtered Dalzkll
for Prosecuting Attorney.
B F. Spkiggs, Esq Democratic can-"
didate for Representative,, pulled 3'our
majority of 2So down to a tie vote, and
then, upon drawing lots, defeated your
candidate for the Legislature.
i That Js what" we. "call1 a successful
"poll."
IS CHICAGO DOOMED?
THE CITY RVRRfXG DOITIT,
i Dozen more Hlocks of Frame
lioi'ses In Ase.
.tllies of Tenement Retrojed
aud Loss Incalculable.
Citizens Stricken U'itli Fear and
Panic.
Threatened Destruction of Entire
..oilji-r.'j
Chicago; 1 2 :45 A M To night is
the most awful in the annals of the city.
The lire, whrc 1 commenced at ten P. Mi
ha already swept ovj.r a apace at least
three times as large as that of last night,
and is still rushing on with greater fur)'
than has marked any stage of its prog
ress, the engines appearing almost pow
erless. Fire-Marshal WilTiani3 has just
telegraphed to Milwaukee for all the
steamers they can sparc.,
The conflagration has already devas
tated at least twenty blocks, mostly
composed of the smaller class of dwell
ings, and inhabited by poor people. Not
lesij "than three hundred, buildings haw
been entirely destroyed, and more than
that number of families rendered home
less. r
The wind is blowing almost a gale
from the South, and showets of sparks
land boards are sweeping over the city,
threatening destruction on every hand.
Since this report commenced two ad
ditional alarms have been struck, and
the tower of the Court-house caught
from thcying brands, but was extin
guished by a watchman in the tower.
No description cau give an adequate idea
of tho terrible-scene.
The fire started in a row of low wood
en tenements on DeKowen street, be
tween JetTerson and Cliuton, and, as was
the case last night, spread, with terrible
rapidity, and, before., a single engine
coivhl get. on the ground, .half of, the
block was in flame aud burning furious
ly. The entire Department w?.s oon
on hand and at work, for a time U
seemed probable that, they would suc
ceed iu confining it to four or five
Mocks The wind was blowing freslrly
when the fire started, and increased to a
gale, and suddenly the flames seemed to
spread in every direction, becoming be
yond the control of the .Fire Depart
ment.
Chicago, 1 :15 A. M. The1 fire is still
raging 1 with 1 increased fnry. It has
spread almost with the velocity of the
wind, and has now reached West Mon
roe trect. distance of more than a
mile from where it started, and it cov
ers a breadth of nearly half a mile,
reaching from- tfee. river to Jefferson
street. The district already burned
embraces an immermc twmibcr of lumber
3'ards ami the freight depots af the Chi
cago and St. Louis and Pittsburg; Fort
Wayne and Chicago Railroads. The
property already destroyed counts up
many millions of dollars, and perhaps
the half is not told. The task of ar
resting it now eee'ma fivefold greater
ihan an hour ago, and no one dare ven
ture the opinion as to when or where it
'will slop.
Brands from the fire' were blown
across to the east side of the river and
set a wooden building on fire directly
adjoining Chicago Gas-house. The Gas
house flames spread in every, direction.
The adjoining, buildings being all of the
tinder-box kind,the i prospects is that the
Gas house will lie destroyed and the
city wrapped in darkness
A terrible panic is prevailing through
out the whole city. Almost everybody
men, women and children are in the
streets. Praying, weeping aud. wailing
is heard in every direction. It now
looks as if the whole city must be de
stroyed.
Of course large numbers of lives
have been sacrificed, but how many and
who can not be known until the prog
ress of the flames has been arrested -r-The
alarm bell has just commenced
ringing an unceasing peal, which is in
tended to call every sleeper from his
bed.' The panic is increasing and the
people seem almost crazy with alarm-
The vessels in the river tare catching
on fire in every direction, and all in the
Sonth River will probably be destroyed.
A raging, roaring bell of fire envel
opes twenty blocks of the city.!. It is
already within a block of the telegraph
office where this dispatch is written, and
sweeping onward, a whirlwind of flame,
agam6t which human efforts are power
less, and it is impossible to tell where it
will stop;
The bridge across Van Bnren street
is burned, the shipping in the river, the
cars on the tracks of the Chicago and
Alton and Fort Wayne Railroads, with
the immense freight house there, are
swept away. No language can describe
the awful scene. The flames sweep
through the blocks of wooden-houses
with the rapidity of a prairie fire; Thou
sands of people Oil the streets, rushing
out of dwellings, in many ipstances,
barely in time to save their lives.
IK j
THE FIKE SATURDAY RIGHT LOSSES,'- IX
SURAXCE, &C.

Chicago, .October 8. About one
o'clock this morning, shortly after send
ing the last dispatch detailing the prog
ress of the fire in the Western Division,
the flames, were arrested and under com
plete control' of the Fire Department,
and 1 am now enabled to give a more
intelligent, and greatly modified, esti
mate.of their devastating effects.
'The.8paco burned over; embraces four
blocks, bounded on the north by Adams
street, on the west by Clinton street, on
the south by Van Buren street, and on
the east by. the Chicago. River. Some
four or five buildings within the limits
named remain uninjured. Among these,
Vincent, Nelson .Co.'s grain ware
house, one of the largest in the city, es
caped any serious damage. This is due
to the' fact that piles of anthracite coal
lay between the burning buildings and
the elevator, and by. the continued ap
plication of large quantities of water
The coal piles were prevented from bur
ning. The grounds burned over were
covered with lumber-yards, coal ards,
a plauirfg mill, box factory, varnish fac
tory, etc and a large number of dwell
ings and saloons of the poorer class.
A close estimate of the entire loss
places it at from 250,000 to 8300,000,
with probably one hall or that insured.
The tire had its origin in Lull
Holmes' planing mill, on Canal street,
near Van Buren and as the wind was
fresh from the south, the flames spread
north with great rapidity, and thence
cast, and within the space of half an
hour the whole district, named was all
ablaze, and by one o'clock, or within
two hours after the fire, commenced, the
work was ended.
The following are the leading sufferers
by the fire on Canal street: As 6tated
the fire originated in Lull k Holmes'
planing mill, loss 820,000, with an insu
rance of about 812,000 in the rear of
the mill was-rorties box. factory, loss
83,000, insurance 81,500; next follow
ing were the Excelsjor Vinegar Works,
belonging to J- Weiglelr loss 812,000;
next came the Racine House, Jossi small,
and then followed the Union Wa"6ri
Works, loss 817,000, insuramJe 6,000;
John Sheuffs Son's lumber yard, 865
000, insurance 835,000 Ch ripen Foos'
shingle factory, 850,000, insurance 812,-
500; B. Ilolbrook's coal-yard, loss 83(5,
000, insurance 825.000; Wilmington
Coal Compnnv, loss 830,000, insurance
820,000; blacksmith shop of the. Pitts
burg, Fort-Wayne and Chicago Railroad
Company, loss Si 000.
On Clinton street, with a single ex
ception, the buildings destined weie
of the poorer clas,and owned by Holts.
Lander fe Randall, Hon, B. C- Farwcll,
and A. Watson. The most serious loss
on this street was that of Baltzcr fc Co.,
wagon-makers, who suffer to the amount
of about $3,000, with only light insu
rance.
On Jackson street,. ten houses, owned
by, Ahmson Watson and occupied by
tweuly.-eighu families, who Just -all. ..they -had.
..The balance of the losses on this
street embraced dwelling-bouses and
shopsj liUHiberirig 'from fift)Mne to sixty-seven.
The total loss on this street
will not, probably, exceed 820,000, with
not over one-quarter of that insured.
On Van Buren street only three or
four building were burned, and of small
value. The iron viaduct leading to
Adams "street Bridge was "damaged to
the extent oT 81,000, and the' tracks of
the tMttsburg, Fort Wayne and Chicago,
and Chicago and St. Louis Railroads,
which run right through the burned dis
trict, were damaged probably to' the ex
tent of 82,000 or 83,000.
The saddest result of, this fire was the
burning to death of Mrs. Slargaret
Hadley, living on the north-sid.q. of
Jackson street, who, being suddenly
surrounded by the flames, was unable to
escape. Her remains were, burned to
cinders:- They were found this morn
ing at the place where she was lai&seea
in her house. 1
'It is impossible to learn to night the
exact amount of insurance and all the
names of companies and who are victims.
The entire insurance will probably fall
below 8150,000; probably two. thirds of
the amount is in Chicago offices, and
among the outside companies which suf
fer are the Teutonic and Hibcrhia of
ClcVelattd Piffalo Western and Buffalo
Fire and Marine; Alps, of Erie, Andes,
of Cincinnati Pacific and Union, of
San Francisco Knickerbocker, Repub
lic and Firemen's, of New York Ly
coming, of Philadelphia.
Chicago, October 8.-3 A. M. The
firemen are still at work. Every drop
of water will be applied.
Still Later 3 :30 A. M.--Tliis
morning all the danger was over. The,
fire was under complete voirtrol in every
direction, although the heavens are still
red with the reflection of the great mass
of burning material. Fire-Marshal Will
iams sent numerous engines to their
homes at 9 o'clock this morning. The1
ruins are still smoldering and the en:
incs playing, bt the danger is all over.'
The estimated insurance, furnished
by a person well posted in matter, is
not entirely authentic, as it is based up
on the amount f business done by the
respective companies
Merchants' 815,000, to 820,000;' Mu
tual Security, 85,000. to 810,000; Fire
mens 815000 to 820,000; Beoublic,
815,000 to 820,000; Equitable, 810,000
to 815,000; Home, 85,000; Gcrmania,
810,000 Great Western, 810,000; Com
mercial, 815,000 to 820,000 Knicker
bocker, 85,000; Agencies of,S.; M.
Moore Co., 810,000 to 850,000;'A.i
C. Duca 859,000; Miller fc Drew, 825
000 to 830,000.; O. W. .Barrett fc Co.,
825,000 to 830,000; R W. Hasmer,
815,000 to 830,000 ;.A: James Co.,
825,000 to 830,000 Gorreon Pasco,
810,000 to 850,000; Tcales fc Fisher,
815,000 to 820,000. .In regard to insu
rance it may be safely said that probably
not a single Chicago, company, escaped
with no loss. Fireracns' had -t the limit
her or Chapin Foss' yard; the Tiffiny
placed 89,000 on vinegar factory the
Firemens', of Chicago, place 810,000
on planing mill, and the Gcrmania, of
Chicago, 83,000 6u same.v
From the Cincinnati Enquirer, 10th inbt.
RUINED CHICAGO.
Moat Terrible' Calamity of the
century."
More than Hall the City tn Ashe.
One Hundred Squares Deafrbyed.
Water-Works, ftaa Works, Court
Ilouse, Post office, flanks, Hotel
and Kewspaper Offices Const uiu-
ed.
The
Fire-Proof RuIIdlnga
Avail.
of ho
On Sunday night last, at nineo'clock,
a second fire broke out in the First Di
vision (western) of Chicago, which' has
since proven one of the most disastrous
calamities that ever visited a city upon
this hemisphere. Our edition of yes
terday morning contained dispatches Up
to 1:45 A. M. At that time twenty
blocks were enveloped in flames, the
shipping in the river was on fire', and
the fiend vas rapidly eating its way, into
the business heart of the city.' We con
tinue the history' of the heart rending
catastrophe in as succinct a manner as
the nature of the dispatches will permit.
After the closing of out columns yes
terday morning the next dispatch receive
ed was as follows
2:10 A. M. The block immediately
across the' street frcyn the telegraph of
fice, one of the finest
At this point. communication was' bro
ker, the fire having reached the tele
graph office. Ah office was' opefcodj at
Calumet, ten miles 'out frony the city,
and the dispatches of the Associated
Press were lorwarded by Pony Express.
The next advices were as follows i-.
Chicago October" 9.-9 :45 Xs JI.
The Court house, Sherman House,'Mich
igan Central and Illinois Centra! Rail
road Depots, the Chamber of Com
mefcev Western Union telegraph office,
ana an me intervening wocks. are burn
ea. In order to stop the proeress of
the fire southward from this line, pow
der was brought from the Arsenal and
a number of whole blocks blown up.
The following dispatch was received
at ten o'clock A. M., at St. Louisfroin
Mayor Mason, of Chicago V
'bend. us food for the suffering. Our
cuy is m asues, our water-works are
burnt."
Chicago, October 9 10 A. M. The
entire business portion of the city is
destroyed. All the banks, express and
telegraph offices all the newspaper of
fices, except the Tribune, six elevators,
and the water-works are gone...; There
is no water in the city. Not less thau
ten thousand buildings have already
been destroyed. The fire, has burned a
distance of five miles,and is still raging.
The wind is blowing a gale.
New York, October 9 The follow
ing dispatch has just been received here
by the officers of the Western Union
Telegraph Company:'
s "Chicago, October 9.
"How. Wm: Orton, New Yori:
"We are trying to get established a
Supply Department, but as the fire is
now coming tip' this way.on Wabash
avenue, we will probably be driven out
of here before night. The Water woils
are burned, as' is also every banking-,
house and railroad depot iu the city.'
'J. J. S. Wilson,
Superintendent."
OfXciKNAH, October 9. The follow
ing is from J. J. S. Wilson
Chicago, 10 A. M There is no
water. The fire is now coming sou'.h
on Wabash avenue, and will probably
reach ns before night."
One third of the city is in ruins. All
the banks, insurance offices, Warehouses
and elevators are destroyed. T'lpre have,
been fully ton thousand buildings burn
ed, and the fire is still raging.
Chicago, "October 9 &oon-The
whole Imsine33:portion of the Xity is in
ashes from Harrison' street north to
Chicago avenue and east of the river to
the lake. ITieburnf district is three
miles in length., and from mile to a
mile and a half in width. Every trotel,
bank, express office, telegraph o'Qlce,
theater and newspaper dffice, with all
the wholesale houses in th"e ."city, are
totally destroyed, with many thousand
dwellings.- The Water-woiks wci'e de
stroyed early this morning. The Wind
is blowing a perfect gale from the south
west, with a sky of brass.
No one can tell what the end will be.
The only salvation for the remainder of
the city is in the wind keeping its pres
ent direction. Jbifty thousand people
are homeles8,the most bf them in a des
titute condition. The unburned streets
for' mites are lined with household
goods. No one dares to think what the
loss of life may be. The flames swept
through the city with the rapidity of a
prairie fire, and manj must have per
ished. The Western Union Telegraph
Vompany has sticceected In getting up a
few wires from a hastily impoverished
Office in the southern part of the city,
ahd establishing communication in near
ly all directions. Munificent offere of
assistance are coming from every quar
ter.
EXGLFAVCCD, 10 MlLES FROM CHICAGO,
October 9. 11 A. M. The work of de
struction, continues. More than one
half .of the city is already destroyed,
and lire flames trontifltie, ttieir ravages
almost unopposed. At ab.o'ut oVie o'clock
this morning the hie crossed the .river
at Adams-street bridge, and soon de
stroyed the Gas-works, and then epread
itself in every direction,and at this hour
almost every building from Harrison
street north to Chicago River is destroy
ed, including all the insurance office;,
banks, hotels.telegraph offices and news
paper establishments with the single ex
ception 01 me lttvine omce wuicn is
fire proof.
The Court-house, Sherman House,
Trcmont House, Palmer House, taj
racinc Hotel, new iiigeiow House, m
fact every hotel, and every thing else, is
swept clean.. This district unbraces all
the heavy business houses in the city.
1 he ram of fire and brimstone on So
dom and Gomarrah can hardly be com-
pared to the devastating reign of the
lire fiend in Chicago. More than one
half the population are now rushing
through the streets, in vehicles which are
obtained at enormous prices, on foot
and in every other way.with the choicest
household treasures in their arms and
on their backs, in utter confusion, not
knowing whither to go Fearful suffer
ing must follow, and almost immediate
ly. Fully one hundred and fifty thou
sand people arc at this moment home
les and houseless, not knowing' where
to lay their heads or get anything to
satisfy the cravings- of hunger.
Chicago, October 9. Over 10,000
buildings burned, and the fire still ra
ging, and coming south on Xf abash av
cnue. City Water-Works burned. Wind
blowing a eale.
Chicago, October 9.--Thc awful work
of destruction goes on with relentless
fury. From Harrison street south to
Division street north, and from the riv
er to the Lake, an area of four miles
long by one wide, the flames have swept
everything before them. It is estima
ted that at least 100. 000 people are
homeless and in a suffering condition
The streets in districts still unburned
are lined for miles with such household
goods as have been saved from destruc
tion.. Most generous offers of assist
ance in mouev, food or any thing wan
ted are. coming from every city and town
possible by telegraph. The Mayor has
responded to several offers, asking that
cooked food be forwarded as soon as
possible. Firemen are on their way
here from Cincinnati, Sti Louis and oth
er cities. The Water-works is entirely
destroyed. They are now' blowing up
buildings on the line of the fire, with
an attempt to arrest its progress.'
A GRAFHiq AKD HEART-RENDING ACCOUNT.
'Later. Now it is believed the spread
of the Are: southward has been stayed
at Harrison street,, but on, the. north
side there is no diminution in its fury,
and the entire division of the city is evi
dently doomed to titter destruction, and
there are grave fears that the flames
may spread to the west side of North
Branch River, and the inhabitants of the
streets nearest, the nv.er are already
moving to places of greater safety.
The western Union Telegraph have
now six wires working east and south,
and are moving into a temporary office
C J f 1 1-
uu i ue corner oi Dimw anu oixteemu
streets.
The North-western Railroad is run
hing trains on both its branches, which
are crowded with fleeing citizens.
It is now positively asserted by some
that the Water-works are still intact, but
that the water has been, shut off from
the south and west divisions on Recount
of the quantity being used on the north
side. ,i 1
A. reliable ecntleman, iust arrived
from the north division, brings the joy
ful intelligence that the Water-works are
uninjured. God; grant it may prove
true. It is impossible now to give even
an approximately correct statement of
the losses, but a faint idea may be for
med when it is stated that every bank
in the city, except two small savings in
stitutions, one on Tweuty-second street,
in the South Division, and one on Ran
dolph street, on the West, arc destroy
ed. All the wholesale stores and all the
large retail establishments, the Post
office, Court house, Chamber of Com
merce, and every hotel in the South Di
vision, except the Michigan Avenue Ho
tel, (which, standing oh the extreme
southern limit of the fire, escaped,
though badly scorched) every newspa
per office, the Tribune having finally
succumbed; every theater,. 6ix of the
largest elevators, the immense depots
of the Michigan Southern and Illinois
Central Railroads, both passenger and
freight depots of the latter, and more
than a scorce of churches, and much of
ther shipping in the river. -Men who
were millionaires yesterday morning are
nearly penniless to-day. But more ter
rible than, all is the awful certainty that
many human beings have found a fiery
grave how many, no one can now tell.
Perhaps no one can ever tell; but some
are known to have perished, and there
is a most sickening fear that the victims
of the fiery monster may be counted
by scores. Hundreds of horses and
cows have been burned in stables, and
on the North side numbers, though re
leased from confinement, "were 60 be
wildered and confused by the'seo of fire
which surrounded them that, they rush
ed wildly to and fro, uttering .cries of
fright and pain until scorched and kill-;
ed. Any attempt at a description, of
the sbenes of this appalling calamiiy
would be idle.' The simple facts that
the once great city of Chicago is -destroyed,
that hundreds of millions of
her active capital has vanished, and that
nearly one third of her inhabitants are
homeless dependents, are enough. Any
attempt to embclish 'would" be a mock
cry. As this awful day cVaws to a close,
thousands of anxious eyes watch the
dense clouds of smoke which still roll
over the burnt district, with evident
dread that a sudden change of the wind
may turn the flames upon the portion
of the city 3d spared. There seems,
however, little ...cause, for, apprehension,,
as reinforcements of firemen from oth
er "cities are constantly aniVing.- -Colonel
J. J. S. Wilson, Superintendent of
the Telegraph, is in receipt of dispatch
es from leading cities, announcing that
aid 1s being provided for the sntferers'
Colonel dowry, of St. Louis, telegraphs
"that seYenfy thousand dollars has been
subscribed by 'the merchants. Cincin
nati .promise's 'ore hundred thousand"
dollars, and 'CreVelaui. is proportionate
ly generous. All this and a great deal
more will be needed to relieve the im
mediate pressing wants, and every thing
is being done by-General Stager (md
his assistants to keep up communica
tion for the citizens and press with the
world outaidei Colonel George T.'Wil
liam's Superintendent' of Cincinnati,' re
ported promptly for duty this morning.
About thiee-fourlhs of the United States
mail was saved and taken possession of
by Colonel Wood of the rost-otnee ser
vice. .::r-
FURTHER DETAILS HOW THE FIRE
IN
4 SOUTH DIVISION WAS STOPPED.
Chicago, October 9 6 p. The
progress of the flames in South Division
was finally arrested nbout one o'clock P.
M. This was accomplished by the blow
ing up and demolishing of several build
ings on, Wabash avenue and congress
street, by Lieutenant-General Sheridan.
Thdtrrctburivcdoveritt "South Divis
ion embraces 'everything from 'the main
branch of Chicago to the lake, embracing
about one hundred blocks and this dis
trict contained all the leading business
houses, the banks, iusurance offices', ho
tels, etc.; and a large number of churches,
including St-Mars (Catholic); 'SLTrin
ity, First Presbyterian, Second Presby
terian, St. Paul's, Swedenborgian,; etc.,
The Methodist Church on the cornr of
Wabash, avenue and Congress street is
saved. The Michigan Avenue Hotel, on
the corner of Michigan avenue and Con
gress street, and Congress Hall, directly
adjoining on Congress street, are saved.
Michigan Terrace, on Michigan ,aveune,i
embracing the residences of Lieutenant
Governor Bross, Hon.. John Scammon,
S. C. Griggs, Peter L. Ross and other
leading citizens, is completely destroyed,
with the furniture and nearly all the other
contents. All the newspaper establish
ments are totally wiped out. The Trib
une building resisted the fire for several
hours, but finally yielded when McVick
ers' Theater, immediately adjoining, also
with stood the raging element, but finally
succumbed. In fact, all the buildings in
the District which claimed to be fire
proof share the fate of those iwhiph coidd
make no such claim., The -.great Central
Depot, at the foot of Lake street became
a heap of rnins about nine o'clock. Most
of the passenger cars -of ,He .Michigan,
Central, Burlington and Quincy, and Illi
nois Central Railroad were moved on the
breakwater and saved. Wet of Clark
streeti in the South Division, the fire ex-"
tended south as far as Polks.treet,swecp
iug everything before it. The distance
burned over here is some three blocks
wide and over half amile in length, num
bering about twenty blocks. The build
ings were generally of the cheaper char-.
acter embracing saloons, small shops,
poor residences, etc. The district jbumed
over on the west side commence' at Tay
lor 8t"reet,ruhning from DeKoven to Jeff-'
erson, ran thence .our of five blocks
north and then moved diagonally toward
the river, and hnally the west line was es
tablished on Clinton street and reached
thence to the river. It moved in this line
northward.iuntil it reached., the North
western West Side depots, where it. stop
ped. A distance of nearly two miles from
where it started. Tho P., Ft, W and O
and C. and St. Louis depots were in this
territory. Both passenger and freight
were in this district, and are wiped out.
Almost the entire northern division, from
the main brauch' and Chicago, River, to
Liincoin rark, nearly two macs in .length
and one mile wide, is completely destroy
ed including the Water-works, a, largo
number of elegant churches, etc.. This
statement embraces the district devasta
ted, and embraces almost the entire bus
iness portion of the city,"." .South .of Har
mon street, iu South Division street, and
reaching out many miles, and covered al
most entirely .with dwellings composed
largely of the more elegant class, is un
touched, and may now be regarded as
safe from injury. For miles and miles in
every direction the sidewalks,; lawns, .va
cant lots and front yards of dwellings are
filled with people who have escaped from
these burning dwellings, taking with
them only a scanty amount of furniture
and clothing. The sight is truly ,'pitiful
and harrowing. Unless ttiey receive im:
mediate relief, man', from exposure and
starvation, will perish, of course.: 'As
stated in my previous dispatch, it is utter
ly impossible to make an approximate es
timate of the entire loss, but it can scarc
ely fall below one hundred and fifty
millions, of -dollars. Of course but a
fraction of this amount can be realized
from the insurance.
General Sheridan has lo day telegraph
ed to St. Louis, to the Missouri Depart
ment there, to send at once to Chicago
one hundred thousand rations. He has
telegraphed to Omaha for two compa
nies of regiments of soldiers and one hun
dred tents. They "will be here as soon as
they can reach here by rail. He will also
order another one hundred thouand ra
tions. Mayor Mason has issued a proc
lamation calling a meeting to-night in the
West Division to See what the citizens can
Ldo for the relief of the sufferers. There
are at least 100,000 people who know not
where they can get enough provisions to
satisfy the cravings of hunger. A later
rumor from the North Division says the
devastation is less widespread than here
tofore reported. I hear of no deaths re
ported by the disaster yet, but, undoubt
edly, many hare perished.
To Belmont County Radicals.
You are requested to keep your.spu
riousDemqcrats at home during future
campaigns. 1 he Democrats of Monroe
County don't need, instructions from
such sources. They always vote the
ticket without burdening it with Inde
pendents, who come 'recommended by
spurious Democrats from your county,
whom the Democrats'-had refused to
elect to office after they had been nom
inated.
Another thing. Hereafter nominate
your candidate for Judge and quit your
detestibie, cowardly, skulking, practice
of dodging with a full blooded Radical,
under cover of Independent i
CHICIAGQ'S CALAMITY
The Great Fire Checked ester
y day Morning.
Incendiaries Caught and
filing to linnip Posts.
Five Hundred Fnlted States Sol
diers on Guard Duly.
It -Is Estimated Five kindred Pe'f-
sons isurneu to ueatn.
THE
ORIGIX ANU INCIDENTS
OF THE FIRE.
v .Chicago,, Oct. 10, 3.10 pm. Word is
just brought that a fierce fire is raging
on Ihirty-first street. This street is
two -miles south of the southern fire limit
on the South Side, and a little less than
that from the limit on the West Side.
This has been set on fife fprjthe purpose
evidently of destroying Uie'remairiing
part of the city, largely, occupied by
wealthy residents. It is also,- known
that two men, caught in the act of firing
buildings, have; been shot, and two oth
ers led off with ropes round their necks.
As the wind is blowing a perfect gale
the end cannot be foretold. Further
news will .be forwarded as soon'as re
ceived.
'CHiCAGOr .Oct 10, 4 m. Another
fire, has broken out on the South side of
Thirty--fiTtMTeer, which it 13 feared will
tak;athe Ibalance of! tfee Southern partif
the city.
StiiI" LATf a -A dispatch from 'Chi-
ago dated at 8 p.m. says that the repor-"
says that the repor
rted.'hew attack of fire was greatly over-
A v tl,.AA I, hnn l,o.1
canslit when:7tho flames were,promptlyjtu?g0nncold h
suppressed
THE NORTH SIDE
,It ls.literally true to say that there i
notning remaining 01 inai siue irom tne
river.north to Lincoln Park on the north,
and from tlic north branch of the river
on the' west to jthelake on the east- This
portion, of the. city',except at6ng th$ main
river,-.-cCTYpWd. by, 'dwellings, and two
thirds of the- p'opula'tion" "a?e Germahs
and Scandinavians; ..These- 00W7 .are
homeless,-and are,, some in the frame.
buildings in the northwest- section,-and
others on the prairies, without shelter?.
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE WEST SIDE.
Throughout the long yesterday the re-.
newM of the fires on-'the. west side was
look t,d. for,' and a 'change of five degrees
in the direction of the wind at any time
wpuid have led to that result There
would literally JiaVe been no reftige for
any y.very? one had rclothing packed,
ready to start for the prairie at any;ra0f
ment, but God averted this last possible
addition to. our desolation,
At sundown the wind lulled, s and at 3
o'clock this morning the rain so fervent
ly prayed for came. It did not rain
long but the roofs of houses Und the
ground have been wet, so that how it is
possible to have fires', to cook food for
the multitluev J ,'rZ v
ALL NIGHT MEETING OF CITIZENS. T.
A meeting of citizens was held in the
First Congregational Church,WestWash
ington" street,'4 which Was continued
throughout the night.
Measures were considered to protect
iwha.Dijoperjtjf.was Jet and( prpv4e,f)or
thehpmeiss. 1 k"' 1 8
Messrs.. Richard and Charles Crairte
of the 'Northwestern Man,ufactttrSng
Cpmpahy contrived a plan which; is be
jng put into execution, for providing
water in case of the fire breaking out at
rhhti-rae. The machinerv of the works
lsHcrog-nsed.fdr that purpose.) Engines
and boilers ar6 used for pumping water
frotn the river. t n'l
POLICE FIVE HUNDRED' SOLDIERS' ON DC
Fifteen hundred ciUaens were sworn
in last night as ah extra police fdrccand
the, Secretary of- War authorised Gen.
Sheridan to employ all the available
treSops for guards, and? issue a linhdred;
thousand rations five hundred soldiers
are on duty. -v.
INCENDIARIES HUNG TO itAMP POSTS
This precaution' was necessary, for ns
remarkable, as. it may seem, tbere wee
fiends who' still sou ffht td extendthe dU.
astern Two, men caught in the, act f
firing houses on the. west side wereseii-
ed and immediately hung toa Iamp-pt0?,
one on Twelfth street near the river, and
another three miles away on ;Clayborh
avenue, bn th north side this samma
ry; action has' Checked the thieves afltl
tnardercra. 1 '',,','v
HELP FROM ABROAD.- Uc)
1 The arrival -dr firemen' and engines
from Milwaukee St Louis'and other cit
ies has appareritlf restored confidence
The Cincinnati train arrived this morn
ing with four engines, three from that
city and one from i Day ton. :i They were
seventeen hours on -the way, having to
change the. route twice. 'They 'finally
came via Piqua. and Logahsport j
There-was an inexpressible pleasure in
seeing these experienced men go right to
work,in a business way whero.work was
most needed. They are playing on coal
piles lo save whatever .of fuel is possi
ble, and preventing further spread of the
P'.!-" f f
WHAT TflE PEOPLfi ARE DOING.
The vast plain is covered with people
wanderinjr abont seeing the evidences ot
a wealth that has completely vanished in
flames and smoke.
.BUSINESS MEN OF NERVE.
I A few business men with some nerve
are seeking houses for business on the
west side. Rooms that rented last week
Ifor Jlftg dollars, now readily command
five.housand. There are not many of
these, but enough to afford a nucleus for
business. f -,t-
i THE NEWSPAPERS.
The newspapers will 1 bo started again
In a few days or a week. Hon. Joseph
Medilh of the Tribune, who is one of
the sufferers, succeeded yesterday in
leasing a brick building on Washington
street at the tuiinel,purchased two single
cylinder presses used in job offices on
the west side, and has telegraphed east
for paper and type, there being nothing
left here.
Mr. Storey, of the Times, will erect a
rough' one story building and begin the
issue pf his paper as soon as material
can be procured.
The Journal is provided for on the
West side.
The Post, Republican and Staats Zei
tuiig will also arrange for. business as
soon as practicable, but everything must
come from elsewhere; There i3 nothing
left here for the business.
Water for drinking and household use
is procured from the lake and parks, and
for housas from the river.
PEOPLE CAMPED OUT HOW THEY ARE FED.
There are a thousand people camped
about four miles out, and perhaps as
many more at Lake View and on Fulton
avenue, near Prairie avenue. The pob
pie are being fed. in the. remaining chur
ches, school houses in sheds,and by the
road Bides., Itwas cold and -chilly this'
morning, causing great suflering, but is
now clearing np again; but instead of.
thijs being welcome, the people are pray-1
lug for more rain, so fearful are they of
a continuation of. the fire. This ia the
situation. this morning."
INCIDENTS OF THE FIRF.
Further information wilPbe sent as
rapidly as received, meanwhile we give
a report of the fire and its incidents, es
pecially prepared for the Associated
Pres8,by Ihose'who'witnessed and fought
the flames throughout
...T ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
Late Sunday evening a boy went into1
a stable on DeKoven street," near" thai
river, pri, the west 'side to rnilk a cow
carrying with liim a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by the cow, and
the burning fluid scattered among the
straw.. SuCjJi.wasJdie bcgi.nning of tho
greAt flr. fA single extinguisher jon thjl
ground, or the active work or the'police
m tearing down one or two snanuen
would" have brevented tne spreading oT
hc flames, but Urn engines ,w.eie waited.
tor, unci when tne.nremenarrivej, aoipe;
Bed by their exertions. at the fire on Sat
urday night, they worked so 'slowjy and
clumsily their efforts were unavailing.-
The wind from tho southeast blew a gale
rapidly the dames shot from house to"
house.and from boardyard to boardyard,
until the disiri6t Ittrrtfed the night befors
was reached. -v. ,-;s
SPREAD OtTHE FLAMES.
Mcan-while, the flames had crossed, the
river north of Twelfth street to the soutlt..
side, and made for the brick and stphjj
business blocks, railroad and freiglit.. de-i
pots, and manufacturing establishments'.
Only now the full extent of the danger
was realized for the firstr timer. The Srf
uepartraeni.aireaoy .urevi uui, ttui;
Qroes j the Mayor and hisWM;:.'
ertfient. that had .Bupinely. resd,:n6w
uegan. to. ,exerv!.wiemsevEs,.ou.iuwr
portnnity. had been lost. The time when
up-' buildiHgs or prepared for the emer
J eehey, was rieglectedrand it wai noir a
ngIit,lor me. .fire wina uiuwiuv a :uu
gale had possessi6A tdf the flames, and
the beafttf fed. clldiiig jChic's Wrjrt t
a.y before theni. ri;; .T V
Harrison, Van Buren, Adams, Monroe
and Madison streets, weye soin Teached
the intervening blocks, from Si& river to
Dearborn street, on the cast, being con.
Sumed. Three,fourths of a mile of briclc
hlor'ts wprfi Artnsiimfitf as if bv lttarf'?.'-i
It being, Sunday, proprietory iand '"em3,
p!oye3 were at hQme,utterly unconscious;
of what- was transpiring. j..;T.hose .who y
saw the flames snpposed ltn was tie,r-.ii
mains of Saturday night a fire, and aav-j
mg" conndencc in tne nre department
were1 uncohcerned J but between eleven
and lwelyc-0'clock.a rumor got abroad
that the fire was ia the business portion
of the city, when 'people commenced!
running. Then horses were brought into
requisition to fake proprietors and olh?.
ers to thtf conflagration; A
i What a scene met their gaze. The
Board of Trade, Court House, Western
Union Telearaph andTAssociated Press"
Office, and hundreds of other buildings
were all aflame the,, air.. was.n4led witu
live coals Wjhich were harfed td, tie north
east, a besom of destruction. s r
The fire engines were powerless fof
saving. All that the men could ;do was
to blow up buildings, but this 'availed
but little. The Times, Tribune, Repub
lican, Journal, and other newspaper offi
ces, the Western news .Company, the
Blockgeld establishment, jthe 5 1 Drake
Block! recently 'builtFarwells 4; Go?8, lV i
were soon in ashes j It seemed that no
sooner had the flames struck a wall,than
it went directly (hrongb, and'a Very few
minntes sufficed to destroy l. thfet most
elaborately built strncture. The' waHs
melted -and the very brickswcrtfcoii-
sumedi. tf v r nciuviii: J.-iv.'..
The .wooden pavements took firei niia
king a continuous sheet Of flame two
mites lorrg and a mile wide;? No human
being could possibly survive many min
utes. Block, after block fell, and the red
hot coals- shot higher and higher and
spread-farther &M farther,until the north J
side was a vast sheet of flam from the
river to .the lake.- ,3. ,1
At one. time, so hnlmcl:,ia,- were the
people that i it was expected that thou
sands must perish.-,-.Ibe ShernjarivvTre
mont, and other hotels were emptied. 01
their contents, and a remarkable sight
presented itself in the hurrying throngs
witt trunks," or ag37Tor saqks cn;lheir
shoulders,- 'fleeing,' Amid the. flame's or
their lives-thosc who'cdula makiha for
the remaining bridges others got next
to the hake shore, and so to the south; Y
i
TUfi LASXXJWNIN(.,p.FJ,I5Ej4jJtj
But one, block in all thiast business
section remained at daylignt,ihS"Tribtlne
block. Thepustom House and Itonore
block, on Dearborn, -'street had btirnedj
and those who had. "fought the flames
here,thought the Tribune block could be
saved, anda patro! of men,-under Sani
uel Medill, wept off live coals and put
out the flames- on the sidewalks, and an
other lot of men, under the direction of
Hon. Joseph Medill; watched theYoof;-
1 At half-past seven o'clock this appear
ed safe,1 and most of the men went to 'get'
rest and food A number went to slcep
in the Tribune'bniidingC'but fhere was a"
change of wind,:an4 the flames reached -Wabash
avenue, Slate ..street and lichl-.,
gan avenuei' and soon Mc.Vicker's thea;
ter caught fire.aud in a few moments the
Tribune office was in flames. At the last
moment the sleeping men were aroused
and rescued from the fldnies.
By ten o'clock in the .forenoon.this re
mainingBrock"wa3"ln"ashe3.' MOST REMARKABLE SIGHT THE.WORLD EVER
saw. v'V;y?
Now Was to be seen the most remark
able sight ever beheld in this or any
other country. There were from fifty
to seventy -five thousand men, women
aud children fleeing by every. available
street and alley to the south ward and
westward, attempting to save their cloth
ing and their lives.'
Every, available vehicle Was brought
into requisition, for the nse bf hlch
enormous prices were paid, and; streets
and sidewalks presented the Bight of
thousands of persons and horses ides'
tricably commingled. Poor people of
alt colors and shades, and every nation;
ality, from Europe.China and Africa,raad
with excitement, struggled j with each,
other to get away. t' Ht
suffering children! t!'
Thousands were trampled under.fo.pt
men and women were loaded with bun-.
dies of their household goods, to whose
skirts were clinging tender infants half
dressed and-, barefooted all seeking.
place of safety. Hours afterward these,
might have been seen; in vacaut lota, or
in the streets tar- oui in tue suouros
stretched. out in the dust. These are the
ifferiug. These are the lambs who
Christ now calls on the rich of this
world to "feed and clothe." God help
them if the heart of man shall prove Ob
durate.

A PITIABLE SIGHT PEOPLE CRAZED AND
v DRUNK., .V,
One of the moat pitiful'' sights -was
that of a middle-aged woman on-Sata
street, loaded with btidies, struggling'
through the crowd and singing- ;tha
Mother Goose Melod-; "Chickeryick-:
ery, crancy crow, I went to, the welltui
waslu my toe," eta There were hun
dreds of, othersj likewise dis.ticte(l, arid
many .rendered desperate by. whiiky t.?
beer,; which, from excessive thirst U the"