Sunday Edition. October 29
i Lina Edwin’s Theatre.— Mlle. Anneo has
Certainly made this handsome little theatre the homo
Opera Bouffe, and a very lively, amusing and
—table home she appears to bo making ot it.
comm., occupied the bo:rda during the first
*‘La "but gave way on Thursday to
half of the past Wee*., rt ra of “Fleur-de-The.”
Lecocq’s charming litt’e regarding this
Consideijabie interest was express*'* n-rau had
attempt to produce an opera which Mf. -’<i
first presented to the New York public on ihu
of the Theatre Francois, with all the advantages
plenty of stage room, gorgeous scenery and a fine
cast. The theatre, therefore. was crowded on Thurs
day night with a fashionable and highly expectant
audience. This orera of Lccocq’s is really a very
enjoyable one—lull of sparkling music, which affords
both orchestra and performers a good opportunity of
displaying their abilities. The plot is a most amus
ing one, affording frequent out orlunities for the de
velopment of manv comical situations.
For presenting “Fleur-de-fho” in the handsome
find very complete manner in which she has done,
Mlle. Aimee deserves the thanks of the New York
public. The cast is a very strong one, with but one
exception, and the ease and good taste with which
the music was interpreted on Thursday night proved
that frequent and careful rehearsals had been gone
through.
First and foremost was Aimee herself, as lively,
vivacious, and, if possible, more fascinating than
ever, in the character of the wife of Pinson
net, a oantiniere from the French war-ship La Pin
tado. Into the part of the fond but jealous wife she
throws an amount of animation, and occasionally of
sentiment, which cordially enlisted the sympathy of
her audience, and it is almost needless to remark
that her singing was all that could be desired. The
cantiniere song in the opening scene was encored,
find was but a prelude to many similar marks of
approval as the opera progressed. Much, however,
fis Mlle. Aimee did to make this opera a success, she
did not have to bear the burden on her own shoul
ders, for Messrs. Duchesne and Edgard proved able
assistants in contributing to the general triumph.
M. Duchesne, as Vien-Vien, Chief of Police in Pekin,
displayed great judgment and good tasre in his get
up, which was of the mosl comical description; and
although his voice is not -o good as we can remem
ber it, the deficiency in this respect is amply com
pensated by his really clever acting. M. Edgard was
most amusing and very effective in tho part of Ka-o
lin, displaying excellent qualities as an actor. In
deed, the very clever manner in which he and M.
Duchesne played into each other’s hands was quite a
flramatic treat. M. Noe was the Pinsonnet, and al
though he is both graceful and good-1 oking, he pos
sesses but very moderate abilities as eiiher an actor
or a vocalist. This was the only weak point in the
cast, and that may be said to have been weak only
from a contrast with the o x her artists we have
mentioned. Madame Hache made an excellent and
very pretty Fleur-de-The, acting with much quiet
humor, and affording a very reasonable excuse for
the admirauon and infidelity of Pinsonnet. The
Chorus was not large, but was what was much bet-
ter, effective, and the orchestra also showed that
every care bad been taken to make the opera sue
cessful. “Fleur-de-The” will, in all probability,
have an extended run at this theatre. A matinee J
performance will be given on urdny.
Stadt Theatre.—Mr. Wachtel gave a splon-
did rendition of AmoZd, in the opera of “William 1
Tell,” last week. Every new part which this great 1
tenor undertakes but further "proves the wonderful i
capacity and robust power of his great voice, and 1
Bhows his versatility as an actor. His success in
Arnold was very great, and critical audiences nightly i
applauded him with the utmost enthusiasm. On i
Monday he sustains the part of Raoul in “The Hu- i
guenots.” He will be grand in this part. 1
i
Prince Galitzin’s Russian Concerts.— t
Prince Galitzin, a Russ an nob eman of acknowl- t
edged musical abi'.it’es, announces a series of Rus- i
sian concerts, to be given slier iy at Steinwway Hall.
The entertainments are, we suppose, intended party I
as a delicate compliment to our long-expected visit- 1
or, the Grand Duke A exis, whose coming is creating
so much stir in fashionab o circ.es. A large and ca- 1
joable chorus and orchestra have been provided, and 1
Dur public will now have an opportunity of hearing
genuine Russian music for the first time, we believe, c
in this country. The Russian national songs have a i
charm peculiarly their own and Russian operas, i
though by no moans numerous, are not unknown on
the boards of European theatres. As selections from
Borne of these works will ba given, we shall have an j
opportunity of becoming acquainted with what is to 5
Americans*a new school of music.
San Francisco Minstrels.—Those popular i
favorites continue to night y furnish an entertain- i
ment that appears to give very great satisfaction, and 1
their hail is, in consequence, generally well filled, c
During lire past week Mr. Templeton sang “The t
Queen of the Sea” very nicely, and gained much ar- c
plause for his vocal performance. D. S. Wambold
rendered with great feeiing “Little Footsteps,” and i
VVm. Dwyer, “Lottie Lee.” Backus sang “Hunkey
Doree,” and Birch illustrated natural bistory by an
amusing description of a menagerie. A very nicely
arranged concerted piece brought the- first part to a•-
close. Might we here suggest to the talented come- I
dians of this clever company that if they purpose 1
keeping up their reputation for novo ty at all, it is i
time they slightly altered the ancient jokes with 1
which they have tor some time been favoring us A 1
good song can scarcely be heard too often, but a
conundrum or joke very soon gets stale. “Komo
and Kiss Me” has been retained on the programme, 5
and Messrs. Newcomb, Gibbons, Cheever and Ken-
nedy sung and danced acceptably. As “The
Medical 8 udent,” Billy Birch was exceedingly
funny, and in “Fooling with the Wrong Man,”
Backus and West afforded much fun. The Dancing j
Quartette are as greatly admired as ever, and Billy
1 West’s localisms are always enjoyed. Signor Salcedo
plays solos On the cornet-a-pis on to the evident sat-
isfaction of the spectators, and “T..e Black Nightin- i
gale” forms a fitting finale to an excellent perform
ance. To-morrow Mr. Pedro Sterling, from iho Lon-
don Christy’s Mifistrels, will make his first appear-
ance, and as bo is already favorably known as an
accomplished comedian, wi.l bo likely to prove a
great hit. Several sketches and farcical interludes
will also be presented, and another weeks’ fun may
be anticipated.
Bryant’s Minstrel.s—Dan’s groat company
have again been euccessiu y exerting themselves for
the üblic pleasure, and tae various items on the
programme at his opera house been arranged in a
manner that could not but prove successful. Dan
Bryant relates anecdotes wi h great humor, having
a knack of telling them so. that even very weak jokes
prove irresistible. Neise Seymour uses his legs with
great effect, and Dave Reed lends his assistance in the
general inn. Little Mac and B g Mac are never miss
ing, and the carnival of fun at Dan Bryant’s is un
surpassed. Matinee on Saturday.
Tony PAstqr’s Opera-House.—Hen Mason
and Celia Herd were the latest additions to Tony
Pastor’s company during the past week, and were
much appreciated. To-morrow evening Sam Devere
will return, and, being a great favorite, will doubt
less be warmly welcomed. Charles Walters, the
great song and dance artist, will also return; and
Miss Ella Saunders, a fascinating comedienne, will
make her first appearance. Tony will himself assist
in the fun. and Frank Kerns and Johnny Queen will
keep the audience in excellent humor. Marie Goren
flo, Josie Farren, and Jennie Eagan will dance the
trial dance, and other pleasing performances will be
presented. Matinees on Tuesday and Saturday.
Steinway Hall—The Dolby Troupe.—On
Tuesday evening, the magnificent oratorio of
“Elijah” will be performciLat Steinway Hall, by the
artists of whom we have already spoken in such
favorable terms, assisted by the members of the
New York Harmonic Society. The chorus will num
ber three hundred voices, and there will be sixty-two
performers in the orches ra. This will be the first
oratorio of a series which has been arranged by the
New York Harmonic Society with Mr. Dolby, and we
feel assured will omy be the prelude to many more,
as all of those artists have been favorably known for
years as performers m oratorio. Much as Mr.
Santley’s exquisite singing has been admired in the
concert room, few persons who have not heard him
In oratorio can conceive the wonderful quality and
power of his voice. In the role of Elijah he achieved
the greatest triumph in Great B ilain that perhaps
ever fell to the lot of any musical artist; and those
who have the good fortune to hear him on Tuesday
at Steinway Hall, or on Wednesday at the Brooklyn
Academy, will concur m tho verdict of their trans-
Atlantic cousins. Suca splendid performances .as
these are sure to be, when supported by such artists,
supplemented by the efficient chorus and orchestra
of the Harmonic Society, are sure to be a success.
The Boston Gazette, whose musical criticisms are al
ways marked by a thorough knowledge of their sub
ject, in speaking of the Dolby Ballad Troupe, says:
Last evening t h3Dolby Troupe gave the first of their
second series of concerts at Music Ha)l. The programme
•was an extremely select one, and nearly every piece vas
ento ed by the c e Ighted and enthus a .tic audience as
sembled. Mr. Santley was in splendid voice, and gave
a nob’e coloring to Handel’s glorious song ftom Alex
ander’s Feast. In reply to an encore he substituted the
love song of the Cyclops from Acis and Galatju” with
an effect that none but himself can give it. Mr. Sant
ley is beyond all doubt the finest male singer we have
ever had among us, and his phenomenal voice is without
a rival. Madame Patey’s royal contralto gains upon the
listener the me r,it is heard. She sang L nley’s charm
ing ballad, Lurie Nell,” with exquisite taste and i uri
ty. and replied to an encore with Hullah’s “St rin”
w.tb its touching refrain o 3/ serere Doming, which sl>e
Tendered superbly. Miss Edith Wynne sang a o-arm
ing song by Bishop a-nd an.aher by Arthur Sullivan, in
the same chaste manner th t won for her so many ad
mirers upon her first i p.nea rani e here lest week. The
glee singing was of a i.uility that we almost despair of
everbearing again. It is impossible to say enough in
praise of the merits of this troupe, and we can only re
gret that tbeir slay among us is so short. We advise ail
ifio have not yet heard tn-mto take advantage of the
two remai;.. ng performances, for not to have heard the
Dolby Baliad Troupe is not to have beard I io most per
fect organization of its kind in existence. To-nignta
sacred concert will be given, and to-morrow night a bal
lad eatertainment, which, we grieve to state, will be
their last in this city.
R. M. Hooley’s Benefit.—Th© benefit of
Mr. R M. Ho iley, whico we noticed last week, takes
place on next Saturday afternoon and evening at tho
Brooklyn Academy of Music. A rare programme has
been prepared for eaeh performance. ‘ln tho after
noon tho farce of ihe Good for Nothing,” with
Annie Lonsda e as Nan, w.li bo played, and Tony
Faster, Cool Burgess, Hughey Dougherty, Noise
Seymour, Little Mac, Davo Reed, W. H. Brockway,
Frank Kerns, Bobby Newcomb, Kennedy, Cheever,
Gibbons, Don Pedro Dorrego. J. 8. Murphy, Fanny
Archer, F. Berresford, J. Dixon, H. W. Eagan, Jennie
Xagan, John A. He.rmanu (his first appearance in
eight years', A. B. Sedgwick, Prof. E. Conner, Billy
Harr, John Enwrighc and others will appear in eccen
tricities. s..eak stump speee .es, sing comic and sen
timental songs, aua dance ail sorts of dances,
lather O’Reilly’s brass band have also volunteered
for this occasion. In the evening “The Streets of
New York” will be peri rmed, with J. B. 8 ud ey, C.
T. Pars oe, Muster Sniffen, Joe Sefton, Mrs. E. T.
Fletson and Miss Sadie Cole in the cast. Masters
George and Willie Guy wih introduce their sreciai
tics, and both performances will be varied, interest
ing and elo.ant, Cool White and Harry Cunningham
wid take the direction ot the entire arrangements for
the benefit. Tho performances, aside from the laud
a Je object for which they are given, should, from
their own excellence, dr w large houses. We sin
cerely hope that Brooklyn playgoers will not forget
what Mr. Dooley has done for iheir amusement in
the past, and that he is now reduced by tho Chicago
fire, after saving acquired a competency, to poverty.
Ho suou.d have a rousing benefit.
Ninth Regiment Band.—The second grand
roc.il and instrumental concert by the Ninth Regi
ment Baud and Orchestra, was given on Bunday last,
It the Grand Opera House, to a numerous and high
ly intelligent audience. Tne programme was an ex
cellent one, the various selections reflecting great
credit on .he good judgment and reftned taste of the
conductor, Mr. Carl Bergmann; The instrumental
Beleciions were from the best masters, and if the
same care is used in making up the programme in
future, they will assist largely iu elevating and cul
tivating the public musical taste. Signora Farette
Bnd Miss Emma Cline, each gave evidence of pos
sessing musical talent of a high order m the artistic
manner in which they sang tho songs alloted to
them. Mr. J. Levy, the prince of cornot players,
literally enchanted iho audience with his exquisite
playing of the beautiful air, “Robert toi que j’aime.”
If we may judge from theenthusi sm exhibited last
Bunday evening by the large audience, there can bo
no doub of the popularity and success of these con
certs.
Bidwell and Wilkinson, with Dolli© Bidwell,
Liiha Wilkinson, Wallace Britton and Charley Wilkin
son and a good company, are said to ha dnina a fine
business tn® urauont kau.nn.
s DRAMATIC.
Booth’s Theatre.—On Monday evening last
there was a revival at thia theatre ot the dramatised
version of Sir Walter Scott’s novel Guy Manner
ing." On that occasion Miss Charlotte Cushman
resumed the part of Meg Merrilies, a character in
which she has achieved some of her greatest suc
cesses. Not only on the American but on tho Euro-
A pean stage, and more particularly in the Theatre
Royal, Edinburgh, Scotland, hassho beon recognized
f as the emb odiment of Sir Walter Scott’s
It is'oft6 Or hiC 08fc P ow erful, if not .the
most P a ri Miss Cushtnan
it sbo has no riyal, She has made this cEmcxtd 1
clusively her own for dVoi a quiyter of a century, and
anyone who has read Sir novel and wishes
to see the real living representation Of one of his
most extraordinary creations, should see Mies Cus
man as JUcg Merrities. It is many years since we last
bad the pleasure of seeing her play the part, bht time
does not appear to have robbed her of any of her
power, on the contrary, what may have been a disad
vantage to her in such parts as Lady Macbeth and
Queen Katherine is in this case a positive gain. From
the moment she enters upon the stage until her
death she monopolizes the attention and interest of
her audience. The wild gaunt gipsy is before us,
not a representation simply, but a living reality. No
one who sees this truly wonderful performance can
for tho time realize the fact that this is not the actual
woman drawn by Sir Walter Bcott. In her making
up of the part Miss Cushman preserves with wonder
ful fidelty the description in the novel: so far she
is indebted to art for her. resemblance to the
great original, but it is in her attitudes and facial
expression where she displays how carefully and
conscientiously she has studied the part. It is hardly
possible to single out anv part of her performance
for especial praise, but the death scene is one of the
most harrowing and vividly realistic scenes we have
ever witnessed.
Mr. Waller made a very good Dirk Hatteriaich, and
Mr. Anderson was as good as cou.d be expected in
Dominie Sampson, but the absence of the Scotch dia
lect renders bis representation less effective than it
it otherwise would be. Mr. A. Matthison gave a
very good representation of young Bertram, singing
.tho various songs with good taste and expression,
while Mr. Fenno was equally good as tho representa
tive of the Liddesdale farmer, DandieDinmont. The
little part of Gilbert Glossin was very carefully played
by Mr. Nelson Deckfcr, who gave it all tho imporlanco
it deserved. Miss Pateman was Juhadfannerinfrand
Miss belden Lucy Bertram, and very charming re
presentatives of the characters they proved to be.
“Guy Mannering” will be repealed this week, and
on Monday, tho 6th November, Mr. John E. Owens,
tho well known comedian, wi.l commence his en
gagement at this theatre in the part of Caleb P‘um
mer, in a dramatised version of Dickens’ Cricket
on the Hearth.”
Wallack’s Theatre —At thia theatre on
Monday evening, a new bill was submitted for pub
lic favor, consisting of two pieces, “Aggravating
Bam” and “The Nervous Man.” In tho former,
Mr. C. Mathews sustained tho part of Sani
Naggins. In this, as in nearly every part Mr.
Mai hews undertakes, his unflagging animal spirits
and unceasing flow of natural humor, aided by his
finished style of acting, are sure to command suc
cess. His reception was of the most enthusiastic
kind, and he was very ably supported throughout
by Mias Effio Germon, Mr. Stoddard and Mr. Ring
gold. In “The Nervous Man” that sterling and ac
commplished actor, Mr. John Gilbert, sustained the
character of tho sensitive Mr. Aspen in his usual
masterly man, while Mr. John Brougham created an
immense deal of laughter and fun by his admirable
impersonation of Mr. McShane. Tho other charac
ters in this play wore all ably filled, and it is almost
needless to observe that both pieces were put upon
the stago with regard to the completeness even to the
smaLest detai.s so characteristic of tho management
at this house. To-morrow will be produced Mrs.
Contlivre’s time-honorod comedy of Tho Busy
body,” with one ot tho most powerful casts which
has ever appeared even upon the boards of Wallack’s
Theatre. It will include Air. C. Mathews, Mr. John
Brougham, Mr. John Gilbert, Mr. J. B. Polk, Mr.
Ringgold,- Miss Plossy Mordaunt, Miss Effio Germon
and Miss Helen Tracy. Such a cast as tho above
could not we think bo equalled on any stage either
iu this country or Great Britain. •It certain‘y could
not be surpassed. On Saturday there will be a
“Busybody” matinee.
Fifth Avenue Theatre.—At this popular
theatre there appears no prospect of Mr. Daly’s “Di
vorce” being soon brought to a termination. /The
play in itself possesses merit enough to entitle it to
a lung and successful “run;” but when, iu addition
to this, it is supported by such a powerful cast as
Mr. Daly has secured for frs proper representation
on the Fifth Avenue boards, a lengthy and most suc
cessful career is a necessity. The subject is a deli
cate one—one which is of paramount interest to
every one, and Mr. Daly has handled it in such a
masterly manner, that it is no wonder it has turned
out to be one of his happiest efforts. Of the merits
of the respective members ot Mr. Daly’s company
engaged in this cast little need be said; they are too
well known to need eulogium at this time ot day;
but we cannot close our remarks without again
praising the sterling performance of Miss Clara Mor
ris as the despairing but devoted wife and mother.
It is a characterization which alone ought to place
her in the front rank in her profession. Matinee
on Saturday, as usual.
Wood’s Museum.—The complete manner in
which “The Octoroon” was produced, secured for it
tho appreciation of all visitors to Wood’s Museum,
and the acting of the various members of the com
pany was highly creditable. Other arrangements,
however, necessitated its withdrawal, and to-morrow
evening Ma?ter Percy Roselle, the famous boy actor,
from Drury Lane Theatre, London, will make his
first appearance in New Yorkt Master Boselie has
been before the English public for a considerable
time, and however much we may be inclined to
doubt the statement that he is only fifteen years of
age, we must admit he is possessed of wonderful tal
ent. For several successive years he sustained im
portant charac.ers in the Christmas pantomimes,
and came to be a great favorite with the Londoners,
lie also essayed Shaksperiau characters, with very
great success, and was favored with the highest en
comiums from tho London and provincial press for
those performances. Since his arrival in America
ho has been enthusiastically received in Boston and
Baltimore, where he played important engagements
recently, and his performances at Wood’s Museum
are looked forward to with lively interest. He will
make his debut in a. play excellently sjiited to his
powers, entitled “The Boy Detective,” but during
his stay will also probably appear in some of those
characters with which his name is associaied on the
other side of the Atlantic. The afternoon attraction
for this week will be the burlesque of Acis and
Galatea.”
Grand Opera House.—Eileen Oge” still
retains its phice in pub.ic favor and as yet there is
neither diminution in tho number of visitors or iu
the appreciation bestowed by them on the many
fine features of this beautiful Irish play. The hay
making and ruined mill seem s are greatly admired,
and the contest with the constabulary invariably
arouses the enthusiasm of the audience, lhe acting
is very fine, the incidental song and chorus excel
lenty rendered, and the general production of
Eileen Oge” such as to render it long popular at
the Grand Opera House. Matinee on Saturday.
Olympic Theatre.—At this theatre “Hump
ty Dumpty” still occupies the boards, so that we
nave but little to remark further than that although
it has now been running for a considerable length of
t>me, there seems to be no prospect of its withdrawal.
The house is well filled every night, and Mr. Fox’s
eccentricities are received with as much cordiality
and enthusiasm as when it was first produced. Mat
inee performances are given on Wednesday and Sat
urday, as usual.
Bowery Theatre.—-After a highly successful
engagement of two weeks, Mr. Joseuij Murphy ap
peared last evening for the last time this season, and
to-morrow evening Mr. Freligh wi 1 present an en
tirely new and original local sensational drama, writ
ten expressly for Ins theatre by Stanley McKen
na, Esq., and entitled “Crime; or, Tho Secrets of
City Lite.” In order to give full effect to the vari
ous telling portions of the new play, an engagement
has oeen effected with the celebrated actress, Miss
Charlotte Stanley, who will appear in the principal
character, 'i'he drama will contain, among several
ether new and striking effects, a thrilling street-car
sensation, and we are told abounds in interesting
and effective incidents. Splendid new scenery and
mecuauical arrangement f have been prepared, a
strong and poweilul cast arranged, and everything
liaely to secure tho success of the new play, done.
Native talent should invariably be appreciated and
encouraged, and we trust this new aspirant for the
lame of dramatic authorship, will meet with proper
encouragement on every side, and that the new play
will be entirely successful.
A dramatic and musical entertainment will be
given at the Bowery Theatre, on next Friday even
ing, in aid of St. James’ Industrial School, under the
auspices of the Young Men’s Sodality. The object
of the benefit is to procure funds for the education,
clothing, and feeding of the poor little homeless and
and houseless waifs of the Fourth Ward. The
management have given the theatre, without charge,
for the evening, and actors from every comi.any in
the city have volunteered their services, and the en
loriainments will be exceedingly interesting. An
appeal to the charity of the east-aiders seldom meets
with coolness or neglect, and this one will not, we
feel assured. No more worthy charity could be re
ceiving the fostering care oi a generous public.
Mrs. F. B. Conway’s Brooklyn Theatre.—
Anxious to at once secure for her splendid new
theatre a reputation for the speedy presentation of
all available novelties, and the splendor of their
production, Mrs. Conway has presented for the de
lectaiion of the Brooklynites. Mr. Augustin Daly’s
latest and greatest success, “Divorce,” a drama of
the times.” With the powerful company at her
command, we expected that Mr. Dalv’s play would
roeeivo great justice at the hands of this most
1 talented manageress, but must at once acknowledge
that the splendor of its production at. Brooklyn
theatre is even greater than we had ever anticipated.
The scenery is exceedingly beautiful, and reflects
1 the utmost credit on tho accompli!hed artist of the
establishment, Mr. Harley Merry. “The Summer
residence of AZ/red Adriance, on Long Island, with
1 view of the Sound,” is a very effective set scene, but
the old convent ruins,” in the fourth act, is really
one of the prettiest pictures ever put upon a stage.
1 The furniture and appointments are in accordance
L with the beauty oi the scenery, and the general
effect particularly satisfactory.
To the merits of the play we have already referred
on its original production in this city so we will at
once proceed to give our opinion of the acting. Of
l the many characters in which Mrs. Conway has ap
peared, we question much hi she has ever achieved
a more genuine success than in that ot Fanny Ten
Eyck. Her conception of the character is very fine,
3 her treatment of it superb. Whether as the young
unmarried lady, the id-used wife, or the affectionate
mother, she appears at all times as if her very soul
1 wore bound up in the character. Her indig
nation at her husband’s childish treatment of
her, her determination to thwart his wishes
1 in regard to her supposed lover, and her
grief over the absence of her husband and
1 child were all excellently assumed. We cm
1 scarcely imagine anything more telling on an audi
-3 ence of sensitive and refined people than her plead-
ing for the restoration of her husband’s love. Asa
genuine piece oi emotional acting of the very high*
1 est order the impersonation was beautiful and touch
ing, and of itself sufficient to stamp Mrs. Conway as
an actress of most brilliant powers. Miss Minnie
1 Conway, as Lu Ten Eyck, had a pari just suited to her,
and played like an actress of much greater expori
t ence than we know she has had. As the wayward,
3 impatient gir anxious to obtain a separation from a
1 husband, only too good for her, she fully entered
3 imo the spirit of the character, and iavored us with
3 an impression, not only artistic and graceful, but
_ withal natural in the ex renic. Miss Ella Burns gave
3 a very pleasing representation of the mo e prudent
and sautib.e of the lady members of the family as
3 the niece, Grace, dependant on the fashionable in
-3 triguing aunt, Mrs. Ten Eyck, and the latter charac
ter had a most satisfactory exponent in the talented
Mrs. George Farren. Miss Fanny Reeves in the small
part a.lotted to her, as Flora Penfold, gave proo
t of much ability, and Mrs. Biutone, as Mrs. Kemp
a as excedent-y suited. Mr. Frank Roche is aver?
clever and pleasing young actor, and. as Afred Adri
ance appeared to very great aavantange. His man
net is natural, and easy, his enunciation clear an<
distircl, and his action graceful and gont'emauiy h
3 the extreme. He represent the various character
is lies of the hero v\ilh abi i-v. and provei
11 ..*v ordinary pow-
himselfan actor of much more than -xcdedingly
Adriance is a character v.
difficult to successfully portray, but AL..
failed not in his treatment of a single u
and gave us a really able and succeb..
representation of his foibles, We feel a K
sured that Mr. Roche will, during tho season, estab
lish himself a great favorite in Brooklyn. Mr. Ed,
Lamb had evidently bestowed great attention and
careful study on the part of Templeton Jitt. Ho did
not sacrifice everything for the sake of being comic,
but appeared not to have lost sight of a single point,
in his conception of one of a class by no means lim
ited. If he appeared now and then to bo just the
thing extravagant in his action, it was because,
from’ the nature ot the character, he could not well
bo otherwise, and we unhesitatingly assert that
there ai's few comedians on the stage capable of
playing fitt as Mr. Lamb does. Mr. Chippendale,
as De Wolf'.Qe Witt, the rather venerable husband
of a young B'nd pretty wife, was, as he always is,
perfectly His coolness of demeanor,
“.vce when treated by the partner of his
joys and 8 ab lv represented, and his
general acting good. Mr. M. A. Kenne
dy madb the most possible of a very disagreeable
part, and as the gontk' manl y intriguer, Capt. Lynd,
still further earned the i/vor of his admirers. There
is scarcely £r part in the cast but is cleverly
represented, and we know 110 theatre in which
“Divorce” cotfid receive b/^ er
play is likely to be long a avonte in tho City ot
Churches, and during its presen.' r T° should secure
the most decided approbation oi e playgoers of
Brooklyn. It will bo continued the present
week, and will be represented at the imatinee
on Saturday.
Union Squahb ThMtbe.—John ißrcJUgfearn’s
great burlesque extravaganza, “Po-ca-li(Xn-taX-’ has
been the principal feature of the Union Sqyare rhOßr f
tre program mo during the week, and has care-
fully produced and excellently received. Thr merry
airs with which it abounds, haVe been agreeably ren
dered, and the side-splitting punti failed not to Uiokle
the risible faculties of tho auditors. The seeri el 7
and dresses were pretty and complete, and the vari
ous characters ably represented by a cast iucludJffvJ
M, W.Leffingwell, W. P. Sheldon, Lev? Rattler, Lizzie
Wilmore, Belle Howitt, Lizzie Kelsey, Madeline Har
dy, and Mrs, France. Annie Adams reappeared on
Thursday evening, and met with a v most flattering
we come; and Fred Foster sang “Come Back to
Erin” so feelingly as to be honored with a double re*
call. Wna. Ashcroft was very amusing in tris differ
ent songs, and was, as usua 1 much applauded.' Tne
Matthews family gave an entire change of entertain
ment, and still further added to their already expen
sive popularity. Miss Laurina Matthews applied
on the tight-rope, and performed iei-te such as we
thought impossible, and Masters Theodore and Willie
in their cornice violin playing scene, were very amus
ing. Emma Alford is also a great favorite, and ren
ders her songs in a manner that could not possibly
fail to please. Hughey Dougherty illustrated the
powers of the laughing gas on Messrs. Coes, Rattler,
Kennedy, and De Angelis, in a style that imparted a
deal of its effect to the audtence.
This week Lefftngweil will appear in the burlesque
of Cinderella” reconstructed. James F. Wambold
will return and the wonderful Raynor Brothers will
make their first apooaranca; Fayetie Welch will
blfo appear, and a sptendid bill will bo submitted.
Mr. Butter is rapidly attaining celebrity for his
clever management of the new theatre, and its suc
cess is now fully guaranteed.- Matinees on Tuesday
and Saturday.
Theatre Gomique.—-“The Intelligence Of
fice” has been capitally performed by Larry Tooly,
E. D. Gooding and James Clark, and “Music Hath
Charms” by C. ‘White, Johnny Wild, E. D. Gooding,
Master Martin, and Connors and Bradley. General
Grant, Jr., and Mons Caron and sots have been
among the latest arrivals, and each have been well
received. The Clodoche Quadrille has been con
tinued on the programme; and Ada Wray has en
livened by songs and banjo playing. Smith’s
Mme” has furnished C. White, Johnny Wild and
others an opportunity to air their comic talents; and
Jennie Hughes was thoroughly successful iu her
various songs. Kitty O’Neil’s dancing was much
admired, and Larry Tooly provoked great laughter
by his Dutch eccentricities.- The ballet or “Les
Brigands” has also been produced. Clark and Brad
ley have appeared as “The McCanns/” and Master
Martin has performed his wonderful india-rubber
song and dance, the whole concluding each evening
with the laughable sketch by John F. Poole,-entitled
“The Rehearsal,” in which' tbe principal members
of the company, including the female minstrel
troupe, appeared.
To morrow evening Don Dorrego, the great gui
tarist, will make bis first appearance here. This
gentleman is, perhaps, tiie best player on that in
strument living, his performances at Lina Edwin’s
Theatre, during Kelly Leon’s management, having
cieated a most profound sensation. Mr. J. T. Mur
phy, an Irish vocalist and comedian of extended rep
utation, will also appear, and Miss Fanny Archer, a
pleasing and accomplished vocalist, will be added
to tho company. Mr. Hart announces as in active
preparation a great drama bearing on the. recent
Chicago disaster, and to-morrow evening will pro
duce a sensation, entitled “Upon the Border.” An
other local play will soon be presented, and constant
noveldes will be produced at the Theatre Comiquo.
Matinees on Wednesday and Saturday.
Lent’s New York Circus.—Mr. Lent having
concluded his arrangements for the season, to-mor
row evening will witness the re-opening of his
beautiful circus. During the season, the entertain
ments produced will be of tho very highest order,
and will include periormances by some of the greatest
artists that have yot appeared either in Earo; e or
America. The sports of the ring will, as formerly,
bo conducted with that taste and dispatch that is
characteristic of the New York Circus, and the great
skill and experience of Mr. Lent will be fully
brought to bear in all the performances provided
by him. To-morrow morning there will be a
grand inaugural i recession by the various members
of the company through tbe principal streets of the
city, and should the weather provo propitious the
turn-out is likely to be a very effective one. There
will be matinees at the Circus every Wednesday and
Saturday.
St. James Theatre.—This new theatre was
opened on Monday evening last, by Messrs.
McDonough Earnshaw, under singularly favorable
auspices. The interior of the building presents an
entirely different appearance since its occupation
by Messrs. Newcomb Arlington at the beginning
of the Fail season, having been beautifully furnished
and decoi’ated under the direction of the new man
agers. Determined to provide a class pf entertain
ment likely to captivate our up-town residents, a
programme of a most attractive nature, was pre
sented on the opening evening, and a
pleasing and successful opening was the result. The
house was well filled in every part, and to say that
the audience appeared to be thoroughly pleased is
but mild language. In the operetta everything was
encored. Miss Brevoort received an exceedingly
warm reception, and E D. Davies fairly took the
house by storm. The“Prima Donna of a Night,”
introduced Miss Susan Galton, who acted and sang
in tho most charming manner, and as Ernestine was
most captivatingly amusing. Her opening aria,
which was Arditis “11 Bacio,” drew forth most de
monstrative plaudits, and her subsequent efforts
were no Jess favorably received. Mr. James Arnold,
as Mons. Chanfleure, made a most decided hit, and
was at once recognized as an exceedingly versatile
and finished performer. As a singer he is surpass
ing y good, but rarely have we witnessed a more
able impersonation than his of the old gentleman,
with a weakness for musical celebrities, it was ap
parent from his rendering of this character that Mr.
Arnold is an artist bound to be become popular, and
either as an actor or vocalist we can conscientiously
award him unlimited praise. Mr. Alfred Kelleher,
as Babylas. sang with great taste and feeling, but nis
action was just a trifle stiff and forced. J. H. Sur
rldge got through the to him unsuited part of
Peterman with much credit, and Miss Clarice Vernon
was favorably received as Madame Balandard. Alter
the operetta, Miss Kato Brevoort g ive her clever en
tainment “Crystal Chimes,” and her performance
on the piano and musical glasses at the same time,
was much applauded and warmly redemanded.
The entertainments concluded whir the ventrilo
qui al performances of Mr. E. D. Davies (his first ap
pearance in America), wbo created the greatest ex
citement ever made by an artist ot that description
in this city. From the first opening of the box con
taining his two proteges, Tommy and Joey, till the
curtain fell upon his rendering o. a quintette by him
seif, he ke;.t the audience in one perpetual state of
laughter and mirth. He has most judiciously local
ized his witty sayings and anecdotes, and every sally
brought forth unbounded laughter and applause.
His rendering of duets, trios, quartettes, and quin
tettes by himself and suppo&sd assistants, was truly
wonderful; and his clever repartee and ready wit,
fairly entitles him to be called “the funniest of funny
men.” His success was most unequivocal, and his
position as an .American favorite fairly secured. The
same attractions will bo presented this week, and
should draw full houses for weeks to come. Messrs.
McDonough and Earnshaw are to be congratulated
on having secured the services of Mr. T. W.- Davey,
whose great business talents and agreeable manner
render him a great favorite with all. There is plenty
of room fbr a good theatre in this quarter, and we
heartily trust the St. James may prove a gieat suc
cess. There will be a matinee every Saturday, at
two.
Paris Pavilion Circus.—After a most suc
cessful season in Fourteenth street, the veteran man
ager, Dau Rice, has closed his establishment, and,
after fully reorganizing his company, will open in
Baltimore, Md., on November 9. Mr. Rice is to be
congratulated on the success which his endeavors
met with in New York, and the announcement of his
return at some early day will be hailed with plea
sure.
The Lydia Thompson Troupe.—This most
celebrated of burlesque organizations visited Brook
lyn on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday last, and
despite the disagreeable weather, succeeded in doing
very fair business. The Acadpmy of Music in
Brooklyn is not by any means well adapted for en
tertainments of this kind, and none but such a com
t pany as this one would be likely to meet with such
success. M;ss Thompson, In the various roles which
she assumed, was as captivating and graceful as ever,
L and acted, sung and danced with her accustomed
force and spirit. In “Blue Beard,” as Selim, she
was admired by all, illustrating the humors of that
gay young dog with undoubted success. Willie
Edouin as Corporal Youg-Youg and the Heathen Chi
i nee also came in for a large share of applause, and
Harry Beckett as tho Turkish Brigham Y oung was
highly amusing. On Tuesday “Lurline” was pre
l sented, Miss Thompson making a charming repre
sentative of Sir Rupert, Mr. Beckett causing roars of
laughter as the Seneschal. On Wednesday evening
Miss Thompson took a benefit, appearing in a reccn
struoied version of “Sinbad.’’ In this edition .'diss
Thompson has not nearly so important a character as
in the former one; and really, for our part, we should
prefer the version in which she has most to do.
Bouquets and floral wreaths were presented to the
fair Queen of Burlesque in great profusion, and the
audience seemed greatly to regret that her stay in
Brooklyn had been so short.
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre.—Thia
establishment continues to deserve the name it has
acquired for pleasing entertainments and genuine
good natured fun. Singing, dancing and other
amusements are constantly provided, and he who
cannot enjoy himself here is indeed a hard case. A
visit to Harry Hill’s is the most effective cure going
for lowness ol spirits or indisposition of any kind.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
In a late issue wo noted the intended return
of the accomplished comedienne. Miss Annie Lonsaale.
to the New York stage, of which she was, a few years
since, so brignt an ornament, at an early date. In
about three weeks’time she will make her re-entre at
an up-town theatre in a new and elegant comedietta, of
a protean character, and in a new and original classical
burlesque extravaganza. Miss Lonsdale was one of the
leading New York favorites, and we feel assured she will
r ceive a cordial welcome back. She will signalize her
return to the stage by a previous act of graceful courte
sy, viz.: playing her original role of Nan, at the Acade
my of Mutic, Brooklyn, next Saturday, for the benefit of
Mr. Hooey, who cis all in the Chicago fire.
The last performances given in the various
theatres in Chicago were as follows s Crosby Opera-
House was not open, but was to have been opened tor
the season on Oct. 9th, with Theodore Thomas’ orche?-
tra, who escaped with their instruments, all the mem
b-Jrs being sate, and went at once to St, Lquls. At M.c
J Vicker’s Theatre, “Eide; or, The Cherry Tree Inn,”
I was performed. At Hocley’s Opera-House, The Long
Strike.” Mrs. J. W» Lauder was to have commence lan
I engagemo.:t on uh* 9th. At Wood’s Museum, Reeve’s
ci.nedy of Wqp. at Last,” and t. e farce of Wliq’s
i v7ho; and Divorep” ft**.nQunoq() ipi*
NEW YORK DISPA TCH. S
Mrs. Gen. Lander was not so unfortunate at
the fire as the newspaper paragraphs have been repre
senting. Through tho kindness pf a total stranger anti
a New Yorker she was taken from toe rreraOnc House
beyond the fire, losing none of her theatrical Wftrurobo
or other luggage.
Messrs. Kelly Leon took their departure
r rom this city on Tuesday last, in order t> fulfill a
'<rthy engagement in San Francisco. We can ill
j such talented artists fmn our musioal stage, but.
tee them an enthusiastic, welcome on tne r re.-
spar*.
tarn I ''ibertson, n younger brother of T.
CL.frrt V ’eoently met with a horrible death while
oilaitO Iv Australia to India. A sudden lurch
W. Robertson,. 'teted him among the machinery,
on a journey from the brain, from which death en-
of the vessel
causing... pnreha3ea from
Mr. John MoCullongb, preSll
Wm. J. Florence, for Porter.
“Eileen Oge” in California. The
shortly, with magnificent scenery b> Qiama rot
T. W. Meaghan has just written I, 'he°GrS n3
Miss Kate Raymond. It is entitled 1
York,” and will probably be produced at
Opera House during tho season.
Miss Ada Harland is starring on a SouK i 3
tour with F. G. Maeder’s company Th®
her route for the ensuing week: Monday,
Petersburg; Raleigh, Nov. 6th.
Johnny Allen and Alice Harrison have been
highly successful in San Francisco. They have Pro
duced a negro plantation piece, entitled “Jeff.”
The pretty Ella Chapman hae married a Mr>
Crosbie, low comedian at Lawlor’s Academy of Music,
Cleveland.
jphn E. Owona has appeared at the Walnut
street theatre during the past week, for the first time in
five ye&X?.
Swaina Buckley was “On tho Track” at
Simpson’s Mtl«ouin, Philadelphia, last week.
LoUa is paying in Rainbow” at Mrs.
Dfew’s Arch street Theatre, Philadelphia.
“Ace High” is tho title of a new sensational
(frataia. What if it should gat euchred.
1 been most successfully pro
ducesat the' Globe Theatre, Bostori.
E. S. Davies lias the hit of the season
at tho n4w St, Janie» r Theatre.
Saratoga” had s most successful run at the
new Pittsburg Opera Hon-re.
.Madame iZoe is playing in “BezJha at the
N«rw Bowery, pfdlailelphiju-
D*Atalie and" Madams Angela are the New
Varieties, Philadelphia.'
E. T. Stetson was playing “Neck and« Neck,”
in Pittsburg last week.
Hits worth’s Minstrels wero excellently xo
ceived in Pittsburg.
The Paropa-Rowa troupe have* met with gre«J.
success iS Boston.
Jenny Willmore has joined the Worrell Sis
ters’ 'combination.
Robert Erazer, tho English'cornier vocalist, is
m Philadelphia.
Mark Smith’s company performed st Roches
ter efi thd
Lavrence Barrett is at th»'new Pittsburg
Opera Houso.
Edwin Adams was in Cleveland last week.
LittUNfell is at Toronto, Canada;
Vic ton Liston has gone to Boston,
WtRIED OB NOT.
A Jewess MaS*3es a Tammany Poli'tieia®
Witiivai Assistance of Clergy.
They S_.lva Happily for a Time, but
Jealousy Intrudes.

Alleged Brutal Treafstioai I>y
ill® riusTjaiad.
SEPARATION A3» SUIT FOR DIVORCE.
THE HUSBAND DENIES THAT HE EVER
MARRIED THE JEWESS.
A VERY COMPLICATED CASE.
A singular and somewhat complicated action has
been commenced in the Superior Court, before Judge
Jones, tho plaintiff suing for divorce, and the de
fendant denying that marriage ever took place.
This ia the singularity of the suit: Suing for divoice
where there has been xiu marriage, the question
arises, are they married—are they man and wife?
They at one time thought so themselves, and so
passed themselves off in society as such, until about
ton weeks ago, wheu tho
BLEAR-EYED INTRUDER JEALOUSY
stepped in and jarred domestic felicity. The plain
tiff to this action for divorce is a pretty dark-eyed
Jewess of twenty, who signs her name Jane Halpia.
She is a petite, and probably has been for the year of
her wifehood a petted beauty. How she was wooed
and entangled into this morgantio alliance does not
appear from the record.
Of the defendant little need be said. Everybody
on the West side of the city knows Wiljiam Halpin,
of the Sixteenth Ward. At his principal liquor
store, corner of Eighteenth street and Ninth avenue,
tbe best of cheer ean be had, if paid for, for man
and boast. He is reputed to bo worth $500,000.
William Halpin is a brother of the late Michael
Halpin, who kept the bar of old Tammany Hall,
where now stands the Sun building. Mr. Halpin is
also somewhat of a politician. He obtained the
nomination for Assembly, and ran in the Sixteenth
Ward, but was defeated by tho late Aleck McLeod.
He is always bidding for a nomination of some kind,
and it is said he is a perfect El Dorado to the Six
teenth Ward spongers, who know his weakness, and
taking advintage of it, find him a first-rate fish to
throw bait out to, ’as he nibbles at anything. He
is generous and liberal to a fault. Mr. Halpin, aside
from his political associations, is a member of the
aristocratic Linwood Club, so that socially as well as
politically, next to Bill Tweed, he is the best known
man in the city.
Tbe first move in this case was a motion by Jane
Halpin, commencing an action by the service of
summons and complaint, and notice of application
for alimony pending the suit. Before the return to
the motion
A FINE PIECE OF SHARP PRACTICS!
was introduced by Attorney Fine, who cut the plain
tiff off, as it is called, by getting an order compelling
the woman to give her deposition in star chamber
before a referee. The object of this was to break
her down so that the first motion might be defeated.
But Jane’s counsel, Mr. Spencer, objected to a
closet investigation, and obtained another, vacating
the previous order, and demanding examination of
the woman in open court. This motion was success
ful, but when it camo up for hearing on Thursday
last in open court, defendant wilted and agreed to
all that was asked, alimony pending the suit, pro
vided the alleged pseudo wife would consent to have
the case go before a referee, so that the public should
hear nothing of the proceedings. This was assented
to, and the case will be heard by a referee some time
this or next week.
THE WOMAN’S STORY
condensed, is about as follows: William Halpin,
the defendant, is informed that a motion will be
made on the 17th of October for an order requiring
him to pay to the plaintiff in the action a suitable
sum of money weekly, as alimony for her support
during the pendency of the action, and also a further
sum to enable her to defray the necessary counsel
fees and disbursements attending the suit That is
the prologue to the action. Then follows the pseudo
wife’s story. She starts by claiming that she is an
infant under the age of twenty-one, and that Bern
hardt Solinger, by order of the court, has been ap
pointed her guardian for the purpose of bringing
this action. She further solemnly declares that she
was duly married to Halpin, under the laws of the
State of New York, in the presence of witnesses,
Mr. Halpin agreeing to take her as his wife in pres
ence of witnesses, in consideration that she would
take him for husband. She assented and
HE PLACED A RING ON HER FINGER
in token of their plighted faith and union in mar
riage, and in the ring he caused to be engraved,
“To my wife, Mrs. Halpin. W. H.” Thereafter,
per order, there was served a glorious supper, with
a Scotch haggis for desert. The date of this Scotch
or Morganic marriage is not recorded on. paper,
though perhaps it exists in their own memories: but
L we understand that it dates little further back?than
a year ago. Since then, up to within ten days ago,
they have lived like two turtle doves, with only once
in a while an occasional spat—things incidental to
J marital life. About a fortnight ago William refused
longer to live with her, or support her. The dear
little infant gives the following as her
MARRIAGE LIFE EXPERIENCES.
Three weeks Sfter her marriage to her dear Wil-
liam, he commenced ill treating her, and she alleges t
that the ill treatment continued up to the time that
they separated. His conduct was such that it was
unsafe to live with him. Four months after the 1
marriage, in a fit of jealousy, he siruok his infant
wife between the daylights, causing her nearly to
fall, but like a brick she kept her pins. The effect of
the blow was a black eye. Two months after that he
again struck her on the frontispiece, hurting it very
much. At different times siuoo, the dates whereof
she cannot remember, he has
SLAPPED AND STRUCK HER
in the face with his fist without any cause or provo
cation whatever from her, causing her much pain,
bodily and mentally. Even when in bed, her hus- 1
band would frequently pinch her on the legs an fl
arms, leaving blue and black marks on her pers'/p.
According to the allegations of the pseudo-wife, this
seemed a favorite amusement of Mr. Halpin’s when
the two wore enshrouded between the sheets., pre
suming that these cruelties were incidentals” of
married life, she never made complaint Against her
sweet William for asse-jit and battery, fjh© bore it
all, with the hope that by and by iuatters would
mend. But they -didn't.
S metimo after, the marriage the husband believed
her to be in an interesting condition. It was not so
;o him, procured pills which she refused to
take, He ’threw her on Vue floor and tried to force
the pi)’j down her throat, but she thwarted his ter
-1 riX’.e purpose. Failing ijiat ho threw hw on the
floor and jumped upon her. His Jealousy, sue says,
has been beyond description, and all without cause.
It lias bred disputes to such a serious extent that he
has frequently threatened to take her life, has been
in the habit of using vile and abusive to
wards her. While living together as nusband and
wi e he has often accused her of being a common
street walker. A sample of his alleged
FREAKS OR ECCENTRICITIES.
was an order forbidding her to leave the house in
his absence at his various places of business, thus
virtually making a jail bird of his little birdie. To
ensure himself that this demand- was com.
plied with, in bis At o{ jealousy, so fixed
her clothing that she 6duld not appear In fhe
street. In winding up her doleful tale Mrs.
Halpin says that since she commenced this gtitt she
is utterly destitute, while her husband is in the re-
L I oelp't of $12,000 a year, and has often told her that
d he ig *he owner of two large liquor stores, three
tenement ttfo distfllerfes- and has numbers
'imimprouee lots* VP town, and $150,000 in cash in
e side other pi>Verty which she does not re
member.
i Corroborating Mrs Hal P’ o story as b the mar
riage; Ann Edwaru?’ of No 122 Nineteenth
Bt >eet r says that Mr. an? Mrs Hal Pin boarded with
Mrs. Cftssengar as man wife afc No. 237 West
Twenty-^ ret street, for four during 1870.
Mr. Halpii? spoke of the pla. n tiff as
Annie No/ loil No. 99 Eighth ave< ue ea 3' s she
has repeatedly Ha’pin sneak of the pontiff aa
his wife and she has dined with them as sutS after
introduction in Ju.J* a hotel, corner of Fxi s h
avenue and Twenty-six'^ 2 street. By invitation of
the two she took tea with tJiAm, and the part they
played was man and wife.
The general answer that Mr.- Halpin puts in is
A GENERAL DENIAL.
That the referee has to decide. The two were
never married by priest, minister, n<V justice; but
he declared himself the husband in pre.Vnce of wit
nesses, and introduced her to society as“ bis wife.
In Scotland that would be held as a marria t Wso we
believe Judge Barnard has decided, but frum his
decision no appeal was ever taken to sustain set
.aside its legality. Halpin does not deny that’ he
gawe her t&e.ring, he does not deny that he said
his wife,- but because it was not consecrated bV
p.’Sest or justice, it was a Morganatic union tlxat
coiUd be dissolved at pleastTe. Well, we shall see
what the upshot of this affair will be after it has
beerr heard by the referee; but ft would have con
served the public go'wd to had the cause heard
in pubdo rather thaU in the privacy of a lawyer’s
Tee cosiest of restariranfe, where’
the best of cheer and none other is always provided,
is situated at the corner of Thirteenth street ;nd
Sixth avenue, and is known by the suggestive title of
the Woodbine. It is owned by Mr. JameANolak,
the champion host of the period. There everyth.ing
that can reconcile a man to life can be had.
Sufficient attention is frequently
nos paid to appearances, and in no respect is this
more neglected than in the selection of'wearing ap
parel- lliose persods who patronize Messrs. J.‘ ML
no fear on this head, as all their clothes are of the
latest fashion, the most stylish cut, and the best
quality.
A few months ago there was great
excitomant over a proposal to erect a statue in honor
of Boss Tweed, a gentleman, who, if there is any law
in the land, will in future go statue but not statute
less. If there is any living man worthy of having a
statue, it is the proprietor of Knox’s famous Hat
Emporium, No. 212 Broadway.
The reason why so many people
prefer purchasing their jewelry at the store ol Mr. S.
J. Delan, No. 357 Grand street, is because that gen
tleman has long enjoyed the confidence of the public,
and has proved himself worthy of it by always acting
justly by them.
Amid the din and. excitement of
approaching elections, ring exposures, and general
corruption, fail not to remember that a pleasant hour
can always be spent at Harry Hill’s famous Concert
Saloon, No. 2G East Houston street.
What move beautiful than soft,
glossy, luxuriant Hair. This blessing all may ob
tain by using Thompson’s Pomade Optime. Its
effect on the Hair is wonderful. Sold at Druggists
and Variety Stores. Price, 25 and 59 cents. F. C.
Wells Co., No. 192 Fulton street.
We learn that the Grand Duke
Alexis having hoard of Dougan, the People’s Hatter,
of No. 102 Nassau street, has sent a courier ahead to
order one of this enterprising maker’s best tilos.
The fame of Dougin extends 'to all parts of the
world.
Bell Schnapps, distilled at Schie
dam, Holland, expressly for cases of dyspepsia,
dropsy, gout, rheumatism, general debility, catarrh
of the bladder, pains in the back and stomach and
all diseases of the urinary organs. Give great re
lief in asthma, gravel and cac’.uii in the bladder. War
ranted pure. H. G. Wolfe Co., No. 18 South Wil
liam street, sole importers. Sold by Druggists and
Grocers,
For Moth Patches, Freckles and
Tan, use Perry’s Moth and Freckle Lotion. It
is the only reliable and harmless remedy known for
removing brown discolorations from the skin. Pre
pared only by Dr. B. C. Perry, No. 49 Bond street,
New York. Sold by all druggists.
Oy and
FEEDING THE HUNGRY.
AID FOR THE CHICAGO AND NORTHWEST
SUFFERERS.
Hon. Thomas J. Barr, Treasurer of lhe Police Depart
ment, yesterday shipped via. the Erie railway, to Major
Mason, of Chicago, eleven large and small cases and
boxes of clothing, bedding, underwear, crockery, shoes,
etc., to the value of $1,090. All these articles were col
lected by the members of the Police Department. This
is the third shipment of the kind, beside the money
that has been sent. These collections aro still being
made, and will probably be continued through the Win
ter—the articles being forwarded from time to time.
Those charitably inclined cannot do better than leave
their cast-off articles at the nearest station-house.
Nothing will come amiss to the sufferers in Chicago,
Michigan, and Wisconsin. Anything is acceptable from
a shirt to an overcoat, or a chemise to an overskirt.
REPLY OF GOVERNOR FAIRCHILD TO THE EM
PLOYEES OF THE EMIGRATION COMMISSION.
State op Wisconsin,
Executive Department,
Madison, October 2tth, 1871.
Hon. Richard O’Gorman,. President Commissioners
of Emigration, Castle Garden, New York.
Sir I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your kind letter of ca'e 20th inst., inclosing draft;
“Merchant’s National Bank,” as a contribution by your
self and employees of the Emigrant Landing Depart"
rnent" Tnere are many Immigran sin the burned Dis
trict of this State who were landed at your port. In
their behalf, I think you and the other generous con
tribute rs, for your large and timely donation. I assure
you that the amount shall be faithfully applied to the
relief of such as are made needy and destitute bv the
reef-nt calamities. Veay respectfully your obedient Ser
vant, Lucius Fairchild.
FOREST FIRE FUND.
Collected by E. O Fisher, President of Anchor Life
Insurance Company, No. 17-8 Broadway, N. ,Y.
October 23. 1871—Cash from Mr. Harrison Gray, SSO;
one trunk clothing, Mrs. Wm. Colvin, No. 153 East
Sixteenth street, N. Y.; one trunk clothes. No. 137 Hud
son street, Hoboken; one case clothing, Public School,
No. 1, Brooklyn; one bundle clothing, Public School, No.
1, Brooklyn; eleven cases clothing from North Shore,
Staten Island, seven of which were forwarded by the
American Express Co.; one barrel and one bundle
clothing, J. M. Goodnow, Brooklyn; one trunk clothes.
L. P. Tibbah, No. 512 Broadway; one barrel clothing
from Brooklyn, E. D.
CONTRIBUTION OF THE MESSRS. STEINWAY.
Messrs. Steinway Sons on Thursday forwarded two
checks to Chicago for the relief of the sufferers by the
fire—one for SI,OOO was the contribution of the firm; the
other, for SSOO, was subscribed by the workmen and 1
others in the employ of Messrs. Steinway. Many of the
employees had before subscribed in their unions, lodges
and societies. The Messrs Stemway were so unfortu
nate as to lose foiit of their most superb concept grand
pianos in the fire. The pianos had but arrived the day
preceding, and were intended for the use of Miss Marie
Krebs, the Vienna Lady Orchestra, the Dolby Ballad
Concer.ts fc the Nilsson Opera Company.
Wft NOT CORRECT.
THE LOUVRE GAME BROKEN UP.
In consequence of the representations of the press
that keno games were being carried on in various places
on Broadway and the Bowery, the attention of Superin
tendent Kelso has been again directed to the matter.
Apparently it is of no use to leave it to the captains of
the respective precincts. Capt. Walsh was directed to
look after the establishments in Ins precinct, and late
on Friday night, with a section of men, he made a de
scent on what is known as the “Louvre” game, in the
rear of the saloon of that name, in Broadway, between
Houston and Bleecker streets. The proprietors, Her
man and Albert Dampwolf, and twelve men and boys,
who were playing, were arrested and locked up in the
Spring street police station. A handsome urn, a large
number of keno cards, checks, balls, etc., were captured
and removed to the station-house. Yesterday the pris
oners were taken before Justice Hogan, at the Tombs.
The proprietors were held to bail to await a trial. The
1 others were discharged. Th-) public are curious to know
whether Capt. Walsh will maX®, descent on the Bow
j ery keno game kept by his former detective
The Abortionist Rosenzweig.

CONCLUSION OF THE TRIAL;
i aWDSESSES BY COiIYSEL AID THE DISTRICT
1 ATTOHSEY.
The Prisoner Found Guilty.
Be is Sentenced to Seven Years, Im
prisonment.
SOEN£ IN COURT.
Tlie Court of General Sessions T” crowded yester
day by a throng, eager to witness the cloni-T Beenes in
tua trial of Jacob Rosenzweig, the abortionist, for ths
murder 6l Alice Augusta Bowlsby. Among the spec
tators were the now notorious Dr.” Bowlsby, of
Brooklyn, his wife and daughter, whose evidence on
the previous day in favor of the prisoner, was winch
commefttpd on by the crowd. Many among the audience
did not to express their belief that the whole
thing was a put up job” by the prisoner’s counsel.
Tho evidence <X e some of the witnesses was so trans
parently false that many were of tho opinion that the
District Attorney wo»?ld order their arrest, and try
♦Jiem on a charge of penury. The trunk in which the
corpse was found at the Hu' leon River Railroad Depot
was in Court, and was with much interest
by those urosent, for having conV' the subject of
tfne of the greatest sensations that occurred in this
city for years.
THE iWm WAS PALb
and ansUtej,- He had <str«ntly not reatstf wdn during
the night, knowing thaft yesterday would' decide ,lis
fate. Nevertheless he preserved the. same resolutC
determined afr'that he had H»rn ail through the trial.
He is evidently man of the nitot determined and cool
courage. Few of iPiose who t.’aw him but were’im
pressed with the btfclef that he c'O'Jdd take fifty livb s
Without compunction.
The proceedings wertf'opened by Mr. jT-owe, counsel
for the defense, who called'the •attention of Zhe Court to
the point that no proof wt# given of any woman with
child. The Recorder thought it was abundantly proved
by Dr. Cushman and the other iftedical witnesses, and
that the abortion had been committed.
Mr. Howe-Then your Honor bolds that the feetas
was a child
Recorder—Yes; an unborn child.
Mk. Howe thou proceeded with hi 3 address, contend
ing ft? at the identification of the body by the vaccine
rtftirk, the scar and filled tooth, were insufficient. Tho
handkerchief was fifaown to belong to another Miss
Bolshy; the pads were found with bloody garments,
acknowledged to belcmg. to Mrs.. Risenzwei?- How,
then, Was Rosenzwsig i indicated By the testimony of
the cardan Pickett, who wver saw Rosenzweig before,
had no reason tor taking pah»ti<ralar notice of hfni; and
only ident'M him “to the test of his belief.” Ou tho
other hamll were the not Samuels brothers and others,
who swear tb 1 the prisoner having been attending tOff
case of cholera’ at tho very time Pickett says the prisoner
placed the tidhkon his cart to believed It might
have been that t&e corpse was senS there by the seducer,
Walter Concklinl Counsel concluded by calling on the
Jury to give the’ prisoner his rigiit z the benefit of the
doubt wnich exists.
REPLY OF SHE DISIRIOT ATTORNEY.
District Attorney Garvin, in reply, gave an eloquent,
and Couching picture*of the condition ans state of mind
of the murdered vicfiifi. Afraid and ashamed to letter
condition become known to her friends and relatives,
and anxious to escape 1 Sh» impending discovery of her
weakness, ehe Gees the advertisement that Dr, Ascher
does business of this description in Amity Place. She
finds the man who, for gc,ld, takes the lives of unborn
babes and sometimes of tlieir-mcthers; the blood vessels
are torn and lacerated, and* nhe 1 leaves the place a corpse,
doubled up, naked, in a trunk, and her wretched se
dhoer, without waiting for accusation, puts a pistol to
his head and takes that arrfub leap in the dark which
landshim in eternity.
Here the District Attorney turned around, and point
ing at the prisoner, who, for She 1 moment, cowered be
fore him, continued m a voica that rung through the
Court room:
And there, gentlemen, fits thefmnn for judgment,
before.-you twelve men. who is tlwauthor of thesu three
deaths—the mother, the child, the seducer—and all the?
punishment; this monster can get wnen you find him
guilty is seven years in State Prison. Would that the
legislators who make these laws could'sit at this trial
and see tears that we havo seen here;, and then wo
would ask if. statutes of this description are not to be
reformed, so that it would be held to be murder, not
manslaughter, to perpetrata offenses of this descrip
tion.”
The address was closed at 1% o’clock-P. M., and a re
cess for fifteen minutes was then taken. After the lapse
of that time the court again convened, Recorder Hack
ett delivered rwery impressive charge to the jury, recit
ing all the strong points made by counsel on either side.
On the whole, however, the charge bore s+rongly against
the prisoner. The jury were then directed to-retire.
RETURN JURY.
About four o’clock the jury returned into court. As
they came in a hush fell upon the vast throng, and each
person leaned eagerly forward to catch the questions and
responses. The foreman of the jnrywas asked if they
bad agreed upon a verdict. Ho replied: “We have.”
Clerk—flow say you. Is the prisoner at the bar guilty
or not guilty
The prisoner leaned forward in eager anticipation of
the answer.
The foreman answered: “Guilty.”
The prisoner’s face became a shade paler, while a sup
pressed shriek burst from his daughter. A buzz of sat
isfaction ran through the crowded court-room at the
justness of the verdict.
The foreman added that tho jury had decided to rec
ommend the prisoner to the mercy of the court. This,
it was afterward understood, was a compromise measure,
at least two of tho jury being in favor of acquittal.
The Recorder asked the prisoner if he had anything to
say why sentence should not be pronounced cm him.
With a shrug of the shoulders, and a cool, almost
nonchalant air, Rosenzweig replied;
Nothing, except that I am not guilty
The Recorder then proceeded to pass sentence,, which
was that he bo confined in the State Prison, at hard
labor, for the period of seven years.
This is the longest term for which he can be sentenced.
The prisoner still maintained his stolid composure.
His daughter, on hearing the sentence pronounced,
threw herself on her knees beside her father, and
VENTED IMPRECATIONS
on all who had been in any wise concerned in the prose
cution of her father. Becoming more violent, she de
clared she would have their lives. She was removed
from the court room.
The prisoner, closely guarded by officers, was removed
from the court room to the van in waiting, and from
thence to the Tombs, from whence he will be taken on
Monday to Sing Sing Prison.
As soon as the prisoner was taken away, the immense
throng gradually dispersed.
CRAZY GEORGE SPRAGUE.
HE IS AFTER TWEED AND PRINCE ALEXIS
HE IS A MEMBER OF GIDEON’S BAND, SO IS
TWEEDY—HUNTING THE RUSSIAN OONSUL
BROOKLYN’S INVITATION TO THE PRINCE
ALEXIS.
George Heron Sprague, a crazr politician, made his
appearance at the Essex Market Police Court on Friday,
and intimated his intention to at once have the Hon.
Wm M. Tweed arrested, thus anticipating the arrest
by the Committee of Seventy. Mr. Sprague says he is a
commission merchant at No. 39 South Third street,
Williamsbnrgh. He informed our reporter that he and
“Bill” (Mr. Tweed) belonged to “Gideon’s Band,” but
that nevertheless he was determined to come down on
“Bill,” and Judge Voorhies had granted him an order
of arrest.
“These country fellows,” said he, “that are coming
down here to take him, will have their warrant issued
about the 23d, but mine is dated the 19th, so I havo
A PRIOR CLAIM ON ‘BILL.’
“He owes me $550,000, and won’t pay mo. He sold out
Tammany Hall, and gave a quit-claim deed for the
property. That I know; and he is making preparations
to leave the country.”
“You may not be awitfe of who I am, sir, lam the
grand son of Hercules Heron. Everybody knows {who
he was. My brother was Ned Sr rague, the great prize
fighter. He challenged Yankee Sullivan, but Yankee
refused to fight him. My brother was drowned in Lake
Michigan. I refer you to Ned Witherell, around at
the post office station in Grand street, and Jo Ritter,
the-pork man, with Floyd, corner Allen and Broome
streets, and Henry Tice in the hardware business at No.
314 Grand street, and if you want any better proof of
my importance I can- tell you that I was
DEPUTED BY THE CITIZENS OF BROOKLYN
to visit the Russian Consul in this city, and extend on 1
their behalf an invitation to Prince Alexis to visit
Brooklyn first, before landing in New York. I came to
this city and searched for the Consul all night without
finding him. The next morning I found his office at No.
52 Exchange place.
The Consul himself lives in a garret over the office,
perhaps you had better say on the top floor, for I would
not want to hurt his feelings, for he is a gentleman and
a man, out and out. I told him my business, and he
accorded me a half hour’s interview. He said that he
knew Mayor Kalbfleisch, and regarded him very highly
After extending through him
BROOKLYN’S INVITATION TO PRINCE ALEXIS,
he asked me bow it c&uld be arranged. I told him that
the prince might land at Gowanus, and take the Smith
street railroad, and step out of the car right into Mayor
Kalbfleisch’s garden, where the citizens would be con
gregated to pay him their respects. He replied that he
would take the matter into consideration; and the inf
terview terminated. If we could only get the princ.tto
visit Brooklyn first, it will be the proudest act of
life I shall then be willing to bail “Bill” out of. mw>n,
and take the chances of his getting away fropimfiK
C ’AMP UNT ARY RESOI AjTION S.
THE CAPTAIN OF THE STE/*MES CHINA
THANKED. z
At a meeting of the passengers board the Roy al
mail steamer China, from Idverp o to New York, held
in the saloon on Tuesday, Oct. 1871, Mr. Ralli, bav
in" been unanimously called t the chair, and having ex
plained the object forwhich the meeting was called, the
fjl’owing resolution waii proposed and carried without
dissent:
We, the passengers ’the Cunard mail steamer Chi
na, before parting, esteem it not only a duty, but a
pleasure, to expre- g our d eep sense of the eminent skill
and afcity displ xye d b y Capt. Macaulay during the
present voyage, X ore especially on the occasion of the
violent gale of last. In addition to his ability as
a seamao, we cannot forbear from recording our sincere
acknowledg for the kindness and courtesy which
we h»ve a /experienced at bis hands. Moved by such
heartfel t sentiments, we tender to him, and the able of
ficers uio command, our most cordial thanks, to
wjtb every good wish for their future success and
p xfare.
ft was further resolved that the chairman be request
ed to sign on behalf of the nassangers the foregoing res
f i lulion, and prese.it the same to Capt. Macaulay.
Xha.resolutions were signed by si] the pftssebgers.
MEW YORK. CAUKDOWIAN CUUB,
PRESENTATION. TO xMR. JAMES FLEMING.
At the edjournod meeting of the N. Y. CL.edoniaa
dub, on Tuesday, it was Unanimously resolved topre
sent a handsome gold medal to Mr. James Flein ing, the
celebrated Scottish athlete, whose gentlemanly, unas
suming conduct, as well as his wonderful athle io per
formances, have earned for him the esteem and respect
of all with whom he has been brought in contact. On
Friday night, therefore, about fifty members of the
Ckib met in the Committee Room, when Chief John
Wa?4 f in neat and ter Hl ß
tation. Mr. Fleming reph'l3 in 4 v6 r y graeofuf idahHar
with a natural eloquence and feeling which aid him
credit. He esid ho would treasure this mark of their es
teem very highly, as whenever be looked at it. it would
unfailingly remind him of the unwavering kindness ho
had met with since his arrival in America. He stated
he haa n 4 oarly the Scottish gatherings in
the United States, uu ft? ?51 8^2 i a
Club as the parent of them all. -Li
First Chieftain Hamilton, Clansmen Knox. A. F.
Dykes, G. T. Addison and P. Breingan, each made a few
remarks, the latter gentleman thanking Mr. Fleming on
behalf of Mrs. Goldie and the Goldie Testimonial Com
mittee, for the kindness which prompted him to volun
teer his services and donate his prizes to the fund. Mr.
Breingan at the same time presented him with a fall
length photograph of the lato ex-Ohiof John Goldio,
which souvenir Mr, Fleming received with tokens of
sincere pleasure. He stated he did not know the lata
Mr. Goldie, but from every one who had known him he
had heard nothing of him but what was kind, generous,
and straightforward, and on these grounds alone her
would preserve his likeness with pride and pleasure.
Several songs were then sung, and the meeting wound
up with “Auld Lang Syne,” sung in true Scottish
fashion.
Mr. Fleming sailed for Glasgow on board th« Ca’o
donia yesterday, taking the good wishes of all with
him.
Before concluding wc must say Chief John Watt de
flt.'rves thanks of the C/.ub, not only for his attend
ance °n th? present occasion, but for his unvarying re
gularity’ in at all meetings of the Club, and
this, too, notwithstanding his residence was out of town,
thus obliging hi.m to sacrifice marsy home comforts in
order to be prese think the Club would be
studying its best in nominating this gentleman
for re-election to the honorable position of Chief, as in
him .they possess an c ®cer who will do his Utmost tr
forward ku»objects of th.’ Club in every resiroct.
CI.AN.
TWO MBM INJUBED BY* AN BXPLOSfON-A
A YOUNG MAN SBATEN.
The adherent’ of ex-Sheriff Jnr.xas O’Brien, candidate
for Senator from. Sbe Seventh Se’natoral District, pa
raded last evenin tr through the nritrsipal avenues anl
streets of the Bia Moonth and Twe.l'y-seeend Wards.
There was a liberal Usplay of torchlights and fireworks,
and tho procession, ’<”far as numbers were concerned 1
was an imposing one.
Wliileeome parties w wsfiring a large bomb in -Eighth
avenue, between Th. ’riy-fourth and Tnirty-fiitli
streets, it
EXPLODED PREMATURELY.
J. P. Webster, of No. 272 "West Forty-third street, was
struck by a fragment, and wricue’y injured about tho
lower part of the abdomen. Edward Mauer, of No. 087
Eighth avenuo, was also stru 01111,0 and s nous 'y
injured. Both were attendee kv Dr. Dalrymple, u«
their wounds being dressed, th wero 80nt home.
While the procession was pass; ng Thirty-seventh strcot
and Fifth avenue, a young man 'amel Edward Graham
cheered for John Bradley, the op posing candidate. I 0
was set upon by some of those in i h?r procession, and
BEATEN AND KI >KED,
and finally one of his assailants dea h im a blow on the
head with a cart wrung, causing a ooitous wound. He
was taken to the Thirtieth Police Station, where bis
wounds were dressed.
At several places along the route the friends of Sena
tor Bradley collected and cheered lor their candidate.
The friends of O’Brien gave counter c hears, and fights
were imminent. Except in tho case we i laKe iven how
ever, there was no actual collision while *ho procession
Was on the move, but there were diver fiffhts in bar
rooms and elsewhere after it broke’up. Tr.ore is a fair
chance for hot work m this district before emotion day,
the rival Democratic forces being evu My di\ d.iad.
COURT vIOA T S.
FLEECING A CHICAGO SUFFERER-. FALSE
CHARGE DISMISSED—TWO lil'ONTl 1:? FOR
STEALING A PIECE OF MEAT-A N UN GRATE
FUL GUEST.
There was a tolerably long list of cases’ yester i xv.-but
there was Very little of interest in the proce
Justice Dowling was present for a short Lime,l the
court room was so damp and chilly, he wi is oblr to
leave. His Honor told the reporters ho w as suf f&nug
from an attack of influenza, and remarkei I it we too
bad for himself and the members of the proas, that
owing to the existing municipal complicate ms, that h.o
could not get a stove to heat the court rooi n. Jut ica
Shandley presided.
A CHICAGO SUFFERER.
John C. Ehohorn was- one of the victims ol the ChF
cago-fire, which burnt him out of house and h oine. Ho
came on here after the disaster, with several of hers who
had friends living in Naw York, and was here only two
days when he was robbed of a bran-new overco. it. Tho
thief proved to be Thomas Henry. Thomas ei plained
very naively how he came to take the coat, lit) stated
that he lived in the same house with Ehohorn. and had
hung his coat on a peg in the room where he slept.
Coming back there the coat was gone. He thereupon
went into the next room, which was Ehohorn’s, and
there found the coat in question, which he put on his
back, and walked off, Ho was subsequently arrested, and?
tho coat recovered.
NOT GUILTY.
A German named Henry Robertson was charged with
collecting twenty dollars on behalf of the No. 9 Gdrrra i
Reform Club of the 22J Ward, without authori
ty. On examination it was shown that he collected tho
money fcr the German Citizens Association, that he
was duly authorized to do so by the President of the
club, Mr. Bodge. He was discharged.
THOMAS VAN DUZEN,
a pale, miserable,halt-starved looking young man, got twi
months in the Penitentiary for stealing a niece of meat.
Clemency might have been shown in this case we think
and the poor devil lot go, as bis face expressed unmis
takeable signs of hunger and hard times.
AN UNGRATEFUL WOMAN
is Jane Eliza Osborne. Mrs. Rose Nelson, of Eighth
avenue and Thirteenth street, allowed her the shelter of
her roof one wet night that she came to her house, and
when she was going away in the morning Jane too#
with her nearly the whole of Mrs. Nelson’s wardrobe,
she deserved the sentence she received—two months in
the Penitentiary.
Bernard Carroll, a lad about 15 years of age, was
caught in the act of tapping the till in the store of
Charles Hunchbeck, of Bayard street. He was sent to
the school.
Kate Stinson was sent to the Penitentiary for five
months for robbing Annie Frinke, of 85 Bayard street,
of a quantity of clothing.
RUPTURED PERSQNS SUOUUDREAD
THE EOEEOWING:
DR. SHERMAN.
Dear Sir: A friend of mine, residing in New York
city, writes to me that he has been cured by your patent
appliance and compound. lam troubled with rupture,
and my friend advises mo to try your remedy. He advises
me to try it by all means, as he feels assured that it will
cure me. I have worn a truss since I have been rup
tured. A truss is troublesome towear; and if I could
be cured of rupture, so as as not to wear a truss, I
should be willing to pay a handsome sum of money. I n
fact, I should not consider money any object in compari
son with health. The letter that I received from my
friend in New York gives me a feeling of encourage
ment that there is a cure for my case. If you have a
pamphlet giving some account of your method of treat*
ment of rupture, I should like to have you send it to
me before buying your patent appliance and conn
pound.
Direct to F. Wayland Loring, 98 West Newton st.
Boston, Mass., Oct. 23,1871.
Of the advantages of Dr. Sherman’s system of treat-
ing rupture, those interested can have abundant proof.
References to those who have been cured in this city,
after being tormented with trusses for many years, can
bo furnished. Office, No. 697 Broadway.
suicmia of a. ctwlr.
THE RESULT GF REMORSE FOR A WRONG
ACT.
Coroner Schirmer held an inquest yesterday-,, at No.
avenue, in the case of Bertha Smith, aged 11
years, who committed suicide by taking Paris green.
The child had asked her mother to allow her to attend a
fair; the mother declined to give her consent; and the
child stole money enough from her paren :%.to pay her
way. This was discovered by the mother, &axd she said
she would ta.l the child’s fattier. and.
seized with remorse for what she had d ,pe, the child
went to a neighbor and said her mother wanted Rome
Paris green to kill cockroaches, It was .given her, and
she went home and swallowed. a portion. Death ensued
in a few-hours.
Is this a Murder ?—The bedy oF
an unknown man, aged about thirty years, having black
hairs, no beard aad wearing dark- clothes, white shiifc.
and gaiter shwjs, was f annd yesterday in the North
Ri»er off Pier No. 5. Close examination showed that
there was a <!&ep cut under the, left ear, but whether this
was inflicted before or after death a poet mo; fem exami-,
nation alone can determine. The body was much de-.
composed, having been m the water apparently sbput
two wveks. An inquest will be he held to-day.
Theft of Shoes and Leather.—
William If. Curley, a shoemaker, living in First ay.enue,
was arrested yesterday on the charge of stealing sixty
pairs of shoes, worth $l5O, from William Ross, of No. 7(
Murray street, He was also charged by Archibald Mo-
Callum, of No. Spruce street, with the theft of grain
leather, worth $75. The stolen property was sold, at a
low rate to Frederick W. Deitz, of No. 627 Fifth street,
who was also arrested. Both the accused were com
mitted to await trial.
Fatal Car Accident. —Wm. Ben
nett, aged 60 years, a driver, of No. 214 Bast Forty-sev
enth street, white skylarking last evening with Peter
Rush, was accidentally pushed off the front platform oX
a Harlem Railroad freight ear, and the wheels passed
over both legs, causing probably fatal injuries, Howaa
removed to Bellevue Hospital.
Death m the Tombs. —John Kelly,
aged 29 years, late of No. 297 Delanoey street, was ar
rested a day or two ago on a charge r,f disorderly eon.
duct, and committed to the Tomba. He was taken sud
denly ill yesterday, and died in a few moments. Th»
body was removed tu th» m—'-.
5