ASPIRING Miss BE LAINE.
A CHEMICAL NABBATTVE.
The following is Hr. t lia te’s rocm, delivered be
fore the rhi Beta Kappa Society of Harvard Univer
sity last commencement:
Certain farts which servo io explain
The physical charms of Miss Addie De Laino,
Who, as the common reports obtain,
Surpassed in complexion the lily and rose;
With a very sweet month and a retrousse nose
A figure like Hebe's, or that which revolves
In a milliner's window, and partially solves
That question which mentor and moralist pains
If grace may exist minim feeling or brains.
Of course the young lady had beaux by the score,
Atl that she wanted, —what girl could ask more
Lovers that sighed, and lovers that swore.
Lovers that danced, and lovers that played,
Men of profession, of leisure, and trade;
But one. who was destined to take the high part
Of holding that mythical treasure, her heart,
This lover—the wonder and envy of town—
Was a practicing chemist,—a fellow called Brown.
T might here remark that ’lavas doubted by many,
Tn regard to the heart, it Miss Addie had any;
But no one could look in that eloquent face.
With its exquisite outline, and features of grace.
And mark,througli the transparent skin,how the tide
Fbbed and flowed at tin- impulse of passion or pride;
None could look who believed iu the blood’s circula
tion
Vs argued by Harvey, but saw confirmation.
That here, at least, Nature had triumphed o’er art,
And, as far as complexion went, she had a heart.
But this par parenthesis. Brown was the man
Preferred of all others to erry her fan,
Hook her glove.drape her shawl.and do all that a belle
Hits to t at well.
Folks wondered and stared that a fellow called
Brown—
Abstracted and solemn, in manner a clown,
111 dressed, with a lingering smelt of (he shop—
Should appear as her escort at party or hop.
Some swore he had cooked up some villainous charm,
Or love philter, not in t he regular Pharm-
Acopea, and thus, from pure maUn prepense,
Had bewitched and bamboozled Ibe young lady’s
sense
Others thought, with more reason, the secret to lie
in a magical wash or indelible dye;
While Society’ with its censorious eye
And judgment impartial, stood ready to damn
What wasn’t improper as being a sham.
For a fortnight the townsfolk had all lieen agog
With a patty, the finest the season had seen.
To be given in honor of Miss Pollywog,
Who was jnst coming out as a belle of sixteen.
The guests were invited; but one night before
A carriage drew up at the modest back-door
Of Brown’s 1 and Tab ry; and, full in the glare
Of a big purple bottle, some closely-veiled lair
Alighted and entered; to make matters plain.
Bpite of all veils and disguises—’twas Addie DeLaine.
Asa bower for true love, ’twas hardly the one
That a lady would choose to be wooed in or won
No odor of rose or sweet jessamine’s sigh
Breathed a fragrance to hallow ’heir pledge of troth
by.
Nor the balm that exhales from the odorous thyme;
But the gaseous effusions of chloride of lime,
And salts, which your chemist delights to explain
As the base of the smell of the rose and the drain.
Think of this, Oye lovers of sweetness! and know
What you -mel!, when you snuff up Lubin or
Pinand.
I piss by the greetings, ihe transports and bliss.
Which, of course, duly follow a meeting like this,
And come down to business—for such the intent
Of the lady who now o’er the crucible leant,
fo the glow of a furnace of carbon and lime,
lake a fairy called up iu the new pautamime;
And give but her words as she coyly looked down,
In reply to the questioning glances of Brown:
I am taking the drops, and am using the paste,
And the little white powders that had a sweet taste,
Which you told me would brighten the gluuce of mv
eye.
And the depilatory, and also the dye,
And I’m charmed-with the trial; and how. my dear
Brown,
I have one other favor,—now, ducky, don’t frown,
Only one, for a chemist and genius like you
But a trifle, and one you easily can do.
Now listen to-morrow, you know, is the night
Of the birthday soiree of that Pollywog fright.;
And I’m to be there, and the dress I shall wear
Is too lovely but But what then, ran choreT"
Said Brown, as the lady came to a full stop.
And glanced round the shelves of the little .back
shop.
Well, I want—l want something to till out the skirt
To the proper dimensions, without being girt
In a stiff crinoline, or caged in a hoop
That shows through one’s skirt like the bars of a
coop;
Something light, that a lady may waltz in, or polk.
With a freedom that none but you masculine folk
Ever know. For, however poor woman aspires,
She’s always bound down to the earth by these
wires.
Are yon listening? nonsense! don’t stare like a
spoon,
Idiotic some light thing, and spacious, and soon—
Something like—well, iu fact—something like a bal
loon
H> re she paused; and here Brown, overcome by
surprise.
Gave a. doubting assent with still wondering eyes,
And the lady departed. But just at the door
Something happened—’tis true, it had happened be
fore
In this sanctum of science,—a sibilant sound,
lake some element just from its trammels unbound,
Or two substances that their affinities found.
The night of the anxiously looked-for soiree
Had come, with its fair ones in gorgeous array
With the rattle of wheels, and the tinkle ol bells.
And the How do yo do’s,”, and Hope you are
wells;”
And (lie crash in the passage, and last lingering look
You give as you hang your best hat on the hook
The rush of hot air as the door opens wide
And your entry—that blending of self-possessed
pride
And humility shown in your perfect-bred stare
At the ffflk, as if wnndcri ig how they got there;
With other tricks worthy of Vanity Fair.
Meanwhile that safe topic, the heat of the room,
Already was losing its fn shness and bloom
Young x-’ople were yawning, and wondering when
The dance would come off, and why didn't it then
When a vague expectation was thrilling toe crowd,
I/’, the door swung its hinges with utterance proud!
'n l Pompey announced, with trumpet like strain,
The entrance of Brown and Miss Addie Do Laiue.
Sho entered but, oh, how imperfect the verb
To express to the senses her movement superb!
To say that she sailed in more clearly might tell
Her grace in its buoyant and billowy swell.
Her robe was a vague circumambient space,
With shadowy bounds! is made of point-lace.
The rest was but guess-work, and well might defy
The power of critical feminine eye
To define or describe; "twere as futile to try
The gossamer web of l ie cirrus to trace.
Floating far in the blue of a warm summer sky.
'Midst the humming ot praises and glances of beaux,
T- r- iid n whereversh< ;oea,
Er.iw i slipped like a shadow, grim, silent and black,
AA ith a look of anxiety, close in her track.
Once he whispered aside in her delicate ear,
V sentence of warning,—it might be of fear
41 Don't stem lin a draught, if you value your life.
(Nothing more—such advice might be given your
wife
Or your sweet heart, in i imes of bronchitis and cough,
Without mystery, romance, at frivolous scoff.)
But hark to the music the dance has begun.
The closely-draped windows wide open are flung;
The notes of the piccolo, joyous and li lit.
Like bubbles burst forth on the warm summer night.
Bound about go the dancers in circles they fly';
Frp, trip, go their feet as their skirts eddy by;
And swifter and lighter, but somewhat too plain.
Whisks the fair circum solving Aliss Addle DcLaine.
Taglioni and Cerito well might have pined
For the vigor and ease that her movements com
bined
E'en Rigelboch never flung higher h- r robe
-lobe.
Twas amazing, Twas scauduh ns lost in surprise,
Some opened their mouths, and few shut their eyes.
and; d hark! At the moment Miss Addle De Lainc.
'-iri liug round at the outer edge of an ellipse,
AA nich brought her lair form to the window again,
From the arm of Ik r partner incautiously slips!
And a hriek fills the air, and Ihe music la still.
And the crowd gather round where her partner
forlorn
still frcnzicdly points from the window-sill
Into space and the night; fox Miss Addle was gone!
on like the bubble that bursts in the sun
Gone like the grain when the reaper is done
Gone like the dew m the fresh morning grass
Gone without parting farewell; and alas
Gone with a flavor of Hydrogen Gas.
When the weather is pleasant, you frequently meet
A Whitt-headed man slowly pacing the street-
His trembling hand shading his lack-lustre eye
Half blind with continually scanning the skv.
Rumor points him as some astronomical sage
fieperosing by day the celestial page;
But the reader, sagacious, will recognize Brown
Trying vainly to conjure his lost sweetheart down
And learn the stern moral (his story must teach
Chat Genius may lilt its love out of its reach.
Exposition in Moscow.
international Exhibitions are be-
the rage, and, unless we get up
something of the sort on a worthy scale
before long, we shall lose caste nmpng
t ae nations. Last year there Avas an
exhibition at St. Petersburg Avhichprov
ed, it must be owner, a doubtful suc
cess but tiie Russians, nothing daunt
ed, are to have anew “Polytechnic Ex
position at Moscow, in 1872. The
programme has already been published
It sets forth that the objects exhibit
ed ought to form collections, more or
less complete and systematic, of all
that will facilitate the study of the
practical sciences; besides which, col
lections composed ol machines and ap
paratus of industry will doubtless at
tract, by their perfection, or by their
ingenious combination, the attention of
Russian manufactures and artificers
Wc hope that American mechanicians
will sc e the advantage of preparing
samples of their handiwork in good
season for exhibition.
There was a frog who lived in a spring,
He caught such a cold that he could not sing.”
Poor, unfortunate, Batrachian! In
what a sad plight he must have been, j
And yet his misfortune was one that
often befalls singers. Many a once I
tuuetid voicg among those who belong I
u the genus homo is utterly spoil-
V oy cold in the head or on the
■mgs, or both combined. Eor the I
aware ft 0 10116 1 not
“If V llt UU reuic,i .v was ever devis-1
man We rejolce know that all hu-1
O f I -S u mu v ku b their heads clear
fisc ]l s U l ts A" tuue b -V a timely
Dr Pi l e S Cutairh Remedy and I
iV ICIXC s Golden Medical Discovery 1
both of which are sold by S
s 570. I
The Sailor.
Tfae sailor looking out to sea,
Through the bleak and darkness of the night,
Amid the throbbing of the waves
Still hears her voice so soft and light;
And fancy brings the sound to him
Of church-bells ringing through the spray;
And in the sparkle of salt waves
He sees green Helds, and smells the hay.
Oh well for him he has this thought.
This moment's thought, forgetting care,
Ttiat, as the ship flies on apace.
He sees blue eyes and sunny hair.
To-morrow o’er the glassy sea.
Beneath the glowing tropics sun.
Shall float loose timbers, shattered spars,
And all his dreaming shall be done
—From Old and New.
FARM, HARDEN AND HOUSEHOLD.
Helpful flints Tor Housewives.
Fried Squash. —Slice thin, dip in
e £gs, than flour, and fry iu butter.
To Remove Grease from Floors.—
Apply ;t paste of wood ashes, keep it on
several days, and then wash off.
To Clean Lamp-Shades.—Lamp
shades may be cleaned with soap or
pearl ash these will not injure or dis
color them.
Some Pickling Recipes.— Radish
Pods.- Put them in brine for three
days; drain and pour over them a pickle
of vinegar, cloves, cinnamon and pep
per scalded together.
German Puffs, —Melt a quarter of a
pound of butter, and mix it well wit h
half a pound of flolir add one quart
of milk, eight eggs well beaten, some
grated nutmeg and some cinnamon,
Beat the ingredients well together, and
bake the mixture in cups. Fill your
cups but half full, as the putts rise
very high.
Straws. —Nearly a quart of flour, iu
which mix well one teaspoonful of
cream-of-tartar in this cut finely a
piece of butter the size of an egg;
break three eggs in, and add two cups
of sugar. Dissolve one teaspoonful of
soda in oue cup of milk, and add it to
the flour. Cut them out about as thick
as doughnuts and fry them iu butter.
Onions.— Remove the outer skin of
small onions; boil them until half
done in salted water while hot, drop
them into a Jar of pepper-spiced vine
gar. Another way: Soak them for
three days in brine; then scald them
in milk and water; drain, lay them in
a jar and pour over cold vinegar, scald
ed spices and a little alum; cover close
ly-
Sweet Apples. —To half a peck of ap
ples make a syrup of two pounds of
sugar and one pint of vinegar. Boil
the apples iu this syrup until tender
then remove them and make anew
syrup of two and a half pounds of sugar
and one pint of vinegar. Add one tea
spoonful of cloves, and the same ot
cinnamon tied in a bag. Boil for fif
teen minutes pour hot over the fruit.
The first syrup may be used for other
sauces.
Farm andGurdm.
A Cheap Ice house.— Throw a dozen
or two of old rails or poles on a piece
of ground sufficiently inclined to carry
off water, fill the crevices between the
poles with saw dust, cover with old
boards, slabs or barks, get from the
saw mill a few loads of slabs, take four,
say twelve feet long, notch the corners
like a log house, set them on the plat
form and you have a crib about ten and
a half feet square by the width of the
slab deep; fill this crib witli sawdust
and pack it down hard. Cut your ice
so that it will pack close, and two by
four feet; lay it on the sawdust, put
on another crib of slabs and fill up and
pack hard with saw dust, all around,
and so go on until you get up six or
eight feet; then put a foot and a half
of sawdust on top; over this put a shed
roof of slabs—oue end of the slabs
nearly to the ice, raising the other
three feet. If ice is all that is wanted,
it will keep in this manner as well as in
a varnished house.
In a short time the frosts, aided by
rams and and winds, will have scatter
ed a bountiful supply of leaves over
the woodlands. These leaves can be
made to do an excellent service on the
farm. They should be carefully raked
together in heaps and drawn to the
homestead, where a shed or some place
can be found in which they may be
stored away. They may be hauled in
a hayrack by weaving in some corn
stalks between the stakes, close enough
to prevent them from falling through.
A large barn basket is a convenient
thing to load them with, and it will be
surprising how many loads may be
gathered from an acre of wood
land. They make a very excel
lent bed for hogs, being to some
extent the lied provided for them by
nature. For sows with young pigs
they are the best bed that can be pro
cured, as there is no danger, when
they are used, of the young pigs get
ting entangled in the bedding and
crushed. Asa source of manure, they
are valuable, they rot easily and have
good fertilizing qualities. Elm and
oak leaves contain a large proportion
of potash and leaf mold, or ihe de
composed leaves, make a valuable ad
dition to the soil of flower gardens, or
for potting plants. Where manure is
scarce—and where is it not?—leaves
should be the first resource whereby an
increase may be made. —Exchange
Cheap Wash fou Buildings. —Take
a dean, water tight cask, and put into
it half a bushel of lime. Slack it by
pouring water over it boiling hot, anil
in sufficient quantity to cover it five
inches deep, and stir it briskly till
thoroughly slackened, dissolve it in
water, and add two pounds of sulphate
of zinc and one of common salt. These
will cause the wash to harden and pre
vent its cracking, which gives an un
seemly appearance to the work. A beau
tiful cream color may he given to the
wash by adding three pounds of yellow
ochre; or a good pearl or lead color by
the addition of a lump of iron-black.
For fawn color add four pounds of um
ber, one pound of Indian red, and one
pound common lampblack. For stone
color, add two pounds raw umber and
two pounds of lampblack. When ap
plied to the outside of houses and
and to fences, it is rendered more du
rable by adding about a pint of sweet
milk to a gallon of wash. —Scientific
American.
How to Keep a Horse Quiet who
Kicks in the Night.— This most annoy
ing habit, which often produces un
sightly swellings on the hocks, besides
more serious injuries, is frequently the
result of nervousness and ennui, and
not of vicious propensities. It is a
form of hysteria of the limbs, to which
others beside horses are subject. Un
fortunately the same simple means of
cure so efficacious in the horse are not
so applicable to the human ani
mal. To cure this disagreeable habit
in the horse all that is required is to
attach a round ball of wood, weighing
about two pounds, to the hind fetlock
of the limb most commonly employed
in this pastime, by means of a strap
tw o and a half or three feet long
W heuever lie lifts his foot to kick, a
blow from the ball at once administers
a correction for the fault he is about to
commit, and in a short time he gives up
his bad habit. This plan has proved
very successful. —Edinburgh Med.
Jour., Sept., 1871,
The Forest City Base Ball Club, of
Cleveland, sent an agent to New York
last wees, to make overtures to ’Jimmy
M ood, of the Cllicagos, to assume its
captaincy. The agent has just re
turned. ;nd reports that a contract lias
been signed to that effect. The new
nine for 1872 is now complete, it will
be much stronger than last year.
“Remember, life is but a shadow;
its date the intermediate breath we
draw.” Insure in The Mutual Life In
surance Company of Chicago.
A MISSING WILL RECOVERED;
A Dyinst Confederate General’s Estates
—!B3oo,ttDo Involved—The Will jnst
RcstortM to the General’s Daughter.
From the N. Y. Sun, Saturday.
Henry Dillon, an ex-Union soldier,
proprietor of a newspaper stand at
Montgomery and Hudson streets, Jer-1
sey City, yesterday received a check
for $5OO from the daughter of the late
Gen. Stegman of the Confederate army.
The circumstances under which the
money was paid are romantic. During
the war Dillon served in the Second
New Jersey Cavalry. He accompanied
his regiment on Grierson’s famous raid
through Mississippi, and while on a
scouting expedition one day encoun
tered Gen. Stegman and one of his
staff officers. Shots were exchanged,
and the rebel general fell from his sad
dle mortally wounded. The staff’ officer
Hed, but was overtaken and captured
by a comrade of Dillon’s. In his dying
moments Gen. Stegman requested his
slayer to take from one of his inside
pockets his will, bequeathinng all his
property to his wife and daughter, and
a life insurance policy for $40,000. He
asked Dillon to keep them and send
them to his family.
After the war Mr.' Dillon advertised
in vain for the owners, and he resolved
to retain possession of the papers until
some inquiries should be made for
them. Recently an advertisement ap
peared in the Alabama papers offering
$5OO reward for the missing will. Dil
lon answered it, and Gen. Stegman’s
daughter came north as the guest of
Roger A. Pryor. .She related the par
ticulars of the long search for the will,
the difficulties that had been encoun
tered, the production of a forged will
by her father’s relatives, and their Mo
bile law-suits. She expressed deep
I gratitude to Mr. Dillon for the recov
ery of the will, and said that through
it her mother and herself would be en
abled to regain possession of their ex
tensive Alabama and Georgia estates.
The estates are valued at $300,000.
Dillon is to be subpoenaed as a wit
ness in the suits for their restoration to
the rightful owners. Young Dillon
gallantly distinguished himself in sev
eral actions during the war, and was
one of the few private soldiers to whom
Congress voted a gold medal for
bravery.
Buildings That Are Fire-Proof,
The Washington correspondent of
the Cincinnati Commercial has “inter
viewed Mr. Millies, the Government
architect, on the subject of fireproof
buildings, and here are his opinions
Mr. Mullet says there are very few
fire-proof buildings iu the United
States. He ought*to know, for he has
had all the government buildings in
this country on his hands for several
years, and has built the best of them,
and it is probable lie has devoted as
much time, study and investigation to
the subject as any architect to be found.
Why, my friend," said he, don’t
you know that granite, when subjected
to a strong heat, crumbles like dry plas
ter. It is the best building stone in
the world it will resist time, and heat,
i and damp, and rain, and everything
else, but it won’t resist lire. Marble
is not much better, but it is some; mar
i ble will not burn up as soon as granite.
1 Sandstone is about the same, with some
i few exceptional varieties.”
I “Now, a good many blessed idiots
I think that if a vault is buitt of granite
|it is tire and burglar -proof. Nothing
iof the sort. If 1 wanted to make a se
cure vault, I shouldn’t make it of gran
ite. A skillful burglar can get into a
granite vault in no time,"
i “How?"
1 Why, with a blow pipe. With a
large blow-pipe and a small, sharp blaze
well handled, and a burglar can crack
a block of granite to pieces before you
know it. When subjected to a severe
heat it cracks and splits off in flakes,
and you can crush it into sand with
your fingers. Oh, no, a granite build
ing is not fire-proof."
Well, what sort of a building is
1 fire-proof?”
A granite building," he answered,
without apparently noticing the ques
j cions, will stand heat a great while,
|so will marble a great while. But a
wooden cupola, or steeple, or tower
must not be put on top of it, like that
I on the Chicago court house.”
“Granite isn’t fire-proof,”
I he continued, but as i said before, it
j will stand a good deal. It is probable
that Ihe court house would have stood
i had it not been for the wooden cupola
and the open windows. The Chicago
.Tribune cilice would probably have
stood it it had had iron shutters out
side and inside on all the windows. Yet
it is by no means certain, if the tire
raged with the intensity that is de
scribed.”
\V hat, then, is to be done,” I ask
j ed, “if granite, and marble, and sand
stone are not tire-proof Is not the
capitol, the treasury, the post office de
partment—are not these tire-proof
Why, bless your soul, no Not
one of them. But they are probably
I safe for all that, because they stand
aw ay from other buildings—all except
the post office. If we should have much
a fire in Washington as that in Chicago
I should fear tor the post office build
iug. Why, my dear sir," ho continued
in a more snappish tone than ever, “do
you know there is but one fire-proof
government building in the country
That’s the Appraisers store in Phila
delphia.”
it possible? And that is the
only one?”
It’s the only one I know of.”
What’s the material?”
Why,” he answered, “it’s brick.—
Brick is the only absolute fire-proof
building material I know of.”
j A Bath of Beauty.— The fountain o
perpetual youth is discovered at last!'
It is the baths of Schlangen Bad, near
Schwalbach. A correspondent, who
i knows whereof he writes, asserts most
I positively that these waters do have
an active and speedy effect on the skin.
That effect may he temporary, he ad
mits, but then the application can be
continually renewed, and the bath of
beauty taken as regularly as break
last. this is the veritable achievment
that Mine. Rachel promised, but failed
to perform. Hhe pledged herself to
make people “beautiful forever,” a
power belonging, it appears, only to
Nature and the baths of Schlangen
Bad. These render the soft skin of
youth still more soft and lovely; they
restore some of the beauty of youth to
the skin of the matron.” The respect
able authority we cite declares that
there is no doubt whatever that even a
single bath does not really produce a
certain,“though temporary,”alteration
in the skin. One’s body appears, he
tells us, to be converted into alabaster.
The effect is strange, and to some
persons may be pleasing.” We cer
tainly know of a good many persons on
whom the effect would bo pleasing on
another score than that of mere good
looks, yet undoubtedly to alternate
from a condition of alabaster to one of
Scotch granite might be attended with
inconveniences.
Incidents of the Great Chicago
Fire.— Alfred L. Sewell, one of the most
widely known publishers of Chicago, is col
lecting Incidents of the Great Fire, to be pub
lished by him, in book form, at the earliest
possible day. Mr. Sewell’s printing establish
ment and business were entirely destroyed,
leaving him at liberty to give his whole atten
tion, for the present, to this book, which will
be one of thrilling interest. Mail to him now,
at Chicago, the price, fifty cents and he will
send you a copy post paid, as soon as ready.
Robert Blackburn, confined in the
Franklin (Ky.) jail on an indictment
for the murder of John Hoffman, in
Simpson county, in 1866, was released
by a party of men last week.
Phantom Annies.
A folio of Apparitions and Wonders,
preserved in the British Museum,
records that at Durham, on the 27th of
September, 1703, when the evening sky
was serene and full of stars, a strange
and prodigious light spread over its
northwestern quarter, as if the sun it
self was shining then came streamers
which turned to armed men ranked on
horseback. J. Edmonson, the writer
of the Broadsheet, adds: “It was
thought they would see the apparition
better in Scotland, because it appeared
a great way north the same, he con
tinues gravely, “was seen in the latter
end of March, 1704,” and the battle of
Hochstadt followed it. This must re
fer to the second battle fought there,
which we call Blenheim, when Marshal
Tallard was defeated and taken prison
er by Marlborough. But this wonder
ful light which turned to armed men at
Durham was outdone by a marvel at
Churchill, Oxfordshird, where (iu the
same collection) we find that, on the
9th of January, 1705, lour sons were
all visible in the air at once, “sent for
signs unto mankind," adds the pub
lisher, Mr. Tookey, of St. Christopher’s
Court, “and having their significa
tions of the Lord, like the handwrit
ing unto his servant Daniel.”
In 1714. a man named D. Stricket,
when servant to Mr. Lancaster, of
Biakehills, saw, one evening about
7 o’clock, a troop of horse ride leisurely
along Souter Fell, in Cumberland.
They were in close ranks, and ere long
quickened their pace. As this man had
been sharply ridiculed as the solitary
beholder of a spectre horseman in the
same place in the preceding year, he
watched these strange troopers for
some time ere he summoned his master
from the house to look too. But ere
Stricket spoke of what was to be seen,
Mr. Lancaster discovered the serial
troopers,” whose apperrance was as
plainly visible to him as to his servant.
These visionary horsemen seem
ed to come from the lowest
part of Souter Fell, and
became visible at a place named Knott;
they moved in successive troops (or
squadrons) along the side of the Fell
till they came opposite to Biakehills,
where they went over the mountain.
They thus described a kind of curvili
near path, their first and last appear
ances being bounded by the mountain.”
They were two hours in sight; and
this phenomenon was seen by every
person present (twenty-six in number),
in every cottage within the distance of
a mile,” according to the statement at
tested before a magistrate by Lancaster
and Stricket, on the 21st of July, 1745.
During the middle of the last centu
ry, a toll-keeper in Perthshire affirmed
on oath, before certain justices of the
peace, that an entire regiment passed
through his toll-gate at midnight; but
as no such force had left any town in
the neighborhood, or arrived at any
other, or, in fact, were ever si *n any
where but at his particular turnpike,
the whole story was naturally treated
as a delusion though the Highland
ers sought in some way to connect the
vision with the unquiet spirits of those
who fought at Culloden, for
there, the peasantry aver, hat
“in the soft twilight of the summer
evening, solitary wayfarers, when pas
sing near the burial mounds, have sud
denly found themselves amid the smoke
and hurly-burly of a battle, and could
recognize the various clans engaged by
their tartans and badges. On those
occasions, a certain Laird of Culduthil
was always seen amid the fray, on a
white horse, and the people believe
that once again a great battle will be
fought there by the clans but with
whom* or about what, no seer has ven
tured to predict.”
Shadowy figures of armed men were
seen in Stockton Forest, Yorkshire,
prior to the war with France, as the
Leeds Mercury and local prints record;
and so lately 1812, much curiosity and
no small ridicule were excited by the
alleged appearance of a phantom army
in the vicinity of hard-working, prosaic
Leeds, and all the newspapers and
magazines of the time show how much
the story amused the skeptical and oc
cupied the attention of the scientific.
The Death of Thomas Ewing.
Thomas Ewing died at Lancaster,
Ohio, recently. Mr. Ewing was horn
!in Ohio county, Virginia, December
i 28, 1789. He entered the United States
I Senate from Ohio in 1831, acting with
I the whigs and taking a prominent part
I in the debates on the removal of the
deposits from the United States Bank.
tn 1836 he introduced a bill to annul
the instructions issued by Mr. Wood
bury, Secretary of the Treasury, direct
ing receivers in land offices to accept
payments only in coin or Treasury cer
tificates. except from certain classes of
persons during a limited time. The
hill excited violent debate, and was de
feated. His terra expired in March,
and he resumed the practice ol his pro
fession.
In the presidential campaign of 1840
he supported General Harrison, and
when that gentleman came into power
he appointed Mr. Ewing Secretary of
the Treasury. In 1819 President 'ftiy
lor appointed him Secretary of the In
terior, and in 1830 ho was appointed by
the Governor of Ohio to serve Mr. Cor
win’s nnexpired term in lie Senate. In
1854 lie retired from public life, and re
sumed the practice of law.
It is not generally known that Gen
eral Sherman, when a boy, was adopt
ed by Mr. Ewing. The members of
the bar at Lancaster knew veny well that
Judge Sherman had left no adequate
provision for his large family, and it
was agreed among them that some of
the children should be educated and
supported by the legal brethren of the
deceased parent. Jn accordance with
this arrangement, Mr. Ewing, then in
the prime of his reputation as a great
lawyer and statesman, decided to adopt
one of the boys. At the ago of seven
teen, Sherman, through the influence
of Mr. Ewing, was admitted to the
West Point Academy, and, in 1850, he
was married to the daughter of his
friend and patron.
Hj dropliobia.
From the St. Joseph Gazette, Oct. 21.
On the evening ox the 18tlx inst., a
pretty little girl aged about three years,
a daughter of W. C. Kennedy, a police
man at the H. and St. Joe depot, was
bitten by a dog supposed to be rabbid.
One of our city physicians was called
in to see the little sufferer, and after tin
examination, expressed the opinion
that no danger was to be apprehended.
A short time thereafter, however, the
child manifested symptoms of a danger
ous character, ami she was taken to Dr.
Purcell, who pronounced the wound a
bad one, and advised the parents to take
the little girl to Savannah, where there
is a mad stone. Mr. Kennedy immedi
ately followed this advice, and he says
the result demonstrated the wisdom of
the course. An application of (lie stone
to the parts of the system away from
the wound exhibited nothing of impor
tance, but the moment it was applied
directly to the wound, it adhered with
marked tenacity, thus proving that the
poison of hydrophobia was in the sys
tem. The mad stone is owned by Mr.
J. Nelson, of Savannah.
Cohn Husks. The husks of corn are
very well worth saving. When dried
and torn into strips they make excel
lent mattresses, clean and sweet, and
very sofa and elastic. Plaited into a
rope and wound round a central point,
they make serviceable door-mats, the
manufacture of which w ill furnish pleas
ing and useful fireside employment for
many a stormy day when outside work
is impossible, or for the long evenings
of winter. They are worth saving for
these purposes alone.
British Claims Against the United States
The British American Claims Com
missian begin their labors n tne sth
proximo, and an examination of their
Buies of Procedure, coupled with
the amount of business that is known
to be awaiting them on the British side
of the house, justify the assertion of at
torneys and claim agents that these
gentlemen Commissioners have a life
contract on their hands, and that the
city of London will have to get anew
Becorder, or put up an indethiite peri
od with a nominal one three thousand
miles away. The existence of the Com
mission is limited by the Treaty of
Washington to two years, but the nec
essity of a promulgation of that term
will compel the two governments to ex
tend it before it has legally ex
pired. The Southern Claims Commis
sion, which is charged with the investi
gation of the very class of claims that
will comprise a majority of those com
ing before this international tribunal,
has also a duration of two years as
signed to it by law; but though by
their simpler methods of business those
Commissioners will be able to adjudi
cate claims at a rate ten-fold greater,
they have already ten years’ business
on their docket, with but little falling
off in the number of claims daily liled
before them. The rules of the ne<v
Commission are in many respects as
similated to those of the Southern
Commission, but their proceedings will
necessarily be attended with much
greater expense and delay to
the government and to parties.
The first rule, like that of
the Southern Claims Commission, re
quires each claii® to be explictly stated
in a memorial address to the mixed
Commission, this being for the double
purpose of saving to the Commission
ers and agents the arduous labor of ex
amining the great mass of papers that
accumulated since 1861 in the archives
of the State Department, British For
eign Office and the legations, and of
preventing claims from capricious en
largement of their claims
according to their ability to
pile up their losses and dam
ages and extend their proofs. This
explains the meaning of the cable dis
patch the other day, in which it was
said Mr. Howard had been instructed
“not to present any of these claims
until the claimant has filed at the office
of the Commissioners appointed under
the Treaty of Washington the formal
statement of the claim required by the
first of the rules adopted by the Com
mission.” Claims filed in 1861 will,
according to this ruling, be in no bet
ter position, so far as early considera
tion is concerned, than the ones last
liled, the Commission taking up only
such as are presented in proper form.
Aii hiiperinl Appeal to the Czar.
Tiie new Bonapartist paper, L’Ordrc,
publishes the following letter, written
by the Empress Eugenie to the Emper
or llussia after the disaster of Sedan.
Hastings, Sept. 30, 1870.
Siuk A fugitive from my country,
I now write to your Majesty. If I had
a few days since, when the destinies of
France were still in the hands of the
authority constituted by the Emperor,
taken the same step, I should, perhaps,
have appeared in the eyes of your
Majesty as entertaing doubts of the
real strength of my country. The last
events give me liberty to act, and I may
appeal to your Majesty’s heart. If 1
have rightly understood the reports
made by our Ambassador, General Flen
ry, your Majesty would a priori
repudiate the ultimate dismemberment
of France. Sire, fate has been against
us; the Emperor is a prisoner and ma
ligned. Another Government has un
dertaken the task which we considered
it was our duty to perform. I now be
seech your Majesty to use your influ
ence to bring about the conclusion of
an honorable and lasting peace when
the right moment shall come. May
France find in your Majesty, whatever
may be its Government, the same dis
position which you have displayed to
ward us in those bitter trials! Such is
the prayer I address to you. I beg
your Majesty, therefore, to keep this
communication secret, which your gen
erous spirit will readily understand,
and to which I am impelled by the col
lection of your Majesty’s sojourn in
Paris.
Death of a Promising Son of Roger A.
Pryor.
From the N. Y. Situ, 26th.
Yesterday morning a body found
floating in the East River, off Atlantic
street, was identified as Theodore
Bland Pryor, who has been missing
since Sunday the 15th. A Sun report
er called later in the day at the resi
dence of Major General Roger A.
Pryor, fatlier of the deceased youth,
at 157 Willow street, Brooklyn. Gen.
Pryor said that on the morning of the
15th young Pryor, who had been study
ing closely, complained of not being well.
He was found to have a high fever, ac
companied with ague. The young man,
however, clung to his books, and when
at last he was persuaded to abandon
them he put on his hat, and left the
house to take a stroll, so he said, and
cool off. Ho was never seen again un
til yesterday. Young Pryor was
about twenty years of age, possessed of
brilliant attainments and high moral
culture, lie entered Princeton College
in 18G8, and in 1870 graduated with
such honors as had never been attained
in that institution but by Aaron
Burr, nearly a century ago.
His grade was 99.9, and the
examining professor declared that the
examination which lie passed almost
challenged belief. He gained the Jay
Cooke Mathematical Fellowship, that
alone was open to him. In September,
1870, he went to the University of Cam
bride, England, and in a single year
won every prize and the only scholar
ship which was open to Inin. Young
Pryor studied hard after his return
from England, and it is thought that
his too zealous application to books im
paired Ins reason, and that in a fit of
aberration he drowned hiraaelt. A con
tusion was discovered on the body, un
der the left eye.
Buried Alive —Almost,
One James Hicklep, workman in one
of the Pittsburgh mills, has had a nar
row escape from being entombed alive.
James had the small-pox, the more’s
the pity, and finally, as it was suppos
ed, rendered bis wife a widow, and his
children fatherless Avas placed iu his
coffin without being “waked,” and
started off at a li\ T cly trot for the ceme
tery. Before a new-made grave the
hearse stopped, and the yawning sex
ton Avas ready to deposit
the remains in the yawn
ing grave, when a noise
Avas heard within the hearse. Terri
fied out of his senses, the driver called
on the pall-bearers to remove the
corpse. Hurriedly they dragged forth
the coffin, broke open the lid, and to
their astonishment, up rose James
Hickey and requested a “personal ex
planation,” as to his wooden overcoat,
closed carriage and all the other marks
of attention meant. Explanations fol
lowed at his own request Hickey was
returned to his coffin and driven home.
His welcome may be imagined, but he
considers that he had a narrow escape,
and he Avould like to dispose of a sec
ond-hand coffin.
Lately, while- three children, lavo
boys and a girl, were in a field near
Fish river, Ala., they heard the growl
of a panther and immediately tied. The
boys ran into a house near by, closing
the door, leaving the sister on the on
side, and as she has not been seen since,
it is supposed she Avas carried off’ by
the animal.
The Cause of Volcanoes.
The latest theory of the cause of
volcanoes is that proposed by Professor
Phillips, a distinguished English geo
logist. He attributes such eruptions
solely to tbe action of steam raised to
great power proportionately to the
depth at which it was formed. Taking
the assumed increase of the earth’s
temperature with the increase of depth
from the surface, Professor Phillips re
gards the limit of twenty miles as
equal to producing sufficient heat to
raise steam to the pressure of fortyjthou
saud atmospheres, or iu other words,
that,thirteen miles depth the earth’s
internal tmperature would be equal
to raising e steam of a force sufficient
to a column of lava thirteen miles
high. The theory is certainly a plausi
ble one.
How to get Stamina.— lron frames
and strong nervous systems are not
the lot of all. But the feeble need not
despair. By adopting the right means
they may live as long and enjoy life as
much as their more robust neighbors.
Physical invigoration is, however, ne
cessary to this end and while the
spirituous tonics and nervines usually
administered, eventually depress both
body and mind, Dr. J. Walker’s Cali
fornia Vinegar Bitters invariably
supply new vigor to the frame, while
they regulate every disordered function
Chapped Hands, face, rough skin,
pimples, ringworm, salt-rheum, and
other cutaneous affections, cured, and
the skin made soft and smooth, by using
the Juniper Tar Soap, made by Cas
well, Hazard Cos, New York. It is
more convenient and easily applied than
other remedies, avoiding the trouble of
the greasy compounds now in use.
A case of chronic rheumatism of
unusual severity, cured by Johnson's Ano
dyne Liniment," is noticed by one of our ex
changes. A large bunch came out upon the
breast of the sufferer, and appeared like part
of the breast bone.
Thk sweetest words in our language is
health. At the first indications of disease,
use well-known and approved remedies. For
dyspepsia or indigestion, use Parson's Pur
gative Pills. For coughs, colds, sore or lame
stomach, use Johnson's Anodyne Liniment,"
Coughs and Colds are often overlook
ed. A continuance for any length of
time causes irritation of the Lungs or
some chronic Throat Disease,—
Browns Bronchial Troches are an
effectual Cough Remedy.
Cure for Coughs and Colds.—Coe’s
Gough Balsam will be found a ready and effi
cient remedy for hard Golds, Group, Coughs
and all lung difficulties. It is sold by all drug
gists. The cheapest and best medicine in the
world.
Ready for Customers.—H. W.
J. M. Wetherell have located, since the fire,
at 369 Wabash avenue, Chicago, ana can now
furnish their customers anew and complete
stock of Millinery goods.
Shark bones have been exhumed in
Minnesota.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
Jat Cooke Cos. arc now selling, and recommend
as a profitable and safe investment for aU classes,
the First Mortgage 7—NO Gold bonds of the North
ern Pacific Railroad Company, bearing Seven and
Three Tenths per cent. g O M interest (more than 8
P<-r o-nt. currency), and secured by first and only
mortgage on the entire road and equipments, and
on more than *'53,01'0 Acres of Land to every mile
of track, or 500 Acres of Land to each $l,OOO bond.
The highest current price will be paid tor U.S. Five-
Twenties, and all other marketable securities re
ceived in exchange. Pamphlets, maps, and full
information, as well as the beads themselves, will I>e
furnished on application by Jay Cooke Cos., Phila
delphia, New York, and Washington, and by most
Banks and Bankers throughout the country.
THE MARKETS.
Beef Cattle—Fair to Prime 7 00 OS, 12 on
Hogs—Live 5 00 (3) 6 0<)
SHEEP—Fa ir t o Prime 400 @6 50
COTTON—Middling 18%
Flour—Extra Western 600 7 05
Wheat—No, 2 Spring 1 go 52
CORN—Western Mixed 70 78
Oats—Western CO M
Rye—Western 9C
Barley (<*7B
Pork—Mess @l3 50
Labl> 9%@ 10%
CHICAGO.
Beeves—Choice 6 00 (31 6£5
Prime 5 25 Oil 5 75
Fair Grades 4 50 (a), 5 00
Medium 4 00 (3) 4 50
Stock Cattle—Common 3 25 00
Inferior 2 do 3 25
Hoas—Live 3 80 @3 90
Sheep—Live—Good to Choice 2 75 @4 50
BuTTEB-‘-Choice 16 22
Eggs—Fresh is 20
Flour—White Winter Extra 6 25 (A 7 00
Spring Extra 5 50 7 20
Wheat—Spring No. 1 @1 22%
N0.2 1 10%
Ookn-No. 2 48%
OATS—No. 2 31)
Rye—No. 1 gj
Barley—No. 2 gg
Pork—Mess, New @l2 75
Lard g%
CINCINNATI.
Beef Cattle 3 60 6 50
Hogs—Live 4 ,i 4 25
■KEEP—Live 300 500
I lour -Family 650 6 75
Wheat—No. 1 Bed 1 40 1 43
Corn 47 67
Cats 36 40
R te 76 78
Barley- 70 80
POBK-Mess @l2 so
lard 9 9%
ST. LOUIS.
Beef Cattle—Choice S6OO TOO
Good to Prime 4 00 4 50
Hogs—Live 4 00 4 26
Sheep—Good to Choice 3 00 (S'. 6 (fl
Flour—Spring XX 5 *0 (St 6 50
Wheat No. 2 Red 1 43 1 50
G° rn 43%
33%
g™ 65
Barley; 70 go
Pork—Mess @l3 00
Lard 9 10
MILWAUKEE.
Beeves—Choice 560 600
Prime... 5 00 @5 60
Fair Grades 4 75 @6 00
Medium 4 25 (at 4 75
Stock Cattle—Common 350 4 25
Inferior Ml 3 25
Hogs- Live 360 390
Sheep—Live-Good to Choice 250 (S'. 4 50
Butter—Choice 16 21
Eggs—Fresh 19 20
FLOUR—White Winter Extra 7 09 @7 50
Spring Extra 6 00 660
WHEAT- Spring, No. 1 (3>, 1 23%
No. 2 1 20
Corn No. 2 48%
Oats—No 2 st
Rye— No, 2 61
Barley—Good p> 55
PORK—Mess 12 75 @l3 00
LARD 9 lfl%
LAST NOTICE,
Secure Sour Ghi'istmas and New
’S’car ©rifts.
$1,009,090$
Bv the authority 1 the at of the Loglslatnra of Ken
lucky, of March, 13, 1871, the Trustees of the Public
Library of Kentucky will give a
GRAND GIFT CONCERT,
AT LOUISVILLE, Ky„
Batnrda) r Deccmbfr 16. 1871.
100,(100 TICKETS OF ADMISSION! $lO EACH
CURRENCY; HALF TICKETS, $5.01); QUARTER
TICKETS, $3.60.
Tickets will be sent by registered letter: the money
for them may be sent by P. O. money order, green
backs or draft.
Each ticket consists of four quarters, value $2.50
each. The holder is entitled to admission to the Con
cert, and to the value of the gift awarded to it or its
fraction.
SoOD.tIOO IN ItfOMtAC!vS will be distrib
uted to holders of tickets, in gifts of from SIOO,OOO, the
highest, to $lO9, lowest, being 721 gilts in all.
The Concert is for the benefit of the
Pill El I' I.IISK\K VOF KENTUCKY.
THE CITIZENS’ BANK OF KY„ IS TREASURER
and the Corporators and Supervisors are the Hon!
Thomas E. Braralette, late Governor of Kentucky, and
twenty seven ot the most distinguished and respecta
ble citizens of the State.
The undersigned, late principal business manager
of the very successful Gift Concert for the benefit of
the Mercantile Library at San Francisco has been ap
pointed Agent and Manager of this Grand Gift Con
cert.
The drawing and distribution will take place in pub
lic, and everything will bo done to satisfy the buyers
of ticketa*hat their interests will be as well protected
as it they were personally present to superintend the
entire affair.
For tickets and information apply to
O. R. PETERS, 120 Main St., Louisville, Ky.,
w v 8 Astor House, New York.
H N. Hempsted, No. 410 Broad way Milwaukee, Wls.
M. V. trench, Virginia City, Nevada.
M. A. Wolf, No. 310 Chestnut street, St. Louis
Tickets also for sale in every prominent place iu the
Owing to the general derangement of mails and ad
vertisements consequent on the disastrous conflagra
tions iu the W eat, the sale of tickets in this enterprise
is extended to Nov. 30th, 1871, at winch time the main
office, 120 Main street, liouisville, Ky„ will close for
adjustment of accounts and business. No orders ex
cept by mail will be received after Dec. Ist, and no
orders by mail will be tilled after Dec. 10th. The New
York office will close Dec. 10th; other agencies Doc.
sth. Every ticket unsold Dec. 11th will do cancelled
by its number. The drawing will take place in public,
Dec. 16th, 1871,commencing at 7 a. in., and continue un
til the 721 gifts are awarded. Payment of awards will
commence Dee. 19, at 9 o’clock a. m. Circulars of
awards will bo fouud at every agency as soon as they
can be issued correctly, and will also be sent to all
ticket buyers as seon as possible. No order will be
tilled at main office for loss than $lO.
(.’HAS, Jl. PEfSKS* Ua.iiager.
OPIUM EATERS cored of the- liabii, address
T. E. CLARKE, M. D., Mount Vernon, Ohio,
9) IPT-ES, Shot-Guns, Revolvers. Gun Materials ef
1\ every kind. Write for a Price List, to Great West
ern Gun Woiks, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Gnus and
Revolvers bought, or traded for. Agents wanted
4 OK AMONTH! Horse and carriage furnished.
mJt) Expenses paid H. B. SHAW Alfred, Me.
Special Notices.
Consumption or Cough,
PLEASE
READ THE FOLLOWING LETTER.
Mount Vernon, 111., April 2?, 1871.
Messrs. J. X. Harris rf* (7-1., Cincinnati, Ohio
Oehtixmer- I heard one of my customers speak in
such hijfh terms ot Allen’s Luntxßalsam to-day that I
thought I ■would write yon the substance of his state
ments. He says his mother, who i 4 now sixth years of
age, has SUFFERED with CONSUMPTION for SEVER
YEARS, and has been under the care of all our best
physicians, but never received any permanent benefit
then she resorted to every kind of Couph and i.uns
Balsam that could be procured tor her, hot all to no
avail, bhe still grew worse, until she was confined to
her bed and when he was seized with a paroxysm of
conghmer, ehe would lose (he poirer of respiration, and
they were compelled to resort to various means to re
store breathing; and while she coughed so hard slip
could not expectorate anything, end the imiiivend
friends had given up all hopes of her recover'-. ifer
son noticed the advertisement of Allen’s Lung Balsam
in the Christian Ailrncate, and they thought they would
procure and try it. They commenced giving her the
Balsam at. 5 o’clock r. M., as directed, a dose every
hour until midnight; then she took another spell of
coughing, and expectorated a mouthful of dark, yel
low matter, which was something she had not been
able to do for some time. They continued to give her
the Balsam until morning, and then she. began to ex
pectorate freely, and within two hours she had EXPEC
TORATED THREE PINTS ot mucus matter. which gave
her immediate relief; and since that time she has
continued to improve. She now sits up alt day, and can
walk about the house and take considerable out-door
exercise. Her son bought more of the Balsam to-day,
and ho Is recommending It very highly to every one.
Yours, respectfully,
A. O. JOHNSON, Druggist
“Was there ever greater proof of merit than the case
this letter refers to
ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM is without doubt the
BEST EXPECTORANT REMEDY ever offered to the
afflicted public. It contains no opium in any form,
and its use is harmless to the most delicate.
Directions accompany each bottle.
It is .Sold by Medicine Dealers Generally.
CAUTION.
Call for “ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM,*’ and shun
the use of any other balsam, as unprincipled men may
deceive you with worthless preparations.
J. N. HARRIS 4 CO., Proprietors,
Cincinnati, O.
Sold AVholesale by GREENE* BUFION, Milwan
kee; U. BOSWORI’H SONS, Milwaukee; FULLER
FULLER, Chicago; RICHARDSON A CO., St,
Louis; MCCULLOCH, McCORD A CO., La Crosse;
NOYES BROTHERS A CUTLER, St. Paul.
Tlio Martyrs of Neglect.
It is not too much to say that tens of thousands
are now suffering from biliousness, indigestion,
constipation, periodical fevers, general debility, and
nervous affections, who might be restored to perfect
health within a month or less by the use of Hostel
ler's Stomach Bitters. The multitudes who have been
cured of these and other ailments by the use of this
well known si>ecific are always ready to testify to its
virtue as a preventive and a remedy. They are
spread over the whole country they are eager to
praise and recommend it; and yet, notwithstanding
its vast popularity, there are many invalids, and
many who are continually exposed to the epidemical
diseases, against which it is a sure protection, who,
either through indifference or incredulity neglect to
seize the opportunity to cure and means of preven
tion, which they have only to reach out their hands
to obtain. This is strange; it is one of the anomalies
of human nature which it is impossible to account
for or explain. It is, however, quite certain that
every day the number of these Martyrs of Neglect is
diminishing. This is proved by the statistics of the
sales of the great remedy. During the present fall
the del nand for it has increased beyond all precedent,
and it seems as if in the end the entire community
would realize the important fact, that when all other
medicines proscribed for the above complaints fail,
it can and does effect a cure. Asa protection
against the diseases most common at this season,
there is nothing comparable with it.
Happy Relief fob Young Men, from Nervous
Debility, Ac. Books and circulars sent free of charge.
AddressHOWAHD ASSOCIATION, Philadelphia,Pa
The Evening Wisconsin
MILWAUKEE,
Three editions daily, contains all the Latest- Tele
graph, News and Markets ot the .-trite day—the only
paper published in Milwaukee that does. Terms, $lO
per year; $2.50 lor three months.
WEEK LY WISCONSIN,
The Best Weekly Paper in the AVest, Terms, $1.60
per year.
ADDRESS
CRAMER, AIKENS CRAMER,
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
BIG-BLOW
Any party desirous of Private Treatment, either
Male or Female, will learn of anew mode of Cure,
warranted in every case, by calling or addressing Dr.
CHAS. BIGELOW, 4G-1 State St.. Chicago, 111.
BIGELOW
DITH RIDGE’
XX FLINT GLASS
LAMP
Stand Heat better than any other made.
Ask for Dithridge’s and take no other.
See that our name is on every box.
DETHRIDGE SON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Send for Price List.
“PHCENJX LIKE”
GOLDSMITH SITTIG’S
BUSINESS GUIDE DIRECTORY
Of the houses of the Burnt District” in Chicago.
This is the best compilation in the city. Persons
can have one copy hy sending 10 cent shy mail, or 100
copies for $5. Address GOLDSMITH it SITTIG,
Publishers, 146 AVest Lake street, Chicago.
Manhattan
SEWING MACHINE CO.
ALL RIGHT!
Receiving new goods, and ready to fill orders,
3 86 Wabash Avenue,
Our losses have been severe, but. wo are ready to
supply t he invaluable Manhattan on more liberal rates
and terms than before the fire. For agencies, samples
of work and machines, address MANHATTAN S. M.
CO., 386 Wabash Avenne, Chicago.
J.W. BUTLER. W. O.TYLER. ED. JAMES. O. M. BUTLER
J.W.BUTLER&OO.
(Successors to Latlin, Butler A Cos.)
IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF
Book, Mews, Writing
AND WRAPPING
PAPERS,
Papor Bags, Card Stock, Straw Paper, Straw and Tar
Board, Binder’s Stock, Printing Inks, etc.
Nos. 22 24 Desplaines St., Chicago.
“WIDEAWAKE!^
iocts LIFE SIZE, —exquisite, t'ac similes of original Oil
Paintings, GIVEN A WAV to every subsnbor to
HENRY WARD BEECHER’S
Great LITERARY. RELIGIOUS WEEKLY NEWS
PAPER Agents having great success! One took
1,000 names in 3 months; another 600 mb weeks; an
other 118 in one week; one 4 in one day. and many
others equally well, making from $o and $lO to $4O
per day- Takes at sight An old agent who know,
save I think it the hest business tor cmrassers ever
Offered. Sorry I did not engage sooner.” Pays better
than any book agency. A rare chance tv mane money.
I.OCAL. AGENTS WANTED!
Intelligent men and women wanted everywhere. If
von wish good territory, send earl’/ for circular and
terra s' J 13 FORD A CO.. 27 Park Place. N. V.; 11
Bromiield St., Boston; 285 AY. Madison St., Chicago.
Chicago and the Great Con
flagration.
A concise history of the PAST of this most wonderful
of cities, and a detailed, circumstantial and vivid ac
count ot its destruction by lire; with scenes, incidents,
Ac. Bv Messrs. Colbert Cli anibcrlln, City
Editors of CbieaKO Tribune. Fully illustrated
from Photographs taken on the spot. Agents tcauled.
Address ,L S. Goodman.t Cos.. 62 Union Park Place,
Chicago, or C E. Vent, 38 W. 4th St., Cincinnati.
A MAN OF A THOUSAND"
A Consumptive Cured.
When death was hourly expected from Consumption,
all remedies having failed accident led to a discovery
whereby Dr H. James cured his only child. He now
gives this recipe free on rmrnipf of two stamps to pay
expenses. Address CRADDOCK A CO.. 1032 Race
St., Philadelphia, Pa., giving name of paper.
V gents wanted for the sale of Eichler’s Liquor Re
ceipts; invaluable to every liquor dealer, bottler,
Ac. Retail price $2.00. Large commissions paid to
agents. Address W. Überoth, 400 N. 3d, Philadelphia.
Kemlo’s Modebn Watch Repaihek’s Gutde
with engravings. Copies sent free by P. O. on
ccipt of $1.25. A. Williams A Cos., Publishers, Boston.
"(STOP!! EVERYBODY READ THIS!!
Send 50 cents and stamu for sample and circular of
our neic patent fruit and potato peeler and Blicer.which
sells quickly to every family. $5.00 per day guaranteed
active live men. Best of city references given for our
responsibility. SCOTT A THURSTON, 131 West 4th
St., Cincinnati, Ohio.
J. Wc '-SI, Proprietor. K. 11. McDonaloACo., Druggists antf
“en. Ag'te, Pan I'rauclaco, Cub,ami 3J A3, Conmu-rco b,., N. If.
PiII. I.IONS Hear Testimony to ilielP
Wonderful Curative Effects.
They cro not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Pool?
•I'an. Whiskey, Proof Spirits and Itefiin#
Liquors doctored, spiced and sweetened to please tb#
taste.callod Tcr.ica,” "Appetizers,” ‘liestoren,"li!X
that lead the tippler on to drunkenness and ruin,but are
a true Medicine.made from the Native Roots nndHerbs
■>f California, free from all Alcoholic Stinm*
hulls. They are the CHEAT BLOOD PUItl-
FIEK and v LIFE (JIVING PRINCIPLE,
a perfect Renovator and Invigorator of the System,
carrying off all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell.
resided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poisoner other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They are a Gentle Purgative as well as a
Tunic, possessing, also, tho peculiar merit of acting
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FDR FEMALE COM PLA I NTS, inyonngor
old, married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
(he turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory ami Chronic Rheninn
limn nod Gout. Dyspepsia or IndigeHlion,
Bilious. Remittent and Intermittent Fe
vers, IHseasrs of the Blood, Liver, Kid
ney* ami Bladder, these Hiltcrtt have been most
successful. Such Disea.es are caused by Villnfed
Blood, which isgenerally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs.
DVS PEPSI A (HI INDIGESTION, Head
ache, Pain in (he .Shoulders, Coughs. Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations of the Stomach.
Had Taste in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation o(
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are Iho oflsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
i Hi car y in cleansing tho blood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and vigor to tho whole system.
LOR SKIN DI SEA SES, Eruptions, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles, Ring-Worms. Scald Head. Sore Kyea, Erysipe
las, Itch. Scurfs. Discolorations of the Skin. Humofsand
Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of the system in a short
time by tho use ot these Bitters. One bottle in such
eases will convince the most incredulous of their cura
tire effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever yon find its im
purities bursting: through tho skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Borcs cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins: cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep the blood
pure, and the health of the svstem will follow.
Fin. Tape, and oilier Worms, lurking-in the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says n distinguished pbvsiolofftetj
there is scarcely an individual upon the face oftb#
earth whoso body is exempt from the presence nf
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of tb*
l>ody that worm-exist, hut upon the diseased humor*
and Mifoy deposits that breed those living monsters of
disease. No 3yst- m of Medicine, no vermifuges, d#
anthelmintics will free the system from worms lik*
these Bitters.
J. WALKER. Proprietor. R. 11. MCDONALD (XX,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, San Francisco. California*
and 32 and 34 Commerce Street, New York.
W_?OLI> BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DBAUMMI
T ABU!iH'eO ’’i
I The only Reliable Gift Distribution in ibe
Cnnti-y!
$60,000.00
m csxfts i
TO BE DISTRIBUTED IN
L. D. SINE’S
IS2d REGULAR monthly
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
j To be Drawn Monday, Nov. 27ih. 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
95,000 .Each in Greenbacks.
Two Prizes $lOOO 5 ¥rr
Whole Number t fash Oifls 1,000.
1 Horse iwid Buggy, with Silver-mounted Harness,
worth $600! One Fine-toned Rosewood Piano, worth
#5(10! Ten Family Sowing Machines, worth ST 100 each!
Five Heavy Cased Gold Hunting Watches and Heavy
Gold Chains, worth $3OO each! Five Gold American
Hunting Watches, worth !j-125 each! Ton Ladies’ Gold
Hunting Watches, worth $lOO each! 800 Gold and Sil
ver Lever Hunting Watches (in all) worth from JB2O to
$3OO each! Ladies’ Gold Leonllne Chains,Gents f Gold
Vest Chains. Silver plated Castors, Solid Silver and
Double-plated Table aud Teaspoons, Ivory-Handled
Dinner Knives, Silver-plated Dinner Forks, Silver
Vest Chains, Photograph Albums, Ladies’ Gold
Breastpins and Ear-rings, Gents’ Gold Breastpins.
Shirt Studs and Sleeve Buttons, Finger-rings, Gold
Pons, (silver extension,) etc.
Whole number of Gifts, 0,000. Tickets limited to
60,000.
AGENTS WANTED TO SGI,I, TICK GTS,
i> whom Ulirrni Premiums will be mud.
Single Tickets SI: Six Tickets So! Twelve
Tickers SlOs Twenty-live Tickets Si!o.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a descrip
tion of the manner of drawing, and other information
iu reference to the Distribution, will be sent to any
one ordering them. All letters must be addressed to
OFFICE. 1,. D. SINK, Hox 80,
101 U Dili Sr. Cuicinnati. D
HERRING’S SAFES
IN THE
GREAT FIRE
MESSRS. HERRING CO.
Gentlemen: In the ever memorable fire ot the Bth
and Oth instants, which destroyed some TWENTY
THOUSAND BUILDINGS, including the entire
wholesale business portion of Chicago, we had our
valuables, books, papers, Ac., inclosed in HERRING’S
SAFER, which, owing to tin- intensity of the heat, md
the want of water, were imbedded in the ruins for
days before they could bo got at, and notwithstanding
the unparalleled trial, they have proved equal to our
expectations, preserving our property when e >ery
(hing else was swept away.
Day, Allen A Cos., Van Schaack, Stevenson A
Tappan, McKillop A Cos., Reed,
(2 safes.) Haskins, Martin A Wheeler
Union Ins. A Trust Cos. W. H. Hoyt A Son,
Savings Bank. (3 safes.) Loomis A Pollett,
Woage.Klrtlaml A Ordway, Charles Cleaver.
Jehu V. Parnell A Cos., .Tenney, McClellan A Ten
-11. H. Hasted, nay.
Armour, Dole A 00., A. E Neeley A Cos.,
P.rinkworth A Leopold, Stanton A Cos..
Field. Benedict A Cos., George Armour,
A. M. Wright A Cos., L. A. Willard,
Giles Bro. A Cos., Singer A Talcott,
Warner A Felix, Jas. S. Kirk A Son,
Heath A Milligan.
A large assortment of Herring’s Patent CHAM
PION SAI'ES, Bank c fifes, Dwelling House Bates,
Vault Doors, Express Chests, fce., constantly on hand
at our factory and warerooms.
For. llih SI. Indiana Av., Chicago.
EVERY 'FARMER
Is invited to send bis address and receive Free
and Poslagc Paid, a copy of the
American Farm Journal,
The most Practical, the Best and Cheapest Illustrated
Agricultural paper in the United States. Only 75
cents per year. Scud for a specimen copy. Address
MILLER, LOCKE fc CO., Toledo. Ohio.
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman’s Patent Appliance
and Compound. Office 697 Broadway, N. Y ISend 10c
for book with photographic likenesses of cases before
and after cure, with Henry Ward Beecher’s case, let
ters and portrait. Beware of traveling imposters.who
pretend to have been assistants of Dr. Gherman.
I DR. WHITTIER,
1 017 St. Charles St.
B T ONCER LOCATED in St. Louis than any Ohron-
B IJ lo physician, so successfully treats Simple and
B Complicated Venereal Disoascsnstohringpatients
fl from every St at His hospital opportunities, a life-
B time experience with purest drugs prepared In the
3 establishment, cures uses given up by others, no
fl matter who failed; tell yoor private trouble. Con
g saltation free. Send two stamps formcdical essays.
B M AXHOOD, Wo.irc.iiooD, Ben! by mail, 15 cents
B each, both for 25 cis.,l"t' pages. AH that the carious,
H doubtful or Inquisitive wish to know about them
selves, marriage, Ac. Every young man and woman
E ought to read it as a warning. The nervous, dobllL H
K tatedorj'arriallyinipo*< 'ir *residentllicallyadvised u
B—— niTi-n m ——3
WILL. M. CARLETON,
AUTHOR OF
“Betsey and I arc Out,”
EDITS Arftt WRITES FOR
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
The Best Family Newspaper in the Country, §2 a
year. Send for specimen copy and club circular.
Address, TCII3 TICUtITNE, Detroit, Mick.
slf ti fl Ih ,'tMUNN A GO., Publishers .Scie/i(i6 i
Zjk 11 3 i IJmericon, 37 Park Row,N.Y.,obtai)
I ff.l B” IB It* l Pateuts everywhere. Twenty-five
fearsexperience. Everything conti
clentiai. Send tor Patent Laws and Guide to Inventors.
(£is>lk i I for first-class Pianos. Sent on trial. No
agents. U.S.PIANO C0.,865 B’dway.N Y.
M. N. U., November 11,1871. No. 43,