CHEAP 0L4.
lAdvertitementi under .Hit lead 'pal Atrft4
TSA' CENTS per lint for tack i nttrttm. J
PO'ft SAXE.
TTiOR- J.AM5 STOREHOUSES, WH'tt
If dfelliiu$Nos, nJ 38 .J3
MwWNo.IB Broad rtrbet, next toKlciard
Condon. -Ald, a Wewi' ol,,5??rS'"
acres, McCampbeir Addition oa Eranklla pike.
Alto in extra lot, lWJoCt Oirpadjstreet. ..Also S
"TTIOKSAtE CBCEAP-A1 KAKKRYV-WITH:
JL all the necessary appurce nances, at a South
Ch'errv street For particulars, apply to' W. J.
BeTgNationalTIotei, XT North -Summer street.
oct3 tT
COX'S VINEYARD AND FRUIT FARM,
Pnlaska, Tenn. Grapq Vines and Fruit
Trees for sale. Grape Vines a fneclaltr. Xarce
stock fine quality. Wholesales or retail cheap,.
ocna lor pneo list. tjUJLnK.UU.2i UAL'.
teiOi dlw&w2m
POUND.
TCTOCXD-A GOLD KING .MARKED VIf
JC, nas," and left for'the owner t this' offieev !lt
TOTJXI At the fair Gronnd on tho 8th
JD Inkt-. a'Pocket-lKX, contalnlnsomo money
toe owner can recover by identiiving. proper!
1 -,...1..- r.ll W'CmZjlAa '.9
Leslie, Edgefield.
octll 2t
WANTS.
WASTED BY A YOUNG JI AN WITH EX
vcricncc. actuation In a dry goods or gro
cery store.-s Best .reference givea?- Address
MAURY, at (his office. octl2 2t
WAXTED To tell 10 lots, for .51 ,00. 100
lots at same rates. Call at No. 71tf North
Cherry street.
WASTES TO HUtE;!A-SWlsS'OnGKB-roan
Laborer nt the Protestant Orphan
Asylum, 2J miles on the-Eranklra Pike, toclfl 3t
UNION AND AMERICAN.
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
SBXATE.
Wedxesd vy, Oct. 11. The Senate ,met
at 10 A. m., Speaker Vaughn in the chair.
RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Porter That a joint committee
be appointed to consider and report to this
General Assembly for its consideration and
action a bill relative to the. government of
fire and life insurance, companies doing or
proposing to do business within the limits
of tins State, and to whom all matters relat
ing to tliis subject shall be referred. Lies
over.-.
By Mr. Porter That the Doorkeeper of
tho'Senate be instructed to prepare a roster
of this body, setting forth the age, place of
nativity, vne'her married or single, occu
pation, district represunted, counties con-
Btituling same, place of residence in the
city of Nashville, postoffice, etc, and have
one hundred copies thereof printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. Porter moved a suspension of the
rule to consider the resolution at once.
Carried.
Mr. Gibson moved to amend it by adding
the words "the number of members who
chew tobacco and drink whisky." Lost
ayes 9, noes 11.
'Mr. Staley moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the word "age," suggesting
that there might be some widowers in the
Senate.
Mr. Wan-on moved an amendment to the
amendment to strike out also the words
"marriod or single." t
Both motions were lost, and tlie resolu
tiorrwas defeated on a vote ayes 7 noes 13.
!Mr. Sevier offered a resolution to lend
stand of arms to the University of
tlie South in Franklin county. Lies over.
.By Mr. McConncll: Requesting the Com
mittee, on Charitable Institutions to enquire
and report as to the probable cost of pur
cliasing a site and building an Asylum fur
the Blind. Adopted under a suspension of
the rules.
By. Speaker Vaughn: That our Senators
in'' Congress be instructed, and our Repre
sentatives requested to procure such Con
gressional enactments as will place the wid
ows of pensioners who were married after
the war npon the same footing as those who
were married before the war, and sUch leg
islation at will prevent any" discrimination
against pensioners on account of their sym
nathy in tlie late war between the States.
Lies over.
SEW HILLS.
Tlie following bills were introduced and
liaised a first reading
By Mr. Coulter: To repeal section 3,103
of the Code, and to regulate appeal cases.
By Mr. Windle: To repeal section 2 of
"an act to amend the road laws of the
State," passed i4th February, 1870.
By Sjieaker Vaughn: To modify and
construe an act passed March 19, 1S60.
By Speaker Vaughn: To abolish the
office of Tax Collector, and to provide for
collecting the taxes by county Sherifls and
their deputies.
JIEHUCTION' OF TAXES.
Senate resolution favoring a reduction of
taxes was taken up.
Mr. Gibson (Republican) said the one
great financial problem to be solved by this
Assembly was whether they should levy
sufficient taxes to pay interest arising on
the State debt. For his part, he was in
favor of postponing that payment for tlie
present, and merely collecting sufficient to
meet current expenses. He was no rcpudi
ator. but tlie postponing of the payment of
tills interest Avould injure no one, and was
nothing more than the holders of the bonds
bad to expect. These, bonds were issued by
authority of the lirst Legislature
assembled after the war. The Republicans
were then in power, but there was also, at
the time, anotlier party in the State numeri
cally gi eater. The Democratic party,
through its papers and speakers throughout
Tennessee, const antly,rejeatedly and openly
declared tliat they would cousider the ques
tion of repudiating these bonds when they
came into power. Tlie purchasers knew
this, and that a time would come when the
r- 'Democratic party would get into power,
lie had always" opposed the issuance of
these lionds, and in this respect stood aloof
from his iiarty. 2ow, it was a well known
fact that the purcliasers of titese bonds dis
counted them by looking forward to their
repudiation at a future day, and thus ob
tained them at from f0 to 00 cents on tlie
dollar. Those bondholders, then, liad no
just ground of complaint if, iu view of the
financial embarrassment of the State, the
shortness of the crop, and the heavy taxa
tion on the people, decided on reducing the
taxes and deferring tlie payment of the
interest on these bonds. It was a part, of
her financial policy to collect sufficient taxes
to pay the current expenses of the govern
ment" and no more, till the State should be
in a more prosperous condition.
Mr. Sevier said that most of those old
railway bonds sold for S'O cents in the dollar.
He, like the Senator from Campbell, (Mr.
Gibson) was opposed to tlie latter issues,
but he did not approve of repudiating the
liabilities of the State. lie would co as
far as anyone in reducing the burden of
taxation, consistent with an honest and
sound fmaneial wlicv.
Mr. McCo'inell (Republican) would ask
the Senator lrom Campbell it lie recognized
Y"" the validity f those bonds; or if he thought
the State would lc any better prepared next
vcar to nav the accumulated interest than
they were to liav the accrued interest this
rear. He (Mr. McConnelh was onnosed to
repudiation in any shape. lie believed the
pe-iple of Tennece were willing aud able
to meet their lumuties, and n lie thought
he represented a constituency that was op
posed to the payment of honest debts, he
would resign and go homo Jo-morrow.
Now, wliat would be tlie cfl'i-ct of this res
olution before tlie Ilcaise;' Why it would
be practically declaring to the Finance
Committee that they were in favor of re
pudiation. He would therefore oppose it.
Mr. Hughes said he was satisfied that
oue-half of the trtx-payers of the district he
represented would be unable to pay the
taxes tliH year unless uiey were reduced,
Be did not look upon such reduction or de
ferring the payment of interest to
bondholders as leading to repudiation.
These men were men or means and they
looked more to a permanent investment
than to prompt pavments of interest. He
would therefore support the "resolution.
Mr. Merritt thought a gentleman could
verv safely ote for the resolution before tl e
-House without, committing himself to anj
thinc ltMinplv dcL-ireT"tliav the taxes
should bo materially reduced if- practicable.
He supposed tMerybodv' was in 'favor of
thaf.
r Mr.' 'Ridley said lie would Vote lbr'thls
resolution that the people cf this State
might see tliat there was a disjKisit joiwin
tlie part of this Assembly to reduce the'b'ur
doii of taxa ion that was weighhig' them
town.
mir 'Warren caid Iia nnnrflfifindivl t tint trm-
Jill, 1 I i iVV"'V
t t
reportuOf tho Treaurer.,woBM show that
two-thirds of the-feitte f"feBank often-
BesseeuM DeemibsoMd: IT VS. there
to repudiation, and hcfonly desired to give
the OVCr-t-iTpd iwnnlA srono roHef tn stav
couiunotsee mat there coma uo anyimns
wrong ittrJW&Ing: tKkties&M idn.'DHelwas
aware that financial, speculators woiua
oppose t. ''-That 'wT- to -ba -erpecloif.
Oa the. otlier hand, there could, be no
uonoj.iiat,uiere was taiK oi repuuiauoniin.
tlie streets, but it did not come Mm- the
in'favdr of mymgriln9ebfedness of
uie aiaie, oaiwi busj jiuuna ujsvuou
the resolution was adopted.
Ayes-Messrs. Bugg,, Clarke.. .Conlterif
DuBoae, Gibson,-. nughes(aMcrntt, Pattcci
son, Pope, Porter, Ridley, Sef ier; Tolley,
Warren, Windle, Young and SneakerVaughn
17-
Noes Messrs. Greene, McConnell and
Staley 3.
THE .RATE'S LIABILITIES.
Mr. Sevier offered a resolution that we
recognize, the obligation Of the State faith
fully to discharge her liabilities contracted
by the" Issuance, of her. bonds,, which upon
their faco bear her solemn promise to pay
A motion to suspend the rules In order to
consider the. resolution at once, vas lost.
HOUSE BILLS ON SECOND HEADING.
To amend the Code so as to cive dower
to,. widows, jn .land held, in, remainder.
Passed.
To amend the, -act ifor tho protection of
game in Rutherford and Fayette counties.
To repeal so much or section 1 of an act
passed June. 0,1870-113 relates to. ijtiury
county. "Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON FIRST BEADINO.
To loan arms to West Tennessee Collece.
Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON THIRD HEADING.
To amend sections 3,155 and 3,174 of
the Code, relating to appeal. Recommitted
to Judiciary Committee.
The Senate then took a recess until three
o'clock; when it re-assembled.
TEEASUnEB 8 IiBPORT.
Tho annual report of the State Treasurer
was received from the House'; of 'Represen
tatives. "He" reported that "he did not agree
with the Comptroller as to balance on liand
akairyUirneUsOn June'l, 1810, the 'Comp
troller's books snowed a. balance In the
Treasury of $464,368.52, while his showed
nothing on hand at the' time'. On Oct. 1"
the difference ws $145,601.52. The.follow
ing is the financial statement:
Balance in Treasury June J,
187U.
Received Into Treasury upon
,t;omptrouers receivable warr
rants from June 1, 1870, to
Sept. 30, 1870, Inclusive. 317,529 07
Paid out during same period
on Comptroller s payable
warrants 163,849 89
Balance in Treasury Oct. J,.-, v
187U S '153.079 18
Received into Treasury upon
Comptrollers receivable
warrants from Oct. 1, 1870,
to Sept. 30, 1871, inclusive. 1,000,498 83
Total $1,820,178 00
Paid out of Treasury during
same period upon Comp
troller's payable, warrants. 1,807,251 79
Balance In Treasury Oct. 1,
1871 $12,920 27
Less amounts paid out for
Rust 10,153 49
Actual balance in Treasury
Oct, 1, 1871 $2,772 78
The montlily statement of receipts and
disbursements .from 1st June, 1S70, to 30th
September, 1S71, sixteen months, gives the
total receipts at $1,9S4,027.95. Total dis
bursements $1,971,101.08, leaving a balance
of $12,920.27, from which deducting
amount against Rust, there remains an
actual balance of $2,772.78. Appended
to this is a detailed monthly statement.
Tlie Treasurer continues regretting tht
there is not a heavier balance on hand, yet
in many respects there are evidences of
marked improvement.- There are increased
manifestations of confidence at home and
abroad of the honesty and,good purposes of
our people. He refers to the decision
respecting bank notes of Tennessee in pay
ment, of taxes, and states tliat there remain
to be redeemed, of tlie old issues, $710,000,
aud perhaps $250,000 of the school warrants
made good for taxes in the hands pf any
person. He refers to delinquent tax payers
and stateslhat the poorer class, as a rule
are those who pay first their proi rata. He
suggests the adoption of somejmeasurcs to
force prompt payment. The valuation
of taxable property of the State
has been increased during the last
fiscal year by about $25,000,000, but
this increase is confied to a portion of
tlie counties. With a full assessment the rate
could be reduced tp three mills or even
less. He does not think that the State will
be in a condition to resume interest pay
ments before January 1874, If then. To
pay interest, retire the Tennessee money,
cancel all outstanding warrants, and defray
current expense from month to month,
would require a tax of $1.25 on the hun
dred. Bondholders do not expect interest
under two years, but it should not be de
layed beyond that time. After selling any
remaining interest in railroads and turnpikes
tliat the State has, tho only way to pay off
the debt is to levy taxes sufficient to get rid
of all Tennessee money receivable for taxes,
to pay all outstanding warrants and defray
current expanses lor Ibi0-1; then taxes
sufficient to 'run tlie State government and
pay the interest ot the entire bonded debt.
We must either pay or repudiate. There-
fore the rate should be kept at its present 1
standard. 'When the deferred pavments j
for railroads sold are made, and Tennessee
money and warrants redeemed, our State
debt wm then be about $20,000,
000, with which taxes will not
be oppressive. The estimated re
ceipts from taxes for the ensuing year, at
the same rate as for the fiscal year just
closed, is $4,250,000. The estimated dis
bursements amount to $4,5r.JO,5UU, or an ex
cess of expenditures over receipts of $40,-
wo. lhe estimated receipts do not include
receipts irom delinquent tax lists, dm men
there will be a similar amount this year as
there has been in the past. He anticipates
complications and troubles from the new is
sue ol tlie Bank or Tennessee. If a re
duction of the rate of taxation to any ex
tent is determined upon, he recommends
the funding of all outstanding warrants. He
concludes by making an acknowledgement
of invaluable assistance rendered him, as
Treasurer, by the four State Depositories.
1 lie report was received and 5U0 copies
ordered to be printed for the use of the
Senate.
bAilkoad commissioners' itcroRT.
The report of the. Railroad Commission
ers, a synopsis of which" was published in
tins morning's union and American,
was received from the House, and 250 cop
ies were ordered to be printed lor the use
of the Senate.
LIBRARIAN'S REPORT.
Mrs. naskell, tlie State Liber-
lan, submitted her report recom
mending several improvements in tlie
library.- She reports between eighteen and
nineteen thousand volumes catalogued.
She appeals to the Assembly to aid her in
her efforts to preserve the good order of the
library, and prevent members of the Legis
lature from unnecessarily removing books
from it.
Report adopted and 100 copies ordered to
be printed for tho use of the Senate.
Adjourned tui iu a. m. to-morrow.
HOUSE Or KEPBESESTATIVES.
Wednesday, Oct. 11. Tho House was
called to order at 10 o'clock by Speaker
Richardson.
sworn IN.
Mr. Linn, of Fayette, presented his cre
dential and was sworn in by the Speaker.
REPORTS.
Tho reports of the State Treasurer and
State Librarian were presented and read.
A joint resolution wa? adopted, ordering
the printing of 1,000 copies of.tbe former
and 500 copies of the latter for the use of
the House and copies for the use of the
Senate.
BANK OF TEN'AESSEE.
A letter from the Trustee of the Bank of
Tennessee was read, informing the House
he had no definite knowledge of the present
whereabouts of the plates of the bank, but
believed they were in possession of some
Bank Note Company in New York.
3Ir. Leach offered a joint resolution pro
viding for an inquiry as to tlie whereabouts
of said plates.
NEW HILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
By Mr. Clieiter: A joint resolution to
notify the Governor, that the Letrislature was
I ady torecejve Mynaesag9 wjmay have
Adoptedundea suspension of
the rules.
By'MrrLumpkin: A bill to amettdTthe
act provldingifohtbi salfetif the State'alri-J
terestin delinquent railroads. It provides
for the State operating suclii rca&teail they,.
are sold.
By Mr. .OmiberslfroeaMGnroe;
county from the third to the fourth judicial
circuit.
Bv Mr. Guild: A bill to require suits for
injury to person or character to-be brought
in the county where the Injury was done.
Ttv.Mr-.miPAtham:. To repeal an act-for-
tiefprofectioS'of sheriffs' find, constables;!
Bv'ifr. Martin:" AT)iiI to provide for the
sale of lands purchased by the state lor
taxes. J 1 J- uAii
Bv Mr. Martin: A bill to provide for the
collection, of the revenue in the hands of
collectors of the State.
By Mr. Walters: A bill to' furnish copies
of tho,Code to civil officers of.the.State,
By Ir,.reeman: 'A bill t? exeniotj juis
bands from paying "debts contracted by
their wives before jnarrlage
A similar Hill was" Introduced by Mr. Mc
CalL'i 1
By Mr. Tillman: J 'bill tp change the
practice in Chancery Courts--
By Mr. rews: A bill to amend the act
nmendlrnr section 4148 of the Code.?- e.
ByMr. Vaughn:. A bill.toTirovi(!c"for the
transferring of tlie State's Interest In the
property of tlie-Agriculture Bureau at the
old fair grounds'near Nashville tbthe Ten
nessee Agricultural andMechanical Associa
tion. s
By Mr. Encoe: A bill to amend section
4570 of the Code.
Adjourned until 2 o'clock.
Afteraooa Session,
Mr. Samsell introduced a bill to amerid
section 839 of thejCode, in reference to the
holding of-elections Kysherins? '4
SENATE RESOLUTIONS.
Senate resolution in reference to curtail
ing the expenses for State printing 'was
adopted, after a committee on the part of
the House had been appointed to act in con
cert with the Senate committee.
Senate resolution requiring the joint com
mittee on printing to report by tho 10th
Inst, was adopted.
HOUSE BILLS ON THIRD BEADING.
To repeal an act abolishing the Chancery
Court at Madisonville, Monroe county.
Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON SECOND BEADINO.
To change the lines between the counties
of Campbell and Claiborne. Passed.
To give further time to the securities of
the late Tax Collector of nardin county.
Passed.
To repeal tlie conventional interest law.
Passed.
To cliange the lines between the counties
of Overton and Clay. Passed.
For the protection of the owners of stock
for breeding purposes. Passed.
To establish tlie county of Nashaba.
Passed second reading after an amendment
had been adopted providing that the limits
of Bell county are not interfered with.
To enable the citizens of DeKalb .county
to sell lands belonging to the Agricultural
and Mechanical Society of that place.
Ml for the formation of hew counties.
Passed.
To change the time for holding Cliancery
Court in Clieatliam county. Passed.
To repeal section 2 of an act to increase
the fees of County Registers. Passed.
To protect burial grounds. Passed.
To provide for tlie sale of lands for mort
gage debts. Passed.
HOUSE EESOLUTIONS.
Approving the efforts of the citizens of
Franklin county to suppress law breakers.
Referred to tho Judiciary Committc.
Directing the Judiciary Committee to in
quire what powers are necessary for the
Governor to suppress lawlessness. Adopted.
Appropriating $5,000 to the distressed citi
zens of Chicago. Rejected.
Adjourned to 10 a. m. to-morrow.
THE PARIS FAIR.
One of tho most interesting fairs that we
have attended this season was at Paris,
Tenn. The amount and excellence of the
stock exlubited was highly creditable to the
county, and shows an earnest of better
things in the future. The articles displayed
in Floral Hall the first days are spoken of in
high praise, and we regret tliat it was our
misfortune not to have seen them. They
were removed by flieir owners before our
arrival.
The great event on Saturday was tlie
baby show. Four little cherubs, dressed in
splendid taste, were brought into the ring to
contest for a premium of a tea and coffee urn,
offered by Col. Ed. Moore, of Paris, for the
most beautiful baby, under 12 montlis of
age. Six old bachelors and six ladies were
appointed judges, and Master Samuel Alex
ander, the son of Mrs. Nancy P. Anderson,
bore off the prize with smiling face and
dimpled clieeks. Tlie votes of the judges
were very much scattered, as indeed they
ought to have been, as four finer looking
babies it would be difficult to find in any
latitude. The Colonel is a bachelor himself,
but is anxious to see improvements going on
in this important branch, and gives timely
notice that he intends offeringafine silver cup
valued at twenty dollars, for the prettiest
baby at the next fair.
We would suggest to tho Colonel tlie im
portance of placing men on the list of judges
who know something about babies, or at
least require that the judges shall take them
in their arms, nurse them and show some
evidence of their appreciation of them.
The buggies shown by John Anderson,
of Paris, were models of beauty and well
deserved a premium. We are always grati
fied to find such excellent work done by our
liome meclianics. It points to independence
and prosperity and foresliadows a brilliant
prospect for our State in the futurer
The attendance during the week was not
large, and we are Inclined to believe that
county fairs would do well to reduce the
number of days of holding and crowd the
whole exhibition into two or tliree days.
We should prefer two, which would give
ample time, with the aid of a Floral .Hall, to
show all stock, if the rule is laid down that
the rings shall succeed each other in
rapid succession. Too much time is
usually lost in trotting around the ring.
The Judges' decisions should be given
as rapidly as possible, and new
entries brought in. The stables shotdd be
the place for a critical examination by out
siders. If the time for holding County
Fairs was thus reduced the expenses would
be largely decreased and the associations
put on a much firmer footing.
PERSONAL.
We had the pleasure of meeting ex-Gov.
Isham G. Harris, who still retains all the
elegance of the gentleman with the thought
fulness of the statesman. He. feels deeply
for tlie agricultural advancement of the
country and lets no occasion pass to give
encouragement to the tiller of the soil.
Gen. Atkins who is devoting his atten
tion to his farm, was present and giving at
tention to the interests of the association.
The General had the misfortune last winter
to lose his house and furniture by fire and
Is labering might and main to repair his
losses,
Mr. Holhansen of the Paris Intelligencer
showed us special attentions, as also did
Sam. Russell of the Railroad Hotel. The
latter gentleman, in connection with his
father, keeps one of the best hotels In the
State. They need nothlnc but a sitting
room and lunch room attached to their es
tablishment to make it one of the best In
the State. Our thanks are duo generally
to the citizens of Henry county for sub
stantial aid rendered the Umon and
American.
xasuvim.e presbytery.
Rciorted for the Union and American.
The Presbytery of Nashville met on Fri
day iii"ht at Bethsalem church, one mile
from 'Wartrace. The most of the delegates
met at the Chattanooga depot, at 8 o'clock
A. M. on Friday, and after a pleasant ride
to Wartrace, under the polite guidance of
i;oimucior iiouse, we embarked in wagons
lor me cmircn. 1ms wagon ride was a
pleasant rent after tlie soil seats of the rail
road train. At tne cuurcu we were met by
the good people of Bethsalem church, and
were immediately taken to their houses.
During the afternoon these people, with
large hearts and open houses, made us all at
home.
At half-past seven o'clock a large congrc
cation assembled and listened to the open
ing sermon of Presbytery, by Rev. J. R.
ci? t-i ti rv o rvi,- it iPLirt
Dr. Shcaver was very happy at times, eio-
queni anu nciu me ;uie.iuiuu.ui me uuui
I once.
I After sermoii, Rey. A.. N. Cunningham,
i I). D., was elected Moderator, and Kev. J,
AV. Hoyte temporary Clerk.
1 Rev. J. W. Neil, tlie evangelist, reported
two churches organized at Hartsville,
Trousdale county, and Richland station, on
Louisville andNashville Railroad.
i Satcbday JsIobnig. The minute of
to send in.
last stated meeting, of Presbytery -were read
and'ppr6ved.,
A TLiivr from the mnmnnHnn r.r Uri
Second" TTOsbytenan .Church, Nashville,
itrie-care ofjPresbytery., Dr. Hoyte made a
shorTstatement In.reftrcnceto 'this Church,
Xwheh, .on; motion, fliQ Second Nashville
Oriirdi'wai. enrolled, together with the
name of its Elder; C. W. Smith, Esq.
On motion, tho Second, Church, Nash
ville, obtained leave to employ tho services
of Rev. Dr. Hoyte, until the next stated
meeting of Presbytery.
The Moderator appointed his committees.
The report of the Committee of Presby
terial Missions was read by the chairman,
our Evangelist, Rey. J. W. Nell. This
report'shows a great advance in the ag
gressive Work" of the Cnurch: that our
Churchis?asV16oTdng after 'ther 'destitute
fields; that our Evangelist is received every
where with great kindness, and a growing
desire to hear our preaching.
Rev. H. B. Bond was appointed chair
man of the Presbytery; Committee on Ed
ucation, and corresponding member of the
Committee of Education.
Dr. J..HRice was appointed to preach a
memorial sermon on the death of Rev. Dr.
T. V. Moore Sabbath night.
Rev. Dr. Shearer and JSlders W. Bryce
Thompson, Win. Henry Smith and D. N.
Kennedy w.ere appointed a committee to
prepares minute on the death of Dr.
Moore, and report at tho next meeting of
Presbytery.
Rev. Drs. Wardlaw and Shearer address
the Presbytery, the first presenting the in
terests of the Shelbyville Female Institute,
and the other on the interests of Stewart
College at Clarksvflle, Tenn.
Gallatin was chosen as the place for tho
next meeting, and Friday before the fourth
Sabbath in April, 1872, the time.
ROBERTSON CO
FAIR.
Second Day.
To the Editors of tho Union and American:
Owing to the gloomy appearance of the
morning the attendance was not so large as
on the previous day, but quite good. The
terrible calamity that has so recently deso
lated the great city of Chicago was the prin
cipal topic of conversation.
Tho Odd Fellows of Springfield met
Tuesday night and voted one hundred dollars
to the sufferers.
PBEMIUMS AWARDED.
Old Whisky, special premium by Harris-
son, Pepper Co., and premium awarded
to them.
New WJoisky, G. H. Garrett Co.
Old Apple Brandy, Willie Woodard.
Old Peach Brandy, Brooks Murphy.
New Apple. Brandy, G. B. Randoph.
New Peach Brandy, G. B. Randoph.
Boys Riding Ring, Rufus Holland.
Bull, three years or over, J. E. Bell.
Bull, two years and under three, J
w.
Enbanks.
Bull, one year and under two, T.R.Laher
Bull, under one year, J. W. Eubanks.
Cow.tliree yearsandover.M.H.Stratton.
Cow, two years and under three, J. W.
Eubanks.
Cow, one year and under two, J. W.
Eubanks.
Cow, under one year, J. W. Eubanla.
Milch cow, W. II. Stratton.
Sweepstakes, bull, J. W. Eubanks.
Cow, any age, J. W. Eubanks.
Boar, eight months, or over, W. M. Cole
man.
Boar, under eight montlis, A. N. Piper.
Sow, nine months, orover,M.H. Straton.
Sow under nine months, J. A. Bell.
Sow and pigs, J. A. Bell.
Boar any age, A. N. Roper.
Sow any age,-J. A. Bell.
Long wool buck, Benton Roper.
Long wool ewe, M. n. Stratton.
Middle wool buck, J. N. Eubanks.
Middle wool ewe, M. n. Stratton.
Fine wool buck, T. R. Love.
Fine wool ewe, J. W. Eubanks.
Buck all purposes, G. C. Benton.
Ewe all purposes, M. H. Stratton.
Robinson county stock; cow, J. A.
Bell.
Sheep, L. J. Stringer.
Hog, W. M. Coleman.
Stallion four years old or over, E. P. Falk-
ner.
Three years aud under four, E. Munday.
Two years and under three, C. C. II.
Burton.
One year and under two, R. H. Marah.
Under one year, J. E. Bell.
Mare four years or over, J. W. Eubanks.
Three years aud under four, G. W. Boyd.
Two years and under three, Lee Wood
ard.
One year and imder two, G. T. Warren.
Under one year, M. M. Wall.
Gelding four years, W. n. Tumlcy.
Three years and under four;"W. B. Riley.
Two years and under three, E. L. Benton.
One year and under two, Wm. Stringer.
Colts, male or female, Chas. Holman.
Stallion, any age, E. P. Faulkner.
Misses riding ring, special premium by S.
Kaufman Co., hat worth ten dollars, Miss
Cornelia Garrett tirst premium Misses S.
H. Stringer and Ollie Murrah, each a set of
vases worth five dollars, one by Hart
Tanner, and the otlier by the Association.
JACKSON.
Election of Jlnsrlntrnto and School
Cammlmlonen Another Sunday's
Trnjrcdy Suicide of a Frenchman,
To the Editors of the Union and American.
Jackson, Tenn., Oct. 9, 1871. An elec
tion was held in this city Saturday, for the
purpose of electing a Magistrate to fill a va
cancy, and Coinnon School Commissioners
for the civil district, (the 15th), when the
following ticket was elected:
r or Magistrate 1. JN. Norwood.
For School Commissioners Jno. W.
Campbell, Prof. B. J. Hawthorn, John L.
Brown.
very light vote was polled, and every
thing passed off quietly none of the wliisky
shops were closed, and in the opinion of
some, tho proprietors are eaoh liable to
indictment for violation of the law passed
Dec 1, 1S69, requiring liqnor shops to bq
uusuu on eiecuuu uays. xno gentlemen
who were elected Common School Com
missioners, are in every way qualified for
the position. Prof. B. J. Hawthorn occu
pies the chair of Professor of Mathematics
and Languages in West Tennessee College,
and Jno." W. Campbell and Jno. L. Brown
are two of our oldest and most respected
citizens.
Sunday seems to be a favorite day for the
perpetration of crime in this city. Yester
day evening about 0 o'clock a Frenchman,
named John Felix Ladoux, committed sui
cide at the residence of a Mr. Lyon in this
place. It will be remembered that about
six weeks ago, tlie same person attempted
to take his life on tlie train from Humboldt,
while between the upper and.lower depots
in this city. He was then removed to the
residence of Mr. Lyon, his wounds property
attended to, and had gotten nearly well.
His wife was with him and from her we
learn that he liad resided in New York city
for eight years, following tlie occupation of
a butcher, and was on his way to New Or
leans to engage in the same business wlien
he made tho first attempt at suicide. Since
that time he lad appeared to have fully re
covered and expressed regret that he had
ever tried to kill himself, giving as the cause
ol therasuact, ichusicy. lesterday even
ing as before stated, havinc been drinking
some, but not to intox ieat ion, he made anoth
er effort and succeeded in butchering liimself
in the most approved style or the art, by
stabbing himself with a butcher knife five
inches in length, four times in the left and
once in the right breast, inflicting fatal
wounds. Then not content with tliat, he
slashed the knife entirely across his ab
domen, cutting to the hollow and letting
the entrails out on the floor. In this con
dition he lived until about 8 o'clock, when
he died. No cause is assigned for the rash
act, but.it is supposed wliisky had much to
do with it. Ho leaves no family but his
wife, to whom he seemed devotedly at
tached. A coroner's inquest was lield on
his body last night, and a verdict rendered
in accordance with the above facts.
Jackson.
THE MUSIC AT TIIE FAIR.
To the Editors of the Union and American:
In.your issue of yesterday morning there
appeared an article in regard to music at
our Fair, signed "Another Citizen," reply
ing ta-an article, which appeared in your
Sunday morning's issue.
As regards' "Another Citizen's" car for
music and his opinion concerning the music
made by 'our Band, we have nothing 16 say.
We will "let the people judge' of that for
themselves. But tin relation to the, article
Sunday niorriing, signed ,fA Citizen," I will
say that the same was not written by a
member of ourJBand, nor at the.solicitation
of any, neither was it publislied by author
ity of them, although the sentiments therein
expressed are fully endorsed by every mem-
beret tncuano. ,ueo. if. t ullee, j-j
Pre'sidentRock City (formerly Odd Fellow's)
IITOXAX, COST JUKES 8.
Xaklngr a Jfeago Tiw SroW frem tho.
Seed Hereditary Occupations Ib Xb
dla SHake-Charmcrs Bit lira Co bra
-Shopping la Delh-Sfeawl 8tere'r
Maalclt Ctmnd Indian' Costames.
jDeihi is famous for the skill of her conju
rers and snake-charmers and Barabbas ar
ranged for an exhibition to come, off after
our late dinner. There were yet three
hours of daylight, and we .ranged ourselves
in' a semi-circle on the porch, of the hptel
a small and select .audience .of five persons
with an indefinite number of natives in
the background. The chief "performer, a
thin,, wiry native,, with keen and restless
black eyes, squatted on the stone pavement
in front, flanked on either side by his wife
and. sister. Their entire apparatus con
sisted of a few bowls; pipes, boxes and
wicker baskets, most rude in construction
and. not suggestive' of any marvelous
mechanism. And yet our conjurers went
through with a.most astonishing series of
tricks, some of which baffle even Hermann,
the prestidigitateur. A constant fire of
w-ordswas keptuplnHlndoostan between
the performers, which seemed a sort of by
play connected with the various tricks, and
was translated by Barabbas. Besides the
ordinary performances, such as swallowing
swords, knives and nails, and afterward
drawing a complete "old junk shop" from
his mouth, smashing our watches and burn
ing up our handkerchiefs, which were
afterward returned unhurt to our pocket,
the performer drank a mixture of three
powders red, white and bine In a glass of
water, and immediately afterward produced
the three powders in a, dry state, sepa
rately, from his mouth. The formula
often repeated was "efc-do teen, choulon,"
(one, two, three, look-sharp, sister,) a roll
ing up of the eyes and pretended appeal to
Vishnu, Shiva and Buddha, when a diffi
cult transformation was about to take
place. But the most wonderful thing- wa
making a mango tree grow from the seed,
which he planted in a pot of earth
before our eyes a trick which I think
has never been performed out of India.
These" things and many others, showing
wonderful skill in the conjuring art, were
doue in broad daylight, within a few feet of
us, and In the absence of the usual mechan
ical contrivances of stage exhibitions.
All occupations in the East are heredita
ry even "beggars" and "robbers." In the
last census returns of the north-western
Provinces, 2,000 are set down as "hereditary
buffoons and conjurors," and 1,100 are set
down as "snake charmers" and most curi
ous of all, 6.372 are returned as "poets." I
saw an exhibition of snake-charming in Be
nares, which had almost a tragedy In it.
The performer opened out his stock In front
of the Bungalow, where we were sitting,
consisting of a boa constrictor, tenortwehe
feet long, and as large round as my arm,
two lively cobras, the most deadly of snakes,
and a variety of scorpions. He teased
the cobras until they raised their hbsing
heads two feet from the ground,
and with distended hoods and
quivering tongues, repeatedly struck at the
man's hand. Not drawing it away quick
enough he was bitten by the snake on the
fore finger, and a drop of blood appeared
on the wound. The man took from his
pocket a small black stone, looking like a
bean, and pressed it for a moment on the
wound to which it adhered, and went on
with Ins exhibition. Then taking a small
bit of light colored wood, beheld it towards
the cobras, and they instantly slunk back,
as if terrified and completely cowed;
another piece of wood liad tlie same effect
upon the scorpions. A rupee paid the shake
cliarmer, and secured for me the two bits
of wood and the little stone, which I brought
away as mementoes.
Our hotel was litterally beseiged by a
host of itinerant venders of the specialities
of Delhi. They tried to get across to us by
bribing Barrabas, who made a good thing
out of tlie ten to twenty per cent on all our
purchases, which of course came out of our
pockets. Most of these venders are propri
etors of shops In the Cliandnee Chowd, and
bring quantities of cashmere shawls, Delhi
embroidery, paintings and jewelry for your
inspection, some of which are very tempt
ing. Once admitted to your room, before
you have tune to forbid them, these men
will have opened their bundles, and dis
played before your now longing eyes tlie
most exquisite fabrics of every color of the
rainbow, covered with the finest embroidery
in gold, silver thread and silk, If there
should be any ladies in your party you may
as well surrender at once, only
stipulating for enough to be left in your
purse for tlie expenses to Bombay; for the
beautiful opera cloaks, ravishing Cashmere
shawls, sandalwood ear-rings and miniature
paintings on ivory, gold and silver filagree
ornaments, with which you find yourself
surrounded, would tempt an anchorite orany
other hater of the pomps and vanities of life.
Tho prices asked are of course very dif
ferent from what is gladly taken after
half a hour's bargaining; but it is a very
unsafe method of purcliase, unless one
knows tlie actual value of the goods, for al
though you may get the article at half the
price first demanded, yon are by no means
certain that you have made a good bar
gain. There are one or two shops, however,
where the prices asked are the fair market
value, and to these the traveler in search
of genuine articles should go direct. At
the sliawl store of Manick Chund we were
shown up a narrow and steep flight of
steps to a small room, opening on one side
to the court, and on the other to a narrow
balcony overlooking the street. Chairs
liaving been provided for ns by the pro
prietor and his assistants, he unlocked a
door leading into a largo closet, and brought
out a bundle, "like a peddler's pack, tied up
in wliite cloth. Wnen untied we found this
contained about twenty cashmere shawls,
worth from five hundred to one thousand
rupees each. These were held up for our
inspection, one after another, then pushed
away, and another bundle brought out,
exhibited to us and thrown aside in the
most careless manner. Bundles of ber
nouses and jackets of caslimere cloth and
velvet, most beautifully embroidered in silk
and gold, chogas, or loose dressing gowns
for gentlemen, smoking caps, table Jvers,
etc., until the floor was" two feet deep in a
confused litter of tlie richest dry goods I
ever saw. To my unsophisticated eyes these
ravishing camel's hair sliawls are nothing
near so handsome as the imitations m ide
in England and France. They are neither
smooth nor glossy, and suggested the idea
of liaving been washed, but not ironed.
But my judgment on dry goods bad been
laughed at so many times that I liad lost all
confidence in it, and under the instruction
of the ladies of our party, who were familiar
with Stewart's stock, I soon began to
admire them. They are not made of
"camels' liair' at all, but of wool of the
Caslimere goat; each shawl being com
posed of many pieces, woven by different
families, perhaps, and the labor of months.
Tbeyare sewed very nicely together, the
skill of blending colors being something
marvelous, and can be altered and changed
in bonleas and centers, and washed and
mussed up without damage. Iu the east
the wealthy natives do not wear them over
the shoulders, but male and female alike
tie them around their waist. In India,
dress serves the purpose of denoting rank.
The peasant is clothed In cotton and tlie
prince hi cloth of gold and even religion,
caste and occupation are distinguished by
well known and unchanging marks in cos
tumes. The fixity of fashion is as singu
lar in Ilindoostau. as its infinite change
ablencss in New York and Paris. The
patterns we see in the bazarto-dayare those
which were popular in the days of Shah
JChan. Hindoo workmen, though of the
lowest class, possess such wonderful taste
and culture, tliat their commonest produc
tions are like poems In suk and velvet, which
scems'to prove 'the saying, that the finest
taste is consistent with the deepest slavery
of body and and mind. Dress with the.
Oriental is an art, and a Hindoo will never
wear a robe or a turban, tlie ornamentation
of which is not consistent with his idea of
symmetry and grace.
The Charleston Courier says: "Dr. Ste
phen Smith, the Chief of the Health De
partment of the city of New York, has ad
dressed a letter to Dr. F. Peyrie Porcher,
President of the South Carolina Medical
Association, inviting him to isit New York
to confer with him m the matter of concert
ing measures with a view to meet the pro
bable invasion of the approaching cholera,
and for other hygienic and sanitary pur
poses." Vigorous. A strong-fisted w6man, late
ly arrested in Savannah for street fighting,
thrashed two constables and kicked tlie
judge down stairs.
All women, let them be never so homely,
are pleased to bear themselves celebrated for
theirbeauty.,
Maryville has an Anti-Tobacco Society,
Jto..'S.
Dyer county is to -vote-uporf tho question
of a school tax on the 28th inst.
Mr,. JohnHolt, of nartsyille Jiashad his
skull fractured by the kick-of a mule.
The Enon Baptist-sAssociation convened,
at nartsville last week.
The Jackson lVhig awLTribme will be
Issued daily during the fair week commenc
ing Oct, 31.
A young man, named Mill igan was stab
bed, at Maryville.last week, by Andrew Sex
ton. The County Court of Dyer has appointed
Commissioners.to purchase a site for a poor
house.
Dr.. Rufus Henderson, an old, and respec
table citizen of Dyer county, died a few
days ago.
The Methodists and Cumberland Pres
byterians commenced a meeting- at Dyers
burg Saturday, Oct, 7.
A negro named Sam Taylor, was killed
by York Seward, another negro, near Tren
ton, a few deys 3go.
The McKenzie Agricultural Association
and the McKenzie Male and Female Acad
emy have been incorporated.
A bottle containing a bunch of hair has
been found in the heart of a tree recently
cut down on the Covington Fair Grounds.
Last week Mr. Pitser Miller, of Bolivar,
was thrown from his horse and is supposed
to have received, permanent internal inju
ries. Jo. Ferguson, Frank Wynn and Henry
Wood. all colored have been arrested and
confessed their guilt in the late thlevings at
Dyersburg.
A Democratic negro, named John Daw
son, was shot and killed at Bolivar last week
by a saloon keeper, named Elihu Duncan,
who made his escape.
The daughter of W. M. Alston, of Roane
county, who was hit by a shot, fired at her
father, has had her leg amputated in con
sequence of the wound.
The citizens of McKenzie lately held a
meeting to take action in regard to the re
moval of Bethel College from McLcmores
ville to Trenton, and a committee appoint
ed to present a memorial to tlie West Ten
nessee Synod.
F.W. Thomas and S. L. Glover have
commenced the publication of a new paper
the Weekly Progress-nt Dyersburg. Its
contents are gracefully written and hand
somely presented. We wish the Progress
a brilliant career of usefulness to the coun
try and prosperity to its editors.
GEORGE ELIOT'S" SEW NOVF.L.
So few novels are written now-a-days
which can be called really strong that it is
refreshing to know that a writer of "George
Eliot's" force has finished a new story, that
it is in press, and will immediately be pub
lished. At a time when the paucity of suc
cessful adventure In this department of lite
rature is becoming remarkable, it is matter
for congratulation tliat the author of Adam
Bede shoiUd again c ome forward to amuse
the public, and perhaps to inspire capacity
that is now unheard of. The new tale, like
the best "George Eliot" has written, is one
of modern count ry life.
Death is the cure of all diseases. There
is nocatholiconor universal remedy I know,
but this, which, though nauseous to queasy
stomachs, yet to prepared appetites is nectar
and a pleasant portion of immortality. Sir
Thomas Browne.
REAL ESTATE.
jFQ3EL S ATiIE5.
Valuable Country Residence,
ONE MILE EAST OP SPRING HILL,
Tenn., with good Springs, Apple and Peach
Orchards, Garden, with such fruits as cherries,
quinces, plums, raspberries, etc. Bunnins water.
82,000 or 83,000 worth of rock fence. New frame
dwelling with seren rooms, porch, gallery and
halls. Well and cistern. Stables and crib, carriage
and ice houses; barn and good dwellings for ten
ants some framed. Tillable lands, with 73 acres
good wood land in all Z78 acres. The purchaser
by calling at the premises can examine the place
and ascertain terms.
Oct. 7, Tl. JESSIE A. PETERS,
octll 3m.
GIFT CONCERT.
$1,000,000$
BY THE AUTHORITY OF TIIE ACT OF
th Legislature of Kentucky, of March 13,
1ST1, the Trustees of the Public Library of Ken
tucky will give
A GRAM) GIFT CONCERT
AT L.OUISYIIXE, KY.,
On Tuesday, Oct. 31, 1871.
100.000 Tickets of Admission, S10 each currency;
Half Tickets, S3; Quarter Tickets, 820.
Tickets will be sent by registered letter; tlie
money for them may be sent by P. O. money or
der, greenbacks or draft.
Each Ticket consists of four quarters; valnc
82JS0 each. The holder Is entitled to admission
to the Concert, and to the value of the gift
awarded to it or its fraction.
8330,000 In Greenbacks will be distrib
uted to holders of tickets, In girts of from 8100,
000, the highest, to 3100 the lowest, being "21
gifts in all.
The Concert Is for the benefit of the
Public Library of Kentucky.
The Citizens' Bank of Kentucky Is Treasurer,
and the Corporators and Supenrisors are the
Hon. Thomas E. Itramlette, late Governor of
Kentucky, and twenty-seren of the most distin
guished and respectable citizens of the State.
The undersigned, late principal business- man
ager of the Terysuccesstul Gift Concert for the
benefit of the Mercantile Library of San Fran
cisco, has been appointed Agent and Manager of
this Grand Gift Concert.
The drawing and distribution will take place
in public, andeverything will be done to satisfy
buvers or tickets that their Interest will be as
well protected as if they were personally present
to superintend the entire affair.
For tickets and information, apply to
C. R. PETERS, 120 Main st, Louisville, Ky.,
No. 8 Astor House, New York.
H. H. Ilemstod, No. 410 Broadway, Milwaukee,
Wis.
M. A. French, Virginia City, Nevada.
M. A. Wolff, 316 Chestnut street, St. Louis.
Tickets also for sale in every prominent place
In the United S tates. eep21 eodtilloctl"
EDUCAJJOJJAL.
THE MISSES LANE
ILL OPEN A BOARDING SCHOOL FOR
f young ladies in iow lorK wj on eones-
dav, Sept. 20, 181.
For reference and circulars apply to
J. B. O'BRYAN, Esq.,
jj!53m NashTUln Tnn.
LEGAL.
No.-C.3CL
Jn Chancery at Ji'asliville.
STATE OF TENNESSEE, OFFICE CLERK
and Master Chancery Court at Nashville,
September the 14th, 1871. J. H. Mauldin, Com
plainant, vs. V. B. Orr and others, Defendants.
It appearing from affidavit filed In this cause,
that tho defendants, V. B. Orr, Daniel B. Orr,
Robert W. Orr, Cave Kennedy, Robert Kennedy,
Eliza Ellen Kennedy.Fellx O. Wilkinson. Henry
B. Wilkinson, Brvan Wilkinson, Susan It. Wil
kinson, Mary F. Wilkinson, Sarah W. Wilkinson
are all non-residents of the State or Tennessee,
and that the names and residences of the heirs of
Thomas R. Orr, deceased, are unknown:
It is therefore ordered tliat said defendants en
ter their appearance herein on or before the third
Monday or the next term of said Court, to bo
held on the first Monday in October next, (1S71,)
and plead, answer or demur to complainant's bill
or the same will be taken for confessed as to them
and set for hf-aring ex parte, and that a copy of
this order be published for four consecutive
weeks in the Nashville Union and American.
A copy Attest:
NATHANIEL BAXTER. Jr.,
Clerk and Master.
Bate Williams, Sol's for Complainants.
seplS lawlt
No. G4X0.
Ill Chancery at Jt'ashvUlc.
STATE OF TENNESSEE, OFFICE CLERK
and Master Cliancery Court, Nashville, Sep
tember the Hth, 1871. Diana Carter, Complain
ant, vs. J.M.Montgomery and others, Defend
ants. It appearing from affidavit filed in this cause
that the defendants, James M. Garrett and
Henry Bruner are non-residents of the State of
Tennessee, and that the names and residences of
the heirs of Miron A. Garrett, deceased, are un
known: It Is therefore ordered that said defendants en
ter their appearance kerein on or before tlie third
Monday of the next term of said Court, to be
held on tho first Monday In October next, (1871,)
and plead, answer or demur to complainant's
bill, or the samo will be taken for confessed as to
them and set for hearing ex parte, and that a
copy of this order bo published for four con-ecu-tlve
weeks In the Nashville Union and Ameiican.
A conr-AttofcTilAS1BL rtAXTER, Jr.,
Clerk and Matter.
E. R. McClaxAiiax, Sol. for Complainant.
seplG lawlt
Jn Bankruptcy.
MIDDLE DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE
The undersigned hereby gives notice of his
appointment as Assignee of the estate of B. F.
Blnkley, who lias "been declared a bankrupt on
his own petition by the United States District
Court for Middle District of Tennessee.
JOHN KUHM, Assignee,
eei oaw3t Six Cedar stroe.
.SPECIAL NOTICES a
LEA PERRIns7 SAUCE,
ritoaouxcro bt cojtxohseces
"TIIE OXIYV GOon 8aiit
it Improves th.6 appetite and- digestion, and It
la nnrivaieu lor its caver.
JVe are directed by Messrs Lea Jt Perrins to
prosecute all parties making' or vending counter
feits. JOHN-DUNCAN'S SONS.
auglS eodSm splttip Xgents, New York.
ON MARRIAGE.
Efmays for Young Men on great SOCIAL
EVILS and ABUSES, which interfere with
MARRIAGE and rnin the happinem of thous
andswith sure means or rener' roc the Erring
anil unfortunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Sent
in sealed letter envelopes, free of charge. Ad
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. sep5 iLw3m sp
"IT SAVED MY LIFE.'
Words of a Reliable Druggist.
WHAT IS THE VALUE OF MONEY WHEN
COMPARED TO HEALTH.
ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM
la warranted to break np the most troublesome
Cough In an incredibly short time. There Is no
remedy that can show more evidence of real
merit than this BALSAM for curing Consump
tion, CoughJ, Colds, Asthma, Croup, etc
IT ACTS ON THE KIDNEYS,
IT ACTS ON THE LIVER,
C7" Which makes it more than a Cough Remedy.
ty Read tho following from a reliable Drug
gist of Michigan:
Mahihe Crrr, Micrt., July 27, 1870 J. N.
Harris Co Dear Sirs The Allen's Lung Bal
sam has arrived. I would not like to be without
It, for It has saved my life. I took a bad cold and,
cough, and finally Consumption was seated upon
me. I was In a very bad state. I tried every
thing that was recommended, and spent a great
deal of money, and got no help. I had thl Al
len's Lung Balsam for sale, but I knew nothing
of its merits. I did not like to take it, without
knowing more about it. I had not sold a bottle.
When your agent called on me I told him I could
not sell a medicine I knew nothing about. He
urged me to try It myself. I did so, and to my
grateful surprise the first bottle stopped my
cough, and before the third bottle was taken my
lungs were healed and well, and I can now speak
knowlncly to my friends and customers of tht
qualities of Allen's Lung Balsam. I remain re-
specuuny, u. C. COTTKEL.
It Is harmless to the most delicate child,
contains no Opium In any form.
It Is sold by Medicine Dealers generally.
For sale bv
BERRY, DEMOVILLE CO., Nashville.
EWIN, PENDLETON CO., Nashville.
LITTER ER CABLER, Nashville.
oc7 dUUmh23,;2&wlamsp
CONSUMPTION.
ITS CURE AND ITS PREVENTIVE.
EyJ. K. SCHEXC3, It. V.
Many a human belnjc has pawd away ler whose
death there whs no other reason than the neglect of
known and Indisputably proven means of cure.
Those near and denr to family and lriends are
sleeping the dreamless slumber Into which, had
they calmly adopted
n. joskimi ii. scim.vcn's nrytrvE
TKKATJIKXT.
and availed themselvps of his wonderfully effica
cious medicines, they would not have fallen.
Dr. Hchenclc has In hla own cnae proved that
wherever sulllclent vitality remains, that vitality,
by his medicines and bis directions for their use. Is
quickened Into healthful vigor.
In this statement there Is nothing presumptuous.
To the faith of the Invalid ii made no representation
that ii not a thousand time substantiated by living
and vl'lble works. Tlia theory of the cura by Dr.
Schenck's medicine Is as slmide as It Is unfiillinjc
Its philosophy requires no argument. It is self-as-
stirln&self-convlncin?. I
The Sea-weed Tonic and Mandrake Pills arn
first two weapons with which the citaO'J of ths
malady is assailed. Two-thirds of the caea of con
sumption originate In dyspepsia and a functionally
disordered liver. With this condition the bronchial
tube "sympathize" with the stomach. They re
spond to the morbUIcaction of the liver. Hctb then
mmes the culminating result, and the setting in,
wlthallltsdntrpnlnKavmptomsof
coNsi'Mirriori. j
The Mandrake Pills are composed or one of Na
ture's noble-it Klfts the Podophillura Peltatnm.
They pomem all the bloud-Marchinz. alterative
properties of calomel, but. unlike calomel, they
"IEATE SO STISO DEIIIXD."
The work of cure is now beginning. The vitiated
and mucous depoelts In the bowels ami In the ali
mentary canal are ejected. The liver, like a clock. I
Is wound op. It arouses from Its torpidity. Tl
stomach acts responslvely, and the patient begins
to feel that he Is getting, at last.
A SEPPLT OF ;OD 1SI.OOD.
The Sea-weed Tonic, in conjunction with the Pills,
permeates and asaimtlates with the food. Cbylltt
catlon Is now progressing without It previous tor
tures. Digestion becomes painless, and the care Is
seen to be at hand. There Is no moretiatnlence.no
exacerbation of the stomach. A n appetite sets In.
Now comes the greatest Blood Purifier ever yet
given by an Indulgent father to enfferinc man.
fichenck's Pulmonic Syrup comes In to perform Its
functions and to hasten aud complete the cure. It
enters at once upon Its wort. Mature can not be
cheated. It collects and ripens the impaired and
diseased portions .of the lungs. In the form of
gatherings. It prepares them fur expectoration, and
lo In a very short time the malady is vauqubbed.
the rotten throne that it occupied Is renovated ana
made new, and the patient. In all the dignity of re
gained viKor. steps forth to enjoy the manhood cf
womanhood tliat was
IVKX VP AH I.OST.
The second thing Is. the patients must stay In a
warm room until tbeyt;et well; It Li almost impos
sible to prevent taking cold when the Inngs are dis
eased, but it must be prevented or a cure can not be
etlected. Fresh air and rldlrt out, espe ially In this
section of the country. In the fait and winter sea
son, are all wrong. Physk-Tians who recommend
that course lose their patents, if their longs are
badly diseased and yet, because they are in th
house they must not sit down quiet: theyniustwaik
about the room as much and as fast as tb 'reczth
will bear, to get up a good circulation of b. d. The
patients, must keep in good spirits be determined
to get well. This has a great deal to do with the
appetite, and Is the great point to grin.
'1 o despair of cure after snch evidence of Its pos
sibility In the worst ccses. and moral certainty in
all others, ts sinful. Dr. Schenck's personal state
ment to the Faculty of his own cure was In these
modest words:
"Many years ago I was In theJast stages of con
sumption: confined to my bed. slid at one time my
Physicians thoughtthat Iconld not liveaweek; then,
like a drowning man catching at straws, I beard of
a.id obtained the preparations which I now offer to
the public, and they made r perfect cure of me. It
tned to me that I could eel them penetrate my
whole system. They soon ripened the matter Iu my
jmi,,anu i uvum spu up more mana pins 01 ouen
s ve yellow matter every morning for a long time.
"As soon as that began to subside, my cough,
fever, pains, and night-sweats all began to leave me.
and my appetite became so great that t was with
dilHcnlty that I could keep from eating too much.
I soon gained my strength, and have grow n In flesh
ever since.
I was weigh ed shortly an er my recovery." added
the Doctor, then looking like n mere skeleton my
weight was only ninety-seven pounds; ray present
weight Is two hundred and twenty-five (23) pounds,
and for years I have enjoyed uninterrupted health."
Dr. fJchencfc has discontinued his professional
visits to New York and Boston. He or his son. Dr
J. II. Pclienck. Jr.. still continue to see patients at
their Office. No. IS North Sixth Street, Philadelphia,
every Saturday from 9 a.lt. to S Those who
wish a thorough examination with tie Ilesplro
meterwlll be charged. TheResplrometerdecIara
the exact condition of the lungs, and patients can
r ladlly learn whether they are curable or not.
1 he directions for taking the medicines are adapt,
ed to the intelligence even of a child. Follow these
directions, and kind Nature will do the rest, except
ing that In soma, cases tho Mandrake Pills are to be
taken In Increased doses; the three medicines need
no other accompaniments than the ample Instruc
tions that accompany them: First create appetite.
Of returning health, hunger Is the most welcome
symptom. Wheti It comes, as It will come, let the
despairing at once be of good cheer. Good blood at
once follows, tho cough loosens, the night-sweat Is
abated. In a short tlm both of these morbid symp
toms are gone forever.
Dr. Schenck's medicines are constantly kept Ir.
lens of thousands of families. Asa laxative or pur
gative, the Mandrake II lis are a standard prepara
tion; white the Pulmonic 3yrup,as a cureof coughs
and colds, may be regarded as a prophylacterrc
against consumption In any of Its forms.
.Price of the Pulmonic Syrup and Hea-wwd Ton!
IIS) a bottle, or KM a half dozeu. Mandrake Piils
Mceuts a hot. For sale bv all di ogl-ts ami deelers
WM. II. M2ICKIIARDT,
Xashvtlle, Tenn., Wholesale Agent,
marsleodly.
COAL.
CHEAP CO All V
HAVING TAKEN AN INTEREST IN TIIE
spacious Coal Mines of Kentucky, known as
the St. Bernard M ines, on tho Evansville aud
Henderson Railroad, and having cont of the
dlspotltion of said Coal all sonth of Sprtngtlelrt,
Robertson county, Tenn., we are determined to
furnish Nashville, Edgelield, and the nurrouiid
ing country and towns so cheap as t put fires ia
the reach of the poor as well as the rich.
Wc can furnish a superior article and abnnd
ant supplv.
OFFICE Corner Union anil Cherrv streets
jy2C tr JIADISOX .NTK ATTOjr A CO.
REAL ESTATE SALES.
f -Ait-.il jfoii saijK.
FOUR HUNDRED ACRES, lto ACRES IN
cultivation, under good fence; produces
finely good buildings excellent timber, water,
orchard, etc. Healthy location, right on Mobile
fi Ohio Railroad, one mile from Kenton Station,
in Gibson county well adapted to farming and
stock raising. Terms, rea.-on.ible. For further
particulars, apply to or address
sepIS 3m B. F. HARRIS, Kenton, Tenn.
fJHOIOE
RIEMS FOB SAXJE.
WE HAVE FOR SALE ONI IMPROVED
Farm of one hnndredandnincty acres, two
miles west of Spring Hill, in Manry county.
Land very rich.
ALso, a Tract of 200 Acres of very line land, 7
miles noiiui oi r ruua,iiu, m
2 miles from North Station, on the N. D. II. R.
jerma very ea-sy.
ARRINGTON, FARRAR WEAKLY,
It Agents, No. 32 N. College st-
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Wanted, Agents for onr new. Intense
ly iiitercstlutr, elesrnntly- illas.
trateil nml fnst veiling booK,
WKITTEX BY A C0XYICT IS A COX TILTS CELL.
This truly nnkpie-woTk presents ait Inside view
of State Prison Life, and from a staud-pohit
never before occupied. Unmitakab!o indica
cations point to it as the great fast-sciling sul
scrlption book or the year. Ch-cnlars, copious
extracts, and 18 sample engravings sent free; tn
v i .rifti r,-i fnr sn cents, t.
p. VENT. Pnbllshtr. 33 West Fourth street,
Cincinnati, O.
i
MEDICAL.,
CUND
GO
C'AACEK. STfTIWaS. SOtOFI'LA. TJL
CERS-AJVD OTHER CIIK03IU
A l:l,OOI JULMKASEJ,. t
-A&JBE3(Jt .-aSeilb-JBEi
XJ turned from Ecnadorand brought with him
a quantity of the OExrixc CI NDUBANGO
BARK, secured Uinxicji.tbe official recommen- -dotloii
and assistaneVo? HI Excellency titer Pres
ident of Ecuador, and the Government of that
KepubUe,we,arepn:p3reiltotiUorderfor It to
a limited exanivind.a a price, about anepar
ter of that which the cot of the first very small
npplv compelled us to char?.
A. PUKIUCS- article h w -advertised and
soldas CntHlnrango. Wt bavr.-atra conslderabla
f Tene. and with the co-operation or the author
ities or Loja the province where the plant grows,
s directed the thaniMl for our supply as to en
Jr" ,Ii1ne bMt ibp GENUINE ARTICLE
IVf i 'ibr 118 i and w particularly tjall the
firT? or Puulic.ror their protection, to
this fact. BLISS. KEENE CO.,
n sir-W"f W OUar-SU New-York.
timJ K""- hmgton.D. C.'SE.
Buss. M.D., New York; P-.T". Kncrt, M. D.,
Nework. oci eod6t
Cures all diseases caused by
sell-abuse. v!x Sperma
torrhea, SemlnalTVVeakaes?,.
Night Emissions, Loss of
Memory, Universal Lassi
tude. Pains in tho Back,
Dimness of Vision. Jrtma-tm-nOld
A cce, Weak Nerve,
Difficult Breathing, Pale
and all diseases
tBat follow as a seinenco of
youthful indiscretions.
B7 Tills medlcineJias Leea nsed lu our .prac
tice, for manr years, and with thousands- treated.
It has not failed bi a single- instance.
tar Each packaa of Vegetable Care la wrap
ped In ultramarine blue paper, printed In gold
letters, and contains one bottle filled with Sugar
coated Pills, and one vial filled with Medicated
Powders sufficient to mako one-half pint of In
jection, and one Syringe.
l'ricr. 5 per package; sold by Druggists or
sent by mail oa receipt of
The great Indiaa Diuxetlo
cures all disease of the Urinary
Organs, such as Incontinence
of I rise. Inflammation- or the
Kidneys, Stone In tho Bladder,
Stric'ure, Gravel, Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, and is especially recom
mended In Fluor Albus (or
Whites.!
Each pacimgo of Vegeta
ble Remedy is wrapped in dark
enamelled paper and printed in
gold letters, and contains onn
bottia tilled with. Sngar-costteil
P.Us, and ono vial filled with
Medicated Powders sufficient
to make one pint of injection,
and one syringe; enough to cura
any ordinary cae.
Price. $5 per package; sold by all Druggists,
or sent by mall, $S0.
The "Vegetable Care" and -Vegetable Remedy"
are sold by responsible Druggists everywhere.
Knmi rlenler. hnwever. trV to sell cheaD and
I worthless compounds in place of these. In order
i to make more money. Be not deceived. Ask for
these so preparations, ami taxe no omers. ii u
ik-alcrs do not keep them, enclose the mone-riu a
letter and n e will send them by return mali.
Ladies or gentlemen writing for treatment will
state their symptoms in full; they need not hesi
tate on account or their Inability to visit m3as
we have treated patients snccessfnllv in all por
tions of the continent bv correspomlencc.
C7We desire to send our thirty-two page pam
phlet, entitled "Man and Woman as Invalids,"
to every reader-of this paper. Send address, with
stamp to payiretnrn postage, and address as fol
lows:
ST. X.OOS MEniCAI. XSSOCIATIOX',
117 'North Sixth street, St. Louts, Mo.
Sold in Nashville at retail by G. W. KEN"
DERSHOTT,andU Druggist At wholesale
bv BERRY, DEMOVILLE CO., and all
Wholesale Druggists.
JelS deodeow.wlam tlmh31,72 to alt
iiOOKtoyourCliiidreni
The Great Soothing Hcraedy.
MRS. 1 Cmranao4crlptaf la tha PRICE
rrr- --VTT! Uwl. aa 1 facilitate tilt pra- Qfc
Sup.
MRS. I giMviK8Ttual0Baan4aTtT.FRIC
JTiilTCJlCS rowa iu diartart lacfcleu Lo! J3"5
SYRUP. jlataataaaJctuUnn- CE?iTS
-JSIl-";- ,J Carta DtwrHoa. TKnttrTr"''CEr
A iUXCSQ Slani Summer Camslalat la c&iH 35
SYRUP. drafallaM. Cli-NTS
Jllathairrtallalaa!' anl ClIMra'a SaMlInt HtwAj.
lnaaoii4tlerabra-atafe7tectaiaeraar aUar eaaaa.
mparail tj it a Graftas Xtdfcina Cav. St, Lost. Uo.
Soli by Prugxiats aatt Ptalera In Hr-lkina aTeryvtere.
A BOOKJFCmTHi: MILXJOX!
Marriage;
)Urrll sr tluwe lb to
Guide.
rfl-orTii tn prtt acing ta pitTntlag tirpTimt, tUtf to
brtime thccompUikm, c
TfeiiiiaateteRStlagvorkef tw hudr! lad tvoaty
four pa, witb nanroas ograTin- ial codi&Iiu r&ln
iMeiaftrmaUra Pt UtoM wh r married, orcoateaplaM
rcxrriar". 8U1L U U Uk tliat ooht m b kept Mdu
lock mod key. and nut l&U cirrlMtly atom tba hestr9
ftst to aor enMft ft porta) tar Fifty Out.
AdOma Dr. Btttta Dupeasarj, 3X2 SXlbA St
StsLouti.i
Notice to the ASicted Unfortunate
Faffors apptxtsjc to the seteriaaa xrk who adrtrtlM la
-.thba piprn, r aiB any qnvk rndie, pro Dr.
butu' work bo mittar what our dlMaao is or ho a?tot
b: yoar coilHloii.
Ir. Batti ess b watHrJ, rtrMaalry er JT"?nn, ew tl
dfccaies mcnUOBd la hi vorka. Office, Ko. 11 lUftttt
frtrret. brun Markotand Ch-ant. St. Looii. Mo
I IhsturanrnJ avaton. lit tataal
I i 1 1 ti i BTT-rrn fci i iin inr irnw
T AMffSER LOCATED 15 ST LOkOSTHA.V AST Cnfo
ioni ji a, o lacctnifOaJj tr- .m;lfj an.1 twOi-H-ftl
T neiral Dl"a aa to briai patleit rum "rtry
His L TU1 apprtnnltiCT, a life-tii-e i.erkag.
trita rarest droa 'r- pared la IborartaLU-bntbt. esrre
tjy nnp itj vtmiy matter who failed; UU jtwr
private trati. CuiiUUoa free. erl iva ;ampa frr
tadlcrf.ftv. wMma )f AKrrocD, ITpm att X)D, oral
rsiiil,13cf no p-vmLfTSoceat, I'flwrfj, Alltaaa
ln-CBrVK.dvu li.erl-Hu.H4Ti4fl tokn.aniAovot
Olf r,;itrliu. Iati t'i -n. Marriao-s. Etti-t retra taaa
ol wnmaooiiffct m rt-ttta eaialaic TtM arrreatv
ei imu-u or pxtiij mieai are -'".'rV"1 j fin
j AVOID QUACKS.
A VICTIM OF EARLY INDISCRETION,
ransing nervous debility and preraatnre de
cay, having tried, in vain every advertised reme
dy, has discovered a simple means of self-cure,
which he will send free lo his fellow-sufferers.
Address J. II. REEVES, 78 Nassau street. 'ew
York. sepM ecslBm
Our Liver tlio Honsekeepcr of Health
DR. THORTON'S
Liver, JStood Purifier and.
Female Iteguiator.
AS A REMEDY EOlt ALL THE. VARlSY'S
uiaiiilesUtitms oi disease resulting, from
Liver Complaint, ami as a Blood PurlrtV ami
Corrector of Constipation of the Bowels, this
preparation is iHwitivcly uncounted. By it tha
Liver and Stomach are speedily changed to aa.
active, healthy state, the appetite regulated and
restored, the blood and seeretlona thoroughly
pntilled and ettjrh-ltQiL tha whole system renovat
ed and btilttJtnLajuew; its action Is mild yet posi
tive anft?t5fiirjr."Tor females, those subject to
painful periods, suppressions and other Irregula
rities will find tills medicine invaluable. It will
remote the sallow complexion and restore it to
its natnral fairness and parity; It gives the rwy
tint -r health to the failed cheek, and causes tan
dull, drooping eye to sparkle; witU joy. It Is higlt
ly recommeniled for SCROFULA or KING'S
EVIL. Fever awl Ague, Rheumatism, Ncnral
gli. Headache, Dyspepsa,PlmpIes and Blotches,
General Debility, and in all impurity ot taints ot
the blood.
Dr. Thortnn's EngliH Kidney Medicine, or
Cnmi-onid Fluid Evtract "Biiclm" and "Pralna
Brave." A never failing remedy for the enre ol
GRAVEL, Removal of Stone in the Bladder. Iu
cures all ljs,aei of the Kidneys; It strengthens
the weak back and cures all those pains. 'Sio
Engli Ji "Buehu" is the best now offerl for sale.
Trv on-1 lottle and von will be convince?!.
KiiKllsl! All-llealliis: Salve The bet
article e-. tr offered to the public for the cure ot
Cuts, Broiscrf, Scalds, Sore Shins, Old Sores,
Oaneers, Cancer Sores, Bunions, Corns, "Car
bunole." It will draw a boil to a head quicker
than any other application.
H. O. THORTON, M. D., Lnmlon.
Sold by all Druggists.
G. W, HENDEUSIIOTT, corner Cedar anil
S.iiarc, Nashville, Wholesale Agent for thu
United States. jepi2eoBni
MISCELLANEOUS.
May Ihj I nil at nil tlie Iloolsstorei I
tlie City ofSnjIi-vIlle. ami of
theVntlior-
W. F. FOSTER,
tryS tf Uo. 1 Cherry fit reef.
J.jrMQTipW,
Distiller anil Rectifier or Simr 3Insl
Whisky, nt tynehbnrjr, Tenn..
Has on hand and for sale 180 Barrels of the btr
quality of "Whisky, which I will bell cheap foe
cash. augisam
It y
StlRtA
ONE
(three)
DAYS
FOSTER'S
MVfflSOMOl'OTMP