NEWS SUMMARY.
The East.
Boss Tweed was arrested at New York
on Friday, on an indictment for felony, and
imprisoned at the Metropolitan Hotel.
Mrs. Andrew J. Garvey arrived at New
Tork on Thursday, from Switzerland, and is
instructed by her husband to say that on
condition of his not being prosecuted he
will disclose all that he knows concerning
the ring frauds. Mrs. Garvey intimates
that her husband's revelations will implicate
Hall, Sweeney, and Henry Smith Wal-
dron, a wealthy California,!, who attempted
suicide about ten days since, died in hospital
at Hew York on Thursday At the Ameri
can House, Boston, on Friday morning, CoL.
a. x Lawrence, a gentleman aged oz, irom
Elgin, 111., in a temporary fit of insanity,
leaped from the third story window, and
falling upon the iron pickets sustained inju
ries which will probably prove fatal. One
of his leffa was terribW shattered, necessi
tating amputation The execution of John
Ware, for the murder of his father, took
place at Camden, N. J., on Friday. Ware
maintained a stolid demeanor, and exhibi-
ted no agitation. He wrote a long confes
sion, which he gave to his counsel, and in
which he says he killed his father because
he ill-treated his (John's) mother A fire
in Pater bod, N. J., on the night of ihe 14th,
destroyed the Reform church, Buckley's
stationery store, Paget', jewelry store, Hed-
don's snse store, and tour dwelling nouses,
jjobs over iuu,uuu.
Twibd was released on bail of $5,000 by
Judge Barnard in New York on Saturday,
There was great excitement over the course
taken by Barnard in fixing upon such an
insignificant sum for bail, and fears were en
tertained by his friends that he would be
lynched .Auburn, N. Y., papers state that
aon. William n. Be ward is very low irom
paralysis Col. Lawrence, of Elgin, 111.,
who jumped from a window of the American
House, Boston, in a fit of insanity on Friday,
died on Saturdav morn in? The residence
of John Edsoll, at Bidgefield, N. J., was
roDDed on xnursday nignt last of bonds,
money, notes, etc, valued at $100,000
Levi Gassell, from Monticello, Iowa, shot
nimseli in toe cars near Cobourg, Unt., on
rriaay nignt and nas since died Consul
erabie money was round on his person.
Eight men attacked th3 jailor at New
Brunswick, N. J., on Sunday night, gagged
and bound him then attempted to gain the
interior of the jail, but the assistant jailor
nred on mem ana called tne police, tne ruf
fians fleeing. It is suspected they intended
to release a bank robter incarcerated there.
......The Brooklyn Aldermen have voted
$10,000 for the use of the Board of Health
against the small-pox. The disease has
spread to East New York Henry T.Tuck-
erman, the well-known scholar, poet, and
essayist, died in New York on Sunday, aged
58 Four men, while walking on a rail
road track near Milburn, N. J., on Saturday,
were struck by a locomotive, and three of
tnem instantly xuled Two Hundred, feet
of the roof of the iron depot of the Rensse
laer railroad at Saratoga, N. Y., was crushed
by the weight of snow on Monday afternoon.
Nobody hurt A Port Jervis, N. Y.. dis
patch states that there are 20 miles of
freight cars blocked at that place for want
of motive power, owing to the mismanage
ment oi tne .trie railway.
At Liberty, N. J., Wm. Beust was burned
to death while attempting to rescue his
child from a burning house Olive Logan
was married in New York on Tuesday to
wirt eyices, Dy Kev. Kobert uoliyer.
The West.
HiHBY Williams, a colored man, was sen-
tencad at Chicago en Friday, to twenty
years' imprisonment for the killing of a man
named Grayson at Chicago last October.
The Blackhawk Brewery," at Davenport,
Iowa, was burned on the 14th' inst. Loss,
$zo,uoo insurance, 10,000.
A bolleb exploded in Wahl Bros.' glue
factory, Chicago, on Sunday, instantly kill
ing John Bich, the bosa carpenter, and Chas
Becker, the foreman. Joseph Meyers, another
employe, was proDaoiy latally scalded
Carl Maenert, a German, committed suicide
by Bhooting himself in the head with a pis
tol, at Chicago, on Sunday. He left letters
stating that he was tired of life and the long
struggle with misfortune. His wife had been
sick lor some months, and the shock so un
settled her reason that she became a raving
maniac. Three little children are left to
charity The final games in the Cleveland
tineas congress were played on r riday, and
in the evening the distribution of prizes was
made, as follows First prize, $100, G. H.
Mackenzie, New York second prize, $50, H.
Hosmer, Chicago; third prize, $40, F. H.
Elder, Detroit fourth prize, $35, Mux Judd,
Cleveland; fifth prize, $30, P. Ware, Jr.,
Boston sixth prize, $20, H. D. Smith, Michi
gan; seventh prize, $15, H. Harding, Michi-
fn......xucson aispatcnes say tne Apache
fojave Indians, who murdered Loring and
party, near Wyckenburg, have fled from the
Date Creek Reservation to the mountains
...The Lower House of the Missouri Legis
lature, on Saturday, passed a concurrent
rosuiubion, asaing congress to pass a law
granting full amnesty to all who had been
aeprivea oi tne rignts or citizens Chris
tian Hess, of Pekin. 111., was killed on Fri
day by a runaway team The schooner
Hu.tchin3.-n, from Alaska, arrived at San
Francisco, brings from Adaka Island three
shipwrecked Japanese seamen whose innk
drilled as'iore, they having been disabled off
tne coast oi japan, and drifted by the Japan
ese Golf Stream 2,500 miles in nine months,
finally reaching there. Twenty-three others
had starve.! on board. They will be sent
oacc. to japan Dy uonsul .brooks.
At a meeting of the Chicago Common
Council Monday night, a committe of five
was appointed to investigate numerous
charges against Aldermen and city officials
of bargain and sale in the matter of appoint
ments to office, the award for city printing,
Ac The Swansea Smelting and Refining
Work at Chicago were destroyed by fire on
Monday night. Loss, $15,000; insurance,
$12,00O......Michael Garvey, a farmer living
near Bloomington, 111., was run over and
killed at the depot of the Chicago and Alton
road, in that city, on Saturday night.
Tne small-pox is raging fearfully at George
town, O. Business of every description is
almost entirely suspended. Schools in and
aronnd town have closed, and 'people from
the country will not venture inside the cor
poration Gregori Peri has been sentenced
to imprisonment for life for the murder of
Michael Ready, at Chicago A colored boy
named Frank Roberts was arrested in Indi
anapolis on Saturday night while attempting
to set fire to the Metropolitan theatre A
young lady of Monroeville, Ind., who knows
how to guage the means of newspaper men,
has brought a breach of promise suit against
one of the editors of a Fort Wayne journal
for $11.75 Fernando Styre, a farmer of
Blue Mounds, Wis., committed suicide on
Monday last, by hanging himself in his
barn. Temporary insanity was the cause of
the act..... .The peat marsh near Owatonna,
Minn., which took fire Oct. 8, is still burning.
The South.
A special from Helena, Ark., says that on
Monday last a fiendish murder was commit
ted at Lake village, Checout county, by San
ders, Dugan and Garrett, ci'izens of the
county, uponG. W. Wynne, a young colored
lawyer, who had recently located tbere. The
murder grew out of political differences in
the late election in that county. Intense ex
citement prevais.TT.-..At Cookeville, Tenn.,
last Saturday, J. W. Crutoher, Taylor Mc
Kinney, and H. H. Dillard, all armed, at
tacked Charles Burton, who defended him
self, shooting Crutcher mortally and Mc
Kinney slightly. Burton was also wounded
slightly. Whisky and scandal caused the
difficulty.
A report was presented to the South Caro
lina House of Representatives, last Thurs
day by a committee of investigation, by C.
C. Bowen, to the effect that the State had
been defrauded by an over-issueof $0,315,000,
and recommending the House to take the
necessary steps to hold accountable those
Sersons who have violated the law and ruined
le credit of the State.
A letter from Atlanta, Ga., states that a
resolution was recently adopted by the State
Senate, declaring that the people of that
State have no idea of 'demanding remunera
tion for the loss of slaves by the rebellion.
This virtually kills a prior resolution that
the General Government should reimburse
the people for their loss Resolutions were
Sassed. in the South Carolina house on Mon
ay impeaching Gov. Soott and Treasurer
Parker for manufacturing $6,000,000 in
fraudulent State bonds.
Seward is nominated for Vice-President
by a Tallahassee, Florida, paper Hon.
T. C. McCreery, late United States Senator
from Kentucky, has been nominated to suc
ceed Hon. Garrett Davis Enoch Riley and
Johil Cotton, old residents of Pineville,
Monroe county, Ala., had a quarrel recently,
and settled it with shot guns, according to
the code. Both were killed at the first fire.
Washington.
Mr. J. H. Rilbt has been recognized by
the President as Consul General for the free
states of South Africa The Treasury De
partment has received a check from a bank
ing house in Washington for between $10,000
and $11,000, that sum being an unexpended
balance in their hands of money received
from Seth Johnson, the treasury defaulter,
for speculation in bonds.
The wool crop of the United States for the
year ending June 1, 1870, according to the
census returns, amounted to 101,264,678
pounds, including 47,929,647 from the North
western States A private letter from San
Domingo says the two years' lease of the
Bay of Samana having expired, the United
states nag nas Deen nauiea down.
At his own request, and by direction of
the President, Brig. Gen. Benjamin W.
Brice, Paymaster General, is retired from
active service, and his name will be entered
on the list of retired officers of the grade to
which he now belongs Daniel W. Mann,
of Illinois, has been appointed Supervisor of
internal Revenue in tnat etate, vice a. J.
Sweet, appointed First Deputy Commis
sioner, and nas tasen tne oath or. omce.
Foreign.
The French bark Costa Rica was run into
on Sunday night by an unknown vessel, off
the Isle of Wight, and sunk, carrying down
seventeen of the crew. The unknown ves
sel hurried off and made no attempt to ren
der assistance..... .A publio rejoicing took
place at Windsor, on Monday, over the con
valesence of the Prinoe of Wales. A num
ber of oxen and sheep were roasted, by order
of the town authorities, and a general feast
was held, to which the poor and many other
persons were invited The Commissioners
for the arbitration of the Alabama claims
held a formal meeting -at Geneva, Switzer
land, on Monday A Havana letter to the
New York Herald states that a visit to the
grave of Castanon, which is alleged to have
been desecrated by the students who were
brutally shot by volunteers, reveals the fact
tnat no desecration whatever nas been made.
The glass covering of the niche is not
broken, as was stated by the Spaniards, and
everything about the .grave is in perfect or
der, never having been disturbed Mail
advices from India state that the river
Gurnti rapidly rose, on the night of Sept. 15,
and overflowed it banks, the flood lasting
three days and nights, and swept away
about 3,000 houses in the city and vicinity
of Jounpur, rendering 10,000 people home
less.
Tea London Times of Tuesday publishes a
conservative leader on the subject of the
meeting of the Geneva Commission of Arbi
trators, in which it thanks President Grant
for having materially contributed to en
courage a ieeung of brotherhood among the
nations A meeting of the Erie Railroad
Stockholders' Protection Society was held in
London on Tuesday. Raphael presidedand
in the course of some remarks said the pres
ent organization cannot long survive the fall
of its twin sister, the Tammany Ring. An
avowed object of the Republican Legislature
of New York, he said, is to break up the
S resent management of the Erie railroad,
.aphael warned the stockholders against
making any compromise whatever with Fisk
or Gould The French Government re
fuses to Bell the crown jewels to private par
ties..... .The Russian Academy of Sciences
has elected Gen. Ven Moltke an honorary
member A Madrid letter states that Gen.
Sickles received secret orders to return to
Washington for consultation on important
state matters At Berlin, on the 18th. Min
ister Bancroft delivered to the Emneror of
Germany, who is the arbitrator in the mat
ter, the memorandum of the American Gov
ment with regard to the northwestern boun
dary question The press of Lisbon show
much anxiety over the largely-increased
emigration of workmen to the United States,
and recommend remedial measures The
Sublime Porte and the Khedive of Egypt
nave refused tne purchase of the Hues canal.
wnicn is ottered lor sale.
Proceedings in Congress.
In the Senate, on the 14th, Mr. Anthony's
resolution to create a Committee on Retrenchment
was adopted.. An amendment br Mr Trambull, an-
thoriziae the committee to sit darina the recess, end
to send tor persons and papers, was voted down. In
the conrse of the debate. Mr. Trnmball said, if there
is anywhere in the world a worse civil service than
that of the United States, I pray God to deliver that
eeplefrom it"....Tbe nomination of George B. "Wil
liams, of Oregon, to be Attorney General of tneUnited
Statee. vioe Akerman, resigned, was nnanimonaly con-
flrmod Adjourned nntilMonday. the 10th.
In the House, same dav. Mr. Bnrchard offered a
resolution calling en the Secretary of the Treasury for
lniorniation as to tne namner oi persons emoioved.
and the total comoensation naid therefore in tne col.
lecuon oi customs lortne nscai year ending June au,
1871, in the United States. Adopted. Various pro-
noaitiona were made and diirnuiwl. nrinrlnallv tnrn.
ins; on the number of Repress ntatives of which the
uouse snouia do composea. xne numDer was eventu
ally nzea at zs3, on motion oi mi. uarneia.
The greater portion of the time of the
House, on the 15th, was taken up with a discussion on
the appropriation for the government buildings at
Chicago. An amendment was offered cutting down
the amount to t3.000.000, and another to $2,000,000, but
both were voted down, and the bill passed as it came
from the Committee on Appropriations, viz: $4,000,000
for purchase of land and buiidings......The House then
went into Committee of the Whole, Mr. Wheeler in
the chair, and passed the bill reported from the Com
mittee on Foreign affairs making appropriations to
fiay the expenses of carrying out the treaty of Wash
gton....A bill appropriating $23,000 to meet the de
ficiency by the defalcations of F. A. McCartney, late
disbursing clerk of the Post Office Department, was
also passtao. Aujouxnoa until jnonaay, tne lata.
The Senate on Monday, the 18th, passed
the House bill in relation to steam boilers used on
the Mississippi Biver....The remainder of the session
was taken no bv discussion on the annointment of a
jomwiiiee on investigation ana l&etrencnment.
In tne Mouse, same dav. Air. rloar oDered a resolu
tion sympathiziDs: with all efforts to establish self-
government and republican institutions, and with the
families and friends of all persons who have lost their
lives, eitber in the field, on the tcaffold, or elsewhere,
in the cause of civil liberty. Unanimously adopted
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, introduced a bill
declaring women entitled to the suffrage under the
Fourteenth constitutional amendment, bat the House
adjourned without action upon It.
The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the House
bill appropriating $4,000,000 for public buildings in
Chicago ..Mr. Sumner gave notice that he would
propose an amendment t. the Constitution, providing
inat tne rresiaent snail do ineiigiDie lor re-eiecilou,
On motion of Mr. Schurz. the President was re-
nneated to crive informati. n as to the relations of the
United States with Spain, concerning her treatmentof
Americans in uuoa. Also tne instructions te our na
val commanders in Cuban waters for the nnmoses
stated in the President's message. Mr. Oonkline'a
resolution, directing the Committee on Retrenchment
to inquire into tne Charges in reierence 10 tue general-order
business in the New York Custom-House,
was adopfed. Mr. Pool, at his own request, was ex
cused from serving on the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment A resolution from the Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections, declaring Mr. Nor
wood, of Georgia, entitled to a seat in the Senate, was
agreed to, and he was sworn in.
In the House, on Tuesday, a resolution fer an in
vestigation by the Banking Committee of the recent
failure of National Banks, was adopted A resolu
tion was adopted, calling on the Secretary of State for
information as to the printing of a statement oi the
case of the United States before the Geneva arbitra
tors The Secretary of the Treasur was requested
to give information as to the amount of 5-aO bonds re
deemed! A message from the President relative to
civil service reform, was read and referred... The
Senate amendments to the bill for the Chicago Cus-
tom-Houae, were concurred in......mr. uarac-ld, rrom
the Committee nn Annrnnriations. renorted the bill
appropriating $27,840 to supply the deficiencies in the
expenses of the Ku-Klux Committee. In reply to
Mr. ldridge,hestated the total cost of the committee
to be $69,907. exclusive of printing. The report fills
seven volumes, making about 6,000 pages. An
amendment was adopted that an itemized account of
me committee s expenses oe primed in me uiooe. ine
bill then passed, and the House adjourned
Water-Proof Boot Soles.
A Southern exchange has the follow
ing on this subject If hot tar is ap
plied to boot soles, it will taake them
water-proof. Let it be hot. and dry-
near the fire. The operation may be
repeated two or three times during the
winter, if necessary. It makes the sur
face of the leather quite hard, so that it
wears longer, as well as keeps the water
out. It is a good plan to provide boots
for the winter during the summer, as
they will then become, before they are
wanted to wear, almost as firm as born,
and wear twice as long as those unprepared."
Poisoned to Death.
A healthy liver secretes each day
about two and a half pounds of bile,
which contains a great amount of waste
material taken from the blood. When
the liver becomes torpid or congested,
it fails to eliminate -this vast amount of
noxious substance, which, therefore, re
mains to poison the blood and be con
veyed to every part of the system.
What must be the condition of the
blood when it is receiving and retaining
each day two and a half pounds of
poison Nature tries to work off this
poison through other channels and or
gans the kidneys, lungs, skin, etc.
but these organs become overtaxed in
performing this labor, in addition to
their natural functions, and cannot long
withstand the pressure, but become va
riously diseased.
The brain, which is the great electrical
centre of all vitality, is unduly stimu
lated by the unhealthy blood which
passes to it from the heart, and it fails
to perform its office healthfully. Hence
the symptoms of bile poisoning, which
are dullness, headache, incapacity to
keep the mind on any subject, impair
ment of memory, dizzy, sleepy, or nerv
ous feelings, gloomy forebodings and ir
ritability of temper. The blood itself be
ing diseased, as it forms the sweat upon
the surface of the skin, it is so irritating
and poisonous that it produces discol
ored brown spots, pimples, blotches,
and other eruptions, sores, boils, car
buncles, and scrofulous tumors. The
stomach, bowel.-", and other organs
spoken of, cannot escape becoming af
fected, Booner or later, and coativeness
piles, dropsy, dyspepsia, diarrhoea, fe
male weakness, and many other forms
ot chronic disease, are among the neces
sary results. As a remedy for all these
various manifestations of disease, JJr
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is
positively unequaled. By it the liver
and stomach are changed to an active
healthy state, the appetite regulated
and restored, the blood and secretions
thoroughly purified and enriched, and
the whole system renovated and built
up anew. Sold by all hrst-class drug
gists. ob
Railroad Bonds.
For several months past the Northern Pa
cific Bonds have been selling at the rate of a
million a month and Messrs. Jay uooko
Co., the agents, report a brisk and unabated
demand thus far in the month of December.
This must be highly encouraging to tne
company who are building the second great
1 i 1 t f- 1 i. 24. n I n
nignway w faiie x uuiiiu, uul i, i huh sui ic
ing in view of the attractions which these
bonds present. A good railroad and its traf
fic are usually considered security enough
or a first mortgage bond, yet the Northern
Pacific Bonds are not only a first lien on the
railroad and property, hut in addition are a
first mortgage on valuable lands in Minne
sota and the Northwest at the rate-of 23,000
acres for every mile of road built, or up
wards of 60,000,000 acres in tne aggregate.
Every bond of the denomination of $100, for
instance, has 50 acres pledged in its support,
and it is specially provided in the company's
charter tnat tne proceeds ol an land sales
must be applied to the cancellation of the
bonds, as long as they can be bought at a
nrioe not exceeding ten per cent, premium.
The bonds, when used in purchasing the
company's lands, are worth $1.10 now and
it will probably not be long betore tney
reach that figure in the market. Their pres
ent price is par and accrued interest in cur
rency, and they bear interest at the unusu
ally high rate 7 3-10 per cent, per annum in
gold.
Fight it out on this Linb." If you
are dyspeptic, bilious, rheumatic, gouty
debilitated, consumptive, constipated,
or in anywise out of 6orts, fight it out
on this line," viz provide yourself
with a halt dozen bottles ot JJr. Walkv
er's Vinegar Bitters take them ac
cording: to the programme twice or
thrice a day, and keep jighting disease
out on this line, until you have not an
ache, a pain, or a physical trouble of
any Kind remaining. 1 he result is sure,
and it won't take "all summer" to
achieve it.
Among the many victims of the late
fire at Chicago were Messrs. McNally Co.,
the well-known Booksellers and btationers.
Their store and large stock of goods were en
tirely destroyed. But, possessing the true
lymcago spirit, tney nave in iqb unci epucu
of time since the fire, procured a complete
stock of new eoods. and are readv tor busi
ness again. They have opened a store at the
corner of Congress and Michigan avenues,
wnere they have, ready for the lovers of
nome amusements ana private theatricals,
large stock: of Popular Uramas, comedies,
r arcea, teciters, Shadow raniqmimes, jrar
lor Tableaux, etc., etc. They send full cata
logues tree.
Alarmed by the designs of Boston
on Xiake Cochituate, which supplies that
city with water, the Worcester (Mass.)
Uazette calls on the Worcester authori
ties to take possession of it for that
city, which can be done without delay
under the existing laws. The lake is
within the limits of Worcester.
Unrivaled Yet. "Blood will tell I"
say the horse fanciers, in estimating the en
durance of a fine animal and the motto is a
good one outside of the sporting world. A
pure article intrinsically good must dis
tance all competition, eventually. The suc
cess of Udolpho Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam
Schnapps has induced the manufacture of an
hundred imitations: but in the unrivaled
sale of his manufacture, while others have
achieved, if at all, but a scanty success
may oe louna tne puuiio appreciation oi
pure and wholesome beverage.
Slight Cold," Coughs. Few are
aware of the importance of checking a
cough or slight cold," which would
yield to a mud remedy, if neglected.
often attacks the lungs. "Brown's
Bronchial Troches give sure and almost
immediate relief.
A man in the employ of the North
western Eailroad Company met with a
singular accident at Boone, a lew days
ago. Whilst springing from a car to
the ground, a heavy gold ring, worn
upon the small finger, caught on a nail
head, and in an instant was separated
from the hand by taking the linger
with it.
Have the readers of this naner ever
used any of Parsons' Purgative Pills t If
not, why not? They are the best family
physic, beside being the greatest anti-bilious
remedy there is in this country.
An amateur naturalist in Washington
has collected ninety-eight cats of differ
ent colors, to ascertain if the proverb be
true which says they will all turn gray
in the dark.
What is the number of American
belles who will make fools of themselves
about Alexis Echo answers LX is.
Fruit Growers and Flower Fanciers
should subscribe to the Fruit Mecorder and
Cottage Gardener published by A. M. Purdy,
Palmyra, N. T., at only one dollar per year.
This periodical contains the cream of all the
other agricultural and horticultural papers.
(specimen copies are sent tree to an appli
cants.
Frederick Gerstacker, the German
traveler and novelist, has written alto
gether one hundred and seventy vol
umes of travels and novels, and count
less newspaper articles.
If your horse is lame, sore or galled,
you should use Johnson's Anodyne Liniment;
wash the part with castile soap and warm
water, rub dry, with a clean cloth, then ap
ply the Liniment; rub in well with the
nana.
A welcome ship at any time Friend
ship.
A capital business Lending moDey.
The American Ham-burg Cincinnati.
TO ALL WHO CAN READ.
The Weekly Sun Doubled in Size Without
Increase in Price.
AVith the beginning of the year 1872
The Weekly Sun will be double its
piesent size, and will contain eight
pages instead offour, making it equal
in dimensions to any other weekly secular
journal published in this country. At
the same time its price will not be in
creased. It will be furnished to sub
scribers at the uniform rate of one dol
lar a year for each copy. To this rate
no exception will be made and no re
duction will be possible, either to clubs
or agents. Every subscriber who sends
a dollar will receive a copy for a year.
While The Weekly Sun will thus fur
nish as much reading matter as other
papers published at double or treble the
price, it will contain new features which
will add greatly to its interest and value
as a family newspaper. Its indepen
dence of opinion and its unqualified
hostility to Tweedism and Grantism,
and every form of public robbery,
bribery, and corruption will be main
tained, while in point of political news
readers may rely upon always receiving
the most accurate as well as the freshest
intelligence that can possibly be ob
tained. The enlargement will also enable
us to devote additional space to valuable
agricultural intelligence, and to print in
teresting stories and romances more ex
tensively than hitherto. For miscel
laneous reading, presenting the quaint
and humorous aspects of life, and for
useful information respecting not only
what takes place in this metropolis and
this country, but in all other parts of
the world, we shall now have ample
room.
In its new form The Weekly Sun will
be the cheapest paper of its class in the
United States and we appeal to such
of our readers as approve its ideas .and
objects, and find it interestingand valu
able, not only to renew their own sub
scriptions, but to recommend the paper
to their friends and neighbors.
The coming year is destined to be a
memorable one in the history of the
country. We are on the eve of a most
significant Presidential election, and
political movements will for many
months be watched with unusual inter
est. As a journal free from the trammels
of party, The Weekly Sun will continue
to uphold the principle of true repub
lican government. Its readers are in
vited to sustain it in- this work. The
truth, irrespective of party prejudice or
official influence, will always be told in
its columns.
Terms of The Weekly Sun—
A journal containing eight large pages, published
every Wednesday morning to all mail subscribers,
whether single or in clubs, one dollar a year each,
always in advance.
Daily Sun, by mail, 60 cents a month, or 96 a year.
Semi-Weei-t Sun, by mail, S2 a year.
Address The Sun, New York city.
National Engineers' Association.
We call the attention of our readers to the
advertisement of the National Engineers'
Association of Milwaukee, believing it to be
an institution worthy in every respect of
public patronage, xne managers we believe
to be honest, reliable and trustworthy.
Their books being open- to the inspection
of ticket-holders, or aryparties desiring in
formation of the institution, stamps it at
once above suspicion. jmq more wormy
object exists than the education and eleva
tion of man, and especially should this par
ticular class of men have every advantage
placed at their disposal, from the fact that
not only are our commercial interests greatly
entrusted to tiieir skill and ability, but tne
lives of human beings are entirely entrusted
to them while journeying on the main thor
oughfares of our country.
Their drawing was to have taken place on
the 15th inst., but owing to their loss in the
disastrous conflagration at Chicago, and the
consequent delay, they are compelled to
postpone until Thursday, February 22d,
1S7Z. ineir omce is situated on bpring
-vr -ii 1 -i n I i T I r
street, xnva. xxo auu no, ou.jiwaua.ut3, rr Jo.
The Markets.
CHICAGO.
Beeves Choice
Prime
Fair Grades
Stock Cattle Common................
Inferior
Hogs lave
Batter Choice
Eggs
Flour White Winter Extra
Spring Extra
Grain Corn No. 2
Barley No. 2, new
OatsNo. 2
Rye No. 2
Wheat Spring, No. 1-
No. 2
.5 62H 5 75
500 a 525
3 25 a 3 75
2 75 a 3 25
200 a 225
410
22
4 33
25
27
25
8 25 a 8 50
7 60 a 7 75
fJ a 60
31a 31
bii a OS
1 22 a 1 23
1 17 a 1 17
8a &f
Lard
NEW YORK.
Cotton Middling
19Xa 19
Flour Extra Western
5 7o a 6 00
Wheat No. 2 Spring
Rve Western
149
93
79
77
53
151
a 94
Barley State
Corn Mixed Western
Oats AVes tern
Pork Mess
80
78
55
.J3 50 al3 621
CINCINNATI.
Flour Family
Wheat Red
Corn Mixed
Oau
,.6 60 a 6 75
1 45 a 1 46
47
38 a
78 a
75 a
Rye-
Barley
Lard
8o
ST. LOUIS.
Wheat No. 2 Red
No. 2 White
a 5
1 53 a 1 54
1 25 a 1 26
Corn Mixed
Oats Mixed
Barley
Pork Mesa
43
35
72
44
36
73
71
70
.13 00 il3 25
MILWAUKEE.
Wheat Spring No. 1
No. 2
a
1 21 a 1 2VA
1 18 a 1 1H
Corn No. 2-
Oats No. 2
Rye No. 1
4U a 41
31 a 32
63 a 63
TOLEDO.
Wheat White Michigan
1 47 a 1 48
1 42Vsa 1 43
1 40 a 1 41
a 48
a 47
Amber do
No. 1 Red
Corn High Mixed
L.OW ao
White.
Oats-No. 1
41 a
38K
42
39
jno.z
Peril and Precaution.
This is a season that tries the frame and the consti
tution. If there be a weak spot in either, the chilling
damps, the malarious fogs, the varieties of tempera
ture that mark the commencement of the winter sea
son are sure to find it out. There are few systems that
have not a weak spot somewhere, and the wisest thing
that any man or woman can do is to fortify it by a
conrse of Uostetter's Stomach Bitters, and thus keep
the e. emy at bay. In war, when a city Is menaced,
the first thing done is to strengthen the ramparts.
The same policy should be adopted with the human
body, when its direst foe, malaria, is abroad.
If the stomach is weak, this tonic
will lend it vigor; if the bowels are morbidly
sensitive, to is alterative will regulate them;
if the liver is inert, this wholesome stimulant will
rouse it if there is constipation, this aperient will
cure it if there is nervous debility, this nervine will
replace it with nervous vigor; if there is impurity in
the blood, this depnrent will neutralize it; if there is
a cloud on the spirits, this exhilarant will dispel it.
These are facts that have been demonstrated every
day for the last twenty years. Can as much be said
for any other medicine or rather, can as much be
proved f for anything may be said by the unscrupu
lous. Do not accept any of the local bitters some-
limes recommended by dealers in lieu of the Standard
Restorative.
How Childrens Lives are Wasted.
Hearth and Home has a very timely
article on instruction in schools, from
which the following is extracted
We have in mind one Jack, who is
fast adding his small brain over the his
tory of his country. The subject doesn't
displease him. He likes that, especially
the Indians and the wars. But he is
made to learn, not history, but the
words of the book and in the recitation
business he may as well mistake John
son for John Smith as skip an adjective.
The author of Jack's book is a suc
cessful teacher" (his name is Muddle)
but his early education was neglected,
for all that. His grammer is not always
good his rhetoric is always bad, and he
never deviates into liveliness. Now,
we protest that it is wicked squandering
of time to make Jack commit to memo
ry every paragraph of Mr. Muddle's
history. If his memory must be culti
vated, let it be by something worth the
learning, not the long, dry seesaw of an
intolerable shool-room history.
This is only an example of the boy's
troubles. He wrestles manfully, but
hopelessly, with English grammar is
pushed too fast into new difficulties in
arithemetic, and tortured by long-tailed
names in geography. Instead of being
allowed to take his mental food and di
gest it in a natural way. he is made to
swallow it in great boluses, and is fast
becoming a victim of intellectual dys
pepsia. We are told, too, that there
are several hundreds (or thousands) of
children in the city where Jack lives
whose troubles are the same as his. It
is a pattern city; but somehow the
schools don't seem to be conducted for
the children, but to the glory of the
system," and the result suggests that
we need less so-called system and more
science in the management of schools.
The kindergarten promises something
for the youngest children but where
shall we find hope for some equal reform
for children too old for the kindergar
ten
Unprofitable study is the great source
of time wasted in schools. It is not true
that all is good. That which is expend
ed upon matters too difficult for a
child's mind, or uncongenial to it, is
bad. Bad, because it is ineffectual and
therefore wasteful and bad because it
induces a state of mind to which even
proper studies are distasteful. We must
abandon the theory that the object of
schools is to train all children to a cer
tain mental standard. That theory re
sults in a system that teaches children
too little, though it may at the same
time work them too hard that is a
system that wastes time instead of
economizing it. The better and more
economical idea is, that schools are to
aid children, by means suited to their
different natures, to gain a certain
degree of mental strength. Certainly
in some way must conform to rea
son in the matter of saving time, for it
is one of immense practical importance,
if not to us immediately, to our chil
dren. The education of the next gene
ration is in our hands, and we have no
more right to squander its time by our
negligence than we have wilfully to
waste the property or destroy the insti
tutions which will be its rightful inheritance.
Dr. Burg, in reviewing the statistics
of deaths from cholera, finds that out of
about 32,000 artisans in copper, brass,
and bronze employed in Paris and other
cities during the last outbreak of chol
era only 17 deaths resulted from that
disease. Another interesting fact
bearing on this question is that the city
Mio-Tinto, surrounded as it is by cop
per mines, has never been visited by
this epidemic.
The Paris Vert-Vert asserts that Mdlle.
Nilsson is married. Her husband, ac
cording to that paper, is a young Italian
diplomatist, who wedded her in 1869.
The Mutual Life of Chicago reserves
by the highest standard in the United States,
gives its members tne Dest security.
Knox College has 266 students and
Lombard University 155.
The famous Halford Table Sauce can
be had of grocers.
The Youth's Companion. A fresh.
direct, vigorous paper. As practical as it is
attractive.
How Childrens Lives are Wasted. CONSUMPTION OR COUGH
PLEASE
Read the Following Letter
MOUNT VERNON, Ill., April 29. 1871.
Affjir. J. IV. Tfarrim A Jo.. fJincinMati. Ohio
Gentlimks I heard one of my customers speak in
such high terms of Allen's Lung Balsom to-day that I
thoneht I would write von the substance of his state
ments. He says his mother, who is now tixty year of
age, nas suffered wun consumption ior beve&ai
years, and has been under the care of all out best
physicians, bnt never received any permanent benefit;
then she resorted to every kind of Cough and Lung
Balsam that could be procured for her, but all to no
avail. She still erew worse, until she was confined to
her bed; and when she was seized with a paroxysm of
cougning soe woma ioe tne power or respiration, ana
tney were compel tea io reeon 10 rsnoiu xueans to re
store breathing; and while she coughed so hard she
could not expectorate anything, and the family and
friends had given up all hopes of her recovery. Her
son noticed the advertisement of Allen's Lang Balsam
in the Christian Advocate, and they thought they would
procure and try it. They commenced giving her the
Balsam at 5 o'clock P. Af as directed, a dose everv
hour until midnight; then she took another spell of
cougning, ana expectoraiea a mouiniui oi aarK, yel
low matter, which was something she bad not been
able to do for sometime. They continued to give her
the Balaam until morning, and then she began to ex
pectorate freely, and within three hours she expec
torated three pints of mucous matter, which gave
ner immeaiate reuei, ana since inat time sne nas con
tinned to imnrove. She now sits nn all d&v. und A.n
walk about the house and take considerable out-door
exercise, tier son bougnt more or tne Balsam to-day,
and he is recommending it very highly to every one.
A. C. JOHNSON. Druggist.
Was there ever greater proof of merit than the case
this letter refers to?
ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM is without doubt the
best expectorant bemedy ever o ne red to tne afflicted
public. It contains no opium in any form, and its use
is narmiess to tne most aeiicate.
jg Directions accompany each bottle.
It is Sold by Medicine Dealers Generally.
CAUTION.
Call for "ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM and shun
the use of any other balsam, as unprincipled men may
ueceive you witn worm less preparations.
J. N. HARRIS &Co., Proprietors.
Cincinnati. O.
guiu i iiuicsaic uj vs xr jc i.v u a, KJ X IVll. uu.il v nil-
kee: H. BOSWOETH A SONS. Milwaukee FULLER
1 A U.Knln1n ID B"T1JW Jl. TTTrTnnPs-iV mr:in
FDTLER. Chicago: KICHABDSON 4 CO., St
Loui MCCULLOCH, McCORD A CO.. La rosse;
NOYKS BKUIUEBH AUUi'LGB. St. Paul.
$1.00.
THE
Stl.OO.
H 0 USE H 0 L D
A Practical Journal, especially devoted
to tue interests oi tue
AMERICAN HOUSEWIFE,
Containing articles by experienced House
keepers upon an matters pertain
inr to home life and do
mesne Kconomy.
This nonnlar Monthlv has recently been enlarged
to twenty-four pages, quarto size, and no pains will
be spared to make it
The Best Family Journal in the Country.
Its denartments include the Verandah, the Drawing
Boom, the Dressing Boom, the Library, the Conserva
tory, the Nursery, the Dispensary, the Kitchen, the
Dining Room and the Parlor, with practical hints and
suggestions appropriate to each.
ONE DOLLAR PER TEAR.
Agents wanted, to whom a liberal commission will be
aiiowea.
Send Stamp for Specimen Copy.
Address
CJEO. E. CROWE CI, oV CO.,
Brattleboroy Vt.
OTflD Sendstampforcircularof Potato and Fruit
OlUr Parer. Every family buys at 50c. Agents
wanted, c. A. bcorx. uincinnati u.
Cgorrer" A MONTH Horse and outfit furnished
JpO i O Address, Kov.tt 0o Saco, Ms.
1
THE GREATEST
DISCOVERY
OF THE AGE.
M
It 7CENNEDY- of Boxbnry, has discovered in
out -i our common pasture weeas rwwtru) uuw
EVERY KIND OF HUMOR,
From the Worst Scrofula Down to a
Common Pimple.
Two bottles are warranted to cure a nursing sore
mouth.
One to three bottles will cure the woret kind of Pint
T-fs on the face.
Two or three bottles will clear the system- of biles.
Two bottles are warranted to cure the worst canker
In the mouth or stomach.
Three to five bottles are warranted to cure the worst
kind of ErysipelHS.
One to two bottles are warranted to cure all humor
In the Eyes.
Two bottles are warranted to cure running oi tne
earq and blotches among the hair.
Four to six buttles axe warranted to cure corrupt
and running ulcers.
One bottle will cure scaly eruption of the skin.
Two or three bottles are warranted to cure the worst
kind of ringworm. x
Two or three bottls are warranted to cure the most
desperate case of rheumatism.
Tnree to four bottles are warranted to cure salt-
rhFive"to eight bottles will cure the worst case of
A benefit is always experienced from the first bottle,
and a perfect cure is warranted when the abovo quan
tity is taken. KOXBUKY. 31 ASS.
DearIIapam: The reputation of the Medical Dis
covery, in curing all kind of humors, is so weJl estab
lished by the unanimous voice of all who have ever
used it, that I need not Ray anyihingon the subject, as
the most skillful physicians and the mo t carelul drug
gists inMhe country are unanimous in its praise.
In presenting the Medical Discovery to our notice,
T do it with a full knowledge of its curative power, in
relieving all, and curing most of the diseases to wh cn
you are unfortunately so liable. The most excruciating,
disease to an affectionate mother,
HrTJRSIXVa SORB 1VIOTTTXI,
is cured as if by a miraclo; your own tempor i re
stored to its natural sweetness, and your babe from
short and fretful naps to calm and sweet slumbers;
and the Medical Discovery becotnr-s a fountain of bleat
ing to your husband and nous- hold.
In the more advanced stages of
CANKER.,
it extends to the stomach, causing
DVSFEFSIA.
which Is nothing but canker on the stomach j then ts.
tne intestines ana
KinitfEVS,
creating a slnling, tone f elig. and an indifferenot.
even to tne cares oi your uuuu).
Your stomach is
HAW AND IWriiATVTES
your food distresses you, and you can only take ceiv
L-tla ...1 vAn n f 1 1 1 u r vnur RVgtem does net get
half the nourishment it contains as the acrimonioua
fluid of the canker eats it up; then your complexioa
loses its bloom, and becomes sallow or greenish.
and your best day is gone. I or wan oi ""'"IU
...-.(..m K-ntn... Innw nnd flabbv. and the noc.
i.r luul'1u.nma Tf.l.ivwt TlkPIl fnlloW a trSitl O.
diseases which the Medical Discovery is peculiarly
adapted to
CTTR.E
Palpitation of the heart, pain in the side, weakness of
the spine ana small oi tne eacs.. pun "'i
wlien you retire, irregularity of th Jewels, and aisr
tnat most excruuaung 01 aiseasea, ,jiu
How many thousands of poor women are suiTerina
from this disease, and pining away a miserable life, ana
their next-door neighbor does not know f he cause. I
wiHb to impress on your miua ma goua um r?
An ounce of prevention is better than pound oi
"niSDXCAXi DISCOVERY,
you have both the preventive and the cure, with this
great ana gooa quality, mat it wiu never, uuuer tuir
rinnmilnra rt n vnn an v ininrv.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat the .est yon
can get, ana plenty enougn oi n.
Dieectionb fob Use. Adults, one tablespooiiful pe".
day; Children over ten years, oessert spoonn.j; i mi
dren from five to eight years, teaspooniul. As no di
rectionscan be applicable to all constitutions, Uk'
sufficient to operate on the bowels twice a dy.
Ynnntmlv I)ONATiD KENNEDY.
Price, $1.50 per bottle. For sale by every druggist
In tlie U nilcQ am tea ana .oiilibu rruviutw.
J. WiLiit, Proprl.tor. R. H. McDonald A Co., DnirelaU fc
G.n. AgtBU, San Fimncfaoo, CtU., mnd 34 Commarco atrt. y.
MILLIONS Bear Testimony to their
Wonderful Curative Effects.
They are not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Poor
Rom. Whiskey Proof Spirits and Refuse
Liquors doctored, spiced and sweetened to please the
taste, called "Tonics, "Appetizers," Kestorera,"4ic,
that lead the tippler on to drunkenness and ruin,but aro
a true Medicine, made from the Native Boots and Herbs
of California, free from' nil Alcoholic Stlmu
Innts. They are the GREAT BLOOD PC HI
FIEItand A LIFE U1VINO PRINCIPLE,
a perfect Renovator and Invigorator oi the System,
carrying off all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell,
provided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poison or other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They are n. Gentle Punrallvo as well as a
Tonic, possessing, also, the peculiar merit of acting
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS inyonngor
old, married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
the turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheuma
tism and Gout, Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
Bilious, Remittent and Intermittent Fe
vers, Diseases of the Dlood, Liver, Kid
neys and Bladder, these Bitters have been most
successful. Such Diseases are caused by Vitiated
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
ol the Digestive Organs'.
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Dead
ache, Pain in tho Shoulders, Conghs, Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations or the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation ol
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in there
cions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are the oflsprings cf Dyspepsia.
They invicorate tho Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
efficacy in cleansing the blood of all i in purities, and im
parting new life and viffor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions, Tetter, 8alt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots. Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles, Rins-Worras, Scald Head, Sore Byes, Erysipe
las, Itch. Scurfs, Disco to rat ions of the Skin. Humors and
Disease of the Skin, of whatever namo or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of tbe system in a short
time br tbe use ol these Bitters. One hottl in mth
cases will convince the most incredulous of their cura
tive effects.
Cleanse the Titiated Blood whenever you find Its im
parities bursting through the skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse It when you And it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep tho blood
pure, and the health of the system will follow.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms, lurking In the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Suva a dlstinjruished nhvaiolnfrlsf.
there is scarcrlr an individual upon the free of the
earth whose body Is exempt from the prosence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy el omenta of the
body that worms exist, bu upon tho diseased humors
and slimy deposits that breed these living monsters of
disease. No System of Medicine, no vermifuirea. -cn
anthelmintics will free the bystcm from worms like
these liiU-TA.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R. 71. McDOXAI.D CO.,
Drug;rits nrrl flnn. A fronts-. Sun F.neirtco. California,
sni JsfTl -l (.oininerce t-'rvt. reT.v York.
I-SOLD BY ALL DRUUGISTS AND DEALERS.
USE.D AND RECOM
MENDED BY THE MOST
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
IN NEW ENGLAND FOR
THE LAST 45 YEARS.
"NOTHING RFTTFR III
it! u
J I t-t-1 1 unutli V. UJ if
Dua wn.
ISold by the DruKelst
DON'T FORGET
TO
CUT THIS OUT,
And send twenty-five cents for a ticket, and Ret a
Watch. Sewing Machine. Piano, or ome article of
value. Six tickets for $1. No blanks. Address
FACKAKD A CO., 58 w. 4th ft Cincinnati, O.
AGENTS Wanted. Aeents make a. ore mnny at
work for us than at anvihincrelse. Particulars free.
G. Stinboh k Co., Fine Art Publishers. Portland. Main.
25
Valuable Prizes, Worth Over 1,000,
are to be riven to the Subscribers to the Week.
ly American for 1372. A liberal rash commiion to
agents, and $500 to most successful. Samples and cir-
IFI.,K:S? Sbot-Guns. RevoIyer.Gun Materials of
ter n Gnn Works. Pittsburgh. I
oypi j n i mi. i iic iui d f i in) uisi,, iu urrai w es
Army Guns and
Revolvers bought, or traded for.
Aifeutj wanted.
dT C r"k for first-class Pianos.
Sent on trial.
No
84ft
3)e4JJJ agents. Address U. S.
I'JAJSO CO..
Broadway. New York.
fi Q TA MONTH I Horse and carriage furnished.
j Expemaa paid. li. B. SHAW, Alfred. Ms.'
MEDICAL
is
A
S
in
MISS SAWYER'S SALVE.
Mm mwm
IFr
JITZ van have m. aalvs combining a eo thin cr and
s-tenllna? nronertiea. with no danarerous ingred
ient. A reraeay ai nana ior tne many pain
aches, wounds and bruises to which flesh is heir.
Is more easily applied than many other remedies,
never producing a bad effect, but always relieving;
pain, however severe.
It is prepared by Mies Sawyer, who has used it
in her own extensive treatment of the sick, for
nearly twenty years, with great success.
The principal diseases for which this salve Is rec
ommended ore. Chilblain. Itheumatitm, Piles,
Scrofula, Old Ulcm, Salt Rheum. Sprain, Burns,
Fever Soree, Felons Pimples, ErytipeUie, Sore
Eyes, Barber's Itch, Deafness, Boils, fiing -worms.
Corns, Bites of Insects, Cancers, Toothache, Ear
ache, Sore Kipples, Baldness, Stcollen Breants,
Itch, Scald Head, Teething, Chapped Hands,
Scalds, Cuts, Bruises Croup Cracked Lips, and
Sores on Children
It never fails to cure Rheumatism If properly
applied. Rub it on well with the hand three times
a day. In several cases it has cured palsied limbs.
For Piles it has been discovered to be a sure rem
edy. Persons that have been afflicted for years
have been relieved by a few applications. For Ery
sipelas it works wonders, allaying the inflammntior
and quieting the patient. For Chapped Hands it
produces n cure immediately. Let those with Salt
Rheum obtain this Balve, and apply it freely, and
they will find it invaluable. It is good in cases of
Scrofula and Tumors. Cancers have been cured
with it. Tbe best Salve ever invented for Swollen
Breast and Sore KippTes. No way injurious, but
sure to afford relief. Sore or Weak Eyes Hub it
on the lids gently, once or twice a day. Cures deaf
ness by putting in tbe ears on a piece of cotton.
For Felons this is superior to anything known.
For Pimples this acts like a charm. For Burns
and Scalds, apply the Balve at once and it gives
immediate relief. For Old Sores, apply once a
day.
Not among the least of the Invaluable properties
of Miss Sawyer's Balve are its beneficial effects
on the hair. Rubbed on tbe scalp, in five or six
different parts, it promotes the growth of the hair,
prevents it turning gray, and on bald spots it pro
duces a new growth of hair. No lady should be
without this invaluable article as an indispensable
cosmetic for the toilet. It eradicates dandruff and
disease from the head, and blotches and pimples
from, the face.
We, the undersigned, have been acquainted with
Miss Sawyer for many years, and believe ber to be
a Christian lady and a skilful nurse, and having
used her salve in our families, it gives ns great
pleasure in saying It is tbe best general medicine
we have ever used:
Rev. E. F. Cntter,
Rev. W. O. Holman,
Rev. Joaeph Kalloch,
Rev. George Pratt,
Gen. J. P. Cilley and wife,
Cm.pt- J. Crocker and wife,
Ca.pt David Ames mud wife,
Wm. Wilson and wife,
E. R. Spear,
A. 8. Rice.
John T. Berry,
Wm, H. Titcomb,
Mrs. Charles Snow,
Mrs. Alex. Snow,
Dr. E. P. Chase and wife
J. Wakefield and wife,
Wm. Beattie and wife.
Jacob Shaw and wife,
John 8. Case and wife.
n. w. wigntana wits.
Geo. W. Kimball. Jr. fMavor W. O. Fuller and wife.
juei
Joseph Farweli, Dea. Henry' Inaraham and
C. R. Mallard. wife,
Ephxaim Barrett, O. 1. Con ant (Postmaster o
Ieander Weeks. Rockland) and wife.
Hon. N. A. Burpee, I. K. Kimball and wife.
m nnrir 'run.
William AlcLoon.
TO THE AFFLICTED,
1 your Druggist is out of tbe Salve, and neglects
to keep supplied, send seventy-five cents as directed
below, and receive a box by return mail.
Pat up in Large Boxes st 50 cents each
(nearly three times a large as the box represented
above). Prepared by MISS C SAWYER, and
put up by L. M. BOBBINS, Wholesale
and Retail Drug-grist. Rockland, Me.
A Trial Box sent free by mall on receipt of seventy
five cents, by L. M. KGB BINS, Rockland, Me.
THIS VALUABLE fiALVK 13 SOLD BY
ALL DEALERS IN MEDICINES.
8 O'CLOCK.
THEA NECTAR
IS A PDRE
BLACK. TEA
with the Green Tea Flavor. War
ranted to suit all tastes. For ealm
everywhere. And for sale whole
sale ,nly by the Great Atlantic
fc Pnrlflc Tea Co.. H Church
Bt.. Nw York. P. O Box 5306.
Sendor Tkea-Nectar Circular.
REDUCTION OF PRICES
To conform to reduction of dnties.
GREAT SAVISG TO CONSUMERS
BY GETTING UP CLUBS.
49" Send for our New Price List and a club form
will accompany it, containing full directions making
a large saving to consumers, and remunerative to duo
organisers.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.
31 and 33 Veaey Street,
P. O. Box 5643. New Y oris.
PawiSl
For Beauty of Polish. Savins of Labor,
Freen ess from Dust, Durability 3t Cheap
ness, truly unrivaled.
Beware of Worthless Imitations, under other names
but resembling ours la shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
The Rising Sun Polish In bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve cents per pound twenty-live and fifty
pound boxes. "Cheaper than any other Bulk Pollen
ior naming
MORSE BROS., Prop'rs.
CANTON, MASS.
OVER ON.E HUNDRED PAGES.
Printsd in Two Colors, on superb Tinttd Pafeb.
Four Hundred Knara vines of Flowers,
Flanta and Veetbles, with Descriptions, and
TWO COLORED rZ-ATZiS.
Directions and plans for making Walks. Lawns,
Gardens, etc. The handsomest and best FLORAL.
GUIDE in the World, All for Tea Cents, to
those who think of buying Seeds. Not a quarter the
cost. 200,000 sold in 1871. Address
JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y.
TO CONSUMPTIVES.
The advertiser, bavins? been vermanentlr cured of
that dread disease. Consumption, by a simple remedy,
anxious to make known to his fellow sufferers the
means of cure. T all who desire it, he will send a
copv of the prescription used (free of charge), with,
tbe directions for preparalDg and usins the same,
which they will find a subs Cuk to it GoKauMPTiopr,
Asthma, Bronchitis, Ac.
l ar lies wisuinsT tne prescription win piraem smuroaa
Rev. ED W All D A. WILSON,
264 South Third Street, Williamsburg!!, N. T.
ITHRIDGE'
XX FLINT GLASS
LAMP CHIMNEYS
Stand Heat better than any other made
Ask for Dithridge's, and take no other.
Bee that oar name is on every box
DITHHLDUE SON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
BeT Send for Price jLlet.
AGENTS WANTED FOB THE
HISTORY OF THE
WAR IN EUROPE
Tt contains over ISO flue enfirravinn of Kurt
Scenes and incidents iu the War, and is the only
FULL, AUTHENTIC and OFFICIAL history of that
great conflict. Agents are meeting with unprece
dented success selling from 20 to 40 copies per day.
and it is publi-hed in both Euglieh and German.
0 TT-TTAXT Inferior histories are being
UV LJ 1WJN circulated. Kee that the
book jouony contains -1 50 fine engravings and 800
pages. Send for circulars and see our t arms, and a full
description of the work. Address. NATIONAL Pt'B-
LJ.hhinu uo., rhiladelpbia, J'sv, Chicago, ill., or tit.
Lou is, 31 o.
Chicago It" Destruction.
full and complete history ot Chicago, her past, pres
ent and future. With graphic scenes, incidents and full
details of thedissster, ty Geo. P. Upton and J.W. Shea-
fcau, editors of the thicago Tribune. With over 400
pases, and 50 illustrations. It is now ready for
ipriiTA 111 lUTCn delivery. Send $1.00 for out
AUtN I 5 W A N I E U i fit and choice of territory.
union ruoiiftning js.. inicago. rii., or rniia., ra.
RUPTURES
Relieved and cured bv Dr. Sherman's Patent AddII
ance and Compound. Office 697 Broadway, N. T.
Send inc. for book with photographic likenesses of
cases before and after cure, with Henry Ward Beecher's
case, letters and nor trait. Beware of travel inf im-
outers, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr.
HIRMaN.
TTTHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS
.TV please say yoasnwtho advertise meal
this paver,
o.2i. u. Pso.aa.wi, Ho.
STOVE
D