The Macr-DrlTer's Story.
BTBEET HAUTE.
it vis the staire-driver'si story, h stool -with hU
hekt.tlw wheelers,
.ijict'j flocking h R whip, and tcrsiQhiJ quid 4
jtiha",
tt i.ii''ntedaty road, tnd blent tltii Ota rays o: I
in- iDmliKut. I
,m th Kb tblt whlp&nl the juleo. ti'
ct? eo ing.
r 1 Mr, 1 believed yoc tooJ 1 u- y
(a that subject.
j your existence might put to toe hazard and
turn of wager,
ihiwtwndtnr! Ohne' not m fair, mdoid. I
assure you
,vvbanse 'twas the man with tho dot; that Is st
ting &lone in yon wacn.
It wa the Geixcr Grade, a nulo and a half fim Uie
-utnmit;
as jour hat w the nis;lit, and never a star in
tlie hem tsbs.
.in'ennsdowntlgraJe,thogra?el and rt mes
we sent flying
ert Herrwip.ee side a thour.d foet plumb to
t'leuttmi.
i i l wr the grade I feltir. a thrilling and
r-S to one aide, a weknnsoa Uie bisk of
i h rat me,
k n-npUisroad.I mw, in the distance
ii n me,
I. ai wheel nftheeoachjtut loosed fim ig
v o and falJoinr.
r n rel save then gathered tosatheriny
n,
a an riant them. aoUpimd, on the strain
r r kiuf uiv rattle:
a luei ft ihe top of my tcIo, and Uah. the ir
n mi frensr.
f w the ueiier uraao, on three who-ls the
T-l, -le thundered.
u-'.inyehansa,
a-ban agaiii came the
,a! nrf.tr wheel dipped away
and nu
.unin
w wt re leu, yet well eras our feftrfal
i. u.irt3'
.i.l msUined on fe wheels, Uie
,1 ..lews-Hew.
..ui-lc." 1 "''w, onloraed fr.m iu reeky
nontain,
,rrr,Mor- Hue hare and t.tiiBoroasKraiTel,
jit 'rsp ai.
v j, .a "Hi"t eiraderaaaad the pioneer evjach,
Irl. ro i
iw-i tlie horses, and shrieked Is id ranee of
If t- iit,re'r lai pending.
't rief in my tale.
Agate, ere ere came to
s 1 from it axleaerheel, ro tLat, to be plain
n my tatu ear,
a-trrfftwelvehnndred jard -r ni'jre, as Uie
i tutce may he.
up n e vceelanUl we dnwe up to
tlif1 Ftatlou.
v if i ink in a heap; bet picking mj rv
t 'lie ruim.
I a n-'iw up the grade, and looking, I saw in
1 c i-tanctf
r.o wheel! .Mowing ctlll. like moons on toe
i r r n whirling,
i ti.- v "raeefuily mink on U rkd at
si v ..f the stallsn.
.ry. bir; atr'
He, indeed, I
1 .i reran ail At be eaid
hi men meat lizhtlv
Vat I bold
lr :n tl truth inhii tale No,
thank
i p .nco yoa are pms um.
't cire il Idfi: yfm
iii-L.. Eusar.'
nity sire me the
IIICAVO.
rrona 1871.)
t .-.ml Rlcedioff. hnlnlnss nantinv
l.arrod fra-moots of her shattered tfcioM
wi'- tbion i.ui yerteraay alone.
i mtWcpv ly mtne enchanter taarht
t r or) fAUddinseeetrt,
i- the rpell Uiatall thai wonder upowlt.
i.wn prairies by some ehance seed
wn prairies in one brief day cri.v
wn prai ice in one fierce night m
t 1 r voice, ard in her pleadlnc call
f a' the cr 1 Maecdon to Paul
tk I. r help that makes her kin to all.
Mi'lv withwanfingersmay shefeol
rr cup hul in the proffered meal
.jile her kinship and onr loves reveal.
rrf erfc, in Xrcry .StuMley.
From tiiO Argosy.
Tom
haisi:i--s
U Ir.ol f.ir away in the country in a
.'ii- ilit-trict. My father was tmster of
,i i.itlr rhu'e, and kept a few groceries for
II; t he had enough to do to maintain
i i imily cantly and clothe them decently.
I mtocn. and housekeeper my muthcr
u (i'.id. and ybh the eldest of us four child
m 1 he rctt being younger, 1 ctrove to do
my 1 ft fur them.
My une great trouble then was my clothes,
i :li i voting girls ol our station that I a&so
tti 1 with, dressed better than I could, and
it irru'ved mo. Vanity begins earlier than
t i.it in the female heart. I had made up
ami remade ecry article of my mother's
vtirdrohc for the children or for me. had
M.irkid up eTcry shred to the best advantage;
.iti'l now that was all gone, and I did need a
in w dro for the coming winter. 1 made
my duo last ah long again as other girls
did, lor I knew my father needed every i-ix-t
enre be could earn, and I dreaded wanting
iinytliing. Not that he eTCr was cress, but
l.e oltcn Mglicd, and looked so pained and
Kirrowful when 1 asked for money, that 1
tried to do with as little as possible.
Hut here it was the last of October my
nummcrdresscfl, poor enough at all time.
1 nkcd ery thin and paltry now.
i m Saturday afternoon 1 shall never forget.
1 n hat 1 am going to tell of. My work
.a nc, the children at play in the orchard,
I e iii'ied out my long brown hair, put on my
-t Litton frock, selected apla'n linen collar
niv uwn making, and pinned it round my
t k with an old breast pin, the onlv bit of
i wilry I had ever owned. With me, I think
t wa-'an instinct to dress well. Not fine
nh neat. Ihen, taking out my last winter's
fr.mk, I sat down by the window to w?e
wi.it I could do at renovating it. Itwasa
'-it Muc merino very light, indeed, now
in 1 I knew it was too "short for me. as I was
ill growing, and was very shabby. But by
t.irninj; and putting in a w ide band of trim
ming which I bad, I thought it might l
uncle to answer, so 1 set to work with a will.
Hi work was veiing. 1 was trying to do
wli.it M .ircely could be done and as I sat
m w in; and contriving, I felt lit to cry over
mr powrty. Just then the dog on the shop
'.'.I up a loud barking, and 1 lojkcd 1 1 sec
what it was at. A man was ciming in at the
(.to with a pack on hU back; a traveling
ddlcr I knew. He smiled and tame in,
alth mgh 1 said I did not want anything and
thechildrcp, seeing him, came running in
1 1 1
"I cannot afljrd to buy indeed 1 cannot,"
I kept saying. But the man only kept on
nm.lling, and opened his pack on the parlor
II Kir And it war- too great a treat to me to
M-e the things to make great opposition.
The first that came out was just the very
llnng I had must longed for a beautiful fine
Krench merino, of dark crimson color. 1 had
nncc seen a dress of this kind, but uone liad
ocT liccn offered for sale in our little place
that could equal this in shade or texture.
The peddler looked at rue with Lis keen
hlaok eyes as I knelt down t feci the prize I
had no hope of winning. "The lady will
buy," he said but 1 shook my head, and
rousing my hands liehmd me. stood up rc
xolutclyi trving hard not to long for the much
tlcurcl piece of goods.
Not buy he exclaimed in a broken
1 ingu.igc nl some sort, I could not tell wheth-
r German or French and ho looked so as
t mi-lied, eten pitiful, that I lelt sorry at
.neo. and confessed that I had no money, and
mid not purchase.
"But the lieoutiful young lady have some
Id silver old jewelry uld silk dresses just
c Hid as money?" said he.
I lauched at the idea, but he only opened
mot her package to display to the boys sonic
dumb watches with very gay chains, and
h.inding them each one, lie took out a small
1 ill 1 ir my little sister, and told them to run
iw,iy now, "till sister bought her dress." 1
mentioned to the boys to stay near the door
tep, and then taking up the muob-eovctcd
lresf piece, I again examined it. Sitan was
tempting me, or some vexatious spirit that
iocs duty for him. and never had I been so
irely lieset. llow could 1 let it go, yet how
.iv for it
The black eyes never left my face, but the
I. iw was respectful, only bowing lower as
l Mid, "You think it good?"
(Ii, yes 1 replied, "too good for me."
"Not eo," bo said. "It suits you much."
and v m shall have clieap.
I tell you I liavo no money."
"No matter, 1 trust. You give wc sotne
mt to keep for you, and I come again, lie
vi 1
"Hut I have nothing," I insisted. Still, he
r"-lr 'ucd more eager said something of
lrd times, or having to stay at the tavern,
eijenscs over Sunday, of bong so "very
re' and I am with the merino in my
UnJ all the while.
Ni'i'ienly he fteplcd close to me. pointing
'.lie poor brooch 1 wore. 1 could give him
tha-. he said that i, lend jt tu him in trust
'intil he came again. Did 1 think much ol
it ho asked.
I laughed as 1 undid it. I did not think
much of it, but it was all the jewelry I pos
essed in the world. I showed him my namo
on the back, "Mabel." But it was nearly
illegible now.
"Nearly quite." said be, turning it about
n Ins hands. "It very poor."
And this was true the poor thin gold, if
it was gold, was all dinted and mashed flat,
the original pin gone, and a needle tied in by
the eye with a thread served to fasten it. One
large stone was set in the centre as large as a
Ia, surrounded by nine smaller ones, but one
r those was loft out long ago, and I Imd of
ten tried to find a piece of white glass to fit
the small cavity, but had failed. The stones
were all glass, as I believed. Somoofthe
girls jn the village would ask me why I wore
the old fashioned thing and then I would
show them the dim "Mabel" on tbc back,
and tell them I had been named after the
name there. Some one hid given my mother
the pin for me when I was born, and she said
I should bear the same name. The rcddler
kept it in his hand, and I noticed that his
fingers trembled.
"I'll bring it lack to you in six months'
time," said he "'twon't bo'ono good to me.
but I'll take it on trust. Or. if you can pay
sooner, I shall lie about the neighborhood all
lint
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII.
next week, nnd shall sleep each night at the
inn."
Be vou very sure I did not hesitate long
the temptation was too great; so, thrusting
the old pin carelessly into his breast pocket,
ho tied up his bundles, and with low bows
left tbc house
I could scarcely lielicve in my good luck.
I spread out my new frocE on the bed, and I
held it before me to try the effect. And then
I began to repent. My father, 1 knew,
would not give me one crow look but still I
did hate to tell him of the twelve shillings 1
owt.i the peddler. I would be eo saving for
the rext three months, that be would lost
not! ing by ray bars-am. lor I'd sorer it to
gether myself.
When I picked up the linen band to rut it
round my neck, I did not know how to fasten
it at first without that familiar old pin then
recollected how often the girls had told me
that a bow of ribbon would look so much
prettier. Sj, looking up a small piece of
black velvet. I formed a !kw. and felt more
than satisfied.
My father did not get home to tea or to
supper. 1 put the children tu lied after their
slices of bread and treacle and a good wash
ing. At 10 o'clock a n.i" came, saving some
business had detained my father; that I bad
better close the bouse and retire. This was
nothing very unusual, aa his business iRttrrs
often kept him bit;. 1 was quite a staid little
woman in management, and did as I was
bid. My father would come in with hii
latch-key. On Sunday morning at breakfast
the children showed him their watches and
doll. I said nothing about the dress, fur it
struck me he was looking anxious.
"Where's your breast-pin Mabel?" be
asked, as the children ran out liefi.ro the door
niter breakfast.
The breast-pin I was frightened at once,
ile l ad never asked after it or noticed it be
fore, lie mui-t hac l.cird of what I'd done
and was angry,
Father, I have nut g it it 1 exclaimed
ar once ready to cry,
"Not got it' What do you mean, child?
Yuu surely wore it yesterday
"Yep sir," I replied, and it's all safe. I
was jost going to tell yon about it when you
frightened me."
"Well. I don't wr-h tofnghtcn you. my
e'ear: I bud no thought of such a thing.
Calm ourscll. Mabel, while I tell you of a
letter I received yesterday, and then you can
get the pin at your leisure. You can get it?"
"I cm get it, father. Or, rather you can.
But I liojic you will not blame me. What
hnvo jou heard about it
'Well, my dear linten. We bai? never
attached any value to that old pin, only that
a good, kind woinin gave it to your mother
to keep lor you, and so we did keep it he
cause of that. She was a stranger to us.poor
lady, and was in distress, and your mother
was kind to her. But she left the place
soon after you were born, and we never
heard more of her. Yesterday, howeer. 1
got a letter from a long distance, asking
aiuut mat cry pin, ana even to trie name on
the hick. ItUverv mlnnhlo U.h.1 I
My heart was hsatini; ten strokes where it 1
should have beat but one.
"The pin we !uc Fet no store bv is of
great ilue MaM. The centre diamond
alone is worth what to us por people would
be a fortune. And it is all yours, my dear
you can convert the diamonds into money
and lie at eae l)r life.
What with the overpowering surprise, and
what w ith f'-ar of my father's anger. 1 faint
ed. When 1 came to myself on the sof in
the parlor, tbc children were there, and it
was too late to go to hurch. I felt bewil
dered, and trembled yet, but listened atten
tively to my fatbei as he read the important
letter from London, then I sprang up wildly.
"Oil, father, father, go down to tne Black
11 irsc." 1 exclaimed. The peddler is there,
and he has my pm."
My father's first thought was that the
good fortune had tumod my brairv I ex
plained all to him. lie was very kind never
scjlded me; but, as to finding the pin and
tbc j ddler he knew more of the world than
his fiKhti child, and was nut so hopeful.
However, he thought it best to go, and for
me to go with him. So in a few moments
we were walking down to the Black Horse
The landlord was sitting alone in his front
porch, smjking quietly, lie looked surpris
ed when we walked up the steps, but very i
1jiiciv imncu us imo w paxior.eipiaiiiing j
mat uis wjmcu loias nau gone to cnurcn.
"Is there a pcdeilcr staying with you. Mr.
Ford began my father.
A peddler? no," exclaimed the land
lord, as if the question vexed him. "I have
not seen a peddler for three weeks, and the
one that was there then did not pay his
bill."
I must huo turned very pale at this, and
felt hunt again.' Mr. Ford wanted me to take
a i-orui.il. My father turned it off, saying I
was tired. Then he said that "1 hadmade a
little bargain with a peddler the day before,
and that we wished to settle with him."
"dot cheated, I warrant," said the bluff1
old lnndlord "hut no such man came to this
bouse yesterday. I do ree-olleet now that .loc
my .-tier, said he ww a fellow with a big'
black b x or bundle come up tbc bank from
the erect just alter tne stage passed; hut 1 j
didn't pay any attention to bim."
M. r.fhn... n. .11 .1 I I
ul5 nut believe my fortune ns gone. lie
tried to comfort me sajmg I was just sa well
off as before, and had a new drew into tbc
bargain. How I hated the thought of my
beautiful merino
Well it is of no um to prolong my story,
or tell jou of all the efLrtti made to catch the I
adroit thief, fie was no peddler, but a I
.Jerk in that very law office irun whien the
letter was nent telling; us uf the diamonds.
Ic munuged to delay the letter to my father
lor a rtott or two; hastened away him-elf.arid
obtained my pin.
We never found him wc never heard of
him. lie must have got off tomcwhere over
the sen with his prize. My poor, toiling
lather .always gentle, did not renroaih me.
but even to thirj day the regret lira heaily
on ray mind, for what might I not have
done for him and the dear children with my
money?
And the lady who had given mo the pin
did not know until she wan dying the value
it was uf, and that cauecd the ntir Ah me
it ww one ol those chance in life that per-
ha pa we all miw on occasion the "tide in
the aflat rn of men that taken at the flood i
lead ont iortunc." And abont my ciim-
son drees? For a long while, shabby though j
1 was 1 could not look at it or let it lie made
up. Hut time pontiles troub.cn. And I must
Fay that it made a charming gown, and one I
who va an artist saw me in it and made mc I
hinM'f( Ni Tcrhapa it all happened for the 1
lKt.
Uut 1 am mire I hop that W!t!;od pcdJIor
who made lieHevo t) ppeak like a for- 1
cigncr the better to take .ti in cimc to be
hanged. j
THK MISER'S II Kill. I
The hour hand of Philip Acre's (.Id-fash- j
iooed ei her wtch was pointing to the ligure
cirht: the Hiug red curtains hut or.t the
in and daxknefa of the March night, and
the fire snapped and cracked behind the hot
bars of the grate in a most cosy and com-
fortablc sort of a way, casting a rosy snine in
to the thoughtful brown eyes that were trac- j
ing castles and coronets in the brightly burn
ing coals.
Tor Philip Acr wae, fr once, indulging
himself in tbc dangerous fascination of tlie
day dream.
If 1 were only rich" he pondered to
himeclf. "Ah if. Then good-bye to all
these niuety old law hjokti good-bye to
mended boots and turned coatf, all the ways
and means which turn a mtnV life into
wretched bondage. Wouldn't I revel in new
bcuks, and delicious .jtainttngnd high step
ping horses. Wouldn't I buy a set of jewels
tor Edith not pale pearls or feickly emeralds
but diamond, to blaze like links of fire upon
her roval throat Wouldn't I what non
tenfe Pin talking, though he cried sudden
ly to himself "Philip Acre, hold your
tongue. 1 didsuppofc you were a fellow of
more seme. Hero you are, neither rich uor
distinguished, but a eimplc law student;
while Edith Wjllis is a far above your moon
f truck aspirations as the queen of night her
telf? fche loves mc though ehe will wait
and the time will one day come. If only Br.
Wyliw were not to distrustful of a fellow!
However, I tnuet learn to prove myself wor
thy of the ewceteot prize that ever hallo
come in there, whoever you are!"
It was only the serving maid of the lodging
bouse, carrying a letter in the corner of her
apron, lictween her f.ngcr and thumb.
"Please sir, the postman lias justleft it."
"All libt Katy. Now then," be added,
as tbc door closed behind Katy's (substantial
back, "let's tec what my unknown corre
spondent has to say. A black seal, eh Xot
having any relations to lose, I am not alarm
ed at the prognostic.'
He broke the teal glanced over the chert
business communication contained within,
with a face varied from incrcduijus surprise
to sudden gladness.
"Am I dreaming?" ho murmured rubbing
his eyes end shaking himself, as if to insure
complete possession of his senses. "No, I'm
wide awake, and in my right mind it is no
delusion no pert of my waking visions.
But who would have supposed that old
Thomas Mortimer, whom I haven't seen
since 1 was a boy of sixteen, and picked him
out of the river half dead between cramp and
fright would die and leave me all his money?
Why I'm not the shadow of a relation but
t en I never heard the old man had any kith
or kin, so I can't imagine any harm in tak
ing advantage of this odd freak. Hich am
I really to be rich? Is my Aladdin vision to
bean actual fact? Oh, l!d:th! Edith!"
lie clasped both hands otcr his eyes, sick
and giddy with the thought that the lovely
far-off star of his adoration w ould be brought
up near him at last by the magnet gold. All
those years of jatient waiting were to lie
bridged over by the strange old miser's be
quest he might claim Kditli now.
How full of heart shine were the weeks
that flitted over the heart of tho accepted
lover brightened by Edith's 6tnile made
beautiful by the soft radiance of Edith's kite.
There was one alloyinc shadow the most
imperceptible touch of distrust and suspicion
with which stern old Dr. Wjllis regarded
his future son-in-law. Ah! he feared to
truet his only child to the keeping of any
mao who had not been proved m the fiery
furnace of trial.
It was precisely a week before the day ap
pointed for the w-edding.and the soft lights
veiled by shades of ground glass, were just
lighted in Dr Wyllis's drawing room, where
Edith sat among her white rosea and helio
tropes, working at a bit of cambric milling,
and singing to herself. !he was a slender
beautiful girl with violet ryes, a blue veined
forehead, and glossy curls of that pale gold
that old painters love to portray.
"I wonder if Mortimer's place is so very
lovely?" she slid to a siher haired lady who
sat opposite. "Philip ss going to tako me
there when we return from our wedding tour
aunty; he says it is the sweetest
place a poet's fancy can devise, with foun
tains and shrubberies nnd delicious copt-cs.
Ob, shall we not be harpy there
She started up, with a bright, sudden
blush, for cten while the words were trotu- j
bling on her lips, Philip Acre came into the
room. His handsome face was rac.loolu.g
a little troubled, yet cheerful withal. Mrs.
Wyllis with an arch nod at her niece, dir-
appeared into the perfumed perspective ol
the conservatory, lcuing the lowers to theei-
selves. I
"Y'ou arc looking grave, Philip." said j
Edith, as he bent over and kissed her cheek.
"I am feeling so darling. 1 have a very
unpleasant disclosure to make to-night our
marriage must be postponed indefinitely."
Philip, for what reason?" j
"To enable me by diligent labor at ni v p
fcesiem to realize sufficient means to support i
you dearest, in a manner satisfactory to yocr
father's expectations and my wish." i
"But Pbilin, 1 thoueht
I "You thought me heir of Thomas M rti-
mer s wealth Bj 1 was huith. a few hours'
Bulc0 at liare relinquished all claims to
it now. When I accepted the beque-t I was
under the impression that no living heir ex
isted 1 learned tc-dav that a distant cous
in (a woman) is alive, although, my lawyer
tells me in ignorance of her relationship t i
Thomas Mortimer. Of course I shall trans
fer the property to her immediately."
"But, Philip, the will has made it legally
yours."
"legally it has but. Edith, could I re
oncile it to my idea ol truth and honesty ti
avail myself of old Mortimer's fanciful freak,
at this woman's expense? I might take tin
hoarded wealth, but I never could rcsict
myself again, could I dream of legally dc
frauding the rightful heir. Nay, dearot. I
may lose name and wealth, but I wool
rather die than suffer a single stain in m
honor as a Christum gentleman."
-You have eione right Philip." sa
Edith, with sparkling eyes. --We will a
and hope on, happy in loving one anoth-
more dearly than ever. But who is tin- d.
tant relative and heiress
"That's just what I didn't stop i ii
eruirc. I will write again to my lawyer 1
ask these questions, and to direct that a d
of conveyance 1 made out and then, -1 -line,"
His lips quivered a moment, yet he ma
fuIiT completed the senteree
--Then I will begin the hut!
life ov
again.
And Edith's living eyes told him wh i, -b
thought of his self abnegation a sweet tes
timonial.
"Hem," said Dr. Uylils, hslnng his nc
glasscs magisterially with a silk crim-or-pockethandkerehiel,
"I didn't suppose the
young fellow had so much stamina about htm
a very honorable thing to Ay. Edith, I
have never felt exactly sure abmt Phil Acre
beine worthy of vou liefure
Papa''
'Bot my mir.d is made up. When is he
earning again
"This evening," faltered Kdith, the viol.
eyes softly dnsping.
Tell him, Kiith, that he mrvhavovn
next Wednesday, just the samensoer. A
to thc.law practicing, there's time cnmigh f
that afterward. Child, don t Ktran.e uw
with kiwes keep, keep'em for Phi!."
He looked at his daughter with y
etrancely dim.
lTried, and not found wanting," he mut
tered, indidlir.rily.
The perfume of the orange hlot&om had
died away, the glimmer of the pearls and
natin were hidden in the velvet cafketwand
travelling trunk?, and .Mr. and Mrs. Acre,
old married people of full a month "n duration,
were driven along a country raJ, in fie
amber of a glorious June Puni-ct.
"Holloa1 which way is Thomr.s going?"
raid Philip, leaning from the nindm, as the
carriage turned uut from the main m:id.
"1 told bim the direction to take," said
Kdith, with bright, sparkling eye. "Ixt
mc have my onn way, for once. We arc
going to our new home.'
"Are wc?" paid Philip, with a cheery
grimace. "It Ii to 1-cloveina cittigo, 1 mp-p-wc.

"Wait until you pdc, nr," paid Mrs. A're,
purhing up her little rose-bud of a mouth
and Philip united patiently.
"Where arc wc,f be asked in astonish
ment, when the carriage drew up before a
stately pillared portico. "Sumly this munt
be the Mortimer place."
"Shouldn't le urpri-ed if it w:tF,"Kiid
Dr. Wyllit", emerging frc.m the doorway
"walk in. my bov come, Kdith. Well, how
do you like your new home?'
"Our new home repeated Philip. "I
do not understand you, hit."
"Why, I mean your little wife yonder in
the pole enrviving relative of riioina Morti
mer, although t-he never knew it until this
morning. Her mother was eld Mortimer.
cousin, and some absurd iuarrcl had cauwd
a total cessation of intercourse between the
two branch of the family. I was aware of
the fact all along but I wasn't Norry to avail
myeelf of the opportunity to see what kind of
f-tuffyou were made of, Phil Acre. And
now, as the deed of conveyance is not mad.
out yet, I don't but nose your liwvcr need to
trouble himself about it. The heiress won't
(,uarrel with you, 111 be bound."
l'niiip YCic e cnccK nusnca ana tiien grew
pale with utrong emotion, an he looked at his
w ile standing bcuide him, when the sun set
turned her bright hair to coils f ehining
gold, and the thought bow unerringly the
liand of Providence had ttraightcned out the
tangled web of his destiny.
Out of tne darkness came light.
A Melting- Story An Old Yam Ee
span. One winter evening a country storekeeper
in the (Jreen Mountain State was about clos
ing up for the night, and while standing in
the snow outside, putting up tho window
shutters, saw through the glass a lounging,
worthless fellow within, grab a pound of
frenh butter from the shelf, and caneeal it in
his hat.
The act was no sooner detected than the
revenge was hit upon nnd a very Tew minutes
found tbc Green Mountain store-keeper at
once indulging his appetite for fun to the
fullest extent, and jsijing off the facetious
sort of torture, for which he would have
gained a premium irom the old Inquisition.
"I say, SJcth. said the storekeeper, com
ing in and closing the door after him slap
ping bU band over his shoulders and stamp
ing the snow off his feet.
Seth bad his hand on the door, his hat on
his head, and the roll f butter in his hat,
anxious to make bis exit as soon as possible
"I say, Seth, eit down 1 reckon now on
such a coU night as this, a little something
warm would not hurt a fellow."
Seth felt very uncertain: be had the butter
and was exceedingly anxious to Ic off, bat
the temptation ol something warm, sadly in
terfered with bis resolution to go. The hesi
tation, however, was soon settled, by the
right owner of the butter taking Seth by the
shoulders and planting him in a scat cloc to
the stove, where he wa in such a manner
cornered in by the boxes and barrels that,
whilo the grocer stood befbro him, thcro was
no possibility of getting out, and right in
this very place sure cnongh the store-keeper
eat down.
"Scth, we'll have a little warm Santa
Cruz," said the Green Mountain grocer eo
he opened the stove door, and stuffed in as
many sticks as it would admit without
it you'd freeze going home such a night as
this."
Setli already felt the butter settling down
closer to his hair, and he jumped up, declar
ing he must go.
"Not till you hac something warm, Soth;
Seth, come, I've got a story to tell you, "and
Seth was again rushed into his scat by his
cunning tormentor.
"Oh it's so hot here,", said the petty
thief, attempting to rie.
"Sit down tlon t tie in sued a tiurry, re
torted the grocer, pushing him into his
chair.
"But I've got the cows t fulder, nnd the
wood to split, and 1 must be going," said
the persecuted chap.
'But you musn'c tear yourself away. S.'th.
in this manner. it dow n, let the c ws tako
care of themselves, nnd keep yourself cool;
you appear to be n little fidgetty," said the
roguish grocer with a wicked leer.
Tho next thing w:ui the produe-ti.m of two
smoking glasses ol hot toddy, the cry siht
of which, in ScthV present situation, would
have made the hair stand erect upon his
head had it not been well i ilod and kept down
hv the butter
':wth. I will give you a trnst, now, and
jou can butter it yourself." said the gn
ccr. with an air of sm li eon-umniate sim
plicity, that poor S.tli b.-lieted himself l.n-Huspce-tcd.
"Seth. here's here's it ('hri-i-tnas
goose, well rossted. eh I tell you it's
the irreateht catinj; in creation. And Seth,
ilon't you t.cvcr use hug's Lit or e iinmon
butter to baste- it with; come, t.:ke your but
ter 1 nuan take your t' dily."
Poor Sjth now liet.in to sm ike as well .i
melt, and his mouth was hermetically sealed
up, as though he had !-cn horn dumb.
Streak al'te-r streak of the butter c line pour
ing from under his h.it. and his handker
chief was already soaked with the greasy
overflow. Talking away as if nothing w.is
the matter, the Inn luving grocer kept stall
ing wooi int i the stoc, while poor Seth -at
upright w Kb iiis bick iigainst the counter
and Ins J.neee touching the red hot furnace
licforc
Cold bight, this." miJ i i.e grocer.--Why
Scth, vou se-cni to perspire an i! v mi were
warm hy don't you Like yi nr h.it i tl
Here, let mc put your hit away
"No." exclaimed poor Seth, atl"t No.
I miirt g let me out. I ain't w.ll; lit li.c
o."
A greasy e"atnrai t was n w pmrindown
the poor man's face and neck, niul soaking
into his lothes. and tricLling d iwn his I, ly
into his boots, so that he was htci .!ly m a
bath of oil.
"Well, good night, eth, said the hn-i -r
uus Ycrmontcr, --if vou will ir iiic.i j
ns he darted out ol
reckon the fun I In.
ninejietses. I -i
piund i i i r 'i
ho.
Set
i is w
for
Bi'.liiijs.' Widsom.
irt'i t' tin
M ti ittl.
k r'- t
:t in:.
V) i i
the l i
i am .i
he i
piitv.
'i'lur
I'lnnt t'n i.
cr n a barn
and m 'in tew
Cunnin. .it
uf widuiii t'n
t
Avai.i-ft (uki
Nemphn to. 1-
-tory
Lit in'Uy ivun
Iivea on the K lit i'n r
I'nt pun in t
firp-t the rtnH
tttitiunj MTi'i
uit to the d b
IU l I M K t!i(
head and i he.
id
-r I tlcgi,
i v. n.ld r.'-o
it v in not ncr
.it 1
e-v- irv
e J.'0
in.. r.iht tl.e
k h.'gm t cease.
ll.i
forgo
hdd
e es
i-U-ed and i
j .ii n- were
sleep. 'I he motl'.r, who watched incessantly
at her daughter's '-com Ic. thought that bc
forc morning all woull lc well, but thi-t
was not the e.i-e. The ghl awoke before five
o'clock the next in-- mug and began to cry
in a most lamentable nmnnct Her mother
inquired fir the i-ow of tin.. The daughter
replied that she id ;i teriblc j-am in her
right arm hr f. t n thoun inething
was sticking In r tiierc from the way hhe j
suffered it w.i .it 1 i-t concluded to send for'
a doctor- the pIiYHcian came about nine
o'clock and ordered nunc liniment to ltc rub
licd on the painful arm. The next morning
the doctor came again, asking Mary, for that
was the chii n-iimc, to show her ana.
They pcrcciwd right below the bhoulder
three very small sp its. shining as steel would.
Touching them, found they were very
hard. Ihc girl's m ithcr then remarked
that these dots l.),,kcd like the heads f
needles. T'.e d K tor could not believe that
tharc was such :i thing in M.iry's arm;
however, to rie.iuM'ic mother he applied a
small pair of pinchers to one of the spots.
Mow imagine the surprise of those present
when he pulled out o( the flcbh three needles,
which formed the three spots upon the arm.
Hut this is not the en 1. The physician con
tinued his ucits tlnocmore mornings, ex
tracting each morning two nitre needles.
Alter this Mary's pains passed away
and now she is as well as any of us. Can
some scientific brain explain how needles
found their way inu the arm of this little
girl, who endured ho much suffering If a
crank was attached to such a girl, wouldn't
she make a capital sewing machine?
Mark Twain on Goon Little Girls. Good
little girls ought not to make mouths at their
teachers for every trifling ollcnce. This re
taliation should only resorted to under
ceuliarly aggravated circumstances. If you
hac nothing but a rag doll bluffed with saw
dust, while one of your inoro fortunate little
playmate has a costly chin i one, you should
treat her with a show of kindness, neverthe
less. And you ought not to attempt to make
a forcible swap with her unless your con
science would justify you in it, and you know
you arc able to do it. Vou ought never to
take your little brother's "chewing-gum1
away from him by main force it is better to
rope him in with tho promise cf the first two
dollars and a lialf you find floating down the
river on a grind-stone. In the artless simpli
city natural to his time cf life, he will regard
it aa a perfectly fair transaction. In all ages
of the world this eminently plausible fiction
has lured the obtuse infaut to financial ruin
and disaster. If at any time you find it
necessary to correct your brother, do not cor
rect him with mud never, cn any account,
throw mud at him, because it will spoil his
clothes. It is better to scald him a little, for
then yuu attain decirablc results. You secure
bis immediate attention to the lessons you
arc inculcating, and at the same time your
hot water will have a tendency to remoro
impurities from his person, and poiMr the
skin, in spots. If your mother tells you to
do a thing, it ii wrong to reply that you
won't. It is better and more becoming to
reply that you will do as she bids you, and
then afterward act quietly in the matter ac
cording to the dictates of your best judgment
Vou should ever bear in mind that it is to
your kind parents that you arc indebted fur
BDELINGTON, VT., FRIDAY
food, and your nice bed, and for your beau
tiful clothes, and for the privilege of staying
home from school when you let on that you
arc sick. Therefore you. ought to respect
their litle prejudices, and humor their little
whims, nnd put up with their fuitics until
they get u crowding you to much. Good
little girls always show marked deference to
the aged. Y'ou" ought never to "saEs" old
people unless they "sass" you first.
A farmer in Danbury, Con., one day last
week saw a boy stealthily leaving his premises
with an amply filled pillow-case dragging be
hind. The gentleman knev tho boy had
something in that log, and stole up in his
rear and popped right djwn on it seat first,
ltwasnot untila half pintof excellent oint-'
mcnthad licen rubbed in that he becamo suffi
ciently composed t explain to bis wife that
tho vicious young thief had left tho buns on
those chestnuts.
The cr.ee beautiful garden of thoTuileries,
with its well-kept paths and gay parterres:
"has Itcen so cut up by tho cannon placed
there during the Commune, that tho main
walk and that around the basin are impassa
ble. The whole place ia littered with frag
ments uf broken tables and chairs Tho tree
are dying one after anothor and arc not be
ing replaced.
A little girl who loves to pray, one night
was cry tired aad sleepy, and waa getting
into her little bed without saying her pray
crf. Hut her mamma told her to kneel down
LrM .aid pray. So she folded her little hands,
and sail. "Please, God, remember what
little PolHe said last night: she's ho tited to
night Amen."
t'ormijpjQilcnoe uf the N. V. Tr.' nn.
The Burned City.
THK MI.IIT SIlO OF ClltCtOO, AS -Ft". UV JtBS
II Y. A ORtrUlC PICITBE J
ILt: tun is beginning to fi I with jethe'ic j
sight-seers. The arlista of the illustrated papers i
rested ateterycoigoeof vantge, sketching j
for dear life against the closing of the mail. Pho-
tofripbm, alarmed by the prorpeot of fpeeJy
ttcoLstructioii, are training their camera upon i
ivti-y unprotected point of picturesque ruin.
Tney are sure cf a ready sale ot all the shadow?
they can ee.ze in thre daye. TbTe has rarely i
tHn offered to the pitting adnriratiou f men a j
collection r.f pictures of more poignant tip-iuty j
If one coul 1 .Jifet himself of all feelings i f sy m- I
pithy and j ain be coul 1 gin from these smok-
tug (jur the fiorst intellectual ei. jot meat. I
Mut.ntuaoua as the gray stretch of desolatmu j
appeals at first, tbc longer you look and linger j
trie more this uniformity of character and color
hrks up and reveals to you an infimtr
study of lints and forms. 'f cou:s lfcee
ruins lack the consecration fthica h cym
with the course cf ages to the fplitensJ mem t
h:he of Tbebe and the gnawed plmths of Pac
turn Hut ia there nut an cqnal if not greater
human interest m rurveying these brand new
eW.s ff a great city, and reflecting that the
I hr- i ti- le fr n ur -jnij atr-r in tl.' 1
s nun' tii,. t-'Jt Tt lay h. i:. I
1 -i i'hi ih i k tU urt.e ih.iit;:i's wlin'ii t 'a" 1
r;ro- 'i ,n tofe'i k:i ictl'i1 I rje':- 1
utii.-. t an 1 Iniik ant 1 e ar. 1
C Rl! i
li e ,an 1 n k 'h wi i k !r.-1 H wh
huliiiihi'v iik-'ii p'j i fie I'isr
J mij w1' ii i- 1 ke-l up .ii n- ni has t 'i
tn ktci, .irper. '.e u-tc t wr w win ii'ii li r
o:i was t.-i I jdt then in 1 1 i; n
ii wi.t-n tl ry v. !ft i n ih1 ialt ne
tl e i r !vi Ma f i he j y v I li-alt t u' pi i
t n; j .'i t s vmn mi t'tir IJ hr y i
i h. it thin' 'Hip 'it j weeks, t i'. i u. i a: I
i jr.rMf.ni ilecay that ireov s
c. r n an I y i rtl-ct wit'i a -'i 11 ti
irj -Mh j j kn w ly hiirt i
n ",i k'i iw 'i nc iu s:v 1 1 st a
rar n t f -mi.1 zc, anl th i n
t. m v. i h f ft i i hwa fc a- 1 'ti
i,t r- a: i r i: th U..ur ai r
i r t j I'.'P Ri ivi
.1; i.'trt iuja wn jinp y .i ar
i i .i t m i i -t I ru f .s n t
I
i rv r
-t
u r t i f
I f. ,lit l hi t D !Q tl.tr 1 tl II
s i nil.-' h -v Iti n hea t f i;t.ju.r Vim' "j
t at n.t I w u 1 1 ni' i f I ncic ar 1 .rt r
i, n i v :iiiin -.i-Laf'e i i.f It
ti x k ut tw'.e h ir- t .r'Ui. -h
th rk X1' t1 t' was i t1 af'i"- "it wn the
at. i --wri'i i f r!a". c!-an nz ao-:' tt tl
'hi tir 1 ,t 1 r i 1 V u t cie In- l- e
I n i t'i n 1 h c n't at. Je I "p
I ir Tit- an 1 s p ht 1 t trt "v r h I'
p f i- ko i.u if t urf t -V ti 'a- t
uar i r ntttr' Ii-Ti t rtit- f h'- i.
W4j,.sfla( i." prvat ti.-.c, 1 m urj imii
t t a 'ho n m a-e t or ii t
In t t f--;y tri. M t t :i.e
ih- f t-i 'o e htp i a cn-1 Iu i im ni
nai. i in wi1 J i tti- i itoni I! ip a-f h
Kir. i 'r.' t i- w n ii. tif I' u-t I! 4- o
I itt' t i u i Jt? tirt-pri.of V i U i -eirruti.r.
th ly'i 'y a ritn i.i ii u- V
fi IT hfir lutrtr-',l ir.'l t Wllf TT t
tli luM-ni-r .f 1.'.. tun 1 w tli tL
i the ei tral r Z'oti J h.cat;.- (ei
t t xis i u ran I 'i thru iiT it t the f r
wu'p t t!.e N irtli I'.v-tn In niany ace
tin k! 1 grinitt hi raoAt 1 l 1 ree 1-1 i.i gvat
i!iki. .kest'iLC n i. if fr- Ihc iron fi-t-a
a"e part'y nir t 1 nn 1 irt'y tw -e i
i f I starti uz cn t -1 uei.f" h ivc h-a
i r ii n-, i w ..s ir an i w r f
wn In 1 an 1 tw stt I m nz t e sm u! 1 r.n
a-'n t i eel m ii'n a f ol "nm t tiirtt I
t 1 ven tht Li. e prtl ,i it tr-e .iff ivp- u
ip my t i" U; Tt ert 1 tf a 1. a:e 1 rt'.
war i f I at. i hem, like a iharajter which hs t.
tt i te:; pt itt n W.th -i witful ,ns .f tf tq er
1 iie-t deta Is we hwv Uf n I ern-.ttfl t ite lur
r ii c 'Ihjs fir although the pn iine'i rs s-e
eirer i hegin the.r w r of rpeonstruc ion. tin
licit water has thu far male it tup (m'
.,'udc''. the sm ul lenng I'imes. f that thf
eli mmor of t'i" hr Iai lj-a: hanps a.'
atdic i.e ruhlih t, I the air'" tut id
i tht
il.o
Niirp.nt 4 1 J (i -iie When inh n-me t
-tr .t nc an 1 U atititul tranffi riiiVn n w w u.'n'
inth'-itip Lt ry (7i;.in sine 1 hv Koi
btriv 1 hav rtaiiht! nth inert t tt .i.tirest
t s m ir iluiis nnd fcf mating ehan.M the
-mi fin'ts ih.wn .n the prarie. and the night wmJs
cnif in irom the lake, this sleeping fire rouses
and stirs in its slumber like a woman who shakes
on" the day.s decorum, and Wishes at the coming
of ber lover. The vast ignited coal beds n the
shore ot the river throw red greetings to each
other through the gathering thadows. The dark
ners slowly vails the lines of shattered wall,
and one by one through the gloom twinkle ut
the delicate blue flames that spring from the
anthracite coal boxes of the burned mansions.
They are so blue, and fine, and fragile, that
they seem like forget-me-nots gemming the dusky
field. They are very persistent, though. They
have been pouring tons of water through the
sidewalk upon one ismll deposit in front of Gov.
Il roe s's residence, and yet at night it blooms as
bluely ani vigorously as if it were refreshed by
the watering. As the darkness deepens, the
show increase in brilliancy, until, by a most
lovely effsct of rejection, the UuebUze from the
unquenched fires strikes the clouds of smoke
that bang over the city, and tarns them
a brilliant rose. The pillar of cloud becomes a
pillar of fire, and all at once the dead lustre of
this reflected light falls back upon the ruins and
brings them out into pale and singular distinct
ness It is not popsible to imagine anything
more tenibly beautiful tbantlm wild commerce
of the fire and the darkness. From my window
I see the whole sweep of the vast illumination.
On the left a coal heap stretches beyond the
river like a hore of fire; a boat on this side is
blackly painted athwart the blaze. The sky is
fluehed with the flame and mottled with driving
clouds, and against it loom the ragged ani torn
walla of the Pacific Hotel, the sturdy arch cf
the First Presbyterian Church, and further to
the right the broken outlines of the Court
House, far more reverend and graceful than
ever in their forlorn incompleteness. All along
the red horizon the coal heaps blaze and the sky
is on lire, and the (harp angles of broken walls,
and the dim stems ot black chimneys like mina
rets arc drawn sharply on the crimson back
ground. I do cot know if it could be within
the reach of painting to give any hint of the un
utterable magic cf this spectacle. No sunset
was ever so rosy as that smoky iky. Ho frost
castle built on a window-pane outof a child's
breath was ever more delicate than those fantas
tic ruins flung like tatteied lace against the
drifting clouds. On the extreme right, jast
within the yellow blaze cf the light that guards
the breakwater, the great Central elevator tow
ers above the shore shrugging its vast shoulders
over the desolation, contemplating its mirrored
bulk by the flickering blaze of its fallen compan
ion. After all this revel of form and color it is
relief too look to the Eaet where Lake Michigan
lies in his night dress of mist, and whirpers as
peacefully to the sandy beach as be did in the
days before Columbus, and as he will in the days
after Jonathan.
The crowning evil cf all times of tumult and
disaster is mspicinn. We cannot burn witches
now, nor tear dut the tongues of Jews for imagi
nary crimes. But we cannot shoot old women
for pumping petroleum if we are Parisians, and
we can resurrect them in back alleys if we live
in Chicago. That famous Southwestern verdict,
which attributed a suicide to accidence, inci
dence, and the acts of the incendiary," seems tc
haTe posiessed the Chicago fancy; and though
they do not positively hang or shoot their petro
leur population, they say they do In their news
papers, and occadionally eeiza a shivering vaga
bond whom they find sku'kingon the sunny side
of a barn, and drag h:m before Gen. Sheridan
for trial. Luckily this sagacious soldier baa a
cool bead and an honest judgment, and
insists on better evidence thsn poverty
and dirt to hang a man, and the conse
quence is that not one case of incendiar
ism has been shown at headqaiHers. Them
have been two or three fires in regard to
which the cry cf incendiarism was promptly
MORNING, NOVEMBER
I
their accidental cnaracter. The irencral cusp.
cud, however, his resulted in the establishment
of aa institution which is altogether laudable as
long as the embers cf the cocllagratioa remain
alive. A patrol of citizens has been formed in
every block, and they all do sentry duty at state!
hours. Every man out at night without cause,
finds it a little inconvenient to cive repeated ac
counts of himself, and this of itself is productive
of the domestic virtues. The rule is certainly
admirable in its application to that portion of
the twilight population which always comes to
the surface at tuch hoars. In the dij-tioe
you may see thtm douching about ft abash
avenue, where their meal faces and hang
dog air are never seen in ordinary times.
It would certainly not te prudent to give the
city up to them, and so at night they are kept
in their own haunts on the West Side. It is
at ton is u ing to sec how simple and provincial
Chicago has becurae. Standing eentry is posi
tively the only recreation of men of the world.
There are no clubs, bo restaurants, notbeitree,
no libraries There is no need of going out if
ycu go, a wali falls on you by way of warning.
A little while ago, a I sat here writing, I heard
a IouJ crash, and looking out, I saw that the
high wall of Mr. Scam moo's bouse hal f alien. A
furious gale was blowing from the south and
roaring among the rains. As I looked another
wall came sprawling over the tide walk. Aa the
white dust roe and fled away with the wiul, I
heard a pitiful cry, Help, over dere A man's
got his leg broke. A dozen persons ran from
the hotel, and brrusht ia a poor German, who
was watching the building, anU had imprudently
taken shelter from the wind under the wall.
After he was tifeij bestoed, I stood for a ao
meU at il e window looking vet t ward at the
fii.c arch of the Prvsby:eritt church, clenrly and
richly dt fined against lb re! glow of the sky.
Full in my sight it ttterd, parted with a doll
rep.rt, and tumble 1 fjrwrd into the street. The
gale increased in tiolcu the pale, shadowless
light Mel from the city as the wind drove
away the illuminated clou Is. The blackness of
ntM winch had been hanging in lha eastern
hunr n swept in over tht- lake tu the town. The
wtvinifT wind wa thuk w i!i liu.e dust and
sparks ut tire. Tuc blue rlacies of the anthra
cite t, umed more gaily, looking now like the
wi'ch watih-firr tn some unusually tempestuous i
WalpurgVtt'gbt. A gvntlemau with a white j
cravat and a r.! ie-L. fact knocks, ant requests,
wtifa tin c r.ipha'tr.ta ot the authorities, that
lights any ts put out and the windows closed
Anlfot with a gtle (aiming tne catm
,..u, list. Mem, and the inMrnitient ratilf
tit 1 i 'U'lif, remia Itn.r an art.lbry
iitr -Lfwe i two x' -ent n ii'ijtd "ariaiis
Fact and Fancy.
iae i -i jit.g cf autt -;ris u convicts passing
tnrcuh Tap'tr t fioure, Ktchim.ad, ttoie a pair
of fin1 fruri thr basket of a gping specta-
t r
A 1. 1 rpecUtc r overturi.td a ehtir in the
i and leraooer couri-rrrj, whereupon
.1 i Jge tiarnti I, rsbtiVed such rivkU-ssne with
the adaioi.it i n, He careful and do not break
that chair, as it has already cost the city 100,.
UJi to repair it." .A. V. Tnbun.
There is a pathetic illustration if th-c :i
staccy uf !ef id oneof cur Western Htatrs. in
i r iL i no ape-l couple who have been en
jra" It 1 1 i 1 ;1 thirty years, aad during
r it T'i. i i r len out of jail together
Iinj-iu .ii ceremony soleunizl.
i n i wi as charged outrageously
'lis h" t h fiie, did a bi: of justice
t to drive him to a p"! re
fat ito custody.
1 i -l -.id Aht tf Paris
colors.
:r.-U' t y, Pfnn while wr.nc-
r a r -.iiiidle through the puV.
n an I ve minutes.
t f resident Porter in New
,u- mt Domine Mlvum fac
t C- i i 1 Lord make our pre
h t T n n which was slightly
i- I w i msnie it4 Domine
t 1 rtrum," O L r 1
i a 1 'ght won't go into
i i if ver. Many ayoung
t t .i i p 1 trying to get a num-
thought he Would
t i fx- A it was goin?. He
-i .i v rite with hi left
tr
j a hearty kin tu a
i i i i z f 1 at the horses mute ok
the- I -i i he whip iand started
t j of Ihe veh.cle, forti:-
i i age-
ir i highest place oi the
.''a-Aar. t" 1 to one cf the d. i!.k-
V i "t 1 a Nihi ;n baa dinppeaied, and
i i Athbury has taken r.
lie t- t hume without some kind
a ii,
Anna Dickinson the
1 j phalanx whereupon
t r that she's the mis-ch ef
i- i
1 n w i i.o, and not know, vege
u n i would know, and n t
1
ff b J3 P
ru 1 i t tff has not been able
ir.Tf i a: r on any one subject since,
1 r i y the shock, as one m;ght
plaW.-d in hrr nest w II
i g hen
1 is of an old ml jitter ,u his
1. I at Peacham, Vt., with the
i n r ihe cracks behind him, and
it'
i cold, and siys, If, in such
Ttain locality, more frequent
.c pulpit then than now, sem
l Me plice -a account of its
Iv U.i
el a'
wan
I.i
I; w ler
f i W Jibuti's corretpondenis signs
.'9, theleni'cally, and pantagrue
crically Sbo, now
i- Titf.unt editorially announces
t i m hundred adlitional brick and
naroia can find employment iu Chicago
tiirong'i tf.e wm, or at from to a day, and
that 2,o carpenters cm find emph.ymcnt I
thruuh the winter at hih wagea Also, work-
ers in wood and ir n, plumhets, gas fitters ani
all kind. of meu! w rkers will be wanted
r.etv jvirin! has been started in England in
the tohico mterw, not as the organ of the
trade, but devote 1 to the literature of smoking.
It will discuss all matters connected with that
bad habit from c .loring a pip (to
igarrtte.
wranning a
A story is told of a widow in Chicago (but it
had better I St. Louie or New York now) who
published an advertisement asking every Chris
tian in the city" to send her ten cents, as the
amount would not oppress tbem, and the collection
would benefit her greatly For a wonder .the eUsa
called upon did contribute as requested, and the
widow realized twenty cents.
Woman's rights have progressed so fr ia Tur- I
key that a wife who ceases to be attractive now
has the choice tetween bow-stringing and drown
ing iu a sack The concession is regarded with
grave apprehensions among the conservative.
Friday afternoon a young lady sitting at a
front window, toeing in her hand what might
have bien a ball of white yarn, attracted the at
tention of a middle-aged chap on the street,
whose gal' intry prompted him to bold up his
hands for a catch. The interest eha displayed in
hurling it down tn him was no deeper than what
he showed in catching it, although, as several
who saw the performance charitably remarked,
no one could have known that the egg was a bal
one.
A New Yorker who went down to Stndy Hook
en a &tesmtr, io bil some friends good-bye, was
forgotten by the pilot beat, and had to gt to
Europe.
A Salem, N. H., boy burnt a barn worth S2o,
(M by shooting under the hay mow at a 20 cent
woodchuck. and he J id n't hit him, either.
Theodore Tiltcn is giving a lecture on Home,
sweet home." to audiences who are led to wish he
would stick to his subject.
The Episcopal Convention at Baltimore, while
rechoiring the tunes ef the hymn-book, is said
to have also required 293 spittoons.
Cincinnati has an apparatus for consuming
ber own smoke. A paper in envious Louisville
says "If she would now take another stride
and consume her own whiskey, we might point
to her with pride.'
An East India personal We are very glad
to learn that the marriage cf Mr. Roghoonath
das Madhowdas, a Kupcla Bania merchant of
Bombay, with Dhunccorbal, the daughter of
Shet Gudhurdas Mohundas, and the widow o
Luchmichand Dharumiey, was celebrated at
Cbinchpoogly.' Jaws hurt much?
Who is that foreign lily with the low-cut
dress?" asked a bystander at a party. "That
is Miss rbemitotT, Russian lady, was the re
ply. Henry Ward Btecher says that the roost grat
ifying circumstances in his life was being kissed
by Kccsuth. A cotemporary asks Isn't this
a little hard on poor Mrs. Beccher?
A Chicago young lady writes to her lover
postponing the wed ling a year, and remarks
that he would be surprised to see ber after the
fire, from which she emerged with a wardrobe
consisting of a pair of pantaloons, one slipper,
an 1 a water-proof. After that suit the youth
fail. d to press his. He, too, is a Chicigo suf
ferer. If I were suddenly asked to give a proof cf
the goodness cf God to us, 1 think I should say
that it Is meet manifest in the exquisite differ
ence He has male between the souls of women
and men, so as to create the possibility of the
most comfortable ami charming companionship
that the mind of man can imagine. Atthur
Ifelj.
10, 1871.
Slavery in Vermont.
ftOSI THE TOWS SECoaDS or COISISGTON
CE-vrar, tt.
Headqcaeterb, Paclet, Nov. 23, 1777. To
trAom U may concern Know ye, whereas,
Dinah Mattis, a negro woman, with Nancy, her
child of two months old, was taken prisoners on
Lake Champlaiu with the British troops some
where near Col. Oilnen's patent, the 12th day
cfiast. November, by a scout under my com
mand, and according to a resolve formed by the
honorable Continental Congress, that all prison
ers belonging to the captivators thereof, there
i fore she and her child become the jast property
cf the captivators thereof.
I, being conscientious that it is not tight in
the sight of Gad to keep slaves, therefore obtain
ing leave of the detachment under my comm and
togiveheraad her child their freedom, I do
therefore give the said Dinah Mattis ani Nancy
her child their freedom to pass and repass any
where through the United States of America
with her behaving as beeometh, aad to trade
and traffic for herself and child as though she
were free born, without being arrested by any
person or persons.
In witness whereunto I have set my hand and
subscribed my name. EbsEblzzh Allex,
Captain ia Col. IlcnrickV regiment of
Green Mountain Boys.
SLAV EOT HAD KO LEGAL EXISTESCE.
(From the Vermont SUatUni.)
The following letter from the Hon. L. C. Kel
logg upon the subject cf slavery in Vermont ill
be read with interest
The first article of the Declaration of Rights
in the first Constitution of Vermont, framed in
July, 1777, was intended ami always understood
as an absolute prohibition cf the existence of
slavery within the limits of the state. This ar
ticle ban always remained a part of the Consti
tution of the state, and this state was the jlr-,1
of alt the American states which abohehed
slavery by its Constitution. At the time when
our first Constitution was framed, slavery ex
isted in all the New England colonies, and it is
undoubtedly true that among the early settlers
of Vermont were some who had owned slaves in
CoLuecticut or Massachusetts, and who, on
cumtng to Vermont, brought their slaves with
them, and claimed to holt, and did actually
hold, such slaves in this state These instances
were undoubtedly few but there never was
any legislative action which recognized the law
ful exi-rsnce of slavery within the limits of the
state. On the contrary, the act entitled An
4,et tJ preien the transportation if negroes and
nvi at. e ont of the state," passed at the ses
sion ht-M at Rutland in October, lTti, declare
I in rs preimbte that the i lea of slavery is ex-
prrHdy and ttvally exploded fr.im our free gov-
eminent."
The IW. Mr Jennings the present minser
of the first church in Bennington in his Ben
nington Memrials of a Century," (p. I
says tnat the Rev, David Avery, who was the I
seccrJ minister rf that church (I7?"-17M,)
brought with hi family to town a colored j
woman, and he ins stcd on hid right t hold her
as ta slave This was one, of the moat serious cl- j
jectioas nrgeu against him, and which create
much dissatisfaction in the church. Bat the
persons dissatisfied on th s account appear to
have been in the m-yerlty. tine wlm ha 1 been
for years an active and intluertial member r.f
the church, being frt-)'itntly on important com
mitters, having bis childien baptized etc., was
placed under church difjiplice during the
ministry of Mr Avery fr withdrawing hime!f
from its communion, for afhrminf the position
that it would commune with a brother who
mizht have a slave. Some live years afterward
this brother was excommunicatel tjr continuing
in his rtfaaal to walk with the church. Nothing
of an immoral character appear to have been
alh ged against him he con mur-l to be respect
el as an upright c t z n.
Mr. Avery was a nativ. cf Canne2t:eut,
gmluate rf Vale (17'- m, and previous to his
ettttlement in B?r.m-)?tnn he bad b?en a settled
minister in Massachusetts, an I also a chaplain
in the Revoluticoaey army
There ia an interest uncase reported io the sec
ond volume ffTjlrr's Rep irts in rejpeot to the
lawfulness of huluiasr slavt .n Vermont, (Select
men of Windsor vs. Jacob, Tyler's Reports, p.
I "A heard and decide 1 by the Supreme Court
ia yxur count v at its Auzutt Term in 1M'.
Thii case km argued by th- lata? Judge Huobard 1 nioonts to the window siU. H.s whole form ap
of Windsor, an! the late Hon. Charles Marsh of 1 pears, naked to the shirt, an 1 his white limbs
Tour town, toh fremcst among the eminent gleam against the dark wall in the bright light
lawyers of the state, and long recjjrnized leaders
of your bar In that case it wad held that thcugh
a citizen of the state purchase a slave and take a
bill of sale.whicb, ty the law of the state where
.t was executed, was va'ad, yet. if he rexove such
slave into this sta'e the lit 1 of eaY Vecome in
operative, and no t.hliga mn attache- to the pur
chaser to support such slave, though becom eg
a pauper This was the first (an 1 I believe the
only cue in whijn ihf s-j-t of slaveiy l-eeame
a subject fur discu5 t .n the Supreme Court of
this star?
Boettn, Sep .n71.
It m I'.e R-eht s.cr laTAi.
All Hallow Eve.
Burn's p.era of Halloween" w,.i probably
preserve thrvuehut the wt,rld the w! 1 tradit.ons
connectel with this them", fur ae ifier the
practices it celebrates have died cu iu Scuttand.
et the old cbservatu a t f the tt-tival having
its roots in social er j yment and in superstition,
rrftsetsfs perbir mt vi'ahtv than e would
care to confess tt wma seas- n set apart for
1
them!1 ltttr ,f ,h lp!eof 1
one neitihburhv.1 in the nrt j 'ace t. j .ymtnt
wis to re secure I ind .t was pursul in all
sorts cf games, the more bntstero'is the better.
The class uf tuple, who wore must demoted to
the ctU-bra: i-ii, tt.nj neither rich crreficed,
their res. ur e f.r ai,iuei!.ent Wt r s.mple and
far frm ot'y. i'e luxuries of II a' low Eve
have from tm.e imrueaii.: .a! bet :i nuts and ap
ples The latter w,re n t carelessly U'stowed.
Thry were to i e e. ught and won by individual
boldness and dexterity under ridiculous nazards.
to the great de ight of the coupanv Numbers vtiivi Ii;eb im ro& Beluxoeb Chica
of fine. Urge, re l-cbeeked apples were set float- go letter gives the following One more build
tug for instance in a tub cf cold water, ani the
most adventurous young people present knelt on
th rim acd bol ling their precarious position by
the aid of their hands on each side, ducke t after
the te-nptmg fruit, snapping vigorously to fas'
en their teeth in ihem. It i- ay tn i iapice the
result of such 1 usiness as this T:uly such a
pastime t u the last uiht io. ctov-er wuld re-
mre a hanln r rce rt p. p'e thn ourlves to
eniow u. An herf. ie deviet was to aet an
apple m ouimdI of a ytiek an I a Itghtel can lie
m the uth.-r. ani then susnenl the inurnment
from -a string, balancing n in the mi Id 'p. The
stick coul 1 then hf :tt raj idly whirl ng and if
there was any tery huogry man or boy present
he might step forward and catch what Le could
in his mouth ?ometimr ih- apple, but more
comniunly the tactile, fins muet hw been a
nice play for the man that kept the machinery
in motion and for th looker on fbese in
stances wiil serve to illustrate the perverse in
genuity speut upon the amusements of Holland
tide
Doubtless some of the many tests to 1 tried
on Hallow eve, such a pulling cabbage stalks,
were grotesque method of keeping up fun
among young people on &u ever agreeable sub
i-J'f hilt flliiv .if th lr.-atitti. it si o-n
nr..... th i.n.rtt-rt nf fntn JJ,. w.
entered upon with fear ani trembling. People
ose-1 to nave a more acute sense of the reality
and personality of the devil than they hae
now. fhe charms practiced are well known and j
mvi uniy ur huhucu io. so anow i c name or
one's wife or husband it wss only nccefary to
take a ball of yarn, proceed to a kiln aad throw
in the bill, retaining one end of the thrcaJ.
Wind up ihe yarn until it was held, and then
ask Who holds?" An Irish echo would re
turn the all important name. Eating an apple
before a looking-glass an 1 holding a caudle in
your hand meanwhile was faaid to be a sure
method of bnnging your future husban I or
what is sometimes the same thing, the devil, to writing, tiger bead and Ctlcstial symbols. An
look over your shoulder. A very ghostly per- aisle was formed by swords stuck in the floor, oa
formance was to go into a barn, after previously j each side of which the brethren stationed them
taktng both doors off the hinges, and winnow j selves, and allowed the Hi-yee muck a-mcek to
imaginary grain three times; the specter of your i pass to bis seat cn Ihe platform. Swords were
future spouse, with his or her appropriate re- I clanked over bis head, and a lot of un.nteiligi-
tince of attendants would then come in at the
windy doorway and walk through. Any lady
wishing to settle to her own satisfaction the
question aa to whom she shall marry, may to-day
take a handful cf hemp tnel, steal out un per
ceived and scatter it laying: "Hemp eeed I
sow thee; he that is to be my true love come
after me and pull thee." Look over your left
shoulder ani you will see the man cf men there
in the attitude cf pulling hemp if he isn't he
deserves to wear hemp for a handkerchief. La
d if s, by rising that night in a ocstumemore inter
esting than elaborate and pouring melted lead
through a key into coll water, may see what
manner of men they are going to wed, if they
can't find cut in any ether way. Any young
woman desirous to seethe counterfeit present
ment of the man who in the future is to pay her
dry goods bills, should proceed, like the widow
described by Burns, to a spring cr brook where
three torus lands or tewns lands meet, and dip
into the water the left sleeve of that article of
apparel corresponding to the Roman lady's tuni
ca interior, the same part of her dress to which
Othello likens Dfsdemona's complexion when
contemplating her after her death, a garment
which only a very shiftless woman would go
without. After getting borne, hang the afore
said garment on a chair before the fire aad re
tire. Towards midnight the apparition of the
coming man will, as in duty bound, step forth
and turn the sleeve. The test by selecting blind
fold from three plates containing earth, a ring
and water, to see whether the grave, marriage
or a voyage over the sea ia to be your fate with
in the year, was also common.
In conclusion It may be said that although we
cannot explain with any degree of clearness the
origin of the peculiar customs of Hallow Ere,
yet the name cf the night acd the came of its
observance are well known it is the eve of tee
first of November, the vigil of the Catholic ft- I blunder into that view of it you may find it ex
tival of Alt Saints, a holy day vrry solemnly ob- tremely ditHcult to set bim right. We have
served by that church. She has set apart dur- reason to believe that we are supported ia this
ing the year a memorial day for each of the opinion by Mr. Edward Kelly, of this city, but
great leaders and heroes of the church militant as Mr. Kelley is at the hospital, suffering from
such as Peter, Paul and Francis. The single I five gashes with a bowie-knife, we have fore
anniversary cf All Saints' Day is set aside in I borne to personally consult him.
NUMBER 20.
commemoration cf the triumph of the nameless,
numberless good men ani women who havo
made up the rank and file of that army, those
unnumeratedjthousanda cf the children of Israel
ani that fgreat multituJe of all nations and
tribes and people and 4ongue described in the
Apocalypse as standing before the throne of the
Lamb clothed in white robes with palms ia their
hands.
Fire Proof Buildings.
The Chicago fire has proved that so-called
fireproof buildings may retard the progress of a
great fire, bat cannot prevent its onward march,
when ence it has gathered sufficient power in
the destruction of wooden buildings. The pow
er of concentrated heat upon etone, bricks aad
iron is little appreciate! by those who rely upon
these materials as security from burning. The
writer was in the city cf Troy at the great fire of
and had an opportunity of witnessing the
efTectoffire upon several supposed fire proof
buildings, which stood in the direct line or the
a 1 vane rag flame. The heat was blown upon
these building! with alnxat the intensity of a
blast furnace. The wrough iron shutters, which
were depended upon to protect the windows,
curled up and warpel, exposing the glass be
neath, which soon broke or melted, or it soppor
ted by wooden sashes, was almost instantly
dropped from the frairts. Then the flames
found admission to the buildings, which soon
yielded It was notice 1 particularly that cast
iron actually seemed to burn, and e have little
doubt that in many cae there was actual barn
ing of the metal the same effect being produced
as would be upon the bottoms of cast iron kettles
ploccd over the fire and containing hot sand.
Nearly every one knos that when cost iron is
raised to a red beet, it speedily oxidizes or burns.
The extensive use of this material is therefore
not the best practice in readering buiidinga fire
proof. In the Troy fire, it was seen that even
the supposed fire-proof sales burned in most
cases when they were not protected by masonry.
At the Sre at London Bridge, which took place
in the Summer of INU, the realy yielding of
east iron columns, beams and cirders was
specially noticed, and formed the subject of an
article in the London Iivwic. The tic is, that
cast iron is no more to be dependel oa than
wood when standing amidst a really great fire.
Wrought iron does better, but it too has impor
tant defects, among which is its expansibility
ander heat, which, when it u used in conjunc
tion with masonry, cracks the latter, ani thus
commences the work of destruction. In short,
cur present system cf fire-proofing needs thor
ough revision and nwdificatioo, in the light of
recent experience, before they can deserve the
confidence of the public Sett nhfif American
As l'Nucru!rrL Stbio.lr roa Lire Ap
sscniao Iscioext at Chicaoo. While Madison
street, west of Dearborn, and the west side of
Dearborn were all ablaze, the spectators saw the
land light appear ia the windows of Speed's
block Presently a man, who hal apparently
Uken time to dress himself leisurely, appeared
on the extension built up to the second story of
to cf the stores. He coolly looked down the
thirty feet between him and the gioncd, while
the excited crowd first cried jump, and then
some of them more considerately locked for a
Ladder. A long plank was soon found, aad an
swered the same as a ladder, and was placed at
once against the window, duwn which the man
soon after slid But while these preparations
were going on there suddenly appeared another
man at a fourth story window ofjtfce building be
low, which had no projection, but flash from the
top to the ground four stones and a basement.
His escape by a stairway was evidently cut off,
and be looked despairingly down the fifty feet
between him and the ground The crowd grew
almost frantic at the tight, for it was only a
choice of deth before him by fire o.- by being
crushed to death by the fall. Senseless cries of
jump jump went up from the crowdsense
less, but fall of sympathy, for the sight was ab
solutely agonizing. Then for a minute or two
be disappeared, perhaps even less, but it seemel
so ong a time the supposition was that be had
fallen, suffocated by smoke and best.
Bat no; he appears again. Firs; he throws a
bed, then soue heJ-slothes apparently why,
probably even he does not know. Again he
looks down the dead, sheer wall of fifty feet be
low him lie hesitates, and well be may, as be
turns again and ooks behind him Then he
as he emgs himelf below the window. Some
how bow none can tell be drops and catches
upon the tup rf the windows below him of the
third story. He stoops and drops again, and
seizes the trame with his ban is, and his gleam
ing body once m.,re straightens and hangs prone
e),.ww.rd, acd then drop, in.umly and Vcca-
J
rately upon the window sill of the third story.
A shout, more uf joy than applause, goes up
from the breathless crowd, and those who had
turnel away their beads, not bearing to Icok
upon him as he seemed abont to drop to sodden
and certain death, glanced up at him once more
with a ray of hope, at this daring and skillful
feat. Iato this window be crept, to look, possi
bly, for a stairway, but appeared again pr
ently, for here was the only avenue of escape,
desperate and hopeless as it was Once more be
dropped his body, banging by his band. The
crowd screamed, and waved to him to swing
himself over the projection from which the other
man hal jast been rescued. He tried to do this,
and vibrated like a pendulum from side to side,
but could not reach far enough to throw himself
a pan irs roof. Then he hung by one hand and
uuhu 1-3 ruvi. i uru ae anair uy our oiu'i ant
lookedd.wn raisingthe other ban 1. he took a
fresh hold, ani swung from side to siie again to
reach the roof In vain, again be swoa mo
tionless by one hind, and slowly turned his hea l
over his shoulder, and gazed in the abyss be'ow
him. Then, gathering himself up, he le gob:s
hoU. and tor a second a gleam i f white shot
dwn full forty feet to the foundat on of the
basemrut. Of ccurse, it killel him He was
taken to a drug store near by and died in ten
minuifs
ing that remains, an oasis in a bleak and black
Sahara, is a small, white, wooden cottage on
Lincoln place. A policeman named Bellinger
lived here He hauled up the sidewalk, raked
up the leaves and burnt them, hewed diwn toe
fence and carried it into the house. The Sre ad
vanced and gave battle. It flong forces into hie
porch, it hurled them through the windows, it
negn and kept up a hot bombardment cf flam
ing shot upon the roof. He met it at every
point, with bands and boots, with water and wet
blankets, and finally a the last wave of fire en
veloped the building in a sirocco and whirled
through tne ciacking tree top and gyrated mal
ly over the aljice&t walls and wavered ami
wh.rled over the smoking roof, Bellinger cast hi
pail into his cistern and it was dry. Tbe blank
ets were on fire. Then the Bellinger genius roe
triumphant. He assaulted his cider birrelp, and
bttle by little, emptied their contents on the roof.
It was the map de jnerr- It gave him victory.
His blankets were scorched, his ban Is blistered,
hu boots distorted, and his cider spilled, bat his
boue was saved. And Bellinger has gone tn
taking boarders.
Tnt Mtstphies op Chimsc Masosrt. Per
hags it is not generally known that the Chinese
have secret orders established among themselves,
whose designs and obj-ets are much the same as
these of more civiltitil nations. On the nriiiiic
of the Fourth a branch erder was established
with appropriate myttical ceremonies in Chin a-
town, at the Joss House. Large numbers of the
i tissual gain? pei in the evening and proceeded
towa 1 the building. A few outside barbarians
atteUted to gain admisricn. A Chinaman was
aceeeftd and asked the meaning of the gather
ing. Yeehee, tbiahee seclet order, allee same
Melican maarn, you sabbe.' As the building
was hardly finished, a handy knot-hole gave an
opportunity for observing the ceremonies The
rcom was fantastically decorated with Chinese
ble gibberish chanted by the assemblage. An
impolite Chinaman happened to place his back
against the knot-hole, and further observation
was lost San Jose (Cal. ImleptnderU.
The MicutoAx Fires still Bcssixq It is
distressing news that the fires in Michigan are
still burning. A correspondent writes to the Sun
from Detroit that the Black Ash swamp near that
city is on fire, the flames and smoke being dis
tinctly visible.and that at night the whole north
eastern heavens are lurid. In the adjoining
county of Wayne the fires continue in spite of all
the farmers can do The flames seem to follow
the roots cf trees and shrubbery in the ground.'
Great fires in the woods are reported from Man
chester, Bay City and Portsmouth. Ia Howell
the people have been cilled out of church to fight
the hre, whica had already got into the outskirts
of the town and done a gool deal of damage. By
hard work they checked it, bat they fear that
they have only gained a short respite In the
Bar City region the smoke is "so dense as to
obscure the sun at noonday, and the wild ani
mals are swarming ont of the woods The cor
respondent says the people everywhere are
nervous to the last degree. It is weeks! since any
rain fell, everything is dry as tinder and there is
no water in the springs or the wells. The only
thing that can relieve the terrible anxiety, now
almost universal in the State, is a copious rain
storm. Until that comes, the danger is real and
immineot-
A Sin Francisco journal says As a rule
it is not a good plan to visit the hcue of a re
cently married lady to collect money I aned ber
while you were courting heryourselC The bus
band is likely to become unduly curioua in the
matter, and may even take the ground that he
ii in some way concerned in it Should be
Joaiiulii culler's Xear Poem.
"Prom Eea to Sea" Is the title of Jotqain Miller's
new poem. In the November number cf Scrtitr$
Monthly. Thefwllowlsgareextxaetst
Shake hands: kUibantUInbaststotbesea,
Where the tun eoair s to, aad meant with me
The matchless steed cfthe stronNsw World,
Aa h champs and chafe with a strength nnto.d
And away to the West, whero the wavM are eutleo",
AnJ It ij whlto pilmj to the capes ofrsld!
A irth oi hrass ana a breast tf steel,
A breath of fiio and a flaming mane.
An iron hoof and a steel-cl&a heel,
A Mexican bit aad a massive chain,
WeU tried and wrought tn an Iron rein
An4 away awayt with a shoot and yell
That had stricken a legtoa orold with fear.
That had tun the Head in their grave while re.
Ani siartted the damned la lladng as well.
SUndnp aUndout! where the wind comes in,
And the wealth of the seas poarover you.
As its health floods up to the fac like wine,
And a breath blows up (mm the Delaware
And the a$umehana. We feel the mljeht
of armies in u, and blood leaps through
TherramQ with a fresh and keen dellxbt
As the AJleyhames have kived thobalr.
With a kiss Mown tar thron-a the ruah ani din.
By the chestnut bars ani throes roashscf plno.
O seas ia a land O lakes cf mine
By the love 1 bear atd the songs I brlnr,
Ile glad with me' lift yocr waves and line
A svnz In the reeds that rnrronn your Isles!
a song f joy for the sun that imilw.
For (his land I love and thtssge and sign;
For the peace that Is aad the perils paed;
For tho hope that Is and the mt at last-
O heart cfthe world's heart tWeat: my West'
Lookup' lookout' ThereareSeldacrkine,
There are clover-fields that are red as wine
And a world of kino tn the Selds take rest.
And ruminate in the shade cf trees
That are white with Mowoms or brown with bees.
A rash cf rivers acd a brash tftrm
And a breath btown Ear frm Mexican seas,
Aad over the great heart-vein M eaitt1
Hf the SoatsaB-)aBd of the Cherokee,
By the sealp toigeof thtvll t'i w tea.
And up the La Platte. What a weary Hearth
Of tbehoneeormew! What a wild deUsfat
or gpaee' ffroem! What a sens of seaa,
Whre the sm are not What a aalt-ltke hretza
What (tn and tat tr quick alkwU
Whan hi ha! green, brows, tha black lake nls-ht.
All teres ani teJmt agattsft the sky!
KDL-CATIO.VAt..
Amtrticiii Scliunt tlrl mitt Oaer-Stiitlj.
In aa admirable lifle votaaae on Wear and
Tear," m which a Pad&ielphia physician dis
cusses the great American sin of over-work, the
writer makes these tinaely remarks en the grave
mistakes of which mjst educators are guilty in
so severely taxing the strength of rcboot-girls
If the mothers cf a people are sickly ana
weak, the sad inheritance falls upon their off
spring, and this U why I most deal first, bow
ever briefly, with the health of oar girls, be
caae u is here, as the doc or wed knows, that
the trouble begins. A it any physician ot your
acquaintance to sum up thoughtfully the young
girls Le knows, and to tell you how many in each
score art lit to be healthy wives and mothers, or
in fact to be wives and mothers at all. I have
been asked this question myself very often, and
I have heard it asked cf others. The answers I
am not gf mg to give, chit fly because I should
not be believed. Perhaps I ought to aid that
the replies I have heard given by others were ap
palling.
Next, I ask ym to n-2 carefully the expres
sion and figures cf the young giria whom you
may change to meet in your walk, or whom you
rray crverve at a concert or in the b.!-room.
Vou will see many charming faces, the like of
which the world cannot match figures some
what too spare of flesh, and, especially south of
Rhode Island, a marvelous littleness cf
band an 1 foot. Bat look farther, and e specially
among New England girls you will be struck
with a certain hardness of .ine m form and fea
ture wh.ch should not be seen between thirteen
and eighteen at least and if you have an eye
which rsjoiees in the tints cf health, you will
miss them on a multitude of the cheeks we are
now so danngly criticizing 8 a See it to say
that multitudes of car yoang girls are merely
pretty to look at, or not that that their destiny
is the shawl and the iota, neuralgia, weak baccs.
and the varied forms cf hysteria that domestic
demon which has produced untold discomfort in
many a household, and I am almost realy to
say, as much unbappiness as the husband's
dram. My phrase may seem outrageously
strong, but on'y the doctor knows what one of
these self-made invaii Is can do to make a hoase
boll wretched. There .b inleed little doubt that
the mass of our women poeeese that peculiar
nervous organization which is associated with
great exciubihty, and, unkrtunately, with less
physical vizor than is to be foua I, for example,
in the sturdy English darns at whom Haw
thorne sneered so bitterly. And what are the
causes to which these peculiarities are to te laid'
There are many who will say that lite hours,
styles of dress, prolonel dine mg, etc, are to
be I laiuel
W orst of ill, howeve: ta ray m'nd most des
tructive in every way j th? American view of
female education. Ihe tim .4 en for the more
serious instruction of gir's tx'ends to the age cf
eighteen, ani rieiy over :hi. Daring these
years they are undergoing su:i organic develop
ment a renders tbem re mar a1 ly sensitive. At
seventeen I presume that healthy girls are near
ly as well able to study, with p'otier precautions,
as men; but before this time over-use, or even a
very steady ose of the brain is dangerous to
health and to every probabildy of future wo
manly usef alnesA.
In m t of our schoc-1-, the hours are too rainy
for both girls ani boys. From a quarter of nine
or nine until half past two is, with us, the com-
I 0,0,1 "ocl-a.e in pnwie sari-s. The
t nitI rtasisiat 1 taTstntv mtMitsva fti hlf tn rrmr
n&uat recess is twenty minutes or half an hoar.
and i is not filled by enforced exercise. In cer
tain, schools would it were the rule 'ten
minutes' recess is given after every boar and
in the Blind Asylum this time is taken up by
light gymnastics, which are obligatory Tu
these hours we must add the time spent in study
oat tf school. This, for some reason, "nearly al
ways exceeds the time stated by teachers to be
necessary; and most girls between the ages of
thirteen and seventeen thus expend two or three
hours Does any physician believe that it is
good for a growing girl to be so occupied seven
or eight hours a day or that it is light for ber
to use her brains as long as the mechanic em
ploye bis muscles But this is only a part cf
ihe il. The multiplicity of studies, the num
ber of ten: hers sack ager to get the mst be
caa tut of his pupi. ih? eeveter dnll ot our
day, and the greater intensity of application de
manded, produce effee'e on the growing biain
which, in a vast number of cases can only be
disastrous
In New Eng and, where tK i rcig syelem is
at its woke 1 worst for b th sext, be evil is be
gtnninc to attract attentu n. as .n the case of the
boys Litin school, at Boston, which has no
Saturday holiday, and seems to be admirably ar
range! to destroy health. The Massachusetts
board of elocution's last report contains import
ant statistics as to the exhausting effects of over
exertion of the brain !n one school of eighty-five
pupils, ooly fifty-four hal refreshing
sleep hfty-nine had headaches or core tant
weariness, and only fif een were perfectly well
They next ted as that the best medical opinions
state that men should not ue the brain daily
more than six hours, nor children mre than
three Bat ia the above school thirty-one
studied three and one-half boars, thirty-five
stadied four boars, and twelve from four to sev
en hours, ia addition to the ijt hour of srhoo!
The report aids that. in p ace where schools
are highest in reputation, the above example ts
the common experience."
In a somewhat dieeursive fashion I have point
ed out the mischief which is pressing tn day
upon our girls of every class m life. The do
tor knows bow often and how earnestly he is
called upon to remonstrate against this growing
eviL He is, of eoure well enough aware that
many sturdy girls stand the strain, but he knows
also that very many do not and that the brain,
sick with multiplied studies never thoroughly
mastered, plods on, doing poor work, until some
body wonders what is the matter with that gi-1
and so she scrambles throngh, or e!e; breaks
down with weak eyes, headaches, neurilgtas. or
whit not. I am perfectly confident that I eha'l
lie told here that girls ought to be able to s'udy
hard between fourteen and eighteen years with
out injury, if hoys can do it. Praotkidy, how
ever, the r-oys of it lay are gering their tough
est education Urra-.ii u-r in life, while girls
leave scbtil at the -tme e its they aid thirty
years ago. Ii u.-d to ne ommoa for boys to
enter college at fourteen at present, eighteen is
a usual a e f admission it Harvard or Yale
Now, let any our compare the scale of studies
for both sexes employed ba'f a century ago with
tha: of to-day. lie will find that its demands
ae vastly more exacting than tlfy were a dif
ference fraght with no evil for otto, who attack
the graver studies, later m life, but more peril
ous for girl, who are still expected tt teave
school at eighteen or earlier.
I am almost ashamed to defend a p cit;on
which w held by many competent physit.ans
but an intelligent frien I, still asks lue why it is
that overwork of hraiu should be so seriuus an
evil to women at the age of womanly develop
ment My best rep'y would be the experience
and opinions of those of as who are called upon
to st e how many school-girls are suffering m
health from cent? cement, want of exercise at
the time of day when they most incline to it.
bad ventilation, am! too steady oeeupatonof
mind. At no other time of life is the nervous
system so sensitive to irritable, I might sy
and at no other are abundant fresh air an 1 ex
crr'se so all important. To show more precise
ly how the growing girl is injared by the causes
just mentioofd would carry me upon suljects un
lit for full discussion in these pages.
The Pix Thadk. There are eight pin fac
tories ia the United States, whose annual pro
duction is 2,000,000 pack, each pack contains
oO30 pins a total of 0,720,000,000 pins. One
manufacturer's agent in Boston sells every six
months from 700 to 1,000 cases of pins per
week, each cae containing 072,000 pins. The
factory which he represents turns out eight tons
ff pins per week. Hair-pins are jobbed by the
case. There is but one factory la this country
that produces tbem. They turn out fifty tens
per mouth, the machine that cats and bends the
wire making 360 hair-pins per minute, ready
for jappannlog. Vankre pins are saleable in
nearly every city of Ihe world, and the produc
tion and consumption increase each year about
ten per cent. Commercial Bu'ltt'in
It i carious to read in a letter from Arllng
lon, Vt, It is only three years since coal
was introduced among our citizens for nrivate
use. and it has since that lime been growing
rapidly into favor." If we had known of this fact
I -e fore, we should hare-been tempted to pass a
Winter or two In this primitive village, just to
renew the old memories of backlog aad fore
stick and andirons. The bonny blink of the
fireside and the serene pleasures of the domestic
hearth-stone have passed into antiquities. There
may be poetical associations connected with a
furnace register in time, but we mast wait for
tbem. Now, the pleasantest light of hems Is to
be found only in verses. Tribune