I I ass ^^!^?r5?gsa? -J?^
1 VOLUME XXXI. CAMDEN. SOUTH CAROLINA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER XflJ ISft""
TEE CAMDEN JOUMAL.
AN
INDEPENDENT FAMILY PAPER,
PUBLISHED BY
JOHN KERSHAW.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
One year, in advance $3 00
Six months 1 50
Three months..-. 75
ADVERTISING RATES.
Spac*;*- 1JJ. 2 M. 3M. -6M. 1 Y.
Isquare SiOpJ 6 00 8 00 12 00 1.0 00
fs 2 squares SvOOjOOOl 12 00 J8 00 26'^QO,
3 squares 9 00 13 00 16 00 24 00 85 00
4 squares 12 OO! 1C 00 20 00 30 00 43.00
4 column 15 00 19 00; 24 00| 34 00 50 00
M)1 30 00' 40 00! 55 oof 80 00
?VU1UUIU I -v
column 30 00! 50 00 60 001 90 OO'loO 00
All Transient Advertisements will be charged
Onm Dollar per Square for the first and Seven
Tt-fivb Cents per Square for euch subsequent
insertion.
Advertisements in the Local column will be
charged Twenty Cents per Line,
Transient Advertisements must be paid
for in advance.
Miscellany.
THE CHICAGO CALAMITY.
The Flames at Last Subdued?Fearful
Loss of Life?The Origin and Extent
oftheFire?The Losses $300,000,000
?Distressing Scenes and Incidents.
from the Baltimore Gazette.
Late on Sunday evening, a boy went into
a stable on DeKoven street, near the river
on the west side, to ntilk a cow, taking with
hint a kerosene 1 tutp. This was kicked over
by* the cow, and the burning fluid scattered
mom? the straw. This was the beginning
of tl?o great fire. A single extinguisher on
the ground, or active work by the police in
tearing dowa one or two shanties, would
have prevented the spreadiug of the flames,
but the engiues were waited for, and when
they arrived, the firemen, stupefied by their
exertions at the first fire on Saturday night,
worked slowly and clumsily.
Their efforts were unavailing. The wind
blew a gale from southwest. Rapidly from
house to house, and from board yard to
h board >pyjd. having incauwhile crossed the
river north pfTwclth street to the south
side, and made for the brick and stone busi^
ness blocks, the railroad freight depots and
manufacturing establishments, '^he full cx*
?r-. t*at ofthe nnr.
first time. The fire department, already
tired out,worked like heroes, and Mayor and
city government, that had supinely rested,
n?w began to exert themselves, but the opportunity
had been lost. The time when
thorough organization could have blown up
the buildings, or prepared for emergency,
was neglected, and it was a fight for life.
The wind bl ?wing a stiff gale had posscs*
a J K.nl.l.
sion or me nauie>, :mu iuu uvouuim
ings. Chicago's glory, lay before tlicm.?
Harrison. Van Burcn, Adauis. Munroe ami
Madis<>n streets were soon reached, the intervening
blocks from the river to Dearborn
street, on the east, being consumed as if by
magic. It being Sunday, proprietors and
employees w^rc at home, utterly unconscious
of what was taking place. Those who saw
the flames sup] osel it was the remains of
i^aturday night's tire, and having confidence
in the fire department, were unconcerned,
but between 11 and 12 o'clock a rumor got
abroad that the fire was in the business portion
of tne city. Then the people commenced
moving. Horses were brought into requisition
to take proprietors to the conflagration.
What a scene met their gaze! The Hoard of
Trade, Court House. Western Union Telegraph
and Associated Press offices and hundreds
of other building were all in flames.
The air was filled with live coals, which
were hurled to north and east, besoms of
destruction. Fire engines were powerless
for saving. All that men could do was to
blow up buildings, but this availed but little.
The newspaper offices and other large establishments
were soon in ashes. It seemed
n 1- 11
that no sooner iiaa tne name sirucK. a wan
than it went directly through, and a very
few minutes sufficed to destroy the uiost elaborately
built structures. The walls, and the
very bricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire, making
a continuous sheet of flame two miles long by
a mile wide. No human being could possibly
live many minutes. Block after block fell
a id Ted hot coals shot higher and higher,
a id spread further and further, until the
north side was a vast sheet of flame from
river to lake. At one time it so hemmed
the people that it was expected thousands
must perish. The Sherman, Tremont, and
other hotels were emptied of their guests,
and a remarkable s:ght was presented in
the hurrying throng with trunks, sacks, or
bags, on their shoulders, fleeing amid the
flames for their lives.
Those who could made for the remaining
bridges, others got next to the lake shore
and the south. One block in all the vast
business section remained at daylight.
The Custom House and Houore block, in
Dearborn street, had burned, and those who
fought the flames hero thought at least this
black could be saved.
A patrol of men, undor Samuel Medill.
gwept off live coals, and put out flames inside
of the walls, and anothor lot of men watched
the roofs.
At 7 i o'clock this appeared safe, and most
of the men went to get rest and food. But
there was a change of tlio wind. The flames
reached Wabash avenue, State street and
Michigan avenue. Soon McVicker's theatre
caught fire. In a few moments the
Tribune building was in flames, and at the
last moment the sleeping men were aroused
and rescued from the flames. By 10 o'clock
in the forenoon this remaining block was ir
ashes. Now was to be seen the most re

By-v'
markablc bight ever beheld in this or auy
other country. There were from 50,000 to
75,000 men, women ancLchildren fleeing by
every available street and alley to the southward
and westward, attempting to save their
clothing and their lives. Every available
vehicle was brought into requisition for use,
for which enormous prices were paid, and
the streets and sidewalks presented a fearful
sight. Thousands of persons and horses,
inextricably commingled; poor people, of all
colors, shades and every nationality, from
Europe, China and Africa, mad with excitement,
struggled with each other to get away.
Hundreds were trampled under foot. Men
and womeu loaded with bundles and their
household goods, to whose skirts were
clinging tender infants, half-dressed and
bare footed, all seeking places of safety.?
Hours afterwards they might, have been.
f* ._A
seen in vacant lots, or on tne streets, iar out,
in the suburbs, stretched in the dust. One
of the most pitiful sights was that of a mid
die aged woman, on iState street, loaded with
bundles, struggling through a crowd singing
the Mother Goose Melody, "Chickcry, Chickcry,
Craney Crow, I went to the well to wash
my clothes," etc. There were many hutid
reds of others likewise distracted, and many
made desperate by whiskey, which, from excess
of thirst, they drank in the absence of
water in great quantities, who spread them- i
selves in every direction,, a terror to all
they met.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life. It
is conjectured, with good, cause, that near
five hundred have been burned to death.?
We saw four men cuter a burning building,
and in a moment they were overwhelmed by
a falling wall. There was a crowd of men
around the corner of a building, trying to
save property, when, the wall yielding, the
whole of them were buried beneath it.? j
About twelve or fifteen men, women and
children rushed iuto the building of the
Historical Society, a lire-proof building, for
safety. In a few minutes the flames burst
up, and they were burned to death. Among
those who took refuge in this building, was
the vcncrablo Col. Samuel Stone. 8U years
of age, for a long tiir.c counccted with the
Society; also, John B. Gerard and wife, and
Mine. Depclgrove, a noted teacher of music.
It us feared th.tDr. Frcar and family
were also burned, as they were in the building
and have not been seen since. Mrs.
Edsull, whose husband was murdered last
week, and who was suff-ring from illness, was
carried away for protection to a building
which was afterward consumed, and it is
feared that she also perished. All books
and paper of the Historical Society, including
the original copy of the famous emancipation
proclamation of President Lincoln,
Jrr q-htoP fV>r> ,Sogp.fafa-.pai<;Uft25 000. -wreia' destroyed.
It is feared that a large number
of children, inmates of the Catholic Orphan
Asylum on State street, were also
burned, as many of t!ic:n arc missing.
In Chicago avenue a father rushed up
stairs to carry three children away, when
he was overtake i by the flames and perished
with tlicm. The mother was afterwards
seen on the street, on the northwest side, a
raving maniac. In the same neighborhood
~i?i fiM.. i:?*
:i family nt tivc persons pcnsucu. j.uu un?,
of such fatalities is very l<?ng, anil can only
be fully verified after the smoke shall
have cleared away. There are hundreds of
families 011 that side who saved 110 clothing,
but barely their lives. Among them is the
family of Perry Smith, formerly President of
the Northwestern Kailroad Company.

None but an eye-witness can form an idea
of the fury and power of the fire among the
buildings and ware houses on the south side.
The wind blowing a hurricane at times, it
seemed but the work of a moment for the
fire to enter the south end of the buildings
on Randolph, Lake and Water streets, and
reappear at the north doors and windows,
belching forth in fierce flames which often
licked the opposite buildings, and then the
flames, issuing forth from the buildings on
both sides of the street, would unite and
present a solid mass of fire completely tilling
the street from side to side, and shooting up
a hundred feet above the house-tops. Thus
1 n T r
was street after street Dlicuwitnnames, uugu
walls would topple and fall into the sea of
fire without an audible sound. The roar of
the fierce element was so great that all minor
sounds were swallowed up. 31 any buildings
situated along South Water street, buried
their red hot rear walls in the water, into
which they plunged with a hiss.
The heat was so intense at times that the
burning buildings could not be approached
within 150 feet. The lire, after reaching
the business part of Randolph and South
Water streets, leaped the river to the north
side in an incredibly short space of time, and
thence among the wooden buildings on that
side, reached the lake shore, after reducing
block after of happy dwellings to ashes.
A scene of such utter powerlcssncss, in
the face of an enemy, was never presented
than that of this people trying to combat the
fire, for the combat was not of long duration.
The people bowed their heads in anguish of
snirit and allowed the fire to have untram
I 1
nicled sway. While there are many instances
of generous devotion of the rich and
poor, in dividing with the destitutue, there
are painful instances of meanness and selfishness.
One person was trying to remove valuable
papers froui an office, and asked two
firemen to help him. but they refused unless
he paid them fifty dollars. The papers were
destroyed.
I'rivers of express wagons have taken
$100 and even $500 for an hour's use of
their vehicles in getting the distressed people
away from danger. Among the sad
scenes was the apppearancc of men and boys
beastly intoxicated around the streets of the
i north division, where the saloonkeepers'
stocks of licjuor were turned into the streets.
There can hardly be any doubt that many
of these wretches found their death in the
flames. Ono poor man had crowded for
1 refuge into a water main lying in tlio street,
near the water works, but the fire found
i him even there and robbed him of life.
Children are going around the burnt dis
trict, seeking something to satisfy their hun?
gcr. They ask for relief, but there is none
to give them. No one has provisions op
money. What provisions there were in the
city are now horned or eaten, and some pe<*
pie have enough to lost them for the day,
but not longer. Provisions have arrives*
from Detroit, Cincinnati, Milwaukee an#
St. Loais, and are being distributed as fast
as possible.
Twenty-three* dead bodies have been token
to the station on the north side.
the present time it is impossible to know
who they are. As uight comes on tho warrt
of gas is keenly fftlt. There are bat fe&*
candles in the city, and no water, except'
what is taken from the lake. Very gravfc
fears of outrages by thieves on the west.are I
felt on every hand. Geriferal Sheridan, wWf
u'~ 1 k-?all fhrnnoh
fire, is still calling troops from different
points to keep order. All business and
work are suspended, and every one is intent
on securing something to eat and a place of
shelter. The suffering ou the north side is
heart-rending to witness.
Plrnetti?An Incredible Story About a
Russian Conjuror. 1
About the beginning Of the present ecu-a
species of Cagliostro, or rather a superior
kind of wizard of the north, made his appear-,
ane at St. Petersburg, and astonished the'
natives by his marvellous performances. Ilia
name was Pirnetti, and his fame is yet inth^
memory of those who witnessed his unrivalled
talents.
The Czar Alexander, having heard, Pirnetti
much spoken of, was desirous to see'
him: and one day it was announced to tho
conjuror that he would have the honor of
giving a representation of his magical powers
at court, tho hour fixed fo^bim to mako.
his appearance being! o'clock. A brilliant/
numerous assembly of ladies aud courtiers*:
presided over by the Czar, had met, but th$
conjurer was absent. Surprised and displeas*
ed, the Czar pulled out his watch, which'
?*?-d?.
maicaieu nve uimutea anci a. wu&m JiM^
not only failed in being in waiting, but hb,
caused the court to wait, and Alexander wife
not more pnticut than Louis XiV. A quai*
ter of an hour passed, half an hotir, ana no
Pirnetti! Messengers who had been sent in:
search of hiin returned unsuccessful. TbeJ
anger of the Czuf, with difficulty restrained,
displuycd itself in threatening exclamations.At
length, after the lapse of an hour, the:
door of the saloon opened, an the getlcn&u
of the Chamber announced Pirnetti, who
presented himself with a culm front, and the
serenity "of one who had done nothing to. re-;
proach, himself with. The Czar, however^
wasgrflaJ-ly displcasod; but-Pirnitti
an airoTastonishiuent^ and repliedwitnuic
greatest coolness: "Did not your Majesty
comiuaiid my presence at 7 o'clock precisely?'
'Just so!" exclaimed the Czar, at the height
of exasperation. "Well, then," said Pirnetti.
"let your Majesty deign to look at your
watch, and you will percievc that lam exact,
and that it is just 7 o'clock."
The Czar, pulling out his watch violently,
in order to confound what he considered a
piece of downright insolence, was completely
amazed The watch marked 7 o'clock! In
fun. nil tlir> pnnrfiors drew out their watches.
which was found, as usual, exactly regulated
by that of the sovereign. Seven o'clock!
indicated with a common accord by all the
watches and clocks of the palace. The art
of the magician was at once manifest in this
strange retrogression in the march of time.
To anger succeeded astonishment and admiration.
Perceiving that the Czar smiled,
Pirnctti thus addressed him:
"Your Majesty will pardon me. It was
by the performance of this trick that I was
desirous of making my first appearance before
you. Put I know how precious truth is
at court; it is at least necessary that your
watch should tell it to you, sire. If you
consult it uow, you will find that it marks
the real time." The Czar again drew forth
his watch?it pointed to a few minutes past
8; the same reflection had taken place in the
watches of all those present, and in the
clocks of the palace. This exploit was followed
by others equally amusing and surprising.
At the close of the performances the
Czar, after having complimented Pirnctti,
brought back to his remembrance that in
the course of the evening's amusements he
had declared that such was the power of his
art that lie could penetrate everywncrc.
Yes. sire, every where," replied the conjurer,
with modest assurance. ''What!" exclaimed
the Czar, "could you penetrate even into
this palace were I to order all the doors tobe
closed and guarded?" "Into this palace,
sire, or even into the apartment of your
Majesty, quite as easily as I should enter my
own house," said Pirnetti. "Well, then,"
said the Czar, "at midday to-morrow I shall
have ready in my closet the price of this
evening's amusements?1,000 rubles. Come
and get them; but I forewarn you that the
doors shall be closed and carefully guarded."
"To-morrow at midday I shall have the honor
of presenting myself before your Majesty,"
replied Pirnetti, who bowed and withdrew.
The gentlemen of the household fullnwcd
the conjurer to make sure that he quitted the
palace. They accompanied him to his
lodgings, and a number of police surround
cd the dwelling from the moment lie entered
it. The palace was instantly closed, with
positive orders not to suffer, under any pretext
whatever, any one to enter, were he
prince or valet, until the Czar himself should
command the doors to be opened. These
orders were strictly enforced, confidential
persons having watched their execution.
The exterior openings to the palace were
guarded by the soldiery. All the approaches
to the imperial apartments were protected by
high dignitaries whom a simple professor of
the art of legerdemain possessed no means
of bribing. In short, for greater security, all
the keys had been carried into the imperial
cabinet. A few moments previous to the
hour affixed for Pirneti's interview with the
Czar the chamberlain on service brought to
his Majesty a dispatch which a messcugcr
had handed him through an opening in the
door. It was a roport from tho minister <6f
police that Pirnetti had not left home:
^Ah! lie has found out the undertaking ia
impracticable, and he has abandoned it/' observed
the Czar, with a smile, r
Twelve o'clock sounded. Whi.lg the last
jBtroke yet rcberberated the door, whiqh, communicated
from the bed-rtou of the Czar to
the cabinet opened, and Pirnetti appeared
The Czar drew back a co lple of paces, his
brow darkened, and, after a momentary
silence, he said: "Are you aware that yon
may bcCouie a very dangerous individual?"
"Yes, sire" he replied; "but I ain only, 'an
ihumble conjurer, with no ambition save that
as amusing your Majesty." "Hero," said
the Czar, kiare the thousand rubles for last*
night, and a thousand for this day's visit."
IV. Pirnetti Jn offering Jite Jhanks^^auj interrupted
By the Czar, who,'Wth^houghtfal
air, inquired of him, "Do you count 'dn
vet remaining some time in St. Petersburgh7"
"Sire." he replied, "I intend setting off this
week, unless your Majesty orders a prolongation
of my' sojourn." "No I" hastily observed
the Czar, "it is not my intention to detain
you;,and, moreover," continued he with a
smile, "I should vainly endeavor to keep you
against your will. You know how to leave
St. Petersburgh as easily as you have found
your way into this palace." '/I could do so,
feire," said Pirnetti, "but far from wishing
to quit this palace stealthily or mysteriously,
1 am desirous of quitting it in the most public
manner possible, by giving to the inhabitants
of your capital a striking example of my
magical powers."
Pirnetti could not leave like an ordinary
mortal; it was necessary that he should crown
his success iu the Russian capital by something
surpassing his previous efforts; therefore,
on the evening preceding the day fixed
for his departure, he announced that die;
should leave St. Petersburg the following
day, at 10 o'clock in the morning, and that
ho sVimilil miif, hv all the citv ?ratcs%t the
same moment Public curiosity wus excited
to the highest degree by this imnounccuient;
St. Petersburg at that time has fifteen gates,
which were encompassed by a multitude
eager to witness this marvellous departure.
The spectators at these various gates all declared
thJt at 10 o'clock precisely Pcrnetti,
whom they all perfectly recognized, passed
through. "He walked at a slow pace and
with head erect, in order to be seen," they,
said; "and he bade us adieu in a clear and
audible voice." These unanimous testimonies
were confirmed by the written declaration
of the officers placed at every gate tog
inspoct the passports of travellers. The infl
Bcription of Pirnetti's passports .was in-.
'Scribed in the. fifteen register*- Where is
jfca yizard,, whether coming from 4^5.^5^
ot Poutn, wn<rtf8BTrf"Hi*,fli?!Sc degcnoraW^
days porforni so astonishing an exploit
A New ".Motion" in Court.?Some
years since one of the trial terms of the
Niagara County Court (New York) was at
tended by a yeoman troui one or me towns,
to whom I will give the name of .MacPeelings.
Mac was a farmer of sonic wealth and
a very little knowledge, which latter acquisition
was a dangerous thing. Ilis ambition
had been gratified by a seat in the popular
branch of the State Legislature, where lie
had voted "a}c" and "no" through the winter,
besides picking up an idea or two; one
at least, as the sequel will show. The term
of court referred to was nttended by the exlegislator
in the capacity of juryman; and
just as the gas was being lighted in the
court room one evening Mac was drawn upon
a jury for the trial of a new cause. Our
hero was weary and.hungry, and perhaps
sick of the prosiness of "sleepy counsel
pleading;" and after the twelve were duly
drawn and accepted, and when plaintiff s
counsel were about to open the case, JIacl'eclings
anticipated him, and astounded
court, bar. jury and spectators by rising to
his feet and remarking in a loud voice:
"May it please the court, I move that
this court do now adjourn until to-morrow
morning."
The court elevated its spectacles in amazement
at such an interruption and informed
the bold juryman that courts were not accustomed
to entertain such requests from any
person, as they always adjourned on their
own motion.
"Well," responded MacPcelings, with the
promptness of perfect assurance in his position,
"the court can't deny that a motion to
adjourn is alica>/s in order."
The court smiled, bit its lip, and told Mac
to resume his seat; the cause proceeded, and
1 fear that poor Mac to this day wonders
what authority the Judge had for this unparliamentary
proceeding.
n.rotnciTTvs nv Live.?Lav vour finder
VWIV1VU1 A V.
f
on your pulse, and know that at every stroke
some immortal passes to his 3Iakcr, some fcllow-being
crosses the river of death; and if
we think of it, we may well wonder that it
should he so long before our turn comes.
Half of all who live, die before seventeen.
0"ly one person in ten thousand live to
be a hundred years old, and but one in a
hundred reach sixty.
The married live longer than the single.
If you take a thousand persons who have
reached seventy years, they arc of:
Clergymen, orators and public speakers.
yy
43; farmers, 4U; worKiiicu, ou, omuiuio,
lawyers, 29; professors, 27; doctors, 24.
These statements arc very instructive.
Farmers and workmen do not arrive at good
old age as often as the clergymen and others
who perform no manual labor, but this is
owing to neglect of the laws of health, of
attention to proper habits of life in eating,
drinking, sleeping, dress and the proper care
of themselves, when the work of the day is
done.
A minister asked a little boy who had beer
converted, ''does not the devil tell you thai
you are not a Christian "Yes, sometimes-"
"Well, what do you say to him
"I tell him," replied the boy, with somawha
of Lnthcr's spirit, "that whether I-am
Christian or not, it is none of his business.'
I :c Tfte fmrse orxne-fenoa.
|y.,!lM?0?.!;Jl? aitjifHTT J'iA- 10 n
I All honor to !Mr.'Bergh ftr^hw remedirl
zneasujc^ tq prerqphucruelty ;*a. animals.;
Bats, .they, say, h^yc niq^ liycs; so, witbjhis
in their favor, /ffill tpe, .gentlcgian above
mentfbhei let th'&m wriggle a while, anddevote,
that portion of his time to an ahitiial
;with only, one life. PI mferi.toa New. Ydrk;
child-rtta rick#eiL.J[qrk child.., Jf he KiJJ
take a walk through auy of our city parks
with his eyoj .open, he. cpnuot tail to. see
suffering fenotrgu ajnohf this class :!f6 emist
his :warme# sympathies. I"' often stroll
through, theparks to hear the birds sing*;
and to seo^-^ho. children^ ihpne day;1^8t wepk
I saw, a bright little fyoy pffo&r .years ainusr
ihg hlinself by picking up little twigs that
had fallen from the trees, while his
she'perceffed him engaged iu this harmless
and patur?d amusement,. (Talqne them
from' lnJi.' she took' theih' separately ^nd
struck him Witff J6irch/$fos&' Kis: nappy
little face; then, throwingthonr out- of his
reach, left/him standing? there, Sobbing, with
with nothing to do, while she continued her
chapter of gossip. Waiting pn a little farther,!
saw a little girl whohad strayed across
the path to look'at a dolly" which ariothfef
child was.drawing in a little wagon.?' It was
a .wonderful:'-'dolly;" withflaxen .hair; andi
pink boots, and a-muslin dressy and its eyes,
were fllosed in slumber, after, the,fashion qf,
the doll o? the periofl, While iq a recuiubeuf.
position^, 0^ f ,.9wfeet;:little face, as it,
peered into.the tipy. wagon, qpd the precious,
mother^ look f.pf adoration at .fho .''doHyl-'j
InstantW came darting after her the tGprgpn
nurse1 and with a snprt slap, upon her,heail
and a shake of hen.Jittlc.fjhpuJders,,,$fjjey;
bright hair ife^r quite oyer the frightened
little face, die, tpre Her^iplently^a^v, ,aud.
seating hereelf" upon a. bpgph, where siip.jjad
been talking yritn a co^p-jpqking. nttaq,^^
the sobbing phjld. sp bard upon ner Jenee mat.
I could^'^kiDCtly hoar it patch, its. breatji.,
I mentjon here pnly^hese .two instances ofj
brutal treatment, whjpfijl/could ^idtiply by
dozens. Why do. ijflt movers t^ke pijins to
follow'their nurses occasiopally, to se^
is right; with their ciiildren, (w^e,n. out off)
doors? An$ wjiy. co^jCpot Jtor.pargh oijd^r,
sonic Sac/^.placed tp*tiij? torturing benches
I in our parks w^ere tjie little children, sit?,
The Central Parjk benches are.a giwdpigdel,
in this regard,"a? ui?fny :a. weary pedestrainj
can testify. And while he is up, there looking,
at,them with j|i vi^t.of this, if he, will
Musi -ass under tne daipp.bridges, a^A rout,
rat those self-^iDoe qu'rses.whosit thcre.talking
with tHei^bcwLX, fcstea^. of.fating, th ir
;mUecharges., put. into th$. sunshine, ^d.
do, this also would be a humanitarian act.
In fact the rich child of the period..is at
present an object for his especial consideration.
Deserted apparently by its natural
protector, the mother?except so far as its
dress is concerned?it is peculiarly lielpless
and friendless, at least when out of doors.
I speak,tulvisedlyj for not a day passes that
my blood docs not boil at the cruelty it endures;
at the innocent little instincts for the
gratification* of which it is, immediately
slapped, as if they were crimes; just as if we
sholild stone a bird for warbling, or a bee
for humming, or a leaf for fluttering iu the
sweet South wind.
0! the harsh .Juggernaut wheel which
crushes out all this sweetness into the
dust! j
And what of the temper permanently spoiled
and soured by such roughness and injustice?
What of the; aching little head,
i which is slapped and shaken? What of the
tired little feet, while the nurse and her
comrades occupy the scat, and the little
ones, forbidden to play, lean wearily against,
the nurse's knee and cry for "mamma?"
Surely, where is mamma? 3ood Mr. Bergh,
do you be the rich children's '-mamma,"
and let the cat with her "nine lives" look
out for herself!?Fanny Fern.
Two old ploughmen down East were tell.-nnli
ofrtvina .vP tlmir <?Ynlr>ifs in break
III LWU^ll DWI 1W VI vnvii
ing up new ground. The linen was taken
off the bnsh by this yarn:
"J"was up in Dixniont. twenty-seven years
ngo tliis spring. I was ploughing up stuuip
ground with a team of nine pair of cattle
for Sol. Cunningham. We were goin' along
makin' not very smooth work among rocks
and stumps. Well, one day the p'int o' the
plough struck fair agin a sound stump four
foot through, split it fair across the heart,
and I was follerin' the plough through, when
the thought fhishcd through my mind that
the pesky stump might snap together and
pinch my toes, so I jest gripped the plough
handles firm and swung my feet out of the
way, and the stump sprung back and catchcd
the slack of my pantaloons. That
brought everything up standin. Smith in,
lie and Sol was drivin'; they spoke to the cattle,
and we snaked that'stump right out by
the roots, and it had awful long ones."
It must 'a' been strainiu' on your suspenders,"
said the other.
3Iy wife knit 'em.'
A neighbor missed corn from bis garner,
and his suspicions rested upon a reckless lcl
low whom everybody called '-Sam." The
corn was kept in a chamber over the kitchen.
which was left open and accessible by a
ladder. The victim of this midnight {ithcfferv."
as another neighbor calls it, deterni
incd to fatisfy himsolf concerning the idontty
of the thief and made a tompory bed on
the kitchen floor, and lay down to watch.?
About the hour when "churchyards yawn"
he was aroused from a partial slumber bv
the rattling of the cars of corn overhead
when he suddenly called out at the top ol
his voice:
i "Sam
i "IIcllo!" quickly responded the thief
taken entirely off his guard by this sudiler
call.
t "Don't take more than a bushel."
i "Then I shall have to pour it out, for I'v
got two in the bag already."
iao ji'iti JTlCC'tllllir.
Devil's Deligfet is the name J/'* ttaSsal t
town: '-".^nao
Georgia,corn is so tall thai
it irfth!* ladder.! niwbfcih ?77
n>'e '(Mr :Pi6ri,aV"?wj Hsa"^ i|
4%wellenbj'tie&y dew*/' iiu,?n W ow j
At Muscatine, Iowa, grapes
three cent%ft.]}pp^eV? *dT
A woman is engaged" in th$ business of ?v 'tifkl
sending'ice frdttfBoat^-ti^W'1 7 "I _ /J
MaSSesid^r'i':
iSlnrfiUHfeulw, Vkai^rftiull fllrffHV1! Wfl'*1ilw
United States. rvns? 1?
jssseaeaaeaii
as a visiter. f?s?oir. 71W91
Bripham Young roust looip. jfrgjMaManHs,
fpr P^j.JJotley claims to hay^w^bij^Pf
whomjip is. bound to p
President Grant has ijejifltytyen;
stalls at the St. Louis fair grf^dkip^xibi^
some of the choice cattle from *8? m near <8
thfit city:
It is said of General' Pope1 t^'m^^ai^e1
he always folld^'d his brae#
was liable to colds, and his nose vW' Ird'
quently apt to run. .miitir
"Wdtwfn,*wafee"npl" attidia&tiSff RMofotion;
and ab indolent; rbraK edibof'laddnei
Yea< *n<J, ;d?n: it, tpnn out |j
pi P,"f St. Hi ?vi?
,ty?. .Evening., Jtasprtfta$<*
the apostle of whist under the old dispense..
i.iiy.s? v .j ,:~;j AI J.-wia ?i$ uTqUtPf! Mil#
tion, is said to have died fun of jedrs and or
h'rihorsl^:"Thifr: is1 kn&.Wuel" ,;Hb WnFWMf
fallen asleep, wwtin^fonitbedafetitndiipoivnru M
A John Chinatfirfb had'heard'
tion: "We have pipeduntq you. butiyelave^
a j -J eU ?td rttrnditana. JUH/a
IHJl UUUVtfU, ilUU UIUO [(HJifuMiUfiuji g||>( V
toot tooted unto you, why .you. jw/tjrf
thrilling adventures, now lies Boxed tip in a fti
corn mission' merchant's 'store in Indiamttflofifi'
awaiting ^he 'liquidation-of $W:'fch?fge*{
against him. ulu feoi
Our equinonticaHViendd'will'nlm' g!&8nWrt
learn that the aluubiaes tof iil8t&.iiagrda!mr
days of xbe. month ;and. weflk! -wftk
1 T,h-C .ra*Ewsasl'sW ?5
p robanly-Jilt is as often next year as
did originally. ^JR
"Mr. Speaker," said a member i& 'J?
these timber liierehants to be mSii^'nr
ons rascals?1 was in the timber, line inysefi",,
twelve years.". jg
A three-year-old contemplating a favprite^
cow, asked hep mother what Daisy done with
her cud when she was done with it.1-' Th&
puzzled parent did not know.' "0, I kiib#|*'*'
said the little one; ;'She gives it to papa, aid
he keep^.it in bischeek.',', j rJ7Iin
T -*_ ill 1
A (juajrrclsoin^ cpupiewet;e uiacussuig
'subjects of epitaphs and' tombstones,-' ana
the husband said: Aly dear, what kind of a
stoue do-ybtt 'feuppose they will give1 tod Whik
I diei"' 11" Brimstone, my love,". was!-.than
affectionate reply. lk,
"Sir," said an astonished landlady to atraveler,
who had just sent his cup forward fyr
the sixth time, "you must be very fdnd'of
coffee." "Yes, madam, I am," he- rep|}ed,
."or 1 should potjuve drunk so mucin water
to get a little."
The following is the conclusion of an epitaph
on a tombstone:'?*'She'-liffed a life of
virtue and died of the cholera morbus, caused
by eating green fruit in the hope of a.blef?
ed immortality, at the early age of tvpenty-oge
yeairs, seven months and sixteen' day's.?
Ileader, go thou and do likewise!' :'ur-' mo
A GeQrgia negro thought he would econo-
mize by sending his son to schodl and then
make the boy teach him. The plan Worked
well until the young teacher, following ibe .r
custom of the seminary where he was taught....
J i-i_i c.._
pave tne oici man a uusu ui m^ui y tvi owning
dog d o-r g, and llien the latter became
disgusted and ran away.
Then. Tilton. who writes a biographjr 'of'"
Mrs. Wood hull, and nominates Her fofc-*' I
President, wishes the next Vice President to. f)
be clad in the "divine comliness of a blacky
skin;" but the New York Commercial yt
thinks that with such a limited wardrobeno
man could ever hope to be the presiding otf-1'
cor of the United States Senate.
A newly invented fly paper in Titusville
is covered with nitroglycerine, glue and"'7
molasses. The flies attrrcted by the molasses t.'l
alight, and are stuck fast by the glue.?
Should any try get away they proceed to rub J
their logs together in ecstacy, which, it is
said, the friction causes tlio nitro-glycerini
to explode, blowing them to utoms. .Y
The question as to whether laughing gas'-
can be substituted for chloroform in extend-
od sunr'cal operations seems likely to be an
swercd in the affirmative. Dr. Sims recently
j crformcd on a delicate women a surgical
operation which occupied eighteen minutes,
during which time the patient was kept in-
sensible to pain by laughing ga?, administered
by Dr. C'olton. Ab jut forty gallons of
gas were consumed.
The Revolution having learned that pret-
ty lady canvassers for women newspapers
arc going about hugging the men in order
to obtain subscribers, says: "If any one con-
nccted with this paper ever resorts to such
a pourso to obtain a subscriber or an advqr-
F tisemcnt, we beg to be apprised of the fact,
that her connection with it may be cancelled r
at once." Thus it is that poor girls are f
checked in'every attempt to holp themselves.::
i But why couldn't a fortune be made by starting
out some of the long, lean, bloodless,
scraggy women, with directions to
e threaten to hug. any man who r^fusfed'to* f
comedown. There's money in th^Tdea.'
A