prom the Valley- orDrnth,
From AppleUn' -onrtal. t
r i ,wnig Poo w;re wr.ttan by Frederck
.i Mnuol o tv eat recently,
1 i', 'i ilr' i-J by Joi ui- Wlc of
anl n proiVy tJ ln i- t fjec,
r' litis wre dousilew, d -tt-.- J b "ie ssy
wau maerel lilmia Ar.t a i
IS MAINE ASO IN All -N
I u jct yon (ain't tbeai bene.
nd fDuo'om ont awaytioja litre
fhoy'ra scratching all the garden np,
n i T.ld'f cone wa'Tu va'a: 'tai'miai
ait.'( c intrery, as a rale,
od cen'ity otieys my will
t'longh she beard me, iff pat
th, there' Lorenzo rettenxUr
i, -met herald be' stopped to talk
I'hvm hens will ct op everjthie.
w wanting her to uaa wait
Wa'al, It ia nio to walk In Bprlng.
Uf took her hand come that won't do
She seema t stand UDOmaon pllli
i ,i hetter lttthm know I'm renal,
iHl evening, Mr.Fettangill 1
lit In'tmirf me it ain't const
V I wa ah my time has besa and gone
t t!nn rd rely no idee
w IV.-'y was a getting on.
stow np, and pretty aeon
lay us old vm on tbe shell",
n a smart young manual-
I'll tend tJiem Leas niyself.
U icked one! fco Lhni it is you do yon?
r along the trail from your home, the
Lt t see I watch ler, little titer she u
o'tber kind lather oh, go kind -te-
c- here.
-it Ab, Dolorat, it i toen fur French,
sir,
Mi lain om woadtr, anl your davaa k oat
i.z a ban Ire 1 1 males, has tin Amer
i ar brother Manuel, aud to-morrow be
.it an4 old, ant I cannot wateb your
i (if''";
o myllaauel, there ii one. fl shall
s i sprinc
tin' Wht ia that whtoh lie nowseeuj
-c. upon her
'o praised it U, itdced, a ring, and such
a has lrei mules, and he takes way my
ter.
n mere ch, sweat yoang lore, It maVea
heart stir
e here ah be shall hare hla dr.nk
r mi -ths whiskey
Ai e in orw1 1 shall feed her dotes
CONfeTANCY.
uataln eatcp in the blerra Nev !a.
cl-the:, bo iloquise.
t I!rr r. handkerchief now.
u ng my clMh I fd lin tj' .r
:ii-Lice tt: Well, how
ii r ever have erep' ia hero
hat is the other name
it mast be Isabel Kfne
t tter. her What a htu.e
t iu) a lovely little tliicfi.
j. uiVer how could I forget
1 1 w hen that handerca itf 1 took
i -ne l- married jet
V '1 keopn her irlih Uk 1
it!- 1eccli I lliere it wa Kje
i i w I hear how the wild rarf mng
wee alone- there wa nohwly by.
1 1 irre .t many i-ret'O-terras thin.
-ci"i t'ie handkerchief tj my heart,
x to keep it fir eernd ever
n t hems lac -the let it derart,
I -e iUl it should so from me never.
1 i pt ra promise .r all these years
1 id more taithfol thanjoo.
itiu are married. I have my fear
i woman known to be true
i forjtten taa quite, nnd I
i, 'nic tne snb troui jonr t aodkerc'- uf,
'i -cetus as thuici it would never get rirj
t it i i t-w my tssurcd beiiet
t I rlu.l et married when this trip's thtutili
1 l1 ii-ake the heft hatband in the world,
iu-c I atn eer constant and true
i id- tu j ra,; oa ihe clothes line eur'.o'.
J f Wuat'athat Why, J m. old Kij,
vuidtd and by a irrizi y, jou aay
,v i u killed him! Uood 'thai iB cause fir yy
i:m (Inwa here, fellows, th.s side of the way
-util r-ut evil 1 think you will find
i ji i tar trom fun tT be clawel b a bear,
r' 1 r.:u u soxe stuff his wonnds to bind
.uj tke tliit old handkerchief over there
.Miscellaneous Rcurfiteg.
THI. IEA'XS- COl ItTSIIII'.
iw.Y.
i ho l.ai.Jn imw. and richef i woman in all
mntiybidcwai-ihewidow Adam". The
.-mn tujt and belle at tiitccn.a liride at
utt'CD. a widow at twenty, endowed with
T brj m'. and lt latin in the upper f arieli
t!i imi!:n' pasture and w wdland, and
i ind in tnnk stock. little wonder tliat
t i nijrh hci erapc had not dimintshe'J one
uTan 1 l er rcy cheeks and bright tycg
Htii: fchrnided in the widow's vail, that
m mlv e e and manly hearts should lit' di-i-ud
towards her: W wonder that when
i Mcighins jarty from the "Port" chonid
.-.t he- on a bright moonlight evening, that
the ji ettv widow eh iuld look htr best, and
Ik- t lasted as never before, over her Thanks
..it cake. Bwcet eider aid ehoiee oil Ja
maiea. or tiiat when the beaux and liclles
tfie next i cning were eonj;iTrated in the
K-h.tol Iiousc on the "Orecn," to praetiee
i ln.ir finginp. wbieh was juH beginninft fci
-tijierwdc the old-lashioncd "dcaeouing out."
that the handsome widow and her surround
ing should become nutter for discussion.
"beacon I'lufl at the -rincs," had a holy
1.. .rror of this new style of finding. Though
a man onlv a little past forty, be h!d in
fai rcd dif jain an infringement cf hi sabati
a. pru i es. lt made him a person of
mark to s-.-ind in th.' deacon's seat licf.ire
the puli it and read two lines of the psalm,
r th'i-e in the unpins gallery t- turn
n.to mcl uy. b.i the diacjn.ihat cvening.uad
.It tersiirici to go oei to the school house to
M p the I'iMirdcrlv proceedings. Six weeks
awidmcr. I dare not aver how strongly
other reasons urged the step. Lt no one
infer that the delunct Mrs. Cldfl was lor
gottcn, on the contrary she was remembered
ft try hour in the day He was lonesome,
ii-liouc was at sixes and sevens, his chil
dren unrulv. Then he was conscious ol a
-trange sense of freedom the feminine w. rid
w.Li-.igain open to him; it was pleasant to
;:izc at th" lonly maidens or t e society.
Tic ira- hih in the s.wial scale; iast year
ncrscer ol the poor, this selectman of the
t wn. spoken of as tieing likely to be sent to
'V high and mighty (icncral Court on the
'o iIng. With hi-i standing in the church.
irely he might aspire to the lurest nnd
i r'iet of the land-
A huge lire of green logs was sputtering
.in 1 sailing in the wide stone fireplace of the
rude, half linishci temple of learning; the
tallow candles, stuck into square blocks,
whittled lrom a pine sti?k,cast a weird light
over the clumsy desks and seats, backed and
disfigured by their various occupants, east
ing ghostly shadows over the time stained
and smoke embrowned walls. t.rotiped
around the smoking fire and perched hither
ard thither upon the bencties aim uees.
were some thirty lads and laes. singers at
tho Hircen," and a few friends, come to
assist in the acquirement of sacred harmony.
Deacon Clult was nJ artist 1 fear ho
"arcelv understood the lull meaning of the
term till, as be pushed aside the clumsy
outer d wr and stood in the little vestibule,
the pict 'jresqucness of the scene arrested his
tops, and caused hiui t stand unobscned
,n the hair open entrance to the larger room.
A merry laugh rang round the gr 'up as
ihe dcacjD paused; a curly haired, blue eyed
miss, perched upon the lront desk, ex
bimca
Klbridge Clifton expects to marry the
n. hand handsome widow we visited last
night, but the lady ia a good Godfearing
KedenuVt. and would not look twice at such
i Tom Paine infidel and Jellcrsonian Iemo
,iat. Now John Pike has a chance. Cheer
Upjohn, if the school inarm did give you
the mitten. I heard the widow dams ask
vui the price of salt hay.
Another uproarious appeal w.-" the re
spmse to this sally.
"Who 'S this widow Adams'.'" inquired
a oung man, throwing down the bellows
with which he had been coaxing the fire.
"My cousin.Mrs. lke-ic Adams, the fair
est and wealthiest dame in the country," re
plied the damsel on the front desk.
"Where does she lie
"On a splendid farm in the upper parish,
it's a magnificent place- D n't you wish to
1 introduced? Very likely you could cut
out Clifton."
'And what would Miss Mean on if he
lid qutricd a distinguished looking young
wan who was lcanicg aga.nst the teacher's
i'k.
"Marry Deacon Clulf. Girls, you ve a
hunec I saw him pecking round the
mecting-housc Sunday. His wife is cold in
the ground by this timennd he is still young
.nd good looking; lias lots of the ready, is a
'.ig man intends to lie bigger; lias only s:x
rcsponsiblities Girls there's a chance!
Hurrah 1 1 vote Tor tho deacon the boys
may have the widow. Bring on your book,
let 's proceed to business."
Beiore the preceding had been half epokco
Deacon ClufT had retreated across the entry.
At its close.forgetting his mission he fairly
bolted and ran, never stopping till past the
pond and green, when wiping tins perspira
tion from Ins brow, he began to gather up
his ideas Yes. the little minx was right,
he was still young and good looking, rich,
and a man of note. Woo was thi widow
dams He mut learn To bo sure it was
rather quick after his wife's death; but then,
some ol those young fellows would obtain
hcr.and doubtless she would prefer an older
more staid man like himelf. At any rate,
and 1 1 could do no hurt to introduce hiaisclt.
He needed some pigs of course on such a
farm there would be an abundance of pork
its; at lca&t, pigs could be an excuse for a
-all. He would ride up to tho upper parish
the next Thursday lecture and ascertain
where the ladv resided and have a look at
her, if nothing more. The Thursday alter
noon lecture was a graat institution with our
forefathers. A hall holiday to the schools,
it was as regularly attendei as the Sabbath
services, nnd those ir bedth permitted, were
seldom omitted.
The January thaw had coiae. It was poor
iCitrVfititfiYit
in iiiiimi m immmi i --'-irr--TiTrwnniiMMii iiiiubwiiiwimiiiwimi mmmwiim
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII.
Jeighing, no as Deacon ClulT was an expert
horseman, lie determined to tike to the
saddle.
The widow Adams was an orderly woman
-she never infringed upon custom or pro
priety; sbc would certainly have attended
the lecture had not Iier next door neighbor
slipped upon the wet doorstone and broken
her leg; consequently, the liandsomc widow
wae assisting snuffy, clumsy Dr. Bich in his
manipulations, instead of being present at
the afternoon service.
The old.unpainted. Kjuirc meeting house,
with its rattling windows and heavy doors,
basked in the sunshine upon the hill-top.
Males and females dismounted lrom the saddle
and pillwn at the horse block, near the prin
njal entrance; tho long, row or sheds 1k?
camclilltd with sleighs, tlic square pews,
Uig seats and wide galleries were thronged.
The head chorister pitched his pipe, the
tithing man with his long poie seated him
self among the boys in the gallery; the three
deacons took their place in front of the pul
pit; the pastor in his wig,blaek gown and white
bands, walked majestically up the centio
aisl, and slowly ascended the stairs leading
to the high rostrum; the sexton stealthily
tiptoed lorward and humbly seated liimstlf
upon tho lowest step.
The parson rose psalm lwok in hand, the
centre door slowly and noiselessly opened,
the sexton sprang" forward and ushered the
stranger who bad entered into one of the
bestpewB, hesiie a very quiet, demure look
ing young lady,
Notwitlistanding her sombre countenance
and modest demeanor, Tabitha Dole was one
ol th greatest witches that ever danced to
black Sambo's fiddle. She and Misvs Meare
had attended Atkinson Academy togetlier
rnd became cloae friend. Tabitha had lieen
un:ng at the firccr lixcw Deacon Clijffhy
sifl'jtanJ had there leEried of bis widowed
estate. Consequently, when, after service
thr nigh which he had been unusually devout
be inquired for the residence of the widow
Adauis, t! e y ning sprite at once fathomed
his intentiai.
Now there was another widow Adams, a
woiu.m -I sixty with two unmarried daugh
ters. M.san and Hannah, residing within a
stODL's throw of the meeting house; thither
the iiusL'hcvbus girl directed the Deacon.
But a" he stopped to speak to the patson and
other dignitaries, eho ran or to apprise
Hannah Adams, whom she lound alone,
of his comir. Hannah was the fiancee of
Tabithn'-i brother, msnager of the widow's
tarm, white Tabitha had promised to wed
Edward White, another young man employed
upi.n the prei.iiscs.
Five minutes sufficed, amidst giggling and
auppresid ei iculatons, for Tabitha to un
fold a plan, and Hannah 1 1 accede to it, by
which the deae"n was to be victimized.
1'ahitha met her lover as she returned up
the ill, and informed bim or the part he
was expected topi ly in the drama, so when
the suit-ir. proud ot his horse and horseman
ship pranked up the long lane, everything
was in i'ca.!'ncis for an appropriate recep
tion. The W'irtiiv in in ncicr dreamed ol any
mistake. A br,rc substantial farnfhoase with
long turns and an abundance of outbuildings,
surrounded by "U liards, fields and meadows,
everything c inoed wealthh and care.
Hannah anMvired his knock. "Yes, the
widow Ad;nu- resided there. She was ab
sent, bat would return by sunset. Would
not the gentleman walk fn and wait, the
man would take his horse. Pigs, oh yea
there was quite a number, he could look at
them;" S3 Kdwnrd White threw the bridle
over bis arm and the deacon accompanied
him to tne stable More and more pleased
after an inspecti in of the place,andmany in
quiries, all of which his companion managed
to answir satisf.utorily. the visitor returned
to the house, where a meg of flip awaited
him, and he was pisced in a large arm chair
b side tl c firi m t.c clean, bright family
room.
The log snapped and sparkled in the huge
hre-plact, tlic long dresser, brilliant with
rewter and inanv Iiucd crockery, gleamed in
the firelight; the tea kettle sang merrily on
iKn l.imr ttniMimrd' th BlimtfT t.lhlp. with it
r..tlrx .ai.ith. nn.l Im.nititullv Tviintrd china
was drawn out in tne centre oi me ncany
sanded lior. When Edward hitc bad
banded him a nicely lighted pipe the visitor
felt remarkably cjmfirtible,and as he puffed
curls uf smoke about his head and watched
pretty, btixum Hannah Adams as she bustled
aoout, he tnougrit it tne niaia was so goou i
lookinc r-nd he never doul.tcd hrr to be the
serving maid what would be the mistress?
lie scarcely cared, he liked the loka f tln-J
girl, so spry and deit in her movements.
With Imlf closed eyes be gaz.'d, a- the pies
and doughnuts were placed on the hearth to 1
warm, bread, cbce and cake out, the toast
dipped and sausages fried.
Chang, chang, chang fame the helli
good, -Il-fahwned, resounding tells. A j
large, low. cjmfirtablc yel' w sleigh, drove
up i the door. Two Iadi.- in mourning and 1
sable furs were assisted from the robes of
rtrone coverlet-, the f.mt Move was
out, men jit. mtc uroe w w unm ivu.
UCttCJn t luu rum: i iniruuuwu.
A tell, gaunt, rale, wrinkled wornaii, in I
large, runnd-glasK-d, silver mounted spec-
tacks, ent?rci, fullowed by a black eyed, I
tunny laced y jur.ger one.
My mother, the widow Adams, and my I
sister," M:ss Sjsan Adtms," said Hannah in j
her most mudes-t nnd Switching manner.
The deacon ccrUinly experienced a nervous
start. For an insunt his t jngue was paral
vzed, his brain whirled, all bis ideas seemed
resolving to chaos. But he was ft man of the
world, prided himself on always leing equal
to any situation. There was a mistake;
this was not the woman or place he bad
fcougbt. bat it should never tie known, so
with his nio-t courtly air he gave hi name
and inquired respecting the swine.
"Mrs Adams had nut thought of dispos
ing of any, her hired help ate a great deal of
pork during the summer, but perhaps she
could spare a couple; her foreman, Mr. Hole
would W home soon. They must consult
bim. Tne gentleman must st p to tea; alter
that there would he plenty of time for busi-ne-w.'1
The supper was a very-sociable one. The
deacon learned that David Dole was the
prospective son-in-law, as well as foreman to
Mrs. Adams; but be was even more pleased
with Mies Susan than he bad been with ber
younger sister. She having been initiated in
the roguish plot, played ber jiart to perfec
tion, and the mother, though perfectly igno
rant of the conspiracy against the visi
tor, or of his mistake, too shrewd to
believe that tiic purchase of a couple of pigs
was his sole errand. Pleased at the prospect
of such a respectable inateh for her eldest
daughter, she nroe to be gracious and
entertaining as possible.
Tne widower; surrounded by so much femi
nine sympathy, became extremely confiden
tial. "With tears be dilated on tl.c Iwauty
andwrtueof his deceased epousc, gave a
detailed account of her illness and death.
concluding by a graphic description ol his
loneliness and domestic troubles, v. oras ana
sighs of consolation were then arouna mm.
The widow bemoancauur uerea-eu i-oauuiuu
"but she was an old woman and bad two
such dangdtcrs. jicr gmt ww iujr utc
eldest, had been such a e unfort since her
husband s deatb:
The guest looking unutterable things at
the damsel, "was sure it must be so,' while
hhc comforted the mourner with shy. little
glance-", and sweetly tipped halt tin.siied sen-
teuoos.
ved with a sled-
Sunrer over. Mr. Dole arrit
load of wood, drawn from a distant wood lot.
Tbe bargain for the pig having been satis-
factorily concluded, Tabitha Dole came to
spend the evening. Apples were urous"1
nuts were brought.and a bowl of hot punch
mixed.
The tall clock in the corner struck nine,
Tabitha dunned cluak and I100J, and escorted
by Kiward White ostensibly started home
ward, but in reality the pair proceeded no
farther than the ling back kitchen, when
raking open the smouldering fire they quiet,
ly seated themselves upon the settle in the
chimney corner.
Mrs. Adams rolled up her stocking4, took
the knitting sheath from her side, and pla
cing both on a high mantel, brought the
large family Bible and politely requestod
Deacon ClulT-to ret the house in order,"
which, after a slight show of modest hesi
tancy, be proceeded to do in bis best style,
which was really very good.
Prayers over, tha widow, complaining of
fatigue, but begging the visitor nut to hasten
his departure, sought Iier bedroom. The
young ladies and Jlr. Dolo liecimc more en
tertaining. Some cold chicken was brought,
and another mug' of flip made as n tonne
toafAr before the guest set out on bis long
cold ride. Tbe merriment increased, till
somehow the deacon found himself alone
with Miss Susan Adams, who was demurely
knittio" in her mother's low rocking chair
by tbe small round light-stand. He pushed
Li" scat forward, and strove to take the work
from her band She coquciusmy reeiaicj.
ti, .hnifvmt f.iTwanl another bitch, some-
thing intended to be sweet and complimen-
tarv was stammered, then everything swam
before bis yision, his jes closed, bis head
sank on his breast, and the pious, distin
guished Dcicon ClufT was fast asleep.
The maiden's needles clickcd.the firo snap
ped and sizzled, the cat purred on tho hearth
the clock tick-tacked, tick-tacked, then rang
out eleven. Thodeacoa never moved.
The door leading from tho back kitchen
was cautiously opened' and four merry faces
peeped in. Miss Susan cut up her knitting,
and with a motion to silence, softly opened
the dairy room door.and bringing forth a tall
upright churn, she quietly placed it between
the sleeper's knees, and then noislessly alter
ing the lire with ashes she blew out the can
dle and .joined the gay quartette in the next
room.
A little suppressed laughter and the young
men went to their chamber, while the girls
betook themselves to their sleeping apart
ment, a bedroom adjoining the kitchen.
I need not state though the lied was sought
it was not to sleep.
Towards morning Deacon duff awoke,
rubbed bis eyes and shook his benumbed
limbs. Over went the churn with a great
bang and rattle on tho broad brick hearth.
The cat with a terrible Basing, flew up the
chimney and took refuge on the lug pole.
The widow lifted her night capped head,
and muttered that the uncanny witch Goody
Sleeper was at her tantrums riding hither
and tbitber through the night on Ler broom
stick. What was she up to now? Some
mischief at the barn, she warranted; Bbc
must cut some liair from one of the critters
tails and burn it on the morrow. Comforted
at the thought of this specific against evil,
she dozed oil again. Meantime the deacon
was becoming conscious of his wbeaea bouts
and situation. A good deal or shame, vastly
provoked, yet in spite af bis iic Bomewhat
amused, he silently groped out his hat and
coat from the entry, then as quietly made
his exit from the front door, which bad been
considerately left unbarred. Making his way
to the barn by the light of the moon, he
easily procured his lsnee; thj bridle hung
upon the stall, but the saddle was missing.
A bareback ride often miles was no pleas
ant prospect, but after searching awhile the
deacon concluded it muse be done. He was
only too glad to have the moon suddenly ob
scured, that he might escape being recog
nised by any chance wayfarer.
Nothing occurred to ioterrujt his lonely
ride. Near day be arrived at his own door,
a w iscr it not a sadder man.
Some weeks later upon rising one mom
ing our hero espied what at first he took
for a ild animal porched in a tree oppo
site h is chamber window, hut which upon
examination he finnd 1 1 be his missing
saddle.
All parties kept his own counsel. The
vear waxed and waned. Choir singing was
established at the "Green." even a liass
viol had been introduced, much to the Hor
ror of the older members who were scandal
ized at such Papistical innovations. The
yonng and bcautilul Widow Adams had be
come Mrs. Kidridge Clifton, and Hannah Ad
ams and David Dole had been cried three
.t imes in the meeting, when the post brought
a letter to Deacon duff. What was his as
tonishment to find it an invitation to the
wedding.
Taking hear; of grace he determined to
P-.
(In alovelv winter ceDinz uc apiin iuudu
limself riding up the long lace The large
house was thnmzcd. Toe brulc and her
bridematd, Tabitha D.i.e l-oked as lovely
as maidens ever looked. Mrs Susan as mis
tress of ceremonies appeared to a great ad
vantage. l3th the bridegroom and the
groomsman, Edward White, were espeoially
attentive to the deacon. Mrs. Adams, little
wotting the reason, ehided him for not be-
lore renewing his vi"it. Mi-s Adams sweetly I
hoped they should see him again, vie did
not hope in vain.
The orthodox year ol mourning having
ended, after a little coquettish prudery the I
lady cjoscntftl to fill the vacant place in the 1
deacon's household, and before the lapse of
another Year, his (amdv received a mistress,
.7 i L
and his children a mother, wiu verified the
scriptural description of a perfect woman, i
lier cuiiorcn ri-i: up auu ca mivs-ij.
husband also, and he rrai(eih her
nr.- 4wn
wurM ftraioc uvi iu mv
In his latter years Ieacon Cluil was fonJ
of relating how he found hif second wife,
not failing to assure his hearers, with a
merry twinkle of the eye. that he bad never
regretted his vint to the idow
WfitrT'l W.V'J-
Adams.
1 IS A HKI.-IH
TI1K 1 -lREST St WIN. MSCIIINK 1 ToKTi I THE
HORtn H)W the whct-h i: A WtlN I-
tandinp- on the stens of the hotel nt
Bridgeport, Conn., the other day, 1 asked of
the landlord
"Have you anything in Bridgeport wurth
seeing?"
The Yankee host looked :it me with a.
mingling of pity and contempt, and, Yan
I kee-like. answered inv ou.tion by asking
nnot1CT
thcr
Ilaven'tyou ecr licarduf the bigfactiiry
-iiaven tyou tier iicnxu n A. J
Machir liaDd 10 'Cmper iU
Tha'dt.eard of it, as who has not? but it i Off from the main shops is a huge room
had slinp, d my memory that the great Bee- I n-e the eabincts and cases are finished and
hive of industfv, emptying l,o00 persons, stored. Thry look like mirrors as I pass by,
and turning out five hundred and twentv reflecting cred t on every hand that had to
machines icr day, was located at Bridge- d tb tbem. Here I learn something
irt which may rc news to even those who have a
"if vou want to see a sight as is a fight," Wheeler o. iUn cccupying a corner of the
continued the worthy man. 'vou go over there i sitting nx)m. Ihe tables are not composed
tell them you arc a Detroit newspaper man, of one solid piece of board, as one would im
and they'll put you through all right.' I f 'ur or five thin bjards solidly
I had the whole day before me, and was j glued together. This effectually checks any
not lone in making up my mind to heed the
landlord's advice. 1 did not need a guide m
show rnc the route. I knew that nothing
but a powerful mam facturing company
could occupy the mammoth buildings, whose
chimneys ent up Mich tall columns of tmoke
in tbe morning air, and I sauntered towards
them. Imagine to yourself a building hav
ina frontage of one thousand feet and a
depth of seven hundred, three stories high,
and cut in twain by a public street, and you
have the outside view of the great Wheeler
k Wilson manufacturing establishment, only
vnnr imaffinftlinn rill nnt do lUStice to the
size of the building. Ths main building
seems as if it could furnish room for fhe
thousand workmen, and manufacture all the
machines Mld in America; but, three or
four years ago it wan found just one-halt too
small lor tbe demands made for the Wheeler
J: Wilson alone, and eo'this other huge pile
of brick and mortar was erected. Put the
two together tind it makes a building iihich
gatisGcH even Yankee rampoaity.
Seeking tho office 1 am greeted with a
cheerful 'Rood mominp.'aml when 1 give my
name and state iny wishes, tbe polite clerk
calls in Jlr. V. A. Terry, the Superintend
ent of the eatablibbctent. We 'shake,' and
he informs me that 1 have liberty to look
through every nook anil corner, lie volun
teers to co alone, that 1 may nave some one
j flt band t0 an8WC:
inquiries, ana we start
j out
dust at this point I feel like rnnninc away
lrom the manuscript, and leaving tbe ttory
unfinished. If a man bad to bo set down tic
fore a haystack, and asked to assort the dif
ferent lengths ofhtraws, his trouble would tie
Iiardly greater than is mine to go at it in de
tail and stato what I saw. The first sight
you get as the doors of this immense mill are
openea is mat ot uett, puiieyr, auauing nou
machinery, and you almost beliefs that tbe
I power of Niagara is wanted to keep so much
maci)ir.erv in motion. What a bee-hive As
Tni. .tand nnd look down the long shop.wliicb
gjemg to have no end, you bear a rumbling, a
striking, a grinding, a polishing steam hiss
es, hammers go, iron and steel clink, and
scores of men and boys dodge about under
their rpcr caps. You would imagine that
by getting fifteen hundred men in one build
in all would be confusion and excite
mcnt.but it is'nct so. As vou walk along, vou
sec that every movement made by men or Iwvs
it .1 r l 1 .r..i
nnu metnouic as inc uiuuuus ui mo ucaumui
machine which is here seen in parts. I!ut
there is a bit of excitement after nil. The
operatives have got word through the office
that the establishment is four thousand ma
chines behind its orders, and they are strain
in" every nerve to catch up. For days before
my viit, the Factory turned out live hundred
and twenty perfect machines per day, and
the men worked fourteen hours out of the
twenty-four; 520 every fourteen hours would
bo a fraction over 37 m'chincs fur hour,' or
ono for every minute and a half from six
o'clock in the morning until eight in the
evening. Just think of that and yet work
in" at this speed, the Superintendent finds
himself four thousand machines behind or
ders. As we go alon down the seven hundred
leet of busy lire, Mr Perry explains that this
gang of men are working at the bed plates,
this'one at the short lever and connection,
theso arc at the hemmers, and so on all
through the machinery part of tbo machine.
lleatso explains to me mat mc mcu uu noi
work directly for the company, but the pic
ces of the machine are let cut to contractors,
who hire experienced wortmen, the company
I furmehing tools for all.
Everywhere I go, I eee perfect system and
wonderful accuracy. Not OD.y must every
contractor work to plans and guacs, but
each most work eo that his work will tit all
other work, and the machine as a whole bo
absolutely perfect. There are no false blows,
no needless tiling, no waste of material or
muscle. 'J he days do not come and go more
regularly than each blow is struck here. As
we go, we note tho Automatic Machine that
makes the rotating hook the most wonder
ful machine 1 cter saw and when told that
this part of the Wheeler Wilson was dif
ferent from any other machine, and that this
rotating motion, which is continuous in one
direction, with no 6tops or starts, as is the
eaHi with all other machines which tale the
lock stitch, was the great principle which
had made the Wheeler Wilson the leading
machine for fiiteen years, I lingered until ad
moniohed by Mr. Perry that tiino was on
tho move, and wc ra?s in to the gang drill,
the jig, and the wore of other wonderful ma
chines which are called into use in framing
some part of thid wondirful machine. One
punches tho holes lor the wrews, another
makes tho screws, another the bobbins, and
you tec so much that you hardly remember
anything. Wc here kc a hundred machines
being tested. They are placed on gig and
run by machinery. Kvery machine is sub
jected to this trial in order that there may
exist no vant of harmony between tho vari
ous part-. This ought to be a good test, but
it is not conndcred w. On the contrary,the
testing process has only mbt commenced w hen
the machines come oil" the table. Each jart
now gets a cloeo Kxutiny. and if there is the
minutest deviation from truc,it is cast aside
as old iron. Absolute perfection is a motto
here which is adhered to a rigidly as if the
human hand was not capable of making mis
takes. The deviation of a hair's breadth in
samp part1 of the machine might cau?e a tan
gle in the whole. After teveral tests, each
one rowing more rigid, a machine which
fasten them all is sent to the fin.il testing
rttoto, where men are constantly buy. As
the machines are handed in they are tested
with fine needles and coaree one ,long ttitch
cd and line ones, fine cloth and tieavy Kim
ples, and there is no way in which It is not
tested.
I lingered long in the needle department,
becaut-e it was there that the most skillful
workmen, and the most delicate machines
are employed. One will hardly find a tewing
machine needle as email as a hair, but the
finest fcem hardly larger, and it was a que
ry t j me how the eyes were made until i
saw the little drills'at work little bit of
stee! threads that one had to look at twice to
ec. In connection with the needle depart
ment, 1 find the only 'lasses' yet seen about
the establisnmcnt. iney are maimy cm-
ployed in asborting and wrapping the needles f
bavins little to do with their manutactLie. I
You have seen a company of soldiers
march? Well, the monotonous left 'left i
of the Captain, is like the monotony prevail-
1
ing here. Eight band left band this way
that way never mitring a movement, and
the longer 1 stand and liok, the firmer i my
belief that this man or that woman is an au
tomaton, whose eyes, fingers and head are
moved about by some hidden machinery
within. It is wonderful that men can be s i
trained, but it it were not so. the Wheeler X
Wilson would run fast and slow, jirring and
jogging, because not pcrleet machine Bt
pcricncc has shown each contractor that au
work not pericct in every detail, win ue re
jected, and the expense thrown back on his
private puree. usi mm caru wutcti a jcb
eier exercises in the manufceure of a war 1
is exercised here.
Time has been tunning away like
horse, and it is noon. Just like a regm
ol soldiers, obeying the order to 'carry arm
the signal of noon time is obeyed by c.
operator about the building, and the .m
from labor to refreshment is eo euddu- i
marked as to startle one. As the men
and the wheels become still, one ha.- i N :t.
chance t" note the depth, width anl '.cu
ol tnc huudinfis.lwnien emtatn,tor
.i I j .11 i
item, eighty thousand dollars wort1
girders, which support the roof.
A trip back t the hotel, a g
Yankee meal of corned Iteef at!
and I return to the bee hive 1 r
through the shops devoted to tt
ture of the cabinets, nnd the ti1
machines. Just one naif of fit t
Lit e-,
t i k
building is devoted to thi" work l t r- w-
r in, the uperintcndent tells
'hjpsusc up nearly 'JINI.OUO leet .ift'
i choicest pine lumber every in nt!'. uii
that the bilbj paid each month t r tin1
any, rosewood and walnut woull -tirttn -t
any roan in business. I did not a-' rt.ur
I what it costs to run the whole est t' hihni nt
i for a single month, but should su( thit
I the product of a faying silver mine w ul i
required, the cost ol ground, huilduitr un
ehinery nnd tooh must have used i-i
halt a million dollars before a sewing in
was turned oat. Here in these iv i
planing machines, smoothing machini-1
ur
ehi
1.
ingmachinofl turning maeh iocs, and ma 'i m -without
number, all running at once, .wi i
fic or mx hundred workmen d dging arou 1
and among them. Almost every blow i-
"truck bv machinerv. only needing a human
disposition to warp or spring.
But, as the afternoon wears away, we make
shutter stops at each department. There is
one room where I linger, although tbe super
intendent cahts anxious glances at bis watch.
It is among the artists, the men who give the
lat touches to the beautiful machines. Those
who have a Wheeler A Wilson with decora
tions of gold and jearl cannot realize the la
bor and skill rcp.ired to faro and complete
the beautiful patterns. The artiet who gives
life to the bit of canvas, and who has his
reputation at stake, has not a tak more deli
cate than have these patient and well-paid
1 toilers.
Now, we talc a run for.and merely
lance
I at the foundry, the several different boilers
j required to furnish tbe steam, at tbe piles of
lumber and iron, and the dozen store houses
cont lining other materials. There are men
and boys coming and'going, machines are be
ing packed, boles lieing shipped, orders com
ing in by telegraph and mail, and the idea
that ono single human mind directs and con
trols every thing, almost staggers belief.
1 sit down for a while in the officc,and the
gentlemanly assistant superintendent, Mr.
llurd. gives some general facts. Kighteen
years ao, t 'ie annual sale ol sewing ma
chines of all makes, was hardly more than
1.000. Last year the Bales were ovt-r half a
million and the sale of the Wheeler .k Wil
son went far to make up this grand figure.
IIow many stitches can a rapid seamstress
take in a minute? About thirty. Here wc
see how machinery triumphs 01 er muscle.
The W. A W. machine makes 1,300 stitches
per minute worked by foot power, and each
is far stronger and more terfoet than any hu
man hand can make. When run by Eteam,
as is tbe case in many of our largo manufac
turing, eetahl stmiends, tho machine makes
3,0110 jer minute. It is calculated that a
competent mm or woman can with this ma
chine do the work of eight persons, and do
it well. There is not now a civilized coun
try in the world where tho Wheeler tc Wil
son machines aro not in use. They have
niado their way to China, Egypt, Japan.Tur
key. South America, Mexico, Asia, Africa,
Newfoundland, Australia, Italy, Spain,Cuba
and to every people who have use for a nec
die and thread. There are agencies in every
foreign city of importance, and missionaries
act as agents in the far oil countries.
Hut this article would never end if I did
note hop it off at some point. I merely went
through the mammoth factory to satisfy per
sonal curiosity, and I should not have at
tempted a letter but for tho thought of the
thonsnnds of wolverines who think that no
machine equals the W. W.,and who may
be interested in learning how it is made and
where. Ihlroit Eichange.
To Sjjokehs. The great tobacco controver
sy continues to ajritate Great Britain. The
Dublin University Magazine for September
takes np the subject, saying, by way of
apolrgy'Our deft is littered with books
relating to tobacco." One thiDg seems to
bo sufficiently evident Few habits are
rnoio expcnM.c than the habit of wnoking.
Tobacco is shown by official figures to cast
more than bread in Germany, Holland, the
United States and England. The total ex
penditure in the last named country in ISGb
tor tobacco and snuff was X11,43S.L99. These
figures are important, but two things should
be remembered. Tho firut is, that all aggre
gates of expenditure of a nation arc startling.
1c would be the tame with the coet of a
country's buttons or pins, or friction match
es. The cost of tobacco is not large if its
use be in any nay serviceable. Is it?
HsMaTIHril
BURLINGTON, VT., FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 22,
Our writer says that it is not. It is a poi
son. Jt may call "henbane." he says,
cousin.and claims kinship with belladonna.
But even this fact is not conclusive, there is
poison in bread or in most other articles of
food. It ii undeniable that there is rwison
in tobacco, but it is not a poison which, acts
rapidly and fatally, and His only m indi
vidual cases that it acts perceptibly at all.
However, if the use of tobacco does produce
xnorlfid affectiona of the body, it is well that
everybody should know it even the ladies,
since this Dublin writer affirms of his own
knowledge, that many ladies are in the habit
of smoking privately. Xow, let it be
distinctly understood that the use of tobacco
produces locomotorotaxy I f wo may judge
by its impressive name, this muse be a
frightful disease to have. It may be explain
edtbat '-locmotorotaxy' means no more
and no less than a general paralysis of the
nerves supplying the muscles. Therefore,
good sir, if you will puff your meerschaum
tilled with Lone Jack" or "CoporaP' m a
ttatc of ignition, understand that you may be
seized with locomotorotaxy at any moment,
and rendered forever incapable of figuring m
base-ball matches and other games implying
the TOSi-cssion of a healthy biceps. Hat this
is not all. Ifvou will tmoke you mutt just
make up yourmind to submit to one or all of
the following di.eases Giddiness, sickness
of the stomach, dyspepsia, diarrhea, angina
pectoris, liver complaint, heart oompUint
pancreas complaint, nervousness, amaurosis
jaralysi-, ajoplexy, atrophy, deafness,
nausea, ulceration of the gums, check, and
mucous membrancc of the throat, hysteria,
hypochondriasis There, reader, only read
that and go on blowing your cloud ,if you can
You uill Of course you will? We might
lling a whole medical dictionary of the largest
ize at Your bead, and it would not retoim
you. Ue have noticed the &ct that men,
as a raac, arc not ti tc scared out of their
little indulgences by scientific terms. "Is
the cxcrKs.you kno'.v,"and what is peculiar ii
that nobody ever lu the excess. A'. V
Trtbu n e
Marriszea a hundred years ago differed in
moy respects from those celebrated at tnis time.
It is interesting to real over the record of some
of those occwions. Here is an account cf a
m&rrisge celebrated in England in June. 1 700,
by which Miss Eleanor Shotten, an agrruble
yoims gentlewoman,' became Mrs. Wm. Ponk
Iid, the groom being a consideiable firmer, cf
Great Foiiota." nesr Uothbury. in the county of
Cumberland. Of the entertainment giten en
this occasion we are told tht it was Tery
grand, there being no less fhn one hundred
Ami twetitv oaarters of lamb, forty-four qutr-
tr nf vp1 twmtv ntiirters
oi mauon, sou a
great quintity of beef; twelve hams, with a I
suitable number cf chickens, etc., which was 1
rrith it Silf nVrF nf brand v made
into twelve doxen of cider, a gret
miQV gallons of wine, and ninety bushels of
mait made into beer. The company consisted
0f five hundred and fifty ladies and centlemen, i
who concluded with the musio of twenty-five j
i i l 1 1 Ut. .n.tn
ttdJiers ana pipers, anu me uv wuuuui-
ed vrttli the utmost order aod unanimity.'

Who abe to Dlame foe Tohass ExvaAv-
juitfccx Weventure todoubt the statement,
so often repeated, that women generally,
American women in particular, are extrava
gant. Women, it is true, are the slaves of con
ventionalism, indooey tne communis oi lasmou
eTen tDoee commands are felt to be a bur-
den ao I a weariness. If they are thus obedient
V' ftsb-.n, the 'Vr sex eaa-f- the obedience,
n 1 t lie trn r i" ineref re e nrsou tu them both.
D-it
men av ty nature eon They
p ai arn. n to tU'a wh n ti mtn ie wi
ii gh i tup -fei'i e, a-. 1 is -ii BU'-h attcn a t
tli nut u' f vine ths." tv r.t hs .n
',u !n the maj nty cf .i.'ann s wi mc n are
the c rrcct.f rather tiau the prmjUrs of ex
rraaar.cc Many a can !iu f uni a pro let. t
w it tu 1 1 .n tii s parnco'.ai the l-cn cf teacher.
It h true t a p1"- parous c' iisps in Amrr ca m
da in 1-ixu'ie wbkh many 'nies are in-'tn-s-sttnt
with rrulecee, and at all umesare hu-t-fTasfanipes
t society. But this rasiun
i r disp'ay is i en e.tciula'ei I y the am -ti
mf nnaiy tSeextravagar.ee if women
In all (i h la.tjness, men, a a role, leud fie
wav o r. stt i! posit ii n is deterxn'ned by
expen btu-p. and Dot t y culture rste anl w-rtb.
s lung w,.' l-o'i American men anl wnien be
'.n ler r temptati -tis to spen 1 with prodi
gality b Jt we rutest rgainst the ha-. fat
tr'ut n," t tne odp sex a! ne a fu!t wh'cS,
wh-ever it ei e!S. isc-nnnnti Wth A bat
w nee I if- itru-r c.a stanlari Most w..
men ti,o h wnefs of a 1 fe f display tut
i 1 rv 1 f w c eiy o .lges We wish taat
i re nt them Wi n 1 rebel aud l.t-eratc ibt ir rtt
wr ill e then sen that tSf 'isar Is of them
Kuji'y Wib 'lie Wi -Id's eja-t. cs. t fish .n,
un ier pri test, and are liv.n,; in the b n lie f
l.ar tt that in lescnt's'ilf nify iomtn t' cuo
teuiplti 'U-lv s'vlel Mrs lirundr, ut m e sr
tr'y cil'ed ib-' w t' 1 Mjt -t vrlic i Is
there no' fir th' 'ii s me op- Je ivercme
T V,
m rig t ie can h-
dues r i ,l e at the late I'a ifrn a clectu o
wis one wh i was very annous Du the d
bef re iie e'.ec'i. n several aoijaaintanees suggest
eltba he in is j voire pateri You can
never win, 11 fel uv, un'ess y grt pasters,"
S4' 1 they. 1 You need a great nurarer, t io,
t .r eer, holy wi.l aeratob in yi.-ir fat r
Ine suggeeti. n was easant th" can b laie
c 'inted his cash capital wm -h lay m his right- t
hand antaloons p -cket fterward he walked
t a print uig-base, and rder i ae printing of j
ihhi copies bei'ing 'n mine Yoa will
have them gummed an 1 cat, of coarse," said
tje p inter man No, I think not I'll do
that myseif," replied the candidate. Dubious
ly dil the printer look at him, but as tbe cash i
was paid in advance, he siid nothing. The
printing wis not done until after 'J o'clock at
night, and the candidate, who hal been walking
up and down the hatchway, marched triumph-
antlv toward home with his 30 000 pasters.
Abont one-half of them will he watted' j
thought he; the balance added to the straight
tickets will render my election sore." They sat
up all ntht fixing' the pasters the candi
date and bis wife, and his wife's mother and his j
eldest daughter. Tbe candidate spread mucil
age over the basks of the printed sheets of pa-
r: theJihtfrhanirth.moaa line imiiut
toratodrT.acil taa wife aa.l her motb,r I
cut until their hnJs tin f titl Ja 1 fwollra.
To o'cloc'.-, o'clock. 5 o'clooSc cm, anj still
tbe; workl awiy, jnwaiDj; at erery clip of the i
ihenrs. The carpet wm Hrewn with scrp cf
piper, the table rireakeJ with laucilagr, md the
candl'Jite himself was a 'eratnbalatiDg eoart
pla&ter, to gummy wis he. M7 dear,- raid
his wife, at haiNpast 5 haven't you enough
thumb is almost cut in two with the shears,
and crandm.1 is quite done too We had
I better keep cn, my love," replied the candidate;
I shall need them all pear me said
she; I didn't know there ere 30.0U0 voters
in the city." -4Uf course you didn't; women
are not expected to know anything about poli
tics The oandidatc had no sleep that night,
anl at an early hoar in the morning sallud
forth to distribute bis 20,000 pasters. Then he
worked all day, spent a good deal of money
for whiskey anl a good deal of bretah for notc
iog. Then be spent another 21 boars in seeing
the ballots distributed. In his own precinct,
where he hal worked so hard, 800 votes were
cast, of which he received two, one of them by
means of a paster. Elsewhere his luck was sim-
.ar. wn going noma no re.ponueu s.piy ,0
going home he responded savagely to
tne creeiinc vi nis wire, woo leu ture uenu
b w .,n n-va
been elected, with: circulated d0,000 pae-
ters, and I got just 30 votes If you ever say
pa:er to me again, I'll sue for a divorce. lm j
going to bed j
Doston AnruiK In the New York Tribune j
appears the following
There is refreshing contrait between the ac-
counts of the entertainment cf tbe Grand Date
Alexis in Boston, which we print to-day, and
that of New York's elforts on a similar occasion.
The Grand Duke had all tht New York cocks,
wine merchants and upholsterers could do to
make his visit agreeable, and a charming trip
around the harbor was thrown in. But Boston
bids htm welcome with such voices as those of
Winthrop, Kli&t and Lowell. It is something to
have a plenty of money to hire Paris cooks, but,
after all, there is more real American flavor in
the verses of Oliver Wendell Holmes and the wit
of James KuBeell Lowell.
LofcT axd Tounu. In searching outside of
books for strange romances, co more interesting
is ever found than the following vicissitudes of
real life extending over various widely separated
parts cf the globe. Twenty years azo an Ea
gluh merchant at Rio Janeiro, Brazd, who
though going to that place a poor boy, had
acquired a fortune, went home on a vi.it While
there he met a beautiful orphan girl whom he
wooed, won and married, and Jhe two returned
to Brazil, where two chill ren were born to them
and for years they lived in the relations of trust
and affection which should always exist in the
best assorted marrisges. They occasionally made
visits to Kngland, and on one cf their trips the
merchant heard rumors prejudicial to bin wife's
fidelity, which by degress fanned the fiame cf
jealcui-y within him, and he directly and openly
accused her of what report had whispered to bim.
Although the lady indignantly denied the fault
aod cballenged bim to his proof wbicb he was
enable to produce, coldness and distrust so grew be endeavored to explain to his nearest compag
upon them out of tbe rupture, that by mutual non de voyage that the part:cnlar Said in the
consent they separated, he fixing an annuity up- j barrel had too much benzine In it but tbe geo
on her. Weary on his part of old associations be I tleman said he bad an engagement higher up,
made bis way to North America dd consider- and could not wait for tbe explanation. Mr.
able trading in the West, acd had his head-1 Gray continue his ascent till he met Mr. Jones,
quarters in St. Paul, Minn., where, though who informed him that there waa no necessity
grave and taciturn in the extreme, and avoid- for htm to go up higher, as everybody wis com
ing close intimacies, lie made many friends by Ing down; so Mr. Gray started back to te with
his consideration for other ieoLle and strict i the rarer. Mr. Gravs widow offers for sale the
honor ro all his buMUss transactions. By the
laws of Brazil bta wife was allowed to marry
again, and this she did after a few years,!
although by such a step she fctftlted her
annuity, HerhuibanJ, an educated but poor
gentleman in feeble heilth, soon dieJ, and she,
with two children by her first husband, wa left
in-destitute circumstances. Knowing nothing
of her husband's whereabouts the, folio wing
some mysterious impulse, came to the United
States, and in the fall of 18G9 found herself V1
St Paul. There the long eeparted met once
more, and in ipite cf the crosses that hal been
borne, and the suspicions that had been excited,
the oU love was renewed, an! a new wedding
was the remit. Since then they Hred more
happily than ever at the West until the other
day, when they left New York for England to
end their days in their old borne.
The Last of the Commune.
SHOOT IS Q OF CJSSKL, FC&&E ASD B3U&3XOI3.
At half-pist six ths prisoa doors opened, and
I siw Ros&el came out, a30onipnied by the cler
gyman and alrocite, who, with him, entered
the van which wxi waiting to recti re them, and
which drove off at once with its eworL Rowers
step wm ci!ta and firm, and his fas? pate, but
resigned an 1 plaetd. Uiargeots, the sergeant,
followed him, pnffins great jets cf Bmoke from
his cigarette, and assuming an attitude of defi
ance aad ialitTereaee which prod used a painful
impression. Ferry was even more jiunty ia
tatuner. lit, loo. was seeking, and jumped
Into the van with the air of a man who ws do
iog every l hi dj for efft. Ii is httf an hoar's
drive from the prison to the Artillery Butts on
the Xain if dttory. A thick hor frost
whitened the pUis, and a cold moruiop air
swept sharpiy across it. For cud g tiree sides of
an imni -De equare were arranjred. two dtep,
about three thuustad men the fourth aide was
filled up by the high wound which forms the
butt, and io frcnt of wh vb, at intervals of about
thirty yarJs, weie threu white atakes before
these Hike w trr the three ebooting parties,
compose 1 each ot telv men. At the left
corner, and about thirty yania from the nmtest
tube, were a primp cf&o.-rs and about a dozen
civdtanf, with the JrucH anl hagle Here I
WAV sttiou?J
In a few moments the drums announced the
arrival of the vans, which drew up in the
middle (f the iqure. and fiom each one a pris
oner decendttt Kuaeel, still accompanied by
his paster an! advee', between whom bo
walked, aueudel by a :rgle gendarme, ap
nnwhel the stake nearest t me He wai still
calm, and the exprei m of hn face on: of per
fect eAf Taere was u entire attaencftof I
an)tbio like hrvab. as artyioia like fear I
His attitude ws exady ibt which a brave j
man's under micti circumoiance ahuU have
beeu lie ih ok bands wroiy with those who I
were with h in, ant also with an tracer rho
came on and fool to mm, an-I once more
atked in a clear t.u.e.
aujW.etous a'.!, if there
w9 one of his jalg s present, a be wis-hed to
shake him by thebnl bore ne tiled, a an
lone that be admitted he had d -ne but duty
io condemning bim This c.ueed a moment
ueiiv and buzx in the grutip in wh.ch I wa. but
no officer answered tu the appeal u Rmm!
quietly took eff h. (treat c-at. put h; back to
the stake, drew hitwi f up to lull he;gbt at the
I k arm anil IttmiiiiiJ
usaat; wis um ws """uk-
motionlees.
Meant.aic the oUu-r two priioners approached
tbeir rwppctive attais. the tergeant with a leas
.waggencp but perfectly firm atep, Ferre. with j
even Itore leaiiji mir iuu unuir, tun rtuv- j
ing and p iff og lare jets, that there might be i
no mistake ft!' ut t' Wbashort, qnuk step'
he waiked up tj u.- sTakc, taming sharply
rounl and 1 lily Ucug thi shooting party. I
When the wh te han-erdi.ef. with which the1
eye ef ti ther two wr" I L ng bandaged, was
pr.d..cd be wivel his hand denently, flung hit
bat cau.tssly upu the ground, drew hm-
self up to in foil height, which cannot be i
m re than f ur feet six inches, and waited
rbingly tor the fital word It was impuS-
t r men to :ie dte'h with more (heroism
tiiin Kcssel, cr with greater effrontery and in
d i-nice than the otber two. The speoiacle,
whuh had up to thia time been invested in my
.'..as nation with every element of horror .seemed
in -1 reaecce cf eo much cov'nefs to be robbed
f r,i t its terrors, ft hen, indeed, the final word
ki' g n, a&d the fatal volley rang oat simal- j
tint- is'y from three shooting parties, who had i
a i a ivanccd to within tea paces, I bad alsctt i
erase 1 realize- the ternMe natareof ttetrage-iy
w'i was paing before me. Rossel was bot by
a f it tv if the cjrf of bogineers to whieh he bt
u t ge-1, and they showed a trae mercy. As the
t-y ring out, wi'h a srgbt spring be fell back
It vd. There wa- not the lapse of a eecond
tweinthe moment he wa- standing a strong
,an, ar.' that in which his corpse was ly-
inc 'i t'legrounJ.without even a quiver. It was
n 1 ijwever.with the other two. Boargeoie,
wh i wit in the mtddle.fell at once, bnt wa found
t 't i. detd. an 1 a told ter, as is usaal io sneh j
Ci.is, i ut the man e if hit rifle to his head, j
ar the sharp ring seemed to cardie one's
I i Ferre, who was I Kkm down tbe muz
es r the rifles wbico, were aimed at him,
feme! to have nerved ntmreii i saoa a p ica
tbar he remain d standing motionless atter the i New Vork Clt, only nt rrfXllt l,oefises
rwo ..then had fallen, tor two or three second i afteT etamination under th- new law; 658 must
he st. -i apngbt after the whole volley had been hf lhettwTW h ine U( t December or
firel fr.m the first rank. I: waa not antil tbe tofler fi(ie toi mpimttit At least one-third
secr. 1 rank fired, one or two seconds later, that of tbe -3 w nte the Srit time as
h s knees Iow!y Nnt and be sank gently to the nnBt
en un I. Even then the dread fa I coup d grace
wb.ih proved thatinthe opinion of the doctor l 10 bnchburg. Mass ,.y down in a fly
h e w.i not quite extinct, bad to be fiveo, and i wh7l r!J tb S
with a shudder of relief, as if I had pawed wl ,"1 ,,h hV? rU",OS
through some terrible nigbmare, I horned from hur?- ,ha deiectel her and gave the
the spot, leaving the army in the a-t of marchine hen the engine w stoppe.1 tbe c it
past the corpse. As I cast a Wtt look at them. rtt"1. maKintf sixty revo-
I could not tut feel how fibVrcnt was the spirit iut,," "f10"1 toT ;hrte hour" h lt a
which had animated each at the laat moment. Ros- J lDt "r lI rescuers,
sel had died ct mmenlieg his sual to God Bour- Mr. John Cbapmnn, tbe tdttorof tbe Salem,
geois ha 1 gone through tbe form of confers 1 on. Pa., Reenter, does not begio work on bis Mon
and died pmhably in the ignorance of a super- day morning pat er until after midnight of Sun
stitious so,der while Ferre died, caring as I day. The habit is now quite fixed upon him,
little for his own life as he had for those of others,
and declaring, in the last lines he ever wrote, on
tbe morning of his death, that be would die, as
he had lived, a Materialist. Cut I.mion
Tim. t
'Dramatic and Musical Notes-
1. 3. Gilmore had charge of tbe music at the
Duke Alei's' ball, at the Boston Theatre, Friday
even'ng.
The new ip-ra bjue at IVovidence. ona of
tbe finest theatres in t&e country, was formally
J!!. Mo"'1. 1,h.'' P0"" lT 'B
a ,lJrfM V. V.r ""J1
and the coineJy of Fashion by the stock
company, tho who'e concluJiag with a grand
dinner to the s'o-:kholders Tbe new theatre ia
greatly admired for the oompleiene of its ap-
r,"""l",a
Adelina IVti was reoalled. after her first per
formance at Moscow, twenty-nine times.'
Tbe Howard Athecicum has killed off the St.
James, tbe opposition variety theatre at Bjston,
and the doors or the latter are doted. Tbe
Howard not only gave a more attractive show
but entered into a combination by which per-
formers who wsepted a situation at the
T wry mm van ilKarrail frm smruurtn sat nf
the principal variety hatle ot tbe country.
Dtignoli, the tenor, in May, 1567, with tbe
members of tha Tarepa-Urignoli troupe, under
Strakosh, were travelling from Chicago to
Cincinnati on the Chicago and Great Kiterh
railroad, and when near .Loansport the ctr in
which he was sitting overturned he was
thrown cn his side and his collar bone was
broken. lie was unable to appear in opera
that season, lie instituted a tuit tt recover
damages lor the injuries sustained by bim. The
ew tml ia Vork Cit. 4ml the jar.
n-i, a in
1 gave lingnoli &,eort.iu. An appeal was taken
w nJ-Vt
months sco. Lately they rendered their de-
cteiMon sustaining tbe Court below.
George Lingard, one of the most talented
members of the famous Christy Minstral
troupe, died lately in London. Tbe whole of the
minstrels rurroanded the last resting place of
their departed friend, and sing the hymn for
the dead in an impressive manner.
An insane musician attempted tu kiss Miss
NlI!lon at oei" hotel ia New York cn Tuesday,
and was ants ted
Vieax temps has accepted the portion of first
proftssor cf violin at the Bniffels IConrerva
tory. llottiini. the rrpvrrar nt aNinti--hit,itt hn
gone to Ksrypt as Impressario cf tbe Cairo Ope
ra. Recently at Madrid he received from his
enthusiastic admirers a chaplet cf gold.
Ambroifs Thomas, whose Migncn has been
received with such favor in New York city is
adapting his opera IVyche" for the Grand
Opera.
Mifs Kate Stanley, the new Stalaeia for the
Black Crook,' has arrived. She is said to be
the handsomest Baalish actress who has yet
visited New York.
Rubenein, who since the retirement cf Liszt
is the greatest of piano virtuosos, will visit this
country next year.
Not a Satisfactory .Experiment. Here ia a
bit of grctefqae humor from New Orleans
Mr. Gray discovered a non-explosive illumi
nating fluid. Tobhowhow safe tbe compound
was, he lav ted a number of his friends to meet
him in his room, whither be had brought a bar
rel of the fiaid, which he at once proceed el to
stir with are! bet poker. As he went through
the rcofofbis house, accompanied by his friend',
1 secret for tbe manufacture of tbe non-explovive
fluid at a reduced rate, as she wishes to raise
money enough to buy a silier-handled coffin,
with a gilt plaCe. for tbe late Mr. Gray. No
cards.
1871.
Comical Answers by Aspiring School
Teachers.
The minds of some people in Henry County,
Ohio, have been much disturbed by their friends
beiDg refused to teach schcoL To satisfy the
disturbed minds, the School Examiner of Henry
County, CUrkion Divlf.furnlihes them, through
the columns of the Newcastle Courier, the fol
lowing answers given by disappointed applicants
to ths questions asded them
Qaery What is affectation in reading?'
Answer It is affecting to hear a scholar
when he gets up to read, to speak his words dis
tinct and mtud his punotnition marks. Affec
tion Is sympathy for the piece
I havs my class sitting, bat when one reads
they rise to their feet
Denne sugar, sincere, ct
A. let, I cant define; 21. sincere, more
sincere, most sincere; 31, calf, calves and
calves Generous was defined as a person
with a free will; stlary. a sum paid for work;
sugar, mineral; scissor, spilled einrs
skull, schull; gnaw, pnaw.
Location was defined as a situation for a
term. Presently, any thing that is to take
place after awhile. Iowa wts spelled Iwsy.
What is the difference between the local and
simple value of a figure
don't understand the question.
What is a cubio yard
1 It is a cubic yard contain iog a certain num
ber of solid inches.'
One requisition wsj to write 891 in I'oman
characters, and out cf a number of marvelous
comb-nations of the alpSabet I aetect the follow
ing CCC,CCC,OCC,LXXIV.
Pitch is a raising or lowering of the voice.
Emphtcis is placing more d.stres on some
words
The food is first nmticated, and then passes
through the phalanx.
Respiration, is the sweating of the body.
Tteebeet is formed of two bones, the sternum
and the spinal obord The animal part can
be shown by pooling a boo in actd
The Ohio riier flows X rtbeait, and forms
the Northern boundary of Osio. -he Red
Sea and Yellow Sea are in Europe.' Craiil is
in Am
The beautiful i oecery and fertile sjilledto
tbe d i ico very of America. The number of
brotd acres laying untitled led to the discovery
of America,
At the time of the discovery the Indians
were kind and in good circumstance!. 1 They
was in a critical condition at the time of the
discovery.
Virginia obtained its name from t&e Virgin
Mary Virginia, so named by Queen Victo
ria calling it a virgin State.
POLITICAL.
A prominent politician who is understood to
know Tweed's plans, says that the Bors" will
not resign but mean a to take bis test in the
senate at any cost. He has in his possession
lists of bribes accepted by republican members
of the legislature which wou'd roia the latter if
published, and he thinks this fact will prevent
any attempt to contest his election.
Frederick Douglas has announced in the .Vrir
Era. nobliihei a. Washington, his fixed and
unconditional purooe to support General Grant
for renommaticn and re-election. He admits
that'this will be opposed by imeof the best
friends the colored race has eter bad inside and
outside the councils cf the catioD.but declares that
Grant, of all men in the land, is most dreaded
by the reactionary elements which have arieea
in the wake of deteatet rebellun and slavery
The Evassvi:le (lad Cowttr says the object
cf the Democracy is victory, and if this can be
ata nel by an alliance w. u honest Republi
cans, who are strong encugh to ji re ut a victory
we are ready to extend a helping fcatd. Toe
generosity of this decUra::on tquals the won
derful condescension of Hans Breitmion,when
be ssys
i)t any nun who irife me bis ft t
Votwer hi tolelicl pe
iikall rjr r rryzrltt
Atk bo!i4tjai fritndt py me.
I. i-Ool lector Murphy is on the slate for police
commissioner, vice Hank Smith, to be removed.
Tweed will be compelled to wi'hdraw from the
Tammany Society. This is the uc kindest cat
ofa'l"
The World calls upon the Democracy to
give up the Klei of nominating a Democrat for
tbe 'residency That certainly woukl be a good
thing to give up, be
as we have already sug-
gesiw. a "'ii mmg woa.u ior :ne enure
P"J 10 g.ve up tae gnos.
flltliUXT OTl.
Tnc recovery of hicago nooe the fire is the
marvel of tbe century. Only two months since
the fire broke oat, and already there aie as many
liquor saloons a ever Even the disciples of
faro, keno, and otber probta are reaorg ambling.
Vhxra jo Evening Pott
Oat of the 1,1 drazgiftis a&d drag clerks in
as be has maintained it for the last fllty-six
years.
A Washington letter says Mi.' Minnie Chin-,
dler. only child of Ztcbimh Chandler, Michi
gan's millionaire ?cntor, ie soon to be married
to Mr. Eugene Hale, one cf the Kepreeentatires
in Cocgres, from Maioe. Miss Coaad'er has
been one of tbe belles of Washington the past
two seasons. She is quite yonog, is m nitnral
blonde, has a tali, graceful agate, n very at
tractive taoe and lively, Uciaaticg manners.
Street lamps are lighted again 00 the north
side of Chicago.
There are 78 raiiruids in Germany, owning
1 i-.l miles 01 rct.
1 The ptivate art galleries of 'ew Vork city are
1 worth nearly a million dol'ars j
Thirty-six ihonand persons are rtceiviag
1 temporary relief in urooKiyn, .V 1
Tbe Rev, T. l2witt Talmajge is reported to
have said in a late discourse If there be one
gulf in bell deeper thsn another, it shall be the
doom of these new -paper men whose pen is
stabbing to death the parity uf American so
ciety." Here is a marruce notice from the N Y. Sun
I i..n.u ir.,i..u, v-k--

1, at early candlelight, in tbe wigwam of the
bride, in the town of Mason. Mion county,
Tex-w.by Justice James M. Haater.Senor Robert
Girdoer of the Mexiotn Republic to Mi.s Amy
ferryman or tbe iIJ Cat trtte of Seminole
IndWas
A St. Louis firm makes a fortune yearly from
the receipts of fifty liquor htr on steamboats,
for which it furnishes potables anl tenders. It
is a grand river hr monopoly
There is a man in 1'adacab, Ky., who breathes
through a silver tube in bis throat. It is imme
diately below the apple, and goes into the wind
pipe. He can only talk when be places his finger
on the tube. He has been in this condition for
eleven years.
Young Gent Might I ask you, Miss-
ah. Miss Very sorry, sir; bat I am en-
aged for the next three dances Young Gent
It is not dancing ah it is it's beg your!
pardon, Mies you are sitting on my hat i

A lady's wardrobe is considered incomplete j
without a seal-skin jacket.
Some beatiful muffs have made their appear-
ance, which coat S260,
It is fashionable this seaiuu to border a fur
laekst wi-h another kind of for. I
Mrs. Dorcas Rice cf Jaffrey, N. n was 102
years okl on the 10th tost.
Mansfield Hatch of Newton, N. H., was found
frozen to death in the woods oa tbe Cth inst. Two
beer bottles by his tide explained the case. He
was 45 years old.
A veteran tramp' ninety-four years old, is
now peregrinating through Ohio. He has beeu
on the tramp for seventy-five years, walking, on
tbe average, C000 miles a year. lis ia now en
roufe for fens.
The grind duke is gradually learning Ameri
can nomenclature. In one set ia which he
danced, at the Brooklyn ball, there were three
la lies named respectively Smith, Jones and
Brown.
A mouse ia Belfast, Maine, was found the
other day frozen stiff upon a hammer, investi
gation showed that in picking up something
that lay on the iron head of the hammer the
tongue of tha mouse had frozen to it, and being
unable to get away it had d:ed.
In November, 9,260 Germaos arrived at New
York,3,.j00 mora than came in the same month
last year Tbe whole number of Germao arri
vals this year, 78,928, is an iccreise of 10,212
over the same period last year.
Mis Minnie F. Austin, a native of Nantucket,
la now associate principal of tbe Sin Francisco
Female Seminary, and a member of the Califor
nia State Board for the examination of
teachers.
New Bedford toasts of a tame partridge. It
was placed in a cage with same quaile, but eats
from a man's baud without quail ing.
The publishers of Beecher'a life of Christ"
have already sold nearly sixteen thonaand copeis
of that costly book.
NUMBER 20.
Correspondence.
From Washington.
Rumored retirement of Secretary Akerman.
The government money vaults examined.
-Vo frauds discovered. TTie Anti
Grant movement.
Wasuixotox, Dec 13.
Dear Free Press and Times:
The retirement of Attorney-General Akerman
is no longer a matter of doubt and guess work.
From good authority I have learned that he will
withdraw from the Cabinet this week, and that
ex-Senator Williams of Oregon will succeed him.
It is geeevally believed that Akerman will re
ceive an appointment to a life position. Hw
earnest efforts in favor of the administration en
title him to consideration.
At the request ot Treasurer Spinner,a cumber
of bankers' experts have been employed by the
Secretary of the Treasury ,to search the vaults and
count the money ia the hands of the various
heads of divisions and to investigate all the
books, accounts, and moneys cf the Treasurer's
Bureau. The work went on without cessation
from Saturday evening till Monday momicg.and
covered every department of the Bureau, except
ing the sealed packages in the vaul's. The ac
counts of one teller showed a balanee of S30 in
his favor and another 20 cents short. All others
tallied precisely with the money, each effiee ia
responsible for. The result is a triumph cf the
Secreury cf the Treasury and Treasurer Spinner
over those who are dispose 1 to carp at their ad
ministration. El ward G. Bradford, Esq., was nominated by
the President yesterday, as United States Dis
trict Judge of the District of Delaware, vice
Hon. Wi.lard Hall, resigned. Mr. Bradford is a
sound and consistent Republican, and while at
the bead of the Delaware Bar, he was appointed
by President Lincoln United States Attorney for
the same district, which position he held until
his opposition to Johnson's ape tacy caused his
removal. He was twice nominated for Unite 1
States Senator by the Republican minority of the
Delaware Legislature, and his appointment is,
withal, one suitable to be made.
Senator Sumner fittly denies that he had de
nounced all movements to defeat Grant. I am
willing to believe he has never yet given up the
hope of attaining the Presidency himself, from
his present ridiculous attitude.
Senator Wilson has been interviewed, aad
states that he has tried to brieg about a leen
cUittioa between Senator Sumner and the Presi
dent, but was UDsucaeesful that he (Wilson)
is convinced that the Republican party is
stronger than ever before, aad that Grant is the
strongest man in the party.
It is stated upon high Democratic authority
that a few evenings since a conference of lead
in;; Democrats in Congress was actually held
here, with several anti-Gran Republicans, who
are at work organizing an opposition party to
coalesce wita toe democracy to prevent the
re-election of President Grant. It is said to be
the desire of these sore-heads and traitors to
Republican principles, to bare the name and
cime of running the opposition themselves, 'and
to leave the Democratic party ostensibly free
jJTJot
This announcement is fully set forth by Zeta of
the BaltinaoreSa who is one of the race t accurate
Washington correspondents, and is known also
as tbe correspondent of thertew Yore florid.
He says the parties to this secret arrangement
object to their nama being a fed in print and
well they may desire io conceal their perfor
mances, for when discovered (which they are
tare to be) tbey will unquestionably have leave
to retire from the Republican ranks to the tase
of the Rogues March. But, as there is no
earnest movement among the real teaders of the
party, when tbe utile game of the pes sum
Democrats comes to light, it is quite likely that
tfie anti-Grant men, wnom they pretend to me,
are not Republicans a: all, or if so they are
men of very little character and no influence as
Republicans.
Correspondence of tbe Free Press.
Letter from East Tennessee-
raixiTirx simplicity wast of la as is' asd
s jhbt educational pbospects.
Kxoivilli, Tenn., Dec 10, 1871-
.Vest i Edxtort Not long sioee, I paid a
short visit to the home of a wealthy farmer, a dozen
miles or so from this city. The people iter e of
the regular Southern stamp, formerly slave
holders, are very much like good substantial
farming people in Vermont, exeept in point of
educational tastes and also their houses,
groaiuis anu surroundings, are not as well kept
as those of ordinary Vermont farmers. The
proprietor of the place visited is a descendant of
one oT tbe old settlers of the coo a try. The
slaves of which be was tbe owner are now all
gone, except one old negro, Uncle Phil." who
till lives in his old hut near the house, and
who, when told by tbe Yankees taat he was free,
and could leave his master if he would, replied
that be didn't think he could find another
cmokehoue like Mai?a George's. Tbe oldest
daughter was educated at the North, and is a
very interesting young lady. She declares her
self stall a 14 little rebel,' and sajs if another
war should come, she will raise a female regi
ment to fight for the Southern cause. She ad
mits that she likes tbe Yankees, and that they
are eaperior to the people of the South in cul
ture and eoterprise,and tht things are extremely
tljw and behind the times here m Tennessee.
It is from 15 to 30 miles from one vi.Uge to
another in this region, and even tbe mam roads
are very poor. It would be unsafe for a stranger
to drive, at night, over the road between the
country residence referred to and Knoxville.
The genuine Tennes-eaa ridea on horseback and
dont mind bad road, and wagons are regarded
rather as a Yankee innovation. Some of the
stndents come in to Knoxville every morning on
horseback, often riding two on one horse.
AThe better class of people here, a small min
ority, live quite respectably but the mjjrity,
tbe poor whites, inhabit log buts, and live in
tbe most primitive style. Their d.et is uniformly
corn bread and baoou, and their dress bome-mtde
t blue jeans. Their ltucuige abounds with odd
expressions. Tbey meet up with you on the
1 road, greet you with a 41 bow dy, (for, how
are you reckon its a right smtrt chance for
rain, have their tiu plowing right smart
done'' and will have It done done" sacn.
They are doubtful about the necessity of books
and Iarnin bat are mostly upright and
quite religious, and not at all troubled with
skepticism. The other day in a Sunday School
class, in answer to a question as to the direct aid
of divine grace in resistance of temptation, (asaa
appetite for strong drink, or tendency to bursts of
passion) oce of tbem a&fumed a contemplative
air, for a moment, and replied, Wal, I don't
know sure as it would cure a feller a!t up, but I
1 reckon it would jest come right smart near it,
any how, if he tnel right good h:mself
1 Bat wita all their simplicity, tbe people among
tbe mountains of iat lennescee have a great
deal of good ntture, and good sense and tbeir
religion is of a very practical character Dur
ing my visit at this country residence, I heird
some accounts of religious revivals, which had
occurred in towns where the war had left an in
1 tensely bitter feeding among the population, who
were so divided, as was the case here The min
I isters told the converts that religious people must
be at peace with all men,' and in many cases,
these revivals hal restored coneoid in com
munities where "hatred and strife had been ex
i tremely violent.
1 In Political alftirs the people have very great
1 confilence in their leaders. My not is a John-
son man, has known Andy and been associated
with him for years in political life, aod thinks
him the greatest man in the United States."
I am informed, however, that this A. J., having
t&fcsided from the larger public life, is now
"rerving tbe people' in the little city of Green-
ville, his native place, ia the mt,re humble
capacity of road master
The one great complaint of the people here is
"areity of mJ- Anion g1 all classes of
business men the cry is We want mcney, but
it is almost impossible to get it here. Tbe
East Tennessee University, in this city, i'i
presje t for want of ready cash. The institution,
having commenced operations, as an Agricul
tural College, holds about S300.000 in Ten
nessee Slate bonds, and ai these are
cot payabl for some time to come,
and are pat ing six per cent., the
trustees prefer, if tbey can, to hire money at
ten per cent, for present use. giving security cf
two for one by depositing 810,000 or so of these
bonds as collateral, or by the most ample
security on their real estate ia the city, rather
than to raie money by selling tbe bonds at their
present mirket discount Perhaps some Ver
mont capitalist may be disposed to correspond
with tbe President, Dr. T W. Humes, on the
subject. Toe University, which is ao au cl 1
institution, is cow taking a new start, and with
this endowment as an agricultural college, has
good prospects ahead.
Our Methodist brethren are getting critical,
and there seems to be occasion for it. The
paper, accuse many of tha clergymen of saying
dis-cip-Une for riis-cipiiae, tres-pais and tres
passes for ires-pass and frrs-passes. rre-ttrict
for cis-trict, and taler-nicA- for tabernae'e.
To which the Mtth&litt alii two on their own
acconnt which we strongly aa'pec: need not be
confined to the ministers of that church. Tbey
are tbe use of mot'efy, (cnc-ht!f) for modicum
(a little) and predicated on. for predicated
DawKisa CiDxn, To keep ft sweet lhrouh
the year, filter through clean fine sand, as soon
as from tbe press. Pat into a clean cask or
bottle. No cask or barrel should be used tbe
second time for eider, for tbe fruity flavor is to
ba preserved.
Foand.
la dreamt. Ions years aj, I taw a fact
A. woman's noble, sweet, acd fair.
That shone, npoa me from some happy place.
And bade- me seek her there.
So, forth I went, anl traverrol rosny waj,
Peoplei with fair, atd rich, and ycen.
And aometlreti turned to wander tr to sasa.
Bat fjQDd not ber aaoc.
Yet once we met b 'the was my btart, I ween,
DsemiBS attained th s al 1 antbt
Bnt ah: tne- world's cold shadow irew cetwecn.
And still 1 foend ber net.
Sbe died I sought her zrave with sVexn Cheer,
Th to sine to lighten my despair.
X tand a lorm or clay, within a bier.
Cat her I found not there t
Whit mere The fleih decays but la my heart
bhe lives u ever, f eh and rIr.
J "mi, wn0 mxA'ix, us. aha is where Then ait,
Anl 1 shall fled ber there
Julian HaittUrn in Jpfltttnt JrurnaU
An I npnbllftlirfl Poem of Coleridge.
THE FADED FLOWER.
Cnsratefat be who plnek'd thee from tbe stock.
Poor faded tf. w'rt i h. w
Inhaled awhile thy odors In bis walk.
Then onward uuM. and rtih in rlMir
Ah, melancholy emblem bad I seen
i ny moaaM oeaaues dewMwith evening's 3i,
I bad net rudely e-opsed thy parent stem,
But left thee, biushia;, 'mid the enliven green.
And row I bend me o'er tby withered bioom.
And drop the tear, m ra&cy.at my side.
Deep tlthintc paiats tbe (air, trail Arr' tomb
lame, swi cower, was tear, poor wanderers
nride
Ob. lost to love and truth, whose atlfUh Jny
i Mieu uer veruu Be?i, ikii laiieu t Geiroy
Atlantic Jrmatae,
V Winter Krenlnz.
The cbUl sharp wind.
Huddled the thaeps tbeir wattled coatj cabinet
And Hrloe tbe last leaf from the brmre old tree
That en t bile bM (Mown Oa tbU w d lea
fAilsauiden stooea. wntoh eloaJa the shepherd's
mind
With c.mlnT storm, atvi now ilenso anawflikes
blind
"be day, and smother earth In cruel glee
VvbiteneM na jrraw apaoo. atare, fa ewell
letpthy loni;speil-bwwn4 slumber: 1 will his
3Ie home wtih hM.e, and by tbe hearth will telt
AtrAMthld Binhily wuid'rlnxs t my bo) s,
Ur penstve start at neetn haule-ery
Mo-t prize we now tweet facey's s u.p.e Jiys.
IIK1.IG10US I.TKI,I-IQK-K
C35Q1 fcQ ATfOS A L.
The Congregational church at Iraaburgfa, Vt
baa received $300 from Mr. Fiifc, of the firm of
Fist Hatch, to be expended ia purchasing a
Bible for tbe pulpit, hymn books, m library for
the .Sabbath school, and the balance to auist the
ladies in furniching the church. Mr. Fisk'e
father was formerly a pastor of the Congrega
tional church m drat-burgh. Tbe congrega
tion at Cabot is much iacr rated since Rev. Mr
Adams commenced his labors there. Iit Au-
gnrt. Tbe churrh at t Craft. bury is now
without a pastor. Rev Mr. Johnson having re
signed and removed to Philadelphia. Rev.
William S. Hazen, pastor of the Congregational
church iOjNorthfield, who has been absent some
rx months oa a trip to Europe and the Eist, rt-
turned last week to hie charge. Rev. A. G.
Bowker, of Landgroae, died December Sd, after
a short dines. He told his ftmily shortly after
be was taken sick that be never would get well
again Rev. John Nelson, one of the ablest
Congregational preachers in Massachusetts, died
at Leicester on the Oth. He hal been pastor
there since lfM, although for a number of years
only able to prescb occasion ally, and having had
a colleague sines l44t.
BAPTIST.
Rev. Newton Glazier, Uteof Central Falls, It,
I., haj accepted a unanimous call from the Bap
tist church in Montpelter, and will enter upon
the pastorate January 1, 1872. There is reports-1
qnite an interest in the Freewill Baptist
church at Albany, Vt There have teen fifteen
recent conversions, and fifty within fourteen
months The only Thanksgiving sermon
in Berlin in four years, wav delivered by Rev
N. Man ford, at the BiptUt church, Nov. 30.
Tbe treasury of tbe Baptist Missionary Society
is in debt over SlV.OOO, with a large falling off
in the receipts for the last two tnc c ths Cause,
diversion of charitiesto tbe Chicago and North
western toUerer?, probably. A Baptist
church recently advertised ra a paper of that
denomination that tbey wanttd a minister. So
many replies came that the elerk found it neces
sary to advertise that they did not want s
minister, in their next is?ae It is stated that
tbe preaching of a Baptist urasionary, in it
chapel near Vernon, Delaware, baa indeced the
whole church that worshipped there to aoandon
its former sectarian connection and join the
Baptist denomi cation.
M5TH00IIT.
One cf the Cincinnati Methodist churches, St.
John's, puts cards in etery pew Sunday morning
with a printed request that any stranger who
would like to receive a call from tbe minister,
will pat bi address on the card and leave it in
toe pew by which means many occasions for
pastoral vists are obtained acd permanent ad
ditions to tbe congregation are eventually se
cured. Tne Methodist Educational Ccnves
tion at its recent session in Boston, puted
resolutions, among others, that the Bibfe ought
cot to be exclude! from schools supported and
controlled by the State and approving of tbe
opening of WesVyau University at Middle
town, to women as naturally growing uut of
views longbetd and advocated by tbe Methodist
Episcopal Church.
CSirKBSALlST
The Universalis! Society of St. Johns bury are
holding regular meetings at tbe Town Hall
Rev. B. M. Tilliton preaches to-morrow oa the
4 Advantages of Churea-goiog. The Uni
versalis! church at Wen Concord has been
rebuilt, and is to be dedicated December 27th.
Sermon by Rev. L II. Tabor, of Norway, Me.,
in the morning, and in the evening by Rev. Mr
Healy.bf West Burke On tbe 2Sib, Rev. E. L,
Serif t will be ordained as pa 'or of the church
The seraton will be preached by Rev. E Fisher.
D. D.. President of tbe Theolozi.-! Sohool, St
Lawrence University, Canton, N. Y
ErHCIPlUAV.
Ibe Protestant Episcopal Almanac for 1ST-,
gives the following summary of statistics for that
denomination Bishops Clergy 2,h95
Baptisms 38,1 Oo Confirmations I'l.ll Com
manicants 'SZ4t'J'J' Marntges MfjS Bariala
16,711 Cndidaes Jer Orders 412; Ordin
ations Deacons 124 Presbyters 110-; Sunday-school
Teachers 21,41 f UDdf-cbool.
Scholars 229,090 'oatribU.oas S0.G41.G71.S1.
Tbe society fur tbe increase of the ministry
has 161 scholars now on its l:st. and received
250 application during the past year. The Rev.
Mark Antony D Wolfe ILwe. D.D.. is scon to be
eoasecrated as B.sbop of the Doccee of Central
Pennsylvania Rev. Dr. Hdl, missionary to
Gieen, is now on a visit to this country and is
temporarily disabled by a fait which dislccsted
bis eaculder The editor cf the (lotjxl .Mes
sen'jer, who is an eloquent and effective advocate
of warm, reverent congregational worship, de
scribed a strange incident in one of bis letters
from Baltimore during the month of October
At tbe olose of an afternoon service in one of the
Episecpal churches, the Sunday scholars marched
out in order bat, before leaving God's House.
wheeled round with tbe pree sioa of military dis
cipline in order to bow to the altar. Speaking
ia the interest of the Anglican Communion. Th
Church Journal avers that re have no sueh
eastern.
HOMAX CATBOUC-
The new Roman Catbo'.ic church at Huoalj
Falls, N Y., wis dedicated with very imposing
and impressive ct rest omit on Sunday last.
Large delegations of worshippers were present
from the surrounding country. Tbe exercises
were conducted by the Very Rv. Thca. Gal
berry, O S. A Cuinan-ary Gen. of the Order
of A u goat io m thH country. It is stated
that tbe Cahti'ie ti-sb jo. tttruliy, of New Jer
sey, belie th: CbriMtn bnrUt should be re
faced to ail who die from dridkm. and to all
who sell liquor lodroukaids -On Wedoesdry
ecmovencexl the lat sertrs of periodical fists,
know n a tbe Ember Dsys. and cloed Friday
They were mti'utedby Pope Caltxtua. in the
third century, bat more forcibly inaugurated by
the Council tf Plaaenti. in ifX5. Tbe word
Ember is said by some to signify the dost
and ashes poured on ths head-- of fisting and
penitent persjns; and by others, to apply io the
bread eaten at that season, which was baked on
tbe embers of the fire only.
Thomas Nat. Thomas Na&t. the great eari
caturist, is thus described by his friend Nasby
"Nat is a man about 31 years of age. and
about fire feet seven inches in begat He has
a keen, sharp eye, acd a good German face has
black hair, and it dapper aad neat in his per
son. I thick he was born in Breslau. Germiny
and came over here when he was about three
years of age. His father wanted bim to be a
jeweler, bat he wts already betrothed to art
Frank Leslie, I thick brought him out first at
the,time he sent him to England to make pic
tures of the great Heenan Sayers prtia fizbt.
And then when the war broke out tbe Harpers
sent bim South to sketch battles It was in
1&C2, juit after the election, when all the coun
try waa clamoring fr peacs at any price, that
be struck the particular vein in which he has
since become famous. The picture hedrew then,
entitled Peace, was grand. It represented a
Union soldier's grave, over the tombstone of
which was weeping Columbia. At tbe foot
stood a companion of tbe dead loyalist, stripped
of his arms, and shaking hands with a rebel
armed to tbe teeth and with one foot upon tho
grave. That picture mde his imputation. He
was as well known the cext day as he is now. It
wis circulate! by tte million as a campaign
document He lives, I think, la One II and red
and Twenty-fifth 8treet,New York, in a modest
frame house. His wife and his three sons con
stitute his family. They have no servants. At
tbe end of tbe lot on which his hoase stands Is
a one-etory brick building, where be does bis
work. He baa there the quaintest collection of
curiosities, chiefly cf art, that could be Imagined.
His wife is alaly of rare intelligence, who a.
s sts him greatly in bis labors. Sbe is a relative
of James Par ton. Nt is a man of indomitable
courage and rare intelligence- Politically be Is
a most in'ecse radical
The Technologist says One cord of wood
eat and split fine, and corded np beneath a shel
ter while it is green.wilt furnish more beat after
It has become seasoned than two cords of the
same wood which has been continually exposed
to tbe alternative ioflaence of storms and sunshine."