V
liriCLIXCTOX AND VIClMTr.
Meteorological Record.
t 4ta.2T, Ions73.li)i Eleration above tit.
itcr ftet above Lake ChaicpLiin 27? feet-
Norzusxn Third Wkis 1371.
TBESVOHKTER. 1ABCU. WlXCS.
ip.i 9 p.m (mean)? a.m.fm. r.u
1 39" 29.14"! si: 1 sk I sw 10
7 33 29.33 iNK .NW KW 10
X, 30 29JJJ 1 N N N 3
31 31 30UC NE NE NE lu
13 31 29.93 I WE 8B BE 7
45 45 29X9 8 I bW S g
41 29 41 NW 1 NVV aV fu
erase temperature, cf the woek 35.C75. 0f
"uaie week iro. 3A H fall of rain, b.2S inches.
I CaarL.iis. Closz or Kavigatios.
Xae sbarp cold cf the last three or four days
.lTJ;j closed the ends cf the LaV.e,the boats have
uled off, and gone into winter quarters. The
enEtct made her lut trip from Whitehall, cn
-urJfii, cutting her way through ica froa
ff three ipches thiclc, fron Whitehall to
MZi j ivint The Adirondack came up from
Pfi Point, finding ice for same four miles
11? Tuint Both boats, with the Oakcs
t. have rone into the harbor for the winter,
i ,jf vt probably run a ferry.for some
ri?n
w-im BtrrrEa Marckt, Nor. 28. The
3i.ket was Jul! nd Pce withaat materia!
3ff ttr ,octe: Old batter, 14c to 17o.;
,la.r tf, .-ciaJins extra grade, 32e. to 3Cc.
Tne ctee mket is dull, at lie. to 12 1 2c for
U 1-2 fjr facUry.
lai 7,
V granJ Cathie fair is on the tapis in this
ty of wb'd farther ctieewiU be siren.
-tf fyr'anks scale works are using 18 tout
0 per jitm.
i;kJj windows on Church Hreet bepm
he py holiday wares.
Stoimonds of Higbgate is seven feet
:h CtrLusi has onsuaocfifally tried to higher
is
ibf aext sociable in the winter's series at
jjj-t's in riatttbargb will take phoe
iv-lnwday evening, Deo. Gtfa.
MtBHiLL. Bt. S. L. Bates has told his
tu Mrs. 1.011 French, for sixteen hno
1 'lars.
1 W At wood has shipped from West
-1 t jry iewi, this tea son, over 1,509 bntbele
ji r .'ohnson has been appointed post-i-,r
it Hubbardton, Vermont, vice '.'alob
1 leaigned,
i' si Mannard of this city, realised 85
s the late Grand Arsay entertainment, which
tux if 4 per cent of the grow receipts.
it tiirp SH) pound a of beef, 10 bnshets cf
v'fctoe. i0 pounds of bread, and cabbage,
i-u ps and onions n fifr, to feed Auburn State
o enc day.
We Lear that tbe Sherman band cf Winootki,
st preparing to give a grand concert, ebortiy,
r tLe Wne6t of their able and efficient leader
Ir her man.
iUi-re is now living in Witliston a lady aged
5 irg, and a itrong healthy woman for that
ig-, who has hal thirty-three child res of her
r. ie has been three times married.
'lew.nter term of Eex CHssical Institute
Dec. 4th. More teachers have been en
ijf 1 and as fine facilities are now offered as at
117 fhuol of a like character io the State.
1 le Burdett organ company who wore burned
at Chicago, and were invited to locate in
lUM-oro, have decided to go to Erie, l'ft
in I lirarTleboro is disconsolate.
;fuu WiLUfTON. The steam mills are
t- og lebuilt by a ttook company. A force of
men is employed in their race e traction, and
ttpy are expected to be rely for oocapancy
n eaHy spring.
V student in Middlebury College reciting
j tngonometcry, defined a compae ae a four-
rnered square box etanding cn a three
(red tripod whizh always points to the north
Tue Profecxor f tinted.
The t earner Molyncox has returned froa
Troy to Lake Champlain with a new boiler, and
ornes to Burlington to be inspected. It is
r. nted that she will make the pateenger traffic
v- y he balance of tbe season.
Li k. Mr. Geo. Chase, formerly a bjok
in Vergences, but for some time a reai
iiD'rf Fon da Lac, Wis., ie reported to have
i en ht-ir to orer two millione of dollars, by
tae Jeih of parties in Koglaad.
H e ire happy to leiro that Mrs. Scott Siddocs
,a real in this city in eoorM of the season,
l'lhcugb her visit maybe delayed beyond the
re be was at first expected. We understand
Mre Siidons will not fill her regal ar cogige
TflpDte, for reuona alrea ly specified, bo t favors
"te Burlington Associatum on the occasion of
t'e'tng fi iends in this city.
Bbakemvk Saves a D&dskkn Mak'b Lira.
Vs conductor II J. Clark's up train to North
lime was leaving North Powcal, on Saturday
eTinio", a drunken man undertook to jump
u: on the train while the cars were sta.ting of.
Me misied bis footing and fell between tbe ears.
S F Stevens, a brakeciaa on the train, for
tunately caught bold of him and held him until
he cirs could be stopped. Bat for the presence
f mmd cf Mr. S. the man would surely have
een killed.
Tue Votoo Mas Association. The Lko
tibk Cocbsc The lecture season opens moat
auspiciously for the Association. No less than
four hood red and eeventy-five member! tickets
have been sold, each admitting two persons,
(gentleman and lady.) to tbe lectures. In addi
tion, kr the opening lecture by Mr. Oough, five
hundred and seventy-two single admission tick
eta were ld. The aulience on Wednesday
trght could not have cumbered lefs thin four
teen hundred, some members hiving left the
jjors, after vain endeivors to get into the hall,
u account of the orowd. This aoows tbe good
1 'icy of SMa-iog a hat of first-clns lecturers.
Jomx B. Goraa'a LcnroRc Njju:h turn
it of people ever before greeted a public
weaker in this city a thronged the City Hall
jnJay p m. to phear John B. Gough deliver hia
tare 41 Will it Tay We can think of but
prer-ous occasion which, in Burlington, ever
w a crow 1 to the City IUH whish cool 1, in
.it least degree, compare in point of
timbers, with that which packed the
ila.. to suffocation last night Long before the
ie advertised f jr the lecture to commence,
a the S4ite were occupied, the stage crowded,
ml every inch of atandiog room contended for.
I is safe to set the number of people present at
welve hundred, and it would probibly go above
hat figure. Many towns along the line of the
".utiaod railroil, throughout the county and
al ng the western shore of the lake were iepre
KQtel When the speaker arrived it wan with
ul ty that a way was made for him through
l densely packed aisles. Yet the au lieoce was
Nw7 .u.et and orderly. Mr. Gough began
P-it at half-put seven, and spoke in his
to? -apnuous, thrilling manner untd nine,
falsest y interrupted by bui sts of applause and
r;)lr f laughter. It mattered very little if
-,DJ of Mr. Gaugh huinoroas stories were
Te71, his inimitable way of telling them,
s-1 them as good as nsw. His power over
'je T'pular mind, and ability to appeal directly
t eojotions, the prejudices and the humors
tb" people, were never shown to better ad-4a:a-e,
Tbe whole lesson of his lecture was
I Jre. healthy and good. The prt relating to
tbe trip across the continent, California and the
Nmite Valley was unexpectel, but to us
ss the most enjoyable feature of the
"e. It was a vivid, splendid piece of word
P&jrung; a magnificent theme magnificently
tit, J led. In spite of the fact that everybody
u crowded, hustled, punched as to his ribs,
(rod on as to his toes, and jammed and squeezed
t to his whole corporcsity, no one could, at the
ilote, be found who would say that it had no
I'ud, to be there.
f-'iEranc On Thursday evening a goodly
number of the friends and well wishers of A J.
Merrill, Esq., cf Colchester, from this city, took
it upon them vel res to convince him.that although
Wired to private life, he and hia worthy family
ere net forgotten. The party left the city at
Q early hour, well supplied with oysters and
other luxuries. On arriving ct their destina
tion they at ence took possession cf Mr. Merrill's
house anl horns.' Jack hojrerer.proTed
himself equal to the tatk, as he has cn many
gone by. He considered discretion the
tter part of valor, and accordingly sllow-
Ul the Intruders full sway. After par
takino ftf 1
o .witiunenu tne party tnen be
Ktged and successfully carried the spacious
dancing haUcf the house, and with excellent
music, the tripping of the light fantastic" was
keP UP o aa early hour.
We understand that this unexpected gathering
was on account cf a portion of the family of Mr.
Merrill intending soon to move to the Western
States.
The Industry of Burlington.
No. I.
FACILITIES FOR MAKCTACTTHI5Q.
We propose, in a scries of articles, to give to
our readers, some detailed description of the va
rious manufacturing industries, in and around
oar city of Burlington. We have heard n good
deal, since the Caughnawaga ship canal became
a not very remote probability, of the advantages
which Burlington is likely to possess as a manu
facturing centre. All that has been said on that
point is true bet there is something to be said,
without drawing on the future for anything
merely probabie and contingent Burlington,
Vt.t Is to-iuy, unsurpatted in the facilititi it
cfftrijoT general manufacturing enterprise.
What are these facilities? We specify at
among them.rsf, Cheep tr asportation. We
have easy water communication by way cf the
Like, on the sooth to Troy, Albany, the Erie
Canal and New Tort; on the north to the Cana
dian waters, the Northern Like anl the West
Connected with this.we have very extensive wharf
room in prcooss of almost daily enlargement,
and ample harbor bdlities. Admirably man
aged railroads give us connection by through
lines to Boston by two routes, to New York, to
Montreal, to Ogiensburgh and the West Few
places give tbe msaofactnrer such a choice cf
motes to the great mirkets, and such ample fa
cilities of transportation to and from.
We mention, ttrznd. Cheap poirtr, or what
is the same thing, cheap fnel for making steam.
Tbe great planing mills, connected with our
lumber yards, turn oat fad, in the shape of
thavingtt ia enormous, qnantles. Thes are per
fectly servietible for fuel, end are good for little
else. Thousands of tons of them have been
burned on the lake shore, simply to destroy
them and get them oat of the way. Our steam
mills all run with them for fuel. The Winooski
Woolen Mill Company, supplements its ample
water power, by steam, mala with shavings
why:h are carted two miles, and at that, cost but
a fraction of the cost of coal or wood. With
fuel costing next to nothing, steam po wer is
here as cheap as water power. Bat if water
power is needed, oar river cn furnish it. In am
ple supply.
Tiirj, we mention Cheap and pure watei.
This oar lake furnishes for establishments which
choose to pump it for themselves, aal for those
that do nat, it is furnished by our city water
works with a splendid head of over two hundred
feet, affording abundance of water for manufac
turing purposes, and for protection against fire.
We hare, too, ample space for new buildings
land enough for mechanics who wish to build
or own their own boom good schools good
churches good stores a wholesome and
orderly community.
We need not extend our list of advantages,
fur we nave mentloued all that are needed for
oecersful man u facta ring. Nor are these ad
vantages and facilities visionary or problemat
ical. They are here, and are evidenced by the
establishment anl marked success, at this poict.
of some cf the most extensive aud most suc
cessful manufacturing establishments of
various kinds in the United States. These
we purpose to describe, commencing, in oar
nest article, with the great furniture factory of
Kilbnrn and Gates.
&T4Tt Nobxil School r Johkso. The
fall term of this school, under the charge of C.
D. Mead, A M Principal, closed Tuesday,
November -1, after a prosperous session. The
examination by the S'atc Brd of Education,
both oral and written, f-r two days, was more
than usually thorough, and proved eminently
satisfactory to all. During the term, there
have been connected with the school 120 pupils
twenty-five in the Preparatory Department, and
ninety-five in the Normal Department Of this
Utter number, sixty-five are ladies, and thirty
gentlemen. They represent thirty-two towns in
oar own State, two in ihe State of Illinois, and
one in the Province of Quebec. Fifty-nine of
these students have been connected with the
school for nnre than one term twelve have
been pursuing the studies of the second coarse -forty
hare received State aid, and have thus ob
ligated themsel"cs to complete the first course of
study, and holi themselves in readiness to teach
in tbe 8:ae for two years thereafter.
Mi$s Mina M. Ayere, of Grafton, and Miss
Mary A. Butts of Johnson, graduated in the
eeconl course. Miw Helen M. Slayton, of Stowe,
graduated in the first coarse.
Of quite a number who came here this terra
with the hope of being able to graduate at its close,
nearly all found themselves cut off from tbe at
tempt by the rule of the Board of Education,
which requires attendance at one of our Normal
School! for a fall Academic year, before present
ing themselves for examination. It is hoped that
after one more term in the school they will be
fitted so much better for their work as to com
pensate ihem for their disappointment.
Tne Preparatory Department, under the in
struction of a former graduate, Miss Sarah A.
Carrie, of St Albans, ha given satisfaction to
its patrons, and has also furnished opportunity
fji practice ia Object Teaching, which has been
embraced by quite a number of the student, not
only to the delight and improvement of tbe pu
pils taught, bat to their own advantage as well.
In the fature more will be done in the way of
teaching tbe elements of natural science in this
department
General good order has prevalUd in tbe school
during the term, and the public exercises Tues
day evening, consisting of orations and easaje,
exhibited a good degree of talent. Tbe next
term begins the Monday after Thanksgiving, De
cember 4.
In Windsor County there has been come little
stir this fall, and will probibly be more in tbe
spring on the subject of gol 1 mining. An island
has been formed at one point in the bed of hite
River, by the yeariy wash of mnl brought doffn
from the hill sides for miles by the rapid stream.
It is of about 15 acres, and has for years been
oultivated and used as pisture, with good profit
to it owners. It formed once part of the prop
erty of the late Merrick Gay. Last ram
mers nian named Sal tree, an Englishman by
birth, as we are lntjrmel, well educated in
mining and metallurgy, and having had practi
cal experience in the t'allforaia go! J regions, got
his eye- on that island, and ?iav'tn made what
invee'igat.oni he desired, leased ii of the preeur
owner for a small sum, 9 5) for the urst year, j
and 6109 a year thereafter, with sjme privi
leges and additions, as we are informed. Before
long it was noised abroad that Mr. Saltree
was finding gold in paving proportions on
the island, and he was not long without
plenty of offers for rights to dig tbe owner of
the land himself paying $500 for aw. Mr.
Siltree doe not intend to dig himself, but to let
oat the whole territory in small tracts and
probably as toon as spring ccmer, the island will
be all worked over
The soil is a black sanl, in which grains of
Cold of more or lee fineness can be seen with
the eye. A quantity of gold washed ont by Mr.
Saltree and sent to New York for assay, gave
tbe value of the ore at $1 ,030 to the ton, a very
profitable yield. Several dollars a day cin be
made by any on, in "panning" the eurface-
dtrt anywhere on the island, and it is believed
that the dirt will grow richer, as greater depth
is reached.
These fasts were given us by a gentleman who
lives there, and who brought er ecimens of the
sand and of the gold-washings to show us. None
of the grains of gold were large, about like coarse
sawdat, but they were pretty- plenty in the
sind. Some of it was smelted in this city, and
made a very pretty button, to have come froa
only a few quirts of sand.
This matter has revived amy stories about
gold finding on White River. Among others, it
is relate! that many years ago, while the road-
master wa having apiece of road repaired
which every spriog was washed out by the
river, a singular looking stoao of considerable
size was rolled out of the bask jest as a car
riage came by. The gentleman drivicg, called
out to the men to get bin a piece of that queer
looking stone. They broke off a fragment and
gave Mm and be drove 03, while the workmen
tumbled the stone down tbe bank out of their
way.
A year or two afterwards the same gentleman
came bac'x, and huntiog np the read-master they
made a fruitless search to find that same stone.
Tbe fragment taken away bad shown that the
THE BURLING-TON, VT., FREE
proportion of gold was neirly two-thirds of the
whole! The road-master and his boys made
carr fol search, but the lump of gold was not
to be found; and occasunally now some one who
has heard ths ta'e spends a while in hunting
along the banks of ths river for the famous
stone.
Mostsial asdTlattscubgii Raxlboitj Tie
annual meeting cf the stockholders of the
Montreal and Pittsburgh Railroad Company
was held at Foquet's Hotel, at Pittsburgh,
N. Y.. cn Wednesday, Nov. 22. Nearly all the
stock of the road was represented.
The report cf Hon. John B. Page, rreaident
of the Corporation, was presented and alopted.
The report shows the indebtedness cf the com
pany will be, oa the first day of Jannsry, 1372,
S24.9SO.15. The directors voted to pay the
stockholders a dividend cf $150 cn each share,
payable March 1, 1872, and another cf same
amcunt, on each share, Sept. 1,1872, March 1,
1873, and Sept 1, 1873, and thereafter a semi
annual dividend of $2 00 per scare can be
made daring the term cf the Icasp of treaty
years.
The tochholucrs then proceeded to the elec
tion of directors for the ensuing year, which re
sulted as follows
Directors John B. Page, Rutland Oile;
Ames, Peter Butler, George B Chase, Boston
James H. Williams, Bellows Falls; Samuel W.
Foster, Knowlton; M. K. Piatt, Pittsburgh.
The directors elected John B. Page. Rutland,
President; Jcel M. Haven, Rutland, Treasurer;
M. K, Piatt, Secretary.
The stock waa largely represented and tbe pro
ceedings cf the meeting haraonicus. The lease
of this read is held by the Ratland Railroad
Company, and has been transferred with the
other roads under the control of that corporation
under their Ieare to the Vermont Central rail
rosd who now operate it
Yebmoht vs Sr. Lawrexce Covin r, N. Y.
We find the following in tbe Ojwego, N. V., Jld
rertitert from the pen of the venerable Simeon
Parmtlee, D.D., formerly a well-known Vermont
clergyman
In perusing your pspcr this morning. I no
ticed a encomium upon St Lawrence coucty. A
majority of about six thousand five hundred.
Tbe statement caused the inquiry. Whence
came the inhabitants of that county. Who
were its first settlers' In 1811, the writer
passed the whole of that county that was at alt
settled, as a missionary, and all the other coun
ties between the St. Lawrence and Lake Cham
plain; preached in all tbe log school houses, and
many private houses, and learned the origin of
all that new settlement, reaching from Like
Champliin to the St. Lawrence
I am now going to leak out a tittle patriotic
pride, a commodity so common that I trnt you j
will not be alarmed. From Pittsburgh to 1
M alone line, I found many Vermonters. A
that was my State, and was still my home, and
as I fell the' most at home when with those from
that State, although more than one hundred
and fifty miles from borne, I felt that I was near
it from tbe fact that Franklin and St. Lawrence
counties were settled almost entirely with Ver
monters, and the most worthy and enterprising
and picas men that the State could furnish.
Rutland, Pi it ford, Brandon, Cornwall, Middle
bary, S nor eh am, Castleton, and maoy other
towns, yielded up tneir most wormy citizens.
There wereDescons and Judges, and Coknels
and Teachers, and GraJuites. It seemed that
the cream of the northern tod central parts of
Vexzaont hid teen taken up in a balloon and
dropped down in Franklin aid St Lawrence
counties.
You will see that I could not refrain from the
inquiry "Where did 8t Lawrence com ty
come from? You will pardon my intrusion,
tho a stranger they call me.
Mtsoin.' Cokclavc The R. E Grand Com
manJery of the 3'ate of New York,held an Emer
gent Conclave in the Asylum cf Pe Soto Com
maodery, Pittsburgh, N. Y., and was repre
sented by the following Sir Knights
Chas H. Holden of Saratoga, as R. E. G C;
F. D. Wbeeler,Jr.,of Saratoga, as E. G. G.; Geo.
H. GiUis of Saratoga, E. G C. G.; N. Z. Baker,
of Whitehall, G. Prelate; C. H, Sturgis of Sara
toga, G. S. W. L. R. Cashing, of Saratoga,
J. W.; D. B. Bartlett, of Whitehall, G. T.; W.
F. Bi scorn of Whitehall, G. Recorder; W. K.
Dexter of Saratoga, Grand Standard Bearer;
M. Avery of Saratoga, G. Sword Bearer; W II.
Hull of Siratofta, G Warden; R C. Wen two Mb
of Malone, G. Sentinel.
The following Knights were presen fr m
Potsdam, Malone and Burlington, Vt
W. H. Gray, Malone George Sunderlanl,
Malone O. A. Htne. Potsdam Junction C. C.
Nightiogale, of Canton. N. Y. of the St.
Lawrence Commandery, No. 2H F. L. Channel!,
Champlain, N. Y., and W. H. S Whitcomb,
Grand Recorder of tbe Grand Commandery of
Vermont
With the usual Knightly ceremc&ies, De Soto
Commandery, No. 49, was duly instituted, and
the following officers installed
E C B M. Beck with. Port Henry G.. II.
P. Gregory, Plattsburgh C. G Robert Bailey,
Pittsburgh Prelate, 8. W Gregory, Pitts
burgh a W., W. J McCaffrey. Plattsburgh
J. W. Thomas Rogers, Black Brook Treasurer,
Darius Ayer, Pittsburgh Recorder, E. C.
Low, Plattsbargh St. B. W. H. Morgan,
Pittsburgh; S. B., H. D. Graves, Assable
Forks Warder, R. R. Grant, .Pittsburgh
Sentinel, W. T. Benne, Pittsburgh.
After the ceremonies, De Soto Commandery
invited the Knights to the Cumberland House,
whsre they found a banquet awaiting them, to
which they did ample justice. Sir Knight Hol
den presided, supported on his right and left by
Sir Knights Wheeler and Beckwith The re
marks cf Sir Knights Bartlett and Dexter were
particularly happy, and yonr correspondent re
grets his inability to report them. X.
Tbe Swaxtjv Boxduo Case. The Freeman
gives the following summary of tho points
contained in the decision of the majority of the
Supreme Court, in the Swanton railroad case.
The conrt decided
1. That it was not nnoonstitatiooal for the Le
gislature to authorize the town of Swanton to aid
in the construction of the Lamoille Valley rail
road 1
2. That the act of 1867 authorizing the town to
famish such aid is not rendered unconstitutional
or void on account of tbe particular mode of pro
ceedings prescribed by tbe act for the town in
renderiog such atd. Tbe town at a town meet
ing warned for that purpose hiving voted, ac
cording to a provision in tbe act, to accept the
act is an acceptance of tbe provisions relating to
the mode of the subsequent proceedings ouder
it
3. That the proceedings of the town and tbe
commissioners under tbe act were in accordance
with its provisions tbe act of 18)7 making tbe
sworn recorded certificate of the commissioners
conclusive of tbe fads therein stated, and so far
as an v thing is shown in the cue the court so re
garded it If tbe ceitificate can be impeached
for fraud, tbe court did not fin! the fraud es
tablished by the proof.
4 That it was competent for the Legislature
by the act of 1568, as it did, to authoriis the
town by vote of the legal voters in town meet
ing warned for that purpose, to modify or vary,
bv consent of tbe rail real coEaoanr. the terms
and conditions of their subscription that each
modifications htve keen made according to the
provisions of that statute, tbe subscription on
the terms of tbe contract, as thus modified, is
binding upon the town.
The court therefore held that the orators were
not entitled to the relief prayed for, aal dU- j
missed tbe bill with costs to the defendants
Judge Bariett dissented from some points m
the opinion of the conrt, more especially, as wp
understood him from the third point as stated i
above. On this point we understood Judge
Barrett to disagree with the other members of
the court both as to tbe conclusiveness of the
certificate of the commissioners, and as to the
fact whether the majority of the grand list ia
number and amount had been obtained. He
alo expressed a decided disapprobation of the
trick that seemed to him to have been" practiced
upon the tax payers of the town, by first ob
taining their sssent to a proposition to aid the
road upon cenditioiis beneficial to the town, and
afterward", by the help cf the Legislsture cf
1&6S, striking off those conditions by a vo'e in
town meeting. He agreed with the court ss to
the constitutionality of the Uw cf 1&G7-
Neitber Judge Peck nor Judge Barrett had
prepared written opinions, owing to want of
time, but they will, of course, elaborately dis
cuss the questions decided in tbe opinions
which will be prepared for tbe volume of xe
ports. Thk West Fairlb IUileoid A corres
pondent at Thetford Centre, Vt, eenls the
following to tbe Boston Journal The Com
missioners of the West Fairlee railroad company
of Vermont have given notice that books will be
opened on the 21st of December cext to receive
satecriptious to the capital stock of the road.
This road, if built, would be one cf considerable
importance, making the distance by rail from
Montpelier to White River Junction about twelve
miles less than by any other route. It would also
accommodate all the copper mining dittrict in
the State, which is now unaccommodated by any
railroad. Some of the mines, especially the West
Fairlee mine.if fully developed, woull aid large
ly to tbe wealth of the State, being cspable of
fjivnTiMnff about sixty tons of smelted copper
per moottt, aad one hundred tons per day cf
debris ore as freights.
The people are wide awale on tbe subject ail
along tbe Oaipompacoosuc valley. It will no
doubt be puihed through."
Improvements are in contemplation at the
Lake Danxore Home, Salisbury, calculated to
render that charming place still more attractive
next season. Among other changes, a piana
will be built arcund three sides of the hotel, we
understand, thus supplying the last thing re
quired to make the Lake Danmcre Houss about
perfect in its appobtmenti for the accommoda
tion of its patrons.
Chancery Term.
Ho. Jonrr PrssroixT, CnxNcnxon.
Mosdat, Not. 27, 1871.
The adjourned term of the court cf Chancery
was opened this morning at 10:30 o'clock. The
docket was called and the following disposition
made of the several causes marked for a bear
ing at this time.
Confessed and decree was ordered to be enter
ed in Adin F. Styles et cur, vs. Peter Harjer
and William H. Harper.
Decreeor orator. William Gordon vs. IL
N. Deavitt et ah., Rufus M. A. Barstow vs. T.
J. and Laura F. Bryant, Wet G. Shaw appoint
ed special master to ascertain the amount due.
Stephen Hale vs. John O'Neil tt als Referred
to T. K. Wales to ascertain the amount due.
Isaac Rogers vs. E. E PowclL
tilth the court. Grace Edgcombe et ah vs.
the City of Burlington.
Discontinued without costs. Geo W. Rob
erts vs. H. N. Eeavitt et als. Kollin Smith vs.
Lawrence D and Esther C. Clark.
The following were continued John Walker
vs. the city of Darlington Wo. M. Narrsmore
vs. Vernon L Siytcn et als. Testimony to be
taken to be closed by March let Eliza W.
Bael vs. Charles Wheeler el ah. Time for re
demption when decree is enterrd to be six
months; Mary Kellogg ei ah vs. II. H. Htr
rington; L. F. Wilbar vs. Jame aniJJaceC.
Nichols; Geo. W. Brcmley vs. Hiram took tt
ah
The court was then aijoarned ane rff.
DaetmouTiI CoixunK. Ihc Dartmouth Col
lege Alumni Association of New York city, will
bold their Eighth Annual Festival at Delmoni
co, Thursday evening, December 7th, 1871.
The price of tickets is five dollars.
AU graduates of the College are welcome, and
all who are likely tocome and whose addresses are
known, have been invited by printed circulars
Micy gather from the remote East, South acd
Wist at these Reunions and the company i
about as large as that that partakes of the Al
umni Dinner at Commencement
The Faculty cf the College, Chief Justice
Chase, General W. T. Sherman, Senator, J. W.
Patterson, Gov. 11 F. Noyes of Ohio, Attorney
General A. T. Akerman, John Went worth, Ex
Commissioner E. A. Rollins, and Chief Justices
Downer, Perky, Piiker, Shepley and Redfield
have been invited.
Those intending to be present should notify
Walks. Gibbon, Sec'y.
'J8 Nsssau street. New York.
VCBWOXT NKWN.
BtiSIX0TO5 COrSTT.
Several sevare caees of scarlet fever and of
typhoid fever are reported in Bennington.
A raid on the groggeries in Bennington, is pro
gressing. The Bennington Free Pret says Obser-
vatories on Mount Anthony do not pay, ju Jging
from tbe past We hope one more effort will be
made ere it be abandoned.'
The shawl mill of tbe Beonington Manufac- j
taring Company vilt be closed for a while at soon
as tbe stock i run out, whereby a good many
workmen will be thrown out of employment.
The -e are Gfteen saw mili in Wuodford.
There will be a meeting cf the Vermont Val
ley Farmers' Association, at Factory Point, 1
December 7 th j
TheEtgle .c;uare Company, of South nhafts- 1
bury, are building an s Idition ti thf ir works,
63 by eft feet
Bennington has fourteen physicians
L'ALSDONI a roc XT Y 1
It seems that the girl who wa -uppofed to
have been abdu:td from Barnrt, "abducted 1
herself, and ran away with her liver, to Monroe, t
N. H., nnd ni there married.
Isaac Hunt, of West Danville, was birn in
that town id 1So7, and the farthest be has ever
been from home was when he went to Orford, N.
H a few years ago. He also at'cnucl a t'
muster at Bradforj. fjurteen yews ago With
these exceptions, he has been quite steady I
The Hard wick Reporter gees craay over the s
arrival of the cars at that place. It says every
body wanted to hug tl.e engine
Two young m.n, wkh a little too much r g.
inside of the.r coat -.were coming from Cabot lb
other day, and meeting Mr 'law, of Waldrn,
bantered him to swap horses. Mr i aw, set r
their condition, attempted to pass by, taking a
spoke or two out of their wagon in paesioz 1 1
rascals immediately ee chase, but Mr
got home, put up his team, went into 'v uf
and locked the doer. Ston the Ku-K uie's a -rived,
and commenced an assault a 1 t.
dows, smashing in ci.e. Mr. Yw f- n j
heavy horsewhip, url.icked the Jc r, r.jiri
ou, acd commenced giving them the V a7 1 1, 1
of toe whip, knocking them down a fw a- tLry
cou'd get up So faithfully Ji 1 t''
that they soon begged for quartrr iw:e
a-restcd, and paid 20 fine aier
Last week. Seta Ford, at Ba-tt i 1
the skeleton of a man, near tb r itrt
about twenty rods above thf :if
tigc of cot bine was found '1 u ,jpf
lion now V hu is it, t.
then 1"
1R4XKU C
A new atlas of Fran In iu r ai I i j ti
tles has jast been pu .t i v 1 V. in 's
Co of New York.
Ch;:ken s'eiMrg 1 az
l,c im:e an cxtensn -l
Y.i. A Mr:oo ot r., utin'T
cf bevs filled with h t tt-. n f 11 tn- b wf
nesr hu huse. No. t iir'.ic.j
M AsaGr-iDtof r 1 1 1 sMr 1
bridle taken from his a i 1 i-t- nv e? nr.
J.lrd :nst lhe horse w 1 ii j tl
anl tfit-a turiiM loose u rr 1 -r
way fcon.f
OKA N (It 1 1
V t:lc child of Mr te 1 l.
Ranio ph, ws harncd in at- rir njamei
abut the fwe, nezk anl cb 1 1 u Uy
by taking a basn of hot wi tic
an', not knowing the nature :t a'ri s,
attempting to drink frni it. t fir
way 1 1 riter
'.-.LKv5s rarv
Sunday e-enrng, tbe 5th, a cowar 'y ni"u!t
was mdc up tn Martin Brockway, n? u, n
Etkt Hill, t.y cne R Saepard. lirocr,wiv was
called to the dor in tbe eveoing by Suepir i an 1
taken by surprise, kicked and poundei. r-'V-ari
has fiad to I aaada.
Tbe railroad company art' putting np an a W;-
dition to their freight dpot at Barton Lauding
It is 20 by JO, and two stories high, and when
completed will farnich room that was salty
needed.
Irasbjrg haf uu tuen a?ent this year
HLTUXI) tttXTT
Mrs. Downey, an o' 1 lady of sixy 01 seventy
years of ae, at tat!t.M..n, arose from her bed
une uormuy ear'y t emg nj!t dark she tc-
caute le wilder. J, tJ n wainLTing around the
house bhe nnaliy ojHnci a fecund story window,
imagining it o bo a lwr, walked out nod fe't i
to tne ground, a dm of IJ or 1 fret.
Somoof her Uuths were broken, aud the was j
discovered soon after daylight in an inseustble j
condition, by one of the neighbors.
WASniXOTON COUNTY. j
A portion of the gojJap'o'en from A ins worth j
v Leland'fl store, in Mid llescx, two or three
months sir.r, have b?u fmnd, hd away in a
barret in II L. Mc!.l' y's wo i. J'oey were j
found by a Mr. Manfir!l, of Waterbary. who 1
etjs he received an tnoaymoui letter describing
the place where thfy might found.
List week the pre .anas of Curtis llirran.of
Mcntpeher, were wir-hM and quite an amount j
of atolen goods were lounl and seised Harraa I
has been arrested.
Dexter Lvrkm, of Moatpeiter, had two of his 1
fingers taken otf, and two others severely injured, j
while at work on Saturday last at the circular
saw, in the building of the Montpelier Manufac-
taring Company.
ft i n 4 v
Company G.Tbm! Regiment, is the de
signation given the r.ew tnilitia company raiwd
in Brattleboro
A. Wilder of hitioghtm has been held for
trial in tbe sum 01 V')0, for seliinr diseased j
meat in North Ad ami.
Mrs Michael Tully, of Soath Iloyalton, fell
down their cellar stairs last Monday night,
breaking three ribs, and for some reason was
cot disco ve cd till morning.
tn 3atarday evening ist. as old Mrs. Spaul d
ing, of South Hoy j! ton, was getting an arm full
of wood from the shed, she feU, dislocating her
shoulder.
Lait Saturday, a small boy, a eon of A. A.
Dt-nsraore, of South R jyalton, got bally hurt by
a log rolling over him.
Plymouth has been infested with a patty of
young mea, whose object seems to be to make
themselves notorious and obnoxious to tbe com
munity, by breaking windows and committing
ether petty deprelatiocs.
The Baptist church, at Chester, is to undergo
thorough repairs
A tin bora lerenaling party made night hide
ous, recently, ia Cavendish. They called it
serenading a newly married couple, into whess
bouse they finally broke, and helped themselves
to pteE, cakes, and what they could fiad in that
line. The resnlt was, some eevea or eight were
arrested, and fined from three to five dollars each
an 1 costs.
IL F. Lincoln Co. arc making East Burke a
lively iuniberirg place.
Across the Lake. Wilber Bruce, Jas. Wait,
James Watch, Robert Maguire, George Harts
horn and one other man, name not known at
South Cotton, with one ptir of hones, recently
put 502 tprnce logs on skid ia one day. Also
Wilber Uruce and Jame Wait cut and
split eight cords of four-foot wood in one day.
Joseph Barnes, cne cf the oldest aod most
respected citizens of Can ten, oied Kit Thursday
morning.
Latt Saturday evening a buildin; oa Water
street, Cantcn occupied in part by J. Traver as
abeam bouse for his tannery adjacent, in part
by Irwin Myrick as a cabinet shop; by P. No
lan, with lather, &C., acd in the upper story by
C Williams, as a chair shup, with all its con
tents was destroyed by fire Mr. Traver's loss
is S 2,000, no insurance Irwin Myrick
53,000, insured SI, 000; a Williams, S500, no
insurance; P. Nolan, $400, no insurance.
IwU Arquit of Brasher Farnace was, week
before lut, committed to jail by Justice Fletch-
PRESS, FRIDAY
er on a charge of am tilt and battery with intent
to kill, upon the person of one White.
The commanding officer of the Rerenne Cut
ter Chase has been ordered to Oglentburg pre
vious to the close of navigation, to lay the ves
sel np for winter. Excepting the captain and
chief engineer, the cfSwrs will ba detailed a:d
placed cn waiting orders." Nearly all the
crew are to be discharged.
Richard Mills, arrested for drunkenness at
Oglecsburg, Thnrsdsy, was fined $5 and in de
fault of payment, ten days in the County jail.
Sent up.
About 70,000 barrei of apples have already
pastel through Ogdensburgh to the eastern mar
kets. The most of then come from western
New York, though a considerable portion is from
Ohio aad Michigan.
William Healy was arrested for drunkenness
at Ogdensburg, on Thursday. Fined $5 and
costs. Paid fine. Healy Is a sailor, but owing
to a heavy cargo of spirits lost bis reckonings
and was stranded. He was towed off by the
police.
Col Belden Noble has left Eisex to sail again
for Europe soon, to rejoin his family in the south
of Germany.
The first of a series of Socials, which will be
held during the winter months In Pittsburg
came off at Fouquet'a. Wedcesiay evening.
Oa Thursday evening, Nov. ICth, at about G
o'clock, fire broke cut in the barns and out
buildings of James Rooney, at Beekmantowa
and they were entirely consumed.
Thursday morning, William Bike was ar
raigned in the Clinton County court, for Grand
Larceny, in Ellenburgh, las! July. Found
guilty and sentenced to Clinton prison for five
years. Thetrilof Maurice for bargiry followed,
and he was found guilty and sentenced to the
Albany Fenitcatiry for five years.
A number of the merchants of Pittsburg
htve agreed to close their pices cf busiccs at
7 p. m. during the winter excepting Saturday
night.
Rutland. Bcecher will lecture in Ratland
sometime during the winter.
it is sal 1 that Rutland his foro tables.
M.J Frajcisoo Issued at hie sgency during
the month of October, polioles insuring one mil
lion two hundred and thirty-four thousand and
eeteateea dollars. The cash recriptsdue for the
same month were thirty-one thousand nine
hundred and eighty dollars.
The car shops are being run at their utmcst
capacity, many of the men working aq late as
ten o'clock at night.
Dr. Sheldon, County Commissioner, hu ap
pointed Dr. E C Lewis Town Liquor Agent
Stephen French, tbe well-known merchant on
Merchants How, is suffering from what he sup
poses to be poison from the bite cf a spider on
his foot in September last.
Herbert Dowob, on Thursday, was ttrec'ed
and committed to jail on the charge of robbing
the till in the store of Spaulding k Co., of a
pocket book containing twelve dollars.
MoxTrsxiER Montpelier must wake np its
manufacturing interests, if it wishes to bs called
one of the manufacturing cities of 'be country;
and but for ne foundry anl macaine shop 01
Lane, Pitkin k Brock, no busy signs ot life can 1
be seen here The above firm have neat and
ppaeiuas brick building where they mike sawing 1
miil": they employ some 65 hands, run a 30
power engine, and have fitted up during the
past year about one hundred mills.
Montpelier, has but few manufacturing
industries, tut it makes amends for them in
produce, there Iwiug one or two tolerabley heavy
operators, among whom may be mentioned A.
C. Derby, woo handles 4,500 bbi. of flour, 1600
bl V of ft nit, and 160 car loads of grain annua!-
Whitehall. The Methodiiti of Whitehall
arc having a popular coarse of lectures
A subcririon fur the tufferers tue Ute fire
WAscrlKt el ly an irro-ponsU-Ie pen a u 1 Le
next Jty-i e was Vund hunk.
lli"k.anj Men's Chr.Miin Ass. rmhi
t' t 1 the "v bwirg offers f.-. the easily
jt -r I'res. lent, Vt m 11. 1 o .it V e P'ti
den's, 1- A J Long and I. II Kir. re, .r
re'aiv, 1' Mr!i a freasure-, S 1 MoLah
lilt Bin ikm V. he Mi mar. Din
Ci fit a, wh murdered la" w f m .Vrt- A Un s.
Mar- K?i Sunday n bt, s inly twen'wne
yeirsol, anl h w.'-' was aine'.eic U-I.
u .-aired to the Lwest order of 5 ce'y, anl
Mia J!e is n ha J I ecn left by a form-: Ltis1 an 1
1 i'zuti! rf her 1 ee conduct G- a wis
'.i'eiea' u ly attr.t'ons sl'jwn h s wf 'y
w r tli-ee y-ij'.g men, ai. I rcmji.i' itd 'h
(T. she r p'ymg with an Litti As she tu-ce-I
1 uh ai he struca her with a d.rk, t.c :V, ;r,e
1 nttrat r,; her bea't The w.manJ.el
t in"'ir.tly U'eascn surrenlere-1 b.m-e f
the author' tie ani is now in jail at Pinst e! 1
Hi ii a t ight'y-built man, of milium he.gh',
an 1 p sse-e.J 1 f small inJellcct II eif renees
t t v t.'-n f r iie ie.d
:.,an ah s-em- t be I rag bs f". .h .n v. t
i:,.iifcir 1, ra-- r!el ho fol .wcg n'jt:" 'a
'he Her in, Vi post-cffi;e
My wife, Mary Miller, hai'ti; de- e.e 1 me in
repfud 1 her age, before marriage, claim'ngto
i.f J un'ywlen she was .J, with teeth tadly
detavf 1, whue 1 am not JJ, with perfnMly soanl
c. I wi pay
i'i's t.er c n-
1 -a
Ilis
It, A C,
J o hi'ey .s the keeper cf a si'.ion .n (ireen
itmt, wieri4 h s shjp iipires only to ihe repu
taiun t-l dicburs ne beer, c:ars ani other
n nsensia! but ltgl articles of msrchand:se
S Ate unstable Rasa 11 has, notwithstanding m-
n oeot appearance", suspected that a nure po- j
;nt xicin; than Wer was daily tiealt out tu
ll patrons of Joe, but could tin I no liquor p
a, a tbe esttniiBhment on Marcumjt it .ust
a he was about to pite up the thi 1 nearcH aa
metltvtual, bis attention was drawn to a half h t
barrel t crackers which he rememlreil having i Ll
ufam previous vims He thrust his hand re
lctu tbe I'trrel, and to hm astonishment, fuuni t
a ts'.ee heal, afier removing a few layers of
cracker. Tbe barrel was moed and ex
amined, and iemei to be ad right until a pre-
iuri? on cne or the staves below the laise neai
reveiled a contnvance by which the hanj was
adunt'el, the stave having bct-n cut c3 ar, I
placed in with a hinge and el a tic ppnnjr, whih
cause 1 everything to come back tu'o place on
withirawmg the band. W ithiu this half-barrel
baement, constructed in a mtneer which would
aitooish tbe original eJuper, there stood three
bloated bottles, representing the three disgraces
whiskey, gtn and ram Worcester Spy
Dat 'iscxMas ix OnciT Bhjtaix. in one of
the statistical report on morals, recently pre
sented to tbe English ptrliiment, same very in
teresting facts concerning drnakenaess in Scot
land are given. It appears that in one single
parish of Edinburgh, in which there are 90,000
people, 1,958 were found dead drunk, and
",035 craay drunk in a yrar. Drunkennssv is
more common in Edinburgh in summer tbaa in
winter. Saturday is the favorite day, and
Tuesdty ranks next, for debaushery. Nothing
is more common than to find a man who has
bees in prison twenty or thirty times for drunk
enness. Uev. E. II. Vibbert, ho hi just returned
from a lecturing tour in Great Britain,
deliverel a lecture in Boston, last Sun
day evening, in which he said that thry
spent for drink in Great Britain from 1866
to tbe clofe cf 1&69, an averaze amount of
J1I2.&99,!50, a greater average by 20,10.1,
277, than between 1S5G aad 1 81 1 In the year
186.t there were G2,772,f72 bushels of grain
used in making Uquar. or enough to make 170
four pound loaves tor every family of five per
rons in Great Britain. At the same time there
was one seller to every tbitty-three houses, and
there averages werefearfully on the increase.
Strong liquor was said in all f the ratlroal
stations, and almost invariably by women.
At the meeting of the Social Science Congress at
Leeds, a body which was composed of the most
learned and intelligent people of the kingdom,
there was cn sale in their refreshment room
seven different kindB cf intoxicating liquors.
The street of the principal cities were filled in
the night time with drunken people, and he
said that in going through the liquor thops in
Manchester between tbe hours of nice
and ten on Saturdsy evening, he saw
more drinking by men and women than he bad
seen in six years in Matachusatts, and be was
told that they hid then only begun to drink,
and that by twelve o'clock it would be very
much worec He alo mentioned au instance
where liquor was sold at a Methodist Sunday
Scaool picnic on Sunday.
In alluding to the methods which had been
adopted to stay the evil, he said that in June,
1808, the United Kingdom Alliance was formed
for the purpose of securing the paisige of a Per
missive bill, which should allow the people to
say by a two-thirds vote whether they would
have I quor sold or not, aal through the in
fluence of its recent meeting the sum of 55,
000 had been ecured to induce the people and
Parliament to pars this bill. This Alliance em
braced mea of all denominations aad occupa
tions. At the annual meeting there was an at-
tanH.noonfr. 1WI nntr,' r.,l tt mua (l,ti,a.l hv
Methodist and other churches, and by members
of Parliament Denominational differences were
put out cf sight more among temperence refor
mers there than in this country. Besides this
Alliance the British Temperance League aad
the National Temperance League were each
doing a good work. There were also the Irish
and the Scottish Temperance Leigues, the Good
Templars, Rechabites and other societies. The
Good Templars, although onl recently intro
duced there, numbered over GO 000 members,
and were rapidly increasing and doicg a noble
work.
The remarkable snow storm of the 10th,
which covered the ground to the depth cf 16
laches it Barnard, has ret the ''oldest inhabi
tant to comparing notes, and we are Informed
that on the 9th of October, 1804, occurred a
storm In which two feet of snow fell at Wood
stsck. Somebody will be remsmberiog taking a
sleigh ride in August, next
MORNING, DECEMBER lt 1871.
CUR KENT .NOTES,
The city of the sacred concnUnea" is a Gen
tile name for oungs abiding pice
When i that domeatic joy, the baby, too
thin? Why, when it's toothin, of course. .l
A Tennessee candidate claims the support of
many men' who fought on both sides daring
the war.'
A Salt Lake Gjntile paper varies the hard
names applied to Brighim Young by calliag
him Old Polywogimy."
A Hartford lady screamed whea she found
ahe was tryiag to eat a mouse by ml5take for a
doughnut.
Baron Rttchofen, who has started to explore
the extreme northwest cf China, though Ritch
cfen now, will be pcor frequently before be gets
backaaln.
Phacaiing' i what the Chicago papers
calls the work of rebuilding.
Chicago is springing, like a stated boarding
house "mealer," from its (h) ashes.
The Methodist minister at Glenco, Minn., find
ing no parsonage for himself in his new field,
recently, took up several contributions, bought
some lumber, and is now erecting a house with
bis own binds.
It is permissable to siy hard things about
the Grand Duke, so Why is the label on a bot
tle of Bass's triole ale like the Grand Pake?
Because it's a'l XXX's.
New style of architecture Mrs. Partington
has been staying in the country for a few days,
at anold-faebioned house all over Gabrcls, with
millions in the windows.
Thomas Hughes is at the head of a movement
in London to replace the Chicago library, which
was destroyed by tbe recent fire. There is a
prospect that a large sum of money will be
raised.
Bowling Green, Kentucky, his thirty-five
lawyers and only one house of worship. It 111
claimed that one thing i the reason of the other
thing.
At Dubuque, Ia.. the other diy, a horse dis
appeared in the ground whet en leak ia the
water-main bad washed away the soil under
neath, leaving the aitoni&bed nler a t ride of
where the horse should have been.
Two Norwegians were killel by a bear on
Bearer Creek, Trempe!eau County, Wis., iat
week. The men were foanl deal and bally
mangled, and the deal body of a bear lay neir
them. The ground indicated that a severe
struggle took placs befo.-e the men gave up.
The exvx of all the Rmsia we beyond bis
now. In the eatetjeive system of railway be is
now bulidiotf he uses a guage different from that
of any adjoining wan try. He djeeat mean to
have Prdtaia ruanta u-i to tbe walls of St Pe
lertburg on her own Ucomotives, as she did to
thoee of Paris
The prisoners ia tb- Tp-ki (Kan J all have
formed a judicial bjdy, consisting of a judge
and four exec.iton-rw Tn firt thiog reqairel
of ane-comer i tae purcaawp of citrsanl
tobacco to lhe am u it 01 Cieaalines? 1 se
cured by sever1. thrashing' eviry filthy in
mate. Mrs Partington was ia 1j:p1 to go toa circus
the other evening Sae never means to set her
fout in one act'in. The fi'Dmon smenfthe
performers put thenselves into quite apse: nor.
Osbral aoevct op Pinedas' Fc awi Uain
mn e Cui4.f 11:1 His Faic!-o.
v, m b.ovdwt,
NkwUu. Nov
1. U'fi. f ur'm'jton. 1 1.
The iirut ual mlcxucM wit!..irawl uf the
Pucllic lr,urii.ce t'.nopiuiv .f orula, turn all
Kstcru bnsi e s, in .ouet jj to oucaI enr paitas
aursncj 1 fttie puon!" 94 a.. 1 sU.m: wtiinr
man's Fond, aad Li. ",1 la- i'alcj tuaepnies. and,
to&sLir4 at one tuu lJj tLa. .tv s'taerooatem
plaie a MmiUr wit-i rwal. ux Uii any reason for
tuoa withdrawal tur .t miut. be borne in
mtad that, whi e ti)- t,c.&" io-. at Chtaa0 -ae-Cur-
m to putf-i'tif. 1. u.?-a cuu eqaal t- their
entire cipial ani pu,u un wa t'jupanles b i
hat moiety ii :'u rs t- lar fr )ta ccin'nrtin
their hOFioet. Yulh t e lu n al1 tbe MretBn'a
1 uii'i ar eauti wly ei.. ir.n ti.s-r a.'euey hmits
tht-rtl CAZ1 Irf-i ro b-nj; p no. .Uy cdjns'ed
A' 'l Mar I ir i', i. 1 ur '(.ct teltram
r 1.1 ti me riii I tiu'-hi'H tt'at t t&U
t j.r t Hire f. ict tiave Itceu piid
ti the r Ca-AttA. -u a.'Ui l, as weii a
,o nt.-t lea. n'lie.' atti i fulKw
t N ,1." "i.--
4 -N'o UN.'.
v :.-f e'.l .r no' tt. e n1.t'in and
l mr C ii'1'iL.'f TtwMu
lrai J-.jr-1
"fK-s. It' AMI Sc I'll.- ITJ.X,
V. R
1); i..
1,1.1 11 4 R. I Ol
narlar bw z neen recslvott by tu,
.t S r :h :-vCQ t -ar pitnos that
ei iu xUi t Cii.f ir-.a Companies,
L" te F.reman," and tbe
&rn i lr axl continue to o3ar
as: prt';ti n to their customers.
T5T. r r p'centod at our c(B:e.
S A R. b. WIRES.
Hi? it we- t,reTena i
retjrns a hair i
i er i 1 e'--1i!.- aea'e reet no
i- 11-am1. T.ie mlr" lustioa
lit n whuj ii ne of the per
i -mis i- n iw regularly pre
wii a. l.- -'i we ot tbe urmo
f.th rti. It adtaretii-atlvetit
I imiArt- to anl ur tJ the
N .v !t lc-iiwlt
.Tei in a ?ria-
IU
r-
y .t. t
airfUi I
'i ;j l that ae c u t n t -n 1
it Bifa-h'an li what a tad
ie e n. Ar-'t 3 e: hi cimi irtnee
tin r. Mo a wunoe
thi'f whi belonif t tbe genus
fp ;1 by cold in the head," or
U.!h e.mMn.t. t'or tii- a,bove
aker w j are oit awari t!.U aay J
i ir diaaovereii at we re tu know
-in,erj mt kvep their he uli clear
Kri in tun s timely uof Dr Sage's
a:jrt I- r:--c' iiln Medic vl I
olwbcf ara n d bydrsgUts. 't' I
irit
ar 1 ll.
itir
If u v
F I i Ki
i fciierer ha.taily oe any a!j- i
or. aa an appetii-r" will be liaely t
UHir vTi v ai overplus -l f od la
It, i npaird debt; n v to digest it, the 1
uDui, n a dct' r b.it. lr Wall 1
t ir
in 'tier! i:
r .ft
bls i-KiaR BirfR't the ureal Tee-
til l.-i
ive of tbe wi b -ut omann.ai
i.enr riiu.i z 'He ftomaeh. Impart a
n jt:!e. pr 'tx 'tss d gem n. rega'ate
i i In we.. porii! tht bti:. and fiua,
i..iiim' t ur t ils r .biere i ar ioet tnv
r..v n-tdwiw
Special 3Joticf5.
1
T i
iof and Cure
(Consumption.
mar)- ciue of CotMUtnpttuo is dcrange-
uif" ie oifiati.e oran. iima nerangement
pr ."t iit-tlrtrnt natr.ti n -i a.i-iDiUu n. Uy
i l i.a 1 meant at pr re-4 b irhieh the nutri
ment 1 1 ie lood N Mrnrrtei! uit Min-d, an-1 tnenfw
into ihe o!ids 1 1 the Pr..ns with dlieeMton
thus impaired, ru 114 to M.nt-wi predupoaitixa
t pulici tnr ee r 11 t'it-v takcold, will he
very liable tu l.ie (.'oii-uaiption cf the hunz in 1
sumeff IU l-riu- mu I liM tuttt it w-U he ini-
f Ssible ttj care m.i; c.o CoLunption vithuut
itieituri i" i:i,'-iic.d idi heaitb iioi j
1 uoa I r.e rar firs Uitn o he done t oIimom
th 1 etutnuch u: ixiWfl.n iroai all dioewed muctuaml
tlimewbi b lAclnm t ee oricaus m that tat.
caod perfurm iht r functions, ami than imuj aj
and restore the Hirer tu a beautoy art ion. Fur tb
purpose, ihe aurt!t and b-at remedy la bcheuca'ii j
slandrake this. Tuesv pllia cleaaee the stoaiach
aud tkwi 0! at' the deed and morbli aiime that ii
csoint: ciieaae aitd decay in the whole system.
Tne will i.ier out te iiv?r of aildueased bile tnt
has joeamolete tfiere, a -id artue it np to a new
and bealthv a tit.u, b wbtoh oataral and healthy
bile ueeareted
1 he stomach, li-wel an1 liver are thua eieaasei:
by tbe ue t echeuck's Uaodrake Pills, bat tboro
reaieintf in the .u.auu'h an exciM of acid, the rac
in torpM, aud lhe appetite u poor. Id the bots,
tbe lacteal ar w.ak, aod requirlnic streoght ard
support, it i.4 inacundl ton like tutstii tSoaeock's
beeea mc t-r-Tes to be the mill valmb.e reAe
dy ever discovered It is alkaline, and uiurcwi.l
neutralise ail exceffi 01 aoid, makics the sxomach
ttt and frch it will irre permanent tone to tbis
important orirmu, and create a ffo-od, hearty appe
tite, and pre, are the aatojifar the first process cf
a xood diicMtiou. aifi ultimately make goot,
healthy, mlos btixit. Ater this .reparatory
treaLment, wtut reman. s to cure mort enses of ecu
somption .s tbe tree and perseveilnicuM of ttchenek's
Puimonie Hrup. I no i'aim mo eyrap nourishes
the t litem, pnrlfis the bio-d, and U readily ab
Mrbed Into tbe ircnlat.n, and tocnoe disinboted
Ij the decease i iunis. '1 hire it ripens all m rbi.t
matters, whether in titefurmof abeeatej or tabercies,
and tbea m u Nature to expel all tbe dinned
matter in tbe trin of f.ee eapeetoration, when onoe
lt ripen?. It Li then, oy tbe ureal healing and pu
ruiu propei tics ft ccbenck's Polmonic 8rup,
that all u1ik and caiitiee are bsaled up sjund,
and my pt.ottt h cured.
lbees ential thmif tu liedne In curing Consamp'
tion :a t et np a ood aietite and a kuo4 diTt
toa, so th.it Ui iHjiiy w.:l grow in ticsh and get
abMw there, tne earitv c Annul heal, tbe matter can
not ripen, i 1 r the e) stem ij below par. Wnat
U nece:&r to cure 19 a new order of things, a good
appetite, a food uotrit'on, tbe Wd toruw in Heidi
aad get ft then Nature n helped, the oivitiea wi.t j
heal, U.e matter will ripen and te thru vo oft' In
larsoquaaiH'es. ine person iega:n neaitb anJ
strenin. This ii tbo trus and only plan to care 1
Consumption, ant if a person is very had. if the
lung are not entirely destroyed, or ovtn If one lan
is entirtly goe it there I eaoueh vitality left iu
the other to boal up, there Is Npe.
I have seen iraay persons eurod with only oae
soand lunA lire an enjuy life to a :jo4 old age.
This is what 3ubeack'n mtdi toes wiUdotoenre
CoiiBumptton. ihe wul oiean out the stomach,
sweeten and strentheo it, et np a good dlgwttioa
end give Nature tbu aoibtauce she needs to Clear the
ty tem ot all tue ueace that is In the lcogs, what
ever the orm may oe
it is lmpor.ant that, while niln; Schenck's medl
ones, care should be exe'cised not to take cold
keep indoors in cool and damp weather avoid night
air, and take out door eaerci e only io a genial and
warm eaaabine.
I wish it distinctly undent jod that when I recoav
mend a patient to be cartful in regard ti taking cold
while using y medicines, 1 do so lor a special rea
Bsr a man who has but partially reeorcred from
the effects of a bad oold ii iar more liable t a re
lapee than oae who his been entirely curtd, and it is
prec'sely thesntnem regard tjcoosumotion. ro long
ai the Inn are not per ectly healed, jast so Ions is
there imminent dinner ot a lull return tf tbeaiese.
Honco it b that 1 to ttrenuousiy caution Dnlmonarr
patients against expoios themselves to an etmoa
paere thut is not geoil and pleasant. Confirmed,
conEamptii es' loni are a miM cf a rej, which the
lsast change of atm apb-re will inflame. Tbo srand
secret uf my saec-sfl with my medicines coasUts ia
my abLlitj to sundae irU ammation icktead 01 prcvok
ing It, as man tbe facu ty '1, Aa inaaced leng
cannot with sifety to tbe Dt..Qt be exnoseil to tbe
bitin UaitJ if winter or the chilling winds cf
spring or autumn, it should Iw carefully shielded
from all irritating ic&ueno s Tho utmo.t emtijn
sooula be obeervid In this particular, as with jut a
care under aimjkt any eirejinstanoa is an impotuU
Tne pe-fon shoaM kept on a wholesome and
nntr.tloua det anl all the m-iidnj3 continued un
til the body hu restored to tt tho n at oral qamtity
cl flesh ant strength.
1 was mj self cured ty this treatment of the worst
kind of Cccscinpt'oz, and have lived to get fat and
hearty taese many jears, with cne Inng msetly
gone. I bsve cured tuoasinds rinse, and very many
have been cored by this treatment whom 1 have
never seen.
About tbe Crt of Oc ober I expect to take peses
eloaol my Lew batldla at the n rth-emt ciner of
bluh and Arrb atretts wh-sro I aliall te pteaivdto
pre aiTice i an wn j my require It.
Fall direc'lons aeompa y all ray rtmedif. sj
that a person in any pirtof Uie wor.d oia be readily
cured 1 y a strict obxervancs t tne same.
J. II- du'iiENUK, ii U rhliadeiphta,
050. C. COODVTIH 4 CO., Afitats, Uwtca
Arrrat Decay,
WheaapUator a treablm to decay Itmuit
Eceasdle. '.Itcaanathe rerltalltod. Cut It U not
sowlthhaaaabelnv. A human ruin can be re
paired, strengthened, restore J, tnoush a brown loaf
or withered blade cf gran can never be male jjea
ala. In the aaUmn of lire, or even In Its winter,
when nature ssems to be giving way unuer the pres
suioof jeirs, it is still possible to retard the pro
Sreaa of delay, anl to lend to a;e more than IU
wonted visor. As a meana of promotin: this object,
Eoitetter'a Stomich Bitters ii nnq-iestlonably the
moat potent of all restoratives. It will not maki
the old youns, bat tt will prevent, leuen, or soothe
the Infirmities wblch are tbe miaal acsompinlments
of tbe decline or life For debility and a la:t of
nervous power, from wbater cause arlaic;, H t s the
modems thit of all others befcre tne world, beat
deserves the naxe of a sposlfic. In purity, in In"
Tloratln- properiles, la Its adaptation to weak
stomachs aad feeble orgaoizat.ons, it has no com
petitor amon tbe tonicj of the pharmacopoeia, nor
amons proprietory remedies. Besides its strength
cnlnz principle, It poueasess aitoratlve aad regu
lating propertlw of the hi-hes: order, and as an
anti-bilious medicine Is fir preferable to any of the
prapwatlons cottiinln mercury. Time has abowu
that for physical decay, nervous debility .dyspepsia,
bilious disorders, and intermittent fever. Ilcettt
ter-s Bitters is a remeJy without a rival. This Is
the seuoa of tbo fill of the leaf, let it remind tbe
old, tbe feeble, tbe stely, to invigorate aad reju
lite their systems with th s eat vegetable tonls
andaltTitire
JBCALTS
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
KENEWEK.
Is the best article ever known to
RE3T0HE GRAV HAIR TO ITS ORtfllNAL
VUCTHfUL COLOIt
It will prevent the IUlr frem fatltez oat.
It mikea the hair soft and gkxwr, aad de not
rtaln tbe ttm as ethers.
OCn TRaUTXSE UN TIIK IU1R
seat free by mail.
R. t. II ALL A CO., Naabaa, 11 I'roprietora.
Por by all drusists Nov I wlw
M?et mttrcii. If ton wih to look jonng as
well as beiuUful, U4 llKan'i Uanolto Balm upon
vourfaee, neek and bands, a-d Lyoo'a Celebrated
Katharion upon) our IiUr The balm makes jonr
oomplexion nituraU t'anpreQt and lively lt re
move rreeatee. P1mpl4. Moth-Latehe, Ae.snd
lotted ot a red, ruatio face you have the mar Me
purity of a city beile It to middle ae tbe
nlonm of jouth Add tn th! a iuiur aot bead of
hair, pToiused by Lvoo's KatttarioD, and a lad v bu
done her hipptett tbin in the w of adornment.
It u the beet ifrewlng la the world and prevents
the hair Irom falling tu; ana tnrning sjray. bold bj
mil DroraU.
sihe JHarhrts.
Br Telegraph
ii.t; 1 rr
Nsw V( Li, Xov.
UONtV VTas firm at oflt' per cent, aad eloseu
easy at S per cent
oTBRUEsg fiXCBANUS ffu heiry at l-i-i
HiiuD Wm heavy aad lower under tae refusal cf
hcere'ary Bontwell to purchase any bonds at offer
ed rates, at s4i were oonldtrrd above par In gold
etotlat; at iKHStin i. The Treasury will iet,d here
to-morrov 6 Ouu.utiJ In sold cheeks, oatoie fe
cember t covering about t t J of 'bi, thai fr
prevesUd lor retecsption. Toe kaowloxe ot this
caosed sam in mooe, a decltoe la cold, aod chang
ed current r population io Moeae irom hears to
halt sxr inc rmte for gold were letpreBt
Tbeolearsneeswwrei1?, (t,'0.
t;iVERNMhTS rtere luwer. dosing realy.
h 1'aTK tiON DS Were atuay except noath c&ru
isa, which ware heavy.
nrO.'KS Were flrmer avc I 491 per cent above
ths luwef-pwlot of tbe day. Tbe report that tbe
Id-od Paoifisrmllniai tnteai to make a lew bwue
ifatjek Is denied.
U. Ill 'l ooap li:t
cc:ip. of e'.....iiii
L. S. 6-Alccu'M..IU
I'Aieonp 'ii oil. ...Illl
N tuu. lilt
Du. lr r. Jo:jr..ll4l
Du li n. Jj ...I14I
CiuC. 1161
Canne b
....113
Manpota.
lo pref...
Canton.
Cumowruoj i.
W. Cn m Tel CX.
4aicks Iver
Pc So MaiI
I
Ideve. A Pitts 12.
Chic. A U. A jh
U
6'J
4(t
er
z-4
iw. pret fat
Clere.,CoLA tin
N.J. Centra!, exdivliii
Hock Islana iini
Xii A t. Pan Zt

d
B- -lor Water i
T'tc a U
Ia Liti
I Fort ce fejt aiv 9S
I a i r a it.
D i. iTtt 50
L'n i 'tj- i.t.....Vi
HV Con t J iLitR- J
1j. dc-iv 7
Er.e it
lu Dref tr
iCUiCoA A..
l. l-ref
U6
li
j OjU- -liaaiftMUDl. Sll
IWrni UarTH K
ICC. A Ind. Cent
IChio B. A Quincy..i.t
I St Joseph 51
(Central tfacine. ..in
Cnioa Peciao wt
1 Land Unms ....19
Du Ix Incomei.tt(
HiTieji Ka d.v
l jre'Kiaii
It'a
14
.11 u
Misb. ''-ent. zii.T..)ii
Union Pacific stock--
23ish. etonthern it
lit. Cent 13n
By Te.ejfrapj.
New lork, arkn.
New Toa a, Nov. 2S.
COTTON Moderately active at u decline sales
2 1 bales miildi'ogvsdaad at 1jc
KLOUB v ie lower and heavy :es .obar
rts State U 7 T d 1 roand bop Ohio t 1 Jt; tit
Ke tern nurr 2V Southern t To. 1 9 r-.
OKA1N Wheat -trcne and nnsct .led, 21; low
er sales T1,uu bot.hels No l Sprinc at I No. 2
Bpnns I 4 '40 1 4- No. 3 Spiiaz i 4-1 winter red
Western 1 .-4Si Cora opened heary ard c1chs4
timer and act in Ptlc l4A.uk huhe.9 mixed West
era at 7777;. Oats uc Changed saies4!ikti bosh
el aM.V,.
PEtF-btej' I.
rhOvlslOMa P,.rk finer ucs it iS,1 2S.
Lrd t h de tinner aad eloeed doll at -ffi. Bt-te-
quiet.
WillltKi'-Firaierai fairly active at W.
hlCR-Fi-oi at -1".
JBAR-ruil. Museovado y reflamg "1SW.
(XtFPf&K-firmer Rio i7i.u
MOLAHoK-i-Da 1 Newtrt-aas .i'-t
SPIRITS TCRPtNTIN K Pu 1 at 6
Risl N l'nhaaye-1 at 4 -7 lor trained
PKIROLEL'M Firm, Crude I Ji reSa12li.
T VLLO Steady at
talrrlHWik !'itloii I. lie Slock VlarKet.
Bcsrojr, Ni,v. 28.
LEEF CATTLE Receipt ii hsad w uwaal oa
TlianksgiVtns week the supply was lgt)t and the
denand small, bales ofcbrlw a i-u-'J'S. extra
(40.. hrt quality, i7". nd quality,
:j)uvi. tnird qal.tv 5 0isTTi).
bUEK' ANt 1aM S3 tueetpts 1,67 head, snp
plv 1 gh' and buvers few in number, sates la lots
itt iiewh, ex ra ivS'.
m trtitiKt).
PapF Millasv. In this rltv. 00 Tnedy. Not.
I ih. by Rev. U'W Sates. Levari W. PspeofWi:-
isioD, w i5a viar e. Miutni o mci.
Paul re Piivv Niv. I.'tb, at the resideneeol
the ttn It's fithr. by Rev. II Parke1. I U.
M. Parker f Aloany, t an t Ml' Net us Monty.
No. Cards.
uic 4dcrrt!5rmcniS.
MIIKT IHtTKU-
4 PK 'i-ctT PIT. a amo tbe -wttlnt; Krum and
i ollar. iumrmtttti by ttie eurred yoke patttrn
cut hy tct, and at ay return mil. to al toe osiac
fifty with their ntmeB in 1 a1drw.
trin'ei oirectioL t-ir making en: with every
pattern.
fir tvt t mi' J ra iwt t t?u mp, mj
any tktrt Ktr mat, omticed with eleiaitt forot
autl ease of wer
sronnl tie obc across the bao from point Io
pjtot of hou!der, lnth of arm, stssof nollerw.irn.
1 am also resident aicent for the Macs Hcwia
Michisb. Machines generally on bond. Can be
let a at the Pi'ST trri- x. A-i re n
K. WUITNET
N- Milton. Vt.
XOTM I' TO NOV-KKMIIKVr F.ti I
par krs. j
'I'Uh fuN-RESIDBXT PUPaiETR4 of tie
V Town of Bolton, in the County of ChlttSLden, I
and State 1 Vermont, are hereby notified that the
taxes asesMd by (aid twB, within the veamlSSi, j
.-70 anl IH7I. rem tin either ia ttole or In prt an
pa'd 1 n the fjtlowio; described lands in said town,
tu wit
t Cm K
i S- t I
f l i
x -j
s
9
9
x
5
3 2
I 2.
S? u
8 'i a
Acd so much cf nU lan4j nlll bo soM at paM'e
vendsn, attbilirelDsb.u9, of S.mael- DaivltCJ,
lnsabl UolUm, on liitardaj I)c0fmHer36tb. 1871, t
Id o'clock A. M as will be ieqalite to l!ietsrt
,aM taxe with cost unlrM prerlouslv paid.
Uat.t at Kolum. thla 27th day tf Member A. D.
1 5I0RSS
Flrat Utntab!e aid CdlltcUr.
2)3
sunscmu
I CAN TURSHII THE FJLLOWISO PAPERS
cr Maztslaes at tbe redoted prla aoaexed.
Paper seat to th sarihers, direct from publish-
ins ti&y. I sir. bato. tberrd.crd price, acd rtyu
In prices, sh jitIos wbat da be saret by placing
subscriptions thrcah ine.
Rtduetd Regular
J'ric. Prut.
Mwre'i Haral New Vorker. tlOo iZM
CultiTat&r Coantry Ueatlemin, 3 3$ 31
Health and Uome, !W 3l
Ametlean AerlojituHft. 1 25 I a
Tlllon's llortlcnUnre, 1 25 l
Taa Uortlcultnrbt. 1 Ti m
Lealle'a Illotrated Weekly, 3 00
t'htmne. Coraer. .IW u
Wanrly JIaaiins, 4C) i
Krery eatorday, 4 wl
Harter", fteekly, 3B 4'0
tarar, 3 SO 4i
App'eton'a journal, 35(1 4 fit
AllanUO Monthly, 3tl 4U1
Electis Mafaxtne, 4W .ftl
Harper's 131 4 40
Tbe Ualaiy. 3 in 4 01
Kcribner's Monthly, 4l 4(s)
Minnolo:lcal Journal, W S"
j Bcleatlflc American, 2 .5 3 UJ
I can Rite special term, tit oier thirty other Pa
I per, and il.gsxmes, 03 auplleitton by qui cr
othcrwl. J---""r3vD,TNIir.
I jfubscTlptloa Aiceat,
i Itopttty rYstauuU,
Mm
Catarrh can be Cured
LETTER FROM
Henry Ballard, Esq.,
wcvBsa or vat
CIIXTTEMIKV CO IT XT V IJAU.
Bnauvorox, Vt,0:t Ulh.lVl.
Das. Lioaraiu. X SHvrai
Dt ar Sirs, It Is one year atnja yoa bean to
treat me for Chronic Catarrh, whlsh at that time h ad
troubled me for about four years t your treatment
removed the disease ro that for the past eight months
I have had no return of it, and I new foal aa time ad
vances that the cure is permanent I cannot too
hl-hly recommend your careful aad skillful treat
ment. It has the double merit of being entirely
satisfactory while the treatment eoctlanes. and Ii
permanent and lasting In Its resolta afterward.
Very respectfully your?,
HENRY BALLARD.
Ri;;lit Ucv.
Lou in Defwochriaxici,
CATHOLIC HISUOl OP VERMONT
Attnt tn the foltoTlits; ktiatemrnt t tlir
Skill of
Itrs. Ki-Jilhill A: S:ntlt,
BcRLiverov, Vt., Jan. zwt, n:i
TO TUE PUSLIC:
I have no hesitation In reojmmendlax Dr. Smj th,
after seem? Mm perform a very silllfal ojeritfa
oa the ear of Rev. P. J. O'CarroIl. h thereby
instactaneouily on red ef deafness of longstanding.
LOCI3 DeGOEBORIAND.
13iroriTAT LET I VAX
FROM
Oscar Itwootl, ?XM
SUI'ERIXTtlXUEXr )P SC1IOOL-S,
I'LATTSllUItGII, X. T.
Da. L'carniLL Sxrra.'
rsan Sirs, The severe Catarrhal affection with
which I have been troubled for slxyears.baa altnest
titlrel disippeared. I feel oonflent of a speedy
and permaaent cure. Imoct ebeerfully bear testi
mony to the great skill which you hare shorn in
tbe trcatmeat cf mydlmenlteajsjaad taao pleasure
In recommending yea to those: who are similarly
aflkted.
Verj" respeetfiHy yonrs,
OsCA!'. ATWOOI.
PLansseanu, ti. V.. 9et JS. l-ci.
JD K S M V I-I
or tbe Srm at Pn. U;kthUl mtb. No. i'.
HoAsofi ttntt, Bmtos, xsjr 1. ooonttod
ilaOy. en.pt
Tuesday atiti WciSts&Mlny
or t'ACU WEEK.
T III
V :m iSTess lionse,
ON ALL II?E3ES OF .TUE EVE AND EAR,
CATARRH. THROAT AND LE.NG DISEASES.
AND ALL CHRONIC DISEASES
OP WHATEVER NATURE.
coNMTirvrio.v riti:r..
(nSo. huor.'. a. av, tu4 p m., &n 1 from 0 p oi.
b7t p. Q.
U INTKR
n 1 i KHB GOODS!
SO OTBNJN4 AT TliK
IS HIS iZ i 2$
a tow men or
I rtglish Satins
te saw FeaWer CIWs Wsrfss.
NOW U THK TIME TO 8MCCZ THEM.
ALaO
IS lack Ca s h m ores
Mad: llohairs
and MSrillianliiies.
very dbslrabl goods at LOW PRICES.
Our Cloak Department
IS ft'LL OF
iZeady JiSade Cloaks,
Is tb
LITEST STYLES
A Urye dtocf M
ISlack iScavcr Cloths,
IN HNS AND low nucso ajond.
IV BLIP.
BJ ater Proof Cloths
VstRY EOICK iiiMtUA
We aama
PKICKs tM
1,UV 1MI1I
iiev. ii.Xnt
CoLUtiE Svaaar.
3rn (Soorls,
EV WOODS.
TheoM si)Ioe that every da brlnj sotcthiB
new. Is nearly true at Barlows. To day we received
an'nvolce cf RULb POPLINS, in desirable
tfatdea and color Yoterday, an apartment cf
iirro.MA SC.tlti-'s, a new and deeiraVe
thtai In this market The day before sundry addi
tions to our svtck cf seasonable and desirable I'resi
Uoodi. inclndlns a larpe lut of jrood eroodsinnet
very desirable oolors, which we are uTerlng very
low.
We have jast returned from New York, anlas
CJaal at th s season, we have bought some kinds of
trood at lers than rnUnz prices, aal we Intend to
ive oar enstomers the ad vintage ot oar purchases.
Firt, we wi-jh to call attention to a lare Inroica
of Itomestio wzA Ilouja-kepln lioods, and espe
cially to a line of
tStcached Linen Hamasks,
nice good which we ahill otTer at very low prices.
Alo to Ilumestio and Imacrted tnoterpanes.
whlt we have all kind!, prlees, sii3i andquiltie.
Socond, to oar
Desirable Stress Goods,
which we huv eheip and sell accord in sly by
cheap, we don't mean poor, low priced tra h, but
good goodi at mod crate prises, acd realty c&eip,
wbett the quality, durability and style Is taken
Into consideration.
Third. To our stock of coods la snera1 aJ be'cs
well anitorted, suited to the wants of thH market
aod invariaMy sold at low prieev.
ESP MWIZI iS3IE O 53
XI. I5R CHURCH STUEijr.
Nov. i5tlb?l-d4wtf
ESS EX CLASSICAL I.VSTITL'TK.
ANDREW E. CLARK A. B., FaisciPiU
rplIR WINTER TERM or tho XontHnts Ustas
1 aXonnay, Iec.4th. IVl. 3"he erportee&crs
baa taeo luerraHl an that It stw ttarKS second to
itone. SllMUveiM. Rsynslds (re eat -radasteof
Jioabton Beiainary) l to uke eirjr.e of ela tt la
Freaeh sad Patntloc :u1wt w lining twl
boardlnc plaasj, or room fjr lelPboardinir, ihould
Bpply aiooeeto A. M.UCTLKK.
nor. W-d4wlw Eskx, Vt,
cgnl Totircs.
CKORGE V. IlEXEUICT'S ESTATE.
WE, tbe Subscribers, hsrtnz been appointed by
tbe Ilenor&hla the Prnbato Conrt for the Dis
trict of Chittenden, CommLtwtoners to receive, exam
ine and adjtut the claim and demands of all perwns
ascalnt the estate of 0.rje Vi. benedict, late or
lcr huton. In said District decesMd, and alM all
cUlma and demands exhibited in ofbet threto, and
biz monuisrroni tne nay or tne date hereor being ai
lowed by aaid Court for that purpo, we do there
fere hereby give notice that we will attend to the
wiuiaeu or our appointment at the umee orn. t.
lull, oa t nuie St in the city f Barlio,oi. in said
QUtmton the lait Tuiaji of Dee and April
neat, et io o'clock A. 31., on each of said days.
-urn m aiy ot novemoer. A. u. iojI.
A:a"p,Eih,jc"nm!Bl0,"ri-
JAMKS POWELL'S ESTATE.
STATE OF VERMONT, I Ih. Uonorbl. th.
BijnticTOrcnii.MDM.M. I V 1 ,-i?.r.
1 Llairhct ot Chltten-
To il poM intrestl ia th. ut, of Inn
rcirwi, u w mi ton In nM mitrt,
rilKUE-W, old Cout huh axilccnl th. Itib
w
day OS Uefttmw neat fur ths Mttlement of
tbe a4tauiiittratk)n eoeoaot vi the litteial aumla.s
trator trf estate 01 id deoewed, and ordeml
that publie notiee thereot ba given to all
porOD4 iatotreeted ia aid estate, by publuhlng
this order three week a socvenively, previous
to the day sMigned in the Uurhnten Free
Press, prtated in Burlington, in sold Dutrict.
Thrrifosk, you are hereby notified to appear at
the Probate Court rueeu, in Burlington, on the day
assigned, then awl thereto ouim the allowance
of emid account, if yoa sea esae.
Olren under my hand, thisi4tb dy ofnvmber
A. I). ISTi. T. E. WALti, Jndso.
2iw3w
IUktit Fiss. A. S. IIitcit.
P 3 S K A. H A T V K
und Xlfml-rs in vloTt'inraeat Stcniiltes,
Su. 5 N(isn iip t
.Vw or:, Nov. 30, WI.
The anacMsfol ar rapid nnW n or nar"y
three-foar-.l of the FU'TKKN MILLION
LOAN UP THE CHt-tl'KiKS AXI)
OHIO IttU,B ll OMH WV, ad tho
aerate pcKcvt rn of the work o: cxtentloo acd
prepar.tKjn rf the Road f r n xrer re mineral,
a-ri'-nJtuni! and thr uii iraffi". hive placed the
financial ailatrs and r jrc oithif Jiany cpoa
saeh a ba u. that ws are d -e te i t Ldrnce the
price I&r fu'ur sales of ih Ito- .1-. 1 explained in
the fol'owin letter of j.r LlstuoiM, Prssi ant
f the Comp ay
i 1. 1 Cut-Aptaxa asd Osiio&aauo.
V Hiarn Strtet, Us Totk
Novsnsaa w 1.
Mrs I-.f Jt Uat' m,
Bane'ic Finaccil i'-Lla a -.R- Co
Utntemm The Wctern Iiv sonf i C eaj.potJ'e andthlo
1 Ra irai,to-opr sni: the 'jiui et 'wtw-- ii "IaMmic
1 ton i n teuhl K-vr. an' tlie o;i nib f ."tew t-ter
tahbTett.o raUiutKaiiwbj', ie dw -t)Untiaily
tomletol anl witl raaiwda, te ready to d
theimmfL-i1 toalan other bj ireJa ta.tt J await
1 Inic it comoleti n ine has -m i.iic a. 00m ri
iatztX B.i tii. Uiweeu Wb ta am bar pi-Ksand
1 R-ebnoDd, a n w in tup .-n'Br an 1 saoeeesta)
l up rati n. Ibe trw.i.z end onion y on eleven or
1 the ii 2 miles, tmtweenthem uth d "ewRirami
IthlM aipcnr pnns l uip tid the work
on the rema ning 1 miies n U a voced tnal
track Ut)tn wtu le c mu.e cr' ou ihi (.ortioo ot"
1 the roa-i in vlay axt, anl c, itmue a.tho&t inter
rapt ion qui' th wh e ii.n -c inpittei.
In new f thr- laeL, ji u ate lre'y 'Lrsrtsd to
make no fartber n Uis Boz.i4 01 Cora, am
at la's prio" tb-n tlaa swuwi 10 rtf-r.a- which
1 ;riee y- uwii e at cn to Belt u .tl tu- Lr o-ders
r r-'pt-'u 1; t fj.
f t i. Ill MIX. foV i1 "Hlrni.
in sr. pi: Jir.ro -vi ti ti.;f r?v i- t:u ll as 1.4
pt.ee .r. be Bond frra th, d r.i .ntll !rther
j dere, wiilbe 01 i a-rue-l :arsl.
T!.e carc.u f sad ut-muri tealiy
Ipinb! -v p'r int. tlosidx,
forbad ant r .taunt Itv vestments, is aeeo, by
j the fae'P :ba
K'iv.-lvwui, Lt.intt of 1: axe sl at
Centi-Al Pat Hi" Kowfv tw SwHj; at 1'"
Cttrruk .C OH lib ilSke1 SI at!
Tfccmi Euni.iall pi lo-h piindssal and -tari-tia
New !..r Cit. in 0 b Id ooln. and cqoi 1
mfe Tjt .trw'tt"1
Tho'e. r. why FivsTnas.Y BM wa
la bcciose no Ti can te u-ue t and U aU-'and
ias: amount .s u;.ct;rip 1 net a. y parafaMS
b the Ci ertmt nt from ti.e jr u-nrTenne
The reason wj, wa thuk v i:: u. :nc Eol
w:llin timeadia-ce to tha r- I i v Tweotie.
ta beeoie no m rieaa' i f e tr
1 tion of thfcir-.uk.ct; fat- .1 imtncet
I (iecrejf :'ib au: int.
Tho rwaj a w y Cba ?e k 1.'. uo 1 j Bsm
j are seiiia w, oatpara .r- j, equally
I safe, i because ,ae Ucs) -e Eo.di U
I complete tt Ta. wi.a.'b waashrt
i time, and m i f-w av ntjj the tui i wi 1 1 finicl
when we havj c ccc' 1 1 1" rca": Ji fj l-w
as wiJi Ti s TFJrr and m. p ic Bonds.
Tha &lnk Q F.ni of t.e Che ipetke AcOho moft
j 1 into ff c: w hin oo2 t. r 'r c apietion
ofttieroi!.
Tha h. aUr X i n.
e.ther so.jk r re s'tr-1 f
as fi.io
it-' re ismi4
&ii ii3 j:e
17 I.3tt
M3.12
Orders fcrt.isnpe ke xzl r'. maj Vj
sent :.rfUi;h any Satio-.a' back o Canker or ar
eompaa'c: w:'a Dnit r 1 ueek.'.jay v'e 'orwared to
as by ma.'. Uoadsorm e ra I f rwanfed ry
any respect V e Expres inpar.v a: i.arper.,
a -d the lht;aueke a 1 cd-. in oathe,
will bo sen: return Eire- ctirt id.
WebnyaaJ soil U vitzz: in titiiL Pa
Ctpic Iov-.s. and rtrslvd ti.'U. bane .r
CataiPSAiir. and bci B t
i Ac3 J'ti 1 1 bink, bu.V
eent. p'T ixikn.
I Nov ,-nlw:m
retved.
1 Joi
EXTRACT
A Standard Preparatioa, endowed by the a n
re labia Evlcia!;ft. aad its atoait,i&ic oar it
power attsstsd by tb utn wuo hare UM-d it.
it is a rare qa. krnmly -or ah cueir of Lea
Cnnary tiransexi9tin4 i t ml or temite IrrLa
tlcnorlrflimatton t no hdneys ac' D'aniar,
fitsvttl. Wthete,JeJ 1 -e 1 m-at m (Jr-ne. Ttk'k
Cloevty L'n-e, Mncu- nnd lnu uitary t'ifcharee
from tretsira, Retrii itn I-i ,rnr.f trie
ChroaU 3 Catarrh of B Mit s." ai C ironic 2'a
diesof tbeUrino O. U! n-i.i
Ho- BAi by ail lru i-i In !nu
everwbeTe e-dawl
i'lle Ssw d;
s acteu.
4.., n. a
Vl-J Blachlne m t-w
J. i. UaVI t
IlATy fda-w-iw
S10 fr. m 5013
l ?aajpl?3
retail ei' it' 1
Mr rd twi t
I'KOnTA'M.
WeUeelretoeat i
World Hencwofft I o-
itt tVnfn, th
L K "tr, N. Y
a Mi'! "SENT.
s s nil the
ki- i s: nkw
j t Silary or on
i ifTfo to A -eat n.
i-i"it. Aidre4s
-ii csnt.
1X1 MAI him:. ,t i
tcauaheiD. A Uorf an
Fail Bs.rtlcarit fnmif-hc i -x
W. A lb.M7Kiu v
lLFL.H j .1
NovUWfdAwlw
IMPORTANT T
JutPabUhedfor 'r
m id
N ,A i.NGLAM
M'ATHeV (oa lar,e tra!? C-lmrti ia
Twnkt. Bent ero- i,u i v. attsliS i
ether Maps.aod wlibour I J rt n i --Up fn to
SOper tuonth clard w i i -end fir
aeecrtrttvw Cticuiar, vn i rn T. r n ry at oh.nj
O. U. uVlRXati Fu'-: r i.' a, N Ji.
Nrr.-tdwl
KI-ANTM Nlti,;f.
11attrassz$y
Jt3ic Cushions,
Car Crrtntc UtisjhaoisH.
SPOKOK nVTIIB HALK OR IOirxi.
We Iavtts the pabttc ti call aad examice ur
Elatw Sponze" Koda, whiefc we are naw eelliB?
In larsre quantities, aad htch are tlvtnx sreataat
lafacuoo.
bponze makes a aofttr Mcttren thui Qair. and
will httd Its elstle y mach h g r. Fa Cnfhion
lnj Churches. Halt ThBarrea mo and IJorse
Cars, it wilt re toa ml th bert article ba cs, anl Is
warranteil proo axant tb.
Me ahoul i be pleaed to send Clrmlarof rafereac
t?any whodeMre.
22tlt'ti ?r;rsc V Co,
sjlx aocvTS roa v. a. sravrv.
Ill U'nsb nton Street, Iloston.
Nov. 14 tdlwlw
K1.MIJAL.L UNION' ACADE.MV,
ME RID EX, ,V. ti.
REV. J. E. GO)DHI0n, M. A PwvaPAU
TlflNTSR TERM of 13 weeks been Thnrsdaj.
Dee 7th Kl
SPRI-J TuRJI of 13 weeks bejiaa Thnndar,
ilarcl 2it, iH7
Fail Ixd of Teachers, New Courn ef 8nly,
CUwicjIaud EapIUh Htjdents for tbo Mi isy
aided Board and thT ixpeosa tfi Ktdfor
CatUozoes or informat.oa V the Practpal.
ait rt 4 en, Nor p. i.-ti nwAutd3t
ESTAU5im im. txconrosuTiD mi
DROY CAUStNESS A30LLCCE.
llatla.
Aaf-wCm
J X .11c
v7W
V M I
cm
I
I
jl irrlMt I Bif o -U UB rmltf GaJ
H nr 9 m i tWipi tfl fc rS I w
P WWfc 3 K .jm 4 fl B BnrM.
QM -7ru.clwjarjtf,sun. C&ttaHj,a CvW,
BBBl lw tliMt,PWiuJi n. epy Twy.S. X,