r
Poetry.
I
n
-r tnrimntlitr Tentcr-tle n.
IX BKEr im nr.
W.uetAKFri t-,,. i
1 intai it vu bntae-ur Uj
Tbe sua wn din, the air wae
Bsliw the tow a, boi. w in? htii
Tdb sa: "t mr ten's anf ui i a i
My Jc who i,aCt
He Si id, Goi kesp yon. meilier dcr,"
Hat old not turn to Lb hu w.w
Taey had some eolith, .die tri -Her
t Bua m like a to edie nuii'a.
And he me proud a any peer.
Howbelt that cibt I took no sets
oj wi nor Ay. tar all was drear
1 marked nut that tbe bills loAed near,
.or that the mvn, thoajb carted ana clear
Ihruugj curd like send did dme and flt'
Tor with m darlins went tbe tor
f autumi woods aal ineadows brown
I cam to haie ike htUe torn
It seemed s i r the eaa went down
Willi Mm. my only darJagboj-.
It wis the middle of the night.
Tjc wind it shifted wect-b a Alh
it piled hith up the harbor mouth
up marshes, buck with summer dmnUi
Were ail j.broat with sea-loam whit.
ft was tha middle oT the night
1 ii" tea upon the garden leapt,
,tid my sja's wife in quiet Blett,
wmr, wT.ea aim wept.
txere came a soddeo li-ht.
lien 1
At: i tn-re he stood hi seaman', drees
VA wrt and dipping eeemeo. iu be
"tif pale tlue fire tr the sea
lr.p(i from hie vanceoU constantly
1 could not bpeak through ooTraroncaf.
f cere through nigh ad stona. he nitl
Thnuh storm nd nightaad doatu. setd he.
T-.kiwm wife. If it b-j ho
n tt strife tun hold Hwtxi her and me
r ail beont m Peace," he sail.
''he sea J Ills, ecd B who sent
he wine an1 wave can soothe their etrlfd
nd brief and f xjfish is mr life
i -looped acd ki-eerf hta sleeping wife,
1 hen sjrhed, and, like a cream, he went.
Now, when my darling kissed not m?,
''at her hie wife et't -Hd ot wake,
t Heart with id me seemed to break
I -wore a tow nor thenceforth spake
Ot what my clearer ejes d d see.
An-1 waei the si m weeks brought him nut.
ureuuw w a epoe h aunt nesiae
I or she her hope upheia her pride
ani in me ail hdpe hvl de1,
alJ mv eon passes as if forg t.
It was about the next spring tide.
i nel and laded woerd she stood
ri "pake no word ot ill or s;mH
rbt ihehstd.culd Bdwwtft blootl
I ail her vcinf and uoiae cied.
Poetry.
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII.
Ot .in I thought, before she pa&ied,
h .-uliprpfscs huterelske
ui.t,f will be ant u break
1 1 i w- m huaren,Man4 lur hin ake
'."i i miae buk until the last
re I s.t, sor care to rmm
-iiv Kjit to near UKeail
-u! t ai (hat this day, next fili.
i pte me sale m part, where ail
u i-vjr s tip ai ia..t coott h jtne
cu havo sailed tlie Spanish ma n.
law my Jacob fch Me;:i
it u tiufwiaaotn: nath there
tyf it dead to tumble me
M lif my Jaeh Turn n 1
JtliMttc MlmntkJu for Jan '.-'4.
Fr the Free Press and Times.
F'liS Know.
T cm.
s. i,i did tiie heantiiul saow er-ms d jvn
w li the pine tree hopfksi to
m u.'iliQsand wTitblnsand ploadtn inf-ar,
i itti thw r ar f miicbty winds cros .nr.
An-1 itherltnz fieree in their ma1 caree
N t did tits beautiful snoir come d'.ac.
i hivr diJ the beant fal enow corne dowa!
rt Mill white and warm like a biessmg
hi ituiir to e-rth for asttt-rs prayer;
Ad the p ue tree rmwed to the mute cares?.; g
or its tuft, white Angres in ail ner liti'
it (ijji, that the beautifut mow cimcdown.
b.iy what jiy, when the snow came dowD
The iiQe knows not oi a prutuls spoken,
Spoken and bwJ in tbe f wiliht gray
V aether that huiifbuis; pledge were bruken,
iinien or kept she may not say
L ut u-e k mow what jty wh m the snow c ia dswa
fit srel lane OK9 IZcaditigm
T1IK PKIXi KSH KOR AM HI1R
1HIKNUS.
!;V iET HAUTE.
lie was a RUmath Indian. Her title
w.i-, I think, a comprooiiw letween her
cUim ah daughter of a chief, and gratitude
to her earliest white protectur, whot-e rmiac,
after the Indian fiu-bion, sfce had adopted
livih' Walker had taken her from the breast
of her dc-ui mother nt a time when the pin
i ore volunteer soldiery of the California fron
tier were iiuprefecd with the helicf that ex
terminatin was the manifest destiny rf the
IndiitVi ra. lie had with difficulty restrain
ed then blc zeal of his compatriots long
enough t convince them that the exception
of one Indian baby would not inv.iliJa.te tbitt
theory. And he tok her tj hit home a
pastoral clearing on the biik of tlie Illon
river whero she vaa cared fir a!tcr a fron
tier fdbhiim.
Bel ore she wa." nine yearn old. hoc had ex
hausted the ecant kindhoet of the thin over
worked Mr. Walker. A a playfellow ol
the youn Walkers ehe was unreliable; as a
nurse for the baby t-bc was inefficient. hc
ltt the former in the trackless depths of a
redwiM d forest, basely abandoned the
latter iq en extemporized cradle, hanging
like a chrysalis to a eovenicnt bough, tone
lit d and che stole two unpardonable bins in
frontier comaiuiiity, where truth was a
necet-hitv and provisions were the only pr p
criv. W( rf-e than this, the outskirts of the
taring were etu'timea haunted by the
h,a.nteted tatter demaliona with whom she
Lid mysterious conlidences. Mr. Walker
more than once regretted his indiscreet hu
manity, but she presently relieved him of
responsibility, and possibly of blwd guilti
ne, liy viswppearing enttrMy.
When she reappeared, it was it the adja
cent village of Logpjrt. in the capacity of
housemaid to a trader's wite, who. joining
k me little culture to considerable conhcien-
ti ii-"nes, attempted to instruct her charge,
1 :ir the i rtneese proved an unratislactory pu-
t t' cen so h beta I a ieachcr. She accepted
ie alphabet with great gt k! humor, but al
iLijs as a pleising and recurring novelty, in
winch all interest expired at the completion
of each l-w m. She found a thousand uses
t r her books and writing materials other
than thirw known to civilized children. She
made a curious necklace of bits, of el.ite-pen-eil.
site constructed a miniature cinoc from
the paeteWrd covers ol her primer, she bent
her pen- intj fishhook, and tattoed the faces
of her younger ctimpaui ros with blue ink
Ileligous instruction she received as g.od hu
moredly. and learned to pronounce the name
of the l)eity with a cheerful familiarity that
shocked her preceptre. Nor cotdd her rc
erence 1 reached ttirouich analogy; hhc knew
nothing of tlie ilreat pirit, and profcd
entire ignorance ol the Happy Hunting
(jrounds. Yet she attended dmuo Berrice
regularly, and a regularly at-ked lor a hymn
ImwW; and it was only through the discovery
that frhe had collected twenty-five nf these
vulumen and had hidden them bsind the
wood-pile, that her connect! n wm the first
Baptist Church ol Lgport ceased, bbc
would occahionally abandon these civilized and
Chnciian privileges, and disappear from her
t'ouic, returning alter several da s of absence
with an odor of bark and linh, and a peace
offering tt) her mistress in the shape of veni
z ,n or game.
To add to rcr troubles hhc was now four
teen, and, according to the laws of her race,
a wutuan. 1 do not think the most romantic
fancy would have called her pretty. Her
c niplexion defied most of thoec ambiguous
ttmilfs through which poets unconsciously
api'logizc for any deviation fitm the Cauca
nan standard. It was not wine nor ambtr
eolored. if anything.it was smoky. Her face
was tatt-ied with red and white line on one
eheikasif a fine toothed comi had been
drawn from cheek-bone tJ jaw, and, but for
the g od- humor tqat I teamed from her soft
lcrry-liltc eyes and shone tn her white teeth,
would have lcen repulsive. She was short
and stout. In her scant dra;ry nd unre- j
strained freeduai she wa hardly ttatucsque, j
ana ner mure untuaiea auituacs were mark
ed by a simian habit of scratching her left
ankle with tbe toes of her tight lot. i:i mo
ments of contemplation.
1 think I haveilreadv fehowu cn.mgh t
indicate the indicate the incongruity of her
existence with even the low standard of civi
lization that obtained at Lgport in the year
lHoO. It needed Iwt one more fact to prove
the far-sighted tioliticdlaagacitv and proj.het
ic ethics of those uncere advocates of exter
mination, to whose virtues I have done but
tant jufctiee in tbe beginning ot this article.
This fact was preteoiiy luixi-hed by tbe
Princets. After one of her reriodical ai-ap-rearances
this time unusually prolonged
-be aetonished Iogport by returning with a
half- breed baby of a week old in her arm,
ihdt mght a meeting of the hard-featured
eeriuus matrons of L igport wa held at Mrs.
Brown's. The immediate banishment of the
lrin(easwas demanded. Soft-feeartcd Mrs.
Urona endeavored vainly to get a mitigation
l,r eLIlension of the sentence. But, as on a
fuimer ocvasion the IViocess took matters in
to her own hand:. A few mornings after
ward. a dicker cradle containing an Indian
'by Wilfi fund bangingon the handle of the
Jour d the J- irbt Baptift Church. It was the
1 arthian arrow ol the flying I'rinceu. From
that day Ljmrt knew her no more.
It nad been a bright clear day on the up
land, to clear that the ramparts of Fort Jack
son and the flgtalT were plainly visible
twelve miles away from the long curving pe
ttiofctila that ttretched a bared white arm
around the jcaeeful waters of Logiort Bay.
It hai been a clear day upon the bea-shore,
albeit tne air was filled with the flvingspume
atd t-hifting sand of a straggling beach j
wbofe Iuwdunca were dragged duwa by the
long surges of tnc Pacific and thrown up j
o.a.iu uj mo tumultuous trade-winds. 15ut
the tun had gone down in a bank of fleecy
log that was beginning to roll in upon tlio
beach. Gradually the headland a" the en
trance of the harbor and the lighthouse dis
i'lcared. then thp wilt. i-
ed tbe line of the K ilmon Bivcr vanished,and j gizcr
"viau iio gunc. j iew natiB fitu gleam
ed on the water of the bay; but the advanc
ing fog wiped them out ono by one, crept
aeross the dtccl blue cxpatH-e, swallowed up
the white mills and single spir0 0r
Ijogpoit, and joining with reinforce
ments from the marshes, moved solemnly up
on the hills. Ten minutes more and the land
fimpe was utterly blotted out; simultaneous
ly ihe wind died away, and a deathlike si
lence stole over eea and shore. The faint
clang, nigh overhead, of unwen brent, the
nearer call f invisible plover, the lap and
vrashofundlfctioguisbable watrw. nil th
monotone roll of the vanished ocean, were
the only soundr a a A. r
"fl I.k.uiiiic Uf the Tug-bell on the head-land
t interval stirred the thick air.
Hard by the thore of the bj, and half hid
acn hj dnltituraand hill n.tf
dew:i.t Btructure, to vrbowj compofifon eea
and horehad equally OMtributed. It was
'u:lt art I j ol d.iftwood and tarred canvass.
Joined t.i ooe end or tbe mam t(uildin"-tho
oMn.ar? Us cabin of the nettler was the
linll round pilot house of
?Tnfr' Wb,le tlle ilher Kal'e terminated in
".o! a or(,en Khale-buit. bailed ngainft
the l,t were the diied Aim of wild ani
mal.'', and scattered ahtmr 1,7 thj. n.,
and jetsam ol manj yca.s (Eatberiog Uamboo
cratcc, casks, hatclies. blocks.
part fji a whale's rertihm and thA
t atmurd-fiHti. Driwn up on tbe beach of a
little e.ive before the bouse lav a canoe. As
the i ight thickened and the tog grew mors
dense, these details pew imjarerptible, and
oDly the windows of the pilof boose, lit op
by a roaring lire within tbe bat,gleamed reef
ly through the mist.
By tbi fire, beneath a ship's lamp that
swung fr.,m the roof.two figures were seated a
man and a woman. Tho man. bruadshoulder
edand heavily bearded, stretched his lUtlern
powerful length beyond a broken bamboo
ehair.with his eyes fixed on the fire. 1 bo wo
man crouched cross-legged upon the broad
earthen hearti,with her eyes blinkingly fil
ed on her comjianion. They wore unall.black
round, berrj-like eyes, and as the firelight
shc.ne upjn her smoked face, with in one
striid chek uf eorireoos brilliant it w.
plaihly the IVinccss Bib and no othr.
Not a w ird was spoken. They had been
sitting theief.ir more than an hour, and
there was about their attitude a suggestion
that silence was habitual Once or twice
tne man rose and walked up and down the
narrow room, or gazed absently from tbe
windows of the pilnt-house. b,it never bv look
or sign betrayed the slightest consciousness
of his companion At such times the 1'rin-
ecss, from her nest hy the fire, followed him
itt: eea of ctnine expectancy and wistful
r.es. But he would as inevitably return to
his c mti'uiplalion of the fire, and tbe Prin
cess, to her blinking watchfulness of his face.
Ibcy had set there silent and undisturbed
lor niauy an evening in fair weather and
foul rl hey had spent many a day in sun
shine and storm, gathering the unclaimed
spoil of sea and shoic. They had kept these
mute relations, varied only by the incidents
of the hunt or meagre household duties, for
three years, ever sim-e the man, wandering
moodily over t'ic lonely sands, had fallen
upm the half s-arvid woman lying inthe
little b illow where she bad crawled to die.
It had seemed as if they never wjuld be dis
turbed, i.n il now, when tbe Princess started,
and, with the instinct of her race, bent bcr
ear to the ground.
The wind had risen, and was rattling the
tarred canvas, llut in another moment
there plaiuly came frjm without tne hut the
sound of v.iicc-i. Then followed a rap at the
d or tl.en another rap and then, before
thry otild rise to their feet, the doer was
flung hri.kly open.
1 beg jour pardon," said a pleasant but
somewhat decided contralto voice. "But I
don't think you heard me knock. Ab, 1 see
you did not. May 1 come in
There was no reply. Had tbe battered
figure-head ol the Giddess of Liberty, which
lay deeply embedded in the sand on the
beach, suddenly appeared at the door de
manding admittance, the occupants of the
cabin c mid not have been more speechlessly
and hopelessly astooisbed than at the form
which stood in the open door-way.
It was that of u slim, shapely, elegantly
dressed young woman. A scarlet-lined
silken hood was hair thrown hack from tbe
shining mass of black bair that covered bcr
small hcid from her pretty shoulders drop-
peu a nir cioaa, only restrained by a cord
and tassel in her small gloved hand. Around
ner fu!! throat was a double necklace of laree
-i 1 i.l.l
wnite oeius, mat cy some cunning feminine
trick relieved with its infantile suggestion the
strong decision of her lower lace.
'Kid you sav yen Ab, thank you. We
may cjaie in, Barker." (Here a shadow in
a blue army overcoat followed her into the
cabin, touched its cap respectfully, and then
stood silent and ei-ict against the wall.)
"Don't disturb yourself in the least, 1 beg.
What a distressingly unpleasant ni'-lu?'' I-i
this Tour usual elima'c
BURLINGTON, VT., FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 20, 1871.
to their throats and f!rikr im a
cnrMi a,l,;.... .1 i
w..uS iiitiuteiTs jor tne exposition
jy the tbouRht that if was '-perfectly
Ireoch." If so, it was a costume which no
trench lady would wear on the public pave
ment. The drees of the French lady is
artiotic, simple, aultless faultless often bc
causo it i3 cimplicity itcIf. She miy wear
brilliant colors in her drawing room, and in
her carriage, never on the street. When
she walks, the wears black or gray, and it
never drags on the groULd. When she goes
to church the wears 'the same colors, is al
ways attired in the simplest manner. This
is true also of Italy. In the Si.tiae chapel,
Home, no lady can enter nnlesi attired in
black, with no covering on her head but a
vail ot tho same hue. What a contrast to
the church attire of American women They
arc accustomed to think of tbemseltes ai per-
oaiuta vuuireu wun Italian and J rencti
women, yet they enter the house of (Jod as
they ould a theater- They don their gij
cst plumage, hang on all tbeir chains and
lockets, take off tbeir kid gloves to show
their diamond rings in the sacred temple just
as in the academy of music. Worse, they
starcjind comment on each other's costumes,
and absolutely make tbe church ol worcbip a
place in which to study the lashions this is
not French. Tbe same lack of fitness in
dress is seen in the utter disregard to age as
well aa occasions in the adaptations of diess.
Tbe woman of 30 or 40 a.ay be ns heauuft.1
as a woman of 20, by her own light, if
there's no incongruity between her vcara
and ber attire. It is only when the woman of
40 dresses like the girl f (l that she looks
absurd. We despise her. n it lor what she
is, but Tor trying to appear that which so
palpably she is not. A French married lady
never wears a round hat an F.ngltib l.idy
only in traveling an English maiden never
at church. Yet every where, American
matrons with faces lined and stirred, may bo
seen witb staring j ick.-ys, set en f;eirgniy
beads like helmets, tieilowcrcd and bcleather
ed and more fantastic than the ones worn hy
their little daughters ol 10; while the little
girls ol .0 may he seen dancing at Dod
worth's in brocade silks, and H)int lace col
lars, old and grand enough for their grand
mothers. Klanm I and linen and uiusliti are
worn by little princes and princtsc abroid,
but are by no means fice enough lor the little
princes and princesses Am n-'in. All -f
which is not trench, though t he jerlictly
French" has been the alpha r.;i I i.tuea ut
our alphabet in dress. Plainly wt 'r.ust I".
gin to learn it over agaiu.
NUMBER 27.
cert a ia petty and spiteful traits, which wc
suppGeed were confined mainly to naughty,
low-ininded human beings. Ihe whisky dog
and the knitting needle dog are a di-grace to
their kind, notwithstanding the fact that the
first would really be a useful number of so
ciety, if he always went around in a rage
pulling out whiky spicots. Certainly dogs
can indulge in spiteful revenge with better
grace than bnja and girls can, and since the
bow-wows have chesen to adopt contemptible
was, the bett thing human beings can do is
to give cp all claim to them, letting every
uen feeling in future go to tbe dogs. Don't
you think so, children?
A Suggestive Story.
A pitiable, terribly suggestive stry comes
to us this week from a Western city- An old
man, the cashier ot a bank, proverbial for his
integrity, dies, ana leaves a larg3 helpless
family to tho aire of hn eldest son, who is
offered his father's eituation at tho same low
t-alary, enough to feed, clothe and educate
the children decently bu nothing mure. The
lad wants more. lie is generous to a fault
an exoej tionally affectionate ton and brother;
loves music, pictures, dainty living, delights
ta tbevtry things, beautiful in natureorart,
uf which his stinted, barren life has been so
niggardly. The mean houe his mother
bhat.hiiy dreaded the meagre prospect before
the horde of children gall and wound him
dailj beyond endurance. Wny should other
men of coarser natures than ho be enabled to
e-uriound themsehes with beauty and grace,
and he and his drag out their lives in hun
gry, unbig'itly poverty? The argument iedd,
it began when the firtst cultured ftoor man
1 wked in the windows of his inferior whj
had money.
This lad finally Iwrrows a thouand or two
from the vault oue day, telling himself it is
but t'-c altering ol a figure in his aec lunt-1;
ifiat in a week he will replace it. Vtry soon
the old shabby house widcnn and brightens
into a warm, luxurious home, tho longi-d t-r
music, picturcH,exquisite furniture are there:
-fiortun Letter to tho New Tori Trifccce.
Boston Sarcastically Treated-
TUZ OIUKD Dt'EC, 1113 BALL A5D GOSCZaT.
Oh. wil! ye chowe, to hear the news in
deed, I thine je might do woree hear how the
dake his p!raare took, at the center o the ani
veiss how all the little babes in town their lit
tle bjmns did rattle through to entertain hi in
and hit 6aits; and how they dined and danctrd
hetetco? Ilecimeia his beauty, this heir cf
the kings, they showed him tbe Common, the
state houe tnJ things they wrote him come
poem, they cnJ; him a bill, and the glory of
13 unker Hill shone over all. Come tfcej coon or
come they late, ba they princes ot the North or
ktngs of tbe Cannibal islands, Boston has for
ttegues a programme of enteitaioment which
never fails an 1 never varies: Firtt Visit to
ibe State House and Faaeuil hall, Cradle of
Liberty, nes of American spread-eigle, and all
that rt of thing second a ball, at which
Ik aeon street dinces with his highness, and tbe
lefser planets wept little weeps uf envy third
a dinner, with a poem fonrth grest organ,
and innocent infantile roirs from the public
school children in ptntalets and roundabouts
assemble 1 fifth Iliadel and Hayden fociety
tixth school-tbip. There are other diversions
of an equally :ethstic nature, bat there are tbe
chief delights which awtit the greit on tbe apex
of otviluution Alexis went raUdlj but firmly
through them all with one exception-be was
mercimlly spired the ichool-ship Does every
body kuow wbtt tbe sehoo'-ship is It's tbe
nautical moral taby-bonse of Massachusetts
an expensive plaything, kept to show an awe
struck world, in the language of little Jack,
44 How cccd I be
Just ifNfit it mi"
a, stracger, here within our gates, hstt
thou written book or mtde a particularly bd
statue? Thou shall dine upon tbe sobool-ehip
Did tby ancestors come over in tbe My-Flower, j
and art thou e'ever? Tbou el a't dine on the i
shool-s'iij. Art tbou blessed fate a lectur- j
er on patent pj'itiss? Tbou tb tit dine on the
Bohoo!-ship. An thoa, friend, of tbe S.ngre
azul 7 Then, truly, snalt tbou dine upon tbe
pchio.-fca;p
Vtoold 30a lik me to call in a minister
The stck man, by a great eff rt of will over a
weak anJ scattered body, drew himself up la
bed to as to be in a sitting potiure, anl sternly,
most soberly and earnestly laid Why, Gjv
crcor, whtt sbculd I want a mia iter for 7 I
never voted the Democrath ticket in my life
R bbon of Honor, the
Sur and tbeGirter?
A story is told cf a man in Connecticut who
frll from tbe roof a five story building to tbe
sidewalk bat, as be struck on tbe thick soles cf
his rubber tboes, he bounced back within a
quarter cf an inch of the rcof. and so continued
to bounce, the distance decieailng by only a
qutr er cf an inch at each journey. lie sub
sisted en hash enclosed in rubber balls, which
he mtnageJ to catch on the boonJ, and at tbe
end cf a aoctb was stepped and restored to his
lamuy.
In a recent report iMced by the Gnette of
India the startling stitemect is cattle that the
aggregate number of deaths by wild beasts
throughout tbe provinces of Madras, Bombay,
Bengal, tbe Northwestern provinces, Panjaub.
OuJe. CentrU provinces, Coarg, Hyderabad and
British BurmuJib, for three years, amounts to
The deaths from snakes-bites over the
fume are- nucibir 'Jo.CCt, miking a total of
88.218
Tbe editor cf t'.e Seyaour. (Ind.) Timet
must be happj H- m ceitamly hteseed with a
supfrabandn(.-e cheek He claims to
posrfss the pret:;ert and smartest daughter in
tbe State, the haudsomeet an 1 most intelligent
wife in the Mate, the ftstest and best horse in
tbe S ate, tt r,et cow in the State, tbe best pig
in thSrit, and to print as gxd a Daper ai
anjhody else in tbt Stite.
Throw away jcar cigar, st," &id a porter
th' o'her day to a gentleman wh was just en
tering one of the p iMic bn Idinjt with a truhiy
lighted cigar in his mourh But I have al
ways smoked hire," was tbe rep'y. No
im ktn allowed ou w 11 have to throw away
your c g-r." Ihe demand was grumbngly J
c- mpbel with, acd five m-nu'es after xif em-
What, forsooth, are to tu tha Red i tlemaa c )tmng out saw tb porter cooi jlaoently t
Order of Catheiine, the
Let tbe effete civilization
gratitude of the sympathies shown to his oun
trj by foreign States in the recent cUmlties
b fire and storm.,and, beyond douht. bis
Itngaage is e-ptxilly addn-ssed to os. What a
diflreoce exiMta here between what Is and
what might hro been It would hae been so
easy to make a dreadful war out of the qaetion
which is now to be amicably settled in a Geneva
hotel As lor glory, there has never been be
fore in history an imperial fact greater than
this ihat the Message of the American Presi
k'J. wri,rea y rb Jr iQ tbe Iaozua?e ot
the British Linidom. One tongue is talked by
thai Tat repubhc of tbe New World an I bv
our islands and tbeir colonies in other words,
some ninety millions of tbe earth's inhabitants
are Anglian. Theirospect of the destiny rt
eervtd for tShazrpeare's toogne which that fact
promises is better than all tbe glory fall tbe
wars that ever were fought and ifweconldbat
ind eel forecast the future we might discern, as
President Grant indicates, tbat tho greatest
event ofthe current age bs teen, after all, tbe
exampleset byBngtani and America in decid
ing an embittered quarrel by an appeal to evi
dence and equity.
The Liverpool rott his the WloaiDg
General Grant's Message to the Congress
bears all tbe marks of national prosperity aod
content. There is 'not asiga cf excitement in it.
All is calm and at i faction. Here at Iett is one
great democracy soberly an 1 1 ffiaentty doing its
uuij .u me wmm aeiciopmg us resources
living on and leipplying for the enrichment of
toe cation ine pronts of industrj and the aocu
KulatioBS cf enterprise surveying all other
peoples with kindliness; rrjriciog m having
helped forrurd peace and citilua-ion by setting
a fashion of arbiu aunj national d ffimltie, and
settling down to its own legislative work with a
plain business-like resolution proper in quiet
times. These are me imprersions derive! trom
a pemsal of the telegraphic summary of the
President's Mesaase. If tht Stat paper atf jrds
no o btr occasion for comment, these impressions
are worth cherishing. They exhibit to ua
great republic filling one of the grndef t places
in tbe world with a dignity that could not be
excelled by the nnat ancieot tni stately
monarchy.
tbe Mayo county (Ireland) family of Riutkes,
scmewbat famjas in Irish history. She wa in
Ireland during the rebellion of 1793, and fre
quently entertains her children and others, with
reminiscences and anecdotes of that thrilling
ind romantic episode in Irish history. She has
lived to see herself the first of five generations,
the youngest and fifth cf the line being an in
fsntof days, and has fifty-three descendants
living, namely, seven children (two sons and
five daughters), thirty-two grandchildren, thir
teen great-grandchiklren, and one great-zreat
grandchild. Rutland Herald.
Kroji Old ad Now f t j
A Lover's Quarrel
oi one i:v in i r-.
'TIIL
,t. 1.,.. :.v ,un .nH Jonlti- u irt-l-t ..t 1 OI a OUTUp ITJ rlUC IU (UCQ WW tVWll 1
i c t of merit is a dinner upen the schol-tbip a bar-
hiKh liv.ng. from winch the "tranwr the o(
po r are never turned away; brothers and I Aniuoa ot and soul, of t.h
lers arc educated aod well '..iced in life lo ok- JnJ hmt of tlK,f tewdtnM acd booitiutic
mtf up tu iheiryuunc protector with a blind (j-nlls Charlef Dick-owent down!
dev. tion: the town (a small manufaeturini; untj ibe hrho I); m decore with his dinnsr, I
place, where inditiJuat affairs arc public aainiadea speech to .be b"j, fuU of swret
prtj'rty -rings uith prai-e of his filial affee- gaiety aod oiaoly couosi-l. Everjbo-ly ho ha
ti in and wonder -it his lawsh generosity, yet I gone anywhere, and dene anything specially
n i itiiestigation is maoc, nor supleion arou- comurnJab e, uioes there. la .act, everylwij
ed. Ins wealth is vaguely referred t 'specu- I ho u b, ilhant and cbarm.n; has dined there,
i Unions in nil,' 'silver mines.' or surest basis 1 I. mjstlf, hae dined there.
in the American mind, to -luck.' At la the Well. Alexis a. yet hi. e.cp.l lint honor
I crash iimi, and a dedication is discu-it-d D,U h" w"Tn:. tBa: h' bo."') hrDnth
ol nearly half a mUlion cf dollars. The em- '"f of b. ball which opewd r.rt ..t
i J f ,i. menaffene fjr the exhibition ot the danoiog beir
KBliwii lias p..nK ou ...r u.,,. .....u ,ht. ,f.lblllli of UostOD were
fu" I 1 1Ut 81
Uiuiuly from funds I te longing to the pjor.the
Horace determined to open the matter savings of sewing w.imen and m-H hand-,
cheerfully, and ignore the fact .hat there bid whu-e curses fall heaf ily on tho guilty nn.
been any quarrel; and so begn hrifkly. Tne roult, ineviuble in the West, follows.
'Well, Aliss SWw, we arc in luck, the mow Ii New 1 ork thedelauder would hde cup
has come.'
I don't like snow, said Xcfie, oonti i-
dictiously. but she smiled as she sud it, nnl, 1
lifting ber great beautiful eyc.tixed them on
lc"( got the room and 1 bin dnese
iiiducc t
men t-;
trom y
id arc t
lijniJ-
tl'lUC
II m r I
cud i -i
jr i.
Half grai lously, half absently overlooking
the still embarrareed silence of the group, she
went ou '-We started from the fort over
three hours ag-i three hours ago wasn't it
Barker?'" (the erect Barker touched bis
cap.) to to Captain Emmons's quarters
on Iodjan Island I think you call it Indian
Island, d in 'byoa (she was appealing to
the awe-striekeu Princess) "and we pit
int the fog and lost our way that is, Bark
er lost his way," (Barker touched bis cap
deprecatingly,) and goodness knows where
wc didn't wander until we mistook your
light for the lighthouse and pulled up here.
No, no, pray keep your aeat, do' Keally, I
must insist
Nothing c mid exceed the languid grace of
the latter art of this speech nothing except
the easy unconsciousness with which she
gliled hy the ofiered chair of her stammering,
emharni-ed host and st wd beside the open
hearth.
"Barker will tell you." she ontinued,
warming her feet bv the fire, '-that 1 am
Miss Portfire, daughter of Majir Portfire,
commanding the post Ah, excuse, me!
child V (she had accident ill v trodden upon
the bare yellow toes of the Princess. -Ue
ally, I did not know you were there. I am
very near sighted." (In confirmation of her
statement, tlie put to ber eyes a dainty dou
ble eye-glass that dangled from her neck
"It's a shocking thing to be near sighted,
isn't il?
If the shameful uneasy man to whom this
remark Has addressed could have iound
words to utter the thought that even in his
confusion struggled uprnrmost in himind,
he would, lisiking at the bold, darE eyes that
questioned biui. denied the fact. But be
only stammered' "V'es." The next moment,
howtter, Jdtss Portfire bad apparently tor
gotten him and was examining the Princess
through her glass.
-'And what is your name, child?"
The Prince!, beatified by tbo eyes and
eve-glass, showed all her white teeth at once.
and softly scratched ber leg.
"Bob''
"Bob? AVhat a singular name?"
Miss Portfire's host here hastened to ex
plain th origin of the Princess's title.
t hen you are tton f&ye-glaes
"No, my name is (irey Joho Grey,'
And he actually achioveJ a bjw where awk
wardness was rather the air of imperfectly
recalliT-ga forgotten habit.
'Orey? ah, let me see. Yes, certainly.
You are Mr. Grey tbe recluse, the hermit,
the philosopher, and all tbat sort of thing.
Wby, certainly Dr. Jones, our surgeon,
has told me all about you. Dear me, how
interesting a rencjnoitrc Lived all alone
here for seven was it seven ears? yes, I
remember now. Existed quite au natural,
one might say. How oda f Not that I
know anything ab utthat fort of thing, you
kuow. I've lived always among eople, and
am realzy quite a stranger, I asure you.
But honestly, Mr. F beg your pardon
JUr. Gtey, bow do you dke it?"
She bad quietly taken his cfiairand'thrown
ber cloak and hood over its back, and was
now thoughtfully removing her cloves.
Whatever were the arguments ami thry
were d jubilees many and profound what
ever the experience and it was doubtless
hard and s.tisfying enough, by which this
unfortunate man bad justified his hfe for the
last teven years, sjmehow they suddenly
became trivial and terribly ridiculous before
this tioiple but practical question.
To he Continued.
Horace not unkindly
But don't you see, Mi .Vtt, r-!cigh-ride
is to come off now?'
'Sleigh-ride?' said Mij Nettie. in a t -tic t 1
innocent inquiry. What c!eif:t.-r. Je
'Why, oftNrtirsoy m know. t.c tdcigh-rt i
that we fellows hue been planning L r trim-
or tour weeks pact
tne fiddler engaged.
Now, Nettie knew all these tSmg" perfei t
ly well. Tbe fact was, that she and Jtnc Bur
gess and Rachel II jIIv had dieeus-fd tfum
over and over t tht- minutest dctaiN of p s
sibililies,and wnat they were to weir. But
was she to let the enemy know ttu-' Ol
course not.
Oh she said, 'I em't be exj n't-td 1 1
know, as nothing has been said t t:
Why. of CHirse,' said II r.n
I don't think it is if course, sul Nettie.
'How should I know an thin,:, when notfitn
has been said to me?'
'Why, ye; it is nil anuniiid .Ivfl Firm
ing is tJtake June Burgee m tu- new p-b-ig 1.
He went to New Urtven lai-r wck.und Ixmht
a new string of bells on purpose: ard M.rt
Hinsdale is going with liaehel Ibuly: ur
may I have the pleasure. Mi Nett.c
raking you
'Oh! it appears I am Holt in sc!i nice
Thank vou. I don't kcowth.it I -hui:
go. It will be very cold, and 1 t'mik ele
rides are rather a b-irc.'
'Now, Miss Stlva.you really c :u U c i
cruel
Cruel I don't know what vou call ru"!
Ah I see what you me in. I supp -se .m
have trieda'l the other gir!- uni f.;a 1 tut'i
engaged.
i do think you arc th m: rov.kinj:
person, Miss Nettie, tbat I ever diu know.
Horace Yanzandt was vtry hnndeome
young fellow; and when v." Ptirv the
blood flushed into 1 oie ks and trie
snapped from his eyes: and Net i 'e!t a ptr.
lous sort of pleasure in pro oking c-t nat
ural pbenomana
Come now, Horacv," phe said suddenly,
assuming an air of the most sistfrly c mfcrn,
'why must wc always quarrel? not t'utt I
cae particularly about it but it really greu
me t j see a pers m tdnt I respect give wa to
bis temper so.
'By George! Neltic, its yjur fault,' -Jiil
Horace. l never do get so angry with any
body c se.but you seem t delight to mule
me miserable. Now I came to invite you on
Sunday night, but you quarrelled with me
and got it all out of my bead."
Well, Horace, If you have cou.r j iE i
renew the Sunday night's quarrel
'I haven't. I came umake up.'
'And give me Hobs n's choice in the
slcich-ride,' said Nettie.
Horace wse up hastily and flung out of tl e
room. Nettie gave one quick mWJievious
glance after him, t-e.zed a little packet from
her work basket, ran round by a do: her path
to the gate, and was there "V-fore Horace
got there. 4 You silly boy,' she t-aii; 'voo
never will give me time to give ou tit I- i
had it all ready for vou on Sunday nif.t
It was a guard chain of Nettie sown work- j
manship, which had been promised to II race
months before. j
'I've sat up many a night working n t
this. the said reproachfully. i
0 Nettie!
'Lome now, let's be friends,' s!ie said, lay- j
ing hex band on his arm. KelIy, Horace, j
I feel absolutely concerned about your vio- j
lent temper. You must overcoine it. Hor-
ace looked at ber quizzically as she put the
guard chain around bis neck, and then fol-
lowed her an unresisting captive, into the
bouse again, where it pleased Nettie ti keep j
him at ber feet reading 1'cnnyson tj her till
nearly dinner time. And this was tbe way I
tbat matters commonly wen: on between
Horace and Net'ic. i
i ed iff to Europe very probably, but
tuot) cne, the giid ol Vt cetcrn pe-i,
out poiiichment there in pr an' i
I he d u-l ung young fellow .i i
guilty if ibe bad taste of forming a breath lets
and imaovftble circle around the duke while be
went through ihe solitary quadrille of the uu
ment wth the happy seven sclec'ed by tbe c re
mittee. But wbit would yuu Tlie riiiculou
r-hu LCCt f thp JvprMi t y ffete.
tjjn r-nu c urrn we it r i i "r i..imr ir
tisteb anu t,'tierous t
to drag out the b r y
iTentury, leavir; -tiim
to Ifvtir tt r j m
ffrai e as 'cst i
Now such r
Me in any m.-
li'
I
lei--
r
1
r.-f.
t;:
or t 1
gra
ItC L
tilt
the;
Uwv i
is rai'
made. i
hrc strokes. i1
int the i in i
I convict's i t'i'
I ci il sucoes-. t'tit
nature and num 1
1 World h:iie hi ci- i
mans. ct ti j. h i
t nc ui' tim. a
which it would I
younir man ti urt
I Tribune.
tr u it'
i t i
in 1 j u'
t. ir ii r--, j i a il n i'
b" hv i f t i i n i r i we
,t uit ar i., i. t
i 1 1 1 i f i-i 1 t-
t ,11 'I i
1 1 :.J I Jr I I l r- 1
i tu- s, l ,a i
ill' i t.r t i i
till l i
L X ffl W.I.I- T.t-
ur
h i i I I J t
L Wi i 11 r 1 i I i
nit 1 -"i 1 a '.i i
ft 1 I V I" f'
.uat'. I'i i 1 1 1 s'' t
SlI 11. 1- t it -a ti
i f "ii-vv j i i f e t
fc i t i i .i i 1
ur i .n i.i' i mo m 1 i
r I 1 i 11- i f; 'i
IS ti t" f. t 1 t 'it 1
l i I. rt r f i -a -:-n
t i 1
i H j ti f is i
t J I' '-.1') TP I W I I ID 1
t 1 l r I tt .Tr i L
a i- iM V v a.
i. t t h a "i
h i i 'i i .t i r; i
v U' X I r- h It tie t i,
trf i ..-t.-! i i rtr r i t-
t i v 1. h a:
r-a" I is 2 t-
111'! 1 H. t t
rt. r- t.i i, I r.. r
1 i r V i 1 I-
lit',' -Mr t.
tit a- I i i- a i
i' 'i e a 1 :..r I',.., I
a 1' I p tf t
.uJa n c f
iv! t-r. t
-ah: i it.
i i
Hit ar 1 1! t r f j
Ilk t 1 1 t F... 1 J 1
a. tL.r i i r i K
buibhing the tine Havana wbica henclreen
cipeil d to rait stray.
r Fieneliwonwa were .keJ "Ifyouwtrel Th. fditor of tne Uziton (Ky.) Caactian
c mr.ilcd to mirrj Urbtin, Assi or Fern, 1 doe-n't like prisces: this is ho be allodtt to
w hit h if tbe communist would )oa take Oe J the isceptioo cf Trince Alsxis What a laad
'-'.K: 1 "!8'"I",e of viis fl.aake it this hca-.,l American Repub-
tit .--worshippers. Eve-y old homr-rnsnaf&otmeJ
n nc mpoop, who errr saw a corcstals master,
fir pr nded t a dog fight, sortin a brrvet, as
Mdor, Colonel or Geec-ml Evtry corner-grc-cerj,
barrel-head urrpire. or yquirs. And the
wri'j'ecintneDt in dick-firs of ecstatis adtiration,
i wr every scion of the tffjte despotisms of tbe
ul I wjrli," who air his tawdry tinsel and gilt
'ace open onr h -res The lecherous, wm'-tiiotic
lHDce of Wales; the stap.d, vu'gar Artbar;
u.d now, the eidest cab of tbe Rnsmn bear. A
tbe oler 1 b'tnwt hete in oomoiO'ion. New York snobaob-
b'ery w.H with ecthusi-wci. Fifth Avenoodle
doKiabliit with shod J viatic glory Our great
mrtrop'ilia n its bvad won liirt-eattng mpture.
B'oalway line-J, fjr tbn-e mi.w, wita kouung
tuavals of anstocrara. Women cheering aod
wa.ik t!e;r perfai-l ban Uer-isirff, tiil tbe
cry air rwis, sice an t ha uti-ia, at the up-roa-
roI br fragrance Tm th nsnd $tte
iro-s as a guard cf honor. American
seuatora an 1 g.venorB ecra.-r.b'iijg f r
tb exa'trd priuicee of an n.troiuction
an 1 r nf-'imkinr or matins !(.n imxi
tinriJE yrllaw in-i.e.; eojtbero p:c-
ci ua ttr. f wait- ti And krh
ai-ricti ladis-s cam ing,
btfdiiiij?, n.irfp lvrnug, fjr tbe
I i jrht ti n'ic h:m aulTer tbe longest.
Am -rti; ti.e plant nt (juirea, one of the most
un'i.usi a tnu.'.n-i'Ml ties. I prows tothe
f. n 1 oa fi w. rentra
J ti iiprniir, I ;if i reiU-
l ifu. crini'tin, aj arioj; i'i li'irt t ur.-'tiet, in 1
kxt "sT r'.'h jriun.". 1 ji T-ui rt-e i tiles
eaorct -u- k,&LTi n herre tS m- u II .w-t-
r, nt- fay U ca b eri ti ft! vi'ite uf
'liMDrf v-li h t'i I iil .afce i'i hurft'njr.
1 run the .1 d t:.e-'C i.' i:- zt? r.i-i, hd J
ibe cjl tn nta.o f"rci km li id act is, tv
si i(H rujar an 1 gum, au I t'iru b t'i uatrrul
fo" uiak'nu an excellent lr.:.k n stcknts1 But,
s LguUr a it niy aopear, f li-s f a p, when i
r-rtrc'ly t'pt stute, wry t: 'h, in
Political-Festale and other Items.
The womsn of Wyoming voted the RefjoUicaa
ticket, aDd therofore they were diafranehtsed by
the Drmceratio IVyosing legislature. Bat can
they be disfranchised except by some cnminal
act cf their on.
The movement fir th enfranshisemeat of
T7omcn is reported to be progressing steaiUy in
Irelanl under the auspices of .Miss Ann Isa
bella Robertson.
Ia an election hell at Greeley, Col, on the
21, the people of that town nominated by ballot
the nan thsy wished to receive the appointment
of postmaster. Nicety-eight women participated
in tne election.
There are about 50 wjmen ia thc3tAte Agri
cultural Collegce at An.es, Iowa; theyjhare one
wing ottbeoulegs buildings, and of them Presi
dent Welch says I have been aiked if they
gave trouble in thalr intercourse with young
men. Yec, they do. a Utile ooaasionallv. anl
but a little. With us at to iatellcc u&l capacity
tbe sexes appear to be about equal. Tbe diffi
culties w have with then are far les tbaa with
jopng men alone. Oar bet: chemist, working in
ine analytical laooratory, is a gin of seventeen
The girls do all tbe housework. A matron super
intends the girls, and there is alto a general
nouse Keeper.
Ihey have in Boston a Women's Ecbaomiral
Garden llomeeteal league," and if, with alt that
came, it doesn't conquer, then truly may it Le
said that we are without hope. Tbe scheme cf
the ajwciarioo is to create women's villages,
wherein each woman stall own a garden of six
acres in extent, exmp: from taxation, and
wooiy free from tbe control of man m any
snape. no womn is to he permuted to own
mere than six acres, and at the death of the
owner it is to detoend to ber ff male heirs Thai
iast provision may wicj qd a village in one
generation.
O. baltbi dice IB) w we love widder
ad i the beaud.fal aiuw tbe rising the berry
Dens tne log iciglea on tbe cord ices adJ,
Jackel so fiaely eigxpresses id
Tte froz4 opo-l ih w.dder pade,"
a' I cobbMe to reJder this, tbe wiJdcr teasod, tbe
bost c.arpig. lorely, aid beaudtfal of all the
seascl. Brxieyoa tbig w' Whad if wad h2
a Hddlec Id in his head, so thai wuisdzt
a,'oh-ed up? You ead lod expect that th'a
world wilt have ?o:h.dg iJdit bui fuJ, ead you
IAj, iduced
Th Ittte People.
srjoasa wsirnit.
A dreary pTaco would bs this earth,
Wie mere no Utt ppie la It
The roojc o lif wuald lis m rta
Were tiler no r Iilidrn to beia it
No litt forms tlkn bids to craw.
And uako tao ninlrist; ait sarrsadar
No little nana o br aa and br w
To keet tbe thrllhnj tove enordi tender.
The sterner soals -oa.d srow mre stern,
UnrreitniCDatara u.oie Inhuuuui,
And man to stoic e o b-m tnro.
Ana wmau w nld bo leas abaa woman.
Life's son r,In4ed wouHlfse Its chirm.
Were there nbiM t'rl.-It,
A oUful p.a ihU wr r d wi nl i bej
Were tWo no tt-i'o people tn It.
Lilt If UuldenUatr.
CoMechalr cllmed npon Granpipa's kaee,
ler JUtie Oo.otabir. tires h.
Ail tte dy bajy as oaty comi oe.
Up la the morning ai srj aa twt light.
Out with tbs trda atu bntte flies tr ht,
pippin-a .out till tbe coming o. l1x ht.
Grandpapa toye avth tbe ftirls on ber heal,
What has my darling heen d.-la- n hsal1.
8-neo be anwe with the saa frw her bed 1"
P.tty mu3b.w answered tbe swet llttl ne
1 1 cannot tell, so much tttas I hav d me
Pia 3 ed with ay dolhe acd ed ay ban
And then I j oared with my litt'e rope.
And 1 m vie oat of ouia a,ttr n sp
Bootlrai worlds, mzmio'i ex tie- of bore.
I ftsrwards reeded In my pet a re book.
And BiU and I we met t look
Fur the soieeth little sseass by the aids of tbs block.
Ard then I ooated bens and atd 107 tea,
Aod I enraed ojMnrpm.a,s knee.
And I J as tired as tired eaa be
Lcweraiht lower th lut'e tad presi-1,
UBtlt U bad 'trooped nuoa snadpaua'a rrtast
Dwar litUe Galdtahalr, sweet be by r s:
We are but hi'drn. the tlna's hat we do,
Are as sporO of hhe t hi in, tlte vtew.
That marks ail oar weakness and pities It too.
God grant th t when mzbt overshadows oar way.
And we ah ill he ca led -o atooaut for our day.
He shall litd ns xi galielesd at lioide&hair'jiay.
Aad 0 when aweary may we bMet,
n to ai-ai nk tbe lnsoeent ehl d to o r rest.
And to feel oereelves ola prd t-j tne Infinite breL
f ra it ia eutr
The t'orne'l Er .i
"'n a te iow dr is
i --1! 19 tar nly.
i wng fu e. a' d f
Li ;-W 1 k, wl h
lii Hi j 11
lii-.u.
rrw ,y pjinteily itat
n tn se a r-Dur and the
iswirel by a gir! with
ts.l b tiur's tat. e has
r. r hi :n ure, lying
-f c o'e it e--b
t J juiC t I ok
te Ititcy ew
lik
dt-I l.l 1 Ml
-Xi 1 th
1. at, f
r. Ibe
FT1L-S BCM TV.
m oiGcr to aeo uire a c
of i
lathe
1 no w men
nr t latn
theniMlves nveral days -n lukewarm wa'cr
They stay 5tt long in tht r u r that tin y
eat uad drink therein. Diirmg tlie tne
they are in the batft, they take cwn halt
Lour r tuic brijth ma Je of a fat ji.ller. md
t ufled ith dweet almond, ha i n n it-.
datcH atd pictaehi nuts. Alter Mkinir t i
t jrt of broth four times, they eat a puh .1
but the head. When thy come out ol the
Imtti, they arc rubbed over with perfume
and heet tcen'ed puna turn, and alter tha:
some of tjiem take myrobalans before going
to tx'd other takes draught prepared with
gum tragaeanth and sugar candy. For our
own part we have r.n objection to a reasonable
degree uf obesity a fair and ordinary degree
ot tulncm ar.d r uudness of form i quite
oisential to the prorier outlines of lerwinal
henuty in thegtutlt-r sex but as to havi g a
downright fat ldj-!o.e heaven .aic tis
what a death it Mould le to all ideas of
romance. Iluweier, '-what's one man's
meat ie another man's oin)n," and what
constitutes beauty with one nation would be
set down as deformity by another, "ur ex
ample, observe the petit and nnebapen leer
of the Chinese women, considered among the
V lestiaN as an indispensable charact critic
of beauty.
ft I L t 111
t. ir I.ijir
IV-wr r
n t Ma
1 iLt-
1, nt tit 1
K, 1
A ir u
lliV PlJi!
1 "if ri -raru w 1
ear- 1 at :.if- pi l
,n ri 1 w.ty, a;
wri fir was Sir
St 1 1 1 i tM
1 w tLi' pt i-l
ti a 1 :,e 1 rt ry 1
if fi "eBHa umc 1
j an I, a
r, t i 'h Krir r wf d j S"'
n' t ,u!J U3J u'-.ln farrendcl
ii1 a t the i.tt e .1 pu' e.l tiu a'i'a-
traci au 1 t" '.1 fci'a t!w L.111 I a
a'ing. f!ie Iiule oou cri'Uo.ie-i
tra.'i Wtr.t over Lim witii .it bur
v f tl.. rig dnjj Traa crunni tj au
tfi iaT cin be p o-i-icr I tj f rje
froai tb Eric railway iififnt cf that
9S) old Mexican to uitter,
feet, an 1 al-t. a borse tbi' threw
the maj t. One e.eciag the
it was cut on the parade jrrtjuaf
anl, as uuai, put tbruen off.
boys pok? up an 1 si 1 "I
t- ore dn't throw ihe
ibkel by a dcin or mo"e. "ell,
.jir'e Citsacb Isttz feet tviat tbe
1 w m shafts Mo'U iit(r.
1 ta has a cwlcred 1Kb .rcg cl
1. 1 last d ?,useti !j 'ri.et auast
w Wb'ch is the m rt useful. paper
1 The Pre:J-nt ws fr a long
1 a'-' as ;o wh .h siJe bat po
jt- a-gutrtct, when rev vt the
a se and ery grarely iai 1 Mr.
e la" was a bar nut i-r at dp
was to p acd c'lake r! ej -rer
v whM de bar w-iu'l I3uf
f iid t; bira and mar J-rft.'t
uesur: Ihe rrp'lpQ i-'h-a
favor if p w ler
r rfibe British bouse uf l -iuj na
cent rei leoc, iin:she-i ail k-p: iu
puh ii expense, aud c .tammjj one
is He rteeives a salary of ;?-,-etireient
is alsy i"-eavJ a Vie-
a peut-u'i uf VjI a on
liaises t' Ms el lest OHly
her tbe 1st ner tbe pn ent spt-aier,
'h married rien, has any n to
fi things
tne
an m me a: rr
sotisest of a!!
strujghr.
fe.ic ty t tK-inrr huirr-lv in-rova! iimiu.r tn
the fir-r le ir.' wal-z Tbe wbu'e prens of
the i-.uii' j, ed.turi.l, lnx anL ttVgrapaic,
je flxrm w tb d t-paMe K''ble about tbe
(irinl Duk; x9 magnificent ovafon
bow h Km ii,. it 9i ti Uatu he ii gvreo- J
aded h. put-;e be anus he 1 p!rasd he j
is astounturl Aod who or wbar is Alms The
neir apparent of the m.jt brul desLOtism
i.b ls'fod i D hiinio 00 of the koout and the
raex chiet-ja. er of Siberia b?d-:rasber uf
Poland A man a crea ure of tbe dust, whwe
cat uon wit: mjeil &o sweeter than
meanest serf n ea-th-'orn a-il ear.h-Soon!
insert, w'j.se ca ces rhe trwe-wom,, twenty
years hence, caa't tell by the flavor, from
that of the hurnhbrat bw who shivers to
island varvatiun mij ibe cellar and sewers
of the michtj uty wh ch squaodsrs millions of
dodara upon hie reception Bab Away
with tb.- be-, siamefal. aaiiM, public
belly-craw'.io; It. uu-Ameruan, ac-R-pub-lican
a id cti bu: ltI,er ua aaj our jn.lIt.j
t.jns con-ean i.e, aM the orlJ
rattier be a 1 ng, lean
stray ye
htdrc
1CAT!I OF BtSBOP B.1KEE Of X II. KV.
Osmon Cieaader Biker, 1. P., Bishop in the
Method st EriscLpaL Church, died at his resi
dence in Cuncord, H on elcesdiy. Hu
health began to fail about six years ago, and be
soon afterward became unable to perform the
duties of h s poettbn. For several years, how-
eier, he atreoded to hi cmcial correspondence,
but siLce lb''-be had been incapacitated for work.
For some iuontns p- h'.s pbysical soileriDge
were litcose, anl te pa'tenty waned fur death
1 to rthetc bim frni earthly paio A few days
ao be was stricken with fara'ytis aad eom-
menct.1 to sink rapidly. ocsiJerable of the
time he sas unconscious, ani when rational
he cold inly with great u.ficuVy make any
com moo tea: ions From his faint whispers it w
learned that his last thoughts were with his
ehurch which he hai served so long aod faith
fully He was a native cf Marluw N. H.,and
n 1 vi; J years of age at toe time of bis death. He
was a graiaateof the nesleyan Carveraitj. In
September IS?), he was appointed a teacher in
the Seminary at Neabnry, Vt., and five years
that of bis later, was made its principal He remained at
Newbury until 1844, wheu he becsme pastor of
the Methodist church in Rochester, N. H.
lStT be aoceptei the chair of theology in
the Metnodist Genera! B.b.'caJ lastitate at Con
cjrtl, since removed to Boston. Subsequently
he was chosen Presiient of that Institution, and
filled tbe position until May, l-oT, when he was
elected one of the B.shops of the aledyodisl
ver. We'd
og, lean, man. v. ez-ackm j.
d an! bay the miiuuht rojn,
b b:a seieon, than t cul oinirn
a-arncan ci rn. a freeaian, an I be ever ready
t dropcnvur knes, and aiib rurcoar-uils
p. n iug stra irbt sfciwari. stick our baadsome
G.-ecta cfa tory p-ohoscis forty fe-t deep, tn
tc niuck-beapof self hzi -at. before every
imp.rt.1 ri thit vreir Kt'let s'ar, as 1 a
jaw eakn-e banile to h 9 came Down with 1
diinheim
An Ant.Rtss to bis Fkunui Urge num-
pentiemen fr ,m tat; Pa.iS cjasr, inciod-
Churcb at s Conference Session held in BoMon
From then until the penoi of his impaired
health, tbe deceased diligently and efficiency
fulfilled The arduous duties of his bishopric. He
pres.dei at Conferences m var.cus placer from
,the Arlanfc to the t'ac.iic. He visited Califor
nia and Orrjroa several times acd traveled an
nually from ten to twenty thousand miles. His
first attack of paralysis came upon him wbhe be
ws crossing one of t ie loftiest mountains in
Colorado, on his way to a distant Canferecc
He recetred the drgrer cf Ijctor of Dino'ty
from the Weslyan University, and from l'iok.u
son College ia Carlisle, i'enn.
Tbe dotinsraisbed prelate was a deep thinker,
a profound scholar and a sound and earnest
preachrr Uis superior exvutive abilities, aad
his excellent julgmen', made htm one of tbe
most valaah.e of the "Ieth(-d.st bubops, aivi m
There is a yoante Dake named AU tn
Wlos other 1 ame a mwuat peipuxes.
A lexauderu ai ten
lsioaiui wj'd vi, h
b tamps naan t.Vjiitr 01 A 'eat?.
In the mind of the Grand Itok A'a
Tber iiTit-itioa rni rer ma-h vtxc.
Which ti how to cet m1
Uf the loadieft't ut
Vnbeare boriag tbwti aM Iake Aleim
Thee ta a on-!; man namtd Alexia
Atosv whom Th-ot,pLS iiKtU
botlet as very.
Th ojch u'eardly trerrv,
AstowhothaU be Mrs. Alexis,
Tlie HIIy, Uuri I, and Yew.
The white nmeeiii .n tberl.ered bnrb,
Tbe red burned u-.ll t"e irjen-ipikedycw
Tte hinin Uur 1 n irwt! n w
AD'i tbehouirf or the hui an short at?
lew.
Hut kind hearts beat hy the bright flrle.
And soft e Sjark'e h e e-'U'it
And we draw Ue car ind at e eoti e
bhu'.oot the suud -Wi, ani wc Cosoe nlht.
The now flakes fit.: t r uh the darkeoeJ air,
But sri'ri 'jiorffl f .r ma ct,w-.
Ana, (may be we bvd ii7ortS).a e.
A d Beta xv j to u) tioiue.ers a penay fee.
Ah 1 hrlichter then h -e h hm -stead Qro.
Acd dearrr ae-no t ed r icm aIi,
It'wtj tareih ojt v,u .ik.ilt) pah cat 01 the
ml a
A 1 1 other who iot i cliane to fall
An-1 as we w .aid h j ne r, la' as Ho
A hlia b-U he 0 carta O'ssnl
An th-ieverj; een tirl y an 1 lurl a d ew
He -I.i em i,einj.re:D (.fjar4io.ru ol-wiil
a- 1 ti 1 I'.-hl
ii h
Le ml
-e a 1
l.UHKI
1 1 ttiil.
111.
b-:. 1
ui e-c 11 s t .thtber
Ue
1 tte
tt B,'
te-i ie in.
111. I Uf'f
IK -v fc n u, t ler
.urr; nun J i n, K
D i 1 1 l a 11 her
in ten niiT
It !ltr, ibe 111 1 Auk -n't he.'" 'lo whom
tie expie si 1 N n't he He looks so
c i'vn Vj.l iu look clevah" in Bjtton,
I doa t you know, is something for which tbe
gods and one's ancestors can, sever be sufficient
I ly thanked.
I Did yoa ever bear of lb "clevah" B ton
ilame, wao, inquiring a' a bookstore f.r one of
I Knt s most abitruie works, was toM that they
1 uiu 11
jao
AlUEIICAX ABSCltPITItS i Duns How
eboctod woald tticN: lsdien of our "ErEtBoci
ctj, il thej kne;r that the torturing and ill
ruimios shots on 1;uki Hill-like heels
they ulfer to a lady no Pans thop
kcei'cr would CTer ufllr to a lady. To suffer the
excruciating fain ol tho ioqui.-ilion, to he
crif pled for life flr the wke uf playing the
French lady, would be hard enough but
after f uch rasrtjrdoin, to bo only lito the
demt-munde cf the boulevards, is tjo bad.
ror more than two years American women,
especially JouDg girls, hare walked the
public streets, with conspicuous chain9
and ljckete, he flaunting hows or ribbons
attracting the attention of every passing
Do Docs Turviv? A little nirl, ignin
hcrtelt Uuth lillins. ends a Irtrer to Our
i oung talks, in wnicn mic ten- Kiuifsur
j priMng homo incidents concerning d- (f
I ber acquaintance. We reyi-t tneia fir the
I benefit of our Ixiys and girls, though we nrc
I by no means aure that erery one will iwe
I each incident preciM-lya Kuih ws it. 01J
Zck, shall ead oflT, as he deserves
'Old Z.ick, my brothtr John's do, was a
large watchdog, partly niastid. partly hull
dog. One day a large stray d-ig walking
slowly up tne avenue, Zack came out of his
kennel, Miowed the stranger in, brought him
a bone, and gave bim of his fojd fur two days,
sleeping outside near by and when the
stranger was well recruited, be walked down
to the gate with liim and showed him out.
ISasker, Stella's dog, came up to mother s
and louking up and around the room, began
to growl in a threatening manner, fixing his
ejes on tbe portrait of my father, lie win
jumped up on tbo sofa whicn stood under
tbe picture, and looking attentively at it,
seemed to be satisfied that it was not a man
he then lay quietly down and never again
greeted the picture in thi manner.
Beauty, a black and-tan terrier, being re
proved for barking in tho cellar, and told
sharply there were no ran thtrr. kept up his
watch, and in the oourse ot an hour caught a
large rat, which he insisted resolutely upon
taking vpslairs, and liid down tiiumphantly
before his mistress.
My brother John's dog vros revengeful,
lieiog on ono occasion scolded and not fed,
his dinner being given to another deg. he
walked down itairs and took out tho spigot
of a barrel of whisky, let'ing it all run out
At another time, because be wos scolded
about some xniscbief he bad dme, bo failed
to bring a tin pail which he was in the habit
of taking t J tho men. IIo was told tbat he
would havo nothing to tat until he had
brought it he then went off and brought it
from under the fence, where he had been
eccn to place it.
Ono of the dogs at home lieing reproved
and told lie could not come in Men to the
dining-room, went directly to mother's rooin.
jumped up on the window-scat (three feet
high), threw her eye-glasses across the rioro,
then walked ut to tbo third story of the
bouse and pulled out all Helen's knitting- I
needles and came down triumphant.
not, and who rtjiined, Ah, havetTt
Then ue sj cood as to cive me Vuck
by iiuiJa" A oertaia lecturer ot four's says
mai every pui.ati id o. tne somrtbttig oh.
heart and biaio, I believe, of New England, i.
felt bj'vou ot New York. Is it so, indeed
How much and what does bif, buitlio?. virile,
vivid New York take from Boston's eolemn clev
ercen Don it not uke Col. Fisk, my friends,
and his mai-servants, ani his miiJ-servauls.
and his cattle, and tbe light of Teres ith with
ibeoi 7 Seriously, for a city of radicals, Bustoa
very narrow. There ia a coleur locale over
everything. It is not in the least coemoponun
It ia virtuous, it is aharlt&ble. it ia ei.v.r Ir
iu.d 11 giiod chance tho past sea-on to note hath Gilmore and tbe Pilgrim Fathers, and the
thceflect upon grain uln difference in soil by Infant bind of Harmony, and Bunker Hill, anl
the removal uf buillings and the clearing up tBe Handel and Haydn, ana a small group tf at
Tbt 3. irtsh Press on President Grant's
in Message.
11 .ion 7"i a the trli i:iunt .jeka
1 ers cftae worl I are meeuojtheir Pr
aoJ I're. ideal Grant mav, pe 'up.
it th" cifpurattu3t-s on ler woich he d
11, 'ne L isla'ure of the Uiiirel St.t-'- nrc
itiKs'tt a'l 'Ibe Euperur of Grmauy
-ri'4larei the Keprsentatives i f his ance.'at
a. ,st wer, on ihe p -sit n Piu'.ia il
a i, biit on. -naif of b's speL'. ww e ip i
j -.1. argument upon tre necessirr of hung
l..t-w.rne.l aira-nst fu'ure Jange a. Victcr E u
i.'.ut'l er j je-l a huhtranJ irer felicity w.n
1 1 tl ihMStnl rs a:.d llepatiet of Iial.
M-m' rl luetht-r .n ibf.r lo hall on the I aiza
.1 Vlonte t'noriy that l!.e wjrk to wh 2b ht' ruu
I Ihey had C(.nsacrtTea nt.r h,t h su eceiimpiih
i e-1, yet he cjul 1 tot hm re.iitmrier that ther.
were irrec ,i!C la'-le eueinl a ia BoiM llaeif, ac 1
i that .till ircre fana'ieal adherents .f the 11
Father were to te f -un I V i iai C36i; :itu-e
their g'iviTnmer.'e would lot take ap-tf.o-hiriit
lb. I aiim eeupaiioii uf Rome. It wotv-lt
cruelty citioarette f uuruiu aDttciiitii'na 'I
Tillers aiust entertain of the futu- with tt.e se
cure pr apenty of Waabmgton. Gi-neral Grant
rtiay lot k at mime and abroad.and find no ir-uutij
fur apprrhe&sion. Peace 18 Wl.hin the l-r (rrn
of the I nion Peace is without IV o an 1
l prosierily, acd a reconciliation f sl.i l,t
differences wbich diatued the riUttons of
the Republic. Sit jears have serrd to
extiognish tbe pasnoca uf civil discord, aai
there dues not exist in tbe States at this hour
anything more ssriotis than tbe con.tiru'iou.1
irir LiemHcrs of Cotigre.s, r--r.'ly callei on tbe I lruth caused bim to be regaru.i aa one of tlie
Hn J-.ri FI. Will.am., ne.lv aDwiinteJ trooeft P'Uars cf that denoaioation in this
eounirv. .-la a einxen ae was universally p
rsS octe lo Ite r cooglat- 1 teemed, while in social h'j hia invanab'e eonrt-
At'ornr3-'j. a?ri! 1
ulv.j' JaJj-c W.l.ans eiptx-,
sa 1
thaacs and
pt ihe po. ti n with JiE letice, and to
t e t-M it my ab'i irs shall dia.-ha ge tbe
dut vs aLd prnoiute tlie tru- inters.!, of Ihe
cjuntry, and rt8;ct credit upon iho present ad-r..in-air.;i,
ll the ah.lifei and ibe energies
1 p s-e- I shall devote :o enforce tbe laws aad
euprr-s uolence. Jisonl.r an I cn ae. When I
am pUoo i at the b?ad uf tbe depart cent of ju
tiue, so far as the jj-atiiot on i f that depart
ment may go, us man late, will W d-speneed
witbi u' l .r nr fivur a ,.l with equal rigor an 1
te.pe.i f..r all claasea and cuniiiioua of men. I
ln .it ii..' what ih-re may rv in the clamor row
i.ieab ulirSial dcliLoaeeiea in fl.r.1
esj,d Lis kind and gent.e ways, eadeared
him to ail who enjoyed his acquaintance
Iu the death of this uistingu'shed cler,rjmatt
the Methodist Church and the cjuntrj at large
as well sustains a great less.
Tuc IiLyem or thk PaiHcs or TTaixs. The
London correspondent of the N-w Yirk Po.
speaks i,f the latent les'ing of sttachaent to
the royal family developed by the sickness of tte
Prince of Wales The writer remarks that "the
Prince is not a gene'al favorite, hat in spite of
the recnt expressions r.f exaggerated in-iepen.
dence, vber than reai discnteal, there u
th e. hu s.i tar a. eXfK.ure ami prosecution of spirit of loralry pervadirg the Eagltsh nation
lepartment cf wctcrj is aroused on the sliitbtest erioas provo-
npieaaies devolve U n the
j.'.i.c in hd ciiS i .nuns w.il naie
wiicn !.d no pains ati. (k. .p.red to I nc tha
gu'li t.i spee-ly ani c a I sa p jt-'aaroeot. I
l,.Tj isgret thai tn a n.r po-i, of ine coun
Ir) apiril uf Uoln-neaa vrm- t.i prevail. I
w. 1 1 .wr eie-y .-.j-i.kleri' i ju i.r kmineas to in-doc-
ulmiience t. the law. Oat it uo otber mtns
wll a-isr, ih-n 1 am for u-inij the whole
I'uavr of tbe o untr lo .he ui t igor uj and
ell, z t.e insns-T tm.ru-a.ut .very cuuspiracy
aic.in.t t,ie peace of suciely ant the salely of
unonenfiDj eit l na I am aiaai-d thai any
conaultrabie i-uuaber of ptrs nsintae countrv
sbculd eojiage in acts cf violence and disorder,
for there is nolhm to be sained and a.u-h to be
'ost in Ihat way. L fe without eifety I.i pers in
and p.operty, and sjoiety without coot order
Khict nr .iuh.it, JIamreb. The writer
rivalry uf political parties. The Treaty of W ah- and peace arecomoaratively of little value hut
ington has pro.i-led for a friendly settlement ot it the passions uf batrei and reeeng. are al
ine lonK-etandtng depute with ourselves, and lowed t uvereime tltee oonnierali ins, then it
uiiumi uimii e.puaKia aupc pvroaps more uwdB ine plain auty or the gjverr.rar-ot to in-
ol uti uld bouic site. The whole was nlouirh-
cd and eown t oats. Where the pig-pen had
st.xid was a black growth balged Hat before
the gr,iiu was headed out. Tho chip-yard
showed a good growth except in a few small
spots, where the grain dwindled it was too
dry. The place occupied by the ash shapty
I nau nine upon it, nut arouna it ws a uark
j circle ol long thick grain nothing better.
iuc aoor-jara showed a good yield, about
like the garden and the potato patch, perhaps
a little stouter. Around the cellar was a
heavy yield, lodged somewhat the rest ot
the field bore an ordinary crop. I'crbaps
the best of all these was worthless. "Ac
should like to have seen corn upon it. Yc
have seen grass (orchard grass) and wecdi
grow around an old heap of spent ashes, and
the growth was interesting; such a profusion
ol grass blades, such length, measuring sever
al tcet, we havo never seen; it seemed almost
incredible. Urine applied iresh upon tbo
grasswill kill it; but ultcrwards it will make
up in growth. Where sewage has been ap
plied for many years, great weeds rose when
the application was suspended. A sunfljwer
planted: in the same spot was almost a tree,
and yet the land was a hard clay and gravel.
Tbe sunflower was incidentally planted
wheie the soil had been loo-cned in search
for angle worms. All these things tell, and
are useful lcsxms. The lesson is, save and
distribute the icrtilizers; all of them.
Country Gentleman.
MoM-HEVTCii liLAzra A young German,
named A. JJurkhardr, has conceived a happy
plan for commemorating the great fire at
Chicago in something o! a realistic way. His
design is to erect in ono of tbe public parks a
tower about 100 feet in height, which shall
bo SMtmountwl by a phoenix. The tower to
be built from fdundation stone to turret with
blocks of stone or brick taken from the prom
inent buildings destroyed by the fire. On
each of these blocks tbe name of tbe building
from the ruins of which it was taken is to bo
conspicuously engraved. That all these
names may be seen by the curious of futum
years, tho top if tho tower is reached by an
exterior winding stairway, so constructed
after the type of the Archimedian screw as to
roano it appear part or the proposed tower.
n.-oK rrTt.i rv. i i
1 j wijiu, u.E Wjiuum ma
W e are sorry to seo Euth a dogs exhibiting I the holidays, until January Sth. i
billliant hteraiy men as ever li.ed and it bain
tbe lecture in linked sweetness indefinitely drawn
out. Somebody savs that every other man one
meets in the street is a lecturer and every other
woman a poet or a political malcontent. It is a
city cf contradietluos telt-sufficient. yet ress-
less brilliant intellectually, heavy socially
fiee and broad as the rushing winds to the lim- I
i lets heaven narrow with tbe nirrownos of j
the Puritan .bo changes his opinion, while his
mental conaiituticn hecannot ehsnge.
easily tormej at Wash ngton than in our nearer
proximity to the CoLtiuenr that the example
thus set of reftrring to arbitration an n terna
tional ilio-rence m y be followed, so as lo restore
I toproiuuive n luatry nnllluns of men r-a ei-
I gag.u in training anu preparations tor wa-.
tertere mlh He strong arm in sub hip ,n,l r..
pres. these passions N one. in ihe Ivhtof re
crnl e.ent, m Nsw Y rk an) else. here, ean
take office ua and ecipe vigilant eject
.nc i.p it, ana ajinioc nji ajtive ani upright
devotion to doty will give general satisfaction.
Lastly, thj trade if the Culm is brosnero'ls I shall srruitirle to meet th. ,i-mJ- I
its revenue is abundant and suptrabundant, and well as lo meet lb.' exneoutions of rav fri.nl.
th. i i... t i. t J i
wuh how much success time aud eveuia will del
pit tore
Abolition or Sutikt is Cairit The
Brazilian Legislature his finally passed the law
for abolishing slavery in Brazil, at least so far
as all future generations are concernRl tbat is,
from this date all children born cf slaves become
free, and ss the present slaves are being grain
ally emancipated, it may be said that in a few
years slavery mil have disappeared from Brazil,
as noiselcsl;, and yet as eneetually, as it has
been already abolished in the P.iver Plate, Para
guay, and other Somh American republics It
was a statn upon liraril, the beet-orde'ed State
in South Ameriss, with a monarch who may be
fairly taken as a model for King., and statesmen
of advanced intellect and experience, that she
should be the last bulwark of slavery. Now,
happily, tbe crusade of publis opinion led by
Minister Parachcs, who at present directs the
destinies i.f Brazil, haa overcome all opposition
and proclaimed the grand and saving principle
that no slave cin be born on Brazilian terri
tory." The bill was pa-sod by the Senate Sep
tember 27th, almost unanimously, and Vis
count Rio Uranso has been saluted yith an
enthusiastic ovation as the lioerator of the col
ored race. But not .lyrtt Standard, Oct. 1.
Sx.v.roa Ntx's List Scece in a far West
ern State A village coopoed mostly of rule
mining huts called houses," cottages,'
taverns," etc., thcufh really they were but
shanties." An ol I man sick ou his bud. A
friend. Gov. J. W. Nye, seeing tha: his ead was
close at hand, ehotrt d bim many kind atientiocs,
sni endeavored to ease his suffering in every
po.sioie way. one uay. ween it was quite evi.
tbe President is able tofaugcet t tbat the taran may
he simplified and reduced and a large number of
internal taxes abohahed. still leaving a surplus
to be app'ied in reducing the debt cf thi nation.
Tbe Loo Ion TiUyrcph comments in this
manner
'.Vith this moral irgeneraticn of the country
we may distinctly connect the stern suppree-ton
f polygamy an-1 ils attendant human indiguitiea
at Utah tbe measuies premised against Ameri
can slaveholders iu foreign lasds and several
other welcome exemplifications of righteous pur
pose ia tbe Message of the transatlantic Pres
ident. At the heal of foreign politics General
Grant has justly written tbat hippy triumph
cf reason, the settlement of the Alabama dis-
aUe no .onai or pari uun elation and tn,t of Cb.rlts W Upham.
titer WI- twim tVit r.nn i-. V. t I K.
..vuv, iu lut nfguaE
which tbe Message here employe. It U
spoken of in the way in which it should
be ue a noble, natural and proper appeal to
equity inscid of arms, maJe by two great
peopks whose biatory is a rolSjieot guar
antee that, in thus referrim; these diif-ren:.?s to
arbitration, ihsy hai no need to fear any impeach
ment of their priJe and manhood. Toe sen
tences in which the President ps of this
great act of political and international Christi
anity have been already anticipated here, acd
will be endorsed bj the world. He says An
example ha thus been set wh.cn, if successful
ia si a uftur, may oe lonowel by other civiltzsd
nations, and possibly become the means of re
storing to productive inJustry million of men
now ecgajsed in military aud naval emp!oy
mente." In otber words. General Grant him
self a eoldier cf the higaeat reputation and a
shresid American looks forward to the time
when the beneficial cmtagion of this precedent
will aboliah larce standing armies and establish
a Code anda Court of International Law. Bjld
as this aspiration may sound, it is rendered
more rational by tbe tendency of tbe late events
in Europe. The German victories were the
cation. Thus, wh'le as late as 'ast weelc half
England was mael witb tne vio ent attacks of
Republican spf-akcrs, h-e is not a hom now in
wQTch the bullet ics on the Pric-'s health are
not eageily souebt for on the arrival of eery
rtewspater. Tne same l.elmjr hecacie appar
ent n short time 20 when t.e tjaeen was not
we I It seem that Lor! Lfn Jeborough, at
w' s eetate ia Scfarboroah fit Pnnce ia be
lieved to have eontracte 1 bis t'lceas, dispnUrs the
imputa".(m. and adduces the erdince of medical
men to prove that his residence has bea sept
entirety free from all primary causes cf typbcid
fever. Indeed, be had extraordinary prestations
ti?a. His residence is situated 1-jO fee above
tbe level of tbe tea, on a btope uf abojt forty-fire
de'ees; the water uel is vf the purest, the
drainage ani sewers are foun I, on special eiar
ina i iq, to be in perfect order, and me-ltcal men
report that tbe lor a ity has even been singu
larly free from lymo'ic lever; also that Lord
Lan-ftflho rough's children living there have never
suffered from toy such illoess. Sull it sees
remarkable that eimtlar attacks, dating from tbe
tame time, have simulUDouty visits! several
of the party recently assembled at L .ndeborongh
Lodge to meet tbe Prince, sir! oee of them. Lord
Chesterfield, h-ae tallen a victim to the illness.
KKLICXOrs ITKLM'.EXCE
The Geoeial Assembly s Committee estimated
th wants of the Bj arils i.t tbe Presb.terian
Church far tbe current year a. 120 166 b6 per
month. The receipts fjr the Boards for tha
past s i months art tuo-v thta 5350,000 le?a
tnan tbe eaumate.
Tha pastors -f tbe Gaihl churches in Harvard
Street iLd RuVg 6trett, aeonunueto to
incch eccourafed by ir. ree-d ritieodancecn the
preacniog of tbe VVutJ, &l1 by cases of ocdi-s;-nai
c. aversion.
Tbe new M. tl Cbutch o. Indianapcl's. the
hanJeoxest cbarco uf hat -ienotBtaaiton low in
the 4 est, was dedicated on the 10th in" tbe
dtsccu'se being deli Ten 1 bv I) Sims or. B ti-
rnre, Md., tbe o!d at r, ua ler whom the en-
tcrpr.se was eotcmenci
VIiis Sasan St, r ine, ot Bmwofield, M.has
bui't a pretty memorial chaici fur the Uaner-
salists in Hiram, Mc
Ttcmas's is tbe name of tbe largest acd
mcst fishtonable Et.i- pa! cnureh up t-wn in
Xew Vork. Its present en uo is anl bund ng
cos! c-arly one m t hjq ol u tr, and ar? worth
mere Tbe C0Dcrejrat' n ;i ti y wei.tby 1M
rector is tbe Rt. Dr M rg,ij, an earntot, afla
and ei queot preacb.-r.
Tbe first and ot,i Ger iiao FpiMpal Church
in the Uaited SiaUK. wis c unxrteii at Clevel
and. Oaio, on a recent Sun 'sj
Tbe new Episcopal B..j Central pvn
sylaania. Rev. l)r. Huwe. ia to be cjnsecractd
nest werk.
List weekThurslay. li; R BisbD Cone-T,
R)un Catkolit., c ueciatel ,n thecba tb ar-
Keawooi Convent, near Trjy. a superb white
marble -altar, his own prs ul Rift to the Con
vent '-hjreh, and et'maud o be worth in the
Deighborbooal of S-"
Bev. Dr Gaern--y, Co-sregttiocs. cf Da
buour, the well-in jwi rtui--riu''endent n II ime
MiMioEtS for No'therti I wi, .lied at h a b me on
Friday even me, the bib. tn?r., after a brief
illness.
Rev. William Ldvick. a veserab'e Baptist
m.bisierof Adamsvil'e Ohio, died sudJtrialy on
Thanksgiving day. lie was La htsetghty-secisJ
year
On Monday evenioc a very impressive specta
cle was witnessed st x. Jcieph's church, (Roman
Catboiio.) in James Street, Sew Y -k, cf wmen
the Rev Father Farrelly is pastor Tue occaawn
waa tbeclo-iog of the misaiou which baa teen
held ijunoft the past four weeks und-r tr-e di
rect i d of Farter G-oes. More than 7,t0 men
crowjrd into the church, literally 'pai.king"
theeoilice. So women were admitted. thicgh
many gathered on the stdewa.k out
side, aod watted there patiently during the
services. The sjur was elaborately U. c r
ateX After the preliatnary services. Father
Grvs made an eJcquent appeal to his hearers to
renounce the devil and his worse, after which
he cal.ed upon the congregation to hold up t&etr
canJles that he might bless them Then there
was a surging of the rut mass, a shuSLag of
paper wrappings, and 7,100 white candies stood
reheaed against the ea cf beads. ALOtbr or
der was given, and ia an ies'a&t toe 7.0"l can
ales were all hgb ed, the effect beiotr wonder
ful. After reciriaing astentoma pidt;eot holy
living trom the coogrenioo. Father UiOm com
manded the caodi'Sto be exttaguuned, which
was done with a hie wo idtrfu. tfect Sborty
after tbts, the impreiae firaice was cuclude i
The fiftieih anntrenarv of the rectcirahip f
tbe R-t J. U ViiniCt-,.1. 1). D was ceiebrared
in TriLity church, Por-iniou;h, Va.,on VVi?Jns
day tncrnios:, the 2J.h of Njvember. P.easant
memories of the pat nty years were ie a ted.
and th- aged reco- gave a href account of bis
stewardship, so far as m-e figures cou d d tt
Friends andbre:bren 9tuertd with ti'iu ar and
th- tatde of their Ljrd acd t'-ea he went home
to die. After an iilneifl t or a day.be dt
Prtcd this life on Tuesday corotnj, liecemher
":b. aged teveotj-'i ar year, having tentd his
L d iu the mm -r, ot re ooi. attou ma-r .uan
fi'tv T?art, of b bit oven pd
in I -iaitv
C'huri ibhih
uent mat tne poor patient coald lot only a few death-blow of the military sysrem rf the N
hours, the Oerner said to him Daais. it i poieons though wenee-1 net forget that tbeiJea
is undoubtedly beet tbat you shcull know the j now echoed by Ptesident Oract, and partially
truth; yen are a very sick nan and wilt in all i adopted iu tbe Washington Treaty, was first
probability lue but a short time. Are vcur xt. i .rnn.,!n.-i .;,i, -..-.i r iv-. ti,w,i
fairs is the ccndition you would like to have i Napoleon. Itis whole nation wbisb must fiht
them T I should ba glai to do any thing for you, future campaigns, tf ihey fight at all and na
yoa know tions, unl ke hireling" in uniform and the.r lead
k es; they re all nht." j er9, think twice btfore they zo to war when
well, would you like me to write to any cf 1 arbitration has been nrortd seffisient and mu-
your i.iKsr tailIj honorable eTtn m Bucil fc a
.o, not now alter it s over."
TjvKo'a CdsORGssiisL ('oca's Much has
besD fail, nf late, in the nepspers about the
past life of Boss Tweed" of tbe New lork
ring But I do not remember to have seen any
allusions to hia brief eongretkinal career. Ho
was elecrel to the SSd Congresc, which met in
December, 185?. from the fifth eosgrePiocal
distnut of New Vork, Mike Walsh representing
the third. He was then about SO years of see,
not so corpulent a he is nir, and gentlemanly
ia appearance. He bo ard el a tVi.Urd's bote,
with Senator Cars and others of the more re
spectable democrats, anl oosupiel a st in the
House at the left of speaker Hoyd, just behind
lie was a zeabut
pHrtifiipator in tbe parliamentary skirmuhes on
the lvnsss-.ebrask question, and made bis
only sreech on tbat hill on tbe 10th of May,
lbol.
M'. Tweed was the las! nvnel on the Uoase
committee on invalid ptmioos, of which .Mr
FIrniricks of Indiana was chairman, and Mr. J.
Wiley Edmunds was a member. He regularly
attended tbe meetings of the committee and oc
caiona!ly was authorize! to report back a reso
lution, with a recommendation that the com
mittee be discharged from its further consid
eration. Before he left Washington Mr Tweed
was accused with having obtained, through some
arrangement, the contract for tbe summer furni
ture for the House hall for some relative of his
in New York, and he also endeavored to tret for
soother friend a contract fr book-bind io;; But
he was then a notice in the art of parliamentary
plundering, and did not become proficient until
be had served it Albany, the school in which the
greatest congressional thieies hare gra Justed,
Lttltr to Boston Journal.
Beliktisq sor Sceisg. Tbe Grand Duke
.Iexts bae an open account to settle with many
oi tne cmzns ot tots goodly vtuaze. lie passed
by tbe Montpelier Junction in a lightaing train
of palace cars Thuriiay afternoon. contem
porary, noted for never playing a jjke or getting
ahead of the news, bad informed our citizens
that the engineer of the Duke's train would, if a
crod werepresnt at the Junction, find it ne-
Orssary to oil his engine, and perbapa wtt his
whittle then and there Consequently some three
hundrel persons went down nn tbe ears, rode
down in sleighs, and walked down all intent oa
interviewing a live Duke. But, alas, for human
hopes, tbe train bearing his Dnkeahip rushed by
with lizhtnim; speed, aod the expectant crowd
return el crest-fallen, and with a pretty fair
realization that they btl been sold." Inter
viewing Gran I Dukes has not been popular in
Montpelier vines this failure. Freeman.
Ku "erkm-, wt New Turk
t"o7im rem, 14 u'i I lOruan ia butnehasnt
thedJUuul y ve-y bl r -h a ex'rac: from one
of bis articles is :i.y cr. ri u-. gj by
Well, w ve had "ir nil 1
We Interna tiont Is rTr .t-r th tumy and
we are theirs. Taeghx-yof breaking the Sb
bath ts on our beads!
This tiwrtdng I met Mr. ds Shingle, the tailor,
again.
Uooteo morngen, Heren Perkins, he sa: J.
As Istsrhtisq Old Ladt. Mr. Mary
McLaughlin lives cn Green street, Rutland.
She is a smart oi l lady, niaety four years of age.
Notwithstanding ber extreme old age, she does
all, or nearly all, of ber homework can knit
and tew, threais the fioest needle without tbe
aid of glasses, anl can dance with all the etse
and fire of a ycung Irish lats. If we may judge
from tbe exhibition ofherpowtre, as reported
tons, at the recent wedding of one oik.tr
grandobildrtn. She a!o constantly attends
churcb, walking in fair weather tbe entire dis-
a quarrel as tbat tance from her bouse to the church.
1 abcut the Alabama. Tbe Presiient speaks with 1 Her maiden i
i cams wis Mary Bourks. being of
Tue Peisce or Wales Badlt Uro in
my judgment, the Prince cf Wales is badly used.
He is urged, by political counselors of all par
ties, to abstain from polities he is not by con
viction what is called a pietist, nor by taate a
connaiiseur in those arts which his father en
couraged. What sphere is left open td him T
Hecannot preside at a conservative or a libera
banquet be would be hypocrite if he moved
a resolution for the conversion cf tbe Jews, at
Exeter irall hecannot, with propriety, deliver
a speech in the Hjuss of Lords hs Is enable to
dicus scientific novelties at the society of arts.
Of what remains to him he seems tj me to
make a respectable use. He goes to the theater;
be is a Freemason, and aids the brethren by his
influence and his purte like some hundreds cf
thousand of otber folk, hi Tints great national
races he is sufficiently foolish to iai a members
of both legislatures in shooting pigeons, as a
trial of skill; he smokes cigars; be is fonder of
tailing to a pretty acd pleasant woman, than
to an u oat tractive and aisagreeaDle one. Xhe
rest is all lying rumcr and ecaodal,I have con
stantly beard ouragous stories as to bis vices; 1
but in every case, there were circam3tai.ee
which proved the falsity of tbe narra'ive. He j
does not posses any qualities which win far him,
as ty msgle, the love of all who are near; but j
be Is frank and unaffected, and. as th? world j
goes, Is fairly intelligent. I have shaken hands
witb him, aod though I am ihirouglily rtpubli- I
seizing my band.
Then we walked along and drnpj.VJ in to see
my 'friend the ahoem-eer My sboemker
friend's name is Patrick 0FIannigaa ie la an
Dalian. Hs fought for tbe ceaamuce under
GaribaUL Mr O'Flan&Tgan wore a coat wuh
a ho'e io it, and a red flag co the collar.
What isthesidfus or liberty, anl have yu
mended my shoe. Mr. 0Finoiat.r I ked.
as I entered tbe abode of the International.
It is well, he replttd, nervously mou'Jinsr
s piece cf shoemaker's wx between bis tbumO
aad fore fiecer. Yes, it is well. We have
done it. We have broken tbe Sabbath, and
struck Wow at deupctura never to be forgot
ten.
You don't tell me so, Mr O'FIannitran I
exclaimed, nervously. You dout telt me
that despoiu a and tyranny are used up. and
that tbey are never tu trouble uaain
i uo, be rpl;ei 1 solemnly do.
Who marched, Mr. O'rlannigan to whom
belongs the glory I"
Same of America's fairest and bravest sons
and daughters, sir men of great character and
purity, like Colonel Ryan; and fair and ehaste
women, like Miss Clafl.n
"Dal Ryan and Tennis march
Nothing surer. Mr Perkins."
Then be kind enough, Mr. O'FIannizao, to
hand me my mended shoes. I must go away aud
reflect." I said pensive'y.
And I strode toward home, thinking tbat if
liberty could walk: with such support as these
the ought to be ab'e to get along alone.
A serious acciient occurred on the Cincinnati
and Iniisnpi!is Junction railroad FriJay, by
which three men were killed and come twenty cr
morerydly injured A mail and pawecger train
was thrown from the track by a broken rati near
Morristown, Ind. After leaving the track the
locomotive aod cars ran some distance until they
reached abridge, where a eollison enutJ. and
the train was smashed up on either sld of the
structure, almost a hopeless wrtcV The en
can. I do not think 1c snobhub in opinion to say gineer. James Ilamilron. the conductor. Mr.
be left an impression on my mind tbat he was of Flenner, and a section foreman, met their death
a better disposition than niae out of tea of bis almost Instantly, and it Is a wonder that more
critics. Letter to .Chicago Tribune. I lives were cot aaciidceJ.
a
is
fV
1,