"iiSLLVGIOX. FRIDAY. KoVS. 1871,
G. 0. BENEDICT. Eoitor-
TO OUR. SUIJSCIllUKItS.
E'rcuiiuin Given lo
F.vcry One.
To every t-ibecrlber for theWxtlLT Free
riiE't, paying fa 09 for J'" advance, we will
present a copy cf Stuart's lar-re, ud beautiful Steel
Line Ecjr.TllS. entitled
'.A.n A-rm-FTill-"
The re-ralar prie of this beautiful pittas Is two
dollan, ui It r-anaot be obtained or tho -Mint
tellers for any lerf rum. We tLUJ give
rovn HOLLAUS iVOKTU rot TWO.
The EasriTin; U an treeedinjly pretty one, exe
cute 1 In the best it le of tke art, from the pencil cf
thesimoart'et who drew tie well known picture
"From Shore to Shore," aad thou, In an entirely
different stj le, il no less p'.caainE. and desirable than
that Itlspiistedonheavy plate pafcr,neairinj
31 z 21 inched
That alt our wbeerier may bave opportunity
to get this beautiful enparins FIlrlE, we will
Eire a copy to any ewi Ids
tubsMirtion tor a ear before January Itt, tod
sends ni .e ...cr..r,-tlut la for onerff(
and one with we will fatnlah two
copies of th if" ruMJicr a year and two pic
tures, or
i:ikiit ui.i.m:, woiitii i'iiii I'ocit
A better oner to eahacribers was never taiao and
e.rolndd tomtioitojllyly tho exfMtatlon
of thereby largo taestasitig ear iBbMrlptien lilt.
Order tie
ll'eeMy Free Press
a j ear, awl set a beaarlful Ettol Ensrartot FREE.
SabtsnpOon pries Taw Dolla-s in advanci.
Address
THE FP.BE PRESS ASSOCIATION,
Burlington. vt.
Note. If the ei-gravit-a: 1 ordered to be tent by
mail, It will be nereaaair to remit tkrtt H4
Jiluxi' for pott vge-. the pietorowilltbea be aent by
mail prepaid, earetally put up on a roller. Copies
oia I taken at oar oBee jrte tfrmimoe.
Tammany Affairs
After Controller Connolly's cfSce at New York
was robbed the latter fntlemsn's jitiU
went to work under deputy Controller
Green to ideaiify the mining vouchers.
They ba.e been only partially successful,
jet their abet rut completely fills four
pases of the New York .Timet. Ingertoll Co.
figures in the list for oearly 52,000.000; Geo
a Miller for over il.400.000 Andiew J.
Gamy for nearly 52,676,000 C. D. Dollar ii
Co. for about S962.000 A. 0, Miller for
S4:S9,000,and eo on. The late Aulitor Watson's
name appears frequently and in queer connec
tion!. Thu Prof. R. Ogdtn Doreoui gets S2,
300 for two chemical analyses, and R. B.
Connolly divides S2.100 with two other genUe
ra;n for eirenses at Albany in relation to the
tax-levy cf 1S69." Many or the missing
vouchers undoubtelly repre.-cntel honest claims
against the treaaury. Meters. Haggerty and
Biulch were in too much of a hurry to pick and
choose. They knew where the papers they were
after cie kept, and, to make secure, they had
to take all Touchers they found there, number
ing in all 8053. It remains to be seen whether
the burglary turns out the paying operation
that it was intended to be by those who planned
it
The Times says "Oar readers rememWr tie
fraudulent warrants which we published some
time ago. Many of them, it has since been as
csrtainel, were forged. The persons in whote
name they were drawn never received a cent of
the money. Who did receive it On the very
day it was drawn a large part of it sons paid by
Tu-eed into hit own private account. E. A.
Woodward rectittti eo much, and pail out so
much by check to Tweed. That check was then
deposited by Tweed for his own use anl bene6t.
In this way, Tweed raked in about a mil
lioa between May and September of last year
alone."
The Tribune has been looking up the effieial
record of real estate transaction" in New York
city, which thows that Connolly, Tweed, and
Sweeny alcne bought real estate to the amount
of S 1 0,000,000 from 16CS to 1ST 1. Controller
Connelly, when sued in 1666 for deM. swore that
he owned nothing, but since that time be has
bought i eal estate and bonds to the amount of
S2,300,CM1.
Wm. M. Tweed, bankrupt in 18C1, has bought
and sold real estate, houses, horses, &s., since
IMS, to the amount of S 1.474,951, and had
other transactions to the amount of 52,000,000
more.
Peter B. Sweeny's purchases amounted, in
three years, to SI, 473,730, and Mayor Hall's
to SICO.000 while Auditor Watson's, largely
on shares with the Connollys, reached S277,
777 in two years. The transactions of the three
principal Ring men have thus amounted, in lees
thin four years, to SIO.775,051.
To the surprise cf all but the initiated, Po
lijc Justice Ledwith received the nomination for
Justice of the Supreme Court from the Tammany
County Convention. Ledwith has been for years
a fuC of Tammany, and was an anti-Tammany
candidate for Mayor, against HalL This cap
ture by the Boss' will help the Tammany ticket
at the coming tlection. Ledwith is a member
of the Citizen's Committee cf Seventy, and it
remains to be seen what action that body will
take in view of hia nomination by Tam
many. The Post Office Department
Pottmaster General Crrswell in his adlress at
the layirg of the corner stone of the Boston
Post Office, enticipstcd Lis next annual report,
and gave a valuable review of the present condi
tionof the tost rfSce department of the United
States. The business done by the department
illustrates not enly our rspid growth in numbers,
but our greater growth in the use of the instru
mentalit'es cf communication. No less than
010,000,000 cf letters were passed through the
mails last j ear, and the other mail matter car
ried by the department was, at least, ten limes
as great in weight and bulk. The service of the
post-office employs a larger number of men than
the whole United States army. There are 3.11
in the general department at Washington, there
are 30,045 postmasters through the country.
72S0. contractors, 3430 clerks, 1411 letter car
riers, 1300 route agents and postal clerks, all cf
whom, vith other special and local agents, make
up a graud t 'lalof 48,051 persons engaged in
the post cfQce service cf the country. In the
three years lince 1EG8, there has been an in
crease of 3504 post offices, in the number of
miles over which mails were carried from
224,325 to 107,572,701, of the cost of trans
porting the mails fromS10,2C0,05Gto$ll.f29,
305, of the icvenue of the department from
S1C.292.C00 to $20,037,015, and of expen
ditures from 22,730,592 to 21,390,10), while
the balance of expenditures over receipts has de
creased in the same time from $0,437,991 to
S 1,353,058. Thus in these thtee years, the in
crease of post-cCas is 13 per cent, of receipts
23eront. of izpecdituie for transportion 28
per cent, and of total ezptndituree only 7 3-10
p;rctnt.
The money order business has grown immense
ly in llese sane three years, cr from a total cf
S10,197,?5S in 1688, to S42.10I.118 in 1871.
This system of transferring ncney from indi
vilualto individual through the use of post-office
drafts, is uow extended to Europe, and the de
partment has already arrangements with Swit
zerland. Germany, and Great Britain for the
purpese. The reduction of the postage between
America and Kurcpe is slso one of the marked
features t,f the tecent administration of the de
partment. Within three years, the letter rate
between Great Britain and the United States has
been reduce 1 from 24 to G cents, and between
the United States and Germany, from 15 to 0
cents, cr, if sent through England, to 7 cents.
Mr. Creswell well says in this connection In
making these new arrangements, the postal de
partments concerned are not responding merely
to the demands of business they are equally
providing for the scientific, literary, social and
religious brotherhood cf nations." The post
office department must continue to meet alike
the Instcate of our population and the multipli
cation of its demands. It must welcome the
new instruments cf civilization and add to the
use of steam every other means of facilitating
the intercourse, not only of the citizens of the
nation, but the people of the world. Mr. Cres
well gives it as Lis opinion that the addition of
the telegraph to the postal system is bet a ques
tion of finance and management. He regards
thj experiences tf foreign nations as settling the
main issue fcr.n, and looks forward to the not
distant day when the government will take
charge cf the telegrspb service cf the country
as it docs of the transmission of intelligence by
mail Mr. Creswell, in general, presented the
intereating and encouraging facts of hi. brsnch
of the government with impressive clearness
while he offered suggestions for the kfutnre with
modest firmness and intelligent foiccist,
"NewConnecticnt."
In a recent paragraph on the character of
Vermont as an anti-slavery community from its
Erst organization as a State, we quoted from the
Declaration cf Independence of the New Hamp
shire Grants, as printed in Blade's State papers,
the early title of our State, as New Con
necticut, alias Vermont." But it seemi to be
made clear that such was ncf the first title cf
the State but that it was simply Sew Con
necticut" This is shown by Hon. Ililand Hall
in the forthcoming volume. No. It., of the Col
lections of the Vermont Historical Society. Got.
Hall quotes from votes of the convention which
adopted the Declaration of Independence, and
from the Dcclsration as prepared for the press in
pursuance of a vote of the convention and
published in the Connecticut Courunf of March
17, 1777, which show conclusively that the
name first adopteJ was simply "New Con
necticut." The convention in June, 1777, by
formal resolution changed the name of the State
from New Connecticut to Vermont, for a reason
stated, viz that ibis Convention have been
informed thzt a district of land lying in the
Susquehanna river, has been heretofore and is
now known by the name of New Connecticut,
which was unknown to them until sometime
since the declaration at Westminster aforesaid."
and that it would be inconvenient in many
respects for two separate districts on this con
tinent to have the same name."
Governor Hall aoeounts for the appearance cf
the words cias Vermont in the Declaration
as given by Slade, on the supposition that after
the name of the State bad been changed to Ver
mont, the words "alias Vermont" were added by
wsy of explanation, and without expectation
that the added words would bo treated, as they
have been for so many J ears, as part if the
original record.
The formal adopticn.oertainly.of such aclumsy
double or alternative name as "New Connec
ticut alias Vermont," for the new State they
were organizing, coold be explained only on the
ground of a very crule taste in such matters, cn
the part of the convention. We are glal that
it is no longer necessary to question to that ex
tent the taste of men who in other matters
ehosed good literary ability. We arc glaJ, too,
that a New Connecticut was not permanently
ailed to the other News New Vork, New Eng
land, New Hampshire. We like Vermont much
better as a name for our Mountain Stale. And
we are glal that as it has been shown to every
body' satisfaction that the toil of Vermont was
slwajs free, eo it is also plain that our little
Commonwealth did not set up for herself under
an alta.
Stokes-
Things look rather black for ex-Congressman
Stokes of Tennessee. His reputation has always
been that of a sol Tier of fortune. He is a native
of North Carolina, as are many of the Tennessee
politicians, is about 57 years of age. a fluent ora
tor and a man of conUerable ability. He haa
been three times elected to Congress once be
fore the rebellion. He was a Union man dur
ing the latter part of the war, though some of
his arts in the early days of the rebellion were
of a suspicious character. It was oharged
against him, and probably with truth, that in
the early dajs cf the war he offered his servi
ces to the rebellion, and that his latent loyalty
appeared only after the confederate authorities
dWied his rrouest for a command. He subse
quently obtained command of a loyal Tennessee
regiment. Since leaving Congress he has held
a government effise in the internal revenue ser
vice. He is now charged with defrauding the
government of SGS.O00, by a bounty swindle.
While in Congress he got a bill through both
houses for the payment of a company of loyal
Tennesseeans, unler which, and aa alleged by
means of false muster rolls, he obtained the sums
in question. He is under arrest and has given
half a dozen different versions of his connection
with the business, so that nothing but the offi
cial investigation will show the whole truth of
the matter. His latest reason why he should
not be proceeded sgainst is however, that of a
scoundrel, viz., that he should not be prosecuted,
in consideration of his services to the Republican
party in the South. The Department of Ju'tioe
will hardly stay its hands upon such a plea as
this. He almits that he accepted 10,000 as a
gift for services rendered, and if so he violated
a law of Congress and cannot escape punishment
under it The President did his duty by prompt
ly dismissing Stokes from office the moment the
accusations of malfeasance assumed definite
shape, and no doubt the Courts will dispose cf
the test of the cite with impartiality and strict
justice
Reform or Revolution,"
At an immense Republican mass meeting at
Cooper Institute, in New York on Thursday
evening, Hon. Wm. M. Evarts, made a ringing
speech, in which Le declared with repeated em
phasis that the robberies of Tweed Co. were
more infamous than ever were committed under
any despotic government in the world. Mr.
Evarts has just returned from Europe, and he
male a strong point when he spoke of the intense
interest with which Europeans, both monarch
ists and republicans, are watching to see if re
publican government has really proved a failure
in the great metropolis of our Union. He said
I know that all through Europe there is in
tenser solicitude on the part of the common peo
ple of that whole continent that this defilement,
this polluticu.this infamy shall be shown to have
been from the negligence of the American people,
and that when discovered it can no longer be
maintained. If you could only know with what
interest friends, perhaps honest friends, at any
rate the interested friends of despotic govern
ment, look at the same problem which is now
proceeding before their eyes, claiming and hop
ing that their theory of government, that the
strong arm is necessary and that freedom is illu
sion, will find proof in the result of your action,
you would see then how both parties of the Con
tinent of Burope lu opinion are dwelling upon
this election to determine whether or no your
country my country is the hope of freedom,
or is the danger to liberty that they must avoid.
In another part of his speech, Mr. L'varts
asked with strong significance, if, in case they
were still robbed of their liberty by miscount of
votes, they were ready for a true count of
bayonets"; and a round of arplause gave him
an adrmative answer. When as conservative a
minasWra. M Evarts talks of revolution, and
of meeting with the bayonet the frauds which
make voting a farco in New York, it is a pretty
strong indication that with the honest masses of
that city submistion Las ccaaed to be a virtne.
Judge Pierrepoint, who was also a speaker at
the meeting, declared with equal emphasis that
the people of New York must choose between
reform and revolution." He said
The utter annihilation of all power in the
people to express their will through the ballot
box; the discovery that by fraudulent count of
votes which were never cast, the very foundations
of free government are destroyed; the rule of an
oligarchy, more corrupt, more vile, more des
potic than was never known all these, on the
near eve of a great national election, presage an
approaching future unparalleled in our history
and as the future unfolds to our vision, the same
peculiar, self-poised, trusted, silent man who led
our armies through the Wilderness will be need
el. If this State cannot be carried by the Re
publicans this Fall, then it is idle to hope for
any radicil reform.
And without refoim, mnst come revolution.
The fishing schooner E. A. norton, owned by
cne of Gen. Butlers constituents, of Gloucester,
Mass., was seizsd by the Dominion ofifcers for
violation of the fishery laws of the Dominion.
She was taken to Guysboro, Nova Scotia, tied
op at a wharf, dismantled of her rails, and
held to answer for the alleged wrong doing of
her crew. When the owner, Capt Kuowlton,
leamel that -his vessel had been seized, he
quietly left Gloucester and went to Guysboro
with the determination to get her back if possi
ble. Under ths guise of a quartz mine prospec
tor, he established his headquarters at a pri
vate house about six miles from Guysboro, and
spent his days in examining specimens of quartz
which were brought to him, and his nights in
spying out the lanl. When he had completed
his plans, and had obtained soundings of the
rivers, he went to Little Causo, six miles from
Guysboro, where was an American vessel, and
obtained six seamen willing to help him, and
after a circuitous journey smuggled them into
Guysboro. Three nights later, he went with
his men to the wharf, broke open a storehouse
and took the norton's sails, seized the ship and
THE BURLINGTON, VT., FKEE
nni in sea. After a very rough pszsage. the
crew having all they could do to keep themselves
from being washed overboard, while the vessel
was steered wholly by dead reckoning, since
they had no instruments except a compass, the
schooner arrived at Gloucester, whose citizens
rave him a rublic and very enthusiastic recep
tion at the ton n hall, and a purss ofSl.000 to
defray tome of the expenses he had wcurrea.
Bat the cheering and material aid of Lis towns
men did not make a legal transaction of the
affair. There has been some attempt to make
out that as the Canalian officials had placed no
keeper on board the schooner, anybody conld
seize her with impunity. But it seems to be
clear that this view of the case will not hold
water. The Treasury Department has had the
matter under advitement, and it may turn out
to be a serious matter for Captain Knowlton.
At first it teemed likely that the vessel would be
returned to the Dominion authorities on a de
mand from the British government, unless that
result was prevented by a convenient hole in her
bottom. Eat the also violated the United States
registration regulations by coming into port
without any tailing papers. A Washirgton dis
patch says it wis at first Secretary Boutwell's
intention to suspend all proceedings for fines and
forfeitures on that account, but the fact that the
schooner's papers had been lost under extrt
ordmary circumstances, which might involve
the nation in unpleasant complications, induced
a different policy, and the cae was referred to
the Solicitor of the Treasury to decide in regard
to the duty of the Collector of the Port at
Gloucester to take immediate Bteps for the en
forcement of the penalty which attaches to a ves
sel coming into port without her pspers. Cap
tain Knowlton's action, not only in running his
vessel cut of the custody of the Canadian
Courts, but in breaking into an English Custom
House to repossess himself of his sails and spars,
thus, perhsps, making himself liable to extra
dition for burglary, are regarded in the Trea
sury Department as the worst features of the
case, and there is no doubt that Iegil steps will
at once be taken to enforce the penalty. But a
number of conflicting questions present them
selves for the consideration of the Solicitor. It
is not a safe proceeding to forfeit and sell the
vessel, because she is a prize violently taken out
of the jurisdiction of a Canadian Court
Other knotty points are involved, and what the
upthotof all will be, remains to be seen.
TLc affidavit of Hon. Samuel J. Tilden. on
which the arrest of Tweed was ordered, shows
that of S0.312.C11.37 of claims passed by the
Special Board of Audit. SC.005.309 17 were
fraudulent Of the tradesmen in whose names
the'warrants were drawn, only two directly re
ceived their proceeds. These were Ingersolland
Garvey. and they merely acted as agents to the
chief distributor of the plunder. E. A. Wood
ward. To-thirds of the entire amount drawn
by Ingersoll and Oarvey from the County Trea
sury for work which was never done, is directly
traced. a having been transferred by the simple
process of depositing one check and drawing out
another, into the hand of Woodward. Wood
ward first deposited the plunder on his own ac
count, then drew checks representing Tweed's
tbare. and passed over the checks to be adJed
to the bank account of Tweed. In this way, the
sum of 5932,858.50 of stolen money is traced
directly into the possession of Tweed. There is
also a disclosure of tlrt net amount of Tweed's
shsre of the public funda filched in the name cf
the New York Printing Company, the Trua
senpt Auoeiation, and the Manufacturing Sta
tioned Company. Out of 381.395.19 drawn
on June 7, 1S70. by C. E. Wilbour, on account
of these swinlling concerns, Tweed received on
JuneS. the sum of S104.383 5I. bringing the
total amount of plunder which he received from
the transactions of the Special Board of Audit
up to SI ,037,192.11.
As the net result of four months' stealings
from one particular source this is suflkiently
striking.
Roeenweig, the miserable abortionist who
murdered Alice Bowlsby, was found guilty, on
Saturday, of manslaughter in tha second de
gree, but recommended to mercy by the jury.
Recorder Hackett. however, sentenced him to the
full penalty of the law seven years hard labor
at Sing Siug. The sentence is unanimously en
dorsed by the New York pspers, and the only re
gret teems to be that his punishment could not
be made harder, even to the extent of taking
him cut of the world altogether. B'sides the
murder of Sliss Bowlsby. for which Le was tried
and convicted, Kozenweig was impliedly guilty
of crimes antecedent to and consequent upon
that infanticide which caused Miss Bowlsby's
dealh. The suicide of ConUing, who was the
author of her rain, is attributable to Rozenweig.
and the only wonder is that the ttatutts of New
York are to loosely framed as to prevent the im
position of a penalty more neirly commensurate
with the magnitude cf the offence.
A dispatch to the Boston Pat says
He bore the ordeal of his trial like the hardened
villain wLote type Le seems proud to represent.
Judge Garvin's keenest arrows of denunciation
glanced harmlessly from his side, and he smiled
complacently when the sentence was imposed.
Some of the pspers say that Rosenzweig bitterly
repents the commission of the crime for which
he wss convicicJ, but if I may believe the tes
timony of one who was with him for a while
after his return from the court-room there is
not a spark of moral courage in his composi
tion. My informant queried, "How shall you
spend your time in Sing Sing. Rosenzweig?"
and the reply was worded smilingly, I don t
know that I shall have to tpead much time
there anyway. When the public mind gets
pacified in a measure and this thing is for
gotten, I don't know bat that I may resume
the practice of my profession in some other city.
We'll wait anl sec." This seems to be evidence
that Rosenzweig expects a pardon from some
source or other, although there is no substantial
ground for a presumpiiou that he will ever re
ceive it The utmost sympathy is felt for the
wife and daughter of the criminal, notwith
standing the fact that they are said to have been
accomplices in the crime. They were greitly
excited when the prisoner was taken out of the
dock. The daughter, l'oss, a girl about four
teen years or age, with a series oi nyeiericai
shrieks, knelt on the matted floor of the prison
k ri .t,;i.-.i nnt Oh.mav Qir Godcurse
every one who went against you, father may
their flesh rot from their bones may their lives
wither up may they die rotten. Oh, father, if
I die for it I'll have all their lives and then
she clasped her arms around Roseazweig's neck,
and clung to him couvuleirely but even at this,
the most trying scene cf all, Rosenzweig did not
thed a tear on the contrary, he locked his lips
cloely together and seemed the most uncon
cerned of any of the spectator.
Tus Heeo or Fobt Sumter. Gen. Robert
Anderson, the hero of Fort Sumter, whose
death is announced at Nice, France, was born in
Kentucky in 1S0G, gradnatel at West Point in
1825, and soon after jined the artillery. He
was inspector of the Illinois volunteers during
the Black Hawk war, and in 1835 went back to
West Point as assistant instructor and inspector
of the acalemy. remaining in that position two
years. During the Indian war in Florida he
was aide-lc-cimp to General Scott. In the
Mexican war he particularly distinguished
himself at the battle of El Molino del Rey, anl
was rewarded by promotion to the rank of
major. When Fort Sumter was built Major
Anderson was given its command and of all the
works around Charleston, S. C. Anticipating
hostilities on the spread cf the secession move
ment, he concentrated his forces within Fort
Sumter. On that well remembered day, April
2, 1861, the war of the rebellion was
begun by a bombardment on bis
stronghold, which was continued for
two days, after which he capitulated. The
story is not yet forgotten. He was made a
brigadier-general on the 15th of the following
month. Subsequently be was in command of
the department of Kentucky and of the depart
ment of the Cumberland and on the 27th of
October, 1803, retired from active service from
disability resulting from long and faithful ser
vice and wounds and disease contracted in the
line of duty. Not long after he went to France
for his health, and has since resided therewith
his family. His remains will be brought home
by a United States Tessel.
Gen. Robert Anderson, was, perhaps, not a
great soldier, but his plsce in the history of this
country is a prominent and most honorable one.
It is recorded and will be remembered to his honor
that, a Southern man, he was true to the flag
when many proved traitors, and that Le met the
first great emergency of the late war with
courage and fortitude. It is glory enough for
one man, to have been the author of his report
of the fall of Fort Sumter the firtt report of an
engagement by a commanding efficer, in the
war for the Union. How it thrilled the country
when it carce
SruHsnir Baltic, orr Sasnr IIocc,
April 13, 1861. J
To Hon. S. Cameron. Secretary of War;
Sis, Hieing defended Fort Sumter for 84
Lours, nctil the quarters wen entirely burned,
the main gates destroyed, the gorge wall seriously
injured, the magazine tnrrouuueu uj n....,
its door closed from the effects of the heat, four
barrels and three cartridges of powder only be.ng
available, and no provisions but pork remain
ing, I accepted terms of evacuation offered by
Gen. Beauregard, (being the same offered by
him on the 11th inst, pnor to the commence
ment of hostilities), and marched ontcf the fort
on Sunday afternoon, the 11th inst. with colors
flying and drums beating, bringing away com
pany and private property, an4 saluting my flsg
with fifty guns. Kcekit AJtDsxsox,
Major First Artillery.
President Grant has made extremely julicious
appointments under the Washington Treaty.
The choice of so eminent a statcman as Charles
r,.-n, x.Urr.n a arbitrator, met with the uni-
vcrssl approval of tha people, without distinc
tion of party. He has likewise sought fir coun
sel tke best legal talent in the country without
regard to political antecedents, and his tsken
also men espec'ally distinguished for their con
servatism. What sn array of strong and clear
headed men will be found at Geneva on the Amc
can siJe of the conference Caleb Cothtng. Wil
liam M. Erarts and Benjamin R. Curtis (two
ex-Attorney-Generals and an ex Judge of the
Supreme Court) will be quite likely to mitch the
ablest legal sbUity that England can produce.
Our claims will be veil care! for in their
hands
A Rixic of tue Cmcaoo Fine President
Beckham, cf the University, received Saturday
the following note
LiwPtricz oi- Taavar,M.'Ci.iLi.i34TiEr,i
an Wabasu Ave., Ciicaco, Oc-.. 23d. 1371. 5
To tke rretiJenloftht University of Vermont:
DtunSra .I send you herewith, as a curi
osity, my diploma, issued by jour institution in
1815, as it came out of the late great fire here.
It was in the middle of a pile of papers in x
drawer in a large Herring's sare, and was folded
the tizs of an ordinary law paper. You will see
by it, how your work stands. Although the
parchment Las lost its fine proportions, it Lap
pily represented something indestructible when
the cloud-capped towers and gorgeous palaces
and solemn temples vanished in smoke.
H. W. Te:!.'kt.
The sheepskin," thus rescued from the
burning, is now sbrivcllel to one -fourth cf its
size, scorched to a light brown color, and
crisped hard anl brittle by the heat. The word
Universitatis," and some other words of the
healing, are still plainly legible The old seal
is partially visible, and the ribbon attache! re
tains ils texture and consistency, but Las lest
its blue color. The lelic will, we presume.be
placed in the collection of curiosities in the Col
lege Museum and we understand that it is the
intention of the President to send to Mr. Tenney
a new diploma in place or the one thus
surrendered.
The unfortunate occurrence by whioh a well
known citizen lost his life last week at the hands
of a militia patrol it doubly deplorable de
plorable because of him who so oarelesaly threw
away his life, and because of him who so mis
takenly took it But in the mid.t of the panio
like fear, anxiety and suspicion that filled the
city last week, if it is true, as ttatel, that Col.
Grosvcnor allowed himself to wander about the
streets at midnight in an intoxicated condition,
he died as the fool dieth, and his fate preaches
an impressive temperance sermon. Trebly true
as it was at such a lime, it is also true that any
man. snywhere, who gets drunk, takes Lis life
in his hand, anl, alas too often the lives of
other men. Chicago Advance.
A similar sermon was preached by the death
of Freeman last week, in this city. He was, by
all accounts, an industrious and peaceable man,
except as changed by the demon of drink. A
pail filled with an abominable mixture of strong
beer and whiskey, stood ia the room thai was
tpatterel with his blood end brains, and was
explanation enough of thequarrel, arising from
a trivial cause, which ended in his violent
death. Is it asking too much, that the proper
officers make diligent inquiry as to who sold the
liquor If there was ever a cise in which the
penalty cf the law thould be enforced, this would
seem to be one and if the seller can be found,
we trust the mother of Freeman will bring suit
for damages against him, under the law of 1870,
for the lees of her means of support.
Several of our Vermcnt exchanges second tha
suggestion of the F&se Peess Times, that the
farmers should feel an especial call to help their
brother farmers who Lave Wen burned out In
Michigan and Wisoonsin. The Uatlsnl Con.
Tier says
The Burlington Feei Pts baa a very candid,
judicious, timely and truthful att;cle. healed
"To the Farmers of Vermont," in which it esti
mates that the contributions to Chicsgo will
resch some ten million dollars, anJ that very lit
tle of this Urge amount has come from the agri
cultural districts or been contributed by the
farmers, but that nearly every dollar bat teen
contributed by the business and profest-uina!
men, the artisans, the mechanics ana laoorrri
nf the lirre cities and towns. This will hold
cood in our own Rutland to. our personal know
ledge, and we join with the Fan Pacts in rsy-
ing that there is a special new now ior ice ir
mers to operate in.
The Postal Service at Chicago-
Omcs or toe
Aaa'r. eupr. Rilwat Mail Saire.
(Pinu Di.moi.) Chicjuo.IU., ucl il Is. 1.5
Editor Free Frets and Timet
The Postal Agent writing on Chicago postal
matters, as published in your paper of the 17th
inst, must have been in a fearfally demoralized
state. In the hurry and confation of saving at
least nineteen-twentietlH of the mails in the
second office in tizo ani importance in the
United States, matters became somewhat mixed
and on that fearful Monday very few thought cr
cared for their letters. I took possession cf the
largest and most available building standing.
and on the next morning (Tuesday), letters hav
ing been distributed in all torts cf improvised
cases, they were delivered not only to all call
ing for them, but also throughout the entire re
maining portion of the city.by carriers as well as
to all parties who left their address at the effise.
Orders were issued to all Railway Postal Clerks
and Route Agents, to make up all matter for
connecting roali, thereby relieving this office or
a large amount usually tent here for distribu
tion. In the emergency tbe Railway Mail Ser
vice has demonstrated its superiority and effi
ciency over the old eystem. Postal cars were
placed upcu nearly every railroad running out of
thecilyfor the reception and distribution of
mails.
Acting-upon the prompt crder of the Post
Master General, to spare no efibrt to re-establish
the office, arrangements were at once made for
the occupancy of Wabash Arenue Methodist
Church. It is cow being rapidly fitted up for tbe
Post Office. Mails are being regularly received
and delivered. Of t be fearful calamity I cannot
now write. I notice ths liberality with which
your people have responded, and this wilh great
pleasure, coming from home.
Very respectfully,
Geo. W. Wood,
Asst Supt Railway .Mail Service.
The young Rutsian Prince Alexis, third son cf
the Czar, bis jatt come of age, having been born
in January, 1850. According to the etiquette
of ruling houses, the prince will not stop at New
York, upon his arrival, but will depart for
Washington in a train of Pullman cars, kept in
waiting for him, in order to pay his respects to
the President at once.
This is not the first time that a prince of one
of the ruling houses of Earope has paid a visit
to our thores. Eleven years ago the Prince of
Wales came over from the Dominion to see us as
simple Baron Renfrew. Since then his younger
brother. Prince Arthur, Las maJe a brief trip
tLrough a part of our country, in a modest and
informal way. The visit of Alexis will be a more
imposing affair. He comes with all the pomp
and circumstance of slate, attended by numer
ous veseels of war, to pay his regards to our
President As the Boston Jldterlistr well says
The son of a sovereign whose aristocratic sway
extends over the seventh part of the habitable
globe, who, 'by the grace of God,1 rules over
seventy-eteht millions of people ca two conti
nents who traces his descent from Ruric tbe
X,'orman through a line of a thousand years,
Le comes the messenger of greetings from the
imperial father to a tanner anl the son of a tan
ner, ten yeirs ago a simple citizen, but now, 'by
the choice of the people,' chief magistrate of a
nation of forty millions."
The visit can hardly fail to increase the friend
ly feeling existing between the great Empire
and the great Republic.
The Woodhnll does not by any means con
fine her attention to running for the Presi
dency, and researches into embryology and stirp
iculture. She is equal to any subject, human
and divine, and is settling every mooted question
in science, art, political economy, and theology,
as fast as the can get around to them. Her last
important if true announcement is that "Spirit
ualism is the true, chief and but religion in
the world," and further that it is "the
true Chorch." As of course Victoria C. mnst
know, that matter may be considered settled.
PRESS, FRIDAY
An agricultural writer declares that the oft
repealed truth remains unmoved and immova
ble, that a fence post set top end down will
generally last twice ni long as if set ths other
wJ-
Mr. Djn Isham, proprietor of the hotel at
Enosburgh Falls, was thrown from his carriage,
on Wednesdsy, in crossing the railroad track,
the wheel having caught between the rail and
plank, and had a leg broken below toe xnee, .o
badly that the bone protruded from the Sesh
two inches.
There is no duller blunder, says a writer in
Harper's Weekly, than the supposition that
the schemers and tricksters and unscrupulous
men ofa party are its shrewdest managers, and
tha: honor and decency are impracticable in
politics.
Ti,. TWdent has appointed William M.
Evarts and Benjamin R. Curti. counsel before
the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva, in addition
to Caleb Cashing. Mr. Meredith declined the
appointment heretofore tendered him. Mr.Evarts
has accepted, and Judge Curtis is now on his
way home from Europe.
Advance is Corrts.-Tbe recent rise in the
price of coleo is attracting considerable attention
ia mercantile circles as well as among house
keepers, who arc now compelled to pay from five
to six cents more per pound than was asked a
few weeks sro. This sudden rise is owing to a
short crop in Java, Ceylon and Brazil, tbe.prin
cipal coffee producing countries. The estimated
d(fi:it is 100,000 tons.
A religious exchange, the fnireriaiif.says
not unaptly cf Ben Butler While remain
ing in the party he will agitate for its regener
ation and purification;" which, being inter
preted, means that he will do his utmost to make
his chances Utter next time. For in Mr. But
ler's scheme cf redemption the atonement is
made by the sacrifice of hie rivals
Tus New Yoec Det Goouj Maeket. The
New York Commercial says the Chicsgo shock
Las partly gone over, and the dry goods market
is easier this week. Business is increasing, and
prices are firm. The local demand for foreign
dreta goods is active, and a large demand from
the West is expected. The fajhionablc styles cf
woolen shmls are in great demand, and prices
arestealy. The market for flannels becomes
more astise as the cold weather approaches. The
clothiers are buying very sparingly.
A Foolish Fellow. Last Saturday evening
a youth nineteen years old, giving his name as
Alfred McLcllan, a native of Bralford, Vt,
but at pretent residing in Boston, while under
the influence of intoxicating liquor, made his ap
pearance at the First Police Station and detired
to surrender himself as the murderer of Kate
Leehan Instead cf gratifying his crszy whim
or desire cf notoriety, the office rs held him to
answer to a oompl:nt for drunkenness.
Bio CoaroXATioss. The New York Central
and Hudson, with 73 raile-i of track, has a
capital of $89,438,330; the Erie, 815 miles and
83,530,910 cspital; Harlem, 133 miles and
SS.000.000 capital; Realing, S3I miles and
S30.101.000 capital; Lake Shore, 1,283 miles
and' s35.000.OUO capital; Rock Ielanl, 591
miles and sl7,000,000 capital; Chicaga A
Alton. 466 miles and Sll.550,972 capital; Chi
cago t Northwestern, 1,221 miles anl S35,
185,773 capital; Union Pacific, 1.039 miles and
S36.7 15,000 oapiiil.
The civil service commission at Washington
has alvaneed sj far with its work that it ex
pects to lay before the president, this week, an
outline of the rules and regulations which it is
prepared to recommend for the reformation of
the civil tervice The foar main features of the
scheme are said to be first, almiseion to the
civil service at the lowest point, with competi
tive examination at every grade second, proba
tion third, promotion; fonrth.no filed tenure,
tke poter of removal being left practically un
disturbed, and the advantage of flexibility and
direot respocsibilily whioh sre casimed for the
present system retained.
DiETHOtrrii Medical College. non. E. H
Stoughton of New York, has given 510,000
for the purpose of repairing Dartmouth Medical
College. The Medical oomaeneement occurs to
morrow. Dr. L. C. Butler, of Essex, is one of
the examining committee, and Dr. John Ordro
caux. lecturer on Medical Jurisprudence,"
and for some years past a loeturer in the Medi
cal Department of the University of Vermont
delivers the oration. The present class numbers
forty. There hat been for several years a graJ
ual decrease of stn lean.
Dr. C. P. Frcst, of Brattleboro, formerly sur
geon of the Fifteenth Vermont Regiment, has
moved to Hanover.and intends making that place
bis Lome. He is lecturer upon TLec-ry snd
Practice of Mclicine'
The cow that knocked over the boy's lamp at
Chicago, and began tke conflagration which
ended so disastrously, promises to become as
noted as the geese that saved Rome. On the
bsck of a letter from Major L. H. Drury, Uty
Assorof the First Division, Chicago, to his
brother, Mr. II. N. Drury, of this city, is in
scribed the toast of the i eaten
Here's to the oow that kicked over the lamp.
And left tto Dots without a stamp.
If there is such a thing as laughing misfor
tune out of counlcnanoe, the Chicagoans are
bound to do It
A W ashington special siys there is tbe high
est auiharity for the ttatemtnt that President
Grant does not now intend to reeommeni in his
forthcoming message ifurther measures for the
annexation of San Domingo, anl will not do so
unless events occur which are not anticipated.
The President simply alheres to tbe petition of
hit last message to Congress upon the subject of
Dominican annexation, and while his perwu'1
views upon the matter are unchanged, will not
depart from the policy there laid down, nor as
sume responsibility which he then transferred to
Congress.
Another blow at the hazing syatem has
been struck at the WestPoint Military Academy.
The Secretary cf War issued an order cn Wednes
day dismissing outright from the institution
four cadets, and imposing minor penalties upon
two ethers, for treating with violence and
harassing other cadets." The names of tbe dis
missed are John W. Wilson, DeWitt Clinton
Frazier, Santiago F. Hubbell and John L. Stiles;
the other two offenders are Albert II. Miller and
Albert II. Hammon, tbe former of whom will be
deprived of his next furlough and confined to
the limits of the plain until the commenc-
ment of the next academical year, while Ham
mon gels off with the latter penalty abce. This
vigorous treatment of offenders, coming as it
does so soon after the dismisial of five midship
men from the naval academy, shows that the
government ia really in earnest in its war upon
Lazing.
The Death ofMcDevitt, the Billiard Ex-
feet. Information has been obtained from an
attache of Foley's billiard establishment in Chi
cago which leaves no doubt about the death of
the renowned billiard player, John McDevitt
He was up to a late hour on Sunday night at
Foley's, which building was believed to bo tafe.
About daybreak on Monday, however, the ap
proach of the fire warned the occupants to fly
for safety. McDevitt was loth to leave, but was
fjreed along Dearborn street for some distance,
but he became frantic with excitement and de
liberately seated himself on the curbstone. An
effort was then mide to get him into the Tri
bune effiw near by but in vain, and, as an
avalanche of flame burst upon him his friends
fled to save their own lives, and .McDevitt was
seen no more. It is almost certain that he was
crushed beneath the falling walla.
Tbe body of Theodoric Bland Pryor, son of
Cen. Roger A. Pryor, who now lives in New
York, was found floating in the East river on
Tuesday morning. He was a youth of twenty
years and of unusual promise. He entered
Princeton college in ISCS.and in 1670 graduated
with inch honors as had never been attained in
that institution but by Aaron Burr, nearly a
century ago. His grade was 99.9, and the ex
amining professor declared that the examination
which he had passed almost challenged belief,
lis gained the Jay Cooke mathematical fellow
ship, that alone being open to him. In Septem
ber, 1870, he went to the university of Cam
bridge, England, and in a single year won every
prize and the only scholarship which was open
to him. Young Pryor ttsdied hard after his
return from England, and it is thought that his
too zealous application to books impaired bis
reason, and that in a fit of aberration he drown
ed himself.
MORNING, NOVEMBER 3, 1871.
Dedication cr the Kebie Soldiees" Moc
jiet. They look after the memory of their
soldiers in New Hampshire. Keene, one of its
most honorable and thrifty towns, dedicated a
soldiers' monument on Friday. We devote con
siderable sptce to the report of the proceedings.
We only hope that in due time Burlington will
imitate Keene's example.
The weather was cold and disagreeable, but
there was, nevertheless, a large attendance of
people. Superintendent Stewart, of the Cheshire
Railroad, made liberal arrangements for the
public by running specisl trains at half fare. In
Keene, the various places of business were e'esed,
and flags waved from public and prirate build
ings, giving the town a gala-day appearance
Governor Westcn and tuff were pi etent, as
was General Garfield, of Ohio, .Major General
Kilpatrick. and some twenty other distinguished
gentlemen, who were invited to the residence of
Msjor General Griffin, where a most sumptuous
collation was served.
There wss a grand civio and mile long pro
cession, and among familiar organizations and
names which took part in it. wc notice the Keene
Cornet Bind Keene Guards, Capt Babbitt
Chethire Guards, of Westmoreland, Capt Pi-s-ton
A. Barker Sedgwick Post, G. A. R., from
Brattleboro. II. M. Conner. Commander.
Gen. Griffin presided OTer tbe formal exer
cises and male a very appropriate opening ad
dress, wh.ch was followed by the plsying of the
Star Spangled B inner by the bandi. Dr.
George B. Twitchell, chairman of the Monument
Committee, made the adlress of presentation, in
whish he gave sn interesting history of the un
dertaking. The beautiful statute was then unveiled, and
as theflig which bad been wrapped arounl it
rote gracefully iu tbe air, there was music,
cheers and firing of cannon. Major General
Juds-.n Kilpatrick, orator of the day, delivered
an eloquent address, which wa followed by a
brilliant poem, by Lieut. Geo. A Marden cf the
Lowell Courier, and britf remarks by Governor
Weston, Senator Patterson and ether invitel
guests. Martin Milmore, the designer of the
statue, was introduced to ihe assembly anl was
rspturcusly cheered.
Among those present, not mentioned above,
were Congressman Parker, ex-Governors Haile
and Smythe, ex-Congrestmen Wilson and LM-.-l.
n.n ire.ul- Gen. M. T. Donahue, Hon.
.1 Ur'r-rv Elliott. I'onsul Edwin Vaughan of
Canada, Major 0. F. R. Wait. Rev. Messrs.
Barstow tnd White, anl tho venerable John
Prentiss, now nicety four years old.
One hundred and fifty guests sat down to an
elegant dinner at foe Cheshire llouje, at the
conclusion of the exercises on Central square.
Gcn.S. G. Griffin presiJed, and a blessing was
pronounced by tbe venerable Dr. Birstow.
To the first regular toast" The President of
the United States "Senator Patterson respond
ed in an eloquent eulogy of President Grant,
Gov. Weaton responded to the second toast
"The Governor of New Hampshire;" Maj.
Gen. Garfield to Tbe Volunteer Soldier
Maj Gen. Kilpatrick to "The American Army
and Navy." In response to other toasts,
speeches were made by i ol Carroll D. Wright,
Lieut. George A. Slarden, Hon. T, M. Edards,
Hon. Uosea W. Parker, Gen. Nat Head. Gen.
M. D. Donahue, Peter Sanborn and others.
All the military and civil organizations tat
down to a bountiful collation at the Town Hall.
The monument c-tnsistsof a bronzs figure ofa
soldier,; eight feet in height, standing at
rest, but in no recognized military position
the butt of his mutket is placed upon the g'ound,
anil passing up between the right arm and the
body, ia supported by tbe right hand, which is
raised towards the shoulder and grasps the
piece in a firm but pliant manner.
The figure rests principally upon the right
leg, while the left ia advanced to an easy posi
tion, giving balance and repose to ths hole.
The drapery is that of a common sc-ldier in the
late war, including the overcoat, which was so
useful in active service, an t which now serves so
admirably as a foil to the t liffnets of the ordinary
costume, anl gives to the figure something of tbe
jtraoe neoettary to a ork of art. The pose of
tbe figure is easy, at the same time firm and
commanding. The countenance ezprestes that
clear intelligence and sterling common sense
which distinguishes the true American Volun
teer and the whole aspect of the statue is that
of tbe courageous, ready, nrm and patriotic cit
izen soldier. The figure stacda upon a pedestal
of Rozbury granite, composed of the following
teetioce
A lower base 1 1-2 feet square, and 15 inch"
high 2d base, C Ret 2 inches square and 18
inches high 3d base, 5 feet 1 inches square and
9 inches high Ith bue.l feet 10 inches square
and 9 inches high. On these four bases rest the
die. which is 4 feet square by 5 feet 8 inches
hi(h the whole surmoucted by a cap 5 feet 1
inches thick. On the south of the die is a bronze
tablet 13 by 3 inches, bearing the followirg in
scription
Keene will cherish in perpetual honor the
memory of ber sons who fought for liher'y and
the integrity of the republic.
8,1 lw,3
The honor of the heroic dead ia the inspiration
of posterity."
The entire hight of the pedcslal is 12 feet 10
Inches, and total bight of pedrstal anl statue 20
feet and 10 inches.
Sturounding tbe monument, and distant from
it ten feet, it a granite curbing, the whole sur
rounding by a neat gravel walk
A as tract j or Titles to Reil Estite Sav. u.
The Chicago Timet of Thursday, after de
scribing the destruction cf the records in the
Court House, and the anxiety caused among
business men in regard to their titles to real
estate, says
There was a very general relief of public anx
iety at finding that Messrs. ShorUll and Hoard
saved all their books and papers, aad Messrs.
Chase, Bros. Co and Messrs. Jones i Sellers
most of their. We have been informed that tbe
vaults of tbe latter firm were found in a perfect
cond.tion, and that they contained their books,
though tome of tbeir papers were destroyed in a
safe. Shortsll Hoard rescued their books and
papers cn Sunday night of the fire, beginning
their wcik about 1 1 o'clock, and taking out the
last of their valuable materials when their build
ing, on the corner of Waahington and Clark sts.
was actually on fire. Among their papers were
complete and perfect transftr copies of all the
abstracts ever made by the firm amounting to
something like l'M1,000 pages which cover a
very large territory, and, as far as they go, are
very much more valuable than tbe Indexes, as
setting forth tbe details of the transfers and liens.
To make tbe power of revesting titles still more
reliable, the information will be received with
universal joy that Mr. Rees hal kept and has
saved copies cf all the maps and plats of Chicago
property up to the very Saturday rjezore toe are.
The result is that there is ample material for
vesting titles and showing the condition of all
property, so that it oau be made available for
borrowing purposes. It only remains for the
Legislature to pats a comprehensive and well
digested law as to the manner in which this
ehall be done, and this is one of the things to be
done quickly.
POLITICAL.
Hon. Charles Hale, long editor of the Boston
Adttrtittr, and for some years past oar Consul
General to Egypt, has been nominated by the
Republicans of Wards Four and Five. Boston,
for tbe Massachusetts Senate. He made an able
legislator and most acoomplishel Speaker of the
House tome few years since.
Colonel Walter B. Price has been nominated
by the Democrats of the over the lake district
for the Senate. Colonel Price is a rich distiller
cf New York, and a thorough Tammany man.
He built him a splendid residence on the west
side of Lake George this tcaton, and will turn
out his money like water for his election, but
from what we can bear, the Republican nominee,
Samuel Ames, of Keeseville, will lay him out
handsomely. The voters of the Sixteenth Dis
trict are too honest to send to the Senate any of
Tammany s servitors.
The Indianapolis Journal describes General
Frank Blair as a sort of cheap Jack who
howls out his penny wares over the foot-board cf
his cart, and is ready to raise a laugh or a quar
rel with anyone so that he can sell his wares."
Senator Carl Schurz never said a truer thing
than this from bis recent speech at Louisville
The Democratic party, as a national organiza
tion, ought to have dissolved itself into its orig
inal elements as soon as the Fifteenth Amend
ment had become pan of the Constitution."
Siextific Testimoxt The Bellows Falls
Times has the annexed report of a highly im
portant case jutt tried at the adjourned term of
the Windham County Court Dr. Panglots could
never have equalled the plaintiff in the redun
dancy of the language of Lis testimony
Norman Webster vs. Halifax. Action on the
case for damagea sustained by reason of tLe in
sufficiency of a bridge in Halifax. In June
1870, the plaintiff was npsct upen said bridge
and thrown into the streim with his horses and
carriage. I'laintiu'e lettimooy tended to mow
that bis scapuiarins was forced sgamst the tra
pezium, his glenoid muscle was dieplaced from
the deltoid cavity, thereby smashing his diagno
sis, injuring his super-circumflex, asslmulating
his super-spinstus, and elongating his capsular
ligament In plain English (which we didn't
hear much cf in the trial) the plaintiff claimed
that he was rjauiy Dumped and injured oy the
accident Defendant's testimony tended to show
that plaintiff greatly exaggerated his injuries for
the purpose of obtaining a big verdict. Verdict
for plaintiff, S2.188.50. OoL Kitt Ilaskins
and Hon. C. B. Eddy for plaintiff; Charles
n. Davenport lor uetendant.
Psopuetic PsEAcntxc- -TLe Boston Trun-
scripl mentions a case of propbetio preaching.
On the terrible Sunday of the Chicago fire,
while peaceful Hartford had, ss yet, no knowl
edge of that calamity, tke preacher at the old
Center Church, addreuing, iu the broad aisle of
that edifice, several millions of the well-known
Hartford insurance stocks, preached from this
text: "If any man build on this foundation
gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble,
every nan's work shall be made manifest for
the day shall declare It, because it shall bejre
vealed by fire, and the fire shall try every man's
work, cf what sort."
ITho following obituary appeared several weaks
s!n In lbs Railway Review of Chijago, from th.
pea orE. Marvin SmaUey. Esq.. who Is ono cfthe
editors of that Journal.
The late Hon. G. W- Benedict,
The many former pupils of this TeneraWe in
structor (teacher of men at well as youth), who
are scattered broadcast throughout the West
even as far as it extends, will be pained at the
announcement of his death. To be his pupil
was to become his friend. Prof. Benedict was
for 22 years connected with the University of
Vermont in one or other of its chairs; for the
extent of his acquirements fitted him to fill al
most any of them, with credit to himself and
the college, and with the utmost satisfaction to
his fellows and pupils.
At about the time cf the development cf Prof.
Morse's eystem of telegraphy (in which Prof.
Benedict took, from the outset, the deepest in
terest), feeling that he was getting a little worn
and weary cf teaching, and that his health de
manded more active pursuits. Prof. B. resigned
his position in the U. V. M.," anl for some
years devoted himself almost exclusively to in
troducing the telegraph throughout Eastern New
England, and particularly Northern Vermont
At about the same time railway projects we-e
agitated in Vermont, and to their prosecution
with a foresight and sagacity hardly to be looked
for ia a man of his profession, which was
theujht to berftt rather narrow, conservative
views he gave his entire and powerful influ
ence, and with happy results. In the latter part
of 1852, tha Burlington Free Press ;(a long es
tablished old-line Whig" paper) being in the
market, he bought a controlling interest in it
and seated himself, although pretty well along m
life. uDon tbe editorial tripod, wilh all the self-
confiienee rather the self-reliance which con
scious strength gives to a man of such never
flagging energies as his were
It is a well recognized rule amcng journalists,
that it is dangerous for a man to embark his for
tune iu newspaper enterprises, who has not been
thoroughly trained in all the details of journal
itm. Mere learning, or a facile, fluent style of
writine are not enough to insure success. I'ror.
B. pruted, however, a signal and happy excep
tion to the rule. Uy the vigor or his writings,
the logic of his reasonings aad Lis spotless in
tegrity, always undoubted and unquestioned
even ia politics, Le at.oncc put tbe Free Press
no to the hich place it has ever since occupied
as one of the leading, authoritative journals of
Vermont, and we may say or new Lagianj
At the same time be made it (aided of course by
his subordinates) a financial success, relieving it
from an incubus of odium, owing to a former
mismanagement, and establishing for it a high
and honorable financial status aad credit
ITm noaition as conductor of that journal
r.iher forced him to aocDt the office of State
Senator in the troublesome, turbulent days of
Know.Nothiaeism." in 18.il-' ot. lut he
was never an otSoe-seeksr. Positions cf that
nature seemed rather irksome to him not from
any shirking of reeponsibillity, but rather be
cause he felt that he could wield more influence
in another position.
Failing health at last admonished Mr. Bene
dict that he must relinquiah work and give him
sslf res. Some four or five years ago, only, he
resigned his active participation in the manage
ment of his journal, and was suoceedel, we be
lieve, by his son, Hon. Geo. G. Benedict Prof.
B. retired not a moment too soon indeed, it
was feared that he had alreaiy fatally over
wrought himself. Careful nuraing, ani the af
fectionate attentions of most devoted children,
however, did much to prolong for a brief year
or two the life, tbe latt ilayt of their belovel and
deservedly retered parent
Another staunch old ttaalard-bearer of his
came the cause of humanity, of progress, of
intelligent freedom, not to be permitteJ to oe
oo me license has pissed away, ne was prom
inent among those firmly set men known as
jenllemen of the oil school," who had a few
notions of their own on tho subjects of politics,
religion, morals And manners, anl who have
done so much to give Vermont the high-tone!
character she bears.
Mr. Benedict was not fitted by nature or bis
own inclination to be what is known as a pop
ular" Professor, or Indeed popular with tbe peo
plemuch less with the mob. Nevertheless,
they who knew him best especially his old po
pds andetstood, appreciated, and reverenced
the man for hit ster.iog worth. With notions
rather inclining to asceticism or rather to an
austere dealing with one's self he hal little
patience with a dull, apathetic laggard. He en
tertained high notions (severe ones perhaps for
most men to follow) of the value, the necessity
of fidelity lo one's cMin.j. If one was a ttu
dent, be would have him a student, not a dull,
lazy loiterer. For all that, none were more
ready to overlook anl forgive youthful etoaptlts
aad thoughtless peccadilloes, provided only the
errant ones stuck well to their books, and
passed" creditably the ordeal of examination
rooms. A polWhed and versatile scholar himself,
a man of profound acquirements hidden under
a modest, uosssuming ezterior although he be
trayed the scholar in his esery ac'ion he erect
ed a high standard' of excellence to set before his
pupils. Most thoroughly did he do hit duty in
leading them up to it His fine old face, (al
way strongly reminding the writer of the best
likeneates we see of Andrew Jaokson and whom
in ais test charscterittict of an unimpeachable
integrity aad a firmness not to be shaken. Prof.
Benedict also resembled, in our eyes at least)
his strongly marked and scholarly" face, was
never more raliant with J-atbfaetion, than when
some hard-working, favorite pupil had hand
somely acquitted himself on (.ommeneemtnt
Day
It is the writer's sad privilege to pay this brief
tribute to the memory of a man be so much res
pected, although affording but a meagre outline
of tbe character of tbe deseased.
Honored in his day and generation; faithful
n all his relations to society, having filled the
measures of hit duties; happy in all hia social
relations; with mens noi conscia recti and a
conscience void of offence, well might this old
scholar as be was about to pats away oc that
quiet Sabbath morning from tbe beautiful earth
ly scenes in whiok he had so Ur- lived and la
bored, and whioh he loved to well well might
he have ejaculated "I have fooght a good
fight; I have finished my course, I have kept the
faith S.
From the N. Y. Times. Oct -Sth.
More Evidence.
The Committee on Armories and Drill-rooms
have shown that out of an expenditure for re
pairs on these premises amountiog to $8,200.
000, tke sum of 52,950,000 represents money
stolen from the tax-pavers. The Court-nou-e
committee Bed that between eleven and twelve
millions bare been paid out for an unfinished
building, whose real cost is about a fourth of
that amount The net stealings on this account
a-e therefore, about nine millions. This is so
Ism a turn that most peonle will have some dif
ficulty in folly realizing what it represents. The
mode of its accumulation will be eluadated by
the following table
Ain't Paid.
Davidson's
safe, li,537.7i
Smith's car
pets, CM, WO. 19
Ineersoirs
rurni-.ure. 2,K.Uk7.0l
Hall's paiat
InEs. av,'J63.?
Keyter's
plumbing, V14..UJ v
Oanea'a
plasterins. 1.937,543.21
Real Vain.
SClUu.01
1-,7G U0
3d8,131."i
-1,50" 1-0
-J,7-,tt
7o.aai.ow
Stolen.
1419,067
6.1,03 y
1.51,6-151
.(.3,166.70
40,373.65
1,3(77, 190.21
Total, $7,i '.406 II $6.14,181!.) $6 605,250.41
These six aoeounts comprise more than two
thirds of the estimated plunder on the new
Court-house. They show that for evtry dollar
really expended on tbe building ten dollars were
stolen, and it is not tone wondered at that not
only have most of the vouchers been destroyel,
but that most of the warrants have been irregu
larly drawn, fraudulently indorsed, and studi
ously kept ont of the usual channel of collection
the Clearing-house. The sixteen warrants
drawn in the name of the mystical J. A. Smith,
believed to represent A. J. Smith a clerk on the
city pay-roll bear indorsements written by fen
different persons, the vouchers for which are all
missing. Eighteen warrants were drawn in the
name of Bollar, one of Ingertoll's dummies.
These bear various indorsements, mott of which
are believed to be forged. On all of these how
ever, appear either the initials E. A. W., or the
full signature E. A. Woodward the cfficicl dis
tributor of the Ring plunder.
Special attention ought to be pail to the state
of the balance-sheet cf the Corporation, shotr
ing that the astounding sum of S23,C70,6o3.79
is at this moment due to tbe city on account of
uncollected assessments, arrears of taxes, in
terest on assettments, &c That a gi eat portion
of this has been left unpaid owing to corrupt
bargains with the public robber, cannot be
doubted.
The Pretlileiit Tl.anksslvlnr; l'roela
llllf lion.
TUE OOtU Or XOVEMBEE APPOINTED.
The process of the seasons has again enabled
the husbandmen to garner the fruits of success
ful toil. Industry has bees generally well re
warded. We are at peace with all nations, and
tranquility, with few exceptions, prevails at
home. Within the past year we have iu the
main been free from ilia which elaewhere have
affected our kind. If some of us have had cala
mities, there should be an occasion for sympa
thy with the tufferers, of resignation on their
part to the will of the Most High, aadof rejoic
ing to the many who have been more favored.
I therefore recommend that on Thursday, the
r,0:h day of November next, the people meet in
their respective places of worship, and there
make the usual acknowledgments to Almighty
God for the blessings He has conferred upon
them, for their merciful exemption from evils,
and invoke His protection and kindnns for their
let) fortunate brethren, whom, ia His wisdom,
ne has deemed it best to chastise.
The New York World now calls Tweed a
public robber." It adds
"The arch-knave, contriver and engineer of
the frauds is in a fair way to get his jutt deserts.
If Tweed is elected to the State Senate by his
ignorant constltucncy.he will never be permitted
to take his seat"
Dees the Burlington Democrat still maintain
that the talk about Tammany frauds is "all
bosh too thin to go down!"
G. A. R General Burnslde, Commander-in-Chief
of the Grand Army of the Republic, has
sppointed Colonel W. G. Veasey, of Rutland,
Assistant Inspector General on his staff for the
Department of Vermont Colonel Theo. S. Peck,
cf this city, has also been appointed an Aide cn
General Burnslie's staff. Both these appoint
ments will give general satisfaction to the com
rades cf the Grand Army throughout the State.
VERMONT NEWS.
ADDISOS COUSTT.
A BriJ port tee euRuiist, has sold two ton) of
honey this season.
Five thousand dollars has been offerel and re
fused for a half interest in the Mount Verd slate
quarry at Granville.
BESXIVCITOX C0C5TT.
Fresh violets are now blooming on the hillsides
in Woodford.
A correspondent of the Banner has the fol
lowing relative to affairs at North Bjnnington
Speaking of vegetables, probably the largest
cabbage head ever raised in this village, is on
the shoulders of the boy who a'Jowed himseir to
be seat to the barber's shop for a basket of
shavings.
We have families here who keep cows, pigs,
etc., and also keep good fires in their stoves, tnd
yet they have no barns or pig stys, and have not
been knnwn to hnv wood for some considerable
time past We do not speak of this in a faalt-
ffr..t:. 1- ,n tW pramnTes of
uu.oK epiru, ii r
good maaagiEg."
Ths Bennington Manufacturing Company,
is the largeit shawl manufactory in the coun
try. Hon. T. W. Park, has recently sold a four year
old heifer raised on his farm, which has taken
two State Fair premiums and weighed, when
EUiea, i.uo pounds.
Bennington and North Bennington, have
both sent a large amount of clothing to the Chi
cago sufferers.
Horse racing, an J bise ball matching are
among the autumn sports of the Beoning
tonians. South Saaftsbury has built the best school
house in the eoqnty.
The Eizle Souire Comoaav at South Shaft
bury, are about ere:tingan extensive building
as an allition to their works
Harvey, Arnold i Co., of North Adams, have
bought two-thirds ot the uaner .v riuaiett mui
nronerty. in North Pownal. One hundred and
fifty additional looms are to be aided, as the
water ppwer is equal to the use cf 500 looms
raixKUX consrr.
The ballasting and graling of the Mistitqnoi
Road is completed to the Stevens Bridge in
Enosburgh.
Luther L Davia has been appointel Unite. 1
States Consul at Sutton. P. J., and will be lo
cated either at Sutton nit or Aberoorn.
Since tbe trains commented running on tbe
Misstsquoi Railrovl. Montgomery gets a dairy
mail, inateal of a tri-weekly one, as formerly.
LAMOILLE COUVTT.
Captain Moses McFarland has soil the sash,
door and blind manufactory, and the two dwell
ings connected with it, at WaterviUe, to George
Mann, formerly of East Franklin, who, in com
pany with his father. Mr. Hiram Mann, intends
to establish a business or manuiasinring axe
and hoes. The sash and blind manufactory will
be run as before.
Oa Friday afternoon last, tbe nearly completed
mill-dam of the Buck Brothers, northeast of the
villiage of Johnson, was swept away, taking
with it the bridge which crosses from the new
street just belo also dotDg some damage to
the mill, which is in process of erection.
A four huulrel young brain unwisely put his
foot in a trap set by Curtis Lirown, at ueivtdere.
a few days ago. He was a connoisseur in sheep.
OBASGE COCMTT.
The White River Valley Musical Association
held a tetsion at West Randolph this week. The
soloist was Miss Lizzie Babbitt, or that village.
botlasd cotmi
The congregation of the Methodist church at
Pooltney, have sent two valuable boxes to tbe
Western offerers, eioh valued at SI00; one
went to Chicago, tbe other the Mayor of Green
Bay City.
M. C. Bullock of Rutland has received a pa
tent for a rod channeling mashice.
L. B. Clogston, of Fairhaven, has just obtain
ed a patent on marble gang, which bids fair to
revolutionize the business of sawing marble. It
consists of a saw gate constructed entirely of
wrought iron, thereby combining strengin ani
simplicity of construction with exceeding light
ness, the gate weighing less than one-half that
of tbe old gang. It can also be made of supe
rior strength and at a much less expense. It has
been tried in some of oar largest mills and found
to take much kis power than has been required
heretofore.
There are four -lancing schools in progress in
the village of Ratland.
Wu"OIOTJX COCXTT.
The Washington County Court granted nine
divorces,
WIXDHAX COtrSTT.
The farmers in the vicinity of Wilmington had
tbeir "annual weighing bee" on haturday
afternoon, the 14th inst, giving for the time a
lively appearance to the little Tillage among the
hills. Thirty pairs of oxen and steers wtre
taken here and weighed, and we rtoticed some
nice pairs that would compare favorably with
most of those on exhibition at oa'tle shows. The
weight of some of the heaviest pairs with their
ages and the names of their owners, we give as
follows R. II. Faulkner. 1 pair of yearling
steers, 1,550 lbs, 1 pair two years old, 2.450
lbs. 1 pair oxen five yeas oil, 8,700 lbs. Perry
nail of Halifax, 1 pair three years old, 2,900
lbs. O. C. Fairbanks, 1 pair four years old, 3,
422 lbs. Also fourteen horses and colts were
led upon the scales eingly we mean to ascer
tain their avoirdupois.
A peculiar cue cf libel was tried at the county
court at Newfacr, the other day. The agzrieved
party, Dwight N. Cocnable of Bamardstown,
Matt brought aetion agaicst Charles Babcock
of Guilford, for tlander in uttering the words
Dwight took a false oath at Greenfield," aad
for libel in publishing some verses entitled
Dwight's Character." which plaeed Caanoble
in rather an unfavorable light The jury re
turned a verdict for Babcock.
II. H. Felton is erecting a new saw mill and
cljair factory at Jamaica.
Mrs. WiUard White, of Grafton, has bad,
since tbe 11th of last May, 93 pounds of water
taken from her tide by Dr. Campbell of Saxtons
River.
There are two smart old ladies in Saxtons
River, Mrs Shattuek and Mrs. Newton, both
over ninety. The other day one made a call
upon the other, aad declined as invitation ro
stop to tea, oa the ground that she had several
other calls to make.
At the alioarned term of the Windham
County Court. Judge Itoss presided. On tbe
call of ths dock:t twenty-six caaes were est for
the jury.
West Brattleboro, the former seat of the
Brattleboro Academy, has a new boarding
school for both lads and lasses, called Belair In
stitute, of whioh Miss Annie L. Grout is prin
cipal Beausesnt Commandery of Knights Templar
of BraUleJeboro, vi-iited Greeeinetd, Mat9 on
Wedneslay, accompanied by the Brattleboro
Brass Band. They partook of supper aad re
turned on the evening train.
WINDSOR COOSTT.
Frank TrasseU son of Albert G. Trasisll, or
Perkinsvilte, was found dead in his bed on the
morning of the 20th inst Hit age was 19 years.
He Lad been in poor health for a long time
Several Chester merchants have recently
missed goods from their Boston shipments, con
sisting of overcoats, shawls, drets goods, etc, to
quite an amount
Six prisoners are in jail at Woodstock on
charge of high crimes, one for murder, one for
rape, two for theft, one for treach of trust arid
another fo- obtaining goods cn false pretences.
The disgraceful row in theUniversalist church
at Chester, arising from the publication of a li
be'ous article, written by G. B. Spaulding, and
reflecting upon Rev. E. E. Foster, the pastor,
reached the poiatofthe arrest of Mr. Fester,
latt week, on a tuit for slander. The affair waa
planned so as to hustle him into prison, but this
purpose was foiled, and bail secured.
ErrECT or the Geat Fire. The various
methods in which a great fire may operate are
beginning now to be widely felt Our broken
insurance companies are calling in real estate
leans, and about one hundred millions of ssrt
gages mnst now be paid. Real estate will soon
be thrown upon the market to an almost un
paralled extent, and prices must fall to a corres
ponding degree. This decline is shown in the
attempt to sell the St James Hotel in Broadway,
which was bidden in after a tedious attempt to
get an approximation to its value. The effect
of the Chicago fire upon that piece of property
alone is not lets than S 100,000. Mortgagors are
now hurrying to find new loans, and enormous
commissions are paid to brokers who can afford
relief. Another feature cf damage is found in
the large number cf clerks, secretaries, survey
ors and other men who are thrown out of em
ployment by the failure cf insurance companie.
To this is to be added the enormous increase in
rates, which will lead to a diminution in the
amount cf policies. Men who have hal SI 0,000
cn a building in many cases will reduce the
figures to S5.000. and take an increase risk on
their own shoulders. People eenerally must be
more watchful and a general system of fire police
De estatmsneu in names and Hotels. In Uu
way an increase in precaution may Iz&d to more
effectual security agaicst oar excellent servant
but dangerous enemy. -V. Y. Cor. Troy
Times.
Comanche Bill is now in Detroit, and at
tracts much attention. His real name is George
W. Porter, and he is described as a fair, rather
small nan, with delicate and almost girlish
features. Although he is said to have killed one
hundred and eighty-three Indians with his own
hand, in revenge for tke death of his mother,
who was killed by the Indians, there is, we art
told, a total absence of coarseness cr brutality
in his expression. His eye is of piercing keen
ness, but is not ungentle, and occasionally has
even a sparkle cf humor. This strange chill of
the prairie dresses ia buckskins ornamented,
with steel buttons, and wears a broad-brimn-.ed
black felt hat Like Hawkeye," he had a
favorite rifle, and this was unluckily burned ia
tbe Chicago conflagration. He remains among
civilize! people for the moment, in order to re
place this weapon, after which hj purposes to
resume his search for his sitter, who is still in
captivity among the Comanches. It is his with
to get two good men, firtt-clais shots and fight,
ers, to go with him, and he feels sure of succeed
ing In his enterprise before spring.
UELIGIOLS IXTELMCEXtE
Rev. James Caldwell, of Ro;al:on, h bi- -e
actios paatorcf ths CongiegV'ouil r. a
Bethel.
Rev. Cyrus B. Drake, D. D., p a
Eoyaltoa last Sabbitb, cn tie "th in v
of his pastorate at Eoyalton.
dat
tiry
The IiJics of the Eptsoopal Socie y m
gate are endeavoring to raise mrass b..
of oyster suppers an 1 tewing sock t'es n
their house of worship.
EUer Miles Grant, the fi-j us i ,t,
vivaliat, is hoilirg a teriesof rait
Johnsbury.
Rev. IL F. Carpenter Seond A J n
SprisgStll, Vt, supplies the va:aEC- o. a
ed by tbe absence of Rev. VT. Siearns,
Christian Church, in West Ranltlrh
Tbe Methodist Church in II gbgate ha
holding a four days meeting, at nded .1
sVJerable interest,
Rev. Mr.DcWittofCin.-.cdaigja N
been hoidiog meetings at the Bapti-r I
East Esoseargh for the last firta gV,
very large artendanco and it Isle
manytoals have been brough ro Chri
hat efforts.
At the recent Sabbath Schoo' S'at
at Montpelier, an account was ive iof,
beer, accomplished by a huml,'- c r
Rutland, of quite naoderste mean- 1' j
into a destitute part of a cei-h -(North
Clarendon, we believe,) h
or religioos prmlegw existed 1
the rieroeet oprjosirion had succeed, 1
inff a nourishing Sunday School ar l
hal erected a chapel, at the cost it -subscription
had been raised f- r
but free will offerings left a diV
now remaining.
The Andover Conference of tv,
churches had' admitted women to f
ship.
The I'niremaltsi asserts that
of its denomination are mk:ng jp-a'
in Scotland.
California Methodist churches
with DH preachers and i,bl mfnv-r
Southern Methodist Episcopal ptje-
revivals at many points in lie ..-tie.
and Tennessee.
The Pieabyterian Church of the I u,.i
numbers nearly 1', ccm-nuan-aut-than
5, communicant- we-, a li. i i'i
year.
Rv. Jesee Walke-. .-i 1 J, t., -claes
of MethoJiatsin i'n cgo. hi-
dozen members, and in ...1 m -served
as parsonage. Li'then, pari ,r a 1 and
room. The cla-s has since crown i t
thousand.
At the meeting of th Ao,er i,
in New kork, on W !n'lay,
stated that he bad rece ,-d a u -r .r
asking tor a supply t ita a-i
one could be fount n ie
there is no money i.t.uau! t t r,u-
He bad a!so receivel a f t i
questing a million copi, o :ne r it, -1
this also must wait unl-I f -j 'i an
have new edition.- printed.
appointed lo tend B.Mes to t i -South.
During the twenty- -n- jear
Society's existence, it has c rciiat,
millii-a copies of the II tie. U,n
vis'on is progressing.
A despatch from iloue, OctuSer 'I,
re-union of the CarlmaK if tbe i ir
arrangement of a soleun coa'.A
completed in the Vatican The tj -i
before their eminences .or del 'e w f
lion should be taken by the hca I c-r 'v
relative to the claim of ihe Kinofra-.
supremacy of rule ia ihe city an 1 ioaia n t.
Holy See. The Cardina's have advi.t 1 r.
ness to quit Rome, in order f p.-es-.-re
spiritual independence. Tae IVjpr
decision of the Cardmaiate wi.li i c
I i1,
.1 -a
degree f favor, and he has trtia ij .-ii
to take his departure from Ume at t' e t.,
of the convocation 'f the lral.n !'ar i
within the bounds of ihe muni; m
Nearly seventy-five churcoes, m n
etc., were destroyed in Ch cago.
I'i. V.- I
land Church, one of the roo't a- a:. rf
tares in the city, was laid in ru.n. a- w
home of erery member of the churcL
The Roman Catholics suffe'el grev j
as many as seven churches, s x ennvpa p,
schools, and two Irspita!, wj to in a
million dollars.
Only aboat a hundred out of tiL 'en
priests in the Kingdom of Bavaria are
to side with Doliinger, and the aati-intau
movement does not appear 'o ha 1 ma'e
great bead among tke clergy.
To tbz i?rsiDAT Schools or A:Eair, i i
of the severe losses t y the Chicago fire a a- t.
destruction of the famcus Illinois Street M t
superintended by Mr. D L. Moody. 1 wis
undenominational echo exxedmg'y fru.r
one of the model m-s.-icn schools tf tr e wur
During ihe past twelve years no r.n-
been more active in miseioa wor tha
Moody. His whole time has been i;.".1 1
cause. He has labored incessantly not r- v
his own field, but for ether enterprise
kind. Hia hands anl his voi; hTi
at the service of Sabbath schools i .er
Tbe nation owes :t to him anl hi les ita
ish to rebuild at ence thj bai' i.-i t
down ia the great fire
There will soon be fi ty thou-ian I ut
and others ia that secr-oa of tl,e o -i
gospel privileges. He hev i
Chicago has no money. To the Ue
of America we apreal Tois
Sunday schoo! work. Let as bui. -r i
lay, a tabernacle for the people f ties.'
city, and it will stand a monumer.: t i i'i
pathy and love of the Sunday achoi s
for Chicago in tho hour of herdi,t-t--All
contributions to this end "h '.M
George H. Stuart, 13 Bank Sto r
phiz, Penn.
1IEXKT WAKtk ISEECHEn, 1.
Joins Hall. D. D.. New i
Josceii T. DmvtA, i l Hi
Geo. II. Stl-vrt, Pnilade j-S i
EowABn Eoolkston, New 1
JoHK WASaatlKEB, Phia-tt-'i
William Reisolth, I'e-rn
Alex. G. Ttsu, Peoria.
E. D. Jokes, St. Louis.
E. C. Wildlk, New Yor"..
1'OLITICAU
The Baltimore municipal election Tours
salted in the success of the Demccr its i
Reformers. Van Zandt, Democrat,
received 7.2U0 majority. In th- first
the City Council all are Democrats I,l:
is a lie former. In tbe second b-an
Democrats, except probably in one .list i
Repablicans had no ticket in the :i 1.1
ported the Reform ticket
Charles O'Conor declines to be a ea- 1
the Assembly, from New iork City
Mayor Kalbfliesch has aecepte-i tke r.
tion as Independent candidate f,r "j
Brooklyn.
Edwin Chasa, a well-known !urV r
Holyoke, Mass.. has reeeWed the 1'
nomination for Councilor in tli? E
Among the nominations c f th
Council of Political Reform, we
Senate those of O'Donovan ILssi t
patriot in the Fourth D.stnct. a.. I
Erastos C. Benedict, in the Fifth I'.
William M. Evarts is nominate 1 1 r -bly,
and O. P. C. Billings is a .an n I
sistant Alderman in one of the up- 'wn u
The official return of the la'e
was received at Columbus ir-lij N
(Rcd.i for Governor, has 1 --,-'7 M
(Dem.) 218.105 Stewar, ,p',n- ri.i -i
The total vote of the ate was I'.' M
The count Aust.a. Texas. ly thr, war
Limestone and Freest, ne ro-im c-, w'- :fe -v. i
!mocratic majoniv tf 1 leaa -(Rep.)
mtjority '.'IT in the Thira C.-it.-
District. A tpecia! o -patch says i it.
received the ceiti2ct: of tlection U
(Rep.) refuses to accept a certin.-a
ground that Haccc.& (Den re -v. -jority
f the vote.
Oisian E. Dodge has been nomina
temperance candidate for Governor of
The Detroit Po t tayt the proposii
Missouri Republican that the Demnc---
not nominate a candidate for Pn-si
year is only a choice of deaths."
The New Yolk Keening Pott, in -e
of a leading article reviewing th- 1
against Tweed and others of the asi'a- -as
devekped by tbe fxaminat.c-ao; ih
tions of tbe Broadway Bank., uses tin-,- s-
yet apparently just ezprsisic-.
'If there is moral force enough a
save our city, it will shrTr itstlf by Jn.--man
to the bar of jpsticc an b 1. 1 r. 1
the robber's cell. The danger t.ru' v
from his example, so long aa ne i. cr 1
enjoying tbe proceeds of v.s cn jie, .i
contemplate and the sight cf su-.. a rr ar r
free country asking and expectiLg t r e
suffrages il his fellow citizens, its 1 -n't
their representative and law make e w i
subjects republican institutions to" s"'"- 1
as no system cf government. 0r .1 1
s rung enough taz ts bear.'
It now turns oot tt tte story of the
cow spitefully ki jn2 a Ieroj Es 1
f
flinders, and th'
as causing
the Cbxago
flzgration, is sn s rajth. Tae owner ol L.
tlarJered tr, indignantly ..'enus the aspersua
cast upc h,r bovine pe. ia a caid to the pa
pers.-(0 that the great caliaity nist beat
k-juied to tome more commo" place origin
Those who believe the city wis burnc-l by emit
saries cf the defunct confederacy, w.d n ,w e a
brace the opportunity to veuti'ate t i-.r arm
ments. while others will insist, wit'isi.-i
of reason, that the fire was standi I.-i
for purposes of plunder. Maay s i.,
are inclined to tho opinion, however, v it
fire was the result of accident, and r a
than probable that it was ignited iiy spa- f
ths smoulderins embers of the prevuu nghts
eonflagration, the locality of which was near
by. In fact, tbe Saturday n ght fire was st
furiously burning, ia places when tbe other
broke out Many Evening Journal