Original Poetry.
Fr th- Free Te and Times.
t Urn. Uejily IH IlJrnnlMfr
Ris-ios, Vu, ic.
An' athy ran on old Vtravat.
An oy boy, do you eU- by
An' bear um buse the old .North fctar.
Poetry.
An never a word reply
Wiy. ii I'd a heard 'em stt out .oh trssh,
When 1 waa about your alas,
V.1 'ajiet palled off my frock and salJ,
Them Vre U b'astel lies M
w j'at 3 ou to hack a hundred year,
Ani tell 'cm the reason why
Them Yrkers kep blow In tip an down,
Nobody culd take old 7i.w
The sassl." wis steered bat ajfew of ou- Wy s
t ho wanted a little fan,
Went over Tore breakfast, one rainy day
In threo minutes the jb wai done.
Ar. 'Jif2 s,.5ie ninulej got into their heult -I
m blamed if I know how,
St KOWIWd U th Uni! botb id"
And they got up a pretty raw.
v n jest yoa ask them fellers thir.
If tboy hain't cerer been to d,
11 w their srandaddiet tried to wallop earn.
And h w bal the old men were Ml J
:t. It jest as you say, my iy,
Lett a these hots spurs alone,
V hunt cot the east Iron polish her.,
the coal-pit finish, I own
v- were'nt brought ap tn an iron tniae
V it, I believe it's a Cut.
i i we've get a sorter old fashloaed Mm
w a man ort ter act.
some of asn across th lalte,
KV .1 be glad tor have 'sua ootne
a t a few eorn-fed notions here.
i the way we lire tar ham.
ini we'll hire a debatin' e-lu
At s.t all the laaies oat
W we sbunld all fco! plagaoy glad
Per have m get up an tpia.
A'i' we r, ..n't call 'em boat thieves
A. M.ij, by way of jokes,
A' we th Mid b't anil U the hansom thing
TVr blander their women folks
won't 'boss all their nearest friends,
ir ic dunt see the fan,
i i. will tri to be quiet while they ulk.
At." wlien they're ilnr i tu.
For the tiM Prao and Tkaea.
Kllllnea.
cr JOU CAIR.
1 1 ih aljove tbe Talley cast,
1. Ke soaae r flit,
Uih above the Taliftf west,
imT oirn uinnmlitatrest.
!ster mnuntain, speak and tail
k li tlii.u stanCeat aentioftV
Watcljtog spris&tlr riears J -m
Ii the vallers tar below
lla thoa always proudly stood
sicca the time of Noah's fload T
l il'gt thon view the noatlax ark
And the motley erowd emtiark
lUa tbe noble creature, man,
K?er siroe old time began,
tB7jj uocn thy apleadld dome.
Vi lion tho wild beasts cow do roam
Tf.l uj if the niocn and san,
Alwa in their eircaituD.
lni they always set and rise
i n the west and eastern skies
lit" Mansfield' or Camal's Ramp1'
Krer made a sadden jamp
And tn thee a visit pay.
On any thsnksgivingday
Vt .ater's mow beats on thy sides,
0 sr whkh the eagla glides
N..Me bird that builds har seat
On the sammit of thy erasL
orecQ-cioiiataln high, mount fcublhaa!
Fatlier of old father time,
titand forever as of ore
fctand, till time shall be no a
Mnr -TieM t VI. Came's Ku .ap ami Sillisie;
n feet atiove tirie water
Uutlan 1, t.. llec. JJ.
.ISisceUaticoiis Jicmlht.
Similes. Grotesque and Comical.
A grotesque simile ia aometimea very cx-j.rc-Mve
We mention those of liantel
Velter, who likened the word "would" in
Kufua ChoateV handwriting, to a email grid
iron 6truck liy lightning; of a Bailo1- who
1 1 kened a gentleman wnow face waa covered
with wIiikcM up to bin very eyes, to a rat
peeping out of a hunch ol oakum; of a
W eM?rn reporter, who, in a weather item on
n culd day. said tbat the eun's rays in the
effort to thaw the ice were aa futile aa the
dull rcdex of a painted yellow dog; of a con
ductor, who. in a discussion as to speed, said
i he lat time he ran his engine from Syra
cuse, the telegraph poles on the side looked
like a fine tooth comb. imiles of a like char
acter arc often heard among the common peo
j l',and are supjioxd to he the peculiar prop
tr'.y l Western orators. Instances: As
sl. irp as the little end of nothing lug as all
out ooon-. it strikes me like a thousand
liriek. fr-lfk as grease or greased lightning;
melancholy as a Quaker meeting by moon
l.gli;, list .is a flounder: quick us a wink;
n t enough to make gruel tor a tijk grasshop
per, not I'iotbes enough to wad a gun; as
limp and limber as an India-rubber stove
pit?, uncanyaiacat in a strange garret;
:ict strong enough to haul a codfish o3 a
gudiron; after you. like a rat terrier after a
Wiipniunk squirrel, useless us whistling
jalms to a dead horse; no m jre than agrasb
I ipper wants an apron; don't make the dif
i reneo of a shake of a frog's tail soul bob
"iiig up and down to the boeini like a crasy
p j jisc in a pond of red hot grease; enthusi
v.m boiled over like a hjttle of ginger-pop;
impossible n penetrate his head as to bore
irjiigb Mont-Blanc with aboilci carrot, as
I'upjs-iMe as to ladle the ocean dry with a
Utn shell, or suck the Gulf of Mexico
through a goosc-quill, or to stuff butter into
n wild cat with a hot awl: or f i a shad to
limb up a shad-pule with a fresh mackerel
unJcr each arm. or for a cat to run up a
ive pipe with a teazle to its tail; or fjr a
man to lift himself over a fence by the straps
ot his boots. There is another class of simi
les scarcely aa pertinent, as for instance
straight as a ram's horn, it wilt melt m your
mouth like a red hot brickbat; talk to him
like a Dutch uncle; smiling as a basket of
i hipe, odd as Dick's hatband, happy as a
lam at high water, quicker than you can
say Jack Uubmson. like all possessed, like
lory, like all natur'; like all sixty, as quick
as anvthing: mad as hop; mad as Halifax;
sleep "like a top. run like thunder; deader
than a door-nail; getting along like two-forty
on a plank-road.
How Poetry gets Written.
A lyric conception my friend, the Poet,
-,'.,J hits me like a bullet in the forehead.
I have often had the blood drop from my
i hecks when it struck, and felt tbat I turned
,i- white as death. Then comes a creeping
.is of centipedes running down the spine
then a gasp and a great jnmp ol the heart
'hen a sudden Bush and a lieating of the bead
hen a long sigh and the poem is written.
Ir'S an impromptu. 1 suppose, then, if yon
uriteit so suddenly. I replied.
No. aiu be, far iroin said written,
in 1 did n i.' ""Y "'J""'- f'cry such poena
iui- -i i- mi and body, and it is the Iwuy of it
ir the copv, ttiat men read and publishers
pav i Ihc soul of it is Km in an instant
in 'the poet's soul. 1 come? to him a thought
tangled in tho meshes of a few sweet words,
words that have loved i'ch other from the
cradle of the laognage. b. have never wed
ded until now. Whether .!t will ever fully
embody itself in a bridal uin of a dozen
-tanns or not, is uncertain; b'lt it exiats po
tentially from the instant that the poet turns
alcwitbit. It is enough to st. in and scare
inybody, to have a hot thought cotne crash
into his brain, and ploughing up those
'irallcl ruts where the wagon train? of oom
1 ideas were jogging along in their regular
i icnces of association. No wonder the an-
ts made the poetical impulse wholly ex
t. mil
uou rwrrBY jii st i sin.
N w 1 tell you a poem must lie kept and
likea meerschaum, or a violin. A po
ii just as porous as the meerschaum the
ii. re porous it is, the better. 1 mean t J say
that a genuine tocm is capable of absorbing
in ndefiuite amount of the essence of our
an humanity its tenderness, its heroism,
regret-", its aspirations so as to be grad-
ally stained through with a divine seconda
ry color derived from ourselves, ho you sec
must take time to bring the sentiment of a
pjem into harmony with our naturo liy
straining ourselves through every thought
and image our being can penetrate.
Then, again, as to the mere music of a now
poem, why. who can expect anything more
t'rom that than from the music of a violin
fresh Irom the maker's hands Now you
know very well that there are no less than
t.fty-eight pieces in a violin. These pieces
are strangers to each other, and it takes a
vntury, tnoro or lees, to make them thor
oughly acquainted. At last they learn to
vioratc in harmony, and the instrument be
comes an organic whole, as if it were a great
seed capsule that had grown from a garden
bed in I'rcmona. or elsewhere. Besides, the
wood is juicy and full of sap Tor fifty years o
so, but at the end of fifty or a hundred more
gets t ilerably dry and comparatively reso
nant. Don't you tee that all this is just as true or
a poem'' Counting each word as a piece in
n average opy i verses than in a violin.
The poet has lorced all these words together
and listened them, and they don't under
hand it at Erst But let the pnem be repeat-
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII
ed aloud and murmured orcr in the mind's
muflled whisper often enough, and at length
tho arts become knit together in such abso
lute solidarity that jou oould not change a
syllable without the whole world's crjing out
against you for meddling with tho harmoni
ous labris. Observe, too, Iioiv

v tho drying
ofapoemjufit
jtroeefw takes place in the stuff ci
a-" in trial 01 a violin.
Hmnorsome.
Toe Mobile Tnr,tm .ii
'MoRtS?merJrai''?'lfS'or8
aro investigating the bottom or the marsh and
r.ier preparatory to building their brid-e.
ror this purpose scows are moored in the
river to accommodate working partiee. A
steamboat passing the scow the other day, a
It1ger hailed one of the negroes at work
What are yoa doing
'Iloring a hole,' was the reply.
What lor?' 1
'Don't know; they jess set luc to lure, an'
t'se a boring
The Essex Statesman says a lioy in South
Dan vers wrote the following camposition
upon his native ton, which it thinks is very
good for a schoolboy -outh Danvera is in
the United States." It is bounded by Salem
and reaches to Middletown. Its principal
river is (ioldthwaitc's Itronl- 1!M.
I into Kfltoni ll-l,,.- It i ii.
7. .iwi. ii., piiuoijKii ma;? is ioe
niiil pond, which is dry in summer. Its prin
cipal productions are leather, onions, South
Church and George Peabodf. Sooth Dan
vers has many religious sects, among which
are the Orthodox, who worship the minister,
the Spiritualists, who worship everything
and the I nitarians, who worship nothing'
Congressmen arc gathering from near and
from far; the trumpet is sounding congres
sional war; the lobby is assembling so hun
gry and strong, and all the correspondents
arc marching along. Lowell Courur.
Mummies do not look as though they were
in a hurry, yet it is certain that at first they
must have been pressed for time.
Of course. Miss Aleott's 'Morning Glories'
ar1 very different from her 'Little W'omen;'
because morning glories occasionally shut up
while' Yes. Dorabclla. dear, coming 1 1 .v.
To flatter persons adroitly one. mutt know
time thingswhat they art, and what they
think they a re .and what thev want other
people 1 1 think they are
Hiawatha id to have a cjunterpart in a
new poem. Ijow Water,' bhowing how the
btabri of Tweed (no all union to the H road way
and the Tenth Nations!) an-not ho full as
they oner were r.rchantjr.
you lire ing to keep a bchod! said
ft joun lady to her maiden aunt. 4 Well,
for ni) jhirt. hooner than do that I would
marry a widower with nine children. I
woold prefer that myself," was the quiet re
ply; hut where'a the widower?
The 1t)r who wished he was a fountain so
that be might he J laving, didn't reflect that
a fountain due?nt play unless it works well.
Why is luttennilk like something whieb
uerer happene i BeAute it hasn't a curd,
(oecarred)-
A friendly word of warning to honct New
Yorkers Ju'lgc not, lest you he a Judge.
A fat man may be a gross man, hu; a man
who sella tea, coffee, and spices, h a grocer.
We head tbi one 4An Ohio Kpitaph" on
ft highly respcctaMe authority
Uaiirr th s od
An't uml"r the tree,
Lietli the bo-
y ut boioaioo Passe.
He's net Id tMj bole.
But rnly hi pot
He iheUd (tit hi eoui
Ant went op to hii tied.
One of our vicinity deaeons nearly captur
ed fire hoys who had been derestating his
eheetnut trees, nnday afternoon. Shaking
hi St after their retreating forms, be angri
ly shouted "The sneaking little devils if I
had hold of 'cm one minute I'd and then j
suddenly espying his pastor on the scene, he
impiessively added, I'd rray for 'em." j
1 anbury AVtr.
An out West man lately came to New i
York, and took lodgings at one of the high
house Telling the waiter be wished to be 1
called in the morning for the boat, both of
them proceeded on their winding way up
ward, till, harm? arri cd at tbe eighth flight
of stairs, HooMcr caught the arm of his guide
and accosted him :'iua "L-wk here, stranger
if you intend to call mo at mx o'clock in the
morning, you nnv as well do :i now, as 'twill
be that t.me fiefure I cm get down again.
Lidlingttin churchyard, VVarw ickshiro
In instsoT t.Iiaa T.-vo, who a.sd 1
Poorly ami poorly ile I
Po rl boned and no one cryed.
li'canoi are the dosi which die in tbe Ion.
V Pi.iilipV churchyard, Birmingham.
fa memory ut .Namtt Staler. wh departed
th i ilia Ma 4th, l-l i. acl J- cr. Themljert
wn. tn ever in thia k i n r1 om po- jwi witli every
reooiln)t jiunt ouiy incJe-t lnji. A ai'ivo ut
Au.- r i
Mark Twain in bin lecture on Artemas
Ward tells the following ptory ol him
When Artemas was very young he and a
young c 'inpanian got hold of a pack of cards
and learned to play eucher. Artemas was
perfectly fascinated with the game and play- i
ed it as often a he hd an opiurtunity, but
it bad to Im? dune on t!ic t-iv, and he hud to
hide tne cards) from hi parents. jwhcn be
was looking around fur a place to Ii:de tbem,
an old in i nib ter came to the hoiiM and the
boys thought the safest place where thev
could put the cards was in the pocket of the
minister V black gown, tinder tae very iegis
of the church. I don't know what a;gis
memic, but it'r: a good word and I tmpnoee
it's all right. Well, the old minister was
called on to baptise a comert, and as he went
down into the water wearing the gown, the
cards Itegan to come up to the Mirfacc and
float off. The Itoys who were on the bank
watcbing,thougb in great fear, kept their
eyes on the cards. As it happened, there
came up nrst two bowers and three ace. Of
course the boys were thraehed, and an old
aunt of Artemas' proceeded t lecture him on
the enormity of his crime.
"Why," raid she, 4ijuet imagine how the
poor man must have felt when he saw the
cards coming up I should hac thought he
would have fainted, and I don't see how he
ever got out."
44 Well," said Artemas, "I don't sec how
be could help going out on such a hand a
that."
Wine atTw.i Mimionsa Bottle Wine
at two millions a bottle is a drink that in ex
pense would rival the luxurious tastes ol har
baric splendor .when costly pearl swere thrown
into the wine cup to give flavor to 1 teem ten t. I
I he h rem-h Courier speaks of a wine which 1
graced the tab e of the King of Wurtcmbcrg,
wh.cli wits depitcii in tbe oelUr at Bremen 1
two ivntunes ago. Uue large e&te of the 1
wine, containing five or oxhoft of 204 bottles
cost oOO rix dollars in I Including the
expense of keeping up the cellar, and of tbe
amounts, and interests up in interests, an ox
hoft co-ts at the present time .",m,537,G10
rix dolls rp ,and consequently a bottle is worth
2,723,812 rix dollars a glass, or the
eighth part of a Untie is worth
.r40,47j nx dollars, or 272,280; or at tbe
rate of o40 rix dollar, or 272 i-erdrop. A
burgomaster of Hremeo i-i privileged to have
one bottle whenever lie entertains a distin
guished guest who enjoys a German or Euro
pean reputation. The" fact illustrates the
operation of interest, if it dxs not show tbe
cost of luxury.
MoNLjttENTTM lii Kjn u A young German,
named A. Burkbardt, Ins ooneeired a happy
plan for commemorating the great fire at
Chicago in something ot a renlkttc way. His
design is to creet in one or tbe public parks a
tower about 100 feet in height, which shall
be surmounted by a phfenix. Tho tower to
bo built from foundation stone to ttirret with
blocks of fctone or brick taken from the prom
inent buildings destroyed by the fire. On
each of these blocks the name of the building
from tho ruins of which it was taken is to bo
conspicuously engraved. That all these
names may be seen by the curious of future
yearf, the top of tbe tower ia reached by an
exterior winding stairway, m constructed
after the type of the Arebimedian pcrew as to
make it appear part of tho proposed tower.
To Wake Glosst Suibts. Put a little white
wax in your starch, say two ounces to tbe pound;
then, if you use any tbin patent starch, be sure
you use it warm, otherwise it will get cold anl
gritty, and spot your linen, giving it the ap-
pet ranee of bring slained with grease. It is1
difle rent with collar starch it can be used quite 1
cold however, of tbat anon. Now, then, about
poll hid g shirts starch the fronts aud wrist- 1
bands as stiff as ycu can. Always starch twice
that Is, starch and dry; then starch agrin.
Iron your ahirt in the usual way, making the 1
linen nice and fi-m; bat without any attempt at
a good finish; don t lift the plaits; your shirt is
now ready for polishiog, but you ought to have 1
a Dcard the same size aa a common ah irt board
made of hard wood, and covered with only one
ply cf plain cotton cloth. Put this board into
the breast tf your shirt, damp the f rent very
lightly nth a wet sponge, then tike a polUh
ing iron which is flar, and berried a little at cce
end-poluh gently with the beveltd pirt, tak
ing care not to drive the linen op into ware
like blisters; of course, this requires a little
practice, Dut if you are carelal. and perserere,
i i
TT3 Z'". be aMe t0 6"
oieu seeaw to be so much
Home Honrs.
1 710 1!ltIe B"U- n ciKM ,nJ ten J"r "'J.
wae gravely discu..ioK the aueslion of we-iir
ear-ringe. Oae thought it was wicked. The
other was jure it could not be, for bo ntny good
people wear them. The other replied, "Hell,
I don't cre; if it an't wicked God would
hate made the holea ia oarear?
44 1 declare, mother, stid a pretiy little girl,
in a pretty little wy, 44 tis too had. You al
ways enJ me to Led when I am not slejpy, and
you aliraja maiie me get up when I am eleepy l"
The Amerieus (Ga Republican alludes to a
colcTrt legislator thus Tail Joiacr, colorM
member elect to the lower house of the Legis
lature from Dougherty, ii in town, a witness in
the Page esse cow pending He is rather a
good lookiog mulatto buck, and would probably
have bronght Q500 in hard cah iu slavery
times
A country pedagogue hai two pupils, to one
of whom he was partial, and the other setere.
One morning it happened that both of thfpe two
boys were late, and werecalltd to account for it.
4 Yoa must have beard the bell, bojs why did
jou not came 44 Please, sir. s ud the favor
ite, I was drraniin that I was goin to Cali-
luruj, ana l tnuug.it tne choo!-teJl was the
steamboat bell as I was gjingic." 4 Very well,
said the master, glaj of any pretext to txeute
his fa Tor i te. 41 And now, sir, turning to the
other, 44 what have you to ps'" Please,
sir' said the puzzled cov. il 1! was waiting
to see Tom off.
Rev. Mr. bad traveled fir to preach to a
congregation at After the sermon be
watted very patiently, evidentlv expectine pome
of bis brethren to invite him to d.oner. In this
he was disappointed. One after another de
parted until the church was almoet as emotv as
the ministers stomach. Summoning resolution,
however, he walked up to an elderly looking
gentleman, and gravely said 44 Will you go
home to dinner with me to-day, brother?"
44 Where do you live 44 About twenty miles
from this, sir." No." said the man colorinir.
44 bat you must go with me." 41 Thank you 1
will, cheerfully After that time the minister
was no more troubled about his dinner,
Some Paris fishermen lately raked up from
the mud of the Seine what proves tc be an anti
que vase of the purest style. It is of an ovoid 1
form, and the embossing represents a dance cf
patyra and bacchantes beautifully executed. The
material of which the work is composed is the
Corinth bronze, the secret of which has been
lost, and which in Seneca's time, was already
worth several times its weight in gold. The
valuable object juit found is supposed to date j
from the occupation of Lutetia by the Ifgioci of 1
Cxtar and Labienus. J
Recently, at an entertainment not a thoutsnJ t
miles from lie ton, after a sentiment, The
Memory of Daniel Webster, bal been announc
ed, the band astonished all present by perform- j
bag Molly, pat the kettle on," the leader hav
ing misunderstood the text of the toast By a j
similar accident anotherband selected a few Sars
of 44 Old Folks at Home to play afcer a sent.- j
ment in respect to the memory cf deceased asso
ciates. A Connecticut lady who cool Ja t persuade her
husband toget heraratent clothes-dryer, took
the pole out from her old-faphionel line the oth
er evening, and crouching down by the fence
screamed 44 murder In an instant her starr
led lord came fitinr nut nf the kanv. wm
caught across the throat by the close line and I
hefor be could recover himself it had netrlv
sawed his head off The next morning a som
bre looking chip, with his neck all done up,
was seen putting up a patent clothes-dryer in
that yard.
Neither God nor man expects a wife to sub
mit to brutality, but a woman who finJiog her
self outgrowing her husband, or disappointed in
him, yet takes up her cross and, fitting her
shoulders to it, bears it in silence to her life's
end, has joys that the world knows not of, and
aui reaches the highest type of womanhoi.
When Plato was told that he had many ene
mies who spoke ill of htm, be replied It is
no matter, I shall live so that nubd wiilbelnve
them When Anaximander was told thai the
Hogbed at his singing. '4 Ah said he,
then I must learn to stng better.
Mr. Fields in his lecture on cheerfulness, des
cribes a man so shut in with dignity and delu
siveness that when you shake bands with him
you always feel as if y-m were doinc it through
a knot-hole.
t The tedious session of the Sjpreuie Court v
1 Pittsfield was relieved by an incident, one day
I last week, tbat drew a little smde. A leading
j member of the bar, rather noted for bis atra'e
gy of confusing witnesses by working tbe in mic
s passion, bad under cross-examination a w
I man who teemed an apt aurject for his favorite
tactics having wound her up to the desired
pitch, be inquired, 14 Madam, are you now hv
ing with your first or seconl husband
j 44 That's none of your business sharp and
short With an air of offended dignity, the at
torney turned to Chief Justice Brigbam, who re
marked, with a tin i.e. I think tbe witness is
about right in that, is she not?" Which re
minds the older members of the bar of a simi
lar mis-adventure that a still more distinguish
ed member of tbe Berkshire bar once met at the
handsof Chief Justice Shaw. 41 Where did you
get the money with which you made the pur-
h.H atutlrM Hlr.a.1 tk. A.rn&l kM,k
of a witness under tbe tortures of cross-exam
nation. 44 None of your (gentle expletive) bu
siness thundered the victim. 44 Now, may it
please you, are counsel to be insulted in ibt
manner'" appealed the lawyer. 44 Witness,"
said the Chief Justice, compassionately, 41 do
you with to change ycur last answer No,
r,I don't 44 Well I wouldn't if I were in your
place'" And the chuckle that hook the bench
was audibly echoed.
Massacre or Medical Sri-hcns is Havana.
Tbe Havana correspondent of the N. V. Timet
gives the following details cf the recent court
martial and shooting of eight young medical
students in tbe Havana University. It will t
understood that tbe "volunteers" alluded :o
are Spaniards, enlisted in the Spanish army in
Cube, while tbe 44 Cabana are Cuban revolu
tionists
Like all other stadents, tbe medical students of
II avast, are very lively, noi?y and full of mischief.
On Thursday last the medical class, on entering
the room, were informed tbat no lecture would be
given that day, as tbe professor of anatomy was
unwell. The class, composed of young men and
boys, immediately left tbe college, when one of
me numDer, proposed to jump orer the cemetery
walls in tbe rear of the college, and have some
fUB. All atrrMttf. and In fw nnmmti tha
whole party was inside. After reaming around 1
tor a few minutes, they met before the Tault in
which Gonzilo Castanon, whom the Spaniards
venerate as a political martyr, and who ws
L.IUrl V. I'tik, m t S TV I" I J
Whatever mav hive temnted thrw.mmo- rnl,
tbey forgot for a moment that they were gentle-
men and Christians, and committel an act which
8t a'i times would have been reprehensible, but
ncn cocswenng tne circumstances and the
esteem in which Cast anon 's memory is held by
tbe Spaniards, was insine Some of them defiled
the grave by breaking the glass of the urn in
which Carta non's remains repose, scattering
tne wreains nung mere ny menus, and tear-
ing up tbe sod in front of the grave. The j
height of their senseless and profane behavior
was reached when they
stone the following
wrote on the tomb- j
Gnnxalo CasUncn tuner to en tierrs eetrata
For tus pecadat de U vil Etpana."
(Gonzilo Caitamm, wbo died in a fu reign
land, suffering for the crimes of vile Spain.
There waa another verse which was so vol gar
and indecent that I am compelled to emit it The
priest in charge of the cemetery heard the noise
and approaebel them, remonstrating with them.
but he was forced to retire, the youne men fir
ing stones and filth at him, anl hooting and
yelling like so many demons. They then went
home, and the matter was noM about hun
dreds of people went to see the tomb and read
the scrawl The priest at once preferred
charges.
1IIE ARRESTS.
When Governor Roberts, acting executive,
heard of the affair, he went to the Medical
School on Saturday, when all the students were
assembled, and demanded the names of the ring
leaders, but nobody spoke. Public indignation
was rising rapidly. All were marched off to the
public jail, and placed in a large room by them
selves, separate from the rest of the prisoners.
Three or lour of tbe young men then declared j
who had been the ring-leaders iu the business,
and before night rir students had been place! ia
solitary confinement, and on bunday their num
ber waa swelled to eight. Tbe court martial fol
lowed, by which the eight, were sentenced to be
shot, and thirty-one others to bs imprisoned lu
the penitentiary at bard labor for from four to
sis years.
lilt RJtCCrJTIO.t.
At 4 o'clock a detachment of volunteers was
seen to issue from the jail, closely followed by
several priests, by tbe students sentenced to
death, and by the commander of the place. Cob
Villalosga. Not a sound was heard, the young
men thus cruelly sentence 1 to meet an early and
sudden deith marching firmly; for ear J, expres
sing their regret to Cob Villalcnga at the act
which they bad committed, stating also to tbe
priests that it was simply done in a spirit of live
liness, and not with any political b'as, forgiving
tboselwbo had shouted for. and were now obtain- I
ing their blood insuchaa nnjast manner, and
hoping to meet their Maker Their steps never I
faltereJ, and many a spectator's heart bled to tee
eight young men, hardly out of their teens, pas
siog by on their way to another world. They
knelt down, muttering aprayer, the firing party
of the volunteers itas drawn up in order, the
Luuuiiuu iu ica-iv naa aim-jet triiisucrcu,
the commudiiig offieer of the tolnnteer. tnrn-
ing hii head aside to hide his emotion. Then
command to mate reajy was almost w&ispered
came another short command to take aim.
mediately followed by the fatal word, fire,
when all were seen lying on the ground, four
motionkff, sod fUir ia the last agonies, from
which kindly bullets relieTcd them. If the Courts
had not been influenced by the pressure cf the
volunteer?, they would all have escaped with a
few 3 ears in the penitentiary or jaltl Immedi
ately after the execution the bodies were taken
to the new cemetery, ihsre guarded by a detach-
ment of volunteers, and then buried after the
ineuiua m iuis coumrv iur jwr juruptc sou ani-
mals, namely, four in one hole and without ccf- i
fin?. No disturbance of any tied took place J
then or up to the wJ, and none is expected. i
he tii bans pay mat tne uovernment nas
ceased to eiiet, and that the mob intimidates the
people. Tber are partly rizht, but it must be
confftwd that the volunteer officers had exoeed-
inply hard work to restrain their men from com
mitting other astf The execution of these stu
dents baa thrown a pall upon the whole city.
Thousands I may say, who hitherto were either
neutral or even sided with the Spaniards, have
become their bitter enemiep. Many families are
in mourning. A general feeling of disgust per
vades the community, and many Spaniards who
have grown-up sons are makio preparations to
leave the island, fearful that their eons may com
promise themselves Nearly all the youths exe-
cuted are sons of Spaniards anl volunteers
Meeting: of tho National Wool Grow
ers Association.
A meeting of the National Wool Growers
Association will be held at Syracuse, N
December 1871, at 12 o'clock m. The prin
cipal objects of the meeting will be to take into
consideration the present state of the wool inter
ests of the country tne effect produced on those
interests by the Wool and Woolen Tariff of 67 -and
the proper means to counteract the effort
now organizing to procure the repeal of that
Uw in the ensuinc session of Congress It is
hoped the State Wool Growers Asfociaiioc,
whese members are also members of the National
Association, will be well represented in the meet
ing. The invitation to attend is a!so ei tended
to all wool growers, wool manufacturers, and
other persons interested in those industries, of
whatever State they maybe residents, who are
favorable to the objects of the meeting Gent'e
men from other States besides New York are te
o nested to report themselves on their arrival, to
tbe Sesretary, at the Syracuse House.
Hejcst S rUxDALL. PreVt N. W. G Ass'd
Cortland Village, N. V Nov 'J 171
Linn .VoMnrox. in Muir Thf people f
the State of Maine arc waking up to tUc fact that
a huge 1st 1 monopoiv is estahhsbel in their i
borders It appears that in 1S,I the Legisla
ture of Maine made a grant to tbe European and
Nurth American railway of all the public lands
on the waters of the Penobscot and St. Johot
reserving only such ae had leeu already set
apart for the purposes of settlers and schools.
These lands were in the counties of Penobscot,
Aroostook and Somerset, and embraced b'Hw"
acres, or 1-a) square miles, a- i a -i st
equal to the state of Rhode I-'an 1 1 i-i 1
tbe railroad demanded tti'! rn t ar 1 't ir
derstood that k change uai V tp i u w t
ing of the grant, so that t t t 1 1 e- t 1 .an !c
which the state had h 1 p i m t nstrv.
tion were trtnjferre
corporation, thong I
iiov. Chamber! mi
of the facts by t
now sued a te"
hich they
"I 00'
tiers in tb
Totai
of the 1
sun, w
South T V
I.,
The t'r
i exp't- a-
meii, h 1 1
NV- ii I
me'ir t i-
tut 1 'I, r
with i' i
anti f i
the i j s-,
defi-.
the i a -n
ber. i
tioi i i-
to r. i iif,
1 yer ba trrm.'
with
Iclia, 'a
can be
cimmufc if
t: ins 1 1 i r
wttbin a
im is p'aci
by this gen r
1 sc.ence, an i
and sucsefu
tf r nee
tt.i
f U t-
i; I ir
p ri' i.f'
i tha
i- a 'i 1
rt't-a' 1 i
Tiik La Li ei i i i
rte New Orl-an.- Ii
lishei by tae latr L
edited by oce of hit
Govern r was never ,ti a
thus exploding the rouievr
that he i.li escaped tr m
vertiaeJ in c msequenc i
Ptejy newspaper ti-
mt an 1 L r
r iuih iy in
t:-': itf t
1 j j a :.-tt.i
man of coVr named Jame 1 a .n a
Vfgima, and worked ia Sew
years as a ptse carpenter in tL- t -Theatre
Tr.e statement that G
large pioperty n also denied. Ht w is
poor uau a fact greatly to bin credi.
f mini
in i l
it
inaMinii
as latterly b" tnjjyej rare upp-ortunu
rich liimeelt by eMling his inlluenc- to tb
iuattendsmat the leg's'ative session"
VauMovr's FoniTi: Poet Ofbcer McDon
ald of the Tn.rd prtc.nt, Troy, N. presented
to Justice Donahue a jolly looking old f-'llow, on
We-lnesday, wh b.M thi- d.ihgus with the
magistrate
Justice W Lst'p ir name
Old Ftllow loin Djlan, anl T nvr was
ashamed nor afrai i of ,t yet
Justice Where do you belong
Old Fellotv In Kairhaven, Vt., aud nay the
Ljrd look to me, I'm to my way ti fat'eton
for work'
Justice Weil, go 1 1 Cattleton
Old Fellow (s-haking han Is with the
Justice),
Fare thrr well.
But not forever
But if fumer,
S:ill forever fare tbee well.
As IaviDEST. In the spring of lb'15 I waa
s'oppine to New York citv. and when the new
came of tbe fall of R chmond, the pcop'e rushed
fmtn their nisi nf U'.tl iv,n:.M
and other adjacent streets, and soon completely
blocked tbem up, and called for speeches. Sev-
1 I i im uvrt MiEuumoneu meii came lurwaru
and congratulated us on tbe close of the war
t L. a a
u hnut fifiv.r. i.i ....i ,k-
of the Custom Honae aud began to speak. He
bad jua fairly ho.in where the crowd called
out Wbo are jou Ylii talk we'.1, but we
don t know yoj.
Stepping forward a tnfle.be answered in clear
ringing tones. I am the man who endorses all
of Uncle Sam'", notes, anl thank GJ, not one
has ever been protested."
It ia needless to add tht h n nthr tln
the Hon. L 1. Chittenden, of Burlington, Regis-
ter of the Treasui y. Being a Green Mountain
Boy, you can imagine that I felt a pride I never
wi oeiore, ana couia not help thinking ol uu
J Ethan Allen, of Ticonderoga fame, ami com par
I ing hlin with the man who endorsed all of Code
Sms cotes.
Di'Asrcors CosFUGEATrov at IlaaaasTOw.v.
MaRTLiND A fire broke out Wednesday even-
S1., U"Ee"town, Md., in the business house
w. aiuiaiUB u OUiUAUl, oil .1U11CISUI UUCCl,
posite the Baltimore Ohio Railroad depot, and
rapidly spread to tbeadjicent buillings. The
Episcopal church and court houe were burned,
but ail tie public records were saved. Several
lives were lost by the falling of ths court bouse
dome, snd a number of other persons were se
verely injared. Tho fire was still ragiog Thurs
day, with a heavy wind from the southeast. The
origin of the fire is unknown. The court house
was uninsured.
Gold at 109 S 4 touches the lowest point since
July, 1S62, the suspension cf specie payments
having occurred in January of that year. The
highest price pail fr gold during the war wis in
July. 1664. when it broueht2H5. The nresent
weakness in the premium it doubtless largely
owing to the large amount of gold comtog upon
the market Nearly ten millions have already
been disbursed from the U S. Treasury in pay
ment of the redeemed bonds of 18C2 which were
called mon tbe first of this month, and probably
some three millions more will follow on the same
aooount, while the January interest on tbe put-
j 11c ueui win laruw aoouc twenty-three millions
additional upon the market A large amcunt of
dipped home or drawn against by bills' cf ex-
change As foreign exchange rules below the
shipping point of gold, there will be no export
of specie at present, and all indication now
pcint to a continncd depression in the gold
market.
WtDdall Phillip, rriteratr, hi, -omnion that

nounj ny me rules that govern gentlemen;" we
meeaiy dot in our own rwnair, and tn behalf or
our editorial brethren eentlv renlv in the ver.
nacular of the day, You know how It Is your- 1
stif' Watchman und Reflector I
BURLINGTON, VT., FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15,
Gcncrai Iocal .IVrir,?.
VERMONT NEWS.
ADDISO.V COUSTT.
Rev. A. F. Bailey of Middlebury, Mrs. SIo
cum and Leverett WilUns of Rutland, are dis
cussing the subject of spiritualism through the
columns cf the MidJlebury Registtr.
The last severe cold weather has frozen Lake
Dunmore over its whole surface. In the re
membrance of the oldest inhabitants in its n
cinity, such an event has never happened so
earlj in tho season before.
People crossed Lake Champlaia, last week, at
Lirabee's Point, in Shoreham, on the ice, with
horses and eleiehs. Very seldom has such a
thing happened before at this icason of the year.
EE5SIS0T0X COUXTT.
Bennin-ton is having a temperance revival
The citizens of ReaJsboro had quite a bear
bunt a few days since. Two bears making their
sppearance on the farm of David Currier,
within a short distance of his bouse, tbe old
bear hunters started out in pursuit, and tracked
them in the light snow most of the day. but did
not get a sight of them. Two days after they
were seen again, and there was a general turn
out of the bear hunters. After a few hours
hunt, tbe old bear was phot by Daniel Bishop
The bear dressed two hundred pounds. The
cub was not killed. Among the most active cf
tbe hunters was Stephen Bishop, who is ninety
three years old, father of Daniel Bishop, and
who has been one of tbe greatest bear hunters in
his day. having killed over forty with his own
hands.
The Troy Prett says Seth B. Hunt, Esq., has
bought tbe entire interest in the mills of the
Bennington Manufacturing Company.
The celebrated case of Knos Adams ts. the lt
National Bank of Benmogton, is now on at
trial at Bennington, before Judge Wheeler. A
number of the leading bank cashiers in the State
have been summoned as wit testes.
C A LIPOMA CODXTT.
Patrick Fabey, an employe on the Lamoille
Valley railroad, bad a leg smashed from the
knee down, on Saturday, by carelessness of some
of the employees while handling rails.
raasKLix coistv
A burglarious attempt lo do a pretty big
thing in Mr. Olmsted's store. Olmsted Fal'ip,
SLv'don, Sunday night, resulted in getting only
a barrel or two of thur, owing to inability to get
any fa: (her than into the bafeoient.
The adjourned term of the Franklin Cuittv
Court closed its sepsion on Mon lay af:ern. m
OEA.NGK COUHT.
H. 1. Steel, Esq son-in-law of Calvin Pea
body, of East Topeham, but a resilent of Den
ver City, Colorado, lost $15,003 in tbe late Chi
cago Arc. The money was deposited in one of
tbe Chicago banks, previous to buying ood
with the same foi his trade.
0BLKAK9 COUTTT.
The iiw mill in Barton belonging to J. P.
Baldwin, was burned last week. Loss estimated
about S 1000 only partially insured.
Miss Elizi Lyman of East Greenboro, Vt.,
haa contracted to furnish the lumber for tbe
water tank ar. U'i t i i lint t'ia! an- f r
tn be coiiSTji 1
UlI
that
t1 LilllM'1
The r lei
f. r two i i
If c
n H irt n
ra
,'ri. 1 t.e ii
ln 1 on te
1
rasl urk'i L rtfj
'reel
ar.it ii
1 w r i I
t I-
st "itji
s uiui ar I
attai-. i Vit t
brrs Witt, tn
at Wb. 1
.C't 1 ter at i
a i:p r. :1 1
i y is
frt-'
rt a I II
1 1 tit an
The "r'cv
W 11 hi, 1 tic
t'ie Vitint N
f Di'cemt r
Tlie ret- ieo
a t nrce 1
l miity
t.ext
I.
uart. r
i" a- L
t.'Mr
Tut t it) i. lt'i'
k cti lit
k. and Joht t
tlif r al t- :wtfn South li ir Iw
a jr-t.i r$ee a'ac t::tfj u; .o a
s'iy r. .rth'T i rm j 11- j
wst jes aL e-. rew, a. 1 ml i
'i'M(fc n aa the cn- .ft n
1 P'Vlf j
:t.q
I.a-;
li
at:.
In1'
'n i
Wa
t cf ury
Kt IH
riav a t
1 Lie-'1!!' a
m- 1 I', j'tv
iru
hat
f L" I
lermi'iat e n
rt- i'fl in i
w -tl. f rh'Sar
t'ie M biifa- r."--Lp
i f i. .1 1 3i, ar?
i 1 hl ith. ii u
!ge .N 1
1 tl, Oil- T I I l P II J
1
in f-ia.in; r the r new 1 wn
t w in rr i. the Uu;' 1 It w
r.n ibe 1 It w,'1 ac i-la'e
I er tSit "in t e p kt 1 o X'
Ha 1 vr.'i
r 'e the nil
-ri M
peo
n t an in
vtn can a. 1
lit
an 1 e h pe the
pe
frtt
1
t lull pu.n "anonp, at. i pe: V b
I; ti- jurse f free leTu'-i tint w.il in 1 ji j i jr
uuog men tiexchtce th 1 it a u i f
iL.eil.:ng in lai' ng a: I su taM'.
'u ittir la, tliO 1 h r.lt r M I'-u'ijci.
i f S'lrew-l urv, ti un I tne tr ik f 1 lack, 1 1 sr
ar 1 f ii wed un'l e m i lj to t -j. s 1
t t th it at h,m. w th it I ;:z i-v t u c
jut-j i he nur-u t air ki rt up t li v e Imfl i
wh-'n .Ir 1'iUtuley, mtft.ei ry Li Mr 1
.t iTu m 1 iptah 1'arkt r, all M. t'wtiury.
ig t n su ctedl in o'.ert lung h's b-ar-hip. an t
oieneltre mhi,i After nine sn ts bail en-ti-rtd
the b i iy, h c Warsh'p finally puocumbed
t his ineviiah'e fate and pave up the ghost
I he carcass weihel u pounds.
WIXDHAH COUSTT.
"Hon Clark, the well-known hair dresser of
Brattleboro for tea years past, his sold out, and
is to devote himself entirely to the manufacture
or uts preparations lor the bair.
The library rooms of the Young Men's Chris- I
tian Association, of Brattleboro, have ben
turned into a billiard room.
It is said tbat twenty tons of turkeys were
shipped Irom Brittleboro daring the two or
three days preceding Thanksgiving.
I The citizens of Fayetteville have purchased a
fire extinguisher.
Barney Gallup, formerly proprietor of tbe
stage line from Brattleboro to Jacksonville and
North A Jams, was found frozen dead between
hio house (about a mile out of Brattleboro vil
lage) and Jacksonville, Wednesday morning of
last week.
J. Estey Co., of Brattleboro. are preparing
to extend their works by adding two mote fac-
fom,.tt thei QTS works in the spring, mak
t ing eight shops and employing eighty more
men. iney nave now on their order book l,2UO
organs ahead of their stock.
Dr. Char lei Jewett, the eteran temperance
lecturer, lectures in the principal towns of
Wind him county this week and next.
Athens has a patent swindle ease. Last winter
an agent came along with a patent
machine knife grinder, and Herbert Clark
signed a note, which be says he erpec ed to pay
when he sold a certain number cf the machines.
The Middltbury man has now appeared and
wants t-Jou, which hemg reiuteJ, he has sued
for acJ lne case gees to the county court
t r Tolm.n .a .n.1 Ki;n.i
J. C. Tolman, pA and blind manufacturer
of Bellows Falls, generously presented eaoh of
his workman with a Thanksiising turkey.
About forty persons signed the temperance
pledge at the close of a lecture recently delirered
at Rockingham, by Richard Grogan of Brattle
boro. The Messrs Rusiell of Billons Falls, have de
cided to build another paper mill in addition to
those tbey have already built the past season.
It is to be built near or on the site of the old ircn
foundry.
Wm TruttPlT- a ,,-lfmir nn th V..' t-.tl.
I road, was lately severely injured t-y being
struck on the forehead by a bridge near Putney
j station, while standing upon a freight car. The
j top of his bead was completely scalpel half
I an inch higher and he would probably have
been instantly killed, while half an inch lower
he would probably have escaped all harm. He
belongs in Charleston, N. II., and be willl
probably recover.
The Vermont Central have recently covered
their bridge at Bellows Falls with tin, which
will insure it against fire,
WINDSOR COCSTY.
A little seven year old girl, daughter of Jo
eiah G. Bennett, of Royal ton, while la a
neighbor's house the other day, was attacked by
a pet dog and badly bitten about the mouth
and cheeks, one tooth piercing the skin so nearly
as just barely to save the eye.
A fire in Plymouth last week destroyed a
turning shop used for tbe manufacture of pitch
fork handles. Los", about S-,000 insured
for 81. 000.
The annual musical convention of the Black
River Musical Association, is to be held at Lud
low, cn th- 12tb, 13th, 14th and 15th of De
cember. Prof. John P. Morgan, of New York,
has been engaged to conduct it, and Prof. T. B.
Ryder, of Host on, is to take charge of the in-
"rumeatal ma.ic Grand caawrt ThuraJa, and
-j
uc venouaii vcmrat win carry passengers tor
"IC u" ""j
Henry Martin, of Rochester, caught an eagle j
which measured six feet firs ioches from Up to i
tip of its wings.
For the Free Prsss and Tlrcej.
E;sf.x. Your correspondent is pretty well
satiaSed that for size, and number of inhabitants,
Essex has more grog-ihops than any town in the
county, if not in the State, h has three hotels,
one drug-shop aud several 44 groceries' where
the 44 critter cau be procured, besides the regu
lar legal agency which is supposed to sell only
as a 44 medicine. One to every tiro hundred
inhabitants is about the ratio. Is there any
town in the county or in the State that can beat
that? And further, the landlord of one of the
hotels, it is Bail, has been on a 44 spree for some
six weeks in succession. On one or two occa
sion, it is repotted the said landlord has roused
up the inmates of the house at a late hour in the
night to enjoy with him a social glass, and has
emptied the bouse of its female inmates on other
occasions, compelling them to sctk shelter irom
the storm ebeahere At another time, a land
lord of one of the hotels, it ia said, in coming
down a flight of stairs, took the door at its foot
along with oim, and planted himself on it, look
ing sky wards in deathlike silence for some mi
nutes Strange to say, thi unceremoniousdump
iog of hii corporosity did no particular damage
to anything, pave tbe door Is there any town
in the county that can beat that v
And further, it is reported that at all of these
grog-shops aforesaid, liquor can be procured in
any quantity and by any body who ha the
4 ptan.ps" to cov r tbe desired anount; and
that mooe of them on a recent occasion, five rer
soos wen' 1 ying round in a promiscuous sort of
a way, in various stages of intoxication, from
driveling voluhiary to deal drunkenness Can
any town m the county beat that Moreover,
right under the nose of these grog-shops, here are
reported to be two flourishing Lodges ofOood
Template tn complete running order, corapjsed
of the bmt; and sinew of the Temperance re
form men. women, and children bocnJ toge
ther, it is said, in one solemn pledge to do all in
their power to discount nance the manufacture.
I sale and use of intoxicating drinks; having ill
the appliances and advantages of secrecy to aid
tbem in tee work they professedly have under-
taken to do;- ai.d jet, at this present writing,
j as for as your c .rrrppondent knows, no effort has
beeu pLt f rth by either of the Lodges t sup
prt these grog- bops, or to encourage tbe legal
authorities in t-n forcing tbe law against them.
The l'quir trafTi' thrives anl increases, and tbe
results of it h.t- becoming da;ly more notorious
I right ua ifr the 'hatwuf thepe'Good Templar,
Ligfs Cm a y town in the comfy or rtate
hra that It k Vt them speak X.
VmnitT I1
of this p km y
rical SycifcTT The officers
hie thinking uf appointing a
meeting hire, an soon aa thiy ascertain that a
sutascient nuad'cr of papers ate res ly, to give in
terest to tbi occh'nn St. Albans his not, as
y t, been h. nortd with tbe presence f this very
dtsertiog t oly and we presume that rur citi
ien gr LeAi will heartily welcome the mem
bers am n u- 1 he -oc;r-n. are diog a great
wurlv to: Vermont, a- well as the entire country,
an 1 we trust tnat r,i war ts of ours are neces
sary to induce the? 1 pe pie of this county to
gne it the.r hearty co operation. Anung the
papers expected to be presented and read at the
next meeang, ia one hy the President, Rev. Dr
Lord, of Mjntpeli.r hx-Goveraor Hail, of
Bennington, unlets tii? weather pbould be too
M-vre for a gent'tmin tfht
2. is expected to
1 etent. lu i 'e-idcnt Uuckbam has
n i an mit rut t historical easay. Henry
i' a. F 4 f Ku'land. has an ibteresting
irra 'n t' tlarrh of the ta'e R"v Dr B?eman
1 r lorosman, sir. L L Dutcber,
Wip Sj i io'el by the society tj prepare abio
tra I do'i.'p of it lit? President, G F.
i K-1 1 us is c(mj Wtc I, and having
rsH, webazarl iiothn e m saying
i "et" great interest, especially for a
t i k ounry audience. We hope soon to be
tin nact the time and place of meeting
J -'i .V'Uft y r
eMij takes pli-e. we h pe to he able
r t in aidition to tbe list of papers
r r i by the Mata.r, a biographical
r. late DugiM S:ewar: by Hon. E. J.
t c ty
V it The winter term of tbe MiddW
1 t I vbo mil !egn Monday, Deeem-
teiic meats anl fixtures of
f Com piny, at Mi Idlebury,
t r. Mart
are t 1 r
ti r.e S vi at heme last week
i 'us bonoreil and aged father, Hon.
-i w Mr. Swift, tbe won, re-ides ia j
v and holds the office of City Re-
1 r, term of tbe Addison County Court
fuerlay, Ddcember Hon. John
V t i h.ef J.iPtice, presiding, with Hon.
Ida: i i ro,,k. ic if Snoreham, nl Hon
l- S;r. ng of ."-tarksboro. Assists rt
.1 lz i ie term promises to te somewhat
r'- i be famijs Shackett acd Hammond
tried alu that of John Ring, of
r, Crf fr murder
V r rue Lkk. It turns cat that the rail- 1
r ii i tnry now being male along the shores cf
Like i. -g? if a private enterprise got up by
r -j'tatiitanta ot Bolron and Hague, They
ar t pnguine that a road can be built through 1
t i j '.it n that they have contributed fanda
fS d. have the matte" settled by an actual
.r.
xt un ol ihe railroad between White
(n i Port Henry is fixed at last and work is
t 1 earn minced immediately Most of tbe
br' v its between Whitehall and this place are
excavate! t! e coming w.nter. Tbe route
'i to le a ver feaaible one, the grade in no
I exce-M.og t! .rty feer to tbe mile. No tun-
t i g w.'n be rufj red except at Ticonderoga,
w .ere a tunnel peven hundred feet in length will
V toaie throjb tbe ol i Fort grounds.
Thorna- Finn of Port Henry while engaged in
drawing c.r. lers with a horse car, from the fur
naces, wascuigbt hy the chain oi tbe car acd
thrown acr ss the track, the car ranuing over
both of hip leg near the thiehs, smashing tbem i
in a frightful r unner. But little hopes are en
tertaiLeJ cf bis recovery. He was unmarritd,
anil a young man esteemed by all.
Tbe quarterly conventijnof tbe Clinton Coun
ty lemperanc njciety met at the Methodist
church. East Beekmantown, Nov. J2d, and was
largely airen-ieu nev. u. 1100a presideu
and strontr resolutions were adopted urging on
tbe New i ork l.g s!atnre to enact a prohibi
tory law.
Batrs, who for nearly IS years was an
employe on the Orlensburgh Railroal, and for
the past three or four years has been employed
as road macter on the Plattsburgh Montreal
and Whitehall Plattsburgh Railroad, bss
been preeuted by the section men with a beauti
ful gold watch, ot the latent pattern, and elabor
ately engraved.
Fiass. A barn belong' ng to Lewis Church
ill of Leicester, was burned Dee. 4th. with two
ton'ofhay. Cause unknown. Batimatel
los I
1
$200 insurance SCOO.
The storehouse of bmith, Clark Co., at
their bruh manufactory, on tbe property of
II. L Shi ells, some two miles east of Benaing
I ton, was entirely destroyed by fire Tuesday
noon, together with all its contents. Loss heavy
on tne amount ot eto; in storage, which was
large. There was a eoo.1 insurance, tbouzh it
is said not euFhient to cover tbe lo. Ir is uo-
derstood that tne fire will not materially ditar-
range thtir business. j
As L't3L Ixinit. There is aa ugly look about
the story ot one Chamberlain of Northgel, who
stopped at one of our hotels the day before
Thanksgiving, in company with his wife and
another lady, none of them however registering
their names After leaving bis borye and
ladies at the hotel Chamberlain went up street
On his return to the hotel he stated tbat he bad
gone somewhere, he didn't know where, and
drank some liquor. All that he remembered
was that he was put into a wagon, taken over
on to the Berlin ide and dropped, the parties
taking him there first trying to rids hia pockets,
but fortunately Ut him, not getting at the
place where be kept his money. He found him
self the next morning at some house on the
Berlin side Montpetter Journal.
As Arctic Bird. A rare and singular bird,
for Vermont, was caught by Mr. Maxwell Be
mis, in the vicinity of Brattleboro, on one of the
stormy mornings recently, near the Connecticut
river. It is known to ornithologists as .'Ilea
ae,,aM,crtheSea Dove, Greenland Dote,
Little Auk, Little Guillemot, Ice Bird, Pigeon
Diver, etc. It is peculiarly an Arctio bird, as
its nativity is within the Arctic circle, and it Is
found most numerous as the pole is approached.
Amusemmt at t:ib Jail. George -Har wood
prisoner at the jail, wagers five dollars that he
can walk twenty-four hours without rest, only
to take his meals, (15 minutes allowed to each
meal). C. E. Stone takes the bet Tbe money
is put up, and Harwood commenced walking at
C o'clock last evening. Rutland Herald. 7th.
Whitehall Rev. C. F. Burdick of Troy,
lectured last week at Whitehall, in the Methodist
course, cn Shoddy." Bishop Simpson is
among the lecturers in this course.
When ia my time? This ouestion was asked
by a bright .ittle sirl. who waa fond of talklnc 1
at tbe clote of the day to a busy father. When 1 portant items is the collection of fcta illustrat
es lay time f Tbe query will carry its own moral ing the agricultural status of the Rocky Moun-
'IT.?.'.
una a
a timo' for talking with the littla ones. 1 quality of production, etc. Experiments have afterwards solicited to pay something more to
rirtixe' Perhaps only fifteen minutes, but j been made in rearing the silk-worm. The plan wards furnishlog it with a lightning rod.
tlmt oln!.!.. --.I ku..i1l. ITa 1 fif interna t inn at aTphtnira nf aeedfl has been a Va he? f nv nftv dnlltxp tn KeTn tn
many homes may be made brighter, and how I
irvny children counted as lured lf this advice
were followed.
1871.
Departmental Reports.
EXPORT Or THE SECaCTlRT OS TUK TREASURY.
The Secretary of the Treasury shows a con
dition of the national finances which must be
satisfactory tc every citiien ani tax-payer. He
showi a reduction of the debt during the past
fiscal year of over ninety-four millions of dol
Iarr, and ein:e the accession of the present ad
ministration, of over two hundrel and seventy,
seven millions. This reduces the interest charge
over sixteen millions, and, with the revenue
receipts, enables Mr. Boutwell to recommend a
further reduction of taxation. The revenue
from customs is largely in excess of the esti
mates as well as of last year's receipts, while
the cost of cottestioa is materially diminished.
The internal revenue receipts show a slight fall
ing off from the estimates. He still holds that
there should bs a regular annual payment on
the principal of the debt, ani be thorn that the
country can pay fifty millions as tbe annuil
contribution to the sinking funl, anl alao make
an immediate reltutioa of taxation to the ex
tent of S3,000,000 sixteen millions in in
ternal revenue and treaty millions under the
tariff. With this view be, like tbe President,
recommend) the abolition of all internal taxes
except those on liquor, tobacco and stamps. So
far as the tariff isooncercel, he recommends a
reduction of tbe duty on salt to one-half the
present rate, of the duty on bituminous coal to
fifty ecnts a ton, a reduction of tbe duty on raw
hides and skies, and the entire removal of tbe
duty on a large class of articles produced in
other countries which enter into the arts and
manufactures of this country, and which are not
produced by u. the revenue from which is in
conideabie. While favorioz protection of oar
manafactariog interests, he thinks these reduc-

tiotscin wisely be made. The total leceipts for
the past fiscal jear were Sd83,323.tll.8l the
total expenses, $2,177,188 'Jo. Notwith
standing tbe reduction of rates, the revenue for
tbe current fiscal yetr, sicu is the buoyancy
and growth of our commerce acd industry,
will probably be greater than for tbe pieced log
jear.
ing June :'.0, H'2t is vrTl.T'.'l.'.Vl.O?.
Mr. ttoutwll renews his recommendation for
the abolition of tbe system tf shares in seixures
of smuggling goods. He also rtommenia an
appropriation for a new issue of national bank
notes, those now ia use bc;n badly worn and
successfully counterfeited. The Secretary makes
a statement of the operations connected with tbe
refunding of two bun Ire J millions of tbe five
twenties His action in this matter, and espe
cially his dealing with the Syndicate, have been
much criticised. But he declares that bis course
was what the taw contemplated and tbat tbe
payment of double interest for three months
i the pjint most censured was .neparable from
the nature of tbe opera'n He discusses at
some length the decline m our ocean oommerre
i and its causes. As a remedy he proposes an an
nual subsidy of thirteen dollar per ton for five
I years on all American-built first-clas iron
steamships of not le than twj thousand tons
eaeh-empl jed in he f rrja trale, with a
proportionately smaller susilj
less tonnagt.
BKfORT O THE 9&CRKTAB i cf
Secretary Delano speaka in
terms of tbe gratifying result? t
vessels of
TtlK ISTCHJOK.
congratulatory
i tbe humane
policy which has character. 2 ed th conduct of
Indian affairs daring tbe past two yean. The
effect of the new policy haa been to suppress
Indian wars and depredations, unite tribe upon
reservations, and improve their education in
letters, and in the practice cf agriculture and
other industries
The varitus tribes have raiaed during the
year agricultural products to the value of
more than ten mitlw&s cf dollars, while 216
school are sustained among tbem, with 323
teachers and ,9Jt pupils To foster a decire
for mental and moral culture, it might be well
to establish a syptem of compulsory education,
in withholding annuities ftom those who neg'ect
the facilities uffred The payment of premiums
fur agricultural excellence ts a'po advwed.
The Indian population under tbe jurisdiction
of the Coiled Stttes. now numbers stunt 'J1,
"00, including 7o,' in Alaska and J.C-3 in
the States ot Florida, North Carolina, Indiana
acd Texa. not maintaining tribal relation. The
reservations now allotted to the lad ans amount
to 'J 1,47-1 squire miles, the land competing
which is generally of eoo-J quality, in the direct
path of the settler. The Secre'ary argues in
fiver of the humane po'icy of th? Government
and feasibility of bringing tbe Indians under one
territorial government, when many of tbe exist
ing obstacles tu Ind'nn c vi!,zt jn uou Id be
obliterated
From the report of he CjmmisM. tiers of Pub
lic Lands, it appears ibit the amount of land
disposed ot for cash during tbe year is l,3yi,
ST seres; by military tounty land wtrrant
b cat ion a 525,iJ0 H by hornet's d entries 4.
6,oLM J3; by agricultural clVire pcrip Iocs
tion. 4'4.44SyS; to railroads. 'J. -ll, of.; to
wagon roswls, 'J" OtW tS; to States as swamp
lan J and swamp landp indemnity, 4'Ji,.Ju 0!
by Chippewa ani Sioux In dun cnp locations.
,.ldiiu; making a toUl of lit,t.0T,7'.'i 03.
Th'i statement shows an increased dtspoia! as
compared with the preceding year, of 2,"1 1,
37J 03 acres The cash receipts dating the past
fiscal year, under various heads, including fees
to local ofhoera, etc amount to 52,'J2't,24.70.
The public surreys have been extended over
2J,01i t"" ftcm, wb:ch. with the area alreadv
surveyed, aaake an aggregate of ."kaiO.hT't.OtVt
acres, leaving an estimated are yet to be sur
veyed equal tj 1,I 11', 11 acres
There wer ed in the Patent Office during
the year en-. Sep'emt er ..d, 1H71, I',l2l'
applications for paunts, includme reissue and
designs li .1.17 caveats and Isl applications
for the extension id patents. Twelve thousand
nine ban Ired and fifty patents, including re
issues and designs, were issued, and 117 ex
tended There are at tbe present time on the pen-ion
rolls the name of 031 widows of revol .nonary
soldiers, a decrease of i3 since the last repot t. 1
Tbe name of widows ami children of soldiers
who served in wars subsequent to the revolution
and prior to tbe rebellion, cumber 1,211 72
less than the preceding year The total number
of invalid pensioners on the rolls last June was
J1 y0. and th (nttl rnmrr rf .;,tnw. ni
orphans' pensions was 112,42b, making the
total Dumber of army pensions of all kinds
203,718 Tbe amount paid during the Iat Soal i
year to invalid military pensioners was S12,
ii04.uT0 37, and to widows, orphans and de-1
pendent relatives $2O,lS$,4'f..70, miking a
grand total of S2 432.1W 07, which includes
the expense of disbursement It h estimated
that S30.iSO.000 will be repaired for the pension
service during the next fiscal year.
The Bureau of Education has received and
sent out about 2,000 written communications;
has distributed about 1'J.OnO printed docu-
ments.
Attention is called to the report of the Su-
perintendent of the Census, and some important
recommendations relative to the publication of
the results are made.
A suocinct retume of the condition of the
various Pacific Railways is presented.
In closing tbe report tbe Secretary remarks
In making appointments in the clerical
frce of the department, strict attention has
been given to the qualifications of the appli
cants, no appointments being made to clerk
ships of any grade until the applicant has been
subjected to an examination toushiog his fit net-s
for tbe potition. This course has had a bene
ficial effect in increasing the efficiency of the
working force of the various bureaus, by giving
to the service a much better class of clerks
Promotions have also been made for merit and
efficiency, with like beneficial results. Thia
plan will be continued In this Department until
a better is suggested.
THE AaRICl'LTl'RAL REPORT.
Commisaioner Frederick Watts, of the Agri
cultural Bureau, says tbat an intimate relation
between the agricultural colleges and his depart
ment would be of great service to the country.
He thinks that the course of agriculture in the
Southern States has not been conducted with
the care and skill which have characterized the
operations of farmers in other States. Their
lands are continuously devoted to cotton and
tobacco, to a state of exhaustion, while those of
tbe North are continually improving by rotation
of crops. The department intends to aid the
Southern States as much aa possible. The
Commissioner says the report of the superin
tendent of the seed division and his corre
spondence with practical farmers, impress his
mind with the immense benefit which the distri
bution of seeds confers upon the country. He
considers tbe distribution of tbe annual reports
sn unnecessary expense. In the division ofbor-
ticullure. be considers that one of the most im-
.r',' T"S,r.l
great service to the department. Tbe Colonial
Secretary of Jamaica has promised a donation I
of three thousand plants of tbe Chinchonas, 1
NUMBER 23.
embracing all the valuable varieties. In regard
i to the agrwultural productions of the year, he
I IIVS 1 Th raiMkl. .t .V. .1
I 8BJS
the value of perfect drainage and rood culture
in warding eff dangers from drought and ex
cessive moisture. Such has been the experience
of the present year. The area planted with
corn was largely increased, and a large breadth
cf wheat waj sown. While the crop of corn will
not equal the yield of 1870, nor that of wheat
the unparalleled crop of 1S6D. there will be an
ample supply of both for the wants of this
country, and tens cf millions of bushels to sup
plement the short crop of Europe. While the
product of hay is somewhat less than usual, its
quality is good, and coarce forage ia all sections,
and winter paiturage ia tbe South and distant
West, are never failing resources. Cotton will
be gathered in smaller quantity, and eoU at a
higher price. Other crops, aa a whole, promise
very nearly average returns."
l-'rotu tha St. Albans U3onsr.
Liquor and Crime.
Tbe authorities cf the Protestant I lease of
Refuge of Mentreal have some new stores to
rent, bat have prsistently refused to rent
them to any one wbo sells liquor. A corres
pondent of the JVttness rejoices at this as
follows
How costly a trams is this liquor business Utit wa
are alio tne' Every one la taxed to keep it vp.aod
all to enrleh tha deader. We lie eons men for a small
consideration, to soaks piapsra; and afterwards
support them. How much lunger ar we going
tn mIT this state of thia" In BesalBtoa,
VL, tb jail, ones Slld with Inmates, ts now, under
tbe Prohibitory Law, empty a act tfco deor tied with
a ropo. Iat us, M'. tcdiur, hav a Pr Whinny
Law bare, asd won't there be joy lastssd of sorrow
Let us trr it.
This is very good, but candor compels us to
state tbat while the Prohibitory Law may ac
count for the occaptonal emptinees of a Vermont
jail, a decent enforcement of tbe law would
speedily fill them alL Not with dmnkards, to be
i are, but with drunkard-makers, and there is
where tbe pinch eomes. Weoccaeionill punish
tbe poor victims the same as they do in Men-
j bat be little more courage to enforce
I our law on the rich and power fal than tbe Can-
ba f tMCt 0DeTb(. Urt 0oT. Wasb-
burn, speaking of the usury laws said in sub
I stance that a law generally disregarded is worse
than no law at all. We submit that so fir as
1 enforcing the Prohibitory Law on the real offen
ders is concerned, it is practically a nullity in
nearly or quite all the Urge town? in Vermont,
The Sheriff of this county (and St. Albans is
of the effects of rum. To this add tbe cervices
of tbe police, and remember that it is only tbe
very worst cases that fall into the hands of either,
1 and what da yoa now think about our paradise'
We are not speaking again it the prohibitory
law, for we know that in many places it has
done much good, but in return for the foregoing
1 compliment to Vermont we wish to say that tbe
owners cf those Montreal stores have adopt 1
one of the most effective measures for the tap-
1 pression of tbe traffic that was ever tried. We
have found in Vermont tbat rent is the greatest
bug-bear tn the path of the law. Hotel keepers
say (and many times truly) that they can't keep
open without a bar. Lindlords of blocks enjoy
fat incomes and so close their eyes when they get
borne from church test they may lee something
about their possessions that goes counter to their
professions. When some tenant gets into the
limtroe for selling liquor, they go diligently at
work to break down public sentiment the sup
port of lawor else shield the wretch by attach
ments or some other expedients which will cause
delay anJ result in triumph. This is all done
indirectly, of coarse, decently aad andsr a eloak,
bat it m done, and done so much that it is about
all a prosecuting officer's official life is worth to
undertake tus duty, we grow worse insteaioi
better, and the liquors we have are poison com
pared witli tbose in Montreal. Verily, in this
respect more than any other we hare .ever seen.
the love of money ie the root of all evil, and un
til some way can be deviped for taking away the
profit of ram selling, we despair, under any law
whatever, of Public Sentiment's ever coming to
tbe rescue.
There is too much troth in the Aemnyr'
picture. If it is ail true, tbe case is a melan
choly one. If the Uw is 4 practically a
nullity in the large towns, then tbe large
towns have no law on tbe subject For it is to
be remembered, by both friends and foes of tbe
so-called prohibitory law,'" that that is the
only liquor law we have in this State. Those
who strive to make it practically a nullity are
ia reality striving to take from tbe community
aU the protection it has in the shape of repressive
legislation Yet none bat tbe most utterly be
sotted are ready to go for absolutely unrestricted
traffic inhqnor. No respectable citisen desires
to see every grocery a grog-shop, as in tbe Five
Points of New York, or an open bar to every
thiny souls, as in the lowest purlieus of Lon-

don. Why not Because ad aJmit that
drunkenness 1 tne most iruitiui source 01
misery, pauperism and crime. Therefore the
respectable opponents of prohibitory' legis
lation commonly wish to see it replace! by a
"stringent license law." Bat that question is not
an open one in Vermont The people of the State
have so often declared, by their legislators, that
tbft only license Law they will have is be exist
ing very stringent license law, which licenses
just one man in each town to sell liquor for ail
needful and lawful purposes, that no one any
longer expects to see the law materially changed
The law is a wholesome one, as we believe but
at any rate it will 1 tn and those wbo strive to
break it down, in any community, will do well
t reflect that they are breaking down the only
protection against the greatest source of pauper
ism and crime. We trust the towns m which
the law is practical y a nuility are few
There need not be any
Chevktox Mvfv Moses E Cheney, Esq.,
of Barnard, has a new lecture n Music its
Hist cry. Nature and Philosophy," of whkh the
Woodstock Stan lari says
His lecture occupies a new place in his de
partment of public speaking. It is unique in
its design and most admirabh in its execution.
He gives a vivid description of the various kinds
of music that have bad a place in our churches,
and illustrates each kind by singing it ia his
rich and melodious voice and inimitable and
soul-inspiring manner. His leeture contains
all the elements ot popularity, food for tha
tbouchtfu! and tbe sparkling wine of wit for tbe
mirthful, the interest aai enthusiasm mani
fested by the larger audience gathered Ust
evening to hear him were a sure sign of his re
markable power to instruct and entertain.
A raaehiLiet in Springfield, Mass., Ut bis
whitker that Major Spooner, the Republican
candidate for Mayor, wool I not gtt over f00
majority. Prompt to h:s premise, he eame to
his wotk Tuesday raornicg, shorn of bis heavy
beard
POLITICAL.
The municipal elections in Massachusetts, this
week, have gone unanimously republican. Chel
sea, Cambridge, Lawrence, Haverhill, Taunton,
and Fall River, eleet republican Mayors by
handsome majorities. Sprinzfield, which last
year, elected a democratic Mayor, ia redeemed
this year.ptsjor Samuel B. Spoon er,repubhco,
having been elected Mayor byi214 1 majority over
John M. Stebbins, tbe citizens and democratic
candidate. The vote sood Spooner, 2,172,
Stebbins, 927. Ail the eight Aldermen, and
fifteen out of eighteen Council men are repub
lican. In re "Boss Twied,
Eaoh ose fa agreed
That he's the wtekedest maaof tbediy
And to Albany, a
He never will jro.
But must atop at Sins: Stn; on tbe way
Can we wonder that New Hampshire went
Democratic lat spring? A man there refused
to subscribe for a paper because it helped tu
build up the business of the place, and the
wealthier the town was the higher his Uies
would oe.
Seneca county. New Yorl. has just brought
itself within the Lues cf civilization. For the
first time since its organization it gave a le
publican majority this fall.
The Baltimore Journal insists tbat the demo
cracy has make "steady grins. When the
democracy makes any steady gain the liquor
dealers are the losers.
Vice-President Colfax earnestly alvocatrs tbe
re-election of General Grant, and It will be a
pity to change tbe old ticker.
Profanity neveruid any man the least good.
No man is richer, or happer, or wiser for it It
commend no one to any society. It is disgust
ing to the rehned, abominable to tbe good, in
sulting to those with whom we associate, degrad
ing to the mind, unprofitable, needless and In
jurious to society.
GreatSccces. Two brothers In Worcester,
Mas., secured 891 subscribers to the Chrutian
Un ion, edited by Henry Ward Beecher, in IS
workinz days snd an agent in Lynn cecuted
C35ia 3- workingdays.
A Pennsylvania Dutchman", who bad contrib
uted liberally towards building a church, was
build a church for the Lord and now, if he-
choose to tooder on It and knock it town be do it
at hia own risk,"
"Tim Sake tlie Afcrtcnf tnral Man."
The fillo win; clever vusts contain the axsrer t
&om who revile Cenaral Grant and his a lminUt ra
tion
My SoiuaierrimV.e take ma through
some qui nt aad time ne;iee:fxl pisses,
Amon tbe men with brawny tvrma
Andruldy Ltcej.
And such a una I! met Iait nlfht.
At county la-rs the constamwinoer.
lllafaee waa brown, hia hands were hard.
Ills name was Skinner.
Thuj spake tbe azrlcuUaral man.
While sweat upon his forehead gltstaatd.
And 1 cat calmly on tha feces
And imokea and listened.
'bme say that Grant ain't just the man
To plow the ocrn and turn the stubtl,
oj-fily. I can't aactly tee
What iaakejthe trouble.
Ue don't so leetarin to be sure.
About the eare to wheat when ripening;
Bnt Uoh the way the crops come in.
Beats thunder d Ushtnfag.
'lie hain't writ books to tell ye how
To ilck out pumpkin eed that's holler
Eat mind yoa, whea his corn's laid by.
He plows bis feller.
4Were carua critters, alters quick
To pratse or blast a mio in station.
We'd pro'bly show a hesp more tenee
liy moderation.
Now Graat don't know 'boutpbuihing Jm?,
Or dralnln either, that 1 know on.
But you just bet th patch he dt;a
Will do to sow on.
Mod look, too atbiagipdsutruek
It sesma to me, tor t&naat ration.
Tbat he has raised the Mftrest
In alt creation.
'Andwheahe takes hislut.o othr.
Ami rsnoa aboat hn per) a uw n it,
Assurw8)a're b.rn, he an ikes for grain,
And alters brin it,
'It's look" wall, meM 'tis you Lcw.
I won't iy tu. iv. r w-nt dny It,
Bat ym let some yoursrs' no
Jast try it.
It star be last it may s utc
bometlcMs I mk oiy f 'wttn- wt.z it
The only thins I know k. t'ut
The critter uui it.
The Britishers are pay.ni; i:i
The rehs have weu nih quit erstiivme;
Our debt is gmwin' le- and lei-,
And thiasa ia thriving.
Tlie In jus smokes In p pe apm-r.
The aiocer sma his load hn-annr
And, as the tsoys My own tn tnwn.
'That's what a1 j Banner.
'And so, I've Mrat male up ui taiad
That tbJsjCS nt eas ly tie tutiadsd
That taken all in ail ttrfar:
li darn well tendt t.'
KKIatCIOLH tTKI.l.IGi;( K
BIPTIST.
The total membership of tbe Baptist churches
in Vermont, as reported, October, 1HT1, was
S.7t. Rev S. S. White, late of PocdvUIe.
Mas., has accepted the ctll of the Baptist
Church in Verhire. Vt to become their
pastor Uev. Horace Hefner, I. D., long
the honored pastor of the Baptist church in
Townshend. Vt, died Nov LTth, at tbe ripe age
tf 7" years Two young ladies were baptized
iu the waters cf Like MctJp'nrensagog Nov. 23
by the Bev. J. 0. Lorimer, pastor of the Baptist
church, Ierby, Vr The Baptist church in
Brandon, Vt has bcea th.rougbly recovatel
and furnished wita a bptbtery, and a vestry
at a cost tf ?'j,'''M Tne pastor, Btv A
Thomas, D. P s cow in tlie thirty-seventh year
of his pastorate Rev. Wm Chetham, pas
tor of the Baptist hurch, r-aratogi, N Y has
accepted a unantmou-f invitation to become the
pastor of the First Baptist Church in Mon'rea?
eoSGBIlMTlOJUU
Tlie Congregational churches of Franklin
county are holding protracted meetings, of a
week each, in the several churches Tbe
Washington County Conference of Congrega
tional churches wid take place ia Betbaoy
church, Montpelier, tn tbe 12th of December
Rev. H. I). Kitchel has been engaged to sup
ply thepatpit cf the Cccgregirioci.1 church at
Weybridge for another year. At the last
communion, the church at Wells River, Vt.t re
ceived six persons to memtertbip. The F.ev.
K t'. Iewis, of Betbe!, has accepted a call from
th Congregational church at Had lira. Coon.
Rev. George B. Spaulding, formerly of Ver-
gennes occupied the pulpit of the Berkeley
I Street Church, Boston, on Sunday last
I Three of tbe two hundred and ninety-two Cin
gregational churches ia C. n orient havecete
I brated their two hundred anl sixtieth anni
j versary this year
1 The Church Jv -ul is largely occupied w th
discussions over tbe recent declaration of the
B-shors that tbe word regenerate is not in
the Oriice for tbe Ministration of the Baptism of
Infants, so used as to determine that a moral
ihx $hmmalL-S j1,. Drumn his re
signed tbe rectorship of Sr, James Church.
Woodstock, to take effect on the first of May
next Bishop Bissell issued a Pastoral Letter
to hs Clergy and Parishes requesting eontribu
tion. on Thanksgiving day, for tbeimpcvenshed
cnurcbes in Chicago. Bishop loane. oi" Alba
Pvcea
Parubes, reqaesting
giTlDg Jiy Jor tbe o
ny, weed a PaMoral Letter to his Clergy and
contributions, on Thancs-
rpbanaze for rrls at oop-
erstown. N. 1 lately estaMiehed by the Uev
I. ii Boel, formerly rector of St Paul's, in
this ci'y. There was quire a contest in the
I Episcopal Convention of tbe New Diurese, at
I Harnsbargb. between High and Lw Churcb
I men Tbe Low Chnrchmen earned the day.
I electing their Bishop and Standing Committee,
and abo securing the name of Central Penn
sylvania' for the Diocese. The High Church-
men advocated the adoption of the Se principle
and naming the Ifcoeese after the city in wheh
h U:oP have his residence.
LIBERAL CnBISTIAX.
Rev. Dr. Bartol.at a recent meeting of the
Radical Club, in Boston, amiably remarked tha;
the five points of Calviatem always reminded
him of tbe Five Points of New York." Father
Kuseell Streeter, ef Woodatock, Vt. has nearly
recovered from bis laat long and severe illness
A Universal st church of twenty-five mem-
bers was organized tbe present year in Marsh
field. Vt, and has increased to thirty. A weekly
prayer and conference meeting is maintained
with spirit The pastor is Rev. L. ar-
no, of North Montpelier The Christian
church at Lincoln baa taken action in ths case cf
Eider Mil Darfee, cn charges preferred by the
Vermont Western Christian Conference. He
has been expelled from tbe church and confer
ence for what i mildly called too pronounce I
love for the opposite sex."
METHODIST.
The Taoy 'annual Conference of tbe Methodist
Episcopal Church will botl its next fessioa in
Saratoga, commencinE March 26th, 1872, Bishrp
Jams presiding -The Methodit Ministerial
Association of the St Albans district, wilt meet
at lliehrord, commencing January ltb The
Montpelier Preacher's meet id st takes p-sce at
Northfietd. Dee. 12th, 13th and lltb. Rev.
D. B. -Mc Ken tie has been appointed patur of
the Methodist church at Water ford, N. V
At the last quarterly meeting in linmouth.the
paster, N. M. Learned, baptized more than a
score of persons, ami received thirty into the
Methodist church. The Methodist church at
Sandy Hill, N. Y., un ier tbe skillful hand of its
pastor, Rev. J. M. Edgerton, has been newly
frrsoced. It is related that a friend of the ptor,
lookiog upon bis handiwork, remarket I, What
a splendid painter wa- spoiled when they made a
minister of you" Ka-Giv. Dillingham was
elected one i f 'Ue presidents of tbe Educational
Convention r tbe Methodist Episcopal Church at
its recent sessinn, bt-bl under tbe direction of the
New England E location rucirty in Bostou.
ROMsN CATBOHV.
The exeicies attendant on laying the corner
stone of tbe Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion in Lowell. Ms .attracted an immense con
course of people. Right Reverend Bishrp Wil
liams of Ik s ton, and Fathers O' Don net I and Mi?
lett of Nashua, Foley of Fitehburir.. Fitzpatru k
of Stoneham, (iualey of Wohurn, Barry tf Con
cord, N. H., the various priests of Lowell, and
Rev. Mr Locergan of Montreal, participated.
One Catholic authority places the total
Catholic population ia this country at 5,500,01)0
ministered to and cared for by 4f8W) priests. But
the Catholic Advocate prims a table showing
only 3,871 priests, under the direction of llu
bishopp. fhe first Roman Catholic mirsion
ever dispatched from Eogland to America ha
arrived iu this country. It consists cf four
prittts, whose duty it will be to labor exclusively
among the colored people of the United States.
At the celebration cf mass previous to their de
parture. His Grace Archbishop Manning of
Westminster, said Th s mtssii n has been es
tablished by the Church of England because th s
country imposed slavery on America, and it was
ntting tbat Englishmen should be the first to
move for the amelioration of the condition of tbe
newly emancipated race.'
MirCTLL.i3r.0CS.
The day of prayer for colleges has been
changed from the last Thursday of February to
that of January. The value of church prop
erty in New York city, of all denominations, ts
estimated at aboat 200,000,000. The Catho
lics are said to be tho wealthiest, tbouzh Trinity
corporation alone is worth 5o0.000.000. The
American Missionary Association has spent the
large aum of $2,222,493 83 fur mission and
Sunday school work among the freed men during
ten years past, Over three hundred teachers
have been commissioned during the past year.
while the pupils number 23,321. The re
juvenated Union church at Derby Line was dedi
cated by religious services on Thursday of last
week. Rev. Mr Hansford, Wesley in minister,
of 3tanstead. preached in the forenoon, and was
assiated in the services by Rev. J. Rogers, Con
gregational minister, of Stamtead, and Rev
Messrs, Tompkins snd Rowson, Wesley an min
isters. Rev M. Tabor, Unlversalist minister,
of Norway, Maine, preached in the afternoon,
assiated in the services by Rev. Messrs. Rogers,
Healey, Blake and Hansford. The attendance
was large and the services impressive.
Carrot Pira. Ir carrots are scraped, boiled
tender, and sifted, and afterwards prepared in
the same way as pumpkia, wth perhaps a
little more milk and eggs, they will make an ex
cellent pie.
3
3