Poetry.
For the BLADE.
TO A MOUSE.
BY MRS. MARY E. NEALY.
Toor little mouiet
It icemi a burning plljr
Thai In a whole, big oily
Thar li not on hnmin heart
VrUllnfcto (Wains part
cnthoni,
foot moots t
Bat with intellect ao grand
A to compaM aaa and land,
Will narrow down the mind,
'Bom ensuing way to And,
That will check thy breath ot wind,
Poorinouret
t.
f
flow very l,
Wro once thoe little tjc I
keeping ont from nook and cranny,
Jnat te tee II there was any
Nice breakfast to be had,
T make wire and children glad.
For like any other
Father or brother
Tie had children to provide tor
To plunder and to bide for;
Then who con'd lime or chide for
Bach lodnetiy and lore.
And It only took a nibble
The merealllltle dribble
j From an overladen table,
To mike poor roontiy able r
To keep boanlore by the dnicn
i. TTcc'e, and Annf, and Conflii 1
W wereangraternl lnner,
T trudge inch little dim e',
Wheat e-nrj tile-wl dy,
W throw enough away
Or good iahttantlal ration
Tor him and his relations 1
Tet we tlx a front; tarote
To choke that I'ttle throat
And we treat his little nrpbana
As Simon did the Dauphin
Fncettlnt: One ah ve,
Whnte tvery tbcoht is love t
No tender tbooghta arone
Vlthln onrhnman boon s
For the lit'le spnnjtlng blnrmamt
Of thy desolated bou-e
foor ilontel
in.
Bow do we know
But as we treat thee, so
Shall we be treated t That's the ailver rol
A rn'e more fitted for a bad wor'd's school,
Tan that fair goiiicn one the gord Ixrd gave as,
Which we so seldom follow h- even rave ns I
Bnt when sweet food Is offered to our pasolons,
Reckless that we are fol owing nat'y fashions,
We grarp the tempting rmlt
Like Eve, at Sarea'e tmt,
And, eie we lalrly taMe It oue I
Our leeks are canuhl like tblno, poor mouse I
Toor evil treated, iiinncent lltlt mr iihc
Toor Moae I
IV.
And to we think It a mort bunting pi i y
That tn so Urge, so pillaging a city ;-r,
Apoor.lndnaulour, little family moase
Cannot enjoy the freedom of the house
Its finest laces ana its banknotes too
To make It baby's bed solt, as ut do I
For what else, pray, can It see any nse of
Booh solt and delicate things 1
Wemakeaiooteof
Ourrelf, by decking np with little laces
The foim where Ood imp'anted heavenly graces.
Bnt monsey, by his maker grandly dressed,
Take inch toft nothings to make soft, his nef t,
A birds get wool at d mrsws, and the home'
Hide the fence of every fibre on It,
Tia Ood who tangbt tbem ail.
Aid only at the Fail
Did Eve first think of a spring drear or bonnet
Bad fruit of her fli st sin,
For wblck we toll and spin
We are not half so vriw
With our far-reaching eves,
Aa thon, bane or our house
Thoa evil-treated moose
Poor Vonse I
Miscellany.
THE NORTH-WESTERN FIRES.
Graphic Account of of the Destruction
of Peshtigo, by Captain J. H.
Hauser—Scenes and Incidents.
From the Fond du Lac Commonwealth.
The first news of a frcnt disinter is
generally exa(?gerale(', but the first re
ports ot the recent fiiea in ttienotth
western part or 'ibis Htale le'l lar srfiortl
of tbe truth. When we tietrd tbat
Pctthltgo was barned, and tisty lives
lost, everv ODe stiid tbat it was an cx
aggeratlon. Tbey could not nnilcrslitnd
how, in a Tillage, so many iives could
be lost but a rtcent visit to tne fields
of desolation and deatb trnde ns wonder
how any were saved.
From Oconto, twenty-fire mi'es norlb
of Green ISiy. we went by teams through
tbe burnt district 10 tbe Sugar BusU,
Penbtigo, and Marinette. Tbe fire came
close to Oconto, tbe people having to
work bernicolly te save tbo city. For
the first t-ipht miles north of tbe city the
country was burned over, destroying
Immense quantities of limber and soma
houses, bca rwly an acre of gt ootid es
caped unburned. If the owners could
cut the pine which was burned so badly
s to kill it, and get it manufactured into
lumber this year, tbe loss would not be
so fearful; but it wculd be impossible to
cut so much in one year.
Eight miles north or Oconto the torna
do began its terrible wik 01 destruction.
From this point to Publico, a distance
ot twelve miles, the tuiber was very
heavy. Where tbe tornado began tbe
timber was mostly ploe, and turtber on
it consisted of oak. keuch.and maple,
msny trees running tip eighty feet to tbe
first limbs. It is probable that tbo tor
nado carried the fire along with it with
wonderful rapidity. For mile after mile
not a tree ot any size was lett standing,
only a sapling here and there, bending to
tbe blast, withstood tbe s'orm. Tbe
tieis were blown down, the roots, in
many instances alter tbe trees had fallen,
standing twelve to fifteen feet hitth, witb
rocks and dirt anions- them, were loft.
The ground was tl her covered with
ashes er burned until it locked red. Tbe
underbrush, the small limbs of tbe trees,
the bark, tbe leaves were all burned.
It seems impossible that a week ago it
was a lorest ot evergreen trees.
Wherever there was a culvert in the
road built of logs, and covered with
ground, it was burned also tbe logs in
the corduroy road, leaving the ground
hollow. There was no sign ot lile.eitber
animal or vegetable. Deer ana par
tridges were 1 j leg along tbe road bnrned
to death. About fifteen miles north ol
Oconto i the lower t-ugar Bash settle
ment. Tie road through tbe bush runs
eat and west. Tbe laBd is cleared back
and cultivated about tbree-quarters ot a
mile on each side ot tbe road. The farm
houses were scattered alorg this road
for a distance of five mile. Not a
building nor a fence Is left. Tbe clover
fields were burnt over as If stubble:
everv slump was burnt black and
in m iny instances in plowed fields the
stumps were burned entirely up, leaving
boles in tbe ground where tbe roots bad
bees The heat must have been iniense.
We saw the iron work of a wsitoa by
the road side, and there was no evidences
of any combustible material near tbe
waoon. and vet not a splinter of wood
work ol the wagon was lett. The skeins
has! drooped in their proper places, with
the ties lying around them. The cLain
used to fasten tbe oxtn to the wagon
wss stretched out from where the tor
ward exU would have been, aud at the
other end of the chain lay the irons ot
tbe end of the tongue.
Near bv where every farm house bad
stood, were lying dead horses, cattle at d
hogs. Some of tbe hoises were barnetsed
and bridled. Through this settlement
runs a small stream of water the fish in
it were dead. In tbls district but one
family were saved. Tbey ran down Into
a creek behiDd a small wound of carta
others went into tbe stream, but, were
found dead. None of tbe Inhabitants
were burned in their houses. Tbey were
found scattered in tbe fields. Twenty
is bodies were found in one field, i I.
11..,..
u ji. 1 J
i 1 r i
VOL.5XI?:0.!2G.
PEKRYSBURG, WOOD CO., OHIO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1871
ill
$1.50 IN ADVANCE
A Mr. May wis loumf flireb quarters
of a mjle northwest ot his house, his wife
nbrtut- ibo lamo distance borlb, and bis
little boy, lour' years old, the same dis
tance) northeast. The Newberry families,
qocsistlng of seventeen persons, wore all
lost. Tbey lived near each other. They
owned a mill and three farms. Old Mr.
Newberry was not found r Charles New
berry ran about halt a mile and fell, and
his two little boys, rnotiing hand in
hand, were fonnd a nttlfbeyond their
rattier, lying siue Dy siae, wnue wue ana
mother was found on tbe road near a
bridge she forgetful ot her own suffer
ing, tried to save her babe. Her charred
hand wns pressing tbe head ot her child
upon tbe ground so that, it might not
breathe the fire. The child's face was
nil that was uoinurel. One of the New
berrys was found dead in the water un
der the bridge.
Cbarlca Limb took bis wife and four
children in a wagon when the fire began;
the horse became unmaiingable and tan
away; tbe children Wef thrown out one
by one; Mrs. Lamb'J''J thrown ont.
Mr. Lamb was drng'gea Into tbe corner
ot a field, and was tbe only one of that
family saved. Mrs. Caroline England,
rrpecting to be confined every hour, rode
four and a half miles to Peshttgo, stood
in tbe water five bouts, saved three out
ot four of her sister's children, and give
birth to a dangbter the dav alter. In
the middle ol bugar Bush, a boy jumped
into a barrel ot rain water that stood
near the house, but seeing his father and
mother in a grten turnip patch, started
to go to thrtu; but getting badly burned
as he tried to climb the fence, be went
back and got Into tbe barrel again. The
father and mother were burned. The
boy was found there, two days alter,
alive.
One woman with a biliy ten days old,
and tour other small children, displayed
more bravery tban many a general on the
batllo field. Hue gathered her children
around her and picked tbe coals oft her
family as they fell. Slxe was badly bnrn
ed, and cue of her children has since
d.sd, but tbe babe escaped. Mr. Tanner
tried to save his wile aed two children;
when his wife le.l dead.be took a child
nnder each arm and started on the 'ran.
His children died in his arms, and tbea
be drew a knife and tried to take bis own
lite. After stabbisg himself twice, and
belore be cuuld accomplish his design, a
limb of a tree knocked bim insensible,
and thus his life was saved.
I will mention one case of a little girl,
12 years old, 'who saved ber little. sister
from death, but who was advised by
many to desist from the attempt lest she
herself should perish. She heeded them
not, but by the most heroic efforts she
succeeded in rescuing ber little sister from
the merciless flames. Her father, moth
er, brothers, anicther sisters perished in
the devouring element. And after the
fire had abated somewhat, she worked
away back over hot ashes and burning
coals, and dragged tbe dead bodies of
ber relatives out into an open space, and
then stood watching their cbarrtd re
mains all day and through that long and
desolate night that followed. That is
child-heroism, the like of which, was
never recorded.
One man wss sick of typhoid fever a
young man stopping with nim took the
sick man out back of tbe house and bur
ied him in the sand. He was saved, and
is rapidly gaining, his health.
On Friday last, 2ti dead bodies were
found in the woods, and Saturday 36.
Tne woods and fields are literally lull of
dead bodies, and many were burned en
tirely up.
Oa bunday eight, Oct. 8, just alter the
churches wire closed, tor half an hour
there reiened the stillness of death. The
smoke settled down so thickly that the
darkness, like Egyptian, could be felt.
Then came light gusts of wind, and in
tbe south was seen through tbe smoke
and darkness faint glimmers of light.
The earth trembled, and the roar
of tbe approaching tornado and
the shock ot the' tailing trees broke
the awful stillness. .No one could real
ize the-approaching danger, when, in a
moment, the holocitist was upon; them.
The fire, in its maddening rage, could
not keep pace with tbe wind, aud trees,
and bouses, and men were blown down
that they might be more readily con
sumed. Men, women and children rose
again to tush like Bpecters through' the
flimcs, and tell separated from each
other. In this terrible moment men
thought tbe terrible moment bad come
when the earth should be burnt, and
tbey bowed themselves to offer tueir last
prayer. More might have been) saved
bad not this conviction seizsd tbera.
One man gathered bis family into bis
store, and resignedly walked to and fro
in tbe room, awaiting tbe awful con
sequences, and it tbey believed m
prophecy, had they not reason for
this belief "A any of darkness
and gloominess, a day of clouds and
thick darkness, as the morning spread
upon the mountains. A fire devoureth
before .them, and behind them a flame
burnetb; the land is as the Garden el
Eden before them, and behind tbem a
desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing
shall escape tbem. The appearance of
thorn is as the appearance of horses and
as horsemen, so shall tbey run. Tbe
earth shall qiake belore them; the
heavens shall tremblo and the sun and
tbe moon shall be dark, and the stars
shall withdraw their shining."
rue best data gave tbe loss in tbe
Sogar Bush and Peshtigo at eight hun
dred. On tbe east shore forty bodies
were found in one field. Tbey had fled
to the field hoping to escape, and they
ran in the worst place possible. Email
were more safe than fields,
J. H. HAUSER.
J. H. HAUSER. Graphic Description of the Destruction
of Manistee.
General Bvron K. Cutcheon contrlbu
fes to the Grand Rapids Eagle the follow
ing vivid description of the burning ef
Manistee
I will give your readers as intelligible
and clear an account as 1 can ot we
ORIGIN, PROGRESS AND EXTENT OF THE
CONFLAGRATION.
Manistee Lake la a bodv ot water
near! v five miles long and from one-fourth
to three-fourths ot a mile wide, lying
nearly parallel with, and about a mile or
two irom i.ane ansnigaa. near me
northern extremity it is connected with
tbe latter lake bv the Manistee Kiver
large navigable stream, from 73 to 125
van's in width. O it the north side of
1 tie river, Dciween me two isaes, lay me
First Ward of tbe ttly, and on tbe south
side of the river (toward Grand lispids,)
and adjacent to it, divided nearly equally
bv Maple street, on which
was the swing bridge, lay the Third ward,
next tbe Manistee, or as ft is more gen
er&llv culled "little lake." and the Becond
ward to the west, next tbe "big lake,"
or Lake Michigan.' To the southeast,
bordering on the "little late" was the
Fourth ward. The Third was the most
populous and embraced the greater pirt
.of the foreign and poor population. The
vcoud ward was the best built part of
the town, especially that part between
Oak and Maple streets. Within the city
'limits, and directly south of the space
embraced between tbe latter named
streets, was a tract, pf about twenty acres
01 aeuu sxuiiwa luresi me trees uaruy
standing and partly lyhjg upon tbe
ground, but the-whole as dry as tinder
anu as-oouiDUfliiuw as gunpowucr.
On the fatal Sunday, Ootober 8, tbo fire
alarm sounded at about 0 a. m., otid the
Fire Department hastened with the
steamer to the vlclnUv ot Gilford Rud-
deck's mills in the Fourth Wnrd, where
an old chopping was turning furiously,
and threatening destruction to that part
ol town. By tne most tin wearied efforts,
continued all day, the fire was subdued,
and that part of the town was snved.
About dark the engine returned to its
quarters. it was scarcely tioueoo wben
tne wind, which had been blowing heavy
all day, rose to a perloct gale.
At about ft p. m. while tbe fire in the
Fourth Ward was burning, an-alarm
whistle was heard from tho east side of
Manistee Lake, and through Urn thick
smoke it was discovered Hint the large
steam mill of Mngill Canflold, on
Blackbird Island, was In flume. In an
incredibly short space ot time, mill,
boarding-house, stables, sliopi, d.'cka
and lumper were consumed.
As soon as darkness began to close In.
a lurid light appeared in tbe south-west
on tbe shore ot Lake Michignn, showing
the pine woods that line tbe shore were
oa fire. About 9:30 r. m., just as tbe
people were returning from evening
services, the fire alarm again sounded,
and every one now wns on tbo alert, to
thewiBd was blowing; a fierce gale.
Instantly a red angry glare lighted up
the western sky near the mouth of the
river. The fire department rushed to
the rescue. At tbe mouth wero loci'ed
the large mill and interests ot John
Canfield, with' board ing-houae and
about twenty-fivo or thirty dwellings.
On the beach several acres
were covered with pine sawdust, highly
inflammable. Along tbe river near tbe
piers were piled several hundred cords of
dry pine slabs (fuel lor lugs.) Down
from the circling hills on the lake
shore pounced tbo devouring monster.
Tne burning sawdast, whirled by the
gale in fiery clouds, filled the air. Hun
dreds of cords of dry pitchy slabs s nt
up great columns of red flame, that
swayed in the sir like mighty banners of
fire swept across tbe Manistee, 200
feet wide, and almost instantly, like great
fiery tongues, licked up the Government
lighthouse, built at a cost ot nearly $10,
000, and situated 150 feet from the north
bank of tbe river.
A large fleet of vessels, wind bound,
lay opposite Can Hold's mill, with four
tugs, including the three large baric s ol
Tyson Robinson and the great steam
tug Bismarck, Now commenced a furi
ous effort to. remove the vessels and
barges. The wild pufUDgand screaming
of tugs, the hoarse bullooiugjol sailors.
tbe loud roaring ana crackling ot tbe
flames, the awestneken laces of the
gathered multitude, luridly lighted, made
up a scene never 10 be iorgotten or ade
quately described. The efforts of tbe
firemen were in vain tne engine be
came disabled, and the flames came
sweeping all before them. But now
A NEW SOURCE OF TERROR.
arose. A bright ngbt came up out ol
tbe south .directly in the rear of the town,
and the fierce gale bearing it on directly
toward the doomed city. Those tvbo
resided in that part ot the town rushed
to the new scene ol dar ger, tho full ex
tent of which tew comprehended. The
fire had originated two miles south of tbe
city, on the lake shore. It first came
upnn the farm of I G. Smith, Esq.,
which it devoured. Eighty rods norm
the extensive farm and dairy of E. W.
Sccor shared the same fate, with all his
barns and forage. Another quarter ot a
mile and tho largo farm buildings ol
Mayor Peters were- quickly annihilated.
Here the column of fire di
vided, the lelthand branch keeping, to
tbe lake shore hill?, and coming in at
the mouth; the other taking a north
easterly course and coming in directly
south of tbe town, as belore described.
Here a small band of determined men,
fighting with the, energy of despair to
protect their homes, kept it at bay till
past midnigbt. nai ail was vain at
ball-past twelve o'cloek the gale became
a tornado, hurling great clouds ot sparks,
cinders, burning barkr and rotten wood
the air in
A TERRIFIC FIERY STORM.
Every man now fled to his own house.
The fire now came roaring on through
the dead hemlocks, south of the blocks
included between Maple and Oak streets
in the Second Ward. The flames leaped
to tbe summits of the great hemlocks.
seventy er etgbty feet high, and threw
out great flags of. fire against too lurid
Heavens. Tne scene was graccuy terrible
beyond description. To.u, whose
homes end dear ones and all were in the
track of file, it was heart rending. Then
came
A DELUGE OF FIRE,
like that which rained on the cities of
the Plains. The wooden town, the saw
dust streets, the stumpy vacant lots, the
pile-clad hills north ot the river, all burst
into a sea of flame, made furious by the
most fearful gale of wind I have ever
experienced, on, toward the river and
the Manistee lake, spread the tempest, of
fire. Men, women, nnd children, in
night clotues, half clothed or fully
clothed some bareheaded, on loot, in
wagons, on horseback, all fled for their
lives, it was pandemonium on earth.
Families were separated husbands
and wives, parents and children.
The writer, when he cave over
the unequal contest, south of the
town, tubbed to his residence to find it
destroyed, and for nine hours ho could
Set no word whether his fan illy were
ead or alive. They bad fled before the
tempest of fire across the bridge, which
burned behind them, only to be sur
rounded and almost to perish in the
smoke and lire on the north side. Every
thing went down before the storm dwel-
lioes with theb; home treasures, mills
with their machinery, stores and their
stocks, warehouses and their contents,
the fine swing bridge at the foot ot Ma
ple street, vessels and their cargoes, all
mingling in common ruin.
t roru i iitn street, nan a mile soum
of the river, to Cushman Calkin's
mil), half a mile ootth. of the bridge, and
from tbe foot of Oak street eastward to
Tyson Robinson's mill at the outlet of
Manistee lake, tnree-iounus ot a miic,
was one surging sea ot fire. The steam
fire engine burnt in the street where it
stood, the men and houses birelv es
caping with their lives. About three
o'clock the wind abated, but tbe work
of ruin was complete, wnen Monaay
morning's sun glared red and lurid
41HAaat. aA aVnaarta aVvi onnofl cl nmAbA
where bad stood Manutee, it beheld
A SCENE OF DESOLATION,
Scarcely to be described. In the First
Ward three buildings remained the
Catholic Church, the Ward School house
and a small dwelling and I should add
some small fishing sbanes near the
mouth of the river. The Third Ward
was swept clean except a lew buildings
near Manistee Lake. In tbe Second
Ward tbe six platted blocks lving be
tween Oak and Maple streets, and about
thirty buildings near the mouth, were
aweDt awav. The Fourth Ward escaped
nearly uuiuuuuuui wuu uu, ibwutui ui
J. L. Taylor, banker, formerly the
1 1 ,1 IVa An ,1 t
realdencaot 61. .biigieman. situated in
tho very corner of the ward, being tho
only one-burned, ilia loss was great
ana almost total. The fire made thor
ough work.1 The buildings wej-e built
moetlv on wooden foundations, and their
jery site was scarcely -distinguishable.
.1 vm 11
A THOUSAND PEOPLE HOMELESS.
A thousand him, women and children,
iioueolcss, homeless, nnd rmiviy of. them
penniless, wandered and and blinded in
tho black nnd smoking streets, or iiiul
taken rcluge on vessels, tugs, bonis and
barges to escape the devouring clement.
Noitiingbut the cleared fields ol Messrs.
Canflctd and Peters, south of tbo western
part of the Second ward, saved that part
of tbe town Irom utter' annihilation, nnd
hundreds frm perishing in the tempest
THE AFTER SCENES.
The writer of this, at ten o'clock tlio
next morning, found his family three
miles northeast of tbe desolated city,
having barely escaped with 'their lives,
With ilie rcanty clothing snatched In tho
moment ct flight. Tlien Whs seen n
spectacloto gladden thu heart I Every
house that remained wns opened ti re
ceive tho RuUcrers. llenrls and hands
Were ns open as tbo homes. Wo almost
felt It wortn while to sutler for the ssko
of witnessing bow much of geueroi-ity
was latent in hutntn nature.
WHAT OF THE FUTURE?
Tho work of rebuilding bns nlrcndy com
menccd. We have hope, taitb, energy
in tbo future, and some capital. We
have a splendid natural situation, at the
mouth of a beautilul navigable stream
penetrating the interior turougta the pino
forests, 200 miles, cn whoso bunks stand
four thousand fivo hundred million f ft
of good pine, most of which mii3t bo
manitlacturcd at and shipped front
Manistee, lic'pus thrctibh this winter,
and the future, though dimmed, is sale.
The Governors of both Mich'gan and
Wisconsin have issued pre clamnt ions
calling upon the charitable throughout
tbe country, to aid tlieir afllicted citizens
by donations ol cloth! jg and money.
The First Baby.
Ill Ihese pleasant days, when prrani.
bulators fill nil the pleasant places,
pushed by their neat nltetidantt, and
filled with n priceless parcel that, out of
all lis fom ol lnces and embroideries,
winks and wonders at tbo world around
it, we nre constantly led to remark upon
tho transcendent qualities, not of the
sixth or seventh hull so much as of tbe
first baby. The lovely litt e stories that
follow may tumble up in such clothes as
are already at hind, with only hero a
rufile nnd there a tcollop of th;ir own
good enough for vagrants but tho first
heir is to be, and is, a muss of delight
fully dainty newness. Fiannel is not
warm enough for it, swan's down is not
soft enough, and, if the hoar frost ot tbe
hedges, bedianionded with the dew of
the morning, were available, lace would
not be good enough for it.
What a rapture that first baby is in
the house where it conies. What Impor
tance belongs to all related, with tbeir
new dignities and weighty titles, while
the young mother, Just escaped Irom the
a-viul gsus.sees tbe little bundle on her
pillow, composedly sleeping or staling,
as if it had an equal right there with any
one else; and she feels a surprise as great
as if she had never expected it, together
with, perhaps, something like an awe of
herself on account of tbe great mystcri.ie
through which Bbo has passed. And
either parent looms in the other's eyes
into a wonderful and mighty guardian
angel, to bo venerated, for the time beirrr.
beyond words.
Truly what a pathos, as well as a ma
ture ot hopes and anticipations, hovers
around those folds ot limine! the pity ot
it lest tho halt of those anticipations
should never bo fulfilled.'' And what
moment the minor matters tako .upon
themselves AVhat contentious arise re
garding those chameleon eyes 1 what re
semblances are discovered to fan.rly por
traits, ugly yesterday as unknown shad
ows, but glorious to-day as Daby's ances
tors by what divlno instinct does it suck
its thumb 1 and what miracle that it
should not happen to be misshapen 1 To
thiuk of tbe day when it will go alone;
to conjecture tiio voice in which it shall
repeat The Stag at Eve;" to imagine
the hours when it mav undergo these
same experiences in its own turn; to
dream concerning the fate before it; to
know that this atom now of a day's ex
perinco already inherits eternity.
The time is too blight, the success of
the thing is too intoxicating, not to need
taesnauing 01 me rcncctit-m ot stiller
moments, when the mother, lying and
holding that tiny hand in has, feels that
what sue has tccomo herself she has
made this child that vlicre any sin has
struck its dark tap-root into bir blood.
that sin has gone to her child that
wrong wishing, evil imaginings, selfish
acts, now all come bnik to plague their
inventor, and more than that, to plague
and clog this precious spirit on its up
ward flight, till sho expiates tho faults of
years in tbe apprebcabion and sull'crirg
of an hour.
Yet, in tho ecstacyofthe blissful sea
son that comes but once, such thoughts
can have but brief duration; thcro is but
littlo time to spare out of the happiness,
out of the marvel, of this new being
starting on its courso like a new star.
Death tied from tbe place a moment
since; tbe great breath ot life blew in
there; and their hearts have just been set
Dealing in time ana tune with all hu
manity. Their hearts have carJght the
key-note of the lives before and the livts
that are to come; for certainly the child
less must be aware that they drop out of
tne world line aeaa leaves, that they send
no strength or vitality on to tho future;
they have no bona w ltb. it, no part in it,
no right or room in the great and perfect
race which one day Bhall blessoui out ot
mis; uuey iau Dy tne way, and are no
more.
But that first baby Is a pledge and an
assurance of perpetuity to its parent-:; it
links them, little creature that It is. with
the destinies of tbe planet as nothing else
can do; tbey will live again in that child 's
life; and they fancy that, carrying tbe'.r
noblest hopes and their bestiinto the new
generation, with virtue and heroism of
its own, it win giorily their passive nnd
undeveloped traits into splendid deeds,
vital charities traits that have slum
bered unstirred in them as the seeds of
oak and maple slumber beneath the
shadow and density ot dark primeval
pine forests. i.
Well, little perambulators, as wo, look
at you trnndling on in thesunshino, we
can not help thinking something of the
same thoughts that your owners think
concerning your laughing and cooim; in.
mates. Your little wheels axe wheels of
fortune and wheels of time; you are
chariots ef history and of lame; tliu
world waits upon you. And if those
who guide you understand ns much, aud
guide you well, calling health and wis
dom 10 their side, it wilt not ait in
vain, I'roni ltarper' liiuar.
Julia Greenwood, widow of a private
ot liuttery JNO 10, Wisconsin volunteers
who had a pension certificate for eight
uotiars per rnoniu, nus returned tne cer
tificate to thu l'cniou cilice with this en
dorsementt
"Having no further neo for this vellow
old Iriend, with many thanks lor its past
services, 1 return 11 10 1110 government
Julia Barret'
The pensioner has' re-married, e,nd has
now anew trienu mat sucks clocor than
brother.- .This, she cays, is better than
pension, although thu penaion was excel
lent iu its time.
Phenomena of the Fire.
Tl
'iioio nro some phases of tho nrfat m.
lamity wblcU loll upon this region lust
week, worthy of scientific investigation.
Tbe hslimovtv of tlio cooler headqd sur
vivors of the fires at Pcshtigoi, tho Sugar
Bush anM WillUnmonvillo is united nt to
one plicrjoinena. They say that the fire
did not como npon thorn gradually, from
burning trees or other objects to the
windward, but the first notice they hnd
of it was a whirlwind of fliino, io gtrat
clouds, from almve the tops of the
trees, which lell upon and envelop
ed evervthing. The atmoppliero seemed
one of fire. The poor peoplo inhaled it,
or tho intensely hot air, and fell, down
dead. This is verified by tlm appear
nnco of many of tliecotpsus. They wero
found dead in tbe roads aud open spaces,
where tbero were no vieiblo marks ot
flro near by, with not a trnco of b uning
upon their bodies or clothing. At the
Sugir Bush, which is an extended clear
ing in some places four miles In width,
corpses were found in the open rosd, be
tween tencesi which were only Blightly
burned. No mark ot fire was upon
them, but tbey laid there, as it asleep.
This phenomena seems to explain tho
fact that so many wero killed in compact
masses. They seem to have huddled
together In what were evidently rrgirded
at tho moment as tho safest places, away
from buildings, trees, or other infLimma
blo material, and there to liavo died
together.
Fences, around cleared fields, were
btrneJin spots of only a lew rods in
lengt.li, and elsewhere not touched. Fish
were killed in tho streams as ut I'tsh-
tigo.
Wo hear tho universal testimony 1110
prevailing idea among the terror stricken
peoplo ot thossplnces was that the last
day bad come. They needed not to be
terror stricken for such- imaginings.
What other explanations could be given
at that imminent time, when there wns
an ominous warning sound coming Irom
the distance, when the sky, so dark just
before, burst into great clouds ot fire, tho
bwists of tbe foreBt come running tor suc
cor into the midst of the settlements, nnd
a greatred.conauming.roariDghell olfire
fell upon ail round T Tho dreadful scene
lacked nothing but tho sounding of the
last trump and indeed tho approach of
tbe awful roaring and the premonitions
from the distance supplied eyen that to
the appalled imaginings of the people.
Ttiu Espy theory, we think it is. :that
continued and widc-snread fires will
bring on rain, seems to be entirely ex
ploded in this instance. Theso fires had
lasted nearly or Quite four weeks, rava
ging forests over a great area, and still
not a drop of rain. The rain only came
with a change ot wind to the northward,
and several days after the worst burnings
were over with. Green Ray Adixxate.
Sheridan in the Fire.
In tho terrible ordeal throuch which
the ill-fated city of Chicago has just
passed, there appeared one man, at least,
t un, wnue mo nery tide swept over the
city, was calm, collected and self con
trolled amid the excitement prevailing
all around bim. That man was Gencrrd
fcbci idan. As at Winchester, be arrived
in time to rally hisatmy and intusc spirit
tiis rem tng soldiers to reuew the
struggle which secured them a glorious
ictory, so bis presence at Chicago, when
tue citv was wrapped in flames, had tho
effect of inspiring the almost despair
ing citizens with the hone that all was
not yet -Mat. Pen controlled, tlctermitieel
and vigilant, tho hero of the Shenandoah
Valley played a part in battling with the
flames in the Garden City of 'the West,
which will add to his renown and cause
13 name to be slill more warmly cherish
ed in tbe memory ol his countrymen.
With ins banultii ot men be accomplish
ed wonders. Fighting fire with fire.
destroying to prevent greater destruction,
blowing up buildings, tho ruins of which
were to eoivo as barricades against the
fast consuming flames. General S'letidan
contested every inch its advance. As it
Heaven itseit smiled on the resoluteness
with which the brave soldier fought for
she safety of tho homes of the unfortu-:
nate Chicngoans, it let tail copious tor
rents of rain to aie the strugglers, and
thus the conflagration was staved. But
the labors of the soldier were not
ended. Thousands of homeless men wo
men and children were without n place to
lay their heads and without tood to ap
pease the cravings of hunger. For a second
time did Sheridan's tlioughttulnrES and
nrmy experience co ne to tbe ret cue.
Tho tents and army rations provided
through his forethought afforded shelter
and food for the sufferers. This tempo
rary relief bridged ever the interim
between the first effects of the tcrriblo
calamity and the reception cf the first
bounteous ofloriiigs of tbe peoplo ol tbe
whole nnliou who have never yet been
deaf to tbo crpeals of suflering or mis
lortuue. X, Y. Herald,
Sensible Words About Advertising.
The following is from the financial ar
ticle ol the Journal of Comment, New
York:
"People w ho sit nervously in counting-
houses, or behind their goods, waiting
tor customers to take them bv storm .and
making no cflort to let the world kno w
tbo bargains they have to oiler, will fiud
tbe season very unpropitious. Many of
tuose who have spent large sums in
hiring drummers and paying for othei
well known appliances of trade, have
fleeted large sales, bat swallowed np
too largo a share of tbe receipts in such
enormous attendant expenses. The best
remuneration lias been lound by those
wbo have returned to more legitimate
old-fnsliloned methods of pushing their
business. J We Say it, not simply because
wo arc interested iu thU line of expendi
ture, but as our best advice to all who
wish to be enterprising aro to secure a
larger custom, theto is nothing now so
efluclive to this end as judicious adver
tising. A little advertlbing may bo like
a gentle touch ot the whip to poor Dob-
Din's horse, "a mercy t brown away;"
but a liberal outlay, is almost certain to
bring it iu a lame return, and this will
last even beyond the current season. We
do. not believe that any one wtio has
valuable service or desirable property
to offer can fail ot a rich harvt st by con
tiuuos advertising on a large scale,".

The American Association for the
Advancement of Science promises to
meet in San Francisco next year, with
the hope ot having to loin them there
some of the leading English scientists,
as iiuxiey, iinaau ana uookcr, it the
Californians will smooth the way pecu
niarily. Seven .thousand fivo hundred
dollars ts required.
A Washington despatch asserts that
the Mormon plan of retaliation for the
government's action against polygamy is
to foment an Indian war from Arizona
to tbe northern bounds ot Dakota, to
destroy the overland railroads, and io
devastate the wholo western frontier).'
Tbe Mormons aro not prepared for
direct conflict now, aud the Iudiant
seem to tbem to be an instrument ready
at tbeir hands to be used againat the
nation without destroying themselves.
PESHTIGO.
Incidents of the Great Fire.
[From the Green Bay Advocate, Oct. 19.
a
ii
Mr. Slieriud.of Peshtijo, was aroused
on- Sunday nlirbt by tho servant
girl, after lie hnd retired, with tho lnfor
mation that tbero wns danger from fire.
He ran to the mill, attached tbe hose and
commenced wetting down tho 1 mill
When the tornado camo and ho say that
all wns lost, be ran to tbe house to save
bis wile and children, in wnicu lie sue
ceeded. After tbo village was burned.
when Mr. Shcpard euppceed he bad not
an article left bnt the clothes they had
on, which wero burned lu'l ot holes, ilie
servant girl went to tbo site nt tlio house
nnd dug up ont of the sand all his tcjt
clothing, the silver waro nnd most valuv
bio gocds, that sho had. buried without
his knowledgo, while ho was trjing to
save tbo mill. Mrc Shepaid lost b me
of her clothing", ns the fire did not give
tbo girl timo to bury it deep enough.
That girl Is a jewel.
On Thursday, the 5lh inst., Mr. J. G.
Clement, formerly a painter in Fort
Howard, lato of Feehtigo, was married
to Miss Tiudell, daughter of Theodore
Trudell of Mcnomineo. Tho brido's
mother visited themat Pcshtio on Sun
day, the 8th, and left at 4 pm. When
tho fire struck Peshligo Mr. Clement
took his wilo in his arms and started tor
tbe river. Thcv met a man with n
huckboard, going to save his wile nnd
family, but seeing tbe task was honelets
he started to go back. Mr. Clement
asked him to save his wife and ho would
do the best ho could for himself. 1 Tbe
man took Mrs. C. nnd Clement run bo
hind, holding on tho huckboard, but
finally fell in the rond and died from
suffocation. Tbo bride begged to be al
lowed to get out but was held in nnd
taken to the river, where sho arrived
unconscious, but was restored nnd
saved. lie was buried by the Odd Fel
lows at Menominee on Friday.
Mrs. ilsldenworth. a woman sick with
a fever, was on a log in the river at I'csh
tigo, with a child. Her husband had
gone back to the town lor some purpose,
and when he ri turned his wilo add child
were gone. Tbe lact was that a cow
came swimming along and rolled over
tbe log. She caught tho cowl by the
horns, and the cow swim out. with tbe
woman and child. They were found and
secured in the rsyer again.
Many persons are said to have been
drowned by cattle rolling the logs over.
in tne jjowcr sugar JJush Air. v. it.
Towsley was lound lying on tbe ground,
a child on euch sido of him, the throats
of all three cut and a knife lying on bis
breast. Tho father had evidently, when
he saw that oecano was impossible.
chosen to die by tbe knife ra;her than
endure tho horrors of torture bv fire.
About ten rods from them lay Mrs. T.
wim an lniani cmia on one arm ana a
Bible on the other, and a likeness ol one
of the other children on her breast.
Wm. Curtiss was found in a well with
tho bucket chain around his neck.
A man, a shoemaker running for the
river at Pechiigo, found a little girl lour
vcars of age an look her into tho water.
sne lay across his f liouMcr nnd lie swam
with her about hall an hour and saved
her without injury(alihotih he was cou
sidurab'y burjiuu himself.
Jur. j;ix cot his lamily in the river.
hall clad. The baby had on nothing but
a nightgown. Somebody brought a bun
die of bed clothing to tbo river. Dix
opened it. and look out a sheet Tbe
owner wanted to take it away irom him
for fear it would get burned, bnt he
secured it, spread it over his family and
Kepi 11 wet ty lurowtng water on it wan
his hat. Ho thinks he could not have
saved has baby without it.
1'. M. lirown mlornis us that Miss
Augusia Bartcls, about fourteen years
old, daughter of Fred Battels, Peshtigo,
was in tue sugar iiusu, visiting her grand
ot rents, Mr. and Mrs. Adam Newton.
When thu flro burst upoh thiiu she said
there was no use in trying to live, all hnd
got to be burned, and threw herself into
the creek, that ran through Stephen
Storey's larra. where she was drowned.
The cries and lamentations of the old
people were pitilul to hear.
rue scene alter mo nro, about day
light, lu front of tho company 'a black
smith shop, where a heap of coal was
burning aiidithe people hud gathered to
to dry aud warm laemscives, was heart-
reudire In tbe extreme. Men, women
and children were crying nnd wringing
their, handj, and -such exclamations as
these wero csmmon: "Where is my
husband 1" "Where is my wife?"
"Where are my children 1" Some find
ing their friends wero dead wished they
had died too.
During the firo roofs nnd chimneys
blew off with the force of the wind and
showers ot burning coals filled the
houses.
Next morning niany ef tho survivors
breaklasted cn raw cabbage a field ol
cabbage having escaped. Tho first aid
was a loud of provisions from John
Mulligan's railroad camp. Provisions
from Marinette arrived about noon, and
from Green Bay next day.
tvery one had sore eyes, and all wait
ed with their heads down, or bandages
over their eyes.
Tba first ones to collect the dead and
make nirar.gemcnts for tbeir burial, were
John Mulligan and .his wife. Mulligan,
(who will be remembered us. the prize
tighter, but whoso heart is' much larger
than bis mis,) saved his wito by carrying
her in ms arms irom jiaie piuce to una
across tho bridge and into tho river, a
distance of halt a mile. '1 here is the ad'
vantage of musclo.
The family of John Greyer, an old
Frenchman in tne Dusu, was lound, the
charred remains of three in tho ruins 01
the house, ana anotnor suit silting on a
stump near by.
A Swede sitting on a chair in the
Peshtigo Com puny 's boarding bouse,
was urged to flue for his life, but set
there and was burned with the house,
John Plusu died in his accustomed
place by the tavern door. Another man
died with tis, bands on the handle ol
Woodwara s force pump.
A gentleman walking through the
ruins in Peshtigo saw a burned pocket
kuile and a slate pencil and picked them
up. In doing so he saw a line of white
ashea the shape of a body, and a lew
teeth. This was the earthly remnant of
a Doy. 1
We learn that a woman in tho Sugar
nana, seeing me impcnuing doom, start
ed with a team and wairon with her chll.
(iron for Peshtigo. On tbe road she found
a tree tbat she could not get over and
immediately cut ono norso looto. cot tin
on hla back with her children and reach
cd tbe river at tho village, saving them
an. out wuu clothing nearly burned oil
Here, ou the bank of the river, she gave
UlllU UJ U CUIIU.
A mau in Pes ugo village started for
the river with his wile. Thcv stumble
and lell In the dense smoke, und spring
ing up again he seized, ns ho. supposed
ms who, unu got, iitr into the river
wuen inn smoke cleared away, ho was
uorriueu 10 una mat ho hud save
another man's wi'e, and his own wilt
Wis burned 10 death.
i b. y.v. rhuurftou 'Urother had
hip yard on tlie Island ut Menekauue
avwuscimuo untie scliooner Stella was
betmr reixiired. I.arpn 1 Imr nfr
pie flocked aboard ol her, and as tho lire
unt I..-I. .1.1.. l
r
ctilting lbnlires and lotting her n drift.
Mr. 1'. seized a handspike and threaten
ed death to nny ono who would cut the
lines, ond this held tho vefsel unlllmany
got on bonrd, end In fret, our liifornmnt
says, tier lines burned oil. Hho drifted
off Into the middle of the river, where)
sho grounded on a hnr nnd remained all
night in front of the burning town.
F. Urickelalr tells us how Ghat lea Uiir
bens, in tho town of Lincoln, savrd Lis
family of six children. Ho had a housfi
and store, nnd, when he saw tbey could
not bo s-ived, ho put his chilJicn In the
well. Afterward ho took ihem out nnd
futihem in tho mhldlo of a Celinnd
threw the gocds from his s'oro intot.be
well. In saving tlio last, cbi'il his face
was .baoly burned, nnd his shirt burned
so ho toro it off. Tho goods put lu the
well wero nil burtcd but ouo pin-o of
(launel in the water. Ila has been Wind
ever since tho fire, and in now in town
under treatment.
A young lady ran for tho liver with n
child in her arms; but, overcome by ttc
heat and fright, fainted Er.d wsa droned
by some one to tho water and saved. Ia
the morning sho learned that, he- sister
wns burned.
One old man, after tlio fire abated, w as
fouud to bo so burned in his sido that his
entrails hung cut. His lunula nr-d face
wero horribly burned, and ho begged pit
eously lor soma ono to kill him and end
his misery.
A little girl, an she c'un:; to her molh
cr'sdress.lookcd up and Es'.u d, "Mamma,
what shall wo pray?"
If you Eiipposo tho woist tuoiv t-lori'i
you ever witnessed, and each euow finite
a coal or spark of fire, driven, before a
fierce wind, you have some idea ot the
state of the atmosphere at tho time the
fire struck the town.
Mr. Johnson, in tho svgir bush, threw
his mone.-, witti some bedding, into hia
well, covered tbo well wiih boards and
piled dirt on (ho boards. Tho wind blew
cfi the dirt, tho boards Iburned, and all
the clothing nnd money were destroyed.
home one who saw tho tire approach
tho town from a distance, says there
seemed to be a vast cloud, streaked with
blood, which went In advance of tho lire
in the woods, leaped over the acl oiulng
Umber, and fell upon tho town.
I here were many phenomena, which,
aside from the fire, wero similar to what
have occurred during the tornadoes that
frequently swept over the country. Hoofs
were lifted from buildings and windows
burst in. Whatever was light and mov
able was caught up and carried forward
and burned, so that tho air seemed liter
ally to be on fire. It was no more than
what might happen in any timbered
country, especially whero tbe timber
was principally pine, in time of drouth,
witn urea scattered through tbe wood.i,
it a hurricane should sweep over it.
[From the Green Bay Advocate, Oct. 19. FOREIGN NEWS.
Pai is, Oct. 18. The finnl ratification
by Franco of tho treaty with Germany,
has been dispatched to iscrlin. liy the
treaty, the six departments to be evacu
ated by tlio Germans are declared neu
tral territory iu a military point of view,
until tho stipulated payments of indem
nity are completed. During that time
these1 departments will not be occupied
by French troops, and should France
not fulfill her financial obligations, they
will be Teoccupied by the Germans.
The Emperor of Germany has approv
ed tlie treaty with Franco, and ratifica
tions will bo formally exchanged on. Sat
urday. The Prussian Cros Gasrtte. contradipts
the account, given by Bcnedetti, of the
negotiations between Bismarck nnd Na
poleon in lsuo. It asserts that the Ger
mans, while at Versailles, lound In the
archives of tho French government u
copy i Bencdetti's writing; of the fam
ous secret; treaty which was published
last year.
Paws, Oct. 2 2d. A dispatch, from
Mete reports that serious troubles have
arisen between the .North and South Ger
man soldiery in garrison there, and that
several encounters have cccui-rod between
members of tho Bavarian and Pru?siau
regiments.
London, Oct. 22. Tlie Atlantic cib'e
companies have agreed, to allow tele
grams relating to tho relief of Chicago to
pass over the wires tree ot tolls.
English papers announce a strike of all
hands in the woolen trade at Dewsbury,
Bumhenng l-l.EOO for an advauco of ten
to fifteen per cent in wage. An early
settlement of the dispute was probable
London, Oct. 21. Subscriptions to
the relief fund of Chicago continue. L'p
to last night tho Mansion Houso fund
had reached 30,000; Birmingham 30.-
000; Glasgow 30,000. Contributions
have neen opened at Cardiff. Details
from York papers published, announce
that the deepest evmoathv is everywhere
evinced. The Times and other leading
papers urge a contiuuauce of the benevo
lence.
Losdox. Oct. 21. Tho -workmen at
Lincoln created a riotous disturbance
this morning
Napoleon bns returnad to Chlselhurst
Ho tells an interviewer that tke puesent
Government of Franco is weuk nud in
adequate to tho wauts of the country.
PAitts, Oct. 21. In a letter Oambetta
stated tbat though tbo Kcpublicins hive
been deicatod tuero is no leaaon to despond.
Fulton County.
The firm of Hunt llios., of Chlcai'i), former
reettlsnts ot Waufeon, had everything bnrned
but their books and pnpers. They are not dis
heartened, however, but propaso to try It again.
Coubt. The Conrt of Common Ilea com
menced on Tuesday moxulng, at Otlokeo, Judge
Latly presiding. f
Hah Killed. On Kuodoy cveuiug last, at the
freight train due at Archbold at 8 30 r. u., had
passed that station, a voting man by tho name ot
l'eter Hettatal, supposed to huve been either
lying or sitting near the track, was struck on the
head.by Rome part of tlie engine or cars, aud In
jured to such an extent that be died thu next
morning. The deceased was 30 years of aire, of
French decent, aud lived at or tear Striker,
Williams county.
Williams County.
Nkw Band. The J'nti ayn: A nuw band, call.
od tba "Bryan Gorman Band," has been organ
Izcd In this place. The. organization conelxu ol'
ten members, who have hired Q. W, Eager, ol
Centro, as Instructor. Tbey now meet cvory
evening for practice, and aro prospering finely.
The winter term of tho Dryo n N01 inal and C014
mofclal School will commcuco ou thu 3.1 Mouduy
of November.
Barn TlcimKn. On Friday nl'hta Imn owned
by ttoo. Taorp, southwolo! WiilimnsOciitur,
entirely cbui-uiiu'ci ny nru, loi uu-r wuu 1111 its
eoutenls, cuutlntlii'; of large iiitiii1trH or Wheat,
bay, oata aad airrieultiirul iinplt-inenui. The lire
wua commuulculed Irum aburn-iiK tree thai Mtoud
severe! rous Irom the buru. Ikmocrat.
[Monroe, Mich.
a
KmtASKAiiut 1'iie.nombna -At about four
o'clock Wednesday alteruoea. tho Ilcavuns lirt-
setited a mobl ruimirkablu u)iictuancv, I ho like of
whleh bus never hcloie lieou wiUuaiwd by the
"oldest luhalilluiit." Tho vky bclnir inmost
cloudclBS. ahiilliant rainbow was vlnllilo In tlio
heavens, nearly ovuihuad, wilh ihe aro towards
the snulliwest, white auotner cnuiu bo sein to
wards thu south, at an auirle of uliotil 1.1 deu'ics.
Willi the art) towards lh uut; and still snothcr
near the foatlivru borutou, w 1th Uio uio towuid
tho lenity. At vauvo limn lirllilsni suuUitga w.iro
viainie iu nintreiik iirtciioii, ai sett un-ir sp
Iienraiir wuulu Inillialoa terinc (talo. II tin
uv
.1 i
CHICAGO ITEMS.
--Wa fikan tho Jolluwinc Jntcicttifi,
iictts from tho Chlcngo papers:
Si-rrttRS IlA-srt.-a-Thero arsj v!
pfrsrntlri store the fnllowinirisapplfi:,
Flour snd breadstuffj, 2,009 barrels
meat, ao.000 ponndft gtnvrs, 800; blan
kets, 80,fi(H); tlothirg, fi.lO ensps; 'Dotfl-
ices, fl.COO minhel.-; niatrcsscs, COO; aqd
n l:Vrfl amount of onpnnd'niH'oellilnnun
nrilo'i C rrom thta It will tesren ttmt
tfliilo ibeioisa laroand promisieR sup
ply of briniiatuili, tlio meat and smii'l
j;r( cuj us nre not as plentiful as could' bo'
desired,, However, a riRideconomy will
bo brows'it to benr, and none hut1 iM-
needy wiil- ho (insisted. The arc at
present la'lnns for 130,000 persons tat
ono day, or for about 155,000 pen-ona for
four days, which is cttpposca to be sn
npprojtlmnto is'.linato of tho number
needing succor.
Tub Ci-iTcji ITotsti. Tho Cttslriiit
Ttciiso cfficial.1 visited tho rooms of that,
btiilditif; o-t Tuesday, and iccofinrpil
from tlie biinemont about PoO.OtK). t
in jioM uud $0,000 iu silver, which. ,wa
In the piib-Tiensiiry ii!. l'ofore the flro
thn safe roitnined $3,000,000 in jrrct-ir.
biiclts, $:i!ia in trold and $0,000 in fcilver..
VVtcii it lell from the second fl..or, tlio ,-dooA-
wns loicea cpen, nud iu coutents
ni'ifj d'st.iibiited, over the. basement
11 or. Thi'K'ceulMick:! wero burned, no
tinto of theiubeini; fouud,, Alarue p:iri
of the silver nr,d .Id w;ia incited, nnd..
will lavo to ha reeoim d. Seventy six
bnjn fnl! a1 1 that wet ft recovered wftb'
slnpoed yestMd'iy to Philadelphia by
Collector Mc.Liiin. Search for the to
miiluujif tiiur.ey will bo liituio 111 a. kT
()ajB. In tdo.nicauti'iio tbo (('"ird. will
Utcp'slrict watch over tho bilildinir, iiiid
not allow any uruiu'Cis lo npprosuti 1 U
phico wliero tho money is tmpposei ft
be.
Passes TLo :C.Jiuii.iUue ou Tiuns-;
PftrUtioM has a,'so b m cxlrtintly busyi,
Oa Tm aday ihero wero issued from
three district headquarters 453.p.isseJ,
convej lncr frorii town 0M persons. Al.!
Standard Hall, -Mr. George M. PullmnTV
issued p isst s to 10G persons, of Whom US
were men, 100 women and lo9 children.
At the Shot Tower, Mr. E. M. Blntcli'-"
ford issued pnsncs to 2U0 pctsons, ot''
whom 0 wi'fo mm, 111 women, and lOo-l
childree(.. Mr. Downs, ttoia -tlio. I'irst.t.
Coti:(ie;..ti.i:iil CIha-'iU, i'.HUCd passes
U pJUoi-S, No. l,V;i(;,l. KCOJijs,. Wtrtf,
Mr -c'eixixkoi "l.v iP.d Vl-'dr:'-William
15, U mI-.ii c r.l imu.Us his ciftire'
lor-sca by tho fire ill Chicago and ia tho
"VisCOLiih prairies nt between four srid
fivo millions of dollars. Cyrus II, Mc'.1
Cormii'k states his loss as bcinjr tot lest
thnti threcquarters of a milium, snd
eajs ho; will immediately borrow halt a,
million oud begin rcbuildm.
On the 15i.li Inst., Potter Palmer t-.le-l
CT.aphed to A. T. Stewart Co., of tuw3
York, as follows: ".Mcsus. Ailen
Mackey, and ail other liiin3 wi'.h whom
I nm interested, either as epcclfit or jjtn.'
eral partner, will pay in full fit lna'ui'ity.
Pleaso infona tho trnde."
A Chinsman'3 (iccotiat of the Chirniro
cahimity is as follows: "Mclican-lli'tilr
boy toko kelnsine lamp and milk rovt;'
cow kick over lump; up go Chicago."
A correspondent asks, "What has be
come of tlio pawnbrokers t" lie wan is
to know if they have packed up tbeii
pledges and left tho city, and, it they
navo nor, desires tiiem. to "hacfj out
their shinnies, "tbat persons having aiti-.
cles may redeem thciu. 'y
TnoDucn Markets. A great improve
ment was apparent ia fraiu circleayes'
terday. Since the fire tho produce ninr'
kets havo teen very weak, owinjr to a
universal desiro to realize on property
held here, for the double reason tliub
money was tcarcc.nnd insiirunea consid
ered to bo doubtiul. llencs prices ol
prain fell with a "looseness."',' Yesterday
it seemed as il all tho weak holders hai
sold out, and prices rallied. Thero is
now reason to hope thet our produce'
markets, which are so intimately identf;
fled withtho commercial prosperity ottho
city, wid be more healthy during tho
coming winter than usual. Grain is be
ing sent Eastward at the rate of 400,000
bushels per day, nnd the shipments aro
so far in excess of tho leccipts that tho
present rale of decrease would empty
our clcvatoia ia about three weeks,
lcnviair; them free to receive tho liberal
qunnt tics thni will be sent in during the
winter. If onrprcsfnt stocks of grsin
could, bo converted into cosh, it wouitt
add largely to the ability of tbo city to
rebuild, though it is true .JJiat a consid
eialdo portion ct that grain is owned by
parties not resident. iaCbieiyo '(5t.
Mrj.oYMi;sT. Thcro 13 employment
lieio I r all who choose In work. Tlirt
(.cninnd for laborers niul mechanics is
largely in excess ot the Supply, and suit-'-nbiu
nnd satislnctory- vages nre paidt
Laborers receive $3 11 day, and mechan
ics from sj:2 i0 to :J 50, according u
their skill, and tho trade they prultss.
picr-k-hytiB can et $4 a day, and,' cari
fiud employment until winter compt-ls all
oitt.rioor occupations to stop.
Water. Tbe large 'pumping worTra
at' tlo Wn'orworksare finished et liiRt,
and en. abundance of puro lake water is
now Uowin-r frociievcry hydrant iu tbo
city. Sinu the flimcs navo subsided
over three hucdrcd niachinistsh&vo been
employed night nnd day in the carnfiil
rcp.iir and inspection otthc p-reat engine,
which wns not so much injured that P
couUl not' ba readily repaired. It was n
enormous uudertukiaK, and a mech
anical Bchieycfutnt ui which Chicago
cau well be proud. OLlcngo breathes
freely ag;ic.
Brn.inNi Pekmi rs'. Tho Ti.ias-4, or
Tublic Wcrfcs is doing a brisk birsibesi
in the way of building pern5.il s, the rceoiVi
of wbich ntrnijihes un excellent, idee, 6t
tho cxicat to which Chicaeo has att
about rebuiMicjt heisdf. Troui the motu
uing of Tuciiduy, October 10;h, the day
alter the great tiro had burned itself tut,
tliero hcvo. been fitly permits issued W
tho lloaul, nil cf thco Ix.ioir for Eutst'an-
tial and p'.ima-acntbuiltliims in the burnt
rtisirici. iv) account is taken ol the
wooden t-'.iuciurei oprinfing up all over
tho city, lor which no permits are neces
sary, ior tlio temporary woodeu build
ings alor.g JjiUc Park, on Michigan,, uo
permitn nTe issued,- tho Hoard merely
granting tho privilege of occupying the
lots "fi r the period bt one year or more
at the eiicretion 01 tho Board; tho build
ing to La erected t'.ioreon to boa cue-
story building ou not over twenty-feet
posts." Im ree.04 the lenses beinc lilled
out bv the S r.ie-tnry of the Hoard. In
fcU iRsi-ieiint i? (stipulated the lent: of
the ground 750 per annum if a corner
lot, and f.'iOO lor nn inside, lot, each hav
ing a liOiit:igo of 'twcufV-HvC lcet.'rehtT u
depth of tohund;ed feet.'
NEIGHBORHOOD NEWS.
Henry County.
-V.u.k.
Liiiti niiiht Marshall Waters eamo in
to oRww-iiou of infoiuiiUutiof a dariutfplot
to burn und rub Kain leou. Up to this morn
intr he baa arrested four of Ibo ksdk, and
lodmd them lujiill, 'Hie pirlies, it aeeui,
biloimto the nave of tbievca nud robbeiH
that wero driven out of Chicago hIiico thu
lire there, uiul aro bualteruU over thu coun
try, robbing und iilutiduritiir, whatever they
cun lay their baud 011, They nihn.lt of a 10b-
uery e.'xuiiilllcu at NauseoD, ami
paper found in their prisheebi'm Iftll
ealo that tbey hud been pljyim; their iuu'i-
oua emu uv oryiu. it it aaiU tbry huil
planned to fct lire to buildings across 'the
canal, und tbeu-ltf drtiw tho peoplo from
1110 1 DUMut&a poiiioni or tliu tuwu, and
then rob tbo slorej, exuress elllee and pri
vulo resiliences hi tho upper cud of tho
village. Tbo se-ouuilrela will have a hcaiimr
before Mayor Tjhr tills inuriiiuif, anil if
Ihe'ho faoU ure substantiated, they may ex
pect to get Justice meted out to tiiem 10 lia
6cverebl extent. -Yiitvto4 tiljual.
Huron County.
y
ItELiKir KoeiuiY. Ncrwaik lua oiinnlxid n
LuthtV lUliuf baeluly to procure aid for u,
uffen-rs by rlro Willi thu following lit oi. oak-em:
I'lcfiileiit. Mr. 1m (lorwiitii Vlco "riraBldi'iitu
Mm. M. 1.. Men, Mm. 11. M Veowr. bt-crvlary
Mra. J. M. 1'iirr. Tuttfiiiur, JtlUa fcuruli e bapiu.
liireetom, Mra. J. Dewey, Mr. O. li. Wulki r
Mra.T. 11. tilrouj.', Mia. i li. JViniewe'l, Mm
win. Clii.u, Mrs. A'tri d Tcrty, Mm. W. 8. Wlck'-I-mm
Mrs, H, V- 1v(n, Mm. b. II. Kiillnr. Mia, i
Viii'troiMtr. r f