BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
ATTORNEYS.
ALFREB LAV.
TTORNET AT LAW. Office in m-;
A. mell' new hlock. nearly opposite
National Bank. Tiffin. Ohio.
April 13, 1TL.
B. C HOTO.
J. H. Rinorj.T.
BOTD A miDCELT,
ATTORN EYR AT LAW, Tlffln, Ohio,
flee No. MO, Washington meet,
atajr. C 1'L
Of.
tlEOIWS E. BESET.
ATTOBNEY AT UW, Tlffln, Ohio. Office
corner Main and Perry street.
Mimj a-
A. XX. BTERM.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR AT
LAW and Boileltur In Chancery; and
Uenersi Insurance A sent. Alter lion given
la projecting claims, settling estates, mak
ing collections and securing patents. Office
lo National Exchange liloUL, Tiffin, Ohio.
Jan. l.
imm MeCAl LET,
A TTOEIfEY AT LAW, Tiffin, Onto.
A to opposite the Court Hoase.
Tune M.
Of-
a. rtnonrgx.
i
a TTORNEYB AT LAW, Tlffln, Ohio. Of
A nr. la Pint .National Bank Block.
May ML
J. KEXjr.
A TTORNET AT LAW, Notary Pnbllc
Baa) Eatate, Claim, aud Oeueral Inaur
Anu Tiffs, Ohio. Off.oe In Grurn
imiI'i Binrk, opposite the Prrat National
Bank.
innsU.
X. L. altWEK,
A TTORSET AT LAW. Special etten
A uob given to all kind of Military
Cialnua Beak pay, fionnly. Pensions, Ac
Office In National .sehaoge Bank Blork,
!?afrj
lue Court Hoase, X:fflo, Ohio
1K HK1X A C llKEt,
a TTOKS-EYB AT LAW. Special alien-
tia gives to ooikwUotu and the aale of
Jn.il fahnlft!. .'iliai war r.k.ru.wou
Co s Hon, U's14ua street, Tltnn, Ohio.
Aov. M.
HUME AjWMAir
-i TTOTTtfEY .AND COUNHEIXoB AT
A LAW, and Interpreter In the Merman,
reach, and Italian languaeu Before the
civil aad criminal Court of the Buoe. A
cl'ae uw3y ana application to tine and
ouiw UvtMsaf la o)onrn of five yean
in Kranoe, ufirmny, fcwUierland, Italy.
Utaeea, tsyria, filaUjw, Turkey-Proper ami
Lngland, will. It 1 believed, the better reo
ranmn'1 him la thl branch of hi profen-
aioo. Uffioe Tkb Ur. Crawford.
yah, li.
W. H. PEAKCE, -j
CoiMetlaokpranpUy attended to. I teed j
and Mortiravea esecnted. r ire and Life In
surance eSected. In Orat-etaM eompaniea
vme In lovn ilall, front roota, on me lerc
MEDICAL.
W. H. BMWI, K.
HU YBICIAN AND BDrtQEON. Office over
f Volimer A Kirchner's Clothing Store.
Kaaianca,nnctionof Sclplo and Portland
street, oppoalte the College.
June22.lJt7l.-ly.
B. HrD. tilBSOK;
SO. 9S Madison street, between Main and
Jefferson street, Tlffu, thirty years in
practice of Medicine and Buriery, un
trauimeled by the principles and dogmas of
ay particular school, he has Impartially
Investigated the Botanic Eclectic Hydro
auiie and Homojopalhte- ayirteina. and
praeuaaiiy tested taoir ramediat virtoes.
fcuildejouKl to the Mealing Art. he will as
siduously apply himself to profeaainiial via
lia. Parueaiar lnatructiop given la Hygiene,
the aara of sickly children, Ac Office pre
scription prepared In the moat agreeable
form for medicinal use.
April IV, W71.-ly.
a. a. rumv,
PHYSICIAN AND BURGEON, BoutIi-we
corner of Market and Jefferson streets.
oppoalte theEpUoopal cnurch, office 2d door
c Jaaersoa street, soiiciia ana nouea w
CBsrU a liberal patronaaw, having the ad
raatagaof nfleen years experience In Easl-
srn rennsyiania ana ovenuree year, in
Tlffln. and uelns: familiar with the English
and German languages. Bpeclal attendance
given to surgery, uiseaaea ot women aaa
children. Medicine furn tutted when deatmd
A. S. BOtnUIGEI,
TT OMCEOP ATH 1ST.
Carey,
Ohio, will
professional
Xi promptly attend
to all
aalla.
Jaa. K, LSTL-tf.
H. B. aiBTIir, M.
HYHTCIAN AND BURGEON. Office
la Kmprra Block Washington street
ffln, Ohio.
3. r. EIIIlMil, at. ft
TlHYSrUIAN AND StTRQEON. Offlos
X tn aLlrctinar Block; MalnstreeVTilCn,
fThlo. RasBdenps No. Clay strec (second
W. H. TOTIat,
TTOMEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN AND
M BURGEON. Tiffin, Ohloy Offlos boors
frM to UtA. M-,and trom S te P. M.
rdytronl5jL.M.oIP. M. Office on
Market street, M door east of the M. Iw
sharch. (April U.
W. O. KcLKOB,
PHYBICIAN, BLOOM VILLE, O,
WILL attend promptly to all profecsionat
calls. Dr. Mcleod Is a regular gradu
ate, sod has had fifteen years experience In
t. practice of medicine. He gives special
attention to diseases of women uid children
July Z7,in-iy.
DENTISTS.
B. aAHCBAIT,
TKHTI8T. Artificial teeth Inserted in the
XJ most approved manner. Teeth filled
with gold, sliver or tin, warranted to pre
serve the teeth In every case or money re
funded. Any person living in tieueca coun
ty wishing teem extracted at home, prepar
atory to having artificial teeth, can be ac
commodated without extra charge by com
nunlcatlBg with me by letter or otherwise.
Teeth extracted without pain by the use
oCansaKhetica. All work warranted. OfUcu
inHione Front Building, over H. A. Bus
kirk's Grocery Store, Tinin, Ohio.
Mar. Is, 1871,-ly.
BB. CEO. B. TlieUXS,
DENTIST, Tlffln Dental Place, Market Ht.
opposite Fieae's Furniture Koolim, Tlf
Ba, U. Xeelh fllied, aad inserted oa Gold,
Aluminum Vulcanite, (Rubber) Pyroxyline,
sad toe celebrated Continuous Uuin. The
soxreetloa of irregularity of the teeth iu
aUdren wUI be faithfully attended to.
Tunm axtracted with modern Improved For-
Terms moderate. Office Boors from
A. M. UA f. al.
KtKXMnAK BABTIK,
TEETH Uiserled and extracted In a scien
tific luuiuer. All work warranted to
fir satlsfkiaiou. V re V' only Lieu list
titUteeuunty a lio have a license for tuak
tnnUia Rubber Work. All person wearing
rubber plate made by deutists having no
lieense. are liable to prosecution. Rooms
aasr First National Bank. INov. o.
Br. C. KEILIIARX,
0 ORG EON DENTIST. Offloe at hi. resl
O denee, eorner Monroe and Madbton
streets, opposite Oermao Reformed Church.
olS.
MERCHANT TAILORS.
TOIXKEBA KIBCHKEB,
f fSRCHAKT TAILORS and dealers In
1,1. Ready-made Clothing, Gent's Furnish
fhg Goods, Hata, Caps, Ac Constantly on
fcand Broadcloths, Caeslincres and Vestings.
Washlagtoa street, Tlffln, Ohio. Particular
attention given to Onstoin Work. All order
will meet with prompt attention. N. B.
e have the agency for the best Bewlng Ma
a-iit. bow in ase. Nov. B;
HOTELS.
TfFFTB EOl'HK.
GKlKZElt, Proprietor, Market BU, Tlf
fin, Ohio. The bouse haa been thor
oughly overhauled, has good stabling, and is
preparca torurnisn tn traveling puuucwmu
i in gooa styie.
WEST HOrSK,
CORNER or Colombo Avenue and Water
Vj atreet, tAaadasky, Ohio, W. T. West,
J-roprMtor. Kee.nt.ly renovated and re
fnrnlahad In nrat-elass style.
aept, M, 1871.
VEIL HOCBK,
OPPOBtTE tb Btate Hons. Colambus, O
WalstelB Failing, Proprietor. Thtsold
aad favorite Hotel reduced Its price per
a to $t on January L lo7J.
aauary 6, WTX-nU-if.
p WlkTBSOB A BCOTT,
T7ASHIONABLE BARBERS. Shop under
JT -tree. R. Buss' Book Btore, Tiflln, Ohio.
Svarythlnc ksptclssva. and tools harp.
April li.IlCi.
arouras
1 BCHITBCT AND BUILDER, sol lets eon
X trsoumrorsetingoiiuaings. wuirurn-
to araaaaaa suaciBoauons prompt!;
Aaarasa,
March li. UTr0-m.
Bosia,Tla,Ot
BCrBBKB CHABBEBLAIH
i BCrtTTKCT AND GENERAL BUILD
fX. KB, will take ooiitraeai forpstting o
L.oeks. Dweiilna-L etc- or wlii ovrses sac!
work. Drasnngs, Drafts, Plans, etc., for ev
ery dawtlDtton msde and furnished on low
term.- Residence, No. 143 Washington BU,
1111111,0.
Jaa.7ta,1S70.-L7.
BTKWABT,
IOCKBMITH A CUTLER, repairs locks,
j clocks. Bewlng Machines. Trunks. Cm-
brella,Ae. Grinds Bnrgeoo's Instruments,
razors, knives, shears, and all kinds of small
sdgad tools. All work attended to prompt
ly and satisfaction gnananteed.
National HiH Block, under Marquarrite
CTug store, 1 1 ran, u.
Mar. ura-ly.
CHABLJBS BOWES,
GENERAL Insnraeee, Real EsUlc and
OoileeUng Agent. Life, Health and
Accident, and Fire Insurance. Bpeclal at
4oMob given to collecting. Office, No. DO
WashtBglon Street, Boom -LBeeond floor.
--F g-TyT. -t rf
WILU1I WtLFT fc BOB,
r AKCrACTTRErW of Blank Books and
Al Book BiBdsra, Bindery iietween Ph.
r-swaJaw eorner and Leaspa Cabinet Bbop
rnaalnsteo tTT-t, TUB, t. -Best,
-a, iU7-.-
I
I
nn
TERMS, 82 00 PER
PPIF
YEAR.
TIFFIN, OHIO. THURSDAY
EVENING, OCTOBER 10. 1S71.
TRIBU
-1
"71
VOLUME 24 NUMBER 1
THE
IS
THE
BEST
AFFIDAVIT OP Sl PEItlORITT orer nllOTHERM.
BLINDFOLD TEIATS
Against btelmcay's, Ch tetter hi ff and other Pianos.
II fE. the nndeniirned, make OATH that at the time of the last Fair of the American
V InHtltote, iM-id In New York Immediately following the French Exposition In Pfcria,
two Piano made by Klelnway A tVm, one piano made by ;hlckeiing A Bon, one Pat
ent Arion Piano, made by O.C. Mnner,aud several other tnakera' InstrumenU were tried
anal 111 each other, by order and under control ol the officer of thelnstltute, to decide
which Piano on exhibition In competition honld receive the First Ptemlum "a UieMsf
7are Piano known." To obtain an Impartial trial, lu ire all of said Piano were eovereo
with papeni, nothat one Pianoeould not tie dixtlnguihed from another, (during tha ao
aence oftbe JudKei aul twice did they select one of said Plane a the beet which, upon
nnMverlnK;trf ttiiiet.proveltoltheild PATENT ARloN PIANO, awarding it -The
fSrmt Premtum" ovrr all othrrtor brina Ote bett Htjuare Piano knotrn to (Ada.
Thi trial wa after ChiekertnK A Sons' Piano had received the Legion of Honor and
Medal, and Htelnway A hotm the Medal from Napoleon; and the Judce of aald trial were
EDWARD MoLIiK.VHAt'Ell, Prof, of Muxlc, Mns.tal Director and Originator of the
Sew Yark and Bror,klyn UonaervatorlejiOf Mu.i((. D1 a,.
-HAkLKrt FRADKL, toe eminent and fsvorito ixmpoer and Planlat t Hla Hoyal
HlehnenBiheDucUunaveof Kax Weimar, Kinenach.
FKEDERK.TC R. liKAXDIKfj, Prolewor of Music; Teacher of the Higher Henonl of
MukIc, Ac, Ac.
A. D. Btrti.il AN, Organhit at Calbedral, Jersey City PlaniKt, Ac
J I' LICK Kll'HAKBT,
Hk.n'rt Mii.i.kk.
ArnrsT
llOHKRT
G. C. Masnkk, (In
?ntorand r(cntceofthe
hvoa'u before me th w 'AM day of .1 u I y,
THE PATENT
ARE USED EXCLUSIVELY IN
IIJStll MSMTOB
The nwnt severe test a Piano van receire is constant use
in a. Conservatory.
READ THE FOLLOWING:

It aflbrtamsmuehpleasuietOfrlvsyoa these few line as a very slneere testimonial for
th Piano Fortes of your maunfneture. We have now used the "Patent Arion Pianos" In
our Conservatories fora year, and have had a fair opportunity of testing their durability
during that lime. The Pianos have been played upon almost constantly, front morning
till night, and a piano must Indeed be a good one when It will hear constant ur without
showing signs of defection. As for remaining lu tune. It outrivals any Piano known to
me.
The peculiar sweetness of tone In the treble (as compared to other Pianos wltk th ordi
nary netbi agrane arrangement) is so niriauig mat t imvu iiiuihi rewara, won. ik
lag their lessons, that although had at at home what they supposed to be one of the best
makes of Pianos, still the treble was very wiry-toned compared with the"Arlon."
What make themstlll more desirable la their on I form volume of tone, which enables
an artist to perform a com position in its true cnarneter.
I n total, I can conscientiously endorse all that is claimed by the Arion Plan-Forte Com
nanv for their miner h liiHl.ruiiieiiU.asi considerthem superior to any other make.
Congratulating yon upon the great success
neriect an instrument. 1
l.n
lew I ora, netMraoer au, mi u. nc-iivi m,nnui'r.n, virenur,
CHALLENGE
To nil Piano tTanufaeturerH in the United States.
f TfKEREAS, The Arion Grnnd and Square Pianos were again awarded the Premiums
I V and Medals st the late Kalrof the American I nstltute, as they were In 1H67 and
Whereas, my object in exhibiting the Patent Arion Piano at till Fatr being mors to
nave tnem luny tesieu ny a inorougn linpariioi irini, in u puouc coiimv, man io ooiain
premiums; and
Whereas, some (so-called! best makers refuse to compete or exhibit, and as I believe I
am now manufacturing the best Grand, Square and upright Piano Fortes in the coon try,
without any exception, and as I earnestly desire to prove the correctness of my opinion,
while aatustlng a deserving charitable Institution, I therefore this day .and for thirty day.
Challenge all manufacturer of Planaa, to a public, professional, and mechanical trial
against the Patent Arion Pianos, upon the following terms, vis: Trial to take place In
the City of New York. The manufacturer of the bet Grand Piano to become the owner
PATENT
MAM
IN
THE
WORLD!
(iKVr.sny.Kn,
KllKK.
('HAH. BOLPWEOEL,
Ki.BHRT MOKXNKO.
Arion P1nn Forle.)
U. Ci.TAYIJlt,Couiinliioner of Iieeds.
THE
OF HI, III Ml (III.
you have obtained In the manufacture of so
reilimu iiura, very iruiy.
II 1 1 1 X- 4j. iVinvnca Tl I
I
w
or all Square Pianos entered in corrtetttion, and the Uprights upon the same term. One
professional and mechanical Judge to be selected by each competitor. Judges to be sworn
to decide upon the merit of the Instruments. When the trial of tone and touch takes
place, every piano to be covered so as to render recognition Impossible. When trial of
construction and workmanship takes places, each competitor to have one representative,
or to be present himself, to explain to the Judge the Judge the merits of his Pianos, and
other. of trial to he borne equally by each Hall
any
for trial to be selected by the Judges date of trial to be named bythe Judges. Th owner
or owner of the Pianos declared to be the best, to give all the Pianos to the Mayor of the
Cliy of New York, to be -sold as he may direct, and the proceeds to be appropriated to the
Department of New York Public Charties. G. C. MANNER,
Inventor and Manufacturer or the Patent Arion Piano.
jr. B. We caution the public from purchasing a cheap Arion. which has recently teen
put in the market, bearing the name "Arion." All genuine Arion bear the name "Patent
Arion," and only be pnrcnased from our New York warerooms, or oar authorised Agents
throughout the United States
AEION. PIANO-FOTE CO.,
No. 564 Broadway, New York City.
THESE &PLEXD1D PIAXOS CAX BE OBTAINED ONLY OF
RED FRONT stiU
It
IT I 1 ftTi
WUI
C HS
NOTWITHSTAXDTXO THE
r mT-.
DBOnnnr
L
I4i
i st
1 t L I
Mm
MYRRS WITLIA.MS
j i
t
Hare heretofore Ixn aelling their OomIm tlier auceeeilrtl in raising Buffloient
funds to purchase the largest stork of
STOVES Of every description,
HARDWARE
In
COPPER-WARE,
e V
VOQDEfJ-VARE. In great variety,
And everything pertaininir to their line
been brought to I lmn. i nee are JACTS. Sow is the time to
SELECT A GOOD STOVE
wrc
COOKING,
WHEN YOU COME TO THE FAIR
RED FRONT STOVE
PARLOR,

General Agent for Northern Ohio.
in FULL BLAST.
LOW PRICES AT WHICH
all its branches.
Of every style,
of trade that has erer before been
KEEP
THE CELEBRATED CAPITOL,
GOLDEN RULE,
CHIEFTAXand atl theleadlngBlyles.
j FAVORITE -Four column,
ACME,
UXIOX COTfAGE, and many other
tasty patterns both good and eheap.
RE Sl'RE AND SEE US AT THE
HARDWARE STORE,
MYERS WILLIAMS.
TIFFIN TRIBUNE.
QFULk: First floor, Wttt Xarktt Street.
IOCKES DLYHIYER
EDITORS D rROPKIKrORS.
O. LOCKS. C.M.LOCKE. .0. BLtUT
PCBL.ISHIO KVEBT
THURSDAY
EVENIXG.
TO ABVEKTUEKS Tke Trfkmae baa
a larger elrealatteai tBaai tBe eaaa
BlaeA aiamBrr f axiytag aerlBera
aay TWO yap era la the eaaaty.
Boat ride ClrrilatloB,
1.J28.
TERMS One year. In advance, 12 00 Six
month, ft (A; Three months. 60 cents.
ADVERTISING The Tkibcnk as an ad
vertising medium haa nn superior. It ha a
large circulation, and 1 read by a thrifty,
energetio clana of people. Advertisementa
nserted a low a In any nnv:laa paper.
z,
BEAUTIFUL CHILD.
"Beautiful child by the mother's knee.
In the mystic future what wilt thou be?
A demon of sin, or an angel sublime
A poison Upas or Innocent thyme
A spirit of evil flashing ciotrit
Wit h the lurid light of a fiery crown
Or gliding tip with with a shining track.
Like the morning star that ne'er looks back.
Daintiest dreamer that ever smiled,
Which will thou be my beautiful child T
"Beautiful child In my garden bowers.
Friend of the butterflies, birds and flowers;
Pure as the sparkling crystallne trenm.
Jewels of truth In Uiy lalry eyes benin,
Was there ever a whiter soul than thine
Worshipped by love In a mortul shrine
My heart thou hnst gladdened for two sweet
years
With raliilsiw ot hope through mist of
team
Mists beyond which the sunny smile.
With its halo of glory beams all the while.
"Beautiful child, to H17 look Is given
A gleam serene not to earth, but lo hear
en;
With thy tell-tale eyes and prattling tongue,
Would thou eould'st ever thus be young.
Like the liquid strain of the mocking bird.
Prom stair to hall thy voice Is heard
How oft In tne garden nooks thou'rt found.
With Dowers thy curly head around.
And kneeling beside me with figure so
Quaint!
Oh who would not dote on my Infant salnlt
"Beautlful-chlld, what thy fate shall be.
Parnliance, Is wisely bidden from me,
A fallen star thoa msy'st leave my side,
And of sorrow and shame become the bride.
Shivering, quivering, thro, th cold street.
With a eurae behind and before thy feet.
Ashamed to live, and afraid to die
No home, no friend and a pitiless sky.
Merciful Father my brain grows wild
Oh keep from evil my beautiful child t
"Beautiful child, may'st thou soar above,
A warbling cherub of Joy and lor
A drop on eternity's mighty sea,
A blossom on life's Immortal tree
Floating, flowering evermswd,
In the blessed light of the golden shore.
And as I gaze on thy sinless bloom
And thy radiant face, they dispel my gloom.
feel He will keep the undented,
And HI love protect my beautiful child."
i

THE GREAT FIRE.
Thrilling and Complete Account of the
Terrible Conflagration.
Full Description of the Origin, Progress
Full Description of the Origin, Progress and Devastation of the
Full Description of the Origin, Progress and Devastation of the Flames.
During Sunday night, Monday and
Tuesday, this city baa been swept by,
a conflagration which has no parallel
in the annals or history, ror the quan
tity of property destroyed, and the ut
ter and almost irremediable ruin
which it wrought. A Are In a barn
on the West Hide was the insignifi
cant cause of a conflagration which
has swept out of existence hundreds
of millions of property, has reduced
to poverty thousands who the day be
fore were in a state of opulence, has
covered the prairies, now swept by
the'oold "outhwest wind, with thous
ands 'thalbmeless unfortunates, which
has strVrbied 2,000 acres of buildings, j
which has destroyed public improve-'
ments that it has taken years of pa
tient labor to build up, and which has
set back for years the progress of the
city, diminished her population, and
crushed Her resources. But to a blow,
no matter how terrible, Chicago will
not succumb. Iiate as it is in the sea
son, general as the ruin sr, the spirit
of her citizens has not given way, and
before the amoke has cleared away
and the ruins are cold, they are begin
ning to plan for the future. Though
so many have been deprived of home
and sustenance, aid in money and
provisions is flowing in from all quar
ters, and much or tne present distress
will be alleviated before another day
has gone by.
It is impossible at tuts moment to
give a full account of the losses by the
fire, or to slate the number or fatal ac
cidents which have occurred. So
much confusion prevails, and people
are so widely scattered, that we are
unable for a day to give absolutely ac- 1
curate information concerning them.
W e have, Dowever, given a full ac
count of the fire, from the time of its
beginning, reserving tor a future day,
a detailed statement of losses. We
would be exseedinnly obliged if all
persons having any knowledge of ac
cidents, or the names of persons who
died during the fire, would report
them at this office. We also hope
that all will leave with, or at No. 13
South Canal street, a memorandum ot
their losses And their insurance, giv
ing the name of the companies.
THE WEST SIDE.
At 0:30 a small cow barn, attached
to a house on the corner of DeKoven
and Jefferson streets, one block north
of Twelfth street, emitted a bright
light, followed by a blaze, and in a
moment the building was hopelessly
on fire. Before any aid could be ex.
tended tbe fire had communicated to
a number of adjoining sheds, barns,
and dwellings, and .was rapidly car
ried north and east, despite the efforts
of the firemen. The tire seemed to
leap over the engines.and commenced
far beyond them, and working to the
east and west,either surrounded the
apparatus or compelled it to move
away. In less than ten minutes the
Are embraced tbe area between Jetier-
son and Clinton streets for two blocks
north, and rapidly pushed eastward
to Canal street.
When the fire first engulfed the two
blocks, aud the efforts of tbe undaunt
ed engineers became palpably abor
tive to quench a single building, an
Sort waa made to bead it off rrom the
north, but bo great was the area that
it already covered at 10:30 o'clock.and
so rapidly did it march forward, that
by the time tne engines were at worx
the flames were ahead of them, and
again they moved north. From the
west aide of Jefferson street, as far as
the eye could reach, In an easterly di
rection and that space was bounded
by tne river a perfect sea or leaping
flames covered the ground. The wind
increased in fierceness as the flames
rose, and the flames wailed more hun
grily for their prey as the angry gusts
1 1 .1 c
impeiieu mem oiiwaru. oucceesiveiy
the large wooden buildings on Taylor,
Forquer, Ewing and Polk streets be
came the northern boundary and
then fell back to the second place.
Meanwhile, the people in the more
southern localities bent all their ener
gies to the recovery of such property
as they could. With ample time to
move all that was movable, and with
a foreboding of what was coming in
their neighborhood, at least, they were
out in safety long before the flames
reached their dwellings. They were
nearly all poor people, tbe savings of
wnoseiiretime were represented in the
little mass of furniture which blocked
the streets and impeded the firemen.
They were principally laborers, most
of them Germans and Scandinavians.
Though the gaunt phantom of starva
tion and homelessness, for the night,
at least, passed over them, it was sin
gular to observe tie cheerfulness, not
to say merriment, that prevailed.
Though mothers hugged their little
ones to their breasts and shivered
with alarm, yet strange to say, they
talked freely and laughed as if realiz
ing the otter uselessness of expressinz
more dolefully their consciousness of
ruin. There were many owners of
tbe buildings who gave themselves to
the consolation of insurance. But ev
en that appeared to weaken ae the
flames spread, aad tkey gave them-
eelres up to their fate. Many of the
victims were stowed away in the west
nideof Jefferson street, wbile those on
Clinton street, caught between two
I luto, iicui lusucu mmmjf luailj All 1M1.
tueir lives auu 11 me ones, now ma
ny of these latter ones were abandoned
either from terror and confusion, it p
impossible to guess, but every now
and then a woman wild witn grief
would run in and out among- the
i alleys and cry aloud her ions. -i
The firemen were working with ex-
1 traordinary perseverance. Where It
i seemed impossible for a man to stand
i without suffocation, they carried their
nose, sprinkling the bouses opposite,
and endeavoring to stop its spread in
a westerly direction. But it was evi
dent by midnight that human ingenu
ity could not stem that fiery tide. At
the same time, so burdened were the
minds of the citizens with the confla
gration that the question of where it
would end never entered their minds.
Engine No. 14, which had retreated
gradually north on Canal street to
Foss' lumber-yard, or rather where
that yard had been two days before,
was suddenly surrounded in a belt of
flame, and abandoned, to its fate. At
that time the fire was running almost
entirely north, in two solid columns.
One was between Clinton and Jeller
son, the other between Clinton and
Canal streets. In that fearful advance
the fiery cohort? of the southern col
umn led, aud wbile they made their
onslaught upon the barrier of lumber
and frame buildings on Van Buren
street, bordering on the preceding f
nignt'8 connagration, tne advance
on the west had only reached
West Harrison. Bvfore the roar of
the flames ia that lumber-yard the
crowd stood in awe, though even yet
without a thought of the peril to come.
It was now about a quarter after oue
o'clock.
But, while it neetne.I as if thederuou
of flame had reached a desert, ami
need must die,a new danger appeared
to threaten the city. From the South
Hide, in the neighborhood of Adams
street, whereabouts no one on the
West Hlue could plies with any de
gree orcertainty.row; a column of fire,
not large, but horrrbly suggestive.
Htich enifines as could be moved were
called off from the West to protect the
rroum bine property, and tne names
left to die of inanition.
FIRE AS SEEN FROM THE WINDWARD.
WABD.
The Are of Saturday burned the re
gion In the West Division from Van
Buren street northward to Adams,
and all east of Clinton street to the
river, Murray Nelson's elevator alone
standing. The light from the burn
ing remnants of these eighteen acres
or ruins illumined the heavens on
Sunday evening. Precisely at half
past v o'clock the fire bells sounded
an alarm, and a fresh light, distinct
from the other only to those living
west of the fire, sprang up. The wind
at the time, as it had been for the
preceding forty-eight hours, was
strong from the southwest. This fire
commenced on DeKoven street, at
the corner of Jeflerson, and one block
north of Twelfth street. The wind
carried this fire straight before it.
through the block to the next one, and
so on northward, until it reached Van
Kuren street, where it struck tbe south
line of the district burnt the night be
fore. Here this lire ought to have
stopped, and here, under ordinary cir
cumstances, it would have stopped.
Hut tbe wind, though fierce and di
rect, carried the flames before it, cut
ting as clean and well denned a swath
does the reaper In the field, the Are
gradually but rapidly extended later
ally, and, in the very teeth of the
wind, worked backward nearly to
Twelfth street, and thence extended
east to the river. It worked against
the wind along the west line of Jeff
erson street to Van Buren. North of
Twelfth street it cast its burning
brands across the river .firing the tan-
yard of the Chicago Hide Leather
Company. As the fire widened at its
base, its direct line to the northeast
was also widened, and thos many
hours after the first sheet of fbune
had reached Van Buren "street, other
lines coming from the base would
reach the same point.
But the work on the West Side, af
ter the first through rush, was slow,
and, as late as 10 o'clock on Monday,
many houses within the area were ig
nited for the first time. Tbe route of
tbe fire was distinctly visible. In
five minutes after ths first flame had
reached Van Buren street fiom the
southeast, we could see the incipient
Are in the South Division at a point
three blocks to the north. The blaz
ing brands borne before it had fallen
into the sheds and shanties near the
Armory, and at once the blaze mount
ed high. The food here was in abun-
a
bu
dance. From the river to Market
street, thence to Franklin aud Wells,
iu a northeast direction, it made its
way, as if directed by an engineer, in
an air line, striking Madison street
east of Wells near LaSalle. But pre
ceding the actual blaze was a shower
of burning brands, falling upon roofs,
breaking through windows, failing
into yards, and each brand starting a
new file. The fire was In. full
blast in the rear of the Union Bank
and Oriental Buildings, before the
actual fire had reached Wells street,
three blocks to the southwest. In
like manner the Chamber of Com
merce building was in flames, the
roof of the Court House was ablaze,
the old Tribune office was half de
stroyed, as distinct conflagrations.
For a long time the Sherman House
resisted destruction, and before It was
abandoned tbe fire had commenced
a dozen places on the North Divi
sion. Any one who will take a map
will see that the line from the point
where the fire began to the Water
Works was theexact line of the south
west wind. The fire was not contin
uous. Standing to the windward we
could see the tire raging at various
points along this line at the same
time. The intervening gaps were rap
idly overwhelmed by the flames, and
shortly after Lill's brewery and the
Water Works were ablaze. There
was one continuous sheet of high
mounting flame from DeKoven street
on the southwest to the lake shore- at
Chicago avenue. No obstacle seemed
to Interrupt the progress of the fire.
Stone walls crumbled before It. It
reached the highest roofs and swept
the earth of everything combustible.
The gale was intense in its severity.
Having reached the lake, we on the
west had high hopes that the destruc
tive work would be confined to the di
rect path thus mown through the very
heart of the city. But the same ex
traordinary fact that had marked it
near the place of beginning, followed
to the end. It worked to the east, and
even more strangely, the wesU Its
progress west on Madison street 'was
slow, and it was not until broad day
light that It attacked the distilleries of
Myers uo., and iJoss nows, at
Madison street bridge.
The hope that, as tbe lire had ex
tended to the lake at Chicago avenue,
and the wind was blowing fiercely
from the west and south that part of
the North Division westward of the
line of the fire would escape, was an
idle one. Gradually all Clark street
was included, and thence to the west
until the coal beds at the river were
reached. The scene about daylight
was terrific. The entire North Divi
sion, from the river to the lake, and
as far north as North avenue, waa one
seething mass of blaze. The roar of
this fire was appalling. It proclaim
ed tbe fury of the destruction. In the
meantime, all communication from
the West Division to the south, at
any point north of Twelfth street, was
suspended, and we In that divisiou
had to look with sighs and tears at
the awful scene before us. Thousands
of fugitives from the other divisions
thronged tbe streets seeking shelter.
Just before daybreak there was one
continuous sheet of flame from
Twelfth and Jefferson streets on the
sou Ui.
THE SOUTH SIDE—THE BEGINNING.
At about twenty minutes past mid
night, tbe work of destruction began
in the South Division. While the
flames were Bearing the South Branch,
at Harrison street, as well as sweep
ing northward toward tbe burnt dis
trict of Saturday night, and before
any communication of fire had been
banded across to tne east side or the
river, a blazing messenger sailed on
tbe wings of the hurricane, overleap
ing a distance oi luny a quarter or a
mile, aud lodged against the dry clap
boards or a tDree-siory tenement
house, situated near tbe Gas Works,
about midway between Adams and
Monroe, and Wells and Market streets.
The momentary contact of the fire
brand with the side of the building
was sufficient to inaugurate the fright
ful carnival of destruction. The dry
siding took fire like a lueifer match,
and before there was time to turu
around tbe entire structure was en
veloped in flames. At this time tbe
Beighberhood known as "Cenley's
?--tch,'' utt 1 tiie rn.nt squalid, pover-
iy stneaen, crime s'.Ainea portion or
Chicago conUiiii-l but few people
awake or close at -iand, the greater
f-art being absent at the scene of the
fire across the lit r, while the women
and and childr.-.i were in bed and
-cp. A cry of horror and alarm
aa at once raised, but not soon
eoough, it is almost certain, to enable
the sleeping inhabitants to save them
rlves. rhe frightened wretches came
enwding out of the blazing tenement,
but sooner than we can write it,all es
cape from the lower part was cut off,
a&d there ia every reason to suppose
that from five to ten human beings
pensnea in tne names at tnis point.
BK7HT AND LEFT
the fire spread, traveling among the
dry tenement houses, thickly distrib
uted, at a rate of speed faster than a
man could walk. Within sixty sec
onds the ppace of one block had been
traversed, and the south line of Mon
roe street was reached for nearly the
entire distance between Wells and
Market streets. A lurid mass of
names was hurled bodily across Mon
roe street, toward the north, lapping
up the stables of John F. Farwell A
Cb., and the American Merchants'
Union Express Company, before more
tkan half a dozen of the hundred odd
magnificent horses could be rescued,
the remainder of the noble and valu
able jinimals being either tmrned or
suffocated within two minutes.
ACROSS WELLS STREET.
By this time the fire had crossed to
the east side of Wells street, and was
rapidly working eastward, sweeping
kfjsTerything In its course. It Is impos-
8jie to estimate the number of lives
lost in this locality, the area of which
was wholly covered with wooden
fram structures, all of t hem crowded
to the utmost witli poor lteople. In
H terror and confusion which pre
vailed, hundreds of women, with
their" broods of children, were seen
wandering about In a state of ho-ie-
less iNvi-iiderment, many of them
dimmed, beyond a doubt, to be over
taken and surrounded and lost in the
wilderness of flame.
NORTHWARD AND EASTWARD
the flames progressed, crossing Modi
son street, and extending east to La
Salle street at the same time. Stone,
ones or wooaen structures reii alike,
and with almost the same degree of
rapidity, and it had now become ap
parent that the entire business por-
uan.to the l&Re shore was doomed.
No one could doubt this as soon as a
fresh display of light further south an
nounced the fearful fact that the West
Side Are had
LEAPED THE RIVER.
At about a quarter to 1 o'clock a
regular chain of Are from west to east
established, the junction being effect
ed across the river, at or near Van
Buren street bridge, where the rows
of wooden buildings on Market street,
and the remainingportion of Conley's
Patch, south of Adams street, formed
rapid route for the progress of the
devastating element: What tle first
hre-an the South Side had left behind.
the second one took up. and, working
eastward even more rapidly than the
other had done, so that by 1 o'clock it
also had reached IalSaUe street. A
coalition was effected between the
two departments of flame at about
this time, and there the awful work
went on more furiously than ever.
FASTER THAN IT COCLD BE TRACED,
or, at least, faster than, from any po
sition of observation, the looker on
could accurately note the precise
tidings which were overtaken in
their order, the flames now raged to
ward the river and the lake. The fin
est of Chicago's business architecture
and this the marvel or all America
was included in the ravages of the
Are. At 4 o'clock in the morning tbe
line f flame and ruin in the South
Division extended from above Harri
son" street northward to tne main
branch of the river.a distance of about
one mile, having included the Michi
gan! Southern depot, the mammoth
Oevgen House, covering an entire
block of ground; the new and unoccu-
Eied Bigelow House, both of Honore
locks, Lombard and Reynold's
blocks, farwell Mall, all the line oi
seven story marble buildings on La
Salle street, the Chamber of Com
merce. Court House, Sherman House,
Briggs House, Tremont House, Cros
by's Opera House, the Dearborn Thea
ter, Wood's Museum, Hooley's Opera
House, the Post, Mail,Staats Zeitung,
Volks Zeitung, Times, Republican
and Journal offices, so that the Trib
une was the only daily newspaper in
Chicago left untouched, McVicker's
the only theater and the Planter
House the only first class hotel. The
Are had not crossed
DEARBORN STREET, SOUTH OK MAD!"
SON,
and it was confidently hoped that tlie
emt of the destruction could now le
predicted. People legan to lift up j
their heads and thank God that some- I
thing was to be left of Chicago, and at
half past six o'clock in the morning
there was good reason to believe that
the conflagration had spent itself.
Thnnkful and conteuted iu this be-
lief, largo nnmtiers of tired watchers
went to their homes, ir they had any,
to get a little food and rest. It was
as well that they went, for they
were spared the fearful renewal which
occurred so soon afterward. At about
o'clock in the morning a sudden
gust of wind,
A PERFECT WHIRLPOOL,
swept and eddied through Dearborn
street, iieginuing at Jackson street,
where, at that time, the nre had tnen
down to embers. Beds of living coals
were cauicht up bodily by the hurri
cane, and hurled against and upon the
wooden structures across tne street.
and iu a moment the tire had gamed
a foothold, and swept on once more to
the northward and eastward. AH
that had been left untouched between
Jackson aud Madison streets, and
Dearborn street and the lake shore,
was now doomed lt destruction, ami
as the fury of the first hurricane of
wind subsided, there came almost a
lull, so that the tire beg in to work
southward and westward.
WABASH AVENUE AND STATE STREET.
As the fire progressed up Wabash
avenue and State street,i seemed as if
it would be impossible to stop it.
Only two engines were In that sec
tion of the city, and these were pow
erless from want of water. After the
conflagration had successfully passed
Adams, Jackson, and Van Buren, and
had arrived at Congress street, a de
termined and vigorous effort was
made at Harrison street, on the west
line. Leaving the block between
Congress, Harrison, State, and Wa
bash avenue as certain prey for the
flames, efforts were concentrated on
the line of buildings on the north side
of Harrison. On the corner of State
was a wooden building which was too
inflammable to be allowed to stand.
Tbe proper method of stopping was
here adopted, and tbe principal actor
in tbe contest was thereafter a red
capped chap in a square box wagon in
which were also placed several hun
dred pounds of powder. The wooden
building on the northeast corner of
State and Harrison streets, was first
to go, and was laid flat by two charges
of powder.
Next to this, on the east, was a
three story double brick, which met
the same fate as its neighbor, and in a
moment only the front walls remain
ed. The effect of this was seen in a
moment, and the fire was effectually
checked, at least as far as the high
reaching, dangerous flames were con
cerned. Between the brick house just
mentioned and the church, which oc
cupied the corner of Wabash, was a
small irame building, which was an
extremely dangerous customer, and
extremelv danserous customer, and
partook of same treatment which cur-
ed the next house; but not until after!
it had so far been enveloped in the
as to seriously endanger the
church.
The last building was, in reality,




tub Trout? ncTirr vruvviv

and it stood iU ground nobly. It was
commonly called the w abash Ave-i
Methodist Church, and was one
01 tne oldest churches in tne city.nav-
lag been dedicated in lSo.. 1 he 1
blowing up of the buildingon the west i
the salvatinu of that end, and I
tbe church resisted the attack from
that side. On the north side or the
church was the real danger, though,
ivi luuaiety, tutric man m -.lam in
tvreen the nearest house and th
mIi..mU Tl... 1. ..a Itnnvtk. l.nilr
vuuivu. iut- iic.j, .."..v-vij
walls of the latter, and the Interven-
ng dinUnce. so far protected it that
nr.? hifiir rrvrLr fire Ptf-pnt tlio Arnirriiiii.
Ul tower on the northeast corner.TIi is
was extinguished by a citizen volun-
a ..u i
i-rtrr, in? uwvtcu suvst, wuiHirnn in-
difference te-danger
nd marvelous
eniciency in work.
turning
ilere, then, was the
real
point of the disaster.and over the bar-
tier formed by the church and the

I


t



t
i
i
1
I
overthrown houses the flames did not
succeed in passing.
Between Wabash avenue and the
ake the firemen were even more for
tunate. An attempt was made to ar
rest the progress on the line of Con
gress street, and it was partially
successful. The east three buildings
were protected by the vacant ground
between Terrace Row and the street,
and it did not ignite. On the Wabash
avenue corner the fire succeeded iu
passing the boundary of Congress
9treet, and attacked the brick block on
tne Bouinwesi corner. Here again
gunpowder was used to good effect iu
fighting the flames, and by its aid No.
aixuu .,riiuD was rejucru to a
heap of ruins in a moment. By this
means the fire was checked at this
point, and the end of devastation at
length reached.
1 IIi.nl. l j
j
SOUTH SIDE STRUCTURES.
The prominent buildings destroved
in the South Division are as follows
Terrace Block, Armour Block, Michi-
gan Central'.Depot, Adams House,
Massasoit House, City Hotel, Metrop-
oman notei, iremont House. St.
James Hotel, Palmer House, Pacific
Hotel, Bigelow House, Sherman
House, Matteson House, Nevada Ho
tel, Briggs House, Court House, Gas
Works, Crosby's Opera House, Mc
Vicker's Theater, Hooley's Opera
House, Wood's Museum, Dearborn
Theater, Shepard Block, Honore
Block, Postoffice and Postoftice Block,
Reynolds' Rlock, McCormick's Block,
the Western News Company's, 8. C.
Griggs A Co's, and W. B. Keen
Co.'s Book Houses, Manufacturers'
National, First National, Second Na
tional, Third National, Fourth Na
tional, Fifth National, Commercial
Bank, National Bank of Commerce,
Illinois National, Cook County Na
tional, Union National, Merchants'
National, Merchants' Farmers' Kav
ing, lioan Trust, Badger's Bank, II
linols Savings' Institution. Citv Na
tional iiunk. West Fire A Marine,
Telegraph Office, C!iauilr of Com
merce, Merchants' Insurance Block
Oriental Block, AHna Insurance Block
First Methodist Church, St. Mary's
uatnoiic), first and second Presby
terian, Trinity (Episcopal), St. Pat
rick (Universalistl, Swedenborgian
Church, Wabash Avenue Methodist
I partially ),Birch Block, Palmer Block,
Michigan Southern Depot, Academy
of Design, Chicago Academy of Music,
Bryant fc Stratton's Commercial Col
lege, Jewish Synagogue, Phoenix Club
House, Mayo .Block, Drake-Farwell
Block, Tribune Block, Journal and
Timet offices, offices of the Post, Mail,
Staats Zeitung, and Republican, Lom
bard Block, Sturges' Block, Farwell
Hall, Morrison Block, Arcade Build
ing, Stone's Block, Armory, Hubbard
Block, Chittenden Building, Root
Cady's, Lyon Healy's, Smith
Nixon's, Kimball's, Bauer Kolten's
music store, Metropolitan Hall, and
Music Hall. This list, of course, in
cludes only a very few of the busi
ness blocks of the South Division, but
such its prominently occur to us in re
calling the former condition of these
once busy street.

1
i

SOUTH SIDE STRUCTURES. SCENE FROM THE TRIBUNE BUILDING.
The sight from the windows of the
Tribune building was one the like of
which few have ever seen. At fifteen
minutes to 2 o'clock the view was
like tills To the southwest rose a
cloud of black smoke, which, colored
with the lurid glare of the fiames
which caused it, presented a remark
able picture. Due west another col
umn of smoke and fire rose, while the
north was lighted with the flying cin
ders and destructive brands. In ten
minutes more the whole horizon to
the west, as far as could be seen from
the windows, was a lire cloud, wit'u
flames leaping up along the whole
line, just showing their heads and sub
siding from view like tongues of
snakes. Five minutes more wrought
a change. -Peal after peal was sound
ed from the Court House bell. The
fire was on LaSalle street, had swept
north, and the Chamber of Commerce
began to belch forth smoke and flames
from windows and ventilators. The
eaxt wing of the Court House was
alight; then the west wing; the tower
was blazing on the south side, and at
2 o'clock the whole building was in a
sheet of flames. The Chamber of
Commerce burned with a bright,
steady flame. The smoke in front
grew denser for a minute or two, and
then, bursting into a blaze from Mon
roe to Madison streets, proclaimed
that Farwell Hall, and the building
north and south of it, were on fire.
At ten minutes past 2 o'clock the
Court House tower was a glorious
sight. It stood a glowing and most
dazzling trellis-work, around which
was wrapped a sheet a windingsheet
of flame. At a quarter past two the
tower fell, and in two minutes more
a crash announced the fall ol the build
ing. The windows of the office were
hot and the flames gave a light almost
hiz.ling in its intensity. I; became
evident that the whole block from
Clark to Dearborn, and from Monroe
Midison, must go; that the block
from Minlison to Washington must
follow; Portland Block was ablaze,
while everything from Clark to Dear-
born on Washington street was on fire,
t SO the fire was half way down
Madison street; the wind blew a hur
ricane; the firebrands were hurled
along the ground with incredible force
against everything that stood in their
way. Then the flames shot up in the
rear of Reynolds Block, and then the
Tribune Building seemed doomed.
An effort was made to save the tiles
and other valunbles, which were
moved into the composing room, but
the building stood like a rock, lathed
on two sides by raging waves of flame,
and it was abandoned. It was a fire
proof building; and there were not n
few who expected to see it stand the
shock. The greatest anxiety was felt
for It, as it wits the key to the whole
block, including MeVicker's Theater;
and protecting State street, and
Wabash and Michigan avenues north
of Madison street. When the wall of
Reynold's Block fell, and Cobb's
Building was no more, the prospects
of its standing were good. Several
persons were up stairs and found it
cool and pleasant quite a refreshing
haven from the hurricane of smoke,
dust, and cinders that assailed the
eyes.
Meanwhile the fire had swept along
northward and eastward. The Briggs
House, the Sherman House, the Tre
mont House had fallen in a few min
utes. The bridges from Wells to Rush
streets were burning; the North
western Depot was in a blaze, and
from Van Buren street on the south,
far over into the North Side, from the
river to Dearborn street, the whole
country was a mass of smoke, flame,
and ruin. It seemed as if the city east
of Dearborn street and to the river,
would be saved. The hope was
strengthened when the walls fell of
Honore's noble block without igniting
that standing opposite. The vacant
lot to the south seemed to protect it,
and at 7 o'clock on Monday morning
the whole of the region designated
was considered saved, no fire being
visible except a smouldering fire in
the barber's shop under the Tribune
office, which, being confined in brick
walls, was not considered dangerous.
Every effort was made to quench It,
but the Water Works had gone up,
and the absence of water, while it an
nounced how far north the flames had
reached, forbade any hopes of quench
ing the Are below.
SCENES ON WABASH AVENUE.
u?ls bv depositing them on the grass
plats skirting the sidewalks. For a
iong'distance these plats were occu-!
pied by families, mostly of the lower
classes, with their household goods.
Th. ii,-i iii. l.o.i .1 ii-.
ed. As the fire commenced spreading
'nn the avenue a wild scene of eoiifu-t
with vehicles ofall descriptions, many
drawn by men who found it impossi
proved ble to procure draft animals. The
The scene presented on Wabash
avenue on Monday, for a period
extending from 4 o'clock A. M. till
late in the day, was a most extraor
dinary one, calling to mind most
vividly the retreat ora routed army.
The lower part of the avenue had. at
an early hour, been occupied by resi-
dents of burning quarters, who sought
dents of burning nuarters. who s
fotv for themselves and their rl-.at-

niuna nf.uiritir lillf their entl.
fldence in this regard proved un found-
u i i:i:o.iiiijr;-ir.iiij3vxiic xji fuiiiu-
si(,n ensued. The street was crowded
3i.ii tn.Tut.ij. a v. .-iicct we to tiuwucu
sidewalks were filled with a bur
rying crowd, bearing in their urms
u'nd upon their baeks and heads cloth-
III their urms!
in:-, luniiiure, etc. Jiniiies uressen in
elegant costumes, put ou with tl-
I 1.
.itnm mem, aim vvnii
Lmullv .nimnJ nf .11 bi
their arm an., slmul-iers, tapered
I. nnilA flit nnnnnri..l I-.
p.H.r women, with mattresses ..pori
their heads, or weighted down with

lurnuurK imu?rei wuii weary steiw
tp i ne crowded street, nearly every
'one wore a stern expression, and
moved on without a won! a. ifthov
had braced up their minds to endnre
the worst without manifesting anv
emotion. Occasionally, however, the
waU of women and children rent the
air, unns-ing tears to tne eye or
thnU n. I t. C
those who witnessed the manifesta
tions. Poor little children shivered
in the cold night air, and looked, with
wildly open eyes trpon the scene they
could not comprehend. Ludicrous in
cidents were of occasional o.-currcn-,
lighting up with a sort of horrible
humor the terriblo realities of the
situation. Women would go by with
dogs in their arms their pet being
ail they had saved from the ruins of
Al 1 a
tueir nomes. An octogenarian ran
in a yard with a large cat enfolded in
his feeble embrace. Men drajrwint
feeble embrace. Men dragjrinr
wagons wore green veils over thetr
faces to protect their eyes from the
blinding dust. Drunken men stag
gering among the crowds, apparently
possessed of the Idea that the whole
affair was a grand municipal spree, iu
aKt -hey were taking part as a duty
tnat shouldbe discharged by all good
f'1'"9- Trucks passed up street
Jded WIth -nks, on which sat
,adle? m costly garb, and with dia-
monds in their ears and on their fine
er.-u But one day before tbey would
have scorned the idea of ruling In
anything less imposing than a lu lup
ous landau or coupe; but their pride
was leveled in the presence of the un
iversally imminent danger, and they
were thoroughly glad to get the hum
blest cart in which to place themsetvt
and their valuables.
The great portion of .he people
knew not whither they were going.
All KAa Iriiam m.,r. Al.-A 1L. U U I. I
nhl-7
move on. The stream poured south
wrvi t.r i,o..rn. i-.i i
ino filial frr.m i,0 ,T,
filled from house to house wlth-f
men, women, children, horses, mules,
vehicles, wheelbarrows everything
mat coiiiu move, or could lie moved.
1 rticKmeli ami express drivers were
nailed inim tne sieiM oi lions--, or
eagerly itirsutl by the tccuant8, t
l.
with the view of securing their a
i 'r
removing hoii-chold goods to places of
safety. In many instances the ap-1
peals were unsuccessful, theirservices I
having been previously engaged by
other parties; but when they were dis
engaged they charged the most exor
bitant prices, ranging from 5 to 1100
for a load, and turning up their noses
at offers of amounts less than they
asked. This class of people made
great profit out of the calamities of
their fellow citizens. Their pockets
may be heavy to-day, but their con
sciences, if they have any, should be
still heavier. Tbe instances of gener
osity were, however, far in excess of
those of greed and selfishness. People
from districts which had not already
been burned, or who had secured their
own goods, turned in with a will and
worked to assist their friends, and
frequently rendered aid to persons
whom they did not know. Good an
gels, in the shape of women, distribut
ed food among thesuflVrera, and spoke
Kind words to those who seemed to-
labor under the severest afUictJMi.
Human nature, God be thanked, -baa
its bright as well as its (lark sides.
In addition to the crowds pressing
southward, throngs of people moved
northward to see what theycouldsee.
And these countercurrents frequently
caused a jam that was almost inextrica
ble, liut arter great ettort, Interspers
ed with considerable loud talking, and
no small degree of profanity, the dead
lock would be removed, and the oppo
sing surges would again make slow
progress.
When tne cnurcii nn the corner or
Wabash avenue and Harrison ftreet
took Are, It seemed as If no limit
could Is? placed to the southward
march of the monster. An immense
throng was collected in the vicinity
Harrison street and Hubbard court,
and word was passed among them
that Laird Collier's Church was about
to be blown up. The intelligence
spread with the rapidity of lightning,
and then ensued a terrible race for
life. The masses Aed precipitately up
the avenue, helter-skelter, pell-mell.
It was everyone for himself, and tbe
devil take the hindermost. Little
consideration was had for age or sex.
Fortunately, however, no one wa.e-
riously injured in the fearfjl rusli.wid
the people poured in disjointed mass
es towards the various side streets,
many not deeming themselves safe
till they had placed several blocks be
tween themselves and the point from
which the danger was expected to
proceed.
And so the day wore on, the living
kaleidoscjpemakiugconstant changes
but ever presenting the same Aspect.
Excitement, sorrow, grief, terror, pan
ic, madness covered everything, re
lieved simply a few touches of ludi
crousness that were absolutely gro
tesque in their relation to all the per
vading horror.

I

SCENES ON WABASH AVENUE. ESCAPE OF PEOPLE INTO THE WEST
DIVISION.
So soon as the people of Clark began
to see that there was no hoie, and
that the lire was really bound to go
northward 1 1 an iiidetiiii'e point, they
turned their attention to getting over
t-itlie West division, where there was
comparative safety from the flames
and plenty of v.n-nnt ground ii wlii-h
to encamp. So, aince Chicago aven
ue bridge was useless, the whole tide
turned toward West Division, which
from Grove to Halsted, was untouch
ed, and promised to remain so. .It
was not many minutes before a steady
stream of carriages, drays, express
wagons, and vehicles of every de-:
scription, were rushing pell-mell
across that bridge, interlocking and
breaking, while the southern streets
leading up to Division were jammed
with wagons, which occasionally
caught tire. The expressmen and
draymen, stimulated by the immense
prices they were receiving $20 to $60
a load drove their heavy teams reck
lessly forward breaking down the
weaker ones and forcing their way
across liie river, In order to return as
soon as possible for another load.
Sometimes they themselves came to
grief, and then unfastening their
horses tried to find another wagon.
it
THE ROADS WERE FILLED WITH PEOPLE
crazed by excitement and liquor, or
stupified by smoke, and uo regard at
all was paid to them by the drivers,
so that at those points numerous ac
cidents were constantly occurring.
One man was driving up Clark street
with a heavy load, whett he fell from
n is seat and instantly broke his neck.
The team was loaded with trunks,
marked "Barton Edsall." Mrs Edsall
was taken from her house in a half
insensible condition quite early in the
morning.
THE WANDERERS
on blankets on i the ground. None of
i them said anything, but all sat look
flames ing intently at the Ore, which was
i immediately before tbera.Many who
1 had teams went as far west as the Ar-
tsiati well, where they encamped
j mained in the most rorioni and un-
comfortable condition, which was ag-
crossing Division street either scatter
ed themselves north or went straight
west, while many encamped them
selves on Grove Island, which lies be
tween North Branch and Ogden can
al. When the trains moved a little
west they found their way blocked by
the cars of the Northwestern road,
which had been run up there to avoid
the fire, and people were compelled
to make long detours to get through
them. Many unable to force their
way through the confusion at Divis
ion street, which was almost equal to
that at tbe crossing of the Bressina,
turned into the side streets and made
their way to North avenue bridge,
where they were able to get out with
out much difficulty, though much
hampered by the railroad trains after
they got across there. Not only teams,
but foot passengers, carrying in their
arms children or wearing apparel,
wended their weary way in the same
direction. One woman had nothing
but a silk sack, and another was ac
companied by a child, who hid In Its
arms a couple of cats and a little dog,
and crying itself, solis out, "Don't
cry, mamma." After getting out up
on the prarie, they settled down wher-
ever tliey could find room, some sit
tinir in rocking chairs, and others up-
r r. i
I around the larfte Pond, WniCh Supplied
them with water. There they re
7 T i l
i r
grvated ny me rain, wmcn oegan
falling at 11 o'clock on Monday night,
and which caused a change from the
warm and comfortable temperature of
1 the day to the piercing
ifheilavto the niercinir el.illnes. of
morning,
f
iuorninS.
i



I
LATE ON MONDAY EVENING.
I'hicago avenue bridge caughtfire and
soon leu in trie river. It was even then
even then
imiwssil .1 el nwm
Di
vision street on ummnl of the teams
winch were even then crossing. Ev
i 17 w.ii-o -T.?' C"nfu8i"n
,-,revail,nS- ea were sena
was prevailing. Families were spa-
rated and were vainly seeking for
one another. One. policeman picked J
ritui anti were vnitiiv fUHK.mar iur
i Y vv.
uc a three months old child which hail
been lost in some way. Since there
was no use raring the names. t"f"
gines arranged themselves along the
west bank of the North Branch, did




1


j
the best they could all Monday In
playing on the East and West titles
till it reached Wrigut s urove andfw
-1 I J 1
den's Grove, where it did not progress
so easily amid the wet timber. The
rain which began falling on Monday
evening -dampened the ground, and
sensibly detained it, Then it worked
back, acain and got hold of the coal
heaps and lumber yards lying south
of Chicago avenue, and make a clean
sweep of all that was left- there. So
brilliant was theliirhton Monday eve
ning that it was feared bv some of
those on the West Side that it would
cross over there and obliterate what
was left of the city.
WHAT REMAINS.
L nity ChDreh, which stands compar
ing k.Sk.
From Kinsie street to Fuilerton av-
enue is three miles. At Chicago ave
nue, the North Division, is a little ov
er a mile wide, and is still wider furth
er north until at Fuilerton avenue it
is nearly two miles wide. This vast
extent of territory is nearly as deso
late and empty as it was fifty years
ago. The only houses remaining are
the old Iowa elevator, which fronts
on the basin at the junction of the
branches, and some of the low and in
significant frames on Kinsie street
down in that quarter. The width of
the river at this point'.and the direc
tion of the wind saved them. Mr.
McCagg's house was burned but his
greenhouse was uninjured. The
house of Mr. Mahlon D. Ogden on
Dearborn street, and Lafayette Place,
was not oven scorched. The tower at
the Water Works remains as do the
building, but it is

At one time it was hoped that
atively isolated, would escape, but the
nope did not last long. A few houses
were also left on Division street, near j
the river, and one b'ocfc on S-iphia I
street, near the park. All the reM j
have disappeared. The block pave-'
ment, on which so much money had I
been expended, and so much of which
had been laid on that side of the river. I
has become honey-combed charcoal,
and utterly useless. I
The double engine of the Water
Works is not seriously injured in itself, j
but the foundations are in such a con
dition as to render running it danger
ous. The smaller single engine will
require entensive repairs. The larger
single engine is apparently uninjured.
Whether any of the engines can run
dependsjapon thecyllnders,which may,
have been sufficiently heated to put
them out of truth.
It appears that the readiest means
to secure a renewal of water supplies
is to connect everything that the
town affords in the way of steam
pumping machinery with the boilers,
which are uninjured, and the mains.
A large horizontal engine, which
formerly supplied the city, lies In the
Water Works yard, and could proba
bly render service. There are an
abundance of pipe and fittings In the
city, and It Is possible to secure a lim
ited supply of water within three
days, if the matter is pushed.
WHAT WAS DESTROYED.
Among the buildings of note on the
North Side, which were destroyed.
were the Franklin,- Mosely, Lincoln,
Pierson Street Primary, Elm Street
Primary, and other school buildings
the Clarendon Hotel on Clark street,
the North Side Stables, from which
nearly all the horses were saved, Mc
Cormick's reaper factory, the Chicago
sugar refinery, the Galena freight
house, the Ualena elevator, l.iirs aim
Sands' breweries, the tanneries along
the North Branch, the German thea
ter at. the corner of Indiana anil
Wells streets, Unity. New England
and Westminster Churches, the
Church of the Holy Name, the Cathe- j
dral, the hospital or the Alexir.ii
Brothers, the Jewish hospital on la
Salle street, the new Catholic one on
the corner or SedgwicK ana tim.wim
the convent of the Sisters of Mercy,
the Chicago Historical Society, the
Huron Street Station, the Bethel, Ga
lena depot, the Revere Hotel, Uhlich's
biocK, swing's biocx, tne natcn
House, the Humboldt House, Illinois
Street Oitrrchs. Armonr; Dote A Co.'s
elevator, Hiram Wheeler's- elevator,
the private residences df W. B. Ogden
J. L. Stark, Isaac N. Arnold, J. K.
Rice, G. L. Dunlap, W. B. Houghsta
ling, Samuel Johnson, E. I. Tink
ham, Tom Mackin, the contractor,
whose loss Is from four to five hun
dred thousand dollars; George F. and
Julian Rumsey, Edward Burling, A.
H. Burley, O. P. Fuller, Dr. C. V.
Dyer, W. O. Goudy, Obediah Jack
son, Gen. Rucker, the New Diversey
Block, near the Water Works, E. B.
McCagg, Perry F. Smith, and Phil
Hoyne were burned.
The Division street sub-station as
well as the one ou North avenue, the
engine houses, the fine blocks on La
Salle t-treet and the new buildings
which have recently gone up on Divi
sion street, have also disappeared. No
bridges remain except at Division
street and North avenue.

WHAT IS LEFT.
The only houses or buildings in the
South Division north of Harrison
street are the Avenue House, on
Michigan Avenue, and Lidd's Block,
corner of Market and Randolph, four
dwellings on Harrison street, and two
or three houses adjoining the Aven
ue House. All else is in ruins. Con
sidering the great number of large
buildings, it is remarkable hew few
them preserve any share of their
original proportions. The rule is that
the walls have fallen.
The noted exceptions to this are
the new unfinished building on the
northeast corner of Monroe and La
Salle streets. This building seems to
have escaped the conflagration. An
other i.-xception is the Tribune office.
It survived all its neighbors, and a
few hours after the buildings fronting
had fallen In, and the fire had ex
tended to other parts of the city, it
was attacked by a fresh current coin
ing in the rear from State and Mon
roe streets. The fire then took posses
sion and did its work of destruction.
The east, south and west walls are
standing, a section of the north wall
had fallen out, thereby Impairing pos
sibly, the value of the other walls.
The vaults and press room, perhaps,
have escaped destruction. The third
case is that of the United States Post
Offlce.Court room and Custom House.
Of this building the four exterior
walls are standing, and seemingly un
injured. The interior is wholly de
stroyed. The Merchants' Insurance t.ompA
ny's building, the Union Bank build
iiisr, the Oriental building. Chamber
of Commerce, the Opera House, Pal
mer Leiter's store, the First Nation
al Bank building, Palmer Hotel, Mc
Vicker's Theater, Farwell Hall, Ma
rine Bank, State Savings Institution,
the various State street edifices, have
but broken fragment to tell where
they once existed.
In a majority of cases the ruins are
within the basement excavations. In
but a comparatively few cases did the
walls fall out as a rule they sunk
down and fell inwardly. Tbe speed
witli which the buildings were de
waa anrrM-lsins. Of the Sher
man Honse there is not a vestige of
the wall above the sidewalk. A resul t
is that locomotion through the South
Division is easy, even for vehicles.
In the North Divison there is but
hniM atandin? entire. Except
fragmentary portions of the walls of a
few churches there is hardly anything
Uft to euide the visitor. The
treeta have but little rubbish on them
the wall havinir fallen in. The
streets are all elevated above the ruins,
as is the ease throughout the whole of
the South Division where tne nre
raged.
a
a
Figurative Expressions.
grammar? The present tens.'e
nue u'i,.n f.A, Dnt .nnear i
These, from the Boston Commercial
Balleiin are very bad
When a lady faints, what figure
does she need You must bring her
A figure head Your 4 head.
Elizabeth may have a good
hut the best fitrure for a Bet is 1
?ure,
Wtat are the best figures ror au o-
.l.tla I'u I'.tnnmnva II
What fimires do voa always find in
fig-
n iwa oo9 icar nn i-i'r
urtfs r jtj. ior liwu uuiuw ,,.u.
ureg
rn vou exnect a party 00 V
JL thinwhen fie states lite
!2!tr, ..,t numbers.' Or dont
hv lie "don't
you see tne iw--- r v!u
fin-
Hnl wheo ne s
.care a
yourt t
ical figure oust lie
1 e ---Vn.r.he noets sing of.
the tuiieiu.
Fve bail some advantages that no
otner married woman ever enjoyed
::;.r.mni whicn was wie lat-t hi
husband never lacerated her heart
D;r,lhn). -how his mother used to
oK
v
visure is a very pleasant garment
but it fj, s very bad one to
M.r The ruin of millions may oe
traced to it.
j
j
j
of Live nii m plaint
ro anefwinewi
fi n In
tfMMIwr, and bvt
mijWrJcen lor th
SIMMONS'
I tunmatiHin. Th
ed witn lew
in srt-nenil
of upprtiie and wickiM". bowels
with lux.' The head ts mubM wttn pain.
aim nun, neavy sensation, consideraoie loss
of memory, seeosspaama wttApaiaial en-
(sntion of having left undone something
whiin ought to have been done. Often com-
p:lninit lini
leMUtv :r'' spir
it-. f fimeft
manv 11 i :ilove
Hvmptom. at ten 1
he utsea-e. :ind at
inner times very
;ew of them but
lie hver la gener
s 1 1 y the organ
uokI involve--.
Oire the Liver
LIVER
nn. simmoxs'
Liver Eegpilator,
A preparation of roots and her', warrant
fd to be strictly vegetable, and can do no
injury to auy one.
r U1" heen used bv hundreds, and known
111 t yeaiaasoneof the most relia
oie, effleicioas and harmless preparation
hTiV I1 to ,ne 'uttering. If taken regu-
stoutly, it is sure to cure
Dyspepsia, bead-
chejaumtice.cost-
ivenetw, -wk neau
nche,chronic diarr
hoea, affections of
he bladder, camp
lysenterv, affec-
Ar ,KA b-
REGULATOR.
2'wys, fcyer, nerv-
BWW-B9SSIBBBBSnna-a..ntin-af- eh dit.
ea.se oi tue in, mitainty of the blood.inel
ancholy, or depression ot spirits, heartburn,
colic, or pains in the bowels, pain In the
head, fever aud ague, dropsy, bolls, pain In
the bock, Ac.
Prepared only by J. H. ZEILIN A Co.,
Drusreists, Macon, Ua., and ia Arch 5-t. Phil
adelphia. V.
Price t 0" by mail tl 25. Forsa'eby
HERSH1SER A MYERti, Tiffin.
At wholesale by
RKNO, ESTET A CO., Toledo.
July2t,lj:i.-ly.
NATURE'S
i-'' i .et t
m mmm
Contains no LAC SnrRTR-S SUG AR
0T IKAD Ifo LITHARGE 5o SIT
RATI 01 SILYKR, and Is entirely
free from the Poisonous and Healto
destroyln; Dmri nscd In otner Hair
Preparations.
Transparent and clear as crystal, it will
not soil the finest fabric perfectly SAKE.
CLEAN, and EFFICIENT destderatums,
LteVU SOL'UHT FUR AND UUAi AT
LAST!
It restores and prevents the Hair from be
coming aray, iiu1,.r4i a sott, cioy appear
ance, removes DuudruH, Is cool and reiresh
lng to the head, checks the Hair from lail
iiiK otf, and restores it toagreat extent when
prenialureiost, prevents Headaches, cures
ait numors, cutaneous eruptions, ana un
natural heat. AH A I'RKsssiNO FOR. THE
HA IK IT IS THK BEST ARTICL&IN THE
MARKET, 7
Dr. U. Smith, Patentee-, Ayer, Mass. Pre
pared only by Procter Brothers, Gloucester,
Mush. The Pennine Is pnt up In a panel bot
tle, laedoexpttMHly for it, wi.h the name of
the article, blown In the gtasH. Ask your
DrunK'st for Nature's Haik Kkstokative,
ami hike ao uther.
e send two three cent stamps to Proctor
Brothers for a "Treatise on the Human
Hair." The inlormallon It contain Is worth
t&'l.lfflto anv person.
lr Male y J. XAKO.I ARDT, Tif
fin.
July 13, lS7L-u:-ly.
MONEY CANJJOT BUY IT I
FOR SIGHT IS PRICELESS.
Tbe Diamond Glasses,
Manufactured by J. E. Spencer A Co., N. Y
are now ottered ti the nubiic are
pronounced by all the celebrated opticians
i to-tne pu
of the World to he the MOST PEBFECT
Natural. Artinclul help to the human ever
known.
They are ftronnd under their own super
vision, from minute Crval Fetiiilea, melted
together, and deriv. Ihutr aaruet Irtaruoiut,'
on account or their hardness and urillancy.
The Scientific Prlncipleon which they are
constructed brings the cor or centre ot the
lens dlrictlyln front or the eye, producing a
clear and distinct vision, as in the natural,
healthy sixht, and preventing all unpleas
ant sensations, such as KlinimertnK nnf'
wavering of siicht, dizziness, Ac. peculiar 1
all others in lue.
They are mounted in the finest mannei.
In frames of the best quality, of all materiuis
used for that purpose. Their Quish and dur
ability cannot be surpassed.
Caution. None genuine unless bear In
their trade mark stampon every frame.
J. HAsVT.WA.1f sr. (MX, Jewelers and
Opticians, axe Sole Agents for Titan, U., from
wnotn they can only be obtained. Thest
goods are not supplied to peddlers, at auy
price. Jan. LMy.
To'any producing any Medicine able to slssw
half as many livina, permanentcuresas Ur.
Filler's Vetcetable Bheuinatic and a further
reward of Inn) for any case of Neuralgia or
Rheumatism It will not cure. TtiHi febeu
matlc Myrup Is used Inwardly only, pleas
ant to the taste, and guaranteed free from
Injurious IirUK. it la not a uack Medi
cine, bat the scientific prescription of Jan. I.
Pitier, M. D Professor of Toxicology and
Chemistry, graduate of the celebrated Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, A. D., 114, whose
entire professional life has been devoted
specially to this disease, and hla practice
conflned strictly thereto. This preparation
is believed, conscientiously, under solemn
oath, to be the only positive, reliable, Infal
libie specific ever discovered. As an evl-.
denee of conndeuce In Its wonderful merit,
legal-signed contract will be forwurded,
without charge, to any sufferer sending by
letter a description of affliction: the con
tract setting forth the number ol bottles
warranted to cure, and In ease of failure,
ainou ul paid for Medicine cheerf u 1 ly refu tid
ed. This rilr and generoos offer securely
protects suiferer-t from quack imposition.,
and useless expenditnre of money. Medi
cal advice, with cert I neat from prominent
P.iy IciuiM, Clergy men, etc., who have been
cured after all other treatments failed, sent
by letter, grans. Aniirted cordially ir.vitol
to write (or advice to the prlt'lpal office,
Mouth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
liil-ly. J. M AKU L' ARDT, Agent.
11,000 IEW1BDI
A reward of One Thousand Dol
lars will be paid to any Physician
who will DToduee a medicine that
will supply the want of the people ucuci
than the article known as
DR. P. FAIaRXEY'n
CELEBRATED
BLOOD CLEANSER OR PAHACEA.
It must be a better Cathartic, a better Al
terative, a better Hndorlflc, a better Diuretic,
better Tonic, and In every way better than
the Pan-a-ce-a, No mutter how long it haa
been In one or use or bow lately discovered.
Above all it must not contain anything sut
S3O0 BE W AAD I
A reward of Five Hundred Dollar will be
paid for a medicine that will permanently
cure more cases or tostiveness, i.onstipa-
tion. Hick or Nervous Headache, Liver com
plaint. Bilious Disorders, Jaundice, Bheu
matisiii. Gout, Dyspepsia, Chills and Kever,
Tape Worms. Bolls, Tumors, Tetters, I'lcers,
sores, t'ainsiu tne lins,isiae antl fleau atiu
Female Com plaints, than
DR. PAHRNEYH
BLOOD t'LEAXMEst Oat At E. 4,
which Is used more extensively br nractle-
lug physicians than any other popular med
icine Known.
e-pr-oared by P. Fahrney's Bros. A Co.,
1 ijs-1"! Wayneslmro. Pa., and Dr. P. Kshr-
;-jr-" uey, :u North Deaniorn Ht .Chlce
ijf j go. Price l.2i per bottle, Forsai
I by Wholesale and Befall Dealer.
Jul". s.-Oi-to ch'e lo No. 2.
NEW MILLINERY"
DressinaMiig: Skou.
IfEtake pleasure In annoancing to the
V ladies or Tinin and sarroundingcouii
try.thatwe have opened a n,d
Uressmakiug rtaiiii""1"'?
four doom f-t
loors east of Nat
r4lariilfh I
red U.C servie'
A FI3ST-CUSS MILLINER.
v.wicnlar sttentlon paid to children'.
el.tfhtn? We will be ready to wait opon all
nnr friends and customers at onr new place
..r iKuUieM. Bleaching done to order,
o, iki-uio-. a u j? c A UUSLE A CO..
yr. IT!.-
Attention, Farmers!
ONE OP THE
JKEATEffT IJfrBOTEX E3TM F THB
ACE!
Inlth wsy el a
FANNING TVTTTiTi
Can be seen by eallinafat the room of
NIEBEL PENNINGTON
uvEx shut. nrra.
aslMI
BBS