gcngslmvg gouvnal'
JAMES TIMMOXS, Editor.
FRIDAY, OCTOBKU 13, 1871.
The Local Election.
Tli election in I'errjsburg tninlrip,pificiViff
ery qnictly,nnly about six trathi of the aggre
gate vet bving east.
Tb contest mhiilr existed on Representative
nd Pmeenling officers. Tli Democracy nomi
nated one nf onr o'd and most rrspeefcd cilixcna,
JlicnAiL k,'Y.ti., with (he Impo that liia
well known and deserved popularity would In
due tli Republican eitiscna of Ptrrjsbnr(f tn
desert their old fellow laborer in the parly ,Jnlis
Noaait, Esq. In that conclusion, however, they
diil nt succeed many great extent, as Mr. Nor
Tote trat only 36 leu than that cut for Out.
turn.
Bo In th ease of Col. Soannok, the nopuuli
ean candidate fur prosecutor, llio Democrats nom
inated a Perrysbnrg mnu, H.!I.DoDoa,Kq.,to
lun sgainst hiiu, with th h"pi to defeat hirn by
eombinatwn of the numeroua T. tori induntilied
with DoDGf In reli(ioua sentiment; those engaged
la Ilia rotation of the liquor lairs of the Slate,
and those who were personal? opposed to the
Colonel. In that the v wi re also disappointed, as
on counting the mte Cut. Shannon was lonnd to
be nnlr 38 behind that east for Governor.
The Republican Ti.teof Terrjsburg township
a vernor is nine ItsMban that cast for Gov
ernorllATHiii 1859, while, tlie Pens erntic rote
is eighties In excijs of that cast by them in the
same rear.
Prompt Justice.
The Democratic papers hare been raising I
great outcry aoont defaulifng Republican offle
i lls, smong others the late Paymaster Hodges
lias figured very conspicionsly. fir the follow
ing dispatch from Washington, it will be seen
Ibst the proper authorities hare acted promptly
in the case, and the swindler lloiuts receives,
just punishment. Will onr Democratic brethren
'.low any such example within their uffictil
circle T
The Washington dispatch is as follows:
TasmiOTOM,Oct.9.-Tho court-martial which
recently tried Mr. Hodges tor embezzlement, sen
tenced him tn be cashiered, to forleit all pay
and allowances that my be due him at the date
of sentence, to be imprisoned at hard labor for
ln years inanrb penitentiary as the proper au
thority shall direct, anil '.hereafter to ho impris
oned in such penitentiary until he shall refund
to the United States the amount of his embezzle
ment, 1445,2011. The latter would be equivalent
1 to imprisonment for life. The Presid. nt, there-
fore, tn day disapproved this part of II. e finding.
bat appn.ved thai which consigns him to the pent
tenti.rv at hand labor for ten years. The peni
tentiary at Albany U dcsinjlud as thu place o!
Riofincment.
Wood County Fair.
The Wood County Agricultural Society closed
their nineteenth ntmal exhibition on Friday last,
and we are eery Kappy to say that it has been
both financially and uthciwhje a success.
The number of persons in attendance, ti grtl er
wiib the tickets of membership, are in adrance
of anjr former year, while the class of stoek and
of farming increments exhibited, were of a stipe"
rior class. In the, matter of the fine arts and
flowers, there was not so large an exhibition as
might bare been expected.
The entries n( horses numbered some 120, of
which there were k sh first-class animals.
Of tattle there was really a fine display, which
attracted the attention of our farmers generally,
and by whom they were mnch admired.
Ofshe.'p the display was small but the class
and breed of those exhibited, a-erv of the very
boat.
There was a good display of fruit, Mesfrs
Dzwrsi,Geo. Powers and James Dcmpacs'
cirrjing off the palm as usual.
In the matter of grain and vegetables for cnl.
iiiary purposes, the exhibition was remarkably
tine, strikingly exhibiting the richness of the
soil in fliis county, and amply d nionsirating th,
possibility to present results in that line of cul
ture, which tcay reveal the very best lands
I he State.
We bare no the space to go into other deia'ls,
but !ipe to do theiu justice. We would, how
erer, notcloso this notice, without bearing ree"
ord lotbe superior excellency of the Sulkr llow.
r, tnanufavtured in Toledo. We are much grat
ified to learn that this handsome appearing and
thoroughly complete implement, is growing
public estimation rapidly and will soon take ran.
with tlie aiost popular in the natino.
We Jtopo next week to be able to publish the
revised premium list.
The Raging Fire Fiend!
The unusually dry weather prevailing for a pe
ri I of more than two months past, is producing
disastrous results en several lines of railroad, and
on the woods and prairies of .the West, where.
fron: l ie absence-of wi ter, the fire fiend has oc
casionel enormo is losses.
At several points on the D. A M.road fires bare
pervaded which haved-stmjed some 2,500 cord.
ol wood.damiged tbe track and retarded tbe pro.
gressof the traios.
On ilie Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
road there baa been many fires and much wi
and other property destroyed. On the Wabash
railroad and in proximity therewith, the fire fieud
aeems to have re re tied in the very wantonness
destruction, thousands of cords of wood, miles
fence and many buildings have been destroyed.
Tbe frightful cooditnn of nffiirs ou this road
m iy be inferred from the following from tbe Foit
Wayne Cus.-tfe i
"The country Is all borne Inn Utween X.w
TTaven and UeSince. A conductor reports that
five miles of fire were running behind him as
came between Defiance and Kmerald. The
are all down and we have n word or knowledge
uf trains. Number 10, regular through freight
train, is neur Woidburn. Sixteen cars of corn
liave been burned to the ground. Engiue No.
is iff the track. Woodbuin is burned to
ground. Two of the finest horses in the couutry
were burned toduath. before they coul I be res
cued. People were running to the liver, w
uoimils, bears, wolves, Ao., are running to
ftieams for intrclion. The yellow, seethiiiL',
hissing tianua aru rushing over the prairies
rn avengiu ai'gel, cairjiut; destructioD iu their
trick."
Dispatcher from Detroit un Wednesday report
a large section of Michigan cast of Saginaw iu
most distressing condition. Large sections
atiuntrj have beeu swept byUi,aod Saginaw
city was only sated by extraordinary eftoitg
li.'r citizens. The flourishing tillages of Forroslville,
White Kock, Elm Creek, Sand lieach
and Huron City aroreportod eutirely destroyed
and others partially burned. A auniberof live,
are known to be lost, aud it is feared tbe worst
uot known.
Passengers traveling over (Iiq Xcw Albauy
Chicago road report tint prairie and wood fires
are niging along tho line between New Albany
and Lafayette, and that miles upon miles of fcuce,
stacked grain, cornfields and not a few boujes
and Sams have been swept away.
Wbere iiriteud T
Education at the South.
reto-
Among the wisest acts uf the St. Lnu'i
c itional Convention was the paaajttof
lutiou, lulrodu:cd by Mr. Wlckersham, of feon
avlvauia, endorsing any plan uf GuvernmenUI
did to tbe educational systems of the South.
Something of this kind must be be dune, and
Kliorlly. EJueatioo at the South under the uw
Slate ffovernnieula is a failure, while the etiort.
f the philanthropists of the North are only par
tis). To have a S'und sentiment It that sec
tiou.ws annat has a souuJ selex.l syttem.
New England evsugelisera eoiidoe thsir active
mvrgies to the colored youth, and diseisuiiuate
iinjuslly against (he whi:es. The aovsrnmeut,
If necesary, must leud its pecuniary aid to
education of the whole people. A wise supple.
lusul tu lb Ku-Klux bill would be an sppri'i
of pollioo or twoof dollars to Lujr piiin
vrs for Ibetibildren of the Ku-Klux.
Lee eoauty, Ksotxekr, named by the Legisla
ture of that KtaAe iu honor of the late Qua. Kos
mtE, L, wascrrie4 by l KJublicaui
thai Ut tluctivo.
CHICAGO ON FIRE!
All of the Business Part in Ashes.
150,000 Persons Homeless and Destitute.
The Banks, Hotels, Theatres, Depots,
Elevators, Stores, Newspaper Offices,
and all Public Buildings
Destroyed by One Fire.
The Grand Response to the Call for Food
and Clothing for the Suffering Ones.
The Loss Almost Incalculable.
One of the most destructive fin a on record
basjustdesol.itcd the enterprising, wealthy and
populous city of Chicigo. The niagnitule of
the losses sustained and tho extent of Buffeting
entailed on its cit'x ns, cannot in reality be esti
matedit anrprsses ri niprultenslon.
The Great Fire of linn Inn in M'ltl, which do
strojed nearly 1,400 houses, 8.1 churches and a
large number of nnblio buildings, and which
made nearly 100,01)0 persons homeless and deS'
tltute, is the only case on record which nearly il
lustrates the ravages of the Chicago fire. All
tho large hotels for which Chioago was noted!
all its public buildings all its banks and its im.
menso amy of wholesale stores and retail bnsi.
ness homes, and all of its migniflcent printing
offices have been swept to destruction by this dil-
tige nt ore.
The particulars of -s origin, progress and re"
suits, so faras we can glean infoim tion, are thus
described t
to
to
HOW THE FIRE CAUGHT.
Meanwhile we give a repoit of the Are and
its ineiden s, specially prepired for the Assci
ated Press, by those who witnessed and fought
Hie names tli n uclx'Ut.
I. aie Sundar evening A boy went into a stable
on l)e Haven street, near the river on the west
side, to milk a cow, rarrring with him a kero
sene lamp. This was kicked over by the cow and
the burning Huid scattered among the straw.
THE OPPORTUNITY LOST.
This was tho beuinningof the crest fire.
single fira extinguisher on the ground ortheac
live work uf the police in tearing down one or
two shanties would have pruveutod the spread
ingof the (t imes but the engines were waited
for, and when they arrived, the firemen stupe-
lied by their exerlmnsat the fire on Suturd
nieht. worked slowly and cliiinsilr. Their ef
forts were unavailing. The wind from the Hniith
west blew a gale, and rapidlv the flames shot
from house to house, and board vard to board
yard, until the district borned the night before
Was reached. Meann hilo the flames had cros
sed the river ri'.t tli of Twelfth street on the
South side, and made forth brick and stone
buxineaa blocks, railroad freight depots, aud
manufacturing establishments.
THE DANGER REALIZED.
The full extont of the danger was realized for
the first time. The Fire Pepartment, tired out,
worked like heroes; the Mayor a re I his city
govornm"iit, that bait supinely resettled, now be
gan to exert themselves, but the opportunity had
been lost. 1 he f.me wuen a thorough urganiza.
tion could harj blown up buildings, or prepared
tor the emergency, was neglected.
It was no'v a fiirlil for life. The blowing of
stiffzalo had possession of the flames, and the
biiilittngs Chicago a glory l:ir before tnem
liarrisnn. Van Ituten, Adams. Monroe and Madi
son were soon reached, the Intervening blocks
I rem tlie river tn Dearborn street on the east be
ing to'isumcd. Three-quai ters of s mile of brick
blocks were consumed as it' by magic. It being
Sunday the pioprietors and emplores were at
l.nma utterly unconscious of what was tr.mspir
ing. Those who saw the flames supposed it was
the remains ot Saturday niglit a tire, a 11 'I having
connoencein the rira Department, were unarm
cd, but between 11 and 12 o clock a rumor got
a iroatl that the Ore was in .tbe business portion
01 me city.
The people commenced running, and horses
were brought into requisition to take the propri
lrs to me Ci'nnagraiion.
What a Bcene met their gaze t The Board of
Trade nioms. C.oirt Ilnse, VVestern I nion Tel
eeraph, Associated Press offices, and I u idreds
ot oilier builitinirs, were-all in Haines. Tho air
was filled with live coals, which were hurl
north and east liko a bes. m of destruction. The
fire engines were powerless for savinir. All
that men could do wns to blow up biiildinirs, but
this availed but little. The Times, Tribune. Post
Republican, Journal, and other newspaper offices
the Western aews Company, Ulockhelil A Lett
er's establishment, the Drake block (recently
Oiiilt,) t arweil a IO., ail were soon in ashes
THE VERY PAVEMENTS BURNED.
It seemed tbat no sooner had the fl imes struck
a wall than they went directly throuiili. and
very few minutes sufliced to destmy the most
elaborately built structure. 1 he walls ruelte
and their very bricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements look fire, making
continuous sheet of flame two Di lies I. ing by
mile wide. No human being could possibly
survive many minnies. HlocK alter block tell
the red hot coals shot higher and higher, and
spread further and further, until the north side
of the lake south was a vast sheet uf flame from
the river to the lake.
FLIGHT OF THE HOUSELESS PEOPLE.
oj
uf
or
There were fmm fifty to seventy-five thousand
men. wom-n and clulJren,tleeing by every avail
able street and alley to the southward and west
ward, attempting to save their clothing and their
lives. Every available vehicle was brought in
to requisition for nsc, for which enormous prices
were paid, and the streets sidewalks presen
ted the sight of thousands of pert.'ns mi.i burses
inextricably commingled. Four peopia of t'l
colors and shades, and every nationality, ft cm
inmpe, t. nina anu Airica, mad wiih excitement
struggled with each other to get awar. Hun
dreds were trampled under foot. Meo and wo
men were loaded with bundh-a and their house
hold goods to their skirts were clinging tender
children half dressed and barefooted, all seek
ing a place of safety. Hours afterward these
might have been seen in vacant lots or on the
streets far out in the suburbs stretched in the
dust. These are the mi Iter ing, these the lambs
whom Christ nuw calls un the rich wurld to feed
and clothe.
God help them if the heart of man shall prove
obdurate I
FRIGHTFUL LOSS OF LIFE.
It is fearful in think of the loss of life. It is
conjectured, and with good cause, that near fire
hundred have been burned tn death. We saw
f iiirmin enter a burning building, and in a mo
ment Ibey were overwhelmed by a falling wall.
AN EYE WITNESS' ACCOUNT-GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION.
THE SCENES AT THE FIRE.
2rS,
s
uf
of
A Cincinntti UnirUa reporter was introduced
lastevening to Mr. I. Webb, a bricklayer by
profession, who was formerly a resident of this
city, but his lived in Chicago for tbe last four
years. He left Chicago last Monday, and reached
here yesterday. Mr. Webb is it very clear
headed young man, and told a more straghtfor
ward and coherent storv in tbe hasty talk the
reporter had with hi in then nineiy-nine nuu out
of a hundred could hare given uuder the game
circumstances.
His statement was cuhstantially as follows t
During Thursday night there we e seven
small tires. On Friday night foiirblncks horned,
e mmeniiog at I'olk street. The Fire Depart
ment woiked all night, and iu Ihe morning.
when the tire was prattv well under conlnd.
they lei lour engines go borne to rest. Sunday
nuht the lire broke out again, ut the curuur uf
Clinton and I "IK streets. 1 he
ORIGIN OF THE GREAT FIRE.
is

du.
tlia1
the
-alia
iu
a understood it, was in a stable, in which s
boy slept. He h id a small kuroseue lamp with
hitr, w hich he left bn miiiir. In tossing aniund
while asleep, he upset and broke the lamp. The
fl tinea were communicated to the straw, aud
f 0:11 (here they spread wub fearful rapidity. It
bio lied on I'olk street what had been spared by
the previons fires, aud crossed over to the Armo
ry and Ihe Has Works. After the latter took
tire the flames spread among tho wooden huild-
iogs un Madison street like wild fire down to
Wells street. The wind was blowing a gale,
and the heat was ao intense that blocks of biirn
iog woo l as laige ss that (pointing to Webster's
unabridged litt-lionarv went sailing through
tho sir and fell on the roofs of buildings, setting
litem on fire. It crossed the Madison street
bridge, burning that, ss well as the Folk street
bridge. The heavy iron sitpporteigof the bridge
were melted, so great wsa Ihe heat, and sunk
down, letting the bridges fall iulu the water.
He-ut Moon's central e'evalnr was burned.
When I left it bad run up as fares Twelfth st.
Ii burned down to l.ake.aud Iron Lake to South
Water taking the soil docks of the Fmpellor
Company, and the irmin olerstors on I h -north
si lo. It swept trom Water at reel clear up In
Lincoln I'aik. Menear's liiinher yard, on Ihe
(until branch, was burned, with &Juv,0U0 worth
of lumber.
Meanwhile tbe Fire Department was partly
crippled. About half past 11 o'clock SuuJay
niglit the Kiee Knginu No. Ill, and llix.k and
Ladder t'o. No 2 were at work at Ihe llriggs
House. The firemen did not know Unit Ihe roof
aa ou fire and all of a sudden it fell in, snd the
Aren-en had to run for their lives, leaving the en
gine and ladders, as ihe horses had been taken
away. Engines Nos. Ill and 17 ure also lust
ai the corner ol Lake street and Fl'lh avenue,
No mail can form any idea of the heat iu the
streets. In some places express wagons tilled
will go da weie going sloug the s' reel a sll in
Humes. The Nirlnii pavement took fire, snd
turned from rui bio curb, making tlie streets im
passable in many places.
In the vicinity of the Sherman (louse Ihe
scene was iudiseriliable. The Jewelers iu that
viciuy weiu uflciiiitfibvottutrauf w agou J,
1100, and $1,000 a load to remove their
but couldn't get a wagon at any price.
who had wagons had wives and children
more, and money was no inducement tu them.
THE POWDER.
in the government werehnnse snd Ihst In
gnu stores on Lake street was taken tn the
nnrt Honite for safe keeping, as that was sup
to be fire proof; hut that went, to, and the
powder blew up. I have no Idea liow the fire
t In there, but It was an not that nothing cniuu
before it. The limestone walla crumbled
dust before It. snd the glass in the windows
melted and ran down like water.
Ihe flames also took Scott Munn s eleva
tors, on Ihe north side, against Uondrlch's steam
line, and burned two boats, the Manistee and
'ie t.ilv of Alautann.
No hotels wsre left nn the North Side. The
Clii'tnn House, a new hotel in front of Farwell's
Iluihliug, waa burned, rive houses in that vi
cinity. Field, Leilrr A Co., Ross A Dosaage, J.
Shaya, J. V. Karwell, and Farwell A Co., are
ported tohave lost f20 000.000.
I saw two men go down nn the now bridge, at
the foot of Union street, I think it is. A steam
er had caught fire and Ihey had to hitch a tug
her to haul her out. Uf conre the bridge "ml
be opened to let her pass. The bridge was
nn fire, and before they could close it gave way,
Don tlio end was willnn uunnt nve leet or Ihe
ank. Tho two men that mannirud the bridgu
were in it, and Ihey tried to make Ihe hank, but
II down Into the river. AUnnat Imnieuintely
nne end of the bridge went down twisted in llu
middle from tho heat, and iu about ten minutes
the other end went down. They just curled
right down like a melted wire.
A part of Ihe walla of tho buildings were
standing w lieu 1 left, but they were pulling them
down.
The streets were full of people, m my of them
crazy or diuuk. They attempted lo rush into
tho flames, and It waa all Ihe police m n cuuld do
tu stop I hem. No doubt many perished.
1 saw a man hanging un a lamp post, st the
corner of Kinzie street, next thu bridge, who bad
been hung Sunday morning by Ihe crowd.
The railroads all ottered transportation free
to all who wished to leave Chicago, and large
niitnb ts ore leaving. 1 took 111 y wire and baby
and got nn a (rain on the Fan Handle roi.l.
We had to run thnmgii n ines, and (tie train
took fire three times before we got out of Ihe
ri'.r. The fire was put nut br the conductor, S.
M. I. ntman, who behaved nobly.
We hate given Mr. Webb's eta tement as near
ly as we could, and have no doubtof its entire
accuracy, except that he may have contouiidud
one fire with another in one or two inatannea, aa
man might be expeMed to do who had passed
through such a fearful ordeal. He has come
here lo stay with a rel itivp, Mr. Win. M. Snider,
corner of Court and Central avenue, until he can
obtain employment. He lost every thing he bad
except the clothes he wore.
The following will furnish an illustration 1 f
what the cities throughout the Union arc doing
tu relieve the suffering In Chicago:
Nfw Yoke. Oct. 9. Great crowds are assem
bled at the bulletin boards and in public places.
eagerly seeking additional news from the Chica-
3 uitl igration. At the I'mdoce r..iclianee the
excitement is very great. In mercantile circles
it is thought that some of the accounts from the
West represent the losses greater .than they are.
Thus far nn formal action has been taken balk
ing to its relief, but it is expected that earnest
measures will be commenced to give assistance
lo the distressed sufferers. Thu afternoon pa
pers edituiially call upon the authorities tn come
in tbe n'scue aud bring the appeal from Chicago
betore the community forthwith. The proronnd-
eat feelings of sympathy and regret at the ap
palling calamity are manifested erery where.
1 he Line ago ore lias caused s creat excite
ment ia this city. A feeling of pain is visible
upon the faces of tho crowds gathered st the
newspaper bulletins in search of particulars.
Newspaper bulletins were issued at about 11:30
a. in., containing tne news, auiwjru rapidly
soil in large numbers.
In v all street there 1a intense excitement, and
all stocks have sutl'.red from the sorrowing in
telligence.
Many citiz-iis are considering steps for the
purpose of calling s relief mealing at once.
Jay Uouid, rresuient 01 me r.rie road, nas
addressed a communication to Mayor Hall, sta
ting thathe has received a telegram from the
Mayor of Chicago concerning the fire, aud that
Ihe Erie Railway has a car at their depot, and
til receive and forward free, on fast trains.
through to Ci.icago, all contributions which the
ci li.us of New York may furnish to aid the suf
ferers.
Nkw York, Oct. 9. The great fire at Chicago
has crested tho m at profound sensation here,
and has had a depressing effect npon all depart
menu of business. In all the insurance offices
the utmost anxiety prurails. ll is imossible
to tell as yet theuumberor extent of risks in
New York otEoes. While many companies will
lose heavily, perhaps none ol them will be so se
riously irjured ss to suspend. The immediate
result here is a timidity among those who have
money tn tend, based upon the expectation that
the insurance companies will be compelled to
eall in all their available assets, and realize no
securities that are readily convertible into cash.
The scene in the Stock Exchange was one of
the wildest ever witnessed there. Demoniac
yells, such ss one heard in the tiold Room nn
black Friday, in liii'J, announced the struggles
of desperate men to save at least a tittle trom
their wrecked fortunes. Gestures of despair,
faces pale with mortal fear, racked by anguish
such ss one well may wish never to see a second
lime, greeted one on every side. The scene was
paint nil t interesting and exciting. To a strang
er it would have seemed that tlie assemblage of
well dressed men be: ore him was insane. Many
a broker who saw his fortune rapidly slippiug
from his grasp, without having power tn stay it,
waa temporarily mad and with good reason.
Such a scene has not been witnessed sinco the
famous break in Uock Island laat summer.
A meeting of tbe Chamber uf Commerce haa
been called for Tuesday, at noou, to nlford auop
ponuuity to the merchants of this city to cou-
1. 1 p 1 ir .1
triouie iu me reiiei 01 tuu suuercrs uy tue nre.
At the Froduce Exchange there has been an
intense excitement sll day, snd measures will
taken stonce to send provisions, die, to the af-
flit'ed city. Arrangements are making fur
relief ii.tting of citiz.-ns. The call for the uiessr
injf will be L'ued to night.
Memphis, Oct. 9. At a meeting nf cititizeua
at the Chamber nf Co.erce, to-nigh', brief
speeches wore made by the U Emerson Eth
eridge, Judge Uiown, Mayor Johns.'"!, aud oth
ers. Subscriptions were opened, and everal
thousand dollars subscribed. A joint cumiii.'tee
of citizens and the Chamber of Commerce was
appointed, who reported the following resolution.
'Woereas, Intelligence nf the appalling ca
lamity tbat has fnlleo on the great metropolis
(he lakes has awakened in the hearts of Ihe peo
ple of Memphis their profoundest sympathies;
t lerefore,
"lhitJccrl, That wo are deeply moved by sor
row fur the misfortunes that hare involved, and
still continue tu iuvulvu, alike the ricn and poor
of Chicago.
Rctol i-eil That wo feel for the homeless, im
poverished and bereaved of her citizens. a ud wish
that it was in our power to extend full relief,
but to the entire limit of our ability ti e plediru
ourselves to gire of our m atis substantial aid."
After this the meeting adjourned till to-morrow
evening, when a mass meeting will be held
the Opera House. The railroad and steam boat
lines offer to send supples five,
Loriavn.LE, Oct. 9. The n?ws uf the awful
Calamity n hieh has befallen Chicago has ex
cited 1 he greatest interest snd commiseration
this city. The Mayor has issued a proclama
tion rel'uring tu the disas er, and aaying
"Thu stroke is such an extraordinary and
deep nne that every inattnut of humanity urges
us tu rise up st once aud protl'er oor sympathy
and assistance to our alliieted fellow-country,
men iu that city. I therefore invite business
men and all othur citizens who are 111 ive l
srinpalhy by Ihe deplorable slate of affairs
Chicago, to assemble at the Court House to
night at 7iJo'cluek (the Uui iust.,) and devise
ways aud menus for speedily forwarding Co
trbulions and assistance, aud toexpiess tlie feel
ings of this community uu this disastrous occa
sion." The Board nf Trade met at noon and passed
resolutions to Ihe same effect, which are pub
lished in hand bills aud d stributed throughout
the city. Every other interest is furgoltuu
pity fur the alliieted people
Tot-Kno, O., Oct. 9. The lariest and moat
enthuaiaatie meeting of citiians ever held in this
city enlivened in the Hoard of Trade Koouis this
evening, to take uetion tn relieve the sutTerera
by ihe Chicago fire. Mtyor Jones presided.
Speeches were made by business ui n. Reso
lutions uf sympathy were adopted, snd sub
scription takeu, which aggregated several thous
and dollars. A resolution was adopted, request
ing the City Council to appropriate from
general fund (if the city such sum ss lhat body
may deem praeiicable in aid of the'auffers. The
commutes at nunence st once procuring articles
necessary. for the suffers, and will to-morrow
ronlinue to solioit subscriptions in their behalf.
The disaster is regan ed as a publio calamity
and a deep fueling u( sorrow pervades the com
munity. Nashville, Oct. 9-8:53 P. M. The greatest
Inlet est Is manifest iu the relief nf the suiters
the Chicago fire. Mayor Morris has issued
proclamation for a meeting of citizens, to mor
row, li provide mesne tu assist the sutf ring.
A private citizen It-It a check at the U-innur
olliee, to-day, for 0110 hundred dollars, with thu
following note
No North, no South, when our fellow man
in distress. Here is 11 hundred dollars fur Ihe
ueedy iu Chicago. Signed) O. W. AM.KN."
The managers of ihe tircy theatrical troupe
have tendered a benefit, tu-niurruw uigbt, lor the
Chicago sull'erers.
lsiiiANAroLts, Ind., Oct. 9. -The news of the
ten Iblti calamity at Chicago cr.-iiled thu moat
Intunso excitement here to-day. Nothing has
uqoaUd it since ihe filing on Fort Sumter. Two
steam engines snd twit cars of provisions were
sent to Chicago this afternoon, with it cor.is
fire'oeii and o!iuemeii. A meeting was held
llui Uoai J uf Ttadu ruvuiji tu uiglu, ou llwjua-
snd dollois worn subscribe I, and thirty thous
and pledged. More provisions will he entri
morroiv, and a general meeting of the city Is
called for to-morrow night.
At 1 A. M. tho special train Convoying relief
tn the Chicago sulferers from Cincinnati and
Irfinlsville passed through this city st 1 o'clock
this mornlng -tho J Otis A committee of the
Cincinnati Council accompany the Cincinnati
train. Two sleani engines also passed through
from Louisville during llui night.
Coi.mBra, 0., Oct. 9. The Chicago lire
has producud S profound sensation here to-day.
At a meeting nf citizens this afternoon ten thous
and dollars Was contributed, snd a committee
appointed to raise, monoy snd 'provisions lr the
sufferers. The bakeries snd penitentiary are
busy to-night baking bread and Bonking meats
tn lie forwarded to Chicago. The tV la express
train to-night look ont a Inrge qnanity of bread
and meats prepared at the penitentiary.
Hostos, Oct. B The tenible fire In Chicago
causes a pmronnd sensation. It W the ell-en-gnissing
subject on 'Change, and fn business
circles, snd depresses business of all kinds.
Reply of Andrew Roach and Attorneys
to New Board of Education.
To Tit Board op Epcoatiom op Scitoot.
Oisthict No. I, PRitRTSBtma Towxsnip-(Imlh,
mm I In certain pamphlet publications and
communications to newspapers, you haye plainly
charired me with a defalcation as treasurer of
said District. You now seem disposed tn change
ynur base a little, and tn claim that there waa
an error committed by somebody. You con
cede, if I understand you, that I settled and paid
tho amount appearing tn be due from me accord
ing to the statement of the County Auditor snd
the footings m Ida at the time. N'lvv I wish to
ass woeiner mere nave noi aireaay ueen suver-
al settlements Between mo and yon. First I
went with mv attorney before a meeiinir nf raur
n. ...1 -j .h... r..i 7.i. i.:..
k..i..... .....t ...a i ..:.i ir
terwar'da your President, Mr, Rosa, called on me
a second lime and claimed to hare disrnvared an
1... .v. ,.i.... ,..i.a
some forty d-liars nv.re. I then ox .mined the
bonks snd called attention to changes..!' figures
in the account which Mr. Ross admitted had been
made, but he said they were triflag in amount
and did no hurt. I then Insisted that a final
settlement should be m ids right then and there,
and demanded that you make such an examina
tion that when I settled and paid once m re,fft'(t
should be the snd of it. I told yon the bftoks
were being changed and garbled and I wanted
an examination mado then and there, and ao
llioniughly and earefuily that you would war
rant injagatnat beinjj fui titer called on iu this
matter.
Yon told mo yon had referred tbe matter to a
committee, tttat every voucher had been ex tin
ine.l and compare'', am! t at you Knew matters
wcrj now straight. I then deminded and re
ceived as a consideration for paving soma forty
dollars m re than had been found duo fiom me
by tho books, before they wero chanired, that I
should have a release and acquittance in as
stniiig terms as the Kn.'lisli lan.Miace can fur-I
niah, and that this barking at my heels should
be stopped once and f r 111, And yet I hardly
made my second pavm-nt aid received from,
ynur President and Treasurer a most s deinn as-
siirnnce thai everything was paid uH, and a sec-1
nnd full and absolute release in writing, before
I saw in a pamphlet, published by you, that yon
had hunted up som-.-thiug else to cbarga me wit)
1 here declare lhat I have detected changes snd
alterations of the figures In mv biatka as treasur
er. made since they went Inwi mv hands lhat I
called the attention of ynur President to these
changes and denounced them st tho lime, and I
hereby denounce them and him andt. ese gar
bled books. I am not d.sposeil to be perpetual
ly hnra laed for all lime in this way.
I will most cheerfully leave Ihe -question- tn
any honest man in the county, whether the rec
ord does not show lhat I have settled In full, paid
every dollar found dn-j from inu aud recaived a
full and complete release fnm your President
and Treasurer. Iam ready tn show my vouch
ers at suv lime. They have already been pub
lished once or twice. I pnipose nOv to submit
this q-sestion. In secordance with your proposal,
to the Auditor af Wood county or lion. Uenrge
f.askey. Du you dam abide the lesl T
ANDREW ROACH.
be
a
of
at
in
to
in
11.
iu
by
a
is
of
at
To the rjOMORADLE M. R. Waite bin The
letter pnrnnrting to have been addressed by you
to James W. Kosa and published two or three
weeks ago in the Jnnnuit was read by us with
feelings of the most profound astonishment. We
have waited week alter week and caused a copy
of the papei to be forwarded to you. hoping that
yuu would discover the communication, or at
ieast would modify some nf its statements as
having been made without deliberation. We
hoped this for your nwn sake. Hearing nothing
further from you we can come to no other conclusion
than Hint the letter in question is a del.bcraUi
expression of your true sentiments snd
intentions. For many years we bare regarded
you as peculiarly a chancery or equity lawyer
an attorney who li st ooks into a ease i see
wbtl justice demands, to see what ia right, and
then seeks for law to carry iutu effect these ob
jects snd purposes. Holding the position at tbe
bar that you do, it seems to ns that you can nnl
afford to stand before the people of this commu
nity as the author of the letter in question. You
must pardon us for saying that the course which
you say you have advised the present litis rd
Education nf School District No. I. Perrvsbnrg
township tn sdopt, is contrary tu all law. justice
and equity is simply an outrage. You say
lhat you regard Ilia hol lers of the bonds issu.d
by thu old Hoard of Kducation, simply ss s:an
ing iu the place of tbe Contractors. So long
tliere is an outstanding indebtedness the Board
should rav the bonds aa they mature. Y tu say
that acting upon this principle you did uot con
sent that some thousands ot dollars ol the bonds
taat first fell due should be paid with interest
six per cent, nnd tney were paid accordingly
Now Mr. Waile you know that bonds tu
amount in tho aggregate of a good many thou
sands of dollars were issued by the old Uosrd
Educatinn. These bonds fall due at different
limes, sums in one, some in two, some iu three
years from their date. You know lhat these
bonds are in the hands of different parlies, some
were in Ihe hands uf Mr. Wulbridge, some in
hands of Mr. itaekev, some in the bands of
Kro'.iertson of this place, and some ia Ihe bands
ut other parties.
Yuu claim lhat the aggregato of the bonds
sued exceeds what the District ought to psy,
you assert that thu new Hoard nf Kduealion
bound to pay only to the extent of their uctual
indebtedness. The bonhtddcr yon say stand
if tl.ey wero the assignees of tlie Contractors,
tlu.7 re entitled to receivu first what the Dis-
tried wuj'd have beeu bound t pay the coo trac
tors ifn,' bnit' bad been issued, and no mors.
Therefore)'.' luut ?"u ,l,a dia-
erof the uresent J"..." Dave e nsented
they shall pay off the Do.'ds if fast as they m
turn, leas two nor cent, oulv Ulilti .'.'t amount
paid which should have been paid to I' c("n
tractors, sou tnaru tue rcmu'iiing: umui sun
unpaid.
Yuu reganl the Curd of Education, (vniri
clnntl aa the trustees of a fund and von delib-
eia'ely say that they should pay the bonds th
lull uuelr-.t, as long as tlie Iutu last and then
stop paying.
In other words Mr. Wnlbri lire held the bonds
that full due at the end 01' tho first rear and y
oriier m.n to oe pant in tun wiin ii.ierest nt
percent. Mr. La-key holds the bouda that fa
due ut the end of the second year. You unler
him to bo paid in lull with like interest,
when Mr. Itob'Tlson and those whose bonds
due at tbe end of the third yuar conwvwiih Iheir
bonds you turn llu-ni away without a c
And this ynn cull jnatieu I
Let us look at this proposition. We will snp-
fiose that you are selected ss Ihe attorney
egal adviser of an Administrator. Hu comes
to yon snd sa vs that Ilia deceased person
whom he is scting owed Five Thousand Dollars
to Mr. Jones for whieh he hud given notea
will full due iu una year. That the said
oel person also owed Five Thousand Dollars
lo Mr. Smith lor which be bad given notes
would fall due in two years. Aud tho deceased
alo owed Five Thousand Dollars tu Mr. Urnwn
for which he bad glyea notes that would be
in three years.
Hot your client, the Administrator says
the wb.de estate of the deceased person amounts
only tn ten thousand dollars. "Now,
Waite," he says, "what shall 1 dot" "Why
my dear friend says Mr. Waite your duty
clear. You are the I rut loo of this fund of
thousand dollars for the benefit of the creditors.
Wheu Mr. Jones conies pay him up in full
take up his notes. When Mr. Smith comes
the end of the second year psy him up' in
and take up bis notes. Wheu Mr. Urnwn comes
at the end uf Die third year you will asy tohini,
My dear sir, the money isallgnnn, your notes
are worthless, I can I pay you a dollar."
Now if this is seoordiug to Mr. Waile's idea
justice, equity, and the proper duty of a trustee
it is not the notion of those who makes laws
the Stele of Ohio. If Mr. Waile's aiient
to take the course indicated above, whea
liiown same with liia notes at the eud of
third year, the sai l client. Instead ot being
rested ass faithful servant, would simply
required In put bis hand into his awn pocket
fork over to Mr. Brown, the sum uf j,oJj
with interest for three years,
Wkal is the duty nf the trustee of a fund
which is insumeient in amount to pay all
Ta pay those iu lull whose debts fall due first?
Not by any m 'ana. lint hu must ascertain
per centage of l-tas sn I deduot equally from
Now apply this principle. Suiipno there
ju-ll v due from this District nn the contract
repairs of the out school building tbe sum
twenty thousand dollars, aud suppose the former
Una id to ruiso this money issued thirty thou
sand dollars in buuJs due iu one two and three
years.
WbatonjUt (his Hoard as honest mentndoT
What ought Mr. Waits as thiir legal advisor
advise them lo dot Why, simnly lo pay
ery man who holds a bond lor Ihe sum of one
thons mil dollars the sun nf six hundred
siit.v--.ix dollars and sixty-seven ceuts, no wore,
no less.
Whai'ihwa Mr. Waite in his letter say he sd
via.ii ibcui tu d. 1 Why pay tuusu iu full noose
bonds full due nt the end of tho first year -pay
those in full whose bonds fell due at the end of
the second year and to p ly not nne oent to those
whoso bomls happens to fall due last I
Can Mr. Waits alF.nl to stand before the com
munity as one who approves this line of onductT
Had we not a right Ui be astonished over a let
ter advising, approving, and admitted that he
had adopted this eonrsn f II id we not a right
In suppose Unit Mr. Waite after a lililo reflection
would retract this most singular letter T
Now we undertake tn say that this Board of
Education in paying the bon is Ibst fell due dur
ing Ihe progress nf their action with interest st
A per cent have admitting that an much is due the
b"y ""Idem. They are now estopped from re-
fusing l tr'at those whose bonds fall due here
after any differently from what they have treated
those whose bunds nre alruvly due. They bare
admitted the validity nf the bsnr'.a less two per
cent, of intersstsnd will not he allowed horeafter
to question them. Now to allow that we do not
misnipresonl the position nf Mr. Waite we quote
bis nwn precise words from the letter published
by him in tlie Journal of Srptrmbcr 1st 1871.
I did, at one timo, give my consent, that
money collected f r. m tax s levied to pay tlie ex
pense of rebuilding the school house, s'lould be
spplied to the payment of tho debts contracted
for lhat purpose, and inasmuch as 1 1 Inn supposed
and no now, that the money realized from the
negotiation of the bonds had been spplied to psy
tho contractor for Ihe erection of the building, I
agreed, that upon surrender to the Clerk nf the
ttT" 6on ilnt 0-1 there m'ght be paid tn
the holder r-cjTVie net nf kvibnnd md iit'erraf nl
the rrfi nf 6 wr cent, per annum, p-t
Iu other words, I consented lhat the bond
holders, should stand in Ihe place nt the con
tractor to the extent that his money bad paid the
contractor.
Thebnnda were payable with Interest nt the
rale of eiuht per cent, per annum, only aix per
v t
i eent-Interest was b. be pal 1 1. the holders of he
""'"V8- V" !'.ftrwu l-ercent. was to abide the
result nl the litiaatmn.
I So far as the l.oldeis ef the bonds aroatlaw
I inaHJ.' '!!e P'wr aignori of the debts of
"'e they wi I be paid, not as bond hold-
i era, but as nssiun us In enuity ol the contractors
N"w wu "k "',ln J".1"100 "nJ re,","
,0 b""'1 hMrn lhigners 111 equity of
e"",rn,"r. ,0,,Sht b.e P""1, f", 1
1 e"'"f ',eu'V0' V'"?' "J1 ","M
debt tall .due lira- be paid the
full ftice nf At 6-.Mii oho iiitrrrni at n itrr cer.
iw rtnioon," snd Ihe one whosu debt falls due
last be turned op, penniless T
It is as we have said, in nnr form r article,
that Mr, Waite upon the trial of Ihe cause rcc
nguixi'd and admitted Ihe claim of the hulders of
these bonds tu Ihe face of thu buudaaudd per
cent, interest to be valid.
Attur.nkvs puh Tim tJin BoAtin op Education.
A Few Great Fires of Europe and
America.
I
i
I

I
I-onlon. lV'-l, 1,400 buildings destroyed;
loss, y.i.i.lluil.lMlii.
Moscow. I s 1 2. .",0. 8110 huild'ngs burned j toss,
!.iO,lllil.0IIO. Only rt. Ill, (I eft slundiiuT.
Savannah, ItiJO 40:1 uildiugs burned; loss,
$s.nin),tino.
New York, 1S35, 0 IS buildings burned j loss
f H.IIIMI.OtlO.
Pitshnrtr, 1 P 1 j 1 200 buildings destroyed:
loss fj. mm, 111111.
St. Louis, ISl'J. 41!) buildings and 27 steam
boats burned loss. Sll.ullll IMP).
Sun Kr anri-o, lrf.'il, 2,jl)0 tu'ldinga burned;
loss. Slt.lltlU.lltlll.
Constantinople. IS.",.!. ,1..',0) buildings burned.
Ilaintiurir. IHaJ. .74i buildins burned.
Portland, ISiIti, l.ttnil buildings burned, loss
above insurance, $b duo (lot).
Constantinople, ISTtl, over 7 01)11 building
burned 1 llilt) lives and j2j.0ll0,llU0 worth
propci ty lost.
Taa Ai.dinr. Now that the year ia drawing
to a clone the true vnluo of this remarkable serial
becomes Ihe more apparent, and when bound
with the handsome Christmas number which is
promised, will make nne of the richest snd most
charming volumes it ia possible tn possess. Rich
as have been all the preceding issues in illustra
tion, the number forOrtolier fairly eclipses sll
ixilh as regards nuanily and nun lily, the null
jects being more vaiied and more folly described
than ban been usual, which is an agreenble fea
ture. Tlie literary department la up tn the
standard snd is fll'ed with amusing and enter
t iiniiiu articles. Tho general gut up all I ex
hibits tlie same care aud maintains the same
character it started with'-as being the most per
fect and superb publication Issued Inim any
press. The subscription is but Ji Sll r an
num nnd the publishers aro J axes Sl'TTON it.
Co. 23 Liberty Street, New ork.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Weddell&lussell,
Successors tu E. D. Powers 1 C.
TTAVIVO purchased the Drugstore ofE. D
XX Powers A Co.. the undersigned extend
cordial greeting to the many patrons uf this es
tablishment, ami resoectfullr solicit a codiiii
nance of the favors of ils old fneuds, and the
puiihe gen.-raUr.
We shall keep coo tantly on band fresh sup
plies or
Drugs and Medicines,
Paints, Oils, Varnishes, .mil Dye SliiUs,
Ami in fact every article usually kept in a first
class Dmg Suiru.
We have just received a carefully selected
invoice ol Goods from New York, which we are
enabled to olf :r al prices tbat cannot fail to anil
tue closest buyers.
PRESCRIPTIONS
Carefully Componded by a competent Pbarma
ceutist.
In addition tn nnr slock nf Drugs nnd Medi
ciues, we bnre a well aulected stock of
0-H.0 0323 Trt. H2J S
Ell a acixo
suTirs, CoTt'cs, Teas, Slices,
Aud many other articles th it enter iutu dailr
use in the family.
St'luwl Bo ils, Stationery. Wall Piper, in Variety
In endless variety, both useful and ornamental
suited to tbe taste ol old and young, snd
at prices to suit yourselves.
nt
I
as
st
of
the
Mr.
is
arj
as
that
i
is

1 1 In nne wont, 't will be our aim to kocp up the
reputation Oi this "I and rename stand, ns
first-class Drul Store. .'"U wo shall endeavor
merit the niitmuiiira nnd ci... 'Uenca uf tho pub
u lie, both iu the priee and quality "f our Uoods
u
I
liu!
fall
nt.
snd
for
lhat
du
re lhat
due
that
Mr,
is
ten
and
st
full
nf
in
Mr,
the
be
snd
34
1
Hie
all.
is
for
nf
In
to
23
CEOIIOB WKPUELL.
A. SI. KL'SSEI.I,.
W. NICHOLS CO.
Dealers in
Clocks, Watches, Jewelry,
OPTICAL.
ALSO
I.VSTIIUMEATS.
Era Glasses and Spectacles speciallr suited
injunctive sight. Clucks, VVs tcliesJt Jowriilrj
rupuircii in a thoroughly wnrkirenliks msDner,
nn short notice, ami sll work Warranted.
t-7OIJ gold St silver buu(ht at m irkut rulut.
88 Perrr St., near American House,
TOLEDO, OHIO. 23.i
GILH12IIT BtiACII,
Doaler la
HDry &ood5
GROCERIES,
ltoatly-Mado Clothing,
Crockery, Corn Meal,
Hats, Caps. Boots,
Shoes, Flour, Salt,
Nails, Glass, &c.&c.
Will Par Cash for aay Qnautity ol
Com, Oats and Staves.
READY-MADE CLOTHING.
1?0It Moo's taa Doy't wear, al
UEACU'B
HATS CAPS.
0. BEACU'S.
MERCHANDISE.
Perry sliurgr, Ohio,
DEALERS I
(t Strictly Cash Prices,)
GENEKAL
HARDWARE
grow, Dtatte, m
ook and Parlor Stoves,
Tin, Copper Sheet-Iron fare,
PUMPS, CORDAGE
WATER LIME,
LAND PLASTER,
HUBS. SPOKES, FELLOWS,
&C, &CJ.,
IPHSTE AND
Country Lumber,
Sasfc, Boors &BIiad$,
SHINGLES, LATH
A5D
PICKETS.
T1)Q most Complete Stock kept
tlie County, on haul at all times.
'Prices Reduced to Cash Basis."
Give us a call, bring your money,
and Buy Good at a
CASH STORE!
Cheaper than any one elso will sell you.
Has
A.
NEW GOODS
AND
New Styles
ao to
W. J. HITCHCOCK'S.
For the Best Stock of
DRESS GOODS
la tho market, go to 1IITCIICOCKS.
If vou Want Good
Black or Fancy Silks,
GO TO HITCHCOCK'S.
If you want tho Best
BM Alpaca, for tie Least Money,
Got the Celebrated
BuHalo" Brand,
AT HITCHCOCK'S.
Wo have Alpncns, nil colors, ot 25 cts.
to ouo dollar.
Wo have Lawns, Muslins, and Cam
brics, at 12 to uO ceuts.
Shallics and Delancs at IS to 20 cts
BoHt Scotch and Domestic Ginlinms,
15 to 30 ccts. at HITCHCOCK'S.
Good Triota from 8 to 12 1-2 cts. at
HITCHCOCK'S
Cloth,
Cassimcres,
Janes and
Cotton ades.
Very Cheap at.
niToncocK a.
Carpets and Oil-Cloths
Below Toledo Trices at
HITCHCOCK'S.
READY-MADE CLOTHING,
HATS CAPS,
A good stock and cheaper than any
where iu Northern Uhio. at
HITCHCOCK'S
We have a splendid Stock of the
Latest Styles and boat iuukq of
Laiies&CMlta's Sloes Gaiters

FIXE BOOTS, SHOES GAITERS
For Men and Boys.
Call, and you will be convinced that
TIME AND MONEY
Is Lost iu going to Toledo or else
where to
the
4
T
ms j.s
Buy Goods with the Cash.
We J. HITCIICCCIi.
TOLEDO ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY STRICTLY
BMe IP rice
DRY GOODS STORE
IN TOLEDO.
A. P. OTIEWAimTO
always oa hand aLarge Assortment of the fol
lowing uooas:
Shawls, in Paisley, Otliman Ueppa nnd Bengal Stripes.
Silks, a Large Line in Black nnd Colored. M
Dress Goods) Domestics and Flannels, a Splendid Line.
Ladies, Gents nnd Children's Underwear.
Ribbons, Laces, nnd Hosiery, a Speciality.
Notion?, Everything a Lady may Want,
AND STRICTLY ONE PRICE.
m
Oivo mo tx Ozxll c3 ssoo for YonrBolf-
Bcmcmhcr tho Address,
A. P. STEWAHT,
4
IVo. 121 Summit Street, TOLEDO,
Z2m
M. GRAFF,
NEW YORK.
107
P. A. PHILLIPS,
TOLEDO.
We are bow Opening
wis SEiLiscrams
FOR THE
respectfully solicit mi inspection thereof. Our Mock orDres
tiooris mid sSia wis will be found to surpaH In extent nnd Ttt-
rlety onr p:st efforts in tuese departments, while our very
complete stock of
FLANNELS,
WATERPROOFS,
MUSLINS,
PANTS GOODS, &c.,&c,
have been selected with dn cure forsrrvicp, nnd nt nfs(eetorT price. Ow
ing to the fact thnt our Air. GRAFF will Rftr tlii re.id nt IV ew York.br which
means we will nt nil times receive the newest ilcMiyns hh ther appear, nnd at
same time ennble him to keep ns tockrd with Jub Lots ut very attractivo
prices. Wu invite the critical inspection ol our stock by he consumers of Drr
Uoods. Also retailers will find it lo their interet to cull upon un, ns we shall be
pleased lo oiler them many inducements. Samples cheerlully sent upon appli
cation to any port of the country.
One Price Only, Which is Marked.
IN rLAIX FIGURES.
A. HI. GRAFF
Proprietors.
POPULAR
Dry
Roods
QUE PRICE
ouse!
107 SUMMIT STREET
Toledo, Ohio.
s
ai
1,000 REWARD
A reward of 1,000 will he paid tn
any l'lij-aichin who will prmtiicu a
uiuilii.'iiiu Unit will supply llio wmits uf tliu pu-
plu butler than thu nrliulu known as
UK. T. FAIIItiNEY'S K
A CgLRUKATUD 5.
Blood Cleanser or Panacea.
It inustba a lutter Ciithartio, a bettor Altera
tire, a better Smlitrilic, a bettor Uiuruli, a bet
ter Tonin. ami in every wny bolter limn the L'un-a-oe-a.
No matter how lung it has Iihuii in use
hnw lulfly diHoovaroil. A bora all it must out
oonluiu any thing mot ruHRur vkuktamj.
ooo it ew Ann i
A reward of Fira Hundred Dnllsr wilt b
paid fur a inodieine that will perinanonlly cur
mora case f Ocislireness, Conaumplinn, Sick
or Nerrnua lleadaoha, l.iver Cuinplsint, llilioiis
DiBcirdcrs, Jaundiee, lilieumutinn. (Ji.ut, Uv
pepiiia, Chilia and K.ver, Tup Worms, Hulls,
n mors, Tetters, Uleera, Sorea, I'nins in Ui a
Loins, Side, Uead and Fkh ali Complainti, than
DR. KAUU.NKY'S
IILOOD CLEANSER OU PANACEA,
which is used more sitenairely by practicing
Iili.rsiciani thau any other popular nwdaiue
mown.
t"Prepared by P. Fahrner'a Bnn. .Cn.,
Wavnasborn. Pa., and Dr. P. Fshrne, SO North
Dearborn Street, Chicago. Pricell 2
per Ixillle. tiold by all Dm crista
wholesale or Keno A r.fW. loiean
at retail bj A. U. Chanipney, Perryb gJ
Floral Guide for 1872.
CONTtlMNQ aoronty-twn pages and Two
liiAt'Tirui. Coi.ohku I'latks iiiauly illua
traled, giring pUin direotiona for the euliiva
linn of nearly a tiiouiano vahiktiks of Flow,
era and Vegetables. Ir'ull bound with yuur
name ia gill, poet paid, in November, AO cts.
Paper eorer aud one oolored plau. II ota.
Catalools ot Bur Bi ms and aiKDfnr
Tall plsnung, now reauy auu asm iius w an ap-
c. BEYMOtl,s
iOl Uthuatur, If, Y
II.
eign
ed
rfW
j'
T. Coog. Wu. Walcot
HENRY T. COOK CO.
DBALFHS IN
Watches, Diamouis, fine Jewelry,
Solid Silver i Silver I'l.iUJ Ware, Clucks, if.
Smuit St. TOLEDO, 0IN0.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry carefully
Kepairud and Warranted.
YE(K!lF.XPt;illEI1CEI-ltS
ICAt, CURKS VVAHAT.-Dif 1
1ISPCMAT0KY. Kestsblwked Ihe Fer.
I'lun.
il jars' Block, Monro Street, Teleia,0.
A Pfiuaatit instltatlad.
The uudetsigard ki
ing had fwenty ik
vTT iiaii' cpeiiror a
in lb Uamr Yl
call alt.Diita
those iutrrtaiid loth
luct that h baa tela,
lished suilol ro as
in Myers' lilock, Mrs.
roe-atieel. a rraslas.
UisDenaalorT for Ik.
2 treat ment slid persna.
neni our ot all inowB
DISEASES.
whetherif reoenlorigin or of lung standing, i
Male or Kemnlu. The sucoeaa which haaattend
the practice of the underaigned ia the Irtai.
mentof disuusc ooming under lh above head
Usulllcientgiiaxantee that whatever he under
take, ha performs, and in (very ea ll'ectB
radical aura. 1'rlvsTts Koixu are providrd
where ooiisultatinu can be procured in th
strides! oonAdence.
Uenural Utllce over Nos. Si tni SS. Menro.
street, first room lo the right at lb top of lb
stuirwav. All lo'.lura ooulaiuing a rea.iuaat ot
poKtniie-aiamp promptly answered.
iUHIue huors I iuiu 10 to 4, and fr ni T
Culcuur aUJrens Ui U. TYMPANY,
Saa Tul io, Otaktl
-ViX I 01 AM
L ?Jih i'rt ley,
j',niW- Mir
PRIVATE