Waggery in Politics.
jTjfi Thfl"w, the Olinlrman of the Dem
ocratic Stnto Committee of New York, is
ft wax- With exquisite humor he Delect
the moment when the most flagrant politi
cal' cortaption in our hUtory is exposed in
tho'city where the Democratic party has
an unquestioned ascendancy to declare
that," the present demoralization has hap
i3ul rinder flib ascendeucy of the Iiopu fo
lic n party,'' The phrase is cunningly
chosen, for it is true that the Republican
saity.oontrols the country.. But to Insin
Hire thai it 1b therefore responsible for the
B wlndling of Democrats in New York is
w6xccllunt jesting as it would be to state
that 1t was during the Presidency of Wash
ington that Genet insulted the govern
rtnl, and as if Washington were really
responsible. But after this delicate Insin
uation Mr. Tllden proceeds boldly to do
claro. that there is no doubt the tendency
of Ine principles and measures of the lie
ftaibUcaa party is unfavorable to purity in
government." Mr. Tilden Is a humorist.
He knows xhat .every intelligent man In
thhtytntl nd hears a Democrat grave
ly matting "this remark at this time in the
ityf Kw York, will shout, with Mr.
Squeers, Here's richness 1"
.With all other honest men Mr. Tilden
ices and .deplores the corruption of our
fxditloa. In tho present movement of pu
rification in the city he has taken an en
njetkj and efluctive part, so active and
hrxwd, indeed, that the World, the chief
paperof his party in the city, sneered at
Wiufi We wish Mr. Tilden and his friends
success in their attempts to cleanse the
'Augean stable of their party. Hut why
should they interrupt the good work to
declare that the defilement proceeds from
the Republicans 1 Even the Albany Argus
confesses that the Democrats were the
buyers in tho Legislature. They were the
active, positive corrupting power. But
the- source of the evil is far behind.
"Purity in government" in this couulry
was assailed before any of the present
Twrrifltoy .ring, were in active life. The
rruption id our politics is due to three
chief causes, and each of them is identified
With the Democratic party.
The first of these causes was the del b
erate and dogged support of slavery. The
ground of the fathers upon the subject
was that slavery was rapidly disappearing,
and they would not admit the woid slave
into the Constitution. But from the mo.
meat that slavery became profitable its
gysUmitic defense begnn. It was defend
ed economically, politically, socially,
morally and religiously, and the defender
was the Democratic party. Its position
was an insult to God and man. It falsi
fied the fundamen'al principle of the gov
ernment, and sacrificed all the vital secu
rities 'of liberty. The Democratic argu
ment for a generation was a revolting
Sophistry. Its policy depended upon ap
peals to the basest and crue'est prejudices.
Ignorance and cupidity were the coudi
jUoua of its eucce-s. The party, mastered
by the- great slave lords, became a mere
Instrument for confirming and perpetu
ating slavery by degrading the national
conscience. This demoralization became
o. evident in 1848 that many of the best
men left the party. But it did not change
its course. It would rule or ruin, and at
ilast,' for the sake of slavery, attempted
JMfe destruction of the Union.
,Tha second cause of the corruption of
our politics was the prostitution of tho
jcivil service to party patronage. This
jSws the wo,rk of the greatest of Democra
itic Presidents, General Jackson. He
wholly changed the practice of the gov
jfifnment. Henry Clay, in the Senate, de
nounced the innovation as full of fatal
perils for the country Wlll'amL Marcy,
fa Democrat, whom Mr. Tilden mentions
as au-example of political morality, re
plied to Mr. Clay, and announced the
'naxlm upon which the Democratic Pres
ident was th-n acting "to the victors be
long the spoils." From that time to this
t has been the role. It has filled the
i public service with intrigue and incom
)etency. It has caused the absorption of
'the executive prerogative by the Legisla
ture. It has destroyed the "first great bal
ance of the Constitution. It has made the
national election a mere grab game for
r plunder. And for this vast and incalcula
ble demoralization the Democratic party
ia responsible.
Tho third cause of the corruption of our
rTUticl' is tho reckless pandering to the
ignorance of tbe foreign population and to
tbe political priesthood. The significant
but contemptible illustration of this spirit
-is me conuuet oi me uemocratic flavor
of New York in wearing a suit of green
clothes upon St. Patrick's Day, and in sur
rendering the rights of American citizens
to the threat of a religious mob. It has
been the policy of tho Democratic party
to buy the Irish vote" at any price.
4ue aJcfloocr&tic leaders thought that the
Btipprtf sion of the right of peaceful assem
bly and free speech, or conniving at the
overthrow of the public-school sv stern, or
tneetiiig at niggers would secure that
vote, they aid not hesitate. Ho wholly
Identified was the D&rtv with these de
grading and demoralising tendencies, and
with all the dangerous elements of a great
roinm unity, that when we have sometimes
rmnonstrated with honest men for allow
ing certain theories to serve them as ex
cui-es for supporting the party, thev have
replied, But what would become of us
some good men did not remain to try and
hold the party in check?"
These are the great obvious causes
the corruption or our politics. The infla-
tion and speculation that have fallowed
the war, the chances of contracts during
the war, the general relaxation of moral
fiber which necessarily succteds a war.
are all to be included also. But these are
duo to the war, which was the effort
withstand tbe logical consvauences
fJemocratlc ascendancy. It had depended
upon the pirty patronage, and upon
servility to foreign ignorance and ecclesi
the count; y in order to perpetuate slavery.
The Republican party was the uprising
the country against this conspiracy
iniquity, noes iir. niuun suppose tnat
if tne desperate course of the Democratic
party had not been checked in 18(H) by the
election of Mr. Lincoln and a Republican
...aduiuudtratiou, the moral character of the
oouiitiy would have been purer to day than
it .sir Does he believe that if M'Clellun
had been elected upon the Democratic
surrender platform of '64, or Seymour upon
the Democratic repudiation platform
'08, that purity in government" would
have been promoted?
The last national Democratic platform
'declared for a violation of the national
faith. Tho Democratic General Kwiog,
in the present Ohio canvass, renews the
proposition. Does Mr. Tilden think that
a great party can gravely recommend ras
cality without developing knavery in
tanks? Or does he suppose that in the
greatest Pta'e in the Union where Mr,
William M. Tweed has long been Demo
cratic dictator, buying the Legislature,
forcing the Governor to sign the .brie b
p.uuduriug tho people or the city with
contemptuous audacity, enriching him-
-sclf aud his-Ring beyond reckoning
gbntle-man can ilae ana remark that the
I'oiMiKlinan r xrtxr la t H A irruatncit milhnr
corruption, without niiing tne lana with
uproarious laughter? It is the Democratic
fxtTty that- fostered slavery; that prosti
tuted tho ciiil service j that pandered
ignorance and ecclesiastical wiles that
plunged us into war, which has occasioned
speculation, extravagance, and a wild
creed of riches at any cost: and there
lore, says Mr. Tilden, there is no doubt
tho tendency or the principles and meas
tires of tbe Republican parly is unfavor
able to purity in government." Mr. Til
den is a vug. Harper' i Weekly.
''A few dajs ago Mr. Henry E Brown
a well known hardware merchant
Green Bay, Wis., took a pistol for the pur
poae of killing cats which had causid
uiucb dislurbaiice through tho night in
Vicinity ol bl house, no baa tuopstol
loaded, in a p ciet of his pautuloonx, and,
while endeavoring to pull a spike from
plank, tbe hammer he was using dipped
and came back wita some force, striking
IBVUI Ml. ULV
utplodiug it. The b 11 passed into his
d men, and, it is presumed, upward through
his body. It could not be extracted,
iki itrtiivn men in a i,w nnura
A single tirmtf furniture manufactur
ers in Vienna employs over 4 (XtJ work
Horn,' and pmd urea annually about 450,000
piw ui iuruuure,
Love's Young Dream.
If
if
of
to
of
Mt Dkati Aunt: Although yon told
me when I inyitcd you to my wedding
that I was too young to marry, and not
capable of choosing a mate for life prop
erly, and with duo consideration, I know
that you may now fcol that I was wiser
than you thought. In selecting dear Or
lando, I have gained a most aifectionate
and attentive husband, and one who has
neither a fault nor a vice. Heavens I
What must a girl suffer who finds herself
united to a dissipatod man, who is neg
lectful of her, and disposed to soek the
society of unworthy persons who drink,
smoke, and do all sorts of bad things I
Thank heaven, Orlando Is perfection I
To day is my eighteenth birthday, and
we have been married a year. We keep
house now, and 1 can make pretty good
Ble, only the under crust will be damp,
owever, that must be the oven. Once I
put peppermint In the pudding sauce in
stead of lemon flavoring; then Orlando
was trying to kiss me, right before the
girl, who didn't like either us of going
into the kitchen at all.
The flowors are coming up beautifully
in the back garden. We sowed a great
many seeds but hardly expected so many
plants. Among the most numerous is
one variety with a large leaf, that scratches
one's fingers and don't smell nice. I won
der what it is Orlando frightens me by
talking about weeds; but seeds always
come up, dou't they
Dear Orlando, I come back to him again
so excellent, temperate and true. Tell
all the girls to marry as soon as they can,
if they can find a husband like mine.
I have but one trial business takes
him so much away from me. A lawyer
must attend to business, you know and
sometimes they carry oa the case until
two at night. Often aud often be has ex
amined witnesses until half past twelve
and comes home perfectly exhausted.
Aud the nasty things smoke, so that his
dear coat quite smells of it. And it makes
him as ill as it does mc j I have to air it,
and sprinkle tho lining with cologne
water, before he dares to put It on agan.
I had a terrible fright the other night
dreadful Orlando had told me that busi
nessI think he said it was a ciso of life
and death would detain him late. 8o I
satnp, as usual, with a book, and did not
worry until one o'clock. After that I was
little anxious, I confess, and caught a
cold in my head, peeping through the up
stairs- window bliua, lor, clear aunt, it
was not until three o'clock that I heard a
cab driving up the street and saw it stop
at our door thou I thought I should faint,
for I was sure some dreadful accident had
happened to Orlaudo.
1 ran down to open toe door, and Mr.
Smith, a friend of Orlando's, wbo is not,
contes-s, very much to my taste sucn a
red-faced, noisy man was just supporting
my dear boy up the steps.
on, wnat Las happened? cried l.
Don't be frightened, Mrs. White." said
Mr. Smith. "Nothing at all, only White
is a littlo exhausted. Application to bus-
1)088 will exhaust a man, and I tbought
I'd bring him home."
All right, Bella," saU Orlando. "Smith
tells the truth I'm exhausted."
And, dearest aunt, ho was so much so
that he spoke quite thick, and couldn't
stand uti without tottering. Mr. bruith
was kind enough to help him up stairs;
and he laid upon the b- d so prostrated
that I thought he waygoing to die. Then
I remembered tbe French brandy you gave
me in case ol sickness, i rau to get it
out.
Have a little brandy and water, dear?"
I said.
The very thing. Smith is exhausted,
too. Give some to Smith, he said.
And I so reproached myself for not
having thought of it before Mr. Smith had
gone. 15ut 1 gave a glass to Orlando, and
under Providence, I think it saved his life
lor, on, now Daa he was!
Bulla, said he, quite faltering in his
speech, "the room is going round so fast
that 1 can t catch your eye. And besides
there's two of you, and I don't know
which is which.
I knew these were dreadful symptoms.
Tatie a drink, dear," said I, and I'll
try to wake up Mary and send her f..r the
doctor."
"No," said he, I'll be all right in tbe
morning. 1 m all rignt now. Here s your
health. You're a brick. I" And over
he fell, fast asleep.
Oh, why do men tninK so mucn oi
money-making Is not health better than
anything else
Ot course, as ne naaiamaown mnisnnt,
I took that tti nrst. Ana 1 nianigea to ai
vest him of his coat. But when it came
to his boots dearest aunt, did you ever
tike off a gentleman's boots? probably nut,
as you are a single lady whutatask?
How do they ever get 'em on I pulled and
pulled, snd shook and wriggled, and gave
it up. iiut it wouM not do to leave them
on all night; so I went at it again and
last one came on to suddenly; and over
went on the floor and, into his hat, which
I had put down there t r a minute,
could have cried. And the other came off
the same way, just as hard and just ss sud
den at last. Then I put a soft blanket
over Orlando, anJ sat in my sewing chair
all night. Oh, how heavily he breathed.
And I had, as you may fancy, the most
dreadful fears. He might have killed
himself by his over application to bus!
ness, tor all that 1 knew. The perfect
ones go first, it is said.
Oh. how ditiorentiy should l have felt
hid anything happened to my beloved Or
lando. Ho has not had so exhausting
day s nce, and I think be sees the folly
overwork though it courts will keep open
so late what can poor lawyers do
think it is very inconsidcratoof the fudge,
I wonder if he has a wife, the mean old
thing!
Spontaneous Combustion.
of
of
of
its
II
a
if
to
of
tho
a
QUII
ab
and
Tho subject of spontaneous combustion
has received ot lute years so much atteu
tion, that the real causo cf nearly every
case ot tbe Kind ttiat occurs may l.e cor
rectly surmised, that there is such
thing as spontaneous comuusuon there
now no room to doubt, nut that the condi
tions under which this combubtion occurs
are such, that with the exercise of due car),
they may rarely exist, seems almost equally
assured. The question, in all us belong
ings, is both interesting and important, and
one lu regard to which the managers or in
surance companies should secure all possi
ble information to be obtained in the prem
ises. Certain employments require the use
materials which should, alter use, be always
Btowed in a place absolutely fire-proof,
avoid danger from fire, and certain classes
of goods should be so stored that air may
freely penetrate, to avoid in same result.
Any number of instances may be quoted
in this connection, but a more convincing
prooi is ioutiu in me results oi exiieri
ments recently mode in Detroit, and de
scribed in the trret tyt ol that city
In March lost, a well-known Detroit
chemist, assisted by two curiously-inclined
and scientific loving gentlemen, resolved
makes number of experiments to test the
wcrth of this talk about spontaneous com
bustion, and their experiments are well
worth tho attention of every reader. They
first took a piece of cotton cloth which had
once formed a part of a sheet, and which
had boeu used until quito threadbare, and
stmared it with boiled linseed oil. An old
hest was placed in the loft of a storeroom
back or the drug store, a piece of zinc un
der it, another piece over it, and then the
chest was tilled with paper and rags, and
this particular piece of cloth placed in the
center. Although tne room was not
tight one, and the weather cold, in eigh
days there wa such a smell of fire about the
trunk, and the chances were so good for
conflagration within it, that the contents
were emptied out. An examination showed
that the fibre of the oiled (loth had uu
twisted and shriveled up, and that the rag
looucd as u it had ueen hem too near the
fire
In April, when tbe rays of the sun were
stronger, a I st ot pui liter overalls, liter
ally coveicu with paint and oil, were
roll d up, a handful of pins shavinit
placed inside, and these were crowded
next to tho roof boards of the loft. Tne
experiment was not a week old when, dur
ing one warm afternoon, a smell of smoke
alarmed tbe workmen in the next room
and he found the overalls burning, and
tinderlike was the c oih, that it had to
crowded in a pan of water to prevent total
desi ruction. During the hot weather,
mouth, a handful of old cotton rags,
which two matches were placed, but which
wore not smeared with oil or other mattur,
were shut up in a tin box, and hnng up in
the loft, a rear window allowing the after
noon sun to shine directly on the box for
several hours.
Towards the close of the fourth day the
chemist took down the box to see how the
experiment was progressing, and found
the contents to consist of a puff of black
cinders which flew all over the room as
the lid was lifted. Having a vacant cor:
ner in his briok wood-house at hom, the
chemist took the truck up there where
there was no danger of burning a build-,
ing. Ho filled the trunk with tbe contents
of tho paper rag-bag, and then smeared
ons with ben 7, ie and threw it in the last
of alL The trunk was shut tight, every
thing cleared away from its vicinity,- and
he commenced watching. On the first day
of the menagerie the family went to visit
the Bights, aud came home to find a few
ashes marking the placo where the trunk
stood, while the bricks above and around
were badly stained with smoke.
The results of such experiments as
these show strongly the necessity for cau
tion when dealing with certain subBtancss.
Rags, saturated with oil, becoma liable to
combustion, or a rag ued with benzine
for cleansing purposes, as is often the case,
becomes equally dangerous. Around any
machinery the same danger constantly oc
curs, while the simple close storage of ma
terials of this kind is almost equally un
safe. The great fire of last year, in Chica
go, Illustrates this fact, and shows with
equal force the necessity for a knowledge
ot the laws which regulate spontaneous
combustion, and their due observance by
property owners a point upon which In
surers should specially Insist. American
Bulkier
A New Swindle.
For the past month, a couple of rogues
have been doing a thriving business in
Wayne, Macomb, Washtenaw, Livingston,
aud doubtless several other counties, by
securing farmers' notes for a new hand
cider null. The method of working has
been to visit a farmer, beg leave to explain
the workings and merits of the machine,
generally crushing a few apples with it,
and then to offer him a great chance to se
cure it on trial. They have notes reading
that each farmer can take the cider-mill
on trial for two months, and if. at tho end
of that time, he is not perfectly satisfied
with its workings, the agent is to take the
machine off his hands without cost. These
notes are drawn up to read very smooth,
but that part of the reading at the right
end which refers to a'lowing two months
for trial can be cut off, and a note of hand
is left, which reads that the farmer is to
pay the sum of 76 for the mill at the end
of two months. Tho paper reads so
smoothly that not one in a hundred will
see the "catch." The farmer sees the
mill work, thinks the terms fair and hon
est, and every one wanting anything of
the kind is pretty sure to sign what he
supposes to be a simple agreement Hav
ing secured his signature, the paper is cut
off, nd the note of hand is then discount-
d to whoever will purchase it. borne of
these notes have been purchased by par.
ties in Detroit, Pont iac, and Ann Arbor,
and tho sharpers undoubtedly get
rid of all they can secure. If a farmer
wants a good cider-mill, perhaps the
price is not unreasonable, but this one
turns out to be worth no more than so
much kindling wood. An hour's work
destroys it beyond repair. Or, if the mill
holds out, tbe larmer rinds that a good
coffee-mill would crush his apples just as
well, lie stands the purchase one tide,
calculating to blow uo the agent when ho
calls for it, and the first thing ho suspects
is when he receives a notice stating that
so-and-so holds his note for f 70. A larmer
named Dickson, from Macomb County,
yesterday stated that himself and three
neighbors were all induced to receive these
machines and sign papers, and that two
of the notes were sold at Mount Clemens
for $70 each. The agents travel with a
two-horse wagon, generally carrying about
a dozen of the machines at a load. They
have them shipped from some point in the
i-ast.but where It is not sno wn nor does the
name of the manufacturer appear on any
of the mills. Neither are the mills always
shipped to the same point, sometimes ar
riving nure, suiucuuies ui, auu aiuoi, nuu
again received at small stations on the
railroad lines. Tho agents sign themselves
Briggs Brothers," and this notice of their
swindling operations will be sufficient to
warn every farmer who reads it, against
them. Interior papers will do the public
a good turn by paeslng the rogues around.
Varou rru tress,
How Do Drains Operate?
at
1
a
of
J
is
of
to
to
a
in
so
be
in
After convorsa'lon with several pracli
cal farmers, i am satisfied that many of
them do not lully understand the correct
theory of the action .of drains. To those
who do not give tbe matter their careful
attention, it will seem a very simple matter
to understand how, when it rains, or
when from other causes water accumulates
in the s il, it should escape by finking
down into a well-made dra n; but just here
is where a mistake is made, for the water
docs not come into the drain from the top,
but from the bottom ot the drain; or, in
other words, the surplus water comes up
into the drain, and not down into it. In
all low lands there is a point at which the
soil remains saturated with water, and tbe
distance of this point from the surface will
of course vary with the facility offered for
the discharge oi the surplus water. Where
this point is so near the surface as to atlect
the roots of the farmer's crops, drains are
needed, and should be used, in order
keep this line ot saturation on a level with
their bottoms. In order to simplify the
matter, this line or saturation has been
styled the water table. In case of a heavy
r.in, the water will sink down until
reaches this water, which, from the accu
mulation of water, will gradually rise until
(in the absence of drains) it finds
a natural outlet. The amount
damage done to tbe farmer
will, of course, depend upon the height
this outlet; in somo cases it is so high
to oveinow the surface, and in others will
not reach the surfac but still Is high
enough to uo damage to mo growing
crops.
To explain more clearly my meaning,
suppose a barrel (water-tight) to be filled
with common soil, aud small openings
made at ditturent heights along its side
now suppose water to be poured so slowly
upon tbe surface of tne soil that it will
absorbed as fast as it is poured in the
earth will reach a point of saturation
which it will hold no more water, and
will a'cumula'e at the Bottom of tho bar
rel. If the addition of water is continued,
the artificial water-table will rise, and the
surplus water will pass off at tho lowest
openings; if the water is added faster than
one opening can carry it off, it will rise
tlie next above, and in this way will, if the
water is added last enough, overflow the
top of the barrel. In all cases the surplus
water will rise to the lowest opening, and
not tail to and ercape ny tbe upper rne,
This U exactly what takes placo with
drain. As toon as the drain is opened
lowers the water-table to its own level
and if the water does not come tn ftieter
than the drain can carry it off, will hold
there.
In one caso I was told by a practical
farmer, who bad drains In successful opt-r
ation, that this idea was not correct, for
it was, one drain would lower the water
table on an acre of ground, and should
prove sufficient to drain it properly. But
for the capillary attraction of the soil, this
objection would hold gord. Different
soils possess the power of holding wa
in different degrees aud hence no rule for
spacing drains will hold good they may
bo, and often are, so fur apirt that the
capillary attraction of tbe bo 1 entirely
counteracts the tendancy of tho water
seek the level of tbe drains and hence we
lind, where the n rains are 1 10 far apart, that
tho wafer table is not level, but rises neurly
or quite to the surface, midway between
the drains, but over them fulls to thoir
level.
This line of saturation Is a wonderful
provision of nature, whereby moisture
furnished uni as it is needed, and
proper quantities, provided it Is at the
proper distance trim the surface. It this
jnilut Ib too far from the surface, the pier
of capillary attraction will bit overcome by
the weight of water and if too near the
surface, the crop will be injured by its
roots c ming in contact with the water.
From what I Jiuve already wiittvu, we
may see why drained land Is so much less
liable to wash than that which Is un
drained for the water having a free
passago through the soil 1o the level of
the water table, will pass off in the drain
(nnttad of over the surface of the soil.
Practical Farmer.
Influence of Plants on Each Other.
it
of
of
A few years ago we heard a very tensi
ble and observing farmer say that a crop
of corn would not follow a crop of swedes
or rutalwgas. He had tried it in such a way
as to get very striking results to corrobor
ato his assertion, the piece of corn extend
ing beyond the line of the patch of swedes
of the preceding year, and tho injuiy to
the corn was so clear aud unmistakable,
that you could see tho very line of the
swedes all through the corn patch.
From that day to this, we have been on
the watch for facts bearing upon this
point, not only with reference to this par
ticular plant, nut with a view to ascertain,
so far as possible, the relation w blch vari
ous plants sustain to each other as shown
In their habits of growth, some being sup
posed to bo good neighbors, and others
not; some growing be iter in connection
with or in close proximity to other plants
of a different species, than when alone or
at a dUtance from those species, and oth
ers not getting on at all iu such a neigh
borhood, by having other plants or other
species to associate with. In other words,
the growth of certain plants is favored,
promoted or accelerated by certain kinds
of neighbors, and retarded or interfered
with by others, and this general law in
the vegetable world is probably much more
extensive than appears at first sight.
This law or fact in the vegetable king
dom was known even to tho an. lent Ro
mano, for they noticed how the vine loved
the elm, and they went so far as to call
that tree tho husband of the grape-Vine,
and took particular pains to ret the m to
gether, thai the one might cling to and
support itself on tho lofty and graceful
arms of the other, and it is even supposed
that the elm was first introduced into Eng
land by the Romans for the sake of the
vineyards which they planted. At the
same time they knew that tho vine had
enemies as well as friends, and they would
not grow it near the cabbage with which
old Cato said it was at enmity."
1 bis class ol loci s was known also, to
some extent at least, through the later
middle ages, for in a treatise n agricul
ture as early as 1508, it is said "because
there is a natural friendxhip and lovo be
tween certain trees, you must set them the
nearer together, as the vine and the olive,
the pomegranate and the myrtle others
have a natural hatred, as the vine with
the filbert and the bay." And so tho ac
cacia tree was reputed ti be a "bad neigh
bor tor most plants, and the cabbage
tribe has tbe same reputation, while the
poppy likes to associate with the pea, and
wheat and rye grow much more vigor usly
with tares than they do without. Indeed,
many other friendships and enmities
might bo pointed out among plants.
such lacts, ot eioursc, nave not failed
attract the attention of scientific men, and
the reasons for tnem havo becu investi-
ga'ed, and tbe conclusion seems to lc that
plants excrete lrom their roots, and haves
substances which are gratelul to certain
other plants and distasteful or inimical
still either plants, in a recent work by an
English writer. Mr. G. W. Johnson,
the Science and Practice of Gardening,"
he says: "it tbe roots ol plants do give
out peculiar aud varying matters to the
soil which sustains them, it aids to explain
why one rotation ot crops is supinorto
anotner, as wen as wny tallowing is ben
eficial. Fallowing gets rid, bydicomposi
lion, of sny offensive excremuutitious mat
tors, as well as accumulates that which
desirable to plants; and one crop may
pucexed better after some predecessors
than others, bi-cause their exuvhc are more
salutary." This opinion was held
froles-or Johnson, who says: "That
roots of plants do possess the power
excreting some ef the substances which
are held in solution by their sap on its re
turn from the stem, and which, haviug
performed their offices in the interior
the plant, are no longer fitted to minister
to its substance and growth. This excre
tory power is not confined to the emission
of inorganic substances; other soluble
matters of organic origin are also per
mitted to escape into the soil, although
whether ot such a kind as must be
jurious to tho plant from which they
b- en given out, or to such a dtg.-ee
alone to render a rotation of crops neces
sary, has not been hitherto well deter
mined." If any faitber testimony
scientidc men were needed upon
point, it might be stated that Prof. Licbig
is of the opinion that plants throw out
for ho remarks: "Tho experi
ments of Mucaire Princcp show
plants made to vegetate with their roots
a weak solution of acetate of lead,
then in rain wat r, yield to the latter
tho salt of lead which they had previou
ab-orbed. They return, therefore, to
soil, all matters unnecessary to their exist
ence. When bulbous -"ots, such
hyacinths, are allowed t grow in plain
water, this gradually acquires a brown
color. It therefore cannot be denied
excrements are actually given eitl'
plants, although very possibly they do
produce them to the same elegne."
It must beregardedas settled that plants
emit soluble matters from their roots,
this matter differs very much in dilfircut
kinds of plants that is, this matter from
leguminous plant is unlike that from
cereal. It may or may not be such as
cereal will take up. but it will be likely
suit a plant of a different character
that by which it was excreted or given
Among tho friendships of plants it
recently been discovered that a strong
"attachment" or "affinity" exists betweeu
the mangold and tho Swedish turnip,
careful experiment has established
fact that even on land where tbe swede
has failed for the last few years, if sow
in tho same rows with the mangold, it
a remarkabli growth. Periiaps
alternate rows would be found sufficiently
near, but in the trials alluded to
were drilled into the same rows, the man
golds first, at the rato of four pounds
seea per aero, another drill machine
running one hole only, with
pint of swede si ed in tho same rows.
This practice has met with a perfect
without a tingle failure for the
six or seven yeara. MasacKuetts l'LovyK-man.
From Grass to Hay.
it
to
it
it
if
is
There la no part of the year, or
of tho life of horses, onttle aud uheep,
fi'oro stock, in which they
often eulfiT for luck of care, food
t-hdter, aa during tbe season from
future of grass to the time when tbuy
regularly iiisttilltd in winter quartern,
are receiving their winter dully rations.
The b:euk winds, chilling storm,
nights, cold ground aud frobt-liitten grass
of November, have a very different effect
upon ad farm stock, from the warm
ts, sott bedding, early cut bay, appetiz
ing Swedes, and dally nursing of Juuuniy
aud Fohruary.
Of the niauy excuses offcrod by farmers
for neglecting their Block ut thisstasou,
scarcely oue of ttu tu Is worth tho hear
ing but still they are luauo un it rstandingly
if not ortilly, aud have the rffrct
stultify and quiet the conscience of
herdsman, to tho great detriment of
stock.
If every stock-raiser would receive
truth, embrace it as such, fully compre
hending its importance and vurlous bear
ings, that any and everything that much
or littlo interferes with the comfort of
lessens their thrift and costs
dollars and cents, there would be much
lctig Iors in the weeks intervening summer
and winter quarters. There is such a
to commence feeding out,
grain, bay, coarse feed in the !-rn, ai
roots in tlie c Uur, that the stuck is often
left to brouse and grub ou the hi
among the bushes, ou the meadows, or
the wood, as long and late iu the
as they continue to "till" themselves
full, with the lulHtuken idea
until they bi'gin to look lank and sharky,
they are "getting along," aud the winter
feed In tho barn U saved I
But slock may look full without ger
being satisfied; yes, aud they may
full constantly, and all the time growing
poor, as it mailers little whether they
lull of blenched sluliblet, grats,
lcavi-H or wiud.
Aud If they have uo place to feed
to
to
is
by
of
of
times away from the bleak and chilling
autumn winds, or to lie nights except on
the cold Bud wet earth, and unprotected
from wind and sto m.they will be uncomfortable-,
and necessarily deteriorate la con
sequence.
A tat animal keeps warm easier, ana ot
course requires less food for fuel, than a
loan one t and it is far better that stock
should come to winter quarters extra fat
than otherwise
The winter a oarterg should be go con
strue cd as to exclude frost at "pinch of
winter" and all other times, and yet so as
to have good air especially for milch
Cows which may be doue and allow five
times the cubic spaco of the cubic si so of
each animal, for each to occupy. Cor
respondent Western liural.
The factory operators at Lowell, Mass.,
who have here ofore boon allowed foriy
fivo minutes for dinner, now have an
hour, and thoir working day Is but ton
hours and three-quarters long.
m m
Two or three doses of Sheridan's Cavalry
Condition Powders will cure a horse of any
common congh or cold, and the very worst
esse may be cured In a few weeks. W e know
this from experience.
Tbr Idea o a Univbkhal Mkdicini Is at
last realized In Da. Walksb's California
Vinroar Bittbhs. This concentrated essence
of tbe finest medicinal herbs and roots in the
Western hemisphere eradicates all diseases
which havo not undermined the sources of vi
tality, and in Chronic Indigestion, Nervous
Headache, Congestion of the Liver, Rheuma
tism, Gout, General Debility, and Innumera
ble ulcerous and scabious disorders, It is a
specific absolute and Infallible.
I000 Reward is offered by the proprietor
of Dr. Pierre's Golden Medical Discovery for
a medicine that will equal It In the euro of
Bronchitis, severe Coughs, and the early
stages of Consumption. 687
Wood's Household Maoazink. "On
ward, right onward noma to be the aim of the
palillxhors. We thought It Impossible to excel
tbe September number, bat October, with Its lUt
of famous contribute and its valuable reading,
Is a perfect gem, and we cannot understand how
so much real worth and merit, from such popular
writers as (ireuluy, Farton, Beecher, Gall, 11am
llton, etc., etc., can be furnished for only one
dollar a year. The Magazine il steadily tncreaa
ing in public favor, and we predict for It a brilliant
future, for people are not slow in bestowing tbclr
patronage where thoy can ohtaln the most for
their money. Specimen copies furnished free.
Published by B. 8. Wood A Ci., Newburgh, N. T.
Eabtkh Motinino, a Chromo from that
perfection of loveliness by Mary Theresa Bart. A
plain, solid, Latin crow of white marble, and
twined wreath of exquisite flowers, tihould one
sit down and select tbe very first of bis favorites
of the conservat ry, -there thoy are In all their
wealth of beauty, hanging gracefully over the
arms of the cross; roses, pansles, fuchsias,
g rinluiBB, heliotrope, etc with their varied green
loaves, so artl-tlcally arranged that the contrast of
colors Is most beautiful In its effect. So fresh.
dewy and natural are these gems of the garden.
the a!r scorns tilled with their fragrance. A rare
combination of beauty, faithful to the original
painting, and called Pr ng'a best. Reduced size
txll.. Price per copy. $3. This charming
Chromo will be sent as c premium, fr. e of postage,
to any one sending three subscribers to Wood s
IJouMhnlii MoQazlnr.. or to any one who shall for
ward three dollars for one sabetrlptlon three yean
in advance, thus obtaining three dollars' worth of
magazine and three dollars' worth rf I'hromo for
only (3. A variety ot other premiums offered on
equally liberal terms. Specimen copies f the
magazine free for raising clubs. Address 8. S.
Wood Co, Newbnrgh, N. Y.
Kand, McNam.t Co.'s Railway
Cuidi Is ont for October. Tbls number seems to
be especially commendable, aa It contains tbe com
plete Time Cards of aomo dozen or more new
road roads completed or extended tbts past
ceason also giving fall Information of all Lew
stations.
This Guide, It will be remembered, differs from
all others. Immediately following the Time Table
(as tn ordinary Guides), this publication gives the
population, general situation, newspapers, banks.
leading manufacturing Interest, and hotels of
every railroad and river town (large or small)
west of Pittsburgh and Huflalo.
It Is for tale by all newsdealers. Bent to any
address by the publishers. Rand, McNam-t A Co
II Clark street, Chicago, upon tbe receipt of 26
cenl and 4 cents posiage.
An Unprotected System.
of
this
ex
crements, that
In
ard
all
ly
the
as
that
by
not
but
a
a
the
to
from
off
bos
and
the
not fancy because you strong yon
are Impregnable to alcknesa. Whole neighbor-
hoot's are freqnently prostrated at this season by
malarious fevers. Vigorous muscies and strong
sinews, broad shouldoni and sound lungs, are no
defense agalnft tbe mephitlc vapors of autumn.
Frames that have withstood tbe summer beat
may succumb now. Many an athleUc man.
whose family depends for Its support on bis In
dustry, now lies prostrate, weak and helpless ai
a babe, under the periodical assaults of chills and
fever, or bilious remittent fever. This could not
be If all were wise enough to provide against such
a contingency, hy toning and fort Tying the sys
tem with Uostettsr'a Stomach Bitters. This ap
proved vegetable tonic is absolutely harmless, ao
that it Is sheer folly tot to take It as a safeguard
at a season when diseases of the liver, tbe stomach,
the bowels, and Inde.d all the visceral organs are
generally prevalent. To keep tbe system tn or
der and Insure health, or to put It tn order when
this precaution has been neglected, is the duty ol
every human being who values life. For both
these purposes Uostetter's Bitters Is designed, and
It 1 nswers both. Petty local dualera are endeav
oring, in many parts of the country, to substitute
preparations made of Impure aud dangerous
materiuls in its stead. Give them a wide birth.
They are prepared by unskillful experlmentors,
wbo want to turn a penny at tho expense ot the
public health.
The Rkason Why as Mahy Dii with Cowsrjip-
tiom, t Ix-causo they neglected to umi thejiropt-r
remedy tn feavon. When the sy tem la Or-t at
tacked with a cough, oppression of tbe chet, or
seated pains lu the biettst, Allen's Lung Balsam
will causo the phlegm to ralfie, heals the irritated
parte, sua restore lue system to nesun.
THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, October 7, 1871.
they
of
fol
lowing, a
suc
cess lost
IW.F.V C sTr-LE air to I'rbue.tlii.OO P 1100
llOUS l.ivo 4 15 S.liO
Drueaad Ii0l
tl.76
B.75
PIIEKP-Llve 4 to ft
co rrtjN Middling at,
p lam n fciira n.vu a
hi
i.r.4
.7ti
.53
1.1 U
WHEAT Spring, No. S l.M
C'OKN Western, Mixed 75
OA IS -Western 59
HYE Western t-8
B A K LEY Westorn XI
l'OKK Mess 13.(0
60
13 lii
LH1
WOoL Eitra
.wika
my
.tiO 64
.61
Pulled til j .3
Vnwiuned bfl T& .54
Tub UT a -Ol)
CHICAGO.
i-g-peoiully
bo
antl
the
are
and
long
sta
ll BEEVES Choice f4.75 l ls.no
flood 4,'. (t 4.50
Fair Grades 8.71 O 4.M
Medium 1.50 8.75
STOCK CATTLE Common.... S.5U A 8 5J
Interior 9. HO A li.25
IlOdS Live 4 1X1 44 4.60
BIIEEP Live Good toCholco.. 4.M iA 4 75
UU I'l'KK Choice li O ,3
KUOH Freud 80 a .44
Jf'LolIlt WhiU Winter Extra... .0 tt AW
Pprlug Extra S.7H it 7.(0
GRAIN Wheat Bpriug, No. 1. l.W'ii 1.81
No. 1.1H 6 1.184
Corn No. t 47
Hurley No. S 511 H .lid
Oats No. M
Rye No. Ms
Ltnn o:i?. .m
PORK Moss 13.00 a 18.lt
WOUL Fleece 4 4fc .til
Unwashed X5 tt .44
CINCINNATI.
the
his
as
FLOrR-Famlly t).0 (f $7 10
WllKAT-Rud 1.43 C 1.45
CORN 53 .6-1
OATs) 85 tftt .40
RYU 78 fa
IIARI.EY-Fall SO dn l.tnl
Uliu ovo .outt
POItli-Mew IS. 75 C-ft 13 00
BKBF CA'ITLK 8.01) 4.51
UOUS-Llvt)..... 4.80 to 4.70
ST. LOUIS.
re
luctance the
d
Is,
BEEF CATTLB Choice U.5 fo U Tt
Good to Prime HMO it 8.75
BOUS Live 875
FLOUH-XX a.Otl
WU1SAT No. I Rod 160
CORN Mixed, In bulk 47
OATS Mixed, sucked
HYK-No. II 1
BAIt LEY Choice M
PORK -Mens li.15
LARD 'ilurce 0U
4 85
C 81
1.51

M
75
.110
t 18 110
MILWAUKEE.
tol
erably that
WllbUr-tip lug, No 1 l.titt(. l.M
No. S i.lHHdi 1 1
CORN No. t 41,1(4 .47
OAI'S-N. t S!'h(' .80
RYE No. 1 tit (it .M
UAKLUY-No.S til to .tit
.01
CLEVELAND.
be
5
1.41
,5U
.uv

WllE AT-No. f JUd Wiuter...
CORN Mixed
OATS No. 1
fa 85
Oi Mi
it .00
to .aH
DETROIT.
day-
.Ml
I)
to .til
to .0i

l 'OHM
OAfS-No.....
Great Success.
The new house of Hamlin. Hale A Co..
whose tnscntflcent building has previously
k... J..-. t..A i..
enormous business, and now scil from loO.OOO
to IT.VOoOriatlv. Combining not only all de
partments ever kept by dry goods houses, but
aisn tne largest carpel business in tjnicago,
inn nrm possesses extraordinary advantages.
TnsKH Is no disease flesh is heir to mors
troublesome to manago than rheumatism. It
comes when yon least expect it, and generally
remains till It gets ready to go away. The
most conspicuous remedy for this complaint
ia yonnntm a jinoayns xinimrni.
FINANCIAL.
Investment Securities.
at Cooks ft Co. are now selling, and rcc
ommend as a profitable and safe investment
for all classes, tho First Mortgago 7-80 Gold
Bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, bearing Seven and Three-Ycnths pel
cent, gold Interest (mora than 8 per cent, cur
rency), and secured by first and only mort
gage on the entire road and equipments, and
on more than 23,000 Acres of Land to every
mile of track, or 500 Acres of Land to eacl
$1,000 Bond. The highest current prices wll'
be paid for U. 8. Five-Twenties, and allothei
marketable Securities received in exchange,
Pamphlets, maps and mil Informatlcn will be
furnished, on application, by Jar Cooki
Co., Philadelphia, New York and Washing
ton, and by most Banks and Bankers through
out, ine country.
19IO-
-TO-
FOR THIRTY-ONE TEARS
PERRY DAVIS'
PAIN-KILLER
Hn twn trsttvt in rvrrj Turlfty of cllrrmte. and by nlmnsl
evcrv n:itlin known to AmericiuiR. It ti thf almost con
hint runiunl-in anil imfHIinatik- Mewl of the uilMionHry
mid (hi tntveler, on wn and lml, nud no one tiliould
iravi! on our LAKhs Uti iUVblUi nirnuuL 11.
FAIN-KILLEB wai the first and it the Only
rermaueni rain-neuever.
8lnce the VMS KIM.KUwm flrnt IntrMnrM, and mrt
with nm-lt HmuriMtHM! nniny Llnimnii, Pmia-rt.and
oihor milled!! havo heen nflvn-a lo tho public, hut riot
one of them h ever athtlnetl the truly bnviamle btam
UU OF T11K 1'Airt-tWLL.L.U.Lb
WHY IS THIS SO t
It lii lieniio DAVIS' PAIX-KILLER la what It claim
Co bo a rc-liL-vtir ol pain.
Its Merits are Unsurpassed.
Tf yon am miffpiins from INTERNAL PAIN, twenty or
rniriy (in in a nme water w u ninnnu insi;inuy euro
you. Tliciu i nothliiJE to eoual It. In a few momenta It
run
Cal In, Cramp. Fpnama, Hrnrtharn. Dlar
rlittfi Dynlntory. rlnx Wind In the
IS owe In, Hour Mtoiniirht Dyn
pcpwla. Hick Ueuducbe.
In unctions of Uie country wlwro
FEVER AND AGUE
Prevail, thera Is no mnedr hold In eroater patwm.
Kvery houekeeprr thonld keep It at harnl, to apply It or
ne nri aunPK or any rain, n wui f!ivu BaiumtL-iury re
ten and aavp iKinra of (uitterini
l)o not irllle with yonnelvw hy trtlnfc nntficd renin-lie-,
lie sure you rail for and iret tho crniilne PAIS
KlIXKIv, a n'tiiny worthies ntwtniim nre attrniped to be
soi'i on me liicui repmiinon or uiih vnitmitie nicuiune,
llfDirwhoiw accompnuytuK each bottle.
Price 43 eta., 30 ct and 81 per Bottle.
J. N. HARRIS CO., Cincinnati, 0.,
Proprietors for the Western aud SouUitrn btntt.
2P Sold by all Medicine Dealers.
For H.p by
IItRMIi:T KTMU
(rllKKNK llinuN,..,
NlYft UH06
...i nirnzo.
....Si I'itul.
iITHK.IIG-E'j
XX FLINT GLAS3
I LAMP tlHViXEVS 69
Stand Hrnt better than any other made.
Ask for Sithridge's, and take no other.
re that our uumc la on every box.
DITHRIDGE SON, Pittsburgh. Pa.
ty-Wend for Price Mat.
FIVE
ntyaterlnna Plrtnrra hent eik on
recc:l ol une stamp for it,tn?e.
ADAMS CO., Boston.
IT IS. Arnitu wanted to sell DVk.on's
aud novel oi:k t-cw. Hriiiht for wile.
WALTKli IMCKKON. Albany, X. Y.
PflDICI 0ne rwkftKe of Pnor T.kos Maoto
uUllLO I (nvMi sri. will Instnnttr Curl the
ft'ralzlittwi hair of either sex (without lnjury into wavy.
rmi;i,ii or wavy, niawive t nrm. in everv ease, or more v
r-f indel. Priv, aj cu. per packue, i-oat paid, or 3 lor 50
Wilts. AUUIUU.
E. H01,BItOOK, Uxbridire, Mass.
LINE for an ADVERTISEMENT hi
830 Weekly Newspapers
cliviilntlntf )n nil the JCorttiPrn Ptntrn of tlie Union. Ttot
una diva)! medium ol Ilh kind In the wurlu. hsuniuiet
ecni on application to
fc. W. FOSTEltf 41 Park Row, N. Y.
NOW HEADY I
NEW COLLECTIONS OF
SACRED MUSIC.
A larc qnartn volnme of ?!9 naiTM. suitable far qnar.
xeiie or ciiorus cnoirs, usiawcoi tonu-iini eoinpfiw en-
hlbiitionn finm the most eminent Anierlrmi coinpowni
oi rimreii niuMc, kitiui imm ine works oi uto emu iiih-
ters. hih1 tlie eholcM eotnixjsitloiui of tne nii'itor. IhM
w hole loniiB th" ni'i!t complete and d Mi able collection
sacred niumr eiinnt. Tliewoikts emw!v well a-'apitnl
for ue In all Prottnnt denomination. Mr. Butim)eli has
devoted to tho pi-eparation ot Itiiri lok the Iks! ywirw ol
hia lift' he Intetulti it to Lm his last work of this chiss, and,
ihetei; n haa Hparef I no pain to make It worthy of a per
manent place In all ilrst-clarw ctHrir. lrlce, Imtiua In
cloth, fcl.oo, bojtnljs Cupius mailed prepaid ou n-
vipi Ol pnee. i unii.-ueu iv
LYOW HEALY, Ctloago.
LABEL WAREHOUSE.
In addition to our former stock of labels we have Jnt
no .ehi tiio entire siock oi v. itaiiKom a i t .ana j.raire
ft Joiu-a, ot Buffalo, and now Imve tlie lnrent I.alh-l
Wart-houM In the United Statin, showlni; (llirnrnt
sivlee, and Run cHtlnir over four niiiiiou lalH'li. kept In
stock fr Hair Oils I'omailcH, Perfimiorj, l.itmorw. Vrtdts,
KxtractK, vie, Includliu: th celehrHted Leaf set of Dmwer
I.uIh 'k. Dniguifta l.aU-la printett, gumuml nuUcut to or-
uer tut uurcujioiv. doiu lor sauipieb uuu prices.
MILLAR BKOH.
Late Millar A Perkins. Frtahl!hed in 1R?K.
8. E, Cur. Juike and CUi k, b(s Chicago, 111.
OPIUM
HABIT
CURED
PJaOF. D. MEEKER'S
Infallible Cnre for tho Opi
um ixuuiu
Tbe first and only reliable and pain
letw nmly lor the Opium Habit ever
iilcovrml. Cnn'M w uliont miy tncon-
venionc to or hihmiiiiim of hu.-i
iicM, Pamphlets sent fivo ou appll-
cauon. flii'iivsM,
11. DltUI INKU ft CO.,
toil nittnn iitiui
Iji l'orte, tnd.
For an ADVERTISEMENT In
270 NEWSPAPERS.
This LM comprise
large Proportion of tha Best Western
Country Papers, Superior in Character,
Circulation and Influence to those
of any other list.
WrtERE CUTS ARK t'SKIl, OVI.Y TltltKE RKQriREl
run THE WHOLE LIST.
For lists, esllmatoa and rurtlier particulars, adilmsa
A. TJ". KKLLOGG,
MtnllU alalliii street, Clilracn
The King of itllm'riii Hprlnu l Ihe German
dcu7.t; uui
Tarrant'i Effervescent Boltzcr Apcriont
In U duntiente. l'tiem attiKtlns li wondnnd Tonlr
Aerieul aa AntllMliuiM nualtii h w :irni In lUnn iiii-j
buii-rff. 1 1n- miifloii iiiiH tK-eii W'UUil u htillier urtifii liiilv
inedleated wafem m.iv not lie eoiml to those whleh hnnif
8iarklmK fiom llie earth Itn-lf. I'liey ean; and tlu-hrluee
Aisxrkciil. when iintl.nilili'tH v nure a- d i.t-nulne. iixjv( I li
fiet. HiitloiiN. Aceept uauHoiUr bOiiM
b ALL DlU.ULilolS.
STEAM ENGINES
FOR 8ALU.
ONR BCDDICK MTKAM ENGINE,
if iionte-nowrr mee wnn ihivmior, sum. fyrrmi
time ami u.imiNlnl. Will Im sold lur i'our llunuiil
uouani, cun. aimj. one
BECOND-HAND HORIZONTAL ENGINE,
(Mmle by K. J. Good Co., Chlemm,! D-lione-iinwiT. 'O
e-.ivll.-nt ookr and Wiin;itt-d. Pure, allli ,Iii,1m,iii
uoveruor, fiuo. Cost m-w, (riiu5. Ail'liti-i Imiiwl'.iuiy
A. N. KM.I.IH-I,
1 1iut 1 111 Miulluu, Hire I. rMiw.-.i. III.
A line Aeinrmieiu ol OrenltioimtlHr Pnint
liiMNUuh inll iiir-iun noil:) lor uttutiuiMiina wmi.
fl.itv-s TiUta. aa(H'i. tV w ill lu-Kilt k'e.! i.,ta uu IWVtt
W di Vis AUUjtMDViA. l uet UUlvVi
A df A
:v rr Kr -t
TRY THE TRIAL TRIP I
mm
Mi.FiMur.r
THE GREAT IUUSTKATEI) WEEKLY.
(NEW VOUK C1TV, Kt HOCHRSt E. N. V.)
THE THIRTEEN NUMBERS of lh Quarter from
Oct. 1 1 871 lo Jan. 1 1 872, will be enl. On Trial,
for Only FIFTY CENTSI Try the TRIAL TRIPI
IP XIO 3VE
:.-Vi Cult .rrT'at t i tO-
THE RURAL NEW-YORKER will be aent from
Oct. 1, 1871, to Jan. 1, 1873, FIFTEEN MONTHS
(G5Nos.)-ror $3; or two copies (to different post
offlces, If desired,) the same time, for $5, which
Is giving TWENTY SIX NUMBERS A! Xi.li.Jii I
T O
I A Ml! A R V
Moore's Rural New-Yorker.
The f.reat National HlunlrnltH Vri, Is the
Standard Authority on Aarlciiliiire, IliirileuU
lure, Kir., and a favorite Literary and Family
Paptr all over the Continent. It is Ably Edited,
Finely Illustrated, and by fur the LaritfRi, uni
and h-api-t Journal of lis Clan in tht World I
For over Twenty Years it has been the most rnp.
ular Weekly In its Sphere, but Its Contonts, Style
and tltHnrtd i'Hrt for i7 'H render it still
more acceptable. Only S'i.HO a Year; 9 In
iuba. tireat l'rcmiuins to Club Agents. Speci
mens, &c., sent free. Draft'. P. O. Money Ordtri
mnd Registered Letter! at our riik. Address
D. D. T. WOOB1, Hew York City.
WANTED. Partlrn who liave a very small capl'al,
j or eiiii Kt wrurlly, and are dPHlrousot making
t irnvel. Addn M. if. TLLTON, l'ilUburgh, Ia.
v in a num. nonunion-. im-.-iRnw nuMim-Ha hi iioiih-,
a II lllitFrknnli. C'lrrka find Ynnnir Mm
ahnnltl li,tv IWiL-k-f!iili,ir Mntlo k.ii.tv." KnrWmc
nity cent to 11. OOULl)l!i HltYANT. Iliillulo, k. V.
BOOK AGESTS WANTED
FOR TWO XIV A2.D POPTT.AR WORKS,
KNOTS UNTIED;
or, Trra Himutw I.ifr of Amkrtoajt nrTFrrrvw.
diM-lnxw the whole lM-iveilvc byttem. twenty thousand
copti potd iu thirty uuys
A WOMAN'S IIIKI.TJAI3
To Til. Holt I.Axn. hy Mrs. 8. M. (irlsmild. This work
i lu-r eriMTKnces dunnir n tour tnroiu.':n r.urojw arm
l-i oninpany with Mark Twain' and the "Qim--ty'
party. f nfti-r extra terms anrt premium,
Am-m. E.-nd for clrrulnrs. J 11. H I' K It, tl 1 UK
t'O., rhlCH'm, III., and Harlfonl, Conn.
llcUovcl and cured bv Dr. SW;n:mV VMrnt A.lnner
l-.r 1n k Willi plulirii-.iiiic likt-ii' of tviiM-f lvlui
T-nr-mil'l. nni'-t' (.''i ill i:mvv'iv, I n im
lcr cuiv, w UU tlenrv wain f e.--, r'i-i-
;ir(rnit. licwuiv ot liaviin hnilon, who pretend
ftvt'U-eniit.i;iiiisil lr. MiKiuiAX.
IfKVO
IV (.un M:t:rlal. Ac-, u( cvvvy kind "t Uv l-wl puco
in i.r it I'riiT i.i-i to
Anay Ouii. iijulverH. tvc. um-u in exciiiiiite
MT'NN CO., pnMlalteni Sriittifb
'nertttH,-U I ;irK itw, i
ilftiH cv-rvwlieiv. TVi'iny-flv
iiin' e.ter!( nee. Kvei"-tl.ill';
luluitutl.
atfin Lawcjiiidt-iuule to Inxcntonj.
WAN
A mate or female in every eMnmunUy to
my Ph.k MKni iKA a nwwa wwiiy
TED
eil with tlie Pil.wpn'iermi.
Ili. KOSl-; Box S3, Chicago, 111
FREE
T r V un m p I on of our treat pace 91.00
iliUMtvittsti MtH-kly i0 ani i-rtiatrliUtd.
Vtne Stivl Kliirnivtutnt fhi tn MiiltM-HlMrH.
A rjents maKr., a day. cciia lor Saturday uuzettei
iiaiiowrii, mo
AlitTN."-Don t work- for f '.OO
u- u itrrii il vou vonr:in mskf fcill.Oo 11
tu lilu M-lllnir our so-Kl. llu.sn-s ltLrhl au.l Imin.nihl'
tnu ntii-irlM no liunilny. aO.UOO sold I
week. AiMi-i-sh,
illUMtOK. KENNEDY .V- m..
rtiu-lmrRli,
UPKAM'S ASTHMA CURE
Relieves most violent namxvsms In $r tttfnttfst,
nvt-i a ;hviv enn1. lru-e f j liv nmll. Aunn'ssb.
ri'llAM, llfM boiim Mi'lith Srt.. J'lilliulitnhi
UEDUCTIO OF PK1UEM
To conform to
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
Great Having to rnnMiioT hy grttlnn
1 1 ui-.
nr S -nit fir onr Kimt Pr'rp I ,it nml a Club funii
r. ,mniii- U i-,.l:IHMlll'L' f,:ll li rvvll, IM ll.liitf lUr
vyum to i:oii'lin- wul ixiniuiwiuvy u club oi i;uui,u-s
THE (iBKAT AMKltlfAX TEA CO..
O. Box SMi .1 1 am! 3.1 VVsrv 8I Ni-w
PARTNER WANTED.
To tnke the plav of n wiiior partner about retiring
ntiMius In a Uil iU', weil-eMaonwiu-n aim proaix-naif i
l,uUih.nn mid It'M-W Muiiiiiaetnrinii hoiw tin hli-ao.
Must ihi a iii-vi-t-iaiu. niifine ni-ia una niruiu imi
r. !..r.. ii. w 1 :ihiihI iit i UHTii ..hN A(lilrt S.
".MAMbAl llUI'.i;," VOX lii. I
AGENTS WANTED FOR Xff YA
nir D A TTI A HUtory of tiio Fruueo-0
UF tAllLLif imui V.ur; mid
THE KEII UtllELLlON IN PARIS,
Aeeurate, relmhle sntl complete, in Kuslich and (.f-rman,
40,WHe..i.."Hahi'.i:lv whl. ivh-e, .:V'. Addnt
M-aynV' KvrntK H-hk, Map ano Pk-ithk
CiiKo,Uneuuiu, fct. Louis, .cs uin-aiifui w
AY
rANTED-Ajeiil eveiywhev, ni:ile wui
.0 M r wtvk
tlv. Aildiess J. ilLM
HYMoNllS.4 l.iU-i-iv
liostuu.
A a-k I in KKt Ni.
4eor,iiitl ur its rutin',
Mni'ib iukI rai.ii UMcne-'.
WttiTUitett lo kiin i'-e'.;v. l-'tr-t 1'r- in inn nutntliliU
ih.i moil Knit, s Kiilr. IIIii.oU Hair l-'iiir ati.l liitHL't 44
liililUlird tuners iird iiini'-ilt'!t'!in' pn'inplly
Kii r. l.".i-'iHt woiksoI tn- kJ-ii in ine l mieu Mines,
ten.l ii lo. t 1 1 A. t; K.I'l.rlMi. :L-;iainl M;iie
ChK.lM Al-O Mlpel-U Ml 1 K HI.Nh I.MiA1U
3 O'Olools.
A new edition of the Fntcut Law, vith olhVlal
for proeoediuff tofor tho Patent office, etc., including
i'ensui for 1S70, coinplote, Itahowa tho population
cuuutict) of all tho Htatei and Territories, and ponuta-
tion of cities of over 10,000 Inhabltunta, Iiurwrf
every patentee who has rights to wdl. It ennnlea
to euU-tilutu the value of territory, hy the population.
Priee, bound, 2a cents, slutted ou ruvulpt vi price
Address
MtYXV A CO..
PubUkheni bcitxnno Aukhii'an,
Kew York Clly.
HOW TO OUTAIN THE XK7
MEMPHIS THEATRE
And mlu'i n'Hl Ktiiio. valiK d ai 4Hn,(HK. hntd t"r a
k uar ai oiicv. wlin U will l' lor-v.mtt 1 h c, f.mumhy;
llwuuurtllMi. Ad.h'.s pAssMol.K tV la'J'KIN,
.Ut inpiiifs ienn., or mi M;t.n.on m., nit-ao,
MMeuiM. Ti-nn.. bift. 4.
We. the itn'letiinu'd eiiienc ul leuiphK. lake i.U-.imhi
In klittnikt tli.u w' Hie perw.n.uiy H .iiaiiin u nn
I'liK'-imn'e iv itninn, .tnn hh pa iwitu- i'(iuiiit-iHi
tut ui'iiileiiien ol prointy anu eaj a iiy, in w wv iepivu4.ii
.k our iMstitlf i- in ulaev iuii-liett thUl luu-:
jso. Joii.Sboh, Maor oi I L, A. I oi k, i Ii rk and
Mt'ini'iiW, l "i iiam-4-ry.
W. M. UwjU'H, City At- W. M. M 1,ko;, Klate
on v 1 l'"Uiitv Tax Culltvior.
Fm iv Nv. ItoiiKUTHON, Hty P. I. Dovi.k, t Ink
i :iv (ili.vi.r. I t irenit I'ourt.
Ii. U. ItuuAUiM, (:ily ite-IA. k.wakis
ihlt'l'. I llllMOt'.
I.Ko.s TttoratT-it, He'r ta- I J. ,1. Mi hi-iiv, Pivalder
rv t immiior l oniueivc oi jueiupiti iMajt.
l.......l,au I
I am arnalnted with the reputation of the above-named
ffl'llUt UI'Ml, .1 t-SI-a,. HV IIK1IT Of IVIIlllll, (ll)ii'Wliin
ah ee ivproteh. .I.e. hi kcklkt. eluiitiiHiiCuuuiy i
I hit iiti,) otHt i:tl iiiti-inent. tt.lt id to tl, it ol
b'l.ii.r nr-li ami eili 't-L'iei Mv, Willi pr--,
jKx;Uuii auuuuttvU U U1 puwu. PaiMXulU Jt lit
iiii 11 1
"CTOI
0 ,1m
U
lo
emit
if
n"
C4-
wll
per
A v
Pa.
and
C,
u
ili
York
from
nm
iim, ItlCHMi.
(.ih..
ilmB,

'maie
"il V
at-
jj-
bU,
rulca
by
nt to
him
eir-
luU
ut,
171.
Miumk,
in
aiaiv
and
beiond
County
om
m
tw rtv
nut,
TirnitH writinu t AivF.nTiF.Kfs
I V pirn, any foil i
ndvrrtlermenf
In ihla.aiirr-
mo-R, x.
a great medical discovert
PHI MOD Tfln.' t
M-'nnrirrlal ;.ttl.
The? nre not a vlln FANCY PRINK..
Madeof Poor nam, V bilker, Proof Pptrlto
and Refuse Liquor doctored, spiced and iweew
enfld to please the taste, calif d "Tonics, "Appetls
eri, Restorers, c.t that lead tbe tippler oft
drunkenneas said rain, bat are time Medicine. mad
from the Nattre Boots and Herbs of C sit for n la, fr
from all Alcoholic Htlmnlnntn. They are ft.
GREAT RMOI PURIFIER and A LIFE
OIVINU PRINCIPLE. perfect Renovator nd
Invijforator of the System, carrying off all poisonous
matter and restoring the blood to a healthy condition.
No person can take these Bitters according to tit re o- 1
tlons and remain long unwell, provided their bones
are not destroyed by mineral poison or other means,
and the vital organs wasted beyond the point of re
pair.
They are a Genii Purgative as well aa a
TonlCf possessing also, the peculiar merit of acting
as a powerful agent In relieving Congestion or inflam
mat ion of the Liver, and all the Ylsccrnl Organs.
FOR, FEMALE COMPLAINTS, whether la
young or old, married or single, at the dawn of wo
manhood or at the turn of life, these Tonic Blttors aav
no eqnal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheam'
tUm and Go or, Dynpepain- or Indlge-atioa, t
ftil Ion a. Remittent and Intermittent Feveras
Ulaonaea of the Blood, Liver. Kidneys, and
Bladder, these Bitter have been most Buereanfiii.
Much DUeaaca sre caused by Vitiated B1ofl,
which is generally produced by derangement at tus
Blgenttve Organ
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, TTm.
he, fain in me snouiiirn, i.oukhb, i ignineps oi im
lent. bizzlneHS. Hour Eructations oi the Htntnnch.
Biitft'teln the Mouth. JIlUnuH Attacks, Pnrlpltatlna
of the Heitrt, Inflammation of the LunK, Pain In the,
regions of tlie Klrlnrrs, and a hundred other painful
symptoms, are the oflEprlngs of Dyspepsia. i
Ther Invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the tor
pid liver and bowels, which render them ofnneqnallrrl
cuirary in ciranPiMH mr imixmi id hi tniiurn irrn, turn
importing new life and vigor to the wholes stem.
vnn HK TV I.IHF ASF. Eruntlons.Tettur. Bait
Rheum, Blntches bfiotH, fimrles, pustules. Bolls, Car
buncles, Ulng-M'orms, Prnld-Hi ad, re Kves, Rryaip
elavltch, Pcurft. Decolorations of the Fkln, Humors
nd DiseaKes of the bkln, or whatever name or nature.
are literally dug up and carried nut ef the syafitu In
hort time by the use of these Bttters. One bottle in
such caes will convince the most incredulous of their
curative etlect-
Cl panne the Vitiated Blood whenever von find It
impurities bursting through the skin In Pimples, Krup
tions or Horef, clvance it when you lliul it ormtructud
ann singgisn mine veins cieante h worn uia lom.ana
your feelings will tell you when. Keep the blood pur
and the health of the system will follow.
PIN, TAPE, and other WORM, lurking In th
-Bteni of no manv thounnndn. are e fleet n ally destroy
it and rim overt. Vor full direction. Teaif rarffiillT
the circular around each bottle, printed In four lan
guages English. German, French and Spanish.
"WALKER, Proprietor, tt. H. McDOKALD ft CO.,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, Pan Francisco, Cal., and
83 and 84 Commerce Street, New Tork.
UTSOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS AM) DEALE1U.
THE
Railroad Gazette.
A WIIELT JOCKKAJ. Of
Transportation, Enginwring and Railroad Newa.1
Tbe attention of Railroad Men Is called to fe jouraai
which la believed to be at Uu tlm
THE MOST C0MPREHEHS1VE RAILROAD J OUR A!
IN TUB WOULD
TreaUnf is It does of all brandies of the
Complicated business of Transportation, and especially
of the Operation of Railroads, Railroad Engineer
ing, the Construction of Locomotives and C?n.'
The conductors tills Journal giro
Special Prominence to Railroad Net
And there will he found In tte columns ncronnts of -Ah
Organization of all New Conu-auies, the Projection aud
Location of New Lint, the Progress of Railroad Cou
fltrueUon, the Improvement of Old Lines, tlie Business ol
Different Roads, the Combination! and Business Arrange
ments of Companies, Animal Reiorts Elections and hf
point incuts ot Directors aui Ottkra, Decisions of Courts
Uolatiug to Railroads, aud, lo r jort, whotuviir la
Interestlna; or Talreb e to a Ballroa Man,
Be he President, Dlreetor, Btockholder, Buperlnlendeut,
Engineer, Master Mechanic, Affent, Conductor, Loomuo
th e Enpineer, or In any way cunnectod with or iutef-ested
In railroads or railroad business.
Articles by Practical Railroad Men
Form a dlsttiwnWtlnflr lentiire of the JouniaL TjeadlnJ
Enjzlueerliut Works and valuable luiproveuiuuU in llroasi
Vlt'4nih'i"y am
Illustrated by Fine Engraving
tn Its eolnmns. Enflnmrs, Master Wachanics and Mana.
hrtnrers find Uiase Illustrated descrlpilons of ths fruatusl
value.
Proper attention is given to tha
Belatloa of Railroads to tie Commuultf ant
Railroad LgUlatloa,
And also to tha
Relations of Companies lo thetr lnpiopts, an their
Several Kijkn and DuUee.
This paper Is prrparad by a corps of Editors of sps! I
qualifications, and every pains Is taken to make tt Indispt-ns.
alle te every l&allroad Maiu It Lsaltogether tudepentlenu
avoids all undue putting of men or cornoranons, KtTt
news fully and Impartially, alms especially to giva practi
cal information which will directly aid Its readers In Uie
prosecution of their business. Kusiness men find lu ths
ItAlLROAD GAZaTTS the earliest lnfonnaUon of ttieopea
Inn of new stations on railroads In course or construction,
and are thus enabled tocstHhlish relations with uth tuWuS
lrom UiebtiKlunlngol Uiclr existence.
ENGINEJJR.ING,
The leadliut engineering Jonmal of Knslnnd, (Or which
Amerlran sulwerltjei-sluive uKimlly tld1.1 per year, all)
be sent, together wlln tbe Kailbtmd Oixana, for IU
per year.
Terras of Bulworiptiont
Blugle copy, per annum.
Ten coplus, per aunum.,,
blngle eoples
..(l.M
..IS, At
.10
Letters eoneeming subscription and athtrtUIng altould
be addrcaaud Ui
A. N. KEM.OtJG, 1
110 and 119 llaillson Street, Uiteaao.
fell's Descriptive Hani Atlas of the World.
N'lne perm now ready. Will be complete in 35 parts st
AO cents. Tlie inont correct and U-aiilltuilv enursved Alia.
Ui Utti country, biieciiueu number by nmll eto.
ZELL'S POPULAR ENCYCLOPEDIA
Complete tn W parts at 50 els. Fnectincu uuntben hy
tiuuL 10 cents. KUdoily hysulMertniitxi.
T. Kl.l.WiHiI) ZF U
17 aud 19 boulh 6th bl., riuiadelphla.
Watch Frres to arents. No htunhuz and no money
ret.uuxxl iiiailvanie. H. Uillilanu, 1'illsbiiih, Pa.
wfl THEA-NECTAR
U A I t KS
BLACK TEA
with the o-. tn 7i i .ui.f. Wsr
ruiiiii to hult .11 lu.U's. sa mis
so rititteie. Ai-d lot suit- whl
Sale only lv the ii re ill Allans
li-Hud I'llt-lllc- Tt-u t o.. N
bun II fit- New V.ik. 1. A-1
6,tl. b-ii-4 lur ilna-Neuuaf
Tt -u.r.
C?i)Hf Ffr lut-clo-salV 8e'nl'oii ''rlT.' Kou,i-nts
0 vl AdOiu. li. i'U.NO CO-, SU3 B'aa, X.