Miscellany.
SANTA CLAUS' VISIT.
BY C. MOORE.
'Twa the. night before Chrlstmsi, when ill through
the notice
Not erestnro ws stirring, not even s mrniw;
Tlie storking were hulls J "l0 chimney with
ero.
In honoR thnt St. Nlrholnn ipoon ironld he there;
The children were nemled nil "ling In their hel,
While vImIoiw of ngnr-phliiM tlnuced through their
hcaila;
And rrwmm In her ken lilef, sntt t In mr enn,
Jlurl jiiKt settled our bralin fur long winter's
nip,
When nut on the lawn there nrose (men elmter,
1 r-pramr from my bed to see. whnt WM tho m ni
ter: Awnjr to the window I flew like II flitxh.
Tore open the abutters and threw up tho Mali.
The moon, on the breast of the ncw-fnilen snow,
Clave the hiotre of mlrl-tliiy to ohjeetn below;
When, what to my wnndcrlnp eye honll appear
Hut miniature U'IrIi and el;ht tiny reindeer,
With a little old driver, n lixly and quirk,
I knew lu a moment It must be St. Nick.
More rapid than eaRlea bin courser they came.
And he whistled and ehouted, and culled thvin by
name:
'Now. lahorl now, Danccrl now, Pranccr! now,
Vixen I
On, Cornell on, Cupid t on, Pander and Widen
To the ton of the porch 1 to the top of the w all I
Mow, dnh away, daxbawny, dnnh away all!"
A dry leaven that hefi.re tho wild htirrlennc fly.
When they mtiet with an oltaclu mount to tho
eky,
Po, up to tho hmio-top the courier they flew,
With the eloign full of toy and bt. Nicholas,
too;
And then In a twinkling I heard on the roof.
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof,
Ai I drew In my head, and wn turning aronwl,
Down the chimney bi. Mcholtta came wHh a
bound;
lie in droved all In fur from hi head to hi foot.
And bi clothe wore all tarnltdicd with ashes and
soot;
A bundle of toys bo had flung on his back,
And he looked Itko peddler just opening hla
pack.
Ilia eye, how they twinkled! hla dimple, how
merry
Ills cheeks were like roses, hla nose like a cherry;
Ills droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow,
And the hoard ou Ilia chin was as white on the
aiiow
The stump of a pipe he held tight In his teeth,
And the smoke It encircled hla head liko a wreath.
lie had a broad face and a little round belly,
T hat shook when he luuj'hcd, like a bowl full of
jelly.
Ho was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf.
And I laughed when I saw him in sjiite of myself,
A wink of his eye, and a twist of bis head,
Hoon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
He spoke not a word, hut went straight to his work,
Aud filled all the stockings; then turned with a
Jerk,
And laving his finger aside of his nose,
And giving a nod, up the chimney be rose;
He sprang to Ills sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew liko the down of a thistle;
But I heard him excluim, ere ho rtrovo out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all, and to allaUood
Niontl"
CHRISTMAS CAROLS.
BY MARY E. C. WYETH.
It was Christmas Evo all over the
world. In a thousand homes loving
hearts, happy or sad, were filled with
thoughts of kindness, and sympathy, and
love. Busy hands were weaving offer
ings for the morrow, and busy feet were
hastening homeward to cheerful, waiting
firesides. In a pleasant homestead a
young; girl of sixteen was busily cugitgcd
in adding the finishing touches to some
dainty bit of workmanship. She formed
a pretty picture herself, as she sat curled
up in the deep window sill, where the
fire-light, brightening, in the twilight,
flashed its warm color over her shining
hair and delicate cheek. Her soft, dark
eyes shone with the subdued but earnest
light, and the lithe figure managed the
dainty material of her work with a grace
ful deft manipulation attractive to the be
holder. The beholder was a gray -haired
man, who occupied the great arm-chair in
the window corner of the fireplace, and
who leaned upon his cane and watched
the pretty maiden, fair young Rosamond,
at her work, and smiled to think how liko
she was another llosainond lie had known,
and loved, and buried, in the years so
1 ng gone by.
Keep good watch, Grandpa," said the
fresh young -roice. Don't let unybody
send along your side unbeknownst,' as
Biddy says. I'm so afraid papa will steal
a march on me. I wouldn't have him see
this for a good deal. Isn't it a beauty
Won't ho be pleased with it Con-.e now.
Orandie, dear, don't look so solemn and
owlish, it s Christmas Eve. hat are
you thinking of so deeply
The old man looked up and smiled.
I was thinking, Itosio, of how good
and how plcasaut it is to have Christmas
come, and to have one day in all the year
on which there is much good will. I was
thinking how till these love gilts that we
make to each other, and aUitlie kind feel
ings we have toward one another, go to
form a precious love-gift to tho Lord of
Christmas. Indeed, the peace on earth
and good will to man' that prevails ou
Christmas Day U tho Glory to God in
tho Highest.' 'f
That's beautiful, Grandie, dear," cx
claimed, the younj girl. It's a genuine
Christinas Carol. I ulways did say that
my Grandpa's fireside lectures were ser
mon and hymn all in one. Oh, dearie
me, here comes papa up the steps, with
his ar;ns full of bundles. Let me run."
And gathering up her work Rosamond
went from the room.
At the same hour that Rosamond's papa
ascended the steps of his beautiful home,
another father entered the door of an
humble cottage not far distant. He bore
no Christmas bundles in his arms. His
eyes were sad and his manner dejected.
Before tho cheerful fire, whose ruddy
blaze lit up the small, low room, a young
girl was kneeling while she toasted slices
of bread for the evening meal.
It's Christmas Eve, I'apa," she said,
with a lively nod of welcome. Stoop
down and give mo a good, sweet, cW
kiss this lire is toasting my checks as
well as the slices. Mamma is putting Bud
to bed. He went sound asleep on the rug
and woubint wake up. Teats all ready.
I wish Harry was here."
May be, it was the cheerful fire-warmth,
or maybe tho bright young face and
chcory tones of tho little daughter that
wrought tho charm I only know tlfttt the
sad eyes brightened to a fond smile as the
father looked lovingly into the upturned
face of his child. The room was cosy
aud comfortable, although the furniture
was plain and the adornments of the
simplest kind. Tho table was spread for
tea, aud the cloth, and cups and saucers,
and plates, were speekless and shining,
and laid with scrupulous nicety. Tho
teapot simmered on the hearth, and with
in a smooth oval of hot ashes lay the
mealy brown jackets that were to form
the evening meal. Tho mother entered
the room and greeted her husband with
smile. At tho same moment a boyish
volco was heard at tho door, and a pair
stamping feet on the doorstep kept tints
to a sort of rudo melody that the boy's
voice sang to tne words
"Now It Is winter, and I am discontent.
My Coal la somewhat like an ujrly rent,
And all the snow from off the top of the houso
Came dow n intomy bosom wnush-ker-nouse."
Harry Minturn, you noisy youngster,"
exclaimed the girl, gayly, as she sprung
to open tho door, why, where have you
been T You're covered with snow
"I should say so," said the boy, shaking
Himself.
"Dame Hiueklv s old slant roof ava-
lanched Just as I popped under the caves
hence my rastrhume. don't care.
Christmas Eve, and I've earned fifty cents
carrying bundles, and have got two jobs
for to-morrow. We'll have a Christinas
supper, if we don't have plum-pudding
and turkey dinner."
"Bb sh," interrupted his sister. "Get
off your coat and como to tea. We've ele
gant roast potatoes and toast."
Somehow tho brave, cheery boy,
the equally bright and brave sister, made
the homely rootn seem almost radiant,
and tho sad-eyed father and patient moth
or sat down to tho frugal meal with
Christmas carol of thankfulness in their
hearts for tho peaco that was theirs in
gift of their noble hearted children. True,
they woro poor und in euro trouble,
tho trouble came not nigh them in
same manner that It had como to some
their neighbors. They had not ungrate
ful, rebellious children to wring their
hearts with anguish. And they chose
pruisu God for the blessings He had given
them, rather than to replno for whut
had denied them,
"We must lose the cottage, Mildred,"
Mr. Minturn said to his wife when alone
with Uvr, ''but we must not low our trust
VOL. XIX.-NO. 35.
PERHYSBUltG, WOOD CO., OHIO. RitlDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871.
$1.50 IN ADVANCE.
In Ood. Let tis Ring a hymn of praise
Our homo will be sold next week, but wo
can celebrate our last Christmas in the
dear old placo wiih a pleasant sound of
enrols, can't we?"
When Rosamond went from her grand
father she sought her ow n room to put
by her little treasure.
A love-gift to the Lord of Christmas,"
she repeated to herself. That is beauti
ful but I have no such gift. Is'ono of
nunc arc meant for Him. I never think
such good mi holy thoughts of myself."
Sho glanced over the array of presents
she had with such interest prepared.
"Something for every one who will be
likely to give me something," sho said
aloud. "And I'd never a thought of any
one else. ChrixCa birthday, and no gift fur
Chrint.
At the table Rosamond's father said:
"I heard to-day that tho Minturn cot
tage is to be sold next week under
a mortgage. Minturn's been nnfor
tunate lately out of employment
so long. It will go hard with him to lose
his homo. It won't bring over eight hun
dred dollars at miction, nnd the mortgage
calls for three hundred more. The inter
est and costs will consumo another hun
dred. Ho won't have much left."
What a pity," said Mrs. Gale; such
a good man, and such a nice family.
Can't something be done'"
I don't see what," said Mr. Gale. "He
asked me to lend him four hundred dol
lars and take a mortgage, but I couldn't
just now. It's too near tho close of the
year. J need tne money in my ousiiiess.
It's too bad," said Mrs. Gale. Poor
Minturns. How sad they must bo to
night. It quite spoils my Christmas."
After tea Grandpa called Rosamond in
to the library.
Come, Rosie," ho said, "what am I
to do? It's too hard for our neighbor
Minturn to lose his home this way. I
eould help him by making a little sacri
fice." Oh do help him then," said Rosa
mond. But if I do, somebody must needs do
without the Christmas present I intended
to bestow."
Well, Grandpa, who would be so sel
fish as to care?"
I am afraid my little Rosie will,"
said Grandpa. "Myotic gift is intended
for her, and it is to cost just four hun
dred dollars. I have selected it, and in
tend buying it to-night and having it scut
up in the morning unless, indeed"
Oh, Grandpa! a present for me to cost
four hundred dollars! Is it m it a new
piano? Oil, you dear, beautiful grandpa.
Just what I had so longed for. My old,
worn-out hurdy-gurdy is a real trial to
me."
She had cmitc forsotten everything and
everybody save tho much wished for
piano and the generous and doting grand
father. Suddenly she recollected.
"Oh, Grandpa," she said, 1 understand
von now. Either I must cive up the pi
ano or the Minturns must give up their
home."
She threw he arms around her grand
father's neck, and hid her face, and the
tears that would come, upon his shoulder.
It was a sham struirslc between self-love
and Christ-love. The dear grandpa's
words came to her mind "a love-gift to
the Lord of Christmas" and she whis-
nered. as she kissed the old man's silvery
locks, Dear Grandpa, we will not buy
the piano. We will make a love-gift to
the Lord instead."
Rose of the world," murmured her
crramlfnther. fondly, "you make my heart
sing for joy. No music that you could
ever have drawn irom me piano i nau
hoped to give you could have yielded me
such delight as does your sweet voire
now, when it speaks in accents of unself
ish love, it chimes in my heart a true
Christmas Carol."
Then each has sung a carol to the
other," said the young girl, her face beam
ing with smiles, "only nunc would never
have been sung at all had not yours been
sung first. Arc'nt wo happy, Grandie?
feel almost as if it were my heme that
was saved.
We mustn't bo selfish on Christinas
Eve. Get mo my coat. I'll go down and
speak a good word to Minturn," said
the good old man. Tears were in hi
eyes now. When Grandpa returned
Rosamond was sitting at tho old piano,
and the family were singing a Christmas
Carol
"Chime, hells, chime,
filory lie to Ood above
t hrift hus come to live and love,
Chime, bills, chime."
'The old hurdy-gurdy sounds splen
didly to-night, Grandie, dear," cried the
young girl.
nose 01 tne worm, saui uriiniipn,
softly, it is because of the love gift."
And the Christinas Carols chimed lov
ingly all the dreamful night, not only in
the hearts of the dwellers in the abode of
plenty, but in the irralctul hearts of those
who sang carols whilo yet in darkness,
and to whom the Lord of Christmas, had
seut his servant with a promise ol help
for their time of trouble. tilmy he
Qtxl in the highett. and on earth ptnee, una
good-will toiettrd men." Little Curjural.
Tea Leaves for Burns and Scalds.
a
of
It's
and
a
the
but
tho
of
to
Ho
Dr. Searles, of Warsaw, Wis., says, in
tho Chicago Medical Kntminer
Some few years since I accidentally
found that a poultice of tea leaves, ap
plied to small burns and scald", afforded
immediate relief, and I determined to give
it a more extensive trial when opportu
nity should present, and which soon oc
curred. It was in a case of a child four
teen months old. Upon examination
found the anterior portion of the body,
arms and legs blistered and deeply burned
from a kettle of hot water which the child
had upset upon itself. The case, to say
the least, was unfavorable for the success
of any remedy. I prepared a large poul
tice, softening the leaves with hot water,
and, while yet quite warm, applied it upon
cotton wool, over the entire burned sur
face. Almost liko magic the sutlering
abated, and without tho use of any other
anodyne, the child soon fell into a quiet
sleep. In a few hours I removed the ap
plication, and re-applied where it was
necessary. I found the parts discolored
and apparently tanned. Tho acute sensi
bility and tenderness had nearly disap
peared, and the little patient passed
through the second and third stages under
far more favorable circumstances (symp
toms) than was at first anticipated, mak
ing a recovery in about two weeks.
Since then, on several occasions 1 nave nact
reason to commend tea leaves, till nosv
have come to prefer it above all other rem
edies in tho first stage ot burns and scalds,
I think it must recommend itself to the pro
fession, notouly on account of its intrinsic
worth, but also by its great convenience,
beiuir so readily obtained. I um not aware
that any mention has been made thus
of this article in this connection, and
hope that others will find it as useful
their praetico as tne writer lias.
A correspondent in tho Germautown
Telegraph says that the best food to make
hens lay is a mixture of bran and mid
dliiiL'S. His mode of preparing tho food
is to mix about five parts of bran willi
ono of luiddlings. "In tho morning,"
says, "I wet up willi water about four
quarts of the mixture in a largo tin pan,
taking pains to have it rather dry, though
all damp. This I set in a warm, sunny
spot, south of their shed, and they walk
up, take a few dips, don't seem to fancy
it like, but they soou return to it,
continue to feed from it at intervals dur
ing tho day."
Wuat is the difference between, timber
aud lumber f A good ileal.
General News Summary.
CONGRESSIONAL.
to
I
I
far
I
in
ho
and
In the Senate, on tho 11th, Mr. Sumner,
at his own request, wos relieved from tho Chair
manship of the Committee on Privileges and Klee-
Hons Petitions were presented and referred,
asking for a repeal of thednty on salt lllllsand
resolutions were imrouuecu roriiee'mnn me m.
Clair Flats Canal to sixteen feet referred for tho
sale f the Kansas Indian lands, etc. referred
providing for the- adjournment of Congress on the
third Monday In May, 1STO laid over to restore tho
records of the fulled Htntes Courts In the Northern
District of Illinois, and also for the relief of tho
t'nlted States Wnrshal of that district referred
legalizing tbe Issue of noods, blankets, etc., by the
Secretary of War to tho Chicago anlfercra A de
bate was had on a motion for tho consideration of
a resolution directing tbe Military Committee to In
quire Into the defslratinn ot Paymaster limine,
pcmlliiir wnun tne nenato adjourned.
In tho House, on the 11th, bills and
Joint resolutions wero Introduced to carry onl the
Treaty of Washington for a general amnesty,
without exception; proposing an amendment to the
Constitution so as to mnke naturalized citizens eli
gible for tho oftice of President or Vice-Provident;
appropriating 100,000 for t'nlted States buildings
at Covington, Ky. to restore tho records of the
t'nlted Hiates Court in Chicago; to divide Illinois
Into three Jucllctttl IMslrlcls; lo nllcvo sunerers hy
the Are In Chicago; proposing an ameiitlmiiit to
the Constitution, by which Congress should have
no power to raise taxes by Imports or excise, but
onlv by direct tax on property, to be assumed,
collected and paid hv States at their option; for a
ship canal between the Mississippi Itlvernnd Lake
Michignn; for a suspension of duties on merchan
dise enlorcd at Chicago; for fulled Slates public
buildings at Kansas Cltv: nronoslng an amendment
to the Constitution prohibiting the Interniarrlnge of
w hite and colored persons, and authorizing States
to provide for the education of white and colored
children in aenarate schools; to equalize bounties
to soldiers and sailors in the late war; to extend
the time for completing the Military Itoad in Mich
igan; for Vnited States public buildings In Denver
City; to facilitate intercommunication and promote
a clieup and uniform system of railroad transporta
tion in all part, of the t'nlted States and Terri
tories Tne concurrent resolution for adjourn
ment from December 31 to January 8 w-as adopted
A bill Was reported and passed, appropriating
$180,000 to supply deficiencies ill taking the ninth
census The Apportionment bill was considered
In Committee of tho Whole Adjourned.
In the Senate, on the 12th, the nouse
resolution to adjourn over from December SI to
January S, waa concurred In At his own request
Sonator Morton waa relieved from his position on
the Committee of Agriculture A bill was Intro
duced appropriating 4.IKIO.onO for the purpose of
paving balances that may ho found due under the
act to Indemnify Slates for war expenditures
Tho resolution for final adjournment on the third
Monday In May was called up, and a motion was
made that there bo no adjournment until after the
passage of a bill securing "equal rights, without
distinction of race or color." Executive session
and adjournment.
In the House, on the 12th, various hills
were Introduced and referred, aiming them ono for
holding a United States District Court nt Toledo,
O.; granting 500.000 acroa of public land for levee
ing the Mississippi Itiver in Kentucky and Tennes
see; foral'nited States public building at Mem
phis, Tenn.; for the better detection and preven
tion of fraud in the naval service Resolutions of
tho Tennessee Legislature for a systematic plan of
meteorological observations and crop reports, were
presented nnd referred Itesolutlons were adopt
ed directing an Investigation Into the manage
ment of various Executive Departments; in
structing the Secretary of the Treasury
to ascertain and report whether any of the National
Banks in New York wero Interested or concerned
in promoting an artificial scarcity of money. Hills
w ere passed consolidating tbe Postal laws; for re
lief of purchasers of land sold for taxes In Insur
rectionary Stales A bill was reported from the
Judiciary Comm ttee. and postponed to tho second
U'lxliicailav of January, fixing the first Monday of
November, 1S7K, as the time for the Presidential
election The Apportionment bill was further
discussed In Committee of the Whole Ad
journed. In the Senate, on the 13th, a bill was in
troduced providing for tho condemnation or pur
chaw, under tho atatuto of Illinois, of tho remain
der of the Custom House Block In Chicago, or a
block w ithin two rnuare. thereof, on which to erect
a new government building, at a total cost of t.V
UMMIOO, t.ouo.flun of which the Mil proposes to ii
propriulo immediately. ..The House hill appro
printing moneys for taking the last census was
passed. ..A resolution was offered, providing for
a standing Committee of Investigation aud He
treiichnient, to conslt of seven members, to be
elected by the Senate, and to have power to Invesii
este und Velsirt lllioll such sllhiecls as muv be com
mitted to it by the Senate; and an amendment was
nrooosed to the resolution directing the committee
lo inquire into the expenditures in all brunches of
the government service: wneiiicr any. mm iii-o
what, ofiices oiiLdit to he abolished, and what sula
ries or allowuuces ouirht to he reduced, etc.; also
giving it power to sit during the recess of Congress.
Considerable debute ciincd, but a vote was not
reached... Adjourned.
In the House, on the lHth, bills wero
Introduced granting various land privileges to
t'tah Hills were reported and referred appro
priating ,0on,000 for the erection of public build
lugs in Chicago; appropriating 2rsi,nn0 for like
nurnos' In HI. Louis According to a new rule
which had been agreed to, the Speaker appointed
Mr. Chatl'ee, of Colorado, as a member of the Com
mittee on Territories, and Mr. Chapman as a mem
ber of the Committee for the District of Columbia,
ch Delegates not to have the right of voting in
the committees The Apportionment lull was
further discussed In Committee of the Whole A
hill was reported from the Committee on hduca
tion and Labor, for tho appointment by tile Presi
dent, with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a commission of three person, to hold office for
two years, unless their duties shall have been
sooner accomplished, who oro to investinte the
suhlecf of wages and hours of labor, and tbe divis
ion of tho Joint profits of labor and capital between
the laborer anu capitalist, and the social, educa
tional and sanitary condition of thclahoringelaaac.
of the t'nlted Htntes, and show how tho same are
affected hv the existing Inws regulating commerce.
finance and the currency: such Commissioners to
receive a salary of $5.(100 each, and may employ
clerk, and shall report tho result of their Investi
gation to the President, to he by him transmitted
to Congress, Amotion to lay on tbe table was de
hated at length, w hen, the morning hour having ex
pired, the hill went over. .Adjourned.
In the Senate, on the 14th, petitions
wero presented of tho Venezuelan Steamship
Company, asking redress for tbe seizure of their
steamers by Venezuela; of New lork soldiers
the late war. recount ng the services or women
Hie war. and asking Congress to make some pro
vision for acknowledgment of their heroic and
charitable work A memorial against woman
siitinigo was presented Hills were introduced
and rcfWrcd to nromote tho securing of cut
cicnt acanicn for the navy: for the relief
certain settlers on the public lands in Iowa
...The House hill to equalize tne pay lor
worklugmen under tho eight-hour Inw was
taken up and n f Tied, with an onicndipcnt to re
peal the law, to the Committee fin Finance The
resolution to create a Committee on Kctrcncliment
was taken up, und the amendment authorizing it
sit (luring mo recess, ana senu tor per-ous sun
papers, was debated at considerable length, and re
jectedyeas nays and the original motion
was adopted. A motion wus then made to instruct
tlie committee provided for in the resolution adopt
ed. to inquire into all subjects enumerated in the
rejecled amendment but after further debate,
without reaching a vote.on thu motion, the Senate
went Into executive uessiou, and soon utter uu
joiirned to the lHlli.
In the House, on the 14th, a resolution
was adopted calling on the Secretary of tho Tretis
ury for information as to tho number of persons
employed, and the total compensation paid there
for, in the collection of Customs for the fiscal year
ending June), 1H71, In the l ulled States ...Tho
Apportionment Dill wus lurtner considered in i nin
mlttee of the Whole, and I he number of Hcprescnt
atives of which the House should be composed was
lived at 2Hi. und an amendment was adopted nrovld
lug that no new Slate shall bo admitted having less
population man the numiier llxed as a runo
representation, anu inn nui, as auiciiucti, was
ported to the House anil passed, w it limit division
The. hill distributes thu membership as follows
Maine ft Illinois
New Haiupslilrn il Arkansas
Vermont Florida
Massachusetts II Iowa
California
4 Oregon
Hi West Virgil la
7 Nebraska
W Kentucky
1 Indiana
H Missouri
ft Michigan
8 Texas
IS Wisconsin
fl Minnesota....-
7 Kansas
Nevada
Ithode lslund
Connecticut
New York
New Jersey
Pennsylvania
Delaware
Mary laud
Virginia
North Carolina...
South Carolina.
Georgia
Alabama
Mississippi
Louisiana 5
Ohio SO Tola!
Tennessee U,
In tho IIouso, on tho 15th, a
was roported from the Committee on Appropilitlom
debated at length and passed, authorizing thu
of tho Treasury to purchase at private
or by condemnation, the remainder of the square
of ground on which I he 1'osl Ohh-e building
Chicago recently stood, not now owned by
Government; if the rante cannot be procured at
reasonable price, then purchase some oilier aiiiare,
not moro than two squares distant from I hut hs-al-lly,
aud proceed to have erected thereon u
biilldinif, for the accomiuodaliou
the Custom House. Sub-Treasury. Post-tlfilce.
t'nlted Stales Courts, ami the Pension and Internal
Itevenue olliees; the bill appropriates two millions
of dollars, and provides that the total cost of
site of the hulldinir shall not exceed four mill
of dollars Abillnas also passed appropriating
f-W.ikut 10 meet the deficiency hy Ihadefalraiionsof
K O. MeCurlney, lute Disbursing Clerk of the Post
O.Heu Department A bill was pussed lu Commit
lee of the Whole making au approprlaliou lo
xpensc. to carry out inv rvaiy 01 n ueuiugiuu
Adjourned. iu tliu imu,
THE OLD WORLD.
In Ids mesaairo to the French Assembly,
which was rend on tho 7th, President Thiers
doptorcs tho Indebtedness of the country,
hut says it la duo to tho machinations of the
Emperor Napoleon. Ho ndvoe ates the
establishment nf o g;oucriil 'compulsory mili
tary service In war time, and propotes tho
limitation of the minimi contingent to HO.tMK)
men In time, of pence Ho snys Frnnc sym
pnt hires w ith the Pope In tho mahitenimec of
his spiritual Independence, and will, U cnae
of need, give the Holy Father s vigorous
support. i
A Paris dispatch of tho 10th snys there was
a complete dlsnfrreemcrit between President
Thiers nnd the. Orleans Prlneea, rtspcetlng
Uic right of tho hitter to their sents lu tho
National Assembly.
A special dl.pnteh from London on the
11th snys Tho tiucstlon of the alleged
violation of neutrality by the United Stntes
with regnrd to Cuba was discussed In a conn
ell of Ministers, nt Madrid, on tho 0th. As
the result of the council, dispatches were sent
to the Spanish Minister ut Washington w hich
are said to contain Important Instructions
respecting the attitude of the United States
townrd Spain in Ctihnn affairs. The course
of the American Government Is likely to affect
tho Alabama claims In the Geneva Con
ference, by furnishing a precedent in favor
of tho British Government In tho eases of
tho Hornet, tho Florida, nnd other priva
teers." Another dispntch says a tremendous
excitement prevailed In Madrid on tho ro
celpt of Generul Grant's message relating to
the Cuban ditlleulty. Tho Spanish Govern
ment had resolved to maintain a firm attitude,
and reinforcements of 4,000 men, two ad
ditional Generals, nnd four iron-clads would
he Immediately dispatched to Culm.
The Frsnch National Assembly, on the
13th, adopted, by a vote of 380 to 277, the
recommendation from the committee having
charge of the subject, for the alienation to
the State of the crown Jewel.
The British Foreign Olfieo has sent In
structions to all Its agents abroad to Inves
tigate tho organization of the various
brunches of the International Society In the
countries to which they are respectively ac
credited, nnd report thereon to the govern
ment. A London telegram of the 13th says the
party of observers of the total eclipse of the
sun lu the Southern Hemisphere report that
the photographs of tho corona obtained are
perfect, and the result must he conclusive of
several points regarded by modern astroao
mers as needing more therotigh demonstra
tion. The Prince of Wnles was decidedly better
on the 15th, nnd strong hopes' were enter
tained of his ultimate recovery.
THE NEW WORLD.
a
to
or
re
lffl
4
I
9
4
1
8
1
10
I'-t
18
6
8
8
8
1
SKIJ
bill
in
the
a
fire
proof of
the
pay
Gold closed in New York on tho 15th at
10il.
Reports received at Havana up to the 13th
from the s.igar district relative to thu new
crop were very favorable. The enne was
yielding well.
A Washington dispatch of tho 10th snys:
There is at present no information in the
possession of the government relative to
Cuba, which requires specific legislation.
Should anything occur calling for tho con
sideration of Congress, It will he communi
cated in official message. Negotiations for
a commercial treaty between the United
States and Spoln will soon lie concluded."
A banquet was given to the Grand Duke
Alexis at the Revere House in Boston, on the
night of the IHh, nnd wns a line affair, being
attended hv many distinguished people.
The number of deaths by small pox In Phil
adelphia dining the week ending the 0th wus
l'.H, n decrease of 34 from the previous week.
The police authorities In New York forbade
the proposed procession In that city on the
loth, of Internationalists, and the procession
did not come on. Siv, out of a party of about
one hundred who attempted to parade, were
i i- t r.
liricBlcu 111 lioill VI llie tiuper iiintiitiic.
The Bible w ar nt H'jutcr's Point has ended
In n compromise between th" Catholic com
mittee nnd the Commissioners. All expelled
will be taken back Catholics will not op
pose the reading of the Scriptures, mid Cath
olic children will he allowed to remain In the
class-rooms during tho religious exercises.
The call for a National Convention to se
cure tho recognition of God in the Constitu
tion by an amendment to that Instrument
has been Issued from Cincinnati. It is signed
hy the Governors of Pennsylvania, Vermont
and Kansas, Judge Win. Murray, of New
York, lllsliop Mcllvnlne, nnd numerous clergy
of Cincinnati. It is to be held iu Cincinnati
on January 31, 1873.
Johnson, the defaulting Treasury clerk,
was arrested hi Washington on the 0th, und,
committed to Jnil hi default of 50,000 bail.
Gaston, Democrut, was re-elected Mayor
of Boston on the Uth, hy about 3,500 major
ity. George F. Verry, Citizens candidate,
was elected Mayor of Worcester hy a vote of
3,541 to 1,433 for his opponent.
The reports made ut a recent meeting
the managers of the National asylums for
disabled soldiers show that over 4,000 vet
erans arc now cared for, and that new men
are coming In at the rate of 100 per week,
and will soon tax the asylums to their ut
most capacity.
The entire expense of Inking the United
States census is stated at f3,3HT,t(X.
The annual report of the Statistical Bureau
shows that the value of Imports for direct
consumption for the year ending June 30,
wns f Jiti,ii.ii,tri'. withdrawn from ware
house, lK8,f'.:K 1,031; free of duty, .V.I,lu3,4W;
additional mid discretionary duties, (4111,004;
total, 7.W.51H; duty thereon, f;i0,344,i7,
The Oeean National Bank, New York city,
has fulled. Thu condition of the hunk
the Olh, us officially given hy tho Clearing
House, exhibited a dcllclciicy of (334,735,
over 58 per cent.
An official report of tho Commission ap
pointed to Investigate into thu origin of
Chicago fire hus been published. They llnd
that the tiro originated in a two story framo
burn lu thu rear of 137 DcKovcn street,
premises being owned hy Patrick I.cnry.
They wero utiablo to determine whether
lire was eattsed hy a spurk blown from
chimney ou that windy night, or was set
the hy human agency. Mr. I.eary and all
his family prove to have been in bed
asleep nt the time. The Commission statu
tho area burned over at 3,050 acres.
total loss of property burned Is estimated
about (300,000,000. The number of build
ings burned Is hetwecu 17,000 and 18,000,
Tho number of lives lost at tho fire Is sup
posed to have been about 300, although only
117 bodies bad been found.
Governor Palmer sent a speeiul message
the Illinois Legislature on the 9th, giviug
official correnpondcnee between Gens. Sher
man, Sherldun, Gov. Palmer and Prcsldcn
Grunt, concerning the military occupation
Chicago. Tho Governor protests against
the alleged Interference by the officers of
United Stutei army lu the ull'.iii of tho State,
of Illinois.
Tho Grand Duko Alexia Is announced
be In Detroit on the 30th, mid in Chicago
thu 30th Inst.
The General Assembly of North Carolina
after an excited debute, hus authorized
Attorney of tho Stuto to apply to tho
prenie Court of tho United States for a
of hnbeu eornu to test tho legality of
military arrests.
Au Athintu, Gu., dispatch of tho 13th slates
that a conflict had uriscu between tho Lcgls
laturo und Governor Conley, the lutlor (luellii
Ing to rccognlzo thu right of the former
VsWutl IU seonlou beyuud, tips logitl
days. On tho 11th tho Governor Instructed
tho Btnto Tronsnror not to pay tho members.
It was rumored nt midnight that lho Presi
dent would support tho Governor against
tho Legislature.
A Washington special to tho New York
Timet of tho 13th says that Vice-President
Colfax has Informed many prominent Re
publicans, who liavo questioned hhn on the
subject, that ho cannot withdraw his refusal
to be considered a candidate for renomlnn
tlon. It wns reported In Washington on tho 13th
thnt General Schcnck, our Minister to Eng
lnnd, having accomplished his pttrposo w ith
reference to tho Treaty of Washington, and
regarding his personal interest hore as Imper
ative, hud requested tho President to name
his successor, nnd call him home.
Tho New Hampshire Democratic State
Convention met at Concord on tho 13th, and
renominated James A. Weston as candidate
for Governor. Henry Calory was nominated
for Railroad Commissioner.
The suspension of tho F.lghth National
Bank of New York city wns announced on
the 13th.
Columbia, 8. C, dispntch of tho 13th
snys: "In the Kit Mux court, lo-uay, a wit
ness confessed that ho wns a member of the
Klnn, which, he said, was formed lu 1808, for
self-defense, nnd to prevent Incendiarism.
The town of Yorkvlllo was threatened to he
destroyed hy negroes, and many ghi-houscs
had alrendy been burned. The defense pro
duced witnesses to show the urgent need of
an organization for defensive purposes."
Advices from Mexico, received on the 14th,
were to the effect that In Sonora the Federal
troops had quelled the revolt against tho
Juarez Government, routing the revolution
ists at Puerto Clto, capturing all the officers,
and one hundred men, arms, equipage nnd
supplies. The revolutionists still held Ma
zutlan, and were fortifying to resist attack.
Tho advices from the Paeille coast of Mexico
were, on the whole, favorable to the Juarez
Government.
The President, on the 14th, sent' to the
Senate the name of George H. Williams, of
Oregon, to ho Attorney-General, in place of
Akcrmaa, whose resignation had been ac
cepted to take effect January 10.
Tho War Department, in general orders,
announce, to the army the death of Brlgn-
dlcr General Robert Anderson, of Fort Sum
ter memory. On the arrival of his remains
on the ship of war, Guerrlere, orders will be
Issued to do them honor.
A. P. Colnr, Republican, has been re-elected
Mayor of Alleghany City, Pa., by about
4,000 majority.
The Mil to repeal the law of Wyoming
giving women the right of suffrage hav
ing passed In tho House, the Governor's
veto to the contrary notwithstanding, was
lost In the Council for want of a two-thirds
vote.
A new counterfeit fifty dollar greenbnek
of the new Issue was recently passed at Lit
tle Rock, Ark., by a man from tho Indian
country, aud detected at one of tho banks.
The bill Is one-eighth of nn Inch shorter
than the genuine, nnd of an inferior paper.
It is well executed, nnd calculated to de
ceive In commercial circles. Both vignettes
are good, hut the eyes of the female figure
In the counterfeit look obliquely to the left,
Instead of to tho front.
The Comptroller of the Currency says he Is
satisllcd that none of the National Bunks in
New York wero Implicated, or suspected of
being Implicated, in any effort to produce
any nrtilicUl stringency In the money
market. It Is stated that the Grand Duke Alexis has
contributed $5,1100 to the poor of New York,
(3,000 to the poor of Boston, nnd that he
contemplated adding (5,000 to the Chicago
relief fund.
The execution of John are, for the mur
der of his father, took place nt Camden, N.
J., on the 15th. Ho maintained n stolid de
meanor nnd exhibited no agitation. Ho wrote
a long confession, w hich he gave to his coun
sel, and In which he snys he killed his father
because he Ill-treated his (Johnss) mother.
He accuses several witnesses who testllled on
the trial, of perjury.
Both branches of the Alabama Legislature
have resolved to extend the session beyond
thirty days. A hill hus passed both houses
authorizing the Governor to Issue (1,000,000
f Alabama 8 per cent, bonds, to be used ns
necessity may require.
Congressional Committees.
SENATE.
ou
or
the
tho
a
on
of
at
to
the
of
Cameron
L.l.....n.l
Pool
PiMleatt and Eltctlon. Sumner. Chairman
Morton. Kite, Carpenter, Logan, Hill and Thur-
nian.
Fvreinii RrlatUin. Cameron, Chairman Har
lan. Morton, Patterson, Scuurz, Ilaiuliu and Cas-
scrlv.
hlnmw. Sherman. Chairman Morrill of cr-
mont, Fenton, Scott. Ames, Wright and Bayard.
A mmmriat ion. Co e. I natmuin sprague. saw
yer, kdinuiids. Windom. West and IStevenson.
t'mnintrre. chandler. Chairman Corbott, Kel-
loee. Snejicer. Buekinelutin. i onkling and Ickers.
Mtmi'twrtirt. itaniun, i uuinuuu uoncnsoii.
Soraeiie. Oilhert and .lonnson.
AiricuUun. Morton. Chairman; Frclinhnysen,
Kohertson, lie wis and Davis or west Virginia.
Military Atratr. vt nson. i nainnan
Morton. Ames. Logan. West and Blair.
AVmif Affair. Cragin, Chairman; Anthony,
Nye, Oshorne, Kerry of Mich., anu Alcorn or siiks.
nan tary. i niuiimii, i iiuouiaii
Conkling, t'ariouter, Frclinglmysen,
Thurmail.
Jtut-tmee and rot jTortrfs. Kamsey, Chairman
romeroy, uuneri, coie, iiunuiii, reiryoi juich
Kellov.
Fume Land l'omorov. Chairman; union,
born. snraeuo. vt ln om. l.ngan. i asseriy.
J'rirate Land Claim Davis, of Ky., Chnlrman;
Ferry, of Conn.. Caldwell, llavard. It ulr.
Indian Alt air lliirlau. iiiairman; nrnetr.
Buckingham, FrelingUuysen, Vi llson, Caldwell,
uavis or kv.
Vjuows Fxlmunds, Chuirman; Tipton, Trait,
Bronnlow. Hamilton of Texas. Logan. Sanlshnry,
frtvHi'fianaru I latin I'oole, I'liturmuu; urown-
low. Cornell. Hill. Davis of W. Va.
(lauiut liowo. Chairman; Scott, Pratt, Stewart,
Boremaii. Davis of V a.
liutiicloi I 'iJuinda Patterson, Chairman; Sum
ner. Lewis. Spencer, sawver, Hitchcock, ickers,
Jvtrnf- Kerry of 1 onn., Chairman; carpenter.
Morrill of Me.; windom. Hamilton or .Md.
i'liNtc Itmldina and Urtiiind Morrill of
Chairman: Trumbull. Cole. Sumner. Stockton.
Terillnrte Nve. Charmau: Crugiu. Schurz,
Boreman. Hitchcock. Cluvtou and Cooper.
Mirine llaurnaa Stewart, i tiairnian: itamsev.
IIui luii. Itlco, Fenton, Scott, Kellogg, Hitchcock,
Conner. Ferry of alien.: aim Kcncy.
mm and Mliilnn- It ce. Chuirmnti: handler,
Fltinugun, Tiplon, Caldwell, Alcorn, Sanlshnry.
Ittvuiimot tltLnwof the t'nlted Htate 4'onk
ling, Chairman; carjieuiitr, siuwori, v rigm
Hamilton or aiii.
h'lliifiitljiii and lAthar Sawver. Chairman
rill of Vermont, Flanagan, Patterson and John
son.
To Audit mid Control Conlinneiit K.rnen$ or
Senate Fenton, Chairman Windom und Suuls-
hilrv.
Printing Anthony, Chairman liowe aud
eily.
Library Morrill of Maine, Chairman; Howe
Sherman,
Eneroed Hill Buckingham, Chairman;
ton and uavis oi west virgiuia.
Knrvlitit ism carpenter. Chairman; Lewis
Ke ev.
btltet Commute on Herisionor Kttlt romeroy,
Chairman; tumnuds ana esvara.
Jimiuvol of JUttiiiU JJUaWltietK'.mcrlfan,
Chairman; Boremaii, Ames, Hamilton of Texas,
Vlckers. Cluvlnn and Stevenson.
On Leiyemt tne M imsfiniH Kellogg, chairman
Trumhu I. scuurz. Alcoru ami mair.
Aliened Uulraat in the Southern State
Chairman; Chumllcr, Itlco, Pool, Pratt, Bayard
uiuir,
HOUSE.
to
on
tho
Su
writ
tho
fully
On Elu Ian MrCrcurv. of In. Hoar, of Mass
Thomas, of N. C. Peirv, of O. llu.cllon, of
Kuiiies, of It. I.; Arthur, of Ky. Merrick, of
Hire, of 111.
Way and Mian- Dawes, of Mass.; Mayuard,
Tenn.: Kellev. of Pa.: Brooks, of N. Y.; Fiukeln-
burg, of Mo.; Burcluiid, of HI.; K. II. ltubcrls,
N. Y.j Kerr, of lud.; Buck, of N. Y.
Amiroiii-lallaH -Garlleld, of O. Sargent, of
Dickey, of Pu.; ('lurk, of N. Y.; Palmer, of
Hale, of Me.; NiblacW, of Intl.; Marshall, of
Hwaii, of Mil.
Iliuding and Currency Hooper, of Mass.;
of Mich.; Siuilh, of Vt.; Fiirwcll, of
Monroe., of I). Merriaiu, of N. V. 1 Cox,ofN,Y.;
ltiinda'l, of Pa.; Dox. of Abu
FiuiHf Jtullitiad Wheeler, of N. Y. Burlington,
of Mais. Lynch, of Me. hvplier, of Iji.; Killlngcr,
of Pa.: BevcililL'e. of 111.: Honghlou. of Cal.iAvur-
III, of Minn.; Welle, of Mo.) MrKluucy, of
-!"Tr! vt N' Ci
Buckler,
Y.t Frye.
oi
"of
rfrrfm-TI1nlr, of Mich.; Strong, of ft.
if Alii Itolmsn. of Ind.: Smith, of N
of Mo.; Foster, of O.; Harris, of Vs.; Foster,
mnnifrff Shelltibarger, of Sawyer, of Is.
I.vnch, of Mc.M'ongcr, of Mich.; Sheldon, of l.a
N'nglev, of Pa.; S. Holmati, of Ind.; Hainbleton, of
Mil.; Yownscnd, of N. Y.
Ketchnin, of N. Y.t Townsend, of
Pa.; Hawley. of III.; Kellogg, of Conn.; Dunnell,
of Minn.; l'tusk, of Wis.; McCormlck, of Mo.;
llltehle, of Mil.; Slater, of Oregon.
hmt-Ofllivtand Itmt Jt'nnln Kamsworth, of 111.
Hill, of N. J,; Twlchell, of Mass.; Tyner, of Ind.;
Kandall, of Pa.; Porter, of Va.; Houghton, of Cal.;
Van Trump, of O. Carroll, of N. Y.
Afnirf,MT--Biirdett, of Mo.; Ames, of Mass.;
rpxon, of (J.; Stowell, of Va.: Dol-argu, of S. C;
Itlco. of Ky.; Hodgers, of N. Y. Stevens, of III.;
McClelland, of Pa.; Mitchell, of Wis.; Williams, ot
N. Y.
Agrtrtitttirt Wilson, of O.; Hays, of Ala.; Ha
vens, of Mo.; Lamport, of N. Y.; Speer, of tin.;
Hazelton, of N. J.; Haldeman, of Pa.; Garrett, of
Tenn.; Crosland, of Ky.
luiHnn A Tntm-Shanks, of Ind. Itimletl. of Mo.
Smith, tifO.: Avcrlll, of Minn.; Creeley, of Pa.;
Kdnaids, of Ark.; Adams, of Ky.
Military Affair Coliurn, of lud.; Stonghton, of
Mich.; Hay, of III.; Donnan, of Iowa; Monty, of
l.a. Harris, of Miss.; Slocuin, of N. Y. Campbell,
of O. Terrv, of Va.
miltla Sheldon, of I.a.; Pprngno, of O.; Twlch
ell, of Mass.; Walls, of Fla.t husk, of Wis.; Con
ner, of Tex.; Blair, of Mo.; Acker, of Pa.; Titthlll,
of N. Y.
IHttricl of VatmnMa Starkweather, of Conn.
Williams, of Ind.: Pollard, of Vt.s Darrell, of I.a.
Horner, of Pa.; Cotton, of Iowa; Eldrldge, of Wis.;
Crebs. of 111.; Kosevelt, of N. Y.
.rmlUittry ltingham, of Ohio; Butler, of Mass.;
Peters, of Me.; Mercer, of Pa.; Wilson, of Ind.:
(Jodcrich, of N. Y.; Kldrlilge, of Wis.; Voorhces.of
Ind.; Potter, of N. Y.
JtsrntitHnnarv f Vnlms Wallace, of S. C; Pendle
ton, of It. I.; Prinillc. of N. J.; AlcJiinklii, of Pa.
Stowell. of Va.: Coinings, of Mo.; nancocK,
Tex.; Hundley, of Ala.; Porker, of N. J.
Piibie Eriirna'ltur Sawyer, of Wis.; Strong, of
Conn.: Whiteley, of Ga.: Lowe, of Knn.; Foster,
of Mich.; Kinse'lla, of N. Y.; Meyers, of Pa.; Davis,
of W. Va. Heed, of Ky.
Pilrntf Land (aim Mereur, of Pa.; Upson, of
O.; Mctircw. of W. Va.; Smith, of N. Y. Coghlan,
of Cal.; Harbor, of Wis.; Haldeman, of Pa.; Bell, of
N. 11.; Bright, of Tenn.
Xaral A fair Sootlold, of Pa.; Starkweather, of
Conn.; Ketcham, of N. Y.; Havs. of Ala.; Piatt, of
Va. Coghlan, of Cal.; Archer, of Md.; Sutherland,
of Mich.; Whllhorne, of Tenn.
f'mrion Affair Hanks, of Mass.; Myers, of Pa.;
Wtllord, of VI.; Ambler, of Dncll, of N. Y.;
Packard, of Md.; Wood, of N. Y.; Morgan, of O.;
Robinson, of Ills.
TerriloHfii Taffe, of Neb.: McKec, of Miss.;
ni.ii- i. If.. t I I.'
I nuiiie, in rt. i.; rurKi-s, 01 o. mme. i.nn..
Shoemaker, of Va.; Barnnm, of Conn.; Vanghan, of
Tenn.; Howard, of W. Va.
Ifvroliihonanj yvnulon ami War of 1812 Wil
lnrd, of Vt.; Porter, of Va. Karnes, of R. I.; Cobb,
of N. C. Spragno, of O. Hlcc, of Ky.; Forkcr, of
N. J.; Caldwell, of Tenn.
liirnUU I'rnrioni Moore, of HI.; Peck, of O.;
Wallace, of S. C: Me.liinkln. of Pa.: Wukomnn, of
N. Y.; Turner, of Ala.; Bond, of N. J.; Monson,
of Ind.: and Sneer, of Pa.
IlaUiiaii and Packer, of Pa.: Ames, of
Muss. Ha!cv. of N. Morphis, of Mo. Knntip,
of HI.; St. John, of N. Y. Biggs, of Del. iu-
chesler,r Ky.: I.amlson, oi tinio,
Minftanti Miiiiti'i Waldron. of Mich.; Sargent,
of Cal.; Banks, of Mass.; Smith, of Vt.: Negley. of
Pa. Sessions, of N. Y. Shaler, of N. C. Young,
of (fa. Kendall, of Nev.
Frredmrn o A fain Cobb, of X. C; Brooks, of
Mass.; Butler, of Tenn.; Seelev. of N. Y.t Snyder,
of Ark.: Hainey. of S. C; Urillith, of Pa.; Braxton,
of Kv. King, of Mo.
Education and IjuUir-Pierce, of Miss.; Hoar, of
Mass.; Townsend, of Pa.: Bnller. of Tenn.; Ben
netl, of Minn.; Klllolt, of 8. C; .McNccloy, of III.;
Storm, of Pa.; Moliitvre. of Ga.
KerUiim nfihr Lawtnf the t'niltd WriiVji Butler,
of Mass.; Pollard, of Vt.: Ambler, of o.; Lansing,
of N. Y.j Killiuger, of Pa.; Baglry. of (!a.; Leach,
of S. C. SherwiHsl, of Pa.: Sloss, of Ala.
Cmnage. ,igil and .Vtanrf Keller, of Pa:
-Temper, of Mass.; Heattv. of O. Slougllton, of
Mich.; Criclier, of Va.; Roberts, of N. V.; Parks,
of N. II.
rafiit Myers, of Pa. Stevenson, of O. Brooks,
of Mass.; Harry, of Miss.; Walden, of Iowa; War
ren, of N. V.; Hibhard, of N. H.; Golladay, of
Tenn.: DnboK of Ga.
J'Mie Jlfiitdina and tvrowiirf Halsey, of N. J.
Tvuer, of Ind.; Mult, Jr., of Va.; rr. of Iowa;
Fiinvcll. of 111.; Sessions, of N. Y.; lictz, of Pa.;
Wells, of Mo.; IVrrv, of N. Y.
MUfiHe MoGrow. of Ga. Darrell. of Iji. Hazel
ton, of N. J.: Onlladav, of Tenn.; Blair, of Mo.
Anmint- ltultingtoii. of Mass.; Sawver, of Wis.;
llfirris. of Mi.s Archer, of Md.: l.rwis. of Kv.
r'riMwtititrf in state lhimrtintnt Conger, of
Midi.; Whilely. of tia.; Havens, of Mo.; Hogers,
of l.a M vers! of Pa.
Vj nrflVnnc f Tttax'ini Ihmrtmtnt.sw. of
Me.: Sypher, of Iji.; Hay, of 111.; ISannim, of
ollll.; Kendall, Of .ev.
E.n nditure t.-t !lr lleiKirtment Williams, or
Ind.; Barber, of Wis. Snyder, of Ark. Acker, of
Pa.; Kiusella, of N. Y.
E.r)xnltti'rr in Aary Department Kellogg, ol
mill.: Parker, ot mo.; nosieiier, ot wis.; mggs,
f Del.; and Tilth!!!, of N. Y.
Ej-iieiiililun in lit Omce Departtnent-lMrry. or
Miss. Ilosmer. of Pa. Bighy, of (la. Huberts, of
N. Y. aud Shaler. of N.
Erntntiitme in Interior Department urn, or
N. .1. Smith, of Bcveridge, of 111. Adams, of
v. Conner, of Texas.
Eriienttilure on I'uUle Building Hawley. of
111. Moruhie. of Mls. Shoemaker, of Pa. ood.
of N. Y. Duke, of Va.
Rulen Tho Speaker: Hanks, of .Mass. viariieid.
of O. Cox, of N. Kandall, of Pa.
I'r'inlinn Itcalty, of O.; Pendleton
Price, of Ga.
Library Peters, of Me.; VWialou,
'ampliell, of
EnnHiea itiu iincKiey, oi Aia.;
Mich. Bird, of N. J.
.hint Select t'mninille on In'urrectionary state
Poland, of Vt. Muvuard, of Tenn. Scotlehl,
Pa. Farnsworth, of III. obiirn, or Hid. Steven
son, of O. Ituller, of Mass.; Lansing, of N. Y.
ox. or 3i. v. itecK. oi av. van iriiinp, oi j.
Waddell. of N. C. Kobinson of Hi. Hawks
Ark.
Select Crminiulee on Miilppt ijtree .vtorey,
a. Waldron, of la.; McKee, of Miss; Welz,
Ph.; Duke, of Va.
of 1?. I.;
of X. Y.
Foster,
The Deaf and Dumb.
and

us-
t
ami
War.
In
Cas-
and
Clay
onu
Scott,
and
Wis.
Md
of
of
Cal.;
la.;
III.;
Wal
dron, III.;

It wnsa niistv. rainv morning, late
October of this same year of 1871, when
the Oovornor of Massachusetts, witli a lit
tle company of curious and interested
people, went down to Northampton,
the sanio State, and once there, soon found
their wav to the Clarke Institution.
Tisiior coining into me seniioi nimuing
little late, alter going up a ntgnt ot iiroau
steps from the tirst floor, finds himself
a larire exhibition hall, ut the back
which, seated in rows on uencites, are ne
tween forty and fifty boys and girls, of
aires nnd sizes, from the coquettish young
Miss, just getting well into her teens, and
concerned about her ribbons and her eif-
fare, down to tiny little things of five and
six. The Jront seats are occupied oy
company; on the platform, in trout ot
largo blackboard, is a group of children,
evidently a class, intended uy a leaciier.
You cannot see that these children
being put through an examination in any
especial branch. They seem to be talking
and laughing, and Having a good lime
amomi themselves. You think, perhaps.
they are having amateur theatricals on
small scalo, as you listen to a conversa
tion between them. 1 he toucher, advanc
1 ot seven,
says "llore, f nnnv, is a pear lor you,
nnd puts it into iter hand. Fanny turns
to a little girl older titan lierseii, iimisays:
Miss J cave ruo this pear. juury
replies "I like pears very much please
give me some." Fanny says "You may
huvc a small piece," nnd hands it to her.
Here a small boy joins tliem, and says
Fanny "1 liko pears, too give me some."
Fanny Hands it to Htm, saying, ngaiii
"You may have a small piece." But
puis it in 'his pocket, and is going uwny,
when tho owner of the pear calls out
"No I no I You are a Keltish buy
makes hi in give it back. Hlie.
gives it to Mary, saying: "Put
in the closet." Mary takes
and walks slowly towards the closet,
it as she goes. Walking so slowly
and cat ins so fust, it is a question
to whether atiy pear will be left when
gets to the closet. That Funny hits
doubts on the subject is evidenced by
lively manner in which she expresses
disapprobation.
All this is very simple, you say,
you would expect more from the young
est children in our primary schools.
Certainly. Hut aro you awaro Unit every
one of theso children is deaf that
they came to this school they could
speak 1 and that had they been sent
one of the ordinary schools, provided
children of their class, they would
remained dumb as well as deaf for
The exercises which they aro being
through are to show their proficiency
sneeclY nnd their niiickness in compre
hending what is said from tho motion
tho lips; and all that they know of
things has been taught them during
or two years at school. Their proficiency
Is tested in vnr lous wavs. The class
timiln to Ktnnrt with their bucks to
black-board, aud one of their number
selected to stand before them, facing
read sentences written by tho teacher,
lwvUVwgnptu.rtbi;ki 'Tut
of


of
or
oi

in
in
A
u
in
of
all
a
are
a
mle on tho table," tc. They all watch
the little reader's lips intently, nnd at tho
end of each sentence up go several little
hands. The owner of one is selected, nnd
lie trots oil' willi nn nlr of gratified self
Importance to bring llie book, or to put
Jcmmio on Hie desk, ns the case may be,
thus showing thnt ho lias understood
what his classmate has just said. Jein
mio, when liftetl upon tho desk, where he
stands half timidly, half proudly, facing
the company, turns out lo be a tiny fellow
of only five years, willi large blue eyes,
sunny lir, and n very resolute mouth
nnd chin. Tho children then take turns
to write on the black-board sentences
spoken by their teacher.
In a higher class, which is next mar
shaled upon the platform, there is one
little maiden who lost hearing when throe
years old. Sho has been under instruction
here four years, nnd sho speaks ns well ns
any hearing child of licr age, though
wlien she first cnnie sho had lost speech
entirely, but for llie instruction sho has
received sho would never have spoken
again. A young girl of nineteen is in
this class, who is a congenital mute, and
never received any instruction until she
came to school here, herjfriends preferring
to keep her nt home and communicate
with her by natural signs. She has been
hero two years, nnd now she speaks eo ns
to be understood, lias almost dropped the
habit of using sinus, nnd reads the lips
belter than she talks. Another noticeable
case is a colored boy of ten, who became
deaf nt four years of age, and-was not
sent to school before being placed here
some six mouths ago. lie has never lost
speech, owing, probably, to unusual care
on thu part of his mother. He has im
proved greatly since being here, and talks
very well but it is amusing to flee how
the Africnn peculiarities in pronunciation
will sometimes crop out In his talk nnd
ho has all the marked partiality of the
race for making himself conspicuous its
easy, cood nntured, silly conceit, nnd ten
dency to take things easy its impulsive
quickness ot retaliation and swiitiy-cnnng-ging
moods but he is no laggard with his
lessons, and delights to learn. Some one
having asked him how old ho was, he re
plied in a loud, distinct voice, addressing
the whole eompnny, and not one whit
abashed, that lie would lie ten years old
next jinnovary." He further informed
the audience, with a grin, that be lived iu
Lennox which he pronounced "Lcnx,"
very short "on the right hand side of
the road." This happens to be the home
of tlie Lieutenant-Governor of the State,
who wns silling not far away.
The children in Ibis class were put to
writing out words from dictation on the
black-board. They were such wortls as
"Steamboat," "October," "September."
I believe onl v one word was missed, and
that was Waterproof."
A third class was employed in writing
out on tlie board descriptions of the vari
ous objects in an engraving which was
held up by their teacher. This was done
to show their fluency in written language.
They were also exercised in sums in mul
tiplication, calling out tlie figures as they
wrote them down and summing up tlie
result orally. I should except one lit tie boy,
who was allowed to do it all in writing be
caine, though he talks very well, he is
subject to a distressing nervousness
which incapacitates him from nppearing to
advantage before strangers. The poor
IVllow sutlers from a contraction of llie
lower facial muscles, so that his mouth is
drawn to ono side, and he fancies that
everybody is noticing it. His teacher re-
laled to mo an allecting incident in tins
connection.
She had the children gathered ntmut her
one rsunrtiiv and was tennis mem oi
Heaven. They had a great many ques
tions to ask. 'Should they be allowed
to play in heaven 1" Should they wear
long while dresses?" and questions of
like nature. She told them that they
would be very happy and very beautiiul
there, and that tlioy would sec a great
many heatitiiiil tilings. jienuiuui
1 lieantiliil "Uli, 1 snail never lie
b'.atttifnl cried out one and another,
with nil the intensity of childish self
depreciation. She repeated that they
would be beautiiul and tree irom an
bodily defects. Just then she cnujiht the
ga.e of the boy whom I have mentioned
nxed upon ner iacc, witu iuu-ne eager
ness, lie waited till he saw that all the
children were looking at her, and in
moment, when no ono saw him, he made
a rapid and significant gesture and asked,
ill my face lie. straigiu roor cium:
such ti look of perfect delight came into
his eyes when the teacher gravely an
swered, Yes."
Iu a fourth class the children did
gums in simple fractions from the oral
dictation ot the teuclicr, and gave speci
mens of impromptu composition, which
they wrote on the black-board, and read
aloud. This class till keep a daily journal,
which is read nnd corrected hy their
teacher each day.
Tlie highest classes wero examined
tbe various studies taught iu other schools.
They gave some interesting illustrations
in chemistry, under the direction of their
teacher, and explained tho diU'erent pro
cesses as they went along. They wero
also examined in physiology; und they
study mental phylosophy, botany and
draw in ir.
There was one little fellow so exceed
ingly blight in llie scientific branches that
he won from the Governor the remark
that ho would be heard of by uud by as
lecturor on kindred subjects.
One must bear constantly in mind
these children are taught entirely by word
of mouth; that no gestures aro ever used,
except such ordinary ones ns often occur
naturally when a speaker tries in all ways
to enforce what he is saying. A
Keening Mud.
A Race for a Wife.
to

lie

aud
then
it
it,
eat
ing us
she
her
the
her
and
when
not
to
for
have
lifer
put
iu
of
these
one
are
the
is
it,
Tub Vallejo (Cal.)
ot a
Chronicle elves
spirited runaway
Jem'
following account
match
An exciting runaway match took placo
yesterday in which the would-bo bride
groom, y superior speed and bottom,
overcame all obstacles and won his prize.
Tho hero is C. W. Benedict, formerly
leader of tho Vallejo Hilles Brass Band,
anil at present band-master on board
California the heroine is a young
of this city. Tho two bad formed
mutual attachment, and wero engaged
lie married. But tho course of
love never did run smooth," und
young lady had a big brother who
strongly opposed to ine inaicii, inn ueinj;
satisfied with tlie social standing of
online So n runaway nuitch was
ranged, and yesterday tho latter engaged
a splendid double teamoi jonnnie in-own-lie,
und, resplendent in nayal uniform
und brass buttoas, drove sround to
residence of his unhinccd. the two
rlem-a rtv in Kiii.-uni Meanwhile.
brother rinding his sister absent, smelt
rat, and having an idea what was
straightway got a buggy and Minted
the runaways. Tlie latter, arriving
Suisiin, had put up at a hotel, and fancy
ing tho coast was clear were enjoying
themselves leisurely, when tho brother
appeared on the scene. The couplu catch
ing sight of him, made for their
and jumping in, stalled for Fairfield
break-neck pace to get the license.
Their pursuer whipped his horse
them and finally overlook them in
clerk's olllce. Here he tried to prevent
tho clerk from issuing a license, but
parties being of age, llie latter count
ivfuse. Armed with his license, Benedict
handed bis sweetheart into the
niirl u na ii limit neiiniiiL' ill himself,
the brother colai ed him. A serious
ensued, but Benedict finally shook
off, and stalled for Suistui to Und a jt'
to perform w umi'iiago mvuiwiy.
brothor rushed for his buggy and started
in hot pursuit. It was tho fastest mils
race over witnessed at the county scat, and
both Fairfield and Stiisnn turned out m
mam to witness it. Whip lashes cracked,
wheels spun liko tops, nnd the gravel on
that would be macadamized fond flew from
tho horses' feet likflinilslones, TbfloTcru
came out ahead nnd rushed for the Jus
tice's ofllco without delay. 'J'hoir pur
suer followed hard after, and tried to
prevent the performance of the ceremony,
but his expostulations wero of no avail.
A few brief words made tho iwo one, and
tho baffled brother sadly returned to his
team and drove back to Vallejo.. lienedlct,
now a happy Benedict, left his. team In
the stable, and took the down train in
the evening, going down to San Francisco
with his bride on their wedding tour.
Hrowntlo is thus far out a team on the ar
rangement, which Is eating Its head off
in Sttisuti, wlillo tlie lovers nre enjoying
themselves in other climes.
Suicides.
a
a
in

a
tlie
tho
lady
u
to
trtto
the
was
tho
ar
the
ineu
Till
a
up,
alter
in
team,
at a
after
the
both
not
buggy,
when
scullle
liittl
1 (10
It would be a nice question for tho
moral philosopher to detemiinc whether
horrors tend to propagate horrors; wuoth
er tho great disasters by fire and flood,
which have been sweeping across tho
country, nnd intlecd tbe entire world, this
year, liavo been the immediate causfc of
the Rmnller nnd more individual disasters
which have broken out In almost every
village in the land. We refer particularly
to suicides. France has long cnjoyedlho
rather unenviable distinction of settling
suicide fashions for tlie world, but during
the past year, tlie United Slates, in propor
tion to population.will certainly far surpass
that country. We liavo not yet arrived at
the esthetic nicety of the Parisian. -With
bis fastidious instincts, ho must go "de
cently and in order," and with a certain
degree of eclat nnd eletn attending" his
taking oil". With our more prncticsl no
tions nnd characteristic, hurry, we stand
not upon the order of our going, but go
at once," helter-skelter, aid In all manner
of bizarre and coarse exits.
Hitherto, these unnatural methods of
closing up accounts with the world liavo
been confined to n certain few of tlie most
miserable of mankind, who had been re
duced by liquor to insanity, or who had
been driven to the verge of madness by
an incurable disease, escnpo from which
could only be found in the outlet of death.
But nt present tlie most trivial cause
is made the pretext for suicide.
It is almost impossible to tako
up tlie most remote village paper without
finding in it nn account of a local suicide.
Country towns supply moro of theso vio
lent nVuths. nronortionntelv, than the
cities, whereas, previous to this year, the
reverse was tho case. A short timcsince
a man hanged himself because Darwin
had proved man's descent from the mon
key, and thereby unwittingly furnished a
striking exemplification of thetrfithof tho
distinguished naturalist's theory of tho
origin of species. Several cases have oc
curred, recently, where children of tender
age have killed themselves because they
were corrected by their parents. A silly
Indiana school-girl, the other day, took
poison because she failed in one of her
tasks. Two young misses in Maine, n
week or two ago, without any nppnrent
reason whatever, embraced each other on
the brink of Lewiston Falls nnd jumped
over. A woman in the interior of this
State, the oilier day, took poison because
her husband forbade her going to a ball.
Another one hanged herself because
her husband didn't want her to
sing nt a concert. Poor men kill them
selves because they arc poor, and rich
men because tliey nre afraid they may be
poor. Women are killing tlicmselves.lrom
reasons of desertion, deception, love-sickness,
dry goods, millinery, dancing
schools, and absurd whims of every dc
seription, while children, scarcely out of
their pantaletts nnd pinafores, ape tho
fashions of their elders, and, ou such
small juvenile reasons as they can muster,
cut otV the scant threads of their Jives.
Undoubtedly, our fast and reckless, man
ner of living furnishes the clue to a ma
jority of these cases, but what shall bo
said ot innse iiiiuierinisoiuci vn.-v.-., n.
no remedy exists? The epidemic grows
alarming.' Life is cheapening at a rate
which will soon make it a drug. In tho
existing condition of tilings no one can
rise in the morning with the certainty
that his next door neighbor is not hanging
ungratefully to a beam, because his beef
steak was burned. We have been visited
during the past few months by several su
pcrnaUind personages; among them the
Ice Fiend, and the Fire Fiend, and the
Flood Demon, and tlie Wind Fury, nnd
tlie Plague Spectre. Has that mythical
personage, tlie Fool-Killer, also come?
We can imagine no other theory
which will account for this insane tenden
cy to hurry to "that bourne," etc.
But is there not a remedy fortius moral
disease? The mania is spreading, and the
worst feature of it is that it attacks, ap
parently, good, sensible, steady men, who
have never been supposed before, to have
-suicidal tendencies. There is always a
certain class in the community wlio may
be expected to go ofV in this violent man
ner; but cannot something be done to
stay sensible people from such an ab
surdity? Is there not a panacea-, in our
ruins? If a man is tired of his life let him
come hero an begin it over again. If a
mail finds suggestions of nooses (ind cold
poison floating in hit imagination there is
nivtliinn- so effect mil as sinking tlie Imag
ination and petting down to hard facts.
There nre plenty of hard facts in our
ruins to bo resolved into realities by hard
work. We oiler, therefore, nn. inviting
field for erratic individuals contemplating
suicide. Let them take to tlie trowel, and
saw, nnd plane, and see how quickly all
their troubles will disappear, Work is
tlie antidoto of misery as well us nonsense.
In the case of children, we do not sco
how these youthful idiots can bo pre
vented from escaping from this wicked
world. In tlie case of women, it would
be useless, for when a woman -will, she
will, "nnd there's an end onV But nny
man who can work, is inexcusable, in tlie
light of our ruins. (Jhienga Tribune.
Valve of Acorns. Perhaps' It may
not be generally known, snys a California
paper, that acorns command a good prico
twenty dollars per ton in Stockton.
and quite a profitable business has been
done, bv several parties gathering acorns
and disposing of them tit that price. Our
attention has been drawn particularly to
ono instance wherein nn industrious and
energetic farmer, who resides in tho fam
ine district on tho west sido of tho San
Joaquin Kiver, who, during tho season,
gathered acorns sufilcieiit iu ajnouut to
realize money enough to pay his taxes
and leave in bis hands a surplus of twenty-five
dollars, or, as ho expressed it,
'''twenty-live dollars ahead of the hounds."
From theso acorns, gathered from the
large trees bordering on tho river, and
which are said to bo of excellent quality,
twenty dollars per ton is a price readily
obtained from parties iu this city, who
use this product for fattening hogs.
In tho early days of the London Timet
it was tho custom, in announcing mar
riages, to state the amount of the dowry
l;;0,000 or 4"100, whatever it might bo
und iu loyking through the ladies' column
ono morning at breakfast, Mr. Walter
threw out the suirgef-ton that if a man
made all that money he might certainly
pay a triniug percentage upon it to tho
printer for acquainting the world with
tho fact. "These marriage fees would
form a nice little pocket money for me,
mv dear," added Mrs. Walter, and her
husband agreed to try the experiment.
The charge at first was but a trifle, and
tlm itiinuiil iimmtiit not nrobablv much
but Mrs. Walter, at her death, passed tho
prescriptive right of hers to her daughter,
and when, a few years ago, the right waa
repurchased by tho present proprietor, tt
was assessed ut 5,000 a year.
PiiiuU, have any of those mischov
ions children been playing wilh tho piano
v bile 1 have been out of town? Some of
tho keys won't sound at all." Sarah
Please mum, 1 don't know nothiuk
about it leastwise, Master 1 om saui uiero
win something wrong with it, which ho
was sure there was a mouso Suit, bo ho
cot .loo to hold up tbe cover, while he put
tliodogandctit into it; but instead of
cutchiu' the mouse, mum, they txjok to
fiulitiu'. and did make such a fuuny uolse
lu among the wires so, imj w v
mouse U la thetn mill, wuw,'
r