(Tnifral flrcstotnrian.
Richmond, Va., Wednesday, Dec. 20,1871.
I HE MILLWRIGHT PREACHER.
FROM THE LIFE OF REV. ARCHIBALD ALEX
ANDER, D. D.
[la 17.'^. Dr. Alexauder and Benjamin Grigsby,
both you?! men recently licensed to preach, were
seat by tho Commission of the Synod of Virginia
on a missionary trur in the Eastern part of the
State The following narrative is a very interest
;ng one, and in some respects very instructive.]
From Prince Edward the young preachers
went towards Lunenburg. Before sunset
they arrived at the house of a Mr. Yar
borough, a Baptist of some wealth, who re
ceived them with Christian and Virginia
hospitality. Here they gained acquaintance
with a man whose case is too remarkable
and characteristic of the times to be omitted.
And as the memorandums of Dr. Alexander
respect;: g his contemporaries furnish facts
which would otherwise be entirely lost, we
feel justified ia frequently turning aside to
diversify our story by such episodes.
“Mr. Yarborough took occasion to inform
us ilia, there was a Baptist preacher in his
employment as a millwright, who would be
at the house S3 soon as his work was fin
ished. Accordingly about the dusk of the
evenirg, an oi l man in coarse garb, with
leathern apron, and laden with tools, entered
the house and took his seat on the stairs.—
Neither Mr. Grigsby nor I had ever been ac
quainted v::h uneducated preachers, and we
were struck with astonishment that this car
penter should pretend to preach. When we
retired, Mr. Shelburne, such was his name,
was put into the same room with us. I felt
an avidity to question him respecting his
call to the miniatrv. taking it for ^ranted
that the old man was ignorant. I therefore
began by asking him what he considered a
call to the ministry. Mr. Shelburne per
ceived the drift of my question, and instead
of giving a general answer proceeded to a
narrative of his own experience, and to state
the circumstances which led him to suppose
that God had called him to be a preacher.
The substance of his story was as follows:
“‘I was born in one of the lower coun
ties of Virginia, and when young was put to
learn the carpenter’s trade. Until I was a
man grown a- d had a family, I never heard
any preaching but from ministers of the Es
tabliahed Church, and did not even know
that there wore any others. About this time
came into the neighborhood a Presbyterian
minister, by the name of Martin, whom I
went to Ik -r; and before he was done I was
convince*! that I was in a lost and undone
condition. lie made no stay, and I heard
no more of him. But a wound had been
left in my conscience which I knew not how
to get healed, and no one about me could
any v:,:u ie advice as to a cure. I
wen: *r;m iay to lav under a' heavy buruen,
bewailing my miserable state, till at length
my distr-'ss became so great that I could
neither eat nor sleep with any peace or com
fort. My neighbors said that I was falling
into melancholy or going mad, but not one
of them had any knowledge from experience
of the nature of my distress. Thus I con
tinue l mourni- g over my miserable case for
weeks and months. I was led, however, to
read constantly in the Bible; but this rather
increased than lessened my distress; until
one Sunday eveuing I saw as clearly as I
ever saw any thing how I could be saved,
through the death of Christ. I was filled
with comfort, and yet sorrow for my sins
flowed more copiously than ever. I praised
God aloud, and immediately told my wife
that I had found salvation; and when any
oi my neignoors came to see me, i tow tnem
of the goodness of God, and what he had
done for my sou!, and how he had pardoned
all my sins. As I spoke freely of the won
derful change I had experienced, it was soon
noised abroad, and many came to see me,
and to hear an account of the matter from
my own mouth.
*i40a Salbath evenings my house would
be crowded, and when I had finished my
narrative I was accustomed to give them a
word of exhortation. And as I could be
better heard when standing, I stood and ad
dressed my neighbors, without any thought
of preaching. After proceeding for some
time in this way, I found that several others
began to be awakened by what they heard
from me, and appeared to be brought through
the new birth much as I had been. This!
greatly encouraged me to proceed in my i
work, and God was pleased to bless uiy
humble labors to the conversion of many.
All this time I did no more than relate my
own experience and then exhort my neigh
bors to seek unto the Lord for mercy. Thus
was I le l on from step to step, until at length
I actually became a preacher, without in
tending it. Exercised persons would fre
quently come to me for counsel, as I had
been the first among them to experience the
grace of God; and that I might be able to
answer their questions I was induced to
study the Bible continually; and often while
at work, particular passages would be opened
to my mind; which encouraged me to hope
that the Lord had called me to instruct those
who were more ignorant than myself; and
when the people would collect at my house,
I explaine 1 to them those passages which
had beer, opened to my mind. All this time
I had no instruction in spiritual matters
from any man, except the sermons which I
heard from Mr. Martin. But after a few
years t! ere cure a Baptist preacher into
our neighb. rhoo 1, and I found that his doc-'
trine agreed substantially with my expe
rience, and with what I had learned out of
tho Bible. I travelled about with him, and
was enc ur.*g d by him to go on in the ex- i
ercise of viy g of public speaking, but was
told by him t' it there was one duty which
I was reu ircd to perform, which was that I
should be bapt’.ted according to the com
mand of Christ. And as we rode along
we came to a certain water, and I said, See,
hero is water, what doth hinder me to bo i
baptized? Upon which we both went down
into the water, and he baptized me by im
mersion in the name of the Father, the Son,
and the Holy Ghost. From that time I have
continued until this day, testifying to small
and great, to white and black, repentance
towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus
Christ; and not without the pleasure of see
iug many sinners forsaking their sins and
turning unto God.
“‘Now,’ said he, ‘you have heard the rea
sons which iuduce me to believe that God
has called me to preach the Gospel to the
poor and ignorant. I never considered my
self qualified to instruct men of education
and learning. I have always felt badly when
such have come to hear me. But as for peo
pie of my own class, I believed that I could
teach them many things which they need to
know; and in regard to such as had become
pious, I was able, by study of the Bible and
meditation, to go before them, so that to
them also I could be in some measure a
guide. I lament my want of learning, and
am deeply convinced that it is useful to the
ministry of the Gospel; but it seems to me
that there are different gifts now as of old.
and one man may be suited to one part of
the Lord’s wors, an^ to anot^gr
part. And 1 do not know but that poor and
ignorant people can understand my coarse
and familiar language better than the dis
O O
courses of the most learned and eloquent
meu. I know their method of chinking aud
reasoning, and how to make things plaiQ by
illustrations and comparisons adapted to
their capacities and habits.’
tt Tin .1 ii *n *i.i i i i
n uca lui urn uiiuv> rigui, iui<i uiiisueu ui»
narrative, I felt much more inclined to doubt
my own call to the ministry, than that ol
James Shelburne. Much of the night was
spent in this conversation, while my compan
ion was enjoying hi3 usual repose. We
talked freely about the doctrines of religion,
and were mutually gratified at finding bow
exactly our views tallied. From this night
James Shelburne became an object of my
high regard, and he gave abundant testi
mony of his esteem for me. Whenever I
visited that part of the country, he was wont
to ride many miles to hear me preach, and
was pleased to declare that he had never
heard any of the ministers of his own de
nomination with whose opinions he could so
fully agree as with mine. I -had the oppor
tunity of hearing him preach several times,
and was pleased not only with the soundness
of his doctrine, but the unaffected simplicity
of his manner. Ilis discourses consisted of
a series of judicious remarks expressed in
the plainest language, and in a conversa
tional tone, until he became by degrees
warmed with his subject, when he fell iuto a
singing tone, but nothing like what was com
mon with almost all Baptist preachers of the
country at that time. As he followed his
trade from day to day, I once asked him
how ho found time to study his sermons; to
which he replied, that he could study better
at bis work, with his hammer in his hand,
than if shut up and surrounded with books.
When he had passed the seventieth year of
his age he gave up work, and devoted him
self entirely to preaching. Being a man of
firm health, he travelled to a considerable
distance and preached nearly every day.—
On one of these tours, after I was settled
in Charlotte county, I saw him for tho last
time. The old man appeared to be full of
zeal and love, and brought the spirit of the
Gospel into every family which he visited.
He was evidently ripening for heaven, and
accordingly,, not long after, ho finished his
course with joy. Thus I have anticipated
much that relates to my old friend, although
his end did not occur until many years after
this time.”
iiouscltold Gottis.
A Faithful Shepherd Boy.
Gerhardt was a German shepherd boy,
and a noble fellow he was, although he was
very poor.
One day, while he was watching his flock,
which was feeding in a valley, on the borders
of a forest, a hunter came out of the woods
and asked:
‘How far is it to tho nearest village?’
‘Six miles, sir,’ replied the boy, ‘but the
road is only a sheep track, and very easily
missed.’
The hunter looked at the crooked track,
and said:
‘My lad, I am hungry, tired and thirsty.
I have lost my companions, and missed my
way. Leave your sheep and show me the
road. 1 will pay you well.’
‘I cannot leave my sheep, sir,’ rejoined
Gerhardt. 4 They would stray into the for
est, and be eaten by wolves, or stolen by
robbers.’
‘Well, what of that?’ queried the hunter.
‘They are not your sheep. The loss of one
or more wouldn’t be much to your master,
and I’ll give you more than you have earned
in a whole year.’
‘I cannot go, sir,’ rejoined Gerhardt, very
firmly. ‘My master pays me for my time,
and he trusts me with his sheep. If I were
to sell my time, which does not belong to me,
and the sheep should get lo3t, it would be
the same as if I stole them.’
4 Well,’ said the hunter, 4 will you trust
your sheep with me while you go to the vil
lage and get some food and drink, and a
guide? I will take care of them for you.’
The boy shook his head. ‘The sheep,’
said he, ‘do not know your voice, and—’
Gerhardt stopped speaking.
‘And what? Can’t you trust me? Do I
look like a dishonest man?' a ked the hunter
angrily.
*S:r,’ said the boy, “you tried to make
me false to my trust, and wanted me to break
my word to my master. IIow do I know
you would keep your word to me
The hunter laughed, and he felt the boy
had fairly cornered him. He said:—
‘I see, my lad, that you are a good, faith
ful boy. I will not forget you. Show me
the road and I will try to make it out my
self.' I
Gerhardt now offered the contents of his
Bcrip to the hungry man, who, coarse as it
was, ate it gladly. Presently his attendants
come up, and then Gerhardt, to his surprise,
found that (he hunter was the Grand Duke,
who owned all the country round. The
Duke was so pleased with the boy’s honesty,
that he sent for him shortly after, and had
him educated.— Young Pilgrim.
Children's Games.
It would be seldom reasonable to call the
children’s games of modern Europe super
stitions, though many of them are survivals,
and, indeed, remarkable ones. If the games
of children and of grown up people be ex
amined with an eye to ethnological lessons
to be gained from them, one of the first
things that strikes us is how many of them
are only sportive imitations of the serious
business of life. As children in modern
civilized times play at dining and driving
horses, and going to church, so a main amuse
ment of savage children is to imitate the oc
cupations which they will carry on in ear
nest a few years later, and thus their games
are, in fact, their lessons. The Esquimaux
children’s sports are shooting with a tiny
bow and arrow at a mark, and building lit
tie snow huts, which they light up with
scraps of lamp-wick begged from their moth'
ers. Minature boomerangs and spears are
among the toys of Australian children; and
even as the fathers keep up the extremely
primitive custom of getting themselve wives
by carrying them off by violence from other
tribes, so playing at such “bride-lifting” has
been noticed as one of the regular games oi
the little native boys and girls.— Tyler8
Primitive Culture.
Am I a Christian.
The question is not Do I profess to be a
Christian for there are thousands of people
in our churches who are so utterly destitute
of Christian character, as to present not
even a look toward heaven. Said one of the
most emineut of our American pastors who
has gone to his rest, “I have preached to
this people nearly forty years as plainly and
as affectionately I could, and now I great
ly fear that I shall not meet half of them in
heaven!" To be, or not to be, a Christian!
is the point of practical interest. Am I a
new creature in Christ Jeeus? made so by
the grace of God Let us see.
To be a Christian is to be like Christ. If
any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is
none of His. Ilia spirit of meekness, and
gentleness, and patience, and forbearance,
aud forgiveness and love, and self-sacrifice,
which is the source of all real benevolence
—these are the fruits, and hence the evi
dence of a living union with Christ—of adop
tion through Christ into the family of God
In looking carefully into my own heart,
and at my past life, I find I am so worldly
that I have scarcely any resemblanco to
Christ. T am not meek, but irritable^ and,
impatient, and selfish. I sometimes get
angry, and say bitter and cruel things against
my fellows. I have been revengeful, when
Christ would have been forbearing and for
giving. I have sometimes given of my sub
stance to promote the ends of benevolence,
but it has been to save the speech of people,
rather than from any real interest in the
work sought to be accomplished.
As I scan myself carefully, I cannot see
that I have any real devotion to Christ’s
Kingdom. True, I go to church, and pay
the rent of a seat in the sanctuary, but this
is more to save appearances, or because it is
“respectable,” or “fashionable,” than any
thing else. I cannot say that I find any
pleasure in hearing the truth—indeed I
do not listen with sufficient care to know
what I have heard when the service is closed.
I have never felt that in my connection with
the Church, I had anything to do, or any
interest to sustain, or any sacrifices to make
As to prayer for the progress of the King
dom of God, it has not been my habit for
that or any other object. The enlighten
ment and elevation, and salvation of man
kind, is a matter that I have never meddled
with. So with the honor of religion and
the glory of God. 1 confess the talk on this
and other like subjects is all Greek to me.
I have atteuded the social circles, the Mite
society, andv have helped make up some
garments for the Chicago sufferers, but these
have been pastimes rather than otherwise.
Honesty requires that I admit that my re
ligion has not been, and is not now, one of
devotion to Christ’s Kingdom.
This soliloquy will answer the purpose of
an illustration of very much that goes under
the name of religion at the present day.—
The few points of practical interest alluded
to will naturally suggest many others, the
careful examination of which will help answer
the all-important question,—Am I a Chris
tian? Christian love is not a dead or dor
mant principle, but is in the heart one of
gushing sympathy, and a living power in the
daily life. It not only makes the spirit of
sacrifice, and brings all the powers of our
being into earnest work for Christ in His
vineyard, but at the same time it cultivates
all the graces of the Spirit, and developes in
sweet union with Him a symmetrical and
beautiful character. Reader! put yourself
in my place and carefully canvass the ques
tion Am I a Christian?
The Nose.—The nose acts like a custom
house officer to the system. It is highly
sensitive to the odor of the most poisonous
substances. It readily detects hemlock,
henbane, monk’s-hood, and plants containing
prussic acid; it recognizes the fetid smell of
drains, and warns us not to tmell the pol
luted air. The nose is so sensitive that it
distinguishes air containing the 200,000th
part of grain of the otto of rose, or the 15,
000,000th part of a grain of musk. It tells
us in the morning that our bed-rooms are
impure, and catches the fragrance of the
morning air, and conveys to us the invitation
of the flowers to go forth into the fields and
inhale their sweet breath. To be led by the
nose has hitherto been U9ed as a phrase of
reproach; but to have a good nose, and to
follow its guidance, is one of the safest and
shortest ways to the enjoyment of health.
The Silver Spring of Florida.
The second morning after leaving Pilatka.
we reached the famous Silver Spring, the
greatest curiosity of the State, and about
which so much has been written. It is sup
posed by many to be the same spring, the
“Fountain of Youth.” that Fonce de Leon
came in search of. It bursts forth in the
midst of the most fertile county in the State,
bubbles up in a basin nearly 100 feet deep
and about 300 yards wide, sends forth a
stream from 60 to 100 feet wide, and extend
ing six or eight miles tathe Oclawaha River.
In the spriug itself fifty boats may lie at
anchor. The clearness of the water is truly
wonderful. The smallest object can be dis
tinctly seen at the bottom, 80 feet below.
Large fish swim with every scale visible and
every movement distinctly seen. From the
centre, in a small boat, you can see the fis
sures in the rocks, from which the river
pours upward, like an inverted cataract.
It is not surprising that this spring should
have been regarded by the early Spanish
discoverers as that of perpetual youth, or
that many Indian legends should be asso
ciated with it.—Hearth and Home.
Johnson’s Manner op Composing.—
This has not been rightly understood. He
was so extremely short-sighted from the de
fect in his eyes, that writing was inconve
nifinf tn Rim* for wR Wrnt.fi. hfi WUS
obliged to ho1 'fle to his face,
lie, therefor. I what we call
a foul draft ou ly thing he pub
lished, but used to revolve the subject in his
mind, and turn and form every period, till
he had brought the whole to the highest cor
rectness and the most perfect arrangement.
Then his uncommonly retentive memory
enabled him to deliver a whole essay, proper
ly finished, whenever it was called for. I
have often heard him humming and forming
periods in low whispers to himself, when
shallow observers thought he was muttering
prayer, etc.
The origin of all weights and measures
in England was derived from a grain of
wheat. According to the old statute, thirty
two grains, well dried, and gathered from the
middle of the ear, were to make one penny
weight, twenty pennyweights one ounce. It
was afterward thought better to divide the
pennyweight into twenty-four equal parts,
called grains. William the Conqueror in
troduced into England what was called Troy
Weight, from Troyes, a town in the province
if Champagne, in .France. The English
were dissatisfied .wkh the weight, because
rho nmiml rlirl nnfc wpitrh on mneh JlS the
pound in use at that time in England. Hence
arose the term Avoir du poids, which was a
medium between the French and ancient
English weights.
Curious Facts About Words.—An ed
ucated Englishman, who has been at a pub
lie school and at the University, who reads
his Bible, his Shakespeare, and the Times,
seldom uses more than 3,000 or 4,000 words
in actual conversation. Close reasoners and
thinkers, who avoid general expressions and
wait for the word that exactly fits their
meaning, employ a larger stock, and eloquent
speakers may rise to the command of 10,
000. Shakespeare produced all his plays
with 15,000 words, Milton’s works are built
up with 8,000, and the Old Testament says j
all that it hae to say with 6,642 words.
The ringing of the curfew-bell was in- i
stituted in England by William I. It was
rung every evening at eight o’clock, and was
a signal for all lights ana fires in the houses
to be put out, and the inhabitants to retire
to rest. The name was derived from the
French, and is still called in France ule
couvrefeu,” meaning the fire-cover, or to
cover the fire. In many towns of England
the custom of ringing curfew is still con
tinued.
Right actions for the future are the best
explanations or apologies for wrong ones in
the past; the best evidence of regret for
them that we can offer or the world receive.
Edwards.
msbattdrfl.
Olive Culture in Georgia.
Mr. P. M. Nightingale, of Brunswick,
Georgia, writes us his observations and ex
perience in the culture of the olive, and the
manufacture of olive oil, as follows:
I have successfully cultivated the olive on
Cumberland Island, my former place of resi
dence, and before the war I made a very
superior quality of sweet oil, pronounced by
very good judges to be quite equal, if not
superior, to the best that has been imported.
The olive grows with little care and great
rapidity on Cumberland Island, and it is the
impression of all who have seen the grove
on that island, that the trees compare very
favorably in point of size with those in
Europe. They bear nearly every year, arid
produce two to three bushels of fruit to the
tree. Each bushel of olives will yield one
to two gallons of oil. I also succeeded in
pickling the olives, but not to my entire
satisfaction. This process is more difficult,
and requires mc^ ?are and judgment than
extracting a: t f !ng the oil. The fruit
must be in exactly the right stale for pick
ling. If that stage is passed, thevpickles,
though very Dice at first, will not keep. If,
on the contrary, the fruit is gathered for
ia r^i'AAnoa hAfoVA l a an Ai AiAnfl n mafnunrl I
it becomes hard and tasteless. The olive
tree is easily propagated from cutting, layers
or shoots, or by ingrafting into the root. It
begins to bear in about six years, but does
not produce abundantly uutil it is ten or
twelve years old. When matured it is larger
than the largest apple tree. The oldest
trees on Cumberland Island were planted by
Mrs. Greene, the widow of General Nathan
iel Greene, in 1793, and they are still fine
vigorous trees, and may be a century longer.
They are not subject to the devastations of
the insect which has seriously injured the
orange trees ^n Southern Georgia and in
Florida for thirty years past. Mrs. Greene
commenced the cultivation of the olive on
Cumberland Island at the special recommen
dation of Mr/Jefferson.
The Louisiana Orange Crop.
The Louisiana Sugar Bowl says that, not
withstanding the severity of the past winter,
which greatly injured the orange trees in
Borne localities, where the branches were not
killed by the freeze, they are, in every
locality in Western Louisiana, well filled
with fruit. The crop is a very sure one
along the water-courses in Southern Louisi
ana. Tbe lower Teche, Atchafalaya, Boeuf,
Black, Du Large, Grand Caillou, Lower
Little Caillou, Lower Bayou Terrebonne,
Le Bleu, and Bayou Lafourche, are al! well
adapted to the growth of the tree, and gen
erally have good facilities of shipping the
fruit t« market.
The Best Place for a Horse.
Winter or Bummer, except in stormy times,
there is no place so comfortable for colts or
tired work horses as a good pasture lot. To
tie up a tired horse at night in a narrow cell,
with a plank floor to stand on, is a species
of cruelty that civilization ought to be
ashamed of. If the poor animal must be con
fined like a convict in a dungeon, for pity’s
sake let him have his head, and give him at
least 12 feet square, with a soft dry floor to
stand or lie on. In the large cities land is
worth more money than horses; but on the
farm there is no excuse for any such economy.
Ask the horse what he wants, and he will tell
you that a place where he can walk around,
lie down and stretch his tired limbs, and roll
over from one side to the other, gives him
more ease and comfort, after a day of hard
work, than thd most costly plank stall, with
all the accompaniments of currycomb, stiff
bristled brushes, rubber cloths and dexterous
hostlers that can be produced.—Cor. Rural
World.
FOR
COTTON, CORN,
AND
HIGH PRICED TOBACCO,
USE
HORNER’S
MARYLAND SUPER-PHOSPHATE
AND
TOBACCO SUSTAIN.
JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.,
54 S. Gay Street,
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND.
au 23—ly
'VT'EW PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY.
W. G. It FRAYSER
has opened a new and splendfd
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY,
IN
STEARN’S BUILDING. No. 1011 Main streot,
immediately opposite the post office,
to which he invites the attention of his
friends and the public generally.
The Gallery is fitted up in the most handsome
style, and supplied with the instruments of the new
est and most improved patterns, including
DALLMEYER’S NEW PATENT PORTRAIT LENS.
Having himself been in the business since 1852,
(latterly with Messrs. C. R. Rees Co.,) and
thoroughly understanding it in all its departments,
he feels satisfied that with the aid of the competent
artists which he has in his employment, entire satis
faction will be given to his pa rons
Puotographs will be taken in every style known
to the art, and finished in the neat-st and best style.
Orders for Life-Size Pictures executed upon
canvas, finished in Oil Colors. India Ink. Crayon or
Water Colors Also Rembrandt’s and Medallion
Cards-Devisite.
W. G. R. FRAYSER,
au 9—tf 1011 Main street.
TJ ISON'S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON'S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869. and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, alter
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
J.~W. VAN GELDER,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
HAMBURG,
fph 94—tf ARKANSAS.
JgSTABLISHED IN 1844.
BOOKS, STATIONERY, PIANO FORTES
AND MUSIC!
Book Bindery and Blank Book Manufactory!
PAPER BOX FACTORY!
The subscribers have had in operation for the last
twenty years, in connection with their Bookstore, a
first-class Book Bindery and Blank Book Munufac
tory. and within the last three years they have es
tablished a Paper Box Factory.
They are now prepared to furnish Banks, Bank
ers, Merchants, Insurance Companies, Judges, Law
yers, Clerks of Courts, Treasurers of Counties,
Sheriffs, Colleges, Schools, Registers, Assessors,
and all other persons,
BLANK BOOKS,
of any style or size, made in the best manner, and
at reasonable prices. They are also prepared to
make to order at short notice, and in large or small
quantities,
Paper Boxes of any Size or Pattern,
Such as are used by Tobacconists, Druggists, Con
iectioners, Grape Growers. Ac.
We are making'every effort in our power to build
up and sustain the trade and manufactures ot our
cny—give employment to our own people, and keep
our money at home as much as possible We there
fore feel justified in inviting all persons who need
any article in our line of business to give us a call,
assuring them that we will do our utmost to give
satisfaction, both in the quality and price of our
goods Respectfully^
oc 12—8m WOODHOUSE PARHAM^
yy'1GS> braids and curls.
J. HANEY
HAIR DRESSER. WHIG-MAKER, IMPORTER AND
MANUFACTURER OF WHIGS, TOUPEES,
BRAIDS, CURLS, 4c.
Every description of Ornamental Hair Works, for
Ladies and Gentlemen, constantly on hand and made
to order at the shortest notice and moderate prices.
For any of the above named articles or information
concerning them, address J. HANEY,
141 W. Baltimore Street,
my 17—ly BALTIMORE, MD.
T. H. Kellogg, J. W. Gibson,
KELLOGG GIBSON.
Importers, Wholesale and Retail dealers in
Hi 11 XL. ULAOO, DAUi iWku,
and HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS
No. 1207 Main street, Richmond, Va.
We have removedto the large and elegant Store
lately occupied by Messrs. Butler A Son, where,
witb increasing facilities and a much larger stock,
we are prepared to offer to our friends and the
public, a complete assortment of goods in our line
at very low prices.
With grateful thanks for the very liberal patron
age extended to us heretofore, we respectfully soli
cit a continuance. KELLOGG A GIBSON,
ja 18—tf No. 1207 Main St., Eagle Square.
CALL AND SEE THE LATEST STYLES OF
RICH JEWELRY and SILVER WARE, now
opening at NOWLAN A CO.’S. New Setts, Pins
and Ear-drops, Enameled Bands, Hankerchief Hold
ers, Bosom and Sleeve Buttons, and superb Silver
ware, for bridal presents, Pitchers, Spoons, Forks,
Goblets, Ac., Ac., corner of Main and Tenth Sts.
TH08. NOWLAN. ROBT. E. MACOMBER.
NOWLAN CO.,
Corner Main and Tenth Streets, above Post Office,
Richmond, Va.
Diamonds, Fine Watches, Jewelry and
Silverware.
ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING RINGS.
Special attention given to the Repairs of Fine
Watches and Jewelry
Wp HAIR JEWELRY made to order.
•e 18—8m
R. H. MAURY. J. 1>. MAURY. R. T. BROOKS.
R. E. MAURY Co.,
bankers and brokers,
No. 1014 Main Street, first house below the
Post Office,
Richmond, Virginia.
STERLING EXCHANGE. GOLD AND 8ILVER,
BANK NOTES, STATE, CITY. AND
RAILROAD BONDS AND
STOCKS, Ac.,
BOUGHT‘AND SOLD ON COMMISSION.
Deposits received and Collections made on
all accessible points in the United States,
de 6—ly.
WM. B. ISAAC8. WM. O. TAYLOR. J- C. WILLIAMS.
WILLIAM B. ISAACS CO.,
BANKERS,
Corner of Main and Fourteenth streets.
DEALERS IN
COIN, STERLING. BANK NOTES, BONDS,
STOCKS, INLAND BILLS, Ac.
COLLECTIONS made on all accessible points in
the United States, Canada and Europe.
STERLING BILLS drawn on Messrs. Baring Bros.
A Co., London, from £1 upward.
EXCHANGE on Northern Cities, payable in Coin
or Currency, in sums to suit.
DEPOSITS received, against which checks may
be drawn as with the Banks.
Office Hours—From 8 A. M., to 4 P. M.
ap 1—lv
THE EARNEST WORKER.
In the Sabbath Schjol ami in the Family.
Is a weekly journal for Sabbath School teachers and
Christian parents, published by the
Presbyterian Committee of Publication,
1011 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Subscripi.vju price $1 50 per year; payment in
advance, and paper discontinued when time paid
for expires.
In connection with this journal there is published
a WEEKLY SABB Til SCHOOL LESSON, on
the graded system, containing the same questions as
those published in the Children's Friend with the
addition of a brief, comprehensive Exposition, and
other helps for parents nd teachers.
Communications should be addressed to Rev. E.
T. Baird, D. D., Editor, and all or iers sent to
J. D. K. SLEIGHT, Business Agent.
THE CHILDREN’S FRIEND.
This is a Sabbath School journal, published by the
Presbyterian Committee of Publication,
Richmond, Va.
It is designed to make it an instructive and enter
taining paper, f r general circulation in Sabbath
Schools, and contains nothing offensive to any
evangelical Church. In each issue is published a
>V Hi ill tv Li x LiCiODUiM, on me graueu system mating
it a convenient means lor family aud Sabbath School
instruction.
Terms—One subscriber, one year.$ 60
Eight subscribers to one uddress. 2 liO
Larger packages at Bane rates.
A MONTHLY EDITION is published, at one
half these prices. Subscriptions must be paid in
advance.
Communications should be addressed to Rev. E.
T. Baird, D. D Editor, and orders for the paper
to J. D. K. SLEIGHT, Business Agent,
no 23—tf
ARMSTRONG CO.,
MANUFACTURERS
OF
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposit, Maryland.
BEG leave to fall the particular attention of
House keepers. Stove dea.ers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would mention—
Magill's Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa
tent Gas and Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable for Churches. Schools, Stores,
Warehouses. Ac.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for desc iptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Town- in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
James Armstrong.
Office and Salesroom—
64 Ligut St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3m
THE BEST PERIODICALS OF THE DAY.
THE GREAT
English Quarterlies,
AND
BLACKWOOD’S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE.
Bepubliahod by the Leonard Scott Publishing Co.,
140 Fulton Street, New York.
At about one-third the price of the originals.
The Edinburgh Eeviow. The London Quarterly Review,
Westminster Review, The British Quarterly Review,
Published Quarterly—January, April, July, October,
AND
Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
(A fac-simile of the original.) Published Monthly.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.
For any on* of the Reviews, 4 per annum.
For any two of the Reviews, 7
For any three of the Reviews, 10
For all four of the Reviews, 12
For Blackwood’s Magazine, 4
For Blackwood and one Review, 7
For Blackwood and any two Reviews, 10
For Blackwood and three Reviews, 13
For Blackwood and the four Reviews, 15
Postage, two cents a number, to be prepaid by the
quarter at the office of delivery.
CLUBS.
A discount of twenty per cent, will be allowed to
clubs of four or more persons Thus: four copie
of Blackwood or of one Review will be sent to one
address for $12 8'): four copies of the four Reviews
and Blackwood for $48, and so on.
To clubs of ten or more, in addition to the above
discount, a copy gratis will be allowed to the getter
up of the club.
PREMIUMS.
New subscribers for the year 1872 may have, with
out charge, the numbers for the last quarter of 1871
of such periodica s as they may subscribe for.
Or instead of the above, new subscribers to any
r.iM* aI’ tLa liLiwo iwxrinHtPiilu muv
have, as premium, one ot the Four Reviews’ for
1871; subscribers to all five may have two of the
‘Four Reviews’for 1871.
Neither premiums to subscribers nor discount to
clubs can be allowed unless the money is remitted
direct to the publishers. No premiums can be given
to clubs.
To secure premiums, it will be necessary to make
early application, as the stock available for that pur
pose is limited.
Circulars with further particulars may be had on
application.
THE LEONARD SCOTT PUBLISHING CO.,
14U Fulton Street, New York.
The Leonard Scott Publishing Company,
ALSO PUBLISH
THE FARMER’S GUIDE
TO SCIENTIFIC AND PRACTICAL AGRICULTURE.
By Henry Stephens, F. R. S.. Edinburgh, and
the late J. P. Norton. Professor of Scientific Agri
culture in Yale College New H »ven.
Two vols. Royal Octavo. 1GD0 pagesand numer
ous engravings. Price, $7; by mail, post paid, $8.
de 18-tf
I FREDERICK FEMALE SEMI^ARV,
I FREDERInK, MD.
Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a lull corps of
Professors and Teachers,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms view of
buildings, Dames of Alumni, <fcc. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.,
au 1C—ly President.
^o\v^
IpCOU^ H^T> Baitimorejvi*
Send fora Circular.
ap 19—ly
Richmond and d\n\*lle railroad.
On and after DECEMBER 1st, 1871:
GOING WEST.
Train No. 2, (Through Passenger) leaves R:ch
mond daily (except Sundays,) at 4:05a. ra.; leaves
Danville at 11:03 a m.; arrives at Greensboro'at
1:62 p. m.
Train No 6, ILyncbburg Passenger) leaves Rich
mond daily at 9.15 a. m.; arrives at Lynchburg at
5 p. m.
Train No. 11, (Through Mail and Express) leaves
Richmond daily at 2:40 p. ra.; leaves Danville daily
at 10:41 p. m arrives at Greensboro’ daily at 1:12
a. m.
GOING EAST.
Train No 14, (Through Mail and Express) leaves
Greensboro’ da ly at 7:50 p. m.; leaves Danville daily
at 10:12 p. m.; arrives at Richmond daily at 6:14
a. ra.
Train No. 9, (Through Pessenger) leaves Greens
boro’ daily (except Sundays) at 11:05 a. m.; leaves
Danville at 1.27 p. m.; arrives at Richmond at 8:21
p. m.
Train No. 10, (LyncLburg Pessenger) leaves Lynch
burg daily at 5:30 a. m.; leaves Burxeville at 1 p. m.;
arrives at Richmond at 4 p. m.
Trains Nos. 2 and 11 connect at Greensboro’ with
Trains on N Carolina Railroad for all p ants South.
Train No. 6 connects at Bu'rkeville with Train on
the Atlantic, Mississippi, and Ohio Railroad lor all
points Southwest and South.
THROUGH TICKETS to all points South and
South west can be procured at the ticket office in
Richmond, and of R. F. WALKER, Agent of At
lantic, Mississippi and Ohio Railroad, No. 1325
Main street, Richmond.
JOHN R. MACMURDO,
General Freight and Ticket Agent.
T. M. R. Talcott, Enn’r and Supt. de 6—tf
HESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAILROAD —On
and alter OCTOBER 1st, PASSENGER
TRAINS leave Richmond (Sundays exgeptedj as
follows:
8:30 A. M.—MAIL TRAIN for the White Sul
phur Springs, connecting at Gordonsvule with the
Orange, Alexandria and Manassas train for Wash
ington and North, and Lynchburg and South.
3:35 P. ji.—ACCOMMODATION TRAIN for
Uordonsville, except on Saturday, on which day it
leaves at 5 P. M This train connects at Gordons
ville with the night trains on the Orange. Alexan
dria and Manassas Railroad for LY NCiiBURG and
WAS iilNO'fuN.
Through tickets, at low rates, sold to all points
North-west and South-west
Steerage tickets from Liverpool, Queenstown,
Amsterdam, Antwerp. Hamburg. Havre, Rotter
dam, Bergen, Copenhagen, and Gothenburg, to all
points on this road can be bought ot the oeneral
Ticket Agent at Hich »ond, or can be ordered
through any station agent on the road.
Further information may be obtained at the com
pany’s offices
No Passenger Trains are run on Sundays.
A. H. PERRY,
General Superintendent.
J. F. Netheri axd, General Ticket Agent,
oc 11
1871. 1871.
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT.
Schedule Richmond, Frederi If sharer and Po
tomac Route. Going into effect June 7.
THROUGH TRAINS leaves depot, comer Byrd
and 8th streets, as 'otlows:
The DAY' TRAIN daily at 5:20 a. m. Arrives in
Washington at 12:15, Baltimore exc- pton Sundays)
at 2:15, Philadelphia at 0:15, and New Y'ork at 10:•
20 p. m.. THE SAME DAW
The NIGHT TRAIN daily (except on Sundays)
at 8:45 p. m
The Day Train arrives in Richmond at 2:17 p m.
The Night Train arrives in Richmond (Mondays
excepted) at 3:30a. in.
The ACCOMMODATION TRAIN between Rich
mond and Milford will be run daily (Sundays ex
cepted.) leaving the depot corner Broad and Eighth
streets, at 4:30 p in., and arriving in Richmond at
8:42 a. m.
FREIGHT TRAINS leave on Tuesdays and
Fridays at 0:45 a. m.
THROUGH Tickets and through Baggage Checks
to all priucipal points in the Northeast and North
west.
Apply at the Co.mvaxy's Office, corner of Broad
and Eighth streets.
Ticket office, corner Byrd and 8th streets.
J. B GENTRY,
General Ticket and Freight Agent.
Ed. T. D. Myers, General Superintendent,
je 14
Central JJrcsbjfam
Office No. 1015 Main street, nearly opposite
the Post Office.
TERMS.
Three Dollars a year, paid in advance. If not
paid within the first two monlhs, $4.
Postage.—Twenty cents a year—to be paid at
the office where the paper is received.
Payments may be made to local agents wherever
practicable; all ministers of our Church are author
ised to act as such. Or by checks, Post-office money
orders, or letters l!egiste>td by Postmaster. Other
wise IT MUST BE AT THE RISE OF THE PARTY BEND
ING IT.
Obituaries.—Charged at ten cents a line The
party sending cun make the estimate by counting
eight words to u line. Payruni invariably in ad
vance.
Communications and Letters on Bjsinkss
ihould be addressed to Central Presbyterian, Box
1*2, Richmond, Va.
Terms of Advertising.—Payable in Advance.
”5 P3 <0 H O
•K 9* W _
c o»
£o *2o«22
k q Cl k b -f m
5 .z c co w
k
ss
M j i—
one wkek>
_ gj 8 8 8 S _S 8
TWO WKEK8.
cn -i C' -j
OOOOQiQOCH_
©C.MO00C5J.M three weeks.
cn c* c* O' o
c 5 c c ©_
c; co
«MC5M©O0C>«> POUR WEEK8.
tc —I M I M
OCOOiOQi^Oi_
CO >fe. M)
O'C«®Iih0C*I bit WCEVH.
81 gl Si §1 gl gl 81 gl_
o o* rc tc
2c|C'-~i«;OC'2 MONTHS.
8 0 10 C» CS O' O' O'
o I o c o o o o
tc O'. W U. to I—
OOC05M-4tC-*3 JJOJ.XH8.
_8 8 S. 8 8 8 8. g
Ki
8H C5 C< W tv M
COCCO Wg MONTHS.
_ 8 8 8 8 8_8_ 8 8
tC M
8C C OC 5*. Cn I cc M
O O 00 rc|o Z J oNI YEAR.
8 8 8 8 8 81 8 81_
The above terms give the privilege of changing
once in three months. For more frequent changes,
the cost of composition—which is about twenty
cents an inch—will be added.
Advertisements inserted every other week, to be
charged 10 per cent, additional.
Those containing cuts, to be charged 25 per
cent, additional.
Special notices, to be charged 25 pir cent, addi
tional,