have been outpourings of the Spirit, and the num
ber of additions to the membership in the Presby
tery during the year is about one hundred and fifty.
The churches reporting show that the Sabbath
School work is receiving something of that consid
eration which its importance demands.
We have still six vacant churches and are in need
of more ministers: especially is there a demand for
a minister to take charge of the churches in Char
itan county.
A few of the churches make no report, viz
Fulton, Rocheport, Arrow Rock and Brunswick.
Presbytery of Palmyra, Mo.—At its recent meet
ing. Rev. James R. Gilland was dismissed to the
Presbytery of Central Mississippi. Mr. Thomas
C. Elmore was taken under the care of Presbytery
as a candidate for the ministry.
Conoord Presbytery.—A brother sends the follow
ing items:
At Poplar Tent church, under the pastoral care
of Rev. D. A. Penick, there were twelve additions
at the late communion. There was so muoh inter
est manifested that the services would have been
protracted, had he not been disappointed in his
expected ministerial aid. His own health, I re
gret to say is very feeble.
At Concord Town church there were seven addi
tions, and a very interesting state of feeling. It
was truly a revival to Christians there.
At Rocky River there was a precious time.—
There were 57 members added at the late commu
nion, making 75 since last April. Rev. William
Banks and Rev. Walter W. Pharr assisted during
the meeting.
Eev. H. H. Hawes’ Post office address is changed
from Mt. Meridian to Farmville, Va. Mr. Hawes
has been dismissed from Lexington Presbytery,
and takes charge of the Farmville church this
week.
College Church, Prince Edward County, Va.—On
Sabbath, the 24th ult., Messrs. Henry Edmunds
and John Venable were ordained as deacons. At
the same time Mr. A. R. Venable and Professor
j L. L. Holladay were ordained to the office of rul
ing elder with the laying on of the hands of the
I session, or parochial Presbytery. Dr. B. M. Smith
preached the sermon, and Dr. R. L. Dabney de
livered a charge to the officers prdained.
Additions to the Second Presbyterian Church,
Louisville.—Six persons have been recently received
to the membership of this church, under the care
j of Dr. Robinson, on examination, and seven by
letter from other ohurches.
Another Evangelist for Orange Presbytery.—A
brother writing on business just after the adjourn
ment of Orange Presbytery at Lexington says:
“We had a very pleasant meeting. Elected Rev.
Edward Hines evangelist for western part of our
boundary.” This will be good news to the friends
of our church everywhere, as it indicates progress
in the old mother Presbytery. And it will be very
special good news to the Presbyterians and those
who are inclined to Presbyterianism throughout all
that part of Orange Presbytery lying west of Guil
ford and Davidson, as brother Hines has peculiar
qualifications for the work. But what will Shiloh
do? Brother Hines has been so long time with
that people that we know it would be severing
very strong and very tender ties to give him up.
May the Lord lead his servant in a plain path in
this matter.—North Carolina Presbyterian.
FROM THE NORTHERN STATES.
Increase.—The Occident, the Presbyterian paper
of San Francisco, is much encouraged by the
growth of the Presbyterian Church on the Pacific
coast. We are glad to hear such words as these:
“The steady and encouraging increase of the mem
bership of the Presbyterian churches on this coast
is an occasion for devout thanksgiving. The emi
gration from the East during the year has been
small. A great many Californians have gone north
ward to Oregon and Washington, and have not
yot_ connected themselves with the churohes of
their destination. Yet the membership has con
tinued to increase. The first great cause is found
in God’s merciful soheme to make all this broad
empire His own territory. The next is in the faith
ful ministers, elders and Christians, by whose in
strumentality the work of ingathering has been ac
complished. Let us be encouraged to increased
zeal and prayerfulness.”
_ Presbyterian Finances.—The Northern Presbyte
rian financial budget, just issued, calls for $1,550,
000 for the coming year. The amount is thus ap
portioned Sustentation, $50,000 Board of Pub
lication, $80,000; Ministerial Relief, $100,000;
freedmen, $100,000; Board of Education, $120,
000; church erection, $200,000; Home Missions,
$400,000; Foreign Missions, $500,000. The total
number of members is 455,378. This will give an
average of $8.40 per member as the amount to be
raised to meet the estimate of the year.
Who give Most.—The benevolent contributions
of the four religious denominations in the United
States are thus represented by The Presbyterian
Benevolent
Communicants. Contributions
Baptist.1,419,493 $016,764
Methodist Episcopal...1,398,938 957,138
Protestant Episcopal.176,986 242,032
Presbyterian.455,308 1,444,888
The Presbyterians contribute nearly six times a
much as the Episcopalians, nearly three times a
much as the Baptists, and half as much again a
the Methodists, for their benevolent purposes. Or
stated in another form, the Baptists averaged 3'
cents a communicant; the Methodist 74 cents; th
Episcopalians $1.37 the Presbyterians $3.17.
The Chicago University (Baptist) is in debt, and
its friends propose to relieve it by a little land
speculation. They have bought 160 acres in the
vicinity of the city, which they propose to cut up
into building lots and sell. $100,000 is the sum
they expect to make by the operation. We hope
they are not counting their chickens too soon. The
library of the University has recently been pre
sented with a valuable collection of coins.
Growth of Congregationalism.—The Boston Ad
vertiser has been studying the minutes of the Gen
eral Association of the Congregational Churches
of Massachusetts, with the following results:
This, the largest of the religious denomina
tions of our State, is still vigorously holding on its
way. Its churches are scattered all over the Com
monwealth, and, except in a few of the hill towns,
are gradually increasing in size and in strength.
The gain in membership for the past year has been
only a little more than five hundred, but for a long
time there has been a steady gain; and it may sur
prise those who, in the rapid growth of other de
nominations, have been accustomed to think of
Congregationalism as perhaps on the wane, to
learn that during the last forty years there has
been a net gain of 156 churches, and in the mem
bership a gain of more than a hundred per cent.
In. 1830 there were 347 ohurches, with a member
ship of 37,987 now there are 503 churches with a
membership of 80,583. In Sabbath Schools the
the increase has been still more marked. While
in 1830 there were only 34,747 enrolled as mem
bers, the report now shows an aggregate of 90,851.
Meanwhile there has been but little gain compara
tively from abroad, while a vast multitude have
gone out to found new churches all over the West;
so that the record is, on the whole, a fair one. The
number of ministers reported is 597, and, it would
seem, should furnish a fair supply for five hundred
churches.”
Banning Backward.—A correspondent of the
Episcopalian, writing from Illinois, gives a rather
gloomy account of the condition of the Church”
in that diocese. He says:
All over the Diocese of Illinois are good brick
and stone churches rented to Methodists, Presby
byterians, &o. I can count near a dozen good
Episcopal churches within a hundred miles that I
often see thus unused or used by others. Last
month I attended a country Sunday School Con
vention in a handsome stone Episcopal church
rented to the Methodists, who have a large and
flourishing church made up of a class of operatives
many of whom were inclined to the Episcopal
Church. Yet the minister of this flourishing
church was a student not yet ordained. In another
town where the Episcopal church has died out
nearly six hundred have united with other denomi
nations during the past two years. Of the parishes
in existence when our Bishop was consecrated full
one-fourth have ceased to exist, while in many
cases the towns have grown and other denomina
tions flourished.”
Many Episcopal Clergymen are looking toward
California with thoughts of change. The Pacific
Churchman informs all such aspirants that there
is a strong want of clergy existing there, but that
new comers must expect very meager salaries and
a good deal of hard work.
The Herald and Presbyter says: “The States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Michigan, drew last
year from the Home Missionary Treasury $79,024,
but raised for the same purpose only $36,682. Is
not this a shame to us? These four great States
m the very heart of the continent, no longer new,
and comparatively near to the markets of the
world, can easily do twice as much, and more; for
they must do more than twice as much to remove
themselves from the list of beneficiaries on the
Home Missionary funds.” It is proposed to
organize a movement to make the Church in these
States self-sustaining,
Generous Gift.—At a meeting of the Trustees of
Lafayette College last week, Mr. Pardee, of Hazel
ton, Pa., gave $200,000 to erect a building for the
Scientific Department. This munificent donation
will enable the Board to provide the most ample
accommodations for the largely increased classes in
Engineering, Metallurgy, and Technical. Chem
istry. In the letter announcing this gift, Mr.
Pardee says he does not make it conditional upon
an equal amount being raised for the general endow
ment by other friends of the College, but in view
of the fact that a chapel, library, gymnasium, &e.,
are so urgently needed, and that the fund for the
support of the Professors is so entirely inadequate;
he expresses the hope that his own donation for
the scientific building will be more than equalled
by contributions for the more general objects
specified.
The Baptist Union records the conversion of
another Baptist pastor to the doctrine of open
communion. It says in its last number: “Two
Sundays siuce, Rev. W. J. Dixon, pastor of the
Concord street Baptist church, Brooklyn, stated to
his congregation that he could no longer forbid
Christians who desire to commemorate the death
of their Saviour, and that he should hereafter ad
vocate their right and duty to come to the Lord's
table as Christians rather than as Baptists.”
Rev. Mr. Milburn, the well known blind preacher,
left the Methodist Church, a few years ago, and
joined the Episcopal. He has recently sent a let
ter of resignation to his bishop—Bissell of Ver
mont, and returns again to the communion of the
Methodist Church.
Clerical Hair Dyeing.—At a recent meeting of
the Oneida Baptist Association a visiting minister,
old enough to wear a crown of glory, but disport
ing instead an abundance of l air of a suspicious
blue-black hue, offered several reformatory resolu
tions, among them one censuring the use of to
bacco. Dr. Patton, of Utica quietly remarked
that he saw bo objection to tLe adoption of the
resolutions but he wished that the one on the use
of tobacco might be followed by one on the use
of hair-dye. The mover of the resolutions had not
a word to say.
Mercersburg Seminary.—This Institution, from
which emanated the Mercersburg Theology,” has
been removed from Mercersburg to Lancaster, Pa.,
the seat of Franklin and Marshal College. Dr. E.
V. Gerhart occupies the chair of theology, and
Dr. T. G. Apple, President of Mercersburg Col
lege, has accepted the professorship to which ho
was recently elected by the Reformed Synod. Until
the other two chairs are filled, Dr. J. W. Nevin,
Dr. T. Apple and Rev. F. A. Gast will aid in giv
ing instruction to the theological students.
Chaplaincy Accepted.—The Rev. Dr. John Forsyth,
of the Reformed Church, has acoepted the office
of chaplain at the Military Academy at West
Point, to which he was appointed some time ago.
We are glad to know that a post of so much im
portance is occupied by a man of the fine qualifica
tions possessed by Dr. Forsyth. The cadets at the
Military Academy will find in their new chaplain a
man whom they can fully respect, and whose min
istrations will be attractive and elevating.—Presby
terian.
Election of a Professor.—The General Synod of
the Reformed Dutch Church met last week, and
elected the Rev. W. G. T. Shedd to the Profes
sorship of Didactic and Polemic Theology in the
Theological Seminary at New Brunswick, N. J.,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
Rev. Dr. Berg.
Woolsey Fund.”—The Woolsey Fund of Yale
College has, it is said, already received subscrip
tions to the amount of $130,000.
DOMESTIC MISCELLA5TY.
A Hew Book by Henry A, Wise.—General Wise’s
book, which has been in course of preparation for
some_ time, is at last nearly completed. This book
is written by the General at the request of the Fa
culty and Board of Directors of William and Mary
College, and is called “Seven Decadesof the Union,
including a Narrative of the Life of Tyler.” We
understand that arrangements have been concluded
with Messrs. Lippincott Co., for its publication
in December.
Medical College of Virginia.—The winter session
of this institution commenced October 1st. It is
gratifying to hear that the number of matriculates
is larger than at the commencement of any previous
session since the war, and that the prospects of
the College are in all respects most flattering.
The Evening News.”—This sprightly evening
paper has appeared in an entirely new dress of
type, besides being enlarged and otherwise im
proved.
Rev. F._ G. Goulding, of Roswell, Georgia—the
author of that capital boys’ book, “The Young
Marooners”—though a Southerner, is a veritable
Yankee, in the versatility of his genius. Among
other things he is said to have invented in 1842,
four years before Howe’s patent was issued, a practi
cal sewing machine, which was successfully used in
his own family for a considerable time, until acci
dent destroyed the instrument, of which no second
specimen was ever made. The machine used a
double thread, and its sewing—of which we have
seen specimens—closely resembles that of the best
machines of the present day. It appears that the
ingenious inventor had no conception of the im
portance of his discovery, and made no effort to
enrich himself by it, but contented himself with
having facilitated the sewing of his own household.
FOREIGN ITEMS.
Spurgeon on Revivals.—A correspondent of the
Presbyterian Banner, writing from London gives
the following account of a sermon of'Spurgeon:
On last Sabbath morning it was my privilege
to attend service at the Metropolitan Tabernacle.
Mr. Spurgeon preached a very able and instructive
discourse on Revivals of Religion. His text was
a part of the eighth verse of the sixty-sixth chap
ter of Isaiah—‘'As soon as Zion travelled, she
brought forth her children.” He spoke of the tra
vail and the result. In every instance of a revival
recorded in the history of the Church it appears
that it was preceded by prayer and inquiry and an
agonizing spirit on the part of God’s people. He
pointed to the revivals which occurred in the Jew
ish Church, to the day of Pentecost, and the Re
formation. The Church cannot be instrumental
in the conversion of sinners until she is thoroughly
aroused to the importance of the work, and is led
to seek importunately a blessing from heaven. No
minister or Christian can labor successfully unless
he possesses an earnest and anxious spirit. With
respect to preachers, he said, “We must ram our
selves into our cannon, and fire ourselves at the
people. We must throw life, zeal, earnestness into
our work and into our sermons.” Dead churches
and Christians ought to be buried. Left above
ground, they do no good, but much harm. For
Christ we should be willing to perform the most
menial office. “If you can glorify God by being
foot-mat for the saints, it is an honor for you to
occupy that position. Repeating the text, he
called attention to the words “as soon,” and re
marked that it often happens that good results fol
low immediately the efforts designed to produce
them. This should encourage the Church. Mr.
Spurgeon regretted that of late so few of his own
congregation had been converted, though he had
heard of the awakening of many strangers who
had visited the Tabernacle. He began to think
he had fished too loDg in that pond, and that it
was time for him to cast his line in some other.—
He pronounced woe on all who would not pray and
work; and he encouraged all who made diligent
use of the means of grace. This sermon was lis
tened to attentively by about five thousand people.
Victor Emmanuel is already planning the recon
struction of Rome. The ancient city is to be cleared
of unsightly excrescences, and modern Rome is to
have widened streets, covered markets, and a
thorough overhauling. In fact Rome is to be
cleaned and put in complete order as a civilized
European capital of the nineteenth century.
atm d,
September 28th, at the residence of William C.
Burger, of Bath county, Va., by Rev. R. P. Kenne
dy, George H. Hughes, of Fluvanna county, and
Miss Maggie E. Burger.
September 19th, at Galena church, Wythe county,
Va., by Rev. Wm. S. Lacy, James S. Stephens,
Esq., and Miss Senah A. Sanders, all of Wythe
county.
September 28th, in Crab Bottom, Highland coun
ty, Va., by Rev. J. H. H. Winfree, John S. New
man, Esq., and Miss Sarah E. Hansel, both of
Highland county, Va.
October 3d, by the Rev. Samuel Brown, at the
house of the bride’s mother, Jacob N. Cunningham
and Miss Nancy R. Wilhelm, all of Rockbridge
county, Va.
October 7th, at Monumental church in this city,
by Rev. Geo. Woodbridge, Pike Powers, of Staun
ton, Va., and Miss Louise Bull, of Richmond.
October 4th, at Cedar Grove,” King George
county, Va., by Rev. E. B. McGuire, Col. W. F.
M. Holliday, of Winchester, Va., and Caroline
Calvert, daughter of Dr. Richard H, Stuart,
©bUttams.
Died, at Harrodsburg, Ky., James Ramsey, son
of Rev. and Mrs. J. K. Harris, born January 1st,
died September 25th, 1871.
Died, October 2d, at the University of Virginia,
Basil Seymour, second son of B. L. and B. C. Gil
dersleeve, aged 4 months and 3 weeks.
Died, October 3d, in this city, of ^’hooping
cough, Christina, youngest daughter of George E.
and Mary J. Bowden, aged 1 year and 4 months.
Died, October 1st, in this city, John Meredith
Strother, in the 34th year of his age.
Died, September 15th, near Whitesburg, Ala.,
Mrs. Sarah Gardiner, wife of David Gardiner.
She was born October 29th, 1812. She was con
nected with the Presbyterian church in 1836 or ’37.
She lived the Christian through life; was the
mother of fourteen ch:'dren, seven of them died be
fore her. Of these, two died in infancy; the other
five (four sons and and daughter,) were professors
of religion, and died in the communion of the church.
She left a devoted husband and seven children to
mourn their loss. All the living children, except
the youngest, are cons’stent members of the church.
Truly she trained up her children in the nurture and
admonition of the Lord, and her labor was not in
vain in the Lord.” So that she being dead yet
speaketh. The Church and her family sustain a
great loss in her death. We are sure, their loss is
her gain. A. P.
(•rfflesiastkal Notices.
The Synod op Virginia will meet in the First
Presbyterian Church, Lynchburg, Va., on the 18th
of October, 1871, at 7J P. ra.
James P. Smith, Stated Clerk.
The following reports from the Presbyteries will
be called for:
1. Narrative on the State of Religion.
2. Sta.tisiic.il Reports.
8. On Evangelistic Labor.
4. "On Systematic Benevolence.
NOTICE.
Delegates to the Synod of Virginia that expect to
at1 end the meeting to be held in Lynchburg on the
18th of October, will report their names at once to
the undersigned committee. The city will be crowd;
ded at that time by persons attending the Agricul
tural Fair, and Medical Convention, hence it is im
portant that the committee should know at an early
day, what members expect to attend the Synod, so
that the necessary arrangements can be made for
their accommodation. Members will find it to their
comfort to come on the trains that arrive in Lynch
burg in the day time. Those paying full fare, will
be returned free, on obtaining the certificate of the
Clerk of Synod.
Delegates on their arrival in the city, will please
report at once to the committee at the Lecture-room
of the 2d Presbyterian Church, corner of Market
and Church Streets. James R. Holt,
J. N. Gordon,
Committee.
Roanoke Presbytery.
The Presbytery of Roanoke stands adjourned to
meet in the Lecture-room of the Second Presbyte
rian church, Lynchburg, on Wednesday the 18th of
October, (the day of the meeting of Synod,) at 10
A. M. A full attendance is important. Members
going by the Richmond Danville road will have to
takeTTuTM0fTThty iiiernoon or Monday night train,
in order to reach Tijnrhhuffc~tii- those who
pay full fare should take certificates of]nfrf*«Lc'one
so from the agents where they take the cars
Hugh A. Brown, Stated Clerk.
The next stated meeting of the Presbytery of
South Alabama will be held at Talladega, on Thurs
day before the 3d Sabbath of October, at 8 P. M.
H. R. Raymond, Stated Clerk.
The Synod of Alabama stands adjourned to meet
in Tuskegee, Ala., on Wednesday before the fourth
Sabbath in October, 1871, at 7J o’clock, P. M.
Robert Nall, Staled Clerk.
Davidson College, N. C.—By order, a meeting
of the Board of Trustees will be held at Davidson
College, at 12 M., on the fourth Tuesday of Octo
ber, (being the 24th.) to elect a President and a
Professor of Mental and Moral Philosophy, Meta
physics, etc.
Samuel H. Walkup, President.
E. Nye Hutchison, Secretary.
SYNODS AND PRESBYTEEIES.
Times of Meeting.
SYNODS.
Alabama.
Arkansas.
Georgia.
Kentucky.
Memphis.
Mississippi.
Nashville.
North Carolina.
South Carolina.
Texas.
Virginia.
East Alabama.
South Alabama.
Tuscaloosa.
Arkansas.
Indian.
Ouachita.
Atlanta.
Augusta.
Cherokee.
Elorida.
Macon.
Savannah.
Ebenezer, Ky.
Central Ohio.
Louisville, Ky.
Muhlenburg, Ky.
Paducah.
Transylvania.
West Lexington.
Tuskegee, Oct 18, 71 p m
Little Rock, Oct 19, 7pm
Athens, Oct 19, 7 pm.
Danville, Oct 11, 71 p m.
Jackson, Tenn., Oct 19, 7 p m
Vicksburg, November 1, 71 p m
Knoxville, Oct 26, 71 p m
Fayetteville, Oct 11, 71 p m
Sumterville, Nov 15, 71 p m
Waco, November 2, 11 a m
Lyn'chburg, Oct. 18, 71 p m
PRESBYTERIES.
Opelika, Oct 13, 71 p m
Talladega, Oct 12, 8 p m
Concord, Oct 5, 11am
Sylvania, Oct 14, 11 a m
Princeton, Oct 12, 7pm
Decatur, Sept 28, 71 p m
Bethel church, Oct 5, 7 p m
Lake City, Nov 1.
Ephesus, Sept 21, 11 a m
Valdosta, Oct 5, 7 pm V
Richmond, Sept 19, 7pm V

Mt. Pleasant, Sept 21, 7 p m
Caseyville, Sept 22, 71 p m
Richmond, Aug 25, 71 p m
Florence, Oct 14, 11 a m
Somerville.
Chickasaw.
Memphis.
North Mississippi. Edmiston, Sept 22, 71 p m
Western District. Sardis, Oct 14, 11 a m
Cent’l Mississippi. Raymond, Oct 28, 11 a m
Louisiana. Comite, Sept 28.
Mississippi. Hopewell, Oct 12, 11am
New Orleans.
Red River.
Tombeckbee.
Holston.
Knoxville.
Nashville.
North Alabama.
Concord.
Fayetteville.
Mechlenburg.
Orange.
Wilmington.
Bethel.
Charleston.
Harmony.
South Carolina.
Brazos.
Central Texas.
Eastern Texas.
Western Texas.
Abingdon.
Chesapeake.
East Hanover.
Greenbrier.
Lexington.
Roanoke.
Montgomery.
West Hanover.
Winchester.
Jonesboro, Sept 21, 7 p m
Sweetwater, Sept 28, 7 p m
Bethsalem ch, Sept 22, 71 p m
Bethany, Sept 28, 71 p m
St. Paul’s church, Oct 7, 12 m
Shelbyville, Sept 27.
Olivet, Oct 5, 11 a m
Orangeburg, Sept 27, 71 p m
Florence, Oct 4, 71 p m
Bethany, Oct 6, 11 a m
Carolina, Oct 28, 11am
Crockett, Oct 26, 7 p in
Indianola, Oct 6,. 7 p m,
Maple Grove, Sept 20, 11 a m
Baltimore, Oct 11, 8 p m
Manchester, May 9, 71 p m
Lewisburg, Oct 12, 7pm
Windy Cove, Oct 5, 11am
Charlotte C. H., April 17.
Farmville, April 71 p m
New Creek, Sept 27, 71 p m
Commercial Matters,
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, October 10, 1§71.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 113. Silver—Selling, 110,
Tobacco Market.
Lugs, $6@$8.50; Primings, $4@$6; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.50@10 Fine Shipping, $10
@15; Common Wrappers, $6@12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $15@65.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@91c.; Shoulders, 8@81c.;
plain hams, 16@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c.
Flour.—Superfine, $7@7.25; Extra, $7.76@8;
Family, $8.5008.75.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14}@16c.; refined extra “C.”
18e.; brown, ll@13c.
Molasses.—Cuba, 26027c.; Porto Rico, 50®75c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@80c.; Common 20®
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2.35.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@15c.;
tallow, 15c.
Bees Wax—28c.
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.25. Cloverhay,
95@*1.
Wool—Washed, G0@C5c.: unwashed, 40@45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1.75@1.90; red,
$1.76@1.90; corn, 81®82c.; oats, 55®G5c.; rye,
$1.
Flax Seed.—$1.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.25;
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel, No. 1, $27@2S; kits, $3.50@G;
Herrings, $6@7J.
Fresh Meats, &c.—Beef, nett, 6@9c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.,
Lard—12013 cents.
Eggs—Per dozen, 23@25 cents.
Chickens—1G@35 cents.
Dried Api'les—6@8c.; peaches, 12®14c.
Cotton—20025 cents.
Feathers—60@75 cents.
Lime—$1.65@$1.70.
Tickings—13030 cents.
Cotton Oznaburgs—12J014 cents.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 12.V01G i, 9®10c.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20026.
Shingles—Virginia heart, $306.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7®8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
A SITUATION WANTED by a Lady as teacher
of the English branches and Music, in a pri
vate family; Will accept a very small salary.
References exchanged.
Address Mrs. A. BROWN,
oc 4— 2t Stewartsville, Bedford Co., Va.
WANTED.—A Young Lady, competent to give
instruction in the usual English branches,
French, and Music, (instrumental and vocal, de
sires a situation as Teacher in a private family or
as an assistant in a school.
Address “TEACHER,”
sep 20—4t Norfolk, Va.
THE MISSES FORBES will re-open their
SCHOOL at their residence, 403 Grace Street,
on the 2d of OCTOBER. frt sep 27
SEWING MACHINES FOR THE
DESTITUTE.
DESIRING to do iny part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living by
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction of ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge aB a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less thiw the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E; A. GIBBS,
Willeox Gibbs S. M., Otice Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bank Streets,;Richmond, Va.
GET THE BEST.
Webster’s Unabridged
lietionary,
H
E
10,000 Words and Meaning i not in other
Dictionaries.
3,000 Engravings. 1,840 Pages (jjiarto. Price $12.
fA lad to add my testimony in iti favor.
J* Pres’t Walker of Harvard.
Ev-R its value.
ver^ scHW*”,,?f!*»iiJh-escott, the Historian.]
F me most complete Dictionary 01
I [Dr. Dick, of Scotland^
11 Ihe best guide of students of our language.
[Jdhn G. Whittier.]
e will transmit his name to latest posterity.
[Chancellor Kent.]
tymological parts surpasses anything by earlier
laborers. [G eorge Bancroft.]
Bearing relation to Language 1 rincipia does to
Philosophy. (Elihu Burritt.]
ITlxcels all others in defining scie ilific terms.
[President Hitchcock.]
So far as I know, the best defining; Dictionary.
(Horace Mann.]
Take it altogether, the surpassing work.
[Smart, the English Orthcepist.]
A necessity for every intelligent family, student,
teacher and professional man. What Library is
complete without the best English Dictionary?
ALSO
Webster’s National Pictoriil Dictionary.
1040 Pages Octavo. 600 Engravings. Price $5.
The work is really a gem of a 1'ictionary, just the
thing for the million.—American Educa'l Monthly.
Published by G. C. MERIIAM, Springfield,
Mass. Sold by all Booksellers in Richmond and
elsewhere. oc 11—It
RIM ARY SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
309 Franklin St, between 3d and 4th.
I JV Mrs. F. P. HOBfQN,
Mrs. II. A. WISH.
THE 2nd Session of this School will begin on
MONDAY, October 2d.
Circulars can be found at the principal Book
stores.
Apply at present to Mrs. FJP. HOBSON,
sep 6—6t, 716, 8th and Marshall Sts.
QTEWiBT college. f
SESSION of 1871—72 opens September 1st.
EXPENSES, from $269 to $195 per annum.
DEPARTMENTS, two, Colbgiate and sub-Col
legiate.
FACULTY consists of five working men.
LOCATION, accessible and desirable.
CATALOGUES sent on application.
Address the President,
Rev. J. B. SHEARER, D. D.,
jy 19—3m Clarksville, Tenn.
F
ANCY HILL CLASSICAL SCHOOL.
FANCY HILL, ROCKBRIDGE CO., VA.
R. J, R. GUY, Principal.
The third annual session of this school will com
mence 2nd Thursday of September, and close 3rd
Thursday of June. Its design is to prepare boys
for the Washington and Lee University, the Univer
sity of Virginia, or fit them for business. It is situ
ated in one of the most healthy localities of the Val
ley, 8 miles from Lexington, and 6 from the Natural
Bridge, and can be reached by stage from Lexing
ton or Bonsack’s Depot. Theneighborhood in which
this school is situated, has for a long time enjoyed a
very fine reputation for its refinement, and the high
moral character of its citizens.
Expenses for session, $200.
Testimonials:
Fancy Hill, July, 1871.
Mr. J. R. Guy has had charge of the Fancy Hill
Classical School for the last two years, and has con
ducted it with entire satisfaction to his patrons. He
is a gentleman of fine character and intelligence,
and I regard him as a teacher of more than ordinary
ability, one to whom parents can entrust the safety
of their sons. W. T. Poague:
Washington ajid Lee University, Y
July 21st, 1871. f
I take pleasure in statitig that Mr. J. R. Guy,
whilst a member of this Institution, was distin
guished for his correct, gentlemanly deportment,
and his attention to his studies. He studied all the
branches in the department of which I have the
charge, and obtained a distinction in them. He
was successful also in other departments. I can
confidently recommend him as a young gentleman of
the highest moral worth and excellent scholarship.

J. L. Kirkpatrick,
Professor Moral Philosophy.
For particulars, address the Principal, at Mill
boro Springs, Va. 1 au 10—tf
A:
NTHRACITE
ll-'S
mr 29—ly
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
BITUMINOUS
S. H. HAWES,
18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
TURNIP SEED.—Frlsh and genuine—and sure
to come true to nanc is.
LARGE NORFOLK,
WHITE GLOBE,
FLAT DUTCH.
RUT A BAG A,
RED TOP,
EARLY WHITE,
iy 6—t.t
FLA VORING SEELS of all kinds.
PALMER TURPIN,
No. 1626 Main street, Richmond, Va,
feb 24—tf
J. W. VAN GELDER,
ATTOKNIjY AT LAW.
HAMBURG,
4
ARKANSAS
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
No. 8, North Charles Street,
BALTIMORE, MD.
IMPORTERS,
PUBLISHERS,
BOOKSELLERS,
STATIONERS.
Doalers in Books in every Department of Literature.
Publishers ot
STANDARD WORKS,
IMPORTERS OP FINE STATIONERY.
ENGRAVING,
LITHOGRAPHING,
PRINTING.
We keep on hand, at all times, a carefully selected
stock of
CHURCH BOOKS,
OXFORD BIBLES, AND HYMN BOOKS,
which we sell on the most liberal terms.
Our monthly Catalogue of new Publications
mailed, free, to persons sending us their names
and address.
jy 19—3m
“GOLDEN CHORD,"
THE CELEBRATED
ESTEY ORGANS.
Containing the
Vox Humana and Vox Jubilante Stops.
These organs are the leading instruments of the
country. Adapted to the Church, Parlor and
School. Prices from $60 to $1,000. Warranted
for x years. Circular and Price list sent free.
ALSO,
THE BRADBURY PIANO.
Equal it not superior to any made. Endorsed by
the leading artists of the country. Prices from $360
upwards. HARRY SANDERS CO.,
General Agents, 79 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Md.
N. B. Local Agents wanted in every town in the
South. may 3—6m
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
THESE SPLENDID INSTRUMENTS,
By the Perfection which has been attained in their
construction are, in the estimation of qualified
judges,
SUPERSEDING ALE OTHER ORGANS
OP THE REED CLASS.
For volume and
RESEMBLANCE TO THE PIPE ORGAN
IN THE
QUALITY AND PURITY OF THEIR TONES,
As well as in variety of expression
they stand
UNEQUALLED.
They are encased in cabinet work of new and
tasteful designs, and while equal in perfection of
manufacture, vary in price only according to size
and style of exterior.
They are admirably adapted for use in
Lodges, and the
Churches, ChapelP* 6
Home-Circle.
And are warranted in every respect.
Forty-Four Different Styles. Ranging in Price from
8100 to $1,000.
Elegantly Illustrated Catalogues mailed on appli
cation.
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
At the Rooms of the Presbyterian Committee of
Publication, opposite Post-office,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
ASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS
At BENTEEN’S,
i
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send for illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
(gTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
v For sale by
E. B. SPENCE SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle*
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS, CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac, and with the best cutters and workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents lor the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
504
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
SHOE EMPORIUM, 504
504 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladies’ Lasting Hutton Boots, patent leather Vamps, #3 60
Laced Boots 2 76
Button Boots, Kid Vamps, 3 26
44 44 Laced 14 2 60
Plain Lasting Button Boots, 2 76
4 4 4 4 4 4 Laced 44 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8—ly
Frederick female seminary,
FREDERICK, MD.
Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps of
Professors and Teachers,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms, view of
buildings, names of Alumni, &c. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.,
au 16—ly President.
A CARD —SCHOOL ANNOUNCEMENT.—
Having determined to discontinue my school,
so long conducted in this city, I am frequently in
quired of by my former patrons where they, shall
send their sons. I am happy to be able to solve
this question which had exercised my mind in re
ference to my own son. The Rev. J. A. CHAM
BLISS proposes to OPEN a SCHOOL in my former
rooms, corner of Main and 1st streets. I shall send
my son to him, believing that I could not find a bet
ter scholar or Christian gentleman to take charge of
his education. I most cordially recommend him to
my patrons and the public generally.
Very respectfully, L. S. SQUIRE.
The school referred to in the above card will open
MONDAY, October 2d.
Terms: $50, $60, and $70, according to advance
ment.
sep 20—4t J. A. CHAMBLISS.
tGREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS.—Do
you want an agency, local or traveling, with an
opportunity to make $6 to $20 a day selling
our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Lines
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
risk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
Works, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
j j 11-tf.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange,
ARMSTRONG CO.,
MANUFACTURERS
STOVE AND HOLLffV WARE,
PLOWS AI|) PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposj, Maryland
BEG leavff to call
House keepers, Stove
rally, to their celebrate!
t e particular atlcntiou of
d tiers and the Trade gene
COOKIN
Emerald
Which we will guarante
STOVES,
d Virginia.
in all cases to give entire
,tii hction.
We are also manufafiu
COOKING STOVES,
FIRE PL
We
Magill’s Patent Fire
ring a large variety of
1ANGES, PARLOR AND
ACE HEATERS.
i woi id
tent Gas and Smok
suitable for Chu
Wartio
iND
Manufacturers of and
TIN WARE
Send for descriptive ind
call and examine our 1
Responsible Agents
Towns in the Country
Address all commun
mention—
ace Heater. Msgill’s Pa
consuming Base Burner,
ehes, Sohools, Stores,
uses, Ac.
I holesale Dealers in
ENAMELED WARE.
S lock.
illustrated Catalogue, or
wanted in all the principal
sell our Stoves,
cations and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroon
04 4iGitT St., Bai.timoke, Md.
sep 20—8m
JOHN W. RISOI
V WHOLESALE AN0 RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and premise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. R1SON.
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfuey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
GRAHAM WILSON,
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(fn Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge,
my 24—6 m
fAlNTlND- mK com-Atii's
{100 lb*. of _,«! rjaiut tt« much
COLOKID VAHf "1 wear longer,
as 200 ,of. wid ton cont“
jmSf
oc 4—2m
QARDOZO, FOUBQUi?75?
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have now in store their stock of
ELEGANT SPRING GOODS,
bought entirely for cash, and will be sold at the very
LOWEST PRICES.
ap 1!)—tf
NEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
r\ ruary 3d. 1871,) of French Calf, stitched Pill
to order for $7.60. All styles, own make, for’
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
Baltimore mill stone manu
factory,
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St Baltimore, Md.
IFLES, SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GUN
MATERIAL. Write for Price List, to Great
Western Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, &c., bought or traded for.
Agents wanted. jy 26—6m
■^TATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION.
Bep 6—3 m
[Established 1848.]
TO THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry)
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the purity and excellence of his Bone Dust, the
subscriber has been induced to prepare a Phosphate
•suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The Maryland” is a Rejuvenator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim lor ii
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bom
Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the market.
Price $50 per ton, in new bags. No charge foi
delivery. JOSHUA HOllNER, Jit.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Office and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chow and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, 145,
own manufacture, in new bags Eastern and Wes
tern Bone Dust, $35, Peruvian Guano, delivered from
Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest rates
No charge for delivery. __
au 23-ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaoes,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kinds and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Hoofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 200 to 800
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
I
MPORTANT NOTICE
TO
CONSUMERS OF DRY GOODS.
All Retail Orders amounting to $20 and Over Deliv
ered in any part of the Country Free of
Express Charges.
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
of Baltimore, Md.,
In order the better to meet tho wants of their Retail
Customers at a distance, have established n
SAMPLE BUREAU,
and will, upon application, promptly send by mail
full lines of Samples of the Newest and most Fash
ionable Goods, of FRENCH, ENGLISH and DO
MESTIC Manufacture, guaranteeing at all times to
sell as low, if not at less prices, than any house in
the oonntry.
Buying our goods from the largest and most cele
brated manufacturers in the different parts of Eu
rope, and importing the same by steamers direct to
Baltimore, our stock is at all tunes promptly sup
plied with the novelties of the London and Pans
markets.
As we buy and sell only for cash, and make no bad
debts, we are able, and willing to sell our goods at
from Ten to Fifteen vkr Cent Less Profit than
if we gave credit.
In sending for samples specify the kind of goods
desired. We keep the best grades of every class of
goods, from the lowest to the most costly.
Orders unaccompanied by the cash will be sent
C. O. D.
Prompt-Paying Wholesale Buyers are invited
to inspect the Stock in our Jobbing uud Package de
partment. Address v
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
197, 199, 201 and 203 WeBt Baltimore St.,
oc 19—ly Baltimore, Md.
JOSHUA REGISTER SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKE THE BEST BELLS IN USE.
63 65 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md. V?
_ap 12—ly_
THE MENEELY BELL FOUNDERY.
(Established in 1820.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies.
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
country combined. All Bolls war
anted. An illustrated catalogue sent, free upon op
ilicationto E. A. G. R. MENEELY,
jy G—ly West Troy, N. Y.
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,'
Established In 1837.
Superior Bolls for Churchos,
Schools, otc.jjof l*n re Cop
per and Tin, fullr war
ranted, and mounted with
our LntcNt Improved
Rotary Hanging;*, tho
best In uuo.
jllluitratcd Catalogue sent free,
V VANDUZEN TIFT,
102 104 li. Second St., Cincinnati,

my 17—ly
Y ‘^Established Troy Bell Foundry,
_^^YORK.—(Established 1862,) a large
TROY.N^Kof Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
assortmeu^^^^lantly on hand and made to
and other Bells, Bell Metal (Copper and
order. Made of genuiu^kUountingB, tho best and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary^^^^JinLLS Warranted
most durable ever used. Ai
Satisfactory. Tree upon
JO©" Large Illustrated Catalogue seii^fct.V.,
application to JONES CO., Troy,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, iiunfl
my 24—ly
mtm
1 Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR
CO.,
36 North Howard Streot, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wike Railing tor Cemeteries, Balco
nies, &c., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, &c.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, Ac., &c.
ap 26—ly
Steel Composition Bells,
For Churohos, Schools and Farms.
These celebrated bells (not
oast iron or “amalgam”) rival
the Bronze in purity and volume
of tone, are more durable and
cost only about one third as
m uch. Warranted against brenk
_ _ age for one year.
itescriptive Circulars sent free
BLYMYER, NORTON CO.,
may 3—eowGm Cincinnati, Ohio.
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will he promptly filled.
my 10—ly
L. P. BROCKETT’S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 160 spirited
illustrations, price only $2.60. 60,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English and tier
many and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.
Terms extra, and freights prepaid.
Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
8ep o—iy 723 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
1,000 VOLUMES.
AREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST KATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PEEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by T> L_ D WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Societv,
914 Main St., Richmond, Vo.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION OUAKANTEED.
je 21—tf
c