ill-health, he had been unable to meet with the
>ody to which he was dismissed, at any of its ses
ions; but that there is a prospect that he may be
ibie to do so at its next meeting; and requested a
enewal ot his certificate of dismission, which was
sordially granted. _
Rev. S. S. Gaillard and Rev. Geo. T. Goetchtus
emaiped several days after the adjournment of
’resbytery, assisting Rev. G. W. Maxson in spe
;ial services which were called for by the manifes
ations of interest among the congregation. By
;he gracious blessing of God upon these labors,
several valuable additions have been made to the
membership of Ephesus church.
Harmony Presbytery
Met at Florence church, South Carolina, Octo
er 4th.
Messrs. Samuel E. Bishop and Julius V. Curry
were taken under the care of Presbytery as candi
dates for the ministry.
The Rev. G. R. Brackett was dismissed to join
the Charleston Presbytery.
One new church has been organised, under the
Dame of Cautire, in Marion county. This church
has recently experienced a season of refreshing,
ind eleven were added to its membership.
The past summer marks a new ora in the history
)f Pisgah church. Under the labors of one of the
_udents of our Seminary at Columbia, thirty-six
vere added to the membership of this church. _
During the sessions of Presbytery, the preaching
vas very earnest and impressive. Nineteen were
*dded to the Florence church, a majority of whom
nitcd by certificate. Others were seriously in
juring what they must do to be saved.
Miss Christina Ronzone was present during the
neeting of Presbytery. After spending a short
ime with her relatives in New York, she will re
urn to her mission in Italy.
'The Rev. Hampden C. DuBose, a member of
his Presbytery, who will soon leave for China,
vas also present.
During the past year, every church within the
>ounds of Presbytery has been visited by a com
nittee of inspection. It is to be hoped pastors,
>lders, deacons, and private members, are more
ieeply impressed than ever belore with a sense of
ndividual responsibility.
An effort will be made to place another evange
ist in the missionary field as soon as practicable.
The next stated meeting of Presbytery will be
icld at Marion church, Thursday before the 2d
abbath in April, 1872, at 11 A. M.
W. A. Gregg, Stated Clerk.

Presbytery of Memphis
det in the 1st Presbyterian church in Memphis,
lean., October 10th.
Samuel Neal, a candidate under care of Presby
ery, appeared and was examined with a view to
icensure.
A call from the German Evangelical Protestant
Ihurch, for the pastoral services of Rev. Lesko
f Tieste, was accepted, and Rev. J. O. Stedman
pas appointed to preside and preach the sermon,
lev. Dr. Kerr to deliver the charge to the pastor,
1 ,nd Rev. W. E. Boggs the charge to the people;
nd it was ordered that the installation take place
,t the time of the dedication of the church, which
t is supposed will be ready by the latter part of
i )ecember.
1 Rov. J. D. Meredith not appearing to answer
he citation issued at the last Presbytery, the
Itated Clerk was directed to issue a second citation
-ordering him to appear at the adjourned meet
ag of Presbytery at Jackson, Tenn., Oct. 21st.
The Presbytery of Savannah.
At its recent meeting in Valdosta, Ga., Rev. J.
V Montgomery was received from the Presbytery
f Florida.
Rev. J. W. Quarterman was reported installed
s pastor of the church at Darien and the church
t St. Mary’s as having its organization perfected
ly the ordination of Mr. E. A. McWhorter as rui
ng elder. No pulpit is now supplied by our li
entiate, Mr. R. Q. Baker. The church at Stock
on was dissolved, and its members directed to
onnect themselves with the church at Valdosta.
Presbytery adjourned to meet in St. Mary’s, on
bursday before the second Sabbath of April,
872, at half past 7 o’clock, P. M.
Petersburg, Va.—A correspondent writes“ As
Sn item of news for the Central, I have the pleas
ure to inform you that the Tabb Street Presbyte
rian church of this city, having been thoroughly
|nd tastefully repaired, was reopened for worship
last Sabbath. The people were delighted to
peturn to their much loved sanctuary, and the oc
jtesion was the more memorable for the addition of
fourteen members. Twelve were admitted upon
profession of faith in Christ, and seven were bap
tized. The pastor Rev. E. H. Rutherford preached
the morning, and administered the Sacrament of
e Lord’s Supper, and the Rev. Dr. Dabney
reached at night.”
At a Meeting of Chesapeake Presbytery in Balti
more last week, two young men of Fauquier county
,Tpere taken under its care for the purpose of being
1 educated for the Gospel Ministry. They were Wil
ara E. Cave, lately of Warrenton, and Wm. L.
hinn, of Salem.
There are eight young men under the care of the
Presbytery of Winchester as candidates for the
ministry—three at the Theological Seminary, and
l|ve are at college.
I High School.—A classical school for young ladies
»nd gentlemen has been opened by Rev. John
Johnston, in “Stone Wall Academy,” Gerards
"jibwn, West Va., under favorable circumstances.
Kov. W. W. C. Kelley’s Post office address is San
larcos, Texas.
The South-Western Presbyterian says: “There
a very encouraging prospect for establishing a
Presbyterian congregation, and building a church
(tt Wesson, Miss.”
Eev. M. W. Staples, has removed from Catskill,
N. Y., to Richmond, Va., and may be addressed
at No. 1010 Broad Street. He is Secretary and
Agent of the Virgiuia Bible Society.
Eev. J, K, Gilland, having taken charge of the
Lebanon and Bethesda churches, in the Presby
tery of Central Mississippi, his Post office address
Will be Raymond, Miss., instead of Palmyra, Mo.
Eev. J. A. Biokson’s Post office address is changed
from Monticello, Ark., to Millersburg, Ky.
J The New Presbyterian Church, Staunton, is not
fet completed, though a large force of workmen
are busily engaged upon it. It will take 100,000
tricks to finish it. The steeple is to be built with
great care, and it is stated that from the level of
She ground to the top of the steeple will be a
greater height than St. Paul’s in Richmond. Tbe
architects are Baltimoreans of considerable reputa
tion. and the eyes of the whole community are
looking with interest to the completion of this build
ing, which will be a great ornament to the town.
Alabama Street Presbyterian Church, Memphis
We are pleased to learn that the new building for
|his churoh is progressing finely. The walls are
Entirely up, and it will soon be roofed in, and the
floor laid. We should judge from appearances,
Jhat, when completed, it will be an exceedingly
peat and comfortable church. Dr. Stedman, its
pastor, is now the oldest Presbyterian minister in
the city, and has been laboriously engaged for
Snore than seventeen years in efforts to build up
^nd extend the Redeemer’s kingdom. The enter
prise is an important one, and we could wish that
the friends of our church in the city would extend
■Jo him a helping hand, and liberally aid him and
whs congregation in the laudable efforts they are
now making to extend Presbyterianism. The
Iladies of his church, we understand, are taking
iTactive steps to raise funds for the completion of
fthe building; and from their known energy and
zeal, it is believed that they will not know what it
Sis to fail. Good old Dr. Daniel Baker used to say,
I" God bless mothers the world over”—we would
'say, God bless the women, young and old, who are
I working for Christ.—Memphis Presbyterian.
Rocky Eiver Church, N. C.—Seventy-five addi
tions have been made to ..the church since the first'
of last May—sixty-six of them upon profession of
faith. During this time more or less of interest
has been manifested in the congregation on the
subject of religion. But the greater part of these
additions took place during a series of services
held a few weeks since in connection with the reg
ular communion in the church. The services con
tinued twelve days, and were marked by great
solemnity and divine power. They consisted in
the preaching of the word, and in private conversa
tion with those interested in the salvation of their
souls. No inquiry meetings were held, but the
people who attended the public preaching of the
word were instructed from house to house. And
the truth was greatly blessed by the Holy Spirit.
The work we learn is still going on. Several are
known to be entertaining a hope in Christ who
have not yet connected themselves with the church,
—and others are inquiring the way of life.
During the recent protracted services the pastor
of the church was assisted greatly in arduous work
by Rev. William Banks, of the Presbytery of
Bethel, and Rev. Walter W. Pharr, of the Pres
bytery of Mecklenburg.
Rev. J. B. Mack, pastor of the church, has
much cause for rejoicing, that the Lord is thus
blessing his labors at so early a day in that con
gregation, in gathering so many into the fold of
the Great Shepherd.—North Carolina Presbyte
rian.
Revivals in North Carolina.—A few weeks since
eleven members were added to the church of Pitts
boro’, N. C., upon profession of faith. About
that time considerable religious interest existed
in the town, and several members were added to
the Methodist church. The church of Pittsboro’
is supplied at present by the venerable Drury Laey.
D. D., of Raleigh,—and his labors there have been
blessed.
There were twelve additions to Poplar Tent
church, of which Rev. D. A. Penick is pastor, at
the recent communion. There was much interest
manifested during the meeting.
There were seven additions to the church of Con
cord Town recently, and a very interesting state of
feeling on the subject of religion is said to pervade
the community.
Edmiston Church, Miss—Revival.—A very pleas
ant meeting of North Mississippi Presbytery took
place at the Edmiston church. “We continued
our meeting, assisted by our Evangelist, Dr. R.
Mclnnis, who preached in his usual interesting
and earnest manner, twice a day, for seven days.
Before the meeting came on, our people were pray
ing and looking for a blessing, and from the very
beginning the presence of the Holy Spirit was
manifested. We never saw our Presbytery close
with a better spirit and the same hallowed influence
continued from day to day. Many Christians were
revived, and felt the love of Jesus precious to
their souls. Many that had long resisted were in
fluenced to decide the great question of the service
of God. Many of the pupils of our Sabbath
School were brought to embrace the Saviour. Six
adults were baptized one whole family, father,
mother and six children were baptized. Twenty
four were added to our church, some others will
be received hereafter. Some will unite with other
churches. Thus the Lord has blessed us and given
us reason to rejoice greatly in his goodness and
mercy. To his name be all the praise.”—Chris
tian Observer.
Student’s Hall, Columbia Theological Seminary.—
The undersigned. Committee of Managers, beg
leave to inform the friends of the Seminary that
the Student’s Boarding Hall was reopened on the
18th ultimo.
During the last Seminary year, our boarding was
at $13 a month, being a reduction of $2 a month
on the previous low rate. For this reduction, we
are largely indebted to the contributions of church
es in this Synod. In the advertisement of the
Faculty, the hope is expressed of a still further
reduction. For the realisation of this hope, we
look confidently to you, our friends abroad, for the
same generous aid during the present year. Con
tributions of provisions or money to be forwarded
to A. L. Miller, Theological Seminary, Columbia,
South Carolina.
A. R. Kennedy, W. T. Thompson. A. L. Miller,
D. K. MoFarland, W. J. McKay, Committee.
The “Evangelical Lutheran,’’formerly published
in Charlotte, N. C., but for some time discontin
ued, has been revived, and is published by Nuttall
_Co., proprietors, and is edited by Rev. N. Al
drich, assisted by Dr. Fox and Prof. E, W. Hub
bert. The subscription price is $2.50 per annum,—
$1.50 for six months. If the Lutherans in Vir
ginia and North Carolina would fully sustain this
paper, it would be an important aid in their Church
work.
FROM THE NORTHERN STATES.
Hev. Dr. Boardman.—The congregation of the
Tenth Presbyterian church, Philadelphia, met on
the 10th inst., and, by a very large majority, re
fused to consent to the dissolution of the pastoral
relation existing between the church and the Rev.
Henry A. Boardman, D. D. This action having
been communicated to Dr. Boarlman, ho with
drew the notice of resignation, and remains in the
post which he has filled with such eminent fitness
for nearly forty years.—Presbyterian,
Eev.. Dr. Shedd declines the chair of Didactic and
Polemio Theology in the Theologictl Seminary at
New Brunswick, N. J., to which he was elected
by the General Synod of the Reformed Dutch
Church.
The Eev. E. D. Hitohcock, D. D., of the Union
Theological Seminary, New York city, has so far
recovered his health that he was lately able to
preach again, after having been laid aside for
about two. years.
The Presbyterian Church at Hollidaysburg, Pa.,
of which the Rev. David H. Barron is pastor, has
received within the last ten years two hundred and
thirty four persons, ot whom one hundred and
forty were admitted after examination. The con
gregation has built a comfortable manse, improved
its cemetery, erected a handsome Seminary build
ing, and has now approaching completion one of
the most tasteful churches in the State.
Eev John Chambers, of Philadelphia has recovered
from his recent attack of sickness, in which his
life was despaired of.
Eev. H. Loomis, after twenty seven years of la
borious and faithful service as Secretary of the
American Seaman’s Friend Society, has retired
from the work._
On Tuesday, the 2Gth ult., the Rev. James W.
Dale, D. D., was installed as pastor of the Wayne
Presbyterian church near Philadelphia.
Eev. Hugh S. Carpenter, D. D., of Brooklyn, has
received a call to the Howard Presbyterian church
in San Francisco, lately Dr. Scudder’s.
Prof. Noah-Porter, D. D., was formally inaugu
rated President of Yale College on Wednesday,
the 11th inst. The occasion brought together an
unlooked-for number of graduates and strangers,
and Centre church, where the ceremonies took
place, was crowded to its utmost capacity—the gal
leries with ladies, the body of the house with gen
tlemen. The event has been one of rare occur
rence in the history of the institution, it having
had only nine Presidents in the long period of one
hundred and seventy years. Since 1777, during
the Revolutionary War, there have been but four
incumbents of the office—Stiles, Dwight, Day and
W oolsey.
Eev. William Adams, D. D., LL. D., the pastor
of the Madison Square church, N. Y., was elected
by the Directors of the New York Union Theolog
ical Seminary, to the chair made vacant by the
death of the late Dr. Skinner.
In the Eeoent Episcopal Conventions there has
been a decided tone of concession to the Low
Church element, and to the ideas and usages of
that section of the Church.
The Meeting of the Synod of the Pacific, at Oak
land, California, was the largest and the most profi
table Presbyterian ecclesiastical assembly ever con
vened on the Pacific Coast. No great revival of
religion had been reported in any of the churches
during the year, but quite a number had expe
rienced the influence of the Holy Spirit in more
than common measure, followed by considerable
additions to the churches. The increase of mem
bers, of attendance upon church and Sunday
School, the number of now churches and parson
ages built, and the general interest felt is une
qualled to the present time. Occident.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
Charlottesville, Ootober 21.—The funeral obse
quies of the late Professor Maupin took place this
evening in the public hall of the University of Ya.
The funeral services of the Episcopal Church were
read by the Rev. Mr. Hanckel, rector of Christ
church, Charlottesville, in the presence of a Di
merous audience. There was no eulogy or sermor.
The procession to the University cemetery was the
largest ever seen here.
Mr. Benjamin Bates has remove!! his bookstore
and stationery establishment to the house lately
occupied by Woodfin Co., next to the corner of
Main and 12th (south side).
The Next Packet for Liberia.—The American.
Colonization Society expect to dispatch an expedi
tion for Liberia on the 1st of November, 1871. To
industrious and worthy people of color the society
will give passage and subsistence on the voyage—
made in about forty days—and support for the first
six months after landing. Single adult persons
get ten acres, and families twenty-five acres of land.
These are all gifts, never to be repaid. Those
wishing to remove to Liberia should make applica
tion, addressed to Rev. William McLain D. D.;
financial secretary, or to William Coppinger, cor
responding secretary of the American Colonization
Society, Washington, D. C.
November Elections.—The following elections will
occur on the 7th of November:
Virginia, election of Legislative and county
officers; Maryland, election of Governor, State
officers, and Legislature Massachusetts, election
of Governor, and Legislature; Minnesota, election
of Governor, State officers, and Legislature; Mis
sissippi, election of Legislature; New Jersey, elec
tion of Governor and Legislature Illinois, election
of Congressman at large New York, election-of
State officers and Legislature; Wisconsin, election
of Governor, State officers, and Legislature; Ne
braska, election of State officers, if new constitu
tion shall bave been adopted at the election of
September 10.
i Aid from the Peabody Fund.—Rev. Dr, Sears,
i agent of the Peabody educational fund, has agreed
to aid the public schools of Alexandria, Va., to
the extent of fifteen hundred dollars, for the year
1871—’2, to enable the school board to build school
houses.
Texas Redeemed.—The Democracy have carried
Texas by a majority of 10,000. The Republican
majority at the last election was in the neighbor
hood of 6,000. Not only has this majority been
overcome, but so large a majority accumulated on
the otherside that it will be impossible for the
Radicals to set it aside. The people of Texas aro
tired of Radical rule. Six Millions of Taxes per
Annum has frightened even the loyal” into vot
ing with the Democrats.
The Defaulting United States Paymaster, Major
Hodge, has been sentenced to be cashiered, to
forfeit all pay and allowances that may be due him,
to be imprisoned at hard labor for ten years in
.such penitentiary as the proper authority may
direct, and thereafter to be imprisoned in such
penitentiary until he shall refund to the United
States the amount of his embazzlement—$445,406;
and that the crime named, and place of abode and
punishment of the accused, be published in the
newspapers in the city of Washington.' Sentence
approved by the President, but the imprisonment
limited to ten years.
A Telogram to the Whig from Lexington an
nounces the death, at High Bridge, on 19th inst.,
of Edward M. Houston.
Col. Lewis W. Washington, the head of a branch
of the family to which the first President belonged,
died on October 1, after a brief illness of conges
tive fever, at his residence near Harper’s Ferry.
He possessed a valuable collection of relics of
Washington, among others the elegant sword sent
by Frederick the Great with the inscription “From
the oldest general in tho world to the greatest.”
Churohes Destroyed in Chicago.—A list of the
churches destroyed in the Chicago fire shows the
following classification Baptist 4, Congregational
2, Protestant Episoopal 6, Evangelical and Luth
eran 9, Jewish 2, Methodist 10, Presbyterian 8,
Roman Catholic (including convents) 14, Sweed
enborgian 2, Unitarian 1, Uoiversalist 1—total 60.
There were also several mission establishments not
included in the above enumeration.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Messrs. Dodd <fc Mead announce for publication
The Theology op the New Testament.” Trans
lated from the Dutch of J. J. Van Oosterzee, Pro
fessor in the University at Utrecht, and better known
to American readers as one of the authors ot
Lange’s Commentaries. Of this book the London
Spectator says: “The scientific method in which it
is constructed, the lucidity of its arrangement, the
sagacity and abundance of information which is
brought to bear in it on the work of interpretation,
call for the highest praise.” Also, A Comparative
History of Religions. By James C. Moifatt, D. D.,
Professor of Church History in Princeton College.
The aim of this book is to investigate as closely as
possible the original creed of mankind, by actual
examination of the most ancient scriptures, to pur
sue the comparative history of the religions to which
these scriptues belong, to classify as far as possible
all religions, ancient and modern, and to determine
if possible the essential principles inherent in all and
wherein they differ. They have in press also: Bible
Lore; A series of chapters on the rare manuscripts,
various translations and notable characteristics of
the Bible.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
The subscriber, Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
and Plantation Machinery. He also makes a spe
ciality of PLOWS of all the various varieties for
the Southern Trade. Having established himself
in Warehouse No. 40 and 42 Light St., corner of
Lombard St., Baltimore, respectfully invites all his
old customers and others interested in such wares
to give him a call and examine his stock, wliioh will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as moder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MAYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—6m Baltimore, Md.
October 17th, by Rev. T. L. Preston, Captain E.
R. Cocke, of Cumberland county, Va., and Miss P.
A. Preston, of Lexington, Va.
October 12th, at Prospect Fair,” near St.
George’s, Del., by the Rev. David J. Beale, George
D. Kelley, of Wilmington, and Miss Emmalena
Clark, of the formerly place.
On the 11th of October; at Waveland, St. Louis
county. Mo., at the residence of the bride’s father,
by the Rev. Dr. J. D. Easter, John W. Slaughter,
of New York, and Miss Alice E.. Helfenstein,
eldest daughter of John P. Helfenstein, Esq.
On the 19th of October, at “Westbrook,” the
residence of John B. Young, Esq., near Richmond,
by the Rev. Dr. Moses D. Hoge, Miss Lucy T;,
daughter of the late General Corbin Braxton, and
Lewis N. Hopkins, of Baltimore.
October 17th, in this city, at her father’s resi
dence, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Minnegerode, Eme
line A. Crump and William B. Ligiitfoot, of Port
Royal, Va.
October 12th, at Zion church, Charlestown, West
Va., by Rev. Wm. H. Meade, Col. John H. Guy,
of Richmond City, and Miss Mary Ellen Ranson,
daughter of James M. Ranson, of Jefferson.
October 12th, at the residence of W. W. Lewis,
Esq., by the Rev. Mr. Townsend, John W. Paine,
Jr., of Lexington, Va., and Miss Mary J. Armen
trout, of Collierstown, W. Va.
©Htuam's.
Died, October 20th, in this city, Mary Elizabeth,
wife of James L. Bray, in the 42d year of her age.
Died, October 18th, in Berkely county, West Va.,
Mrs. Rebecca Campbell, wife of James L. Camp
bell, Esq.
Died, October 17th, of Membraneous croup, in
Lexington, Va., Willie Dold, son of C. M. Dold,
aged 2 years and 9 months.
Died, in this city, October 22d, Francis Whittle,
only child of August and Ellen Meyer, aged 1 year
4 months 26 days.
Died, October 14th, after many days of suffering,
Mrs. Betsey Edmondson, aged about 72 pears.
“And I heard a voice from Heaven, saying unto
me, write blessed are the dead which die in the
Lord,.from henceforth: Yea saith the Spirit, that
they may rest from labors; and their works do fol
low them.”
Commercial Matters,
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, October 24, 1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 111 J. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacco Karket.
Lugs, $G@$8 60; Primings, $3.50@$5; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.60(aJ10 Fine Shipping, $10
@15; Common Wrappers, $6@12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $15@65.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@9Je. Shoulders, 8@8£c.;
plain hams, 16@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c.
Flour.—Superfine, $7.60@8; Extra, $8@8.25
Family, $9.50.
Meal—Bolted, 95c@$l.
Coffee.—Java, 26@26c.; Laguayra, 20@21c.;
Rio, 17@!8c.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14J@15e.; refined extra “C.”
13c.; brown, ll@13c.
Molasses.—Cuba, 26@27c.; Porto Rico, 60@76c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@30c.; Common 20@
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2.35.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@15c.;
tallow, 15c.
Bess 28c»
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.25. Clover hay,
95@*1.
Wool—Washed, 55@65c.; unwashed, 30@45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1.75@1.80; red,
$1.70@1.80; corn, 65@67c.; oats, 56@80c.; rye,
$1.
Flax Seed.—$1.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.25
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel,No. 1, $27@28; kits, $3.60@G;
Herrings, $6@7|.
Fresh Meats, &c.—Beef, nett, 6@9c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.
Lard—12@13 cents.
Eggs—Per dozen, 23@25 cents.
Chickens—16@35 cents.
Dried Apples—6@8c.; peaches, 12@14c.
Cotton—20@25 cents.
Feathers—50@75 cents.
Lime—$1.65@$1.70.
Tickings—13@30 cents.
I Cotton Oznaburgs—12J@14 cents.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20@26.
Sbinoi.es—Virginia heart, $8@6.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7@8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
WANTED.—An elderly gentleman, of expe
rience, to take charge of a small school in a
private family. Salary $800.
Address M. M. H.,
oc 25—2t Martinsburg, Berkeley Co., W. Va.
A YOUNG LADY, of some experience, desires
a situation as Teacher in a private family or
school, to teach the usual English branches, French
and Latin, also Music to beginners.
Address P. V. M.,
oc 18—3t Balcony Falls, Rockbridge Co., Va.
I ME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
•Farmers wanting LIME weuld do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered this win
ter, when freights will be lower. Payments to be
made in the spring, or longer, if required, to re
sponsible parties.
BOWEN MERCER,
Lime Burners, No. 65 S. Gay street,
oc 25—lm Baltimore.
Chicago and the great
CONFLAGRATION.
A concise history of the past of this most won
derful of cities, atid a detailed, circumstantial and
vivid account of its destruction by fire; with scenes,
incidents, &c. By Messrs. Coi.bort Chamber
lain, City Editors of Chicago Tribune. Fully illus
trated from Photographs taken on the spot. Agents
wanted. Address C. F. VENT,
oc 25—2t. 68 Murray St., New York.
GET THE BEST.
Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary,
10,000 Words and Meanings not in other
Dictionaries.
3,000 Engravings. 1,840 Pages Quarto. Price $12.
We give it our unqualified commendation, and
hope to see a copy of it in every family.—Presbyte
rian Standard.
The richest book of information in the world.—
AT. Y. Chris. Advocate.
It is far in advance of any other manual which of
fers itself to the aid of the student of the multifari
ous wealth of the English tongue.— Congregation
alist.
This work—Webster’s Unabridged, Illustrated—
is an American Institution of itself. It has no
equal, no rival in the world of its class.—American
Wesleyan.
The work is one of the most elaborate, valuable,
erudite and complete ever issued from the press of
any country —Pittsburg Chris. Advocate.
Worthy of the most cordial recognition and the
highest praise of all who write, speak, or study the
English language.—Ev. Quarterly Review.
Young man, if you already have a Bible, buy Web
ster’s Unabridged Dictionary next.—Chris. Sun.
It has been well pronounced, “a magnificent
monument of American scholarship and learning.”
American Messenger.
We have found that the more care we spent upon
it, the more profit and pleasure we got from it.—
Christian Examiner.
A necessity for every intelligent family, student,
teacher and professional man. What Library is
complete without the best English Dictionary?
ALSO
Webster’s National Pictorial Dictionary.
1040 Pages Octavo. 600 Engravings. Prioe $5.
The work is really a gem of a Dictionary, just the
thing for the million.—American Educa’l Monthly.
Published by G. C. MERRIAM, Springfield.
Mass. Sold by all Booksellers in Richmond and
elsewhere. oc-25—It
ARMSTRONG CO,,
MANUFACTURERS
OP
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposit, Maryland.
BEG leave to rail the particular attention of
House-keepers, Stove dealers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee, in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would mention—
Magill’s Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa
tent Gas and Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable for Churched Schools, Stores,
Warehouses, &c.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for desciiptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock.
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Towns in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroom—
G4 Light St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3 m
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS,
UNEQUALLED
and';
BEAUTY OF TONE.
IN POWER
Prices from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ Warerooms,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
M
ASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send for illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB,
mar 8—ly j
QTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address, by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf _ Richmond, Va.
JUST PUBLISHED.
WOMEN;
OR,
Chronicles of the Late War.
BY
MARY TUCKER MAGILL.
For Sale by all the Booksellers. Price $1.75.
Mailed pre-paid upon receipt of price by
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
Publishers,
oc 18—2t Baltimore, Md.
A BOOK OF RARE HUMOR.
DUKESBOROUGH TALES.
COL. R. M. JOHNSTON.
“They rival the best of Judge Longstreet’s hu
morous sketches of character.”—Savannah Xews.
This is perhaps one of the most thoroughly en
joyable books that has been given to the public since
the days of Major Jones.’’—Charleston Courier.
Price $1.60.
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
Publishers,
oc 18—2t Baltimore, Md.
Liberal offer to sabbath
SCHOOLS AND OTHERS..
We offer the following premiums: 50 copies of
the Child’s Paper, or 50 copies of the Morning
Light, or 40 copies of the American Messenger for
one year,
For the Names of Twelve New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $24.
Premiums in the same proportion for any larger
number of subscribers.
Specimen copies sent on application, from any of
the Society’s depositories.
This offer holds till the first day of January, 1872.
ANOTHER OFFER.
For the Names of Ten New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $20, we will send by mail, postpaid, a copy
of the beautiful chromo,
ASKING A BLESSING.
This picture, which sells for $7.50, is an exact re
production in colors of the original oil painting, by
Prof. Jordan.
Specimen copies can be seen at any of the So
ciety’s depositories.
American Tract Society, 150 Nassau St., N. Y.
oct 18—tf
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons, Knives,
Clocks, Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18—ly
Attention, Agents Think of This
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
Copies of Brockett’s History of the Franco-German
War sold first 60 days. It now contains a full his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 160 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.60.
Incomplete works, written in the interest of the
Irish and French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and, for want of merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockett’s in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. Look
to your interests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, and terms excelled by none.
Address J. W: GOODSPEED CO.,
37 Park Row, N. Y., or 148 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly
SEWING MACHINES FOR THE
DESTITUTE.
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living by
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction ot ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge as a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oc 11—3in Bank Streets, Richmond, Va.
504
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
SHOE EMPORIUM,
504 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
504
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladies' Lasting Button Boots, patent leather Vamps, *s 60
Laced Boots 11 2 70
Button Boots, Kid Vamps, 8 26
1 Laced 2 60
Plain Lasting Button Boots, 2 76
Laced 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8—ly
Frederick female seminary,
FREDERICK, MD.
Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps of
Professors and Teachers,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms view of
buildings, names of Alumni, &c. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.f
au 16—ly President.
tGREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS.—Do
you want an agency, local or traveling, with an
opportunity to make $6 to $20 a day selling
our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Lines 1
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
risk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
works, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS, CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac, and with the best cutters and workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents for the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
TURNIP SEED.—Fresh and genuine—and sure
to come true to name.
RUT A RAO A, LARGE NORFOLK, J
RED TOP, WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE. FLAT DUTCH.
FLAVORING SEEDS of all kinds.
PALMER TURPIN,
No. 1626 Main street, Richmond, Va. I
ly 6—t.f
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruary 3d, 1871,) of French Calf, stitched
m
to order for $7.60. All styles, own make, for'
Gents, in store, 48 Fay'ette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
A*
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
No. 8, North Charles Street,
BALTIMORE, MD.
IMPORTERS,
PUBLISHERS,
BOOKSELLERS,
STATIONERS.
I
Dealers in Books in every Department of Literature.
Publishers ot
STANDARD WORKS,
IMPORTERS OP PINE STATIONERY.
ENGRAVING,
LITHOGRAPHING,
PRINTING.
We keep on hand, at all times, a carefully selected
stook of
CHURCH BOOKS,
OXFORD BIBLES, ^ND HYMN BOOKS,
which we sell on the most liberal terms.
Our monthly Catalogue of new Publications
mailed, free, to persons
and address,
jy 19—8m
sending ns their names
J^ISON’S TOBACCO AN
ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for
ilSON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire tor tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco cKewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrky’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
GRAHAM WILSON
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(In Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the rale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished fret ot charge,
my 24—6m
JjlRUIT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietors of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed their office to Columbian Block, (Corn Ex
change,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
and Cary streets.
The stock tor the fall trade is unusually fine,
large, and well-grown, embracing a full assortment
of Apple, Peach, Pear, Plum, Cherry, and other
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus, together with Ornamental Trees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, &c., &c.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
&ddr8S8
ALLAN JOHNSON, Gen’l Ag’ts
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.'
QARDOZO, FOURQUREAN, CO.,
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have now in store their stock of
ELEGANT SPRING GOODS,
bought entirely for cash, and will be sold at the very
LOWEST PRICES.
ap 19—tf
WOOD AND COAL.
YARD AND OFFICE
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly on rand the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
at lowest market prices,
au 4—6m J. R. F. BURROUGHS.
Baltimore mill stone manu
factory,
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smnt Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St., Baltimore, Md.
IFLES, SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GUN
MATERIAL. Write for Price List, to Gkrat
Western Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, &c., bought or traded for.
Agents wanted. jy 26—6m
TT^ATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—3m
[Established 1848]
TO THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the purity and excellence of his Bone Dust, the
subscriber has been induced to prepare a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The “Maryland” is a Rfjuvenator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the rebiduum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim for it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the market.
Price $50 per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HOllNER, Jr.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Office and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, $45,
own manufacture, in new bags Eastern and Wes
tern Bone Dust, $35, Peruvian Ouano, delivered from
Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest rates.
No charge for delivery.
au 23-ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange.
It 11-tf.
v J. W. VAN GELDER,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
HAMBURG,
feb 24—tf
ARKANSAS.
I
MPORTANT NOTICE
TO
CONSUMERS OF DRY GOODS.
AH Be tail Orders amounting to S20 and Ovor Deliv
ered in any part of the Country Free of
Express Charges.
HAMILTON EASTER A SONS,
of Baltimori, Md.,
In order the better to meet the wants of their Retail
Customers at a distance, have established a
SAMPLE BUREAU,\
and will, upon application, promptly send by mail
full lines of Samples of the Newsstand most Fash
ienable Goods, of FRENCH, ENGLISH and DO
MESTIC Manufacture, guaranteeing at all times to
sell as loir, if not at less prices, than any house in
the country.
Buying our goods from the largest and most cele
brated manufacturers in the different parts of Eu
rope, and importing the snme by steamers direct to
Baltimore, our stock is at all times promptly sup
plied with the novelties ot the London and Pans
markets.
As we buy and soil only for cash, and mako no bad
debts, we are able and willing to sell our goods at
from Tk.v to Fn-rsns fkr Cknt Lkss Profit than
if we gave credit.
In sending for samples specify the kind of goods
desired. e keep the best grades of every class of
goods, from the lowest to the most costly.
Orders unaccompanied by the cash will be sent
C, 0. D.
Prompt-Payinq Whoi.esai.k Rovers are invited
to inspect the Stock in our Jobbing and Packago de
partment. Address
HAMILTON EASTER A SONS,
197, 199, 201 and 208 West Baltimore St.,
oc 19—ly Baltimore, Md.
JOSHUA REGISTER A SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKE THE REST 11KU.S IS USE.
S3 A 53 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md.
ap 12—ly
THE MENEELY BELL FOTJNDERY.
(Established in 1826.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies,
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
country combined. All Bells war
ranted. An illustrated catalogue sent free upon ap
plication to E. A. A G. R. MENEELY,
jy 0—ly West Troy, N. Y.
my 17—ly
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,'
Established la 1837.
Superior Bells for Churches,
Schools, etc., of PnreCop*
per aiul Tin, fully war
ranted, and mounted with
our liAtest I ni pro veil
Rotary Hangings, tho
best In use.
j SjIlluttraUd Catalogue unit free*
W VANDUZEN A TIFT,
102 A101E. Bccond St., Cincinnati,
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
rpROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
I assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. An, Bulls Warranted
Satisfactory.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
1
A.
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR CO.,
88 North Howard Street, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wirb Railing for Cemeteries, Balco
nies, itc., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, Ac.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees. &c., &c.
ap 28—ly
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Exocuted.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will be promptly /died.
my 10—ly
L. P. BROCKETT’S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only eomplete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 160 spirited
illustrations, price only $2.60. 60,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man, and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.—
Terms extra, and freights prepaid.
Address HGBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 6—ly 723 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
1,000 VOLUMES,
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT I.OWEST HATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE RETAIL DEAI.ER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Eangos and Hot Air Furnaoes,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Qas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rains, all kinds and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 260 to 800
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
JOHN W. UISON,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Slain and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders. _
OC 4—tf JOHN W. RISON,