(Central pres [inter ian.
Richmond, Va., Wednesday, Dec. 13.1871.
Selected for the Central Presbyterian.
Goethe's Refutation of Deism.
TRANSUITED BY DR. 8CBATF.
What were a God who only from without
Upon his finger whirled the world about?
’Tis his within itself to move the creature;
N'ature in him to warm, himself in nature;
So that what in him lives and moves and is,
Shall ever feel some living breath of his.”
Better.
Better to weave in the web of life
A bright and golden filling,
And to do God’s will with a ready heart,
And hands that are swift and willing,
Than to snap the minute delicate threads
Of our curious life asunder,
And then blame heaven for the tangled ends,
And sit and grieve and wonder.
itouschold
\.o _
Gar Father.
a^eut the children
*r:ed to
>iv Httle voice say;
ut a! Tail the string up
She looked up, and saw a string,
•which, on being pulled, lifted a latch; and
•he opened the door upon two little, half
naked children. all alone. A erv cold and
pitiful they looked.
Do you take care of yourselves, little
ones?” asked the good woman.
“God takes care of us,” said the oldest.
“And are you not very cold? No fire on
a day like this!”
Oh When we are very cold, we creep
under the quilt, and I put my arm3 round
Tommy, and Tommy puts his arms round
me, and we say, ‘Now I lay me;’ then we
get warm,” said the little girl.
“And what have you to eat, pray?”
When granny comes home, she fetches
us something. Granny says God has got
enough. Granny calls us God’s sparrows
and we say ‘Our Father’ and ‘daily bread’
every day. God is our Father.”
Tears came in the good woman's eyes.
She had a mistrusting spirit herself; but
these two little “sparrows,” perched in that
cold upper chamber, taught her a sweet les
son of faith and trust she never will forget.
Children's Friend.
Going to Jesus.
Nearly three years ago, a noble steamer
was sinking with hundreds of persons on
board. Only one boat load was saved. As
a man was leaping into the tossing boat, a
girl who could not be taken into the boat,
and who knew that she would soon be swal
lowed up in the deep, deep sea, handed him
a note saying,
“Give this to my mother!”
The man was saved. The girl^jyith hun
dreds of other persons, was drowned. The
mother got the note. What do you think
the little girl had written in it? Here are
her words:
“Dear mother! you must not grieve for
me. I am going to Jesus.”
Dear girl! What faith and courage she
must have had to write that note!
She was going to Jesus through the stormy
waves of the angry sea, yet she was not
afraid. That is the kind of faith you need,
my reader. Well, Jesus will give it you if
you ask him, for he says, Come unto me.
I will give you rest.”
It makes dying easy to know that we are
going to the bright home which Jesus has
gone to make very beautiful. Let us get
ready for that bright home by loving Jesus.
The Dusty Room.
A young girl was sweeping a room one
day, when she went to the window shade and
hastily drew it down. It makes the room
so dusty,” she said, “to have the sunshine
coming in!”
The atoms of dust which shone golden in
the sunbeams were unseen in the dimmer
light. The untaught girl imagined it was
the sunshine which made the dust.
Now, many persons imagine themselves
very good people. One poor old man, who
had lived all his life without a thought of
love to God, said he was all ready to die.
“He didn’t owe any man a cent.” If the
Spirit of God should shine brightly into such
a heart, how do you suppose it would look?
It would show them sins enough to crush
them!
This light of the Spirit is like the sunshine
7t r i* i wha*. ..i he
r» Wh* we begin to feel un
happy about our sins, let U3 never try to put
away the feeling. Don’t let us put down
the curtain,* and fancy there is no duot. It
is the Holy Spirit’s voice in our hearts. He
is showing us ourselves; and better still, he
will show us the true way of happiness.
The Way it was Done.
We know of a lady who teaches a class of
ten in the Sabbath School, and who has her
scholars tenderly attached to her. They are
all children of German parents, none of
them church members. Her method is to
visit them once a quarter at their homes, and
once or twice a year ask them to see her.
On a recent Saturday afternoon the whole
class spent two hours with the teacher at her
own home, a simple little table of sandwiches,
fruit and cake being set for them. A3 they
bade her good evening, each received a small J
volume attractively bound and illustrated.
Only Jesus.
I love to feel the Sabbath coming, but
cannot bear to awake and find it gone. But
yet Jesus is my every-day Sabbath, and in
him I find happiness and peace all the week,
and all the year, when I am kept abiding, j
This is all I want, never to wander more or
eipect any good fr m any thing or any body,
but look for all in Jesus, in whom I now find
hca.en begun.—Buth Bryan.
The Snow-Prayer.
A little girl went out to play one day in
the fresh new snow, and when she caino in
she said:
“Mamma, I couldn’t help praying when IJ
was out at play.”
“What did you pray, my dear?”
“I prayed the snow-prayer, mamma, that
I learned once in Sunday School: ‘Wash
me, and I shall be whiter than snow.’”
What a beautiful prayer! And here is a
sweet promise to go with it: “Though your
sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as
snow.”
And what can wash them white—clean
from every stain of sin? The Bible answers:
“They have washed their robes, and made
them white in the blood of the Lamb.”
Adorning Light.
Academies as Christian Schools.
Our academies must be distinctly and em
phatically Christian schools. Says Dr. Ar
nold, of Rugby, “We need schools that are
not only founded on religion, but schools
that are religious.” The great doctrines of
ngeiioa! faith must underlie them and uer
Christian. Let this be understood
there be no reserve, no concealment here.—
The best culture for the intellect will be fur
nished, but the moral and spiritual nature
will not be neglected. The aim will be to
lay the foundations of Christian scholarship,
and to send forth pupils either to college or
to the activities of business, consecrated to
Christ. If there are parents or guardians
who do not wish to subject those under their
charge to such influences, there is no con
I straint. Other schools are open to them.—
But sending them to an academy whose char
acter and aims are known, they will have no
reason to complain. Here, after all, is our
strong, and in itself sufficient argument for
academies. We could safely rest our appeal,
to Christian minds, here. Christianity in
any proper sense cannot be taught in our
public schools. There must be silence on
the most momentous themes. Our children
are coming forward in a most perilous age.
Unbelief has a boldness, and subtlety, and
persistency, and plausibility such as we were
stangers to in our youth. It claims to have
the advanced thought, the genius, the
science, the culture of the age on its side.
Its professors and advocates look down with
contempt, or with affected pity, on those who
are still in the bondage of old beliefs. But
in our public schools no caution may be ut
tered against the errors, the skepticism, and
the downright infidelity now so prevalent in
all our communities. The teacher may be a
thoroughly Christian man, but his lips are
sealed. In this fact, we repeat, is a suffi
cient argument for academies. We need
learning, true scholarship. The Church
needs it. The nation needs it. Every in
terest dear to humanity needs it. But it is
sanctified learning. Christian scholarship,
that is needed.—Dr. Damson in the Xational
Baptist.
“Now Squirm, Old Natur.”
A stingy Christian was listening to a
charity sermon. He was nearly deaf, and
was accustomed to sit facing the congrega
tion, right under the pulpit, with his ear
trumpet directed upwards toward the preach
er. The sermon moved him considerably.
At one time he said to himself: “I’ll give
ten dollars;” again he said, “I’ll give fif
teen.” At the close of the appeal he was
very much moved, and thought he would
give fifty dollars.
Now, the boxes were passed. As they
moved along his charity began to ooze out.
He came down from fifty to twenty, to ten,
to five, to zero. He concluded that he
would not give anything. “Yet,” he said,
“this won’t do—I am in a bad fix. My
L _ r 1, AA»/k*i t>kn n Vk a m +Vtin miAotmvt
\Jk UVUIVH Uiaj vv >jwvwwvmi
This covetousness will be my ruin.”
The boxes were getting nearer and near
er. The crisis was upon him. What should
he do The box was now under his chin—
all the congregation were looking. He had
been holding his pocket book in his hand
during the soliloquy, which was half audible,
though iu his deafness he did not know that
ho vas heard. In tho agony of the final
moment, he took his pocket-book and laid it
in the box, saying to himself as he did it—
“Now squirm, old natur
This was victory beyond any that Alexan
der ever won—a victory over himself. Here
is a key to the problem of covetousness.—
Old natur’ must go under. It will take great
giving to ~ut stinginess down. A few ex
I pcrioit if.' ot puiru'g iu the who.o pocket
•u u- by and by, get the heart into the
charity box, and then the cure is reached.
All honor to the deaf old gentleman. He
did a magnificent thing for himself, and gave
an example worth imitating, besides pointing
a paragraph for the students of human na
ture.
Pride Must Fall.—When Napoleon was
about to invade Russia, a person who had
endeavored to dissuade him from his pur
pose, finding he could not prevail, quoted to
him the proverb, “Man proposes, but God
disposes,” to which he indignantly replied,
“I dispose as well as propose.”
A Christian lady, hearing the impious
boast, remarked, “I set that down as the
turning point of Napoleon’s fortunes.” God
will not suffer a creature thus with impunity
to usurp his prerogative.”
It happened, as the lady predicted, Napo
leon’s invasion of Russia was the commence
ment of his fall.
Good Temper#, with most people/depen
dent upon good health, good health upon good
digestion, good digestion upon wholesome,
well prepared food, eaten in peace and pleas
antness. A person of sensitive physique
may be nursed into settled hypochondria by
living in close rooms, where the sweet fresh
air and sunshine are determinedly shut out,
and the foul air as determinedly shut in.—
Mm Muloch.
Sayings of DeaD Swift.
The following aphoristical extracts from
the writings of the original and inimitable
wit, Dean Swift, are but specimens of the
richness of the gems that may be gathered
in that Golconda of literary wealth:
We have just enough of religion to make
us hate, not enough to make us love one an
other.
How is it possible to expect that mankind
will take advice, when they will not so much
as take warning?
Apollo was held the god of physic and
sender of diseases. Both were originally the
same trade, and still continue.
When a true genius appears in the world
you may know him by this sign that all the
dunces are in confederacy against him.
C»mplaint is the largest tribute heaven
receives and the sincerest part of our devo
tion.
The stoical scheme of supplying our wants
by lopping off our desires, is like cutting off
our feet when we want shoes.
The reason why so few marriages are hap
py is because young ladies spend their time
in making nets, not in making cages.
The latter part of a wise man’s life is
taken up in curing the follies, prejudices,
and false opinions ho had contracted in the
former
1 a writ** k.novr how to behave him
uiitt nUrU i .0 »v. wv.
aider in old books wuat he finds that he is
glad to know, and what omissions he most
laments.
Whatever the poets pictured, it is plain
that they give immortality to none but them
selves; it is Homer and Virgil we revere
and admire, not Achilles or iEneas. With
historians it is quite the contrary; our
thoughts are taken up with the actions, per
sons, and events we read, and we little re
gard the authors.
Bad Effects of Boarding House Life.
Live together and alone, if you have to go
into the desert for it, and feed on herbs!—
Abhor Sodom and Gomorrah—or boarding
houses! Men sometimes speak of the meagre
and pinched fare. Men sometimes speak of
the inconveniences, ihese are not worthy
of notice. It is not these. It is that men
learn self-indulgence there. Men learn there
not to be householders. And all the various
discipline, all that ministration of care, all
that drill of contrivance, all that drill of
cultivation, all that social independence, all
that subtle atmosphere, indescribable and
unanalyzable, which belong to the solitary
household, they miss.
No man and woman can make‘husband
and wife, father and mother, and house
holders on the pattern of their fathers, who
begin and continue their married life in this
hot-bed style of existence. And yet, they
are now unwilling to take a house that they
can afford; and they cannot afford to take
the house that they fain would live in, be
cause furniture is so dear, and virtue is
cheap; because society requires a certain
amount of appearance, you know; because
it would not do to go into the outskirts of
the town!
A log cabin is better for young married
people than the Fifth Avenue hotel would
be if they had the whole for nothing! What
you get for nothing is the least valuable of
anything. What you earn is all value.—
Under these influences, the whole of life is
written in the wrqig key. ^Ien having
started on the wrong principle they do not
get over it. They are perpetually tempted
to over live by their very affections. If there
is anything that an honorable and sensitive
man’s nature feels and cannot stand, it is
the silent comparison, by the world, of the
way she did live, and the way in which she
did live. How does this.drive men into dis
honesty? How does it drive them out of
bold willingness to live according to their
circumstances? How does it teach them to
live for other people’s eyes, and not for their
own actual needs? How does it teach them
to be more subject to vanity than love?—
Such life is hollow! Ostentation takes the
place of sincerity. And so, ere long, a man
is educated to be a rogue, and steals.
Good Health as an Element of Success.
It i3 no exaggeration to say that health is
a large ingredient in what the world calls
talent. A man without it may be a giant in
11 1 1 1 1 Ml 1 T J P
intellect, out ms ueeua wm ue me ueeua "i
a dwarf. On the contrary, let him have a
quick circulation, a good digestion, the bulk,
thews, and sinews of a man, and the alacrity,
the unthinking confidence inspired by these,
and, though having but a thimbleful of brains,
he will either blunder upon success or set
failure at defiance. It is true, especially
in this country, that the number of contours
in every community—of men in whom heroic
intellects are allied with bodily constitution
as tough as horses—is small; that, in gene
ral, a man has reason to think himself well
off’ in the lottery *of life if he draws the
prize of a healthy stomach with a mind, or
the prize of a healthy stomach without a
mind, or the prize of a fine intellect with a
crazy stomach. But of the two, a weak mind
in a herculean frame i3 better than a giant
mind in a crazy constitution. A pound of
energy with an ounce of talent will achieve
greater results than a pound of talent with
an ounce of energy. The first requisite to
success m life is to be a good animal. In
any of the learned professions, a vigorous
constitution is equal to at least fifty per
cent, more brains. Wit, judgment, imagina
tion, eloquence, all the qualities of the mind,
attain thereby a force and splendor which
they could never attain without it. But in
tellect in a weakly body is “like gold in a
spent swimmer’s pocket.” A mechanic may
have tools of the sharpest edge and highest
polish; but what are these without a vigor
ous arm and hand? Of what use is it that
your mind has become a vast granary of
knowledge, if you have not strength to turn
the key
Reading the Bible.—I will answer for
it, the longer you read the Bible, the more
you will like it; it will grow sweeter and
sweeter; and the more you get into the spirit
of it, the more you will get into the spirit
of Christ.—Romaine.
Sacrifice.—Whatsoever is dearest to us
is our Isaac. Happy are we if we can offer
it to God. They shall never rest with Abra
ham who cannot sacrifice with Abraham.
Hope is the sweetest friend that ever kept
a distressed soul company; it beguiles the
tediousness of the way—all the miseries of
onr pilgrimage.
It is impossible to calculate what a mo
mentum would be given to the work of God,
were all his people “holy, harmless and un
defiled.”
Travelling Thoughts.
1. Eat regularly thrice a day, and never
between meals.
2. Take with you one-third more money
than you calculate on spending.
3. Take small bills, rather than large, to
avoid having bad money passed on you in
change.
4. Aim to be at your place of starting at
least ten minutes before the time, and grow
merry and wise at the contemplation of the
splutterings and mishaps of those who come
in at the last minute, and half a minute
later.
5. See that your baggage is on the con
veyance before you are yourself.
6. Remember that you make your char
acter as you go along, by the quiet courtesy
of your manners.
7. Only boors are boisterous.
8. Do not let the servants excel you in
patience and politeness.
9. “Please” should commence every re
quest, and “Thanks” end every service
done.
10. A lady is always gentle; a gentleman
always composed.
11. Never argue on any subject, if there
is more than one present besides yourself.
12. Never fail to se^ ..hat person down as
ignorant or low bred, who by word, or look,
or gesture, disparages .woman, a clergy
man. Pt’de v th day. —Hall.
tt J6 S U t U
Important to Cotton Planters.
We are authorized by Mr. A. Bestwick,
of Richmond, Fort Bend county, Texas, to
state that he has discovered a certain remedy
for the dreaded cotton worm or caterpillar.
This remedy is simple, easily procured and
applied, and is as follows:
Take the Jamestown or stramonium weed
when full grown and in bloom, chop off five
stalks, leaves and bolls, fill a vessel two
ft, tk trnn/l tltna nrnnirflf 1 an
fill with water and boil slowly from one to
two hours, after which add a small quantity
of lime to clarify; then sprinkle the growing
cotton with this preparation, using a small
watering-pot or syringe, and it will kill the
worm as soon as applied. If done in time
it will destroy the egg or germ, and so poi
son the leaves that the worm will not after
wards eat them.
The abdve.jremedy was discovered last fall,
but too late to save the crops, but it was
tried and proved effectual on patches of cot
ton, on several plantations in Fort Bend.—
We have seen the certificates, given by the
owners of these plantations, stating that the
remedy proved eutirely successful in each
case.
These facts are made public now by Mr.
Bestwick, so that planters can save or culti
vate a good supply of the Jamestown weed,
and when the time comes, have no trouble or
expense in making the application and van
quishing a most relentless enemy. ‘‘Fore
warned is forearmed.”—Galveston Neivs.
How to Make a Place Prosperous.
There can hardly be a greater sign of
prosperity in a community than a disposi
tion to help one another, to lift a little when
a neighbor’s wheel gets stuck in the mud.
I knew cf a place where a man’s barn,
with all his winter stores of grain and hay
.was consumed Kj.he night. Immediately
all the menTo7ike country side mustered
and hauled up timbers for a new barn, and
then a big raising came off. After that the
sound of twenty or more hammers was heard
until the whole was shingled and sided.—
But their deed of kindness was not done yet;
one and another offered to take a head or
two of his stock and winter them for him,
thus greatly reducing his loss, and assuring
his heart of the more durable riches of
brotherly love and neighborly good will.—
No one can compute in money the value of
one such example of noble liberality in a
community, especially in its influence upon
the young. Where this spirit prevails
there is sure to bo progress, even if all
improvements are in their infancy. People
will like to come and settle in place which
bears such a good name. Now, if you de
sire to see your place a growing, popular
one, do what you can to show yourself a
good neighbor, especially to those who need
a little extra help.
If a man starts a tin shop or a black
smith’s shop in your place, don’t harness up
and drive off five miles to buy your pans and
get juUi uuAoeo otiuu, juou uttauoc jvu uuvo
been in the habit of doing it. Patronize
the new-comer, when you want anything done
in his line. Speak encouragingly to him.
and well of him to your neighbors. Little
words of approval or censure go a long way,
and when once you have spoken them, you
cannot call them back.
Help the sick, especially if they are poor,
for poverty and illness are indeed a heavy
burden. Perform all acts of loving charity
which fall day by day in your path, remem
bering who it is that has said, “Ye shall in
nowise lose your reward.”—Country Gentle
man.
A Steam Ditcher.
A steam ditching-machine recently exhib
ited at Wolverhampton, England, is stated
to be capable c4 digging a ditch two feet
deep, at the rat: of about one mile an hour.
The following itFY'gen?^! statement of its
construction: A strong frame is supported
on four wheels, the front and smaller pair
being provided with steerage gear, arid the
two hind wheels mounted on a cranked axle,
having a segment by which it can be turned.
A wire rope leads from the hauling engine
around a sheave at the front of the ditcher
and back to the hind wheel of the engine,
thus securing a double purchase. Beneath
the main frame of the ditcher is attached,
by three strong colters, a large scoop, resem
bling in form a right hand and a left hand
plow joined back to back. In digging, the
two outside colters and the share cut the
sides and bottom of the ditch, and the mass
of earth, split by the central colter, is brought
to the surface and thrown at some distance
from the margins of the cutting. The* lift
ing of the scoop is thus brought about: The
sheave over which the hauling rope passes,
at the froi%of the ditcher, communicates by
clutch with1 a small winding-drum operating
a chain which passes over the segment on
the hind axle and wheels, and throws the
scoop upward.
Sassafras oil.—In Richmond, Va., a firm
of colored persons has for two years manu
factured sa6safras-oil on a large scale. The
root is puVchased at the factory at the rate
of 30 cents per hundred pounds, and 40,
000 pounds are used per week, producing 2
per cent., or 800 pounds of unrectified oil.
Since this establishment commenced opera
tions, other factories of like description have
been started in Virginia. Sassafras-oil is
used for scenting toilet soaps, flavoring to
bacco,
•JJ-EW PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY.
W. G. R. FRAYSER
has opened a new aud splendid
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY,
IN
STEARN’S BUILDING. No. 1011 Main street,
immediately opposite the post office,
to which he invites the attention ol his
friends and the public generally.
The Gallery is fitted up in the most handsome
style, and supplied with the instruments of the new
est and most improved patterns, including
DALLMEYER’S NEW PATENT PORTRAIT LENS.
Having himself been in the business since 1852,
(latterly with Messrs. C. R. Rees A Co.,) and
i horoughly understanding it in all its depart meats,
he feels satisfied that with the aid of the competent
artists which he has in his employment, entire satis
faction will be given to his pa'rons.
Photographs will be taken in every style known
to the art, and finished in the neatest and best style.
Orders for Like-Size Pictures executed upon
canvas, finished in Oil Colors, India Ink, Crayon or
Water Colors. Also Rembrandt’s and Medallion
Cards-Devisite.
W. G. R. FRAYSER,
au 9—tf 1011 Main street.
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full stock of Enzlish and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Tiiam/'iuty. Rich Jewelry,
Sterlings Silver ft arc,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons. Knives,
Clocks. Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medalp and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs.
r\n 1 ft-1 v
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON'S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869. and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrey's, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
JTw. VAN GELDER,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
HAMBURG.
feb 24—t.f ARKANSAS.
R. H. MAURY. J. L. MAURY. It. T. BROOKE.
R. E. MAURY Co.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
No. 1014 Main Street, first house below the
Post Office,
Richmond, Virginia.
8TERLING EXCHANGE, GOLD AND SILVER,
BANK NOTES, STATE, CITY. AND
RAILROAD BONDS AND
STOCKS, Ac.,
BOUGHT AND SOLD ON COMMI83IOH.
UaJT Deposits received and Collections made on
all accessible points in the United States.
de 6—ly.
T. H. Kellogg, J. W. Gibson,
KELLOGG GIBSON.
Importers, Wholesale and Retail dealers iu
CHINA, GLASS, EARTHENWARE,
and HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS
No. 1207 Main street, Richmond, Va.
We have removedto the large and elegant Store
lately occupied by Messrs. Butler A Son, where,
witn increasing facilities and a much larger stock,
we are prepared to offer to our friends and the
public, a complete assortment of goods in our line
atf very low prices.
With grateful thanks for the very liberal patron
age extended to us heretofore, we respectfully soli
cit a continuance. KELLOGG A GIBSON,
ja 18—tf No. 1207 Main St., Eagle Square.
CALL AND SEE THE LATEST STYLES OF
RICH JEWELRY and SILVER WARE, now
opening at NOWLAN A CO.’S. New Setts, Pins
and Ear-drops, Enameled Bands, Hatikerchief Hold
ers, Bosom and Sleeve Buttons, and superb Silver
ware, for bridal presents, Pitchers, Spoons, Forks,
Goblets, Ac., Ac corner of Main and Tenth Sts.
TH03. NOWLAK. ROBT. E. MACOMBER.
NOWLAN CO.,
Corner Main and Tenth Streets, above Post Office,
Richmond, Va.
Diamonds, Fine Watches, Jewelry and
Silverware.
ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING RINGS.
Special attention given to the Repairs of Fine
Watches and Jewelry
HAIR JEWELRY made to order,
oc 13—3m
THE EARNEST WORKER.
In the Sabbath School and in the Family.
Is a weekly journal for Sabbath School teachers and
Christian parents, published by the
Presbyterian Committee of Publication,
1011 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Subscription price $1 50 per year; payment in
advance, and paper discontinued when time paid
for expires.
In connection with this journal there is published
a WEEKLY SABBiTH SCHOOL LESSON, on
the graded system, containing the same questions ns
those published in *he Children's Friend, with the
addition of a brief, comprehensive Exposition, and
other helps for parents *nd teachers.
Communications should be addressed to Rev. E.
T. Baird, I). D., Editor, and all orders sent to
J. D. K. SLEIGHT, Busiuess Agent.
THE CHILDREN’S FRIEND.
This is a Sabbath School journal, published by the
Presbyterian Committee of Publication
Richmond, Va.
It is designed to make it an instructive and enter
taining paper, f r general circulation in Sabbath
Schools, and contains nothing offensive to any
evangelical Church, lu each issue is published a
WEEKLY LESSON, ou the graded system, making
it a conveCTent me&Jfs tor family and Sabbath School
instruction.
Terms—One subscriber, one year.$ 60
Eight subscribers, to one address. 2 UO
Larger packages at same rates.
A MONTHLY EDITION is published, at one
half these priceB. Subscriptions must be paid in
advance.
Communications should be addressed to Rev. E.
T. Baird, D. 1) Editor, and orders for the paper
to J. U. K. SLEIGHT, Business Agent,
no 23—tf
JgSTABLISHED JN 1844.
BOOKS, STATIONERY, FIANO FORTES
AND MUSIC!
Book Bindery and Blank Book Manufactory!
PAPER BOX FACTORY!
The subscribers have had in operation for the last
twenty years, in connection with their Bookstore, a
first-class Book Bindery and Blank Book Manufac
tory. and within the last three years they have es
tablished a Paper Box Factory.
They are now prepared to furnish Banks, Bank
ers, Merchants, Insurance Companies, Judges, Law
yers, Clerks of Courts, Treasurers of Counties,
Sheriffs, Colleges, Schools, Registers, Assessors,
and all other persons,
BLANK BOOKS,
of any style or size, made in the best manner, and
at reasonable prices. They are also prepared to
make to order at short notice, and in large or small
quantities,
Paper Boxes of any Size or Pattern,
Such as are used by Tobacconists, Druggists, Con
fectioners, Grape Growers, Ac.
We are making every effort in our power to build
up and sustain the trade and manufactures of our
city—give employment to our own people, and keep
our money at home as much as possible We there
fore feel justified in inviting all persons who need
any article in our line of business to give us a call,
assuring them that we will do our utmost to give
satisfaction, both in the quality and price of our
goods. Respectfully,
qc 12—Um WOODHOUSE ti PARHAM.
WM. B. ISAACS. WM. 0. TATLOR. J. C. WILLIAMS.
WILLIAM B. ISAACS CO.,
BANKERS,
Corner of Main and Fourteenth streets.
DEALERS IN
COIN, STERLING, BANK NOTES, BONDS,
STOCKS, INLAND BILLS, Ac.
COLLECTIONS made on all accessible points in
the United States, Canada and Europe.
STERLING BILLS drawn on Messrs. Baring Bros.
A Co., London, from upward.
EXCHANGE on Northern Cities, payable in Coin
or Currency, in sums to suit.
DEPOSITS received, against which checks may
be drawn as with the Banks.
Office Hodus—From A. M., to 4 P. M.
an 1 1 v
DALTINIOREJW
Send fora Circular.
ap 19—ly _
[Established 1848
To THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland 5UPER-PHC$f HA'1"5’
'w 7 v fth—hrCa Tuq^iry,)
After 23 yeav (i experience in the i>c».iu«h..
iness, aM after establishing a wide reputation for
the parity and excellence of his Bone Dust, the
subscriber ha- been induced to prepare a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The Maryland” is a Kejuvenator and permanent
Improver o* the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains eaual to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being ot essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim for it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimu’ant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land,- there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the market.^
Price $50 per ton. in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant.
Office and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, $45, ?00i“dMBo«.$l4f.Do«i
own manufacture, in new bags; Eastern and Wes
tern Bono Dust, $35, Peruvian Guano delivered from
Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest rates.
No charge lor delivery.
au 23—ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
MANUFACTURERS
OF
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposit, Maryland.
BEG leave to rail the particular attention of
House keepers, Stove dealers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are aPo manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would meution—
Magill’s Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa
tent Gas und Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable fur Churches. Schools, Stores,
Warehouses. Ac.
Manufacturers of and W’holesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for df.se iptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Town-- in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroom—
til Light St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3 m
THE BEST PERIODICALS OF THE DAY.

THE GREAT
English Quarterlies,
AND
BLACKWOOD’S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE.
Republished by the Leonard Scott Publishing Co.,
140 Fulton Street, New York.
At about one third the price of the originals.
Tho Edinburgh Roview, The London Quarterly Review,
Westminster Reviow, The British Quarterly Review,
Published Quarterly—January, April, July, October,
AND
Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
(A fac-simile of the original Published Monthly.
TERMS OF SUUSCRIPTION.
For any one of the Reviews, 4 per annum.
For any two of the Reviews, 7
For auy three of the Reviews, 10
For all feur of ’he Beviows, 12
For Blackwood s Magazine, 4
For Blackwood and one Review, 7
For Blackwood and any two Reviews, 10
For Blackwood and three Reviews, 13
For Blackwood and the four Reviews, 15
Postage, two cents a number, to be prepaid by the
quarter at the office of delivery.
CLUBS.
A discount of twenty per cent, will be allowed to
clubs of four or more persons Thus: four copies
of Bluckwood or of one Review will be sent to one
address for $12 80: four copies of the four Reviews
and Blackwood for $48. and so on.
To clubs of ten or more, in addition to the above
discount, a copy gratis will be allowed to the getter
up of the club.
PREMIUMS.
New subscribers lor the year 1872 may have, with
out charge, the numbers for the last quarter of 1871
of such periodical as they may subscribe for.
Or instead of the above, new subscribers to any
two, three, or four of the above periodicals, may
have, as premium, one ol the Four Reviews’ for
1871; subscribers to all five may have two of the
‘Four Reviews’ for 1871.
Neither premiums to subscribers nor discount to
clubs can be allowed unless the money is remitted
direct to the publishers. No premiums can be given
to clubs.
To secure premiums, it will be necessary to make
early application, as the stock available for that pur
pose is limited.
Circulars with further particulars may be had on
application.
THE LEONARD SCOTT PUBLISHING CO.,
140 Fulton Street, New York.
The Leonard Scott Publishing Company,
ALSO PCBLISU
THE FARMER’S GUIDE
TO SCIENTIFIC AND PRACTICAL AGRICULTURE.
By Henry Stephens, F. R. S., Edinburgh, and
the late J. P. Norton, Professor of Scientific Agri
culture in Yale College New Haven.
Two volu. Royal Octavo. 1 GOO pages and numer
ous engravings. Price, $7; by mail, post paid, $8.
da 13—tf
ptEDEBlCK FEMALE m
"Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps ol
Professors and Teachors,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms view of
buildings, names of Alumni, &c. Address
Key. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.,
au 16—ly _President.
TTT1GS, BRAIDS AND CURLS.
J. HANEY
HAIR DRESSER, WHIG-MAKER, IMPORTER AND
MANUFACTURER OF WHIGS, TOUPEES,
BRAIDS, CURLS, 4c.
Every description of Ornamental Hair Works, for
Ladies and Gentlemen, constantly on band and made
to order at the shortest notice and moderate prices.
For any of the above named articles or information
concerning them, address J. HANKY.
141 W. Baltimore Street.
my 17_iy BALTIMORE, MD.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAILROAD —f‘n
and after OCTOBER 1st, PASSENGER
TRAINS leave Richmond (Sundays except* d; as
follows i
8:30 A. M.—MAIL TRAIN for the White Sul
phur Springs, connecting at Gordunsville with the
Orange, Alexandria and Manassas train for Wash
ington and North, and Lynchbur/ and South.
3:35 P. .n.—ACCOMMODATION TRAIN for
Gordonsville. except on Saturday, on which day it
leaves at 5 P. M. This train connects at Gordons
ville with the night trains on the Oiange. Alexan
dria and Manassas Railroad for LYNCHBURG and
WASHINGTON.
Through tickets, at low rates, sold to a*l points
North-west and South-west
Steerage tickets from Liverpop;. O <w"
Amsterdam, Antwerp,; T7*trfQ*/. a*
I Lfl l
Further inform*...
pany’a offices
No Passenger Trains are ro
A. A., JU
General Super.nttr.ueu.,
J. F. Netueiuand, General Ticket Agent,
oc 11_
187 J. 1871.
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT.
Schedule Richmond, Fredericksburg and Po
tomac Route, Going into effect June 7.
THROUGH TRAINS leaves depot, corner Byrd
and 8th streets, as follows:
The DAY TRAIN daily at 5:20 a. m. Arrives in
Washington at 12:15, Baltimore except on Sundays)
at 2:15, Philadelphia at 6:15, and New York at 10:*
20 p. m., THE SAME DAY.
n•» Itf n trm rrn TXT J ?l_ /__a_O_3_-\
J Uc muui inaui uunj via uuuuo^o;
at 8:45 p. m.
The Day Train arrives in Richmond at 2:17 p m.
The Night Train arrives in Richmond (Mondays
excepted) at 3:30a. m.
The ACCOMMODATION TRAIN between Rich
mond and Milford will be run daily (Sundays ex
cepted.) leaving the depot corner Broad and Eighth
streets, at 4:30 p m., aud arriving in Richmond at
8:42 a. m.
FREIGHT TRAINS leave on Tuisdats and
Fridays at 6:45 a. ra.
THROUGH Tickets and through Baggage Checks
to all principal points in the Northeast and North*
west.
Apply at the Company’s Office, corner of Broad
and Eighth streets. _ _
Ticket office, corner Byrd^ad|8ih streets.
jHli GENTRY,
General Tiolo^Kd Freight Agent.
Ed. T. D. Myers, (ieua^^^^vutt^.dcnt
_jeJ4_
Richmond and d\1 RAILBOAd.
CHANGE OF SCH1 .—On and after
JULY 28th, 1871, 4
GOING WEST.
Train No. 2, (Through Passenger) leaves R:ch
mond daily (except Sundays,) at 1:05a. in.; leaves
Danville at 11:03 a m.; arrives at Greensboro’ at
1:52 p. m.
Train No 6, (Lynchburg Passenger) leaves Rich
mond daily at 0.15 a. m.; arrives at Lynchburg at
5 p.m.
d rain No. 13, (Lynchburg Freight and Accommo
dation) leaves Richmond at 5:05 p m.; arrives at
Lynchburg at 4 a m. (SunHays excepted.)
d rain No. 11, (Through Mail and Express) leaves
Richmond daily at 2:40 p. m.; leaves Danville daily
at 10:44 p. m arrives at Greensboro’ daily at 1:12
p. m.
GOING east:
Train No 14, (Through Mail and Express) leaves
Greensboro’ da ly at 7:50 p. m.; leaves Danville daily
at 10:12 p. m.; arrives at Richmond daily at 5:14
a. m.
Train No. 9, (Through Pessenger) leaves Greens
boro’ daily (except Sundays) at 11:05 a. m.; leaves
Danville at 1.27 p. m.; arrives at Richmond at 8:22
p. tu.
1’rain No. 10, (Lynchburg Pessenger) leaves Lynch
burg daily at 8:30 a. m.; leaves Burkeville at 1 p. m.f
arrives at Richmond at 4 p. m.
Train No. 3, (Lynchburg Freight and Accommo
dation,) leaves Lynchburg at 10:10 p. m.; arrives at
Richmond 8:45 a. m. (Sundays excepted
Trains Nos. 2 and 11 connect at Greensboro’ with
Trains on N. Carolina Railroad for all p nuts South.
Train No. 6 and 13 connect at Burkeville with
Train on Atlantic, Mississippi, and Uhio Railroad for
all points Southwest and sjffith.
THROUGH TICKETS to all points South and
South west can be procured at the ticket office in
Richmond, and of R. F. WALKER, Agent of At
lantic, Mississippi and Ohio Railroad, No. 1325
Main street, Richmond.
JOHN R. MACMURDO,
General Freight and Ticket Agent.
T. M. R. Talcott, Engr’r and Supt. au 2—tf
Central Jlrtsbntcrian.
Office No. 1015 Main street, nearly opposite
the Post Office.
TERMS.
Three Dollars a year, paid in advance. If not!
paid within thej?r#< tico months, $4.
Postage.—twenty ceuts a year—to be paid at
the office where the paper is received.
Payments may be made to local agents wherever
practicable; all ministers of our Church are author
ised to act as such. Or by checks, Post-office money
orders, or letters Registered by Postmaster. Other
wise IT Ml'ST BE AT TliE RISK OK TUK PARTY BEND
ING ir.
Obituaries.—Charged at ten cents a line The
party sending can make the estimate by counting
eight words to a line. Payment invariably in ad-„
vance.
Communications and Let j o* iivi'*'
should be addressed to Central
12. Richmond, Va. ’ft*-
larma *f 5
5 F? J
a
s g I S m
K a O 5 S
g g 8 i° M
S

to I I
I O’1*- M M ONE WEEK.
_8_l 8 818 8 g a 8
CO 1-1
Bi»IOUCiAMh TWO WEEKS.
©Cn©C-»cn©-J
O O O Cn C Cn
C< M H h
CCiEO«Oit.K THREE WEEKS.
Cn Cn C Cn
o c
CO K. CO 00 C< CO rorR WEEK8<
S© M -4 tC -J tC
Cn Cn cn cn
CO^Mi-
CntctCOOCn Jc i*. 3[x WEEKS.
SO» Cn
_ o o_o c _
C Si M
OCCAHMW SS 2 MONTHS.
8© Cn Cn cn Cn Cn
_© _©_
tc co tc tc i-i
c tc 3 months.
8888818881
tc. I-1 _ I
it* M tc N*
COOCC|Ci-i;g MONTHS.
g 8 8 g 81 g II
rf* tC _ I I
SO c 00 C* O' wv I N. I
c c I** 00 tc I C j qjjj TEAR.
g 8 8 8 8_ 8 8181_
The above terms give the privilege of changing
once in three months. For more frequent changes,
the cost of composition—which is about twenty
cents an inch—will be added.
Advertisements inserted every other week, to he
charged 10 per cent, additional.
Those containing cuts, to be charged 25 per
cent, additional.
Special notices, to be charged 25 per cent, addi
tional,