___
Central pitstoterian.
REV. WILLIAM BROWN. D. D., Editor.^
Richmond, Va., Wednesday, Nov. 8,1871.
ECCLESIASTICAL MILLINERY.
Among the questions which seem to have
exercised the late Episcopal Convention in
Baltimore, was the momentous one of “the
gown.” Now, as a Presbyterian, we have
no disposition to make war on this as a vest
ment for a minister. The Geneva gown
was universal in Calvin's time, and is to this
day among Presbyterians all over the conti
nent of Europe. The same, we believe, is
true as to Scotland and England. Not a few
use it in this country. Personally we do not
admire it and would not be bound to use it
habitually. But if ministering occasionally
to a congregation where the omission would
be to the discomfort of the people, we should
act as Paul would have done. His example
and advice make duty plain in such a case,
where no principle is compromised. A\e
should be sorry to think that the line of
separation between Presbyteries and Epis
copalians was no broader a:*l deeper than
such a question as this.
But to return to the Convention. In the
report of the five Bishops appointed in 1868,
and published in the Central Presbyterian of
October 2.">th, they recommended a “canoni
cal provision touching the dress appropriate
to clergymen,” and among a variety of things
composing his ward-robe was, a black cas
sock, not reaching below the ankles. W hat
any Bishop, Priest, or Deacon would ever
want with one longer than that we do not
stop to inquire. Most people would think
one stopping, Bloomer-wise, about the knees
would answer all practical purposes more
conveniently. What can be the matter with
our bpiscopal brethren that a legislative
prohibition is gravely proposed prohibiting
them to enlarge the borders of their gar
ments" (as did the Pharisees) lower down
than the ankles *Do they wish to go sweep
ing through the church with an appendage
that will lead an admiring crowd to exclaim,
as the traveller did in describing the chame
leon—“AW what a length of tail behind!”
But, as good old John Owen would say,
“this is none of our concernment." We
leave the exciting question whether it shall
be lawful for the parsons gown to go below
his ankles to those who are compelled to
wear them, and go on to tell a little more
about how this grave and venerable body
was exercised in its legislation about the
matter, as it came up in another shape. It
was this: The Rev. Dr. Craik, of Kentucky,
President of the House of Deputies, having
introduced the subject, the committee on Can
ons brought in. one for establishing “Lay
Readers" to conduct worship in the absence of
the Rector—a very good thing in its way. And
it may be said here that in the course of his
remarks and those of others, some sugges
tions and facts were elicited which Prebyte
rians would do well to act upon more exten
sively than they have ever done. But among
the questions on this subject debated in the
Convention the most exciting one was on
that part of the report which provides that
this lay reader, “shall not assume the dress
appropriate to clergymen ministering in the
congregation." Dr. Craik moved to amend
thus: He may use a distinctive dress other
than that of the clergy, when ministering in
a vacant congregation or mission, or when
assisting a rector or other minister in any
public worship in the Church."
Mr. Madge of Massachusetts wished to be
informed what the “dres3 appropriate to a
clergyman ministering in a congregation" is.
Dr. Craik considerately said he did not
“like to go into tailoring, and thought these
matters had better be left to each neighbor
hood and to the tastes and economies of each
congregation." “Ithiuk we may as well
leave it at large. There can be no harm in
it. Some may wear a cassock, some one
thing, some another, anything that will be
distinctive. A ribbon would be distinctive
for that matter." The idea here is so much
in keeping with the platitudinous action oi
the Convention on Ritualism, that oue is al
most tempted to inquire whether Dr. Craik
did not purposely shape it so as to have the
correspondence between the two complete;
“some one thing, some another.”
Rev. Dr. Hanekle, of Virginia, questioned
“the wisdom of these provisions.” “It does
9eem to me that we are about to introduce a
fourth order of the ministry, or at least we
shall be understood to do so by our people.
Our people are not very discriminating in
these matters, and if you have a public ser
vice for setting a^art this order of men, it
will not be distinguished in their minds from
ordination. But you have acted upon that.
The wearing of a distinctive dress will go to
confirm that impression; and where will
stand the ruling of our Church, that those
who rea 1 Holy Scripture and ancient au
thors" find three orders of the ministry? I
vouch for it, that in a few years nine-tenths
of our people will believe in four orders of
the ministry.’’ But Dr. Watson of North
Carolina, and Dr. Jackson of Connecticut,
thought it would not have such an effect.
Other members delivered their opinions sage
ly, but the one who struck the nail exactly
on the head was Key. Dr. Morsell of Dela-
ware, and we give ni3 speech entire for the
edification of our readers: 1
Rev. Or. Morsell of Delaware. Before the
vote is taken, l should like to inquire something 1
about the uature of this dress. In the report ol
the Bishop in regard to the dress that should be
worn by ministers, I believe they said the surplice
was to come down to the feet What kind of a
dreas is thi- to be? How far is it to come down?
Down to the ankles! What is to be the color of 1
it,—black, blue, or green? Possibly these gentle- I
men might have the right to wear the chasuble or
alb, and other things that some gentlemen have
spoken of. It might possibly help us if some of s
the gentlemen conversant with ecclesiastical mil
linery would get a pattern of the cloak that Paul 1
left at Irons, or. if they could get a pattern of the
kind of garment in which Philip preached, and
which the other laymen of Scriptures used. While
we are about it, why not extend this matter to 1
choristers and the ladies singing in choirs? Why j
not have a kind of dress for all persons engaged in
religious observance? Why not resolve this body
nto a grand committee of ecclesiastical regalia, fi
ind have the whole question settled and have
everybody “deoently habited.’ [Laughter.] 1
•annot, for the life of me, see why we are so par- a
ticular about the garments of laymen. r
Then another question is, who is to Pjy
these things? Will the vestry provide funds. ill
it be done by ladies’ aid societies, or will it be done
by the unwonted liberality of the gentlemen them
selvos figuring in these new garments and inviting
the admiration of all, male and female? ^Laugh
ter.] I know there are some lay readers who would
never enter upon the order if the expense of dress t
was to be taken into oonsidertion.
But, sir, to treat the subject in a more serious
manner, there are marg. of our lay readers who
would never wear this dress and who would be pre
vented from acting as lay readers by the very fact j
that they were required to wear it Sir the Amen-
can people are not to be humbugged in this way.
It seems to me that the vhole matter is beneath
the dignity of ecclesiastic' legislation, and, in my
opinion, it the Preside*' of the Convention has i
left his Chair only for ih4' purpose, he might, with
a better grace, have kc*-’ it.”
REPORTS OP ECCLESIASTICAL
MEETINGS.
_
The fact cannot escape those who keep an
eye upon passing events that the proceed
ings of ecclesiastical bodies attract far more
attention now than formerly. Thirty years
ago the secular press made only a brief notice
of them, often none at all. Now it is
different, and not v f^w contain full and in
teresting repoit. r they are quick to dis
cover, and prom;1 supply what the pub
lic wish to read, the fact referred to indicates
an increasing public interest in these religi
ous assemblies. The religious papers also
contain reports now such as were not found
a good while ago. There can be no question
that this may be used as an important means
of diffusing truth, in awakening the attention
and quickening the zeal of our churches. A
good debate or a good speech in any of these
meetings is always eagerly read; by some
because they like that sort of intellectual
collision by others because also they per
sonally know some of the speakers. It will
commonly excite far more interest than if
the same were in the form of an ordinary
article. On this account it becomes a mat
ter of growing importance to use these oc
casions wisely and effectually for a good end.
Let those who speak remember their re
sponsibility, and say nothing they will regret.
And let those especially to whom God has
given the power to speak well, and whose
names carry much weight with the public,
endeavor to use this great gift, not for osten
tation, but “for the edifying of the body of
Christ.” A well prepared speech of ten or
fifteen minutes, may be blessed not only to
the ministers, elders and Christians who
hear it, but may be read by fifty thousand
people, in the crowded city or in the
secluded mountain home, and may produce
a wider and more lasting impression than
the sermon preached on the same occasion—
much as this chosen ordinance of God is to
bo esteemed.
The business of reporting also becomes
every year of more consequence; for the use
fulness of the proceedings depends, of course,
very much upon the extent to which the pub
lic becomes acquainted with them. But it is
not always an easy matter to secure a really
good report. There are but few persons,
trained to stenography, who can make one,
and good stenographers are rare. Having
often felt the perplexity, we speak from ex
perience. Without stenographic attainments
we would be able still to make a tolerably
satisfactory account of a meeting of the
Synod of Virginia, for instance, if other
things were not in the way. But how can a
member bear a part in the usual work of
committees, attend to all the money matters
brought to his attention, both in as well as i
out of doors, take down notes of discussions,
copy papers, and then sit up till after mid
night to make out a fair copy for his paper?
It turns
ful refreshing into a sort of purgatory. Few
of our religious papers have an income ena
bling them to be always employing a paid
reporter.
But we started with the intention to say
something of the excellent report of the pro
ceedings of the recent General Convention
of the Episcopal Church in Baltimore. The
Churchman, (published in Hartford, Conn.,)
published in Baltimore a Daily paper, which
gave great satisfaction; so much so as to j
elicit a vote of thanks, connected with high
commendation. Attention was drawn by J
Rev. Dr. Haight of New York, and ex-
Governor Stevenson of Kentucky, to the
§reat value of such a production, ten copies j
^bouud) were ordered to be preserved, and
Messrs. Mallary Co., were requested to
nake similar arrangements for reports in a
future. Having read this detailed report
with care we can say that it seems to deserve a
ill the commendations bestowed. We con- e
iider ourselves fortunate in obtaining a copy n
it the subscription price of $1.50. Only a
few remain in the publishers hands, which he
xlvert'.zea P^ in a hound volumo of 000 j
]uarto pages, at $10 a copy. The interest c
felt in the discussions and action (or non ac- 1
:ion) on ritualism, makes this report of great s
?alue. We shall probably treat our old
’riend of the Southern Churchman to many t
i precious morsel from these debates between i(
;his time and the next General Convention, d
But much as has been said in praise of this a
Daily Churchman, when the publisher claims a
;hat the report “is absolutely without paral- r
el in our Church press”—we beg leave to t
dissent. We venture to say that for com- c
)lete accuracy it was surpassed by the report d
>f the proceedings of the Synod of Virginia j3
n 1ST0, made for the Central Presbyterian
)y the Rev. George L. Wolfe, a member of t;
he Synod, and the report he made of the a
)roceedings of our last General Assembly, c
published in the Central, the Southern, and
he South' Western Presbyterian papers.—
rhis was made by himself alone, and there
s evidence on the face of the two reports b
hat it is far more accurate than that of the 01
Thurchman—though it is only fair to con-
ider that the former was made in a weekly,
vhile the latter appeared in a daily paper, tl
if a more accomplished reporter than brother
Volfe can be found, we have never heard of
11
dm; and while holding the office of a minis- s<
er of the Word—the highest office on earth
-we wish there was some way by which his b
ne attainments in the stenographic line
ould be made completely available in the
iffasion of evangelical truth through the
ress.

THE BISHOPS ON BAPTISMAL
REGENERATION.
The declaration of the Bishops of the Episcopal
zhurch that the word “regenerate” in their bap
ismal service does not determine a “moral
hange” in the recipient of the ordinance, seems
o be very far from giving quiet. When it was
mblished there was a gratified feeling among many
n other Christian communions, supposing upon a
lasty view that the declaration committed the
bishops completely against the whole mass ol error
protected by that word. Others saw at once that
t was only one of those dodges which even good
Den will sometimes resort to when they find them
jelves in a dilemma. In saying this we do not
mean to say these Bishops meant to practice a dc
jeption. They felt that they must do something,
rhe petition of nine of their own number, and the
Bitensive petitions from others in their commun
ion to get from the Convention a canon allowing
to troubled consciences the use of another word in
the baptismal service, demanded some action.
We have seen the result. Its effect is what might
have been anticipated. The Episcopalian (Low
Chxirch) holds decided language. It says:
“The general drift and \yeight of the Conven
tion was favorable to the views of the advanced
men in doctrine and ritual. The canon or ritual,
as will be seen when we come to report it next
week, was not passed by the House of Deputies.
The vote was close, but they were not able to place
any limit to the usages which arc getting more and
more extensively in vogue.
We remember that the conservative High and
Low-Churchmen prophesied that Ritualism would
be exploded, expunged, and banished at the Gen
eral Convention. The Ecclesiastical politicians
agreed to bear down upon the Romanizers and the
Revisionists, and were confident both would be
emphatically crushed. But we think they must
have their eyes open to the real extent, progress,
and influence which the Tractarian, Sucramenta
rian. and Sacerdotal system has made and has ex-'
orted in our communion. With all their united
forces, they were unable to pass any canon against
that system. They found many of their partizans
coming very near the Ritualists in sentiment, and
actually voting in their favor. For non-action was
all the “advanced catholics” aimed at; all they
engineered for; all they promised to their followers.
They said they wanted no changes, no canons, no
pronunciamcntos; all they asked was to be let
alone. And if three years have sufficed to accumu
late so much power and influence as to thwart and
foil the house of Bishops, and to prevent legisla
tion, legal or political, against them, they must
feel encouraged to proceed till the evil leaven has
leavened the whole mass of our Church. The
friends and advocates of the system have lost
neither men nor means, and have eudured fierce,
well sustained and skillful assaults ou their lines.
They still hold the position, and have not had their
citadel stormed and carried.
The resolution to leave to the “paternal counsel
and advice of the Bishops to secure the suppression
of all that is irregular and unseemly, and to pro
mote greater uniformity in the public worship of
the Church and in the administration of the" ordi
nance of Baptism and the Lord’s Supper, will not
have much effect on the evils complained of. For
it is well known that some of them are favorers of
Ritualism and its chief promoters. The prospect
is that many of them will be brought over to that
side, or rather advanced on that side a little further.
More will be induced to be neutral, more to be
hopeful and charitable, and courteous towards the
erroneous system. Hence we shall not be disap
pointed in finding their orgajis jubilant over their
success. They will gather up the wounded, bury
the dead, and strengthen tho bulwarks of their
position, while the sapping and mining goes on.
They will have the Prayer-book intact, skillfully
and perfectly adapted to their Sacramentarian sys
tern, unharmed by the “Declaration,” unaffected
by any alteration in text or explanation in form,
arrangement, or rubric, and why should they not
be pleased and encouraged?
It is perfectly evident from tho well known pub
lished views of some of the3e very Bishops siguing
this declaration, as well as the views of standard
Iters in their Church that tbeg? do u®t intend hy
this declaration to deny that a spiritual change is
wrought upon the child in baptism. Ouc of the
Bishops in this Convention, as wo understand,
jives this same view. At another time we propose
;o examine a little this dclu-ive distinction they
Iraw between a spiritual and a moral change. At
present we are giving information as to the way in
vhich this declaration is received in their own
Jhurch. The Episcopalian says: “It has ‘quieted
he consciences’ of neither High Churchmen nor
Low Churchmen, and in some pulpits there has
>een thus early no backwardness in promulgation
)f the fact.”
The Church Weekly, the organ of the Ritualists,
ipeaks very plainly:
“The House of Bishops having undertaken to
jive a definition, we beg to ask of them what a
niuer, for instance, would say it he submitted an
>re, unknown to him, to an analytical chemist, and
ihoold be told, by way of answer, that it was not
ron? How much wiser would the miner be?—
\nd how much wiser, how much more satisfied,
ire our Low-Church brethren after the Episcopal
lefinition to which we refer?
“There is no law, cither earthly or Divine, to
lompel our Venerable Fathers to define either this
ir that doctrine. It remains with them to deter
nine the occasion whit h calls for a Definition. But,
laving once undertakcu—under solemn conviction,
ve presume, of the greatness of the emergency—
o depart so far from their usual habit as to make
Definition, all their sons in the Faith, all Church
nen interested in the reputation of our Bishops as
heologians, and as men of ordinary courage, had
he right to expect that these, our Right Reverend
i'athers, would put forth a Definition which should
ie a Definition. Bnt alas! the House of Bishops
lave put forth a Definition which is no Definition!
hey protend to deUne, and yet they do not define
’here is not a Churchman, however ignojant of
heology, who does not laugh in his sleeve at this
rseudo Definition.”

The Communion Question.—Wc commend the
rticle of the Rev. George B. Taylor to the consid
ration of our readers. It is cheerfully inserted
ut of personal regard for the writer, as well as on
ccount of its excellent spirit. We are obliged how
ver to say candidly that we do not see that it re
loves at all the essential difficulty between us.—
Ve readily admit that brother Taylor is prepared
“participate in various religious services with
s,” and have not the shadow of a doubt that in
colinlog to commune with u?, he acts under a
onscientious conviction,” and that conviction,
owever sadly mistaken we regard it, “we will re
pect,” to the utmost length of Christian charity,
n short, we give such brethren credit for all tho
ood feeling they possess, and would make to it
lie most liberal response. But where docs it all
save us? We are obliged to say that as to the
lain point, if we understand it, Roman Catholics
nd High-Church Episcopalians can go just as far
s brother Taylor. Many Roman Catholics and
11 Episcopalians could join with us in “various
jligious services,” and honestly declare that
bey do not unchristianizo” us. But they are
onstrained by “conscientious convictions” from
enying to our Church the valid authority of its
linistry. A careful inspection of Mr. Taylor’s
itter will show that while claiming for himself and
thers that they do not unchristianize us, he en
rdy avoids the question whether he does not, as
large portion of Baptists do, completely wn
\urch us, so far at least, as the valid character of
ur ministry is concerned. So then, with all that
so admirable in the loving spirit of the letter, if
e understand the question, there is not a so-called
successor of the Apostles” in the land, who is
stter entitled to be called a High Church Epis
)palian,” than the amiable writer of this article
to be regarded as a High Church Baptist. If
iis representation docs him any injustice we shall
s sincerely gratified to be put into possession of
ie materials for its correction. i
The Edinburg U. P. Prosbytery, at its last meet-
ig, presented the Signor Gavazzi a sacramental 1
srvicc, which had been obtained by subscription,
ir the use of the Free Italian Church in Rome,
f which Signor Ravi is pastor. Signor Gavazzi i
riefly acknowledged the gift, 1
h '»tter of Mr. Che
ney to :hurch in Chiea
?o was not ill gratify many.
But the same pa lat as all of the
funds collected in j&kp’ vhes are ordered
by the Baltimore C**, ue placed in the
hands of Bishop V.\. .t is “not likely
that any part of the collect. ill reach any un
der Mr. Cheney’s care.’’ It nerefore suggested
by that paper that some spec*:-! efforts should be
made for the people who have ocked together un
der the shelter of that church Mr. CheDey says:
My own people are. raa of them, utterly
ruined. But our church is -ft. Ai any ot our
congregation whoso places ot business were de
stroyed still have their homes spared. But you
cannot realize the character of-this fire by compar
ison with au.v other conflagration noted in history.
Perhaps the best idea of its extent is conveyed by
saying that it covered an area about as large as the
whole ot New York City, from the City Hall to the
southern limit of Central Park.
But we are lull of hope. Already the ruins are
literally alive with laborers. Buildings are spring
ing up everywhere, and in five years every trace of
ruin will be obliterated.
Already we are able to discern some good spring
ing out ot the judgment of God. We thank Him
that families in which children were hastening to
ruin by extravaganco are con* -aiued to economize,
We thank him that He ho inspired the whole
land with such unheard of *iero?ity. Our eyes
fill with tears upon the men*' mtion of the names
of the other cities of this ntry. Excuse the
haste and incoherence of P rawl, for no one at
a distance can appreciate t fusion in the midst
of which I write.”
Installation.—The B I S. 1>. Johnston has
been installed pastor of jfi,'<bron church in Gooch
land county, Va. Saturda- the 4th inst., being
very inclement, the service? >ok place on the fol
lowing day. The Rev. B. I. Smith, one of the
committee appointed by the Presbytery of West
Hanover conducted all the services of the occasion,
after which the communion was administered by
the pastor. Mr. Johnston takes charge of Hebron
and Bird churches, and with encouraging pros
pects. Our churches there have had, in common
with many others, some hard trials to pass through.
Now let them stand fast “in one heart and one
mind, striving together for the faith of the gos
pel,” and they may expect to see better days. A
courageous.spirit, strengthened by a true faith has
always “wrought righteousness and subdued king
J_ 11
uuwn.
Rev. R. R. Houston has taken charge of the
Presbyterian church in Fincastlo, and correspon
dents will address him there.
1 T—
RECENT PUBLICATIONS.
Tue British Quarterly Review for October.—
Through the Leonard Scott Publishing Company,
140 Fulton St., New York. Contents:
Dr. Carl Ullmau. Aerial Voyages. Early Suffer
ings ot the Free Church of Scotland. The Romance
of the Rose. Letters and Letter Writing. Wesley
and Wesleyanism. Mr. Darwin on the Origin of
Man. The Session.
hoa the Central Presbyterian.
Synod of Nashville.
The Synod of Nashville met in the First Pres
byterian church of Knoxville, at 71 P. M., and
was organized by the election of Rev. W. 11. Ver
nor, of the Presbytery of North Alabama, Mod
erator, and Revs. J. II. McNeilly and A. Cowan,
Clerks.
Revs. J. L. Wilson of the Synod ot South Car
olina, J. R. Wilson of the Synod of Georgia, E.
T. Baird of the Synod ot Virginia, and C. II.
Wiley of the Synod of North Carolina, were in
vited to sit as corresponding members.
The greater part of the first day was devoted by
the Synod to these brethren to present the respec
tive interests they represent.
The Synod recownaende^thc interests of Colum
bia Seminary to the benevolence and liberality of
the churches, declining to take any official action in
the case.
The Synod heard with much interest the ad
dresses of Drs. J. L. Wilson and Build. A fresh
interest in the matters they presented, we feel sure
was awakoued in the heart of every member of
Synod. We thank these brethren for their annual
visits, and hope that their presence and counsel
will be spared to us all many years.
By consent of Synod, the boundary lines be
tween North Alabama and Nashville Presbyteries
were changed so as to add Franklin county to
Nashville Presbytery. Revs. J. B. Shearer, prin
cipal,' with Rev. J. M. P. Otts, alternate, were
appointed to preach the annual sermon next fall.
Subject, The relations of collegiate education to
the Church."
Clarksville, Term., was chosen as the place, and
7] o’clock, P. M., as the time for the next meet
ing of Synod. [Time not mentioned.—Cen. Pres.]
A communication from the Synod of Tennessee
(Northern) offering to exchange sympathies and
goodwishes was received and answered in a similar
spirit.
Report on Narrative exhibited a very encourag
ing increase of the grace of giving; the addition
of over two hundred members in two of the Pres
byteries, the organization of eight new churches
in the fmir Preshvteries. and the ereetinn nf seve
ral new buildings. This report showed the very
gratifying fact that there are only three or four
non-professors among the 'students in attendance
on King’s College.
Report on Stewart College shows 110 students
in attendance on its sessions this year, against 65
this time last year. The financial condition of the
College is encouraging. Prof. Legare was elected
to the Chair of Greek. The College has a corps
of six professors, and expects to add a seventh
soon. Commissioners were assessed by the Synod
to confer with other Synods of the West, on mat
ters recommended by the last General Assembly.
Commissioners, Rev. J. B. Shearer, J. H. Bryson,
and elder D. N. Kennedy.
A paper from an e ler of Maryville church, pro
posing to turn over -e College at Maryville with
ill its appurtenant o its present occupants, was
not concurred in. present occupants are our
beloved brethien the Northern Presbyterian
Church, who do nc old it by your leave."
Death of Charlotte Elliott.
This eminent Christian lady, known as the au
thor of some of the most delightful hymns in the
English language, died at her home in England,
September 22d, 1871. The people of God helped
3n their way to heaven by the hymn—“Just as I
im, without one plea,” &o., will be found at last a
“multitude whom no man can number.” The
London Record gives a warm tribute to her mem
3ry and her writings. It says:
“It is not too much to say that no Christian
poet ever did more to awaken the souls of sinners
and point them to Christ. Thousands in all parts
sf the world have received, through the words of
the hymn, “Just as I am,” into their hearts, the
saving truths of the gospel, and have found there
the peace and comfort which can only flow from
the truth as it is in Jesus. To have written that
sne hymn is a far higher honor than to have worn
i crown, and many will call her blessed for the
•weet and comforting assurance which it conveys.
To all who have derived comfort and encour
agement from her writings, it will be a source of
thankfulness to know that she passed through deep
waters and the valley of the shadow of death, lean
ing on the arm of that Saviour and friend of whose
xll-sufficiency and preciousness she has so wonder
fully and beautifully written. Being dead, she yet
ipeaks, and will oontinue whilst our language lasts,
:o speak of the power of Christ’s blood to cleanse
md his grace to-sustain. To all she has written
>n this subject, there is now the added testimony
>1 her own experience in the time of sickness and
n the hour of death.”
Amherst College has a beneficiary fund of $70,000,
lot a cent of which can be received by any student
vho uses tobacco or intoxicating liquor of any sort.
For the Central Presbyterian. d
a
SAN FRANCISCO. S
San Francisco, Oct. 2, 1871. c
Dear S,—Our first business after reaching the
city was to find the beat hotel. As thoro were at
least four or five brut, we had some difficulty in
choosing. Our choice was the “Lick House,” on
Montgomery St, the Broadway of San Francisco. K.
We were told that this hotel had the finest dining
room in the United States, and this decided us, as fi
our appetites had wonderfully improved on the
journey. The building is of greyish stone, and
covers a large area, but is not so handsome or im
posing as the fine hotels in the eastern cities. It
is only three stories high. The buildings ar« gen- p
erally lower than in the eastern cities on account of
the earthquakes which endanger those that are
very high. These earthquakes, which are little
more 1
occur in the fall just about the time of the autum-
nal rains. People dread them not more than we
do our thunder storms, and they are actually not r
as destructive. I have now had five days (one a 1
Sabbath) in the city, and have surveyed it in its 1
length and breadth. It is not on the Pacific, nor
is it on a low and level site like most seaport towns.
It is on a high and bold peninsula, which is more
than five miles across westward to the ocean.— 1
There are two peninsulas, one stretching towards
the north, and the other south. Between them,
not more than a mile wide, is the Golden Gate, i
the entrance to the Bay. San Francisco is on the 1
north-cast point of the southern peninsula. These 1
peninsulas which separate the water* of the ocean i
from the Bay contain lofty hills, and a part of’ the
city is built on hills as steep as any in one of our i
inland towns. Except that the Bay is too large, 1
so that when strong winds blow from the south it
becomes quite rough, the city would have one of
the finest harbors in the world. When you see
how this Bay is shut in by these high peninsulas 1
with only a narrow gate to enter, and that guarded
by islands, it seems that this was intended to be 1
the site of a great city. There are no fine parks
or public squares. The Plaza and Washington
Square are the principal, and they are both smal
and unattractive. Many of the citizens go to Oak- 1
land across the Bay for recreation. This is a much
more beautiful place than San Francisco, situated j
in a natural grove of live oaks (hence its name,) i
and may become quite as important a place.
Nothing here interested me more than the
markets. I visited two, both of which were very
fino. and quite novel to an Eastern man. The
fruits, the vegetables, the fish and the game were 1
all different from wbat we see in our cities. The
oysters are brought from Oregon, and are small
and indifferent. J here are quails, answering to
our partridges, except that they are of darker
plumage and have a tuft of feathers on the top of
the head like the peacock. But the fruits are the
pride of the California markets. Grapes, pears,
peaches, apples, strawberries, (in September,)
melons of all kinds and plums make an exhibit not
to be surpassed. I doubt whether any other coun
try can grow such grapes and pears. The peculiar 1
climate and soil of the country seem perfectly
adapted to produce these fruits. California grapes
and pears are retailed on the road all the way from
Omaha, and even from Chicago. I am almost
afraid to tell you how large and how good they are,
lest you should think thero was some exageration.
It is an easy matter to pick up a cluster of grapos
in the market that will weigh from two to three
pounds, and they are as much superior in appear
ance and, I think, in flavor, to our Isabellas, Con
cords and Delawares, as there are to the common
wild grapes.
Early iD the morning after our arrival, I went to
a broker, and exchanged our greenbacks for gold,
and then hurried down to the office of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company to purchase a ticket to
China, select a stateroom, and make other neces
sary arrangements for E’s passage. I had a letter
to the agent from the Vico President of the Com
pany in New York, and that was an advantage
both pecuniarily, and in other respects. It saved
me thirty dollars, enabling me to get the ticket for
$270 (gold) instead of $300 tbe usual price. The
ship, Great Republic, was lying at her wharf, near
the office, and all hands were busy in putting her
in complete order for the vojage, for which she
was to be ready by noon Saturday. The steward
showed me everything about the vessel, and was
very proud, as he had reason to be, of his fine ship.
It will carry 1,220 passengers of' all sorts, of whom
ISO arc cabin or first class. One of these steamers
goes on the first day of every month to Japan and
China, reaching Japan in twenty-eight days, and
China a few days later. Notwithstanding the great 1
dangers of the sea, they make their trips with won
derful regularity. The Great Republic left on the
30tb, (as October 1st was Sunday.) Seldom has
any vessel carried out so many missionaries as this
did on this voyage. The agent seemed surprised
at the number, and asked me wnat had turned up
that the Church was sending so many. When i
men, and women too, go for gain and pleasure, as 1
multitudes do, it seems natural enough, but there
is astonishment when a whole dozen go, as in this
instance, to preach the gospel of salvation.
Even more than the missionaries, the Chinese
mandarins, who had been to Frauce on an embas
sage, on account of the Tiensin outrage, and were
returning home on the Great Republic, attracted
attention. A great many of the Chinese from the j
city, both male and foraalc came to do them honor.
They needed sympathy, as the French government
notwithstanding all its reverses would not even lis-
ten to any proposal to abridge the privileges of its
citizens in China. This turn out of the Chinese
gave us a good opportunity to see them, and espe- l
cially the women in their gay attire. The women j
are all ugly, (the Chinese I mean,) and their dress,
especially the head gear and shoes, gives them a r
stiff and awkward appearance. On their little
round bottom shoes, which most of them wear slip- i
shod, they shuffle along in a most ungraceful man- J
ner. These shoes are positively worse than our t
high heels. The men are better looking, (you
know it is not so with us,) and their dress is very
becoming, except only the shoes and caps, which
many of them have put aside for boots and felt
hats like ours. None of them wear the stove pipes. c
Their sacks, frocks, and easy fitting pantaloons, t
which are not bags as the pictures make them, are
graceful, and must be comfortable. When made, j
as is often the case here, of black broad cloth, it is
a handsome dress. There are some prosperous 1
Chinese merchants in San Francisco. They occu- r
py a large part of Sacramento street, and give it
quite a heathenish aspect, and not an enviable 8
reputation. I went into several of their stores, and t
bought some pictures and a few toys from Chy J
Lung Co., 640 Sacramento street, who gave me
their card and asked me to send my friends to H
them, who might want embroidered silk shawls, 'J
grass cloth, satin aprons, or any kinds of Chinese s
goods, and I hereby recommend them to you and j
all friends who may visit this city, as very polite, 'j
and apparently honest trndesmen. i
Messrs. Wing, Wo, Sang Co., 720, are whole- r
sale tea merchants, and do a large business. I 1
went into their house and found two men seated in s
the middle of the floor counting Mexican dollars, c
There was almost a bushel of coin and they counted
it with a dispatch which wa« astonishing, and now
and then, they would throw aside a piece that was r
light or in some way suspicious. Oo the counter
was a calculating box like the one we have, and I n
asked a man to explain to me the mode of using b
it, which he did very politely and very volubly, so n
that I was just as wise afterwards as before.
On the Sabbath I went to hear Dr. Scott, and j
dined with him. He has a new, but growing c
church. It was organized only last year, and al- ci
ready there is a large congregation. The city is
well supplied with churches, of which ten are Pres
byterian. But some of the streets on the Sabbath it
present very much the same appearance as on other si
ays. A great many stores were open as usual, j
nd all the places of amusement. As you go west
abbath desecration increases, and in San Fron
isoo it is almost as1 bad as the continent of Eu
upft. The temptations to draw away the people
•om hallowing the Sabbath are constantly incrcas
ig, and unless the friends of true religion and of
ood morals, do their utmost, the blessings of the
labbath will soon in a large measure be gone.— i
tlrcady you may hear the prediction that the next
reat battle in this country will be fought in re
ard to the Sabbath. W. T. 11.
m 9
Another Great Publishing Enterprise.
Students of Theology and Philosophy of every
cliool will read with profound satisfaction the an
louneement of a new and complete Theological
nd Philosophical Library, edited by such eminent
uthorities as Drs. Henry 11. Smith and Philip
Ichaff (Charles Scribner Co., New York, pub
ishers.) This series, preparations lor which have
leen made by both editors and publishers during
everal years past, is intended to f urnish compen
lious text-books upon all the main departments of
theology and Philosophy, especially adapted to the
rants of ministers and students in all denomjna
ions; in a word, a simplified yet full aud sufficient
ipp&ratUB of study.
Some of the works will be translated from the
jerman and other languages; others will be based
ipon treatises by various authors; some will be
vritton for the Library by English or American
cholars. The aim will be to furnish at least one
ondensed standard work on each of the scientific
livisions of Theology and Philosophy, giving the
esultsof the best critical investigations, excluding,
lowever, such histories and commentaries as ex
end through many volumes.
Among the subjects comprised in the Library
vill be
Biblical Theology.—In/fpductions to the Old
ind New Testaments; a Critical Edition of the
ireek New Testameut; the Canon; Biblical The
ilogy; Biblical Psychology; and perhaps a Gram
nar and Dictionary of the New Testament Greek.
Historical Theology;—Compcnds of Church
distory, and of the History of Doctrines; Parris
ics; Ecclesiastical Statistics; Jewish and Christian
Vroh.'oology; Monographs on the History of Spc
iial Doctrines, or of Signal Epochs.
Systematic Theology.—Encyclopaedia of The
ilogy; Apologetics; a Collection of the Creeds aud
^vmhols of the Church a Collection of Theologi
•a! Definitions ot Doctrine, in the various schools
>t Theology, on the basis of Hase, Luthardt,
tleppe, and Schweizer; Symbolics, or the Corn
jarative Theology of Confessions ot Faith; Polem
cs, with particular reference to the Roman Cath*
ilic Controversy; Doctrinal Theology; Christian
Ethics; Collections of Essays on particular Doc
Tines.
Practical Theology.—History of Church
jovertiment; Canon Law Homiletics; Catechct
cs; Liturgies, including Hymnology; Pastoral
I'hcology.
Philosophy—History ot Philosophy; Logic
ind Metaphysics; the Philosophy of Natuie;
Psychology; Ethics; /Esthetics: the Philosophy
)f Religion; the Philosophy of History.
On all these topics every student needs, at least,
)ne good work. To supply this will be the aim of
mr Library. The various volumes will be pub
ished in the best style, on reasonable terms, and
is rapidly as the nature of the work and the en
jourugement of the public will allow. The editors
will be assisted by eminent scholars of various de
lominations who will respectively assume the lit
erary responsibility for the volumes prepared by
hemselves within the general plan and aim of the
Library.
The first two volumes will soon be given to the
public.
m m
The Situation in Germany.
A LUTHER WANTED.
A correspondent of the London Conformist gives
the following account of the ecclesiastical situation
in Germany:
I had a long conversation with an eminent Ro
man Catholic professor, who was one of the depu
ties at the conference held in Heidelberg. This
lame professor has belonged for some years to the
Liberal party. His opinion was, as it seemed to
me, as characteristic as it was correct. He said:
‘We are waiting to see what the government will
io. If they declare openly and distinctly that they
will protect priests, teachers and prolessors, who
‘efuseio accept und teach the new dogma, then I
iiave no doubt a great many will take position on
the subject, and our party wiil become numerous
ind strung. If, however, they do not, then I know
not what will bo the upshot You see, it is a hard
thing for a man to give up his office and his liveli
hood. One can scarcely wonder at or condemn
their hesitation.’ This opinion was confirmed af
terward in other directions. There seems to be a
total lack in the party of the stuff that martyrs,
ionlessors and reformers are made of. There is no
real religious enthusiasm. I have no doubt the
lonviotions ot men like Dollinger are sincere and
strong, but they are more intellectual and theolo
tical than practical and religious convictions.—
rhere does not seem to he much, if any, of the
reeling—1 Here is a sfruggle for life and death, for
time and ternity; woe is us if we do not at all haz
irds bear witness to the truth!’ And without
something of this kind the masses will remain un
moved. As a matter of fact, too, thp masses of
he people take little or no interest in the move
ment. Nor. as several agreed with me in think
ug, can they be expected to do so; for, after all,
he dogma is but the promulgation of'heinartieu
ated belief of the common people as implicitly
aught them by their priests; or ii one were unwil
ing to go so fur as this, it is the logical outcome of
he position and authority practically assigned to
he l’opc for generations. Here lies the weakness
>f the so-called ‘Old Catholics,’ the strength ol
lie Ultramontanes.”
Religion in Wales.
A___J_t AT.... v- 7. TV_i_1
ing in Wales, says:
“The Welsh have their own language, litera
ure, poetry, music, customs and costumes, all but
heir country, and that, perhaps, they possess
uore fully than during the centuries they were
ierpetua!ly fighting about it. The mountains and
^alleys of Wales are here, and no one disturbs the
iVelsh in their possession. I do not know of a
ingle grievance, except the Established Church,
ind that is more sentimental than practical, since
hey have perfect liberty to be Dissenters. I judge
hat three-fourths of the people of this section of
rVales go to chapel rather than to church. They
ire chiefly Independents, Wesleyans and Baptists,
i’here is also a Roman Catholic mission at Aber
stwith, established by the invalid Bishop of Mau
itius. He has a small chapel in his house, where
le says mass and administers the sacraments for a
ew resident Catholics, visitors and miners, a por
ion of whom are Irish. Opposite the window at
rhioh I am writing is a square, ugly Baptist chap
1, built when symmetry and beauty of architecture
oust have been one of the deadly sins—a sin the
Velsh are remarkably free from. There is a little
rave yard on two sides of the chapel. Ou Sun
ay the services began at 9 A. M., and were kept
ip with little intermission until 10 P. M about
lalf the time being devoted to singing, an organ
jading the whole congregation in good, hearty,
armonious music. The services are all in Welsh,
’he sermon on Sunday evening was an hour and a
lalf long, rapid, fervent, and for the last half hour
unning into a rhythmical melody different from
ny I ever heard. I have been to revival-meetings
nd camp-meetings, and heard plenty of preaching
et to music, but never to so wild and melodious a
uno. The Methodists in America seldom get be
ond three notes, the most common interval being
he minor third; but this preacher modulated
hrough a full sixth, using four notes in a sucees
ion often found in the national Welsh melodies,
'he effect was very curious. You might have i
upposed him a descendent of one of the ancient
arpers of Wales singing the deeds of her heroes. I
le wanted but his harp to make it quite perfect
'he whole scene—preacher and audieuce wrapped
Jto such a lervor that singing became more natu
al than ordinary speaking—was a revelation of
ational character. When he at last concluded a
cry powerful discourse, of which I did not under j
tand a syllable, the organ pealed in and the whole
angregation joined in a hymn.”
m
Mexico continues in a state of revolution. Seve
ll of the States have ‘•pronounced’’ against J
uarez, and their troops have gained some victo- 1
es; but as there seems to be no very great una- f
imity of purpose among the various revolting
odies, it is a little uncertain whether the move- 1
icnts amount to one or to three or four rovolu- 1
ons. Each leader seems to be pulling his own s
ay, and when we add to the uncertainty thus pro- J
ucsd, the utter untrustworthiness of the several
jannels through which our news comes from that
)untry, it becomes very difficult to form any just c
pinion affairs there. One point only seems cer- s
tin, and that is, that the numberless “generals" t
i revolt are little better than highwaymen, while t
is by no means an ascertained fact that those e
istaining the Government are very much better, j
|{cUgi0tt5 gutfUtflcurt.
FROM THE SOUTHERN 8TATE8
The Eev. N. M. Crawford, D. D.. an eminent Bap
list minister ot Georgia, died October 27th, aged
50 years. IIo was a son ot Win. H. Crawford,
whose reputation as a state-man is well known.
Dr. Crawford was a minister ol brilliant eloquence,
)f great wisdom, and of exalted Christian eharac
:cr, of profound humility, and who held many
places of high trust in the Church.
Davidsoa College, N. C.—The Board of Trustees
met October 25th, with a view to consider the.
juestion of electing a President. The AT. Carolina
Prethylftian says:
After a full and fair canvas3 of the matter it
was determined not to elect a President of the Col
lege, at least for rhe present. It was known be
fore the assembling of the Board that some of the
Trustees, as well as other friends of the College in
cluding members of the Faculty, favored the policy
of having no President. Let each Professor, it
was urged, stand on his own merits, control his
own classes in all that pertains to his special de
partment, while a chairman of the Faculty, chosen
by themselves, could preside, when assembled to
consult as to matters of common interest to the in
stitution. In support of this policy, reference was
made to the University of Virginia, perhaps the
very best literary institution in America, as well as
to all the large and most popular institutions in
England and on the continent It was found,
when the board met, that this plan of governing
the College was strongly favored by the Faculty,
and that almost unanimously, and by several of the
Trustees. Those members of the board who doubt
ed the policy yielded to the wish of others for the
time, and the result was, as stated, not to elect a
President, at least for the present.
It then became necessary to till the chair of Men
tal and Moral Science, that the College might be
fully equipped for the work of training young men
iu a liberal education. Several names were pre
sented to the board, but the result was the choice
of Kev. T. I). Witherspoon, I). D., at present chap
lain in the University of Virginia, to till this chair.
Perhaps any one of the gentlemen whose names
were presented and whose fiiends desired to see
elected, would have made a good and acceptable
Professor in this department, liut of the eminent
aC Il»* U itlmrcn.AAn (ai* ihn nltiAA f liorA will
bo, we presume, no question. Perhaps no man in
our Church has ever attained more reputation, at
his time of life, than Dr. W. As a ripe scholar,
as a profound thinker, as a popular preacher, as a
cultivated Christian gentleman, he stands among
the foremost in our church.—and the friends of’
Davidson College may well congratulate them
selves, if he shall accept the place here tendered to
him. Of this, those who knew more of Dr. With
erspoon personally than we seemed to think there
was little doubt. And, if he comes to the institu
tion, ho will at once meet many warm friends,—
and we have no doubt will soon make many more.
Dr. Witherspoon is a native of Alabama, was edu
cated in his literary course at the University of
Mississippi, graduated at the Theological Semi
nary at Columbia. S. C-, was pastor at Oxford,
Miss., and then at*Memphis, Tcnn., where his
health failed him a year or two ago, preached for
a few months at Christiansburg, Va whence he
now is. He is thirty thr- e years of age.
The prospects of Davidson, judging from what
we saw and heard during our brief stay at the Col
lege, were never better than at present. The Fac
ulty consists of working men,—and they are work
ing harmoniously together, each filling his place
well. Nearly one hundred students (ninety four
we believe, is tbe precise number) are in atten
dance at the present time, and a more prombiug
set of young men were perhaps never a-uembled
in any institution of Darning. They are working
faithfully to secure all the advantages off-red them,
—which is a filling up of the mca-ure of a College
student’s duties.
FROM THE NORTHERN STATES.
Religion on the Pacific.—The agency of the
American Tract Society on the Pacific coast re
ports that only four per cent, of the population of
California belong to evangelical churches. The
Roman Catholics claim half of the population. In
the whole territory west of the Rocky Mountains
there are about a million of people, and only about
thirty thousand, or throe per cent., are members
of churches. Nearly all of these are in Oregon and
California. In 1859 California had only 0,312
Church member,*; now there are 23 OuO, an in
crease of 360 per ceDt. Increase of the population
in the meantime 52 per cent. Of 180.000children
of suitable age to attend Sunday School, 30,000
attend Protestant schools.
The Mercershvrg Review continues the discus
fiion, by Samuel ID Giesy, D. I)., of “Organic
Redemption.” Ritualism of the most pronounced
son is boldly proclaimed in this article. Witness
this passage: “The Divine Presence in the Eu
charist depends not upon the communicant's state
of mind. It is an independent fact. Not by hu
man thought or memory, or will or faith, any mere
mental exercise, is Christ put into the eueharbti
cal transaction. He is there by the sacramental
(Divine) act of consecration through the Spirit.”
There is more of the same kind in this article;
and other articles reveal the same tendency of this
wing of the German Reformed Church.
The American Bible Society has just issued the
Gospel of Matthew in the language of the Ntz
Perccs, or Flathead Indians, of Oregon. We have
heretofore published accounts of the wonderful
way in which this people themselves first sought
the knowledge of Protestant Christianity. During
the past year the services of the Methodist Mb
sion, on the Cattaraugus Reservation in this State,
have been regularly maintained. Congregations
have good and great interest manifeated. Revi
vals and reclamations took place last winter under
special labor. The total members of Methodist
Episcopal churches in this and the Alleghany Res
ervation are 105. with 58 probationers. There is
a Sunday school of about 50 scholars. Collections
for the year amount to $35.30. Among the Dako
ta tribe of Indians, in 1870—71, two new churches
have been organized, three new church edifices
erected, two more native pastors installed, nearly
a hundred members added to the eight churches
on profession of faith, schools of a high grade es
tnlilimlir.rl and wnll fciiatuinnrl a t-onHinnuii in nnn.
tribute to the support of religious institutions
evinced, worthy of prai-e, and a gratifying advance
made in the arts and usages of civilized life. A
large part of the Bible is now accessible to the Da
kotas in their own tongue. A small newspaper,
begun the pa«tyear, is received with enthusiasm
by the people, and is a power for good. The mis
sion (A. B C. F. M.) is already looking to other
fields, and arrangements are in progress to extend
the woik of evangelization to the wild tribes of the
upper Missouri.
The New Jerusalem Messenger (Swedenborgian)
complains of the slow progress of the new doctrine.
Phe membership in America does not number more
than 5,000. They are frying to make proselytes
among the Germans. Tlicy have about ten Ger
man minister* and a German Church paper.
Eev. Dr. Nevin asks whether thare are to be found
in all Massachusetts twenty Congregational minis
ters who can honestly subscribe the Apostles’
dreed. The Congregational party with their great
Beecher at their head, desire to be recognized as
the “American State Church.” They are not al
together wrong in this; lor America, though called
Christian community, is not strictly such. The
iTankee is best pleased with this sect, because in it
lie difficulty of the “two masters” is most readi
y solved. The German Congrcgationalists are
laturally much more earnest, but in-them also the
dca is deeply rooted that they alone are converted,
ind that all others, especially Lutherans, are vie
inis ot' error.—Lutheran Observer,
Professorships Declined.—Rev. Dr. Prentiss, after
ull consideration ot the circumstances of the case,
las felt himself constrained to decline the Profes
lorsliip in the Theological Seminary of the North
vest, Chicago, which was a second time tendered
o him last summer. Also Rev. Dr. Adams has
leclmcd the Professorship to which he was recent•
y elected in Union Theological Seminary New
fork city.
Vacant Churches.—The Interior gives the names
if twenty-three churches without pastors in the
.’resbytery of Fort Wayne. Ten others are va
lant in the Presbytery of Muncie, and eight each
n the Presbyteries of Crawfordville and Logans
lort, making forty-nine churches in all vacant in
he Synod of Northern Indiana.
The Dail// Witness, the Christian paper recently
tarted in New York, is succeeding well. Its em
ulation has already reached about 12,000, and it
;ains in vitality and force. It is certainly desira
ile that a daily should be published in this great
uetropo’is, which stands up boldly for the pure
irinciples of religion, and we are delighted in the
ssurance that such a paper has a being, and has
ained sufficient footing to guarantee permanency
nd large usefulness.
San Francisco Theological Seminary.—The Synod
f the Pacific of the Presbyterian Church, in ses
ion in the city of Oakland, on the fourth of Oc«
Dber, adopted a jtlan for the establishment within
heir bounds of a Theological Institution, and
lected a Board of Directors for the Seminary, ap
pointing Dr. Scott the Convener.