Synod of Mississippi.:—We have been reqnested
by the Rev. R. Price, pastor of the Vicksburg
church, to announce that the meeting of the Synod
of Mississippi has been postponed to the first
Wednesday in December, on account of tbe preva
lence of the yellow fever in Vicksburg.
Rev. J. Simpson Frierson is to be installed pastor
of Livingston church on Saturday before the sec
ond Sabbath in November, by a committee of Tus
kaloosa Presbytery, consisting of Messrs. Morse
and Sanderson.
Rev. 'W. F. Gillespie.—The pastoral relation be
tween Rev. W. F. Gillespie and tbe Unity church,
Liberty, Miss., was dissolved by the Presbytery of
Louisiana at its last meeting.
The Inslee Fnnd.—The Rev. J. E. C. Doremus,
D. D., of the Bible House, New Orleans, reports
$425.90 additional collected for the family of the
late Rev. E. B. Inslee, during the week ending
October 18 th.
The Rev. J. A. Chombliss has accepted a call
from the Four-Mile Creek (Baptist) church, below
Richmond. He began his labors in that field last
Sunday.
Greenwood and Sunflower Churches, Miss —The
Rev. C. M. Atkinson, the evangelist of the Pres
bytery of Central Mississippi, reports that there is
here a vacant field of gospel labor and full of pro
mise. The churches and committees are very
anxious for a settled minister, and they would see
to it that he shall not want the bread which per
isheth while he ministers unto them in spiritual
things. The great railroad from Mobile to St.
Louis will pass through the center of this field.
Though the church is vacant, they are putting the
house in nice order at an expense of $500.
College Hill, Miss.—The Lord has most graciously
revived His work in College church. The meet
ing was continued thirteen days, during which
twenty three sermons were delivered. Rev. J. N.
Waddell,- D. D., preached two; Rev. James A.
Lyon, D. D., preached one; Rev. It. Mclnnis, D.
D., preached ten—and ten were delivered by the
pastor, Rev. E. Cater. There were twenty-six ad
ditions to the church; seven adults baptized, and
many more are deeply concerned.
The Rev. H. H. Banks, who has received a call to
the church at Murfeesboro, Tenn., asked the Pres
bytery of Mecklenburg, at its .recent meeting, to
dissolve the pastoral relation existing between him
and the church at Asheville, N. C. The latter
church was directed to show cause, at an adjourned
meeting in Fayetteville, during the sessions of
Synod, why the request may not be granted.
Rev. J. P. Osborne Called to Swan Creek Cburoh.—
At a congregational meeting held on the 12th of
September, Swan Creek Church (in Middle Ten
nessee) gave a unanimous call to Mr. J. P. Osborne,
a licentiate under the care.of North Alabama
Presbytery, to become their pastor for one-half of
his time requested Presbytery to hold a called
meeting at their church before the close of the year
to attend to his ordination and installation over
their church.
A New Church Organization at Opelousas, was re
ported to the Presbytery of Louisiana by Rev.
James McConnell, with Messrs. Louis Hadden, M.
D., and Jas. H. Houston, ruling elders.
A Book Depository Proposed in New Orleans.—A
legacy of two thousand dollars has been left to the
Synod’s Committee of Publication in New Orleans.
It is proposed to invest the amount which shall be
realized from said legacy, in the purchase of the
publications of the Assembly’s Committee^ and by
tbe use of the means thus placed in their hands to
keep tip a full Depository in New Orleans.
Rev. John M. Coohran has been appointed, and
has consented to labor as an evangelist in that por
tion of the Preshytery of Roanoke embracing the
churches of Wylliesburg, Bluestone, Christians
ville, Meherrin, and Lunenburg.
Successor to Dr. Bachman.—At a congregational
meeting of St. John’s Lutheran church, Charles
ton, S. C., Rev. T. W. Dosh, of Winchester, Va.,
was unanimously elected pastor. The venerable
Dr. Bachman, whom ho succeeds, was able to be
present and made the opening prayer. The
Charleston Courier announces the above action,
and pays the pastor elect the following compli
ment:
Mr. Dosh, who is a gentleman of high reputa
tion as a citizen and as a pulpit divine and scholar,
was placed in nomination for the high honor to
which he was elected, through the agency and re
commendation of influential friends of St. John’s
congregation alone and, therefore, has to be heard
from before it will be known whether or not it may
suit him to accept the call. The congregation of
St. John’s church, we understand, have referred
the subject to their vestry, who will officially con
clude the matter favorably, if possible.
East Tennessee.—A correspondent writes: “As
the resuscitation of the churches in this State,
which were so injured and reduced during the war,
is a matter of interest, I communicate the follow
ing:
The church of Ebenezer, located ten miles south
of Knoxville, was one that suffered greatly. The
house of worship was destroyed, and the members
killed, some of them, and others scattered, so that
at the close of the war not more than fifteen or
twenty remained. Under the ministrations of
Rev. James Park the number was increased to
about thirty. These have worshipped in a large
school house, at another place in the neighborhood,
and the name of the church has been changed to
that of Cedar Spring. About three months ago,
the writer took charge of it. Since then several
of the members withdrew to the Northern connec
tion; and but few were added. Quite recently
however fifteen have made a hopelul peace with
God, ten of whom will come to us. As the inter
est continues, others we trust will be added to the
number. This would not be considered remarka
ble in a large congregation, but it is very remarka
ble in one so nearly run down as ours was.
Conference and Prayer.—The Rev. Dr. Brookes
of St. Louts has addressed the following circular
to those who may find it convenient to attend the
Conference. Some others who cannot may find it
suggestive of similar conferences elsewhere and for
their benefit we publish it.
St. Louis, October 15th, 1871.
“Dear Brother: The Lord willing, a Conference
of those who believe in Him will bo held in the
Walnut Street church of this city, commencing
Wednesday evening, Nov. 16th, 1871.
The object of the Conference is to wait together
upon God in the prayerful study of His word, with
fervent desire to know more and more of the truth
as it is in Jesus.
It is suggested that the topics for our meditation
with the order of exercises be as follows:”
Here follow topics of meditation for Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday, some of them the
subjects for conference, others for sermons. They
are, Regeneration, Adoption, Justification. The
Holy Spirit as our Paraclete, Sanotification, The
believer’s relation to the world, The Hope set be
fore us in the Gospel.
111 The last meeting will be held at half past seven
o’clock of the Lord’s day to break bread in remem
brance of Him.
You are cordially invited to attend, and to come
with earnest prayer that our meeting may be owned
to the glory of God in the refreshment of our souls,
and in the salvation of unbelievers.
If it is your purpose to be present, please inform
me at once, that arrangements may be made for
your comfort.
Your servant in the Lord,
James H. Brookes.
FROM THE NORTHERN STATES.
American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis
sions.—The annual meeting of the American Board
of Commissioners for Foreign Missions was held at
Salem, Mass., commencing October 3d. There
port says:
“By the graduation of the Mission to the Sand
wich Islands, with its fifty-six churches and other
Christian institutions well established, and the
transfer of five fields to the Presbyterian Board—
Syria, Persia, the Gaboon, and two of the smaller
Indian tribes—the Board was called to part with
twenty-one ordained missionaries, and one mission
ary physician, inluding two young men in North
China, and two under appointment in this country,
with 162 native preachers and teachers, 9 church
es, having a membership of 403—besides 722 com
municants in Persia, where no separate churches
had been organised—with five Seminaries, includ
ing those for both sexes, and 89 schools, contain
ing 2,281 pupils. The expenditure of the Board
on these fields for the year given in the last annual
report, was $48,201.10. Despite these changes, it
is an interesting fact, as illustrative of the health
ful progress of the work, that the field actually oc
C1?pied to-day, counting the towns and cities in
which the gospel is preached, is as large as the
entire field of six years ago; the number of native
pastors is larger by 26 of native preachers by 30;
of scholars by nearly 4,000. Of greater and more
hopeful significance is the fact that nearly 1,000
communicants have been added to the churches on
profession of faith during the past year—in several
fields more than, double tbe number ever reported
before in any one year.”
The following resolution was uuanimously adopt
ed at the second day’s session
Resolved, That hereafter the American Board
will be ready to enlarge its operations by extending
its work in nominally Christian lands, and will form
missions in Europe, South America, or other for
eign lands, as God in his providence may open the
way; and that the Prudential Committee are re
quested to conduct such missions on the same gen
eral principles that they have acfed upon in past
years.”
Professor! Elected.—Rev. Wm. Adams, D. D.,
LL. D., of New York city, has been elected by the
directors of the New York Union Theological
Seminary, to the chair made vacant by the death of
the late Dr. Skinner, Professor G. Fischer, for
merly of Rutgers College, New Brunswick, New
Jersey, has been elected by the school commission
ers of New York city, professor of German Lan
guage and Literature” in the college of the city of
New York.
Rev. J. H. Carroll, D. D., has received and ac
cepted a call from the Reformed church in the
South Classis of Long Island, of which the Rev.
Dr. West was formerly pastor.
Congregational.—Chicago Seminary opened with
fifty students, and more expected. The Rev.
George N. Boardman has been inaugurated Pro
fessor jof Systematic Theology. Its buildings are
safe; its students are together, except so tar as
they are temporarily serving as special police; and
its funds, though inadequate, are nominally unim
paired by the fire.-' But its immediate income,
both for students and faculty, cannot be depended
upon.
Subscribers to tbe Interior.—The Rev. Arthur
Swazy, Editor of the Interior, the Presbyterian
journal, recently issued in Chicago, has published
a card asking the indulgence of his friends and
patrons for a short time till he gets upon his feet
again. “Our subscription list,” he says, “is so
seriously mutilated that we are obliged to beg our
subscribers to send us their names, stating whether
their subscription was paid, and if so, for what
length of time. We ask of ministers, who know
that the Interior circulates among their people, to
take the trouble in this time of our trial, to pro
cure and forward the names to his address.”
Chicago Churohes.—The Northern Presbyterian
Church has lost in Chicago, by the great fire, the
First, Second, North, and Westminister Presbyte
rian churches. The First church, (Rev. Dr. Ar
thur Mitchell’s,) proposes to unite with Calvary
church, which was a colony from the First church,
and for which a building was in process of erec
tion, and which will now be completed for the two
congregations. The Second church had already
left its building, which had been sold, and united
with the Olivet church, with the purpose of erect
ing a new building for the united church. It is
probable that both congregations will now be made
one, in the church building which is now occupied
by the Olivet church, which has not been touched
hy the fire. The Fourth church, formerly the
North, is sadly disabled.
The Word “Regenerate’’ Defined.—The General
Convention of the Episcopal Church in the United
States in session in Baltimore, made the following
declaration, which was signed by all the Bishops:
“We, the subscribers, Bishops of the Protest
ant Episcopal Church in the United States, being
asked, in order to the quieting of the consciences
of the members of the said Church, do declare our
conviction as to the meaning of the word “regen
erate in the offices for the ministration of baptism
of infants, and do declare that, in our opinion, the
word “regenerate” is not there so used as to deter
mine that a moral change in the subject of baptism
is wrought in the sacrament.”
[What this amounts to we shall probably better
understand after a little.—Cen. Pres.]
Theological scholars will welcome the announce
ment of a Theological and Philosophical Library,
edited by Drs. Henry B. Smith and Philip Schaff,
of the Union Theological Seminary, New York,
and to be published by Charles Scribner Co. At
least one book on each of the principal branches of
theology and philosophy will be supplied. Some
of the works wiil be written for tbe Library, while
some will be translated from the German and other
languages. The first two volumes of the Philo
sophical Division, including “Ueberweg’s History
of Philosophy,” have just been finished.
The Baptists founded a church in Block Island,
R. L, in 1765. This organization now numbers
260 members, and embraces in its congregation the
whole population of the island.
E. E. Higbee, D. D., is elected President of Mer
cersburg College, Pa.
Help for Chicago—Sewing Machines.—Rev. Ar
thur Mitchell, the pastor of the First Presbyterian
church of Chicago, writes to the N. Y. Evangelist:
Dear Brother Field: Would not some of the
Sewing Machine manufacturers send me a few ma
chines—many, if they can—to give to the poor
girls who have lost their all, after paying slowly
for their machines, stitch by stitch? Many of
them I know personally, or through the best mem
bers of my church. Tools and work, these are
what the burnt-out mechanics and sewing girls of
the city need. The work will be ready for them in
a few weeks, as soon as the ruins cool, and business
once more begins, but alas, many of them have
lost the very means of availing themselves of their
trades. The case of some of the sewing girls, par
ticularly, would bring tears to your eyes.
Let me ask for this form of help through your
columns. Every sewing machine or set of tools
that can be sent, carpenter’s, shoemaker’s, &c,, I
will receive at 450 Miohigan Avenue, and place
them well.
Rev Dr. Joseph P. Thompson has resigned as pas
tor of the Broadway Tabernacle church, N. Y.,
with which he has been connected for nearly twen
ty-seven years.
Dr. Septemus Tusten Was on last Thursday stricken
with apoplexy, and the attack resulted in his
death on Saturday.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
Relief for Chicago.—The contributions for the re
lief of Chicago thus far made in Great Britain, are
reported to be over $200,000, and are increasing.
At Belfast, Ireland, over $15,000 were subscribed
in a few minutes.
The Atlantic Cable, companies have agreed to
allow telegrams relating to the relief of Chicago to
pass over their wires free of tolls.
Everywhere throughout this country the benevo
lence of our people has been remarkably displayed
in rendering aid to the sufferers in Chicago. New
York city has contributed about $2,100,000; Bos
ton, $400,000; Philadelphia, $250,000; Cincinnati,
more than $200,000; Baltimore, $200,000; San
Francisco, $100,000; and other portions of the
United States about $1,000,000. Europe has sent
$200,000 and Canada $50,000.
Church Vagrants.—In his sermon on “Church
Membership,” Mr. Murray says, most pithily,
“Some people are like snails; they carry their
spiritual home around with them on their backs.
You never see them twice in the same church.—
They are religious vagabonds.”
North Pole.—Full reports of the last German
expedition to the North Pole are published. It is
claimed that the expedition was successful. The
Polar sea was discovered free of ice and swarming
with whales.
The World.—In a paper recently read before the
members of the Hursley Clerical Society, by the
Rev. N. Midwinter, M. A., rector of St. Mitchel’s,
Winchester, and published by the Church Mission
ary Society, the Christians of the world (nominal
and real) are estimated at 334,754.000, the Jews
at 6,216,700, the Mahommedans at 105,688,000,
and the heathen at 819,915,000.
A Learned London author with abundance of
leisure for. erudite trifles is said Io be preparing a
book to show that the golden image which Aaron
set up for the worship_ of the Israelites was a cow
instead of a calf. He intends to occupy two large
volumes to prove his point.
Norfolk Great Western Rail Road—At a meet
ing of the stockholders in Danville, Va., October
26th, the President Col, T. S. Flournoy reported
that he had made arrangements with parties in
New York, and through them with parties in Lon
don, of undoubted ability, to construct that road
from Norfolk to Bristol. The work is to begin be
tween Danville and Bristol by 1st of next Decem
ber. On the Eastern end it is to begin as soon as
the subscriptions, now amounting to $1,400,000,
shall be raised by Norfolk and other places to$3,
000,000.
Moving the Indians—Several hundred Cherokee
Indians from North Carolina have arrived in St.
Louis, en route to the Indian Nation. They were
the advance of hundreds of others of the same
tribe who have been supported for a long period
by their more wealthy and civilized brethren, and
the government has taken steps to re-unite them.
A complete survey of the Tennessee River has
been made. The estimated cost of the proposed
improvement will be $6,000,000, which, when com
plete, will make the riyer navigable a distance of
900 miles from its mouth.
FOREIGN ITEMS.
Industries Leaving Paris.—The Berlin Correspon
dent observes that several German papers publish
communications from Paris, which state that em
ployers in the French capital oomplain bitterly of
the present scarcity of skilled artisans. Besides
the large number of workmen who have been
killed, wounded or taken prisoners while fighting
for the Commune, a great many left the city at
the outbreak of the civil war and have not yet re
turned. Of the few Germans who have reappeared
in Paris, the majority seems only desirous of wind
ing up their affairs and turning their backs on
France. The celebrated engraver on precious
stones, Otto, who wrought for most of the great
Parisian jewelers, has established himself in Berlin,
and his example has been followed by most of the
German artists. One of the principal industries
of Paris, the manufacture of artificial flowers, has
suffered enormously. The Americans, Russians
and Wallachians, who were formerly among the
best customers of the Parisians, sent their orders
during the war to Berlin and Brussels, and have
discovered to their surprise that a great many arti
cles they were accustomed to buy in Paris were of
German or Belgium manufacture.
The Census of Japan.—A Yokohama correspondent
of the Augsbvrg Gazette states that the last census
of Japan gives the number of inhabitants at 34,
785,321. 1,872,952 are engaged in literature and
the military service, 31,954.821 belong to the trad
ing and working classes. The number of priests of
Buddha amounts to 244,869, and that of priests of
Situ to_ 1-63.140. The receipts of the Government
are estimated at £01,118,438.
The Dogma in Bavaria.—The Bavarians have
heretofore been among the most faithful adherents
of the Papacy, but the debate in their parliament
at Munich last week, clearly indicates that they
cannot carry the burden of infallibility. The fol
lowing is the report of that important debate:
The King’s M inister of Public Worship and In
struction rose immediately after the organization
of the house to formally reply to as many as forty
two interpellations, which had been placed on the
books by deputies, relative to the actual state of
the relations which exist between the government
and the Holy See. The minister said that “the
State had at all times the right to make changes
in the laws relating to the church. The church
haying declared a change of principles, and infalli
bility being a doctrine dangerous to the State, the
government had resolved to protect any and all of
its citizens who could not accept the infallibility of
the Pope as an article of faith. The government
would still considered such persons as Catholics,
and it would oppose any encroachment by the
church upon the principles of the civil constitu
tion.” The minister also declared that “the sen
timent of the King and the Council of State fa
vored a separation of religious and political branch
es of the government, and the complete indepen
dence of each.”
Simplifying the Faith.—A clergyman writes from
Italy: "A Catholic priest said to me the other
day, ‘These gentleman have certainly simplified
matters greatly.’ They have reduced the creed to
a single article—‘I believe in the Pope;’ the Bible
to a single verse—‘Thou art Peter;’ worship to a
single observance—‘Thou shaltworship the Blessed
Virgin;” and duty to a single rule—‘ In every
difficulty consult the Sacred Congregation at Rome,
and obey it exactly.’ And really there is not much
exaggeration in this.
Missionaries in Japan.—Of the missionaries in
Japan, all of whom are from the United States,
Messrs. Verbeck, Brown, Ballagh, Stout and
Wolff, are of the Reformed Church; Messrs.
Thompson, Hepburn, and Carrothers, of the Pres
byterian Messrs. Guliek and Green, of the Con
gregational; Bishop Williams, of the Episcopal;
Mr. Goble, of the Baptist.
Labor Biots.—The labor strikes throughout Eng
land are not yet settled, and new riots are reported
at the Hague, Mayeuce, and other places on the
continent of Europe.
An address has been issued by representative
workingmen, demanding the separation of Church
and Stato in England. The address announces
that meetings of workingmen will beheld through
out the country in support of this meeting.
Abolition of Slavery in Brazil.—The bill for the
abolition of slavery has finally passed the chamber
of deputies, and is now a law.
Borne.—The cardinals it is said, have held a
meeting at Rome and advised the Pope to quit the
city to preserve his spiritual independence. The
Pope has almost made up his mind to depart at
the time of the convocation of the Italian Parlia
ment.
Increase of Missionaries.—The increase in the
number of missionaries in the last fity years is
more than five hundred per cent., as shown by a
comparison of missionary statistics for 1820 and
1870, which gives for the former year 357 Protes
tant missionaries from Europe and America; for
the latter 1,949 missionaries, with 10,986 native
preachers and assistants.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
The subscriber, Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
and Plantation Machinery. He also makes a spe
ciality of PLOWS of all the various varieties for
the Southern Trade. Having established himself
in Warehouse No. 40 and 42 Light St., corner of
Lombard St., Baltimore, respectfully invites all his
old customers and others interested in such wares
to give him a call and examine his stock, whioh will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as moder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MAYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—Gm Baltimore, Md.
Ufattud,
At Fairmount, near Wilkesboro, N. C., October
17th, by the Rev. Jesse Rankin, assisted by Rev. J.
M. Anderson, Samuel F. Pilson, of Augusta Co.,
Va., and Miss S. Ellen, daughter of Augustus W.
Finley, Esq.
At the 1st Presbyterian church, Lynchburg, Va.,
October 25th, by Rev. Richard Mcllwaine, Major
William Hartman Kable, of Jefferson county, W.
Va., and Miss Willie Lobban Gibbs, of Lynchburg,
Va.
At the 1st Presbyterian church, Lynchburg, Va.,
October 26th, by Rev. Richard Mcllwaine, Dr. John
B. Walthall and Mrs. Caroline F. W. Jones, of
Lynchburg, Va.
October 22d, by Rev. S. B. Campbell, Robert C.
Bogle and Miss Harriet J., daughter of Dr. Alex
ander Caldwell, both of Jefferson county, Tenn.
October 4th, at the residence of Dr. L. J. Wilson,
near Tyro, Miss., by Rev. James Naylor, Professor
John S, B. Jeffries, of College Hill, Miss., and
Miss S. Joanna Bryan.
October 26th, in this city, at the residence of the
bride’s father, by the Rev. Dr. J. L. Burrows, W.
Douglass Selden, Jr., and C. Allan, eldest daugh
ter of Thomas E. Word, Esq., all of this city.
©fcittuims.
Died, October 14th, at his residence, Hanover
county, Va., John Beal, in fhe Gist year of his age.
“Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord.”
Died, July 24th, in Liberty county, Ga., John W.
Stacey, father of Rev. James Stacey, in the 73d
year of his age. He was a faithful follower of
Christ for nearly fifty years.
Died, in Shreveport, Louisiana," October 13th,
Mrs. Mary Elenora, wife of Maj. George D. Alex
ander. She had been suffering for months of a
complication of diseases, which culminated in Pneu
monia, and resulted in her death.
Mrs. Alexander was born in Lynchburg, Va on
the 14th of September, 1844. Her father, the Rev.
Philo Calhoun, D. D., was for many years a Profes
sor in Washington College. Her mother was a
daughter of the Rev. William S. Reid, D. D., pas
tor of the Presbyterian church, Lynchburg, Va. Her
father and family moved from Oakland College,
Mississippi, to Fort Smith, Arkansas, in 1868.—
She was married to Major Alexander on the 12th of
August, 1869, who though a Virginian by birth, had
resided for many years in Arkansas. Major Alex
ander moved to Shreveport about one year ago.—
Since then an infant, and a mother have died.
They have been reunited, where there will be no
more parting, sorrowing, or suffering. A bereaved
husband, an aged father, a sister, and three broth
ers, remain to feel and mourn their great loss.
It does not fall to the lot of even ministers of the
gospel to witness often such a death. For forty
eight hours she knew her physicians and friends had
no hope of her recovery. It is not enough to sav
she was willing to die, or that she was not alarmed,
or that she was resigned. Although her pains were
sharp, and her suffering severe, yet there was a
brilliancy in her eye, as she seemed to look out for
her Saviour, and her “home,” and on her counte
nance, there was a smile, which even death could
not efface. She spoke of heaven—home—bright
angels—aud sweet music. It was victory—it was
triumph. Death had no sting. Her raptures
brought to mind the last, the bright and glorious
hours of a dying Payson. All who witnessed her
last moments, felt there was gain in such a death,
i To depart with such a prospect was better than to
tarry in this world of sorrows and trials. It would
f seem that under the influence of such a death
s the prayer of Baalim would be adopted, Let me
die the death of the righteous and let my last end be
like his.”
“Asleep in Jesus 1 blessed sleep,
From which none ever wakes to weep.”
Her aged father was permitted to witness the
death of this child of the covenant., and hear her
testimony to the saving and consoling power of the
1 gospel he has been preaching for many years. He
is not far from the margin of that river, which sepa
rates him from the members of his family, who have
1 crossed the flood, and the land of promise and rest.
ewrtmasiial ftotiws.
Lexington Presbytery.—There will be an ad
journed meeting at Rocky Spring church, Novem*
ber 23d at 11 A. M. R. C. Walker,
Stated Clerk.
Commercial Matters.
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, October 31,1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 111}. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacoo Market.
Lugs, $6@$8.50; Primings, $8.60@$5; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.50@10; Fine Shipping, $10
@15; Common Wrappers, $6@12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $16065.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@9}c.Shoulders, 8@8}c.;
plain hams, 16@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c.
Flour.—Superfine, $7.60@8; Extra, $8@8.25;
Family, $9.50.
Meal—Bolted, 95c@$l.
Coffee.—Java, 25@26c.; Laguayra, 20@21c.;
Rio, 17@18c.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14}@16c.; refined extra “C.”
13c.; brown, ll@13c.
Molasses.—Cuba, 2G@27c.; Porto Rico, 50076c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@30c.; Common 20@
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2.35.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@15c.;
tallow, 16c.
Sees WaX”~28c«
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.25. Clover hay,
96@*1.
Wool—Washed, 65@G5c.; unwashed, 30@45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1.7501.80; red,
$1.7001.80; corn, 65@67c.; oats, 55@80c.; rye,
$1.
FlaxSeed.—$1.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.25;
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel, No. 1, $27028; kits, $3.50@6j
Herrings, $6@7}.
Fresh Meats, &c.—Beef, nett, 6@9c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.
Lard—12013 cents.
Egos—Per dozen, 23 025 cents.
Chickens—16035 cents.
Dried Apples—6@8c.; peaches, 12@14c.
Cotton—20025 cents.
Feathers—60075 ceuts.
Lime—$1.65@$1.70.
Tickings—13030 cents.
Cotton Oznaburgs—12}@14 cents.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 12J016; i, 9010c.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20026.
Shingles—Virginia heart, $3@6.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7@8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
WANTED.—An elderly gentleman, of expe
rience, to take charge of a small school in a
private family. Salary $300.
Address JM. M. H.,
oc 25—2t Martinsburg, Berkeley Co., W. Va.
A YOUNG LADY, of some experience, desires
a situation as Teacher in a private family or
school, to teach the usual English branches, French
and Latin, also Music to beginners.
Address P. V. M.,
oc 18—3t Balcony Falls, Rockbridge Co., Va.
WANTED—A MALE TEACHER to take im
mediate charge of a Graded (Free) School
in the village of Petersburg, Grant county, W. Va.
None need apply unless competent to teach the
Languages and Mathematics, as well as the usual
English branches.
Salary, $60 per month, exclusive of board. The
School to run six or eight months.
Board can be had at $12 per month.
Testimonials, not references, must accompany
applications for the position.
Address Dr. A. H. SCOTT,
no 1—2t Luneys Creek, Grant Co., W. Va.
James Gordon. John N. Gordon, Jr.
JOHN N. GORDON’S SONS,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
AND
DEALERS IN METALS, GRINDSTONES, &c.
Pearl Block, Fourteeuth Street,
Between Main and Cary Streets,
RICHMOND, VA.
no 1—6m
FOUR *T„r 50 CTS.
GREAT STTCSESS.“®a
AMERICAN SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKER.
An Evangelical, Undraominational
Monthly, for PARENTS, TEACHERS and SCHOL
ARS. With Sunday School Lessons, Exposition,
Illustrations, Questions, Blackboard Exercises, &c..
for each Sabbath.
This publication is designed to develop a greater
depth and spirituality in the Sunday School work,
looking beyond methods to results.
Terms for 1872—$1.50 a Year in Advance.
CLUBS of TEN or more (to one address) will
receive 6 Lesson Papers, free, with each Magazine
monthly. Scholars’ Lesson Paper, monthly, with
Lessons for every Sabbath 12cts. a year; or per hun
dred $9 a year, Send 10 cents for Specimen copy,
Lesson Paper, and our own List of Lessons for 1872,
to J. W. McINTYRE,
St. Louis, Mo.
Bound Copies for 1870 and 1871, $2 each,
postpaid. Lesson Papers on Gospel of Matthew for
1870, and on Gospel of John for 1871, same price
as 1872. no 1—2t
■J^IME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Farmers wanting LIME would do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered this win
ter, when freights will be lower. Payments to be
made in the spring, or longer, if required, to re
sponsible parties.
BOWEN MERCER,
Lime Burners, No. 65 S. Gay street,
oc 25—lm Baltimore.
Chicago and the great
CONFLAGRATION.
A concise history of the past of this most won
derful of cities, and a detailed, circumstantial a> d
vivid account of its destruction by fire; with scenes,
incidents, &c. By Messrs. Coi.bort Chamber
lain, City Editors of Chicago Tribune. Fully illus
trated from Photographs taken on the spot. Agents
wanted. Address C. F. VENT,
oc 25—2t 58 Murray St., New York.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS, CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac, and with the best cutters and workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents for the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
JOHN W. RISON,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. RISON.
THOMAS J, SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange.
Jy 11—tf.
JOHN BOWERS,
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaces,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kinds and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 250 to 300
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
L. P. BROCKETT’S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 150 spirited
illustrations, price only $2.60. 60,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man, and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.—
Terms extra, and lreights prepaid.
Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 6—ly 723 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
1,000 VOLUMES.
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST RATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION
je 21—tf
GUARANTEED.
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,'
Established in 1837.
Superior Bolls for Churches,
Schools, etc., of Pnrc Cop
per ami Tin, fully war
ranted, and mountod with
our Latest Improved
Rotary Hangings, tho
best in use. i
fj? .Illustrated Catalogue sent free,
11' VANDUZEN TIFT,
102 101K, 8ccond St., Cincinnati,
my 17—ly
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
TROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. All Bkli,s Warranted
Satisfactory.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
Steel Composition Bells,
For Churohes, Schools and Farms.
These celebrated bells (not
cast iron or “amalgam”) rival
the Bronze in purity and volume
>f tone, are more durable and
cost only about one third aB
much. Warranted against break
age for one year.
Descriptive circulars sent free.
BLYMYER, NORTON CO.,
may 3—eowOm Cincinnati, Ohio.
THE MENEELY BELL FOUNDERY.
(Established in 1826.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies,
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in tlie
country combined. All Bells war
ranted. An illustrated catalogue sent free upon ap
plication to E. A. G. R. MENEELY,
jy6—ly West Troy, N. Y.
JOSHUA REGISTER SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKE THE BEST BELLS IN USE.
53 55 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md,
ap 12—ly
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR CO.,
36 North Howard Stroet, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wire Railing for Cemeteries, Balco
nies, &c., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, &c.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, &c., &c,y
ap 26—ly
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
-CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will he promptly filled.
my 10—ly
IBEKAlTOFFERTO SABBATH
SCHOOLS AND OTHERS.
We offer the following premiums: 50 copies of
the Child’s Paper, or 60 copies- of the Morning
Light, or 40 copies of the American Messenger for
one year,
For the Names of Twelve New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $24.
Premiums in the same proportion for any larger
number of subscribers.
Specimen copies sent on application, from any of
the Society’s depositories.
This offer lulds till the first day of January, 1872.
ANOTHER OFFER.
For the Names of Ten New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $20, we will send by mail, postpaid, a copy
of the beautiful chromo,
ASKING A BLESSING.
This picture, which sells for $7.60, is an exact re
production in colors of the original oil painting, by
Prof. Jordan.
Specimen copies can be seen at any of the So
ciety’s depositories.
American Tract Society, 150 Nassau St., N. Y.
oct 18—tf
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb- .A*
ruary 3d, 1871,) of French Calf, stitched lrw\
to order for $7.60. All styles, own make, for'
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
J. W. VAN GELDER,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
HAMBURG,
feb 24—tf ARKANSAS.
Attention, Agents Think of This
Wonderful Success!! 80,000
Copies of Brockett’s History of the Franco-German
War sold first 60 days. It now coutaiua a full his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 150 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.50.
Incomplete works, written in the interest of the
Irish and French, are being otfered with old illus
trations, and, for want of merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockctt's in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. Look
to your interests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, aud terms excelled by none.
Address J. W; GOODSPEED CO.,
37 Park Row, N. Y., or 118 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons, Knives,
Clocks, Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18—ly
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’g To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco cliewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
[Established 1848.]
TO THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry)
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the purity and excellence of his Hone Dust, tho
subscriber has been induced to prepare a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The Maryland” is a Rqmenator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, aud sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior articlo used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim for it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate thau any other fertilizer in the market.
Price $50 per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA 110 UN UR, Jit.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Office and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Rniip Fillet Boue $50, Dis
DUIItJ JJUbl, Wj solved Bone, $47( our
own manufacture, in new bags Eastern and Wes
tern Bone Dust, $35, Peruvian Guano, delivered from
Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest rates.
No charge for deliver}’.
au 23—ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jh.
Baltimore mill stone manu
factory,
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St,, Baltimore, Md.
Rifles, shot-guns, revolvers, gun
MATERIAL. Write for Price List, to Qrkat
Western Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, &c., bought or traded for.
Agents wanted. jy 20—6m
-yjTTATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—3m
JIRUIT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietors of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed their office to Columbian Block. (Corn Ex
change,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
and Cary streets.
The stock ior the fall trade is unusually fine,
large, and well-grown, embracing a full assortment
of Apple, Peach, Pear, Plum. Cherry, and other
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus, together with Ornamental Trees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, &c., &c.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
address
ALLAN JOHNSON, Gen’l Ag’ts
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.
0ARDOZO, FOURQUREAN, CO.,
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have now in store their stock of
ELEGANT SPRING GOODS,
bought entirely for cash, and will be sold at the very
LOWEST PRICES.
ap 19—tf

GRAHAM WILSON,
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(In Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
T
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge,
my 24—6m
^KewTortr.
T
URNIP SEED.—Fresh and genuine—and sure
to come true to name.
RUT A RAG A, LARGE NORFOLK,
RED TOP, WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE, FLAT DUTCH.
FLAVORING SEEDS of all kinds.
iy 6—tt
PALMER TURPIN,
No. 1626 Main street, Richmond, Va.
A
NTHRACITE
BITUMINOUS
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
mr 29—17
S. H. HAWES,
18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
UNEQUALLED
AND
IN POWER
BEAUTY OF TONE.
Prices from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ Warerooms,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
jyjASON A HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 Wost Fayotte Street, Baltimore, Ud.
Send lor illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
JgTEINWAY A SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
“GOLDEN CHORD,”
TUB CKLKBUATKD
ESTEY ORGANS,
Containing the
Vox Humana and Vox Jubilante Stops.
These organs are the leading instruments of the
country. Adapted to the Church, Parlor and
School. Prices from $50 to $1,000. Warranted
for x years. Circular and Price list sent free.
ALSO,
THE BRADBURY PIANO.
Equal it not superior to any made. Endorsed by
the leading artists of the country. Prices from $360
upwards. HARRY SANDERS CO.,
General Agents, 79 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Md.
N. B. Local Agents wanted in every town in the
South. may 3—6m
WJ
ARMSTRONG CO,,
MANUFACTURERS
OF
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposit, Maryland.
BEG leave to rail the particular attention, of
House-keepers, Stove dealers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would mention—
Magill's Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa-
tent Gas and Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable for Churches, Schools, Stores,
Warehouses, &c.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock.
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Towns in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroom—
61 Light St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3m
SEWING MACHINES FOR THE
DESTITUTE.
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic aud diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living by
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction of ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certitied to by the pastor or the
oflicers in charge aB a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bank Streets, Richmond, Va.
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
504 SH°E EMP0RIUM> 504
501 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladies’ Lasting Hutton Hoots, patent leather Vamps, (8 00
I.aced Hoots 41 2 70
44 Hutton Boots, Kid Vamps, 3 26
a n Laced 44 41 2 60
l'lain Lasting Hutton Hoots, 2 76
a a a Laced 44 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8—ly
Frederick female seminary,
FREDERICK, MD.
Chartered 1810, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps of
Professors and Toaohers,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms, view of
buildings, names of Alumni, &c. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.,
au 1G—ly President.
tGREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS—Do
you want an agency, locator traveling, with an
opportunity to make $5 to $20 a day selling
our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Jjiuesf
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
risk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
Wouks, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N,
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
WOOD AND C 0 A It.
YABD AHD OFFICE
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly on T.and the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
it lowest market prices. _
au 4—6m J. R. F. BURROUGHS,