A Convert from Romanism in the Ministry —Th
Now Ymk Loanyehxt -ay-:—I'he Presbyteria
chun h ol Lowell, Miss., lias extended a call t
the 11 v. F. 8 Calhoun Mr. Calhoun was tdu
cated ior the Romish pries h'>oi. After his oon
version he united with Rev. Mr. Dunn’s church
Boston, under who-e direction he prosecuted hi
studies (or the ministry, and was licensed by th
Presbytery of Boston last April.”
The Cost of a Meeting of the General Assembly
The, New Y-'i k Jdvanyt list -says: There in a uectdei
feed.ig in Western New York that the Genera
A seiublv might not to cO't the churches thirl
thousand do'lurs a year, to say nothing about th
expense ot entertaining its members, which is i
great tax upon the city where it meets. The de.-ir
lor a reduction ot the number of its members i
general at d strong, and the hope is cherished tha
the committee having the matter in charge will b
able to present a satisfactory report to the nex
Assembly that will speedily secure the ueedet
change.
Eegeneration in Baptism.—The Rev. Dr. Dix. o
Triimy chuiub. N. Y., city took occasion shortl;
alter the adjournment of the General Convention
^toreaffir-u tho doctrine of spiritual regeneratiot
in baptism, and with maiked emphasis.
Union Bible Seminary.—The United Brethrei
have established a tneulugioal school in Dayton
Ohio, designated as above. It was opened on th<
llib ol October. This furnishes another gratify
log proof that the ami education teudeoey whict
prevailed in the eariy history ot this denomiuatioi
is passing away, that both a literary and theologi
cal education are indispensable to the attainmen
of highest usefulness in the ministry, and the per
petuit) and progress of a denomination, lttv. D
K. F.tckinger slates, that eight students have al
ready euiered the Seminary, and that this nuinbei
will he d lubltd, ll not trebled, next year. Hi
then adds: "‘llad this Seminary been operiei
twenty years ago, the writer, and scores of others,
would have been better qual.fied for the work o;
the ministry.”
Eev. Alfred Cookman, a prominent minister in thi
Methodist chuith and pastoral Newark. N. J
died in that eity ou Monday night, in th j fifty fiti.1
year ot his age, his death being caused by para
lysis.
Editorial Eeward —The editor of th Lutheran
Dr. SSeiss, lu noticing the present ot a gold watcti
and a purse of money to Dr. Fisher, the editor ol
the Messenger, was ied by the laws of assoeiatioi.
to contrast nis own condition with that of his mort
fortunate contemporary, and in congratulating him,
makes also au acknowledgment of the kind of re
ward he has received fur his editorial labors, llert
it is:
He (Dr. Fisher) seems very happy under it (the
reward received,) and, no doubt, is; wherefore wt
congratulate him, though unable, from experience,
to-euter into his feelings. The returns brought ur
for our labors in similar relations are, no salary and
plenty of advice and abuse.
Convenient.—There is a church on Fifth avenue
New Yolk, with a glass door in its vestibule, so as
to enable those who have their “favorites” to get
a glance at the officiating miuister without disturb
ing tho congregation.
Episcopal Diversities.—While the bishops of the
Episcopal church declare their unanimous judg
ment, ihat the word "regenerate.” employed in
the baptismal service of a child, does not mean
that a moral change” takes place in such bap
tism, Dr. Adams, a professor in an Episcopal Theo
li gicai Seminary in Wisconsin, has just published a
treati.-e on Regeneration in Baptism,” maintain
ing the contrary. He says: *‘Regeneration takes
place in and by the sairament of baptism. The
man s sins are then all forgiven. The vital prin
ciple of a new life, the life of Christ, is then and
there implanted in him."
A congress ot English Episcopal clergymen has
recently been held at Nottingham The subject of
the "promotion of a deeper unity within the
church and among Christians generally” was in
troduced, and its discussion caused considerable
excitement.
“When Mr. Bavley, one of tho speakers, al
luded to the recent Episcopal ministrations in
Scotch churches, and expressed the hope that their
‘tentative efforts in the direction of union with
the Presbyterians-ought lo be followed up, there
was a perfect .storm of disapproval from the high
chuich portion ot the audience, and as loud a de
monstration ot approval on the other side, which
was again arid again renewed, when the speaker
sai dovi ii.”—Lutheran.
The Induction of the Rev. Wm. H. Ilornblower.
D. D as Piolessor of Preaching and Pastoral Care
in the Allegheny Seminary, took place on the
15th inst.
Syl- ester Woodbridge, Jr., II. D., Surgeon of the
steamship Moses Taylor, died at sea on the 3rd
inst., en route from Honolulu to San Fiancisco.—
Dr. Woodi riilge was the eldest son of Rev.
Dr. Woodhrtiige, editor of the Occident and pas
tor of the Howard Street Presbyterian church
San Francisco.
Rev. Dr. Nehemiah Adams, of Boston, who has
recently returned hum sailing around the world in
a ship commai.ded by his son, has given a small
volume ol ISO pages, presenting ihe incidents ol
his voyage and his observations by the way ot Cape
Horn, the Sandwich I-lauds and China It is a
beautitul btory of a lung and interesting journey.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
The Eolfiieris Monument at Hollywood.—One of
our missionaries in Braz-1 writes of a pile of r icks
near the Euiperor’s palace at Rio Janeiro, that is
covered with the vines of I.he Ivy and running
Rose, arid gave a good idea of what our Mono
ment will be in after years. The Ivy in that
country has a rapid growth, and we hope to obtain
some of the roots of that species for the Southern
side of our rock pile. Simple, rugged and mas
sive, the very sight of it touches cords in every
Southern heart, lor it tells of unflinching endu
rai'ce, ol undaunted heroism and of untiring de
votion.
Gen Early.—The lecture of the noble old hero to
the Survivors’ Association” at.Columbia S 0..
was most eh quent aDd impressive. We learn by a
private letter from the General that, there was
great interest and enthusiasm manifested in the
objects of the Association. He desires to have
the N. (J. Association organized and at work as
soon as possible. If the General will repeat his
addrr ss in our model towu, we have no doubt that
it would give an impulse to the organization.—
Southern Home, (Charlotte, N. 0.)
Several trains on the Union Pacific Railroad were
snow tiourrd on Monday, between Omaha and
Cheyenne.
A Eill repealing woman suffrage has passed the
lower branch of the Wyoming Legislature.
The Reports of the Agricultural Bureau on the
cotton crop prospi cts indicate a larger product thau
was expected in 0 tober.
Prof. Charles Phillips. —This distinguished schoi
ar has been lying ill at Davidson College for foui
weeks. On last Thursday, but, little hopes were
entertained of his recovery. But he is now irn
■proving. Prof. Phillips is not merely the greatest
living mathematical] in the State, but is also emi
nent as a theologian and has an exalted reputation
as a teacher. Lmg in-av he be spared in his ca
reerof usefulness.—Southern Home.
New Hall at Ashland.—The brick work of (he
elf gam new hallai Randolph Macori College. A-h
laod, in process of erection by the Wa-hington arid
Franklin literary societies ol that, institution, ha
just been completed by Messrs. Javens Ciarke
u* Alexandria. “The beauty of the brick” can
not be excelled.
The Signal Eureau. Previous to the violent storm
of wmu tnat swept almost across the whole terri
tory of the United States, when in some places
the velocity was as high as sixty miles an hour,
the Signal Bureau at Washington ordered caution
ary sigWaisai eighteen of the twenty s'gnal station
along tho Atlantic and lake coasts, and these wert
di-played in ail cases from five to fifteen hours in
advance of the stoirn. The efficiency of the
bureau was never more cleatly demonstiated, and
il the signals were duly regarded, it is quite possi
ble that enough property was saved on this single
occasion to pay a di zrn times over the covt o1
organizing and operating this most important
branch ol service.
FOREIGN ITEMS.
The Irish Presbyterian Church.—From the Min
utes of the Assembly lately published, it appean
that the total number of ministers is 528, and ihi
number of congregations 550.
The Irish Presbyterians are making arrange
ments to have a lay conference iu London, a
which representatives are to be present from al
the congregations in the country, in order to givi
gi a er txueoiion and completeness to their centra
Susteutation Fund.
French Protestantism,—It is estimated that ther
are lebs than two million Protestants in France
inc uded in the National Church. Fiee Church, th
Rdoimed, and other minor sects. Dr. de Pres
set.ee.' he dLsdngu shed a-tor ol the F ee Church
nrges ihe esiatii,si.incut o a Protestant schoo c
th ology and philosophy iu Paris a> a centre fo
disseminating the truth over France.
5 The new British expedition organised by the
l Palestine Exploration Fond, which has been it
j preparation f>ra considerable time has started toi
he H ily Land, under the charge of Capt.. R W
S'ewart. R K. Captain Stewart’s main work will
lie the eon plrtiou of the survey of Palestine. The
s Committee's programme embraces a period ol
j three or four years to complete the woik.
Alexis Alexandrovitch, the third surviving son of
the Czar of llus-ia, and lieutenant on board the
I f-igate Svetlana. arrived at New York on Nov. 19
I The formal reception by the United States Naval
l Squadron took place on Monday.
A Protestant School in Home—Mrs. Einilv Bliss
Gould. the daughter of the late Dr. Bliss, of
N Y and the int» I'igont Roman correspondent
of the Ol server the Evening Post, and the Church
1 man. has published an interesting pamphlet re
specting her school in Rome, which, as a labor of
J lnve‘. she opened last March with three pupils.—
The number increased in a few weeks to nearly a
hundred, and is now probably several hundreds.—
1 “Ti ere is no city in Europe,” she says, “where
the l ent fits of education are more thoroughly ap
predated and more eagerly sought for than now
i in Rome. I feel that. I may plead the high reli
gious, moral, and intellectual tone of the school,
the rapid improvement the children have made,
and the need for sound Christian education in
Rome, while I appeal to all who sympathize with
the new day of liberty which has dawned upon
Rome, for aid to contrive and multiply our labors."
Mrs. Gould appeals to her friends at home for
assistance in meeting the necessary expenses fur
rent, books, teachers &j as well as for the means
of enlarging her work. To those who know her,
and her earnest Christian activity,” her work
needs no recommendation.
In a Free Church. —It is noticed as a peculiarity
of the Argyll celebration, that the Duke of E fin
burgh.'who heard Dr. Guthrie preach on the Sun
day, was the first member of the rojal family who
had ever been present at worship in a Free church
sanctuary. The Princess Louise will uo doubt fie
a regular attendant with her husband at. 'he Church
of Scotland service, when residing in Scotland.
Critical Condition of the College of Cardinals.—The
condition of the Sacred College is becoming very
critical. Cardinal Arnat, aged seventy seven, has
had a fir ot apoplexy, and is very ill indeed. Car
dinal Clarelli, aged seventy three, has also had a fi
of apoplexy at Naples, and came hack to R ime
lately in a state which leaves little hope that he
will recover. Catdinal Barnabo. aged seventy one,
has gone nearly mad with an attack of gout on the
brain, while Cardinal Barili, aged seventy one. has
had two apoplectic seizures, one alter another.
Cardinals De Angelis, aged eighty one. De Aiama
da. aged ninety-one. and Billiet, aged ninetv. are
altogether past work, and should they survive the
Pope would be unable to take any part in a con
clave. Cardinal Caterini. aged seventy eight is
in his second childhood. Cardinal Guaglia suffers
from a disease which completely prostrates his
mental powers. Catdinal Donnet aged seventy
seven. is also in bis seco ,d childhood. Finally,
the youngest of the Cardinals, Cardinal Milesi
aged fifty five, is dying of consumption, flere we
have twelve members of the Sacred College inva
lid. On the other hand, there are twenty .four
vacant hats. There remain, therefore, only thirty
four Cardinals to form a conclave. It appears that
the Pope has quite determined not to create any
new ones, in order that his successor may be select
ed immediately on his decease. In this the Pope
is supported by the Jesuits, who are determim d
at all hazards to secure the tiara for Cardinal
Capalti Up to the pre-ent time all the efforts of
the Catholic Powers to induce the Pope to create
Caidinals have proved unavailing. But now the
moderate section of the Card.nals, who are opposed
to Patrizi and Capalti. begin to be alarmed at the
insignificance of their number, and are earnestly
urging the Pope to make some additions to the
Sacred College. Pall Mall Guztte.
Palestine Exploration Fund —The new English
expedition, which has been in preparation for a
considerable time, has just started for the Holy
Land. It has been placed under the charge of
Captain R VV. Stewart. Capt Stewart’s main
work will he the completion of the survey of
Palestine. How much this is wanted is only known,
perhaps, to map-makers and professional geogra
phers. but every one who has really studied the
Old Testament history can tell of undiscovered
sites and places whose positions seem to be lost
altogether. To rediscover these will be one of the
aims of the exploring party.
_ In Pekin (China a periodical of extraordinary
*iie is published. It is printed on silk It is said
to have been published tor 1 0 10 years. In the
year 1867, a State official caused an item of faise
news to t>e inserted and was punished with death
In the Parisian royal library there are a few num
bers of this periodical, each I3J- ells long.
A Firman has been issued by the Sultan of Tur
key directing his minister of Works to begin mak
iug sundry public improvements, in view of the
network ot railways about to be built by foreign
capitalists in the Ottoman dominions. Harbors
are to be improved, rivers made navigable, new
roads to be built, and old ones repaired.
England is making rapid purchases among the
islands of the Pacific'and Indian Oceans for the
simple reason that she dare not allow any other
great power to gain a foothold anywhere from the
northern ooasts of Australia to the Malayan 'Archi
pelago. It would endanger her British Empire in
India and in Australia.
The First Roman Catholic Mission ever, dispatched
from England to America sailed ou Saturday last.
1 he party coosits of f»ur priest.*, whose duty it
will be to labor exclusively among the colored peo
ple of the United States. After the celebration of
mass, previous to their departure, Archbishop
Manning addressed the missionaries. He said this
mission had been established by the Church in
England because this country had imposed slavery
on America, and it was fitting that Englishmen
should be the first to move for the amelioration of
the condition ot the newly-emancipated race.
A Unitarian Cloud, as yet no bieger than a man’s
hand seems rising over Italy This iucipient nim
bu> first disclosed itself at a municipal anniversary
gathering, held in Empoli near Florence Pro
lessor Soatbaro, of the University of Modena,
being rfLred the presidency of the meeting, pro
claimed to his somewhat miscellaneous audience,
the necessity in Italy of a new religious reforuia
tion, not a mere copy of the Protestant reforma
tion, but according to the principles of Liberal
Christianity in a word, free and wise return to
our traditions of Socinian rationalism, the glory
of our country." Another worker in this new fi :id
is Professor Bracehiforti, of Milan, who has tians
lated portions of the sermons of Robert Collyer.
Dr. Vance Smith, and Rev. ‘J. Martineau. He
reports that both the Protestant Consistory ot
Milan and the National Government are opposed
to the movement, and suggests that the best way
to secure a firm footing wnu d be to purchase one
of the abandoned ehuiclies, now often let out a
storehauses. He therefore calls upon the Arucri
can and British Unitarians to come forward with
the necessary money.
The Rev. Prof. Gibson, of Glasgow, dind on the
21 lust. A few days before hi* death Dr Gibson
was suddenly struck down by paralysis, and never
recovered from the severity of the blow. His age
was 72. He and the Rev. Dr. Begg were the
leaders of the movement against the proposed
union of the Free and United Presbyterian Church
es. When the Free Church College was erected
in Glasgow a number of "years ago. Dr. Gibson wa
appointed to the Chair of Church History and
Systematic Theology, Dr. Charles of Western
Moffat, who gave towards it a donation of £3U,00(),
.having made this a condition of the grant.
A Crumbling Empire.—The latest reports from
Austria are such as to occasion anxiety as to any
further progress in the direction of c institutional
government. It seems donbtful whether she can
secure a parliamentary quorum for bu-iness
While Germany is consoli lating her strength, Aus
tria seems crumbling back toward a chaos of ua
tionalities. There are large portions ot her empire
that have nothing in common but the same mon
arch. In language, political sympathy, social cus
toms, they are alienated from one another Eng
land has but one Ireland; Austria has at least half
a dozen, and the nucleus which ought to serve as a
centre ot attraction, is itself a centre of discord.
It is scarcely straoge that Russia betrays an undis
guised contempt for the present weakness ot her
once powerful neighbor.—New York Evangelist
The Pilger. commenting on the Pope’s proposed
removal from Rome, say-: It would probably be
best for the so-called ‘holy father,’ it he mu-t
move in his old age, to go right far. for instance
to Mecca or to his brother, the Dalai-Lama in
Thibet.”
Ministers from Germany.—The effort of the New
Yolk Mmisieiturn to obtain supplies forks church
ts from Germany, seems to have met with hut lit
I tie encouragement. In reply to a circular which
i was widely distributed in Germany, Harless, in
1 Munich, aod Plitt, in E langen, write that the
need of preachers at hnnj is too great to admit of
their sending them abroad. Similar replies came
from Wurtemburg.
A New Course —The Rev. Dr. John Caird. the
Church of Scotland’s Professor ot Divinity in the
University of Glasgow, has announ ed his inten
t ti to deliver a course if lecture' to ladies on
r ‘'Tire History of Religions.” This is a new course
for a Scotch Divinity Prolessor to take,
SPECIAL NOTICE.
N villk’s Pitching Machine. The notice o
this extraordina>y invention which appeared in ou
agricultural column last w ek, is worihy of ver;
special attent'on. It is declared by a committee o
most competent gentlemen appointed by Col. Hac
vie, the President of the Virginia Agricultural So
cieiy. to test its merits, that “at an average gate o
of a plough team of four-horse power, this machine
at each turrow, will gain a depth’ot one and a hal
inches, cut the di ch very smoothly, and doing the
r'it h ng. when we had it in a sandy soil very per
fectly. Tney say it is the best ditching machine
they have “ever seen.” One member of the com
mitt-e says, “I have seen this machine in a stifl
clay soil, with equally good ri su’ti as those men
tioned, and am satis-tied i hat it will cut 1,61)0 yards
per day, at a depth f three feet.”
This marhine is the invention of Mr. G. W. Ne
ville, who lives in the immediate vicin'ty of Rich
mond It is the re-ult ot years of anxious thought
and labor, and the expenditure of all the means iu
his hands. Like all contrivances of merit it has en
tire simplicity of plan, is capable of operating on
any ground where a plough could go, and can be
adjusted to making ditches of almost any width or
depth that is commonly needed. It is not liable to
bi eaking or getting out of order, and can be sold
for a sum probably not exceeding $12). We bo| e
that it may be a source of profit commensura e with
the vas-t benefit which it ptomises to confer upon the
country. It is impossible to calculate the value of
such a machine in any part of the world, espec ally
in a country like ours.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The subscriber. Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds f AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
a d Pla tation Machinery. He also makes a spe
cialty of PLOWS of all the various varieties fir
the Southern Trade Having established himself
in Warehouse No. 40 and 42 I ight St., corner of
Lombard St. Baltimore, respectfully nvites all his
old customers and others intere-ted in such wares
to g ve him a call and examine his stock, which will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as n oder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MaYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—6tn Biltimore Md
gained,
November 14th. at I cho Hill, Mecklenburg Co.
Va., by Rev. F N. Whaley, Wi.lam 0 Johnson,
of Louisa county, Va., and Mrs. Petronella L.
Turpin.
November 1st, in Moorefield, West Va., by the
Rev George W. White. William H. Miller, ol
Romney, and Miss Matilda C. Brown.
November 16th, by the same, David P. Vanmeter
of Hardy and Miss Kate A. Seymour, of Grant
county, vVest Va.
November 16th, at the residence of the bride’s
father, Greenville, Augus'a county, Va., by ihe
Rev. John 1. Randolph W. P. s'. KandoiPH. Esq
of Albetnar e atrd Miss Mary R. Smiih, daughter
of Wm. F. Smith, Esq.
November 16th. at the residence of Henry Hamil
ton, Augusta County, Va by Rev. G. B ^trickier
Ur Williams. Fl-urnoy, of Charlotte C. H, Va..
and Miss Be t tie A. Wilson, daughter of the late
Daniel Wilson, of Augusta.
November I6th, near Max Meadows, Wythe Co..
Va by Rev. William S. Lacy, T. J. Hanson and
Miss Mittib R. Crockett, daughter of Samuel K.
Crockett, all of Wythe county.
November 21st, at Cedar Run, Wythe Co., Va..
the residence of Major David P. Oraham, by the
Rev Willi,mS. Lacy, J. Wilhamson MoGavock
and Miss Emily M. Graham, daughter ot the late
David Graham, Esq.
October 24th. by Rev. Harvey G'lmore, at the
resi lence of the bride’s father. Henry Moore and
Miss Mattie Oii.mohe, daughter of William C. Gil
more. ot Rockbridge, Va.
October 17th, by the same, William L. Coleman
and VIiss Mary Beard, daughter of William Beard,
of Augusta, Va.
November loth, at Sunnyside, the residence of the
bride’s father in Frederick county, Va by the Rev.
AilliamO. Meredith, Dr Davikl Burr Conrad, of
Virginia, and Susie, only child of Dr. William A.
Davis.
November 9th, at the residence of the officiating
minister, Dr. J. Leighton Wilson, his adopted
daughter, Mi s Cornelia Die Heer and Joseph C.
Scott, ail of Sumter couuty, S. C.
November 9th, by the Rev. J. Rice Bowman. J.
S -mui-l Harnvbekger, Etq of Hartisonbu-g, Va
and Miss Carrie V Harnsbi-rgxk, daughter of Dr
George W. Harusberger, of East Rockingham
November 22d. by the same Col. Henry McCoy,
of Ral ituore, and Miss Elizabeth Pinknei Gray
daughter of 0. D. Gray, Esq of Harrisonburg, Va
November 15th, at Brownsville N. C the resi
dence of Hon. S. W. Venable the bride's grand
father, by the Rev S Taylor Martin, I r A'I-x-n
der S. Jones, of Warren, N. C aud Miss Ball
Daniel
November 23d at Fernandina, F a., by Rev. O.
P. Thackera Col. M W. Downie and Miss Bettie
Morton Payne.
©bitnnms.
Died September 4th near F.ii fi-ld, Va., Miss
Rachel Wilson, diughter Samuel V\ ilaon, deceased
Died, in this city. November 22d, Mrs Virginia
J. Bn i.kk, wife of William F. Butler, in the 67th
j ear of her age.
Died, in this city, November 2‘2d William F
Johnston, eldest son of the late Captaiu James M.
Johnston, in ihe 47th year of his age.
Died, November 25, in this city, very suddenly
Captain R beiit D. Minor,'formerly of the Conf-de
rate .States Navy, and at the time of his death Chief
Engineer of the James River Improvement, aged 43
years.
Died, a1 Dobbs Ferry, on the Hudson, November
6th Catherine D Greeni.iaf, wife of John i> Mc
Kenz e and daughter of the late Rev. Dr. Jonathan
Greetileaf ot Brooklyn, New York.
Died September 2'2d at 'he residence of her son.
Wm. H. B iley, in Charlotte county, Va., Mrs
Ma;<y Bailky in the 79 h year of her age.
This exceil-nt w-man "tame t) her grave in a
full age. bke as a shock of corn eometh in his sea
son.” She had been a member of the Vibare
(Presbyterian) church at Charlotte Court H.u-e
Ir.m its organization. Former than hirty years a
widow, she set before her rrtends and famly a bright
example of serene and cheerf I pbty. and trust in
God. It can be truly said of he-, that she had the
ornament of a meek and quiet spirit and that in her
tongue was the law of kindness In ail therela ions
of life she was without reproach. She was a good
tie ghbor, a steadfast friend, a loving parent and an
humble Christian In her spirit th're was no guile
From the trials and sutferings of earth, wh'oh she
had borne, with so much meekness and -ubmissi m,
she was suddenly called to her rest in (leaven. The
summons came unexpectedly to her lamily, but not
to herself. She had her loim girded about, and her
lamp b rning, and was patiently awaiting the com
ing of her Loid Her end was peace.
Weep not, she is not dead but sdeepeth. Who
soever livetli. and believeth in me shall never die.”
Commercial Matters,
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, November 28, 1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 111 J. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacco Market.
Lugs, old, $6@$8.50 Primings, $2.60@$5;Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $ti.60fel0. Fine Shipping, $10
(y, 15; Common Wrappers, $6(o}12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $16@65.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9(ai9£c. Shoulders. 8f@8ic.;
plain hams, 14ta)16c.; canvassed hams, 18c
Flour.—Superfine, $7.60@8; Extra, $8@8.25;
Family, $9.
Meal—Bolted, 85c.
Coffee.—Java, 26@30c.; Laguayra, 2'2@24c.;
Rio, 22(o|23c.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14$@15c.; refined extra “C.”
13c.; brown, 11 (a) 13c.
Molasses.—Cuba. 26f2)27c.; Porto Rico, 50t®75c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25(a)30c.j Common 20@
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool. $2 60.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@15c.;
tallow, 15c.
Beks Wax—28o.
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.26. Clover hay,
95<a)»l.
Wool—Washed, 65(?65c.: unwashed. 30(W45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1.50@1 7 rec
I $1.5o@l.67; corn, 60(u6i)C.; oats, 55(a;80c.; ryt
$1
Flax Skkd.—$I.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.26
Herd grass seed, $2.
i- Kish.—Mackerel,No. 1, $27@28; kits,$S.60@6
Herrings. $6(<ri7J.
Fkk^h Mrats &c.—Beef, nett, 6@9c.; mutton
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.
Lard—12@13 cents.
Eons—Per dozen, 23@25 cents.
Chickens— 16(jj35 cents.
Dried Apples—5(H}9e.; peaches, 12@16c.
Co rTON—20(<£26 cents.
Feathers—50(<i 75 cents.
Lime—$1.G6@$1.70.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 12£@16; 9<7fnOe.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20@26.
Shingles Virginia heart, $3(«16.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flou:
barrel staves, $7@8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
A LADY who has taught successfully lor severa
years desires a Situaii n either in a tamily oi
sci.ool. bhe is qualified to give instruction in highei
English, Mathematics. French, aud Music.
Reterenees exchanged.
Address Mi.-s M.,
no 29—4t Fancy Hill, Rockbridge Cj Va.
MITH CURLETT,
MANUFACTURERS OF
SOAPS

CANDLES.
Corner of Holliday and Pleasant Streets,
no 29 —6m BALTIMORE, MD.
“GOLDEN CHORD,”
Established 1846.
T hey are unrivaled.
H armony of parts perfect.
E very good judge prefers them.
E ach Organ is fully warranted.
S i gers like them because they sustain voice.
T one always pure and full
E very thing about the n is first class.
Y ou will be delighted if you buy one.
0 ne trial will convince you of their superiority.
R ound rich and le-nnaut tone.
G rand Orchestral rffe -'a produced.
A 11 tastes can be gr* ified.
N o harsh, buzzing or leedy tones.
S tand as the leading organs.
First Class Pianos from $300 to $1,600.
H. SANDERS CO., General Agents,
79 West Fayette St,,
no 29—6m Baltimore, Md.
raw BULL BROTHERS,
_
FOR CHRISTMAS!
STANDARD BOOKS,
ILLUSTRATED BOOKS,
LONDON, PARIS, AND VIENNA.
NOVELTIES
SUITABLE FOB GIFTS.
Send for our Christmas Catalogue, mailed free,
No. 8, North Charlf.s St.,
no 29—4t BALTIMORE, MD.
1,000 VOLUMES,
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST KATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depositor? American Tract Society,
914 Main St.. Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
je 21—tf
ANEW STA LE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruary 3d 1871.) of French Calf, stitched rflj
to order for $7 60. All styles, own make, for’
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., oue door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
rriROY, N. YOttK.—(Established 1862,) a large
X assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made tc
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
fin.) Hung with Kotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. All Bells Warranted
Satisfactory.
8®“ Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JO NFS CO.. Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
THS' MENEELY BELL FOUNDERY.
.vssr
(Established in 1826.)
BE! LS for Churches. Academies.
actories, etc. of which more have
tieen made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in 'he
country combined. All Bells war
ranted ,u illustrated catalogue sent free u on ap
plication to E. A. G. R- MENEELY,
jy 6—ly West Troy, N. Y.
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,’
Established in 1837.
Superior Bells for Churches,
Schools, etc., of Pn re Cop
per and Tin, fully war
runted, and mounted with
our Latest Improved
Rotary Hangings, the
best in use.
Illustrated Catalogue sent free.
VANDUZEN TIFT,
102 h 10i E. Second St., Cincinnati,
JOSHUA REGISTER SUNS,
BALTIMORE
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKU THE BEST BELLS IN USE.
S3 55 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md,
ap 12 ly _
■pRUTT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietor of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed iheir office to Columbian Block (Corn Ex
change Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
and Cary streets.
The stock for the fall trade is unusually fine,
large and well-grown, embr c ng a full assortment
of Apple. Peach Pear, Plum Cherry, and oiher
bruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus together with Ornamental Trees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, &c &c.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
address
JOHN M. ALLAN, General Agent,
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.
JAMES ARMSTRONG CO.
27, 28, 31 Concord St 6, 8, 10 W. Falls Avenue,
Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture and keep constantly on hand their
celebrated brands of FAMILY SOAPS, embracing
BEST FAM1I.Y, MAMMOTH LAUNDRY, CHEMICAL
OLIVE, AND WOMAN’S FRIEND, ic.
All of which are warranted pure and equl to any
Northern soaps now on the market,
ap 26 -6m
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange
11 _tf
Rifles, shot-guns, revolvers, gun
MATERIAL. Wr te tor Price List, to Great
YVbatbrn uun Works, Pitti-burgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, &c bought or tradtd for.
1 Agents wanted. s jy 26—6m
FREE TO BOOK AGENTS.
We will send a handsome Pr'specius of our Ke
1 lustrut'd Fum:ly Bible containing over 200 fin
'cri,.ture lllustratio s to an; Book Agent, tree
charge
Address National Publishing Co..
no 22 -lm Pniladelphia, Pa.
QAKDOZO, KOUKQUKEAN, AGO.,
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have jit't received large additions to their Stoc
of D .ESS GOOHS, SILKS, t LoaKS. SllAWLS
LaCKS, NECh-lIcS Ac. Their stock of
BLACK GOi'DS
is larger and more varied than usual, containin
ever; slyte and variety worn in this maiket; all o
which
WtLL BE SOLD VERY LOW.
no 2 i—t.f
jg A M P L E S.
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
Baltimore, Md.
Desiring to continue serving their friends at tbi
South, will send SA M PLES tmarked with width ant
price of each) of any kind of
DRY GOODS
Of English, French or American manufacture. We
will pay Express freight on all purchases from ui
amounting to
$20 and over,
but parties whose orders are unaccompanied hy the
cash (either Bank check or Post office order) must
pay the Express C<>mi any for the return of money
in se tleuieut of their bill,
no 22—ly
Over ONE HUNDRED PAGES—printed in
Two dolors, on superb Tinted Paper.
Foir Hundred Engravings of Flowers, Plants
and Vegetables, with Descriptions, and TWO
COLORED PLATES.-Directions and
Plans for making Walks, Lawns, Gardens,
&c.-‘-The handsomest and best I'lorill
Guide in the World.-All for Tell
Cents, to those who think of buyins Seeds.
—Not a quarter the cost-200,000 sold
of 1871. Address
JAMES VICK, Rochester, Y.
no 22—3t
JuHN W. RISON,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our 8'ock of Dr gs, Medicines. Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc4-tf. JOHN W. RISON.
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St Baltimore, Md.
LANCASTER CO.,
-STOCK AMD EXCHANGE BROKERS
AND BANKERS,
Main Street between 11th and 12th streets.
DEAL in Bonds, Stocks, Exchange Gold, Silver
,nd Bank notes. Receive Deposits. Negotiate loans
snv 1 —1 v
WOOD AND COAL.
YARD AND 0FFIC1
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly on and the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WuOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL
at lowest market prices.
an 4 6m .1. R. F. BURROUGHS.
A
NTHEAC1TE
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
BITUMINOUS
mr 29—ly
S. H. HAWES,
18th and Cary StB.. Richmond.
James Gordon. John N. Gohdon, Jr
JOHN N GORDON’S SONS,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
AND
DEALERS IN METALS, GRINDSTONES, Ac.
Pearl Block, Fourteenth Street,
Between Main and Cary Streets,
RICHMOND, VA.
no 1—6m
SEWING MACHINES FOR THE
DESTITUTE
DESIRING to do mv part toward helping the
needy, and be ievii g that systematic and diver-ified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, 1
•therefore propose to furnish a SEWlNG MACHlNh
to one worthy person who has to earn a living b
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia ami North
Carolina, at a reduction of ONE-THIRD FROM
HE I AIL PRICE. One order from a member ot
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge as a worthy objec* of benevolence
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Addiess JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Wilieox A Gibbs S. M., Ufli e Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bank Stre-ts, Richmond Va.
THOMAS H. STANFORD,
SHOE EMPORIUM,
Jr.,
604 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
504
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly tor our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladles’ Lasting Dutton Hods, patent-leather Vamps, $3
1 Laced Boats 3 76
Hutton Hoots, Kid Yatnps, 8 2;
I n Laced 11 2 ft,
Plain Lasting Hutton Boots, 2 76
*i Laced 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfec1 ion of (it guaranteed Goods sent to any
partol the country, per order. COD.
refers by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8 ly
H GREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS—Do
§js you want an agency, local or traveling with an
IIB opportunity to matte $5 to $S0 a day selling
BiH lir llKW strand White Wiie Clothes Linesf
flUll They last, forever; samples ftee so there is no
tsk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
o ks corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, ill.
au 23—6m
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 W est Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
AH orders will be promptly /died.
my 10—ly
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DTJFTJR CO.,
86 North Howard Street, Baltimore, ltd.
Manufacture Wise Rai inq lor Cemeteries, Balco
nies, &c Sieves Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Goal Screens, Woven Wire, Ac.
A «n Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, Ac., Ac,
ap 26—ly
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
UNEQUALLED
IN POWER
f AND
BEAUTY OF TONE.
Prices from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT A HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ Warerooras,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
SJXIY-FIVE FIRST PRIZE MEDALS AWARDED.
THE GREAT
SOUTHERN-PIANO
Manufactory.
WM. KNABE CO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
GRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT
PIANO FORTES,
Baltimore, Hd.
These Instrument have been before the Public
for nearly 1 hirty Years, and upon their excellence
alone attained an unpurchased pre-eminence, which
pronounces them unequaled, in
TONE,
TOUCH.
WORKMANSHIP
And DURABILITY.
AH our Square Pianos have our New Im
proved OvtcttsrRUNO si'ai.k and the Aohaffs I'kkblk.
We would call special attenti n to our late Pa
tented Improvements in GRAND PI NOS and
"QUaHE GFtAND.S, found in no other Piano,
winch bring the Piano nearer Per.ection than has
yet been attained.
Every Piano Fully Warranted for Five Years
We are by special arrangement ennb ed to furnish
PARLOR (HiG NS and M ELUDE->NS of the
most ce ebrated makers, Wholesale and Jietail at
lowest Facto y Prices
Illuftrated Catalogues and Price Lists promptly
furnished on application to
WM. KNABE CO.,
Baltimore. Md.,
Or to Woouhousb Parham, Sole Agents.
no 8—4m Rich turn d Va.
!y-£ASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send for illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
gTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED FIAN0-E0RTE8.
THESE Pianos, now universally ackn wlo-tged tn
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of t' e world can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE A SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clo'hie-s and Dealers in Gentle
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CI/'THS CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac and with the best cutters a d workmen, ran
,nd do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents for the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAVVEdS. mar 8 —tf
JOHN BOWERS,
erccKsson to
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
AANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, 8HEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaces,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, i ll kinds and siz s of
Lead. V\ rouglu Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing Gas and Steam Fitting
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FlttE PLACE STOVE.
For heating thr-e or more rooms 260 to 300
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
L, P. BROCKEIT’S popular history ol the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that miylily strugge and its
momentous resul.s. 61 pages, nearly 160 spirited
illustrations, price only $>2 60. 6O,l00 copies al
ready Hold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man and is beyond tpie lion the la-test selling book
extant. Hide awoke, energetic agents wanted.—
Terms extra, and ireights prepaid
Address HUbBaKU BitOS, Publishers,
sep 6 —ly 723 Sa son btreet Philadelphia.
■VTEW PHOTOGRAPH GabLERY.
W. G. R. FRAY8ER
has opened a new and splendid
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY,
IN
STEARN’S BUILDING. No. 1011 Main street,
immediately opposite the post office,
to which he invites the attention ot his
friends and the public generally.
The Gallery is fitted up in the most handsome
style, and supplied with the instruments of the new
est and most improved patterns, including
DALLMEYER’S NEW PATENT PORTRAIT LENS.
Having himself been in the business since 1862.
(latterly with Messrs. C. K. Rees Co.,) and
horoughly understanding it in all its departments,
he feels satisfied that with the aid of the compitent
artists which he has in his emi loyment, entire satis
faction will be given to his pa rons
Photographs will be taken in every style known
to the art, and finnhrd in the neat' st and beat.style.
Orders lor Life-Size Piotukeh executed upon
canvas finished in Oil Colors India Ink, Cra; on, or
Wateif Colors Also KEMBRANor’s and.Medallion.
OahdADevisite.
W. G. R. FRAYSER,
W 9—tf I0U Main sirtot,
J^IMK FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Farm-rs wanting LIME would do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered ibis win
ter. when Ire ghu will bo lower Payments to b*
nude in the spring, or longer, if required, to re
sponsible parlies.
BOWEN k ME <CER,
Lime Burners, No. 65 S. Gay street,
oc 25—lin Baltimore.
'yyATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, R cumond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCI1E3, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Reautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—3m
Attention, Agents Think of This
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
Copies of Brocketl's History of the Franco German
War sold first tit) days. It now contains a lull his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 160 elegant illustrations and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.60.
Incomplet- works, written in the interest of the
Irish and French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and. for want ot merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brocketl's in both Eng
lish and German, is tho most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fust selling work extant. Look
to your in erests, strike quickly aud you can coin
money, t irculars free, and terms excelled by non*.
Address J. W. GOOUSPKED k CO
87 Park Row, N. Y., or 143 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly 6
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Bai.timokk St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less prolit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full slock of Envlish and Swis*
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
links. Spoons. Knives,
Clocks. Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums lor Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18 —ly
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE. 77
Read (he following for RISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician
“I cerify that l commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869 ‘und after u-ing
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, al de-ire for tobacco was eradicated, after
b' ing an tnte erale tobacco chewer and smoker lor
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfret’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—if
BAPTIZED EIRE.
THE
Chicago Phenix.
A UNIVERSAL NEWSPAPER.
Read the following1.
A popular weekly p ip"r for the times, embracing
the leading features of those journals destroyed by
the teriible conllagralion. and combining just such
a corps of writers ns will give the public all the news
of the week, in a condensed compilation of the lead
ing journals of the nation, and the world.
A TRUTHFUL RECORD.
The Phenix will be the most truthful and reliable
recorder of incidents and facts concerning the great
Gre, ever published.
ACCOUNTS OF THE FIRE.
It will contain only such accounts as are vouched
for by reliable witnesses, and will correct the erro-
neons and fabricated statements of sensational
writers.
CniCAOO AND THE NEWS.
It will, for a time, be devoted especially to the
past, present and future of Chicago, besides being
the most complete weekly newspaper in the world.
FIRESIDE COMPANION AUD NEWSPAPER.
Its columns are devoted to News, Commerce,
Science, Literature, Art, Drama, Music, Humor,
Pastime, Poetry, Lashion, Society news, and enough
of Romance to make it a most desirable fireside
companion, ns well as the most reliable and com
plete newipaper for the business man in the count
ing-room.
BEAUTIFUL ILLUSTRATIONS.
It will be illus'rated with engravings taken from
Photogiaphs of the Chicago Ruins, instead of
sketches “By Our Special Artist” who was not
•‘on the spot;” and thus give a series of perfect
vitws, not obtainable elsewhere, and the first num
ber will contain the only correct map of the burned
city.
HAPPY HOURS.
That beautiful literary journal, “Happy Hours,’’
whose publisher was the first to issue a paper to
meet the public demand, after the awful fire, has
been merged into the literary dep-rtment of the
Pit BN tx, which will embruce tho contributions of
more than sixty of the most popular writers of the
day.
A SPECIAL FEATURE.
The Piienix will contain, ns an <special feature, a
more complete record of incidents and results of
the late terrible fire, than can be found in any book,
papgr or other publication in the country. So nu
merous and inaccurate have been the accounts sent
forth, that something reliable and readable is eager-,
ly sought at this time, and The Pubnix will fill the
bill.
A PAPER FOR TnE PEOPLE.
The Piienix is the ilieapcst paper in America,
being an eight page, forty column weekly, at only
two dollars a year; in fact it shall be the. paper for
the people and the times.
THE FIRST NUMBER.
The first number will be issued on Saturday. Nor.
11th, and will be the paper wanted by every body,
as a record worth preserving or to send away, and
for its accurate illustrations.
ITS BASIS.
It is a consolidation of other journals, and there
‘ore on a solid foundation, continuing their former
circulation.
New subscribers.
To.any pprson who gets us three new subscribers,
we wid send The Phenix for one year tree, or one
,f our beautiful prize, steel plate engravings worth
$2.50.
PREMIUMS.
For the pnrpose ol rapidly increasing oor sub
scription list before the close of the present year,
we will give to every person who subscribers for the
Phenix during the month of November, a beautiful
steel plate engraving, worth $2.60, half a dollar
more than the pi ice ol subscription. No such op
porluni'y was ever before given, and probably never
will be again. Avail yourself of it. Lngrivings
will be promptly "nd sately sent by mail or delivered
at this office, as subscribers may w.sh.
subscribe now.
Send in your names and subscriptions at once,
and sustain this great, newspaper enterprise Price
of subscription only $2 per year. Single copies
cents. Agen s wanted everywhere.
PHENIX PUBLISHING CO.,
62 West Madison 8ireet,
Chicago, 111*.
no 16—ly