0 BBeTameBaaWaBsWaBsWa
Wedaeede. lfTsmber I, I in.
S4(cI Hrpoerliy.
Whoever deeoBBOS wroeg ra lor f
the right, St eatilled to the reepec, of tht
pablio lor io doiag j Pal he who deaoeaee
on wroe; for the purpose of dhtreting
pablio a.Uo.ion from ft g raier ono, U him-
ir oo better tnaa tbo wort, wronf 4oor.
The Radioa! pre and tu Rdiol tomp
orator, who lave of ItU beea to fooifefooi
in their deanaciatioa of Taniejaay official,
io New York City, coma properly ander tbo
latter description. Tboir sseealng virtuous
indignation U bat tbo exercise of tbo inotl
abominable avpocriiy. Kaowiag- tbo d-a-
narata situation ia which that were to be
r
plaoed is defease of 0 corrupt and profligate
B-lministratioa, ftnd ft general port policy
of robbery ftnd oppression, tbey sought to
create a divertioa io tbeir favor by turning
tbo atteatioa of tbo whol.- people to tbo
alleged corruptions of the New York City
Govsrament, tbe responsibility for which
tbey tboagbt to tetten npoa tbe Pemocretio
party generally bet tbry bare failed aoit
ignomioioni'y of the accomplishment of
tbeir object.
The Democralio party of Niw York
Stale and of New York City alto, are deter
mined that juitica iball be dooa ia tbe
premiaee, that whoever bet done wrong eh all
suffer ihe consequences, bo they Democrats
or Republicans. Th:y bare manifested
dispoaitioo and ability to take care of tbeir
owe matters, and bare instituted thorough
investigation into tbe management of tbe
oity affairs. The Radioa's are consequently
noaplnsed. Tbeir ehow of virtoon iedijr
netioo, their naaifeetetioa of tender regard
for the people who were suffering from tbe
depredatioo of oOioial thieve and plan
erere, au goes fur nothing, ibey bow
manifest bo joy that justica ia to b done
and tbe aceased brought to trial not a b
of it. Tbey eare sothing for jostioe, aothing
for tbe rights of the people. Political eapi
tal wae what they ware afiar, and aow that
itbaaslipped from tbeir grasp, thr indulge
ia sullen anger.
If these Radical newspapers and orators
would bare tbe people really belie that
the are laboring only for the public good
iaetoad of Ihe bases! and coatees! parposee
of partieaa adraatage, let them deeounoe
and expose official corruption where'er it
eiiste. Kspeeially let them condemn tbe
reprehensible practice of peddlmr cot offices
of trust and emolument in exchange for
presents aad personal favors. Let tbeea
eiert tbrmele to bring to justice at the
bar of pablio opinion, and nowhere else, the
theivae aad rebbera who steal from tbebaid.
working Deoiis of our lead the earn of
eight hundred million dollars per annum,
through the operations of the infamous
protective tariff, and those theives aad rob
bers who have tattooed themselves upon tbe
people of tbe South, and are draining tbe
land of the last vestige of its wealth, and
piling np mountains of debt opoa the
sboulden of tbe people ail ander the pro
tection of Radioal "reconstruction," and by
tbe virtue of Ibe bayooets of the usurper
Grant, who lolls away bis ticre at bis marine
villa, while hi defaulting officials are st til
ing tbe pablio funds by millions, end amuses
himself bj pardoning a vile adultnrer and
bigamist, that be may become tbe standard
bearer of Radicalism in South Carolina.
Till articlee la Ihe M Louis Krpubliran
advising that no T'emncratio nominatioos
lor President and Vice Prestdenl b made
ia 1 fT2, have been widely copied aad highly
eutogued by the Republican press generally,
while the Oermaa portion of that press have
aoonpted them as forerunners of ft new party,
igaoriog both tbe old principles already
thrown aside by the lemoctacy as obsolete
errors of a byjrone age aad the rotten favor
itism and pelf hunting, plaoa mongrring of
moribund Republicanism. The Cincinnati
Enquirer roe so far as to say that Carl
Sohorz is the author of three new party
articles. This the Jteauhtiran denies in tbe
following words:
Tbe "reliable authority" of the Enquirer
io refereaoe to Ibe author of the UepubUean
artiole is not reliable at all. Va should
gladly make use of editorial cooiribatioa
trom so forcible and able a pen as Senator
Schurz, the matter being such as our judg
ment oould approve. There ie atill a con
siderable difforonoe between the views of
the beualor and tliose held by the
K nihil -an on political question, and
we are not sure that the arguments we have
empluyed are precisely those that stetemaa
would put forth shonld be write for our col
umns. At aey rate, Senator Schurz ban
never written ft Hue which has appeared
editorial! ia tbia paper. or bava we aver
consulted him, or be as, in relation to the
coarse alluded to by th Enquirer. We
never had aa opportunity te eonverea with
the Senator oa political topic at rJl nntil
sem time after the election of last Tear:
and Drevious to the appearance ot the first
"no nomination" article in onr paper bad
not exchanged half duiea with him oral
or written for months. All of. the artioies
referred to have been auggetted and pre
pared ia this office, ftnd are the productions
of brain eonclantlv active, in many a cam
paign and at all times, fur the promotion of
liamocratio interest. Wa persume tbe
Knqairer did sol mean to call in question
the good faith of tbe Republican towards
the Democratic party by its statement rela
tive tj our editorials being written by ft Re
publican Senator; yet such a statement from
a sonree eo respectable calls for a reply, and
we have tried to make it explicit.
Co Los ft. Dodorcbtt, warden of the Mic
eouri penitentiary, delivered before tbe Na
tional feline Convention an address on
the causes, punishment and prevention of
crime. Tbe pre-eminent canse of crime
he states to be drunkenness, want of home
training, want of acbool education, destitu
tion, orphanage, extravagance in dra.
gambling, and the perusal of obsene books;
whiob nobody feels ao inclination to dispute
liut the Colonel's idea that legislation can
extingnish tksa oausea ftnd prevent the
crimes to which they load, is neither ft new
one nor a very sound one. Legislation Osn
not destroy a man's thirst for alcohol. It
cannot guide and control parents ia the
home training of their children. It oannot
give to the unfortunate or improvident
plenty, or preveai orphanage, er cure the
diaease ia vain natures that crops out ia ex
travagance in dress, n cannot stop gamb
ling, or if it eaa, it will B0t. it 0M, how
ever, abate tbe evil and nuisance ofobaoaua
books, by punishing dealers and hawkers
VTe shall expeot to see crime cease, when
everybody becomes naturally virtuous, and
not beeause a law forbidding it passes a
state legislature.
Tbe editor of the New York Commercial
says ha read it just forty seven times ia forty-eight
boors that "Chicago will arise like
pha-nix from the ashes." If a ay writer
a see the phrase again tbo editor hopes "the
fire-proof Bird will drop ft few hot oioders on
a the head of the maa who doaa it."
IIBOIAii 4.,,yawMM.,M,.. MllTLKg lem-
CB10IIC A1LMEST8;
TertleBlarly Berofala, have o'r origtB U aa
Hl-..aai off imMIN aiHMt. w WS net SCO 0V-
4a Darrens cleg er ing ""WtU weight wf
these ill-treated diaaee euceriag eat by piece
meal the remaia of a former malady f Wfcp is
It r It I becae.se the treatment wa aot sella
ble or left eft toe eeoa. Thus the petltat is
patched ap while the drags are allowed te re.
Bala to break eat egeie evea ia fatare geaera-
ik .ii.treated dissese snfferiagoBt by pi
tloas. Maay euuei ne i ei oereteia to
reela ia the sy etsm for a life tine. Ulsersand
sore tket are eating away the very foantain of
life are allowed to go oa. Pimples, blotohec,
and tettartaUe dlsugare the faees of tkaaianda.
There is ao aeoeesttv for ibis lamenUbie eendl-
tiea. as a few bottles of the Sasiarltaa's Koet
est Herb Jaiee wtu araeieaestM ioui taiat. in
all bad ases we will fernlsh the remedy free of
charge until a eure is enoetea, tbas proving be
yond a doubt that all eaa be eared, Pimple
aad blotones lemovea, teereov sanac many an
tleeeaat reinarba. Ladles whs desire a brilliaoi
eompleaiea sheald ase the taesarttaB's See and
Hero Jateee. rriee i Mi par bottle.
m waa. UjjtMftaAeWi
Disease rising from indiseretiea have beea
tree 14 with Baleest Oepaiba aad Mercarv. aa
lii tbe eSemaehs of palieats asing them became
e aaaseated aad weakened that it was hard to
deetdc wktok was the worst eoatwlaiat, the dls
ordered etomaoh or Ihe origin el diseae. At
leagtktheSaetaritaa'a Sift made ite advent, and
aa entire It new svetem of eare was laaagnrated,
aad the beoetieial resalts at eaee seen. The dis-
astlag drairs and poisons were dlsearded. and
to-aay the wlft Is presorlbea bv aambere of Ike
leaalng rkvsioiaoei yet, notejuaelaBdiag, tke
Bamarilaa t win it taowa le be a positive eare.
parely vegetable, aad pleasaat te use, as ealy
tea Bills have to be takea, many eld aaU-delavi-
ane will itiek te tbeir eiecealag drugs and gorge
their palieats for weeks -perkaps months,
M ita a loag tea ana ft big bill any
tliiag to do with K? Male paekagos $2; Female
eVl. .ent by mail, vf a cannot avoid eallisg the
etteatlea et'deltoata femalee te the Bamantaa't
Sift as a positive eare for Whites; By following
direction yon will sooa gel rid of thai troable
ooae d irasse, and beeame robast aad hearty.
Sold by Druggists geeerally.
DKeMIND k 00. FreVrs.
lS Raee ttreet, Philadelphia, Te.
Cits. Bacsaa, core or Illinois aed Market
street, Agvatfcr Reek Islaad.
mebftdwly
IHE IM BISHOP SQULE.
IT IS A WILT. ISTABIISHBD TACT
that any article whloh hat been tlieroaghly
tested, and whloh lavarlably gives satisfaouea,
mast be a good arliole.
BleOOP. SOILK'S LIMSiENT
toveatcd by the late BISHOP B0CL1, ha
proved by Its ewa merits, that it has ao equal ia
be world fer Ihe eare of
Sciatica, Inflammatory and Chronic Kheu-
malum, Neuralgia, kidney ana bfnnal
Complaint, Sort Throat. Lame Httek,
Sprain, if.. Thii Liniment vill
tnitdMily stop ail pain eaued
hy Burn.
fave yoar Doctor's bill; bsy it; try It; ate
aottiag else, aad yea vosH aot be without It in
Sour hoese for ten times Its cost. BISHOP
OCLI'2! LlKIJflST will eure all of tbe above
eemplaiaia, aad la the only sere core for that
dreadful disease eciariCA. Per sale by Drag'
gists. Price 75 els. aad $1.71 per eottie.
P. W. RYDIK ft BOX. Proprietors.
j.Hdelr BOSTON, at ABS.
n ATC H ELOH'N HAIB DYE.
This superb Hir D;, Is the hrit in Ms world
perfectly harmlesc.reliable Md iaeteataaeone:
ae disappolDtmcat; ne ridiealoas tiats or dis
agreeable odor. Tbe freaeiae Wm. A. Batcbe
lat'e Heir Dye predaees Immbbiatbit asplea
dtd Black or Nataral Browa, leaves the bair
titan, nt, beautiful doec aot contain a parti -ele
of lead or asy injurious eoaipnund. Bold by
all Druggists. Factory, 18 Bond street, N. T.
1 H F. Git K AT PDKXCH B KM EDI.
DXLAKARKK'I SPECIFIC FILLS,
Prepared by Oiatsriaaa A Dofout, ho
U
Kue Loainerd, Pans, and highly rerotumea
ded by the satire htedieel paoeity ot
Proce.
Are the re y itest remedy tn all cases 4 Iperiiia
torrkoaa, or Heaiuial tniiiii; highly or
Dully ur Premetare Emissions Saleal VV
n r I potency Weakness arising from Be
eret Hanit aad Hxnal txeestes: Jtelaxetioa ef
tlte Oenitat tr(rei Weak Spine; "Lime" or
llilek 4et" deposiu ia tbe I'rlne- Milky Die
ebarjres," etcaad all the ghaftty train of Bymp
ariiiag from Orerase or Excesses.
They Care when at) other remedies fail.
Full directions lu eerti box.
Prioe Si per box, er 6 boxes for SS.
Bold by Ibe principal Druggists, or will be
sent by mail, seen rely sealed troa all ebeervatlea
by eaolosing priee to tke Hole tfeoeral Agent for
aaorisa. JOB MUBl-.S, 18 Cortlaodt street. Sew
lerk. Pamphlets ot advice sent free te aey ad.
dress.
URTAM'J PULMONIC VTAFEBS.
are unfailing in the Csre of Cueghs, Colds,
Asihma, Lroeoliiiis. Sure Throat, Jluaraeness,
Ditfisult Breataisg, laeivieat Oonsasaptioa aad
Iieaeeof tbe Laces. Tbev have no teste of
aWioine, and any ebild will take them. Tboa
saods bare beea r stored to health that bad
bi'ttre dexpaired. Testimony (tvra in hnndrede
e' eaaee. a B'KUi.r. I'U.-r. si.ihi.i in
T F.N MIMITFS. Ask for BHYAN'fl PUL
MOSIC WafERS. Jj2 dwly
WHITE
GLYCERINE.
The only article known to chemistry
that will
1'enetratr the Skin vilhmtt Injun, Dwohrr-
ize all Spain and Effectually Remove
the Yariiru Fault of the
Complexion.
IT BLstACBK THE ftKlN TO A
MARVBLLOtl WHITKNEPH,
Eradicates all Spots. Prsoklss, Tan, Moth-
Patches, Black 'Worms, er Grabs, Impa
rities and Dlseolorations
ot every kind that may tie either within or upon
the ekia.
Ta whatrrer extent ounl it Is hirmlecs; leaves
tbe skin smooth, soft, pliable, aad of tbat perfect
Clics asass and Praivr which constitutes the
B.EALLT BEATJTIPTJL COMPLIXION.
Hold by a' I Druggists aad Do ales ia Perfu
mery and Toilet Artioies.
Noa. 13 and i23.
aTMTTJA EmiLrETT3 CUEAITrClL
IimJPIIBjETS'
IIO.nEOI'ATIIlt- M'ECirit'S
SAVK rnrVTT. FROM TtIF MoaT MfT,f!
exiierlcnne, en entire pnnieM r-iniu) I'nmipt
mclniit and lu-lmDIe. They ere thu only Medl
ctnrn rrteni7 ailainvd to ponnlnr nw-m almnla
that mi.saaee ran not be mwln tn umna thnm w
burnilM a io he frne Xrom iliuiKHr, mid at t-OicU-rit
w i aiwa," rviiai.iw. i nuvp nild th.. hlfh-
eat Cfinimen.
lUatioa irom all, and will mnn reutiae
eatisl action.
N"S- Cents.
1. tnree rerrrs, ronawrtion, Innnmmatlnns 55
I 'rvlnu-rullc or ttH'thltiff of Infiinta..
Illarrhfra, of ChllUrCTi or Adnlu
Jlyirslrri Orlplii, Bllnmt Collv...
noltraf nrbiia. Vonntuis
...25
t'auahn. :ill. rirnriehit's o-,
Nruralirin, fi ontbtiche. l-in-ea'-ti' i-,
tleadHf-hee, Hck llnilnclie, Vertigo.. ..r.
lTMia. Illlliinn HtonuiiMl 2:,
Hnpureaaed, r Hnlnlul l'erloda. iS
t klira, too HnifaM i-oiinda H
4'ronp. Cniih, inrtifult Hn-uthlng zr
bait Kbrais, J-:ryiii-lais l-.niions....Z'p
Kkrsmniiiim, Knenmutie Fntns
-ver and Airnn, Ci.lll k'evar, Aauee..JV0
lllia, blind or hioedinff fit)
Ophthlamy, and core or work Irs....W
Vntarrk. acnta or chronic liillu'nui....!0
hnopinat'ouu-h, vmlint cou.Us ....M
Asthma, oppTi-.wd Hrcnthing m
Car Itlwrhara-m., Inipulred heiirlne M
Srwrilln, enl)trf'd irliinrls. Hw(.HnirH....fiO
teneral fiebtlitr, pnyslcHl weakness.... 611
liropey end scanty horretlons
Kra.Nickneaa, slcknee. from rkling....M)
Kiilorr-ltioon.f. Ornrcl 60
IWrvnaa l.rbillfv, Hrminnl l'.nil-
nlona, tiiToluntary lilncburiree i 00
Five linxe,withone IJelulof I'owdor.
ery titM-uaMiry In eerlous casee, 6 Ofl
Hre IHaurh, t anker HI
I rlnary Urskseiw, wettlnK bed.... 6il
Falnlnl Perlwd., with Hpasuis to
bull'-rUaa at oiiauira vt life 1 IC

111.
II,
n.
3.1,
i.
li
r.

is H
tt.

ft
Kpilepav. Hpaam.. Ht. Vitus' IMince....! W
tllpbtaerla, uluerated sura Uirval.
Ml
FAMILY CASES
f 3.1 to 60 larae vlala. maravew
reesHi raae, ewnialnlaa a.
SSMlSn for
rnae a fna-,1
r every ersiaerr aia
fcoake af direction.. from BIB to B33
Pmall.-r Family and Trstvellna ca.ee.
wuhXitoTlals ...fminM to f8
8peE",.,?.,'",!," ,rBle Illaexsaea,
hoth for t ariu and for Preven
tive treatment, in vlul. and t.kt
nny i. aaoject IB, Ba
ta
POND'S EXTttACT,
rave
tTSX'OWct. Plate, $1.30 Q.arta,
'ran, sjpiq MaHav
Humphreys Spedfio
XB BALK BY AX.L IBOKtUr?I
"If o ba next W local newa culuauT"
Kar7lirr",t,,r,l,""l T"hob7. EarHrhe.
Pl.?i!?'lL'?' RBviaiwailBia, i-nmbnaaT Pllea!
I e-ilaaa, More t yea. Hlm-riinV nf this
Vb Caste aad Cure of OoBinm
lion.
The primary eases ef Ceaianrptioa I de
rangement f the digestive orgeat. This de
re gemeat produce lafleicat vntritloa aad as
similatloa. By assimllatiaa I meaa tbat process
by which thsBatrimeal ef the food t eoaverted
I to blood, aad thesoc rate the eolld of the
bed. Peraoas with dletlea thus impaired,
havtag the slightest predlspotitloa te pulmona
ry disease, or if they takeceld, will be very lia
ble to have Ceatamptioa el the Lungs In some
of It forms; aad I boll that It will be impos
sible to core any ease ef Ccasaaptiea without
first restoring a good digest loa and healthy as
initiation. The very Irst thing te be dene 1
te eleanss tke stomach and bowels fren all die-
aased moeat aad slime whisk i clogging these
orgaae ee that tbey eaaaet perfcrm tbeir reac
tions, aad then reuse np and -restore Ike lives
to a healthy aerloa. For tbi pdVpose the tar-
eel Md beet remedy t Sehenoh's Itsadrak
Pille. Thece Pill elcaa the eteeaaoh aad bow
els of all the dead and morbid slime that is eaa-
Ing disease and decay tn the whole sjstem.--
Tbey will clear eat the liver r all diseased bile
that ba accumulated tnere, aad arouse it ap to
a aew and healthy action, by whloh aataral aad
healthy bile is seoretsd.
The stomach, bowels aad liver arc thus clean
sed by the ase cf Beheaek'i Meadraka Pills;
bat there remain la the ttomaoh aa excess of
acid, the organ is torpid aad the appetite poor,
Ia the bowels the laoterals arc weak, and reqair
Ing streagth aad support. It is ia a condition
like this that Sohsnok's Seaweed Tonic proves
to be tbe most valuable remedy evu dievred.
It is alkaline, aad its asa will aeatra'ise all ex
eess ef acid, making the stomach sweet aad
fresh it will give permanent tone to this im-
pertaat organ, and oreata a good, hearty appe
tite, aad prepare the system for the first proecss
el a good digestion, aad ultimately make good,
healthy, living blood. After this preparatory
treatmeat, what remains to eare moat cases ef
Consumption Is the free and persevcriag use of
chenok's Pulmonio Syrup. The Pulmonic
yrap nourishes the system, purifies tbe kloed.
and is readily absorbed late the eirealation, aad
thence dietvtbnted to the diseased langs. There
tt rfpens all morbid matters, whether in the form
cf a beetles or taberelec, and then assjsts Katare
te expel all the diseased metier la the form ef
eapectoration, wbea oooe it ripens. It is thee
by the great healing and puriying properties of
Baheaek's Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers aad
cavities arc healed ap sound, aad my patieat is
cured.
Tbe essential Ihiag Io ba done ia curing Con
sumplioa ie to get ap a good appetite and a
geed digssticB, to that the body will grow in
Beck and get strong. If a person has diseased
langs, a e vity cr abscess there, the cavity can
Bat heal, the matter cannot ripea, so long ss the
tysaem is belew par. What necessary to cure is
a new order of things, a good appetite, a (rood
nutrition, the bady te grew ia flesh aad get fat;
thea Natare is helped, the cavities will heal, the
matter will ripea sod be throws cf ia large
quaatities, aad the person regain health and
streagth. Tbia ic the true and enly plea to
eure Consumption, and if a person is very bad,
if the luags are not entirely destroyed, or evea
if one lunf is entirely gone, if there isenoogh
vitality left in the other to heal up, there is hope.
I have eeen many person soured with on W ene
sound lung, live and en)oy life to a good aid age.
This is what Bahenck's Medicines will do to care
Consumption. Tbey will clean cut the stomach,
sweeten and strengtneu it. get up a good d g--tion,
and give 5ture the asiistunce she iirrds
to dear the ejntea of all the diiuare that is in
the lunirs, whatever lb. form may be
lt Is important that, while asing Sol ajo's
medismes, care should be exercised net io Inks
Cold; keep ia djors in A ael d imp waiher
avoid nirbt air, and take jut doer exeroite vl)t
ia a genial aad warm funbmt
I wish it distinctly anderetood that when I
recommended a patieat to be careful in regard te
taking oold while using mr medicines. I do so
for a speoial reason. A maa who has but par
tially recovered from the effects of a bad eold is
far more liable to a relapse than one who bas
ieea entirely cored, nod It ic precisely the same
in regard to eonsamptiem. Bo loag as the lungs
arc not perfectly healed, just so long Is there
Imminent danger of a full Titura ef the discern.
Beaee it U that I so ttrenaoasly eaatloa pul
monary patients against exposing themselves te
an atmosphere that Is not genial aad pleasaat.
Confirmed consumptive', luagt are a mast of
ores, which the least change cf atmosphere will
inflame. The grand secret of my suoeees with
my medicines consists la my ability to subdne
inflammation instead af provoking it, as many
cf tbe faculty do. Aa inflamed lang eauaot
with cafcty ta the patieat ba eipcsed to tbe
biting blasts of winter or the oh ill ing winds ot
spring or autum. It should be carefatly shield
ed from all irritating inflaenees. The attest
eaattea ckeald be observed ia this particular,
as wltbeat It a eare ander almosl asy circum
stances is an impossibility.
The person sheul be kept on a wholesome
and nutritions diet, and all the medicines con
tinued until the body has restored te it the nat
aral quantity of flesh and strength.
I was myself cured by this treatment of the
weree kind of Consumption, and have lived te
get fat aad hearty these many years, with one
lung mostly gone. I have eared thoasands
siaoe, smd very maay have beea eared by this
treatment whom I have never seea.
About the first of October I axpeet to take
possession ef my aew building at the aor beast
corner of Blith and Arab streets, where I shall
be pleased to give advice te all whe may re
quire it.
Full direetieas as company all my remedies.
se that a person in aay part ef the world oan ba
readily eurcd by a atriot observance of the same.
J. B. 8CHKBCK, M. D.,
Philadelphia.
ULRLBCT A EDSALL,
Z2 Lake street, Chicago, Iilin is,
Wholesale Agents
lHUL DEFEAT I
Tke 'out is complete! The last lepe cf the
dartiet wbo have beea getting up Scalp Poisons
to compete with
I rutafiorVb KicclMor lialr l)..e
is lost, lost lost! eUili, it towers ever all ritai
aew and old. tkill, it romaiu tbe S I A S DA AD
UAIR lAi: OK Trill COl.NTRY S too.
of thonsaads of haade tbat once showed1 the
white flag,
CARRY CRI8TAD0B0 S C0LOBS;
and the course of the rfye is ever upward
and .inward. Se muoh for exoelleaoe wjioli
s.nnenesi, and a true repriiuotion of Nature
'inn As a dressing alter dyeing, use
C'dlRTADOBO'B UAIR PUKIEBATIVB
i ,1 i .v. in r.
W A KM A tt 1'a.ft E I t it U.
r.. u.tt. i
iuvb. r mm, uvi.eiaiea uiau jears ago tn
ran., iur ine -en.i o, iva.ie irr. u.ar.ne., ud
allerwards lor tbeir criminal oiuiui o.tiul iu the
practioc cf abortion, are now oilered for sale for
tbe firs, time in America. Tbey bare been kept
in comparative obaeurity from the lact tbat tke
origiaalor, Dr. telpau, is a pk.. sician in Paris
of great wealth, aad has strict oonscicutiourspria
eipict, aad has withheld them from general ase,
loci they shonld be employed for unlawful par
poses. Ia ovcrcoBaing Female Obstraetieat, falling
or the womb, wanes, tstccn Biekneec, Bappres
sion, Xcicatioa, or Immoderate Flow ef the
Monthlr Discharges, Karvou and Spinal Affco-
tien, Palas la the Baok aad Limbs, Fatigue oa
slichl exertion. Palnitatioa ef the Heart. Hve.
terios, Ac, and will effect a cure when all other
mean nave failed and, altkongb a powerfal
remedy ,de not contain calomel, antimony, or
rny thing hurtful to the constitution
To married ladies and young g Ills who have
never been regulated, they are peculiarly suited
They will, in s short time, bring ea the monthly
period with regularity.
Oauviok. Married Ladies should sever take
them when there Is aay reason to believe them.
selves pregnant, fer tbey will be sure to produce
miscarriage.
Ladies eaa procure a box, sealed from the eyes
crtac eusioas, by enclosing one dollar, and sia
posteco stamps to at. W. If AC0MBEB. Geaatel
Agent for United States aad Oaaadas, at Albany
T., er of aay aataertaed Ag eat BjMdwly
HARVEY, DRAKE CO.,
Commission Merchants,
1 i
i i
19 Water Street,
revrtv w a w l
y anal I
OBIO.
WMiy V
JCSXM rXsafaZaTAOASr,
ttENERAL AUCTIONEER
Omce ta Pettee Mawictaate' OaSoc,
OCK LSLABD, ILUB0I8.
-at. Will premfUy attend to all basis ess as
rasteaee Bis eare.' dceltowtf.
Fltfi ARMS.
REMINGTON'S
Bold by the Trade aenerally.
sTA Liberal Discount to Dealers.
100,000 fuTBiahed the, IT. S. Goverameat.
140,000 Europeaa Goveraments
Army, Navy, Belt, Police and Packet Revol
vers; Repeating and test rocket Pistols and
Rifle Caaee, astng Metallic Cartridges, Breech-
loadiag aad Revolving Ritlee.
m. kkmimutw- a Buna,
ocli.'!-iI6w Illioh, N. Y.
BASNETS.
Moseman Oro.
Manufacturers of
FINE HARNESS
Warerooma,
114 Chambers Street,
ALSO,
Barness for Farming, Teaming, Trucking, Cart
leg. E i pressing, Contractors', lee Ccm
paafes', Livery tables', Coape,-"
Road, Coach, Business and
Pleasare I se,
at $8, $10, $12, $15, $20, $25 to $500 per Bst
Peed for desoriptive list. oct21-d3m
D3ZTTIST.
J. V. STABK,
DENTIST,
pOOMS KIXT DOOR 10 TBLEQRAPB
ik Ol&ce, iltiaois street, Rock Islaad. All
kinds al Dental work done ia the most approv
ed manner. Okargos reasonable.
aplO dwly
xs o. as. SBLDxra-o,
DEN T I'ST
ALL DENTAL OPERATIONS PERFORM
B D aceordiag to the n.ost aparored rrirel-
pies. Offiee in H .rper'e Block, oor of Illinois
aad HalTale 'treets augi-aii
rAxarszsror.
HOUSE AND STEAMBGAT
iLale t the Irm of fmealon A Slemmer,; aa
aoances mat be is prepared te do
EOUSS. r-MN AMD pTJSe 0T PAtNT
t.Nil, PAl'bil a.ASai, Ja.l.00.li-N
l.N'ii, Ac Ac
ill work promptly eieeated. '8 ike higheei
styie ef (a. art, et short oolir.
Skop .a lu Vagi. S1-..1. uppesite the 'i
B'.rta f.i.Ji
PHI A? J. SIHSOSS
liocse and Sign Painter
Imitation oi Wood and Marble, Paper Hanging.,
Calcomining, As. bend orders throcgh the
Post Offioe
BOCK ISLAND... ILLS.
Satisfaction guaranteed. feb?2-dtf
B9ILER8.
ZaZCX.X2.13
Boiler Works!
traer
Bwilers for 8;eam Eiginei
all Kiaos, Bty let aad Elaes. Also, every va
riety af
S2XSST XXOIZ WOaUZ.
All ear Bailer wora la warvaoiad.
BteTb.eparriag i f all kindc done premptlr aad
skeapiy.
Ekop near aiohae Iron Works.
Jtdlv. HOBILLf NaiB A TP.rMECLl
MWCFACTlBLS.
Thomas Yates,
Bacecesov be Jaceb Bikey
On tkeX,eTfe, Reck hlmi,
Srars and Iron Work,
ASD
art t p r.
i w t D C.
l i
it- t I I a.
LEVEE. NBAK IERKT LANIISG.
The sub eriber, at be shop ea tue Levee, nea
Wolimaa's, iavitee tbe attention of his friend,
aad tht public eeaeiallv to bis line aad earn
plele stock of Brats A Iron guod,s,cti as eteani
Cooks, Valves, W ater b augee Wkis ie,UCuo
near v, ett. ramps. a and S iamripebf al
sises, Ziao. Babbit Metal, etc etc
Bteaai aad Uas Wark eromptly atteeded.'lr
au put up ia worameeiiae B.i str.
Cepptr, Smithing aitd Sheet Iror
Work
la all its branches. Alse
2FlTaXria.-fc t rxs
Doaa on short notice.
He bas a serew catting macbiae. whiob rut.
screws up.m gas and steam j ipe froui of an
inan.oe inones tne largest maehlne west of
to cage v
THOMAS TATKH
ILK pfTsTKl!.
Gream and Stock ile?.
Proprietors of the
MUCH AS. 'a LUCa,
Are sole Agecle for Psaslee's Celebrated
Crcaa and Stock Ales.
For sale by the Barrel or Half Barrel.
eattPdtf
Saloon Billiard Rooms,
l"c, 8 Harper Eoaie Slots;,'
OCK. ISLAND.. I LI.
Dealer ia
Fine Bourbon Whiskies,
litt iBptriett Wise k Brutlies:
Ageat for Bands, Lills, aad Jeliet Ales, alsw
beet Bcoteh aad Xagiish Alec aad LeadeaFer.
tor foe sale.
Ctica White Band for sal by the barrel.
Ageat for A. Zoller's Billiard and Figaea Hole
fable Kaaafaetary.
apri-dtf H, M. WIST, Prep nctcr.
t t i i
i Mi
MARBLEIZED SLATE
T l m
i
t 1
EXCXL MARBLB IS
Beauty, Cheapness
ASD
i e t I
Aa a rati imitatioa of the Suett f craiga Marble,
12. D. &Wa A; Frenqli,
I dor. Third A Tioc Street
CAMDEN SBW iBKSIY.
(Oppoiu Philadelphia, Pa
oetSl dAwly
8 ARSAPAR1LLA BITTERS
(U1TU uok,;
The best Blood, Stohscb ajin Ltvae Kedi
ine ever offered te the pablia. It is vary agree
able te the taite aad wtii aot affect the teeth as
ron preparations generally do.
H'Aai wU do It will be feaad vastly aa
arior taaay of the Calisaya and lroa coeatea
tivcly nscd for iavigoratiag the system. It will
make blood; likewise thicken it. It will restore
tke pale and emaciated, the weak and debilitated
te color, alesh, health and strength ia an inored
ihly short time. It will stresgihea the nursing
mother and Inerease tbe flow of milk, also beae-
At th child at the breast aad prevent maay ef
Ike ccmplainte to wnioh children are sabieet ia
Hafancy.- It will tead ta restore the eyesight
wnan impaired by eontinaed applioation ia read
lag, writing ot cewiag, by stnnatkaniag the op
tlcnsrres. It will give vitality te the mental
facakies when depressed by close eonfiaemant So
study cr batinets pursuits, and prevent aervent
neadae&es. 'tt will parity tbe blood and pre
vent tbe breakiat est of boils, pimples aad ether
ruptioat caused by poverty of bleed. It w
restore the genital organs, when weak, to
beakhy eeaditlon, regelate tbe menstrual period
ajse relieve debility canted by Summer beat or
eaoessive prespiratiea.
A Single trial will prove conclusively that we
naTeaotoTcr-estimateft tae Value or ibis excel
lent medicine.
Priee, $1-00 per bottle.
i. eh C. HAGCIRB,
Chemist aad Druggists, Sole Proprietors,
8T. LOUIS
Also proprietors ef afaruire's celebrated Baa
Plsbt, b sure care for Diarrhea, Dyceatery,
Cholera lierhas and the AsiaibCUoiera. Al
orders from respoasible paities promptly tiled.
moiuT-dwIy
aZBDXOJaX.
ror tat HVemoval of Obktrcotioua
and the Insurance) of Regu
Imrity in the B.ecnrrence
of monthly Periods.
Their Pill arv an utfiiiling Femal Rryulntor,
'nt' tided fur nvicinl canf tht9c hatinite onet
milder and cheaper medicine fiL
They are empnsed ef the most active ad
poaerfa' p,-U iplt-s or vie't' roe's and Wrriet,
s.. k o a sen trhtt-i n.t ev:h D: I contains
more atedu-inai eirengih thaa a w aula Viex-wT'
bott e of ordiaary me iiciae in tbe marset. Al
eAoa;A ffoicerliil yet n mild and pltnnanl in their
operation, tknt the momt freh't v n tat them toil.
perfect eaery.
&mThoy may be safely used at any age. and
at any period, except Drams tbe nasv tbbbb
sovtbs, during whieh the unfailing nature ef
their eieots wsuld infallibly recvsffT pregnancy.
Jf& All le-ters ceekiag information or advice
wi'.l ke prompt' freely aad disoreetly answered.
iiBj, Each box eontaias 169 pills, and wrap
ped in white paper printed ia deep red letters,
with fall and eaplioit directions enclosed.
ti-Sint by mail, free of postage, on receipt
of price, to, per box.
im.Thc Cherokee FUlc Ke. S are sold by
all enterprisiag druggists ia tke civilized world.
Some aaprlaeipled dealers, bowever, try to sell
worthless compounds ia plaee cf tkis; those
which they can purchase at a cheap price and
make m re mosey. As yon value your health
do sot be deoeived by cock unprincipled Drag
gists, e.i or tkeie $j pillt, and take no otken.
If the Druggist will not buy them fer you, enclose
tbe money in n letter and we will send them to
yon by mail, free of postage, securely sealed
from observation.
Ladies or Oentlemcn eaa address ns ia perfect
confidence, stating folly and plainly their disease
and symptoms. Patients seed sot hesitate be
cause of their Inability to visit as, as wa have
treats -t patients successfully In all portions cf tbe
civilised globe, by eorrespoadeace.
Patients eddreesingns will pleas state rlaliilv
all the simptouis, and write Post OSoe, CountT.
Stale and name si writer, aad eaoloee posta?
fUap f c r reply.
Vi-We desire tisendour tbirty-two page pam
phlet, entitled "Kan aad Woman as Invalids
to every rt-ader ef this paper.
Addrcts a, follows
St. Locis MrnitAL Associaticv,
117 BOBTB SIXTH STREXT,
?isTlomt. MieKorai
niil t- i a
ig oio "w-
rD8tieBlul PhjMeiaa,
73 oulb Hal.ted ree CHIC AWO, ILL., Vr,-
ate aad Ckror.ie His. are, in boih sexes success
fully treaud Dr Bigdrw has cured more scx
aal aud venereal disea.ts in tke last 2V y.arc
thaa any other physioiaa tn tke weeUrn aoantry
fie cares Nervous Del ility, r Involuntary Sem
inal Emissions, and restores theenfeebied orient
to perfect health md rigor. He cares Syphilis
in all its forms, whether ,.t. er cbreoic, with
out the ase of miaeralc or vegetable poisoa.
Send for his "Gaid. to Bealtk," publifhed
mo nit y tree .f hrfee. jf kU ihink the writings
(fveata.1 Kp.-a.t -of th ptarcnt "y
'.at;,.. ,u.i .lasctiptive clr
eelarol Pansaeio Kna.nia, anivarsaiiy ased
by married lam..
dd-et
C. BfUELOW, M. D..
P. 0 vox mcWeso, M,
m.b.d w I
31 raIN HOOD:
JI OW LOST, HOST KElT0rii Jasf pu
A.A lished by Dr. Lewis, )9 pages, Thiro lis
b-
Kdi
u 1,1 ""'oai uompaaian aad (iaide to
at.eltk.oa IU radioal oasa of 8paraiatortka.
ta..-!"1 I vla.i.ry amninal
Losses, InjfoUn.T( Meatal aad Physical Inea
VHH! "1'a1amag ate aad the
Venereal aad ByphilHttc Maladies, with plaia
aaa clear directioat for the speedy care of Seo
ofrdary symptoms, Goaorrhosa, Gleets, Btricturos,
aad all diseases of the skis, each as -curry,
Borer,!., Ulcere, Boils, Blotches aad Pimples ea
tks face and body, Consemptieo, Epilepsy, and
rttt,lndnoed by self indnlgeao or eiaal x
travaganoe.
"The celebrated aether, ia this admirable treat
ise, clearly demOaaUatrs. fna a fartv eaav. aaa
ccsfal praotlot, that the alarmtag eonscqueace
of self abase may ba radically eared, pointing
ent a mods cf cure at once simple, certain, and
effectual, by mean of which every sufferer, as
matter what his condition may he, eaa ba effect
Belly cored, cheaply, privately od radioally.
fkf Ibis back sheold ie in the hands ef ev
ery yeata aad averj man ia the land. J
Bent ander seal, in a plain eavelop. Psiee 60
easts. Address, DB. LEWIS, Ite. T, Beach si.,
Sewlork. iwela-d.wlr-
iaMaawwaweiwwew. am lie an j
ItrOBD.
a. a. bibb.
A
tirlAitD
iibb.uds'.and;
r?
i:iS!li!lEIITS!
The roUowinOld Md meUkbl
Oompaniei Repreicnted
TTtna,
Ins. Co., of H. America.
'Franklin,
rtfbtd,
Security,
B-- v.
Lorillard,
;;v;jies.;.,,.;!
Hepublic,
Putnam.
vi
Enterprise,
City Fire,
Merchants,
I
Northwestern National,
Connecticut Mutual Life
Total Jssets Rcprttenled, over
$GO,ooo,666.6o
0PPrCK-Ke. 8, Argm Baildlaf, Opposite
Polt OffiC. 'TTp Stair,
BOCK laLANI. ILL.
ep2a-atf ts--.
at BLaajoea. a. m. BLaaiaaa
xL&smxsaa at sx.o..
n s a--- a a ..aJs.
laCBi Aaiiatc tv iBsaratucr agams,
Ke. I Tiala's Block, 1
DAT15P0KT, IOWA
Attead personally aad promptly te the bayiag
aaa aeuiag at Keal Kstaie ea eemmissioa, reel
lag Hoases aad Farms. aavlMcm.
W. B. BATBS.
B. C. 0LBA VBLAX
HAYES CLEVELAND
Insurance Ag'ts
Representing the following eld and reliable
Companies t
Underwriters Igeney, Hew Trk
Cash AsseU 4.OO0,0...
Phfxnix. Ss Ts
Cash Assets $1,80..
CoQtiafntal, S. Is
Casli Assets !,a00,000.
.or!h 'rnerican, X. Ts
Ca.sa Assets fJ '0,000.
Paciatc, California,
Mercliaiits, of Chicago,
Cash Assets, 80il.il 0.
Sortii Jmerican, Htrtfardt
fash Assets $.00,000.
ISTEim.OSlL. KF I0B8,
Cash AtseU 11,00,000.
Brewers' Milwaukee,
rt.- Cash Assete So,0ul.,
Washiagtw. Life, f h York,
Cash A-sete3.fi0,000.
GEO. W. C0PF,
A9ZKT f OB. TKE LSADISQ
HlfiIFOBD :li KEl' IOB.
FIRE, MABIHE AHD
LIFE
Insurance Go.'s
EKPBKBXHTISa
25,000,000 is Capital.
IT ROCK ISL1XD, ILLINOIS.
All leases adjusted aad prempf y paid at this
agency.
mayl'dtf.
BLUKftMITQISG.
Remmd to Hall's New liufldlig,
Washington Street.
WALTuE DATJBEE,
dIEH,lLI!()F,JLJII(ill!
Of Rock Island County, shoes Horses in tbe
most workmanlike manner
Xxpericnecd and skillful workmea; horses
shod without pain Having a prat tial and x
tended czperirece in tb busii.e,,. I siie t jeur
patron ge, ecnuiiett thai I can f irate j ea, and
do better work than anv other shoer in tke city,
"hop tiirn bf the BIO II0RSK r'BOE is
Washington street, near tbe river.
mav dif WALTER DATTBIR
WILLS 1ITIER AY,
Have removed from Bljthe's building and starf
f ed a New t-liop on
iilDDI'OSi'St COR K F8,
M5 tued to 4o ail kinds i J
BLACKSMITH W0KK!
IV THeTbest alAKKXR.
Ws profess t understand every branch ef the
business, and we bold enreelve ia readiness tc
do all kinds of work. All kinds of heavy forg -las,
Steamboat work, Machiae forgiaf. Plow
work, Sac Baggy and Carriage work, ead every
dei eriptioB of Stone Cutters' and Stone hfatoot'
Tool mad aad repaired. Ia regard to
a
Porse Shoeing
We do not hetitate to say, a we manufaetare
ear ewa shoes from the very best troa, that we
can give BETTER SATISFACTION totb'
good substantial and fancy slieeing, than any
ether shop in Rock Island. Ws would also la
farm the public in g.neral that wa are also pra-
Sared to baild to order all kinds oi Wagons,
aggies, Carriage and Sleighs. f
et.. dtf w WILLS a MUR&AT.
J. M,
era n sl
fUReed
KlltAVft
JVCaa- i'
C. F. KLIEim.BEB,
MANUPAOTUttlE or kODILS, BMALL
Alas bin cry aad braes tasting j alio ef aa.
terra), offloial aad basiaesa BBALB la aaperier
presaes, and everything alls la the line ef ea-
a M A 1 a
graving. I Ujaare srom aoroaa siiwewa so aie
BtateBtrecv mti.rvAUB.HJs, wis
oetlT-dom
J. Pa Kl!-?IIVGEU,
Distiller. Rectifier, Importer,
AND
Wholesale Liquor Dealer,
378 Bast Water Itreet,
"vfli.!
oetJu-d6at-
WholsVafe and Betsil Dealers in
SLTIXGZES, PICKETS,
f.Btk. TiBbar. Cedar Fosii er.
Office 110 West Water Btrect,
Oor. Clrbonrae. 15 WW. W A UK at as.
oet2o-dom
Diploma Awarded at the Wisconsin State
Fair 1870.
vj" i "T.
Manufacturer of ail kinds of
:5l
a
(Foot of Bait Water,)
XaXllwankee, Wit.
Bhow Cases of kvery deterfation aid materiel
shipped te any part of Ihe I nited btates.
oot36 d3m
BADGER STATE
TOBACCO WORKS
BOS. 1,3 CLIBOIB" ST.,
r West ead Huron Bt., Bridge)
F. F. ADAMS CO.,
PBOPRIITOBS.
Osiers from doss Cash Bujers solicited.
mch)i.dly ii
'.lOII'V C. WKIaIaKS,
(Suooeesor to Welles 1 Hale, Dealer in
CIla k DlaaTAIG
rt,i 1 IkJiVLWi
.t a t .1 I I
Keeps constantly on head aa assortment of
Amciicsn and Buglisk Rreecb loading Phot
Oddi, H.Rie, Aba.itiag Tackle, 3m Material,
Fivhing Teekie, Usui Cartridges. Ely's ads,
aad Cartridge Ehe'Is. Poeder. fehot. etc.
87 VaTiseoBsia Strwet, Saailwankce.
KiMes and Skot (Inns made to order. Repair
ing work promptly done....,,. oct27d2m
DBAKE SHOT EES,
WHOLESALE. BRlGGiaTS
j
Ko. P55 SoTith Water vtrest.
m t w a i b. si
OiTei to the trade a full stork of
X 1IF3L "O" Gr
5IerJieii.es, (bemicais,
hSLMIL OILi, JSPOSSEg. AC.
At very lew prices. Send for quotations.
BOLE ASEST3 FOR
"H- Rowe's
California Vliaes and Brandies!
Certiaoate.
I have made Dsns both sac ageat for
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, tor the sale of my Sunny
elope Wine aud rJunny Slope Brandy, and I
warrant them to betbe pore produot of the Qrepe
and made by myeelf ea my Vineyard known as
uany Slope. ia Los Angeies County, CaKfemaa.
L. J. BOLE, Los Aaglec, Caiiforata.
We keep a large stock of Mr. tlo.e s Bread y,
Aageliea and Port Wiaes, aud eJnhdestlj ree
ommead them to the D'ng Trade as beinc ner-
teetly pure aad the very beet prodoced io Cali
fornia. Bam ales sent on acplieatioa and saae
ialeaetaUons gives to.thice who bay ta large
quanti tes. oetSO-dJm -j
DB. Fs KALCKHOFF'8
CELEBRATED
Mexican Ever Cure Bitters
Petrel a Vrjeiibie icmpeuGd V
Dr. i. kialckboff, (leoeased,) devised tbe for
mula, wkich kas resu.ud in the M.xieaa Rver
Care BitUrs. v
Dr. Kalckhoff, b ng known as acienti.t and
leading chemist ia Milwaukee, made use of these
Hitter, ia his own family, and in at. .urreat
practioi for ov.r 30 year. Thi Elixir or life
preserver is puialy a vcgeUbla preparation, it
pjeataat to the ta.te, and goes tar to k-iid up
and renew tbe exhausted vitality of the nervous
system.
For bilions, remittent and intermittant fevers
dyspepsia and iadige.tioa, keadaehe, pain In th
eboaidwra, cosnjbs, tigata aaa ad th eha., diaai
aascaear eradicatioa ot thaatoatach, ilssens
of tke kidney and bladder, in connection wuh
Dr. F. Kaickhotf 's Mexleas Ever Cue ta
tbartio Pi is, are the great blood punfler, and
are a e.rtaio cure lor eruptioes, .alt rheum,
blotches, spots, pimples, kotls, ea.-benele, ring
w rms, arj.ipelaa, ate. Far all tern la
plainla they c.ufcot be excelled; as aaexoall.nl
it nisai'Bl piouaruec.
ft ea $1 a aotUe.
Ur. K.kkht
B e Vex.a
Kver Care Catl.-
tits TiU
ike graat rttiuir.meut. of tBe people, all avar
lib. urta.da, a rei..bt. aad Jo, Catkartui
M.dioine, induotd Or Kai,-lb..ir I
no.:: t' 7. toriu ia
.110ao it,, Vun t4tBarUc jplUi...
ibey are eompused from puroly vegetable suh
.r, thor. ogh in their a,t,0. search.ng
oat ail obelrsettone. aad atrik. tu
watv W VI J IVVI
otdise..,. They produce us paia or rnpi.a
dsrmg their operation, and not mora tfaoroeghly
than any Cathartio Piiis erer brougot before the
PSbiie. Tlit'v are a certain ,n..i..
fo'ds, chills ni ftver, norv, tit and sift be.d
c which are i educed bv bilx.n. erane-em.a,.
costivonass, Indirstioa. loo! etotnarh lor Jaun
iiee, livar oop;it, suppression, dropsy, then- i
maiisia. goat, nenous deiiiiiy,inaliliiy or die-
."filiation to rcora ol in.,..,.
deafnets. partial b isdoefs. plturisy, fits, prrJ
y, pain in the btr.si, ra! i Sf. TiUs daeca
rfuln, etc.,tc. i'ti-c 15 Bt per box.
Dr.Kalokhoff 's '.'bretd Wercn Lo.engre
rS.fe. pleasaat and most reliabla'tBre for
worms. Fries 25 eenl. per box.
,1? b7 T;U ",lf"t n patent msdioins
dealers throuahout the. United States aad Can
oe. f itALCKHOFa BRO'6 CO.,
Depet, Ko: 87 Oaeldajt. Slllw..kee!,rit0"'
t)r. Kalckhoft'c Celebratrri Eve Water
Thar are few diseases to which mankind arc
abject, that arc more distressing than .ere eyas
and, perhaps, for Which more remedies bava'
kera used without euoeese. HaviBg lane been
acquainted with Iheas Iscts, Dr. Kalokkof are
s.sled his celebrated Ere Water to. tbeaeblic,
the enly Eye Water aver diseotered, for the
permanent relief of great jnfJamatioa aad coa
sequeat debiriiy cf the ore;' It wi!J remove op
thslmla or irrfismmatloi,' ef the eyes at their
eomsneacemeat. aad will eure sir. eyes (rem a
defluiea or sharp humors, inducing seek dabrl
ity in tkem, that vi.ien is effected with utmost
difncnlty. I all eommoa complaints af the
eyes, it will be found a speedy and effectual
remedy Prion 21 cents per lsex
For tale by all droggittsand patent medicine
dealers ia the eesBtry.
lAXCKBOFF BRO'f CO, frepriaUr. T
OaaiAa 8L JsLUwaakaa, Wi. sm-Um
IH.'J if iMtiil X-.!!i.
99, 101 fc 103 Terry 1U
o.no near I eMimuuu tv their Cm- a-TTi rnraw UHa.au, Uu
arire 'birere. Cii3irer, all ,h proDr.etir. of Oreaw Boata ar lnim .il rrtii.rr
ibs "MexUsn Brer (.'ore Bitters' us i. m .1.. E'P1"" umurtti jkibu af u.
k.; s 0 give Bana. ar. tTMtaS lik euiavraltolxl aac
'l'r trial, and b. n..n.;n. I tMraaaA I
Wa'-eari.
HOTELS.
.Briggs House!
rf-t t'
formerly he Laolede w'
COtXEft MADISON AKD C&K1L 8Tt.
Weitworlh, Weolworth Co.
oct!3
PB0PBIBT0RB.
caaaoa sabsub. t- A. pbavv
BARNUM'S HOTEL.
B A R.WTTM PBITT Pansatav .ar
w w mm a a v- a
Second aad Walnut ttrsef,
m ST. LOUIS, MO.
The Aaecs heptea flle.- ;:j :lb"
AMERICAN- H0TElir:r:
;,r OlMBtatmt treet,
OFFOIITX OLD 1 ISDSPMD1BCX ilAlt
i FutUdalpbia.'
B. IC. HEDL1N88, X FR0P'B
Daily Book Islako Aaecs keptaa Ila.-
WALNUT STREET KlftC"
SAVXS Jl XTJCaSES., Troprla'B
9
t Corner f Walnut aad Gains irm-,'
.xiouti-ATi..........;.;.. ohio
at. a. davis. o. vreaaa,
Lata cf LC, AL.
UNION HOTEL
Cor. th and Myrtle Streets,
8T.iorri8,..:.::.::.-:...
..no.
THIS Home has jntt been re I tied and thor
eaghly enevaied-.a Ia Beat rally loeated.
Tks proprietor will spare no pains ts mate it a
good first-class, second rate koase.
Xraastsat price, 00 per dayi. I -s
aevSt-dly H. O. BACBY, Prcprieter.
n TOBACCO.
1118. K. fni:8l(rEB,
Seeceescrto ''-n
Srooaon k SXetslngar,
Maanfactarct and Whelcaal Dealer ia
TP O TO iSL O O Op
SNUFF AND CIGARS,
ICS, 108 and 111 6BBtae.it Street, TOLEDO, 0,
f& Heery Dart's Sena, and Oeo. L. Qaist,
A geats for Rock Island. oat2-dl y
WBITHG FUIP.
lb wis cox. i.awia a. cox.
OOX fe CO.,
Mannfaolnrer of
j
Writing Fluid.
Vr MUCILAGE,
Copyin?, B!ua, Uraine, Tielf t aid
Marking ink.

Ho. 171 Korth. Water Street,
CH I C 4ti..., 1 1.1.1 WOI9.
All Phipmeate at Farekasers' risk
octi-d"m
OXi ACS.
STAlfyHD GLASS
WO&7I8,
St. 13 MAR kv at. a ST., PITTSBURGH.
IVTLLIAM KELSON, Glass gtaiaerand Me
VV tallio Sash Manufacturer bast adapted
fer church windows. Saving created the most
complete and extensive apparatus for the manu
facture of colored and ornamental window glass,
he is prepared te furnirhevc, y verity for church
es, private residences, aCea windows, etc, ia
saperior style. Orders from all parts af the
country will reeeiveprompt attention.,
fetlMly. t
rOOD.
'lii
Agrembfr, lKgcstlU," Xourtshing,' Satisfy
tn7. Southing, Strengthening.
This fatiBteeua preparation coatatts all the
elemente rjeoessary fr growth and repair. It
has for years been the prinoipsl food for infants
and invalids ia England and the Colonies, an J
is proved by experience to be tbe bet every dan
food for children.
Bold 1b ease of all sites, and in Si cent pack
ets for the million by druggists and greeere gen
erally.
GALE aSLOCkl, PrctiUts,
SOI Randolph street, Chieag a, Agents
je23-dly
GfiOCSKIKg.
JAMES KELLY,
Staple and Fancy Oro.eri.s, ProVfslons,
QaecBcwnre, Glassware, Wooden aad Willow
Ware, Ac Corner Orleans and Oblo streets,
ROCsT. ISLAKD, i t ILL.
Tor aaarlry-Bl good t Bad pricat, I defy com
Pa.' t -i mohltdlv
(t-'r 1
J stv
WHITTIPR
.tlQ&ical Institute:
trntmenut Vravrt-
aar .laar ta
TMaMa,. .aA
t Ureal, Sia r
UebUity and Ins.
PWct, aia.reult f Wf-s.bus in .rotith. MxAal tuorniat
raUs, ttr ftmmr muam, u4 whlea rotl
raaCrtae Kar-
rtmre laipnpw. ar. pwiaaanu' earaa. Saaml paaph
rrballr ulk eatn aoUriaa. HrMma went enmbenl:
11 i, arlt .rl-.t al aa lutUuUaa WaaUa.
aM.7rreaiairai (real akni. caaSah7.S7.
r wrap., au ar vnt
M, a
""Tfml a're,"Tfur renoa. t
o. wbittixb. a. n..
296 Penn St., PittAbnrrh. Pa
7 Broadway, Ibew York
.VftnAMIfWirat
S rate,.- "Book. I
who aot, WSrT laipe.
tkat lh baaktral. Cartel
who aot WST laipMlBwoWi Canw. au4 CureTAil
Merrtag.U.tdeaadprireuaadiclCwmarlor. ujtrw
uarr, mmntr. yoaa. aua nnm roan, mutlu,. J
i I ""J "aa. yatora ;bn.t.Mh for lie
WSITTII3 HZDICAL P?STITUTS
O- Wrnmrnaalt 8. CkarlmiSt. St. Loal.. a.
?r B-5 T" arrri.a. BST Broadw.v. H. Vori
JrJjrUljwai.i lrr.M-1 wwiWIt.
'UR. JNO.B. HUNTER,
v" P"al taipalaacr aaa as .una. dwIutM f,.
Ckaraa. amilw.1., Hoer. S a. at. a J p. m
Baed.rs,Sa. av. u n oo tirao. eewl ret reiSm.
awawwaj beetnat Btvoet. t. I ni. M.
Tmw iab5Ha trceUt-d of in tbtm punPs.iH ''wblrh ouIbi
aaABBC momwnm tvrrn attamsBgcf wtaei Mtxr-w area; avtt
but. 1U wttart-tsi cUk4curc. .fbiocboj, TstMrial diBMi
fSwwtilltrer VtBal, Vam-asMMla,, Fh.BKy., Waiitiajf Tots-
tiosft, Jlii.ltas, Herat, flwlraoJte,lafljiia.tit4 of the Blcvd
4m. AIM Pliwm MtfHia vom. pt Xxxmu H trill
te Mat In awmied Wur ciiTtpi, J &r- H.itbb, il
vaatit rnuwf Btt lc.)., alia., vtM tnat stppcial d1esiaf
tWtJfsaelfeatU. MmmrjtmmiijMiMimt m S.-W tfc. saMei
avD4 aaort) i&fiiLluB tfau I0 vfaer the otject U book
HiarTTtif Ali eoHtmpla.t.af intrHaTv?yhfWiM afpri fnr It
SPERMATORRHOEA.
One. Or mHtmmnem ermnemerwm wmumn, sk evwatawe
Balaf aaiaal lauat, iDdigeMaw, lrritaatlitr, loa. r nui
P ayaivloa te acty. iwdcrtna arrtk- Improper
VaVCaaaa aMnawa aaSaaaaaaa mm. m
kaoviiie what I. tb. waUor, maay S. aot .r raaaot riilt
h. AlUrK raar. axp.ri.iio. I have .repaired oaiaa
tio. 1 Th. fcrwailoa .Ufa. B.. X TlMMaje of prore..
ho. 1 The ita. et decay aad Iapotaar-r, at S6 a treat.
awat a a?wpaftawe seres matt oaa... and perwereemmee
aiil ,aa, njr emn,1 laaltiaa. am. .our a. rally, Md
SndoUaaaadla.ear.voeeeaavlu'M Mat ra,t-p.at
aujsa Una, autHtewalMiaueneiafw.
aaaaw, wUbaMoipenn. pu eaekas. aui oiwvlao. yoa f
aad a ear. bv tel. war kariata ia taw as seawdv te
aaaaaad ta Halt trMi-.H.. f-
PutewnaoiiasMr oas m tune Uareaw faDjr.at
ss. keaealtAkuar saveaawiM toeuis.. addrau'
SB. V.1. 0LLS, 46a I lata Bt, 0HI0AQ0.
1 a v
h ,r
I.;.:
IVtf tj t"i?'
fiCIi-" f.
r J