p-ix#
LOCAL matters.
Elstua says he’ll call her
if /he is y‘r^'
vie for J. C. Kirnzey, the Repub
riuninee for Assessor and Treas
rfy is at home, and last Sat
•■v'lugM ?ave our band ^°ys a few
,ilS on the horn.
~>.os. Briggs Jias re-opened his
j .‘Market on Main street, and is
1 .pared to furnish our citizens
the best of meats.
■iie union Coal Company have
'!hajr mining machinery and closed
All hands met on Saturday
_ t last- partook of an oyster
r”er. and had a general good time,
tumlav night last, a wild-cat
;t train south, and the regular
Ji'ger train north, collided, at
Both engines were badly
i;, il, but no one was injured.
1’rof. N- P- Curtice is now making
class. Those desiring to take
::s in music should join the class
Class meets in Ileywood’s
Monday and Friday evenings.
The social hop at City Hall, last
;av evening, is said to have been
finest and largest party of the kind
has been given in the city within
..nst year.
A wise man says, it is a great thing
a young man to find out early that
;S of minimum importance in the
:,j; that while it demands of him
...thing that lie can do, it can get
admirably well without him.
clerk writes home to his sweet
,rt: ‘’Can't marry you tliis winter.
firm don’t advertise; business is
;nl dull, and I will get my wages cut
,m. if the firm don’t bust up alto
i.pr. So let us postpone till ’72.”
i LOIlCtTt jjivru uy i»r cauuaiu
ul children of this city, at tlie
;i>t Church, ou Fridtjy eveniug
under the direction of Prof. C'ur
wxs only fairly attended, yet the
(••n-iaes were of a character that
;i;t to have called out a full house.
-Mrs. T. P. Berryhill, ou Friday
'dug laat. lost a memorandum
containing a small sum of money.
;lie book is of no great value to
one except Mrs. 1!., the finder
,nld return it. It is thought tho
ok was lust at or near the Baptist
:,urcli.
-The editor of The Cairo Pii(>er,
gives us a “rub” on a little item which
appeared in the Tribune last week.
U'e care nothing about the joke, but
are glad tokuow that the Tribune
so interesting that even brethern
o! the press give it a careful perusal.
From Champaign county exchanges
-.••irani that, many of the sufferers
the recent fire in Urbana, 111.,
gone to work with a determina
•,.iu to rebuild the blocks destroyed,
-putting in the place of formerly or
,!in.;i y business houses, substantial
and elegant brick buildings.
As ivelcome as tj*e well-spring to
ii.u weary traveler on the desert is the
approach of the good-natured man.
he. ever has a cheerful smile and a
kindly word for all, and he is ever
ready to relieve distress with practical
aid and sympathy, llis mission on
sincere regret that we do not have
more good-natured men in the world,
and fewer men of extreme piety who
scowl malignantly and make tiiem
seive) disagreeable in so many in
stances. When good-natured men be
-ome as abundant as ill-natured ones,
we may confidently look for the near
approach of the millenhwi and the
"good time coming” that lias so long
been prophesied. The great want of
the period is philanthropic good
natured men.
—An exchange gives the following
receipt for suiciding in an elegant,
iady-Hke and fashionable way. The
author of the receipt says he has seen
it tried and that it is certain to kill:
"Take several cords and fasten them
round the waist, drawing them as
tightly as you can bear. At the end
of a few days you can tighten them
again, and so continue until the body
has assumed the shape of an hour
glass. Your energies will gradually
decline; a dull languor will succeed;
dyspepsia will set in; liver complaint
follows; and the nerves will probably
rebel—but never mind—the work is
going surely on. and the end is not
far. Consumption is at hand, and
will very soon help you so gently down
the rough dark valley, that your final
breath will be barely perceptible.
Should you, however, wish to hasten
this consumption, wear thin shoes
i»l«>u damp ground; tnin low-necked
dresses upon cool evenings; and occa
sionally throw in a hearty meal of
rich food just before retiring. Those
who are tired of life, will find this un
failing.”
Laclede Hotel. Our business
iueu and citizens generally, who visit
St. Louis, should bear iu mind that
the Laclede Hotel is one of the very
test in that city, and at the same time
one of the most reasonable in its
charges. It is centrally located, being
on 5th street, just opposite the
Court House, and is therefore, conve
nient for business. Capt. Maulin
Son, its proprietors, understand their
business. A trial' at this pleasant
house will convince any person that
this is the hotel to stop at. We
recommend our friends to try it, and
if they don’t find it just as we say, let
us know it.
Woods ox Fire.—Sabbath evening
last, the atmosphere was filled with
dense clouds of smoke, all around us,
and yet no fire in any direction was
visible.
The source of this smoko as since
ascertained, was from a fire in the
woods, sonic ten to twelve miles
south and southwest of this city. This
lire as near as we can learn, was at
diffeerent points fa Jackson county.
That southwest is some distance west
of Virgeiuies, and is reported to have
burned over a large district of timber
utid also ruii over several farms, de
stroying corn in the field, fences, &c.
I'o buildings are reported burned.
E
LETTER FROM KANSAS.
[Extract from a letter, written by L. 8. Smith tb
hie etater Hattie:]
As we were just finishing our days
work, we saw in the distance a prairie
fire, the tiling of all others that we were
most in dread of. This one was ap
parently coming right toward us, and
if so, there was no time to be lost.
We hastily saddled our ponies and
started for the fire. On it comes un
til within a half mile of' us, when it
changes its course and it is apparent
that it will go to the left of our ranche,
and we are safe for the present. We
return home and had just finished our
supper, when we discovered that the
fire is now taking a course that endan
gers the house and hay onour claims,
which as you know, are a mile or two
distant from the one on which we live.
Having been quite unwell all day, I
remain to guard our home, and the
other boys harness the mules and with
some ofj the neighbors to help them,
drive over there to protect, if possible,
our property, by “burning around,”
as it is called.
This is very difficult to do and at
the same time keep the fire under con
trol, as if it oace gets away from you,
there is no telling where it will stop
and some one is sure to be burned out.
With the help of a barrel of water and
wet sacks for beating out the fire, they
had succeeded in burning, around the
hay, when they saw another fire which
appeared to be coming right toward
the place oii which we live. The
house on the claim is yet unpro
tected. No time-is to be lost. In a
remarkably short time, they burn a
narrow strip around the house, jump
into the wagon, put the mules on a
full run for home. They are none too
soon. The head fire is coming
with the speed of a race horse and will
soon overtake them. They ply the
whip and dashing across a small creek
turn around to lock back and the fire
is then crossing the road over which
they nave just passed. But the creek
is between them and it, and they are
safe! They get home at midnight and
as no immediate danger threatens
iis, they sit down for a little rest.
Sleep, in the midst of such excitement
and danger is not to. be thought of.
Hardly were we seated, however, when
some one thunders at the door, crying
out, “come boys roll out, or we will
all be burnt out before morning.”
Tired and sleepy, they start again for
the fire, but returned in an hour or so,
saying that the danger had again
passed for the present. At 2 o'clock
they drcp on their beds with their
clothes on, to try for a little sleep,
with the exception of Wiley, who
volunteers to remain on guard the
rest of the night, and if neceessary, give
the alarm. While there is a lull in the
excitement I will give a few explana
tions which will better enable you to
understand the situation. The grass
some four or five feet high, owing to
recent heavy frosts, is as dry as it can
be and almost as combustible as pow
der. The wind blew a perfect gale. A
head fire or that carried in front of
the strong wind, travels faster than
any one can imagine, jj'ho has not wit
nessed it. A “side fire moving
against the wind goes at a much slower
rate. Now, if .you will get the situa
tion of our ranche fixed in your mind,
you will see what we had to do, the
next day. I have drawn a rough
sketch which will give you some idea
of it. The square represents the
piece of land that we are on. The
situation of the house is marked.
The other small enclosures show the
position of the stacks of hay. You
will see that most of the hay is on the
west side of the 4 mile creek. To the
south, across Spring creek, lives Mrs.
Heal, and east of her, Scott Deal, the
man who cut our hay. But I will not
weary you further, but explain as I
proceed.
Wiley stood at hispost till morning,
occasionally riding over to see what
progress the fire was making. It is only
a matter of time and is bound to reach
us sooner or1' later. Being a side
fire,” it moves slowly, and is, by morn
ing, within half a mile of our west
line. We are up early, and after a
hasty breakfast, hitch up the team,
load in the barrel, old sacks and other
implements and start for the fire.'
Feeling much better than yesterday, I
prepare to do iny part with the rest.'
Taking a pony, I ride over to the
claim to see what the fire has done
there. On arriving, I find that while
the grass has been burned as far as the
eye can reach, the house and hay
stand uninjured. The “burning
around of the previous night had
saved them, our only loss being Jhe
tent which we had left standing on
one of the claims to hold it from
“claimjumpers.” I return to where
the “crowd (some 10or 12) axe, and
find them preparing to back fire along
our west line. Back firing, when you
edn only light two or three yards at a
time and then stop to whip that out,
is slow work, but at it we go, with a
will. Meanwhile the wind still rages.
We can hear the crackling of the fire
for a mile. We have made hut little
I progress, when the wind turns on us
1 compelling us to stop. The old fire
fighters are not to be foiled thus, they
send for a plow, the mules are hitched
i to it, but the ground is so hard they
can scarcely pull it. A horse is placed
in front of them, and by hard pulling
they make it go. We turn over a few
furrows on the side we are protecting
and then resume our back firing. By
this time it is about noon, when Scott
Beal comes charging over, on his horse,
saying that “unless we can help him,
in less than half an hour, he will be
burned out. We let the plow and all
but two or three of our force go with
him. They first commence operations
around Mrs. BeaTs, as the fire is com
ing in from the west, and none of the
family are at home to protect their
own property.
The few of us that are left, proceed
with our burning, but with our small
force make slow progress. We have
endangered ourselves to help others,
blit perhaps we will come out all right.
The fire is now within a few yards
of Mrs. B’s house, but they have
plowed several furrows around it and
think it is safe, leaving two men to
watch it, the rest rush to John Beals,
to aid in bis protection. As the fire
runs rapidly around the Rowing, ita
course is checked, but just at this mo
ment a hurricane of wind comes tear
ing along, lifts up the sparks and car
ries them to the top of the hay stable.
In an instant the whole top is ablaze.,
They rush in to save a team of mules,
but so rapidly has the fire spread, that
the whole inside is already in flames.
Stifled by the heat and smoko, they are
compelled to fall back,. They try to
tear off the side of th? stabjp and cut
the halters, but the l\eat forces them
back. The mules struggle a few min
utes, and then nothing is heard but the
crackling of the flames. The corn crib,
near by, soon shares, the fate of the
stable, but as the hou^ is 'some dis
tance from the other buildings, and
the fire is subsiding, it is pronounced
safe, and we all hasten back to protect
our own property. (About au hour
later the house did take fire and was
consumed with all its contents.) The
fire is now coming directly toward us,
and if it crosses Spring creek, it will
come onto us in spite of all our efforts,
and sweep every ton of hay we have
on the west side of Four Mile creek.
Soon a messenger comes flying, with
the unwelcome news that the fire has
crossed the creek southeast of us, and
unless speedily checked, is bound to
sweep in upon us on the east side. If
it does, it is sure destruction to house,
corrall and all our hay on the East
side:” We are now almost surrounded
by ire.; We cannot leave our poston
the West, but work away all the harder,
while we anxiously watch the fire on
the southeast. So we go on for some
time, but the fire is gaining on us%
We send for the-plow, but they send
word that they cannot spare it yet, hut
to “hold out a little longer.” Now
comes fte struggle as to which shall
get the best of it, the fire or us. We
work with all our might, barely keep
ing pace with the fire, which keeps
backing onto us. At last the plow
comes to our rescue for a few minutes,
and with its aid, our labor is some
what lightened. The fire on the south
east does not appear to come any
UV. IV1 VI («UU IIV vuuiiiuuv w'/»uv v»*v
lias succeeded in checking its course.
We afterwards learned that about a
dozen men had stopped it, as it came
up to the road, thus saving, not only
much of our property, but also that of
many others!
We back fired, until we had passed
over the entire west side of the claim
—a half mile—then whipped out the
fire from the southeast corner to
Spring creek, and at last we are safe.
It is now after dark sore and tired,
we gather up our things aud go home.
It has been just twelve hours since we
have had anything to eat or drink.
Our hair is singed, our hands burnt,
our faces black a3 a coal miner’s.
Every bone aches, and now that the
excitement has subsided, we feel the
effects of the over-exertion. We get a
warm supper and do it ample justice,
and are net long in getting to bed, this
night, sure.
During the evening, a rain “sets in”
and extinguishes the fast-spreading
fires, thus saving an immense amount
of property for others, but a little too
late to save us a hard night and day’s
work.
We were thankful, however, even
with such severe labor, to escape with
so small a loss—the tent being the only
thing that went.
So you see that while Chicago was
having such a big fire, we, away down
in Kansas, were having our little ex
citement also.
We have reports of losses in all di
rections around us. An immense
amount of hay has been consumed.
One man lost 400 tons, another 300,
another 200, and many a poor man has
lost, not only his little stock of hay,
but has been burned out of house and
home,” like our neighbor, Sirs. Deal.
The fire extended, more or less, over
the entire county. The Stage Co.,
between Wichita and Newton, lost
their stables and 23 set of harness.
You may think it strange that we
did not have our premises protected,
ready for such an emergency. The
reason that wg and others were not
better secured was, that for the past
three weeks the wind has blown a per
fect gale, day and night, and it was
impossible to burn around our prop
erty, as the fire would be sure to get
away from us and spread over the
whole prairie. It was probably some
one making the attempt, that came so
near burning us all out. Old Kansas
men declare that “they never knew the
wind to be so high for so long a time.”
Since the fire and the rain that im
mediately followed it,’there has been
much less wind.
The day and night that we battled
with the fire, will be a memorable one
in our Kansas history.
Aid for Wisconsin Sufferers.'—
Mrs. Busher, mother-in-law of Dr.
Meyer, of the German Drug Store, is
canvassing the city in behalf of the
sufferers in Wisconsin by the* late fires
in that State, and that of Michigan.
Mrs. Busher is a former resident of
Milwaukee and her friends there in
form her that the distress and suffer
i ing caused by the fires in that State
are far worse than it has been repre
semen oy tne press, one nas neen
solicited to do all in her power to aid
in sending relief to those snfferering.
This appeal comes not to Mrs. Busher
alone, but should touch the sympathies
and arouse the generous nature of
every human heart. It is a call for
help from a common brotherhood, who
have been over, taken by a calamity
from which none may claim' exemp
tion. We have heretofore published
accounts of this terrible fire and the
consequent loss of life and suffering.
We trust the citizens of Du Quoin will
respond liberally to this call. The
chilly blasts of the cold season is al
ready upou those who have lost their
homes, clothing and winter supplies,
and unless they are helped many of
them must perish. They need food,
clothing and money. Everybody is in
vited to leave their contributions at
Dr. Meyer’s drug store, and the same
will be forwarded to the proper parties
for distribution among the needy.
__
—John V. Tyler is the Republican
nominee for the office of Surveyor.
Let every Republican voter in the
county, be at the polls next Tuesday
and vote for him.
Oodttervllle, HI.
[Correspondence Missouri Democrat.] 1 1
Please allow me a small space in your
paper for a description of our flourish
ing little town.
Coulterville is situated in the noith
east comer of Randolph county, one ot
the oldest and best farming counties in
the State. This-town prang into exist
ence about twenty-five years ago, but
grew very slowly, on account of having
no way to recieve merchandise, Ac., ex
cept by wagons. September, a year ago,
however, brought a change. Tiie Cairo
short line was finished, now runs through
the town, and brings us,*ifs it were,
within speaking distance of the future
Great City of the World.
Previous to the running of our rail
road, there were but about thirty houses
in town, and they all bore the marks
of time; now we boast of over one hun
dred good, substantial business bouses
an#'residencee, aud building is still go
ing on, though the Chicago fire checked
it somewhat; but lumber is arriving
again freely, and ere another year
passes we will have added an hundred
buildings more to the present cata
logue.
we nave in town six. urj kuiius “llu
provision stores, one book store, three
drug stores, four blacksmith shops, one
wagon and carriage manufactory, two
first-class boot and shoe shop’s one tin
and hardware store, two saddler’s shop’s
one furniture store, and ^wo butcher
shops. We challenge any town in Egypt
to show more churches, lor the size of
the place, than we can. Our churches'
number four—the United, the Reformed
and the Old School .Presbyterians, and
Methodist. The morals of the town are
o-ood. No spirtuous liquors are allowed
To be sold inside the liruitsuexcept for
medical purposes. The druggists, it
may be remarked, find that there U an
awful sight of cramp colic in the com
munity, as the calls for Bourbon are
plentiful.
There was forwarded from this sta
tion in September nearly one million
and a quarter pounds of freight, con
sisting of wheat, flour, castor beans,
flax, and general produce.
We have but one flouring mill here,
and it has a capacity of only ninety
barrels a day. There are good induce
ments ottered to any one who will put
up a good mill. With the exception of
ihe mill referred to, there are none
nearer than seven miles, and this prarie
is known as the best grain growing
country in the State. As it is now. car
loads of grain leave here daily for the
markets. The .Cairo .short line give
very liberal rates on flour to Caiio and
St.'Louis, and a first-class mill could
not be otherwise than a success. To
the merchants of St. Louis I would
say, the trade from this country will be
worth looking after. As Lt is Cincinnati
is ahead of you. m S. B. D.
Tarr.aroa Items.
Though Xazareth seems, to the su
perficial observer, to be barren and
unfruitful, yet it is but right and just
that she receive a share of the public
notice, since she is to occupy, here
after, a prominent position in the
county on account of commercial at
tractions. She occasionally puts on a
lively appearance, usually wnen some
of the sly drinkers of Du Quoin, who
are afraid to get drunk tlipre, coma up
here for that purpose, and not 6nly ac
complish it, but keep up such an un
earthly, ghastly yell, that greyhounds
put their tails between their legs and
seek their kennels, chickens grow
hoarse by constant cackling and
officers of the law beat a hasty retreat
to their homes and lock themselves
within. Considerable complaint was
made last week because of a sleepless
night being passed, on recount of, a
Du Quoin and Tamaroa debauch.
The result was that one or two of the
Du,Quoin notables enriched the over
bidden coffers of Tamaroa.
On Monday night the town Trustees
held a meeting to take into consideia
tion the late disturbances caused by
the wiskey ring at this place. I
understand, they required the saloon
men to give a new bond with new and
larger securities, and placed some close
strictures around the sale of whiskey.
The streets have been thronged with
drunkards fQr the last two weeks. I said
the’street^,' saloons are confined to one I
street,’, familiarly known, as Smoky
Row,” which, although it is the front
street, is not frequented much by
sober men.
The oldest son of Sheriff Beard, a
boy about fourteen years old, while
riding the switch trains, the general
employment of the boys at this place,
fell beneath the cars, and had his
right foot crushed. With the excep
tion of a few bruises, I believe he es
caped without further injury.
James A. Blakemore, adopted son
of the proprietor of the Grant House,
left for parts unknown very un
ceremoniously, on last Tuesday even
ing. Mr. and Mrs. Blakemore took
James when he was only three weeks
old, near seventeen years ago. On
Saturday evening, a woman got off
the train and took lodging at the
Grant House. She informed James
that she was his mother and persuaded
him'togowith her. James took her
baggage tp the train on Tuesday even
ing, and after seeing her on the cars,
safely jumped aboard himself. Al
though he reckoned without the
host,” he succeeded. Mr. and Mrs. B.
are satisfied she is his mother, but feel
very bad over his departure.
William Woods, is selling off his
present stock of goods at cost, with
the intention of closing business at
this place. Tamaroa sustains a great
loss when he leaves. More at a con
venient season. Xerxes.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
A Good Hint.—Old residents are
posted, but new-comers to the city and
county will be glad to know where
they can buy their groceries and pro
visions, dried and canned fruits, salt,
fish, etc., at low prices. In making
the above statement, we are safe in
saying that no more reliable place can
be found in this city than the exten
sive dry goods and grocery house of
W. V. Pfeffer, Main street, Du Quoin.’
<®"When in rich and fragrant beauty
grew the roses white and red; when
the golden autumn sunshine fell like
blossoms on your head—you never be
held anything more gorgeous apd sub
stantial than the superb display of fall
and winter goods, woolen goods, fall
gnd winter dress goods, hats caps,
furs, mittens, globes, etc., offered by
Williams Watkins. Their stock
comprises everything you may desire
in their line, and they are selling at
very low figures.
Diei> Suddenly of.Heart Disease.
—How common is tlie announcement, j
Thousands are suddenly swept into
eternity by this fatal malady. Tins
disease generally lias its origin in im
pure blood, filled with irritating, poi
sonous materials which, circulating
through the heart, irritate its delicate
tissues. Though the irritation may
at first be only slight, producing a lit
tle palpitation or irregular action, yet
by and by the disease becomes firmly
seated, and inflammation, or hypertro
phy, or thickening of the lining mem
brane or of the valves, is produced.
How wise to give early attention to a
case of this kind. Unnatural throb
bing or pain in the region of the heart
should admonish one that all is not
right, and if yon would preserve it
from further disease, you must help it
to beat rightly by the use of such a
remedy as shall remove the cause of
the trouble. 'Use Dr. Pierce’s Golden
Medical Discovery before the disease
has become too seated, and it will .by
its great blood purifying and wonder
ful regulating properties, effect a per
feet cure. It contains medicinal prop
erties which act specifically upon the
tissues of the heart, bringing about a
i healthy action. Sold by all first-classi
I druggists. L
gS'If you need a sewing machine,!
bear in mind that II. P. Scott, of this!
city, is agent for the Florence, and|
will be most happy to place-one of his
machines in yottr house, that you may
j give it a fair trial before purchasing.
Brigg's Meat Market.—Thomas
Briggs is back at his old stand and der
sires to inform the citizens of Du
Quoin, that he is prepared to supply
his old customers and public generally
j with anything they may desire in this
I line. He says he intends to sell meat
j as cheap as anybody in this city.
Ti ns* What Tim« Has Sanc
tioned.
Tho maxim that the voice of the people te the
voice of the divinity, may; in some cases, be open
to doubt, but the testimony of honest nuclear,
lightened witnesses extending tbnough c eerie* of
years, ami all to the same purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of no question. Upon such testi.
mony the reputation of llogtet ter's Stomach Bit
ters as an antidote and cure for many wlnseuis is
based. During the twenty years that it has been
before the world, innumerable preparations in
tended to compete with it, have gone up like rock
ets, and come down the extinguished sticks.
Meanwhile the progress of that incomparable tonic
has been swift and steady—always upward and
onward like the eagle's flight. Its introduction
produced a revolution in therapeutics, and It
proved to be one cf those salutary revolutions that
cannot go backwards. To-day Hostetter’s Bitters
is one of the most popular remedies in Christen
dom. and commands a larger sale than any other
medicinal preparaiirn, domestie or Imported, on
this side of the Atlantic. As a cure for dyspepsia,
billious disorders, nervous affections, general de
bility, and as a preventive of epidemic fevers, it
takes precedence of every other remedy. This
fact shouldteach the ambitious country dealers
who endeavor to foist their local abortions
on the public in its stead, how futile their small
attempts to cajole the community must necessarily
be. Where the game fish have failed there is no
chance for the suckers.'*
“SSTHTA”
Sewing Machine*
THE “JETITA”'
Is now among the
Most Simple
and Most Perfect
Shuttle Sewing Machines in existence. These
machines have btxn in use for the past twelve
years, and
GIVE ENTIRE SATISFACTION,
On account of their durability and rapid and
almost noiseless movement. They
“rank” with
THE BEST MACHINES
On the market. They stand on the record tested
aad proven
Inferior to None,
Equaled by Few, if Any.
No “crunching cams or rattling cog-wheels,” but
siVnfly and rapidly it does its perfect work, with
ou* disturbing the Invalid or Sleeping Babe,
j We are >row prepared to fill orders, and invite
all to an unprejudiced examination and trial.
D. C. GORDON, Agent.
Du Quoin, Oct. 56,1871. 31-ly
gNIDEIl HOLMES,
Dealers in Every "Description of
IP -A- IP IE IR,,
Printers’ Card Stock,
Wade’s Ink, and Envelopes.
Manufacturers of
Fine Book and News Paper,
103 North Second Street.
n- ST. LOUIS, MO.
FRANKLIN
Fire Insurance Go.
OF PHILADELPHIA.
Established 1826.

CASH RESOURCES S3.I94.3II.57.
The Losses of this Company by the
Chicago Fire are about $400,000, which
WILL NOT ABSORB TWENTY
FEU CENT, of its capital.
Policies Issued at Fair Bates.
W. II. nOLMES, Agent.
Du Quoin, Oct. 19, 1871.
Reduction of Prices.
MADE TO ORDER
50cts;to $1.00 Cheaper
THAN OLD PRICES.
The brut of material used, and work well done
and warranted. Mending done promptly.
Ready-Made Work
For Bale tost uiw,-. All are invited to call and Bed
.ample*. Shop- Main St,, west of Smith's
Bank, Dn (Jnotn, 111. -I
4 lf I.0TTT8 STRIKER.
•'■■■AM ,1*** »M*T
SXAT* OF ILLWO1*.
Chancery Notice.
-f
■M.
County of Perry.)
In tbe Circuit Court of tbe Norember teem A.
Knot P. Pomeroy, James Page, William P. Bar
bank, James L.'Primm, A. H. Bnrlffcgam*,
Wayue Simms, Mathew Kirkwood, Samuel Mc
Klvain, Hiram L. Burbank, Martin A. Rous and
Joseph B* Yearian.
Mary A. Wood, Ada' L. Burbank, Anna M. Bar
bank, Ireuius P. Burbank. Howard Hatch, Plioeba
Edwards. Alonson Edward*, Mary Kirkwood,
Martha Reed, Sarah J-Green. Albert J. Green,
Elizabeth B. Edwards, Winfield Edwards, Jos
eph A Weeks. William Wood, Thomas Wood,
Orlando Wood. Martha Callihan. Littleton L,
Callihan. Ziba Wood, Ebeuezer Wood, Amelia
Wood, Harvey Wood, Hannah Wood, Darwin
Wood. Lucy Wood, and tbe DnQuoin Female
Seminary.
BitlinChahckrt.
Notice is given said Thomas Wood, Orlando Wood,
Martha Callihan, Ziba Wood. Ebcneezcr Wood,
Amelia Wood. Littleton L. Callihan narvey
Wood, Hannah Wood, Darwin Wood and Lucy
Wood, that said complainants this day filed their
Bill in Chancery, ill said Perry County circuit
court Btvied as above; that a Summons in Chan
cery has been issued thereou returnable to the
term of the said Perry county circuit court to
be commenced and holden at the court house,
in Baid county, on the second Monday in the
month of November next, and that, unless yon
shall appear at said term, of said court, and
answer to the said Bill in Chancery tbs
game Mill b« taken as confessed by yon
and a decree entered in accordance therewith.
Witness, (ha.-, U, Hoe, Clerk of the aaid
circuit court this September 14th A. D. 1871.
Cbas. H, Roe, Clerk.
Waix, Solicitor.
Guardian's Sale.'
Rx pnrte David Jones ami John Ambler,'•guard
dians of the minor heirs of Mary Ambler, oec’d—
Petition to sell real estate.
Notice is hereby given, that in pursuance of au
order and decree made in said cause in the Perrv
county circuit court, at the November term thereof.
lfTU, wr, David Jones, guard! m of Ausie Charlotte
nnd Man.’ Halloway, and .John Ami her. guardian of
Mary Ambler, minor heirs of Mary Ambler, dic’d,
will!on Saturday, the 11th day of November. 1871,
between the hours of »0 o'clock a. m. aud 4 o’clock
y. m. of said day, at the station house of the Illinois
Central railroad In Du Quoin, Perrv county. 111.,
offer for sale at public vendue, to the highest bid
der. the following named real estate, situated in
Perry county. 111., to-wit: Lot No. 2, in Joseph W.
Clement’s additim to Du Quoin, excepting the
coal and other minerals under the surface of saidi
lot.
Terms of safle: One-half In six months, and half
in twelve month*, the purchaser to give persona’
security and a mortgege on the premises.
DAVII) JONES, Guardian.
-JOiiN AMBLER, Guardian.
Wm. Klstux, Att’y.
October 4,1871.
Mortgagee's Sale of Real Estate.
NOTICE i* hereby given thst on the 19th day of
January, 1872, at the hour of twelve o'clock M.
the undersigned will sell at public auction to the
highest bidder, the undivided one-thUd part of the
West halt of the Southeast quarter of Section
Twenty seven, and of the Northwest quarter of the
Northeast quarter of Section Thirlv-four in Town
ship Xo. Six, Sooth Range No. Ode West ofth4
third P. M.. in Perry county, Illinois, executin'.!
74 acres out of the Northwest corner of the North!
west quarter ot the Southeast quarter M scctionl
Twenty-seven hero'ofore conveyed by Iiiram
Hinckley to Josiah Wood. This sale will lake place
on the premises, will be for cash in hand and will be
made by virtue of the provisions of a certain mort
gage executed nnd delivered to the undersigned bv
George E. Hinckley nnd Carrie M. I line k lev, his
wife, on the 3bth March 1868. and afterwards re
corded in look *kC,"of mortgages, page 4, of the
records of said Perry county, Illinois.
BKNAJAH G. ROUTS, Mortgagee.
July 10th, 1871. y 16-tim
Down They Go!
-u
yew Goods for Fall Trade.
Prices on custom made Boots and Shoos
reduced from
$1 to $3 per Pair.
G. F. Siekman’s,
I On south side of Main street.
GOOD STOCK,
SMALL PROFITS,
Custom Work Warranted.

We employ none hut Arst-elase workmen; Buy the
very beet etock from lAnre dealers, and can tnere
fore give satisfaction in all cases.
Repairing Promptly Attended to. Give
me a call before you purchase.
Du Quoin, Aug. 1,18T1. 48-lj
John R. Elstun,
(Successor to Eletnn Dudley,)
Dealer in Drugs
AND MEViCIJSES.
South side Main street. 2nd door east of Division
■O
Sign of the Big Mortar.
Prescription! Compounded with Cue.
Du Quoin, March 22, 1671 1-ly
Cheap Farms! Free Homes!
On the line of the
Union Pacific R. R.
A LAND 8RANT ON
12,000,000 -A-CiaiES
or TR*
Best Fanning St Mineral Lands in America*
3,000,000 acres choice Farm
ing lands and grazing lands on the line of the
road, in the
State of Nebraska, in the Platte Valley,
Now offered for sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mild and healthy climate,
and for grain growing and stock raising, unsur
passed by any in the United States.
Prices range from $2 to $10 per acre.
Homesteads for Actual Settlers.
2,600,000 acres of Government land, between
Omaha and North Platte, open for entry ss home
steads only.
Soldiers of the Late War
Are entitled to a free homestead of ieo acres, with'
in railroad limits, equal to a r'/.rect bountv of $4oo
Send for the new edition „f descriptive pampbla
^Ith new maps, mailed free everyw&rc.
Address o. F. DAVIS,
_. Commissioner U. P. It. R. Co.
a4*»m Omaha Neb.
TEAGUE, HARRIS C0„
Settlement of Accounts.
Ilil
meet.
riers«is being Indebted (p the firm of Teague,
is Co., will now be requiret) to make settle*
Bui a short tiraw can be given.
TEA0CT5, HARRIS A 00.
Da Qrnrtn, III., Oct *4.1871. fl-w4
New Store!
New Goods!
New Prices!
IB KELLEY CO
Hare just received, at thoirnew store
room, one door east of Heyweod’a
book store a general stock of
FALL AND WINTER GOODS.
embracing all the latest styles and
patterns. Also a doe stoek ot
GROCERIES,
TEAS, 4&i
COFFEES. 4
sugars, -.t;; :v,;;
QUEENSWARE, 4.
AC’Css
[Prices. Reasonable:
J. B. KELLY A CO.
b. r. i*opk bb.
GOODS
We have ia stock large Bssortmeat of
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HATS, CAPS,
Boots and Shoes,
Ac., Ac., Ac.,
A choice lot of Boulevert Skirts, Half
Hose and Men’s Shirts just received.
Which we propose to sell cheaper thin erer before.
Onr
Stock is always Complete
and we are determined to Mil aa
CHEAP. AS ANYBODY.
Give Bn a call before tmrchaalne el“<v.rbcre. 40-lr
POPE CO.
v Cheap, Cheap!
GREAT REDUCTION
IN THJE PRICE OF
1V'V. f I
Ready Made
CLOTHING,
f
At the popular Clothing Store of
JOE. SAX.OMOIff.1
71
in Wall’s brick, north side Main street,
Du Quoin, III.
Mjr stock 1b large, and my goods inferior to none
In the city.' If you want BAiiGAHs'S, give met
call before tou purchase. t-l-lj
A PROFITABLE BUSINESS.
Intelligent, active mon or women, young or old,
can have pleasant, largely paying employment, br
taking an Agency for any town in tne'U. S., for
Tib Long-Looked for Malterpiece—The
Crowning Work of his Lute.
Henry Ward Beecher’s
LIFE OF 1
JESUS CHRIST.
SURE TO OUTSELL any book efhr pnbljahod.
Prospccma booke ere now ready, and te^Uorv will
be awarded to reliable agenta oil early applioiulon.
Term* liberal. Apply to J. B. FORD CO.. 386
W Madlton St., Chicago, 111. |l-w*
Farm for Sale.'
-o
A T&lnable little form of acre*. pl«M*^ly sit
uated three-fourth* of I mile north of the Depohht
Blkrtlle; well feaced, and *11 handsome rolling
Prairie. The eoil le of an excellent •ju.'uKnr, west
adapted to all kinde of regttabloa, gras# and frara
haaonitaear
1,500 Thrifty Fruit Trie*,
bjmjt of thorn boaring, and the fruit proved to \m
ofun excellent quality. They eqpeist o€
Apple, Peach, Pear, .Cherry A ftW
Also atpaj fftflt, eoah aa
GRAPES, currants and
gooseberries.
The farm la fnrnisbed with an abor.danoatf
GOOD WATER, from two well* that NKVEE
FAIL, and atock water a portion of the jfar. ^Th*
buildings consist of a good T 1
TWO-STORY DWELLINGS
a barn and convenient outbuildings, cribs, Jbe1,* T#
clufll
•ay nothing of these, half of the land, in chin lh
the orch&iu, ia considered WORTH $100 Fa®
ACRE. The house and the other SO acres bein^
almost clear gain to the purchaser.
Other good land adjoining, con be had cheap If
desired, aud wood l»md tor $5 per acre. m
The purchaser can have all on tho MOST EAST
and ACCOMOT)ATING TERMS. F*r information
regarding thi6 property, inquire at the Tribuvs
Printing Office. l*-t*
Farm for Salfl^
AT A BARGAIN.
An 80 acre farm 4 mile, reotheaat af (ilia city
can ha bought at a bargain.
60 Acres of it Improved,
And all choice terming land. Ticcnf? tffret id*
joining In good timber. There ia a T V~ IS
GOOD FARM HOUSE
1
on the farm, a never-failing well of u tter, aid good
oat buildings.
T&?tns of Sale:
Half cash down, and long time will be given on
the balance, or other property, real or personal,
will be taken In exchange.
For particulars, address, or call at the TatsCKi
Office. aU*S
Brookings &Whrfe^
DRUGGISTS,
North side of Main street, 2nd door esat of
Division, t
Du QiiQiiij Illinois*
De«iw« >d i rx
MEDICINES, CHEMICALS,*
Paints, Oils, Varnishes,
Oil»*s. Pmttr,'Flu© 8o*pe,
Sponges, Brushes, Perfumery,
Dye Woods and-J>jr*£taflfa
Pure Wines and Liquors
For medicinal use, and all other articles kept 1b
the drug line. Physicians' Prescriptions
Carhptlly Cobpovrdcil 44-ijr
GORDON'S
New Jewelry Store!.
Raving return*! to tiu* city, and entered into
my old bueiiienfl, I am now prepared to offer to my
old friends, patrons, and th« public, as ttr.o an as
sortment of
W&TfiJKES, fifefiCSES,
And Jewelry of svMyiesuiptioa,
And as cheap as trav ever offered In this market..
My stock is all new, and embraces ail the styl« s,
varieties, snd qualities of goods belonging to ft
first-class jewelry establishment,
I am also prepared to do a l kinds of
BEPAIE/inSTG
On Watches. Clucks and Jewelry.
Jfcs^T'All v ,.k warranted.
<^all and sae me, and examine my sleek. 8tore
in M. J. Schrader's brick, W*«n street.
C. GORDON.
Da Quoin, Sopt. 7th, 1871. 24
State Fair at Du Quoin
H. HINKLE..' A. r. JACOBS.
H. HENKE CO.
Take pleasure in nnnonneing to the citizens of
Dn Quoin and vicinity, tjjat they Jiave just opened
a first-class v
Grocery and Pro virion Store.
Otir stock embraces everything tiannllr found in
first-class stores. GOODS ALL NEW.
Onr prices are as cheap as the cheapest. a
Country produce taken in exchange for goods.
Call and examine onr stock. y 13
J J. HIGGINS^
North side Main sfeeet, between Division and Mul
berry, DU Ql'OIN, III., deader in
Watches, Jewelry, Clocks,
SIL VER A XI)
SIL yjm P L A TED WARE.
4
A beautiful stock of Foreign American Watches
and Clocks. Also,
liken, Lambert <C f«’» Gold Pena.
Watches. repaired, and Engraving dons
neatly and promptly...at, the lowest living rates.
Give me a call, and I guarantee satisfaction,
All goods warranted aa represented. '**#J'
46-lr J. J. HIGGINS.
I desire to annonnee to mv patrons and the
lie generally, that I am now*oflforlng my milllaosy
goods, conelsiing of
Hats
bonnets,
Ribbons,
Flowers,
ana aji ins taioai aiyies or
Millinery and Dress Patterns
usually loutid In 4rst-c]a«s establUhmiWU, as Uar,
as tho goods tac be sold for anywhere.
My assortment is complete. Mr stock of fall
and winter goods is now being received.
I am also agent for the
Howe Sewing- Machine.
Also, on hand, a fine assortment of Ladies' TT«
derwear.
Call and examine my goods, at No. It Division
street, before purchasing elsewhere.
34- K. B. FTJEATO.
Latest FasUais.
I have now on hand my spring stock of French
and American
Millinery 600#
Every dollar's worth new, and a 'complfcfo ltae of
goods. I shall kceplher*
LATEST STYLES,'
and sell at reduced projgt.
Bleaching) Pressing Repairing
will be promptly attended to. Store on Xorth Di
vlelon street, In Brookins'* building.
Mr .li. K. SMITH.
FOR' SALEOR RENT.
The property on the northeast corner of Colt and
Washington streets, consisting of a
House and Lqt/
The house has 8 rooms, a good cellar witti 'reek
walls, and well drained with pipe drainage. The
lot contains flue shade and a 1
FMUIT TJtJEJSsi
cistern, Ac. Terms easy, on lone fijne and Iswjl
tereat, or will exchange for mineral land. WA
qntrt at THnK*w^O#l»so gw partlcnl.ers. 14-tf