title: The Hasty-Pudding, Canto I (part 1 of 2)
author: Joel Barlow
date: 1796
source: https://archive.org/details/hastypuddingpoem00barl (The Hasty-Pudding: A Poem in Three Cantos, New York: W. H. Graham, 1847; first pub. 1796; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 109
attribution: certain
notes: mock-georgic in heroic couplets; light verse; OCR source (archive.org)

YE Alps audacious, thro' the heavens that rise,
To cramp the day and hide me from the skies;
Ye Gallic flags that o'er their heights unfurl'd,
Bear death to kings, and freedom to the world,
I sing not you. A softer theme I choose,
A virgin theme, unconscious of the Muse,
But fruitful, rich, well suited to inspire
The purest frenzy of poetic fire.
Despise it not, ye Bards to terror steel'd,
Who hurl'd your thunders round the epic field;
Nor ye who strain your midnight throats to sing
Joys that the vineyard and the still-house bring;
Or on some distant fair your notes employ,
And speak of raptures that you ne'er enjoy.
I sing the sweets I know, the charms I feel,
My morning incense, and my evening meal,
The sweets of Hasty- Pudding. Come, dear bowl,
Glide o'er my palate, and inspire my soul.
The milk beside thee, smoking from the kine,
Its substance mingl'd, married it with thine,
Shall cool and temper thy superior heat,
And save the pains of blowing while I eat.
Oh! could the smooth, the emblematic song
Flow like the genial juices o'er my tongue,
Could those mild morsels in numbers chime,
And as they roll in substance, roll in rhyme,
No more thy awkward unpoetic name,
Should shun the Muse, or prejudice thy fame;

But, rising grateful to lh' accustom'd ear,
All bards should catch it, and all realms revere!
Assist me first with pious toil to trace,
Thro' wrecks of time thy lineage and thy race;
Declare what lovely squaw, in days of yore,
(Ere great Columbus sought thy native shore,)
- First gave thee to the world; her works of fame
Have liv'd indeed, but liv'd without a name.
Some tawny Ceres, goddess of her days,
First learn'd with stones to crack the well-dry'd maize,
Thro' the rough sieve to shake the golden show'r,
In boiling water stir the yellow flour —
The yellow flour, bestrew'd and stir'd with haste,
Swells in the flood and thickens to a paste,
Then puffs and wallops, rises to the brim,
Drinks the dry knobs that on the surface swim;
The knobs at last the busy ladle breaks,
And the whole mass its true consistence takes.
- Could but her sacred name, unknown so long,
Rise like her labours, to the son of song,
To her, to them, I'd consecrate my lays,
And blow her pudding with the breath of praise,
If 'twas Oello, whom I sang before,
I here ascribe her one great virtue more.
Nor thro' the rich Peruvian realms alone
The fame of Sol's sweet daughter should be known,
But o'er the world's wide climes should live secure,
Far as his rays extend, as long as they endure.
Dear Hasty-Pudding, what unpromis'd joy
Expands my heart, to meet thee in Savoy!
Doom'd o'er the world thro' devious paths to roam,
Each clime my country, and each house my home,
My soul is sooth'd, my cares have found an end,
I greet my long-lost, unforgotten friend.
For thee thro' Paris, that corrupted town,
How long in vain I wander'd up and down,
Where shameless Bacchus, with his drenching hoard
Cold from his cave, usurps the morning board.
London is lost in smoke and steep'd in tea;
No Yankee there can lisp the name of thee;

The uncouth word, a libel on the town,
Would call a proclamation from the crown.*
From climes oblique, that fear the sun's full rays,
Chill'd in their fogs, exclude the gen'rous maize;
A grain whose rich luxuriant growth requires
Short gentle showers, and bright etherial fires.
But here, tho' distant from our native shore,
With mutual glee we meet and laugh once more.
The same! I know thee by that yellow face,
That strong complexion of true Indian race,
Which time can never change, nor soil impair,
Nor Alpine snows, nor Turkey's morbid air;
For endless years, thro' every mild domain,
Where grows the maize, there thou art sure to reign.
But man, more fickle, the bold license claims,
In different realms to give thee different names.
Thee the soft nations round the warm Levant
Polenta call, the French, of course, Polente;
Ev'n in thy native regions, how I blush
To hear the Pensylvanians call thee Mush!
On Hudson's banks, while men of Belgic spawn
Insult and eat thee by the name Suppawn.
All spurious appellations, void of truth;
I've better known thee from my earliest youth,
Thy name is Hasty-Pudding! thus our sires
Were wont to greet thee fuming from their fires;
And while they argu'd in thy just defence
With logic clear, they thus explain'd the sense: —
" In haste the boiling caldron o'er the blaze,
" Receives and cooks the ready-powder'd maize;
•"In haste 'tis serv'd and then in equal haste,
" With cooling milk, we make the sweet repast.
" No carving to be done, no knife to grate
" The tender ear, and wound the stony plate;
" But the smooth spoon, just fitted to the lip,
" And taught with art the yielding mass to dip,
" By frequent journeys to the bowl well stor'd
" Performs the hasty honours of the board."
Such is thy name, significant and clear,
A name, a sound to every Yankee dear,
tions to prevent American principles from being propagated in his country.
