Love makes a Man 
0 R, 


The Fops . 


COMEDY: 


Acted at 4 


„en Royal in Drury-Lane, 
- MY 


Her M AJ ES TY'S Servants 


— 
— 


Written by C. Cibber. 


Interdum tollit 7 mana «Fi gem. e 


__— — — — 
— 


6—— n 


y rinted for Richard Parker at the Royal! Exchange, Dorman Newmas 
Leiceſter Feilds, and George Harris in St. James's- Street. 
Price Ic. 64. 


. * BARVARD COLLEGE LIBRARY a 
„ ( , DRAMATIC COLLECTION 
| Ps N 9 K. . . "=O > 
DANIEL PAINE GRISWOLD - | „ ; : 
BEQUEATHED. BY HIS WIFE 
1922 
Ihe Per lons. 
| 
Ad. - Old Gentlemen. | 
Charino Mr. Croſs. 


Don Lewis, Unkle, and near Friend to Carlos. Mr. Penkethman. 


Carlos a student, 


T Fons to Antonio. N. Wilks. 


Mr. Cibber. 


. "LM to Carlos. Ar. Norris. 


Monſieur, Valet to Clodio. 


SOVergour of Lisbon, 2 Mr. Simpſon. 
Don Duart, his Nephew. 5 | M. Mills 

Don Maree a Sez-Oficer 1 in Pr with 0 Mr. Toms. 9 
Wn, Daughter to Charino, . Mrs. Temple. 
Louiſa, a Lady of Quality and Pleaſure; . 1 Verhiugian. 
Elvira, Siſter to Don Duart. us. Knight. 
Honoria, . Couſin to Toniſes | | Mrs. Moor. ; 


4 LS 
* 
* 


Prieſt, Officers, ar 8 


9 


N — ee", 1 ** » 


10 


Sir NILLIAMH BROWNLOVE, Bar. 

7 Is not, Sir, my bare concern for this Play alone, that has 

encourag'd me to this Addreſs: But likewiſe the Com plaints, 

: and Hardſhips of the Stage in general. Poetry, of which I 
may venture to ſay, the Dramatick is the moſt uſeful Part, never had 
more need of able Friends, than now: And while I eake my ſhelter 
here with You, tis not ſo much in Terror of the Criticks (whom 
tho? I ſhou'd be glad this Play cou'd pleaſe, yet if it does not, I 
muſt ſtill beg their Pardon, and leave to be fatisfied with its ſuc- 
ceſs tho? unmerited.) I ſay not fo much in fear of an ill natur'd 
Pit, as the formidable Zeal of a Preſenting Mzaaleſex Jury: Men 
of Right Worſhipful, and petitioning Principles, that wou'd Reform, 
aud Level moſt things, but the Price of their own Commodities; 
ſo down with the Play-Bills, among the reſt our Fall's decreed : 
For, -alas! we are of no more uſe to Mens Manners, than a Steeple 
is to Religion, an Army to Peace, or to the Publick the Year's Per- 
quiſites of a Lord Mayor's Office, | 
Axarice, Hypocriſie, and Ignorance have thrown off their ſhort 
Cloaks, ſpit in their Paws, and are every one reſolv'd to have blow 
at the root of the Bay-Tree, and when it's down, like Brethren, 
they are to ſhare it among em: Ignorance is to carry home the 
Stem, and lay it on for a Billet, Aypocriſie, and Avarice to make a 
lawful Penny of the Branches, among the ſinful, to adorn the pro- 
phane Windows of their Babhylonian Idol, Chriſtmas : But this we are 
not to wonder at ; For there are among us a ſort of Gentlemen, that 
have been us'd to Lopping, that know how to handle an Axe, and I 
think the laſt time they pull'd down the Stage in the City, they ſet 
up a Scaffold at Court; perhaps they are not now the leſs our Ene- 
mies, becauſe the King's Authority ſupports us. 

A reaſonable Stranger here wou'd be apt to imagine from their vi- 
olent, and open Proſecution, that we of courſe muſt have no Licence, 
and that certainly nothing but the King's Patent cou'd protect ſo ma- 
ny lewd, notorious, „ and private Houſes in, and a bout 

- .. the: 


IJ be Dedicatioon. 


the City : Now whether ſuch Houſes are by them Tolerated to 
ſhew their Power only, or the waggiſhneſs of their Inclinations, is of 
no great moment to determine. | 
But methinks it thoſe Places, and ſome few other Dealings, were 
firſt a little better regulated, it wou'd appear leſs raſh in em than 
ſhou'd they in a full Body knock at every door in the City to enquire 
for {ſome wite, and honeſt Man, ro know of him after all, if wereall 
were a Muſance, or not, and Whether they, and their Cluldreir 
ought not to be frighred at Muſick, and Bears, and Bulls, and Play- 
bating? Or if ſuch a Per ſon ſhou'd not eaſily be found, Mr. Ce. 
wou'd be as able to reſolve em in a moment, and be ready with a 
ſecond Indictment againſt us, before they cou'd tell him out fifty 
pound for his Labour : This now, in my thoughts wou'd be abun- 
dance more Jult, and Methodical: But they will have every thing 
their own way, and ſo let m; to offer *tm advice is encroaching up- 
on their Liberty of playing the Fool. 515 1 

But ſuppoſe the Stage may have taken too looſe a Liberty? is there 


nothing to be ſaid for it? Have not all Sciences been guilty ? Was it 
to be expected in a Reign of Pleaſure, Peace, and Madneſs, that the 


Poets ſhou'd not be merry? Did not the Court then lead up the 
Dance ? And did not the whole Nation joyn in it? Was it not a 


meer Joan Saunderſon, and did nor the Lawn-{leeves, Coiffs, and 


Caſſocks fill up the meaſure ? But ſince thoſe Dancing dæys are over, 


F hope our Enemies will give us leave to grow wiſe, aud ſober, as 


well as the reſt of our Neighbours: Why ſhall not we have the li- 


berty to reform, as well as the Clergy, and Lawyers? I believe up- 
on a fa Examination we may find, that Prophaueneſs, Cruelty, 

and Pallive Obedience, are now leſs than ever the buſineſs of 

the Stage, the Bench, or the Pulpit; and I doubt not, but we can 


produce Examples oi ſome new Plays, Lawyers, and Paſtors chat 


have met with ſucceſs without being oblig'd ro Immorality, ' Bri- 
bery, or Politicks, and I dare offer this Play as one of the Number. 


Now if the Stage muſt needs down, becaule *tis poſſible it may 


Seduce, as well as Inſtruct; the fame rule of policy might forbid 
the uſe of Fhyſick, becauſe not only their Patients, but Phy ſicians 


themſelves die of common Diſaaſes; or call in the mill'd Crowns, be- 


caule they are but 10 many Patterns for Coyners to counterfeit by, 
Ys 


or might as well ſuppreſs the Courts of Judicature, becauſe ſome Per- 


{ons have ſuffer'd for What a fucc22ding Reign has made a new 
: Law 
3- 


N 
nl 


2 
3 


he Deaication. 


Law, to make that Law that ſentenc'd em Illegal: The ſame Con- 
cluſion might diſcountenance our Religion, becauſe we ſometimes 
find Pride, Hypocriſie, Avarice, and Ignorance in its Teachers: So 
that if our zealous Reformers do but ſtick fairly to their method we e 
may in time hope to ſee. our Nation flouriſh witheut either Wit, 
Health, Money, Law, Conſcience, or Religion. 

But this fort of Reformation I hope will never be througlhly 
wrought, while the King, and the Eſtabliſnt Church have any 
Friends: The Stage Pm ſure was never heartily oppreſs'd but by the 
Enemies of both, and it has been always obfervable, that they who 
can't endure a Prince on the Theatre, have not been very apt to like 
him on the Throne. So that at worſt our comfort is, that when we 
ean*t be quietly Players, we ſtill dare (as ſome of our Predeceſſors 
did) ſtir, and be Loyal. But, Sir, I treſpaſs too long upon your 

atience, as *tis the misfortune of an obliging teraper to encourage 


its own Trouble, tho? IJ am in hopes all I have ſaid won't be choughr 


ſo, becauſe I know you are ſo much a Favourer of the Muſes, as got 
to be difpleas*d when they are able to ſpeak for themſelves : Tis no 
little Pride to us, that we have yet men of your Integrity, and Hon- 
our, inclin'd, and able to ſupport us: The reaſonableneſs of your 


Temper gives you Inclination, and the plenty of your Fortune Pow- 


er; both which together have fixt you in a laſting taſte of happineſs, 


and *tis our knowledge in the uſe of m only makes us ſo: How far 


that knowledge contributed to your mutual Rounds of Peace and 
Joy, the many never dying Virtues of your firſt happy choice in Love, 
will ſtand a memorable and unequalPd proof to Ages. And while 


we daily ſte ſo many people in their own Coaches, whoſe Profuſe- 


neis, Pride, Sarizty, and Sloth renders*em contampribly wretched; 
we may reaſonably conclude, that ro know how to be Happy is (per- 
haps the moſt difficult, but) certainly the moſt uſeful Wiſdom in the 


World, yet, Sir, you I dare pronounce are happy. 


Happy in your Principles, ycur choice of Friends, and Pleaſures. 
The firſt have taught you to be juſt, Obliging, Grateſul, and a 


Friend; cauitous in-your Credit, and punCtua]l to your Word, be- | 


cauſe you knew you bad a priviledge to break it: Happy in your 
Friends, becauſe you have made their Intereſts your own, and Hind, 
chat they have Faith, and Power, to ſecure, and to return your 


I- 


Z UT AJC 4 2 n. 


- Young, a Fair, and Virtuous Bride, from the early Inſtances of 
whoſe Prudent, and Obliging Conduct we may modeſtly conclude, 
that the chaſte Breath of her admir'd Example may in time blow 
off the diſgraceful Duſt, which Libertiniſm has thrown upon the 
\ © facred Head of Marriage, and reſtore it to its rightful Power of 
Diſpenſing among Mankind the moſt ſecure, and folid happineſs 
of Life; That yours may long and mutually continue, is the on- 
ly addition it can receive from Fortune, or the moſt devoted 


; wiſhes of 
4178, - 2 
. Your moſt Oblig'd, = 
> and moſt Humble Servant, ; 
Jay. 16. 
1700. 2 


Colley Cibber. 


F the Reader will pleaſe to look over Fletcher?s Elder Brother, aud 


his Cuſtom of the Country, he may be ſatisfied bow far I am ob- 


| Tg'd 10 thoſe two Plays for part of this 


{ = Inclnation : Your Pleaſures are but few, becauſe they are Great, 
and the greater becauſe the can admit no Partner: Thoſe of a 


91 — * . 
Pd A. 
7 << * 


; ng ge 
- k ” . 


' b * * 
5 „ 
R = 4. * " a 
5 ** 5 He 


«„ — 3 . 
2 
— 


— * ' 2 2 1 
5+ F. -\ 1 8 
2 \ 8 25 Fob oye f l ' . 
k ' - ' 8 4 * - * 2 MM. * 3 
- 3 va : 

| f 5 ; * 2 8 ; 2 By | ; E 
* ns 2 - | 4 N * Pres 
a , 0 - / ö 
4 7 
To LOVE N 
| 3220 E makes 2 . 


YINCE Plays are but à kind of Publick Feaſts, _ 
Where Tickets only wake the welcome Gueſts; 

| Methinks, inſtead of Grace, we (hou'd prepare 

! Tour Taſtes in Prologue, with your Bill of Fare. 

When you foreknow each Courſe, tho? This may teize you, 
Tis five to One, bat One 01h Five may pleaſe you. 

Firſt for you Criticks, we've your darling Chear, 

Faults without number, more than Senſe can bear: 

Tou're certain to be pleas'd where Errors are. 

From your Dijpleaſure I dare vouch were ſafe ; 

Toe never fromu, but where your Neighbours laugh. 

Now you that never know, what Spleen or Hate is, 
Who for an Act or two are welcome gratis, 

That tip the Wink, and ſo ſneak out with Nunquam fatis ; 
For your (mart I aſtes we ve toſt you up a Fop, 

We hope the neweſt that's of late come ap; 

The Fool, Beau, Wit, and Rake, ſo mixt he carrys, 

Fe ſeems a Ragou piping hot from Paris. 

But for the ſofter Sex, whom moſt we'd move, 

Were what the Fair and Chaſte were form"d for, Love. 
An artleſs Paſſion fraught with Hopes and Fears, 5 


And neareſt happy, when it moſt deſpairs. 
For Masks we've Scandal, and for Beaus French Airs 
To pleaſe all Taſtes well do the beſt we can, 


For the Galleries, we've Dicky and Penkethman. 
Now, Sirs, you're welcome, aud you know your Fare; ”— 5 


But pray in Charity the Founder ſpare, 
Leſt you deſtroy at once the Poet and the Player, 


= a 80 r * * 3 — : = 4 
£ — 4 * . 1 * 4 ] To * 
- \ X 2 N | 
NP: a [ a J | 
PE 5 i . 9 
” = n : | 
F * ©- . 
| "= * „ TI 
"fk. £ 
" 5 2 


Aud fall as much unwillingh is paids © HL 
| Good Lines, 1 grant, are little worth; but jet, 
Coin has been always eaſier raisd than Wit: © * 
© (I fear wed made but very poor Canepalgus, 4 2 
Had Funds been levy'd from the grumbling Brains.) + * I, 
Beſide, to what poor Parpoſe ſbou d we was; OM RS" N 


When you have once reſolv d 4 Play ſhall bleed? _ 08 
But then again, aWretch, in «ny Caſs, . 6 
Has leave 10 ſay why Sentence ſbou d wot paſs, 
Firſt let your Cenſure from pure Judment flow, © 
And mix with that ſome Grains of Mercy too. 2a 
On ſome your Praiſe, like wanton Lovers, you beftow. 
Thas have you known 4 Woman plainly fair, 
As firſt ſcarce worth your two days Pains or Care; 
Mithoat a Charm, but being Toung, an New: N 1 
(You thought five Guineas far beyond her Dae.) WTR AA ©: 


But when perſu d by ſome gay leading Lover, 8 Y Ra: 


Then every day her Eyes new Charms diſcover ; 

Till at the laſt by Crowds of Beaux admir'd, 

Sy as rais'd her Price to what her Heart deſw'd, © 
New Gowns and Petticoats, which her Airs requir d. 
So Miſs, aud Poet too, when ouce cry'd up, 

Believe their Reputation at the top; ö 

And know, that white the liking Fit has ſeis'd you, 
She cannot Look, he Write too ill to Pleaſe you. 
How can you bear a ſenſe of Love ſo. groſs, 

To let meer Faſhion on your Tafte impoſe ? 

Your Taſte reſin d might add to your Delight; | 
Poets from Jou ae taught 10 raiſe their Flight : = n= T1 
Far as Jou learn to juage, They learn to write. * 


— 


«V 


E 


— a „ : N + * * o 5 "i 
NM Epilogue's 4 Tax on Authors laid. „„ 


F 


* 
+ 


/ 


— 
- 
* 
= 


3 


The Fop's Fortune. 


LOVE makes a MAN: 


O R; 


ACT I. 
The SCENE a» HALL 


: Enter Antonio ad Charino. 


ITHOUT Com mplement, my old Friend, I 
/ ſhall think my ſelf much Honour'd in yout 
Alliance : — Families are Ancient both, 


our Children young and able to ſupport 
'Y ind, * think, the W we ſet em to Work the 


Jetter. 


2 


* 


-— — 


. Thos A, a Man: Or, 


Cha. Sir, you offer fair and nobly, and ſhall find I dare meet 
you in the ſame Line of Honour: And, I hope, ſince I have 
but one Girl in the World, you won't think me a trouble- 
ſome old Fool, if 1-endeavour to beſtew her to her -worth : 
Therefore, if you pleaſe, before we ſhake Hands, a word or 


— —„— 


two by the by; for I have Tome — Queltions to ask 
you. 
Ant. Ask 'em. ; 
Cha, Well, in the farit place you tap 85 "WAL two Sons? 
Ant. Exuctlxxe 
cha, And iy are wiling that one of em ſha marry my 
Pavghter ? | g 
Ant. Willing. = 
cha. My Daughter Angelina * 
Ant. Angellina. 
_ Cha. And you are likewiſe Content that the ſaid n ſhall 
ſurvey 'em both, and (irh my n * to hee os 
Husband the which of ei ine lere EN + 
An. Content. 
cha, And you farther Womit, chat ih Perſon * her (and 
me) ſo choſen (be it elder or younger) ſhall be your ſole Heir, 
that is to ſay, ſhall be in a Conditional Poſſeſſion of at leaſt three 
parts of your Eſtate: You know the Conditions, and this you 
poſitively promiſe? 14 
Ant. To perform. 
Cha, Why then, as chelaſ when-of my full Conſent and Ap- 
probation, I give you my Hand. 
Ant. There's mine. 
cha. 1Ist a Match? 
Ant. A Match. 
Cha. Done. 
Ant. Done. 
. Cha, And done. — That's enough Cr the Elder, 
you ſay, is a great Scholar, fpends his whole Life in the Uni 
verſity, and loves his Study. 
Ant. Nothing more, Sir. 
+ Cha, But Clodio, the younger, has ſeen the World, and is 
very well known in the Court of France, A ſprightly Fellow , 
ha? 
Ant. Metile 0 the Back, Sir. 


— — 


Sir, this is Arabick : *tis to the Lord Abbut, concerning the Tran- 


The Fop's Fortune. 7 

hz, Well: how far either vf dem may go wii my Daughter 

1 can't tell: She'll be eaſily pleas'd ws he. Lam II have 

given her ſome Documents already: Harke! What Noiſe with- 

out. N 

Aut. Odo atis they — T hey're 8 have erpected 
'em theſe two Hours. Well Sirrah, Mhe's without? 


Bnter "Servant. 


Ser. Tis Sartbb, Sir, with'a Wagon Load of my Maſter's Books. 
Ant. Never without | it, Sir, 'tis his humour. 
Cha, What, does he. alcays travel witli his whole Study? 


a 


 'Pyres Sancho lauen with Books, © 


Sun. Pur unfoad part of the Library: Bid the Porter open the 
great Gates, and make Room for rac dozen of Carts: YU be 
with you preſently. 

Am. Hah! Sancho! Where's my. Carlos? ſpeak Boy, w where didſt 
thou leave thy Maſter ? 
San. — on, Sir, in the High-w way to Knowledge, both 
Hands employ d, his Book, and his Bridle, Sit: ICI 
his  Dary before him in this Letter, Sir. | 

What have we here Por-hovks and Awidixons? | Z 
os Porchovts! Oh! dear Sir! ——1 beg your Pardon no, 


lation, Sir, of Human Bodies a new way of getting out of 
the World: There's a terrible wiſe Man has written a very ſmart 
Book of it. | 

Cha, 5 3 ”_ will ohio © Book teach a _ . 1 

San. Teach you, Sir: Why to play a Trump upon Death, an 
ſhew your ſelf 1 Match for 0 Devil. 8 8 
Cha. Strange!!! | 

San. Here; Sir, this is your Letter. [To Ant. 

Cha. Pray, Sir, W hat ſort of Life may your Maſter lead ? 

San. Life, Sir! no Prince that fares like him: he breaks his Faſt 
with Ariſtotle, Dines with Twly, Drinks at Helicon, Sups with Se- 
neca, then walks a turn or two in the Milky way, and, after. Six 
Hours Conference with the Stars, Aceps with old Errs Pater. | 

cha. Wondertul ! 


8 | Ant; 


Love males a Man: or, 


Aut. So, Carlos will be here ere, mp the Knave 
1e, and let him cat. $910 Wi * 


San And'drink/too;:Sit? ! 
Ant. And drink t00, Sir, —and pray ſee your K bert 5 Than? 
ber Ready. FER 1 5362.3 yo! Fe e 


Well, Sir! Who's at "the Gate? 


Enter 4 Serdant. 


Ser. Mongear, Sir, from my-young Maſter Slodia. 


1 Well, Monſteur, What ſays your Maſter ? When will he 
be here? 

Mon. Sayr he vil be here in de leſs time van quart de hour, he i is 
not quait dirty Mile off. 5 | 9 
Ant. And what came you before for ? EY 

Mon. Sayr me come to provide de Putvile, * de Eſſaunce for 
1 his Peruque, dat he may approach to your Vorſhip with de Reve- 

| g and de belle Air. | 

Ant. What, is he unprovided Fe "oe | 
on. Sayr he vas Enrage, and did breake his Bottel Morangerie, 
becauſe it vas no de ſame is prepare for Monſeigneur Le Dauphin. 
Ant. Well, Sir, if you'll go to the Butler, he — help you to 
. Oil, and Vinegar for his Perriwig, pf; 
Mon. Sayr me tank you. Exit Monſi eur. 
Ch. A very notable Spark this cia. Ha! What ene 
of — is that without? 


15 


SS 27 |. 3 « Servant. 
Ger. Sir, my young Maſters are both come. 


Ast. That's well ! Now, Sik now Now. obſerye their ſeveral 
EPs. | 


OT I = OR 
Ear My Father! Sir, your Bleſſing... 25 55 | 


Ant. Thon 


The Fop's Fortune. 9 
Ast. Thou haſt it, Carlos, and now pray know this Gentleman, 
Charino, Sir, my old Friend, and one in whom you may have a 
particatac Tnjereth 8 * 

Car. I'll ſtudy to deſerve his Love, Sir. / 

Cha. Sir, as for that matter you need not ſtudy at all. [They ſalate, 


Enter Clodio. 


Clo. Hey! La valliere! bid the Groom take care our Hunters be 
well rub'd and cloath'd, they're hot, and have outſtript the Wind. 
Cha. Ay, marry Sir, there's Mettle in this young Fellow. 

Clo. Where's my Father? | 

Ant, Hah, my dear C/oay, thou'rt welcome! let me kiſs thee. 

Clo, Sir. Mou kiſs pleaſingly -I love to kiſs a Man, in 
Paris we kiſs nothing elſe. Sir, being my Father's Friend, I am 
your moſt oblig'd, and faithful humble Servant. {1o Char. 

Cha. Sir, ——-I 1 I like you. [eagerly. 

Clo. Thy Hand kiſs Pm your Friend. 

Cha. Faith thou art a pretty humour'd Fellow. 

. Clo, Who's that? Pray Sir, who's that? 

Ant. Your Brother, Clody. 1 
Clo. Odſo! I beg his Pardon with all my Heart — ha, ha, ha, 
did ever Mortal ſee ſuch a Book- Worm? Brother how is't ? 
| lcareleſſy. 

car. I'm glad you are well, Brother. | Reads. 

Clo. What, does he draw his Book upon me? then I will draw 
my Wit upon him Gad Pll puzzle him Hark you; Bro- 
ther, pray what's what's Latin for a Sword-knot : 

Car. The Romans wore none, Brother. 

- Clo, No Ornament upon their Swords, Sir? 3 
Car. O yes, ſeveral, Conqueſt, Peace and Honour — an old 
unfaſhionable Wear. 255 | 

Clo. Sir, no Man in France (IJ may as well fay Breathing : For 
not to live there is not to Breathe) wears a more faſhionable 
Sword than I do, he coſt me fifteen Louis---d'or's in Pari 
There, Sir feel him. try him, Sir. 

Car. I have no skill, Sir. 5 

Clio. No skill, Sir why this Sword would make a Coward fight--- 
aha! fa, ſa! ha! Rip ha ! there I had him. [ Fencing, 
Car. Take heed, you'll cut my Cloaths, Brother. 


B Cle. 


— F — 


a 8 Low makes a Man: "Or, 


Clo. Cut em! ha, ha, no, no, they are cut already, Bro- 
ther, to the Grammar - Rules ad P'ſhaw, prithec Man leave 
off this College Air. 


Cor. No, Brother, I think it wholeſome, the Soil and Situation 
pleaſant. 


Cl o. A Putt, by f ' ke don? t know the Air of a Gentleman 
from the Air of the Country — Sir, I mean the Air of your 
Cloaths, I would have you change your Taylor, and dreſs a little 
more ex Cavalier : Lay by your Book, and take out yur Snuft- 
box, Cock, and look ſmart, hah ! | 
ll Che. Faitha pretty Fellow ! by 
Car. I read no uſe in this Brother, and for my Cloaths, the half 
of what I wear already ſeem to me ſuperfluous: What need I out- 
ward Ornaments, when I can deck my ſelf with Underſtanding ?_ 
Why ſhoud we care for any thing but Knowledge ? Or look upon 
= the Follics of Mankind but to contema or pity thoſe that feek 'em. 


Reads again. 


Clo. Stark mad ſplit me. 
Char. Pſhaw this Fellow will never — Soul in him. 
Clo. Hark you, Brother, what do you think of a pretty plump 


Wench now? 
Car. I ſeldom think that way, Women are Books I have not read 
yet. 
Co. Gad I cou'd ſet you a ſweet Leſſon, Brother. 
Car. Lam as well here, Sir. - TRead:. - 


"Oba. Good m no earthly ching, a meer wok! Ah, that Clody, 
Exter Monſicur. 


Mon. Sayr, here be de ſeveral ſort of de Jaſſimine D'orangerie 
vidout, if you pleaſe to make your ſhoice. 
Clo. Mum, Sir, I muſt beg pardon for a moment, a moſt Im- 
portant Buſineſs calls me aſide, which I will dif atch with all ima- 
ginable Celerity, and return to the Repetition of my deſire to con- 
tinue, Sir, your moſt oblig d and faithful humble Servant. 


[Exit Clody bowing. 


Cha, Faith he's a pretty Fellow. 


Ast. Now, Sir, if you pleaſe, ſince we have got the other alone, 
we'll put the matter a little cloſer to him. 


- Cha, Tis to little purpoſe, I am afraid: But uſe your pleaſure, Sir. 
Car. Plato  Giffers 3 from Socrates in this. [To — 


— 2— P hs. 


The Fop's Fortune. 11 

Ant. Come, come, prithee charles, lay em by, let em agree at 
leiſure. What, no hour of Interruption ? 1 

Car, Man's Life, Sir, being ſo ſhort, and then the way that leads 
us to the Knowledge of our ſelves fo hard and tedious, each mi- 
nute ſhou'd be precious. ORE 

Ant. Ay, but to thrive in this World, Charles, you muſt part a 
litcle with this Bookiſh Contemplation, and prepare your ſelf for 
Action. If you will ſtudy, let it he ta know what part of my 
Land's fit for the Plough, what for Paſture, to buy and fell my 
Stock to the beſt Advantage, and cure my Cattle when they are 
over-Erown with Labour: This now wou'd turn to ſome Account. 

Car, This, Sir, may be done from what T've Read : For what 
concerns Tillage, who better can deliver it than Virgil in his Geor- 
2icks? And, for the cure of Herds, his Becolicks are a Maſter-piece, 
but when his Art deſcribes the Commonwealth of Bees, their In- 
duſtry, their more than Human Knowledge of the Herbs from 
which they gather Hony, their Laws, their Government amon 
themſelves, their Order in going forth, and coming laden home, 
their ſtrict Obedience to their King, his juſt Rewards to ſuch as 

Labour, his Puniſhment inflifted only on the ſlothful Drone. Pm 
raviſh'd withit, then reap indeed my Harveſt, receive the Gain 
my Cattle bring me, and there find Wax and Honey. 

Ant. Hey day! Georges | and Blew ſtichs, and Bees-wax | What, 
art thou mad? | 

cha. Raving, raving! | 

Car. No, Sir, the Knowledge of this guards me from it. 

Ant. But can you find among all your muſty Manuſcripts, what 
plea ſure he enjoys that hes in the Arms of a Young, Rich, Well- 
ſhap'd, Healthy Bride? Anſwer me that, ha Sir! 8 

Car. Tis frequent, Sir, in Story, there I read of all kinds of vir- 
tuous, and of vicious Women, the ancient Spartan Dames, the 
Roman Ladies, their Beauties and their Deformities; and when I 
light upon a Portia, or a Cornelia, crownd with ever-blooming 
Truth and Virtue, with ſuch a feeling I peruſe rheir Fortunes, as 
if I then had liv'd and taſted of their lawtul envied Love: But when 
I meet a Meſſalina tir'd, and unſated in her foul Defires, a Clyrem- 
aeftra bath'd in her Husband's Blood, an impious Tails whirling 
her Chariot o'er her Father's breathleſs Body, Horror invades my 
Faculties; comparing then the numerous Guilty, with the cake 
Count of thoſe that dye in Innocence, I deteſt and loath em as 
Ignorance, or Atheiſm. ES 

; B a Aut. 


— 


EY nn —— - —— — ade — 1 — a way | 
12 Love makes « Man : Or, 
Ant. And you do reſolve then to make Payment of the Debt 
you owe me. 1 | 
Car. What Debt, good Sr? 95 25 
Ant. Why the Debt I paid my Father when I got you, Sir, and 
made him a Grandſire, which I expect from you, I won't have 
my Name dye. . ö 
Car. Nor wou d I, my labour'd Studies, Sir, may prove in time 
a living Iſſue. 4 
Ant. Very well, Sir, and ſo I ſhall have a General Collection of 
all the Quiddits from Adam, till this time, to be my Grandchild ! 
Car. Tl take my beſt Care, Sir, that what I leave mayn't ſhame 
the Family | Dn 
Cha. A ſad Fellow this! This. is a very ſad Fellow. [ Aſide, 
Ant. Nor you won't take care of my Eſtate ? SO 
Car. But in my Wiſhes, Sir : For know the Wings on which my 
Soul is mounted, have long ſince born her Pride too high ta ſtoop 
to any Prey that ſoars not upwards : Sordid and Dunghil- Minds 


compos'd of Earth, fix in that groſs. Element their Happineſs, but 


reat and purer Spirits ſhaking that Clog of Human Frailty. off, 
rome retin'd and free as the Ætherial Air. 

Ant. So that in ſhort. you wou'd nat Marry an Empreſs ! 

Car. Give me leave to por my ſelf; the Cloſet that contains 
my Choſen Books, to me's a glorious Court, my Venerable Compa- 
nions there, the Old Sages and Philoſophers, ſometimes the greateſt 
Kings and Heros, whoſe Counſels I have leave to weigh, and call 
their Victories, if unjuſtly got, unto a ſtrict Account, and in my 
Fancy dare deface their ill plac'd Statues. Can I then part with ſolid 
conſtant Pleaſures to claſp uncertain Vanities ? No, Sir, be. it 
our care to ſwell your heap of Wealth, Marry my Brother, and 


Enter. 


The Fop's Fortun bo 


_—_ Enter Clodio. 
Clody, a word! WIE 
Clo. To the Wiſe is enough: Your Pleaſure, Sir. 
Ant. In the mean time Sir, if you pleaſe to ſend your Daugh- 
ter Notice of our Intended Viſit [to Char. ” 


Che. Ill do*t—hark you, Friend. [Whiſpers a Servgat.. 
Enter Sancho behind. 


San. I doubt my Mafter has found but rough Welcome! He's 
gone Supperleſs into his Study, Pd fain know the Reaſon— Ir 
may be ſome body has borrow'd one of his Books, or ſo F 
muſt find him out. 2 en [Stands aſide. 

Clo. Sir, you cou'd not have ſtarted any thing more agreeable 
to my Incſination ; And for the Young Ladies Sir, it this Old Gen- 
tleman will pleaſe to give me a fight of her, you ſhall ſee me Whip 
into hers in the Cutting of a Caper. | "I 

Cha. Well! Purſue, and Conquer; Tho let me tell you Sir, my 
Girl has Wit, and will give you as good as you bring, ſhe has a 
ſmart way Sir, 5 Pe 

Clo. Sir, I will be as ſmart asſhe, I have my ſhare of Courage, 
I fear no Woman alive Sir, having always found Sir, that Love 
and Aſſurance ought to be as inſeparable Companions, as a Beau 
and a Snuff Box, or a Curate and a Tobacco-ſtopper. | 

Cha, Faith thou art a pleaſant Rogue, I gad ſhe muſt like thee. 

Clo. I know how to tickle the Ladies Sir In Paris I had 
conſtantly two Challenges every Morning came up with my Cho- 
colate, only for being Pleaſant Company the Night before, with 
the firſt Ladies of Quality. 

1 be. Ab, ſilly Enyious Rogues !fPrithee what did you to do their 

adies? £ 3 

San. Poſitively nothing. = [Aſide.. 

clo. Why the Truth is, I did make the Jades drink a little too 
{martly, for which the poor Dogs the Princes cou'd not endure me. 

Cha, Why haſt thou really converſt with the Royal Family. 

C/o, Converſt with'em! Ay, rot em, Ay! Ay! —— You muſt 
know ſome of *em came with me halt a Days Journey, to ſee me a 
little on my way hither: But I gad, I ſenc young Louis back again 
to Marli Drunk as a Tinker, by Jove! Ha! Ha! He! I can't but 
laugh to think how Old Monarchy growPd at him next W 
CHa. 


— — 


11 ode makes r Man: Or, 
Ant. And you do reſolve then to make Payment of the Debt 
you owe me. Ws | 
Car. What Debt, good Sir? | 
Ant. Why the Debt I paid "7 Father when I got you, Sir, and 


made him a Grandſire, which 
my Name dye. 
Car. Nor wou'd I, my labour'd Studies, Sir, may prove in time 
a living Iſſue. | 
Ant. Very well, Sir, and ſo I ſhall have a General Collection of 
all the Quiddits from Adam, till this time, to be my Grandchild ! 
Car. Tl take my beſt Care, Sir, that what I leave mayn't ſhame 
the Family. | ? | 
Cha, A fad Fellow this! This is a very ſad Fellow. [ Aſide, 
Ant. Nor you won't take care of my Eſtate ? | 
Car. But in my Wiſhes, Sir : For know the Wings on which my 
Soul is mounted, have long ſince born her Pride too high ta ſtoop 
to any Prey that ſoars not upwards : Sordid and Dunghil- Minds 
compos'd of Earth, fix in that groſs. Element their Happineſs, but 
reat and purer Spirits ſhaking that Clog of Human Frailty off, 
ome refin'd and free as the Ætherial Air. 
Ant. So that in ſhort. you wou'd not Marry an Empreſs !' 
Car. Give me leave to phy my ſelf; the Cloſet that contains 
my Choſen Books, to me's a glorious Court, my Venerable Compa- 
nions there, the Old Sages and Philoſophers, ſometimes the greateſt 


expect from you, I won't have 


- 


Kings and Heros, whoſe Counſels J have leave to weigh, and call 
their Victories, if unjuſtly got, unto a ſtrict Account, and in m 

Fancy dare deface their ill plac'd Statues. Can J then part with ſolid 
conſtant Pleaſures to claſp uncertain Vanities ? No, Sir, be it 
wax care to ſwell your heap of Wealth, Marry my Brother, and 
et him get you Bodies of our Name, I rather wou'd inform it 
with a Soul tire you, Sir——your pardon, and your leave 
Lights there for my Study. | [Exit Carlos. 

Ant. Was ever Man thus tranſported from the common Senſe 
of his own Happineſs, a ſtupid wiſe Rogue, I cou'd beat him: Now 
if it were not for my hopes in young cody, I might fairly conclude 
my Name were at a period. 

Cha. Ay, ay, he's the match for my Money, and my Girl's too, I 
warrant her. What ſay you, Sir, ſhall we tell em a piece of our 
Mind, and turn em together inſtantly ? 

Ant. This Minute, Sir, and here comes my young Rogue in the 
very nick of his Fortune. | 


Euter 


The Fop's Fortunes ” ol 


Enter Clodio. 
Clody, a word! 5 
C/o. To the Wiſe is enough: Your Pleaſure, Sir. 
Ant. In the mean time Sir, if you pleaſe to ſend your Daugh- 
ter Notice of our Intended Viſit [to Char. ; 
Che. III do*t—hark you, Friend. [Whiſpers a Servnat. 


Euter Sancho behind. 


San. I doubt my Mafter has found but rough Welcome! He's 
gone Supperleſs into his Study, Pd fain know the Reaſon— It 
may be ſome body has borrow'd one of his Books, or ſo— F 
muſt find him out. [Stands aſide, 

_ Co. Sir, you cow'd not have ſtarted any thing more agreeable 
to my Inclination ; And for the Young Ladies Sir, it this Old Gen- 
tleman will pleaſe to give mea ſight of her, you ſhall ſee me Whip 
into hers in the Cutting of a Caper. _ 3 

Cha. Well ! Purſue, and Conquer; Tho let me tell you Sir, my 
Girl has Wit, and will give you as good as you bring, ſhe has a 
ſmart way Sir, | | 

Clo. Sit, I will be as ſmart asſhe, J have my ſhare of Courage, 
I fear no Woman alive Sir, having always found Sir, that Love 
and Aſſurance ought to be as inſeparable Companions, as a Beau 
and a Snuff Box, or a Curate and a Tobacco-ſtopper. | 

Cha, Faith thou art a pleaſant Rogue, I gad ſhe muſt like thee. 
Clo, I know how to tickle the Ladies Sir In Paris I had 
conſtantly two Challenges every. Morning came up with my Cho- 
colate, only for being Pleaſant Company the Night before, with 
the firſt Ladies of Quality. | 
1 f he. „Ah, ſilly Enyious Rogues I Prithee what did you to do their 

adies? : | 

San. Poſitively nothing. Aſide. 

clo. Why the Truth is, I did make the Jades drink a little too 
ſmartly, for which the poor Dogs the Princes cou'd not endure me. 

Cha, Why haſt thou really converſt with the Royal Family. 

Clo, Converſt with 'em! Ay, rot em, Ay! Ay! You muſt 
know ſome of 'em came with me halt a Days Journey, to ſee me a 
little on my way hither: But I gad, I ſenc young Louis back again 
to Marli Drunk as a Tinker, by Jove! Ha! Ha! He! I can't bur 
laugh to think how Old Monarchy growPd at him next . | 

Ch. 


14. Love makes a Man: or, 


Cha.” Gramercy Boy | Well! And I warrant thou art as Intimate 
with their Ladies too! | | 
Can. ſuſt a like, I dare Anſwer for him. (Aſide, 
clo. Why you ſhall judge now, you ſhall judge let me lee ! 
There was I, and Monſieur no! no! no! Monſieur did not ſup 
With us—There was I, and Prince Granamont, Duke de Bongrace, 
Duke de Bzllegarde— (Bellegarde— yes—-yes, Jack was there!) Count 
de l Eſprit, Mareſchal Bombarde, and that pleaſant Dog the Prince 
de Hautenbas, We ſix now were all at Supper, all in good Hu- 
-mour, Champaign was the Word, and Wit flew about the Room 
like a Pack of loſing Cards Now Sir, in Madam Adjacent Lodg- 
ings, there happen d to be the fame Number of Ladies, after the 
Fatigue of a Ballet diverting themſelves with Ratifia, and the Spleen; 
ſo dull they were not able to talk, tho? it were ſcandalouſly ev'n of 
their beſt Friends: So Sir, after a profound Silence, at laſt one of 
em gap'd O God! Says ſhe, wou'd tliat pleaſant Dog Clody 
were here to Badiner a little Hey ſays a {econd, and ſtretcht, 
ah! Mondien! Says a third — and wak't—Co.'d not one find him 
ſays a fourth and Leer'd O! Burn b:mfavs a fifth, I faw 
him go out with the naſty Rakes of the Blood again a Pett— 
Did you fo, ſays a ſixth—Pardic! We'll ſpoil that Gang preſently — 
in a Paſſion, whereupon Sir, in two Minutes, I receivd a Billet 
in three Words hein nous vous Demandons : Subſcrib'd, Grand- 
mont, Bongrace, Bellegarde, L'eſprit, Bombard, Hautenbas. 
Cha. Why theſe are the very Names of the Princes you ſupt with? 
Clo. Every Soul of em, the Individual Wife, or Siſter of every 
Man in the Company ! Split me! H. Ha! 5 
Cha. and Ant. Ha! hal ha! 1 
San. Did ever two old Gudgeons ſwallow ſo greedily ? [Afide, 
Anat. Well! And didſt thou make a Night ont, Boy? 5 
Clo. Les, I gad! And a Morning too Sir: For about eight a Clock 
the next doy {lap / They all ſous d upon their Knees, kiſs d round, 
burnt their Commodes, Drank my Health, broke their Glaſſes, 
and ſo parted. | 
Aut. Gramercy, Clod)! Nay, *twas always a wild young Rogue! 
Cha. I like him the better for't hes a pleaſant one, Pm ſure. 


Ant. Well! The Rogue gives him a rare Account of his Travels. 
Clo. I gad Sir, I havea Cure for the Spleen; A ha! I know how 
to Riggle my ſelf into a Ladies Favour— give me leave when 
you pleaſe, Sir. = 


- 


Cha, 


The Fop's Fortune. 15 
Cha, Sir, you ſhall have it this moment — faith I like him 
You remember the Conditions Sir, three Parts of your Eſtate to 
him and his Heirs. | 
Aut. Sir, he deſerves it all: *Tis not a Trifle ſhall part em: 
You ſee, Charles has given over the World, I'll undertake to buy 
his Birth-right for a Shelf of new Books. Pe 
Cha, Ay! Ay! Get you the Writings ready with your other 
| Son's hand to em, for unleſs he ſigns, the Conveyance is of no Va- 
lidity. | 
Ant. I know it Sir 
in two Hours 8 
Cha. Why then, come along my Lad, and now Ill ſhew thee 
to my Daughter. "NY + 
Clo. L dare be ſhown Sir Allons! Hey, Sutvons, L A- 
mour. (Sings) LExeunt. 
San. How! My poor Maſter to be diſinherited for Monſieur, 
Sa! Sa! there; And Ja Looker on too! If we have ſtudied our 
Majors, and our Minors, Antecedents and Conſequents to be con- 
cluded Coxcombs at laſt, we have made a fair hand ont; I am 
glad, I know of this Roguery however, I'll take care my Maſter's 
Uocle Old Don Lewis, ſhall hear of it: For tho he can hardly read 
a Proclamation, yet he dotes upon his Learning, and if he be that 
Oid Rough, Teſty Blade he us'd to be, we may chance to have a 
Rubbers with 'em firſt here he comes Perfecto. 


* 


they ſhall be ready with his Hand 


Euter Don Lewis. 


D. Lew. Sancho! Where's my Boy Charles ? What is he at it? 
Is he at it? Deep-— Deep, I warrant him Sancho! A 
little Peep no- one Peep at him through the Key-hole 
I muſt. have a peep. Y 

San. Have a care Sir, he's upon a Magical Point. 

D. Lew. What, has he loſt any thing? 

San. Yes Sir, he has loſt with a Vengeance. 

D. Lew. But what, what, what, what ſirrah ! What is. 

San. Why, his Birth-right Sir, he is Di di diS— 
diſinherited. ä [Sobbing. 


0 eo ——— — 


D. Lew. Ha! how! when! what! where! who! what doſt 
thou mean? | | 


San. 


16 Love makes a Man: or, 


San. His Brother Sir, is to marry Angellina the great Heireſs, 


to enjoy three parts of his Father's Eſtate, and my Maſter is to 


have a whole Acre of New Books for ſetting his Hand to the 


Conveyance. 5 

D. Lew. This muſt be a Lie Sirrah ! Iwill have it a Lye. 

San. With all my Heart, Sir: But here comes my Old Maſter, 
and that Pick-pocket the Lawyer, they'll tell you more. 


Enter Antonio and Lawyer. 


Ant. Here Sir, this Paper has your full Inſtructions: Pray be 


ſpeedy Sir, I don't know, but we may couple em to Morrow, be 


{ure you make it firm. 
Law. Do you ſecure his Hand, Sir, T defy the Law to give him 
Title again. Exit. 
San. What think you now Sir? 
D. Lew. Why now methinks I'm pleas'd 


this is right -—— 


Pm pleasd — muſt Cut that Lawyers Throat, tho. muſt 


Bone him — ay! I'll have him Bon'd—— and Potted. 
Ant. Brother how ist? | 7 
D. Lew. O mighty well — mighty well — let's feel your 
Pulſe Feavouriſh. [Looks earneſtly in Antonio's Face, and after 
| | ſome Pauſe, whiſtles a Piece of 4 Tune. 
Ant. You are merry Brother, | 
D. Ley. Its a Lie. 
Ant, How Brother ? 


D. Lew. A damn'd Lie I am not merry. [Smiling. 
Ant, What are you then ? | | 
D. Lew. Very angry. | LLaughing. 
Ant. Hi! hi! hi! At what Brother? [mimicking him. 


Dr. Lew. Why at a very wiſe Settlement, I have made lately. 
Ant. What ſettlement, good Brother? I find he has heard of it. 
D. Lew. Whet do you think I have done I have=—This 
deep Head of mine has Diſinherited my Elder Son, becauſe 
his Underſtanding's an Honour to my Family, and given it all 
to my Yeunger, becauſe he's a Puppy ! A Puppy. 

Ant. Come! I gueſs your meaning Brother. 

D. Lew. Do you ſo Sir! Why then, I muſt tell you flat and 
plain, my Boy Charles muſt, and ſhall inherit it. 


Ant, 


+ 


185 The Fop's Fortune. 17 

Ant. I ſay no, unleſs Charles had a Soul to value his Fortune: 
What! He ſhou'd manage eight Thouſand Crowns a Year our of 
the Metaphyſicks! Aſtronomy ſhou'd look to my Vineyards? Ho- 
race ſhou'd buy off my Wines, Tragedy ſhou'd kill my Macton, 
Hiſtory ſhou'd cut down my Hay, Homer ſhou'd get in my Corn, 
Tityre tu Patulæ look to my Sheep, and Geometry bring in my Har- 
veſt home Hark you Brother, do you know what Learning 
is? Pp 
D. Lew. What if I don't Sir? I believe its a fine ching, and 
that's enough . Tho I can ſpeak no Greek, I love and honour 
the Sound of it, and Charles ſpeaks it Loftily; I gad, he thunders it 
out Sir, and let me tell you, Sir, if you had ever had the Grace to 
have heard but fix lines of Heſiod, or Homer, or Iliad, or any of the 
Gr:ek Poets, ods heart! it wou'd have made your Hair ſtand an 
End: Sir, he has read ſuch things in my hearing 

Aut. But did you underſtand 'em, Brother? 

D. Lew. I tell you no. What does that ſignifie? The very Sound's 
a ſufficient Comfort to an honeſt Man. 

Ant. Fye ! fye! I wonder you'll talk fo, you that are old, and 
ſhould underſtand. 

D. Lew. Shou'd Sir! Yes, and do, Sir; Sir, I'd have you to know 
J have ſtudied, I have run over Hiſtory, Poetry, Philoſophy. 

Ant, Yes, like a Cat over a Harpſicord, rare Muſick YOu 
have read Catalogues I believe: Come, Come, Brother, my 
Younger Boy's a fine Gentleman. 

D. Lew, A fad Dog I'll buy a prettier fellow in a Penni- 
worth of Gingerbread. | 

Ant. What I propoſe, I'll do Sir, ſay you your Pleaſure—— 
Here comes one I mult talk With well Brother, what News? 


Enter Charino. 


cha. O! to our wiſhes, Sir: Clody's a right bait for a Giri Sir: 
A Budding ſprightly Fellow : She's a little ſhy at firſt: But I gave 
him his Cue, and the Rogue does ſo whisk, and irisk, and ling, 
and dance her about, odsbud ! He plays like a Grey-hound : No- 
ble Don Lewis, Tam your humble Servant: Come what Jay you 2 
Shall I prevail with you to ſettle ſome part of your Eilate upon 
- Young Clody ? 
D. Lew. Cloay? 

Char, Ay, your Nephew, © 


D. Lew. 


* 


18 Love maßes a Man : Or, 

D. Lew. Settle upon him! 

Cha. Ay - 5 

D. Lew. Why look you, I han't much to ſpare : But J have an 
Admirable Horſe- ꝓond PI ſettle that upon him if you will. 

Ant. Come Jet him have his way Sir, he's old, and haſty: My 
Eſtate's ſufficient, how does your Daughter Sir, 

Cha. Ripe, and ready Sir, like a bluſhing Roſe, ſhe only waits 
for pulling. ; . : 
Anat. Why then, let to morrow be the Day. 

Cha, With all my Heart, get you the Writings ready, my Girl 
ſhall be here in the Morning. | 

D. Lem. Hark you Sir, do you ſuppoſe my Charles ſhall 

cha, Sir, I ſuppoſe nothing: What PI] do PIl juſtify, what 
your Brother does let him Anſwer, 

Ant. That I have already, Sir, and ſo good Morrow to your 
Patience Brother. a: [ Exeant. 

D. Lem. Sancho l. | 

San, Sir, DE | | 

D. Lew, Fetch me ſome Gun-powder —— quick quick—— 

San. Sir. | „ 

D. Lew. Some Gun - powder I ſay -a Barrel quickly 
and d'ye hear! Three Penniworth of Ratsbane !—— Hay ay, Pl 
blow up one, and Poiſon the other. - 

San. Come Sir, I ſee what you woud be at, and if you dare 
rake my Advice (I don't want Wit at a Pinch Sir) &en let me try, 
if can fire my Maſter enough with thePraiſes of the young Lady, 
to make him Rival his Brother, that wou'd blow 'em up indeed, Sir. 

D. Lew. Pſhah! impoſſible, he never ſpoke ſix Words to any 
Woman in his Life, but his Bed-maker. Fr YR 

San. So much the better Sir, therefore if he ſpeaks at all, it's 
the more likely to be out of the Road Hark he rings — I 
muſt wait upon him. . Exit. 

D. Lew. Theſe damn'd Old Rogues ! — I can't look my poor 
Boy in the Face : But come Charles! Let 'em go on, thou ſhalt 
not want to buy thee Books yet That old Fool thy Father, 
and his young Puppy ſhalln't ſhare a Groat of mine between %em ! 
Nay to plague em, I cou'd find in my Heart to fall fick in a Pett, 
give thee my Eſtate in a Paſſion, . and leave the World in a Fury. 

| TIM 


ACT 


The Fop's Fortune. 


— 


2 * — — — 


2 „ 8 
—_— I. _ 


ACT BE 


, . — D 
8 my * 


— 


——— 
— 


* _ — cl. 
— * 2 — _ 


Enter Antonio, and Sancho. 


Ant. IR, he ſhall have what's fit for him. 

San.) No Inheritance, Sir? | | 

Ant. Enough to give him Books, and a moderate Maintenance: 
That's as much as he cares for; you talk like a Fool, a Coxcomb, 
Trouble him with Land 5 

San. Muſt Maſter Clodio have all Sir? 
Ant. All! a}: he knows how to uſe it: He's a Man bred in 
this World, t'other in the Skies, his Buſineſs is altogether above 
Stairs: Go! See what he wants. 

San. A Father I'm ſure. (Exit Sancho. 

Ant, What, will none of my Rogues come near me now? O! 
Here they are. 


Enter ſeveral Servants. 


Well, Sir! in the firſt place can you procure me a plentiſul Din- 
ner tor about fifty, within two Hours? Your young Maſter is to be 
Married this Morning, will that ſpur you, Sir? 

Coo Young Maſter, Sir! I wiſh your Honour had given me 2 
little more warning. | 
Ant. Sir, you have as much as I had, I was not ſure of it half an 

Hour ago. 

Cook Sir, I will try what I can do- — II/! Pedro] Guſmas ! 

Come ſtir ho [ Exit Coo. 

Ant. Butler, the Cellar open to all good Fellows, it any Man 
fers to ſneak away ſober, knock him down Is the Muſik come? 

But. They are within at Breakfaſt Sir, 


— 


8 Love makes a Man : Or, | 
Aut. That's well: Here let this Room be clean'd—— You Huſ- 
ſy, fee the Bride Bed made, take care no young Jade cuts the 
Cords aſunder, and look the Sheets be fine and well ſcented—— 
and d'ye hear—— lay on three Pillows! away ! Exeunt. 


Carlos alone in his Nudy. 


Car. What a perpetual Noiſe theſe People make! my Head is 
broken with a Parentheſis in every Corner: I have forgot to eat 
and ſleep, with Reading, all my Faculties turn into Study: What 
a Misſortune 'tis in Human Nature, that the Body will not live 
on that Which feeds the Mind ! ——How unprofitable a Plea- 
ſure's Eating? Sancho, | 


Enter Sancho. 


San. Did you call, Sir? 
Car. Prithee what Noiſe is this? 
San. The Cooks are hard at work, Sir, chopping Herbs, and 
mincing Meat, and breaking Marrowbones. 

Car. And is it thus at every Dinner? * 

San. No, Sir: But we have high Doings to Day. | 
Car. Well, ſet this Folio in its place again, then make me a lit- 

tle Fire, and get a Manchet, Til dine alone: Does my younger 
Brother ſpeak any Greek yet, Sancho. 

San. No, Sir, but he ſpits French like a Magpy, and that's more 
in Faſhion, ; : ES. 

Car. He ſteps before me there : I think Tread it well enough to 
underſtandit, but when I am to give it Utterance, it quarrels with 
my Tongue Again that Noiſe! Prithee tell me, Sancho, are 
there any Princes to dine here? N 2 

San. Some that are as happy as Princes, Sir. your Brother's 
Married to day. "EG | 

Car. What of that! might not Six Diſhes ſerve em? I ne- 
ver have but one, and cat of that but ſparingly. 

San. Sir, all the Country round is invited, not a Dog that 
knows the Houſe but comes too, all open, Sir, 

Car, Prithee who is it my Brother Marrys? | 

San. Old Charino's Daughter, Sir, the great Heireſs; a delicate 
Creature; Young, ſoft, ſmooth, fair, plump, and ripe as a Cherry,— 
and they ſay modeſt too. | 75 


The Fop's Fortune. 21 

Car. That's ſtrange, prithee how do theſe modeſt Women look? 
T never yet convers'd with any but my own Mother, to me they 
ever were but ſhadows, ſeen and unregarded. 

San. Ah! wou'd you ſaw this Lady, Sir, ſhed draw you far- 
ther than your Archimedes, ſhe has a better Secret than any's in 
Ariſtotle, if you'd ſtudy for it: I gad you'd find her the prettieſt 
Natural Philoſopher to play wi. 45 
Car. Is ſhe ſo fine a Creature? 

San. Such Eyes! ſuch Looks! ſueh a pair of pretty, plump, pow- 
ting Lips! ſuch Softneſs in her Voice ! ſuch Mulick too! and when 
ſhe ſmiles, ſuch roguiſh Dimples in her Cheeks! ſuch a clear Skin / 
white. Neck, and a little lower ſuch a pair of round, hard heaving. 
what dee callums——— Ah ! 5 

Car. Why thou art in Love, Sancho. 

San, Ay ! ſo wou'd you be, if you ſaw her, Sir. 

Cons I don't think fo; What Settlement does my Father make 
dem? | 

San, Only all his dirty Land, Sir, makes your Brother his ſole Heir, 

Car, Mult I have nothing ? 

San, Books in abundance, leave to ſtudy your Eyes out, Sir. 

Car, I am the elder born, and have a Title too. 

San, No matter for that, Sir, hell have Poſſeſſion- of the 
Lady too. | 

Car, I wiſh him happy 
ſtanding too! 

San. O, Sir, he's more a Gentleman than to do that 
Ods me ! Sir, Sir, here comes the very Lady, the Bride, your Siſter 
that muſt be, and her Father, 


he'II- not inherit my little Under- 


Enter Charino and Angellina. 


Stand cloſe, you'll both ſee and hear, Sir. | 

Car. I ne'er ſa w any yet ſo fair! ſuch Sweetneſs in her Look“ 
ſuch Modeſty ! if we may think the Eye the window to the Heart, 
ſhe has a thouſand treaſur'd Virtues there. 5 

San. So / the Book's gone. L Aſide. 

cha, Come, prithee put on a brisker Look; odſheart, doſt thou 
think in Conſeience that's fit wr thy Wedding day? 

Ang. Sir, I with it were not quite ſo ſudden, a little time for 
farther Thought perhaps had made it eaſier to me; To change for 
ever is no cr, 0, | | 
Cer A Wonder | Cha, 


row 


8 Love makes a Man : or, 


cha. Look you, his Fortune J have taken care of, and his Per- 
ſon you have no Exceptions to. What, in the Name of Venus, 
> wou'd the Girl have? 1 | 
Arg. I never ſaid of all the World I made him, Sir, my Choice: 
| Nay, tho? he be yours, I cannot ſay Iam highly pleas'd with him, 
nor yet am averſe, but I had rather welcome your Commands 
and him, than Diſobedience, ,. | 

Cha. O! if that be all, Madam#o make you eaſie, my Com- 
mands are at your Service. | . 

Ang, T have done with my Objections, Sir. 

Car. Such Underſtanding in ſo ſoft a Form Happy 
Happy Brother may he be Happy, while I fit down in Pati- 


ence, and alone I have gaz d too much reach me an 
r [Ex. Car. and San. 
Cha. I ſay put on your beſt Looks Huſſyj for here he comes 

faith. he. | EEE = 


Enter Clodio. 


Ah. my dear Clody. wn 
Clo. My dear, [K/ſſes him. dear Dad. Hah! Ma Princeſſe ! eſtes 
. vous la donc! a ha! Non, von, Je ne my Connois Guere, &c. [Sings. ] 
Look, look look o ſly-boots; what, ſhe knows nothing of the 
Matter? but you will, Child- I gad I ſhall count the Clock 
extreamly to Night : Let me fſee——what time ſhall I rife to Mor- 
not till after Nine, —'Ten,-—Eleven, for a Piſtole. 
Ah % a dire Votre Cæur Inſenſible eſt en fin vaincu. Non, 
non, &c. 53 LSings a ſecond Verſe. 


Ant, Well faid Clody; my noble Brother, welcome; my fair 
Daughter, I give you Joy. 5 

Clo, And ſo will I too, Sir. Allons] Vivons ! Chantons ! Dancons ! 
He) L autre Jour, &c. [Sings and Dances, &c. 

Ant., Well ſaid again, Boy. Sir, you and your Writings are 
welcome. What, my angry Brother! nay, you mait have your 
welcome too, or we {ſhall make but a flat Feaſt oc. | 
D. Lew. Sir, I am not welcome, nor I won's be welcome, nor 
no Body's welcome, and you are all a parcel o 

Cha. What, Sir? e 


D 


T he Fop's Fortune, 23 


D. Lew, -—— Miſerable Wretches {ad Dogs. 
Aas. Come, pray Sir, bear with him, he's old and haſty ; hut 
hl dine, and be good Company for all this. 
D. Lew. A ſtrange Lye, that. 
Clo. Ha, ha, ha ! poor Teſty, ha, ha! 
D. Lem. Don't laugh, my dear Rogue; prithee dont laugh now: 
Faich I ſhall break thy Head if thou doſt. 
Co. Gats ſo / what then I find you are angry at me, dear Uncle? 
D. Lew. Angry at thee, hay, Puppy! Why what! 
what doſt thou ſee in that lovely hatchet Face o' thine, that's 
worth my being out of Humour at? Blood and Fire, ye Dog, get 
out of my ſight, or — 
Ant. Nay, Brother, this is too far 
D. Lew, Angry at him, a Son of a 
Cha, Ha, ha] poor peeviſh 
D. Lew. I'd fain have ſome body poiſon him. [To himſelf.] Ah, 
that ſweet Creature! Muſt this fair Flower be cropt to ſtick up in 


Sons, Son of a Whore! 


a piece of raſcally Earthen Ware? I muſt ſpeak to her Pup- 
py, ſtand out of my way, 
Clo. Ha, ha! ay, now for it. | 

D. Lew. (To Ang.] Ah! ah! ah / Madam T 


pity you; you're a lovely young Creature, and ought to have an 
handſome Man yok'd to you, one of Underſtanding too: 
Iam ſorry to fay it, but this Fellow's Scull's extreamly thick 
he can never get any thing upon that fair Body but Muffs and 
Snufi-boxes : Or, oy he have a thing ſhap'd like a Child, you 
can make nothing of it but a Taylor. 

clo, Ods me ! why you are teſty, my dear Uncle. 

D. Lew. Will no body take that troubleſome Nog out of my 
ſight I can't ſtay where he 1s Pll go fee my poor Boy 
Charles ——Pve diſturb'd you, Madam, your humble Servant. 

Ant. You'll come again and drink the Bride's health, Brother? 

D. Lew. That Lady's health I may; and, if ſhe'll give me leave, 
perhaps fit by her at Table too. 

Clo. Ha, ha! by Nuncle. 

D. Lew. Puppy, good by 

Ang. An odd humour'd Gentleman, 5 

Ant. Very odd indeed, Child, J ſuppoſe in pure ſpite he H make 
my Son Charles his Heir. 

Ang. Methinks I wou'd not have a Light Head, nor one la- 


den with too much Learning, as my Father ſays this ay» 
| 3 ure 


[Exit D. Lewis. 


24. Love makes a Man: or, 
ſure there's ſomething hid in that Gentleman's concern for him, 
that ſpeaks him not ſo meer a Log. 

Ant, Come, ſhall we go and Seal Brother ? the Prieſt ſtays for 
us; when Carlos has ſign'd the Conveyance, as he ſhall preſent- 
ly, we'll then to che Wedding, and fo to Dinner. Fa 
Cha. With all my heart, Sir. 

Clo, Allons ! ma Chere Princeſſe. [Exeant, 


Carlos in his Study, with Don Lewis and Sancho. 


D. Lew. Nay, you are undone. 

Car, Then I muſt ſtudy, Sir, to bear my Fortune. 

D. Lew. Have you no greater feeling ? | 

San. You were ſenſible of the great Book; Sir, when it fell upon 
your Head, and won't the Ruin of your Fortune ſtir you? 

Car. Will he have my Books too? 

D. Lew. No, no, he has a Book, a fine one too, call d che Gen- 
tleman's Recreation, or the Secret Art of getting Sons and Paugh- 
ters; ſuch a Creature / a Beauty in Folio] wou'd chou hadit her 
in thy Study, Carlos, tho' it were but to new Claſp her. 

San. He has ſeen her, Sir. 

'C. Lew. Well, and and 

San, He flung away his Book, Sir. 

D. Lew. Did he Faith / wou'd he had flung away his Humour 
too, and ſpoke to her. 

Car. Muſt my Brother then have all? 

D. Lew. All, all. 

San. All that your Father has, Sir. 

Car. And that fair Creature too? 

San. Ay, Sir. 

D. Lew. Hay 

Car. He has enough then. 5 |  [fbghing, 

D. Lew. He have her, Charles I why wou'd ! wou'd! that is---hay / 

Car, May I not ſee her ſometimes, and call her Siſter? PH do 
him no wrong, | 

D. Lew. I can't bear this! *ſheart I cou'd cry for madneſs ! Flefh 
and Fire ! do but ſpeak to her, Man. ” 

Car, I cannot, Sir, her Look requires ſomething of that diſtant 
awe, Words of that ſoft reſpect, and yet ſuch force and meaning 
too, that I ſhou'd ſtand Conſounded to approach her, and yer J 
Jong to Wil her Joy! O were I born to give it too/ 
D. Lem. 


—— 2. 


a e Pop $5 Fortune. 27 
D. Lew. Why thou ſhalt wiſh her Joy, Boy: Faith ſhe is a good | 
humour'd Creature, ſhe'll take it kindly. | | 
Car. Do you think fo, Uncle? 

D. Lew. I'll to her, and tell her of you. 

Car. Do, Sir ſtay Uncle——= Will ſhe no hink me rude, 
I wou'd not for the World offend her? 


D. Lev. Fend, a Fiddle-ſtick let mealone———Pl-:-Pll, 
Car. Nay, but Sir! dear Uncle. 85 
D. Lew. A hum! a hum / [Exit D. Lewis. 


Euter Antonio a Lawyer with 4 Writing, 


Ant. Where's my Son? 1 

Sar. There, Sir, caſting a Figure what chopping Children his 
Brother ſhall have, and where he ſhall find a new Father for himſelf. 

Ant, I ſhall find a ſtick for you, Rogue, I ihall. Charles, how 

doſt thou do? Come hither, Boy. 

Car. Your pleaſure, Sir? | 1 

Ant. Nay, no great matter, Child, only to put your Name 
here a little to this bit of Parchment, I think you write a reaſon- 
able good Hand, Charles, _ 

Car. Pray, Sir, to what uſe may it be? 

Ant. Only to paſs your Title in the Land I have, to your Bro- 
ther Clodio. 

Car. Is it no more, Sir? 

Law. That's all, Sir. | 

Axt. No, no, tis nothing elſe: Look you, you ſhall be provided 
for, you ſhall have what Books you pleaſe, and your Means {hall 
come in without your Care, and you ſhall always have a Servant 
to wait on you. 

Car. Sir, I thank you; but, if you pleaſe, I had rather Sign it 
before the good Company below, it being, Sir, ſo frank a Giſt "twill 
be ſome ſmall Complement to have it done before the Lady too: 
There I ſhall Sign it cheerfully, and wiſh my Brother Fortune. 

Ant, With all my heatr, Child, it's the ſame thing to me. 

Car, You'll excuſe, me, Sir, if I make no great itay with yon. 
Aut. Do as thou wilt, thou ſhalt do any thing thou halt a mind 


to. | un ie { EXtazh, 
San. Now has he undone himſelf for ever; odſheart, Ill down 
Into the Cellar and be ſtark drunk for Anger. [Exit 


„% „ „„ a WVW 


3 $4 + [4 2 Wil; . 2 
D The 


28 ove makes d Man: Ur, 


The SCENE changes to 4 Dining-Room, a. large Table ſpread. 


Ester Charino with Angellina, Clodio, Don Lewis, Ladies, Prieft 
| aud Lawyer. 


Law. Ome, let him bring his Son's Hand, and all's done: Are 
you ready Sir? | 

Prieſt. Sir, I ſhall diſpatch them preſently, immediately! for in 
truth TI am an hungry. 

Clo. Tged, I warrant you the Prieſt and I cou'd both fall to 
without ſaying Grace Ha!] you little Rogue / What, you 
think it long too? | 

Ang. I find no fault, Sir; better things were well done, than done 
too haſtily————-Sir, you look melancholy, LI D. Lewis. 
D. Lew. Sweet ſwelling Bloſſom / Ah that I had the gathering 
of thee! I wou'd ſtick thee in the Boſom of a pretty young Fel- 
low -—— Ah / thou haſt miſs?d a Man (but that he is ſo hewitch'd 
to his Study, and knows no other Miſtreſs than his Mind) fo far 
above this Feather-headed Puppy— 

Arg. Can he talk, Sir? 

D. Lew. Like an Angel to himſelf —— the Devil a word 
to a Woman: His Language is all upon the high Buſineſs to Heav'n, 
and heavenly Wonders, to Nature, and her dark and ſecret Cauſes. 

Ang. Does he ſpeak ſo well there, Sir? 
D. Lew. To Admiration ! ſuch Curioſities ! but he can't look a 
Woman in the Face, if he does he bluſhes like fifteen. 
Ang. But a little Converſation, methinks 

D. Lew. Why ſo I think too: But the Boy's bewitch'd, and the 

Devil can't bring him to't ; Shall I try if I can get him to wiſh you 

oy! 

J AM I ſhall receive it as becomes his Siſter, Sir. 
Clo. Look, look, old Teſty will fall in Love by and by, he's hard 
at it, ſplit me. . 8 
cha. Let him alone, ſhe'l] fetch him about, I warrant vou. 
Clo. So, here my Father comes / now Prieſt! hey! my Brother 
too / that's a wonder! broke like a Spirit from his Cell. 


Euter Antonio «nd Carlos. 


D. Lew. odſo here he is / that's he ! a little inclining to 
or ſo, but his Underſtanding's the fatter for'r. 


7 — ͤ— 


the lean, 


Ani. 


T he Fop's Fortune. 27 
Ast. Come, Charles, twas your deſire to ſee my fair Daughter, 
and the good Company, and then to Seal before em all, and give 
your Brother Joy. . 93 5 
Cha. He does well, I ſhall think the better of him as long as I live. 
Car. Is this the Lady, Sir? | 
Ant. Ay, that's your Siſter, Charles. 
Car. . it Love / (aſide.) Do you not think ſhe'll grace our 
Family? BN . 
| Di i doubt on't, Sir. | 
Car. Shou'd I not thank her for ſo unmerited a Grace? 
Ant. Ay, and welcome, Charles. — 
D. Lew. Now my Boy / give her a gentle twiſt by the Fingers! 
lay your Lips ſottly, ſoftly, cloſe and plum to hers. {apart ro Car. 
Car. Pardon a Stranger's freedom, Lady. (/alutes Ang.) Diſſolving 
Softneſs / O the drowning Joy Happy! Happy he that ſips 
eternally ſuch Nectar down, that unconfind may lave and wan- 
ton there inſateleſs Draughts of ever ſpringing Beauty- But you, | 
fair Creature, ſhare by far the higher Joy, if, as ve read, (nay now 
am ſure) the ſole Delight of Love lies only in the Power to give. 
Ang. How near his Thoughts agree with mine! This the meer 
Scholar I was told of / (ſiae.) I ind, Sir, you have experi- 
enc'd Love, you ſeem acquainted with the Paſſion, 
Car. Pve had indeed a dead pale glimpſe in Theory ; but never 
ſaw eth'enlivening Light before. 
Ang. Ha! before! Aide. 
Ant. Well, theſe are very fine Complements, charles: But you 
fy nothing to your Brother yet. 
car. O yes, and with him, Sir, with any other Beauty (if poſ- 
ſible) more laſting Joy than I cou'd taſte with her. 
Ang. He ſpeaks unhappily. 
Clo, Ha. What do you ſay, Brother? 
Ant. Nay, for my part, I dont underſtand him. 
Cha. Norl. | 
D. Lem. Stand clear, I do and that ſweet Creature too, I 
3 hope. | | 
| ol Too well, I tear. Coe | [ Aſide. 
Ant. Come, come, to the Writing, Charles, prithee leave thy 
ſtudying Man, 1 be 1-3 S000 
Car, VI] leave my Life firſt, I ſtudy now tobe a Man, before 
what Man was, was but my Argument II now am on the 
roof! I find I feel my felt a Man- nay, I fear it toc 


28 Love makes a Man: or, 

D. Lew. He has it! he has it! my Boy?! s in for't. 
Clo, Come, come, will you : 

D. Lew. Stand out of the WY; Puppy. 
- [Interpoſing 1 his 11 to Clo. 
Car. Whence is it, Fair, that while I offer ſpeech to you, my 
Thoughts want Words, my Words their free and honeſt utterance? 
Why is it thus I tremble in your Touch, and fear your Frown, 
as wou'd a frighted Child the dreadful Lightning ? Yet ſhou'd my 
deareft Friend or Brother dare to check my vain deluded Wiſhes, 
| O ! ſhou'd turn and tear him like an offended Lyon Is his 
can it, muſt it be in a Siſter's Power? | 

Clo. Come, come, will you Sign, Brother. 

D. Lew. Time enough, Puppy. | 

Car. Ol if you knew with what precipitated haſle you hurry on 
a Decd that makes you Bleſt or Miſerable tor ever, ev'n yet, near 
as you are to Happineſs,you'd find no danger 1n a Moment s pauſe. 

Clo. I ſay, will you ſign, Brother? 
Car. Away, I have no time for T rifles! Room for an elder 


Brother. 
D. Lem. Why, did not I bid thee ſtand out of the way 
now ? 
Ant. Ay, but this 1s ting, Charles! come, come, your hand, 
Man. 


Car, Your pardon, Sir, I cannot Seal; yet, had you only 
ſhew'd me Land, I had reſign'd it free, and proud to have 
beſtow'd it to your pleaſure: Tis Care, tis Dirt and Trouble: 
But you have open'd to me ſuch a Treaſure, ſuch unimagin'd 
Mines of ſolid Joy, that I perceive my Temper ſtubborn now, 
ev'n to a churliſn Avarice of Love Heaven direct my 
Fortune. 

Ant. And ſo you won't part with your Title, Sir? 

Car. Sooner with my Soul of Reaſon, be à Plant, a Beaſt, 4 
Fiſh, a Fly, and only make the Number 'of things up, than yield 
one foot of Land if ſhe be ty'd to't. 

Cha. I don't like this, he talks odly methinks? 

Ang. Yet with a bravery of Soul might warm the coldeſt Heart. 

4 (ide, 

Co. P ſhaw, Pox, prithee Brother, you bad better think of 

thoſe r in your Study, Man! 


Car. 


The Fop's Fortune. 29 

Car. Go you and ſtudy, for tis time, young Brother; turn o'e 
the Te dious Volumes I have read, think and digeſt them well! 
The whole ſomeſt Food for green Conſumptive Minds! wear out 
Whole faſted Days, and by thy pale weak Lamp, pore away the 
freezing Nights; rather make dim thy Sight, than leave thy Mind 
in Doubt and Darkneſs: Confine thy uſeleſs Travels to thy Clo- 
ſet, traverſe the Wiſe, and Civil Lives, of good and great Men 
Dead; Compare em with the Living: Tell me why Ce/ar periſnt 
by the Hand that lov'd him moſt, and why his Enemies deplor'd 
him? Diſtil the Sweetneſs from the Poets Spring, and learn to 
ſoften thy Defires, nor dare to dream of Marriage Vows, till thou 
haſt taught thy Soul, like mine, to Love——Is it for thee to wear 
a Jewel of this ineſtimable Worth? 3 
D. Lew. Ah! Charles ! (Xiſſes him.) What ſay you to the Scho- 
lar now, Chicken? — 2 2' 
Ang. A Wonder! Is this Gentleman your Brother, Sir? 
clo. Hay! No, my—— Madam, not quite that is, he is a 
little a kin by the——Pox on him, wou'd he were buried I 
can't tell what to ſay to him, ſplit me. 
Aut. Poſitively you will not ſeal then / ha! _ 
Car. Neither ſhowd not blindly ſay I will not ſeal----let me 
intreat a moments Pauſe- for, even yet, perhaps, I may, [Sighing | 

Ang. Forbid it, Fortune! 

Ant. O ! may you ſo, Sir! Y 
clo. Ay! Sir, hay! What, you are come to your ſelf J find | 
——ſheart|! | | 
Cha. Ay, ay, give him a little time, he'll think better on't, | 
warrant you. | Y 
Car. Perhaps, Fair Creature, I have done you wrong, whoft | 


! 

Plighted Love and Hope went hand in hand together: But Icon- iſ 
jure you, think my Life were liateful aiter ſo bate, ſo barbarous an 
AQ as parting em: What loco lay waſte at once for ever, all the | 
gay Bloſſoms of your forward Fortune, the promiſed Wiſhes of | 
your young Deſire; your ftruittul Beauty, and your ſpringing Joy, 
your thriving Svfineſs, and your cluſter'd Kifſes, growing on the 
Lips of Love, devour'd with an uachirſtv Infants Appetite! O 

- forbid Love! forbid it Nature and Humanity I have no Land, 
no Fortune, Life, or Being, while your Næceſſity of Peace requires 
'em: Say! or give me need to chiuk your imalleit Hope depends | 
on my objected Ruin, my Ruin is my Safety there; my Fortune, 
or my Liie reſigned witli joy, to your Account of happy hours | 


30 Love makes a Man: or, 
Cha. Why ay! There's ſome Civility in this. 
Clo. The Fellow really talks very prettily. 


ſuffer Marriage, or what yet be worſe, give it as an extorted 
Bond, impos d on the ſimplicity of your Lonth, and dare confeſs 
you wiſh ſome honeſt Friend wou'd fave, or free you from its 
hard Conditions, I then again have Land, have Life, and Reſo- 
lution waiting (till upon your happier Fortune. 


this will come tos? | | | 
Prieſt. In truth, unleſs ſome body is Married preſently , the 


eat it. 
Ant. Brother I ſay let's remove the Lady. 
. Force her from him: | | 
Car. Tis too late! I have a Figure here! ſooner Bodies leave 
their Shade, as well you might attempt to ſhut old Time into a 
Den, and from his Downy Wings waſh the ſwift hours away, or 
ſteal Eternity to ſtop his Glaſs; ſo fix'd, fo rooted here is every 
growing thought of her. 

Clo. Gats me: What now it's troubleſome again, is it? 
Car. Conlider Fair One, now's the very Criſis of our Fate: Lou 
cannot have it ſure, to ask if Honour be the Patient of my Love:: 
If you can Love for Love, and think your Heart rewarded there, 
like two young Vines well curl together, circling our Souls in ne- 
ver 2 Joy; we'll ſpring together, and we'll bear one Fruit; 
one Joy ſhall make us ſmile, one Sorrow mourn; one Age go 
with us, one Hour of Death ſhall ſhur our Eyes, and one cold 

Grave {hall hold us happy Say, but you hate me not! O 


peak / Give but the ſoftelt Breath to that tranſporting Thought 


Ang. Need I then ſpeak, to fay, I'm far from hating you 
I wou'd ſay more, but there is nothing fit for me to ſay, 
Cha. PII bear it no longer —-—— 
Ang. On this you may depend, I cannot like that Marriage was 
propos d me. | : 
Car. How ſhall my Soul requite this Goodneſs ? 


Rape 

Aut. Part em. 

Clo. Ay! ay! Part em, part 'em. 

D. Lew. Doll | lum | dum [Sizgs, and drams in their defence, 
* \ Qffice Wenn,... | 


Car. But if in bare Compliance to a Father's Will, you now but 


Clo. Ha! ha! Pert enough, that Igad! I long to ſee what 


KC. 


Dinner will be ſpoil'd, and then — no body will be able to 


Cha. Beyond Patience! This is downright Inſolence! Roguery | 


20 F Fortune. 31 
Ang, Nay then I am reduc'd to take Protection here. {Goes toCarios 
Car. O Ex taſie of Heart ! tranſporting Joy? 
D. Lew, Lorra ! Dorroll | Loll ! [Sings and Dances, | 
Cha, A Plot! a Plot, againſt my Honour: Murther! Treaſon ! | 

Gun- powder, Ill be reveng'd ! | 
4p. Sir, you ſhall have fatisfaQtion, 

C5. Ill be reveng'd 

Ant. Carlo, I ſay forego the Lady. 

Car. Never, while I have ſenſe of Being, Life or Motion. 
= C/o, You won't! Gatſo! What then, I find I muſt lug out upon 
this Buſineſs, Allons! The Lady Sir: 

D. Lew. Lora! Dorroll! Loll! {Preſenting his Point to Clodio. 

Cha, I'll have his Blood | | 

Car. Hold Uncle! Come Brother, ſheath your Anger Pl | 
do my beſt to ſatisfy you all but firſt, IT wou'd intreat a Blef- | 
ling here, | . | 

Ant. Out of ny Doors ! thou art no Son of mine / [Exit Ant. | 

Car, I am ſorry I have loſt a Father, Sir For you Brother, 
{ſince once you had a ſeeming Hope, in lieu of what you've loſt,. | 
balt of my Birth-right. | 

(lo. No halſs! no halfs Sir, the whole Lady 

Car. Why then the whole, if you can like the Terms. 

Clo. What Terms? What Terms? Come quick, quick. 

Car. The firſt is this (Snatches D. Lewis's Sword) Win her, 
and wear her; for on my Soul unleſs my Body fail, my Mind fhall 
never yield thee up a thought in Love. | 

D. Lew. Gramercy Charles! To him Boy! I gad! This Love 
has made a Man of him. 

Car. This is the firſt good Sword, I ever pois'd in Anger yer ;*tis 
ſharp I'm ſure, if it but hold my putting home, I ſhall fo hunt 
your Infolence! -——- I feel the fire of ten ſtrong Spirits in me. 
Wert thou a Native Fencer, in fo fair a Cauſe, I thus ſhou'd hold 
thee at the worſt deſiance. | 

Clo, Look you Brother, take care of your ſelf, I ſhall certainly | 
be in you the firſtthruſt, but if you had rather de'e ſee, we'll talk | 
a little calmly about this Buſineſs. 

Car. Away Trifler { I wou'd be loath to prove thee a Coward too. 

Clo. Coward! Why then really, Sir, if you pleaſe Midriffd's the 
Word, Brother you are a Son of a Whore Alloas | [They fight, 

2” and Clodio is diſarm'd. 

Cha, His Blood! I fay his Blood! ITI have it by all the Scars 

and Wounds of Hounour i my Family, Exit. Car. 


ö 


32 Tove makes a Man: Or, ai 

Car. There Sir: Take your Life—and mend it —begon without 

Reply. | ; 1 

Ang. Are you not wounded Sir? 5 
Car. Only in my Fears for you: How ſhall we beſtow us, Uncle? 
D. Lew. Poſitively we are not fate here, this Lady being an Hei- 


reſs: Follow me. x OP 
car. Good Angels Guard us. [Exeunt with Ang, 
clo. Gatſo! I never fenc'd ſo ill in all my Life — never in my 


Life, ſplit me“ 
* 5 | | | 
Enter Monſieur, 


Mon. Sayr here be de Trompete, de Haut——bois, de Muſique, 
de Maitre Dancer, dey deſeer to know if you ſal be pleaſe to ave 
de Maſque begin. 


Clo. Hay ! What does this Puppy ſay now? ® 

Mon. Sayr de Muſique. 5 
Clo, Why ay — that's true but tell em plague on em, 
tell em they are not ready tun'd. 5 

Mon. Sayr dere is all Tune, all prepare. 

Clo. Ay! Why then tell em that my Brother's wiſe again, and 
has ſpoiPd all, and I am bubbled, and fo I ſhan't be married till 
next time: But IT have fought with him, and he has diſarm'd me, 
and ſo he won't releaſe the Land, nor give me my Miſtreſs again, 
and IT am undone, that's all. _ [Exenzr, 


Enter Charino, Antonio, Officers and Servants, 


Cha. Officer do your Duty: I fay, ſeize em all. 
Ant. Carry 'em this minute before a how now! what all fled ! 
Cha, Ha! my Girl! my Child ! my Heireſs! Iam abus d! I'm 
cheated ! Tam robb'd: I am raviih'd, murder'd, and flung a Ditch. 
Ant. Who let em out! Which way went they, Villains? 
Ser, Sir we had no Order to ſtop em: But they went out at that 
Door, not ſix Minutes ago. 
Cha, I'll purſue 'em with Bills, Warrants, Actions, Writs, and 
Malice: Im a Lawyer, Sir, They ſhall find 1 underſtand Ruine. 
Ant. Nay, they ſhall be found Sir, run you to the Port, Sirrah, 
ſce if any Ships are going off, and bring us notice immediately. 


. | Enter 


The Fop's Fortune. 


Enter Sancho Drank, 


| 


1 


f 
San. Ban, ban, Cac-caliban ! [Sings. | 


Ant, Here comes a Rogue, I'll warrant, knows tlie bottom of 
all! where's my 50n, Villain? | | 

San. A huh! Son Sir! 

Cha, Where's my Daughter, Sirrah ? | 
San, Davugiter Sir! ahuh! 1 
cha. Ay, my Daughter Raſcal ! | 
San. Why Sir, they told me juſt now Sir — that ſhe's ahuh ! — *] 
he's run away. — we | 
Ant. Dog, where's your Maſter ? N 
San. My Maſter ! why they ſay he is ahuh! 
Aut. Where Sirrah? _ | 
San. Why he 15---he 1s— gone along with her. 

Ant. Death! you Dog ditcover him, or 
Jan. Sir, I will I will. 
Ant. Where is he, Villain? 

San, Where Sir! Why to be ſure he is he is upon my 
Soul, I don't know Sir. 

Aut. No more trifling Raſcal. 3 
Sax, It I do Sir, I wiſh this may be my Poiſon. [Drinks 
Ant, Death! you Dog get out of my Houſe, or PIl-—lo Sir, 

have you found him ? 


Re. enter the Se; vant haſtily, and Clodio. 


Clo. Ay Sir, have you found 'em? | 
Ser, Yes Sir, I had fight of em: But they were juſt got aboard 

a ſmall Veſſel, before I cou'd overtake 'em. 
Cha. Death and Furies 
Ant. Whither were they bound, Sirrah ? 

Ces. Sir, I cou'd not diſcover that: But they fſaiid full before 
the Wind, with a very ſmart Gale. | 
Ant, What ſhall we do Brother? 

C/o, Be as ſmart as they Sir: Follow *em | Follow 'em. 

Cha. Send ta the Port this moment, and ſecure a Ship: Il pur- 
ſue em thro' all the Elements 

Clo. III follow you, by the Northern Star, 


To et 2 Mart Or, 

Ant. RR Port again, Rogue: Hire a Ship, and tell 'em 
they muſt lic it Sail immediately. © 

Glo. And you Rogue, run to my Chamber, fill up my Snuff. 
box-—- Cram it hard you Dog, and be here again before you get 
thither. . Eng 
Ant. What will you take nothing elſe, Boy! ; 
Clo. Nothing Sir, but Snuff, and Opportunity — we're in haſte ! 


— 


Allons | hey! Je vole. 1 Exit. 
II. 
7 — 

The SCENE Lisbon. 
Enter Elvira, Don Duart, and Governozur. 
Bie Brother, let me intreat you, ſtay: Why will you 


Elv, 


; provoke your Danger? 
D. Da. Madam, my Honour muſt be fatisfied. 

Elv. That's done already by the degrading Blow you gave him. 

Gov. Pray Neice what is it has incens'd him? 

Elv. Nothing but a needleſs Quarrel. 
Gov. I am ſorry for him To whom is all this Fury Nephew ? 

D. Da. To you Sir, or any Man that dares oppoſe me. 

Gov. Come, You are, too boiſterous Sir, and this vain Opini- 
on of your Courage, taken on your late Succeſs in Duelling, makes 
you daily ſhun'd by Men of civil Converſation ; for thame leave 
off theſe ſenſeleſs Brawls; if you are Valiant, as you wou'd be 
thought, turn out your Courage to the Wars, let your King and 
Country be the better for t. | | 

D. Da. Yes, ſo I might be General Sir, no Maa living ſhall | 
command me. : 3 


on only: But never Means, or Favour. A 
D. Da, Fire! and Furies! I am tutor d here like a meer School- | 


The Fop's Fortune. 


Gov. Sir, you ſhall find that here in Lisbon I will: 


35 


I'm ever 


Hour follow'd with Complaints of your Behaviour from Men of | 


almoſt all Conditions; and my Authority, which you preſume 
will bear you out, becauſe you are my Nephew, no longer ſhall 
protect you now: Expect your next Diſorder to be puniſh'd with 
as much Severity, as his that is a Stranger to my Blood. 

D. Da, Puniſh me! You, nor your Office dare not do't. 

Gov, Away! Juſtice dares do any thing ſhe ought. 

Ev, Brother, this Brutal Temper mutt be caſt off: When you 
- can maſter that, you gladly ſhall command my Fortune. Bur if 
you ſtill perſiſt, expect my Prayers and Vows for 


* 


boy ! Women ſhall judge of Injuries in Honour !----For you Sir 
L was-born free, and will not curb my Spirit, nor is it for your 


Authority to tempt it: Give me the Uſage of a Man of Honour, 
[ Ext, 1 


or *tis not your Government ſhall protect you. 
Gov. I am ſorry to ſee this, Neice, for your ſake, 
Ev. Wou'd he were not my Brother. 


Enter Don Manuel, and Sailors with Angellina. 


D. Ma. Divide the Spoil amon 
ly challenge for my felt. 
Gov. Ha ! Some Prize brought in. 
Sail, Sir, ſhe's yours; you fought, and well deſerve her. 
Gov. Noble Don Manuel! Welcome on ſhore! I ſce you are 
Fortunate : For I preſume that's ſome Uncommon Prize. | 
D. Ma, She is indeed Theſe ten Years I have known the 
Sea, and many rough Engagements there: But never ſaw ſo ſmall 
a Bark ſo long defended, with ſuch incredible Valour, and by two 
Men ſcarce arm'd too | 
Gov. Ist poſſible? "4s 
D. Ma. Nay, and. their Contempt of Death, when taken, ex- 
ceeds even all they acted in their Freedom. 
Gov. Pray tell us inn. | 


oft you: This fair Captive I on- 


ready to be fetter'd, they look'd as they had ſworn never to take 
the Bread of Bondage, and on a ſudden ſnatehing up their Swords 
(the younger taking firſt from this fair Mard a farewel only with 
his Eyes) both leapt into the Sea. | 


your Converſi- | 


D. Ma. When they were brought aboard us, both diſarm'd and 


5 
— 
*B 
* 
2 


| 


: 


« 
1 


ES  - Love makes a Man: or, 
D. Ma. It wrought ſo much upon me (had not our own Safety 
hindred, at that time a great Ship purſuing us) I wou'd in Chari- 
1 ta'n em up and with their Lives they ſhoud have had 
Liberty. | | | | 
% 7g Too late, alas! they're loſt ! Cheart-wounding thought !) 
for ever loſt ! I now am Friendleſs, Miſerable, and a Slave. 
D. Mz. Take Comſort, Fair one, perhaps you yet again may ice 
em: They were not quite a League from ſhore, and with ſuch 
Strength and Courage broke through the Rolling Waves, they 
coud not fail of Lite and Safety. 
Ang. In that laſt hope, I brook a wretched Being: But if they're 
dead, my Woes will find ſo many Doors to let out Life, I ſhall 
not long ſurvive en. | | PEE 
Flv. Alas poor Lady! Come Sir, Miſery but weeps the more 
when {he is gaz'd on — we trauble her. Oe 
Gov. I wait on you, your Servant Sir Ex. Elv. and Gov. 
D. Ma. Now my fair Captive, tho I confeſs you beautiful: yet 
give me leave to own my Heart has long been in another's keep- 


ing: Therefore the Favour I am about to ask, you may at leaſt 


hear with Safety. | 

Ang. This has engaged me, Sir, to hear. 

D. Max. Theſe three Years, I have honourably lov'd a Noble 
Lady, her Name Louiſa, the Beauteous Neice of great Ferrara's 
Duke: Her Perſon and Fortune uncontroul'd, ſole Miſtreſs of her 
ſelf and me, who long have languiſh'd in an Hopeleſs Conftancy : 
Now I perceive, in all your Language and your Looks, a ſoftning 
Power, nor can a Suit by you promoted be denied: Therefore 1 
wou'd a while intreat your leave to recommend you, as her Com- 
panion, to this Lady's Favour: And (as I am ſure you'll ſoon be 
near her cloſeft Thoughts) if you can think upon the honeſt Cour- 
teſies J hitherto have ſhown your Modeſty, and in your happy 
Talk, but name with any mark of Favour me, or my unweari- 
ed Love, *twou'd be a generous Act, wou'd fix me ever grateful to 
its Memory. gs 

Ang. Such poor Afliſtance Sir, as one diſtreſs'd like me can give 
ſhall willingly be paid: If I can ſteal but any Thoughts from my 
own Misfortunes, reſt aſſur'd, they'll be employ'd in healing yours. 

D. Ma. VI ſtudy to deſerve this Goodneſs : For the preſent think 
my poor Houſe your own, at Night Ill wait on you to the Lady: 
Till when I am your Guard, | 
Ang. You've bound me to your Service 


Ex. D. Man. and 


The Fop s Fortune. 37 q 
The SCENE changes to a Church, the Veſpers ſuppos'd to be juſt end- 
ed, ſeveral walking out: Carlos and Don Lewis riſing near Louiſa i 
and Honoria, Louiſa obſerving Carlos. ö 


Hon, Come, Madam, ſhall we walk out? The Croud's pretty | 
well over now. | f 
Lou. But then that melancholy Softneſs in his Look ! [To her ſelf. | 
Hon. Couſin! Donna Louiſa ! ; 
Lou. Ev'n in his Devotions too, ſuch graceful Adoration——— | 
ſo ſweet a 
Hon,” Couſin, will you go? 


\ | Loa. Pihah, time enough Prithee let's walk a little this j 
FT way. | 
\ Hon, What's the matter with her?(They walk, D. Lew. and Carlos. | 


Car. To what are we reſeryd !- 0 
D. Lew. For no good, I am afraid my ill Luck don't uſe to 
give over, when her hand's in, ſhe's always in haſte one Misfor- 
rune generally comes galloping in upon the back of another —— *' 
Drowning we have eſcap'd miraculouſly, wou'd the Fear of Hang- | 
ing were over too: Our being ſo ſtrangely ſav'd from one, ſmells '| 
damnable rank of the other. Tho? I am oblig'd to thee, Charles, 
for what Lite I have, and PI] thank thee fort if ever I ſet foot up- .| 
on my Eſtate again: Faith I was jaſt gone, if thou hadſt not taken 
me upon thy Back the laſt hundred Yards, by this time I had been 
Food for Herrings and Mackerel But it's pretty well as it is: 
For there is not much difference between Starving and Drowning 
all in good time We are poor enough on Conſcience, and I don't 
know, but two days more faſting might really make us hungry too. 
Lou. They are Strangers then, and ſeem in ſome Neceſſity. 
"0 | leide. 
Car, Theſe are light Wants to me, I find 'em nc ne, when wed 1 
with Angellinas Loſs: When I reflect on her Diſtreſs, the Hardſhips 
and the Cries of helpleſs Bondage, the inſolent, the deaf Deſires f 
Men in Power, O! I cou'd wiſh the Fate that favd us from the 
Occan's Fury, in kinder pity of our Loves Diſtreſs, had buried us 
in one Wave embracing. 
Lou. How tenderly he talks! This were indeed a Lover! [4{i4e, 
D. Lew. A moſt unhappy Loſs indeed: Bur come, don't deſpair, 
Boy: The Ship chat took us was a Portugueſe, of Lisbon too, I be- 
| ho knows but ſome way or other we may hear of her yet. 


38 Love makes a Man: or, 


Car. In that poor Hope I live——— © thou dread Power ! stu- 


pendous Author of Univerſal Being, and of thy wondrous Works, LP 


that Virgin- Wife the Mafter-piece, look down upon her: Let the 
bright Virtues of her untainted Mind ſue for, and protect her: O 
let her Youth, her ſpotleſs Innocence, to which all Paſſages in 
Heaven ftand open, appear before thy Throne diftreſs'd, and meet 
ſome Miracle to fave her. as. r” 
Toa. Who wou'd not dye to be fo pray'd for? [Aſide. 
D. Lew. Faith, Charles, thou haſt pray'd heartily, Il ſay that for 
z thee, fo that if any good Fortune will pay us a Vil:t, we are ready 
to receive her now, as ſoon as ſhe pleaſes, Come, dont be me- 
lancholy. . 
Car. Havel not cauſe ? Were not my Force of Faith ſuperiour 
to my hopeleſs Reaſon, I cou'd not bear the Inſults of my Fortune: 


But I have raisd my ſelf, by elevated Faith, as far above Deſpair, 


Aas Reaſon lifts me from the Brute. 


D. Lew, Why now wou d not this make any one weep, to hear a 
young Man talk ſo finely, when he is almoſt tamijh'd 9 
Lou. What were you ſaying, Couſin ? | 
Hon. T wou'd have ſaid, Madam, but you wou'd not hear me. 
Lou. Prithee forgive. me, I was in the oddeit Thought: Let's 
Walk a little. Pll have him dogg'd. (Aſide.) Jaques (Whiſpers) 
hat Was't you ask'd me Couſin? ry 4 
Hin. The Reaſon of your Averſion to Don Manuel, ydu know he 
loves you. | 
Lou. J hate his Love. 75 8 
Hon, But why pray? you know he's Honourable, ſo is his Fa- 
mily, nor is his Fortune leſs, I ſhou'd think, the more deſireable, be- 
cauſe his Courage and his Conduct on the Seas have rais'd it, nay, 
with all this he's extreamly modeſt too. 
Tou. Therefore I might hate him. 
Hon. For his Modeſty? 
Tol. Is any thing ſo ſleepy, fo flat and inſupportable, as a modeſt 
Lover! | 
Hon. Wou'd you bear Impudence in a Lover? | 
Lou. I don't know; it's more tolerable in the Man, than the Wo- 
man, and there muſt be Impudence on the one fide before they 
can both come to a right Underſtanding. | 
Hon. Why, what wou'd you have him do? 7 | 
Loa. That's a very home Queſtion, Coulin, but if I lik'd him I 


cou'd tell you, 


The Fop's Fortune. 
Lou. Then T wowd not tell you. 
Hon. Why? | 

Lou. Cauſe I ſhou'd have more Diſcretion. 

Hon. Bleſs me ! Sure you wou'd not do any thing you wou'd 

be aſham'd to tell? | 
Lon. That's true: But if one ſhou d, you know 'twou'd be filly 

to tell. No Woman wou'd be fond of Shame ſure. 
jon. But there's no avoiding it in a ſhameful Action. 
Lou. Don't be ſo poſitive. _ 
Hon. All your Friends wou'd ſhun you, point at you. 


Lou. And yet you ſec there's a world of Friendſhip and good 


Breeding among all the Women of 


| Quality. 
Hon, Suppoſe there be ? 


Lou. Why then J ſuppoſe that a great many of them are migh- 


tily hurried in the Care of their Reputation. 
Hon, So you conclude, that a Woman doing an ill Thing, does 
her ſelf no harm while her Reputation's fate. 


Lou. It does not do her ſo much harm, and, of two Evils, I'm | 


always for chuſing the leaſt, 
Hon. What need you chuſe either? | | 
Loa. Becauſe I have a vaſt Fortune in my own Hands, and love 
dearly to do what I have a mind to. 
Hon, Why won't you marry then? 


— 


Lou. Becauſe then I mult only do what my Husband has a mind 


to: And Fhate to be govern d, on my Soul I wou'd not merry to 


be an Exe/ſb Wife; not but the dear jolting of a Hackney Coach, 


and an eaſie Husband, are ſtrange Temptations : Rut from the 
cold Comfort of a fine Coach with Springs, and a dull Husband 
with none, good Love deliver me: But then the Inſolence of ours 


is inſupportable, becauſe the naſty Laws gives em a Power over. 


us, which Nature never deſign'd em: For my part, I had rather 
be in Love all days of my Lite than Marry. 
Hon, That is, you had rather bear the Diſeaſe than have 
the Cure, = 0 | 
Lou. Marriage is indeed a Cure for Love: Bur Love's a Diſeaſe 
I wou'd never be cur'd of: Therefore no more Phyfick, dear 
Coutin, no more Husbands -—- I hate your bitter Draughts 
YH but Iam atraid I am a little teaveriſh—= You'll think me 
mad. 
Hon. What's the matter? 


Lon. 


this 


40 Love makes a Man : Or, 

Lou. Did you obſerve thoſe Strangers that have walk'd by us? 
Hon. Not much, but what of them? 1 
Tou. Did you hear nothing of their Talk? Fs 
Hon. I think I did; one of em, the younger, ſeem'd concern'd for 
2 loſt Miſtreſs. S | 

Lou. Ay, but ſo near, ſo tenderly concern'd, his Looks as well 
as Words, ſpeaking an inward Grief that cou'd not flow from 
the reſult of every common Paſſion: I muſt know more of him, 
| Hon. What do you mean? 25 $a 
Lou. —Muſt ſpeak to him. 
Hon. By no means. | 
| Lou. Why you ſee they are Strangers, I believe in ſome Neceſ- 

ſity; and fince they ſeem not born to beg Relief, to offer it un- 
ask'd wou'd add ſome Merit to the Charity. 

Hen, Conſider. 

Loa, I hate it Sir Sir 

D. Lew. Wou'd. you ſpeak with me, Madam? 

Lou. If you pleaſe, with your Friend — nat to interrupt you, 
—_ 

Car. .Your pleaſure, Lady? 

Lou. You feem a Stranger, Sir. 

Car, A moſt Unfortunate one. 

Lov, If I am not deceiv'd, in Want: Pardon my Freedom 
if I have err'd, as freely tell me ſo: If not, as earneſt of your bet- 
ter Fortune, this Trifle ſues for your Acceptance. 

D. Lew. Take it, Boy. 

Car. A Bounty ſo unmerited, and from an Hand unknown, . fills 
me with Surprize and Wonder: But give me leave in honeſty to 
warn you, Lady, of a too heedleſs Purchaſe ; for if you mean it 
as the Bribe to any Evil you wou'd have me practiſe, be not of- 
fended it I dare not take it. | 


Lon. How affably he talks, how Chaſte, how Innocent his 


Thoughts! he muſt be won !-——- (Hat.) You are too ſcru- 
pulous, I have no hard deſigns upon your Honeity ; Only 
be Wiſe and Cautious if you ſhou'd follow me: I am 


obſerv'd, farewel. Jaques! Will you walk, Couſin ? 
(Whiſpers Jaques.) and bring me word immediately | 
I am going home, (Ex. Lou. aud Hon. 
D. Lew, Let's ſee, odſheart / follow her Man why tis 
21] Gold / + 5 | 


Car, Diſpoſe it as you pleaſe. 


— — — 


T he Fop's Fortune. At. 
D. Lew, Il firſt have a better Title to'r——<=Sno, tis all thine; 
Boy hold an hundred Piſtoles ſhe's ſome great Fortune in 
love with you I fay follow her fince you have loſt 
one Wife before you had her, I'd have you make ſure of another 
before you loſe her. 2 | 8 
Car. Fortune indeed has diſpoſſeſsd her of my Perſon But her 
firm Title to my Heart, not all the ſubtle Arts or Laws of Love 
can ſhake or violate. : | | 
D. Lem. Prithee follow her now / methinks I'd fain ſee thee in 


Bed with ſome body before I dye. 

Car. Be not ſo poor in Thought, let me intreat you rather to 
employ 'em, Sir, with mine, in ſearch of Angellinas Fortune. 

D. Lew. Well, dear Charles, don't chide me now. Ido love thee, 
a nd I will follow thee | L Exeunt, 


Enter Antonio and Charino. SCE NE the Street. 


Ant. You hear what the Sailor ſaid, Brother, ſuch a Ship has 
put in here, and ſuch Perſons were taken in it. Therefore my 
Advice is immediately to get a Warrant from the Government to 
ſearch and take em up whereever we can find em. | 
Cha. Sir, yon mult not tell me I won't be chous'd of my 
Daughter, I ſhall expect her, Sir; if not Pll take my Courſe, I 
know the Law. „ [Walks about. 
Ant. You really have a great deal of dark Wit, Brother, but if 
you know any Courſe better than a Warrant to ſearch for her, 
in the Name of Wiſdom take it, if not here's an Oatli, and your's, 


and how now, where's elo oh, here he comes 
Enter Clodio ſearching his Pockets, 
How now | What's the matter, Boy? | | 
Cle. Ay, it's, gone, ſplit me. | 
Ant. What's the. matter? Clouder. 


Clo. The beſt Joint in Chriftendom. 

Ant. Clody! 
Clo. Sir, I have loſt my Snuff- box. 1 
Ant. P'ſhaw, a Trifle, get theo another, Man. 


* 


\ 
_ Clo, Sir, *tis not to be had beſides, I dare not ſhow my 
Face at Paris without it. What dv you think her Grace will ſay 
to- me? N 4 


Ch. 


110. 


41 Live makes 4 Man: Or, 


Ca. Well, upon ſecond Thoughts I am Content to ſearch. 
Cho. T have ſearch'd all my Pockets fifty times over, to no 


purpoſe. 

Cha. Pockets! 

Cio. It's impoſſible to fellow it, but in Paris I'll go to Pa- 
ris, ſplit me. ape... 


Hh * To Paris / Why you don't ſuppoſe my Daughter? s there, 
Sir! 


Clo. I don't know but ſhe may, Sir; but I am ſure they make 
the beſt Joints 1 in Europe there. 

Cha. Joints ! my Son- in- Law that ſhou'd ha been, ſeems 
ſtrangely alter d for the worſe. But come, let's to the G0 
vernor. 

C/o. Pll have it cry'd, faith, or, if that won t do, odds, I have 
a lucky Thought, III offer thirty Piſtoles to the finder,in the Paris 
Gazette, in pure Complement to the Favours of Madam la Dutcheſs 
&.—— Mum. I'll do't Faith. 

Ant. Come along Clod). [Ex. Ant. 3 Charino. 

Clo, Sir, I mult look a little, Pll follow you preſently: My poor 
pretty Box. Ah plague o' my nn. 


Euter 4 Servant haſti, with 4 Flambeau. 


Ser. By your leave, Sir, my Maſter's ng pray Sir clear the 
way. 
Co. Hay! why thou art pert, my Love; Prithee who is thy 
Maſter, Child? 

* The valiant Don Duart, Sir, Nephew to the Governour of 
Lisbon. 


cClo. Well, Child, and does he eat every Man he meets ? 


Ser, No, Sir, but he Ca every Man that takes the Wall 
of him, and always ſends me before to clear the way. 


Clo. Hah! a pretty harmleſs Humour that. Is this he, Child ?- 
You may look as terrible as you pleaſe, but I muſt banter you, 
flux me. [afiae.. 


Enter Don Duart, falking #p to Clodio. 


D. Ds. Do you know me, Sir? 


clo. Hey / ho! [Looks careleſh o on him, and gapes. 
D. Da. Do you know me „ 


| (ſtrikes off Clo. Hat.) Now you know me. 


are not a Bully, Sir. 


ly the moſt extraordinary —— umh / —— that ever I met with! 
Now Sir, you do know me, ſplit me? 


+... " The Fops Fon . 4625 
clo. You did not ſee my Snuff-box, Sir, did you? } 


* 


Clo. Perfectly well, Sir, — hi hi! 1 like you mightily you 


D. Da. You are Sawcy, Friend. 


Clo. Ay, it's a way I have, after Pm affronted Thou art real- 


D. D#. Know thee / take that, Peaſant !'[irikes him, and both draw. 

| Clo, I can't upon my Soul, Sir, Allons! now we fhall come to a 
right underſtanding. _ Os [They fight: 
Serv. Help! Murder! heip : 5 l 
C/o. Allons! to our better Acquaintance, Sir. A Hah! (D. Bu. 
hal ) he has it! Never puſht better in my Life, never in my Life, 
lit me. _ | | ; 
"Dn! my Maſter's kill'd ! help ho! Murder! help! | 
clo. Hay! why Faith Child that's very true as thou ſay'ſt, and 

ſo the Devil take the hindmoſt. Exit Clo. 


- Eater Oſhcers. 


1 ft "Offi. How: now ! -Who's that cries Murder? 

Serv. O, my Maſter murder'd: Some of you follow me, this 
way he took! let's after him help. Murder help! F[Exit. | 

24, Off, * Ts bon 8 | 

1/t. Offi. So, Pride has got a Fall: He has paid for't now ; You 
have met with your Match faith, Sir. Come let's carry the Body 
to the good Lady his Siſter Dozne Elvira: You purſue the Mur- 
derer, I'll warrant him ſome Civil Gentleman: Ye need not make 
too much haſte, for if he does ſcape it's no great Matter Come 
along. LExeunt with the Body. 


Enter Carlos, and Don Lewis, Follow d at ſome diſtance by Jaques and 
| Bravoes with 4 Chair. 


D. Lew. Come along charles, Pm ſure 'tis ſhe by their Deſerip- 


tion, and if that Brawny Dog, the Captain, has play*d her no foul 


Play, ſhe ſhalln't want Ranſom, if all my Eſtate can purchaſe it. 
Car. Now Fortune guide us. 3 1 


448. 


44 Lowe makes. + Man: or, 
Jaqu. That's he, the Taler be ſure you ſpare his Perſon— 
only force him into this Chair, and carry him as directed. 
1/ Bra. What muſt be done with the Old Fellow ,? 
Jaqu. We muſt have him too, left he ſhou'd dog the erat 
be . If he won't oome quietly bring him any hoW 
follow ſoftly, we ſhall ſnap em as they turn the: Corner. ; 


A. Noiſe of Folow,. &. Enter Clodio a0 from 1 the 2 fe 
Clo. Ah! Pax; of their, Noiſes the Dogs have finelt me out! 


What ſhall I do! If they take me I ſhall be nung ſplit me / ha! 
a Door. apsn, faith Pll in at a venture. Ga LE xn. 


hs 


Re-enter Bravoes with Carlos in 4 * ſome halling i in D. Lewis. 


„* Lew. O m poor Boy charles! charles help! Munter 7 
Bra. 05 your Peace Fool, if you'd be well us d! 
Lem. Sir, i will. not not hold my Peace! Dogs i Rogues ! 
Villains help! Murder 
| if Bra. Nay, then by your leave, old Gentleman — ſo bring 
| "him along. 
D. Lew. Aw! aw! aw! ( Gig bins, and carry him Head ana 
Heels.) [Exeunt. 


.'SCEN E. 4 71 FR Elvira, and her Servants with Kuen 


lv. IS not my, Brather come home yet? 
Ser. L have not ſeen him, Madam. | My 

Ev. Go and ſeek him, g all, and every Une bl not reſt 

till you return, take away your: Lights too: For my Devotions 

axe all ideen, e and T all read em there without a 

| Taper. n e Servants. 


055 Boten odio feealing.in. . 


Clo, Ah! poor Cody What will become of thee ? Thy Condi- 
tion, Em afraid, is but very. inchfferent— Follow d behind ! ſtopt 
—— and ;befet. on both Hogg Ab / Pox o' my, Wit! I muſt * 

muſt I? But let me ſee! Where. am T? an odd ſort of 


an an Hou this——all the Doors open, and. no body in't ! No Noiſe! | 
no no Dog ee 2 ! 


Te Fops Fortune. 45 
 Elv. Who's that? _ U 
Co. Ha ! a Womans Voice. 5 
Ev. Who are you? Who waits there? Stephano, Julia ! 
Clo. Gadſo! 'tis the Lady of the Houſe, ſhe can't ſee my Un. |} 
fortunate Face however. Faith Pl] ev'n make her a grave Speech, 
tell her my Caſe, and beg her Protection. | K 
Elu. Speak, What arc you? | 
Clo. 3 a moſt Unfortunate Young Gentleman. 
El. Iam ſure you are a Man of moſt ill Manners, to preſs # 
thus boldly to my Private Chamber : Whither wou'd you ? What | 
want you? „ 1 
Clo. Gracious Madam hear me, I am a Stranger moſt unfortu- 
nate, and my diſtreſs has made me rudely preſs for your Protecti- 
on; if you refuſe it Madam, I am undone for ever by I ay, 
Madam, I am uttecly undone ! *Twas coming, Faith! (aße. 
Elv. Alas! his Fear confounds him: What is't purſues you, Sir ? 
Clo. An outcry of Officers; the Law's at my Heels, Madam, 
tho? Juſtice 'm not afraid of. — 2 | 
Ev. How could you offend the one, and not the other? 
_ Co. Being provok'd, Madam, by the Inſolence of my Enemy, 
in my own defence, I juſt now left him dead in the Street; 1am 
very young, Madam, and I would, not kg be hang'd in a 
ſtrange Country methinks, which I certainly ſhall be, unleſs your 
tender Charity protects me — Ged, I have a rare Tongue, I have 
a rare Tongue, Faith Laſide. 5 
« Elv. Poor Wretch, I pity him bY. © 
Cs, Madam, your Houſe is now my only Sanctuary, my Altar, 
therefore I beg you upon my Knees, Madam, take pity of a poor 
bleeding Victim. 
Elv. Are you a Caſtilian ? 5 
Clo. No Madam, I was born in —in— in What de 
callum in 5 | 
Elv. Nay, Lask you not with purpoſe to betray you, were yau 
ten thouſand times a SHaniard, the Nation we Portegueſe moſt hate, 
in ſuch diſtreſs I yer would give you my Protection. 
Cle. May I depend upon you, Madam; am I ſafe? | 


— - — — — — = 
* lu es he 5 — 3 ba - 
— 4 — * - 


— cn” — — — a 


— —— ——— — FOOTr  n3n thay 
- 8 | 


— — t- n 


Flv. Safe as my Power, my Word, or Vow can make you: 
Enter that Door which leads you to a Cloſet : ſhou'd the Officers 
come, as you expect, they owe ſuch Reverence to my Lodgiogs, | 
they'l ſearch no farther than my leave invites 'em. W's 

Clo, Dye think, Madam, you can perſuade dem? 


Ets, 


46 | Love makes a Man: or, 


Elv. Fear not, ll warrant you; away! 

C/o, The Breath of Gods, | and Eloquence of Angels go along 
with you. [Exz#. p 

Elv. Alas, who knows but that the Charity I afford this $tran- 
ger perhaps my Brother elſewhere may ſtand in need of: How he 
trembles ! I hear his Breath come ſhort hither ; be of comfort, Sir, 
once more I give you my Solgma Promiſe for your ſafety. 


= Enter S ervant and Officers, with D. Duartꝰ's 2 * | A 


Kerv. Here, bring in the Body — O Madam, my Maſter's 
kill'd. 


Elv. What ſay'ſt thou? 
Serv. Your Brother, Madam, my Maſter Young Don Daart's 


E dead, he juſt now quarrell'd wich a Gentleman, who unfortunately 
kilbd him in the Street. | 


Elv. Ah me 
1. Off. We are informed, Madam, that the Murthever: Was 


ſeen to enter this Houſe, Which made us preſs intoꝰt to —_— | 
him. 


Ely. Oh! 
Serv. Help ho, my Lady Flints, | 
1. Off. Give her Air, {he'll recover. rClodio peeps in. 


Clo. Hay hy, what the Devil, am I ſafer than I wou'd 
be now ? Exactly I have nick'd the Houſe to an hair 
Juſt ſo I did at Paris too, when I took a Lodging at a Bay liffs that 
had three Writs againſt me This D-mn'd Cloſet too ys neer a 
Chimney to ereep out at ah poor Cl-ay ! wou'd thou wer t faii ly 
in a Storm at Sea again; for Lam plaguy fraid thou wer't not born 
to be drown'd. Tretire. 

Elv. Stand off; my Sorrows will have way; O my unhappy 
Brother ſuch an end as this thy haughty mind long ſince did 
propheſy ! and to encreaſe my miſery, thy wretched Siſter wilfully 
muſt make a breach of what ſhes vow?d, or thou fall unreveng'd: 
Revenge and Juſtice both ſtand knocking at my Heart, bur Ho- 
ſpitable Faith has barr'd their entrance; if I ſhou'd give 'em 
way, I am forſworn; if not, am impious to a Brothers memor 
Is there no means ? no middle Path of ſa fety left? mult I 2 


my Brother's Murtherer? or break a. Solemn Vow, on which a- 
nother's Life depends? 


ern "oY Zuater 


5 The 'Fop's Fortune.” 47 


Enter Governor, and Servants, 


| Gov. Where's this unhappy Sight? — alas! he's Gone paſt all 


recovery. Reproof comes now too late. 


_ Eto, It ſhall be ſo; ll take the lighter Evil of the two, and 
keep the ſolemn Vow to which juſt Heav'n was witneſs: The 


Wounds of Perjury never can be cur'd, hut Juſtice may again 


_ oretake the Murtherer, when no raſh Vows protect him. 
Gos. Take comfort, Neice. 
Elv. O forbear; ſearch for the Murtherer,and remove the Body, 
at your diſcretion, Sir, to be interr*'d, while I ſhut out th' offen- 
five day, and here in ſolitude indulge my forrow : Therefore I beg 
my neareſt Friends, and you, my Lord, for ſome few days, to ſpare 
your Charitable Viſits. 5 | 
Gov. I grieve for your misfortune, Neice ; but ſince you'll have 
it ſo, we take our leaves: Farewell—bring forth the Body. [Ex##. 
Clo. Hay ! What are they gone away without me? and by her 
Contrivance to0,,  —Gatlo! ; 

Elv. Whoere thou art, to whom I've giv'n means of Life, to let 
thee ſee with what Religion I have kept my Vow, come fearleſs 
forth, while Night's thy Friend, and paſs unkown. 

Clo, If this is not Love, the Devil's in't. - [Afaae. 


Elv, Fly with thy utmoſt ſpeed where I may never ſee thee more. 


Clo. Ay, that's her modeſty. [A/iae. 

Elv. And let that Charitable Faith thou haſt found in me, per- 
ſuade thee to atone thy Crime by Penitence. 

C/o. Poor Soul, I may find a better way to thank thee for”. 

Elv. You are at the Door now, farewell for ever. 


C/o. Which is as muchas to ſay, what wou'd I give to ſee you 


aga in All in good time Child 


The End of the Third Ack. 


AGcT N 


Enter Don Duart in his Nieht-Gown, Surgeon, and Servant. 


D. Du A YI venture yet abroad, Sir? | 
Sur. With fafety, Sit; your Wound was never 
dangerous: though from your great loſs of Blood, 


you ſeem'd a while without all ſigns of Lite, 


(3-4 | D. Da 


— * 


—— | ets, co —— 22 
8 . — — ——— 
— — _ Ws 


| 
| 
| 


| 


48 Love males a Man: or, 
D. Da. Sir, do you know, if the Gentleman that Wounded me 
,,, ROOT TIO SORE 
Sar. He was never taken, Sir, nor know, that I cou'd hear of. 
D. Da. I am ſorry for't; for cou'd I find him, which now ſhall 
be my earneſt care, I wou'd with real Services acknowledge him 
my beſt of Friends, in having prov'd ſo fortunate an Enemy: he 
has beſtow'd on me a ſecond Life, which from a clearer inſight of 
my ſelf, will teach me now to uſe it better too: How does my Siſter 
ſeem to bear my Fortune? Þ „ 
Sur. I never knew the loſs of any Friend la mented with more 
| ſorrow ; ſhe ſuffers none to viſit her, nor is ſhe yet acquainted 
with your Recovery. x | bi 1 
D. Da. I wou'd not have her yet, nor any of my Friends : No 
moiſture ſooner dries than Womens Tears, and tho? I am apt to 
think my Siſter honeſt in her Sorrow, yet knowing her a Wo- 
man ſtill, Iamreſolv'd to make a farther tryal of her Virtue. 
Sar. Sir, you may command my Secrecy. _ | 
D. Da. I thank you Sir, *twill oblige me — Boy. 
Ser. Sir. | F | 
D. Du. Do you think you know again the Gentleman that 
fought me ? 2 Br | 
Serv. I believe I may, Sir. FE 
D. Da. I'd have you ſuddenly enquire him out; he ſeem'd by 
his Deport of France, or England; if fo, you'll probably find him 
in ſome Leud Houſe or other. 3 5 
Serv. Rather at Church Sir, for no body will ſuſpect him there. 
D. Da. Seek him every where; come Sir, I wait on you [Exeart. 


| [The SCENE charges to Loviſa's Hoaſe: Don Manuel, «1d Augellina. J 


D. Ma. Now Madam, let my hard Fortune teach you a little 
to endure your own. You ſce with what ſevere neglect the till 
receives my humble Love; nothing I ſay, or do, has any weight 
or motion in her Thoughts for m. 
Ang. You are too diffident of your Fortune; I wou'd not have 
an honeſt mind deſpair : She ſeem'd indeed a little careleſs of 
you yougave her no offence, Pm contident ; fee here ſhe comes; 
take heed how you diſpleaſe her by an Impatient Stay=—Pray go, 
in the mean time Pl] think of you, indeed I will. | 
D. Mz lam Yours for everm—— [Exeant ſeverally. 


| . >. 


Te Fop's Fortune. 5 49 


Enter Loüiſa, and Jaques, Servants waiting. 


Los, Were they both ſeiz'd? 


L Jag. Both, Madam, and will be here immediately ; I ran be- 


fore, to give your Ladyſhip notice. 
, Lov. You know my Orders: When they are enter'd, bar all the 
Doors, and on your Lives, let eyery one be mute, as I directed 


you mult retire a while. [Exeunt. 


Exter Bravo's, who let Carlos out of the Chair, while others throw 
down Don Lewis gagg'd and bound. 


Car. So Gentlemen, you find I've not reſiſted you=— but now 
pray let me know my Crime? why have you brought me hither ? 
where am I? if in Priſon, look in my Face, perhaps you have mi- 
ſtaken me for another. 

[Jaques holds up his Lanthorn, nods, and Exit with the reſt. 
You ſeem to know me Sir, —_ All dumb, and vaniſh'd- 
My Fortune's humorous, ſhe ſports with me. 
D. Lew. Aw! Aw / 955 
Car. What's here! a Fellow Priſoner ! Who are you? 
D. Lew. Aw ! aw! 
Car. Do you ſpeak no other Language? 


D. Lew. Aw ! aw! aw! Louder. ; 
Car. Nay, that's the ſame, . 
D. Lew. Auh LSyehing. 


Car. Poor Wretch ! I am afraid he wou'd ſpeak if he cou'd. 
Cle. enter Jaques and Servants, with Lights, who releaſe Don Lewis. 


Sure they think I walk in my ſleep, and won't ſpeak for fear of 


waking me. | 
D. Lew. Sir, Your moſt humble Servant, and now my Tongue's 


at liberty; Pray will you do* me the favour to ſhew me the way 


home again? 


What a Fox, are you all dumb [Exeunt Mute, 


Well Sir, and pray what are=— Charles ! ah! my dear Boy? 
| | . " [Kyſſes him. 


Car. My Uncle! nay then, my Fortune has not quite lorſaken . f 


me! how came you hither; Sir? 
D. Lew. Faith, like a Corps into Church, Boy, with my Heels 
foremoſt ; but prithee how didſt thou come? 


„ «mY as "73 


Car. You ſa the Men that ſciz'd us, they forc'd me intg a Chair, 
Ov wml * , 


* 
—— . — Por ——— 


50 Love makes a Man: or, 
D. Lew. Well, but a Pox plague em, what is all this for? What 
wou'd they have? A FFT 
Car. That we muſt wait rheir pleaſure to be inform'd of; they 
have indeed alarm'd my Reaſon, not my Conſcience, that's ſtil at 
. &cſt, fcarleſs of any Danger. „ S .-.. 
D. Lew. The Sons of Whores won't ſpeak neither; Hey day! 

What's to be done now ? | | 1 P | 


* 


- 


Enter Jaques, and Servants with « Banquet, Wine, and Light. 
Car. More Riddles yet! I dream ſure. _ 
EO Jaques complements D. Lewis to take his Chair. 
D. Lem. For me? Sir, Your meſt Humble Servant: [rs] Charles! 
ſit down Boy! "Rp 5 
Hs / ha ! ha! a Parcel of filly dumb Dogs ! Is this all the Bu- 
Bae 1 1 1 8 
Puppies! did they think I wou'd not come to Supper, without 


—_— 


being brought Neck and Heels to't ? 
Car. Amazement all! What can it end in? 1 
D. Lew, Never trouble thy Head, prethee: Pox of Queſtions ; oo 
fall to man—Delicate Food truly—Here—Dumb ! Prithee gives 
a Glaſs of Wine to wet the way a little? come Charles, here's 
here's Honeſt Dumb's Health to thee : [adrizks] Dumb's a very 
Honeſt Fellow, Faith. [Claps Jaques on the Head. 
Car. What Harmony is this? [A Flourith] 
D. Lew. Rare Mulick indeed let's eat, and hear it. r 
|. Vere |. 
Water fine truly I have not made an heartier Meal a great 
While. 


| [Here Jaques offers a Night- Gown and Cap to D. Lewis. 
Well, and what's to do now Lad? for me Boy? Ods fo ! we lie 
here, do we !— mighty well, that again Faith: [For I was juſt 
thinking to go home, but that I had neer a Lodging] Nay, I al- 
ways ſaid Honeſh Dumb knew how to make his Friends wel- 
come—— well, but it's time enough yet, ſhaln't we crack a Bot- 
tle firſt ? Charles is melancholly. [Jaques ſhakes his Head. 
What! that's as much as to ſay, if I won't go, I ſhall be carri- 
ed. Sir, your Humble Servant: [Pats on the Gown] well Charles, 
good night, ſince they won't let me have a mind to ſtay any lon- 
ger? I'd give a Piſtole tho', to know what this will come to! 


ALD) CONLLIC a LiO00t 


Ile Fop's Fortune. N 


Car I'm buried in Amazement==— why am I buſied thus in 
1 rifles, having ſo many nearer Thoughts that wound my Peace— 
Ha, more Muſick ! I cou'd almoſt ſay, *twere welcome now. 

[IA SONG here, which ended, D. Lewis appears above.] 

D. Lew. So! at laſt I have grop'd out a Window, that will let 
me into the Secret: Now if any Foul Play ſhou'd happen, I am 
pretty near the Street too, and can baul out Murther to the 
Watch 5 | | 
But Mum! the Door opens! 


Enter Louiſa. 


" Hay / ah what dull Rogues were we not to ſuſpect this be- 
fore? Dumb's a ſly Dog; *cis ſhe, Faith tum, dum, dum 
here will be fine work preſently ; toll, dum, di, dum Now 1 
fhall ſee what mettle my Boy's made of; Tum, dum, dum. 

Lov. You iecem amaz'd, Sir. 

Car. Your Pardon, Lady, if I confeſs it raiſes much my wonder, 
why a Stranger, friendleſs, and unknown, ſhowd meet unmerited 
ſuch floods of courtely'? for i I miſtake not, once this day before, 
I've taſted of your Bounty. | 8 

Lov. I have forgot that, hut I confeſs I ſaw you, Sir. 

Car. Why chen was I fore d hither ? if you reliev'd me only 
from a ſoſt compaſſion of my Fortune, you cou'd not think but ſuch 
Humanity might on the fligiteſt hint have drawn me to be grate- 
ful. 

Lov. Town I could not truſt you to my Fortune; I knew not but 
ſome other might have ſeen you belide, methought you ſpoke 
leſs kind to me before. : | | 

Car. It my poor Thanks were offer*d in too plain a Dreſs (as I 
contels, Pm little practic'd in the Rules of grac'd Behaviour,) ra- 


— - — 
hed, as 


ther think me ignorant, than rude, and pity what you cannot Pardor. |! 


Lov. Fye ! you are too modeſt how cou'd you charge your 


ſelf with ſucha Thought? I ſcarce can think *ris in your Nature to 


be rude at leaſt to cur Sex. 
Car. were more unpardonable there. 


Lov. Nay, now you are too ſtrict on the other fide; for there 


may happen Times, when that the World calls Rudeneſs, a Wo- 
man might be brought io pardon; Ssaſons, when even modeſty were 
Ignorance Pray be feated Sir, —nay, I'll have it ſo—I fay 


» 


1 
* 


ſometimes too much Reſpect [pray be nearer, Sir}, wore melt offen- 
3 ve: 


52 Love mates a Man: or, 
ſive: Suppoſe a Woman were reduc'd to offer Love, her pains of 
ſhame are inſupportable ; and ſhou'd ſhe call that Lover rude, who 
kindly conſcious of her wiſhes, bravely reſolves to take, and ſaves 
her modeſty the guilt of giving? Suppoſe your ſelf the man fo 
| 05 where cou'd you find at ſuch a time Excuſes for your Mo- 
deity. 2 = 5 5 N Bk 
Car. If I cou'd love again, my Eyes wou'd tell her; if not, I 
ſhou'd not eaſily believe; at leaſt, in Manners, wou'd not ſeem to 
. underſtand her. | Ko WEE: EP 
Lov. Alas! yon have too poor a ſenſe of Womans love. Think you 
ave have no invention? you wou'd not underſtand her, how wou'd 
you avoid it? when ev'n her ſlighteſt look wou'd ſpeak too plain 
for that Excuſe ; if not, ſhe'd fi} proceed Thus gently ſteal your 
| Hand, and ſign, and preſs it to her Heart, and then look wiſhing 
in your Eyes, till Love himſelf fhor forth, and wak'd you to Com- 
. paſſion, 5 2 Yo 
, Car. Amazing! can ſhe be the Creature ſhe deſcribes ? 
* Lov. O they have ſuch ſubtle ways to ſteal into a Lover's Heart; 
| ..nay, if ſhe's reſolute, not all your ſtrength of Modeſty can guard 
you; ſhe'd preſs you ſtill with plainer, ſtronger Proots ; her Life, 
her Fortune ſhou'd be yours: For where a Woman loves, ſuch 
Gifts as theſe are Trifles ; thus like the lazy minutes wou'd ſhe 
teal em on. which once but paſt, are quite forgotten. [Gives him 
5 Jewels. 
Car. Is't poſſible! can there be ſuch a Woman? | 
Lov. Fye! Icow'd chide you now; you wou'd not ſure be thought 
ſo flow of Apprehenſion. ' 
Car. Ewou'd not willingly be thought ſo vain, or fo uncharitable 
o ſu ppoſe there cou'd be ſuch a one. 


. 


Low. Nay, now you force me to forſake my Sex, and tell you 
plain I cannot ſpeak it yet you muſt know — But tell me, 
muſt I needs bluſh to. on a Paſſion that's ſo tender of you? I am 
this Creature ſo reduc'd for you, and all you've ſeen ſuppoſed was 
Natural, all but the ſoft reſult of growing Love Why are you 
ill thus fixt, and filent! what is't you fear? 
Car. Monſtrous! [fide and Riſing 
Lov. What is't you ſtart at? 
Car. Not for your Beauty, the? I confeſs you Fair to a Perfection, 
Compleat in all that may Engage the Eye: But when that Beau 
Vades, (as Time leaves none unviſited) what Charm {hall then 
ſlecure my Love? Your Riches? no -an honeſt Mind's above the 
1 | | bribes 


The Fops Fortune. 53 
bribes of Fortune: For tho? diſtreſſed, a Stranger, and in want, I 
thus return em Tnankleſs: be Modeſt, and be Virtuous, DI] admire 
you, all good Men will Adore you, and when your Beauty, and 
your Fortune are no more, will ſtill deliver down your Name re- 
ver'd to Ages: But while you thus enllave your Generous Reaſon 
to fo Intemperate a Folly, your very Nature ſeems 1averted : Cou'd 
.- you but one moment calmly Jay it by, you'd find ſuch a vile In- 
dignity to your Stx, as Modeſty could never Pardon. 


e,, appear too free a Lover, and talk beyond the uſual 


Courage of my Sex, forgive me; It! be again che frarful, ſoftning 
| Wretch, that you'd have me : my Wiſhes ſhall be Dumb, udles 


SE my Eyes may ſpeak*em, or if I dare to touch your Hand it ſhall 
be gently trembling, and unperceived as Air: nay fix'r, and ſilent, 


as your ſhade, Pl} watch. whole Winter Nights content, and liſt- 
- ning to your Slumbers: Is this Intemperance ? for pity ſpeak, for 
I confeſs your hard reproofs have ſtruck upon my Heart! O ſay 


F : you will be mine, and make your own Conditions. If you ſuſpect 


my Temper, bind me by the moiſt Sacred Tye, and let my Love, 
my Perſon, and my Fortune Lawfully be yours. 
Car. Take heed ! Confider yet, if ev'n this Humility be not the 
Offspring of your firſt unruly Paſſion : But ſince at leaſt it carries 
ſomething a better Claim to my Concern, Il be at once Sincere, 
and tell you *cis Impoſſible, that we ſhould ever meet in Love. 
Lou. Impoflible! OY why! / | 
Car. Becauſe my Love, my Vows, and Faith are given to ano- 
ther: Therefore ſince you find I dare be Honeſt, be early Wiſe, 
and now releaſe me to my Fortune. | 
' Loa. I cannot Part with you! | 
Car. You muſt, I cannot with my Reaſon Pray let me 
paſs ! why do you thus hang upon my Arm, and (train your Eyes, 
as they had Power to hold me ? 
Lo. Ungrateful! will you go? take heed ! for you have prov'd 
I am not Miſtreſs of my Temper. 
Car. I ſes it and am ſorry: But needed not this Threat to drive 
me: For {till I dare be Juſt, and Force my ſelf away. [ Exit Carlos. 
Loa. O Torture! Left! Retus'd! Deſpis'd ! have I thrown off 


my Pride for this! O! Inſupportable ! If I am not Reveng'd, - 
may all the well, [Walks Diſorder d. 

D. Lew, What a Pox, are all theſe fine things come to nothing 
then ?— Poor Soul! ſhe is in a great heat truly-—— ah! ſilly 


Rogue — now could I find in * heart to put her into good hu. 


mor 


54 Lore makes a Man: or, 

mour again have a great mind faith——odd ! ſhe's a hum- 
mer A ſtrange mind, I han't had ſuch a mind a great while — 
Hay /—ay ! Pi dot faich—if ſhe does but ſtay now, ah! if ſhe 
dots but ſtay ! LA, he is getting from the Balcony Louiſa 


Leu. Who waits there ? e 
eu. Who waits there : 


CR | Enter Jaques. 
enge, 5 

Jag. Madam I met him juſt now walking haſtily about the Gal- 
; 4 Are all the doors faſt? 

Jag. All barr'd, Madam. 3 8 
Lon. Put out all the Lights too, and on your lives let no one ask 
or anſwer him to any Queſtion: But be you ſtill near to obſerve 
—_ | Exit Jaques. 
1 8 

D. Lem. Odſo! my Back 

Lou. Bleſs me, who's this > what are you? 

D. Lem. Not above Fifty, Madam. 

Lou. Whence come you, what's your Buſineſs? 
D. Lew. Finiſhing. | 
Lon. Who ſhew'd, who brought you hither ? 

D: Lew. Dumb, honeit Dumb. E 

Lou. Will you be gone Sir, I have no time to fool away. 

D. Lew, Yes, but you have; what ! don't I know / 

Lou. Pray Sir who! what is't you take me for? 


D. Lew. A delicate piece of work truly, but not finiſhed ; you 
underſtand me, | . 


Lou. Lou are mad, Sir. | 
D. Lew. I fay don't you be modeſt: for there arc times 
do you ice, when cv'n Medeſty is Ignorance (pray be ſeated, Ma- 
dam——nay I'!] have it ſo: ) ah! [Sits down, and Mimicks her 
. [ Behaviour to Carlos, 
- Los. Contulion ! have Texpoſed my ſelf to this Wreich too ! had 
Witaeſſes of my Folly nay I deſerve it. [Stands Mute, 
D. Lew. So! So! I ſhall bring her to terms preſently — you 
have a world of pretty Jewels here Madam——ay theſe now 


theſe are a couple of fine large Stones truly, but where a Woman 
loves, ſuch Gifts as theſe are Trifles. PRE 


Lau. Inſupportable ! within there ! 


[Doz Lewis Drops down, 


[Municks again. 


The Fop's Fortune. 


Euter Servants aud Braves. 


D. Lew, Hay! 1 | LR fing. 
Ser. Did your Ladiſhip call, Madam? | 
D. Lew. I don't like her looks, faith. L 4ſide. 


. Loan. Here take this Fool, let him be gagg'd, ty'd neck and 
heels, and lockt into a Garret: away with him. 
D. Lew. Dumb! Dumb! help Dumb! ſtand by me Dumb! 
A pox of my Finiſhing, Aw ! a- [They Gagg him, and Carry 
| | [vim off. 
Lou. The In ſolence of this Fool was more provoking than the 
others Scorn, But I ſhall yet find ways to meaſure my Revenge. 
| 15 [Exit Louiſa. 
Re-enter Carlos in the Dark. 


Car. What can this evil Woman mean me ! the Doors all barr'd 7 
the lights put out ! the Servants mute, and ſhe with Fury in her 
Eyes now ſhot regaidiefs by me: I wou'd the worſt wou'd ſhow it 
ſelf, Ha ! Yonder*s a Light, PII follow it, and Provoke my Fortune. 

ER. 


The SCENE Changes to another Room. 
Angellina with a Light. 


Ang. I cannot like this Houſe : For now but going to my Reſt, 
my Ears were *larum'd with the Cries of one that call'd for Help: 
T ve icen ſtrange Faces too, that carry Guilt and Terror in their 
looks; and yet the Officer that plac'd me here appear'd of Honeſt 
Thoughts what can this mean? No matter what, ſince nothing, 
than che loſs 0! bim I love can worſe befal me! —— Hark What 
Noiſe ! is the door faſt? Ah! [going to (hut it. 

: [Re-enter Carlos, and Jaques Liſtning. 

Car. Ha! another Lady! and alone / 

Ang. H ven's how I Tremble / | | 

Car. Sure by ber ſurpriſe ſhe is not of the other's Counſel 
Pardon tliis IAH AuνLEẽVehò Lady, Jam a Stranger, and Diſtreſs'd, be not 
Diſmay'd, I have no Ill deſigns unleſs to beg your Charitable Aſſi- 
ſtance be Offenſive. | | | 
Ang. Ha! that Voice! La mag d 


8 7 Love makes 0 Alan Or, 


Car. Save me you Powers! and give me ſtrength to bear this 
Inſupportable Surprize of Ruſhing Joy. 

Arg, My Carlos — oh! 

Car, Tis ſhe! my long loſt Love, my living Angelina, 
| Embraces her. 

Jag. Say you fo, Sir! this ſhall to my Lady. [Exit Jaques. 

Ang. O let me hold you ever thus, leaſt Fate again ſhould part 
us. 

Car. Twas Death indeed to part; but from fo hard a ſeparation 
thus again to meet, is Life reſtor'd, it draws whole Years to Hours, 
and wegrow Old with Joy Mi Moments. 

Ang. O! I were Happy, "bleſt above my Sex,cou'd but my plain 
ſi implicity of Love deſerve your kind Endearments. 

Car. Ig t Poſſible ! thou Miracle of Goodneſs, that thou canſt 
thus forget the Miſery, the Want, the Ruin my Unhappy Love 
has brought thee to? Truſt me, that ſtormy * has clouded 
ev 'in the very Joy I had to ſee thee. 


Enter Jaques and Louiſa at 4 diftance. 


. There they are; from bom your Ladiſhip may hear 'em. 
Lon. Leave me. [Exit Jaques, and Lou. liſtens. 
Arg. I cannot bear to ſee you thus: for my fake don — 
For while you ſeem in hope, I ſhall eaſily be cheerful. 
Car. O thou Engaging Softneſs | thy Courage has reviv'd me; 
No, we'll not deſpair; the Guardian Power that hitherto has 
fav'd us, may now with leſs expence of Providence, protect, and 
fix us happy. 
Los. Ha! ſo near acquainted! [behind. 
Car, And yet our ſafety bids us part this Moment; How came 
you hither ? 
Ang. The Officer that made me Captive, prov'd a worthy man 
and = d me here as a Companion to the Lady of this Dwelling. 
| 2 Ha! to what end? ; 
. He ſaid, to be the Advocate of his Suecelslels Love; for 
he pwr he woed her Honourably. 
Car. Ist poſſible? is there 2 Wretch ſo curs d among mankind to 
be her Honourable Lover. 
Lou. So. [[z Anger. 
Car. Take heed, my Love, avoid her as a Diſcale to Modeſty. 
Lou. Very well. 


The Fop's Fortune. 87 
Car. O! have ſuch a ſhameful Tale to tell thee of her intempe- 
rance, as wou'd ſubject her even to thy loathing. 
Lou. Inſolent!— well. 
Ang. You amaze me, pray what was it? 
Car. This is no time to tell; I had forgot my Danger: Let it 
ſuffice, the Doors are barr'd againſt me; now, this moment I ama 
Priſoner to her Fury; if thou canſt help me to any means of 
Safety, or Eſcape, ask me no Queſtions, but be quick, and tell me. 
Ang. Now you frighten me; but here through my Apartment 
leads a Paſſage to the Garden, at the lower end youll find a 
Mount; if you dare drop from thence, I'll ſhow you: But can't 
you ſay when I may hope again to ſee you? $a 
Car. About an Hour hence be walking in the Garden, ready for 
your eſcape; for if Ilive, I'll come provided with the means to 
make it ſure. Now I dare thank thee, Fortune. 
Ang. You will not fail. | 
Car. If I ſurvive, depend on me; till when may Heav'n ſupport” 
thy Innocence...0 —- . 
Ang. Follow me. [Exennt haſtily. 
Lou. Are you ſo nimble, Sir > Who waits there? [Euter Jaques. 
Run, take help, and ſtop the Stranger, he is now making his eſ- 
cape through the Garden; fly. [Exit Jaques, 
Love and Revenge like Vipers gnaw upon my Quiet, and I muſt 
change their Food, or leave my Being; though I cou'd bear ev'n 
the low Contempt he has thrown on me, cou'd it but woe him to 
the leaſt return of Love: but I wou'd bear again ten thouſand 
Racks, rather than confeſs this Dotage : No, if I forego a ſecond 
time that dear ſupport, my Pride, may I become as miſerable as 
that wretch, that deſtind Fool he doats on. Ha! ſhe is return'd ! 
Yonder ſhe paſſes; with what aſſur'd contentment in her Looks 
How pleas d the Thing is — ſtrangely impudent ſure / the 
ugly Creature thinks 1 won't ſtrangle her. 
Now have you brought him ? Euter Jaques. 
Jag. Madam we made what haſt we cou d, but the Gentleman 
reach'd the Mount before us, and eſcap'd over the Garden Wall. 
Lou. Eſcap'd, Villain! dareſt thou tell me ſo? 
Jag. fyour Ladiſhip had call'd a little ſooner, we had taken him. 
Who the Devil is this Stranger? [ aſide. 
Lon. Fool that I am, I betray my ſelf to my own Servants ——. 
well, 'tis no matter, bid the Bravoes ſtay, I have Directions for 
em ʒ GO. | [ Fvit Jaques, 


182 


358 Love makes a Man: Or, 
He has not leſt me hopeleſs yet; an Hour hence he has promis'd 
to be here again, and if he keeps his word (as I've an Odious 


Cauſe to fear he will) he yet at leaſt in my Revenge ſhall prove me 
Woman. Exit Lou. 


SCENE The Street. 
Euter D. Duart diſguis'd, with a Servant. 
D. D.. Where did you find him? 


Ser. Rard by, Sir, at an Houfe of Civil Recreation; he's now 
coming forth ; that's he. 


Enier Ctodio. 


D. Ds. I ſcarce remember him. I wou'd not willingly mit — 
Fl] obſerve him. 


Clo. So Now if I can but pick up an Honeſt Fellow to £73: 


| 102 

Healing Bottle, I think I ſhall finiſh the Day as {| mart 17 428 Ne f 3; 14 
Seignior — hold, let me ſee what has my ha" ty Ke \hme me 

here— umb umh.— umh [ counts his * ann „ Seven Liſtoles 


by Jupiter : why, what a plaguy Income this Jade mu aſt have in a 
Week, it ſhe's thus paid by the Hour. 
D. Du. Tis the lame; leave me. [| Exit Servant. Fug Servant, 
Sir. 

Sir Your Humble ent. 

D. Du. Bandon 2 Stranger's freedom, Sir; but when you know 
my Buſineſs — 

Clo. Sir, if you'll take a Bottle, I ſhall be 8 of your Acquain- 
tance ; and if I don't do your Buſineſs before we part, I'll knock 
under the Tee. 


D. Da. Sir, I ſhall be glad to drink with you, but at preſent am 
incapable of ſitting to't. 

Clo. Why then, Sir, you ſhall only drink as long as you an 
ſtand, we I have a Bottle here, Sir—— Hey, Madona 

| calls at the Door. 

D. Du. A very Frank humour'd Gentleman, I'll know him far- 
ther — I preſume, Sir, you are not of Portugal > 

Clo. No. Sir I ama kind ofa hat decallum a fort 
of a Here and —therian; I am a Stranger no where. 

D. Du. Have leber travell d far, Sir 2 


The Fos Fortune. „ 

Clo. My Tour of Europe, or ſo Sir — Dangled about a little; 
I camethis Summer from the Jubilee. 

D. Dy. Did you make any ftay there, Sir? | 

Clo. No, Sir, Lonly call'd in there, at the Salvation Office, juſt 
bought an Annuity of Indulgences for Life; got an Inſurance 
for my Soul; lay with a Nun, Flax'd ; and fo came home again. 

Euter Servants with ine. 

So! fo! here's the Wine / Come dir, to our better Acquain= 
tance — Faith I like you mightily — Allons ! ſhoques Baile donc! 
D oy [Kiffes, Drinks. 
Parbleu / ceſt du Bon Vin Allons encore hey“ Vive L'amour / 
[ Quand Iris, &c. Sings. N 
D. Ds. I find, Sir, you have taken a Taſte of all the Countries 
you have Travell'd ; but I preſame, your chief Amuſement has lain 
among the Ladies: You far'd well in France I hope. 

Clo. Yes faith, as far as my Pocket wou'd go: But the Devil a 
ſtroke without it: No Money, no Mademoiſelle : No Ducate, 
no Dutcheſs ; no PiſtolS no Princeſs -— By the way, let me tell 
you, Sir, your Lisbonites are held up at a pretty ſmart rate too 
I was forc'd to come down to the Tune of ſeven Piſtoles here 
A man may keep a Pad of his own, cheaper than he can ride Poſt. 
ſplit me: But, a Pox on em, it's no Wonder the Jades are fo 
ſawcy in a Country, where there are ſo many Swarms of unmar- 
ried Fryars, Monks, and Brawny Jeſuits : .The Game may well be 
ſcarce, faith, where there are ſo many Canonical Poachers e Now, 
Sir, in England, where your Gowns and Caſſocks are honeſtly 
married, the right Women are as cheap as Mackerel —— Gad, Sir, 
I have taken you a Faſting Velvet Scarf out of the Side Box there, 
and the Jade has jump'd at a Beef-ſtake and a Bottle; nay, ſome- 
times at Coach hire, and a ſingle Glaſs of Cinamon—— Seven Pi- 
ſtoles / Unconſcionabla / Odſheart, in London now for half the 
Sum a Man might have pickt up the three ſirſt Rows of the Mid- 
dle Gallery. 

D. Du. Ifind, Sir, you know England then. 

Clo. Ay, Sir, and every Woman there, that's worth knowing, 
from honeſt Betty Sands to the Counteſs of Ogletorn : Yes, Sir, I 
do know London pretty well, and the Side-box, Sir, and behind 
the Scenes, ay. and the Green Room too, and all the Girls and 
Women-Actreſſes there, Sir —— Sir I was a whole Winter there 
the particular Favourite of the Giggling Party — Come Sir, Ii 
you pleaſe, here's Miſs Kiggle's health to you, 


20 * 9A J 400 i ec there? 


( 
| 


— 


} 


| 


3 


* 


60 Love makes a Man: Or, 


Clo, Why, Sir, I fiſt introduc'd my ſelf with a ſingle Pineh of 
Bergamot z the next night I preſented em a Bq#* full next day 
came to Rehearſal; in a Week l deſit d em to ule my Name when- 
ever they pleas d for what the Chocolate houſe afforded —— up- 
on this I was choſen Valentine, if I don't miſtake, to about Ele- 
ven of em; and in three days more I think it coſt me Fifty 

Guineas in Gloves, Knots, Heads, Fans, Muffs, Coffee, Tea, Snuff- 
| boxes, Orangerie, and Chocolate. 3 
D. Du. But, pray Sir, were you as intimate at both Play-bouſes ? 
Clo. No, ſtretch'em / at the New Houſe they are ſo us'd to be 
Queens and Princeſſes, and are ſo often in their Aiirs-Royal, for- 
ſootb, that I ged / there's no reaching one of their Copper tails 
there, without a long Pole. or a Settlement; ſplit me. 
D. Du. But I wonder, Cir, that in a Country fo fam'd for Hand-. 
ſom Women, the Men are ſo generally blam d for their ſcandalous 
Uſage of em. | CO I ISIS er SD 2, 
Clio. O Damm d Scandalous, Sir — they uſe their Miſtreſſes as 
bad as their Wives, Faith: I teil you what; Sir, I new a Citizen's | 
Daughter chere, that ran away with a Lord, bo in the firſt fix 
Months of her preferment never ſtird out but the made the Ladies 
cry at her Equipage ; and about eight months after, I.think, one 
morning reeling pretty early into a certain houſe in the Savoy, i 
found the ſelf fame, caſt off, ſolitary Lady, in a Room with bare 


Walls, Dreſſing her dear, pretty Head there, in the Corner bit of 


a Looking glaſs, prudently ſupported by a Quartern-Brandy Pot 
upon the Head of an Oyſter-barre!.. | 

D. Da. 1 find few Miſtreſſes make their Fortune there: but pray, 
Sir, among all your Adventures, has no particular Ladies Merit 
encourag'd you toadvance your own by Marriage. 

Clo. Sir, f have been ſo near Marriage, that my Wedding day 
has been come, but it never was over yet; ſplit me. 

D. Du. How ſo, Sir. | 

Clo. Why the Prieſt, the Bride, and the Dinner were all ready 
dreſt, faith; but before I cou'd fall to, my Elder Brother, Sir, 
comes me in with a Damn d long ſtride and a ſharp Stomach 
ſaid a ſhort Grace, and whipp'd her up like an Oy ſter. 

D. Du. Ycu had Ill fortune, Sir. 


Clo. Sir, Fortune is not much in my Debt: for you muſt know, 


Siri tho I loſt my Wife, I have ſcap d hanging ſince here in Lisbon. 


D. Du. That I know you have: be not amaz d, Sir, 


The Fops Fortune. 61 

Clo. Hay! what the Devil have I been all this while treating an 
Officer, that has a Warrant againlt me Pray Sir, if it be no 
Offence—— may I beg the Favour to know who you are. 

D. Da. Let it ſuffice I own my ſelf your Friend I am your 
Debtor, Sir, You fought a Gentleman they call'd Don Daart—— 1 
knew him well; he was a proud inſulting Fellow, and my mortal 
Foe; but you kill'd him, and I thank you; nay, I faw you do it 
fairly too: and for the action, I deſire you will command my Sword 
or Fortune. Ws | 

Clo. Pray Sir——is there no Joke in all this? 

D. Da. There, Sir; the little All I'm maſter of, may ſerve at 
preſent to convince you of my ſincerity : I ask for no return, but 
to be inform'd how I may do you farther Service [Gives him 4 Parſe. 

Cho. Sir, your Health—— Il give you Information preſently. 

| ; 5 Drinks. 
Pray Sir do you know the Gentleman's Siſter that I My with ? 
That is, do you know what Reputation, what Fortune {he has ? 

D. Da. 1 know her Fortune to be worth above Twelve Thoy- 


ſand Piſtoles, her Reputation yet unſullied; But pray Sir why may 


you ask this? | 

Clo. Now PI! tell you, Sir. Twelve Thouſagd Piſtoles, 
you lay ! 

D. Ds. I ſpeak the leaſt, Sir. 

Clo, Why this very Lady, after T had kill'd her Brother, gave me 
the Protection of her Houſe, hid me in her Cloſet, while the Ofi- 
cers that brought in the Dead Body came to ſearch for me; and, as 
ſoon as their backs were turn'd, poor Soul! hurried me out at a 
Priyate door with Tears in her Eyes, Faith. Now, Sir, what think 
you? Is not this hint broad enough for a man to make Love upon. 

D. Da. Confuſion! 1 | 

Clo. Look you, Sir, now if you dare; give me a Proof of your 
Friendſhip: Will you do me the Favour to carry me a Letter to 
her ? 

D. Da. Let me confider, Sir Death, and Fire! is all her 
height of Sorrow bur Diſlembled then? A Proftitute eva to the 
man ſuppos'd my Murderer! It it be true, the Conſequence is ſoon 
re ſolv'd but this requires my farther ſearch· may I depend 


on this for truth, Sir ? 
Clo, Why Sir, you don't ſuppoſe d banter a Lady of her Qua- 


licy. 


D. Dæ 


— 


62 Love makes a Man: or, 
DO. Du. Damnation! Well, Sir! I'll take your Letter: but firſt 

let me be well acquainted with my Errand. 3 
Clo. Sir, I'll write this Moment; if you pleaſe, we'll Rep into 

the Houſe here, and finiſh the Buſineſs over another Bottle. 

Di. Da. With all my Heart 
Clo, Alons ! Entres. | LES, 


—— 


—— 


— —— 
— 1 * K * * 


ACT V. 


5 lvira ig Diſcovered alone in Mourning, a Lamp by her: 
Don Duart enters behind; Diſzaiſea. | 


D Da. Hus far I am paſs'd unknown to any of the Ser- 
vants now for the Proof of what I fear ha 
vonder ſhe is=— This cloſe retirement, thoſe 

ſable Colours, the ſolemn Silence that attends her, no Friends ad- 

mitted, nor ev'n the Day to viſit her: Theſe ſeem to ſpeak a real 
ſorrow ; if not, the Counterfeit is Deep indeed PI fathom 
it. Madam | | 

Elv. Who's there / another Murderer ! where are my Servants ? 
Will nothing but my ſorrows wait upon me? 

D. Da. Your pardon, Lady; I have no Evil meaning: This 

| Letter will inform you of my Buſineſs, and excuſe this Rude In- 

truſion. | : 

| Elu. For me ! whence comes it, Sir? 

D. Da. The Contents, Madam, will Explain to you She 
ſeems amaz'd !/ looks almoſt through the Letter I ſhou'd ſuſ- 
p6ct this Stranger had bely'd her, but that he gave me ſuch Con- 
vincing Circumſtances aha! ihe paulcs  's Death! a ſmile 
too I fear her now | | 

Elv. My Frayers are heard: Juſtice at length has overta'en the 
Murdercr : His vow'd Protection having been ſtrictly paid, I now 
unperjur'd may revenge my Brother's Blood. It lies on me if I 
neglect this fair Occaſion : But c ere not ſafe ro ſhow my Thought; 
therefore to be Juſt, I muſt Diſſemble. | Aſide. 
Lask your Pardon for my Rbdenes, Sir: upon your Friend's ac- 
cdunt you Might indeed have claimed a better Welcome. 

| | | | D. Da. 


The Fop's Fortune. 63 
D. Da. So ! then ſhe is Damn'd, I find (/ ie.) But I'll have more, 
and bring em face to face. My Friend, Madam, thought his Vi- 
fits wou'd be unſea ſonable, before the ſad Solemnity of your Bro- 
ther's Funeral. - = 

Elv. A needleſs Fear“ My Brother, Sir! Alas, I owe your 
Friend my Thanks for kaving eas'd our Family of fo ſcandalous 
N A Riotous Unmanner'd Fellow; I bluſh to ſpeak of 

Im. 

D. Da. O patience ! patience ! a DLAſide. 

Elv. Pray let him know his Abſence was the real Cauſe of this 
miſtaken Mourning : Tis true indeed, I give it out 'tis for my 
Brother's Death: But Women's Hearts and "Tongues, you know, 
mult not always hold alliance: you'd think us fond and forward, 
ſhou'd not we now and then Difſemble. Ts 

D. Du. How fhall T forbear her? 

Elv. I grow impatient till he's wholly mine — to Morrow; cis 
an Age; I'll make him mine to night — Pl] write to him this 
N can you have Patience, Sir, till I prepare a Letter ſor 
vou | | | 
F D. Da. You may Command me, Madam. 

. PI diſpatch immediately will you walk this way, 
Sir! 

D. Da. Madam, I wait upon you Revenge ! and Daggers 

| Tn! | [ Exenunt., 


The SCENE Louiſas Houſe : 
Louiſa, and Jaques. 


Lou. Is the Lady ſeiz'd? 

Ja. Yes, Madam, and half Dead with the Fright. | 

Lea. Let 'em be ready to produce her, as I directed: When 
the Stranger's taken, bring me immediate Notice: *tis. near his 
Time, away. : „ [Ex. Js; 
Had he not loy'd another, Methinks I cou'd have born his Uſge, 
ſate down alone, content, and found a ſecret pleaſure in Com- 
plaining : But to be {lighted for a Girl, a ſickly, poor unthinking 
Wretch, Incapable of Leve : That! that ſtabs home: *Tis Poiſon 
to my Thoughts, and (wells ?em to Revenge / my Rival! no! jhe 
{hall never Triumph“ Hark ! what noiſe / they have him ſure ! 
but now! 8 [Euter Jaques, 


Jag. 


„„ Love makes a Man: or, 
Jig. Madam, the Gentleman is taken. 
Loa, Bring hic in — Revenge I thank thee now? 


Euter Bre vo's with Carlos difarn'd. 


So, Sir ! you are return'd, it ſeems ; you can love then ! * 
have an heart, I find; tho? not for me Perhaps you came to feek 
a Worchier Miſtreſs heſe: Twou'd be uncharitable to diſappoint Le 
your Love ll help your fearch; if ſhe be here, be ſure ſhe's 
fale !-——open that Door there. | 


Enter more Bravoe's with Angelina,; an Hut ercher on hey Neck, 
which they hold ready to ſtrangle ber ber. 


"IS Sir, 1 is «this the Lady 7 

Car. My Angelina ! O 

Ang. O miſerable Meeting ! 

Loa. Now let me ſee you fmile; and Rudely throw me from 
your Arms: Now ſcorn my Love, my Perſon, and my Fortune; 
Now let your ſqueamiſh Virtue fly me as a Diſeaſe to mo- 
deſty, and tell her now your ſhameful Tale of my intempe- 
rance. | 

Car. O Cruelty of Fate! that cou'd betray ſuch Innocence ! 
Loa. What, nota word to ſoften yet thy obftinate Averſion! 
| thou wretched Fool, thus to provoke thy ruine End her. 

[70 the Bravo's. 

Car. O hold! for pity hold, and hear me. 

Lou. ve learn'd from you to uſe my Piry——Death! I cou'd 
laugh to ſce thy trange ſtupidyy of Love On one Condition 
yet ſhe lives an hour ; but if retus'd —o— 

Car. Name not a Refuſal, be it, or Danger, Death, or Tortures, 
any thing that Life can do to ſave her. 

Lon. Nay, if you are ſo over- willing, 

Car. Speak, and I obey you. 

Lou. Now then, this Moment kneel and Curſe her. 

Car. Preſerve her, Heav'n, and ſnatch her from the Jaws of 
- Gaping Danger (kneeling O may the Watchful Eye of Providence, 
| that never ſleeps o're Innocence Diftreſsd, look nearly to her; or 
if ſome Miracle alone can ſave her, the ever-waking Sun in his E- 
ern Progreſs never ſaw. ſo fair an Object to employ it on. 


? 


The Fop's Fortune, „ - 
Lou. Preſuming Fool ! were I inclin'd to fave her Life (which 
by my Hopes of Peace I do not mean) canſt thou believe this 
Inſolent concern for her tomy Face wou'd not provoke my Ven- 
eance. | 
Car, Yet hold ! Forgive my Raſhneſs, I was to blame indeed : 
But Paſſion has tranſported both of us: Love made me as Heed- 
lets of her Safety, as wild Revenge has you ev'n of your neglected 
Soul. | 
Loa. What, doeſt thou think ro preach me from my Pur- 
ole? - | 
5 Car. That were too vain an Hope; tho? Pve a pitecus Cauſe 
that might beſpeak, without a Tongue, the Mercy of a Human 
heart: But if Revenge alone can fate your Fury, at leaſt miſ- 
place it not; Mine was th' Offence, be miue the Puniſhment, but 
ſpare the Innocent, that Gentle Maid; ſhe ne'er intended: Yet 
a Thought againſt your Peace, I have deſerv'd your Anger, nay, 
and juſtly too: For, I confeſs, I ought to have given you a milder 
Treatment : But, to atone the Crime, rip up my Breaſt, and in 
as Heart you'll read the unhappy Cauſe of my Neglect and Rude- 
neſs. - 6 
Lou. How he diſarms my Anger / But, muſt my Rival Tri- 
umph then? 5 
Ang. Charge me not with ſuch abhort'd Ingratitude; be Wit. 
neſs, Heav'n, I'll for ever ſerve you, Court you, and Confeſs you 
my Preſerver ! | | | 
Car. For Pity yet reſolve, and force your Temper to a Mo- 
ment's Pauſe: Do not Debaſe your Generous Revenge with 
Cruelty ; That every Common Wreteh can take, the favage 
Brutes can ſuck their Fellow-Creatures Blood, and tear their 
Bodies down : But Greater Human Souls have more of. Pride to 
curb, and bow the ſtubborn Mind of what they hate ; and ſuch 
Revenge, the Nohler far, I offer now to you: See at your Feet 
my humbled Scorn imploring, cruſht, and proſtrate, like a vile 
Slave, that falls below your laſt Contempt, and Tremb ling begs 
{or Mercy. 5 
Lox. He buries my Revenge in Bluſhes. 
Ang. O Generous Proof of the moſt Faithful Love ! 
Car. Think what a Glorious Triumph it wov'd be, that when 
your ſwoll'n Reſentment, wild Revenge and Indignation, all 
{tood ready, waiting for tha Word, you calld your Forceful Rea- 
fon to your Aid reſolv'd, and took that Tyrant Paſhon Captive 


to 


66 Lane makes a Man: Or, 


to your Genile Pity: O! twere ſuch a God-like Inſtance of your 


Virtue, as might atone, if poſſible, ev'n Crimes to come: Re- 
venge, like this, can never give you that Continued Peace of 


Mind which Mercy may; . Compaſſion has a thouſand ſecret 


Charms: Think you *wwere no Delight of Thought to heal the 
Wounds of — Lovers, to make two poor afflicted Wret- 
ches happy, whoſe 


Were it no ſoothing Joy, no ſecret Pride, to raiſe em from the 


igheſt Crime is loving well, and faithfully ? 


laſt Deſpair, to Hope? to Liſe and Love reſtor'd? Now on my 
Heart I read a ſtruggling Pity in your Eye! O cheriſh it, and 
ſpare our Innocence! Perhaps the ſtory of our Chaſt Affections, 


once compleat, may live a fair Example to ſucceeding Times; for 
which Poſterity ſhall ſtand indebted to your Virtue, © 


Lou. Releaſe the Lady Go. ' Exeunt Bra vo's. 


And now farewel my Follies, and my miſtaken Love: For, I 


confeſs, the fair Example of your Mutual Faith, your Tender- 
neſs, Humility and Tears have quite ſubdued my Soul, at once 
have Conquer'd and Reform'd me: O] you have given me ſuch 

an Image of the Contentful Peace, th' unſhaken Quiet of an 
honeſt Mind, that now I taſt more ſolid joy, being but the In- 


ſtrument of your United Virtuous Love, than all my late falſe 


Hopes propos'd, ev n in the laſt Indulgence of Bliud deſire: Now 


Love long, and happily ; Forgive my Folie yz, and you have 


over paid me. I oins their Hands, 
Car. O Providential Care of Innocence Dlftrets?d ! 


Ang. O Miracle of Rewarded Love ! 1 * | 
Car, What ſhall I ſay? I ſcarce have yet the Power of 
Thought amidſt this Hurry of Tranſporting Joy! My Angelina! 
do I then live to hold thee thus? O! I have a Thouſand things 


to ſay, to ask, to weep, and hear of thee But firſt let's kneel, 
and pay our Thanks to Heav'n, and this our kind Preſerver; 


to whoſe molt happy Change we owe ev'n all our Life's to come 
in Cheerful Gratitude can pay. 


Lon. Nay, now you give me a Confuſion [Raiſes em.] But if” 
you yet dare truſt me with the Story of your Love's Diſtreſs: 


Far as my Fortune can, command, it freely, ro ſupply your 


Frefent wants, or any Future means propos'd to give you laſting, 


Happineſs. 


: 5 8 
The Fop Fortune. 6 
Car. Eternal Rounds of never-ending Peace reward your 
Wond*rous Bounty : and when you know the Story of our For- 
tune, as we {hall ſoon find due Occaſion to relate it; we cannot doubt 
*twWill both deſerve your Pity and A ſſiſtance— But I have been 
too buſy 1a my Joy, almoſt had forgot my Friendly Uncle, the 
Ancient Gentleman that firſt came hither with me: How have 
you diſpos'd him? 
Lou. I think he's here, and ſafe— who waits there ? 
Enter Jaques. 
Releaſe the Gentleman above, and tell him that his Friends deſite 
him. | | [Exit Jaques. 
Yow'l Pardon, Sir, the Treatment I have ſhown him; he made a 
little too merry with my Felly, which I confeſs at that time ſome- 
thing too far incens'd me. | - 
Car. He's Old and Cheerful, apt to ba free; but he'll be ſorry 
where his humour gives Offence, | | 


| Enter Don Lewis; Jaques bowing to him. 


D. Lew. Prithee, Honeſt Dumb! don't be fo Ceremonious ! A 
Pox on thee, I tell thee it's very well as it is (only my Jaws ake a 
little:) But as long as we're all Friends, it's no great Matter 
My Dear Charles! I muſt buſs thee, faith! Madam, your 
humble Servant beg your Pardon, do you feem—you un- 
derſtand me. 5 [Ex, Jaques. 

Lou. 1 hope we are friends, Sir. 

VL. Lew. I hope weare, Madam l am an Honeſt Old Fellow, 
faith; tho? gow and then Iam a little Odd too. 

Car. Here's a Stranger, Uncle, | 

LD. Lem. What, my little Bloſſom! my Gilliflower! my Roſe! 
my Piak ! my Tulip! Faich I mult ſmell thee [ſalutes Ang.] Od! 
{he's a Delicate Noſegay / I muſt have her touz'd a littleę 
Charles! you muſt gather to night; Ican ſtay no longer — Well, 
faith! I am heartily Joy'd to ſce thee, Child. 8 

Arg. I thank you, Sir, and wiſh I may deſerve your Love : One 
Fortune once again is kind; but how it comes about—— _ 

D. Lew. Docs not ſignify Three-pence ; when Fortuns pays me 
a Viſit, I ſeldom trouble my (elf to know which way ſhe came. 
I tx] you am glad to ſee you. 8 "7M 9 


Enter 


: Matter: Iwilh you, tho' Ican'c join you together for my Friend 


68 Love males a Man: or, 
Euter Jaques. | | 


Je. Madam, here's the Lord Governor come to wait upon yout 


Ladyſhip. : 


Log. At this late hour | What can his Buſineſs be ; deſire his 
Lordſhip.to walk in. 


Enter Governor. 


Gov. Pardon, Madam, this Unſeaſonable Viſit. 
Lou. Your Lordſhip does me Honour. 
Gov. At leaſt, I hope, my Buſineſs will Excuſe it: ſome Strangers 


here below, upon their Offer'd Oaths, demanded my Authority to 


{earch your houſe for a loſt young Lady; to whom the one of em af. 


firms himſelf the Father: But the Reſpe& I owe your Ladiſhip, made 


me refuſe their ſearch till T had ſpoken with you. 
Ang. It muſt be they —— Now, Madam, your Protection, or we 


yet are loſt. 


Lou. Be not concern'd! wou'd you avoid em? 8 
Cor. No: we muſt be found, let em have Entrance; we have an 


honeſt Cauſe, aad would provoke its Tryal. 


Low. Conduct the Gentlemen without. Exit. Jaques. 


My Lord, I'll anfwer for their Honeſty ; and as they are Strangers, 
Where the Law's ſevere, mult beg you'd favour and aſſiſt em. 


Gov. You may Command me, Madam; tho? there's no great 
fear : for having heard the moſt that they cou'd urge againſt *em, I 
found in their Complaints more of Spleen and Humour, than any 
Juſt Appearance of a Real Injury. . 


Enter D. Manuel, Charino, Antonio, aud Clodio. 


Cha. VII have Juſtice. _ 
Ant. Don't be too hot, Brother. 

The. Sir, I demand Juſtice, 

D. Ma. That's the Lady, Sir, I told you of. 

Clo. Ah! that's ſhe, my Lord, I am witneſs. 

Car. My Father! Sir, your Pardon, and your Blefling. 

Ant. Why truly, Charles, I begin to be a little reconcil'd to the 


The Fops Fortune, 69 
and Brother here is very Obſtinate, and will admit of noSatisfaQ ion: 
But however, Heaven bleſs you, in ſpite of his Tecth. 

Cha. This is all Contrivance! Roguery! JI am abus'd! I fay de- 
liver my Davghter—ſhe is an Heireſs, Sir; and to detain her is & 
Rape in Law, Sir; and a Rape and Law, Sir, are Death and the 

Devil, and Tl have you all Hang'd : Therefore no more Dela: s, 

Sir: For I tell you before-hand, 1 am a Wiſe man, and 'tis impoili- 
ble to trick me. Ws 5 | 
Ant. I ſay you are too Poſitive, Brother; and when yeu learn 
more Wiſdom, you'll have ſome. | 

Cha. I ſay, Brother, this is meer Malice, when you know in your 
own Conſcience I have ten times your Underſtanding: For you ice 
Pm quite of another Opinion. And ſo once more, my Lord, I 
demand Juſtice againſt that Raviſher. 

Gov. Does your vg pt Sir, complain of any Violence ? 

Cha. Your Lordſhip knows young Girls never Complain when 
the Violence is over; he has taught her better, I ſuppoſc. 

Ang. (To Cha, kneelizg.) Sir, you are my Father, bred me, 
cheriſh'd me, gave me my affections, taught me to keep m hi- 
therto within the Bounds of Honour, and of Virtue; let me con- 
jure you (by the chaſt Love my Mother bore you, when ſhe pre- 
{err'd, to her Miſtaken Parents Choice, her being yours without a 
a Dower) not to beitow my Perſon, where thoſe Affections nere 
can follow I cannot love that Gentleman more than a Siſter 
ought: But here my heart's ſubdued cva to the laft Compliance 
with my Fortune He, Sir, has nobly wWwoed, and won me; and! 
am only his, or miſerable. | 

Che, Get up again. 

Gov. Come, Sir, be perſuaded: Your Daughter has made an 
Honourable and Happy Choice: This ſeverity will but expoſe your 
ſelf and her. | - 

Cha, My Lord, I don't want advice, Ill conſider with my ſell, 

and reſolve upon my own Opinion, 


8 Enter Jaques. 
Jag. My Lord, here's a ſtranger without, enquires for your Lord- 
ip, and tor a Gentleman that calls himſelf Ciodio. 
Clo, Hay! Ah monChere Amy! [Euter Don Duart 4% Ad. 
Well, what News, my Dear, has ſhe anſwer'd my Letter? 
7 K D. Du. 


70 Love makes a Man: or, 

D. Dx. There, Sir This to your Lordſhip. 85 

| [. Gives hima Letter, anawhiſpers, 

Gov, Married to Night! and to this Gentleman, ſayſt thou? 
I'm amaz'd. é | 

D. Da. He is her Choice, my Lord. 

Clo. (Reading the Letter —Um—um---Charms—lIrrefittible, —ex- 
cuſe— {o {oon——Paſſion—Bluſhe —Tonfent—Provifion—Child- 
ren Zettlement Marriage — If this is not Plain, the Devils in't 


hold, here's more, fauh [ Reads to himſelf. 
D. Ma. How ſhall I requite this Goodnels ? II Louiſa. 


Lou. I owe you more than I have leiſure now to pay: Preſs me 
not too far, leſt I ſhou'd offer more than you are willing to receive: 


Favours, when long withheld, ſometimes grow Taſtleſs ; over-faft- 


ing often Palls the Appetite, Th 
D. Ma, The Appetite of Love, like mine, can never Dye; it 
wou'd be ever Taſting and Unfated. [They ſeem to talk apart. 
Gov. Tis very {ſudden—but give my Service, P!] wait upon her. 
C!o. Ha ! ha! ha! Poor Soul! Pl be with her preſently : and, 
faith, fince I have made my own Fortune, Pli ev'n patch up my 
Brother's too. Hark you, my Dear Dad that ſhou'd ha? been 
This Buſineſ is all at an End for look you, I find your Daugh- 
ter's engag'd; and, to tell you truth, fo am I faith? If my Brother 
has a mind to marry her let him; for I ſhall not, ſplit me 
And now, Gentlemen and Ladies, if you will do me the Honour 
to grace mine, and the Lady Elvira's Wedding, ſuch homely En- 
tertainment as my poor Houſe affords, you {hall be all heartily Wel- 
come to. 4 Hh : 
D. Lew. Thy houſe ! ha! ha ! Well ſaid, Puppy! 
Clo, Hah ! Old Tefty ! 
Ch. What doeſt thou mean, man: | [T9 Clo. 
Gov. Tis ev'n ſo, I can aſſure you, Sir: I have my ſelf an In- 
vitation from the Lady's own hand, that confirms it: I know her 
Fortune well, and am ſurpriz'd at it. 
Ang. Bleſt news? This ſeems a ferward ſtep to reconcile us all. 
- Cha, It this be true, my Lord, I have been thinking to no Pur- 
poſe: my deſign's all broke to pieces. - 
Aut, Come, Brother, we'll mend it as well as we can; and ſince 
that young Rogue has rudely tueg'd tat upon your Daughter, Il 
61 ap the Blank with Charles Name, and let the reſt of the Settle- 
ment itand as it Was. | | 


%*% 


| 
: 
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 


— 
0 


—̃ — 


5 ves ee 


«+ "<4. 122232 


The Fop's Fortuns. 71 
Ch. Hold, I'll firſt ſee this Wedding, and then give you my 
Final Reſolution. | T 
Clo, Come, Ladies, if you pleaſe, my Friend will ſhow you. 
Lou. Sir, we Wait upon you, _ EY 
Cha, This Wedding's an odd thing 
D. Lew. Ha! ha! If it ſhould be a Lye now [Exeunt, 


The SCEN E Changes 70 Elvira's Apartment. 
Elvira alone with Clolio's Letter in her hand. 


Eu. At how ſevere a Price do Women purchaſe an Unſpotted 
Fame? When ev'n the Juſteſt Title can't aſſure Poſſeſſion : When 
we Reflect upon the Inſolent and Daily wrongs, which Men, and 
Scandal, throw upon our Actions, *twere enough to make a modeit 
Mind deſpair: It we are fair, and chaſt, we are proud; if free, 
we are wanton; cold, we are cunning, and if kind, forſaken : 
Nothing we do, or think on, be the motive ne'er ſo juſt, or gene- 
rous, but ſtill the malice, or the guilt of men interprets to our 
ſhame: Why ſhowd this Stranger elſe, this wretched Stranger, 
whoſe forfeit LifeI raſhly ſav'd, preſume from that miſtaken Cha- 
rity to tempt me with encourag'd Love ? [Enter 4 Servnt. 
Hark ! what Muſick's that? [La Flouriſb] 

Ser. Madam, the Gentlemen are come. 

Elv. Tis well; Arc the Officers ready? 

Ser. Yes, Madam, and know your Ladiſhip's Orders. 

Elv. Conduct the Company. Now Juſtice ſhall uncloud my 
Fame, and fee my Brother's Death reveng'd. 


Enter Haut oys playing, Clodio finging : D. Duart, Gov. D. Man. Lou. 
Car. Ang. Ant. Charino, aud D. Lewis. 

Clo, Well, Madam, you fee I'm punctual you've nick'd 
your Man, Faith, Pm always critical=—to a minute, you'll ne- 
ver ſtay for me. Ladies, and Gentlemen, I deſire youll do me the 
Honour of being better acquainted here - my Lord 
Gov. Give you Joy, Madam. | | | 

Clo. Nay, Madam, I have brought you ſome near Relaticns of 
my own t00—— This Don Antonio, who will ſhortly have the Hon- 
our tocall you Daughter. 5 

Aut. The Young Rouge has made a pretty choice, Faith. 


K 2 U 


242 1 nate a 1 Man: Or, 
| Clo. This Don Charino, who Was 3 having the Hanour of 
calling me Son. This my Elder: Beöbfier an "his my Noble 


Uncle, Don C bench — r ae 10 it 10 
D. Lew. Puppy.“ 


(Id. Pecviſh, "NC 
D. Lew. Madam, I with you Joy aiich all my heart; but Sg 1 
can't much adviſe you to marry t his Gentleman, becauſe in a day 
or two you'll really find him extreamly ſhocking £. L thoſe that know 


him, generally give him the Title of Do Diſmatlo, Thickskallo de 
Tlalfn it to. : 


Clo. Well ſaid Nunkle, ha; ha. | #- | 
D. Du. Are you provided of a Prieſt, Sir ?: | 
Clo. Ay, ay, Pox on him, wou'd he were come rhc?. 


D. Du, So wou'd J, I want the Cue to act this Juſtice on my 
Honour. 


Vet I cannot read the Folly in her Looks. [ Aſia. 
Gov. Lou have ſurpriz'd us, Madam, by this ſudden Mar- 
riage.. | 
Blu, EF may yet ſurprize you more, my Lord. 
D. Da. Sir, Don't you think your Br ide looks melancholly ? 
Clo. Ay poor Fool / ſhe's modeſt—— but J have a cure for at 
well, my Princeſs ; why that demure Look now ? 
Elv. I was thinking Sir —— 
Co. I know what you think of You don't think at all. 
'You don't know what to think You neither: ſee, hear, feel, 


ſmell, nor taſte; you han't the right uſe of one of your Senfes— 
in ſhort, you have! it. 


Now my Princeſs, have not I nickt it ? 
Elv. J am ſorry, Sir, you know {o\little of your A or me. 


— 


Enter 4 1 

Ser. Madam, The Prieſt is come. 

Elv. Let him wait, we've no occaſion yet 
— ſeize him 

[Severat. Officers raſh in, who ſeize Clodio, and bind him 
D. Du. Ha! 
Gov. What Can this mean? | 
Clo. Gats me! What is my Dear ia her Frolicks already? 


Elxv. And now, My Lord, your Juſtice on that Murtherer. 
Gev. How, Madam. 


— within there: 


— 


FO Cho. 


— 


The Fop's Fortune: - 73 

Clo. That Bitch my Fortune! 

D. Lew. Madam, upon my Knecs, I beg you, don't carry the 
Jeſt too ſar, but if there be any real hopes of his having zn Halter, 
leis know it in three words, that I may be ſure at once ſor every 
that no carthly thing but a Reprieve can ſave him. | | 
A. Ge : [Apart toElvy 

Ant. Pray, Madam, who accuſes him? Th 

Elv. His own Confeſſion, Sir. 

Cha. Of Murther, ſay you, Madam! 

Ev. The Murther cf my Brother. 

Gov. Where was this Confeſſion made? | 
_ Elv. After the Fact was done, my Lord, this Man purſued by 
Juſtice, took ſhelter here, and trembling, begg'd of me for my pro- 
tection ; he ſeem'd indeed a Stranger, and his Complaints fo piti- 
ful, that I, little ſuſpicious of my Brother's Death, promis'd by a 
raſh and ſolemn Vow,I wou'd conceal him: Which Vow Heav'n 
camwitneſs with what diſtraction in my Thoughts I ſtrictly kept 
and paid; but he, alas“ miſtaking this my Hoſpitable Charity 
tor the Effects of a moſt Vile Prepoſterous Love, proceeds upon 
his Error, and in this Letter here addreſſes me for Marriage; which, 
I once having paid my Vow, anſwer'd in ſuch prevailing terms, 
upon his Folly, as now have, unprotected, drawn him into the 
Hands of. Juſtice. | | 

D. Da. She is innocent, and well has diſappointed my Re- 
venge. | [ Afrae. 
: 8 So, now I am a little eaſy=—— the Puppy will be 
ang'd. | 

Gov. Give me leave, Madam, to ask you yet ſome farther 
Queſtions. a 

Clo, Ay —— I! ſhall be hang'd, I believe. | 

Cha. Nay then, tis time to take care of my Daughter; for I 
am now convinc'd that my Friend Clogy is diſpos'd of——and fo, 
without Compliment, do you ſee Children Heav'n bleſs you 
together. [Joixs Car, and Ang. Hands: 

Car, This, Sir, is a time unfit to thank you as we ought. 

Ant. Well Brother, Ithank you however-; Charles is an Honeſt 


Lad, and will deſerve her; but poor C/ody's Ill Fortune I cov? 
never ha ve ſulpcQed. ey 


D. Lew. 


74 Loe makes a Man : or, 

D. Lew. Why you wou'd be poſitive, tho? you know, Brother, 
Falways told you, Diſmall wou'd be hang'd 
him a little, becauſe the Dog has been pert with me-- ———(ogy ! 
{How do'ſt thou do? Ha! why you are tied ! 

Co. I hate this Old Fellow, Split me. 


Di. Lew. Thou haſt really made a Damn'd Blunder here, Child, 


to invite ſo many People toa Marriage Knot, and inſtead of that 
It's like to be one under the left Ear. a at | 
Cds. I'd fain have him Dye. PN "LA 
D. Lew. Well my dear I'll provide for thy going off however: let 
me ſee ! you'll only have occaſion for a Noſegay, a pair of White 
Gloves, and a Coffin: look you, take you no care about the Sur- 
geons, youſhall not be Anatomiz*d—P'll get the Body off with a wet 
Finger, 
/- C/o. O Rot him, Ican't bear this. 
D. Lew, Well I won't trouble thee no more now Child, if I 
am not engag'd I don't know but I may come to the Tree, and 
Bing a Stave or two with thee Nay I'll riſe on purpoſe —— 
ho you will hardly Suffer before Twelve a Clock neither ay 
juſt about Twelve about Twelve you'll be Turn'd off 

Clo, O Curſe conſume him. TEE 
Gov. I am Convinc'd, Madam, the Fact appears too plain. 
D. Lew. Yes, yes he'll ſuffer. L Aue. 
Gov. What ſays the Gentleman, do you confeſs the Fact, Sir? 
Clo. Will it do me any Good, my Lord? 
Gov. Perhaps it may, If yoii can prove it was not done in Ma- 
ice. 
Co. Why then to confels the Truth my Lord, I did Pink him, 
and Iam forry for*t ; but it was none of my Fault, Split me. 
» Elv. Now my Lord, your Juſtice. 

D. Ds. Hold, Madam, that remains in me to give: For know, 
your Brother Lives, aud Happy in the Proof of ſuch a Siiter's 


Virtue. [ Diſcovers himſelf. 
Elv. My Brother! Olet my Wonder ſpeak my Joy ! 
Clo. Hay! = _[Clodio, and his Frienas, ſeem Surpriz'd, 


Recovery ? 

D. Da. My Body's Health the Surgeon has reſtor'd: but here's 
the true Phyſician of my Mind: The hot diſtemper'd Blood, 
which lately render'd me offenſive to Mankind, his Juſt reſenting 
Sword let forth, which gave me lei ure to Reflect upon my Follies 
elle tien Beer 2 


I muſt plague 


Tho methinks I'd fain ſee the Inſide of the Puppy too. 


Gov. Den. Duart! Living and Well! how came this ſtrange 


| 
' 
> 
. 
| 
| 


r 


+ 
N WET ——— 


. e 
. / 


* 
— Abe Mt. ,4 poo IT ia 


+ 
. cr m——_— 


The Fop's Fortune. 75 
Elv. This is indeed an Happy Change. 5 

Gov. Releaſe the Gentleman. | 

Clo. Here Teſty, prithee do ſo much as untye this a little. 

D. Lew. Why ſo I will Sirrah, I find thou haſt done a Mettled 
thing, and I don't know whether it's worth my while to be Shock'd 
at thee any longer. .'- © © 

Ely. I ask your Pardon for the Wrong I have done you Sir, 
and Bluſh to think how much I owe you for a Brother thus Re- 
ſtor'd. | | 

Clo, Madam, your yery humble Servant, it's mighty well as 
It 18. N 


D. Da. We are indeed his Debtors both; and Siſter there's but 


one way now of being Grateful: For my fake give him ſuch returns 


of Love, as he may yet think firto Ask, or you with Modeſty can 
Anſwer. | . 

Clo. Sir I thank you, and when you don't think ic Impudence in 
me to wiſh my ſelf well with your Siſter, I ſhall beg leave to make 
uſe of your Friendſhip. | 

D. Da. This Modeſty Commends you, Sir. | 

Ant. Sir, you have Propos'd like « Man of Honour; and if the 
Lady can but like of it, {he ſhall find thoſe among us, that will 
make him up a Fortune to deſerve ger. | 

Car. I wiſh my Brother well, and as I once offer'd him to di- 
vide my Birth- right, Pm ready ſtill to put my Words into Per- 
formance. 

D. Lew. Nay then, ſince I find the Rogue's no longer like to 
be an Enemy to Charles, as far as a few Acres go, Pll be his Friend 


tOO. 


D. Du. Siſter. J 
El. This is no Trifle, Brother; allow me a convenient time to 
Think, and if the Gentleman continues to deſerve your Friendſhip, 
he ſhal! not much complain I am his Enemy. 

D. Lew. So! now it will bea Wedding again, Faith, 

D. Ma. And if this kind Example cou'd prevail on you. 


Lou. It it cou'd not, your Merit has ſufficient Power: From this 
Moment I am Yours for ever. 


D. Ma. Which way ſhall T be Grateful? 
Clo. Nay then, ſtrike up again Boys——and with the Ladies 
leave, II make bold to lead em up a Dance alas Mode I Angleterre, 
„ | [They Dance. 
bravely done of all fides: and now Charles 


we'll even Toſt our Noſes over a Chirping Bottle, and Laugh at 
our paſt Fortune. £ 
Car. Come my Angelling ; | 
Our Bark at length has found a Quiet Harbour, 
And the Diftreſsful Voyage of our Loves 
Ends not alone in Safety but Reward : 
Now we Unlade qur Fraight of Happineſs, 
Of which fram.theealone my Share's Deriv'd : 
Por all my Former ſearch in deep Philoſophy, 
Not knowing Thee, was a meer Dream of Life: 
But Love in one ſoft, Moment Taught me more 
Than all the Volumes of the Learn'd cou'd reach, 
Gave me the Proof when Natures Birth began, 
To what Great End th? Eternal Form'd a Man. 


