Theatre Royal in Drury Lane,

Acted at the

His MAJESTYs Servants.

F'S " r

Written h C. Cibber.

Interdum tollit Comadia Vocem. Hor. *

Printed for Richard Parker at the Unicorn in the Piazzas under
the Royal Exchange, Hugh Newman at the Grashopper in the

Poultry, and E. Rumbal at the Post-house in Russel-street,
Copent Garden, 1701.

Antonio

and Fe Old Gentlemen. 5

Charino

Don Lemis, Unkle, and near Friend to Carlos.

Carlos, a Student, 5
Clodio, a pert Coxcomb, 5

Sancho, Serv ant to Carlos.

Sons to Antonio

Monsicar, Valet to Clodio.

Governour of Lisbon.

Don Duart, his N ephew.

Don Manuel a Sea-Offiicex in love with Louisa.

dngellina, Daughter to Charino.
Lonisa, a Lady of Quality and Pleasure.
Elvira, Sister to Don Duart.

Honoria, Cousin to Louisa.

Mr. Bullock.
Mr. Cross.

to * * * * F * Wh? 9 Lo *. 4 :
4 ( : * 42 I f ? 4
E p 0 . i 1 PIERS Lu 4
v : : & R 1 * ,
1 * . 5 % ke, 2 r
+... BO e | j by K
1 L F< = * 1 6 6 E 4

Mr. Penkethman.

Mr. Wilks.
Mr. Cibber.

Mr. N orris.

Mr. Simpson.
Mr. Mills.
Mr. Toms.

Mrs. Temple.

Mrs, Verbruggen.

Mrs. Knight.
Mrs. Moor.

Priest, Officers, and Servants.

„ oF Of ninth 3
Sir WILLLAM BROWNLOVWE, Bar.

T Is not, Sir, my bare concern for this Play alone, that has
encourag'd me to this Addrels : But likewise the Complaints,
and Hardships of the Stage in general. Poetry, of which I may
venture to say, the Dramatick is the most useful Part, never had
more need of able Friends, than now: And while I take my shelter
here with You, *tis not so much in Terror of the Criticks (whom
tho? I shou'd be glad this Play cou'd please, yet if it does not, 1
must still beg their Pardon, and leave to be satisfied with its success
tho* unmerited.) I lay not so much in fear of an ill-natur'd
pit, as the formidable Zeal of a Presenting Mzdalesex Jury: Men
of Right Worshipful, and petitioning Principles, that wou'd Reform,
and Level most things, but the Price of their own Commodities;
so down with the Play-Bills, among the rest our FalPs decreed :
For, alas! we are of no more use to Mens Manners, than a Steeple
is to Religion, an Army to Peace, or to the Publick the Year's Perquisites
of a Lord Mayors Office.

Avarice, Hypocrifie, and Ignorance have thrown off their short
Cloaks, spit in their Paws, and are every one resolv*d to have a blow
at the root of the Bay-Tree, and when it's down, like Brethren,
they are to share it among em: Ignorance is to carry home the
Stem, and lay it on for a Billet, Eypocri sie, and Avarice to make a
lawful Penny of the Branches, among the sinful, to adorn the prophane
Windows of their Babhlonian Idol Christmas ; But this we are
not to wonder at ; For there are among us a sort of Gentlemen, that
have been us d to Lopping, that know how to handle an Axe, and 1
think the last time they pulPd down the Stage in the City, they ser
up a Scaffold at Court ; perhaps they are not now the less our Enemies,
because the King's Authority supports us. |

A reasonable Stranger here wow'd be apt to imagine from their violent,
and open Prosecution, that we of course mult have no Licence,
and that certainly nothing but the King's Patent cou'd protect so many
lew'd, notorious, publick, and private Houses in, and about

A 2 1 the

poet

o 4 F * „ , —_ : .
if = . AL 2 - - . - v p, C - . baths 3 hg q *

- 4 ” F: > - . N , - 1 2 . N 23 2 _L eh

nan _ „ as. . h 7 . — 5 7 N
: — / —_ : els —
& . as - —— ' VI 4 1
. . > ES. Uh

the City: Now whether such Houses are by them Tollerated to

shew their Power only, or the waggishness of their Taclinations, is of
no great moment to determine. _ e 5
ut methinks if those Places, and some few other Dealings, were
first a little better regulated, it wowd appear less rash in em than
{hou'd they in a full Body knock at every door in the City to enquire
for some wise, and honest Man, to know of him after all, if we really
were are a Nasance, or not, and whether they, and their Children

ought not to be frighted at Musick, and Bears, and Bulls, and Play.

bating ? Or if such a Person shou'd not easily be found, Mr. C-— 7

wou'd be as able to resolve em in a moment, and be ready with a
second Indictment against us, before they cou'd tell him cut fifty
pound for his Labour: This now, in my thoughts wowd be abundance
more Just, and Methodical: But they will have every thing

their own way, and so let *em ; to offer *emadvice is encroaching upon

their Liberty of playing the Fool.

But suppose the Stage may have taken too loose a Liberty? is there

nothing to be said for it? Have not all Sciences been guilty. ? Was it
to be expected in a Reign of Pleasure, Peace, and Madness, that the
Poets shou'd not be merry? Did not the Court then lead up the
Dance? And did hetthe whole Nation joyn in it? Was it not a

meer Joan Saunderson, and did not the Lawn-sleeves, Coiffs, and

Cassocks fill up the measure ? But since those Dancing days are over,
I hope our Enemies will give us leave to grow wile, and sober, as
well as the rest of our Neighbours : Why hall not we have the liberty
to reform, as well as the Clergy, and Lawyers? I believe
upon a fair Examination we may find, that Prophaneness, Cruel.
ty, and Passive Obedience, are now less than ever the busiuess of
the Stage, the Bench, or the Pulpit ; and I doubt not, but we can
produce Examples of some new Plays, Lawyers, and Pastors that
have met with success without being oblig'd to Immorality, Bribery,
or Politicks, and I dare offer this Piay as one of the Numdber.

Nou if the Stage mult needs down, because *tis possible it may
Seduce, as well as Instruct; the same rule of policy might forbid
the use of Physick, because not only their Patients, bur. Physicians
themsclves die of common Diseases ; or call in the milPd Crowns, because

they are but so many Patterns for Coyners to counterfeit by,

or might as well suppress the Courts of Judicature, because some Perbons

have suffer'd for what a succeeding Reign has made a new

2 wy — b_ — eo, oa — — pM —

MY 2D” Firm Fw 2

Ly „ >. " d » a 9 1 [1 = 120 . * — = . **
4 f * 1 — . — x 8.
b 2 The De Alcatlion: ; 888
1 > . « : : : - $ 4 K a

zw, to make that Law that sentenc'd 'em Illegal- The fame -

Conclusion might discountenance our Religion, because we some»

times find Pride, Hy pocrisie, Avarice, and Ignorance in its Teach.

ers: So that if our zealous Reformers do but stick fairly to their

method we may in time hope to see our Nation flourish without

either Wit, Health, Mony, Law, Conscience, or Religion.

But this fort of Reformation I hope will never be throughly

wrought, while the King, and the, Eitablishe Church have any

Friends : The Stage Pm sure was never heartily opprels*d but by the

Enemies of both, and it has been always observable, that they WhO

can't endure a Prince on the Theatre, have not been very apt to like
him on the Throne. So that at worst our comfort is, that when we

can't be quietly Players, we still dare (as some of our Predecessors
did) stir, and be Loyal.

its own Troub&; tho' I am in hopes all I have said won't be thought
so, because I know you are so much a Favourer of the Muses, as
not to be displeas'd when they are able to {peak for themselves :

But, Sir, I trespass too long upon your
patience, as *tis the misfortune of an obliging temper to encourage

Tis no little Pride to us, that we have yet men of your Integrity,

and. Honour, inclin'd, and able to support us: The reas@MKblenel5 ok
Fortune

your Temper gives you Inclination, and the plenty of y
Power ; both which together have fixt you in a lasting taste of happiness,
tho? perhaps you owe more of it to your Conduct than your
Fortune. The gifts of Fortune are but the Instruments of being

happy, and *cis our knowledge in the use of em only makes us so « -
How far that knowledge contributed to your mutual Rounds of Peace
and Joy, the many never dying Virtues of your first happy choice

in Love, will stand a memorable and-uacquall'd proof to Ages.
And while we daily see so many people in their own Coaches, whose
Prosuseness, Pride, Satiety, and Sloth renders em contemptibly

wretched ;-»we may reasonably conclude, that to know how to be
Happy is (perhaps the most difficult, but) certainly the most useful

Wisdom in the World, yet, Sir, you I dare pronounce are happy.

Happy in your Principles, your choice of Friends, and Pleasurzsx
The first have taught you to be Just, ' Obliging, Grateful, and 2.

Friend, cautious in your Credit, and punQual to your Word, because

you knew you had a priviledge to break it: Happy in your

Friends, because you have made their Interests your own, and find,

that they have Faith, and Power, to secure, and to return your ..

wh |. The Dedication.

Inclination: Your Pleasures are but few, because they are Great

and the greater because 'they can admit no Partner: Those of , ;
Young, a Fair, and Virtuous Bride, from the early Instances 9f

"2 -whose Prudent, and Obliging Conduct we may modestly conclude l

9 that the chaste Breath of her admir'd Example may in time blow

WW . off the disgraceful Dust, which Libertinism has thrown upon the

1 sacred Head of Marriage, and restore it to its rightful Power of

8 Dispensing among Mankind the most secure, and solid happineß &

1 of Life; That yours may long and mutually continue, is the on. Ml

5 ly addition it can receive from Fortune, or the most devoted Ml *

wishes of | | -
51 E Your most Obligza, It
n | and most Humble Servant, I
Z Colley Cibler. .

ö F the Reader will please to look over Fletcher*s Elder Brother, and N

YH his Custom of the Country, he may be satisfied how far I am cd. WM},
[ lig'd to those two Plays for part of this. y L.

POPE ae

© % * ” AW. . 7 - *

To LOVE makes a MAN.

INCE Plays are but a kind of Pablick Feasts,

Where Tickets only make the welcome Guesis;

Wethinks, instead of Grace, we shou'd prepare
Tur Tastes in Prologue, with our Bill of Fare. .
hen jou foreknow each Course, tho This may teize you,
Tj; frve to One, but One Oth* Five may please you.

Fyft for you Criticks, weve Jour darling Chear,

Hults without number, more than Sense can bear:

ab re certain to be pleas'd where Errors are,

From your Displeasure J dare vouch we're safe ;

uu never frown, but where your Neighboars laugh.

Now you that never know, what Spleen, or Hate is,

Who for an Act or two are welcome gratis,

That tip the Wink, and so sneak out with Nunquam satis; 2
For jour smart Tastes weve tost you up a Fop,

We hope the newest that's of late come up;

The Fool, Beau, Mit, and Rake, so mixt he carrys,

He seems a Ragou piping hot from Paris.

But for the softer Sex, whom most we'd move,

ede what the Fair and Chaste were form'd for, Love:

An artless Passion fraught with Hopes and Fears,

And nearest happy, when it most. despairs.

For Masks weve Scandal, and for Beaus French Airs.

Is please all Tastes we'll do the best we can,

Fir the Galleries, weve Dicky and Penkethman.

Now, Sirs, youre welcome, and gou know your Fare;

but pray in Charity the Founder spare, |

Left gou defiroy at once the Poet and the Player,

e \ — # r 7 * *
2 r 5 "I * 2 = — a 27 1 JIE
— 2 OTIS 4 - OI . £ . — a
by - : "== 5 . —
— — 1 Aon Cr re amen 1
2 2 - a. $- Wa... 149-4 — * - f
2 — — ͤ—e—e— — — — rr ,

py wy

sy V. — tl: 2 88 —

mutt. —

XN Epilngue's 4 Fix * Aathors laid,
And full as mach unwillingly is paid:

Good Lines, I grant, are little worth; but et,
Coin has been always easier rais'd than Wit:

(I fear we'd made but very poor Campaigns,

Had Funds been levy'd from the grumbling Brains.)

Beside, to what poor Purpose sbou d we plead,

When you have once resolu'd a Play shall bleed?

Bat then again, a Wretch, in any Case,

Has leave to say why Sentence shou'd not pass.
First let jour Censure from pure Judgment slow,
And mix with that some Grains of Mercy too:
On some your Praise, like wanton Lovers, you bestow.

Thus have you known a Woman plainly fair,
At first scarce worth your two days Pains or Care;

Without a Charm, but being Young, and New:

¶ Tou thought five Gaineas far beyond her Due.)

But when persu d by some gay leading Lover,
Then every day her Eyes new Charms discover;
Till at the last by Crowds of Beaux admird,
Shas rais'd her Price to what her Heart desir'd,

New Gowns and Petticoats, which her Airs requir d.
So Miss, and Poet too, when once cryd up,

Believe their Reputation at the top;

And know, that while the liking Fit has seis'd you,
She cannot Look, he Write too ill to Please you.
How can you bear a sense of Love jo gross,

1o let meer Fashion on your Taste impose?

Jour Taste resin'd might add to jour Delight;
Poets frow Jou are taught to. raise their Flight :

For as. Jou learn 10 judge, They learn to write.

Wy J bk PIR 4 Ye * — * 4 ” *
6 4 — - L 6 pi * » 4 2
7 | Z , 3 # y Sa 8 5 P p E
N - * F 1 * * 1 p
# p . f - ; 27 SF.
| 5 a. 1 3 Tm ©. AF: . :
F % - : x 1 2 * 255

LOVE

9 % . — CIS IPA IS.
— orctern, wh _ * 0 ——
NP. * r

LOVE makes a MAN,.

f - > of 2
e * 0 Ko
s bY " 5
bh - K "a
s 3 A * 1 > | =
x 1 oF yo —

The SCENE an HALL.

Enter Antonio, and Charino,

Ithout Complement, my old Friend, I shall think my self
much Honour'd in your Alliance: Our Families are Ancient
Both, our Children Young, and able to support em, and I Þ
think the sooner we set em to work the better. | ; --

Cha, Sir, you offer fair, and Nobly, and shall find I dare meet you in 0
the same Line of Honour: And, I hope, since I have but one Girl in the
World, you won't think me a Troublesome old Fool, if I endeayour to bestow
her to her worth : Therefore, if you please, before we shake hands, a
word or two by the by ; for I have some Considerable Questions to ask you. _

Ant. Ask em. 1 Ke | -.

Cha, Well, In the first place you say, you have two Sons?

Ant. Exactly. =

Cha, And you are willing that one of em shall Marry my Daughter?

Ant. Willing. | | ;

Ant.

Cha. My Daughter Angellina | | | 9
Ant. Angellina. . 1
Cha, And you are likecise Content that the said Angellina shall survey em |

both, and (with my Allowance ) take to her Lawful Husband the which of ij

em she Pleases. if
Ant. Content. | -
B Ant, And VI

2 Tode makes a Man; or,

Cha. And you farther Promise, that the Person, by her, (and me) so
Chosen,” (de it Elder, or Younger, ) shall be your sole Heir, That is to say,
shall be in a Conditionat Possession of at least Fhree Parts of your Estate :
You know the Conditions, and this you Positively Promise,

Ant, To Perform. : ' „

Cha. Why then, as the last Token of my full Consent, and Approbation,
I give you my Hand. |

Ant. There's mine.

Cha. Is't a Match?

Ant. A Match. 3

Cha. Done. on

Ant. Done. | „„ |
Cha. And Done! —— That's enough Carlos the Elder, you say, is a

great Scholar, spends his whole Life in the University, and Loves his Study.

Ant. Nothing more, Sir. ;

Cha. But Clodio, the Younger, has seen the World, and is very well known
in the Court of France, a sprightly Fellow! ha! **

Ant., Mettle to the Back, Sir. „
Cha. Well ! how far either of em may go with my Daughter, I can't tel] -
She'll be easily Pleas'd where I am — I have giyen her some Documents already:

Hark! What Noise without.

Ant. Odso! tis they — They're come — 1 have expected 'em these |
two Hours. Well Sarah, Who's without? :

Enter a Servant.

Ser. Tis Sancho, Sir, with a Wagon Load of my Young Masters Books.
Cha. What, does he always Travel with his whole Study?
Ant. Never without it, Sir, tis his humour.

Enter Sancho laden with Books.

San. Pedro unload part of the Library: Bid the Porter open the great
Gates, and make Room for c' other dozen of Carts: I'll be with you Present-

5 Ant. Hah! Sancho * Where's my Carlos, speak Boy, where didst thou leave

thy Master ? 5 e |

San. Joging on, Sir, in the Highway to Knowledge, both hands employ'd,
his Book, and his Bridle, Sir: But he has sent his Duty before him in this
Letter, Sir. 5

Ant, What have we here Pothooks, and Andirons ?

San. Pothooks Oh! dear Sir! — I beg your Pardon no, Sir, this iS
Arabick : tis to the Lord Abbot, concerning the Translation, Sir, of Human
Bodies — a new way of getting out of the World: There's a Terrible
Wise Man has written a very smart Book of it.

Cha, Pray Friend, what will that same Book teach a Man ?

San. Teach

The Fas Emes RE Ee; 3

San. Teach yon, 8 Why to ey. a Trump {pon n and Bo your
self a Match for the D f _—

Cha, Strange ! 8 75 „

San. Here, Sir, this is your Letter. cn Ant. EE.

Cha. Pray. Sir, What sort of Life may your Master lead!

San. Life, Sir! no Prince fares like him: He breaks his Fast with Aristotle
Dines with Tilly, Drinks at Helicon, Sups with Seneca, then walks a turn or
two, in the Milky way, and, after Six Hours Conference with the Stats, sleeps
with old Erra Pater.

Cha. Wonderful!

Ant. So] Carlos will be here Feng —— - here take the Knave | in, and
let him Eat. i

San. And Drink too, Sir ? |

Aut. And Drink too, Sir. and pray see your Masters Chamber
Ready. | [ Knocking.
Well, Sir ! Who's at the Gate? ? | L̃again.

Enter 4 Servant?
Ser, Monsieur, Sir, from my Young Master Clodio.
Enter Monsi eur.

Ant. Well, Monsieur, What lays your Master ? When will he be here ?

Mon. Sayr he vil be here in de less time van quart de hour, he is not quait
dirty Mile off. |

Ant, And what came you before for ? |

Mon. Sayr me come to previde de pulvile, and de Essaunce for his Peruque,
he may approach to your vorship with de Reveraunce, and de you

Ant. What, Is he unprovided then ? |

Mon, Sayr he vas Enrage, and did breake his Botel on because it
vas no de same is prepare f for Monseigneur Le Dauphin. |

Ant. Well, Sir, if you'll go to the Butler, he'll
Oyl, and Vinegar for his Perriwig.

Mon. Sayr, me tank you. ' Exit. Monsieur.

Cba. A very Notable Spark this Clodio, Ha ! ! | What T — of Horses
is that without?

help you to some

Enter a Servant,

is Is Ser, Sir, my Young Masters are both come.
man Ant. That's well | Now, Sir, now Now observe their several Dispositiible
Ons.

Enter Carlos.
Car. My Father! Sir, your Blessing. | | =

1 Loni makes a Ma!" or,

Ant. Thou hast it Carlos, and now pray know this Gentleman chern Sir,
my old Friend, and one in whom yor may have a Particular Interest. |

Car. I'll study to deserve his Love, Sir,

Cha, Sig, as for [ak matter you need not study: at all, ied salute,

Enter Clodio,

Clo, Hey! b La'valliere ! bid the Groom take care our Hunters ws well Rub'a,
and Cloath d, they're hot, and have outstript the Wind. |
Cha. Ay, Marry Sir, there's Mettle in this Young Fellow.
Clo. Where's my Father?
Ant. Hah ! my dear Clody, thou'rt Welcome! let me kiss thee.
Cho, Sir, —— you kiss Pleafingly —— I love to kiss a Man, in Parris we
Kiss nothing else. Sir, being my Fathers Eriend, I am your most oblig'd, and

faithfyl Humble Servant. LTo Char.

Cha. 8ir, — |— 1— I— like you, Leagerly.]

Clo. Thy Hand kif— I'm your Friend.

Cha. Faith thou art a Pretty Humour'd Fellow,

Clo. Who's that! Pray Sir, who's that!

Ant. Your Brother Clody.

Clo. Odfo ! I beg his Pardon with all my Heart =— ha, ha, ha, did ever
Mortal see such a Book-Worm-! — Brother how is't ? [earelesly li

Car, I am glad you are well Brother. [ Reads,

Clo. What does he draw his Book upon me! then 1 will draw my wit upon
him —— Gad PH Pezzle him —— Hark you Brother, pray what”: S— what's
Latin for a Sword-knot ?

Car. The Romans wore none Brother.

Elo No Ornament npon their Swords, Sir ?

Car. G yes, several, Conquest, Peace, and Honour— an old Unfashionable
wear.

Clo, Sir, no Man in France (1 may as well say Breathing : for not to live

there is not to Breath) wears a more fashionable Sword than 1 do, he cost

me Fifteen Louis---d'or's, in Pars —— There, Sir, — keel him, — try
him, Sir. i 75 |
Car. 1 bave no skill, sir.

Clio. No skill, Sir! "Why this Sword would make a Coward Fight—- abe
sa, sa! ha Rip ha ! there I had hin. ( Fencing, )

Car, Take heed, you'll Cut my Cloaths, Brother.

Clo. Cut em ha ! ha !— no! no! They are Cut allready Brother, to
the Grammar -Rules Eradly. P'haw! Prithee Man leave off chis Colledge |
Air.

Car. No, Brother, [ think it Wholesome, the Soil, and Situation Plca-

Clo. A Putt, by Jupiter? he don't know the Air of a Gentleman from tie
Air of the Country: — Sir, I mean the Air of your Cloaths, I would
have you change your Taylor, and Dress a little more en Cavalier: Li)
by your Book, and take out your Snuff. Box, Cock, aud look smart, 8 b

Cha, Fail

The Fops n WT
Cha, Faith a pretty fellow! Yr
Car. | read no use in this Brother, and for my Cloaths, the half of what
wear already: seem to Superfiuons : What need I outward. Ornaments, .
when 1 can Deck my selt with Understinding? Why shou'd we care for any
thing but Knowledge ? Or look upon the Follies of Mankind but to Contemn
or Pitty those that seek em. bY {eas again.)
Clo. Stark Mad ? Split me.
Cha, P*shaw ! This Fellow will never 1 no Soul in him. |
Clo. Hark you, Brother, what do . thi nk of a Pretty Plump Wench
Car. 1 seldom think that way, Women are Books I have not Read yet: /.
Clo. Gad I cow'd set you a sweet Lesson, Brother. N
Car. I am as well here, Sir. (Reads.) 0
Cba. .Good for no Earthly vg. a Meer Rock! Ah, oy Clody.

Enter Monsiew eur.

Mon: Cove; here be de several fort: of de Jaslimine D'orangerie vidout; if
jou Please to make your shoice.

Clo, Mum! Sir, I must beg Pardon for a Moment, a most Important
Business calls me aside, which 1 will dispatch with all imaginable Celerity,
and return to the Repetition of my Delire t to Continue, Sir, your most obligd |
and faithful Humble Servant. Exit Clody N= |

Cha. Faith he's a Pretty Fellow.

Ant. Now. Sir, ik yon Please, since we have got .the other alone, wel put
the matter. a little closer ts im.

Cha. Tis to little Purpose, I am afraid: But use your Pleasure, Sir.

Car. Plato differs from Socrates in this. (to himself. )

Ant, Come! come! Prithee: Charles lays | em by, Jet * em agree at leisure.
What no hour of Interrruption?

Car. Man's Life, Sir, being so short,
the Knowledge of our selves so hard,
Precions. _ „
Ant. Ay, but to thrive in this World Charles, you must part a little with. .
this Bookish: Contemplation, and prepare your self for Action. If you will
study let it be to know what Part of my Land's fit for the Plough, what for
Pasture, to Buy, and sel! my stock to the best Advantage, and Cure my;
Cattle when they are over-grown with. Labour: This now wou'd turn to
some Account.

Car, This, Sir, may be done from whit I've Read: For what concerns
Tillage, Who ber ter can deliver it, than Virgil in his Georgicks ? And for the

and then the way that leads us to

and. tedious, each minute snouꝰd be

FZ Cure of Herds his Bucolicks are a Master-piece, but when his Art describes the
Common wealth of Pces, their Industry, their more than Human Knowledge
re of the Herhs from which they gather Hony, their Laws, their Government
1d among themselves, their orden in going forth, and coming Laden home, their
39 striet i bedience to their King, bis just rewards to soch as Labour, his Punishment

inflicted wy: on tne Slothful Drone. Im ravisht with it, chen Tea *_

N 67 8 5 — . gh * 5
K 7 EW J * * . *. * 3 ä bo 4 * a C 7
/ l A : * ' p . 5 * 7 -. : "6 |
F * 4 Cad ET we X 1 2 4 wg ., 1 0 * 7 "oh 7Y- 4
. „„ © 4 4 £ 8 a, *% a 1 6 2
| ( * * ; A ” * _ . * * 2 N . x <<) G ns : * ET L 2 *
| 0 De MARES T,

pr deed my Harvest, receive the Gain my Cattle bring me; And there find Wax
5 , ̃ . 15: „%% ᷑ TWO d . 27 07 WED

e Hey day! Geog! And bk: Git, and. Berl-naz'! What art thou
, ũ ẽ ÿʒk Tn

we + LIES, HE INS
10 Car. No sir, the Knowledge of this, guards me from it. .
Ant. But can you find ane all your Musty Manuscripts, what Pleasure he

enjoys, that lies in the Arms of, a Young, Rich, Well-snapt, Healthy Bride?
Wi - 7 rkÆn!n en ee Rees SR EL ho

0 1 Car. Tis frequent Sir in story, there 1 read of all Kinds of Virtuous, and of
8 Vicious Women, the Ancient Spartan Dames, the Roman Ladies, their Beauties,

their Deformities, and when 1 light upon a Portia, or a Cornelia, Crown'd with
ever-blooming Truth and Virtue, with such a feeling I peruse their Fortunes,

as if I then had liv'd, and tasted of their Lawful envied Love: Eut\-when I
meet a Messalina tir d, and unsated in her foul desires, a Clytemnestra bath'd in
her Husbands Blood, an Impious Tullia whirling her Chariot o're her Fathers

Breathless Body, Horror invades my Faculties; Comparing then the Numerous
Guilty, with the easy Count of those that dye in Innocence, 1detest, and loath

em, as Ignorance, or Atheism. = 3 „ |

Ant. And you do resolve then never to make Payment of the Debt you owe
me 1 EE... | CE.

3 Car. What Debt good Sir? qt” 5
> Ant. Why the Debt | paid. my Father, when | got you, Sir, and made him a
5 'Grandfire, which 1 expect from yon, I won't have my Name dye. 885
Fl a Nor wou'd I : My Labour'd Studies Sir, may prove in time a living
1 ne? - #7. VEE RD GS.
it | Ant. Very well Sir, and so I shall have a General Collection of all the Quiddits

from Adam, till this time to be my Grand- child! |
510 Til take my best care Sir, that what I leave mayn't shame* the Fa-
21 Y. 1 66/4 h nat * WY , „ | y - |
Cha. A sad Fellow this! This à vety sad Fellow. ( Aside.) b
Fi Ant. Nor you won't take cafe of my Ef:
1 Car. But in my wishes Sir; For knoFAHe Wings on which my Soul is
Mounted, have long since borgher pride toohigh to stoop to any Prey, that
{oares not upwards.: Sordid, ark Dunghil Minds compos'd of Earth, fix in that
Gross Element thci®-Kappinesy, but great, and Purer Spirits shaking that Clog
of Human Frailty off become Tefin'd, and free as the Rcherial Air.
Ant. So that in short, you wop'd not Marry:an Emprels ! 5
Car. Give me leave to Enjoy my self, the Closet that contains my Chosen .
Books to me's a Glorious Court, my «Venerable Companions there, the Old
Sages and Philgiophers, sometimes the greatest Kings and Hero's, whose
Counsels I have leave to weigh, and call their Victories, if Unjustly got, vnto 3
strict Account, and in my Fancy dare deface their Jl Plac'd Statues; Can!
then Part ith jolid Constant Pleasures to Clasp uncertain Vanities : No dir,
be it your Care bo swell your heap of WealthÞ harry my Brother, and Jet
jt him get you Bodys of our Name, | rather won'd Inform it with a Soul—1 0

The Fo ops rae:

you Sir—your 3 and your leave Lisbts there for my Study.

[Exit Carlos.
Ant. Was ever Man thus Transported from the common sense of his own
Happiness, A stupid Wise Rogue, I cou'd beat him: Now if it were not for

my Hopes in young Clody, I might fairly conclude my Name were at a a

Period,

Cha. Ay! Ay! He's the match for my Mony, and my Girls too, 1 warrant
her, What say you Sir, shall we hey "ex A es of our Mind, and turn em togetker
Inffantly ?

Ant: This Minute Sir, and here comes my Young Rogue in the very Nick :

of his Fortune. |
Ne Enter La |

Cledy, a och P £1 |
Clo. To the Wise is Mana: Your Pleasure, Sir.

Ant. In the mean time Sir, if you pleale to send your Daughter Notice of

our Intended Visit (to Char.)
17 110 a 3 hark you, Friend. (Whispers a Serwant.) ;

Enter Sancho behind.

San. 1 doubt my Master has fond but a Rough Wellcome! He's gone supperless
into his Study, Id fain know the Reason It may be some body has

borrow'd one of his Books, or so—1 must find it out. (Stands aside.)

Clo. Sir, you cou'd got have started any thing more agreeable to my Inclination
And for the Young, Ladies Sir, if this Old Gentleman will Please to
give me a fight of her, you shall see me Whip into hers in the Cutting of a

Capers

Cha. Well! Persue. and conquer; Tho let me tell you Sir, my Girl has

Wit, and will give you as good as you bring, she has a smart way Sir.

Clo. Sir, 1 will be as smart, as she, l have my share of Courage, I fear no Woman
alive Sir, having always found Sir, that Love and Assurance ought to be as
Inseparable Companions, as a Beau, and a Snuff Box, or a Curate, and a Tobacco-

stopper.
Cba. Faith thou art a * wu ant Rogue, I gad she must like thee.

Clo, I know how to tickie the Ladies Sir———lIn Paris, I had constant gy
two Challenges every we "1 ning came up with my Chocolate, only for being

Pleasant Company the Night before, with the first Ladies of Quality.
Cha. Ah, filly Envions ognes | | Prithee, what did you do to their Ladies 7
San. Poslitively nothing. „ ,

Clo, Why the Truth is, I did make the Jades Drink a little too smartly, fer

which the Poor Dogs the Princes cou d not endure me.

Cha, Why halt thuu really Converst with the Royal Family.

Clo. Converit with 'em ! Ay, rot 'em, A)! Ay!——You must know some
of *em came with me halt a _ Journey, to lee me a little on wy way hither ;

Love mates a Man; or
But I gad

him next Morning 33 .
Cha, Gramercy Boy! Well! And 1 warrant thou art as Intimate with their
Ladies too 8 5 W „
San. Just a like, I dare Answer for him. ( Aside.) .
Clo. Why yov shall Judge now, you shall Judge — let me see: There was],
and Monsieur no! no! no! Monsit ur did not sup with us—— There was],
and Prince Grandmont, Duke de Bongrace, Duke de Bellegarde——(Bellegarde —
yes yes, Jack was there?) Count de P Esprit, Mareschal Bombarde, and
that. Pleasant Dog the Prince de Haut enbas. We six now were all at Supper,
all in good Humour, Champaign was the Word, and Wit flew about the
Room like a Pack of loosing Cards— Now Sir, in Madams Adjacent Lodg-

Ballet diverting themselves with Ratifia, and the spleen ; so Dull they were not
able to talk, tho it were scandalously ev'n of their best Friends: So Sir, after
a Profound silence, at last one of 'em gap'd-— O God ! Says she, wou'd that
Pleasant Dog Clody were here to Badiner a little Hay! Says a second, and
stretcht, ab! Mondieu! Says a third and wak't——Covd not one find
him says a fourth——and Leer d——©O ! Burn him, says a hit, 1 law him go
out with the Nasty Rakes of the Blood again in a Pett——Did you so, says
a sixt——Pardie| We'll spoil that Gang Presently——in a Passion, whereupon
Sir, in two Minutes, I receiv'd a Billet in three words Chien nous vous De-

mandons :——Subscrib'd, Grandmont, Rongrace, Bellegarde, L'esprit, Bombard,

Wh Hautembas. | | | „

ii Cha, Why these are the very Names of the Princes you supt with!
it Clo. Every Soul of 'em, the Individual Wife, or Sister of every Man in the

pl. Company! Split me! Ha! Ha! e

uy Cha, and Ant. Hay ha! ha |

. 5 San. Did ever two old Gudgeons swallow so Greedilyß? (Aside.)
1 Ant. Well! And didft thou make a Night on't, Boy?
3 | Clo. Yes, I ged* And a Morning too Sir: For about eight a Clock the next
day flap? They all sous'd\upon

their Knees, Kiss'd round, burnt their Commodes,
Drank my Health, br

e their Glasses, and so Parted.
Ant. Gramarcy, Clody! Nay, *twas always a Wild young Rogue!
Cha. like him the better for't——he's a Pleasant one, I'm sure.
ent. Well! The Rogue gives a Rare Account of his Travels !

a Co. I ged Sir, 1 have à cure for the spleen! A ha! I know how to Riggle
self into a Ladies Favour give me leave when you please, Sir. vo

it | Cha, Sir, you Kio have it this moment——faith ] like him — You fews

member the Conditions Sir, three Parts of your Estate to him and his Heirs. *

1 ant. Sir, he dęserves it all : "Tis. not a Frifle sha!l Part 'em: You sees N
Hh Charles has given qver the World, I Nertake to buy his Birth- right for a
a © shelf of New Books. IPs | 1 85

i Cha. Ay ! Ay, 'Gtt ibi dhe Writings ready with your other Sons hand to

em, for unless 4 igns the Conveyance is of no Validity.

N | sent Young Louis back again to Marh Drunk, as a Tinker, by
Jove! Ha! Ha! He! I can't but laugh to think how Old Monarchy growl'd at

ings, there happened to be the same Number of Ladies, after the Fatigue of a

— o ST ST — -—-

The Pops Fortune. 9
Ant. 1 know it Sir they spall be ready with his hand in two hours.

Cha. Why then, come along'my Lad, and now I'll show thee to my Daughcer.

d 5 bY _—_ ö | A |

Clo. 1 dare be shown Sir=— Allons ? Hey! Suivons, L' Amour, (Sings.)

| | | | [ Exeunt,

dan How! My Poor Master to be Disinherited for //ounsjeur, Sa! Sa!

there! And I a looker on too! If we have studied our Majors, and our Mi-

15s, Antecedents, and Consequents to be concluded Coxcombs at last, we have
made a fair hand on't; I am glad, I know of this Roguery howeyer, I'll take

care my Masters Unkle Old Don Lewis, shall hear of it: For tho he can hardly

read a Proclamation, yet he dotes upon his Learning, and if he be that
Old, Rough, Testy Blade he us'd to be, we may chance to have a Rubbers
with 'em first——here he comes Prose&o, : n

Enter Don Lewis.

D. Lew. Sancho! Where's my Boy Charles > What is he at it? Is heat it?
— Deep-—Deep, I warrant him — Sancho A little Peep now-——one
Peep at him through the Key hole —— 1 must have a Peep. OG

Kn. Have a care Sir, he's upon a Magical Point.

D. Lew, What, has he lost any thing? -

San. Yes Sir, he has lost with a Vengeance.

D. Lew. But what, what, what firrah! What is't. i

San. Why, his Birth-right Sir, he is Di —di— dis disinherited.
(Sobbing.) po LO Eo or EE Pe

D. Lew. Ha! how! when! what! where who! what dost thou mean?

San, His Brother Sir, is to Marry Angellina the Great Heiress, to enjoy
three Parts of his Fathers Estate, and my Master is to have a whole Acdre of
New Books for setting his hand to the Conveyance. 5

D. Lew. This mult be a lye firrah! 1 will have it alye.

San. With all my heart, Sir. : But here comes my Old Master, and that
ick pocket the Lawyer, they'll tell you more. | =

Enter Antonio, and Lawyer.

Ant. Here Sir, this Paper has your full Instructions: Pray be speedy Sir, |
don't know, but we may Couple em to Morrow, be sure you make ic firm.
Law. Do you secure his hand, Sir, I defy the Law to give him Title _
dan. What think you now Sir ? „ Tl |
D. Lew. Why, now methinks Fm pleas d——this is right—Pm pleas'd ——
must Cut that Lawyers Throat, tho. must Bone him——ay ! PI have him
Bon d and Potted. | EET TY
Ant. Brother how is't ?

16 Love makes a Men; or,

D. Lew, O mighty well — wighty well let's feel your Pole
Feayourish, i (Looks earnestly in Antonios face and after some Pause,
Hhistles a Peice of @ Tune.)
Ant. You are merry Brother.
D. Lew. It's a lye.
Ant. How Brother?

D. Lew. A damn'd lye—1 am not merry. Hain
Ant, What are you then?!

D. Lew, Very Angry). (Lugbing.)

Ant. Hi! i hi! At what mother 3 Paige (mimicking him J

D. Lew. Why at a very wile settlement, I have made lately,

At. What settlement, good Brother? 1 find he has heard of it.

D. Lew. What do you think I have done I have This deep head of
mine has — Disenherited my Elder Son, because his Understanding s an Honour
to my 8 ju and given it all to my Younger, because he's a Puppy! A

Puppy. Y

Come! | guess your meaning Wess.

D. Lew. Do you io Sir! Why then, 1 must tell you Aat © and plain, my Boy
Charles must, and shall Inherit.”

Ant. 1 say no, unless Charles had a Soul to Value his Fortune : What ! He
shou'd manage eight Thousand Crowns a Vear out of the Metaphylicks ! Astronomy
shou'd look to my Vineyards? Horace shou'd buy of my Wines, Tragedy
show'd kill my Mutton, History snou'd cut down my Hay, Homer show get in
my Corn, Tityre tu Patule took to my sheep, and Geometry bring in my Horvest
home Hark you Brother, do you know what Learning is ?

D. Zew. What if 1 don't Sir? I besteve ics a fine thing, and that's enough---
Tho 1 can {peak no Greek, I Love, and Honour the sound of it, and Charles
speaks it Loftily ; 1 gad, he Thunders it out Sir, and let me tell you, Sir, if you
had ever had the Grace to have heard but fix lines of. Hesiod, or Homer, or Tiad,
or any of the Creek Poets, ods heart 7 it wou'd have made your bair stand an
End : Sir, he has read such things i in my hearing

Aut. But did you understandꝰ em, Brother?

D. Lem. U tell you no! What does that signifie? The very sound's a suffei.
ent Comfort to an Honest Man. |

Ant. Fye ! tye ! 1 wonder yowll talk so, you that are old, and should Understand.

D. Tew. Shov'd Sir! Yes, and do, Sir! Sir, Fd have you to Lock [ have
Stndied, I have run over History, Poetry, Philosophy.

Ant. Ves, like a Cat over an Harpsicord, rare Mufick——you have read Catalogues
l believe: Come ! Come ! Brother my Younger Boy” s a fine Gentle.

D. Lem. A sad Dog I'll buy a Prettier fellow | in a Penniworth of Gingerread.

Ant. W hat [ propose, I'll do Sir „49 you your Pleasure—Here comes one!
mult talk e Brother, what News?

© * 8 * ; *Y We
N , N *

f * * : 6 Ry ” FE 5 .
g * * 7 Hat 23 Xs 1

* 4 , : k 4 9 7 * * . N
2 Key 2 7

Enter Charino.

Cha., O To our wishes, Sir: Ciady 8 4 right bait for a Girl Sir A Budding
sprightly fellow: She's a little shy at first; But I gave him his Cue, and
the Rogue does so whisk, and Frisk, and sing, and dance her about, odsbud ! 2

He Plays like a Grey- hound: Noble Don Lewis, I am your humble Servant:
Come what say you? Shall 1 prevail with you to * some Parg of your
Estate upoꝝ Young Clody ? af 2

D. Len. Clady _ 8 |

Char. Ay : your Nephew, Ciody.

D. Lem. Settle upon him:

Cha. Ay: 0 |

D. Lew, Why look you, [ han” c much Land to spare: But | have an Admirable
Horse-pond——P'lI settle that upon him if you will,

Ant, Come: Let him have his way Sir: He's Old, and Hasty : My Estate's
sufcient, How does your Daughter Sir.

Cha. Ripe, and ready Sir, like a Blushing Rose, she only waits for Polling,
Ant, Why then, let to morrow be the Day.

Cha, With all my heart, get you the Writings ready, my Girl shall be here

inthe Morning.

D. Lew. Hark you Sir. do you suppose my Charles shall——

Char. Sir, 1 suppose nothing: What I do, mW Justify, what your Brother
does let him Answer.

Ant, That I have already, Sir, and so good Morrow to your Patience Brother.

D. Lew. Sancho: :

San. Sir.

D. Lew. Fetch me some Gun- Ponder ——quick——quick——

San. Sir.

D. Lem. Some Gun- Powder 1 say a Barrel — — quickly — and dy'ee
hear: Three Pennyworth of Ratsbane a ER 1 I blow up one, and
Poison the other.

San, Come Sir, I see what you wou'd be at, and if you 41 take my aJvice

(don't want wit at a Pinch Sir) ev'n let me try, if I can fire my Master.
enough with the Praises of the young Lady, to make him Rival his Brother,

that wow'd blow 'em up indeed, Sir.
D. Lew. Pshah : Impossible, he never spoke fix words to any v oman in his
Life, but his Bed -· maker.
dan. So much the better Sir, therefore if he speaks at all, it's the more liketo
be out of the Road Hark he Rings. I must wait upon him. [EE xit.
D. Lew. Thele Damn'd Old Rogues can't look my poor Boy in the face:

But come Charles: Let 'em go on, thou shalt not want to buy thee Books yet N

That Old Fool thy Father, and his Young Poppy shalln't share a Groat of mine

berweeg ; em? Nay to plagve em, I cow'd find in my heart to fall sick in a Petr,

give thee my Estate in a Passion, and leave the World ina Fury. Exit.

10 — _— : 8 * 45 * | 5 * y 4 — 3 * ASS . EY
f a — . {>> #4 4 +”
Wh ö N EY

"7 PAGE: n e ** * — * 8 3 _ 5k : a

Lg E190 YO | TS (1 2 #5
D 0 : n
IP G
4 8 I We p

3633 — ————2ÄU— — — — — — — ä‚ä——ů—

a nter r Antonio, and Sancho.

IR, he Mall have what's fit for him.
No Inheritance, Sir ?
152 Enough to give him Books, and a moderate Maintenance
That s as much as he Cares for; You talk like a Fool, a Coxcomb, Trouble
him with Land ——- | -
San. Must Master Clodio have all Sir?
Ant. All; all: He knows how to use it : He's a Man bred in this World,
r other in the Skys, his Business is altogether above stairs: Go; See what he
wants.
San, A Father I'm fore). | CExit Sancho,
H. What will none of my Rogues come near me now? O z Here they are

Eiter Several Servants.

Well, Sir! in the first Place can you procure me a Plentiful Dinner for about
Fifty, within these two Hours ? Your Young Master is to be Married this
Morning, Will that spur you, Sir?
Cook. Young Master, Sir“ I wish your I A had given me a little more
Warning.
Ant. Sir, you have as much as 1 had, Ly was not sure of it half an hour ago.
Cook, Sir, 1 wall try what I can do Hey Pedro: Gusman : Come stir ho
Ex. Co.
Ant. Butler? The Cellar open to all good Fellows, if any Man EE sneak
away sober, knock him down: Is the Musick come?
But. They are within at Breakfast Sir.
Ant. That's well; Here let this Room be Clean dq Won Hussy, see the

{coor [Exerit.
Carlos

he Fops tune.”
WD. - "i 2 1

Carlos alone in bis Study.

Car. What a Perpetual Noise these People make my Head is roi. :
with a Parenthesis in every Corner: I have forgot to eat, and sleep, with -

Reading, ail my Faculties turn into Study: What a Misfortune tis in Human
Nature, that the Body will not live on that which feeds the Mind "Sh How
unprontagee a Pleasure's Eatjog? Y Sancho, |

Enter Sa ncho.

San. Did you call, Sir?
Car. Prithee what. Noise is this?
San. The Cooks are hard at work, Sir, Chopping Herbs, and minc'd meat,

and breaking Mat row bones.

Car. Aud is it thus at every Dinner? |

San, No, Sir: But we haye high doings to day.

Car. well, set this Folio in its Place again, then make me a little Fire, and
get a Manchet, Pl dine alone : Does my younger Brother speak any Greek
yet, Sancho? i

San. No, Sir, but he spits French like a Magpy, and that's more in
Fashion, i »

Car. He steps before me there: I think I Read it well to Understand,,

but when I aim to give it Utterance, it quarrels with my Tongue
Again that Noise ! Prithee tell me Sancho, are there. any Princes to dine

here?

San. Some that are as happy as Princes, Sir, — 18 Brother's Married
to day.

Car. What of that ! might not. Six Dishes serve? em? 1 % never have but

one, and eat of that bot sparingly.

San, Sir, all the Country round is Invited, not A Dog that knows the House
but comes too, all open, Sir.

Car. prithee who is it my Brother Marrys 2

San. Old Charino's Daughter, Sir, the Great Rates a delicate Creature;

Young, Soft, Smooth, Fair, Plump, and Ripe as a Cherry, — and they fag

Modest too.

Car. That's strange, Prithee how do these Modest Women look ? 1 never.
yet Converst with any but my own Mother, to me they ever were but shadows,

seen and unregarded.

San, Ah! wou'd you saw this Lady, Sir, she'd draw you farther than you

Archimedes, she has a better Secret than any's in Aristotle, if you'd study.

for it : 1 gad you'd find her the Prettiest Natural Philosopher to Play,

with,
Car. Is she so fine a Creature?
San, Such Eyes! such Looks! such a Pair N Pretty , Plump, Powring

Lips ! such Softness in her Voice! such Musick too! and when she smiles, |
sack:

leh Rozuith Dimples ! in her Checks! such a Clear skin! White Neck, >
a little Lower such a Pair of Round, hard heaving what dee callums— —

Ca Why thou olds Love Sadie. 8 *

an. Ay! to Wound you be, if you saw her, Sir. .

e I dow't think so: What Settlement does my Father wake * em?

San. Only all his Dirty Land, Sir: makes Jour Brother his sole Heir.

Car. Must I have Nothing ? 7

Sau. Books in Abundance, leave to study your Eyes out, Sir.

Car. I am the Elder Born, and have à Title too.

San. No matter for that, Sir, he'll * Possession -
Loo.
Car. 1 wish him happy —— he I not loheric my. lane Understanding

San. O, Sir, he's more a Gentlemen, this to do that — Ods me Sir,
here comes the very Lady, the Bride, your Sister, that dt be, and ber
Father.

of the Lady

Enter OS and Angellina.

Stand close, you'll both see and hear her, Sir.

Car. I ne're saw any yet so fair such sweetness in her Look ! such Modesty |
if we may think the Eye the Window to the Heart, she has a Thousand Treafur'd
Virtues there?

San. So! the Books gone Cafe )

Cha, Come! Prithee put on a brisker Look! odsheart? do'st thou think
in you” 0 that's fit for thy Wedding-day ?

Sir, I cou'd wish it were not quite so suddain, a little time for farther
Trougbe perhaps had made it easier to me: To o Change for ever is no Trifle,

Car. A Wonder? 5

Cha. Look you, his Fortune I have taken Care of. and his Person you
have no Exceptions to, What in the Name of Venus wou'd: the Girl have?

Ang. I never said of all the World I made him, Sir, my Choice: Nays
tho? he be yours, I cannot say I am highly Pleas*d with him, nor yet am
so averse, but had rather Welcome your Commands, and him, than hoe
dience.

Cha. O! if that be all, Madam, to make you Easy, my Commands are at

Ang. 1 have done with my Objections, Sir.

Car. Such Understanding in so soft a Form! Happy — Hapfy
Brother ! — may he be Happy, while I fit down in Patience, and alone
I have gaz*d too much —— reach me an Ovid. [ Exit. Car. and San.

Cha. I say put on your best Looks Hussy —— for here he comes faith.

915 1 * 5 . * oy

1 tir *

All m Dear Clody | IN *

Clo. gear, (Xisses bim.) Dear Dad ! Hab! Ma Princesses) estes vous la
ne a ha! Non,! non! Je ne my Connois Guere, &c, ( Sings.) Look,
ook look o fly-boots! What she knows nothing of the matter ! hut ycu
will Child '—— 1 ged Jafball count the Clock extreamly to Night: Let me
ce — What time shall F rise to morrow ? ——- not till after Nine,
Ten, Eleven, for a Pistol! ah — C*est a dire Votre Ceur Insensible 1
v4 fi VAINCH, Non ? non] &c. (Si * a second Vase.)

Enter Antonio, D. Lewis, and Lawyer.

Ant. Well Gal” Clogy! My Noble Brother Wellcome my fair Daughter,
give you joy!

Clo, And: 10 wil 1 too, Sic Allons" vivons ! Chantons ! Dancons ! Hey Laure
J, NS. 4 (Sings, and Dances, &C,

Ant. Well ITY again Boy! Sir, you add your Writings. are Welcome!

What my Angry Brother ! Nay you mult ave your: Welcome too ! or We 10

shall make but a flat Feast on't.

D. Lew. Sir, I am not Welcome, nor 1 won't be Welcamit nor no Body” 8
Welcome, and you are all a Parcel of Y

Cha. W hat, Sir!

D. Lew. Miserable Wretches -—— sad Dogs. |

Ant, Come, pray Sir, bear with him, he's old and hasty : but hell dine, and
be good Company for all this.

D. Lew. A strange Lye, that. | |

Clo. Ha! ha! ba, poor Testy “ ha; ba

D. Lew. Don't Jaugh, ny dear Rogue! Prichee don't Laugh now: Faith

[shall break thy Head if thou doit,

Co. Gats so! what then I find you are angry at me, Dead Unkte; 8

D. Lew. Angry ac theed hay! Puppey 1-—- Why What What dost
thou see in that Lovely Hatchet Face o thine, that's worth ray being out of:
Humour at? Blood z and Fire, you Dog: get out of my light, or

Ant, Nay, Brother, this is too far 1

D. Lew. Angty at bim, a Son of a — Sons, son of a Whore # *

Clo. Ha; ha: Poor Peevish 7

D. Lem. Pd fain have some Body Poison | him. (To himself, ) Ah 2 that
Sweet Creature: Must this fair Flower be cropt to stick up in a Piece of

Rascally Farthen Ware; I must ipeakito her Eben stand out of my.

Clo. Ha; ha: ay: now for it,

D. Lew. (To Ang.) Ah: — ah: — abs: Waden I pitty you! 1 yon ic
a Lovely Young Creature, and ought to have an Handsome Man Yok'd to
one of Unteres too: I am sorry to ai it, but this Fellows Skulls"

Extreaml,

Ws. * — af

g Tat

D. Lew. Hay;

* | | : | | 5 A 1 N 8 |
Extreamly thicx he can never get any thing upon that Fair Body but
Muffs and Snuff boxes: Or say he have a ching shap'd like a Child, you can

a make nothing of it but a Taylor,

Clo, Ods me: why you are Testy, my Dear Unkle
D. Lew. Will no Body take that Tronblesome Dog out of my fight —

can't stay where he is — I'll go see my Poor Boy Charlos — Pve disturb'd

u, Madam, your humble Servant.
Youl] come again and Drink the Brides Health, Brother?
D. Lew. That Ladies Health I may : EINE she give me leave, perhaps
fit by her at Table too. |
Clo. Ha: has by Nunkle z |
Lew. Puppey 4 Good b | LES D. Lewis.
Ang. An odd Humour'd Gentleman. 0
Ant. Very odd indeed Child, 1 lupposgin. pure mite he make my. Son
Charlos his Heir.
Ang. Methinks I wou'd not have a Light Head, nor one laden with too
much Learning, as my Father says this Charlos is; sure there's something hid

in that old Gentlemans Concern for him, that speaks him not so meer a Log.

Ant. Come, shall we go, and Seal Brother? The Priest stays for us; when
Charlos has sign'd: the Conveyance, as he shal Presently, we'll then to the

Wedding, and so to Dinner.

Cha. With all my heart, Sir. :
Clo. Allons : ma Chere Princesse. I Exeunt ·

Carlos in bis Study, with Don Lewis, and Sancho.

D. Lew. Nay you are Undone.

Car. Then — l must study, Sir, to bear my Fortune.

D. Lew. Have you no greater Feeling! PS

San. You were sensible of the great Book, Sir, when it fell upon your Head,
And woat the Ruin of your Fortune Fir you ?

Car. Will he have my Books too ?

D. Lew. No, no, he has a Book, a Fine one too, Call'd the Gentlemans
Recreation, or the Secret Art of getting Sons and Daughters: such a Creature:

A Beauty in Folio: wou'd thou hadst der in thy Study Charles, tho” it

were but to new Clasp her.
San. He has seen her, Sir.
D. Lew. Well, and — and—— |
San, He ilung away his Book, Sir.
D. Lew. Did he Faith; wou'd he had wg away his Humour too,and spoke
Car. Must my Brother then have all 2
D. Lew. All, all.
San. All that your Father has, Sir.
Car. Alid that Fair Creature too?
San. Ay, Sir.

Car. He

The Pipe Forgive.

Car. He has enough then, (/aghing.)

D. Lew. He have her, Charles! why wou'd ! wound! that is hay ! .

Car. May I not see her sometimes, and call her Sister? | Il do him no
wron e

D. Tow can't bear this! heart I cou'd cry for Madness! Flesh, and Fire!
do but speak to her Man.

Car. I cannot, Sir, her Look requires something of that distant awe, Words
af that soft respect, and yet such force, and meaning too, that I shou'd stand
Confounded to approach her, and yet 1 long to wish her 17 ! — O were
born to give it too! 51

D. Lew. Why thou shalt wish her Joy Boy : Faith 1 is a Good hnmour'd
Creature, she'i] take it kindly. _ ;

Car. Do you think so, Unkle ? 4

D. Lew. l'll to her, and tell her of you.

Cat, Do, Sir stay Unkle— Will she not think me Rude, I wou d not
for the World "offend her. -

D. Lew, Fend, a Fiddle-stick—— let me alone—— 1 PH

Car. Nay, but Sir ! Dear Unkle. | Ka

D. Lew. A hum! a bum? Exit. D. Lewis. fig

Enter Antonio and Lawyer wi a Writing. . pe 1

Ant Where's my Son? 9
San. There, Sir, Casting a Figure what Chopping Children his Brother | fa
shall have, and where he shall find a New Father for himself. "Mi
Ant, 1 shall find a stick for you, Rogue, | shall. Charles! How dost thon _ -

do? Come hither, Boy. =
Car. Your Pleasure, Sir? 1
Ant. Nay, no great matter, Child, on y to put your Name here a little to 1

this Bit of Parchment, I think you Write a Reasonable good hand, Charles. =_
Car. Pray, Sir, to what use may It be ? - 3
Ant. Only to Pass your Title in the Land I have, to your Brother Clodio. |
Car. Is it no more, Sir? |
Law, That's all, Sir.

Ant. No! no! tis nothing else: Look yon, you shall be provided we
you shall have what Books you please, and your Means shall come in without 0
your Care, and you shall always have a Servant to wait on you. |

Car. sir, thank yon; But, if you Please, I had rather Sign it before the
good Company below, it being, Sir, so frank a Gift *twill be some small Complement
to have it done before the Lady too : There I shall Sign it Cheerfully,
and wish my Brother Fortune.

Ant. With all my Heart, Child, its the same thing to me.

Car, Yow'll excuse me, Sir, if I make no great stay with you. |

Ant. Do as thou wilt, thou shalt do any thing thou hast a mind to. LExcunt.

San. Now has he undone bimself for ever; odsheart Pill down into the
Sellar and be stark Drunk for Anger. Exit.

The SCENE Chengt 50 4 Dining-Re oom Late Table Spread.

Enter Charino with Angellina, Clodio, Don Lewis, Ladies, Priest and Lawyer.

Lan. Ome let him bring his Sons Hand, and all's done. Are you Ready

Pres Sir, I shall disparch chem presently, immediately! for in Truth I am
an Hungry.

Clo. 1 ged, I warrant you the Priest and 1 coud both fall too without say ing
Grace — Ha! you little. 71 What you think it long too!

Ang. I find no fault, Sir, Better things were well done, than done too
hastily— Sir, you look Melancholy. (Tos D. Lewis. )

D. Lew. Sweet Smelling Blosom.! Ah that I had the gathering of thee 1
wov'd st ick thee in the Bosom of a Pretty Young Fellow — Ah: thou hast
mist a Man (but that he is so bewitch't to his Study, and knows no other
Mistress than his Mind) so far above this Feather-headed Puppe)

Ang. Can he talk, Sir?

D. Lew. Like an Angel— to himself —— the Devil a word to a Woman:
His Language is all upon the High Business to Heav'n, and Heavenly Wonders,
to Nature, and her Dark, and Secret Causes. X

Ang. Boes he speak well there, Sir?

D. Lew. To Admiration: such Curiosities But he can't look a Woman in
the Face, if he does he Blushes like Fifteen.

Ang. "But a little Conversation, methinks——

D. Lew, . Why so I think too: But the Boy's bewitcht, and the Devil can't
bring him to't : Shall I try if I can get him to wish you Joy! ?

Ang. I shall receive it as becomes his Sister, Sir,

Z _ Look! look ! Old Testy will fall in Love by and by, he s hard at its
t me. :
Oe Let him alone, she'll fetch him about, I warrant you.

Clo. So, here my Father comes: Now Priest; hey » my Brother too; that's

a wonder : Broke like a Spirit from his Cell.

Enter Antonio, and Carlos.

D. Lew. Odso here he is: That's he a little inclining to the lean, or
so, but his Understanding* s the fatter for*t.

Ant. Come Charles, *twas your desire to see my fair Daughter, and the
gdod Company, and then to Seal before em all, and give your Brother Joy.

Cha He does well, I shall think the better of him as long as I live,

Car Is this the Lady, Sir ?

Ant Ay, hat's your Sister, Charles.

Car. Forbid it Love: (a/ide.) Do you not think be“ grace our Family *

Ant. No cg ubt onfr, Sir.

Car. St. ob- | nt thank her for so unmerited a Grace?

Ant. Ay, aud welcome, Charles.
D. Lew. Now

livening Light before.

Lasting Joy, than I cou'd tast with her.

The Ny 7 Fir brtune:

D. Lew. Now my Boy: give her a gentle twist by the Fingers! lay your
Lips softly 1 softly ? Close, and Plumm ? to hers. (apart to Car.)
Car. Pardon a Strangers freedom, Lady. (salutes Ang.) Dissolving
Softness + O the drowning, Joy! Happy :i—— Happy he that sips Eternallx
such Nectar down, that unconfin'd may Lave, and Wanton there insateless--

Dravghts of ever springing Beauty But you, Fair Creature, share by far
the bigher Joy, if, as I've Read, ( nay now am fore) the sole delight of Love
lyes only in the Power to give. 5
Ang. How near his Thoughts agree with mine 2 This the meer Scholar
Jas told of? (aside.)—— 1 find, Sir, you have Experienced Loye, you seem
vainted with the Passion.

Car. I've had indeed a Dead Pale Glimpse i in Theory but never saw ty an

Ang. Ha: Before: (aside.)
Ant. Well, these are very fine Complements, Charles: But you say nothing
to your Brother yet.

Car. O yes, and wish him, Sir, with any other Beauty: (if Possible ) more

Ang Hc speaks unhappily. _ | 5
Clo. Hay: What do you say, Brother ? » b
Ant. Nay, for my Part, l dont understand him. —
Cha: Nor 1. ” |
D. Lew. Stand Clear , do and that sweet Creature too, I hope. „
Ang. Too well, | fear 7 (aside.). 4
Ant. Come, come, to the Writing, Charles, prithee leave thy studying Man. *
Car. I'll leave my Life first, study now to Be a Man, before what Man was, =
was but my Argument— I now am on the Proof I find, I Feel my self a 7
Man—— nay; I fear it too. _
D. Lew. Be has it;? he has it: my Boy* s in forfr, je
Clo. Come, come, will you—— . _ |
D. Lew. Stand out of the way, Puppey : : (Interposing with his back to Clo.) \ |
Car. Whence is it, Fair, that while I offer speech to you, my Thoughts want
Words, my Words "their free and honest Utterance? Why is it thus 1
Tremble in your Touch, and fear your Fron, as wound a frighted Child the
Dreadtul Lightning? Yet snou'd my dear? ft Friend, or Brother dare to
Check iny vain deluded Wishes, O! I theu's turn and tear him like an ofiend--
ed Lyon Is this, can it, must it be : Sisteis Power? | |
Clo, Come, come, Will you Sign, Brother? |

D. Lem. Time enough, Puppey ! "Rl
Car. O! if you know with what Precipitated hast you hurry on a Deed, .. L
that makes you Blest or Miserable ever, ev'n yet, near as Fol, are to Happinels, |
you'd find no Danger in a Moments. Pause.
Cto, 1 say, Will you Sign, Brother? 0
Car. Away! | have no time for Trifles ” Room for an Elder Brother. —_—
D. Lew, Why did not | bid thee stand our of the way now ? 3

Ant. Ay! but this is trifling, Charles! come, come, your hand Man. j
D x; Car. You: 1

20 | Love makes Aa. M 5 Or, :

Car. Your Pardon, Sir, I cannot Seal; yet, had you only shewd me Land,

T had resign'd it free, and Proud to have bestow'd it to your Pleasure: Tis
Care, tis Dirt, and Trouble: But you have open'd to me such a Treasure, such
unimagin'd Mines of Solid Joy, that I perceive my Temper stubborn now, ev'n
to a Churlish Avarice of Love Heaven direct my Fortune |

Ant. And so you won't part with your Title, Sir?
Car. Sooner with my Soul of Reason, be a Plant, a Beast, a Fish, a Fly, and

ou! make the Number of things up, than yield one foot of Land-— if she be
ty'd to't. PM.
Cha. I don't like this, he talks odly, methinks ? Wed |
Ang. Yet with a Bravery of Soul might warm the coldest Heart. (aside.)
Clo, P'shaw! Pox ! Prithce, Brother, you had better think of these things
in your Study Man! 8 1
Car. Go you and study, for 'tis time young Brother; turn ore the Tedious
Volumes I have Rei, think and digest 'em well? The wholesomst Food for
reen Consumptive Minds! wear out whole Fasted Days, and, by thy Pale
eak Lamp, pore, away the Freezing Nights; rather make dim thy Sight,
than leave thy Mind in doubt or darkness; Confine thy vuscless Travels to
thy Closet, Traverse the Wite, and Civil Lives, of Cod and Great Men
Dead; Compare em with the Living: Tell me why Cæsar Perisht by the
Hand that lov'd him most, and why his Enemies Deplor'd him? Distill the
Sweet ness from the Poets Spring, and learn to soften thy Desires, nor dare to
Dream of Marriage: Vows till thou hast taught thy Soul, like mine, to Love
Is it for thee to wear a Jewel ot this Inestimable Worth ?

D. Lew. Ah? Charles! (Kisses him.) What say you to the Scholar now
Chicken ? | Fe

Ang. A Wonder? — ls this Gentleman your Brother, Sir?

Clo. Hay! No, my — Madam, not quite—— that is, he is a little a kin
by the Pox on him, wou'd he were Buried — I can't tell what to say to
him, splir me. TF

Ant. Positively you will not Seal then! ha! |

Car. Neither I showd not blindly say I will not Seal—— let me intreat
a Moments Pause for, even yet, perhaps, I may. (Sig hing.)

Ang. Fordid it, Fortune! (aside.)

Ant. O ! may you so, Sir! „

Clo. Ay! Sir, hay: What, you are come to your self I find — 'sheart:

Cha. Ay, ay, give him a little time, he'l] think better on't I warrant you.

Car, Perhaps, Fair Creature, I have done you Wrong, whose Plighted Love
and Hope went hand in hand together: But, I conjure you, think my Life were
Hateful after so Base, so Barbarous an act as Parting 'em: What ;: to lay wast

at once, for ever, all the Gay Blossoms of your forward Fortune, the Promis'd
wishes of your Young Desire; your Fruitful Beauty, and your Springing Joy,
your Thriving Softness, and your Cluster'd Kisses, growing on the Lips of
Love, devour'd with an unthrifty Infants Appetite z O forbid Love; forbid
it Nature, and Humanity: I have no Land, no Fortune, Life, or Being, while
your Neceslity of Peace requires em: Say: or but give me need to think
5 | your

FR bh -

your smallest Hope depends on my objected Ruine,my Ruine is my safety there,
my Fortune, or my Life resignꝰd with Joy, so your account of happy hours were

thence, but rais'd to any added Number.
Char. Why ay! There's some Civility in this.
Clo, The. Fellow really talks very Prettily.

Car. But if in bare Compliance to a Fathers will, you now but Suffer Marriage,

or what. may yet be worse, give it as an Extorted Bond, Impos'd on the
{implicity of your Youth, and dare confess you wish some honest Friend wou'd
save, or free you from its hard Conditions, I then again have Land, have Life,
and Resolution waiting £41] upon your Happier Fortune. LE
Clo. Ha! ha! Pert enough, that! Iged! I long to see what this will come to?
preist. In Truth, unless some body is Married Presently, the Dinner will be
spoil'd, and then no body will be able to eat it. |
Ant. Brother, I say let's remove the Lady.
Cha. Force her from him ? |
Car. Tis too late! I have her figure here! Sooner shall Bodys leave their

shade, as well you might attempt to shut old time into a Den, and from his
Downy wings wash the swift hours away, or steal Eternity to stop his Glass, so

fixt, so Rooted here is every growing thought of Her.

Clo. Gatts me! What now it's troublesome again, is it?

Car. Consider fair one now's the very Crisis of our Fate: You cannot have
it sure, to Ask if Honour be the Parent of my Love: If you can Love for Love,
and think your heart Rewarded there, like two Young Vines we'll Curl together,
Circling our Souls in never ending Joy; we'll spring together, and we'll
bear one Fruit ; One Joy shall make us smile, one sorrow mourn; One Age go

with us, one hour of Death shall shut our Eyes, and one Cold Grave shall hold

us Happy Say, but you hate me not! O speak ! Give but the softest breath
to that Transporting thought! 5 |
Ang. Need I then speak, to say, I'm far from Hating yon-—1I wou'd say

more, but there is nothing fit for me to say.

Cha. I'll bear it no longer

Ang. On this you may depend, I cannot like that Marriage was proposd me.

Car, How shall my Soul requite this Goodness?

Cha. Beyond Patience! This is downright Infolence? Rogyuery Rape!
Aut. Part em . N ig

5 Ay! ay! Part em, part em. „ .
D, Lew. Loll ! lum! dum (Sings, and draws in their Defence.)

Cha. Call an Officer! l' have *em forc'd asunder.

Ang. Nay then, I am reduc'd to take Protection here, (Goes to Carlss.)

Car, O Extasy of Heart! Transporting Joy! |

D. Lew, Lorra! Dorroll! Lol? ' (Sings, and Dances.)
Cha. A Plott! A Plott, against my Honour | Murther + Treason! Gun-
Powder, I'll be Reveng'd !

Ant. Sir, you shall have satisfaction.

Cha. l'll be Reveng'd ! |

Ant.

- 92 Et Pix * — . -

Ant. Carlos, I say forgo the Lady. ;

Car. Never, while I have sense of Being, Life, or Motion.

Clo, You won't! Gatso ! What then, I find I must lug out upon this Business,
Allons! The Lady Sir! e OE ES OT ON

D. Lew. Lorra! Dorroll! Loll! (Presenting his Point to Clodio.)

Char. I'll have his Blood! F 4
Car. Hold Unkle! Come Brother, sheath your Anger do my best te
satisfy you all— but first, I wov'd Intreat a Blessing here. 3

Ant. Out of my Doors! Thou art no Son of mine: [Exit Ant.

Car, I am sorry I have lost a Father, Sir For you Brother, since once you
had a seeming Hope, in lieu of what you've lost, half of my Birth- right.

Clo. No halfs! No halfs Sir, the whole Lady ! =

Car, Why then the whole, if you can like the Terms.
Co. What Terms! What Terms! Come quick: quick!
Car. The first is this -—(Snatches D. Lewis's Sword) Winn her, and wear
her: For on my Soul unless my Body fail, my Mind shall never yeild thee up a
thought in Love. FFF
D. Lew. Gramercy Charles! To him Boy! 1gecd ! This Love has made a
Man of him. EVT
Car. This is the first good Sword, I ever Pois'd in Anger yet, tis sharp I'm
sure, if it but hold my putting home, shall so hunt your Insolence:— l feel the
fire of ten strong Spirits in me Wer't thou a Native Fencer in so Fair a cause,
I thus shov'd hold thee at the worst defiance. or
Clo, Look you Brother, Take care of your self, I shall certainly be in you
the first thrust, but if you had rather de'e see, we'll talk a little calmly about
this Business. N RR | |
Car. Away Trifler : I wou'd be loath to prove thee Coward too.
Clo. Coward ! Why then really, Sir, if you Please Mid riffd's the Word, Brother
you're a Son of a Whore—— Alons | (They Fight, and Clodio is Disarm'd.
Cha. His Blood! I say his Blood: Þll have it by all the Scars, and Wounds ol
Honour in my Family. . (Exit.
Car. There Sir: Take your Life — and mend it——begon without Reply.
Ang. Are you not wounded Sir ? | |
Car. Only in my Fears for you: How shall we bestow us, Unkle ?
D. Lew. Possitively we are not safe here, This Lady being an Heiress : Tol-
Car, Good Angels Guard us. Exeunt with g.
Clo. Gattso! I never fenc d io Ill in my life — never in my life, split me

Enter Monsieur, 85 5
Mon. Sayr here be de Trompete, de Haut — bois, de Musique, de Maitre
Dancer, dey deseer to know if you sal be please to ave de Masque begin.
Clo. Hay! What does this Puppy say now |.
Mon: Sayr de Musique. .
Clo. Why ay — that's true but tell em plague on em, tell me
they are not ready tun'd.

bs The Fups Fo
Mon. ahr dere is all Tune, all prepare.

all, and I am Bubbled, and so I shan't be Married till next time : But I have
fought with him, and he has Disarm'd me, and so he won't release the Land,
nor give me my Miftres gall, and e am undone that's all. [Exeunt.

Enter cb Antonio, Officers and Servants.
Cha, Officer do your Duty: l say, scize em all.
Ant, Carry 'em this minute before a——how now! What all Fled : 8
Cha. Ha! my Girl ! my Child ? my Heiress! I am abus'd ! Tm Cheated 1

zm Robb'd: I am Ravisht, Murder'd, and Flung in a Ditch.

Ant. Who let 'em out ! "Which way went they Villains /

Ser. Sir, we had no Order to stopꝰ em But they went out at that Door, not ;

x minutes ago,

Cha. Pll persue ?em with Bills, Warrants, Actions, Writts, and Malice: Pm

a Lawyer, Sir, They shall find I understand Ruine.

Ant. Nay, "they shall be found Sir, run you to the Port sirrah, see if 2
Ships are going off, and bring us notice immediately.

Enter Sancho Drunk.
San. Ban, ban, Cac-caliban | (Sing s.)
Ant. Here comes a Rogue, bil war rant, Tae the bottom of all! where's my

don, Villain!

San. A huh 1-—Son Sir! |

Cha, Where's my Danghter firrah !

San. Daughter Sir 1 ahuh 1 |

Cha. Ay, my; Davgater Rascall ?

San. Why Sir, they told me Just now Sir—that she s ahuh t——she's run
away |

Ant. Dog where's your Master ?

San, My Master! Why they say he is——ahwh ?

Ant. Where firrah !

San, Why he is-——he is gone along with her.

Ant. Death] you Dag discover him, or
San. Sir, I will——-1| wil.

Ant. Where is he Villain!

San. Where Sir! Why to be sure he is be is upon my Soul, dont

know Sir.

Ant, No more Trifling Rascall.
San, If I do Sir, I wish this may be my Poison. (Drinks.)

Ant. Death! you Dog get out of my house, or 1 so Sir, have yon

found him.

Reenter the Servant Hastily, and Clodio:
Clo, Ay Sir, have you found 8

PR * 7 p £

Co. Ay! Why then tell em that my Brothers wise againg and has spoil'd

8 Love makes a aM

Ser. Yes Sir, I had sight of em: But they were ut got aboard a Final Ve

sel, before I cob d overtake *em.
8 Cha. Death, and Furies |
Ant, Whither were they bound: Kral! TEM |
Ser. Sir, I cou'd not discover that: But they. Sail full before the ind, with

1 aà very smart Gale.

4 4 What shall we do Brother? |

jd Clo. Be as smart as they Sir: Follow 'em!“ Follow em.

0 Cha. dend to the Port this moment, and e ee II persue em thro!
1 al the Elements !

N Clio. VIl follow you, by the Nortkern Star. Bs

l. Ant, Run to the Port again Rogue.: Hire a Ship, and tell? em n they most: "hoist

1 sayl immediately.

5 Clo. And you Rogue run to my Chamber, fill up my sauf-box——Cran it
$4 os hard you Dog, and be here again before you get hither. ;

hy Ant. What will you take nothing else Bo)!
Clio. Nothing Sir, but sautt, and 9Ppor nity ——we'r re in hast * Altons ! hey
1 le vole. * LExtt.
4th 75 708 4 HO} A NNE KT . ͤ ͤ— —————

SCENE is

Enter Elvira, Don Duart, and Governour.

Ely, Ear Brother, let me Intreat you, stay : Why will you provoke.
WA . your Danger ?
$4 D.Du. Madam, my Honour must be satisfied.
Wy! Ely, That's done already by the Degrading blow you gave him.
40 Gov, Pray Neice what is it, has incens'd him ?
| "0 Elv, Nothing but a necdless Quarrell,.

ne £44 7 . > . ; * a 7 :

Gov, I am sorry for him To whom is all this Fury Nephew ? -
D. Du. To you Sir, or any Man that dares oppose me.

Gov. Come! You are too Boisterous Sir, and this vain Opinion of your

Courage taken on your late success in Duelling, makes you day ly shun'd by Men
of Civil Conversation; For shame leave off these senseless Braules; if you are

Valiant as you wou'd be thought, turn out your Courage to the Wars, let

your King and Country be the better for't. ;
D. Du. Yes, so l might be General ir, no Man living shall command me.
Gov, Sir, you shall find that here in Lisbon I will: Pm every hour follow'd

my Authority, which you presume will bear you out, because you are my Nephew,
no longer shall Protect you now : Expect your next Disorder to be punind
with as much severity, as his that is a stranger to my Blood.
D. Du. Punisn me! You, nor your Office dare not dot.
Gov, Away! Justice dares do any thing she ought.
Elv. Brother, this Brutal Temper must be cast off: When you can master

my Prayers and Vows for your Conversion only : But never means, or Favonr.
D. Du. Fire! and Furies! I am tutor'd here like a meer School Boys Women
shall Judge of Injuries in Honour For you Sir—1 was born free, and

the Usage of a Man of Honour, or tis not your Government shall — you.
ln 25 Exit.
60. J am sorry to ice this, Neice, for your sake.
Flv. Wou'd he were not my Brother.

Enter Don Manuel, and Sailors with Angellina. ;
2 Mo N the spoil amongst you: This fair Captive I only Challenge
or my felt. | "> |
Gov, Ha 2 Some Prize brought in.
— Sail. Sir, she's yours, you fought, and well deserve her.

Gov, Noble Don Manuell: Wellcome on shore z I see you are Fortunate : For
presume that's some Uncommon Prize. :

D. a. She is indeed—— These ten Years l have known the Sea, and many
rogh Engagements there - But never saw so small a Bark so long defended
with such Incredible Valour, and by two Men scarce arm'd too.

Gov, Is't Possible?

D. Ma. Nay, and their Contempt of Death when taken, exceeds even all

okt they acted in their Freedom.

Gov, Pray tell us Sir. 1 | |

D. ta. When they were brought aboard us both Disarm'd, and ready to be
fetter'd, they look'd as they had sworn never to take the bread of Bondage,
nd on a sudden snatching up their swords (che younger taking first from this
fair Maid a farewell only with his Eyes) both leapt into the Sea,

Gov, *Tis wonderful indeed. |
D. Ma. It wrought so much upon 25 (nad not our own safetj hindred, at

$ * | | 9 25 Cs. 1 | * By N a FRE p ; 4 £4 | 1 ; | :
The Fop Fortune. 26
with Complaints of your behaviour from Men of almost all Conditions; and

that, you gladly shall command my Fortune. But if you fill persist, expect

vill not Curb my Spirit, nor is it safe for your Authority to tempt it: Give me

that

ad n * Wk .
go 4 ” 4 - 8 5 8 5 * 5

Gal, „ Or,

that time a great Ship persuing us) 1 wou'd in Charity have ta'n em up, and

with their lives they shou'd have had their liberty.

Ang. Too late, alas ! they're Jost!! (heart wounding thought“) for ever
lost! — 1 now am Friendless, Miserable, and a Slave. omen »
D. Man. Take comfort fair one, perhaps you yet again may see em: They
were not quite a League from snore, and with such strength, and courage broke
through the Rowling Waves, they cou'd not fail of life and safety.
Ang. In that last Hope, I brook a wretched Being: But if they're Dead,

my Woes will find so many Doors to let out life, 1 shaj) not long survive em.

Elv. Alas poor Lady” Come Sir, Mifer y but weeps the more when she is
Gov, | wait on you, your Ser vant Sir; — Ex, Ely, and Gov.

D. Ma. Now my fair Captive, tho! confess you Beutiful : yet give me leave
to own my Heart has long been in anothers keeping: Therefore the favour ] -
am about to ask you may at least hear with safeey. 1

Ang. This has engag'd me Sir to hear, |

D. Man. These three Years, I have Honourably lov'd a Noble Lady, her
Name LZoui/a, The Beauteous Neice of great Ferrara's Duke : Her Person, and
her Fortune Uncontroul'd, sole Mistress of her self and me, who long have

languish'd in an Hopeless Constancy : Now I perceive in all your Language,

and your looks a softning Power, nor can a suit by you Promoted be Deny'd :

Therefore I wou'd a while intreat your leave to recommend you, as her Companion,

to this Ladies Favour : And (as | am sure you'll soon be near her Cjcsest
thoughts) if you can think upon theHonest Courtefes I hitherto have shown
your Modesty, and in your Happy Talk, but name with any mark of Favoui
me, or my Unwearied Love, twou'd be a Generous Act, wou'd fix me evei
Grateful to its Memory. a wh |
Ang. Such Poor Assistance Sir, as one Distress'd like me can give sha!! wil.
lingly be Paid - If 1 can steal but any thoughts from my own Misfortunes, rest
assur'd, they'll be employ'd in healing Yours. |
D. Aa. Til study to deserve this Goedness: For the present think my Poor
2 your own, at Night I'll wait on you to the Lady: Till when 1 am your
uard. ES
Ang. You've bound me to your Service —— Ex, D. Man. and Angellina.

The SCENE Changes to a Church, the Vespers suppos'd to be just Ended, several
walking out: Carlos, and Don Lewis rising near Louisa, and Honoria. Louisa
observing Carlos,

Hon, Come, Madam, shall we walk out? The Croud's pretty well over now.

Lou. But then that Melancholy softness in his look! (to her fe.)

Hon, Cousen! Donna | oui sa 5

Lou. Ev'n in his Devotions, too such Graceful Adoration——{o sweet a—

Hon. Cousen! will you go? .

Lou. Pishah ! Time enough Prithee, let's walk a little this way.

Hon, What's the matter with her? (They walk, D. Lew, and Carlos)

IE 3s /

Car, To what are we reserv'd, CC
5 D. Tem. For no god I am afraid —my 111 luck don't use to give over,
when her hands in, she's always in haste — one Misfortune Generally comes
y Ga/loping in vpon the Back of another Drowning, we have escap'd Miracu-
8 lously, wow'd the Fear of Hanging were over too: Our being so strangely sav'd
from one, smells N-mnable Rank of the other: Tho 1 am obliged to thee Charles
for what life I have, and Pl thank thee for't if ever | ser foot upon my Estate
again: Faith I was just gone, if thou hadst not taken me upon thy Back the
1 lalt Hundred Yards, by this time 1 had been Food for Herrings, and Mackerel
hut it's pretty well as it is : For there is not much difference between
starving and Drowning——all in good time——we are poor enough on
4 Conscience, and ] don't know, but two more days fasting might really make us
hungry too. . | $2 | NE,”
Lou, They are strangers then, and seem in some neceslity. (Aside.)
Car. These are light wants to me, I find'em none, when weigh'd with An-
E gellina's loss ; When | reflect on her Distress, the Hardships, and the Cries of
d Helpless Bondage, the Insolent, the Deaf desires of Men in Power, O! I cov'd
4 wish the Fate, that sav'd us from the Oceans Fury, in kinder Pitty of our Loves
Distress, had buried us in one Wave Embracing. . 0
4. Lou, How tenderly he talks! This were indeed a Lover! (Aside.) b
0 D. Lew. A most Unhappy loss indeed: But come, don't Dispair boy: The -
5 | Ship that took us was a Portuguese,of Lisbon too | believe: Who knows but some EY. |
5 way, or other we may hear of her yet. a — W
ol Car. In that Poor hope I live O thou dread Power! Stupendous Author _
20 of Universal being, and of thy Wondrous Works, that Virgin-Wife the Ma- 170
F ster-Peice, took down upon her: Let the bright Virtues of her Untainted Mind 9
0 sue for, and Protect her: O let her Youth, her spotless Innocence, to which
l all Passages in Heav'n stand open, appear before thy Throne Distress'd, and
meet some Miracle to save her. | | %
Lou. Who wou' d not Dye to be so pray'd for? „„
wy D. Lew. Faith Charles, thou hast pray'd heartily ll say that for thee.so that if N
any good Fortune will pay vs a Visit, we are ready to receive her now, as soon \f
a8 she Pleases. Come] Don't be Melancholly. A }
Car. Havel not cause > Were not my force of Faith Superior to my Hopeless F
75 Reason, I cou'd not bear the Insults of my Fortune: But 1 have rais d my self by 15
225 Elevated Faith, as far above Dispair as Reason lifts me from the Brute. 3
D. Lew. Why now, wou'd not this make any one weep to hear a Young Man P
7 talk so finely, when he is almost fataish'd ? | | -
His Lou. What were you saying Cousen? _— . |
Hon. I wou'd have said, Madam, but you wou'd not hear me.
9 | Lou, Prithee forgive me, I was in the oddest thought: Let's walk a little,
2 50 him Dogg'd ! (side.) Jaques! (Whispers) what was t you ask'd me
due; e 52 |
0 Hon, The Reason of your Aversion to Don Manuel, you know he loves you.
tar, | Lou. I hate his Love, |

E 2 | | Fon.

Love all days of my life than Marry.

Love "YG a Mas: or,

Hon. But why Pray? Vou know He's Honourable, so is his relies Hor is his
Fortune less, I shou'd think the more Desireable, because his Courage, and his-

Conduct on the Seas have rais d it, Nay, with all this he's Extreamly Modest

Lou. Therefore might hate him.

Hon. For his Modesty ?

Lou, Is any thing so Sleepy, so Flat, and Lifipportable, as a. Modest Lover /
Hon. Wou'd you bear Impudence i in a Lover?

Lon. I don't know, it's more Tollerable in the Man, than the Woman, and

there must be impudence on one side, before they can both come to a Right Understanding.

Hon. Why, what wou'd you have him do ?
Lou, That's a very home Question, Cousen, but if 1 ia him, I cov'd tell

Hon. Suppose you did like him! Os be. 0
Lou. Then I wou'd not tell yon. „ EY
Hon, Why?

Lou. Cause l shou'd have more Discretion.

2 Bless me! Sure you wou d not do any thing, you wovu'd be asham'd to

Lou. That's true: But if one shou'd, you know Twou'd be lilly to tell. No
Woman wou'd be fond of shame, sure.

Hon. But there's no avoiding | it in a shameful Action.
Lou. Don't be so Positive.

Hon. All your Friends wou d shun you, Point at. you. 1

Lou. And yet you see there's a World of Friendship, and Good Breeding
among all the Women of Quality.

Hon. Suppose there be

Lon. Why then! suppose, that a great many of em are 8 hurried in
the Care of their Reputation.

Hon. So you conclude that a Woman doing an il! thing, does her no harm
while her Reputations safe.

Lot, It does not do her so much harm, and of two Evils, 'm always for choling
the least.

Hon. What need you choose either?
Lou. Because l have a Vast Fortune in my own hands, and Love Dearly to

do what J have a mind to.

Hon. Why won't you Marry then? |

Lou. Because then 7 must only do what my Husband wad à mind to: A0 [
hate to be Govern'd, on my Soul I wow'd not Marry to be an; English Wife;
not but the Dear jolting of an Hackney Coach, and an Easy Husband are
strange Temptations : But from the cold comfort of a Fine Coach with
Springs, and a dull Husband with none, Good Love deliver me: But then the
Insolence of ours is Insupportable ; Becanse the Nasty Law gives em a Power
over us, which Nature never design'd em: For my Part, I had rather be in

* 1 85 4 * y Wa F
x FY « a i 8 sp
4 ” hy" l 7 = -
B * o P N y « T ; * p
- 5 Ti S

Hon. That is, you had rather bear a Disease than the Cure. 8

Lou. Marriage is indeed a Cure for Love: But Love's a Disease I wowd
never be Cur'd of: Therefore no more Physick, dear Cousin, no more Husbands
I hate your Bitter Draughts— Not but I am afraid 1 ama little
Feavourish— You'll think me Mad: is |

Hon. What's the matter. . 5

Lou. Did you observe those Strangers that have walk d by us 2.

Hon. Not much, but what of them ? „ ä

Lou. Did you hear Nothing of their Talk? „ I :

Hon. I think I did, one of em, the Younger, seem'd concern'd for a Lost
Mistress. 3 8 |

Lou. Ay, but so Near, so Tenderly concern'd, his Looks, as well as Words,
speaking an Inward Grief that cou'd not slow from the Result of every common
Passion : 1 mo} know more of him.

Hon. What do you moan?” —

Lou, — Must speak to him.

Hen. By no means.

Lou. Why you see they are Strangers; I believe in some Necessity, and since
they seem not born to beg Relief, to offer it unask'd wou'd add some Merit
to tl; Charity, | >

Hon. Consider 3 |

Lou. | hate it Sir — Sir —

D. Lew. Wau'd you speak with me, Madam ? ;

Lou. It you Please, with your Friend — not to Interrupt you, Sir.

Car. Your Pleasure, Lady? | |

Lou. You seem a stranger, Sir?

Car. A most Unfortunate. | |

lov If | am not deceiv'd, in Want - Pardon my Freedom if I have
err'd, as freely tell me so: If not, as Earnest of your better Fortune, this Trifle
sues for your Acceptance. | | |

D. Lt. "Tae It 2

Car, A Bounty so unmerited, and from an hand unknown, fills me with
Surprize and Wonder But give me*leave in honesty to warn you, Lady, of a
too Heedless Purchase, for if you mcan it as the Bribe to any Evil you wou?d
have me Practice, be ad offended if i dare not take it.

Lou, How affably he Talks, how Chast, how Tsnnocent his Thoughts; he
must be von: — (aside )-- -- You are too Scre;julons, 1 have no hard designs
npon your Honesty ; — Only this --- be Wise and Cautious, if you
snou'd follow me: IJ am »t::rvc \ F*:ewell, Jaques i-— Will you walk
Cousin ?—— (Whispers Jaqr e. — and bring me word Immediately ——
am going home. [Exit Lon. and Hon.

D. Lew. Lets see, odsheart : follow her Man—- why *tis all Gold:

Car. Dispose i: as you Please. |

D. Lew. I'll first have a better Title ro't — no, tis all thine, Boy—— 1
hold an Hundred Pistols, she. {ome great Fortune in Love with you —— 1
lay Follow her —— since you have lost one Wife before you had her, Fd have

Jou make sure of another before you lose her. Car.

30 | Ine makes a Man; or,

Car. Fortune indeed has disposess'd her of m Person : But her "n Title
to my Heart, not all the Subtle Arts, or Laws of Love, can shake or Violate,
D. Lem.“ Prichce follow her now; 'merhinks Pd fain leo t hee in bed with
some body before Idye.
Cay. Be not so poor in Thought, let me intreat you rather to employ * em,
Sr, with mine in search of -Mgellina's Fortune. |
D. Lew. Well,-dear Charles, don't Chide me now. / do Love thee, and /
will follow thee. [Exeunt D. Lew. and Car,

Enter Antonio and Charino. SCENE the Street,

Ant. You hear what the Sailor said, Brother, such a Ship has put in here,
and such Persons were taken in it: Therefore my Advice is immediately to
geta Warrant from. the Governour to search and take em up WHEreever we
can find fem.

Cha. Sir, you mist not tell me — 7 won't be chonsd of my Daughter,
shall expect 'her, Sir, if not PII take my Course, / know the Law: (walks about.

Ant You really have a great deal of Dark Wit, Brother, but if you know
any Course better than a Warrant to search for her, in the Name of Wisdom
take it, it not here's my Oath, and your's, and how now, Where's
Clody —— oh; here he comes

Enter Clodio searching his Pockets.

How now © What's the mat ter Boy?
Cl, Ay: its gone, split me.

Ant. What's the matter * (louder.)
Clo, The best Joint in Christendom.
Ant. Clody:

Clo. Sir, 7 have lost my Snuff- box.
Ant. P*shaw 3 i a T1isle, get thee another, Man.
Clio. Sir, tis not to be had besides, J dare not show my Face at Paris
without it. What do you think her Grace will say to me?
Cha. Well, upon second Thoughts 7 am Content to search.
Clo. 1 have searcht all my Pockets Fifty Times over to no Purpose,
Cha. Pockets.
Clo. It's impossible to fellow it, but in Paris Il go to Paris, .
aside.
Cha. Ta Paris Why you don't suppose my Davghterfs there, Sir?
Clo. 1Idon*t know but she may, Sir, but I am sure they make the best Joynts
in Europe there.
Cha. Joynts :—— my Son in Law that shou*d ha' been seems strangely alter'd
for the worse. But come let's to the Governour.
Clo. l have a cryd faith, or, if that won't do, odd: J have a luck)
Thought, /1i offer Thircy Pistols to the finder, in the Paris Gaxet, in Pure
omplement to the Favours of M adam 1: Dutchess de — Mum. "1411 doe

Caith.
Ant. Come

Ant. Come along Clody. [Exit Ant. XY Charino.

Clo. Sir, I must look a 2 litele Fl slow you pretently; ho oor Pretty |
Box: Ah Plague o* my Sea- Voyage; | |

Enter a Servant hastily, with a Flam-beau,

Ser. By your leave, Sir, my Master's coming, Pray Sir clear the way.

Clo, Hay ! why thou art Pert, my Love! Prithee whois thy Master Child?

Ser. The Valigat Don Duart, 'Sir , Nephew to the Governour of Lisbon.

Clo. Well, Oba. and does he Eat every Man he meets ?

Ser. No, Sir, but he Challenges every Man that takes the Wall of him, and
allways sends me before to clear the way.

Clo. Hah ! a Pretty harmless Humour that! Is this he, Child ? — You

may look as Terrible as you Please, but I must Banter you, flux me. (aside.)

Enter Don Duart , stalking up to Clodio.
D. Du. Do you know me, Sir:
Cio. Rey ! ho! ( Looks cavelefly on him, and Con )
D Du. Do you know me, Sir?
Clo Y du did not see my Snuff. box, Sir, did you?

D. Du. Sis, in Lisbon no Man asks me a Question Cover'd. (strikes off Clo.

Hat) Now von know me.
Clo. Perfectly well, Sir,— hi! hi z like you mightily — you are not a
Bulle, Sir.

D Du. You are Sawcy, Friend.

Clo, Ay, its a way | have after I'm afronted — Thou art really the most

extraordinary —— umh :—— that ever 1 met with: Now Sir you do know

me, split me?
D. Du. Know thee z Take that, Peasant» (strikes him, and both hw.)
Ch. ] can't upon my Soul, Sir. Allons now we shall come toa TIE: understanding.
| (They fight.)
Ser. Help: Murder: help:

Clo, Allons; to our better Acquaintance, Sir. A Hahs (D. Du. falls.) --

He has it: Never pusht better in my Life, never in my Life, split me.

Ser. Oz my Master's KilPd » help ho ; Murder: help;

Clo. Hay : why Faith Child that's very true as thou say'it, and so the Devil
take the Hindmost. Exit Clo.

Enter Officers.

1st. Off, How now: Who's that cries Murder?

Ser. O, my Masters Murder'd : Some. of you follow me, this way he took z
lets after him help. Murder: help Exit.

2d. Offi. Tis Don Duart. |

% Off. So, Pride has got a Fall: He has Paid for t now: You have met
with your March faith, Sir. Come sets carry the Body to the good Lady his

Sister, Donna Elvira : You persus he Miontderer, FIL warrant him some Civil
Gentleman: Ve need not make too much haste, tor if he does {cape it's no great

matter — Come along, LExeunt with the Body
Ente

The Fops Ten, r

22 'Tuve mates a Man; or,

rlos, and Don Lewis, follond at some distance by Jaques and
Brovoes with a Chair,
1 D. Lew, Come along Charles, Pm sure 'tis she by their Description, and if
that Brawny Dog, the Captain, has Play'd her no foul Play, she snhalln“t want
# Ransom, if all my Estate can Purchase it. | |
Car. Now Fortune guide us. LExit. D. Lew. and Car,
Jaqu.: Thatés he, the Taller— be sure you spare his Person — only force
him into this Chair, and carry him as directed. |
1/k Bra, What must be done with the Old. Fellow?
Jaqu. We must have him too, least he shou*d Dog the other, and be
Troublesome. If he won't come quietly bring him any how — follow soft-
ly, we shall snap 'em as they turn the Corner. 55

A Noise of Follow, &c. Enter Clodio hastily from the other side.
Clo, Ah: Pox of their Noses: the Dogs have smelt me out: What shall
I dos If they take me I shall be hang'd, split me: Ha; a door open, faith Lell

in at a Venture. 1 LExXi.

n Enter

Re enter Bravoes with Carlos in a Chair, some halling in D. Lewis.
D. Lew. O my Poor Boy Charles: — Charles: — help: Murder z:

1/t Bra. Hold your Peace Fool, if you'd be well us'd z |
D. Lew. Sir, I will not hold my Peace: Dogs: Rogues: Villains z help;
f . Murder 2 | 5 |
e 1st Bra. Nay, then by your leave, old Gentleman so i bring him along:
1 D. Lew. Aw Ii aw aw; (They Gag him, and carry him head, and heels.) [Ex

0 ve SCENE, a Cbamber, Elvira, and her Servants with Lights.
158 Ely, Ys not my Brother come home yet?
is Ser. I have not seen him, Madam.
Elv. Go and seek him, go all, and every where—— 111 not to rest till you
return, take away your Lights too: For my devotions are all written in my
Heart, and I shall Read *em there without a Taper. LExit Servants.

Enter Clodio stealing in.
Clo, Ah? poor Clody: what will become of thee : Thy Condition, /*'m
afraid, is but very indifferent ' Follow*'d behind : stopt before, and beset
on both sides. Ah; Pox of my Wit: / must be Bantering must 1? But let

me sees Where am 7? an odd sort of an House, this — all the doors open,

and no Body int: No Noise: no Whisper 7 no Dog stiring:
Fl Elv, Who's that? |

Wk... Clo. Ha: a Womans Voice?

Wis) Elv. Who are you? Who waits there? Stephano, Julia;

ei Flo. Gadso : tis the Lady of the House, she canẽt see my Unfortunate Face
70 Jowever. 1385 even make her a grave Speech, tell her my Case, and beg,
he her Protection. 5 |

Elv. Speak, What are you

Clo. Madam, a most Unfortunate 3 n

Elv. 1 am sure you are a Man of most ill Manners, to press this boldly to my
Private Chamber: Whicher wou'd you? what want you?

Clo, Gracious Madam hear me, I am a Stranger most unfortunate, and my distress

has made me rudely press for your Protection; if you refuse it Madam, I am

undone for ever by— 1 say, Madam, I am utterly undone ! Twas coming
Faith! - [ aside.

Elv. Alas! his Fear confounds him: What is't pursues you, Sir ?

Clo, An outcry of Officers; the Law's at my Heels, Madam, tho! Justice lm
not afraid of, |

Elv. How cou'd you offend the one, and not the other?

Clo, Being provok' d, Madam, by the lnfolence of my Enemy, in my own defence,
I just now left him dead in the Street; | am very young, Madam, and T
would, not willingly be hang'd in a strange Country methinks, which | 3
shall be, unless your tender Charity protects me-— Gad, I have A rare Tongue, 1
have a rare Tongue, Faith! | aside,

Elv. Poor Wretch, I Pity him!

Clo. Madam, your Houle is now my only Sanctuary, my Alter, therefore I beg
you upon my Knees, Madam, take pity of a poor bleeding Victim.

Elv. Are you a Caftilian' ?

Cle, No Madam, | was born in——in—in— What de callum in

Elv, Nay, Lask you not with purpose to betray you, were you ten thousand
times a Spaniard, the Nation we Portuguese molt nate, in such distress I yet would
give you my Protection.

Clo. May I depend upon you, Madam; am I safe?

Eiv. Safe as my Power, my Word, or Vow can make you: Enter that Door
which leads you to a Closet : shou'd the Officers come, as you cxp.ct, tity owe |
{uch Reverence to my Lodgings, they'll scarch no farther than my Icave invites

Clo. D'ye think, Madam, you can e 1

Elv. Fear not, i'll warrant vous away!

Clo. The Breath of God: „ and Eloquence of Angels go along with you. [ Ext.

Elv, Alas, who knows but that the Charity I afford this Stranger perhaps my

Brother elt ewhere may stand in need of: How he trembles! 1 hear his Breath come

short hither ; be of comfort Sir, once more I give you my Solema Promise for your

lafety, .
Emer Servant and Officers, with D. Duart's Body.

Serv. Here, bring in the Body -—-O Madam, my Master” s kill'd.

Elv. What say'st thou?

Serv. Your Brother, adam, my Master Young Don Duart's dead, he just now
quarrell'd with a Gentleman, who unfortunately kill'd him. in the Strect.

Elv. fih me!

i. Ofi. We are inform . Madam, that the Martherer was scen to entez this
House, which made us preis into't to apprehend him.

34 Lowe makes a Man: Or,

Closet too has ne'er a Chimney to creep out at

Elv. Oh! |
Serv. Help ho, my Lady saints. |

1. O. Glve her Air, she?! recover, | [ Clodio peeps ir.
Clo, Hay ! —— why, what the Devil, am I safer than 1 wou'd be now ? —
ExaQly— | have nick'd the Houle to an hair—— Just so I did at Parit too, when
I took a Lodging at a Bayliffs that had three Writs against me This Damn'g
ah poor Clody! wou'd thou
wer fairly in a Storm at Sea again; for I am plaguy raid thou wer't not born to
be drown'd. | Se [ retire.

Ev. Stand off; my Sorrows will have way; O my unhappy Brother! such an
end as this thy h-ughty mind long since did prophesy ! and to encrease my nijsery,
thy wretched Sister wilfully mutt make a breach of what she's vow'd, or thou
fall unreveng'd: Revenge and Justice both stand knocking at my Heart, but Hospitable
Faith has barr'd their entrance ; if I thou'd give 'em way, L am forsworn ;
if not, am impious to a Brother's memory. Is there no means? no middle Path
of safety left? must I protect my Brother's murtherer? or break a solemn VOw, on
which another's Life depends?

Euter Governor, and Servants.
Gov. Where's this unhappy Sight ? — alas! he's Gone past all recovery,

Reproof comes now too late.

Ele. It {hall be foz I'll take the lighter Evil of the two, and keep the solemn
Vow to which just Heay'n was witness: The Wounds of Perjury never can be
but Justice may again o'retake the murtherer, when no rash Vows proted

Gov. Take comfort, Niece.

Elv. O forbear; search tos the murtherer, and remove the Body, at your dilcretion,
Sir, to be interr'd, while 1 shut out th' offensive day, and here in soltude
indulge my sorrow: Therefore I beg my nearest Friends, and you, my Lord,
for some few days, to spare your Charitable Visits,

Gev. | grieve for your misfortune, Niece 5 but since you'll have it so, we tale
our leaves: Farewell — bring forth the body. [ Ext,

Clo, Hay! what aze they gone away without me? and by her Contrivarce

Etv. Whoe're thou art, to whom I've giv' means of Life, to let thee see with
what Religion I have kept my Vow , come feailcts forth, while Night's th
Friend, and pals unknown.

Cle. If this is not Love, the Devil's in't. [ side,
Etv. Fly with thy utmost speed where I may never sce thee more. |
Clo. Ay, that's her mocetiy. | Hfde.

Elv. And let that Charitable Faith thou hast found in me, persuade thce to atone
thy Crime by Penitence.

Clo. Poor Soul, I may find a better way to thank thee for't,

Ely. Tou are at the Dons now, farcwell for ever. :

Clo. Which is as much 4: to lay, what weu'd I give to see you again All in
£009 thne Ch d oo. e

e End of the Third Act. ACT

All in

no? -Y 7 a ,
a ; * a

Enter Don Duart in his Night- Gomn, Surgeon, and Servant.

D. Du AY 1 venture yet abroad, Sir?
M Sur. Wich safety, Sir; your Wound was never dangerous:
though from your great loss of Blood, you seem'd a while withcut
all sigus of Lite, N 5 | |

P. Da. Sir, do you know, if the Gentleman that wounded me be in Custody?.
” =

355 He was never taken, Sir, ner known, that I cou'd hear of. |

D. Du. 1 am sorry for't; for cou'd I find him, which now shall be my carne

care, I wou'd with real Services acknowledge him my best of Friends, in having
prov'd so fortunate an Enemy: he has bestow'd on me a second Life, which from
aclearer inlight of my (elf, will teach me now to use it better too: How dees my
iter seem to bear my Fortune? |

Sur. | never knew the lols of any Friend lamented with more real sorrow
; {he suffers none to visit her, nor is she yet acquainted with your
Recovery. . -- 3 % |

D. Du. 1 wou'd not have her yet, nor any of my Friends: No moisture sooner
dries than Womens Tears, and tho' I am apt to think my Sister honest in her
Sorrow, yet knowing her a Woman still, I am resolv'd to make a farther tryal of
her Vertue. .

Sur. Sir, you may command my Secrecy.

D. Du. I thank you Sir, twill oblige me Boy.

Ser. Sir. | |

D. Du. Do you think you know again the Gentleman that fought with me?

Serv. I believe I may, Sir.

D. Du. I'd have you suddenly euquire him out; he seem'd by his Deport of
ow or England; if so, you'}l probably find him in some Leud House or
other.

Serv. Rather at Church Sir, for no body will suspect him there.
D. Du. Seek him every where; come Sir, I wait on you.

[ Excunt.
[The SCENE changer to Louisa's House : Don Manuel, and Angellina.]

D. Ma. Now Madam, let my hard Fortune teach you a little to endure your
own. You see with what severe neglect she still receives my humble Love; nothing
1 say, or do, has any weight or motion in her Thoughts for me.

Ang. You are too dissident of your Fortune; I wou'd not have an honest mind
despair : She seem'd indeed a little careless of you. you gave her no off.nce,
I'm confident 3 see here {she comes; take heed how you displease her by an

F 2 Impatiem

Toe Fops's Fortune. 7”

36 love mals a Man: Or,

Impatient Stay — Pray go, in the mean time PII chink of you, — indeed ]
will. | 5 „ | ;
D. M.. 1 am Yours for ever | [ Excunt severally,

Enter Louisa, and Jaques, Servants waiting. |

Lou. Were they both seiz d?

Jad. Both, Madam, and will be here immediately; Tran before, to give your
Laidyfhip notice. |

Lov. You know my Orders: When they are enter'd, bar all the Doors, and on
Your Lives, let every one be mute, as I directed you-— IT must retire. a while,

RE” [ Exxtuni.

Enter Bravo's, who let Carlos out of the Chair , while others throw dern Don
Lewis gagg'd and bound.

Car. So Gentlemen, you find Pve not resisted you but now pray let me
know my Crime? why have you brought me hither ? where am 1? if in Prison,
look in my Face, perhaps you have mistaken me for another, :

[ Jaques holds up his Lanthorn, nods , and Exit with the rest.

You seem to know me Sir— All dumb, and vanish'd : |

My Fortune's humorous, she sports with me,

D. Lew. Aw! Aw! | AB
Car. What's here! a Fellow-Prisoner! Who axe you?
D. Lew. Aw.! aw! - 4
Car. Do you speak no other Language ?

D. Lew. Aw! aw! aw! 1 U Louder.
Car. Nay, that's the same.
D. Lew. -Auh ! [ Sighing.

Coe, Poor Wretch! 1 am afraid he wou'd speak if he cou'd.
[e. enter Jaques and Servants, with Lights, who release Don Lewis.
Jure they think 1 walk in my sleep, and won't speak for fear of waking me.
DP. Lex. Sir, Your-molt humble Servant, and now my Tongue's at liberty;
Pray ill you do me the favour to shew me the way home again?
What a Pox, are you all dumb! — Exeunt Mute.
Well Sir, and pray what axe — Charles! ah! my dear Boy ! i Kisses him.
Car. My Uncle! nay thea, my Fortune has not quite forsaken me! how came
you hither, Sic? | |
D. Lew. Faith, like a Corps into Church, Boy, with my Heels formost; but prithee
how didst thou come?
Car, You saw the Men that seiz'd us, they forc'd me into a Chair, and
brought m2. | | 8 | |
D. Lon: Well, but a Pox plague'em, what is all this for? what wou'd they
have: |
Car. That we mult wait their pleasure to be inform'd of; they have indeed allarm'd
my Rcason, not my Conscience, that's still at rest, fearbess of any
Danger. .
D. Lem.

D. Lew. The Sons of Whores won't speak neither; Hey day ! what's to be
done noẽ-w?? |

Enter Jaques, and Servants with a Banquet, Wine, and Light,

Car. More Riddles yet! I dream sure.
| [Jaques complements D. Lewis to take his Chair.
D. Lew. For me? Sir, Your most Humble Servant: [fits] Charles! fit down
Boy! | 1
Ha! ha! he la Parcel of silly dumb Dogs! js this al! the business?

puppies! did they think } wow'd not come to Supper, without being brought Neck

and Heels to't ? | a .
Car. Amazement all! what can it end in? 8
D. Lew. Never trouble thy Head, prethee: Pox of Questions; fall too man

Delicate Food truly — Here — Dumb Prithee give's a Glass of Wine to wet the

way a little? come Charles, here's, here's = Honcst Dumb's Health to thee: [ drinks}
Dumb's a very Honest Fellow, Faith. [Claps Jaques on the Head.
Car. What Harmony is this? [A Flonrish }

D. Lew. Rare Musick indeed ! let's eat, and hear it. | [ Mufich bere] |

Mighty fine truly —— 1 have not made an heartier Meal a great while,
1 Here Jaques affers 2 Night-Gown and Cap to D. Lewis.
Well, and what's to do now Lad ? for me Boy ? Ods so! we lie here, dowe?

mighty well, that again Faith: [ For I was jusi thinking to go home, but that I had

ne er a Lodging | Nay, I always laid Honest Dumb knew how to make his Friends
welcome —<— well, but it's time enough yet, shaln't we crack a Bottle fitst?
Charles is melancholly, | | | [ Jaques shakes hir Had.
What! that's as much as to say, if I won't go, I shall be carried.-—— Sir, your
Humble Servant: | Puts on the Gown | well Charles, good night, tince they won't
let me have a mind to fiay any longer: I'd give a Pistole tho', to know what this
will come to ! Dumb come along. | F Exernt,

Car. I'm buried in Amazement — why am | busied thus in Trifles, having {©
many nearer Thoughts that wound my Peace — Ha, more Mufick! Tcou'd almolt

say, 'twere welcome now. |

| [4 SONG here, which ended, D. Lewis appears above. }

D. Lew, So! at last J have grop'd out a Window, th:t will let me into the

Secret: Now If any Foul Play shau'd happen, I am pretty near the Strcet roo,

and can baul out Murther to the Watch — |
But Mum! the Door opens

Enter Louisa, -

Hay | ah! what dull Rogues were we not to suspæc this before ? — Dumb's a
fly Dog; *tis the , Faith — tum, dum, dum — here will be fine work preently
3 toll, dum, di, dum — Nou I hall (ce what mettle my Boy's made of;
Jam, dum, dum. |

Lov, You seem amaz'd, Sir,

3 KY N = 5 4 9 * : EY
T Piruwe: bp

4 — : : þ | wa ,

Car. Your Pardon, Lady, if I confess it raises much my wonder, why a Stran.
ger, friendless, and unknown, shou'd meet unmerited {ach floods of, courtely ? fox
if Imisiake not, once this day before, I've tasted of your bounty.

Lov. | have forgot that, but I consess I saw you, Sir. IPO

Car. Why then was | forc'd hither? if you reliev'd me only from a soft compal.
sion of my Fortune, you cou'd not think but such Humaniry might on the slightelt
hint have drawn me to be grateful. N | -

Lov, I own | cou'd not trust you to my Fortune; I knew not but some other
might have fecn you — beside, methought you spoke less Kind to me be.
fore. |

Car. If my poor Thanks were offer'd in too plain a Dress (as I confess, I'm little
practic'd in the Rules of grac'd behaviour,) rather think me ignorant, than rude,
and pitty what you cannot pardon. . |

Lov. Fye! youare too modest———how cou'd you charge your self with such a2
Thought? I scarce can think *tis in your Nature to be rude-——z at least to our

Car. Twere more unpardonable there. |

Lov. Nay, now you are too strict on the other side; for there may happen
Times, when what the World calls Rudeness, a Woman might be brought to pardon;
Sealons when even modesty were Ignorance=—Pray be seated Sir,—nay, III
have it {o—I say, sometimes too much Respect pray be nearer, Sir | were molt of.
fenfive: Suppose a woman were reduc'd to offer Love, her pains of shame are insupportable;
and shou'd she call that Lover rude, who kindly conscious of her
wishes, bravely resolves to take, and saves her modesty the guilt of giving? Sup.
pose your self the man so lov'd, where cou'd you find at such a time Excuses for
your Modesty ? 7

Car. If I cou'd love again, my Eyes wou'd tell her; if not, I shou'd not easily
believe; at least, in Manners, wou'd not seem to understand her,

Lov. Alas! you have too poor a sense of womens love. Think you we have no
invention? you wou'd not understand her, how wou'd you avoid it? when ev'n
her slightest look wou'd speak too plain for that Excuse; if not, she'd still proceed
Thus gently steal your Hand, and sigh, and press it to her Heart, and
then look wishing in your Eyes, till Love himself shot forth, and wak'd you to
Compassion.

Car. Amazing! can she be the Creature she describes?

Lov. O they have such subtle ways to (teal into a Lover's Heart; nay, if she's resolute,
not all your strength of Modesly can guard you; she'd press you fill with
plainer, stronger Proofs 3 her Life, her Fortune shou'd be yours: For where a
Woman loves, such Gifts as these are Trifles; thus like the lazy minutes wou'd
she teal em on. which once but past, are quite forgotten. [ Gives him Ferrell.

Car. Is't poslivle! can there be such a Woman ?

Lov. Eye! I cou'd chide you now; you wou'd not sure be thought so slow of
Apprchension.

Car. l wou'd not willingly be thought so vain, or so uncharitable to suppese there
cou'd be such a one, | |

Lw. Nay, now you force me to forsake my Sex, and tell you plain — I cannot
speak it vet you mult know — But tell me, must ] needs blush to own a Pa-
sion

son that's so tender of- you? 1 am this Creature so reduc'd for you, and all
you've seen supposed was Natural, all but the soft result of n Love —
Why are you still thus nat, and silent! what is't you fear ?

Car. Monstrous! | 8 | | aside and Rift ing.

Lev. What ist you start at?

Car. To {ee a Building of so Glorious a Proportion, such Harmony of Parts, out-

Transporting to the View, contain within such base Inhabitants, the
Riot of whose Joose Desire has foul'd it ev'n offensive to the sense of Vir tue

Wou'd you deserve my Love?

Ly. More willingly than Life. |

Car. Not for your Beauty, tho I confess you Fai air to a perfection, Compleat
in all that may Engage the Eye: But when that Beauty Fades, (as Time leaves
none unvilited ) what Charm shall then secure my Love? Your Riches? no
an honeti Mind's above the bribes of Fortune: For tho distressed, a Stranger,
and in want, | thus return em Thankless: be Modest, and be Vnuous, Pit admire
you, all Good Men will Adore you, and when ygur Beauty, and your
Fortune are no more, will still deliver down your Name cr'd to Ages: But
while you thus enslave your Generous Reason to so Intemperate a Folly, your
very Nature (seems inverted : Con'd you but one moment calmly lay it by, you'd
find it luch a vile Indignity to your Sex as Modesty could never Pardon.

Lw. It 1 appear tov free a Lover, and talk beyond the usual Courage of my
Sex, torgive me; ; 1*il be again the fearful, softning Wretch, that you'd have me:

my Wishes hal! he Dumb, unicls my Eyes may speak em, or if I dare to touth

your Hand ic ihall be gently trembling and unperceived as Air: nay fix't, and
filet, as your hade, 11 watch whole Winter Nights content, and listning to
your Slumbers: Is this Intemperance ? sor pitty ipeak, for | confess your hard
reproofs have fuck upon wy Heart! O say you will be mine, and make your
own Conditions, If you suspect my Temper, bind me by the most Sacred Tye,
and let my Love, my Person, and my Fortune Lawtully be yours.

Car. Take heed ! Consider yet, if ev'n this Humility be not the Offspring of

your firtt untul) Pailion : But since at leatt it carries something a better Claim to
my Concern, I ve at once Sincere, and tell you 'tis Impossiole, that we should
ever meat in Love.

Lo. Imp flible O! why!

Car, Be aug tag Love, my Vows, and Faith are given to another: Therefore
fe gu tind 1 dare be Honest, be carly Wise, aud now iclease me to my
Fortune. 2.

Lw. cannot Part with you !

8 5 Lou I mult, T cinnot with my Reason — Pray let me pass ! why do you
thus be en my Arm, and firain your Eyes, as they had Power to hold

Lo UL ratesul! will you go? take heed ! for you have prov'd I am net

Mitt: - 411 "oY Lemper.

ya 14 e it and am sorry: But necded not this Threat to drive me: For fil

Lov.

2 A A one atios beb E 5 a NIECE * . PET EIT _— .
r 6 | f — 4 . * 98 © ; R a? —
40 - Love makes a Vian: Or

Io. © Torture! Left! Refus'd ! Despis'd! have T thrown off my Pride for
this-! O! Insupportable!— If 1 am not Reveng'd, may all the well,
| 5 1 0 . | Walk, D. sor der 1
P. Lew, What a Pox, are all these fine things come to nothing then? <=. poor
Scul ! she is in a great heat truly — ah! filly Rogue! — now could J find in
my heart to put her into good humour again —— I have a great mind faith __
Odd! she's a hummer! —— A {trange mind, I han't had such a mind a great
while —Bay! - ay! PII do't faith— if she does but stay now, ah! if she does but
stay! As be is getting from the Balcony Louisa is speaking to Jaques
Lav. Who waits there? Dy |

N LW N f | | ; - |
1 . Enter Jaques.

Wherc's th: Stranger? L's 8 „ >
Jag. Madam I met him just now walking hastily about the Gallery.
Lov. Are all the 17 fast? 8
Faq. All barr'd, Madam.
Lor. Put out all the Lights too, and on your lives let no one ask or answer

„ him to any Question: But be you still near to observe him. Exit Jaques,
Pt, 0 Ah! P V | : [ Don Lewis Drops down. 0 P
. 1 D. Lew. Odso! my Back | =
4 Lov. Bless me, who's this? what are you?

1% | D. Lew. Not above Fifty, Madam.

wy Lov. Whence come you, what's your Business ?
D. Lew. Finishing,
4 Lov, Who shew'd, who brought you hither ?
0 N 5 D. Lew. Dumb, honest Dumb. |
I Lov, Will you be gone Sir, | have no time to fool away.
9 D. Lew. Ves, but you have; what! don't I know!
Lo. Pray Sir who! what is't you take me for? ;
Wh D. Lew. A delicate piece of work truly, but not finisned; you understand me.
Lov. You are mad, Sir. | £5
D. Lew. I say don't you be modest: for there are times do you see, when
ev'n Modesty is Ignorance (pray be seated, Madam — nay I'll have it so:) ah!
Sits down, and Mimicks her behaviour 10 Carlos.
Lor, Confusion ! have 1 exposed my self to this Wretch too! had witnesses of
my Folly — nay I deserve it. | Stands Mute.
D. Lew, So! So! I shall bring her to terms presently — you have a world
of pretty Jewels here Madam — ay these now—- these are a couple of fine
large Stones truly, but where a Woman loves, such Gifts as these, are Trifles.

LY Lor. Insupportable ! within there! | Mimicks again,
7 "Ml | Enter Servants and Bravoes.
D. Lom. Hay! ; [ Rismg.
10 Ser. Did your Ladiship call, Madam?

D. Low. J don't like ker looks, faith. D Aside.
Lov, Here

Tbe Fop's Fortune:
Low. Here ha this Fool , let him be gage'd, 17 d neck ood heels, and lockt
int o 2 Garret: away with him. 2

D. Lew. Dumb ! Dumb ! help Dumb! stand by me Dumb! A pox of my Finilhing,
Aw I aw! They Gagg him, and Carry bim off.

Len. The Insolence of this Fool was more provoking than the others Scorn,

But I (hall yet — ways to measure my Revenge, ; | L Exit —
e Carlos in the Dark. "Jt _ *

Car. What can this evil Wonen mean me! the L Doors all barr'd1 the lights
put out! the Servants mute, and the with Fury in her Eyes now shot regardle(s
by me: I wou'd the worst wou'd show it (elf, Ha! Yonder's a Light, PH follow
it, and Provoke my Fortune. | £ OZ | E |

The S. CE N E Changes to cok Room:

Angellina with 4 Light, |

Ang. I cannot like this House : : For now bue going to my Rest, my Ears were
arum'd with the Cries of one that call'd for Help: T've seen irange Faces too,
that carry Guilt and Terror in their looks; and yet the Officer that plac'd me
here appear d of Honest Thoughts — what can this mean? No matter what,
lince nothing, than the loss of him I love can worse befall me ! —— Hark! what
Noise ! is the door fast? Ah! | | going to Shut it.

5 [ Re-enter Carlos, and J:ques. Lifning:

Car. Ha! another Lady! and alone! | e 2h

Ang. Heaven's how I Tremble!

Car, Sure by her surprise she is not of the other's Connell — Pardon this Intrution
Lady, 1 am-a Stranger, and Distress'd, be not Dismay'd ; 1 have no 22
designs, unless to beg your Charitable Assistance be Offeniive. |

Ang. Ha! that Voice ! © - [amazd!

Car. Save me you Powers! and give me Arcngeh to year this Inlupporiable
Surprize of Rushing Joy.

Ang. My Carlos — oh!

Car, Tis she! my long lost Love, my living Angelina. bi Embraces her.

Jig. Say you so, Sir ! this shall to my Lady, | Exit Jaques,

Ang. O let me hold you ever thus, least Fate again shou'd 52005 us.

Car. Twas Death indeed to part; but from so hard a sep ration thus again to
meet, is Life restor'd, it draws whole Vears to Hours; and we grow Oid with
Joy in Moments.

Ang. O1 were Happy, blest above my Sex, cou'd but my plain simplicity of
Love deserve these kind Endearments.

Car. Ist Possible ! thou Miracle of Goodnese, thit thou canst thus forget the Miery,
the Want, the Ruin my Unhappy Love has brought thee to? Trust me,
that stormy thought has clouded e v'n the very Joy I had to lee thee,

G Enter

os Ü˙¹ AAA A
es Og Sh dM ——

CEL . r —— Ee GR RES en ES Dos 225

AT IC ( de.

f 4H Ins
U 4 th
it "us
li 1 a;
if me
i "IMs

le maler a Man: Or,

able Lover?

Enter Jaques and Lovisa at a distanee. TE

Jag. There they are; from hence your Ladiship may hear em.
Lon. Leave me. 1 Exit Jaques, and Lou. listens,
Ang. | cannot bear to see you thus: for my sake don't defpond: For while you
seem in hope, 1 shall easily be cheerful, 9 5

Car. O thou Engaging Softness | thy Courage has revivd me; No, wel

not despair; the Guardian Power that hitherto has sav'd us, may now with le
experce of Providence, protect, and fix us happy. 2
Low. Ha f so near acquainted | —

2 Celia
Car, And yet our safety bids us part this moment; How came you bibs ? ;
Arg. The Officer that made me Captive, prov'd a worthy man, and placd me

here as a Companion to the Lady of this Dwelling,

Car. Hat to what end? ns Ska 5 3

Ang. He said, to be the Advocate of his Successless Love; for he consesi he
woed her honourably. | | |

Car, Is' t possible ? is there a Wretch so curs d among mankind to be her Honour.

Lin. So, [in Anger, |

Car. Take heed, my Love, avoid her as a Disease to Modesty.

Low, Very well. pe ad |

Car. O I have such a shameful Tale to tell thee of her intemperance, as wou'd
subject her even to thy loathing, | n

Lox. Insolent! — well:

Ang. You amaze me, pray what was it?

Car, This is no time to tell; I had forgot my Danger: Let it suffice, the Doors |
are barr'd against me; now, this moment I am a Prisoner to her Fury; if thou

cansi help me to any means of Safety, or Escape, ask me no Questions, but be quick,
and tell me. | att

Ang. Now you frighten me; but here through my Apartment leads a Passage
to the Garden,at the lower end you'll ind a Mount; if you dare drop from thence,
I'll show you: But can't you say when | may hope again to see you?

Car. About an Hour hence be walking in the Garden, ready for your escape for
if live, III come provided with the means to make it ture: — Now I dare thank
thee, Fortune.

Ang, You will not fail. |

Car. If | survive, depend on me; till when may Heav'n support thy Innocence.

Ang. Follow me. 5 k [ Exeunt bastily.

Lox. Are you so nimble, Sir? Who waits there? [ Enter Jaques,

Run, take help, and {top the Stranger, he is now making his escape through the

Garden , fly. | | OO [ Exit Jaques.

Love and Revenge like Vipers gnaw upon my Qutet, and I must change thei

Food, or leave my Bring; though J cou'd bear ev'n the low Contemę t he has

thrown on me, cou'd i: but woe him to the least return of Love: but I wou'd bear

age in ten thuusand Racks, rather than confess this Dotage : No, if I forcgo 3 e-

con d time that dcar sapport, my Pride, may Ibecome as miserable as a

m— Fs au e

that destin d Fool he doats on. Ha! she is return d ! Yonder she.passes 3 with
what afsur'd contentment in her Looks! — How pleas
y impudent— sure ! the ugly Creature thinks I won't strangle her.
Now have you brought him? e |
aq. Madam, we made what hast we cou'd, but the Gentleman reach'd the
Mount before us, and elcap'd over the Garden Wall.
Lou. Escap'd, Villain! darest thou tell meso? f
Jag. If Your Ladiship had call'd a little sooner, we had taken him,
Who the Devil is this Stranger? bh £.. | | aside.
Loy, Fool that Tam, I betray my self to my own Servants —— well, tis no
matter, bid the Bravos (tay, I have Directions for em; Go. { Exit Jaques.
le has not left me hopeless yet; an Hour hence he has promis'd to be here again,

and if he keeps his word (as I've an Odious Cause to fear he will) he yet at least

n my Revenge shall prove me Woman. | [ Exit Low.

SCENE The Street, ;
Enter D. Duart disquis'd, with a Servant.
D Da. Where did you find him ?

Ser, Hard by, Sir, at an House. of Civil Recreation; he's now coming forth
that's he. | e

Enter Clodio.

D. Du. I scarce remember him, [ wou'd not willingly mistake—T'll observe him-
Civ. So! Now if 1 can but pick up an Honest Fellow to crack one Healing Bottle,

| [think I (hall finish the Day as smartly as the Grand Seignior— hold, let me see--

what has my hasty Refreshment cost me here umh — umh — umh | counts

bs Money] Seven Pistoles by Jupiter: why, what a plaguy Income this Jade must

have in a Week, if she's paid thus by the Hour.
D. Da. Tis the same; leave me. | Exit Servant. ] Your Servant, Sir.
Clo, . Sir Your Humble Servant. | >
D. Du, Pardon a Stranger's freedom, Sir; but when you know my business —
Clo, Sir, if you'll take a Bottle, I thall be proud of your Acquaintance; and if I
don't do your business before we part, P'll knock under the Table.
D. Du. Sir, I shall be glad to drink with you, but at present am incapable of sitling
to't, | |
Clo. Why then, Sir, you shall only drink as long as you can stand, we'll have
a Bottle here, Sir—— Hey, Madona = | calls at the Door,
D. Da. A very Frank humour'd Gentleman, III know him farther — I presume,
Sir, you are not of Portugal? | | :
Clo. No, Sir lam a kind of a=— what decallum—— a sort of a Here. -
and therian; Iam a Stranger no where.
D Da, Have you travell'd far, Sir?
Cl. My Tour of Europe, or so Sir
mer from the Jubilee.
D. Da. Did you make any stay there, Sir? G 2 Cle.

Dangled about a little; 1 came this Sum-

The Fop's Fame. 43
d the Thing is — strange-

[Enter Jaques.

20 Hg Ws

— | . ? * 2 N n 3
8 0 | 7 5 * 1 Nen BIN
4 | r W 5 ab
% * ST Bt * 3 I 1 & a
44 ove Makes 4 Man: Or,

Clo. No, Sir, I only call'd in there, at the Salvation-Office ; just bought an
Annuity of Indulgences for life; got an Insurance for my Soul; lay with a
Nun, Flux'd ; and so came home again. [Enter Servant with Mine.

So so! here's the Wine! Come! Sir, to our better Acquaintance
Faith I like you mightily — Allons ! shoques Baises done! [ Kisses, Drink,
Parbleu! cest du BonVin:Allons encore hey! Vive L'amour![Quand Iris, &c. Sing.
D. Du. I find, Sir, you have taken a Tast of all the Countries you have
Travell d; but, I presume, your chief Amusement has lain among the Ladies:
You far'd well in France, I hope. 2 | Fo
Che. Ves faith, as far as my Pocket wou'd go: But the Devil a stroke with.
out it: No Money, no Mademoiselle: No Ducate, no Dutchess ; no Pistole,
no Princess By the way, let me tell you, Sir, your Lisbonites are held u
at a pretty smart rate too — I was forc'd to come down to the Tune of se-

—— by — — = 4 — — — — - ” s . * — —
5 A 222 — —_ "— f C | ng R — pg oor GY \
< Cp, =. I oe oe at Fc, oi worn ge TR. e 7 — .
72 . = A ? N 3 = a
4b — RT. EF I 245 £ — — 5

— ET TN

ane i

Ad = —L 1 n

— may — —

— HARA

6 4 0 ven Pistoles here -A man may keep a Pad of his own, cheaper than he can

3 ride Post, split me: But, a Pox on em, it's no pier the Jades are so sawcy
139 in a Country, where there are so many Swarms of unmarried Fryars, Monks,
WT and Brawny Jesuits : The Game may well be scarce, faith, where there are
T1 so many Canonical Poachers : Now, Sir, in England, where your Gowns

and Cassocks are honesily married, the right Women are as cheap as Macke.
16s rel—— Gad, Sir, I have taken you a Fasting Velvet Scarf out of the Side.
Ro box there, and the Jade has jump'd at a Beek stake and a Bottle; nay, some.
times at Coach-hire, and a single Glass of Cinamon — Seven Pistoles! Un-
1 conscionable ! Odsheart, in London now for half the Sum a Man might have
pickt up the three first Rows of the Middle-Gallery. |

(Re | D. Du. Ifind, Sir, you know England then! Ts

Ml Clo. Ay, Sir, and every Woman there, that's worth knowing, from honest

Betty Sands to the Countess of Ogletown: Yes, Sir, I do know London pretty
75 well, and the Side-box, Sir, and behind the Scenes, ay, and the Green Room
too, and all the Girls, and Women- Actresses there, Sir — Sir I was a whole
1 Winter there the particular Favourite of the Giggling Party Come, Sir, if
If 1 you please, here's Mils Riggle's health to you, N
FIR | D. Du. Pray, Sir, how came you so well acquainted there?

Clo. Why, Sir, I first introduc'd my self with a single Pinch of Bergamot
ns, . the next night I presented em a Box- full; next day came to Rehearsal ; in a
N Week I desird 'em to use my Name whenever they pleas'd for what the
Chocolate house assorded - upon this I was chosen Valentine, if I don't mi-
9 | stake, to about Eleven of em; and in three days more I think it cost me
8: & fifty Guineas in Gloves, Knots, Heads, Fans, Muffs, Coffee, Tea, Snuff. boxes,
Orangerie, and Chocolate. | |

Y D. Du. But, pray Sir, were you as Intimate at both Play-houses ?

WK | Cle. No, stretch em! at the New House they are so us d to be Queens and

We |, Princesses, and are so often in their Heirs-Royal, forsooth, that I ged ! theres

no reaching one of their Copper-tails there, without a long Pole, or a Settlement

split me. e

D. Du. But I wonder, Sir, that in a Country so fam'd for Handsom Wobt
men, the Men are so generally blam'd for their scandalous Usage of em.

Clo. O

> OY 2 at's 4 . * Je”
- — = * / 1 N 7 — wi ” c 8 * ”
* 31 — : ak *. 44 %

* * = 1 G * FP <= 2 £4 1 * * 3 —y % *
o = DOE 5

i a * * M7 : * 1 A C I I. XA +

Clo. O Damn'd Scandalous, Sir— they use their Mistrefses as bad as their
Wives, Faith : I tell you what, Sir, I knew a Citizens Daughter there, that

ran away with a Lord, who in tH# first fix months of her preferment never

stir d out but she made the Ladies cry at her Equipage ; and about eight

months after, I think, one morning reeling pretty early into a certain house
in the Savoy, I found the self-same, cast- off, solitary Lady, in a Room with
bare Walls, Dressing her dear, pretty Head there, in the Corner bit of a
Looking-glass, prudently supported by a Quartern-Brandy-Pot upon the Head
of an Oylter-barrel. 0 _

D. Du. I find few Mistresses make their Fortune there: but pray, Sir,
among all your Adventures, has no particular Ladies Merit encourag'd you
to advance your own by Marriage. Z |

Clo. Sir, I have been so near Marriage, that my Wedding day has been
come, but it never was over yet; split me.

D. Du. How so, Sir. =

Ch. Why the Priest, the Bride, and the Dinner were all ready drest, faith;
but before I cou'd fall to, my Elder Brother, Sir, comes me in with a Damn'd
long stride'and a sharp Stomach — said a short Grace, and-— whipp'd her
vp like an Oyster. f 1 |

D. Du. You had Ill fortune, Sir. | |

Cho. Sir, Fortune is not much in my Debt: for you must know, Sir, tho? |

I lost my Wife, I have scap'd hanging since here in Lisbon.
D. Du. That I know you have: be not amaz'd, Sir.
Clo, Hay! what the Devil have I been all this while treating an Officer,

that has a Warrant against me — Pray Sir, if it be no Offence — may I beg

the Favour to know who you are.

D. Du. Let it suffice I own my self your Friend — I am your Debtor, Sir.
You fought a Gentleman they call'd Don Duart — I knew him well; he was
a proud insulting Fellow, and my mortal Foe; but you kill'd him, and I
thank you; nay, I saw you do it fairly too: and for the action, L desire you
will command my Sword, or Fortune.

Clo, Pray Sir — is there no Joke in all this?

D. Du. There, Sir; the little All I'm master of, may serve at present to
convince you of my sincerity: I ask for no return, but to be inform'd how
may do you farther Service. | Gives him à Purse,

Clo. Sir, your Health-— Il give you Information presently. { Drinks.
Pray Sir, do you know the Gentleman's Sister that I fought with? That is,
do you know what Reputation, what Fortune she has?

D. Du. Sir, I know her Fortune to bes worth above Twelve thousand Pistoles,
her Reputation yet unsullied; But pray Sir why may you ask this?

Cio. Now F'll tell you, Sir — Twelve thousand Pistoles, you say

D. Du. I speak the least, Sir.

Clo, Why this very Lady, after I had ki!l'd her Brother, gave me the Protection
of her House, hid me in her Closet, while the Officers that brought
in the Dead Body came to search for me; and, as soon as theit backs were
torn d, poor Soul! hurried me out at a Private door with Tears in her Eyes,
Faith, Now, Sir, what think you? is not this kint broad enough for a man
to make Love upon. „ D. Da.

r . — en fl
St r gy
ON MP 3 GA

22 ———_— Wee. DOT. — ;

D. Da. Confusion! 13 | 4 WE.
Co. Look you, Sir, now if you dare; give me a Proof of your Friendship :
will you do me the Favour to carry me a Letter to her? . ;
D. Du. Let me consider, Sir — Death, and Fire! is a

D. D. | is all her height of 5
row but Dissembled then? — A Prostitute ev'n to the man suppos d my Mur.
derer! If it be true, the Consequence is soon resolvd — but this requires

farther search — may I depend on this for truth, Sir? 51
Clo. Why, Sir, you don't suppose Id banter a Lady of her Quality.
D. Du. Damnation! — Well, Sir! I'll take your Letter: but first let me be
well acquainted with my Errand. .
Clo. Sir, I'll write this Moment; if you please, we'll step into the House
here, and finish the Pusjness over another Bottle. | | ;
D. Du. With all my heart! BD;
Clo. Allons! Entres. |

e-MAaRES a Man . 07 :
by : Wc

Elvira #s Discovered alone in Mourning, a Lamp ii ber:
Dion Duart enters bebind; Disguised.

Hus far I have pass'd unknown to any of the Servants — now

for the Proof of what I fear — ha! yonder she is — This close
retirement, those sable Colours, the solemn Silence that attends
her; no Friends admitted, not ev'n the Day to visit her : These seem to
speak a real sorrow ; if not, the Counterfeit is Deep indeed I'll fathom it

Madam |

Elv. Who's there! another Murderer! where are my Servants ? will nothing
but my sorrows wait upon me?

D. Du. Your Pardon, Lady; I have no Evil meaning: This Letter will inform
you of my, Business, and excuse this Rude Intrusion.

El. For me! whence comes it, Sir?

D. Du. The Contents, Madam, will Explain to you — She seems amaz'd!
Jooks almost through the Letter — I shou'd suspect this Stranger had bely'd
her, but that he gave me such Convincing Circumstances — ha! she pauses
sPeath ! a smile too! — I fear her no.] |

Elo. My Prayers are heard: Justice at length has overta'en the Murderer:
His vow'd Protection having been strictly paid, I now unperjur'd may revenge
my Brother's blood. It lies on me if I neglect this fair Occasion :
But 't were not safe to show my Thought; therefore to be Just, I must Dissemble.
[ 4/de.

I ask your Pardon for my Rudeness, Sir: upon your Friend's account you
might indeed have claimed a better Welcome.

D. Du. So thewshe is Damn'd, I find ( aside.) But ll have more, and bring

em face to face. My Friend, Madam, thought his Visits wou'd be unseasonable,

before the sad Solemnity of your Brother's Funeral. |
Elv. A needless Fear! My Brother, Sir! Alas, I owe your Friend my

Thanks for having eas d our Family of so scandalous a Burthen! A Riotous

Unmanner'd fellow; I blush to speak of him.
D. Du. O patience! patience!” . | „3 ͤ
Elv. Pray let him know his Absence was the real Cause of this mistaken

Mourning: Tis true indeed, I give it out 'tis for my Brother's Death: But

Women's Hearts and Tongues, you know, must not always hold alliance:

you'd think us fond and forward, shou'd not we now and then Dissem-

D. Du. How shall J forbear her? ; Ee
Elv. I grow Impatient till he's wholly mine—to Morrow; *tis an Age; III
make him mine to night — F'll write to him this minute — can you have
Patience, Sir, till J prepare a Letter for you? wt

D. Du. You may Command me, Madam. |

Elv. I'Il dispatch immediately — will you walk this way, Sir?

D. Du. Madam, I wait upon you Revenge! and Daggers! { Exeunr.

The SCEN E Louisas Houle : .

Louisa, and Jaques,

Lou. Is the Lady sciz'd? .
Ja. Ves, Madam, and half Dead with the Fright.

Lou. Let em be ready to produce her, as I directed: When the Stranger's

taken, bring me immediate Notice: tis near his Time, away. [ Ex. Fa.

Had he not lov'd another, Methinks I cou'd have born his usage, fate down

alone, content, and found a secret pleasure in Complaining : But to be slighted
for a Girl, a sickly, poor unthinking Wretch, Incapable of Love: That! that
stabs home! Tis Poison to my Thoughts, and {wells em to Revenge | my
Rival! no! she shall never Triumph! Hark! what noise! they have him sure!
now now ! F Enter Jaques.

Faq, Madam, the Gentleman is taken.

Lou. Bring him in —— Revenge I thank thee now!

Enter Bravo's with Carlos disarm'd.

So, Sir! you are return'd, it seems; you can love then! You have an

heart, I find, tho' not for me! Perhaps you came to seek a worthier Mistress
here: 'Twou'd be uncharitable to disappoint your Love III help your
search ; if she be here, be sure she's safe ! —— open that door there. |
Enter more Bravo's with Angelina, an Hankercher on her Neck,
which they bold ready to ftrang'c her.
Now, Sir, is this the Lady ?
Car, My Angellina! O!

Ang.

Ang. O miserable Meeting!

8 Love mokes a Man 1 Or, A ;

scorn my Love, niy Person, and my Fortune; Now let your squeamish Vir.
tue fly me as a Disease ro modesty, and teil her Now your shameful Tale of
my Intemperance. = _ | WEE ;

Car. O Cruelty of Fate! that cou'd betray such Innocence!

Lou. What, not a word to soften yet thy obstinate Aversion! thou wretched
Fool, thus to provoke thy ruine —— End her. [To the Bravo's.

Car.. O hold! for pity hoid, and hear me. | 8 ü

Lou. I've learn'd from you to use my Pity — Death! I cou'd laugh to see
thy strange stupidity of Love On one Condition yet she lives an hour;
but if refus'd

Car. Name not a Refusal, be it, or Danger, Death, or Tortures, any

thing that Life can do to save ber.

Low. Nay, if you are so over willing.

Car. Speak, and I obey you. 1 855

Lou. Now then, this Moment kneel, and Curse her.

Car, Preserve her, Heav'n, and snatch her from the Jaws of Gaping Danger
(kneeling) O may the Watchful Eye of Providence, that never sleeps o're Innecence
Distress'd, lock nearly to her; or if some Miracle alone can save her,
che ever-waking Sun in his Eternal Progress never saw so fair an Object to
employ it on.

Lou. Presuming Fool! were I inclin'd to spare her life (which by my
Hopes of Peace I do not mean) can'st thou believe this Insolent concern for
her to my Face wou'd not provoke my Vengeance!

Car. Yet hold! Forgive my Rashness, I was to blame indeed: But Passion
has transported both of us: Love made me as Heedless cf her Safety, as wild
Revenge has you ev'n ot your neglected Soul.

Lou. What, doest chou think to preach me from my Purpose ?

Car. That were too vain an Hope; tho' I've a piteous Cause, that might
bespeak, without a Tongue, the Mercy of a Human heart: but if Revenge
alone can fate your Fury, at least misplace it not; Mine was th' Offence, be
mine the Punishment, but spare the Innocent, that Gentle Maid] she ne'er intended

Yet a Thought apainit your Peace, I have deferv'd your Anger, nay,

and Justly too: For, Icontess, I ought to have given you a milder Treatment:
But, co atone the Crime, rip up my Breast, and in my Heart you'll read th
unhap py Cause of my Neglect and Rudeness.

Leu. How he ditarms my Anger! But, must my Rival Triumph then?

Ang. Charge me not with such abhorr'd Ingratitude ; be Witness, Heav'n,
III for ever serve you, Court you, and Confess you my Preserver

Car. For Pity yet resolve, and force your Temper to a Moment's Pause :
Do not Debase your Generous Revenge with Cruelty ; That every Common
Wretch can take, the savage Brutes can sack their Fellow. Creatures Blood,
and tear their Bodies down: But Greater Human Souls have more of Pride
to curb, and bow the stubborn Mind of what they hate; and such Revenge,
the Nobler far, I offer now to you: See at your feet my humbled Scorn imploring,

crushr, and prostrate, like a vile Slave, that falls below your last Con-

Lou.

tempt, and Trembling begs for Mercy.

Low. Now let me see you smile, and Rudely throw me from your Arms: Now

ce Fred £4. r

Loy, He buries my Revenge in Blushes.

Ang. O Generous Proof of the most Faithsul Love!

Car. Think what a Glorious Triumph it wou'd be, that when your Swoll'n
Resentment, wild Revenge and Indignation, all stood ready, waiting for the
Word, vou call'd your Forcefull Reason to your Aid refolv'd, and took that

Tyrant Patsion Captive to your Gentle Pity: O! 'twere fach a God-like ©
Instance of your Vurue, as wight attone, if possible, ev'n Crimes to come:

Revenge, like this, can never give you that Continued Peace of Mind which
Mercy may; Compassion has a thousand secret Charms: Think you *twere

no Delight of Thougt.t to heal the Wounds of Bleeding Lovers, to make two

poor afflicted Wrerches happy, whose higbest Crime is loving well, and faitlifully
? Were it no soothing Joy, no secret Pride, to raise *em from the last Defair,
to Hope? to Life and Love testor'd? Now on my Heart I read a strogging
Pity in your Eve! O cherith it, and spare our Innocence! Perhaps
the story of our Chast Aﬀections, once compleat, may live a fair Example to
succeeding Times; for which Posterity shall stand indebted to your Vir-

Log. Release the Lady — Go. [ Exeunt Bravo's.

And now farewel my Follies, and my Vistaken Love: For, I confess, the
fair Example of your Mutual Faith, your Tenderness, Huwility and Tears

have quite subdued my Soul, at once have Conquer'd and Reform'd me:

O! you have given me such an Image of the Contentful Peace, th' unshaken
Quiet of an honest Mind, that now I tast more solid Joy, being but the Instrument
of your United Virtuous Love, than all my late false Hopes propos'd,
Vn in the last Indulgence of my Blind detire : Now Love long, and happily
Forgive my Follies past, and you have over-paid me, { Foins their Hands.

Car. O Providential Care of Innocence Distress d =

Ang. O Miracle of Rewarded Love |

Car. What shall J say ? I scarce have yet the Power of Thought amidst
this Hurry of Transporting Joy! My Arge//ma ! do | then live to hold thee
thus? O! I have a Thousand things to say, to ask, to weep, and hear of
thee — But first let's kneel, and pay our Thanks to Heav'n, and this our kind
Preserver ;- to whose most happy Change we owe ev n all our Life's to come
in Cheerful Gratitude can pay. |

Lou. Nay, now you give me a Confusion | Raises em.] But if you yet dare
trust me with the Story of your Love's Distress : far as my Fortune can, command
it freely, to supply your Present wants, or any Future means propos'd
to give you lasting Happinels.

Car, Eternal Rounds of never-ending Peace reward your Wond'rous Bounty:
and when you know the Story of our Fortune, as we shall soon find due
Occasion to relate it; we cannot doubt 'twill both deserve your Pity and
Aslistance But I have been too busy in my Joy, almost had forgot my
Friendly Uncle, the Ancient Gentleman that first came hither with me:
How have you dispos'd him?

Lou. I think he's here, and sase — who waits there? Enter Jaques.
Release the Gentleman above, and tell him that his Friends desire him.

Exit, Jaques.
H : You'll

be Fop's Fortune. —

Dear 5:

EYES? <a Tur DE *

You'll Pardon, Sir, the Treatment I have shown him; he made a little to o
merry with my Folly, which I confess at that time something too far incens'q
a me. . ' 23 „ ra
st. #4 Car. He's Old and Cheerful, apt to be free; but he'll be sorry where hi;
5 humour gives Offence. N Fong |
a Enter Don Lewis; Jaques bowing to him,
D. Lew. Prithee, Honest Dumb! don't be so Ceremonious ! A Pox on thee,
1 I tell thee it's very well as it is ( only my Jaws ake a little: But as long as

we're all Friends, it's no great Matter — My Dear Charles ! I must buss thee,
faith! —— Madam, your humble Servant I beg your Pardon, do ye see —
4 Jou understand me. | Ex. Jaques.

14 Lou. I hope we are friends, Sir. 5

F D. Lew. I hope we are, Madam I am an Honest Old Fellow, faith ;
1 tho! now and then T am a little Odd too. NE

1 Car, Here's a Stranger, Uncle. „„ |

"7 D. Lew, What, my little Blossom ! my Gilliflower ! my Rose! my Pink
110 ; my Tulip! Faith I must smell thee | /a/utes Ang.] Od! she's a Delicate Nosens
gay! I must have her touz'd a little Charles ! you must gather to night;

. 1 can stay no longer — Well, faith! T am heartily Joy'd to see thee, Child.
Ang. I thank you, Sir, and with I may deserve your Love: Our Fortune
LY once again is kind; but how it comes about —— ? 1 8

D. Lew. Does not signify Three-pence ; when Fortune pays me a Visit, I
seldom trouble my self to know which way she came I tell you I am glad
to see you,

Enter Jaques.

Je. Madam, here's the Lord Governor come to wait upon your Ladiship.
4 Leu, At this late hour! What can his Business be; desire his Lordship to
10 walk in.
TRAM] | Enter Governor.

ke Gov. Pardon, Madam, this Unseasonable Visit.
3 Lou, Your Lordihip does me Honour. 5
mp Gov. At least, I hope, my Business will Excuse it: some Strangers here be-
Fill: # low, upon their Offer'd Oaths, demanded my Authority to search your house
+ _ for a lost young Lady; to whom the one of 'em affirms himself the Father:
ng Put the Respect I owe your Ladiship, made me refuse their search till I had
| 1 U spoken with you. |
5 | Ang. It mult be they — Now, Madam, your Protection, or we yet are
Leu. Be not concern'd ! won'd you avoid 'em?
Car. No: we must be found, let em have Entrance; we have an honest
1 Cavic, and wou'd provoke its Tryal. 15
4 Tou. Conduct the Gentlemen without. Exit. Jaques.
12 My Lord, Fil answer for their Honesty; and as they are Strangers, where the
uy - Law's levere, mult beg you'd favour and assist em.
wy Gov, You may Command me, Madam; tho' there's no great fear: for having

heard the most that they cou'd urge against em, I found in their Complaints
more of Spleen and Humour, than any Just Appearance of a Real Injury.
Enter

Euter

1 Fop's Fortune.

Enter D. Manuel, Charino, Antonio, and Clodio.

Cha. I' have Justice, |

Ant. Don't be too hot, Brother.

Cha. Sir, I demand Justice. -

D. Ma. That's the Lady, Sir, I told you of.

C/o. Ah! that's she, my Lord, I am witness.

Car. My Father! Sir, your Pardon, and your Blessing.

Ant. Why truly, Charles, I begin to be a little reconcil'd to the Matter:
I wish you, tho' I can't join you together: for my Friend and Brother here

is very Obstinate, and will admit of no Satisfaction: But however, Heaven

bless you, in spite of his Teeth.

Cha. This is all Contrivance! Roguery! I am abus'd! I say, deliver my
Daughter —sbe is an Heiress, Sir; and to detain her is a Rape in Law, Sir;
and a Rape and Law, Sir, are Death and the Devil, and Fil have you all
Hang'd: Therefore no more Delays, Sir: For I tell you before hand, I am
a Wise man, and 'tis impossible to trick me. |

Ant. I say you are too Positive, Brother; and when you learn more Wisdom,
you'll have some,

Cha. say, Brother, this is meer Malice, when you know in your own
Conscience I have ten times your Understanding: For you see I'm quite of

another Opinion. And so once more, my Lord, I demand Justice against

that Ravisher.

Gov. Does your Daughter, Sir, complain of any Violence ?

Cha. Your Lordship knows young Girls never Complain when the Violence
1s over; he has taught her better, I suppose. £

Ang. (To Cha. kneeling.) Sir, you are my Father, bred me, cherish'd me,
gave me my affections, taught me to keep em hitherto within the Bounds of
Honour, and of Virtue; let me conjure you (by the chast Love my Mother
bore you, when she preferr'd, to her Mistaken Parents Choice, her being
yours without a Dower) not to bestow my Person, where those. Aﬀettions

nere can follow -— I cannot love that Gentleman more than a Sister ought:

But here my heart's subdued ev'n to the last Compliance with my Fortune:

He, Sir, has nobly woed, and won me; and I am only his, or miserable.

Cba. Get up again. |
Gov. Come, Sir, be persuaded: Your Daughter has made an Honourable
and Happy Choice: This fevericy will but expose your self and her.
Cha, My Lord, I dont want advice, Fil consider with my 1c, and rcfolve
upon my own Opinion. |
Enter J1Gues,
Jag. My Lord, here's a stranger without, engquircs for your Lerdship, and

tor a Gentleman that calls himself Clad;zo,

Clo. Hay! Ah mon Chere Amy! nter Don Puart end.
Well, what News, my Dear, has she answer'd my Letter? 7
D. Da. There, Sir This to your Lordihip. Ce, him a Letter, and ab pers.
Gov, Married to Night! and to this Gentleman, fayst thou? I'm amaz d.
D. Du. He is her Choice, my Lord. |

p 2 'Y ”Y 2 55 I 7 0
H 1 E709; (Readies

d Ss, * ;

Lowe makes a Man: Or,
Clo. (Reading the Letter.) — Um—um— Charms—Irresistible -— excuse-—
so {on — Pastion — Blushes — Consent= Provision— Childcen— Settle.
ment — Marriage If this is not Plain, the Devil's in't —hold, here's more,
faich - | Reads 10 himself,
D. A717. IIow shall I requite this Goodness ? I Louisa.
Leu. I owe you more than I have leisure now to Pay: Press me not too

far, lest I shou'd offer more than you are willing to receive: Favours

when long withheld, sometimes grow Tastless; over-fasting often Palls the
Appetite. LE | >

D. Ma. The Appetite of Love, like mine, can never Dye; it wou'd be
ever Tasting and Unsated. { They seem to talk apart.

Gov. Lis very sudden — but give my Service, IIl wait upon her.

C/o. Ha: ha! ha! Poor Soul! I'll be with her presently : and, faich, since
1 have made my own Fortune, I'll .ev'n patch up my Brother's too. Hark
you, my Dear Dad that shou'd ha' been — This Business is all at an End—
for look you, I find your Daughter's engag'd ; and, to tell you truth, so am
I, faith! If my Brother has a mind to marry her — let him; for I shall not,
split me — And now, Gentlemen and Ladies, if you will do me the Honour
to grace mine, and the Lady Eloira's Wedding, such homely Entertainment
as my poor Houle affords, you shall be all heartily Welcome to.

D. Lew. Thy house! ha! ha! Well said, Puppy!

Clo. Hah! Old et)? |

Cha. What doest thou mean, man? W

Gov. ?Tis ev'n so, I can assure you, Sir: Thave my self an Invitation from
the Lady's own hand, that conficms it : I know her Fortune well, and am
surpriz d at it. 1

Ang. Blest news? This seems a forward step to reconcile us all.

Cha. If this be true, my Lord, I have been thinking to no Purpose: my
design's all broke to pieces.

Ant. Come, Brother, we'll mend it as well as we can; and since that young
Rogue has rudely turn'd tail upon your Daughter, III fill up the Blank with
Cbarles's Name, and let the rest of the Settlement stand as it was.

Cha. Hold, Iil first see this Wedding, and then give you my Final Refoution,
|

Clo. Come, Ladies, it you please, my Friend will show you.

Leu, Sir, we wait upon you.

Cha, This Wedding's an odd thing:

D. L:w, Ha! ha! If it thou'd be a Lye now! Excunt.

The SCENE Changes to Elviri's Apartment.

Elvira alone with Clodio's Letter in her hand.

Ely. At kcw severe a Price do Women purchase an Unspotted Fame?

When cn the Justest Title can't assure Possessiun When we Reflect upon

the Insolent and Daily wrongs, which Men, and Scandal, throw upon
our Actions, cwere enough to make a modest Mind despair: If w?

are fair, and chast, we are proud; if free, we are wanton ; cold, we are cunni

and if kind, forsaken : Nothing we do, or think on, be the motivene'er so just, or

generous, but still the malice, or the guilt of men interprets to our shame: Why

thou'd this Stranger else, this wr Stranger, whose forfeir Life I rashly fav'd,

presume from that mistaken Charity |» cempt me with enccurag'd Love?

Hark | what Musick's that 2 [ 4 Flourijh | [ Enter 42 Ferant.
ger. Madam, the Gentlemen are come. ;
Elv. Tis well; Are the Officers ready? .

Ser, Ves. Madam, and know your Lad iship's Oiders.
Elv. Conduct the Company. Now Justice shall uncloud my Fame, and see
my Brother's Death reveug d. |

Luer Haut boys playing, Clodio singing: D. Duart, Gov. D. Man. Lou.
Car, Ang. Ant. Charino, and D. Lewis.

Ch. Well, Madam, you see I'm punctual you've nick'd your Man, Faith,
to a minute, you'll never stiy for me. Ladies, and Gentlepm

always critical
men, 1 de5re you'll do me the Honour of being better acquainted here
Lord x

Gow, Give you Joy, Madam.

Cho. Nay, Madam, I have brought ycu some near Relations of my own too
This D/ Antonio, who will thortly have the Honour to call you Daughter.

Ant. The Young Rogue has made a pretty choice, Faith.

Clo. This Don Charino, who was very near having the Honour of calling me Son.
This my Elder Brother — and this my Noble Uncle, Don Cholerick —— Snaphirto
de Test. „

D. Lew. Puppy.

Cl, Peevish.

D. Lew. Madam, | with you Joy with al my heart; but truly I can't much advile
you to marry this Gentleman, because in a day or two you'il really Bod bim

txirezmly shocking :; those that know him, generally give him the Title of
Den Dismaio, Thickskullo de Hilfwinto,

Clo Well said Nank'e. ha, ha. |

D. Da. Are you provided of a Priest, Sir?

Clo. Ay, ay, Pox on him, wou'd he were come tho”, |

D. Du. So wou'd I. I want the Cuz to act this Juflice on my Honour.
Vet I cannot read the Folly in her Looks, { Aside.

G. You have (urpriz'd us, Madam, bv this sudden Marriage.

Ev Imay yet surprize you more, my Lord. |

D Du. Sir, Don't you think your Bride looks melancholly?

Clo, Ay poor Fool] she's modeli —— but | have a cure for that —well, my Prin»

is ; why th.t demure Look now?
Elv. 1 was thinking Sir
Clo. i know what you think of — You don't think at all — You don't know

what to think — You neither see, hear, feel, smell, nor taste 3 you han't the rigtit

ule of one of your Senses in short, you have it.

Now my Princess , have not I nickt is ?

7777 Tr ds > Sb En:

Ev. I am sorry, Sir, you know foli:tle of your self, or me.

Cha, Of Murther, say you, Madam!

Death, promis'd by a rash and solemn Vow, I wou'd conceal him: Which Vow

Be Cn Enter a Servant.

Ser. Madam, The Priest is come. | 8 a

Elu. Let him wait, we've no occasion yet—— within there — seize him...
| | [ Several Offic-rs rush in, who seize Clodio, ana bind kim,

D. Du. Ha! | | | |

Gov, What can this mean ?

Clo. Gats me! What is' my Dear in her Frolicks already?

Elv. And now, My Lord, ycur Justice on that Murtherer,

G. How, Madam. e

Clo, That Bitch, my Fortunc!

D. Lew Midam, upon my Knees, I beg you, don't carry the Jest too far, but
if there be any real hopes of his having an Halter, let's know it in three words
that I may be sure at once for ever, that no earthly thing but a Repricve cin
save him. LApart io Elv.

Ant. Pray, Madam, who accuses him? |

Elv. His own Confession, Sir.

Elv. The Murther of my Brother.

Gov, Where was this Confe{hon made?

Elo, Alter the Fact was done, my Lord, this Man pursued by Justice, took
shelter here, and trembling, bege*d of me for my protection; he scem'd indeed
a Stranger, and his Complaints so pitiful, that I, little suspicious of my Brother's

Heav'n can witness with what distraction in myThcughts I strictly kept, and paid;

but he, alis]! mistaking this my Hospitable Charity for the Effects of a moi Vile

Preposterous Love, proceeds upon his Error, and in this Letter here add resses me

for Muriage z which, I once having paid my Vow, answer'd in such prevailing

Tie upon his Foily, as now have, unprotected, drawn him into the Hands ct
ustice.

D. Da. She is innocent, and well has disappointed my Revenge. [ 4figt,

D. Lew. So, now | am a liitle easy — the Puppy will be hang'd.

Gov. Give me leave, Madam, to ask you yet some farther Questions.

Clo. Ay———I shall be hang'd, I believe.

Ch.. Nay then, *cis time to take care of my Daughter; for I am now convinced
that my Friend Clody is dispos's ct ——- and so, without Compliment, do you set |
Children Heav'n bless you together, Joins Car. and Aug. Hands.

Car. This, Sir, 15a time unfit to thank you as we ought. |

Ant. Well Brother, I thank you however; Charles is an Honest Lad, and will
deserve her; but poor Ciody's HI Fortune I cou'd never have fuspeted.

D. Lew. Why you wou'd be politive, tho' you know, Brother, I always toll
you, Dismall wou'd be hang'd -——— I must plague him a little, because the Dog

5 been pert with me ————— Clody! How do'ft thou do? Ha! why you ate
tied! :

took
deed
her's
Paid;
Vile
ling
ds cf

Asid.

zinc d

ou (ee |

1 will
s toll

e Dog
Ou are

Cb. | hate this Old Fellow, Split me.

D. Lew. Thou hast really made a Damn'd Blunder here Child, to i nvite so Ren

people to a Marriage Knot, and instcad of chat it's like to be one under the
left Ear.

Clo, Pd fain have him Dye.

D. Lew. Well my dear In provide for thy going off bort : let e (ee!
you'}l only have occasion for a Nolegay, a pait of White Gloves, and a Coffin:
look you, take you no care about the Surgeons, you shall not be Anatomiz'd —
pl get the Body of with a wet Finger, —- Tho methinks I'd fain see the Intide
of the Poppy too,

Clo. O Rot him, I can't bear this.

D. Lew. Well I won't trouble thee no more now Child, if I am not engag'd
I don't know but I may come to the Tree, and Sing a Stave or two with
thee — Nay VII zife on purpose — tho you will hardly Suffer before Twelve
à Clock neither —— ay just about Twelve

Cle. O Curse consume? him.

Gw, 1 am Convinc'd, Madam, the Fad appears too plain.

D. Lew. Yes, yes he 11 tuffer. [ aside.

Gov. W hat avs the Gentleman, do you confess the Fact, Sir?

Clo. Will it do me any Good, my Lord?

Gov. Perhaps it may, If you can prove it was not done in \ Malice.

Clo Why then to confess the Truth my Lord, I did Pink him, and J am sorry
bort; but it was none of my Fault, Split me.

Elv. Now my Lord, ycur Jultice.

D. Du. Hold, Madam, that remains in me to give: For know, your Brother

Lives, and Happy i in the Proof of (ach a Sister's Virtue. D servers himself.
55 My Brother ! O let my Wonder speak my Joy!
o. Hay! | Clodio, and his Friends, seem Survrisz,

8 Don Duart Living and Well! how came this {trange Recovery?

D. Da. My Body's Health the Surgeon has restor'd: but here's the ttue Phylician
of my Mind: The hot distemper'd Blood, which lately render'd me offentive to
Mankind, his Tull resenting Sword let deren Wiic gave me leisure to Reflect
up"n my Lollies patt, and by Reflection tu Reforig.

Elz. This is indeed an Happy Change.

Gw, Relesse the Gentleman.

Clo, Here Tefly, prithee do so much as un! e is a little.

D. Lew. Why so | will Sirrah, | find theu halt donc a Actticd thing, and !
don't know whether it's worth my while ta be Serk'd at thee any longer.

flv, 1 ask your Pardon for the Wrong 1 hive dt you Sis, aud Blathto think
mw much I owe you for a Brother thus Reltor'd,

Madam, your very humble Servant, it's mighty well as it is.

D: Du. We are indeed his Debtois beth; and Sificr there's but one Way now
of being Grateful: For my sake give him such returns of Love, as he may yet
think fit to Ask, or you with 1 can Answer.

Clo. Sir | thank you, and when you 8 on't think it Impudence in me to will
my self well with your Sister, 1 shall beg !cave to make use of your Fri-ndthip

D. Du. This

The Fop 8 Fortune. wah 55 f

about Twelve you'll be Turu'd

A RY" ——_—_—— . _ * —

Love makes a Man. e

D. Da This Modesty Commends you, Sir. > |

Ant. Sir, you hive, Propos'd like a Man of Honour; and if the Lady can but

like of it, the shall bnd chose among us, that will make him up a Fortune to
deserve her. | 7 1 |

Cat. I wish my Brother well. and 25 i once offer'd him to divide my Birth:
right, Im ready fill to put my Worcs iato Pert mance. 8 |

D. Lew. Nay then, since | nnd the Ropuc's no longer like to be an Enemy to

Charles, as far as a few Acres go, Fil be his Friend too.

D. Du Silicr, | :
E'v. This is no Teifle. Brother 3 allow me a convenient time to Think, ang if
the Gentleman cantirues to deserve your Fricudship, he shall not much complain
I am his Enemy. 8 | |
D. Lew. So! now it will be a Wedding again, Faith.
D. Mz. And if this kind Example cou'd prevail on you,
Em, If it cou'd not, your Merit has sufficient Power: From this Moment!
ain Yours for ever. JH PO
D. Ma. Which way shall | be Grateful?
Clo. Nay then, strike up again Boys — and with the Ladies lcave, T'll make
bold to lead em up a Dance ala Mode D' Angleterre. | They Dane,
D. Lew. So! so! Bravely done of all sides; and now Charles, we'll even Tosi
our Noses over a Chirping Bottle, and Laugh at our past Fortune,
Car. Come my Angelina; ;
Our Bark at length has found a Quiet Harbour,
And the Distressful Voyage of our Loves
Ends not alone in Safety but Reward :
Now we Unlade our Fraight of Happiness,
Of which from thee alone my Share's Deriv'd:
For all my Former search in decp Philosophy,
Not knowing Thee, was a meer Dream of Life: 5
But Love in one soft Moment Taught me more
Than all the Volumes of the Learn'd cou'd reach,
Gave me the Proof when Natures Birth began,
To what Great End th' Eternal Forw'd a Man.

FINIS
