E PIS T LE

Humbly Addressed to the Right Honourable

FTOHN, Farl of OR R E RT.

BY L. THEOBAL D.
Aegnosco Procerem. ——
Jovex.

Printed for W. Mas, at the Lamb in the Old-Batly.
M. DCC. XXXII.

Price 6 d.

atten... ett oe.
WA nw 6—— . EO TIE

Harvard College Library
Bopt. 80, N ic 11,
Gift of

Alezander Cochrane
1 of Bostop

E PIS T L E
Humbly Addressed to he Right Honourable
TFOHN, Earl of RRE RT.

ef or dear Resped, have made me slow

To wound your Bosom with Returnsof Woe,
12 |: 'While I presume a Patron lost to mourn,
Alclnd pay due Tribute o'er your Father's Urn;

If, conscious of my weak and faltring Pow r,
I wish'd, and waited, that the rolling Hour
Some Gents fitter to the Task, might raise
At once to weep his Death, and sing his Praise ; | |

Forgive

Forgive the Motives Gia, br Hd my Breast
And choak'd a Passion, labouring tho represt.

Forerve Me too, if, hen I backward trace,

And view with Menvry's Eye his ev 1 Grace,
tare confess those Transports they inspir'd ;

I lovd with equal Pace, as I admir d-
Lov'd, yet rever'd. As Men on Beauty gaze,
Bat find Desire chastis d by Virtue's Blaze;

Such Awe dwelt round him, it awak'd a Fear;

Familiar Boldness durst not press too near.

Love and Resped their stated Limits knew,
Resped decreas d not, as Affection grew.

In Port majestick, and in Aspect clear
Candid, tho' grave; reserv d, but not seyere.
For Condescension, soft ning decent State,
Proclaim'd the Friendly, and preserv'd the Great.

PA tO —

„ Yee .

Wrru what a Charm did he his Thoughts dispense! /
How temper the resistless Force of Sense |
Hold Wonder chain'd with fresh Delight to hear,
And to Attention tune the ravish'd Ear!

Strong Eloquence, convey'd with winning Art,

Surpriz'd, yet took Possession of che Heart: 1
We doubted, which we felt in most Excess, |
His Strength of Reas'ning, or his mild Address.

Tuar Pleasure is no more: Penurious Fate

Lends few great Blessings, and contracts their Date.

Heav'n's choicest Gifts to swift Discomfort turn,

We scarce can tast em, er we're doom'd to **
Your Loss, my Lord, the common Lot transcends B

All bury Fathers, but All lose not Friends.

Such Sympathy of Soul with him you shar'd,”

Your Thoughts were kindred, as your Actions pair'd :
5 B Congenial

od — © MO ͥ — AA I rn I n * 9 ——

Congenial Virtues in two Bosoms shewn,
Which Neither copied, Each might call his own.
Thence Comfort dawns; that, tho of him re d,
l see the Patron in the Son reVIV d. |

PERurr me, S1R, to turn my Eyes on you,
And hope new Pleasures rising to my View,
Be, What your Father was; and sweetly blend
A double Grace, the Patron and the Friend !
But That's a private Wish: --- You mult be more;
And shine in all the Parts of Fame he bore:
The Abstract of your Race! in Whom we find
The Statesman, Soldier, and the Scholar join'd:
Nor thought They, so adorn'd, our humble Bays,
Wreath'd with their Laurels, stain'd the Warriors Praise.

O ror a [Homer's Fire, or Virgil's Art,
ö To breath the Wishes of my ardent Heart

An Heart, that glows with such uafeign'd Desires © =

As Zeal oft prompts, but Flatt'ry ne'er inspires! Kit 0

When that ignoble Motive taints her Strain,
Punish the Muse, my Lord, with just Disdain.

Fir'o wirh your noble Ancestors Renown,

Born to outshine their Annals with your own ;

Rich in their Honours, and-cnlarg'd of Soul, *

Come forth, and emulate the mighty Roll.
Come forth, the publick Hope, and publick Care;
And answ'ring ev'ry Wish and ev'ry Pray”r.

Firm to the Rules, which conscious Virtue lends;

Firm to your Country's Rights, and Honour's Friends:

Scorning to bow You to a Court 8 Controul,

With venal Voice against the Bent of Soul.

Tubs had I wish'd, with Fondness void of Art,
And deck'd You up a Bor ILE in ev'ry Part.

— — —xꝛ — V— — — —— —

—— en en a ene

K RRP. cs 9 — ——

—— RT 6 _ * — ' — 5

—— ther Arr

As if perhaps, ambitiously I meant

To share those Glories I in Fancy lent. -

But Wishes came too late, and lost their Aim;

For You prevent them, and assert your Fame.

While tir'd Imagination laggs behind,

Lab' ring to trace the Beauties of your Mind.

Virtue! Unenvied, but divine Estate!

The rare, the best Companion of the Great 1

The Treasure of the Wise, that {till expands,

And swells, beneath the plorious Spe ndthrift's Hands!

That, when unwasted, {till becomes the less; ;
When blesling Others, does its Owner bless

This Wealth, my Lord, you hold in ample Store ;

An ever-spreading, undiminish'd Ore :

A shining Mass, so properly your own,

Inherited, it seems deriv'd from none.

If on your private Stock you &er resin dd.

Twas when to Bor LE an HAU you join de
But if in That some Avarice you shewd,
You grew a Miser for the Publick Good.

I.oNG may She live, and still, 5 now, impart

Joy to your Eyes, and Comfort to your Heart

In such rare Union bounteous Heav'n is proud
To mark its Fay'rites from” tiy unworthy Croud.
Still may that bounteous Heav'n propitious shed

Its choicest Influence on your Nupiial Bed

And as the circling Years their Course maintain, FT)
May Each be fruitful, till a blended.” Train * -

Of beauteous Offspring your Just Smiles divide N
The Mother's Rapture, and the Father" 8 Pride! e

Nos Thou, 0 Borus disdain . Time shall 3
And yield You vacant from the Patrzot's Care,) and

. ͤ— — —— —— — e ̃ 9Sp᷑—:— ——
7 7 1 , 9 >» Y- — Py " 1 TEEN

In soft paternal Pleasures to unbend; 1; 1% 0 N
The tender Father, and instructive Friend:
While, pleas d, the blooming Heroes round you shine,

Patricians all in Virtue, as in Line.

Just Published,
j | The SECOND EDITION,
With the Effigies of His Lordship, earionfly Engraven by Mr. BARON,
Writtes by EUSTACE BUDGELL EV.

MxmMo1xs of the Life and Character of the late Earl of O R RE RZ, and
of the Family of the Boytts. Containing several Curious Fats, and Pieces of
History, from the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to the present Times: Extracted
from Original Papers and Manuseripts never yet printed. With Two Remarkable
Speeches of the late Earl of Orrery's in the House of Commons ; one of
which occasioned his Duel with Mr. /——/y A Particular Relation of his being
committed close Prisoner to the Tower for High Treason 5 a Short Account of his
Controversy with the Learned Doctor Bentley ; and some Select Letters of Pra-
LARIS, the famous Sicilian Tyrant, translated from the Greck.

Virg.
