title: The Minstrel
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 79
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

How happy is the Minstrel's lot,
Whose song each care beguiles;
The frowns of fortune fright him not,
Nor does he court her smiles.
Contented with his tuneful lyre,
His art can yield the rest;
He pours his soul along the wire,
And rapture fires his breast.

WOOD WORTH'S. Moral and

The Minstrel.

He envies not the power of kings,
With all their glittering toys;
The tones that warble from his strings,
Impart sublimer joys.
He builds a world of airy bliss,
Where love erects his throne;
And though his fancy frame the kiss,
Its sweets are all his own.
What though no wealth his song repays.
Nor laurels deck his lyre;
The glow he catches from its lays,
Is bliss supremely higher.
What though his fairy pleasures seem
Illusion's shapeless toys —
He would not lose so sweet a dream,
For all your waking joys.

Sentimental. WOOD WORTH'S. 15
The Flowers of Life.
The ills of LIFE'S journey how many complain of,
Who swear not a flow'ret is found in the road!
But the evils they censure I laugh at the pain of,
While sweet smiling Cheerfulness lightens the load.
Though I find not a rose, I indulge not in sorrow,
But pluck with Contentment a daisy to-day;
Nay, even a sprig will feed Hope for the morrow,
The humblest that nods to the zephyr of May.
Let others dispute, HI avoid their dissention,
• Religious, political, moral, or such;
For the lily of Peace thus escapes their attention,
And the sweet bud of Pleasure which blooms at my touch.
The blossom of Friendship, surviving mortality,
I'll carefully cherish and wear in my breast;
Though its picture may boast brighter hues than reality.>
Its fragrance directs me when doubtful the test.
The spirit of feeling, the soul of affection,
Wildly ardent in rapture, and melting in wo,
Whatever its image, attire, or complexion,
With mine shall commingle in sympathy's glow.

l(j WOODWORTH'S. Moral and
The Flowers of Life.
I ask not his birth-place, whatever the region,
Hot, temperate, frigid — despotic or free;
I ask not his politics, creed or religion,
A Turk, Jew, or Christian — he's still dear to me.
But ah! there's a flower which. tho' teeming with nectar.
Beneath its fair aspect screen's Misery's dart,
"So artfully veiFd that it mocks a detecter,
Till press'd to the bosom it pierces the heart.
But still to a bosom susceptibly placid,
The anguish of Love will but heighten its joy:
As the bev'rage uniting a sweet with an acid
Is grateful, when nectar untemper'd would cloy.
The bramble of Avarice others may nourish,
Exhausting Life's soil of its virtues and strength;
I'll stray where the plants of Beneficence flourish,
And the generous vine winds its serpentine length.
Let misers pursue their mean sordid employment,
And hoard up their treasures for life's latest scenes;
I'll waste not the moments allow'd for enjoyment.
Nor squander the season in gaining the means.
Our object is happiness — ne'er coulcl we miss it,
In life's varied path, if the talent were ours
From all we encounter some good to elicit,
As bees gather sweets from the meanest of flowers.

The Flowers of Life - Evening.

Then pluck every blossom of Happiness blooming;
Leave birds of contention and play with the dove;
And our path, soon the flush of enchantment assuming
Will glow an Elysium of Pleasure and Love.
