title: Nature and the Passions
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 40
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

The stranger awoke, and with wonder surveyed
The unexplor'd regions on which she was thrown
Rude Chaos the scene — and the infantile maid
Was Nature, just risen from sources unknown.
Her form, the fair abstract of Infinite thought,
The unblemished model of harmony moved;
Her accents the spirit of melody taught,
Her smile was celestial— and Heaven approved*

Sentimental. WOOD WORTH'S. 33
Nature and the Passions — an Allegory.
But scarce could the infant existence admire,
When hosts of rude demons encounter'd the child.
Revenge and rough Anger, with optics of fire,
And frenzy-struck Terror, shrieked horribly wild.
Attended by Rapine, fell Murder appeared,
Led onward by Avarice, Malice and Hate;
Their snaky crests Envy and Jealousy rear'd,
As blood-stain'd Ambition tore laurels from fate.
This phalanx of fiends, with Despair in their train,
With scourges of scorpions the infant assaiPd,
And pitiless heard the sweet stranger complain,
Deep deluged in sorrow which nothing avail'd.
Compassion beheld — and to regions above,
In the incense of sighs her petition convey'd;
Infinity heard, and the answer was — Love,
Who came in the garb of an angel array'd.
Her presence made cruel Ambition depart,
Hate, Murder, and Rapine, the goddess confessed;
Her touch palsied Malice and blunted his dart,
And even lank Avarice opened his breast.
She spoke — and Revenge was subdued by the charm;
She smiled — and the scene was deserted by Fear;
She sighed — and pale Jealousy fled with alarm;
She wept — and rough Anger dissolved in the tear.

WOODWORTH'S. Moral oft

On hearing a Discourse from the Rev. John Hargrove.
Her magic the vulture transformed to the dove,
And Nature again was delighted and blest —
Thus each ruder passion is subject to Love,
The genius that tempers and governs the rest.
