title: To Miss H****
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 53
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

With a miniature volume of Montgomery's Poems, as published in 1807.
Accept, lovely maid, of this little bequest,
An advocate certain my suit to obtain;
To the generous, feeling, susceptible breast,
The muse of MONTGOMERY pleads not in vam.
And when that sweet eye of cerulean hue,
Drops the warm tear of pity for virtue distress'd,
Then think of the donor, whose sympathy true,
The number thou shed'st will engrave on his breast.
While Switzerland's Wanderer* draws on thy heart
For the tribute which sentiment e'er must bestow.;
Then think of thy friend, in a far distant part,
A Wanderer, pressed with his portion of wo.
And when o'er the Grave thou art bending with pain,
But a pain not unmingled with pensive delight,
Let one gem of pity be shed for the swain
Who is buried to pleasure, when banish' d thy sight.

ittle volume contained.

To Miss H. with a volume of Montgomery's Poems.
While the tones of the Lyre brighten sadness to joy,
And thou hear st with fond rapture its solacing lays,
Remember the youth whose delightful employ
Is to sing to his Lyre while it warbles thy praise.
The Remonstrance to Winter is heard and obey?d,
And Flora unfolds every beautiful hue;
But remember, tho7 nature in spring is array'd,
To me all is Winter while absent from you.
The Fowler's simplicity cannot but please,
Religion has beauties that never can cloy;
While the sweet Joy of Grief enraptures with these,
Think of him who has likewise perus'd them with joy.
Alexandria's fierce Battle admire, not approve,
But haste from the scene to the Pillow for rest;
On the pinion of fancy then pensively rove,
But let thy friend's image still dwell in thy breast.
View Brown with compassion, breathe pity's soft sigh.
For sufferings unmerited, cruel, unjust;
But smile on the Thunder-storm rolling on high,
'Tis the voice of thy God, but he wars not with dust.
Hail the brave Volunteers of fam'd Albion's isle,
And cherish the patriot glow in thy breast;
St. Marias ancient Vigil a tear may beguile,
Thy friend then remember, like Edwin distressed,

Sentimental. WOOD WORTH'S. 37
Montgomery's Poems Laura of Flathush.
The Field-flower and Snow-drop have charms for thine eye,
Sweet emblems of innocence, virtue and love —
!But the Common Lot waits us — we live but to die $
And die but to live in the mansions above.

Remember thy friend — is the donor's request,
And this Advocate proffers his suit to obtain;
To the generous, feeling, susceptible breast,
The muse of Montgomery pleads not in vain.
