title: To Selim
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 43
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Go on, contented youth! — "Zorayda err'd —
Resume your lyre and charm the Paphian
Nor beg the boon, but claim your just reward,
The admiration of the sex you love.
But if the happy fair who tunes your lyre,
Reciprocate the flame her Selim sing's,
Let Love not always whisper from the wire,
But loftier numbers animate the strings.

Your country's glory claims exalted praise,
In years, an infant, but matured in fame:
Heroes are her's whose acts deserve your lays,
Then gild your rising song with FREEDOM'S name.
When foreign despots dare usurp the deep,
And add new wrongs to insults unredress'd,
With bolder hand, the chords indignant sweep,
And vengeance wake in every Freeman's breast.

patriotic. ANONYMOUS. 6l
Zerayda to Selim.
And should our injuries at length demand
BELLONA'S banner once again unfurl'd,
Then let the strain, which fires the patriot*t>and,
Swell like our thunders which shall shake the world.
The sword of vengeance will not gleam in vain,
Nor vainly burst our cataracts of fire;
FREEDOM shall ride triumphant orer the main.
And Europe's pirates in dismay retire.
The dove of peace shall soon regain her nest,
And JOVE'S blest bird the olive branch display;
Then be the change in softer notes express'd
And LOVE again be warbled in your lay:
Soft as the zephyrs, when they fan the lake,
And dimpling smiles betray the ravish'd kiss
"In sweeter tones your numbers then may wake,
And every note breathe friendship, love and peace.
So I have seen the bolt of heaven hurl'd,
While, clothed in tempests, angry Nature frown "d;
Anon her smiles were scatter d o'er the world,
And sweeter wreaths her glowing temples bound.
Bright gems of silver glittered from the spray,
And deeper tints in every blossom glow'd;
The woodland songsters caught a livelier lay,
And melody in richer streamlets flow'd.

WOODWORTH'S. Amatory.
