title: To Zorayda
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 54
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Ah! why, sweet minstrel! why bid SELIM soar
Beyond the limits of his humble sphere?
Why bid him ape the thunder's awful roar,
And swell the train in maddening WAR'S career?

jt \ji

Forbear, dear girl! to urge the strange request,
3 He cannot rouse his milky heart to rage;
en let him lull the timorous bird to rest,
Or feel it dance with pleasure in its cage.

His gentle muse on Heliconia strays,
Or gaily sports in sweet Pierian bowers;
And, when descending to inspire his lays,
Her airy form is but the breath of flowers.
JMlXERvA7s helm her brow could ne'er sustain,
The sword of MARS her arm could never wield—
He cannot woo her to a task so vain —
She flies with terror the embattled field.
He once essay 'd — but, like the Mantuan swain,
APOLLO check'd his vain presumptuous pride,
Forbade him to attempt the daring strain,
Nor paint the scene where Jprave MONTGOMERY died.

Selim to Zorayda.
He blush'd, obey'd, nor more mistakes his powers $
One wish alone his ardent soul employs —
In Beauty's smile to bask life's summer hours,
To feast on love, and banquet on its joys.
Life is a chase — the game, terrestrial bliss;
If shadows please, why not a shade pursue?
He tastes it in affection's nectar'd kiss,
His song affords it — if approv'd by you.
There is a magic harp, whose dulcet tones t J^OLUS only has the skill to wake;
Which breathes to Night its sweetly-sighing moans
If no^rude blast the soft enchantment break.
He came with fragrance on his lucid wings,
Paused as he pass'd, enraptured at the sight;
Then fondly stoop'd and kiss'd the silken strings,
Which woke in ecstasy and breathed delight.
The playful god in transport bore away
The ravish *d sweets his lawless kisses stole;
And distance heard the breezy notes decay,
In sighs, whose softness harmonized the soul.
Cut BOREAS came with rude disastrous breath,
And swept the tender strings with direful force;
Harsh DISCORD waked, and, like the bird of death,
Shriek'd to the gale in accents loud and hoar??.

Zorayda to Selim.
Such is the lyre which SELIM, when a child,
Received with rapture from the pensive muse;
Its whispers please him, though untaught and wild.
But loftier tones the trembling chords refuse.
O then permit him still the gentler strain,
In all its tender languishments, to wake;
For, if he rudely sweep the strings again,
He fears, Zorayda, that his lyre will break.
