title: Time
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: trochaic tetrameter
lines: 74
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

The Physician of Disappointed Love.
Venus in her car descended,
Drawn by little harmless dove?,
Sportive graces round attended,
With a smiling band of loves.
Roses in a chaplet crown'd her,
And she chose her flowery seat
Where the songsters warbled round her —
Hudson's billows kiss'd her feet.
There I saw the queen of beauty,
Fondling Cupid in her arms,
And approach'd to pay my duty,
Ravish'd with her glowing charms.
•' Goddess, famed in ancient legends" —
I exclainrd — in posture low —
-' Queen of love's celestial regions,
" Welcome to the realms below!
•'•' I am told, the glance which captures,
" Springs alone from power of thine;
" Give me, then, love's burning raptures,
" Teach me love — and bliss is mine,"

WOOD WORTH'S. Amaton.

Time, the Physician of disappointed Love.
Venus smil'd at my petition,
Gave the urchin's dart a kiss,
Who exclaim'd, " mama's permission
" Gives you now the promised bliss.
" Here's the means, and skilPd to use '
" I but seldom miss the heart" —
Then within my throbbing bosom
Quick I felt the trembling dart.
How my glowing pulses bounded I
Like our sire, ere known to sin.
'Twas elysium that surrounded,
Joy and paradise within.
Hope, within her fragrant bowers,
Led me with a smile more sweet
Than the odoriferous flowers
Gaily blooming round our feet.
" Yes," I cried, " I thank thee, Venus,
" Hope and bliss will ne'er depart" —
When a demon sprang between us,
WTith a frown that froze the heart.
Hope beheld, and fled affrighted,
While the fiend's disastrous breath
Blasted all that had delighted,
Flowers and choristers, in death,

Aiuatoiy. WOODWORTH'S.

Time, the Physician of disappointed Love.

'Twas the fiend of Disappointment —
How his touch my bosom chilPd,
Poison'd Hope's balsamic ointment,
And my wound with anguish filPd.
" Queen of beauty, treacherous Venus,
" Save me from a fate like this;
•'•" Jove himself may judge between us,
" Pain is all thy promised bliss."
"Mortal ! ever discontented,
" Your unjust reproaches spare;
u Is your wish so soon repented?
" Well, again I grant your prayer.
'• Yon decrepit sage will heal you,
" Whose approach appears so slow $
" Let his icy fingers feel you,
" And you must forget your wo."
Time approached his aid to proffer
But I shrunk from his relief;
Hugg'd my pain — refused his offers
For I found a joy in grief.
Lives there one, who loves sincerely
Willing to forget the flame?
^o — 'tis dissolution, nearly,
Nature will assert her claim.

My Mother's Grave — in Scituate, state of Massachusetts.
