title: My Mother's Grave (part 1 of 2)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Written in a country Burial Place, in ScituQtf,
Massachusetts.
Aurora paints the orient skies with light,
With rosy pencil tinges every cloud,
Unfolds her gates upon the rear of NIGHT,
And strips the mountains of his sable shroud.
The conscious stars conceal their twinkling fires,
Night's waning empress turns more sickly pale
Her votary the whizzing bat retires,
The owl suspends her harsh complaining tale.
The lark awakes and tunes his matin song,
And all the sylvan warblers join the theme,
The whistling ploughman drives his team along,
And sporting swans sail stately down the stream.
Adieu, dull couch! for nature more can please,
While o'er her rich enamel'cl breast I stray,
Inhaling sweets which freight the balmy breeze.
Stolen in kisses from the lips of May.
The peach-bloom in the breathing zephyr plays,
And shakes soft odours from its silken leaves;
•The apple, too. a silver garb displays,
Whence morning's breath a rich perfume receives*

Elegiac. WOODWORTH'S.

My M

Here let me stray, adown this mossy ridjre;
Observe yon streamlet o'er the pebbles creep;
Pass o'er its little rude-constructed bridge,

To where, in silence, all our fathers sleep.
O may I never pass this sacred spot,
Unmindful of the dust these walls enclose:
For here, partaking in the common lot,
A tender MOTHER'S relics find repose I
Here various stones, on various models planned,
Discriminate between the rich and p' or;
Some richly sculptured, by an artist's hand,
Some rudely lettered, and adorn'cl no more.
But filial love and sorrow soon discern
The humble slate they consecrated here;
The drooping willow weeping o'er the urn,
The quoted motto, and the name most dear.
Yes, 'tis the same — beneath this turfy heap
Lowly reclines the form which t^ave me birth $
Those arms, the cradle of my earliest sleep,
Are nerveless now, and mingling with the earth.
Those lips, whose accents could my cares remove,
Are seal'd in silence, stiffened, cold, and dead!
Those eyes, which beam'd with fond maternal love;
Are closed in darkness, and their lustre fled.'

WOODWORTH'S. Elegiac.

Mv Mother's Grave

€)h! dear departed, venerable shade!
If earthly objects can thy notice claim,
Accept the tribute filial love has paid,
The pearly gem that glitters on thy name.
Though five sad years their destin'd course have run.
Since death confin'd thy mortal body here,
Yet cannot thy poor, sorrowing, orphan son,
Review the spot unmoisten'd with a tear.
Hard fate forbade, when nature's tenderest ties
Were sever d by the lingering stroke of death,
That filial love should close thy sunken eyes,
Or from thy lips to kiss the parting breath.
Forgive thy son, indulgent parent, this,
As he forgives the fate he could not move;
Though oft in duty he has been remiss,
This last neglect was not from want of love.
For, weeks before, when wasting nature knew
The struggle fruitless for her forfeit breath,
Thy wish I heard, and with impatience flew
To kiss thy cheek before it sunk in death.
When faithful memory recalls with pain
This last sad duty which I paid to thee,
A final parting, ne'er to meet again,
Till from the world and its corruptions free—

Efeiac. WOODWORTH'S.

My Mother's Grave.

I feel the son in all my moving soul;
How truly so, these starting tears reveal:
The sacred drops shall meet with no control.'
Affection's tear what son would e'er conceal?
Then was the mother all alive in thee;
What wholesome counsel from thy lips I drew>— -
Which in my breast shall ever treasured be —
The only legacy I had from you.
Since then, dear parent, Joy has seldom smiled
Upon thy son — severe has been his fate —
The world was new — an inexperienc'd child
Its friendship sought — but only gain'd its hate I
He hoped from FORTUNE but a cheering smile,
But like the world she frowrrd upon his claim;
He then pursued a fleeting shade a while —
But broke a bubble when he grasp'd at FAME!
His only respite, now, from mental pain,
Is o'er his native rural scenes to roam;
A view of this sequestered spot to gain,
Or, when away, to think of thee and home!
The green turf swells above thy mouldering clay,
The moss has strew'd it with the softest felt;
The violets here their loveliest hues display,
To deck the bed on which he oft has knelt.

My Mother's Grave.
This humble stone, which fond affection placed
To mark the spot, and to preserve thy name.
Though by a rude unlettered artist traced,
On his regard has more than marble's claim.
Sacred to thee for ever may it stand;
Forbear, O TIME! the tablet to destroy,
Whose Jay disarms the king of terror's hand —
" Death ix i/ie gate to everlasting joy."
This truth b^liev'd, no more shall baseless fear
Attend the vord that speaks of leaving earth;
We seek for happiness — it dwells not here;
In Heaven alone are joys of lasting worth.
Here some repose who scarce received their birth,
Ere death consign 'd them to the silent tomb;
Small, though sufficient., is their lot of earth —
The flowers, transplanted, will for ever bloom.
No age is free from DEATH'S insatiate bow,
His shafts are levelled, and his victims fall!
The rose of infancy, or four-score snow,
Alike avail not, he must conquer all.
Those rustic biers against the wall reclin'd,
The waiting bearers of the archer's prey.
Impress this serious truth upon the mind,
Mxistema is not certain for a day!
