title: My Mother's Grave (part 2 of 2)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 74
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

My Mother's Grave.
How oft this pious, all-important theme,
Hast thou impressed upon thy list?ning boy,
My much-loved Mother! — but the playful dream
Of childhood, pictured only scenes of joy.
Then would we come, my little sisters too,
And one fond brother, through this yard to stray;
Our destined beds beneath the sod to view,
Survey these stones, and read the uncouth lay.
Then, as the shades of evening veil'd the plains,
Back to yon mansion* we would gaily stroll,
The humble benefice which still sustains
The careful guardian of the Christian soul.
Beneath that roof, I first inhaled the air,
Poor were my parents, hard they earn'd their bread,
Rich only in a reputation fair,
And owifd no mansion where to lay the head.
Along yon streamlet,? where the whisp'ring reeds
And fragrant flags upon its borders play,
Where through those cedars it meand'ring leads,
My infant footsteps first were taught to stray.
half a mile from the harbour.
t A well-known brook, leading from Beaverdam Swamp to the harbour.

WOODWORTH'S. Elegiac,

My Mother's Grave.

And how a Mother's tender, anxious care,
Has oft depriv'd me of this little joy!
The last love-pledge of this connubial pair,
Their fears were ever wakeful for the boy.
The sylvan Muse entic'd me to her cell,
My childish fingers wanton'd o'er her lyre,
Bade the rude strain, untaught, to wildly swell,
While to the sound each throbbing pulse beat higher.
Then, as I grew, and learn'd to sweep the strings
By art directed, though less sweetly wild,
I envied not the happiness of kings,
My lyre was bliss, and I a happy child.
But why recount the joys of childhood o'er?
Tl at happy state with all its joys has fled!
AS fade the beauties of the tender flower,
When WINTER beats upon its drooping head*
Out see! the ocean sparkles on the sight,
What lovely hues upon its surface play;
The liquid mirror streams with dazzling light.
Reflected from the rising god of day.
He comes! and nature hails his gladd'ning beams,
New life pervades her animated part;
Nor less improved the vegetable seems,
Its charms increase, and laugh at mimic art

My Mothers Grave.
lie sunk, and left the mourning world in gloom
Not long ago, adown the western skies lie sunk, and left the mourning world in gloom;
But only sunk at night, again to rise,
In tenfold splendour, from his watery tomb.
So, though we sink beneath the verdant sod,
And leave our friends in mournful weeds and tears,
We only sink to rise and dwell with GOD,
An age unmeasured by successive years.
There, we shall meet, dear Mother! yet again
Thou art but gone before a little while;
There, joy is endless, unalloy'd with pain,
There, an eternal round of summers smile.
Fly swift, ye winged hours, and be my lot
To count but few, ere death shall aim the dart;-
Then lowly let me rest beneath this spot,
And lose the anguish of an aching heart.
Short be my life, yet then, if sorrows count,
A lengthen'd age should clothe my head in snow;
O could my virtues gain but their amount,
Perfection would have once been found below.'
Adieu, dear spot! necessity commands
The youth who loves you far from hence away f
But while a thought of home his breast expands,
Your dear remembrance never can decay!
