title: A Monody
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 118
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

On the Death of a highly-esteemed Friend.
My lyre, which erst to Friendship tuned, I woke
In strains the sacred theme inspired,
While with its flame the glowing chords were fired.
Ah! sad exchange! the tie of friendship broke,
By death dissolved, must make its sadder theme!
While every falling note with wo shall teem!
To KIDDER'S early fate the muse shall pay
Sincere affection's purest lay;
The emanations of a grief fraught soul,
The real feelings of an honest heart,
UnfeignM, and unadorn'd by art,
Who all her paler hues from nature stole.
Ye youths, ye virgin train,
Whose eyes to his responsive snriPd,
When festive rites the hours beguiPd,
With me complain!
Me, whom the closer link of friendship join'd
To his expanded heart — where truth, combined
With every glowing grace, superior shone;
With me commingle sympathetic tears,

A Monody on the Death of a Friend.
While faithful Memory shall own
His worth, his virtues, past!
She bids retrace the journey of his years.
Review the path, nor see a blemish cast.
Flush'd by the balmy spring of youth, he rose.
In life's parterre, a flower of fairest hue;
Denied affection's fostering, pearly dew,
Parental sunshine — yet his tints disclose
Beauty internal — fragrance all his own;
Benevolence conspicuous shone,
And nectar'd charity distill'd
In grateful odours! — who beheld him bloom
And yet their love withheld?
Who, could they have foreseen his early doom,
But would have shed anticipated tears;
Withheld the victim from the insatiate tomb,
If prayers could hold, for many, many years?
But prayers, nor youth, nor virtue, nought avail
Against diseases, ministers of death!
The tyrant claims our forfeit breath,
And who his claim withstands? entreaties fail I
One gift alone can make us scorn the foe,
Though not his shaft evade;
The heavenly gift our Saviour brought below,
Religion^ sweet, celestial maid.'

A Monody on the D<JKI!I of a F'iend.
By thee sustain'd, the darkened path grows bright,
And leads to realms of everlasting light!
Cease then, my tears, to flow,
Cease, sighs, to murmur wo,
This peerless guide my friend secured,
While he the ills of life endured;
Cheer'd by a seraph's song,
The youih she led along
The gloomy path — its roughness fled,
And Terror hid his grisly head;
The gate of Paradise displayed
Cherubs in robes of light array'd:
And songs re-echo'd through the empyreal dome,
As heavenly minstrels hail'd him welcome home!
But selfish sorrow will intrude —
The loss is ours — and nature will be heard
Till sorrow is subclu'd
By cooler reason's unimpassion'd sway;
The worth we lov'd, the virtues we revered,
We must lament when torn away.
So young, to fall! but youth, as hoary age,
Finds no respect I The infant dies
When scarcely entered on the stage;
His part to ope, and then to close his eyes,
Some claim a longer scene, and bustle round
Their little walk, with rant and sound;

A Monody on tho D« ath of! u Friend.
The curtain drops, and they are seen no more!
Few labour onward thro' the tedious play
Till life's allotted, farthest verge, is o'er,
Then fall like fruit when autumn melts away.
Thus is it ordered, Order's source to please;
Who will impeach His infinite decrees J
Granted, 'tis just — yet sympathy must weep —
To see him hastening to the silent dead
Without a kindred tear of sorrow shed!
JNor bosom where to fall asleep I
Nor hand to close his eyes!
Strangers that mournful task perform'd I
Yet strangers here were friends — their tears, their sighs,
From bosoms flow'd by purest feelings wrarm'd.
Friends tied by nature could no more;
Nor more sincerely such a loss deplore.
Might fond fraternal offices assuage
The pangs of sore disease? — these too denied!
For ah! a brother still of lesser ag;e,
At distance languished, while his brother died!
No tender sister weeping o'er his bed!
No anxious father soothing with his love I
No mother! God! I touch a tender string
My heart's acutest nerve — its vital thread,
Struck too unkindly, tears of crimson move,
And waken'd sorrow whets her blunted sting!

A Monody on the Death of a Friend.
O grant, ye powers that rule the lives of all,
If I am doom'd, like him I mourn, to fall —
Far from the bosom of my home,
Where fate may call, and I may roam —
O grant my wish — may hearts like those which bleS
O'er Kidder's corse, mourn too for me;
Such be the strangers round my bed $
Such be the tears they shed;
Whoe'er they be:
Such be the sacred care my ashes find
When death has clos'd the scene:
Such be the impression on the youthful mind,
When followers round my grave convene:
But more than all — like his, my spirit rise,
And with him reign in worlds beyond the skies.

Oa the Death of a beloved infant.
