title: Ode (part 1 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Sung at the Celebration of Independence, by the
Society of Juvenile Patriots.
When from our shores Bellona's car
RecoiPd amid dread scenes of war;
The guardian Genius of our land
Gave listening freemen this command —
" Revere fair Freedom's chosen Son,
Protect with life the prize he won."
High on her right the Hero stood
Victorious from the fields of blood,
And pois'd to Heaven his reeking blade,
As witness to the vow he made: —
" This arm, with Heaven for its shield,
Shall e'er protect the dear-bought field. "
The goddess heard the solemn vow,
And twinM the laurel round his brow;
While swell'd the anthem to his praise,
And spheres responsive caught the lays— -
" Revere the Hero, Washington,
For he your Independence won.7'

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Then, while we consecrate the day
Which gave our land its lawful sway,
Let all our bosoms glow with fires
Becoming sons of hero-sires;
Swear ne'er to forfeit what they won
While earth revolves around the sun.
And while our goblets flow with wine,
While rich libations gra.ce her shrine,
In clouds of incense to the skies
Let this inspiring theme arise —
" The Youth of Freedon, e'er will be
Champions of sacred Liberty."
While Mars' red banner floats unfurl'd
O'er the blood-delug'd eastern world,
Here, peace shall bless us with her reign,
While Virtue, Right, and Faith remain;
And let mad Europe blush to see
That Peace can dwell with Liberty.
But if our foes should e'er conspire
To kindle Freedom's funeral pyre,
And slaves of tyrants join the band
To subjugate their native land,
Our Youth indignant shall arise
And save the dearly-purchas'd prize.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Our fathers fought, and scornM to yield,
But drove Oppression from the field,
Then gave this mandate, with the prize,
To unborn Patriots, yet to rise —
" Protect the blessing we bestow,
And guard your rights from every foe."
Then, Youthful Patriots, rise, and swear
To hold the glorious name you bear;
Your dear-bought Freedom to maintain,
While Ocean, Earth, or Skies remain;
And, like your fathers, still to be
Independent, Great, and Free.

The Genius of Freedom, escap'd from the flood
Which had delug'd the world, and usurp 'd her do minion,
On the glaciers of Switzerland tremblingly stood,
To Heaven she look'd and extended her pinion;
When over the main
Was wafted this strain,
Which Echo, in raptures, repeated again —
c< The Sons of Columbia have sworn to be free,
And their arms shall maintain what their voices decree/"'*

94 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
She heard it, and Westward directed her flight,
Till our hills met her view in fair grandeur ascending.
When her temple's effulgence burst full on her sight,
And her sons were the rites of her worship attending.
Her altar was rear'd,
And while Freemen rever'd,
The anthem was struck, and this chorus she heard —
The Sons of Columbia have sworn to be free,
And their arms shall maintain what their voices decree.
Then, here let her temple for ever be found,
Ye priests who attend, guard the shrine from pollution;
In the midst be the statue of Washington crown'd
With the laurels he won in our grand revolution.
Swell the anthem again
To Liberty's reign,
And this be the chorus to finish the strain —
The Sons of Columbia have sworn to be free,
And their arms shall maintain what their voices decree.
On high soars our Eagle, begemm'd with the stars,
A dread to our foe, but a dove to our brother;
One talon still clenching the thunder of Mars,
But the olive of peace is held forth in the other.
The world may unite,
With treble our might;
We proffer them peace, but can meet them in fight —

Patriotic.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.

For the Sons of Columbia have sworn to be free,
And their arms shall maintain what their voices decree.
Ye Heroes who once so impregnable stood
'Gainst Britain's whole prowess, and scorn'd to bend

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Arise, injure! freemen, again grasp the spear,
And hurl on aggressors the vengeance they merit,
The blessing preserve which you value so dear,
The blessing our Fathers have bid us inherit.
Indignant arise,
Britain's lion despise,
And swear by the Ruler of earth, sea, and skies,
That the Sons of Columbia will ever be free,
And their arms shall maintain what their voices decree.
When the fiend of fell discord had delug'd in gore
The nations of Europe who bow'd to the demon,
And Oppression's black sceptre was held o'er the shore
Once charter 'd by Heaven, the birth-right of freemen:
In a chariot of flame
Fair Liberty came,
And the armour of Pallas encircled the dame:
Attend to her call — " Sons of Freedom, arise,
Independence in thunder proclaim to the skies."
Inspired by the genius, our fathers unfurl'd
Her star-spangled banner, and own'd her dominion;
Bade their cannon indignant proclaim to the world
Their oath to be freemen in act and opinion.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
While her Eagle on high,
Flashing fire from his eye,
Saw the olive disdain'd, and his thunders let fly.
Then the watchword was" Freedom7' — Columbia arise.
Independence in thunder proclaim to the skies.

The foe in confusion recoil'd from our shore,
Where Tyranny's Upas in vain sought to flourish;
But the soil he relinquished, enrich'd with his gore.
Shall for ages the fair Tree of Liberty nourish.
Mid its branches above,
In a union of love,
The Eagle shall nestle and sport with the dove,
While, from myriads of freemen, this chorus shall rise —
" Independence is our's, we'll proclaim to the skies."
But, hark! what hoarse discord our senses assail I
Our bird grasps his thunders, extends his broad pin ions,
And, perch'd mid the stars, he hears borne on the gale
Ambition's proud threat to invade his dominions:
But our heroes advance,
