title: Ode (part 2 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

And alert seize the lance,
To repel the encroachments of England or France.
" Independence! — we'll never relinquish the prize?r;
Let your cannon in thunder proclaim to the skies.

98 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Rise, freemen, arise! let this festival day,
Devoted to joy and refined recreation,
See millions stand ready, alert to obey,
Should Liberty call to repel an invasion.
Your weapons retain,
While the goblet you drain,
Your toast — " Death or Freedom" — and crown'd with this strain:
" Independence! — we'll never relinquish the prize,"
Let the oath be in thunder proclaimed to the skies.
Come crowd around the festive board,
And join the song with one accord,
Be every breast with pleasure stored.
And care and envy send hence.
Our dear-bought freedom we will praise,
Dear-bought freedom — dear-bought freedom —
Our dear-bought freedom we will praise.
The right of our descendants;
Our dear-bought freedom we will praise.
And every glowing heart shall raise
The chorus of our joyful lays.
Columbia's Independence.

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S. 99.
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Be party rancour banished hence,
For peace is virtue's recompence;
Friendship and love on no pretence
Should ever meet with hinderance.
Let sons of Freedom e'er agree —
.^ons of Freedom — sons of Freedom —
Let sons of Freedom e'er agree,
In amity's attendance;
Let sons of Freedom e'er agree,
For why should men, existing free,
Deform, with Discord's stormy sea —
Columbia's Independence?
We here assemble to rejoice
That patriots, with united voice,
Once rose and made this manly choice,
For them and their descendants.
They Freedom's eagle raised on high —
Freedom's eagle — Freedom's eagle —
They Freedom's eagle raised on high,
Amid the stars' resplendence;
They Freedom's eagle raised on high,
And swore to fight or bravely die,
If foreign despots dare deny
Columbia's Independence.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Bellona goads her foaming steeds,
Beneath her car Oppression bleeds,
And Tyranny with haste recedes.
With all his curst attendants;
Our patriot fathers gainM the day —
Patriot fathers — patriot fathers —
Our patriot fathers gain'd the da}*,
For them and their descendants;
Our patriot fathers gain'd the day,
For which we raise the joyful lay.
And on our banners still display
Columbia's Independence.
Then Freedom bade her temple rise.
Whose fabric every foe defies,
While joyous seraphs from the skies
Bestow their glad attendance;
And shades of martyrs smiling see —
Shades of martyrs — shades of martyrs —
And shades of martyrs smiling see
The joy of their descendants;
And shades of martyrs smiling see
Their sons united, brave and free,
And yearly hail, with mirth and glee?
Columbia' t Independence,

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S. 101
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Written for the celebration of a Society of Printers-
While around the festive board
The sons of Freedom throng,
And bid her praises rise,
In patriotic song;
Ye brethren of our heaven-born art,
Unite to hail the day;
Let joy expand each patriot heart,
Each tongue assist the lay.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morn,
Ye sons of FAUST,* arise,
For ever swear to guard
The dearly purchased prize.
Mankind in darkness groped,
Their blind and erring way,
Deep veiFd in Gothic shades,
With scarce a glimpse of day,
'Till FAUST arose and bid our art
Illume their darken'd mind;
Then Independence fired the heart,
Which knowledge had refined.

Faust — the Inventor of the Art of Printing,

WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morn,
Ye sons of FAUST, arise,
For ever swear to guard
The dearly-purchas'd prize.
But long they sought in vain
To win the heavenly prize;
Oppression's lengthen 'd reign
Their ardent wish denies.
Till o'er our hard-earn'd Western soil
He dared his sceptre wield;
"Twas then our sires, with blood and toil,
Gain'd freedom and the field.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morn,
Ye sons of FAUST, arise,
For ever swear to guard
The dearly-purchas'd prize.
Then smiling Peace was our's?
And every earthly bliss,
Till Europe's treacherous powers,
Betray'd us with a kiss.
But, like our fathers, now we'll rise,
Our birthrights to maintain —
Swear by the God of earth and skies;
No tyrant here shall reign.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morn,
Ye sons of FAUST, arise, &c.

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Then let the foe advance,
The press shall still inspire,
To wield the missive lance,
Or guide the vengeful fire;
And here we swear, when Freedom calls.
We'll not refuse to die;
The foe shall see beneath our balls,*
His columns fall in pye.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morna
Ye sons of FAUST, arise,
For ever swear to guard,
The dearly-purchas'd prize.
Long ere a foreign flag,
O'er tops Columbia's stripes,
We'll forge our sticks to arms,
To balls convert our types.
