title: Ode (part 3 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 145
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

We'll never flinch, but give them chase,
Display our mystic STARS,
Our Eagle still shall hold his place,
And hurl the shafts of Mars.
Arise, 'tis Freedom's natal morn,
Ye sons of FAUST, arise,
For ever swear to guard
The dearly-purchas'd prize.
The words in italics are technical terms, peculiar to the Art,

104 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Who threats with foreign rule,
Our shooting-sticks defy;
We'll have a brush with all,
Before we take thfe lie.
We'll hush the English lion's roar,
French cannon we'll compose,
The form of tyranny beat o'er,
And hot-press all our foes.
Arise, ^is Freedom's natal mom.
Ye sons of FAUST, arise,
For ever swear to guard
The dearly-purchas'd prize.
Long may we keep the morn,
Which gave our nation birth,
And when, at length, our works
Are finished here on earth —
May we our Heavenly Author mee
(Our earthly forms forsook)
And each become a perfect sheet
In His eternal book.
Till then, on Freedom's natal morn.
Let joyful paeans rise:
To-day for us was born,
The goddess of the skies.

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S. J Q;»
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Written for the celebration of Independence by the
New-York Typographical Society.
From the crystalline courts of the temple of light,
The dove-eye of mercy to earth was directed,
Where mortals were grov'ling, deep-shrouded in night;
For passion was worshipp'd and wisdom rejected:
Immersed in each ill
Of corrupted free-will,
Yet, mercy was patient, and vengeance slept still:
For infinite Love had his banner unfurPd,
And the precepts of wisdom were preach'd to the world.
But haughty Ambition extended his reign,
And wielded the sceptre of magic delusion,
Held reason enshackled in tyranny's chain,
And govern'd by knowledge and learning's exclusion:
With mitre and hood,
Superstition and blood,
Corruption and vice deluged earth like a flood;
The blood-crimson'd banner of war was unfurPd,
And knowledge and learning were swept from the world.

106 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Deep lockM in the shrine of antiquity's lore,
The scriptures of light were withheld unexpounded?
A counterfeit Peter still guarded the door,
And the seekers of truth were by error confounded.
Omnipotence saw —
Bade delusion withdraw,
And ordain'd that OUR ART should promulgate his law.
Then Genius its fetters at Tyranny hurl'd,
And Printing appeared to enlighten the world.
The blush of Aurora now lighted the East,
And banish'd the darkness of mystical terror:
Man sprang from the shrine where he'd worship'd the beast,
While prejudice own'd and relinquished his error,
The truth was received,
Admired and believed,
And our's is the art which the blessing achieved:
For now was the banner of wisdom unfurFd,
And Printing promulgated truth through the world.
The sage of Genoa, whose high-soaring soul,
By a flash from our art, glow'd with new inspiration;
In brilliant perspective saw glory's bright goal,
And enroll 'd a new world on the page of creation,
With fame-swelling breast,
Still onward he press'd,

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.

Odes for the Celebration of Aim-rican Independence.
Till Eden's bright regions appeard in the West,
Each clime saw the canvas of Europe Unfiirl'd,
While Printing taught commerce to polish the world.
But the sons of the West, to more glory were born;
And to us shall proud Europe the laurel surrender:
For though her's was the blushing effulgence of morn.
Yet our's is the noon of meridian splendour;
For Heaven decreed
That Columbia be freed,
And Printing and valour accomplish'd the deed.
The banner of war was by Justice unfurFd,
And freedom by Printing proclaim'd to the world.
Our Standard the Eagle of Libert}* bears,
His eyes, like the stars which surround him, re splendent;
While the olive asks peace, every arrow declares,
" Columbia for ever shall be Independent;"
For freedom is our's,
Nor shall Europe's mad powers
A feather e'er filch from our bird as he towers;
And while Printing its influence extends through the world,
The banner of freedom shall never be furlM.

108 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
For the Netc-York Typographical Society.
When o'er proud Tiber's flood
Fair Science rear'd her dome.
And Greece had lent her arts
To gild imperial Rome,
Ambitious Genius aim'd her flight
To seek unknown renown.
But, veil'd in sable shades of night.
She sunk bewilderd down;
For fate to them denied the art
Which gives fair knowledge birth.
Refines the human heart,
And scatters bliss on earth.
No soft refinements graced
Or harmonized the mind,
For madd'ning wars career
Left calmer joys behind;
The social ties which life endear
Their thoughts could ne'er engage:
The sympathetic smile and tear
Were lost in battle's rage:
For fate to them denied the art
Which gives fair knowledge birth.
Refines the human heart,
And scatters bliss on earth.

Odes for the Celebration of American hidependouce.
Time told a thousand years
On his eventful page,
When Faust, at length, appears
To bless the happy age;
His plastic hand lends Genius wings,
Bids Wisdom proudly soar,
And infant Learning joyful springs
With powers unknown before.
His was the Heaven-descended art
To give fair knowledge birth,
To mend the human heart,
