title: Ode (part 4 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

And civilize the earth.

The sun of science rose
And chased the clouds of night 3
While wondering realms survey'd,
Astonish'd at the sight —
The social arts, in Wisdom's train,
With love and peace advance,
Teach man to feel his fellow's pain..
A brother's joy enhance.
Ours is the Heaven-descended art
To give fair knowledge birth,
To mend the human heart.
And civilize the earth.

HO WOODWORTH'b. Patriotic,
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
Hail, art of arts! all hail!
Thy praises mock the lyre;
To reach the boundless theme,
Its tones in vain aspire;
But grateful hearts, who feel the bliss
Thy magic power bestows.
Respond to every strain like this,
How dull soe'er it flows:
Our's is the Heaven-descended art
To give fair knowledge birth,
To mend the human heart,
And civilize the earth.
For the New-York Typographical Society.
Awake the loud trumpet, 'tis Freedom invites.
Let heroes unite in the strain;
The olive of PEACE with the laurel unites,
And music swells sweet o'er the plain.
Thy birth, Independence, by freemen be kept,
Till Tyranny's banner be furl'd,
Till despots have bled, where their victims have wept.
And Freedom has spread o'er the world.

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Ill

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
When dark Superstition had fetter'd the mind.
And Reason in bondage was bound.
The goddess descended to ransom mankind,
And Genius arose from the ground.
The PRESS she established, a pillar of fire,
(While Night's sable curtain was furl'd,}
Its splendour bade mystic Delusion retire,
And PRINTING gave light to the world.
The daring Columbus his canvas unfurl'd,
A nation arose in the West,
The store-house of Europe, a mart for the world,
A home for the poor and oppressed.
Here Freedom's bright temple effulgent shall shine,
Her flag o'er its turrets unfurl'd,
Our arms have twice saved it, 'twill never decline
While PRINTING gives light to the world.

WOOD WORTH'S. Pafiolk-

Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
For the New~York Typographical Society.
When, wrapped in folds of papal gloom,
Dark Superstition awed the world,
Consign'd fair Knowledge to the tomb,
And Error's sable flag unfurPd;
Earth heard this mandate from the skies —
" Let there be light — great ART arise."
Fair Science wiped her tears and smiled*
And infant Genius plumed his wing:
The Arts assemble round the child,
And all this glowing chorus sing —
Rise, sun of science! quick arise.'
And lend thy light to darken *d eyes.
Our Art arose, and man had light,
The clouds of superstition fled,
The fiend of ignorance took his flight,
D Of
And Error hid his hateful head;
Whilst swelFd this chorus to the skies —
;i Our Art shall live, and Freedom rise.""
The goddess, who for ages past,
Had wept beneath despotic night,
Her cankering fetters burst at last,
And claim'd the charter of her risjht:

Patriotfc. WOOD WORTH'S. 113
Odes for the Celebration of American Independence.
While men and seraphs join'd this strain —
" Printing shall live, and Freedom reign."
Hail, Freedom! hail, celestial guest!
O never from thy sons depart;
Thine be the empire of the West,
Thy temple every freeman's heart;
The Art of Printing gave thee birth,
And brightens still thy reign on earth.
Arise, ye favour'd sons of light,
Professors of our heaven-born Art —
And in the chorus all unite,
While joy expands each throbbing heart:
" The Art of Printing shall endure,
And Independence be secure."

114 WOODWORTH'S. Patriotic.
OJes for the Celebration of American Independence.
For the New-York Typographical Society.
Hail to the Art whose effulgence has brightenM
The darkness that shroucted, for ages, the world;
Long shall fair Freedom, by Printing enlightened,
Wave the bright banner her sons have unfurl'd.
Dark was the human mind,
And hood-wink'd Reason blind,
While Tyranny gave to his war-steeds the rein;,.
Then Faust arose to bless,
And gave to man the press,
Free as the billows of Neptune's domain.
Then Liberty rous'd from the slumber of ages,
And taught a new nation to, rise in the West;
While History, smiling, unfolded her pages,
And show'd the bright name of Columbia impress
Long fought her patriot band,
Blood flow'd around the land,
Till Liberty triumph'd o'er Tyranny's powers;
The light w-hiqli Printing shed,
Like SoFs effulgence spread,
And Glory, with bright Independence, was pur's*

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Ode for the Celebration of American Independence.
Beaming with splendour, from Liberty's altar,
Ascended the flame which our Art had kept bright,
When demons united again to assault her,
Demolish her shrine, and extinguish its light.
Hark! trumpets sound alarms,
Drums, bugles, call to arms —
Arouse, freemen, rouse! to the field like your sires!
Soon shall the foemen yield>
Or fly the embattled field,
For Liberty triumphs while Printing inspires.
Twice have our arms Independence protected,
And twice haughty Britain has yielded the fight;
Long shall our valour and rights be respected?
Long shall, the blaze of our glory be bright.
Then hail the heaven-born Art,
Which first improved the heart,
And ransom'dthe mind from the thraldom of sense?
Long shall Columbia bless
The free unshackled Press,
Liberty's./Egis, and Virtue's defence.

116 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic,
