title: Inauguration Ode
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 62
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

While the vassals of Tyranny rivet their chains
By birth-day effusions, and base adulation,
Let freemen express, in their holiday strains,
The voice of a people — the choice of a nation.
Let laureats sing for the birth of a king,
-"Tis ours to rejoice for the first fruits of spring;
For still shall the Fourth Day of March ever yield
A harvest of glory in Liberty's field.
Encircled with glory, the Chieftain retires,
Who led us in safety thro' war's dread commotion;
While the spirit that rais'd him, another inspires,
To watch o'er our rights with equal devotion.
MONROE shall preside, his countrymen's pride,
The Soldier, the Statesman, the Patriot well tried
And thus shall the Fourth Day of March ever yield.
V harvest of glory in Liberty's field.

118 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
Ode for the Presidential Inauguration, 1817.
To legitimate tyrants no freeman shall bow —
To VIRTUE alone will we pay veneration:
The Chiefs of Columbia are call'd from the plough.
And retire from the chair to the same occupation.
Thus TOMPKINS arose, in the face of his foes.
For the path of a patriot the " Farmers Boy" chose;
And thus shall the Fourth Day cf March ever yield
A harvest of glory in Liberty's field.
Then hail to the day that beholds us once more
Place the chaplet of power on the brow of true merit:
'Tis the sacred insignia our WASHINGTON wore —
A legacy none but the good shall inherit:
To the Patriot MONROE the tribute we owe,
Till the people reclaim it again to bestow;
And the Fourth Day of March be again made to yield
A harvest of glory in Liberty's field.
Let freemen unite on this festival day
To celebrate Liberty's triumph in chorus;
Awaken the trumpet — our banners display,
And hail the bright prospect that opens before us;
In paeans of joy your voices employ,
For the Patriot MONROE, and our own < FARMER'S BOY f
And ne'er may the Fourth Day of March cease to yield
A harvest of glory in Liberty's field.

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.

Hiberaia's Tears.

HIBERNtA'S TEARS.
Hibernians tears for ever flow,
Her harp in silence slumbers ';
Her bards the patriot song forego.
Nor dare to breathe its numbers.
No more they bid the swelling tone
In Freedom's cause awaken;
Those happy days of bliss are flown,
And Erin weeps forsaken!
But though her sons in exile roam,
They sleep on Freedom's pillow;
And Erin's daughters find a home,
Beyond the western billow.
There shall they breathe the glowing strain,
To joy's ecstatic numbers;
There Erin's harp shall wake again.,
In rapture, from its slumbers.

120 WOOD WORTH'S. Patriotic.
