title: The Exiled Harper
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: trochaic tetrameter
lines: 66
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

<k/ Friendless exile! old and hoary,
Banish sorrow and complaint,
Wake thy harp to Erin?s glory,
Sing the lay of Erin's saint.7'
'Twas Saint Patrick's festal morning,
When I met th e man of grief;
On his cheek the tear was burning,
Wither'd was the shamrock's leaf.
" No! (exclaim'd the aged stranger)
Erin's glory is no more,
Hordes of bloody tyrants range her —
Freedom flies Hibernia's shore.
"Shackled with the yoke of Britain;
Doom'd to vassalage and chains,
Be her name nor sung nor written
Till oppression fly her plains,
" Bright she shines in ancient legends.
When her sons awoke the lay,
Ere her peaceful verdant regions
Groan'd beneath ambition's sway.

patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.

The Exiled Harper.

" Ask me not to sing of glory;
For, by all the griefs I bear,
By these scatter'd locks so hoary,
By our holy saint, I swear
^ Erin's harp shall ever slumber,
Never whisper through the vale,
Never breathe a tuneful number
Pregnant with dishonour's tale.
•- Fallen are the chiefs of Erin,
Fallen in their country?s cause,
Green their tombs are now appearing,
There her weeping daughters pause.
"When the night-blast scours the mountains,,
When it murmurs through the groves,
Mournful, by the dusky fountains,
EMMET'S shade in sadness moves.
- See, it points to ^urs'd oppression!
Hark! its shrieks arrest the gale!
Hurl your thunders on aggression,
Bid our warriors fill the vale.
•" Veterans, rouse! and save your natioft!
Hark! the trumpet calls to arms!"
Here no martial trump alarms/*

WOODWORTH'S. Patriotic.

The Exiled Harper.

In his eye, where fire was beaming,
Now appeared the tear of grief —
ee No, he sighed, I was but dreaming
Erin groans without relief.*

?< But I'll feed the fond reflection,
Days of other months review,
Call again to recollection
Dear companions whom I knew.
rt Now oppress'd by power and violence
Not a harp-string breathes a tone,
Wrapt in sorrow, thought, and silence,
Erin's hapless minstrels moan.
f* Sing of Erin's glory! madness.'
Would our Saint accept the lay?
No — devote to silent sadness
This our patron's festive day."

was suggested by Montgomery's Wanderer of Switzerland. But he
declines making any alteration,

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.
