title: Constitution and Guerriere
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: dactylic tetrameter
lines: 45
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Hark!?twas the trumpet of victory sounded f
Welcome the strain to a freeman so dear;
See, with a halo of glory surrounded,
HULL, ourjirst hero, in triumph appear!
Vainly the foeman his prowess had vaunted,
'Proudly deriding our infantile fleet;
HULL met the boaster with courage undaunted,
DACRES, as resolute, scorn'd to retreat.
Short was the dreadful fray,
On that eventful day,
Freedom's proud eagle still hovered on high:
Bright gleam 'd the crosslet too,
While fierce the volleys flew,
Shaking tlie ocean and rending the sky.
Short was the contest, but dreadful the slaughter.
Long shall Britannia lament for her tars;
Death held his carnival on the deep water,
Scattered with carnage and fragments of spars.
Still, like a tempest, the bold Constitution
Deluged the foeman with ruin and blood;
Whelm'd the proud Warrior in horrid confusion.
Till she lay.? sparless, a log on the flood,,

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Naval Victory No 1 — Constitution and Guerriere.
Still she prolonged the fray,
On that destructive day,
Still Freedom's banner was waving on high.
Low gleanrd the cross in view,
While fierce the volleys flew,
Shaking the ocean and rending the sky.
Short was the contest — the Warrior surrendered,
Covered with carnage and streaming with gore
Tenderest aid to the wounded was rendered,
Foemen once vanquished are foemen no more.
Hail, then, the hero, who, covered with glory,
Humbled the pride of our arrogant foe;
Long may his name be emblazon'd in story,
Long may his laurels continue to grow.
Then shout aloud his name,
And loud the deed proclaim —
HULL taught Britannia's red cross to descend;
HULL led the glorious way,
HuLL/bttgfa, and won the day —
Victory crowns him, and Freemen eommend,

j28 WOODWORTH'S. Naval and
