title: United States and Macedonian
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 57
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

The banner of FREEDOM high floated unfurl 'd,
While the silver-tipt surges in low homage curPd,
Flashing bright round the bow of a ship under sail,
In fight, like the tempest — in speed, like the gale.
She bears our country's name,
She builds our country's fame,
The bold United States, disdains to yield or fly;
Her motto is " Glory — we conquer or die."
All canvas expanded the gale to embrace,
The ship clear'd for action, still nearing the chase;
The foeman in view — every bosom beats high,
All eager for conquest, or ready to die.
Columbia's gallant tars,
Who sail beneath her stars,
Shall ne'er be known to yield — shall ne'er ignobly fly
Their motto is " Glory — we conquer or die."
Still rapidly lessens the distance between,
Till the gay-floating streamers of Britain are seen;
Till our quick-sighted chief could with rapture espy,
The cross, like a meteor, gleaming on high.
To gild our country's name,
To rival Hull in fame,

Patriotic. VVOODWORTH'b.

The brave Decatur now resolves the fight to try —
His motto is u Glory — we conquer or die."
Now Havoc stands ready with optics of flame.
And battle-hounds strain on the start for the game;
The blood-demons rise on the surge for their prey.,
While Pity, dejected, awaits the dread fray.
But Freedom's gallant sons,
Now station'd at their guns,
Remember Freedom's wrongs, and smother Pity's sigh;
Their motto is " Glory — we conquer or die."
Now the lightning of battle gleams horribly red,
Wliile a tempest of iron, and a hail-storm of lead,
Like a flood on the foe was so copiously pour'd,
That his mizen and topmasts soon went by the board.
Still fight Columbia's tars,
Beneath the stripes and stars,
For still their country's flag is proudly floating high —
Their motto is " Glory — we conquer or die*"*
The contest continued with horrible roar,
The demons of vengeance still feasting on gore;
Till more than an hundred of Britain's brave sons
Lay bleeding on deck by the side of their guns:
When low the cross descends,
And quick the battle ends,
The Macedonian yields, her streamers kiss the wave,;
Our motto is " Glory — we conquer to save."

Let Britain no longer lay claim to the seas,
For the trident of Neptune is our's, if we please;
While Hull, and Decatur, and Jones, are our boast,
In vain their huge navy may threaten our coast.
They?ild Columbia's name,
They build Columbia's fame;
And to revenge our wrongs, to battle eager fly;
Their motto is " Glory — we conquer or die?
