title: Constitution and Java
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: trochaic tetrameter
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Yankee tars! come, join the chorus,
Shout aloud the patriot strain;
Freedom's flag, again victorious,
Floats triumphant o'er the main.
Hail the gallant Constitution,
HULL immortalized her name,
BAINBRIDGE, round it, in profusion.
Pours the golden blaze of fame.
Scarce had Fame her Hull rewarded*
Kre intrepid Eainbridge rose,
Eager, while the world applauded,
To subdue his country's foes.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.

fatriotic. WOODWORTH'S. 133
Hull, on board the Constitution,
Sunk his foe beneath the flood;
Fired with equal resolution,
Bainbridge sought the scene of blood.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Lambert met him in the Java,
Fierce the hot contention rose —
Like the streams of Etna?s lava,
Fell our vengeance on the foes.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Neptune shumvd the fierce commotion,
Saw his realm with carnage spread,
Saw our fire illume the ocean,
Covered with the floating dead.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Twice had Time his glass inverted,
While the strife deform'd the flood,
Ere the fiend of death, diverted,
Ceased to glut on human blood.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
See, our foe, upon the billow,
Floats a wreck without a spar-
Lowly lies on ocean's pillow,
Many a brave and gallant tar.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.

Hark! his lee-gun speaks submission,
Bid our vengeful tars forbear —
IVlercy views the foe's condition,
Sees a bleeding brother there.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Man the boats: — the foe, confounded,
Yields to our superior fire;
Board the prize ' relieve the wounded I
Ere in anguish they expire.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Ah! the fight was hard contested,
Groaning there, an hundred bleed
Sixty-nine has death arrested,
From their floating prisons freed.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Clear the wreck! she cannot swim, boys
See! she follows the Guerriere!
Now your cans fill to the brim, boys,,
Sing our navy's bright career.
Hail the gallant Constitution, &c.
Toast the heroes famed in story,
Hull, Decatur, Rodgers, Jones:
Bainbridge, chief in naval glory,
Smiling Freedom joyful OWHS-

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S. 135
Hail the gallant Constitution,
Hull immjrtalized her name;
BAINBLUDGE, round it, in profusion;
Peurs the golden blaze of fame.
