title: Hornet and Peacock
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 61
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Rejoice! rejoice! Fredonia's sons rejoice!
And swell the loud trumpet in patriotic straiia;
Your choice, your choice, fair Freedom is your choice
Then celebrate her triumphs on the main.
For the trident of Neptune, long by Britain wielded
At length to Fredonia reluctantly is yielded.
Then for Hull, Decatur, Jones,
And for Bainbridge, swell the tones,
While the ready hand of Fame
Bright emblazons every name —
.Brave Lawrence, gallant Lawrence, now is shouted with acclaim.
Huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, boys,
Free is our soil, and the ocean shall be free;
€>ur tars, shall Mars, protect beneath our stars,
And Freedom's Eagle hover o'er the sea.

Attend, attend, ye gallant tars, attend,
While your deeds are recounted in patriotic song;
Ascend, ascend, your banners high ascend,
And 3rour cannon the loud chorus still prolong.
First, the bold Constitution led the path of glory,.
The gallant little Wasp then added to the story;
Scon a brighter glory 'waits,
The renown'd United States —
For she gave Columbia's fleet,
A new frigate that she beat;
While the famed Constitution sunk another in the deep.
Huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, boys,
Free is our soil, and the ocean shall be free;
Our tars, shall Mars, protect beneath our stars,
And Freedom's Eagle hover o'er the sea.
Again, again, Columbia's flag again,
Triumphantly floats where Britannia's us'd to soar;
In vain the main has own'd the Peacock's reign,
Her gaudy rainbow-honours are no more!
For Lawrence taught the Hornet so fiercely to assail her,
That all her boasted prowess in fight could not avail her;
But she ended her career,
Like the Java and Gueiriere,
For the Hornet's sting was ply'd,
Till the sea, with blushes died,
Its tyrant's fifth defeat in its bosojn sought to hide.
Huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, boys,

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Free is our soil, and the ocean shall be free;
Our tars, shall Mars, protect beneath our stars,
And Freedom's Eagle hover o'er the sea.
Unite, unite, Columbia's sons, unite,
And hurl on aggressors the tempest they provoke
The fight is right, then raise your sabres bright,
And Britons soon shall tremble at the stroke.
The foe on our coast! put your mountain-oaks in motion,
Fly to the main, for your wrongs were on the ocean,5
There, in a flood of fire,
Every tar shall breathe his ire:
His motto, while he fights,
Be « Free Trade and Sailors' Rights,"
Till even-handed Justice every injury requites.
Huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, huzza, boys,
Free is our soil, and the ocean shall be free $
Our tars, shall Mars, protect beneath our stars,.
And Freedom's Eagle hover o'er the sea»
