title: Enterprise and Boxer
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 85
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Thro' the gloom of despondence, bright glory appears.
And scatters again on the ocean its splendour;
Hark! Freedom's loud clarion proclaims to the spheres,
The names of more heroes who die to defend her.
On LAWRENCE'S bier,
Yet glisten'd her tear,
When this full-sounding chorus saluted her ear:
No tyrant shall ever rule over that flood,
Which LAWRENCE and BURROWS have stain'd with their blood.
Delighted, she listen'd, and learn'd from the strain
That her flag was victorious while Britain's de scended:
And though her tears fell for the fate of the slain,
She gloried in sons who so nobly defended:
Who in Liberty's cause,
With Heaven's applause,
Had died in defence of their country and laws.
Now vainly shall tyrants lay claim to that flood,
"Which LAWRENCE- and BURROWS have stain'd with their blood.

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S. 139
Vi-.-tw-rv No. 6— Enterprise and Boxer.
Young BURROWS, unknown on the annals of Fame,
Arose and laid claim to a chaplet of laurel;
Fought the Boxer enveloped in sulphur and flame,
Till the victory he gain'd, though he died in the quarrel.
On VICTORY'S breast,
The hero shall rest,
While his spirit aspires to the realms of the blest.
And ne'er shall a tyrant rule over that flood,
Which LAWRENCE and BURROWS have stain'd with their blood.

Then fill up your goblets, bid sorrow adieu,
The heroes who fell are encircled with glory;
WThile music inspires, let us toast the brave crew,
Who survive the hot contest, to tell us the story;
The fight they'll ne'er shun,
For with gun matclrd to gun,
ln triumph we only count six to their one.
No tyrant shall ever rule over that flood,
Which LAWRENCE and BURHOWS have stain'd with their blood.

Victories No. 7 and No. 11 combined — Lakes Erie and Champlain.
PERRY AND MACDONOUGH — on, ERIE AND CHAMPLAIX.
September 10, 1813, and September 11, 1814,
Hail to the day which arises in splendour,
Shedding the lustre of victory far!
Long shall its glory illumine September,
Which twice beheld freemen the victors in war,
Rous'd by the spirit bf heaven-born Freedom,
Perry her lightning pours over the lake $
His faulchion a meteor glitters to lead them,
And swift on the foemen in thunders they break.
Loud swells the cannon's roar,
Round Erie's sounding shore,
Answered in vollej^s by musketry's voice;
Till Britain's cross descends,
And the haughty foe bends —
Victory! Glory! Columbians, rejoice!
Hail to the day which, in splendour returning,
Lights us to conquest and glory again $
Time told a year — still the war-torch was burning,.
And threw its red ray on the waves of Champlain;
Rous'd by the spirit that conquer'd for Perry,
Dauntless Macdonough advanc'd to the fray;
Instant the glory that brightened lake Erie,
Burst on Champlain with the splendour of day.

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

Victories No. 7 and No. 11 combined — Lakes Erie and Champlain.
Loud swells the cannon's roar
On Pittsburgh's bloody shore,
Britons retreat from the tempest of war;
Prevost deserts the field,
While the gallant ships yield —
Victory! Glory! Columbians, huzza!
Hail to the day which, recorded in story,
Lives the bright record of unfading fame;
Long shall Columbians, inspired by its glory,
Hail its returning with joyous acclaim.
Victory scatter'd profusely the laurel,
Over our heroes, on land and on flood;
Britain, astonish'd, relinquish'd the quarrel,
Peace saw her olive arise from the blood.
Now cannons cease to roar,
Round Freedom's peaceful shore,
Silent and hush'd is the war-bugle's voice;
Let festive joys increase
In the sunshine of peace,
Peace gain' d by victory! Freemen, rejoice!
