title: New- Year Address (part 2 of 2)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: trochaic tetrameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.

There her haughty hopes are crumbled,
At our Eagle's flashing eye
George's cross is quickly humbled —
Not a streamer floats on high.
How they start, aghast with wonder,
That a rival dare advance,
Tempting Britain's awful thunder,
Which so oft has crippled France.
But at length they have discovered
We can surer vengeance urge,
Till their ships with carnage covered,
Float in wrecks upon the surge.
HULL advanced — illusion faded,
And the GUERRIERE, streaming blood.
Blushing for her flag degraded,
Shrunk beneath the crimson'd flood.
JOXES, the next in naval story,
Eager in the brilliant course,
Pluck'd a sprig from British glory —
Conquered with inferior force.
Next, DECATUR — how the muses
Love to dwell upon his name!
Next, DECATUH nobly chooses
British arrogance to tame.

150 WOOD WORTH'S. Occasional
New- Year Address to the Patrons of "The War."
Once his- sabre's blade reflected
Lightnings from the Barbary shore.5,
More than once that blade directed
Freedom's fire against the Moor,

Now a nobler contest offers.
Brighter ardour fires his soul —
He the dreadful meeting proffers.
Where the western billows roll..
Short, but bloody, was the battle—
Iron thunders shake the Main —
Leaden hail-stones thickly rattle,
Dimpling all the watery plain.
Soon the crippled foe surrenders;
Neptune sees the flag descend,
And7 amaz'd, his Trident tenders
To DECATUR, Freedom's friend..
Now COLUMBIA'S Eagle hovers
Where Britannia's streamers play'd.
There the patriot eye discovers
British injuries repaid.
Entering now this great Emporium.
Grateful to our gladden'd eyes,
See, the Jjritish MACEDONIAN
Enters here, DBCATUR'S prize '

Patriotic. WOOD WORTH'S.

New-Year Address to the 1'alrons of " The War."
PATRONS! when the British Liorr
Prowl'd the plains where Freedom smil'd
'Twas a giant, cased in iron,
Struggling with a little child.
Even then, the cause of truth,
Innocence, and right, were won —
$ow, in all the pride of youth,
Shall we now the contest shun P i¥o! the power of Britain ceases,
Base corruption blunts her sword^.
Daily Freedom's power increases,
Sailors' rights shall be restored.,
All the gloomy clouds that hover
O'er the cheerless Western plaitt
Shall Atlantic billows cover,
Oeean wash out every stain.,
Be our Navy once completed-,
Mann'd by Freedom's gallant tars
Foes will find their hopes defeated,
And respect Columbia's stars.
PATRONS! may each earthly blessing
Crown'd with honourable Peace —
Each enjoymeiit worth possessing,
Be your own till life shall

152 WOOD WORTH'S. Occasional;
A News-Carrier's New-Year Address, for 1816.
May no disappointing barrier
E'er your honest hopes oppose,
So sincerely prays your Carrier,
Such the grateful wish he owes.
