title: A News-Carrier's Address
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 137
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Presented to his Patrons on Neiv-Year morning, 1816.
Dear patrons! last night, as the evening expired,
ONE-THOUSAND-EIGHT-HUNDRED-AND-FIFTEEN retired;
A New Year succeeded, his banner unfurPd,
And day-light beheld him encircle the world.
Now, sanction'd by custom, again we appear,
To wish our kind patrons a Happy New Year:
And beg — that our numbers 'with patience be heard,,
A grateful effusion for favours conferred:
For, cheer'd by your patronage, bounty and smiles
The vigilant Carrier is pleas'd in his toils;
And cannot refrain, on each new-coming yearr
To whisper his wishes — his thanks, in your ear.
It is usual, we know, for each New-Year** Address
That annually flows from a Newspaper press,
To furnish a record of incidents past,
And hail the new year with remarks on the last*

Patriotic*. WOOD WORTH'S.

A News-Carrier's New- Year Address, for 1816.
But custom can never bind people of sense,
So, for once, if you please, we'll with this one dispense;
While we point you to prospects which open in view,
And just hint at the past in a couplet or two.
When last we addressed you, the clamour of arms
Still spread round our borders incessant alarms;
While the rough eastern breeze daily blew to our coas%
Additional aid to the red-coated host,
But armies, nor navies, nor engines of fate,
Gould dampen our hopes, nor our courage abate;
We rose as we felt every pressure increase,
Determined to conquer — an hon'rable peace.
The blood of our forefathers cried from their graves —
••*•' The blessings we gave you, resolve to maintain —
w A RIGHT once relinquish 'd, you'll never regain
<• What tho' you contend for your dearly-bought rights,
" With tyrants and wretches whom carriage delights;
i>; Whose haughty ambition lays claim to the sea,
"- And wars but with those who have souls to be free:
^ What tho? some disasters have darkened the sceney
" And demons of faction in council convene;
u Who openly threaten your cause to oppose,
% Embarrass your rulers,, and side with your foes:

154 WOOD WORTH'S. Occasional,
A News-Carrier's New- Year Address, for 1816.
" Yet, who droops at misfortune — desponds at defeat,
Ci Or shrinks at disaster, though seven times beat,
4'* Whose ardour can falter, whose purpose can pause..
w Distrusts either Heaven, himself, or his cause.
" Your infantile NAVY, on ocean and lake,
" Has prompted your pa?ans of triumph to wake;
" And the halo of glory which circles each head,
M Shall yet to the brows of your army be spread*
" To the field, then, with ardour — on Heaven relyy
" The tempest of war on invaders let fly;
" The breasts of true freemen a rampart can formf
^ That tyrants will find it destruction to storm."
We heard — and the plough in the furrow was staid,
Each art was relinquish "d for musket and spade;
The pipe of the swain in the valley was still,
While the bugle rung loud from each fortified hill.
The cause of humanity, freedom and truth,
Enkindled a flame in the breast of each youth,
Which, fann'd by the air that our freemen respire.,
Soon burst on the foe in a deluge of fire.
It kindles! it spreads! as approaches the storm —
And pulses long fridd beat rapid and warm;
The dim eye of age former lustre resumes,
And snow-circled temples bear helmet and plumes'.

Patriotic. WOODWORTH'S.

A iNews-Carrier's New-Year Address, for 1816.
The ardour increases— bright flashes the fire,
Our foes, in amazement, behold it aspire;
View armies assemble, inspired by its glow,
And feel the just vengeance it prompts to bestow.
They felt it at Chippewa, Bridgewater, York,
And at Plattsburgh received Yankee pay for their work,
Where untutored freemen forc'd veterans to yield,
Or shun their destruction by flying the field.
They felt it at Orleans, where Jacksoirs bright sword
Directed the deluge of death which we poured;
The conquerors of France, by their rashness involved.
Saw the cataract burst, and their legions dissolved.
They felt it, whenever in contact we came,
With arms, ammunition, and numbers the same:
And never have freemen deserted the plain,
Till numbers have rendered their bravery vain,
They felt it— and lo! the delusion was gone,
Proud Britain relinquish'd her Sine qua non;
Acknowledged our prowess— the contest gave orer9
And the olive was twined with the laurels we wore,-
The turbaivd Barbarians next we chastise,
Astounding their Dens and their Knights with surprise
Dccatur, like Caesar, makes summary work;
To a broadside or two strikes the turbulent Turk.

WOODWORTH'b. Occasion

A. News-Carrier's New-Year Address, for 1816.
In battle-array, then, our squadron appears,
Under valiant Decatur, in front of Algiers;
Who dictates a peace on his own quarter-deck,
Where the Dey has to sign it, or forfeit his neck,
Now Commerce revives, and her hundred wheels rolL
Our canvas is spread from equator to pole;
Antipodes gaze on our banner unfurPd,
For the course of our eagle shall girdle the world.
The genius of plenty her office resumes,
The treasures of India — Arabia's perfumes,
With each gem and each fruit that the world can produwt.
Her horn pours around for our pleasure or use.
The boundaries of Neptune's tempestuous domain
Our spirit of enterprise shall not restrain;
Nor forests retard it, nor mountains affright,
For Hudson and Erie their waves shall unite,
The Arts shall increase and refinement extend,
New graces to beauty shall piety lend;
The demon of selfishness shrink to his hole,
And the form of each action have USE for its soifL
Here Freedom shall flourish, a star in the west;
The dove and the eagle together shall rest;
Fair Science, delighted, her portals unfold,
And Genius soar upward on pinions of gold*

Though bloody AMBITION, with ENVY and HATE,
Have sunk hapless France to a vassalage state;
The strand where she founderd our policy shuns,
While we take to our bosom her emigrant sons.
The names of our heroes, recorded by Fame,
Shall glow in her tablets in letters of flame;
And patriots, and sages, and bards yet unborn,
With splendour as brilliant the page shall adorn.
Our glory a lustre untarnished displays,
Yet soon it may dazzle with still brighter rays;
Virtue, talents, and firmness, combined, may appear.,
New- York may yet furnish our state charioteer.
Dear Patrons, this honest effusion excuse,
You well may be weary, for so is our muse;
Then accept our best wishes, believe them sincere,
And long may we greet you with " Happy New-Year.

A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
