title: New- Year Address (part 1 of 2)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Written for the Carrier of the Columbian — 1811.
Patrons, the moon, whose silver cresent dress'd
At ten last night, the star-bespangled west,
Has fifteen times her orbit's path-way run,
And travelled with us once around the sun,
Since first your Carrier, ardent in the toil,
Became a satellite of favour's smile,
And, with your evening mental banquet graced,
Has faithful still his humble orbit traced.
Blest with your bounty ere he well begun,
His daily curcuit he has cheerful run;
Nor changes now, but to renew the year,
And meet the sunshine of your favour here.
Patrons, fair Freedom saw her children blest
With virtue, peace, security and rest;
Her foes reduced in numbers, means and power,
While notes of pleasure vocalized h^r bower,
From Plenty's horn rich fruits adorn 'd her plain,
Where Agriculture led her smiling train;
The Arts, supported by Industry's hand,
Their various blessings scattered o'er the land;
And daring Commerce, mid her injuries bold,
Reclined on Luxury's lap, bedeck'd with gold.

Occasional. WOODWORTH'S. 159
A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
She saw, and smiled. But though her foe, subdued,
In adamantine fetters pov/erless stood,
Yet, as he breathed his mad envenomed ire,
While his fierce eye-balls shot malignant fire,
An " unclean spirit" on the vapour rode,
(As Satan rose from hell's accurst abode)
Its form, disgusting to the loathing view,
The goddess saw, and Faction- s demon knew;
On his horn'd head a horrid helm he wore,
With dragon-crest, and < Schism7 stampt before,
Two writhing serpents his cadueceus twined,
With forked tongues, and scaly trails behind;
His skinny pinions sable fibres framed,
And round his form a sulphurous vapour flamed.
The fiend advanced, conceal' d from mortal view,
Though Freedom saw, and well his errand knew;
Well knew his power, his will, and subtle wiles,
Might lure the unsuspecting to his toils;
And, with a sigh, beheld his venom'd breath
Taint her pure air with pestilence and death;
The baneful gas, unconsciously inspired,
Her sons with restless disaffection fired;
While through their ranks the spreading mania run,
.The goddess wept, and thought her cause undone.
At this dread crisis, pitying Pallas came,
To save the mourner, and protect her fame;

A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
A burnish'd mail and nodding plume she wore,
And " The Columbian" was the shield she bore;
Form'd, like the fabled vEgis, to oppose
And blunt the arrows of a host of foes.
Faction in vain opposed his threatening fate;
The ransomed victims of the demon's hate,
Restored to reason, rallied round the shield,
And disaffection hastened from the field.

Patrons, excuse this allegoric strain,
Nor think your carrier arrogant or vain;
Proud of his task, renewing with the year,
He knows the subject worthy of your ear;
Else why encouraged by your liberal aid,
Or why the carrier by its patrons paid?
The blooming plant your patronage sustains,
Must sure be worthy of his humble strains.
Since the " Columbian," by your favour reard.
In Freedom's cause her champion first appeared,
What various dainties have its columns graced,
In rich profusion for the board of taste!
The hungry quidnunc, found the ready dish,
The politician, all his heart could wish;
The moralist, supplied with counsel sage,; „
The scholar, treasures from the classic page:

Occasional. WOOD WORTH'S.

A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
Historians, faithful sketches of the times,
And Virtuosi, food from distant climes;
Commerce and Arts obtain'd a journal here,
To mark their progress through the prosperous year;
And Agriculture saw her labours crown'd,
Improved by hints which here a record found;
Here Humours friends have seen the lash applied,
By Satire's hand, to folly, vice and pride;
The Muses' votaries, too, might here admire,
The tuneful warblings of a western lyre;
And lovers read and bless the happy pair
In Hymen's list, and wish their signets there;
While Fate's black catalogue this lesson taught,
That joy is transient — human pleasure short.
Patrons, permit your carrier here to name
The worthiest champions which the cause can claim,
Whose fertile genius has enrich'd our sheet,
In columns breathing patriotic heat;
Whose fruitful talents you have most admired,
While with their glowing sentiments inspired.
First, manly Stark appeared upon the field
The teeming quill in Freedom's cause to wield;
Whose patriot fervor swell'd the breathing page,
Commanding plaudits from the listening age.
Next in the list, ingenious Rattle rose,
To scourge apostates, and their crimes expose;

A ]\Tews-C<.t'ric.i's Address, for January 1, 1811.
Whose humorous pen portrayed luxuriant thought.
Nor secure! to scan the moral which it taught.
Franklin attended in the veteran train,
His thoughts the abstract of a patriot's brain;
And BunherhiU, whose fervid numbers swell'd
As when his thunders Freedom's foes repell'd:
While ever and anon, each pause between,
The gentle Laura breathed a strain serene.
Cato, again, the worth of freedom showed;
Timolien's thoughts in easy periods flowed;
And Juvenis with serious Mercer join'd,
To paint the blackness of a traitor's mind.
Junius described corrupted Albion's state;
Green bade us shun the Dane's unhappy fate;
While junior Adams, with a critic's lore,
To shreds a pompous declamation tore.
Norfolciencis, next enrich'd the page,
With style unrivall'd, erudite and sage;
And, in the life of British Windham, taught
To hate the wretch whom regal gold had bought.
Humanitus, in gentle pity's cause,
Condemn'd the errors of oppressive laws;
And feeling Howard still the theme prolongs,
And ably paints the captive debtor's wrongs.
Gay Rigmarole, with humour, all his own,
With dexterous hand has satire's weapon thrown;

Occasional. WOOD WORTH'S. 163
A News-Carrier's Ad'.liess. for January 1, 1811.

And while with justice all admire his art,
Law-makers wince, and tingle with the smart.
Philanthrope, to start a livelier game,
At modern female-fashion took his aim;
While hundreds round him from their ambush spring,
As folly flies, to shoot her on the wing.
Meantime a Hamlet and a Tliespis' wage
Unequal war with a degenerate stage;
Endeavouring still to call true merit forth,
And place the chaplet on the brow of worth.
To these be added, not the least in fame,
Columns of treasure which the muse might name,
Pregnant with genius, energy and truth,
Of age the wisdom, and the fire of youth:
The muse of Selim was not wooed in vain;
