title: New- Year Address (part 2 of 2)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 142
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

A lovely minstrel echoed back the strain,
Whose tuneful numbers melted on the ear.
And who, but wish'd Zoraydcfs lyre to hear?
" The Rallying Point" a fertile pen displayed,
With Wisdom's form in Humour's garb array 7d,
And Hosack's garden oft has furnish'd, too,
Some fragrant flowers of no inferior hue.
'' The Diarrhodon" you have heard expose
The latent beauties of a modern Rose,
And smiled to see the lively writer roast
The doughty champion of the Morning Post.

WOOD WORTH'S. Local and

A News-Carrier's Address, for.'anuary I, 1811.
Through the Columbian you were first infornrd,
O'er bleeding Spain, what martial myriads swarai'd,
While Gallia's banner, bathed in human gore,
Floated unfurl'd along the sanguine shore.
How Wellington his thunders hurl'd on France,
Announcing still a retrograde advance;
Till the poor Frenchmen, hemmM by foes and bog,
Starved in their ranks for want of soup and frog;
How Bona changed the partner of his bed,
And with the sweetest flower of Austria wed;
While his ex-empress, with submissive grace,
Retired to give the lovely stranger place.
How Francis Burdett braved despotic power,
While tyranny condemned him to the tower;
How Cobbett's pen incensed the foes of truth,
Who fed the viper till they felt his tooth.
Indignant, here the tale you have perused
Of Freedom's flag a second time abused,
When the Moselle, beneath our eagle's eye,
Dared bid her thunders on the Vixen fly.
While the great combat of election reign'd,
The right of suffrage here you saw maintained;
Till heaven-born truth, which vice in vain assails,
Bid twice three thousand freemen turn the scales.
Through the Columbian, too, you might admire,
What literary minds to fame aspire.

Occasional. WOODWORTH'S. 165
A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
What fruits of genius spring from Freedom's soil,
And what rewards attend their ardent toil.
Nor is our state, upon the list of fame,
In literature the least or humblest vname.
Spaford pursues a bold and ardent course,
With pen and talents not suppass'd by Morse;
M'Creery bids the harp of Erin breathe,
And round his temples binds the verdant wreath;
And Woody with philosophic reasoning shows
From what mysterious cause the ocean flows.
Immortal Fraser's wondei -working quill
Can every breast with admiration fill;
With laurels crown 'd, 'the sweet dramatic muse,
A second Shakspear in her T\tinshul views,
Whose lofty lyre, disdaining meaner notes,
Paints to the life a — " Bard in petticoats."
Searson and Grotecloss, with magic lays,
To rapture's tone the cords of feeling raise;
Fair Ripley too, at sinners shakes the head,
Seizes her pen, and writes the rascals dead.
Invention's progress, too, has here been traced,
And all improvements that our clime have graced.
Ingenius Hall, with true mechanic lore,
Has taught an augur without hands to bore;
While Morneveck the higher merit claims
To guard our roofs from desolating flames;

A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
Harlem disdain'd the magnet's varying power.
And made the plane which marks the changing hour,
Its use supply — while the inventive Day
Bestowed new powers on Winter's gliding sleigh.
But most might you admire the wonderous power.
That knits a pair of stockings in an hour;
And shrewdly think, as you these wonders read,
That life will shortly no exertions need —
That some invention, o'er the whole to leap,
Will make us food, and feed us while we sleep.
Patrons, how anxious have you told the clock,
Waiting impatient for your carrier's knock!
Eager to seize this " map of husy life,"
" Its fluctuations,'"7 harmonies, and strife;
To sit at ease, surveying, as it turns
Beneath your view, " the globe and its concerns;?J
Thus " through the loop-holes of retreat" to scan
The busy scene and all the works of man.
The well-known-welcome signal sounds at last,
^ Now stir the fire and close the shutters fast,
Let down the curtains, wheel the sofa round,"
The sheet is open, and the column found:
" The grand debate" now meets your eager eye,
" The popular harangue, the tart reply,
The logic, and the wisdom, and the wit,"
The agile parry and the dexterous hit:

Occasional. WOODWORTH'S.

A News-Carrier's Address, to; JuiMinry I, 1811.
The pestilence, which human science mocks,
li Houses in ashes, and the fall of stocks.
Births, deaths and marriages,77 marine events,,
Ships spoke, arrived, or just departing hence.
Soft eloquence here lubricates the page,
There " cataracts of declamation'"' rage;
While columns more the ins and outs expose,
" With many descants on a nation's woes.77
Nor stop you here, for next, before your eyes,
" Forests of strange but gay confusion'7 rise:
Rare sales at Auction — Fashions just come o7er;
Comoglio's concert — Waiters true lucky store;
Cooke's benefit — foot, horse, or water race;
Vrrarne7s Register — Wet Nurses out of place;
Diseases cured — Houses to sell or let;
" Whereas a libel"—" Ran away in debt;"
Museums, sermons, celebration feasts,
Phantasmagories, strange and monstrous beasts.
In short one line the catalogue completes —
i Heaven earth and ocean, plundered of their sweets.7
With all these various dainties here displayed
Have you been furnish'd'by your carriers aid;
Besides a numerous catalogue of tales,
Home-manufactured, or received by mails;
Of shipwrecks, murders, hurricanes and rains,
Of mountain-torrents deluging our plains;

A News-Carrier's Address, for January 1, 1811.
Of men who brave eternity's dread brink,
And drinking die, and even when dying drink;
And one, whom death had vanquished in the strife,
By drinking brandy soon restored to life;
Of suicides, and accidents, and fires,
And all, in short, curiosity requires.

Since such your carrier's service, sure he may
His patrons greet without offence to-day;
May wish them every happiness on earth,
Obtained by wealth, or merited by worth.
He will not boast of toils he may sustain,
Through heat and cold, in tempests, snows, or rain;
He will not. plead his poverty, nor tell,
That, faithful to his trust, he served you" well;
But, while the sycophantic suppliant starves,
He, independent as the press he serves,
To facts self-evident directs your view,
And modestly refers the rest to you.

Occasional. WOODWORTH'S.
