title: Second Lesson of Love
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 41
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

" My love is another's, who loves me in turn;
" Accept my esteem — it is all I can offer,
" The flame of affection for Mary must burn.
Ci Then cease, lovely girl, to exhibit those graces,
" Nor tempt me from constancy, honour and truth;
" For I never will yield to love's hallowed embraces,
" Till the arms of my Mary receive her fond youth.
(* I pity the sorrow that "waits tliee at parting,
" And which, for a season, may rob thee of rest;
" But time will soon sooth the sad heart I leave smarting,
" And the sweet dove of peace shall revisit her nest.
" You tell me my glances have nourished your passion,
" And gilded with hope the sweet prospect of bliss;
" Dear artless enchantress! untutord by fashion!
" Your beauty demanded a homage like this.
" Had I known you ere this constant heart was my Mary's
" It might have been Julia's, and both have been blest;
" But now 'tis too late, for if ever it varies,
^ May my image for ever be banish'd her breast."

Occasional. WOODWORTH'S.

The Second Lesson of Love — a Baatelle.

'"Twas thus to fair Julia I modestly pleaded,
Nor dared meet the glance of her love-beaming eye;
Pcrplex'd by the subject, my tongue was impeded,
And I sat sunk in silence, till roused by her sigh.
Then our eyes met by instinct — but, ah! the transgression
My Mary for ever is doom'd to deplore!
For, Oh! such a sweet and bewitching expression,
Ne'er beam'd from the face of a mortal before.
I flew to her arms, with this fond exclamation,
" Dear Julia! I'm thine! and we never will part!
'•' But explain, my sweet angel! this new fascination,
" Say, whence this new charm that has vanquished my heart?»
She replied, with a smile that enraptured my bosom,
" The charms which you now irresistible own,
" Are the gift of DESBORUS, whose magic renews?em,
" His art can create and preserve them alone.7'
Protect, then, this artist, ye beaux,?tis your duty;
Ye belles, let DESBORUS your patronage prove;
"Tis his to new polish the armour of beauty,
The ringlets he weaves are the meshes of love.
