title: Cupid's Lamentation
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 43
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

On the banks of the Hudson, enamell'd with flowers,
Fair Venus reclined in a myrtle alcove;
Her doves were unyoked, and the wild-woven bowers
Were vocal with strains to the goddess of love:
When soaring on high o'er the city's gay throng,
Her son met her view, who approach'd her retreat;
On gossamer pinion he floated along,
And alighted mid roses that bloom'd at her feet.
<: O Cupid! (she cried) what occasions this grief?
" And where is thy quiver, thy bow, and thy darts?"
u All gone, dear mama! O a sad wicked thief
" Has ruin'd thy son" — sobb'd the ruler of hearts.
u I left you, but lately, to sport in the town,
" Where, mother, you promised me plenty of game,;
" But though many I started, not one I run down,
" And Hymen, for me, may extinguish his flame.
" I peep'd in a shop, where a form met my view
66 Whose beauty surpassed that of mortals by far.5
'•' So lovely, so fair, that I thought it was you,
ef And entered to kiss and salute my mama.

176 WOODWORTH'S. Local anil
Cupid's Lamentation — a Bagatelle.
" But an impudent mortal, who played with her hair,
" Which wanton" d in ringlets on forehead of snow;
" One lovely lock opened, and slyly hid there
" My ruby-tipp'd arrows and dear little bow.
" In vain I implored — he saw my tears flow,
" And tauntingly told me my prowess was o'er,
" When who should appear, but a gay little beau,
" Whom often in vain I had shot at before.
"The moment his eye met a glance of the fair,
" His bosom beat quickly with rapturous bound,
•' When one of my arrows flew swift from her hair,
" And entered that breast which I never could wound.
"' Thus, thus, my dear mother, we both are undone,
i( For mortals no more will solicit our care,
" This thief gives each ringlet, the power of your son,
" And his art makes a Venus of each earthly fair."
" Where lives the usurper?" with anger she cried,
" Who dares on a mortal my beauties display?"
" In yonder great city" — the urchin replied —
" His name they call Huggins, he lives in Broadway."'

Occasional. WOOD WORTH'S. 177
