title: The Whiskers
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 105
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

The kings, who rule mankind with haughty sway,
The prouder Pope whom even kings obey —
Love, at whose shrine both popes and monarchs fall.
And e'en self-interest, that controls them all —
Possess a petty power, when all combined,
Compared with Fashion's influence on mankind;
For Love itself will oft to Fashion bow,
The following story will comince you how:
A Petit Maitre wooed a fair,
Of virtue, wealth, and graces rare;
But vainly had preferr'd his claim,
The maiden own'd no answering flame;

The V\hiskers— a Tal<

At length, by doubt and anguish torn,
Suspense, too painful to be borne,
Low at her feet he humbly kneel'd,
And thus his ardent flame reveafd:
" Pity my grief, angelic fair,
Behold my anguish and despair;
For you this heart must ever burn —
O bless me with a kind return;
My love no language can express,
Reward it then with happiness;
Nothing on earth but you I prize,
All else is trifling in my eyes;
And cheerfully would I resign
The wealth of worlds, to call you mine.
But, if another gain your hand,
Far distant from my native land,
Far hence, from you and hope, I'll fly,
And in some foreign region die."
The virgin heard, and thus replied:
"If my consent to be your bride,
Will make you happy, then be blest,
But grant me first one small request;
A sacrifice I must demand,
And in return will give my hand."
" A sacrifice! O speak its name,
For you Fd forfeit wealth and fame;

The Whiskers— a Tale.
Take my whole fortune — every cent—"
" 'Twas something more than wealth I meant/'
" Must I the realms of Neptune trace?
O speak the word — where'er the place,
For you, the idol of my soul,
I'd e?en explore the frozen pole;
Arabia's sandy deserts tread,
Or trace the Tigris to its head."
" O no; dear sir, I do not ask
So long a voyage, so hard a task;
You must — but ah! the boon I want,
I have no hope that you will grant."
" Shall I, like Bonaparte, aspire
To be the world's imperial sire?
Express the wish, and here I vow,
To place a crown upon your brow."
•" Sir, these are trifles" — she replied—-
" But if you wish me for your bride,
You must — but still I fear to speak —
You'll never grant the boon I seek."
" O say!" he cried — " dear angeLsay —
What I must do, and I obey;
No longer rack me with suspense,
Speak your commands, and send me hence."

Comic. WOOD WORTH'S.

The Whiskers— a Tale.

" Well, then, dear generous youth!" she cries.
'•' If thus my heart you really prize,
And wish to link your fate with mine,
On one condition I am thine;
"Twill then become my pleasing duty,
To contemplate a husband's beauty;
And gazing on his manly face,
His feelings and his wishes trace;
To banish thence each mark of care,
And light a smile of pleasure there.
O let me then, 'tis all I ask,
Commence at once the pleasing task;
O let me, (as becomes my place)
Cut those huge whiskers from your face."
She said — but O, what strange surprise
Was pictured in her lover's eyes!
Like lightning from the ground he sprung,
While wild amazement tied his tongue;
A statue, motionless, he gazed,
Astonish'd, horror-struck, amazed.
So look'd the gallant Perseus, when
Medusa's visage met his ken;
So look'd Macbeth, whose guilty eye
Discern'd an " air-drawn dagger" nigh;
And so the prince of Denmark stared,
When first his father's ghost appeared.

The Inexperienced Barber — a Tale.
At length our hero silence broke,
And thus in wildest accents spoke:
"Cut off my whiskers! O ye gods!
I'd sooner lose my ears, by odds;
Madam, I'd not be so disgraced,
So lost to fashion and to taste,
To win an empress to my arms,
Though blest with more than mortal charms.
My whiskers! Zounds!" He said no more,
But quick retreated thro' the door,
And sought a less obdurate fair,
To take the beau with all his hair.
