title: Quarter-Day (part 1 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

W HILE sylvan bards awake the tuneful strain
Responsive to the murmur of some rill
Meandering slow along the rushy dale;
Or, deep embosom M in the sweet recess
Of fragrant bower, by feathered choir made vocal,;
Chant, to the flow'r-deck'd lyre, a hackney 7d theme,
The sweets of MAY in vernal beauties dight;
Mine be the task, in city garret pent,
Stunn'd by the tuneless serenade of wheels,
O'er pavements rolling, dissonant and harsh, 10
To sing of MAY arrayed in HORROR'S garb
Terrific. MAY THE FIRST, call'd QUARTER-DAY,
That period of suspense, of fear, despair,
And each ungracious feeling that annoys:

138 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
That temporal day of judgment, when unhoused 15
And trembling mortals, at the awful bar
Of merciless landlords, render their accounts,
And lenity implore, too oft, in vain.
Come, Heaven-born Sympathy, still prompt to give
A tear to grief, or lend a smile to joy, 20
Be thou my muse; inspire my feeble verse
In thy behalf; O teach the bard to fill
With glowing hues the outlines here portray'd,
And give a faithful picture of the scene.
Hold thou the palet, Truth shall guide his hand, 25
To trace the horrors of that dreadful day,
When this proud city, with commotion filFd,
Presents a scene of tumult, noise, and strife,
With which compared, old Babel's lofty tower
Was Orders temple and the shrine of peace. SO
That day, to Poverty so full of wo,
And which the bard, her chosen son, despairs
To meet prepared, unless his song should win
The golden charm to strip it of its frowns.
Such be the untried theme, for whichj now 35
Loose from its.wooden peg my dusty harp,
By cobwebs long enshrined, disused, untuned;
But if the jarring wire can yield a sound
That only tastes of melody^ 'O deign.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Ye friends of song, to listen to my lay, 40
Which boasts, at least, virginity and truth.
And thou, in whom unrivall'd talents draw
From virtue dignity; whose private worth
And public fame have calPd thee, by the voice
Of patriot freemen, guardians of the state, 45'
To fill the chair of Justice, and become
The watchful father of a city's weal —
O listen to my humble song. The muse
Aspires to court thy patronage and favor;
Not for the pride of birth, or vain parade 50
Of pompous heraldry, which FREEMEN leave
The boast of liveried slaves; her reverence springs
From love of virtues which ennoble thee
Beyond an emperor's gift; but more than all
For that unfeign'd benevolence of heart 55
Which oft has screened from fell Oppression's power
The wretch unfortunate, by landlord stripp'd
Of all the goods domestic wants require;
That sympathy which dries the widow's tear,
Protects the orphan, and forever sheds 60
A cloudless lustre on the name of CLINTON.

While yet Aquarius, from his ponderous jar,
With liberal hand, on Winter's frosty shrine,
His gelid offering pours, libations rude

190 WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
Of noxious vapours, sleet, and hail, and rain; 65
While yet the town in desolation lies,
The streets delightless, save the tuneful hum
Of tinkling sleigh-bells; and while yet the clock
Of annual tenure strikes three quarters past,
With " dreadful note of preparation," now, TO
E'en now the scene commences. Prompt to call,
The landlord, with prelusive tale of loss
By fire, or worthless tenants, shows his bill,
Throwing a glance expressive round the room,
Which says, as plain as miser's eyes can speak, 75
" My money or your goods." This pittance paid,
If happily within the tenant's power,
This ghost appears no more till the great day
Which comes anon. Meantime the anxious search
For tenements begins; for rents increase, 80
And half our population, or for that,
Or business, or for fashion, must remove,
And with bright May begin another year.
7Tis the strange mania that disclaims a cure,
Though its impolicy great Franklin urged, 85
And sad experience demonstrate the fact.
Now on the posts and lintels of our doors
Appear the mystic scrolls, uncouthly traced,
Putting to blush orthography and sense;
But plain enough to let the passer know 90
Their vast import — " a house, or rooms to let."

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
At this inclement season, ye who share
A tenfold portion of terrestrial wealth,
Who boast the face and image of a God,
O strive in temper to be like him too, 93
And purchase stock in Heaven's eternal funds.
Cherish sweet pity in your manly breasts
For all Misfortune's hapless race, and be
The guardians, not the tyrants of the poor.
O I have seen such curs'd oppressive acts, 100
Such merciless deeds of cruelty, enforced
By griping Landlords, despots of an hour,.
As would with blushes light a demon's cheek,
And to a seraph's call the pitying tear.
And all for what? A drop of ocean lost! 10£>
The wretched pittance of a quarter's rent!
(The pauper's shelter cannot cost him much)
A few poor pounds, which, added to the heap
Of yellow dirt the mole is Heaving up,
Were scarce perceived — by poverty withheld, llO
Is crime enough to doom the shivering wretch
With wife and children — (what augmented pangs!)
To brave, unhoused, the less remorseless storm;
Or else, entomb'd within a prison's walls,
Endure the anguish of a " living death!" 11;
Inhuman tyrants! Vassals of your lusts!
Idolaters, who worship Aaron's calf!
Allow the sufferer time, and you may win

192 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
The golden god without such sacrifice,
The immolation of your fellow-man! 120
Give him, at least, the chance you would a deer,
A generous start, and when he stands at bay,
'Tis time enough to slip the dogs of death,
And glut your Nero-appetites with blood.
In ORMOND'S garret, near proud Hudson's stream,
Resided once a fond contented pair: 126
The youthful EDWIN, just in wedlock join'd
To the dear object of his boyish love,
The fair AMELIA. Though their humble hopes
Were bounded by necessity's demand, 130
They were but barely realized; and Want
Would sometimes knock, but never dared intrude.
Yet still industry, by affection urged,
With frugal management, and sprightly health,
Secured them comfort ai*d domestic peace; 135
Each homely meal receiving higher zest,
From being earn'd before it was enjoy 'd.
One year roll'd round, and in their favour left
A trifling balance, after all demands
Were satisfied with scrupulous exactness. 140
Sacred treasure! for one fonfl event
