title: Quarter-Day (part 2 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 140
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Now hastening on, the consecrated boon
Was joyfully reserved; while smiling hope
Lent double vigour to the daily task

Descriptive-. WOOD WORTH'S. 193
Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Which fed the pair, and saved the little fund. 145
But, ah! relentless fate had woes in store
Unmerited by virtue such as theirs.
The tender moment, destined to complete
Their little plan of happiness, arrived;
But only came to blast their fondest hopes. 150
The poor AMELIA, after nameless pangs,
That push'd her to the precipice of fate,
And left her trembling on its dizzy verge,
Ushered to light, but not to life, a babe.
EDWIN, distracted, o'er the sufferer hung, 15.~v
As though his loved AMELIA'S wasting life
Was with the web of his existence wove.
Night after night, and day succeeding day,
His eyes estranged from sleep, his frame from rest,
He watch 'd her fading form, and by her couch, l6()
Entranced in speechless agony, remained.
Doctors and nurses, nostrums, fuel, food,
And all the nameless calls of sickness, soon
Exhausted EDWIN'S little frugal store,
And nought but want, disease, and deep despair, l6j>
Remain'd the inmates of his drear abode.
The few utensils of domestic use
Their humble means afforded, one by one,
Had found their way to grace a broker's stall,
Till the poor couch on which AMELIA lay, l~0
(The scene of all his joys and all his woes)

WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Alone remained of EDWIN'S worldly wealth.
'Twas at this crisis, while the husband stood,
Absorb'd in grief, beside the senseless fair,
His landlord entered. ORMOND, who could count 175
The annual tribute of an hundred rents;
ORMOND, whose coffers groaivd with their contents,
Came to demand the recent quarter's due!
The heart-broke mourner raised his humid eyes
And threw them round the desolated room, 180
Then pointing to the melancholy bed
Bade savage ORMOND view his little all.
"Ha ! swindling wretch ! (the human monster cried)
Your goods embezzled, and myself unpaid!
Thus every year some cursed loss like this 185
Have I to meet: but you shall not escape."
" Forbear, (cries Edwin) and respect my grief!
This scene is sacred to despair and silence.
Let me but catch AMELIA'S parting breath,
Close her dear eyes, and give a farewel kiss, 193
Then, wretch! dispose of EDWIN as you please."
" What little your dishonesty has left,
ORMOND replies, this moment shall secure;
Your bed is mine!?? A marshal, at his beck,
Entered the room, and both approach'd the couch. 195
EDWIN, whose spirit sorrow had subdued,
Entreated, prayed, and on his knees implored.
A little respite — but, alas! in vain!

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 195
Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
With savage coolness, they commenced the task —
AMELIA, writhing in the pangs of death,
They placed, ungently, on the cheerless floor,
Secured their prey, and saw the sufferer die!
Nor ye, who startle at such fiend-like deeds,
With undissembled horror, think I paint
A fancy-piece; for this was drawn from life — 205
The wretch still lives to curse his fellow-men.
Nor vainly think such Nero-spirits few,
Wrhile thousands pine beneath their despot sway.
Ask the poor widow whom a merciless wretch
Doom'd to the horrors of a grated cell, 210
Her grief unheeded, and her infant train
Deprived the comfort of a mother's care.
A circling year has scarcely rolFd its round
Since BURGER'S wrongs were made the public theme.

196 WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
And found, in public sympathy, redress. 215
Attend a sheriff's sale; the savage rites
Qf Plutus7 worship, on whose golden shrine
The little worldly comforts of the poor,
Without compunction, still are sacrificed,
.Fattening his priests at honesty's expense! 220
See that fond mother striving to redeem
A little trinket, worth the world to her,
The death-bed token of a darling son.
But, ah! she strives in vain — for prayers and tears
Are all she has to give; and what are these 225
To sordid souls who worship wealth alone!
The hammer falls, and 7tis for ever gone.
What, but this spirit, doom'd the feeling HOWARD
For sixteen years to languish in a jail, 230

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. IQJ
Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Whose only crime, to give its blackest name,
Was that of being poor! A sad offence!
The judge who dooms a felon to his fate,
Softens his sentence with the tones of pity;
And Justice, while she strikes the fated blow, 235
From her stern eye emits the truant tear;
But the poor debtor hears not Pity's voice,
Beholds no falling sympathetic tear!
His sentence is his adversary's will,
His jury, Malice, Hate, and black Revenge; 240
And while these triumph o'er the falling wretch,
Insulted Justice, blushing, drops her scales.

WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive,

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Howard was blest with youth, and health, and all
That could impart a charm to human life;
A faithful partner, and a smiling boy, 245
Between them shared a heart replete with love.
But, ah! too generous for his humble means,
To save his friend, he lost, alas! himself;
And here, on Freedom's consecrated soil,
The exile's refuge and the wanderer's home, 250
Vias robb'd at once of Freedom, home, and all,
And buried in the horrors of a jail!
Struck to the soul, his wife, his dearer self,
Broken with grief, the victim of despair,
Languish'd awhile and found relief in death. 255*
Her infant shortly shared her mother's fate,
Leaving the father, husband, whelm'd in wo,
Alone and friendless, without even Hope
To dart a ray of comfort through his cell;
Bereaved of freedom, consort, child, and friends, 260
245//1 I. A faitl tf ill partner and a smiling hoy.
" When I entered the walls of this terrible jail, in which, amid the
rattling of chains, I am now writing this little impertinent story of my-
jelf, I was younp:, in good health, blest with a wife whom I adored,
arid a? fine a boy as ever smiled in the face of a father. The boy is
dead — and my wife is no more. She was indeed a mo?t excellent wo
man, but she was wounded to the soul by the horrors of our situation —
her spirit was broken down, and she, with the infant that caused hen
Mchness, died in child-bed in jaii, shortly after irvy imprisonment, in
the year 1794," Howard.
