title: Quarter-Day (part 3 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 199
Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
To gratify a miser's sordid spleen!
The tardy years rolPd on their cheerless round,
Whitening a head by sorrows thus depressed,
And bending youth beneath decrepit age;
Till the fourth part of life's allotted span 265
The suffering wretch in slavery had told!
•Twas this same fiend-like spirit, too, that sunk
Unhappy BROWN to an untimely grave;

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S.

202 WOODWORTITS. Descriptive.
Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
When meek-eyed Pity moved the generous band
To range our city, searching for distress, 280
Bidding the widow's cheerless hearth to blaze,
And driving cold and hunger from her door,
How looked — how felt these hard obdurate fiends?

WOODWORTH'S. i>cscjiptiv

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S.

Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
By managers, to one or both of whom 29.">
All must submit — Necessity and Whim*
'Tis expectation all — the curtain soon
Will rise upon a busy, noisy scene,
Such as, perhaps, old Goshen once displayed,
When Egypt's house of bondage Israel left,* 300
(Hard-hearted PHARAOH was their landlord then)
And every family, at once, removed.

206 WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
But first, while yet the anxious tenant counts
His landlord's claim, at twelve to-morrow due;
Or of his wealthier friends, a part from each,
Attempts to borrow, to secure his stuff;
The busy matron and her daughters ply,
With peevish fretfulness, their annual task.
Down come the bedsteads, tumbled in the yard,
Where hot ablutions drive their tenants out,
And take their lives for rent. The mirrors next,
And all the pictures, with their dusty frames,
Are loosened from the wall to grace the floor,
Now thickly strew'd with broken glasses round,
Baskets of crockery, tables, stands, and chairs,
And all the nameless lumber conjured forth,
Of garret, cellar, pantry, and the rest.
The night in which pale APRIL yields to MAY,
How few enjoy repose! The country lass,
Intent upon the morning walk, with him
Who holds her gentle heart, on various plans,
In hopeful cogitations, spends the night —
What hat, or ribbon, will become her best,
What most will tend to make herself outvie
The blushing, fragrant month they rise to hail.
O, by my soul! this MAYING has delights
Which I shall ne'er forget, while memory holds
Her seat within my brain. In youth's fair dawn,

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
I forward look'd to this delightful hour
With feelings — feelings none can paint; for then, 330
Some gentle, artless, unaffected nymph,
Was sure to be the partner of my walk,
Accept my nosegays, (sweetened by her breath)
And, without chiding, let me steal a kiss
From lips more fragrant than the rose she held. 335
Season of love, and innocent delight,
Where NATURE reigns the mistress of the scene,
Farewell! Imprisoned in the cell of ART,
Stifled with dust, and stunn'd with ceaseless noise,
Through the rough grates I can but take a peep, 340
And sigh a sad adieu! To-morrow's sun
Returns once more THE DAY — but how returns?
Not with the bliss that country swains enjoy —
No tender thoughts will make me watch to-night,
And yet, alas! I shall not taste of rest! 345
My LANDLORD is the master of my fate;
And who can tell if next meridian sun
Will not behold me dispossess'd of all
The humble stock of worldly wealth I own?
My wife and boy may — that's digression though — 350
Are there not thousands, too, who feel like me,
And tremble at the near approach of MAY?
Not for their sins — but for the power of those
Whom wealth and accident have made their lords.

208 W'OODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
Nor suffers MAN alone — the humbler brute 355
Shares in " the horrors of thejirst of May:"
Where COMMERCE (now diseas'd) once glow'd in health,
Rattling o"er pavements with her hundred wheels,
Near the Tontine — rtis dangerous to pass,
On any morning, save " the Jirst of May." S60
There, waiting for employ, a hardy train
Stand by their carts, which block the passage up,
Eager to start their lean uncurried beasts,
With any burden, for a trifling fee.
Not so to-day — the piers and slips are clear'd, 365
And every cartman busy: double fees,
Back'd by entreaties, too, are sometimes vain;
And, like knight-errants, you may be condemned
To watch, all night, your arms, and household stuff;
357th I. Where Commerce, now diseased, &c.
The embarrassments under which American commerce laboured,
for some time previous to the late war with Great Britain, are well
remembered. — Publishers1 Note.
368th I. And, like knight-errant, &c.
This line alludes to the ancient custom of watching armour in
church or chapel, which was a religious duty imposed upon knights,
in the age of chivalry, when they used to consume the whole night in
prayer to some saint whom they chose as their patron; and this ex
ercise of devotion was performed on the night preceding the said
Sainfs Day. The same ceremony was observed by those who were
sentenced to the combat proof.

Descriptive, WOOD WORTH'S.

Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the First of May.
While some more lucky tenant holds the place 370
From which you vainly strove to be removed.
There is a sport, well known in country towns,
Yclep'd " The Toilet," which I've often join'd
At milk-maids' parties — where the humour lies
In having chairs enough for all but one, 37^>
Who takes the middle of the happy ring,
Unseated; till, the signal given, all
Must change their places 5 who obtains no seat,
Incurs a forfeit, and the centre takes,
To give the signal for another change. 380
Such is the game our city represents
" Thejirst of May" — for each must change his place,
Uncertain if he get a seat or no.
The curtain rises, and the play begins —
Here at the corner, screened by oaken post, 385
The muse shall take her stand, and view the scene.
At every door, behold the ready cart
Receive its cumbrous load 5 the horse throws round
A glance of meek compassion, which to me
Speaks in a language, plain as brutes can speak, 390
" What a poor fool is man!" His driver swears,
Wives scold, dogs bark, cats mew, and children cry,
Pots break, chairs crack, pans ring, and jarring notes
Of harshest discord rise on every side.
