title: Quarter-Day (part 4 of 4)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 109
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

2- 10 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive
Quarter-Day— or the Horrors of the. First of May.
There goes a matron with her looking-glass, 395
A legacy from mother to her child
For several generations, and shell trust
None to remove it but her careful self.
But. better had she stow?d it on the car
Where all her baggage rides; for fate has doom'd, 400
(By sudden contact with a porter's load)
To dash the sacred treasure from her hand
On the unchristian pavements, where she views
Her scattered hopes in rude disorder spread,
Reflecting houses, passengers, and skies. 405
Here a full barrow, piled with feather-beds,
Puslrd by a sturdy porter, runs you down,
Ere you can shun the danger; yonder goes
The sweating bearer of a precious load,
Baskets of china-ware, and sweetmeat jars, 410
And the cold relics* of some late repast.
And here, a lumbering cart moves slowly on
Piled high with bureaus, bedsteads, tables, desks,
Chairs, cradle, rubbish, wash-tubs, kettles, pots,
Old empty barrels, benches, trammels, pans, 415
The fire utensils, carpet-rags, old books,
And musty pamphlets, oil jugs, bottles, frames,
Mats, brooms, Dutch-ovens, gridirons, griddles, jacks,
Trunks, piggins, toasters, pickle-pots, and all.
'Tis bustle, tumult, noise, and sore dismay 420
Throughout the city; sleepless was the night.

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 211
Quarter-Day — or tlv Honors ot' the f irst of May.
And foodless is the day, for all must fast!
On every face is seen an anxious gloom,
From him who owns a half a dozen blocks,
Down to the humblest tenant of the least; 425
And e'en my favourite dog, with terror struck,
Gazes askance upon the troubled scene,
And sneaks to some lone corner for repose.
Who then is happy on the " First of May,"
In this famed city? Not the purse-proud wretch 430
AVho trembles for his rents, and dooms the poor
To sink in deeper wants to feed his lusts:
Nor yet the poor, unless their virtues rise
Above the common grade; and least of all
The poor seduced, mistaken slaves of vice, 435
Who barter chastity and health for gold.
They, too, remove, to-day; but 'tis to change
The scene of guilt and shame, be more oppress'd
By their new tyrants, and perhaps condemn "d
To sin for wages which these tyrants share I 440
O may there soon a fabric rise for such,
A calm retreat from a censorious world,
Where sin's repenting daughters may retire,
And find forgiving rnercy! Even now
A chosen few, of elevated souls, 445
Have plamvd the edifice, contrived the scheme,
And only wait assistance from ourselves.

212 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
Quarter- Da}- — or the Horrors of the First of May.
Success attend them, and in lasting fame,
The Magdalen, Society shall live.

Who then is happy? Ere she close the strain,
The muse herself shall answer. 7Tis the man
(Of easy fortune and a generous heart)
Whose charity by wisdom is directed,
Who loves his God, his neighbour, and himself,
In just descending order 5 whose employ
Is doing good to others; whose reward,
The bright reflection of the joy he gives;
Like a mild taper in a diamond lustre,
Which multiplies one little ray to thousands,
His means of blessing still increase by use.
Not all the Horrors of the first of May,
Can shake the solid peace of such a man.
The changing seasons, times, events, and all
The various scenes that chequer human life,
And e'en the chilling adverse storms of fate,
Serve but to ripen the celestial fruits
His active love produces; draughts of bliss
Pie quaffs for every little taste he gives,
And finds a heaven in wishing others there.
To seek for happiness in things of sense,

tve.

441M I. The Magdalen Society shall In
This Society was instituted about the period at which this Poem was
written, and has been attended with considerable success.

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S.

Quarter-Day — or the Horrors of the First of May.
In wealth, ambition, pleasure, or supineness,
Is but a vain exertion — idle hope;
For then we chase a transitory cheat,
And leave the game, the real prize behind,
Hid in contentment's calm sequestered vale, 475
While we toil up the mountain's rugged side,
Tempting new dangers, and exposed to all
The storms that beat ambition's bleaker road;
Or perils worse than these, conceaFd beneath
The treacherous sweets which bloom in pleasure's path,
A thousand serpent-stings, unseen, but fatal. 481
And if in dastard indolence we rest,
Our lazy hopes are certain of defeat.
Then learn the true, the only real source
Whence happiness can flow — a precept drawn 485
From holy writ this heavenly source proclaims —
~; To fear the Lord, and his commands obey,
Is man's whole duty," in a single line;
An easy yoke, a burthen light to bear.
'Tis but to love in heart and action both — 490
For fore is the fulfilling of the law.
