title: The Publishers (part 1 of 5)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

II EVV-HAVEN be my theme — nor mean the name
On the bright tablet of Columbia's fame;
For here did Freedom early cast the yoke,
And felFd the despot with the chains she broke;
Here Literature and Arts have since combined;
To culture nature and enrich the mind;
Here fair Religion meekly lifts her eye,
And gives her votaries realms beyond the sky;
Here moral worth and " Steady Habits'* reign,
While Vice and Folly seek a place in vain I 10
So boasts Report;— but, are her vauntings true r1
Come, virgin Truth, the muse appeals to you;
Bid Justice come, and trace with us the town,
Her balance bring, but throw her sabre down;

218 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
One scale shall hold the praise to merit due, 15
And Satire's quiver keep the balance true;
fe Laugh where we must — be candid where we can,"
Shall be the motto of our humble plan,
While varying objects teach the muse to steer,
" From grave to gay — from lively to severe." 20
'Tis worth and virtue — not the man, we prize —
rTis vice and folly — not the wretch, that dies.
Hail, happy city! — hail, thrice happy state!
Connecticut! supremely wise and great!
Whose constitution cannot yet be broke, %5
Because you wear not such a cumbrous yoke;
Whose laws were framed upon the Jewish mode,
Till you had time to form a better code;

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 219
New-Haven
To which the sky's cerulean tint was given,
A proof sufficient that they came from Heaven. 30
Hail, famed Connecticut! where still we trace
The " steady habits" of your fathers' race;

fid

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 221
New-Haven.
Where Charity conceals each fault she can.
In servile beasts — if not in lordly man;
Where all so strictly do the laws maintain,
That litigation lifts its head in vain;
Where all, in short, is bliss, unknown to vice, 45
Peace, virtue, innocence, and — Paradise f
New-Haven, hail! whose puritanic realm
No flood of heresy can ever whelm;
Whose prisons, gibbet, pillory, or stocks,
(Those crucibles of tenets orthodox) 50
Have often taught the heretic to shun
The fatal course his ancestors had run.

222 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive-
New-Haven.
Hail, happy mistress of a happy state!
With blessings chartered by auspicious Fate;
For whom kind Nature, with a liberal hand, 55
From Copia's horn pours plenty o'er the land.

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 223

New- Haven.

Here rural charms with city beauties join,
Here art and nature every where combine;
The colonnade, the portico, and tower,
Rise on the turf that bears a poplar bower; 60
Beneath the shade here Genius loves to rove,
And think itself in Academus' grove;
Here thoughtful Silence holds her chosen seat,
For here no deafening pavements spoil the street;
A chaise or chariot here are heard no more 65
Than feathers falling on the felted floor;
Here I can write, three stories only high,
In such dead silence I could hear a sigh;
No thundering carriage shakes the angled roof,
Nor steeds affright me with the clashing hoof; 70
No slippery flags the careless step betray,
And crack the skull on every rainy day;
Here, should you fall, you lose no drop of blood,
But safe and soft recline on yielding mud J
Say, Heaven-born Truth! say what police you prize,
Sordid and mean? — or liberal and wise? 76
What city e'er in arts or splendour shone,
Where interest ruled — where wealth was prized alone?
64lh I. For here no deafening pavements, &c.
There is not a paved street in the whole city; and the soil being;
very sandy, the inhabitants are deluged with dust in dry weather, and
xyith mud at all other times.

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 09;,
New-Haven.
Of length enormous, at whose timbered side
A pigmy fleet of oyster-boats may ride
Safe moord in mud) is all that bears the name,
Or to a pier or wharf can kindred claim. 90
Why does not wealth here hid Industry rise,
And from your sisters snatch, or share the prize?
Give the clogg'd channel all its former size,
And deepen docks by bidding piers arise?
So shall fair Commerce o'er your city smile, 95
And weaned passengers lose half their toil,
For 7tis no easy task — to walk a mile.
Why do I view these wooden frames arise?
Does this bespeak your famed police too wise?
Where'er I turn a block of wood appears, 100
Seasoird in sun-beams for successive years;
A fatal spark, on some disastrous nis;ht,
Might on the subject throw sufficient light;
Then, like a rocket, you for once would soar,
Blaze for a moment, and be seen no more! 105
But still the threatening danger you defy,
-Still bid new piles of cedar kiss the sky!
By parsimony you would gain renown,
And risk a million to secure a crown! 110
Ignoble maxim! — tear it from the heart,
And bid your soil to lasting structures stall;

226 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
The well burnt clay, or yonder bluff, can yield
At once both grace and safety's surest shield:
Live not in terror while your interest claims 115
Far fairer fabrics, that defy the flames.

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S.

.New-Havt-n

But say, why is this beauteous promenade, 125
Where Nature glows in vernal vest array'd,
Where Art with rapture would the scene have traced,
Deform?d by buildings and by tombs defaced?
'Tis not too late to brush the moles away
