title: The Publishers (part 2 of 5)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 142
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

From Beauty's face, and teach her smiles to play;
For sacred ashes that have breathed and loved, 131.
May be with decent sanctity removed:
And where yon grove of youthful poplars bloom,
Transplanted monuments may mark their tomb.
When once adopted, habits seldom change, 135
However rude, displeasing, odd, or strange;
Hence, when you hear the bell, or knocker's din,
No servant comes, some voice exclaims " walk in!"
Perhaps the visiter has only come
To leave a card, or ask if you're at home; 140
To beg directions to another door,
Or just to tell, « the chaise will call at four;"
No matter what, he may for ever stand
Beneath the porch, with knocker still in hand;
'Tis still " walk in i" from some interior room 145
Beyond a passage veiPd in deepest gloom;
133(2 Z. Jlnd where yon g'rove> &c.
The New Burying place, to which many removals have been made
from the Old, by such unprejudiced minds as think it not sacrilege to
remove human dust.

228 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.

New- Ha -'i.

Here he must grope his " blind and erring way,"
Fall o'er a chair, or through the entry stray,
Till, sad mistake I he gains the cellar or-or,
And tumbles down a dozen feet or more. 150
A stranger, who arrives to tarry here,
Excites distrust, inquiry, hope, and fear;
Slander awakes, and fame her trumpet plies,
Credulity extends her ears and eyes,
While swift around the secret whisper goes, 155
Till busy Rumour hatches " three black crows."
The strange proboscis, though of mammoth size,
Thro' wondering Strasburg spread far less surprize.
His name, profession, stature, age, and hue,
The reasons why he bade his home adieu, 160
All pass a female court in critical review.

Descriptive. WOODTVORTH'S. 229
New-Haven.
Eliza sips her tea, then with a smile
Sweet as the damson which she tastes the while.
Informs the party, what they long to know,
The name, and so forth, of the stranger beau, 165
Whose novel manners gave so much delight
To all at Bloomfield's ball on Monday night.
••' O, cries Amelia, 'twas to Adelaide u His whole attention and respects were paid.,
•••' She knew his name, and if the truth were known,
"I think, prefers it far above her own ;
••' What could he see in her, a very child!
"Or she in him, to be so soon beguiled ?"
Jane eager answers, " I'll instruct you all —
•'•' Their first acquaintance was not at the ball, 173
" But, as I live, on Sunday he was seen
•'•' Gallanting her to church across the (Jrcen;
lG2dl. Eliza sips her tea, &.c.
Should any individuals imagine themselves alluded to, or pointed at,
in this picture of New-Haven tea-table chit cbaf, thev will surely have
the goodness not to blame the poet. For every person he profi Sses a
due respect, and for the fair sex, iti particular, he entertains a most
devout affection. But as he has, through mere, politeness, invited
Truth to accompany him on his present little excursion, (as he has
frequently offered a play-ticket where he expected its non-acceptance)
he cannot, without deviating- from etiquette, reject her Unfashionable
precepts. The unpopularity of this goddess in New-Haven, is mos>t
certainly no fault of his. V

230 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive,
New-Haven.
" You'll laugh to think how odd the fop must look
^ Bearing her parasol., her fan and book!
" And bowing, as they parted at the door — 180
" Now, did you ever hear the like before?"
" O monstrous!" cries Amelia, " what disgrace!
u How could the girl in meeting show her face?
lii But after hearing love-tales, I suspect
" That S*****t's sermon had not much effect 185
" On simple Adelaide, whose Sunday's walk
<• Will be the topic of the city talk.
" Her coxcomb, too! — what has his breeding been,
" To have such folly by the public seen?
" And at the assembly — did he think us brutes? 190
66 For, how ridiculous! he danced in boots!!!
u *Tis whisper'd, too — and I believe the tale,
" He left his native state to 'scape a jail!

fteseriptire. WOODWORTH'S. 231
New-Haven.
••' And — keep the secret close — upon my life,
;< 'Tis known too well he left behind — a wife!" 195

The scandal flies — and ere the victim knows,
He finds himself encircled by his foes;
The fiend in bulk increases as she flies,
And swells his crimes in multitude and size;
(< A base deserter from a dozen wives!" 200
And had his reputation twenty lives,
Beneath their venonrd shafts 'tis sure to die,
They pierce his bosom, and he wonders why;
But, worst of all! — a luckless maid is doom' d
To view, with his, her spotless fame entomb'd. 205
Ye scritjhtlv fair I X^w-Haven?* highest boast.
Abroad the wonder, and at home the toast,
"Denounce one fault, and lay resistless claim
To sweet perfection and eternal fame.
The soul-expressing, soul-inspiring eye, 216
The nectared lips that with the ruby vie;
The witching smile that o'er the visage plays,
And bids the fancy in delirium blaze;
The dulcet tone which rapt attention greets,
Breathed through a channel of unrivall'd sweets; 215
The sprightly step, the graceful, modest mien,
Where all the charms that fascinate convene,

232 WOODWORTITS. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
Are soon eclipsed^ when prejudice and pride,
With jealous envy, in the breast reside.
Then better prize your charms — bid mental grace 220
Superior lustre lend the speaking face;
Renounce vile Slander — Charity pursue,
And angels may conceive of envy too.
Some such are here — O how superiour they!
As blaze of noon surpasses infant day. 225
Yes, the proud boast is yet, New-Haven, thine,
External grace with mental charms to join.
For while the grateful theme employs my muse,
A sister-goddess she delighted views,
Who pensive moves, with downcast eye, along, 230
A lovely contrast with the gayer throng;
A temper, gentle as the glassy lake
When zephyrs scarce an undulation wake,
Shines sweetly through the azure of her eye,
Charms in a smile, or interests in a sigh. 235
How lovely, when a melting tale of wo
Heaves her fair breast in mounds of virgin snow,
Or from her eye the crystal tribute calls,
Which, lingering on the brink, reluctant falls,
And on that cheek where softest crimson glows, 240
Rests like a dew-drop on the blushing rose.
How soft her accents, gentle, winning, sweet;
Envy is silent and her snakes retreat:

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 233
New-Haven.
The child of Nature, with unsullied heart,
Improved, refined, but not restraint, by art; 245
