title: The Publishers (part 3 of 5)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 117
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Its ebullitions know no false disguise,
They flow from truth and rapture as they rise.

Soul of my song! my song should build thy fame,
Dared my fond muse but lisp thy dearer name;
But ere her fingers kiss the trembling wire, 250
The " ghosts of former joys" untune her lyre;
The sighs of Sorrow murmur as she sings,
And Memory breathes discordance o^er the strings.
Too delicate the theme. — My muse, forbear —
Divert sad Memory with a livelier air; 255
More subjects yet remain for blame or praise,
New-Haven yet demands the poet's lays*
Your Fasts and Sabbaths undisputed claim
The meed of reverence and religious fame;
Of these the muse with due respect would sing, 260
Nor let one wanton note disgrace a string;
Then may not Malice construe wrong the strain,
Nor dare reproach her with intents profane.
The streets deserted, silence reigns around,
Uninterrupted by the smallest sound; 26.''
Till tlie loud signal from the " Old Brick" tower,
Given by Glaus, proclaims the solemn Lour:

234 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.

New-Haven.

In quick response two other fanes begin,
With " brazen throat and iron tongue," the din;
In measured time the tones salute the ear, 270
(For e'en bell-ringing goes by method here)
The Brick, and Blue, and Church, the chorus swell,
While raptured Echo answers, li ding I dong! bell!"
Still not a passing foot-fall can we hear,
Not e'en a mouse dare in the street appear, 27
Till, at the second peal, from every door,
As from the Trojan horse, the legions pour,
Marshalled, and clad in Sunday's gay attire,
From span-high infants to the hoa»y sire;
New-Haven grace and beauty now are seen, 280
With pensive, measured step, and solemn mien,
Led by their mothers o'er the dewy Green.
Beauty, secluded from the vulgar gaze
For six long, tedious, and unhallowed days,
Conspires to raise and solemnize the scene; 285
For " angels' visits, short and far between,"
Must sure impress the soul with thoughts divine,
While adoration bows before the shrine.
But, on this day, no anxious lover dare
Confess his flame, or e'en salute the fair; 290
289/A 1. But, on this day, no anxious lover, &c,
The " blue -laws" of Connecticut (so called from the colour of the
yaper on which they were printed) have never been repealed, though

236 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
But see! he stops- and gazes with surprise, 305
While pleasure sparkles in his eager eyes!
O tell me, Truth, what this strange man delights.
Is he an author? — for, behold! he writes;
Some brilliant thought he wishes to retain,
Just popp'd by accident within his brain. 310
" No, Truth replies, his task is thus to stray,
With book and pencil, on each holy day,
To see if any (but himself) shall dare
Evade the law, and walk in time of prayer;
Their names he notes with secret heart-felt joy, 31 J
For rich reward awaits his curst employ;
The hapless wights the enormous fine must pay,
To appease the law and mend the broken day;
The pious Doctor then absolves the sin,
Tips half the fee — the rest attorneys win.7' 320
Justice, indignant, hears the shameful tale,
Sighs for her sword, and points to Satire's scale.
The mail arrived last night — but, here must stay,
Nor can proceed another step to-day;
No stage-coach wheels must dare profane the roads 325
On Sabbath day, with their ungodly loads.
The anxious travellers must tarry too.
Though dying friends may bid the world adieu;
Business of moment may their presence claim.,
Sickness and death, or love's impatient flame; 330

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 237

New-Haven.

-Tis all the same — the law demands their stay,
Wherever be their hearts, their lips must pray.
Despatches, too, of highest moment, wait,
While merchants suffer in the neighbouring state;
Gazettes, that tell the rise and fall of stocks, 335
Rich-freighted vessels stranded on the rocks,
Or safe arrived, when fear pronounced them lost,
To save a ten-fold premium's serious cost,
Which Monday's sun will see despairing paid,
Occasioned all because the mail is staid. 340
And are these regulations made to prove
How dearly yon Religion's precepts love?
Are there no selfish views — no interest here
Conceal'd beneath her mantle? — Yes, I fear
Throughout the whole, when all this fuss is done, 345
Like Others, you " take care of number one;"
For you are gamers, though the world may lose —
Have one whole day's advantage of the news,
And speculation being still your trade,
How many pious fortunes thus are made! 350
Inn-keepers, too, by this, increase their pelf,
Each traveller must eat, or starve himself.
But now, o'er western hills, the god of day
Salutes the city with his parting ray:

iNew-Haven.
Tired of his journey, he retires to bed, 35-5
But scarce the watery couch receives his head,
Ere suddenly, as if enchantment wrought,
The scene is changed as quick as human thought;
Bustle and noise, labour and sports begin,
And Silence startles at the direful din. 366

descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 239
New-Haven.
Invites my footsteps — thither let me rove,
Where sculptured stones adorn the poplar grove;
Where graves, and urns, and epitaphs appear.
And ask the little tribute of a tear. 370
