title: The Publishers (part 4 of 5)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

240 WOOD WORTH'S. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
Hillhouse! 'twas thine to give the dead a place
Adorn'd by art and nature's every grace; 380
To call their ashes from chaotic heaps,
And fashion order where the victim sleeps;
For this alone (if this were all thy fame)
Shall grateful honours gild thy lasting name.
Here while I stray beneath this poplar gloom, 385
Friendship demands a tear for yonder tomb;
Where, freed from all the cares that life attend,
Reclines fair Virtue's and the Muses' friend.
When first these grateful scenes allured mine eyes,
He taught me where to rove, and what to prize 5 390
When pensive Vesper led the starry train,
And Cynthia's splendours mark'd the eastern main,
Here would we ramble, while the sighing breeze
Waved the tall verdure and disturb'd the trees;
Weave in our converse threads of moral thought, 395
And scan the truths surrounding emblems taught;
370//t I. Hill/iousc, &.:.
The Hon. James Hillhouse, Esq. who appropriated this spot for in
terring the dead.
3G8//1 1. Reclines fair Virlvtfs andtlie Muses' friend.
Francia Kidder, printer, who died in the autumn of 1G07. His
typographical brethren, as a testimony of their affection and respect,
erected a handsome stone to his memory, the first one in this place
lettered in gilt; it has since, however, been copied by many others.

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 24 £
New- Haven.
Then with warm ardour dart our rapid view
Through present clouds to scenes of brighter hue;
Anticipated joys we hoped to share,
And in imagination revell'd there; 400
Laid future plans of happiness and ease,
When Love and Fortune would unite to please;
With rapture dwelt upon the grateful theme,
And with regret dismiss'd the waking dream.
Yes, 'twas a dream! and I remain to prove 405
That both were shadows, promised wealth and love,
Whilst thou wert call'd from visionary scenes
To real pleasures and eternal greens,
Ere sad Experience taught the cruel truth
That shadows only tempted ardent youth — 410
Kidder! 'tis mine to wish that Heaven's decree
Had snatclrd us both from this tempestuous sea,
That life had ended ere despair begun,
And, as below our hopes, above our joys been one.
Retired from sepulchres and " storied urns," 415
The m.ise to yonder Seminary turns;
416/A I. Yonder Seminary, kc.
Yale College was founded in 1700, and remained at Killingsworth
until 1707, then at Saybrook until 1716, when it was removed and fixed
at New-Haven. It has its name from its principal benefactor, GOT.
Yale. There are at present eight college domiciles, three of which,
each one hundred feet long, are inhabited by the students, containing

WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.

New-Haven.

Magnific pile, where architective grace
Shines in each fabric that adorns the place;
But where exterior beauty but enshrines
Far nobler treasures — Learning's richest mines. 420
Cradle of Genius! here my willing muse
The tributary lay with joy pursues;
Obsequious here the song she fain would raise
High as her theme, and give deserved praise.
But, ah! her humble efforts sink below 42
The rich encomiums Justice bids bestow;
With diffidence she dares attempt the strain
Which classic bards may hear with cold disdain;
Fearful before Apollo's sons she sings,
Whose more harmonious lyres Minerva strings. 43C
First, with meek reverence would I enter where
Yon spire denotes the edifice for prayer;
Access is mine, the willing gates unfold,
And Yale's assembled sons mine eyes behold;
Our future statesmen, patriots, bards, divines, 43,
For whom bright Fame the fadeless laurel twines,
thirty -two chambers each, sufficient for lodging two hundred students;
a chapel forty by fifty feet, with a steeple one hundred feet high;
another edifice for the library, &c. of the same dimensions; a dining
hall sixty by forty feet; a house for the president, and another for the
professor of divinity; the whole pleasantly situated west of the Green»
which is spread before it.

descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 24,3

New -Haven.

Are here convened, and in each youthful face
Their rising greatness Fancy fain would trace.
Say, are not here some souls that restless burn,
On life's great stage to take an active turn; 440
To rise, the awful pillars of the state,
And rival ancient Tully in debate?
Some who possess a portion of that flame
That gain'd our Washington immortal fame?
Others, whose philanthropic bosoms glow 445
To shine like Franklin in relieving wo?
Whose philosophic souls his fame inspires
To wield the thunder and direct its fires;
To soar, on Learning's wing, through trackless space,
View countless orbs and all their movements trace, 450
Govenvd by order and unchanging laws,
And in effects behold the Eternal Cause?
Some glowing with a Homer's living fire,
Design'd to " wake to ecstacy the lyre,"
To bid Columbia's future fame arise, 455
And rear Parnassus under western skies;
Here fix the temple of the tuneful throng,
And rival Albion's boasted sons of song?
Or are not here some destined yet to shine,
With cloudless lustre, in the desk divine; 460
To wake the soul, and guide its feeble view
To Him who made, and can its form renew;

244 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
New-Haven.
Recal the wandering wretch, his course restrain,
And gently lead him to the fold again;
Arouse the careless, and support the weak, 4G5
And gospel truths with voice unfaltering speak?
But, see! what dignity! what ease and grace,
Combine in him who fills that sacred place!
Renown'd divine! to thee my lays aspire,
Thou reverend minstrel of the epic lyre! 470
Whose tuneful numbers, when thou didst them roll,
Portray thine own, and rap the listening soul.
But when within the sacred desk you stand,
And raise the eye devout, and spread the hand;
Or, from that holy book, expound to youth 475
Precepts of Heavenly evangelic truth;
What soul will not enthusiastic glow
With warm devotion as thy accents flow?
What heart can cold, inanimate remain,
And let thy matchless reasoning plead in vain? 480
Hail, sons of Genius! youthful sages, hail!
The glory, pride, support, and boast of Yale;
Your country's ornaments aspire to prove,
And grace the spheres in which you're call'd to move;
469//1 /. Renown'd divine.
Dr. Dwight, president of Yale College, and professor of divinity; a
great scholar, profound divine, and celebrated poet.

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 245
New-Haven.
So shall your Alma Mater rise in fame, 485
And deathless honours decorate her name.
And here the muse bewails her hapless bard,
Whose cruel fate such golden prospects marr'd,
For Hope once whisper'd to his ardent breast,
'•' Thy dearest, fondest wish shall be possess'd"-— 490
Unfolded to his view the classic page,
And all its treasures promised ripening age;
Show'd Learning's flowery path which led to Fame,
