title: The Publishers (part 5 of 5)
author: Samuel Woodworth
date: ed. 1818
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsodessongs00woodrich (The Poems, Odes, Songs, and Other Metrical Effusions of Samuel Woodworth, New York: Abraham Asten and Matthias Lopez, 1818; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 137
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; New York; many songs

Whose distant temple glittered with his name.
Illusive all! — the phantom all believe, 495
Though stiil we know her promises deceive;
Chill penury convinced the wretch, too late,
Her words were false, and his a hapless fate.
How many minds, that govern now our fates,
Rule o'er the nation, or direct the states, 500
Were fashioned here! — the warrior and the sage,
And worthiest statesmen of the present age;
Bards like our Trumbull, Barlow, Humphreys, Dwight,
Who thrill the soul with rapturous delight;
503<4 I Bards like our Trumbull, &c.
John Trumbull, Esq. the author of a poem, in copious wit, second
only to the cantos of Butler; and in vigour, dignity, and sweetness,
superiour to the " passing worth of Sir Hudibras." — When the politics
of " M'Fingal" are forgotten, the poem will be read, repeated, and
admired by every lover of the jocund muse. This poem, comprising

246 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive,
New-Haven.
And essayists grave, or politicians wise, 505
Who feel like Webster, or like Dana rise;
Chauncey, the firmest pillar of our laws,
And Daggett, eloquent in virtue's cause.

Descriptive. WOOD WORTH'S. 24?'
.New-Haven.
With hundreds more the muse coul<? grace her verse,
And bid her lyre their various worth rehearse, 510
But these suffice — nor must her measured strain
Swell to more lines than these small bounds contain.

248 WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.

New-Haven.

The sweetest art of all considered fine, 525
Is yet, New-Haven, exquisitely thine.
There is another source of joy, designed
To please the senses and instruct the mind,
To you unknown — for Prejudice denies,
In this famed state, what liberal tastes must prize. 530
I mean the stage — (the moralist may start)
I mean the stage — improver of the heart;
That holds the mirror up to vice and crime,
And " shows the form and pressure of the time."
Why is the drama in this place suppressed, 535
The treat with which your sister states are bless'd?
Why, here alone, are minds of taste deprived
Of all the joys from scenic arts derived?
For you, where Prejudice still holds her reign,
Has Shakspear wrote and Cooper lived in vain. 540
That blear-eyed monster is the deadliest foe
That Learning, Taste, and liberal Arts can know,
And here extends her sway: — O drive her hence!
And wake to Candour, liberty, and sense:
But, ah! I urge in vain — it cannot be, 545
Candour and " steady habits" won't agree;
An age must roll — a century must waste,
Ere you attain your sisters' arts and taste.

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 249
New-Haven.
But, though an infant, Taste can here be found,
Array'd in flowers, her brow with garlands crown'd,
And, when gay Flora's blush the town arrays, 551
In Mix's arbours she delighted plays;
Wantons along the winding paths, or treads
In sportive gambols o'er the rosy beds;
Peeps through the foliage of the blossom'd trees, 555*
That freight with sweetness evening's balmy breeze;
Her glowing temple animates above,
And bids the wax discourse, the canvass move;
Swells Griefs bright tear in fair Columbia's eye,
And teaches Music's breath to sweetly sigh. 560
How happy, once! — here I could careless stroll,
And feel no sorrows preying on my soul;
552d I In Mi.c's arbours, &c.
The Columbian Gardens, kept by Mr. Mix, proprietor of the
Museum, may be considered the only resort for rational recreation.
Here, on a summer's evening, is sometimes convened a brilliant
assemblage of beauty, taste, and fashion.
55Tth I. Her glowing temple, &c.
is justly styled " The Temple of Taste."
559th I. Fair Columbia's eye.
The Genius of Columbia is represented, in wax, weeping at the
tomb of Washington.

<->50~ WOODWORTH'S. Descriptive.
fVew-lIa\en.
In yon alcove have mused, reclined and mute,
Or breathed my feelings through the pensive flute;
Stray 'd through these alleys, in yon arbour sat, 565
QuaffM the rich juice, and join'd in Friendship^ chat;
Here Love, too, sometimes heightened every joy,
When smiles and roses only deckM the boy,
Ere disappointment barb'd his harmless dart,
And Avarice tore it from my mangled heart. 570
New-Haven! — source of all my former joys!
The demon, now, that all my bliss destroys!
In you I view, with just, impartial eyes,
All that I love, and much that I despise.
Though you affect Religion to revere, 575
Her noblest precept finds few votaries here:
Sweet Charity, fair offspring of the skies,
You know not, feel not, have not learn 'd to prize;
Truth bids me speak — when I the past review,
I know not, feel not, charity for you; 580
'Who, when ye see Misfortune on the chase,
Let loose a pack of Slander and Disgrace;
Hunt the poor wretch till he must yield and die,
Or, pierced with Censure's teeth, ignobly fly;
As is the timid hare, by rustic clown, 585
Drove from her form, pursued, and hunted down.
Myself, a timid being, eager sought
Your famed retreat for liberty of thought,

Descriptive. WOODWORTH'S. 251
New- Haven.
The term of " steady habits" lured me here,
And Love detained for one short happy year. 590
But stern Misfortune, by one cruel blow,
Blasted my hopes, and laid my prospects low;
Then as a fiend lank Poverty pursued,
And, huntsmen like, the cruel sport you view'd;
"The game in view! — hark, forward !" was the cry,
And. gash'd with wounds, the wretch was doom'd to fly;
His strength exhausted, he despairing fell,
And bade to Hope, and Love, and all, farewell!
Was't not enough he bow'd beneath the storm?
But must you trample on his prostrate form, 600
Torture, and view him writhe beneath the smart,
Murder his peace, and tear his bleeding heart?
O cruel malice! source of his despair!
" A wounded spirit who, alas! can bear?"
O who can tell what struggles rack'd him here? 605
Who count each bursting sigh, each falling tear,
That forced their passage from his aching breast,
When torn from prospects that had made him blest?
Forbear, my muse! nor dare the dangerous theme,
Recal not back the past illusive dream; 610
Let dark Oblivion shroud it with her veil,
And in meek silence blasted hopes bewail.

Valedictory. WOOD WORTH'S. 253
The iVlinst:-ei"s> farewell to his Lyre
