COLONEL  BAKER. 


103 


the  ball !  Mrs.  Baynes  had  caused  her  daugh- 
ter to  dress  with  extra  smartness,  had  forbidden 
the  poor  child  to  go  out,  and  coaxed  her,  and 
wheedled  her,  and  dressed  her  with  I  know  not 
what  ornaments  of  her  own,  with  a  fond  ex- 
pectation that  Lord  Headbury,  that  the  yellow 
young  Spanish  attache,  that  the  sprightly  Prus- 
sian secretary,  and  Walsingham  Hely,  Char- 
lotte's partners  at  the  ball,  would  certainly  call ; 
and  the  only  equipage  that  appeared  at  Madame 
Smolensk's  gate  was  a  hack  cab,  which  drove 
up  at  evening,  and  out  of  which  poor  Philip's 
well-known,  tattered  boots  came  striding.  Such 
a  fond  mother  as  Mrs.  Baynes  may  well  have 
been  out  of  humor. 

As  for  Philip,  he  was  unusually  shy  and  mod- 
est. He  did  not  know  in  what  light  his  friends 
would  regard  his  escapade  of  the  previous  even- 
ing. He  had  been  sitting  at  home  all  the  morn- 
ing in  state,  and  in  company  with  a  Polish  col- 
onel, who  lived  in  his  hotel,  and  whom  Philip 
had  selected  to  be  his  second  in  case  the  battle 
of  the  previous  night  should  have  any  suite. 
He  had  left  that  colonel  in  company  with  a  bag 
of  tobacco  and  an  order  for  unlimited  beer,  while 
he  himself  ran  up  to  catch  a  glimpse  of  his  be- 
loved. The  Bayneses  had  not  heard  of  the  bat- 
tle of  the  previous  night.  They  were  full  of 
the  ball,  of  Lord  Estridge's  affability,  of  the 
Golconda  embassador's  diamonds,  of  the  ap- 
pearance of  the  royal  princes  who  honored  the 
fete,  of  the  most  fashionable  Paris  talk,  in  a 
word.  Philip  was  scolded,  snubbed,  and  cold- 
ly received  by  mamma  ;  but  he  was  used  to  that 
sort  of  treatment,  and  greatly  relieved  by  find- 
ing that  she  was  unacquainted  with  his  own  dis- 
orderly behavior.  He  did  not  tell  Charlotte 
about  the  quarrel :  a  knowledge  of  it  might 
alarm  the  little  maiden ;  and  so  for  once  our 
friend  was  discreet,  and  held  his  tongue. 

But  if  he  had  any  influence  with  the  editor  of 
Galignani's  Messenger,  why  did  he  not  entreat 
the  conductors  of  that  admirable  journal  to  fore- 
go all  mention  of  the  fracas  at  the  embassy  ball  ? 
Two  days  after  the  fete,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  there 
appeared  a  paragraph  in  the  paper  narrating  the 
circumstances  of  the  fight.  And  the  guilty  Phil- 
ip found  a  copy  of  that  paper  on  the  table  before 
Mrs.  Baynes  and  the  general  when  he  came  to 
the  Champs  Elysees  according  to  his  wont.  Be- 
hind that  paper  sate  Major-General  Baynes, 
C.B.,  looking  confused,  and  beside  him  his 
lady  frowning  like  Rhadamanthus.  But  no 
Charlotte  was  in  the  room. 


COLONEL  BAKER, 

RIVERS  form  no  less  striking  features  in  the 
pictures  of  history  than  in  the  face  of  na- 
ture. When  dignified  by  the  passage  o^|hnies, 
their  course  runs  broadening  through  fame.  The 
crossing  of  the  Rubicon  by  the  legions  of  the 
bankrupt  Roman  centuries  ago,  has  given  to  the 
rhetoric  of  the  world  a  metaphor  crystallized  into 
the  ordinary  speech  of  men  who  never  heard  of 
the  Gallic  war.      We  never  realized  that  the 


shock  of  arms  was  coming  between  the  Sardinian 
King  and  the  Austrian  Kaiser  until  the  troops 
of  Francis-Joseph  stood  on  the  Italian  brink  of 
the  Ticino.  The  Danube,  the  Elbe,  and  the  Po 
run  through  their  ancient  dominions  sad  with 
the  memories  of  slaughter  and  of  battles. 

Hitherto  the  western  world  has  had  no  dower 
of  associations  to  link  with  its  streams.  The 
peaceful  charms  of  growing  opulence  and  ad- 
vancing arts  were  all  that  hallowed  our  rivers 
after  we  had  forgotten  our  vague  traditions  of 
savage  ambuscade  and  midnight  massacre.  But 
they  can  never  again  claim  that  happy  immu- 
nity from  the  red  suggestions  of  strife.  The 
waters  of  the  Missouri  are  darkening  with  a  tint 
more  deep  than  the  amber  of  the  mountains ; 
the  Mississippi  will  soon  become  the  sepulchre 
of  heroes ;  and  the  fair  ripples  of  the  Potomac, 
that  have  never  blushed  before  except  with  the 
dalliance  of  the  evening  sunlight  streaming  ros- 
ily over  the  Virginian  hills,  will  henceforth  flow 
grimly  into  history  stained  with  the  costliest 
blood  of  the  land.  As  if  the  significance  of  the 
forward  movement  of  the  armies  of  the  republic- 
were  not  enough  to  stamp  the  crossing  of  the 
river  indelibly  into  the  mind  of  the  world,  the 
noblest  lives  in  the  army  were  sacrificed  at  Al- 
exandria and  Ball's  Bluff,  whose  fame  will  res- 
cue the  event  from  all  the  possibilities  of  oblivion. 
The  boast  of  Virginians  becomes  justified,  and 
the  ground  becomes  "  sacred  soil,"  when  hallow- 
ed by  blood  like  that  of  Elmer  Ellsworth  and 
Edward  Dickinson  Baker.  These  heroic  men, 
falling  gloriously  on  the  southern  shore  of  the 
dividing  river,  call  eloquently  to  their  country- 
men who,  pressing  on  to  avenge  them,  are  too 
busy  to  weep  for  them.  Not  now  shall  their 
history  be  written.  When  the  storm  is  over- 
past, and  peace  brings  leisure  for  eulogy,  it  will 
be  time  to  tell  the  story  and  educe  the  lessons 
of  their  lives.  To  posterity,  therefore,  we  will 
intrust  the  work  of  worthily  honoring  the  dead 
Senator.  At  present  we  can  only  snatch  from 
forgetfulness  the  simple  facts  of  his  life,  and  say 
what  manner  of  man  we  have  lost.  The  scat- 
tered garlands  which  affection  to-day  is  casting 
upon  his  grave  shall  be  hereafter  gathered  and 
woven  into  unfading  chaplet  of  enduring  fame. 
"Forget  not  the  faithful  dead"  was  the  pathetic 
adjuration  of  the  dying  warrior-poet  Korner; 
and  it  is  ill  for  a  republic  when  its  martyrs  begin 
to  be  forgotten. 

Edward  Dickinson  Baker,  United  States 
Senator  from  Oregon,  who  died  in  battle  near 
Conrad's  Ferry  on  the  21st  day  of  October,  1861, 
was  born  in  the  city  of  London  on  the  24th  day 
of  February,  in  the  year  1811.  His  father,  Ed- 
ward Baker,  was  a  man  of  education  and  refine- 
ment. His  mother  was  the  sister  of  Captain 
Thomas  Dickinson  of  the  British  navy,  an  officer 
of  great  ability  and  distinction,  who  fought  un- 
der Collingwood  at  Trafalgar.  When  Edward 
was  four  years  of  age  his  family  came  to  America 
and  lived  for  about  ten  years  in  the  city  of  Phil- 
adelphia. He  always  fondly  remembered  his 
residence  in  Philadelphia,  and  his  citizenship 


104 


HARPER'S  NEW  MONTHLY  MAGAZINE. 


was  through  life,  both  to  him  and  to  Philadel- 
phians,  a  source  of  mutual  pride. 

Early  in  the  spring  of  the  year  1825  the  elder 
Baker,  impelled  by  that  spirit  of  restless  adven- 
ture and  enterprise  that  seems  the  heritage  of  all 
the  race,  gathered  up  his  household  gods  and 
turned  his  face  once  more  to  the  sunset.  Over 
the  trackless  mountains,  along  the  strange  riv- 
ers, through  the  still  wildernesses  where  life  was 
bursting  into  beauty  and  bloom,  he  journeyed 
until,  tired  of  wandering,  he  rested  in  the  rich 
valley  of  the  Wabash.  Only  a  little  while 
though  ;  for  in  a  year  or  so  we  find  him  at  the 
pleasant  old  town  of  Belleville,  in  the  county  of 
St.  Clair,  the  earliest  settled  of  all  Central  Illi- 
nois, filled  with  a  population  more  wealthy  and 
refined  than  that  which  settle^  in  the  Southern 
peninsula  between  the  Mississippi  and  the  Ohio, 
or  that  which  fought  and  traded  along  the  Illinois 
and  Rock  rivers.  Most  of  the  educational  and 
social  advantages  of  the  State  clustered  at  that 
early  day  around  the  villages  facing  the  trading 
station  that  Laclede  had  built  and  called  St. 
Louis,  and  those  that  nestled  cozily  in  the  wind- 
ing valley  of  Kaskaskia.  In  later  years  these 
towns  have  lost  their  ancient  prosperity,  and  all 
that  reminds  the  visitor  of  what  has  been  is  the 
dignified  idleness  of  the  men  and  the  still,  proud 
beauty  of  the  women. 

Finding  in  the  good  county  of  St.  Clair  a  con- 
genial social  atmosphere,  the  elder  Baker  pitched 
there  his  tent,  and  opened  an  academy  for  boys, 
which  he  continued  with  great  success  for  many 
years,  conducting  it  upon  a  system  of  instruction 
then  called  the  Lancasterian  plan.  His  son, 
Edward,  then  a  handsome  lad  of  fifteen,  by  the 
grace  and  dignity  of  his  bearing,  by  his  personal 
beauty,  and  by  the  astonishing  charm  of  conver- 
sation which  even  at  that  early  day  distinguished 
him,  became  a  general  favorite  in  the  best  socie- 
ty there.  He  was  always  received  with  kindness 
in  the  family  of  Governor  Edwards,  a  magnificent 
old  gentleman  in  fair  top-boots  and  ruffled  wrist- 
bands, who  added  to  a  character  of  great  gener- 
osity and  executive  ability  the  grand  Seigneur 
airs  of  the  Old  School.  Young  Baker  availed 
himself  with  avidity  of  the  treasures  of  the  Gov- 
ernor's library,  the  best  in  the  State.  He  was 
always  a  ravenous  reader.  He  had  one  of  those 
rare  memories — wax  to  receive,  and  marble  to 
retain.  He  was  indebted  to  its  trustiness  and 
quickness  for  much  of  his  success  as  a  debater. 
He  was  rarely  mistaken,  and  never  at  fault  for 
a  fact  or  an  allusion.  Thus  reading  and  re- 
membering, dreaming  and  growing,  he  passed 
the  pleasant  days  in  pleasant  Belleville,  in  con- 
genial study  and  edifying  society.  He  took 
much  interest  in  the  political  contests  that  con- 
vulsed the  State  upon  the  old  and  always  mis- 
chievous question  of  Slavery — in  which,  singu- 
larly enough,  Northern  and  Eastern  men  favored 
the  introduction  of  Slavery,  while  the  Governor 
and  his  Kentucky  associates  opposed  it.  By 
their  untiring  efforts  Slavery  was  prohibited,  and 
Illinois  remained  a  free  State. 

From  Belleville  young  Baker  went  to  Carroll- 


ton,  in  Greene  County,  a  town  of  less  social 
culture,  though  filled  with  a  wealthy  and  ster- 
ling population.  Here  he  studied  law  in  the  of- 
fice of  Judge  Caverly,  and  practiced  for  some 
time  with  indifferent  success.  He  married  here 
a  lady  of  high  character  and  position,  who  still 
survives  him,  in  desolation  and  sorrow,  on  the 
far  shore  of  the  Pacific  Ocean. 

He  removed  to  Springfield,  afterward  the 
capital  city  of  the  State,  in  1 835.  In  1837,  w  hen 
Dan  Stone — the  member  who  joined  Abraham 
Lincoln  in  what  his  opponents  styled  the  "  Abo- 
lition protest" — resigned  his  seat  in  the  Legis- 
lature to  assume  a  place  on  the  Supreme  Bench, 
Baker  was  elected  to  fill  the  vacancy  thus  cre- 
ated, and  re-elected  soon  thereafter.  He  paid 
little  attention  to  Legislative  business ;  was  oft- 
en out  of  his  seat,  and  more  pleasantly  employed. 
He  was,  however,  always  called  on  when  an  ob- 
noxious measure  was  to  be  defeated  or  an  op- 
ponent demolished.  He  mastered  details  with 
great  ease  when  he  cared,  but  he  did  not  often 
care.  He  was  State  Senator  from  1840  to  1 844, 
defeating  in  the  canvass  John  Calhoun,  who 
afterward  became  memorable  on  account  of  .an 
election  manoeuvre  in  Kansas  not  wholly  uncon- 
nected with  candle-boxes. 

All  this  time  he  was  applying  himself  assid- 
uously to  the  practice  of  law.  His  infallible 
memory,  his  quickness  of  perception,  and  his 
ardent  eloquence,  were  powerful  agencies  in  the 
management  of  juries,  and  were  usually  suc- 
cessful against  the  most  determined  energy  and 
labor.  His  bonhomie  and  impetuosity  of  de- 
livery were  irresistible  to  Western  men  ;  and  his 
Keniucky  admirers  delighted  to  liken  him  to 
the  great  lights  of  the  Southwestern  bar,  Barry 
and  Grundy.  He  was  fortunate  in  being  asso- 
ciated with  men  of  industry  and  learning,  such 
as  Judge  Logan,  the  Nestor  of  the  profession  in 
Illinois ;  M.  Hay ;  and,  for  a  while,  Albert  T. 
Bledsoe,  lately  Assistant  Secretary  of  War  in 
the  Southern  Confederacy. 

It  would  be  hard  to  find  in  any  backwoods 
towrn,  at  the  period  of  which  I  have  been  speak- 
ing, a  coterie  of  equal  ability  and  equal  possi- 
bilities with  those  who  plead,  and  wrangled,  and 
electioneered  together  in  Springfield.  Logan, 
one  of  the  finest  examples  of  the  purely  legal 
mind  that  the  West  has  ever  produced  ;  M  'Dou- 
gal,  who  afterward  sought  El  Dorado ;  Bissell, 
and  Shields,  and  Baker,  brothers  in  arms  and 
in  council,  the  flower  of  the  Western  chivalry, 
and  the  brightest  examples  of  Western  oratory  ; 
Trumbull,  then  as  now,  with  a  mind  pre-emi- 
nently cool,  crystalline,  sagacious ;  Douglas, 
heart  of  oak  and  brain  of  fire,  of  energy  and  un- 
daunted courage  unparalleled,  ambition  insatiate 
and  aspiration  unsleeping ;  Lincoln,  then  as 
afterward,  thoughtful,  and  honest,  and  brave, 
conscious  of  great  capabilities  and  quietly  sure 
of  the  future,  before  all  his  peers  in  a  broad  hu- 
manity, and  in  that  prophetic  lift  of  spirit  that 
s;iw  the  triumph  of  principles  then  dimly  dis- 
covered in  the  contest  that  was  to  come. 

Baker  was  elected  to  Congress  in  1844,  from 


COLONEL  BAKER. 


105 


the  Sangamon  District.  He  occupied  his  seat 
there,  serving  with  distinction,  when  the  Mexi- 
can war  broke  out.  Though  opposed  to  the  war 
in  its  inception,  the  call  of  his  country  was  im- 
perative to  him.  There  was  something  in  his 
veins  that  would  not  let  him  be  quiet  when  there 
was  fighting  going  on.  He  had  had  some  little 
experience  of  soldiering  in  the  Black  Hawk 
War — as  who  had  not  ?  Lincoln  was  a  captain 
there,  Robert  Anderson  and  Jefferson  Davis  were 
together  in  an  expedition  up  the  Mississippi, 
and  Abraham  Lincoln  and  Jefferson  Davis  prob- 
ably bivouacked  together  in  the  Iowa  forests  and 
dreamed  of  battles  by  the  dying  lire. 

Baker  left  Washington  and  came  to  Spring- 
field and  called  a  thousand  young  men  around 
him.  They  were  immediately  accepted  by  the 
Government  as  the  "Fourth  Illinois,"  and  em- 
barked for  the  war.  Arriving  at  Matamoras,  on 
the  discovery  of  dangerous  irregularities  that  ab- 
solutely demanded  attention,  Colonel  Baker  was 
sent  to  Washington  as  a  bearer  of  dispatches. 
When  he  came  there  Congress  was  in  session. 
He  availed  himself  of  his  right  of  membership, 
and  in  a  speech  of  great  fire  and  force  he  plead  the 
cause  of  the  Volunteers,  then  resigned  his  seat, 
and  went  back  to  the  war.  He  joined  his  regi- 
ment in  time  to  share  in  the  victorious  termina- 
tion of  the  siege  of  Vera  Cruz.  He  advanced 
into  the  interior  with  the  main  body  of  Scott's 
army,  and  gained  an  opportunity  for  hot  work 
at  Cerro  Gordo.  When  Shields's  Brigade  had 
turned  the  Mexican  position  in  the  rear  of  the 
mountain,  and  the  column  emerged  from  the 
chaparral  into  the  Jalapa  road,  a  concealed  bat- 
tery suddenly  opened  with  deadly  effect  upon  the 
Illinoisans.  Shields  fell  with  a  hurt  in  his  breast 
large  enough  to  let  out  the  life  of  any  man  but 
him ;  and  Baker,  without  an  instant's  confusion 
or  hesitation,  took  command  of  the  brigade,  and 
charged  magnificently  upon  the  enemy's  guns, 
taking  the  position  which  enabled  him  to  cut  off 
the  retreat,  and  completing  the  utter  rout  of  the 
Mexican  army.  It  was  in  reference  to  this  in- 
cident, and  in  remembrance  of  the  conduct  of 
Burnett's  regiment,  that  he  said,  last  April,  in 
Union  Square,  "  I  know  what  New  York  can  do 
when  her  blood  is  up." 

He  was  succeeded  in  his  Congressional  Dis- 
trict by  Abraham  Lincoln,  and  shortly  thereafter 
he  removed  to  Galena,  up  in  the  lead-mines. 
The  inevitable  popularity  that  always  attended 
his  footsteps  like  a  shadow  followed  him  into 
the  North,  and  placed  him  in  Congress  again 
within  a  very  few  months  after  his  arrival  in 
Galena.  It  is  impossible  for  people  living  in 
cities,  or  in  the  heart  of  a  dense  population,  to 
form  any  adequate  conception  of  the  intense  af- 
fection and  eager  interest  that  a  handsome,  jolly, 
eloquent,  and  discreet  partisan  leader  excites 
among  his  constituency  of  the  backwoods.  The 
rural  school-houses  and  groves  form  the  arena 
of  his  triumphs.  His  wit  is  rewarded  by  hearty 
laughter,  and  his  eloquence  by  yells  of  approba- 
tion. Where  excitements  are  few,  a  popular 
orator,  who  can  make  men  laugh  and  cry,  be- 
Vol.  XXIV.— No.  139.— II 


comes  entwined  with  their  sluggish,  emotional 
natures,  and  a  speech  is  to  them  not  an  inci- 
dent of  an  evening,  but  the  event  of  a  week. 
They  show  their  appreciation  of  him  by  always 
designating  him  by  some  affectionate  and  slight- 
ly depreciatory  epithet,  which,  though  at  first 
annoying,  becomes  in  time  a  badge  of  honor 
and  a  cry  of  onset.  They  are  hardly  the  most 
elegant  names  to  go  into  the  measures  of  his- 
tory, but  no  titles  have  ever  been  more  lovingly 
given  than  Honest  Old  Abe — the  Little  Giant — 
Old  Tippecanoe— Old  Zack— the  Old  Wheel- 
Horse.  In  this  power  of  enchaining  the  love  of 
a  people,  who  though  rude  are  always  manly, 
and  never  grow  maudlin  in  their  devotion,  but 
retain  in  their  utterances  of  praise  the  privi- 
lege of  judicious  abuse,  Baker  was  unparalleled. 
Though  free  from  all  degrading  vices,  the  worst 
men  loved  him ;  and  the  rough  dwellers  in  the 
mines  and  the  timber  came  eagerly  to  hear  him 
discourse  of  things  above  the  reaches  of  their 
souls. 

He  served  these  last  years  in  the  House  of 
Representatives  with  great  industry  and  success. 
His  principal  oratorical  effort  of  these  days  was 
the  pathetic  and  musical  eulogy  he  pronounced 
at  the  death  of  his  old  commander,  when  the 
honest  and  sagacious  old  warrior  went  to  heaven 
from  the  Executive  mansion.  Declining  a  re- 
election, his  restless  and  original  brain  fastened 
upon  a  project  as  wild  as  it  was  engaging. 
Forming  a  business  connection  with  the  Panama 
Railroad  Company,  he  sent  a  body  of  four  hun- 
dred men  under  his  brother,  the  genial  and  tal- 
ented Dr.  Alfred  Baker,  soon  following  them 
himself.  Those  who  have  read  the  narrative  of 
Lieutenant  Strain,  where  the  intensity  of  suffer- 
ing charms  while  you  shudder,  may  form  an 
idea  of  the  dispiriting  experiences  of  this  little 
band.  In  the  depth  of  the  matted  rankness  of 
the  forests — on  the  humid  banks  of  sluggish 
rivers — lying  in  the  night  amidst  the  tangled 
luxuriance  of  the  wilderness — the  moist  splendors 
of  tropical  summer  around  them,  and  the  wild 
voices  of  tropical  and  savage  life  in  the  path- 
less jungles  filling  the  unquiet  air — one  by  one 
they  sunk  beneath  the  insidious  beguiling  of  the 
malarious  atmosphere,  and  the  Northern  strength 
melted  in  the  Southern  fervors.  At  last  their 
untiring  leader  fell  sick,  nearly  unto  death,  and 
his  brother  brought  him  tenderly  home,  to  see 
familiar  skies  and  breathe  the  honest  air  of  the 
prairies  again. 

He  recovered  slowly :  but  his  heart  leaned 
always  westward.  It  is  men  like  him  that  form 
the  dazzling  crest  of  the  foremost  wave  of  emi- 
gration, that  never  ceases  to  roll  onward  till 
caught  and  shattered  into  quiet  by  impassable 
boundaries.  He  went  to  California  in  1852. 
The  wild  tumult  of  earlier  years  had  begun  to 
settle  into  the  habitudes  of  civilized  life,  and  the 
arts  of  peace  had  be^un  to  supplant  the  savage- 
ries of  nature.  People  were  arriving  at  that 
point  of  social  and  moral  development  when 
they  thought,  on  the  whole,  it  was  as  well  to 
litigate  a  claim  as  to  fight  about  it.     Retainers 


106 


HARPER'S  NEW  MONTHLY  MAGAZINE. 


began  to  supplant  revolvers,  and  briefs  to  supply 
the  place  of  bowies :  which  was  a  bad  thing 
for  surgeons,  and  a  very  good  one  for  lawyers. 

Among  the  lawyers  of  California  Baker  was 
easily  chief.  The  astonishing  ease  and  felicity 
of  his  diction,  his  marvelous  quickness  of  appre- 
hension, bred  a  careless  habit  in  him  that  often 
exposed  him  to  the  charge  of  indolence  and  su- 
perficiality. There  never  was  a  greater  mistake, 
though  this  delusion  is  one  very  frequently  en- 
tertained in  the  case  of  men  of  great  sprightliness 
of  mind.  Baker  never  neglected  or  slighted  his 
business.  His  cases  required  little  hard  work, 
but  they  always  received  it.  There  was  nothing 
slovenly  or  heedless  about  any  of  his  habits  of 
thought.  His  pleadings  were  always  eminently 
safe,  and  his  forensic  harangues  were  models  of 
perspicuity  and  force,  without  ornament  or  verb- 
iage. His  popularity  increased  with  his  success. 
He  took  his  place  at  once,  almost  without  effort, 
at  the  head  of  the  profession  in  the  State.  A 
large  proportion  of  all  important  civil  causes 
were  brought  to  him ;  and  those  social  philoso- 
phers whose  principles,  embodied  in  practice,  ran 
counter  to  the  established  prejudices  of  courts 
and  statutes  became  imbued  with  a  kind  of  su- 
perstitious confidence  in  his  powers.  There  was 
certainly  nothing  lacking  in  Baker  to  the  perfect 
advocate  if  he  had  cared  to  become  so.  His 
fascinating  power  with  juries — his  clear  analytic 
processes  of  thought — his  torrent  of  tempestuous 
eloquence,  made  him  well-nigh  irresistible.  His 
success  was  commensurate  with  his  powers. 

He  was  popular  in  California,  in  spite  of  his 
politics.  It  was  not  possible  for  a  man  of  such 
positive  and  aggressive  character  to  seek  power 
and  position  by  subserviency  to  the  prejudices  of 
the  people.  By  ancient  affiliations,  by  accustom- 
ed habits  of  thought,  by  strong  instincts  of  a  lib- 
eral philanthropy,  he  was  identified  with  the 
party  opposed  to  the  extension  of  slavery.  In 
those  early  days  the  population  of  the  Golden 
State  had  not  yet  perfectly  polarized  its  con- 
stituent elements  upon  this  subject  of  slavery. 
The  free  State  colonists  were  largely,  of  course, 
in  the  ascendant ;  but  a  majority  of  them,  led 
by  the  old  traditions  of  organization,  joined  with 
the  Southern  residents  on  the  question  of  propa- 
gandism.  The  majority  was  thus  hopelessly 
against  the  Republicans  when  their  party,  strug- 
gling from  the  ashes  of  old  defeats,  unfurled  the 
banner  of  Free  Soil  upon  the  Pacific  shore.  But 
there  never  was  a  fight  more  dauntless  than  that 
made  by  the  forlorn  hope  of  Republicans — Baker, 
Stanford,  Nunes,  Tracy,  and  a  handful  of  fol- 
lowers— in  the  diggings  and  ranches  of  Califor- 
nia. There  was  none  of  that  sleepy  security 
that  characterizes  the  wordy  wars  of  Eastern  tri- 
bunes. When  a  man  went  to  talk  for  Fremont 
among  the  squatters  of  Mariposa,  or  inveigh 
against  slavery  among  the  refuse  ruffinnism  of 
tin;  Gulf  that  haunted  Yuba  and  Sonoma,  or  ex- 
pound a  hated  doctrine  to  the  desperadoes  of 
Tuolumne,  he  look  his  life  in  his  hand,  and  con- 
sidered his  pistols  and  knife  as  necessary  com- 
panions as  his  pamphlets  and  papers.     And  who 


was  so  qualified  as  Baker  for  a  strife  like  this  ? 
His  geniality  beguiled  as  much  as  his  courage 
impressed.  Because  he  was  always  known  to 
be  ready  for  a  fight,  it  was  never  necessary.  He 
won  the  hearts  of  the  rough  people  who  cursed 
his  doctrine,  and  his  name  became  coupled  in 
the  mouths  of  the  mountaineers  with  every  ex- 
pletive of  profane  admiration.  He  was  utterly 
at  home  on  the  hustings.  Those  who  are  ac- 
quainted only  with  his  grave  senatorial  efforts 
can  form  no  adequate  idea  of  the  ready,  spark- 
ling, ebullient  wit — the  glancing  and  playful  sa- 
tire, mirthful  while  merciless — the  keen  syllo- 
gisms— and  the  sharp  sophisms,  whose  fallacies, 
though  undiscoverable,  were  perplexing — and  the 
sudden  splendors  of  eloquence  that  formed  the 
wonderful  charm  of  his  backwoods  harangues. 
His  fame  became  coextensive  with  the  coast ; 
and  the  people,  in  allusion  to  "  the  good  gray 
head  which  all  men  knew,"  used  to  call  him  the 
"Gray  Eagle." 

Years  passed  on,  and  Baker  made  money 
and  friends  in  California.  At  last  the  great 
party  of  the  North  became  divided  on  the  in- 
terminably vexing  question  of  slavery  in  the 
Territories.  Broderick — one  of  the  truest  dia- 
monds that  ever  existed  in  the  rough — after  bat- 
tling with  unavailing  pluck  for  what  he  deemed 
truth  and  justice  in  the  Senate,  came  back  to 
rally  his  clansmen  for  conflict  with  a  haughty 
and  implacable  organization.  Here  was  a  con- 
flict that  at  once  enlisted  all  the  soul  of  Baker. 
It  was  not  so  forlorn  in  prospect  as  his  former 
one,  and  a  glimmer  of  hope  is  very  inspiriting  in 
politics.  A  coalition  was  effected  between  the 
Republicans  and  the  Douglas  Democrats,  by 
which  Baker  and  M'Kibbin  became  the  candi- 
dates for  Congress  against  the  distinctive  pro- 
slavery  men.  The  story  of  that  well-fought 
campaign  was  not  a  particularly  pleasant  one. 
It  was  like  all  sudden  insurrections  of  free 
thought  and  manhood  against  powerful  and  dis- 
ciplined tyranny.  The  Broderick  ticket  was  de- 
feated, and  the  baffled  Senator  was  bullied  into 
a  criminal  folly  that  his  better  judgment  con- 
demned, and  was  slain.  His  last  words  were, 
"They  have  killed  me  because  I  was  opposed  to 
the  extension  of  slavery  and  a  corrupt  Adminis- 
tration." 

The  words  and  the  event  fell  heavily  on  the 
heart  of  the  nation.  Par  more  crushingly  they 
rested  on  the  saddened  spirits  of  his  friends. 
The  dull  heaviness  of  their  grief  forbade  parade, 
and  made  ceremony  mockery.  The  American 
mind  runs  naturally  to  committees  when  great 
men  fall.  But  there  was  that  within  the  hearts 
of  Broderick's  friends,  like  the  anguish  of  the 
royal  Dane,  "passing  show."  By  common  con- 
sent Baker  was  the  funeral  orator.  With  none 
of  the  ordinary  accessories  of  solemn  burials,  the 
dead  Senator  lay  in  the  great  square  of  the  city, 
and  the  saddened  people  flocked  silently  to  the 
scene.  Prom  all  the  streets  of  the  crowded 
town  they  gathered  in  the  hush  of  the  autumnal 
noon,  till  the  square  was  filled  with  the  mourn- 
ing multitudes,  whispering  with  lowered  voices 


COLONEL  BAKER. 


107 


of  the  virtues  of  the  departed,  and  striving  to 
come  near  enough  to  gaze  upon  the  calm  feat- 
ures of  the  murdered  tribune,  turned  stonily  to 
the  brightness  of  the  skies.  Aloft  the  church 
bells  were  jangling  mournfully,  and  their  wild 
lament,  floating  down  to  earth,  deepened  the 
emotion  of  the  hour.  As  their  ringing  vibrated 
into  silence  the  voice  of  the  orator  stole  out 
upon  the  air,  tremulous  with  tender  feeling  and 
musical  with  the  memories  of  dead  friendship. 
The  mind  of  the  mighty  multitude,  softened  by 
the  excitement  of  their  sorrow,  lay  plastic  to 
his  hand,  and  for  an  hour  the  homage  of  tears 
and  sobs  was  paid  to  Baker's  genius  and  Brod- 
erick's  memory,  until  he  ended  in  those  grandly 
pathetic  words,  whose  touching  music  breathes 
alike  the  abandon  of  sorrow  and  the  joy  of  ulti- 
mate fame : 

"The  last  word  must  be  spoken,  and  the 
imperious  mandate  of  death  must  be  fulfilled. 
Thus,  O  brave  heart !  we  bear  thee  to  thy  rest. 
Thus,  surrounded  by  tens  of  thousands,  we  leave 
thee  to  the  equal  grave.  As  in  life,  no  other 
voice  among  us  so  rang  its  trumpet  blast  upon 
the  ear  of  freemen,  so  in  death  its  echoes  will 
reverberate  amidst  our  mountains  and  our  val- 
leys until  truth  and  valor  cease  to  appeal  to  the 
human  heart. 

''Good  friend!  true  hero!  hail  and  farewell !" 

It  is  worth  while  to  die  if  one  could  be  mourn- 
ed so  gloriously. 

After  the  death  of  Broderick  and  the  im- 
punity of  his  murderer,  Baker,  as  if  to  free  him- 
self from  the  haunting  presence  of  the  unatoned 
crime,  went  to  Oregon.  He  entered  with  all 
his  might  into  the  election  of  1859  in  that  State, 
working  with  his  usual  self-forgetting  energy 
for  David  Logan,  a  young  friend  from  Spring- 
field. Logan,  though  making  a  most  brilliant 
canvass,  was  defeated  for  Congress;  but  the 
Legislature  was  carried,  and  Baker,  who  had 
by  this  time  become  the  Republican  party  of 
Oregon,  was  proposed  for  the  Senate.  As  soon 
as  it  became  apparent  that  a  Republican  would 
be  elected,  the  opposition,  unused  to  any  thing 
but  victory,  and  unable  in  any  other  way  to  baf- 
fle defeat,  "took  to  the  bush,"  and  actually 
spent  several  days  in  the  tall  timber  to  prevent 
an  election  being  held.  The  sergeant-at-arms 
organized  a  hunting  party,  and  going  into  the 
woods  soon  bagged  enough  for  a  quorum,  and 
Baker  was  elected  to  the  Senate  of  the  United 
States.  He  had  at  last  attained  the  summit  of 
political  ambition.  As  far  as  his  nativity  would 
permit  him  to  be  honored,  he  had  been.  He 
had  arrived  at  the  goal  of  a  brilliant  career  be- 
fore he  had  completed  his  half-century  of  years. 
And  the  end  was  not  far. 

Coming  to  California,  on  his  way  to  the  East, 
he  scattered  his  perfect  and  jewel-like  speeches 
all  along  his  route.  One  evening,  in  San  Fran- 
cisco, after  it  had  been  surmised  that  his  being 
elected  by  a  coalition  would  induce  lukewarm- 
ness  of  sentiment  and  expression,  he  took  oc- 
casion to  renew  his  fealty  to  the  principles  of 
his  life.      I  do  not  think  this  wonderful  speech 


was  ever  reported.  Every  word  of  it  seemed  to 
flame  and  sparkle  with  the  miraculous  fire  of 
genius.  It  brought  the  audience  to  their  feet. 
The  very  spirit  of  liberty  seemed  ennobled  by  his 
apostrophe. 

He  at  once  took  his  place  among  the  fore- 
most debaters  of  the  Senate.  For  the  first  time 
in  his  life  he  was  placed  in  a  position  which 
was  entirely  appropriate  to  him.  The  decorum 
and  courtesy  that  usually  marks  the  intercourse 
of  Senators  was  most  grateful  to  his  habits  of 
thought  and  feeling.  The  higher  range  of  dis- 
cussion, and  the  more  cultivated  tone  of  senti- 
ment and  discourse  prevalent  there,  gave  him 
an  opportunity,  that  all  his  life  had  lacked,  of 
doing  his  best  among  his  equals.  Among  these 
refined  members  of  the  most  august  of  repre- 
sentative assemblies,  there  was  none  more  court- 
eous, more  polished,  than  this  Western  lawyer, 
this  rouser  of  the  dwellers  in  the  backwoods. 
He  shed  honor  enough  upon  Oregon  to  atone 
even  for  General  Lane. 

Let  it  be  remembered  to  his  lasting  praise,  now 
that  he  is  gone,  in  proof  of  the  paternal  and 
cherishing  interest  which  he  always  exhibited  in 
behalf  of  the  common  soldiers,  that  he  exerted 
himself  to  the  utmost  in  procuring  the  late  in- 
crease in  the  rations  of  the  rank  and  file.  The 
heightened  health  and  comfort  of  our  brave  sol- 
diery will  be  the  best  monument  to  his  wise  fore- 
thought and  liberal  humanity. 

In  fervid,  impressive  oratory — in  that  pecu- 
liar ability  which  starts  a  man  to  his  feet  unpre- 
pared, and  enables  him  to  always  do  himself 
justice  in  the  hurry  and  glow  of  debate,  it  would 
be  hard  to  say  what  equal  Baker  has  left  in  the 
Senate.  His  mind  was  always  fully  determined 
upon  questions  at  issue.  His  convictions  were 
firm  and  ardent.  His  opulence  of  expression  and 
imagery  was  absolutely  inexhaustible.  Other 
men,  upon  the  frame-work  of  a  great  idea,  by 
labor  and  toil  produce  finished  orations,  and 
when  they  are  done,  however  ornate,  the  fulfill- 
ment is  found  to  lag  behind  the  intention.  But 
Baker  never  labored  and  never  pondered ;  and 
so  powerful  and  ready  were  the  processes  of  his 
mind,  so  rich  the  resources  of  his  imagination, 
and  so  warm  and  glowing  the  fervors  of  his 
spirit,  that  the  creations  of  his  genius  came  forth 
in  the  full  perfection  of  their  finished  grace  and 
beauty,  with  a  light  and  a  life  and  a  color  fairer 
than  he  had  known. 

He  was  especially  great  upon  great  occasions. 
He  was  a  man  whom  the  subtle  magnetism  of 
events  always  inspired.  Those  who  heard  will 
surely  never  forget  the  magnificent  burst  of  red- 
hot  rhetoric  with  which  he  electrified  the  crowd- 
ing thousands  that  filled  Union  Square  last 
April.  It  was  a  mighty  assemblage — great  in 
numbers— tremendous  in  earnestness — awful  in 
aroused  enthusiasm.  We  saw  that  day  how 
hard  it  was  for  common  men  to  address  that 
crowd.  Some  simply  raved,  mastered  by  emo- 
tion. Some,  wishing  to  be  solemn,  prosed. 
There  were  few  who  could  ride  on  that  whirl- 
wind and  direct  that  storm.     Baker  was  one. 


108 


HARPER'S  NEW  MONTHLY  MAGAZINE. 


From  the  instant  when  his  graceful  form  was 
discovered  on  the  stand — his  handsome  face, 
pale  but  quiet ;  his  eye  fierce  in  its  brilliancy ; 
his  white  hair  crowning  the  splendid  head  like 
a  halo ;  and  ithe  tones  of  his  clear,  firm  voice 
rang  out  on  the  air  in  the  words,  "The  majesty 
of  the  people  is  here  to-day  to  sustain  the  majes- 
ty of  the  Constitution" — to  the  moment  when  he 
closed  in  a  gust  of  passionate  plaudits,  he  held 
the  audience  fettered  and  still.  A  visible  thrill 
ran  through  the  dense  mass  when,  in  closing,  he 
consecrated  himself  anew  to  the  service  of  his 
country  in  these  words  of  exquisite  melody : 

"And  if  from  the  far  Pacific  a  voice,  feebler 
than  the  feeblest  murmur  upon  its  shore,  may 
be  heard  to  give  you  courage  and  hope  in  the 
contest,  that  voice  is  yours  to-day ;  and  if  a  man 
whose  hair  is  gray,  who  is  well-nigh  worn  out  in 
the  battle  and  toil  of  life,  may  pledge  himself 
on  such  an  occasion  and  in  such  an  audience, 
let  me  say — as  my  last  word — that,  as  when, 
amidst  sheeted  fire  and  flame,  I  saw  and  led  the 
hosts  of  New  York  as  they  charged  in  contest 
upon  a  foreign  soil,  for  the  honor  of  your  flag ; 
so  again,  if  Providence  shall  will  it,  this  feeble 
hand  shall  draw  a  sword  never  yet  dishonored, 
not  to  fight  for  distant  honor  in  a  foreign  land, 
but  to  fight  for  country,  for  home,  for  law,  for 
government,  for  constitution,  for  right,  for  free- 
dom, for  humanity,  and  in  the  hope  that  the  ban- 
ner of  my  country  may  advance,  and  wheresoever 
that  banner  waves  there  glory  may  pursue  and 
freedom  be  established ! " 

This  was  no  idle  trick  of  rhetoric.  Before 
the  echoes  of  his  words  had  died  he  was  hard 
at  work  recruiting  the  California  regiment.  It 
filled  rapidly.  Men  came  from  a  distance  to 
join  in  squads  or  singly.  Many  came  from 
Philadelphia  and  its  outlying  country.  He  liked 
to  receive  these.  "There  must  be  a  fighting 
streak  somewhere  about  us  Quakers,"  he  used 
to  say.  There  was  an  inspiration  in  this  man's 
words  and  presence  that  made  men  love  to  fight 
under  him.  His  regiment  soon  was  over-full. 
The  President  appointed  him  a  Brigadier-Gen- 
eral. He  declined  it.  The  same  friendly  hand 
desired  to  place  upon  his  shoulder-straps  the 
double  star  of  a  Major-General.  He  quietly  re- 
fused it,  and  kept  the  eagles  to  which  his  regi- 
ment entitled  him.  As  for  honors,  he  had 
enough  of  them  in  another  field.  He  went  into 
this  war  for  use,  not  fame. 

The  time  for  use  was  coming  and  for  fame  as 
well,  though  hidden  behind  the  forbidding  mask 
of  disaster  and  death.  It  seems  as  if  Colonel 
Baker  himself  was  not  unmindful  of  his  coming 
fate.  It  is  so  easy  for  people  after  a  battle  to 
remember  that  the  dead  were  haunted  by  the 
coming  probabilities,  and  for  sentimental  youths 
to  say  before  a  skirmish  their  farewell  to  the 
world,  that  newspaper  reports  of  presentiments 
are  usually  not  devoid  of  ludicrous  associations. 
But  sometimes  you  sec,  in  a  man  whose  charac- 
ter renders  a  suspicion  of  affectation  impossible, 
an  awful  solemnity,  born  neither  of  fear  nor  of 
responsibility,  but  as  if  the  black  plumes  of  the 


wings  of  Azrael,  the  Death  Angel,  had  touched 
him,  or  the  ghostly  gales  out  of  the  opened  gates 
of  eternity  had  blown  for  an  instant  over  his 
brow.  Else  why  that  solemn  farewell  to  his 
parents  penned  by  the  dauntless  Ellsworth,  as 
live  a  man  as  ever  breathed,  in  the  dead  of  the 
last  midnight  that  he  ever  watched  ?  Why  the 
strange  reckless  bewilderment  of  the  brave  Lyon 
on  that  disastrous  day  when  his  gallant  heart 
was  breaking  under  the  double  conviction  that 
death  had  marked  him,  and  the  Government 
had  forgotten  him  ?  Colonel  Baker  for  several 
days  was  oppressed  by  this  overhanging  con- 
sciousness. He  became  as  restless  as  an  eagle 
in  his  camp.  He  came  down  to  Washington 
and  settled  all  his  affairs.  Pie  went  to  say  fare- 
well to  the  family  of  the  President.  A  lady — 
who  in  her  high  position  is  still  gracefully  mind- 
ful of  early  friendships — gave  him  a  bouquet  of 
late  flowers.  "Very  beautiful,"  he  said,  quiet- 
ly. "  These  flowers  and  my  memory  will  wither 
together."  At  night  he  hastily  reviewed  his 
papers.  He  indicated  upon  each  its  proper  di im- 
position "in  case  I  should  not  return."  He 
pressed  with  quiet  earnestness  upon  his  friend 
Colonel  Webb,  who  deprecated  such  ghostly  in- 
structions, the  measures  which  might  become 
necessary  in  regard  to  the  resting-place  of  his 
mortal  remains.  All  this  without  any  ostenta- 
tion. He  performed  all  these  offices  with  the 
quiet  coolness  of  a  soldier  and  a  man  of  affairs, 
then  mounted  his  horse  and  rode  gayly  awa}r  to 
his  death. 

On  the  20th  day  of  October,  the  movement  of 
General  M'Call  upon  Dranesville  having  excited 
the  attention  of  the  enemy  at  Leesburg,  and  a 
regiment  of  gray  uniforms  having  been  observed 
cautiously  advancing  from  the  west  and  taking 
position  behind  a  hill  near  Edwards's  Perry,  Gen- 
eral Stone,  commanding  the  army  of  observation 
on  the  Potomac,  resolved  upon  an  armed  recon- 
noissance  to  ascertain  the  position  and  feel  the 
strength  of  the  rebel  force  across  the  river.  A 
scouting  party  sent  out  from  Conrad's  Ferry 
scoured  the  country  rapidly  in  the  direction  of 
Leesburg,  and  when  within  about  a  mile  of  the 
town  were  suddenly  confronted  by  what  in  the 
uncertain  light  appeared  to  be  rows  of  tents,  but 
which  were  afterward  ascertained  to  be  merely 
openings  in  the  frondage  of  the  woods.  Upon 
this  report,  brought  back  by  the  mistaken  scouts, 
Colonel  Devens,  of  the  Massachusetts  Fifteenth, 
was  ordered  to  attack  and  destroy  the  supposed 
camp  at  daybreak,  and  return  to  Harrison's  Isl- 
and, between  Conrad's  and  Edwards's  Ferries,  or, 
in  case  he  found  no  enemy,  to  hold  a  secure  posi- 
tion and  await  sufficient  force  to  reconnoitre. 
Colonel  Baker  was  ordered  to  have  his  Califor- 
nians  at  Conrad's  Ferry  at  sunrise,  and  the  rest 
of  his  brigade  ready  to  move  early. 

Colonel  Devens  crossed  and  proceeded  to  the 
point  indicated,  and  General  Stone  ordered  a 
party  of  Van  Allen's  cavalry  under  Major  Mix, 
accompanied  by  that  most  accomplished  of  En- 
glish dragoons,  who  veils  his  titles  under  the 
sobriquet  of  Captain  Stewart,  to  advance  along 


COLONEL  BAKER. 


109 


the  Leesburg  road  and  ascertain  the  condition 
of  the  heights  in  the  vicinity  of  the  enemy's  bat- 
tery near  Goose  Creek.  This  was  performed  in 
dashing  style.  They  came  upon  a  Mississippi 
regiment,  received  and  returned  its  fire,  and 
brought  off  a  prisoner. 

Meantime  Colonel  Devens  had  discovered  the 
error  in  regard  to  the  supposed  encampment, 
and  had  been  attacked  by  a  superior  force  of 
the  enemy  and  fallen  back  in  good  order  upon 
the  position  of  Colonel  Lee,  who  had  been  post- 
ed to  support  him  on  the  bluff.  Presently  he 
again  advanced,  his  men,  as  General  Stone  re- 
ports, behaving  admirably,  fighting,  retiring, 
and  advancing  in  perfect  order,  and  exhibiting 
every  proof  of  high  courage  and  good  discipline. 

At  this  juncture  Colonel  Baker,  who  early 
in  the  morning  had  conferred  with  the  com- 
manding general  at  Edwards's  Eerry  and  re- 
ceived his  orders  from  him,  began  transporting 
his  brigade  across  the  narrow  but  deep  channel 
that  ran  between  Harrison's  Island  and  the  Vir- 
ginia shore.  The  means  of  transportation  were 
lamentably  deficient  —  three  small  boats  and  a 
scow,  which  the  soldiers  say  was  miserably  heavy 
and  water-logged.  With  such  means  the  cross- 
ing was  slow  and  tedious.  While  they  were 
toiling  across,  Devens  and  Lee,  with  their  little 
commands,  were  in  desperate  peril  in  front,  the 
wide  battalions  of  the  enemy  closing  exulting- 
ly  around  them,  with  savage  prudence  availing 
themselves  of  every  advantage  of  ground,  and 
flanking  by  the  power  of  numbers  the  handful 
of  heroes  they  dared  not  attack  in  front.  Ba- 
ker was  not  the  man  to  deliberate  long  when  the 
death-knell  of  his  friends  was  ringing  in  his  ears 
in  the  steady,  continuous  rattle  of  the  rebel  mus- 
ketry. He  advanced  to  the  relief  of  Devens 
with  a  battalion  of  his  Californians  under  Wis- 
tar,  the  most  gallant  of  the  fighting  Quakers, 
and  a  portion  of  the  Twentieth  Massachusetts. 
With  this  devoted  band,  1720  men  all  told,  for 
more  than  an  hour  he  stood  the  fire  of  the  sur- 
rounding and  hidden  foe,  as  from  the  conceal- 
ing crescent  of  the  trees  they  poured  their  mur- 
derous volleys.  Bramhall  and  French  struggled 
up  the  precipitous  banks  with  a  field-piece  and 
two  howitzers,  which  did  good  service  till  the 
gunners  dropped  dead,  and  the  officers  hauled 
them  to  the  rear  to  prevent  their  falling  into  the 
enemy's  hands.  Every  man  there  fought  in  that 
hopeless  struggle  as  bravely  as  if  victory  were 
among  possibilities.  No  thought  was  there  of 
flight  or  surrender  even  when  all  but  honor  was 
lost.  Their  duty  was  to  stand  there  till  they 
were  ordered  away.  Death  was  merely  an  inci- 
dent of  the  performance  of  that  duty ;  and  the 
coolest  man  there  was  the  Colonel  commanding. 
He  talked  hopefully  and  cheerily  to  his  men, 
even  while  his  heart  was  sinking  with  the  sun, 
and  the  grim  presence  of  disaster  and  ruin  was 
with  him.  He  was  ten  paces  in  their  front, 
where  all  might  see  him  and  take  pattern  by 
him.  He  carried  his  left  hand  nonchalantly  in 
his  breast,  and  criticised  the  firing  as  quietly  as 
if  on  parade.      "Lower,  boys!     Steady  there! 


Keep  cool  now  and  fire  low,  and  the  day  is  ours!" 
All  at  once,  as  if  moved  by  one  impulse,  a  sudden 
sheet  of  fire  burst  from  the  curved  covert  of  the 
enemy,  and  Edward  Dickinson  Baker  was  pro- 
moted, by  one  grand  brevet  of  the  God  of  Bat- 
tles, above  the  acclaim  of  the  field,  above  the 
applause  of  the  world,  to  the  heaven  of  the 
martyr  and  the  hero. 

When  with  dirges  due  I  saw  him  borne  to  his 
grave,  with  the  dull  cadence  of  muffled  drums, 
with  draped  banners,  and  slow-pacing  soldiers, 
and  all  the  solemn  adjuncts  with  which  affection 
seeks  to  alleviate  and  homage  to  ennoble  death, 
I  could  not  but  think  of  what  Douglas  said  last 
year.  When  the  October  elections  had  made  a 
Republican  success  an  event  beyond  contingency, 
Douglas,  always  a  magnanimous  man  and  a  true 
friend,  said  in  conversation,  "We  Springfield 
people  will  take  the  capital  next  year.  Lincoln 
in  the  White  House,  Baker,  and  M'Dougal,  and 
I  in  the  Senate — we  will  make  Washington  jolly 
in  spite  of  politics." 

Alas,  for  the  dead  hours  of  honest  friendship! 
