Printed for ‘fozas Brownz, -at the Black-

CENSOR

Swan without Temple-Bar. 1717,

DRESS

ITH some fort
People
may raise
W that the British
Censor, in the Midst
the Gravity and
flections of his Office,
thould

Dedica cation.

fhiould chufe the politeft
Gentleman of the Age |
address: But is my
Cenforial Wisdom so veinconfiftent
with
your Wit and Gaiety?
is Virtue less amiaig
ble, because it 1S beautified
with a liv ely Turn”
of Imagination? It may
be my. Part indeed to
draw and formanagree-
able ‘Character, but
Yours has been

session of a most ample
Fortune
Difparagement at all

to Your Discretion.-

When -I look on the
Favourite Picture Jour.
Horace draws of his
bullus, am pleated to
think there is an
Gentleman who refem- —
bles him every
of his, finest Features:
Because t to have th¢ Advans

vantages of Pérfon:
ducation, and Wealth is
common to many; but
ee Power of exerting
them i in the most graceful
Manner was only

Could. I finish a jutt

like that Matter
of Men and Manners, I

would soon attempt to
what becoming Ease

ction,

Dedication. |
ction; what well-judg-
do ‘Liberality without
Affectation, what Pub= .

lick- Spiritednefs without

Prejudice. Tomake
{uch a one admired is

toname Him; but to

Him beloved i is to
know Him. The Chara¢ter

I afflume freesme

the Jeaft

tion of Flattery, and

~ what You act in Life
from the Possibility of .

receiving

Tour most Humble,

Deitication.

Iam responsible to
he World -for my In-

tegrity; and if You are

—Jooked on with a just
Eye, they will entirely
agree In being- what

and most Devoted

Censor.

HEN the under the
following Title came abroad sing- —
VA ly, they bad several Clogs upe +
on them, which are since remo-
~~ Ved, but which at that time
gave the Undertakers no {mall Difcouragement.

They followed too'close upon the Heels of
the inimitable Spectator, whose excellent
Vein -of good Sense, Spirit, Wit, and Humour,
made that Paper the Entertainment
of all the Gay, Polite and Virtuous Part of
Mankind. Jt was a bard Task to come af*
ter [uch a Writer, and avoid striking into
the Paths he had trod, and still a harder
to invent new Subyeéts, and work upon them
with any Degree of the fame Genius and Delicacy.
This the Publifbers of the Censor
knew so well, that they were oblig’d to give
a New Turn. both of Charatter and Dre/s
tq their Performances.
Another Disadvantage was, the va Mul-—
titude of Papers that pretended to give an
equal Diversion to the Town; which, tho’
they died soon, and have no Memo
behind

PREFACE.

bebind them, yet found Readers heavy ene

to sympathize with their Duline/s. That
Period. of Time may be well called the Age

Counfellors, when every Blockbeadwho
could write bis own Name attempted to

infirm and amuse the Publick. And yet

tho’ firughng with the/e Difficulties, the Censor

bad the good Fortune to please ‘the betier
fort of Readers who gave it an Encouragement

sufficient to make the Undertakers believe,
a Revival of it would not be di jpleefing
to the World. |
is. now presented.io the Reader in anew
Form, without any emulating View of Rivathe
greatMafierswho have gone before in

this way of Writing. But if some Subjeés
of Morality bave anew Turn given them,

af of Criticifin cando any thing tcwards
amending the Tafie of the Age, and others

touch tolerably upon new Scenes of Humour,

itis to be hoped this Volume meet with
@ favourable Reception.

cannot be expetied that any Aicount

uld be given of the Authors, since some of

tham are’ fill concern’d in carrying on’ the
fame Design at préfent, not without. the
Afjifiance of many Eminent Hands. But in
ibe future V olumes ithe Secret (if worth enquiring

after) will be di/covered, if the Comfent
of ibe particular rijers canbe ob-

N I. Monday, April II.

SF est Clementiay cium tot ubigue
occ peritur parcere Charie.

Juven.
1 NG lineally descended
from Benjamin Fobnfon
of furly Memory,. whose

derable Portion of his Spirit,
without one Farthing
of Estate, [ am Heir to; I toak-up a
Resolution: to let the World know, that
there is still a poor Branch of that Jmmortal
Family remaining, sworn and a-

vow’d Foes to Nonsense, bad hy |

illiterate F ops, affected Coxcombss and :

Name as well as a confi-

~ alll }

2 The CenSorn,
all the Spawn of Follies and Impertinence,
that make up mc incumber: the present
Generation.
WhenI found. this Spirit of my great

Ancefior. growing too powerful to be

fuppreis’d, and ftrugling within my Bosom

for Vent; when I obferv’'d my Refentments
to be rather a Punishment to my
self, than. a Correétion of the Vices of
others; I determin’d ‘to let my Heart’
breath more freely,‘ and give a Loof'to
my Indignation.
At my coming to Town, having but
a {mall Acquaintance, my first Step was
to take a larger Scope of. Familiarity,

and work my {elf into publick

Meetings, and mix’d Assemblies. of all
kinds. Manya Night have I watch’d the
Mouth ofa Critic, for droppings of ill
Nature; many a time have I miis’d my
Glass in Company, to examine a Piece
of pretended Wit; and fat at a Lord’s

Table without eating a Bit, the better

to indulge my Intellectual Appetite, in
hearing him Discourse upon the Elegance
of Tatke, and the Oeconomy of his own
Board.
Sometimes when I have been unfatiffied
with the. polite Speakers at, Will's

and. Button’s, to make Amends for the

Time

Ground; and\as Democritus fought Truth
at the bottom’ of a Weill, so have I in
the Angle of a Cellar. |

Time I have descended under.

I have gone by Water from a Léflure .

upon Patience, as well to improve'that
Virtue as to gather up freth Sarca/ms,
and catch Flocks of Raillery in‘ their
Flight from one Boat to another. . The
Skirts of the Cities of Londén and Weftminfler
ave obliged to me for frequent
Vitits;: where L. have fat, among the

lower Tribe of Mankind, in Disguise;

observing with great Pleasure the little
Strifes and Emulations of Two Street-

Oracles, and the passionate Concern of
their respective Hearers for the Success

of their Favourite; when. I have at
unexpectedly interpos’d, and fagely deteymin’d
the important Difference. In
the Summer, have I learnt the most
material Charaéters and Humours of a’
Suburb Village, at the E.xpence only
of a Pipe or T

gintt: And, on some lucky Days, made
up a Dispute between a Squire and a Vie
cary of a Year or ‘Two's standing, for
the Value’ of Zbree Half-pence.
these Occasions, I have often had the
Satisfaction, at “4 leaving the Comwo

of John Vire

the Charaéter of a clever Fellow, or ine

genious Gentleman, according as the Qua-.

lity ofthe Speaker ferv’d to vary the

ed in.

But the better. Part ofmy Commerce
with: the World has been, more agreeable

to my Education, in Companies of
the Witty, and the Learned, the Judges

of Men and Manners: And now-and@.
then torelieve me from too greata waite |
of Breath, in.arguing, aflertmg and reply-.

ing, I have retir’d to that Sex, who take
most Delight in sa/king_all themselves.

The Expences, to support the Figure I.
make in this higher Sphere, have been:
continually supplied by a Female Namesake,

who has prov’d her self nearly allied
to our Family, by an Allowance
that answers my Pleaiures as well as

Maintenance. She owns it is her Ambitidn

to be thought of this Affinity.; and

efteems: it an ealy Exchange to have
Title toa Share of our Wit by her Money...

She has indeed a great many odd Humours,
and:innocent Vanitics, which it
would

pany, of. an applauding Sort of Whisper

etween the Parties; and gone off with

Phrase.of the :Encomium; A Tribute,
which, from the //ereditary Vanity of our.
Family, my Heart has secretly delightwould

be ridiculous to offer at correét-
ing in One of her Age; tho’ I am in
some hopes of getting off from a Task
she has oblig’d. me to perform for these
Ten Years together, which hasbeen to
read to her an Hour once a Week out
of some Greck Author. ’Tis truce, she’.
does not underitand a Tittle of my Le-
€ture, but.admires it for a fine founding
Language; and Madam Dacier her {elf
cannot be in more Transports than my
Cousin is upon. my reading of Homer:
When any one rallies her upon this Subje&t,
she only replies, she has as much
Reason as the Ladies who are pleas’d with
Italian Opefa’s...
I mutt dismiss the good O/d Gentle-
woman tor this time, in order to Jet the .
World a little more into my Self, and
my Intentions. 1 have beheld with a>
secret Pain the Sufferings of my honest
Countrymén, under the Fraternity of
Authors; and own it is partly out of a
Principle of Revenge, that I1-make my.
own Writings publick. The Penance’
that I have undergone in turning over -
the heavy Pages of the Moderns, requires
some Retaliation: And I. hope to.
be even with these Abusers of my Passions,
before | lay down my Pen. Oft.
B3 have

6.° The Ce Nsor. Nr.

have I burst into a sudden Fit of Laugh- ©

ter, when the Subjeé requir’d a Face

of Gravity.; and been so:c’d to sigh, |

whenthe Writer prepar’d me for a Scene

of Mirth and Diversion: | have been
kept awake, when my Eyes -requir’d

lumber; but inreturn, I confess ] have
een oftner lull’d to Rest, when it con-

cern’d me to be awake. The only Refuge

I had left was either to retire into
the strong Hol<s of Antiquity, and
hide my self in Greek or Latin trom their
Persecution; or to make an Advantage

of my Tormentors, by exposing them to
the World.

Phave chose the latter, and for the

future shall look with a severe Eye on .

the Labours of my Contemporaries’ nor
suffer them to pass withour due Corretion.

Folly: shall no more be baul’d in.
our Streets, nor Sense and Nonsense fold

currently atthe fame Pric¢, if the Spirit

of Ben. Jobn/on can work any Refor-.

mation.

At the fame time I shall make.a strict
Inguitition into the Jicens'd Vanities of
Sexes,-and lay an Interdiét upon
any Importation of new ones; those of
ourown Growth being already Evils too

numerous for the Sufferance of a Cex/or.
However,

I. The Gen son.

However, I hall not allow my. Spleen

to the better of my Humanity, but
quality my Corrections with good

mour and Moderation.

Beau Monde, in all its and.
Varieties, icize’ om as my. proper. Province

to exercise my Nuthority in;: not
without-a particular Regard to the Britio

Stage, of which by right of Ancefiry
lc) aim the Proteétion.

In thort, I reserve to my self the un-
controulable, Privilege of being Gay or

Grave, of playing the Aacient or Modern,
at my own Pleasure: Ever excluding all

Prejudices and Party-A ffairs from any

Share in the Cen/or.

I therefore desire those who thall favour
me with their Correspondence to
abitain from Whig and Tory, which are
Names, I profefs, I do not understand.
Where-ever Truth lies, Wit is certainly of no
Party, and if Bex Fobnfon can gain the
Reputation of the Onc, he will not be

at all Sollicitous about the Other. ~2

The Censor, N° 2.

N Wednesday, April 13.

Vitiis Nemo fine nafcitur, Optimus ille
Qui minimis Ui Setur. Hor,

Gave you to know in my: last, that
I fenfibly perceiv’d my self to inherit
aconfiderable Portion of the furly difcontented

Spirit of my Great. Ancettour,
and the late Viciflitudes of Rain and
Cloudy Weather have given meno {mall
Confirmation of it: Indeed when ever
my Barometer {tands at Foul or Changeable,

1 find the teffy Humours Predominant;

and my Natural Spleen difpofes me
to grow uneasy at the World, and
into Invectives againit the re{t of Mankind.
- |
I have been pretty much feiz’d with
these sow'r Fits for this Weck past, even
oo a degrec of shutting my-felt up from
Company. Now to you, that I
laugh at the Oddiizes of my
when tHe Cha; erin 1s Once Wore off, | ‘Il

give you an exact State of my Cafe in
those

Ne 2 The Censor. | 9
those Hours when my bilious Humours»
are on the Float.

If | am aloney my Ferment begins
withlong Strides, contraéted Brows, and |
Distortions of the Mouth. I don’t know
well whether my Break-fast mult be-

/Tea, or Cofze; butas foonas that Point’s.
fetled, I pour the first Cup out by mis+
take into the Sygar-Di/, fall a cursing
my fclf for such a piece of Negligence, ©
and fait for my Punithment.

Upon this Dilemma, throw my self
back into a Chair and fit moody, tila.
Coal falls on the’ Skirts of my Nightgown,
and makes me {tart up from that

Fofture of Autterity, to ferrle the Fire
in better Order; to which End I pothyer
till it out, let the Poker drive.

full at the back of the Stove for Mad-

ness,* fall again into. a State of Melan-

~choly, and cherith Diftafts and ill-natur’d
Reflections. Then do ten Thousand
/deas crowd .into my: Brain, and.
offer me Subjects for eternal. Imprecations;
and ’tis Forty to One if I don’t be- —
gin and rant tragically to my {elf in some
Qt Lee's or Otway’s Elegancies.

In some of these Moments of Indigeftion

have I difcharg’d my Venom in a.
Satyr on the Times, wrote Declamations
By againtt

again{t the Stage and Pulpit, and begun
an Examen on the Medern Poets, to
damn the Performers, break the Bookfellers,
and shove Non-sense by Neck

and Shoulders out of Reputation. This
is my ordinary way of thanagement, —
» when the: Delirium takes me by my

self; Neither thall 1 f{cruple to present

you with a Sample of my Behaviour in

Company.

Yesterday I was furpriz’d inn one of
my Crudities by Ned Freeman, and Jack

Winlove. On their Entring with Airs
of usual Familiarity, I fore'd my {elf to
rife from my Chair, and with a grave
Face told them they were welcome, and
defir’d them to fit. The Rogues immediately.obferv’d

the Formality of my PAiz

and {centing the Cue I was in, began to

fneer at each other, as much 4s to say,
det’s teize the Cynick.
Freeman began his Attack with, Weil,
Honest. Ben, bow goes the Wold, and
what store of News have you for our Entertainment
? 1 was so fully appriz’d of»

Upon this Ned

their Intentions to torment: Me, that f
was almost tempted to grow good-humour’d,
only to disappoint their Malice:
But not being able to bring my {elf in-

to.a Form of Gaiety, “Prithee, Ned,

(said

yo. The Censor. N 2.

(said 1,) what dos thou trouble me about
News for? If you-mean that of the publick
Pap s, you knowy I bold the whole Clan of
Nei. for no better than a Copnfederacy
of Lyars}: and.would as soon bape
for Wit and Consistency from Bedlam, as
Truth and Flouefly from their

If thou would’? keep free from the Odiumof
Company, Ned, learn to set Bounds to
thy Curiosity; and think it le/s Impertinence

to be a polite Companion, than an accurate

Journalist.. What Bufine/s have we to a-
mule our selves with Politicks, and/defcant

on the Turns or Mifcarviages of States and

Kingdoms, when every knot of Company will
supply us with Scandal, and furnifb out a
Lesson for our Improvement ? . Really,

Gentlemen, the World is grown so Vitiots

aid Degenerate, that [ am perfet?ly sick
of being ‘one of its Inbabitans.

and Prejudice are the Two great Bias’s

that tura cvery Inclination. The whole U-
niverfe one large Family of Kuaves
and |Fools, that, like Flint and Steel, are
perpetually firiking Fire out of each other.
The Friend, yau think, you may confide in,
betrays bis. Truf-:. The Tradefman from
whom you promised your self fair Dealing,
puts thé Tricks of bis Vocation upon you:
The Lawyer, that should do Tuftice in

az The Censor.. N2..

his way, lets the Adversary into the Weaknels

of your Cause, and sells your Intereftfor

across Fee: In short; we are ing
and befier’d with Villany, and cannot possibly
mage a fucce/sful Sally to our Relief.

for my OWN Ratt, I protest I a tiv’d out
avith the continual Circulation of ‘Frauds

and Impofitions; and begin’ almost to think
with Hamlet, what should such an Anias

Ido crawling betwixt Heav’n

and Earth? My Spirit is fower'd with the
ualities of things, they move my Gall, and
make the Infirmities of Years bvertake meat

an when I fhoul

intended to direél for the Execution of Coxcombs
and Blockbeads, recoils upon my self
and shocks my own Conflitution more thanit

diflurbs their Follies.

After I Kad carried on my Refleétions
to this Length, I made a Paule, expecting

the Gentlemen should make their —
Remarks .on my Dogmatical Air of

talking ; when, lifting up my Eyes, I
found I had wearied them out with

Raillery, they’ had taken the
Opportunity shrinking away silently,

d be Gay and Vigorous:
Yet after all, my Friends, you may perhaps

condemn the Pedantry of my Ill-bumour, be-
cause my Refentments cannot work a Reformation
on Mankind: While the Charge,that I

ising

The Censor. 13

and left me to continuc my Preachments
to my self.
When I had got rid of my Compahions,
I began to reflect upon the indecent
Familiarities so comafon among
Friends, of breaking in upon our serious
or fplenctick Hours, and endeavouring
to extort Mirth out of a Teniper indil- »
pos'd for it, which certainly ends in a :
Dissatisfaction on the one side or the
other. The best way in these Cales, isto
Iet the floating Humours fubfide by
degrees, .and leave the Man to recover
himself, since Argument will prove as
ineffectual as Wit unfeafonable. What
my Friends have thought of my Behaviour
I know not, and yet I'can’t help
condemning my self for running into a
general Satyr upon Mankind, because I ue
a poor /ndividual of the Species happen'd
to be uneasy to my self.. You see with
whaz Franknefs of Heart I confess m
own Frailties, and I could only wii
that the fofteit Terms, that Humanir
can give them, may be placed to allour
natural ‘Levities and Infirmitiey. Ever
Man is at some, Scafons what the old
called Mad; and a New Philofopber
of the firit Class does not fcruple to
own that, in some Hours of Life, he
could

short, as we have none of us a

14, The Censor: N°2,
could not upon Refle&tion remember one

Act or. —— that could entitle him
to the Character of a. Rational Being.” liv’

tion from the “Accidents to
Bodies are obnoxious, so neXher have
we from .the Effe@ our Org jns have
upon our superior Faculties. The only
Method to make the converfing part of
Life easy, is to distinguish between the -
natural and affected, or depraved Habits

that cling to us, and make a part of

our Selves; and. be inclined to give the
most favourable Interpretation of all indifferent

Actions.

N° 3. Friday, 15...

——— Sccernere Sacra Propbanis. «Wor.

Had laid out my)\Paper in order to
pursue the Courf of Entertainment
T promis’d to my Readers, but the So- °
lemnity of the present. Py oblig’d me
to deter all gay Designs, and giye way

to Matters of a more serious Confidera-

AEXCMp- ss.

N’3.. The Censor. — 15°
tion than those I have taker upon Me

to reform. —
Whatever the present Generation of

Wits may think of it, I can aflurethem

that my Great Anceftour,, throughout
the: Scene of his Life, preferv’d a just

Notion of Religious Duties; and never
~ suffer'd any Views of Profit or Reputatien
to break in upon the Days consecrated
to the more glorious Ends of his Ex-

It would be perhaps a Wonder to

the Vulgar, who have receiv’d nothing

but poor. traditional Accounts of Ben |
Fobnfon, that one of hisContemporariés,
of no {mall Fame, wasexpell’d fromthe
Poctical Club for a profane Jest; andan-—
other, for an irreverent Allufion te a
Paffzge in Holy Writ, obliged to repeat

whole Go/pel St. ‘Jobm in the O- .
riginal Greek, a Task so difficult ‘to

Modern Free-thinker, that "tis: probable
he mutt be tordd to B to School again,
before he could be able to perform. it.

But these Fellows consider no more of

honest Ben than his Leges Convivialés
which, tho’ they abound witha Vein —
of good Humour and Mirth, have a ~
nice regard to Decency and good Man- |

Bers. .

I have

The Censor. 3.
have so much Reverence to his

mory,-as wellas Refpeét to my awn Cha-
yatter, that I will not suffer Humour.to

drop from my Pen at atime, ail

Hearts ought to be possess'd for a. Nobler

Subject. I could almost with the Town

so fully Contemplative on the great Duties

to which this Day 1s set apart, that
omy. Speculations might remain. unread,
till their Souls) returning from a Seguefivation

might with Decency be allow’d
to unbend, and converse again with
Earthand Vanity. But asl know Frail-

ty so Universal, and Curiosity so prevalenr,

that too many will pofipone their Devotions
to my-Paper, think, bymy Office,
I owe them a Rebuke; and that I cannot
Cenfure them more juitly, than by

correcting their Levity by my Anweipation

of a Theme which ought to have

employ’d their Thoughts.
It is a Time when we should call our

Hearts to Account; when we should
meditate on the ineftimable Benefit of
our Redemption, of that Blood which

~wath'’d us from Original Offences; and

examine how’‘tar we have been grateful

to the Lord of Life, or how deeply
abus’d his Kindness, and. by new Dilobedience

incurr’d his Indignation. Let

N° 3. The Censor. -¥7.

us arm our selves with Piety, anda just
Sense of our Debt to the Godhead,
calling to mind the Agonies of his Pa

sons the Burthen of our Sins that fat.

heavier: upon him’ than the Indignities

of his Per(ecutor sy or the of his»

Crucifixion. (How can we rettrain our
Remar fe and Contrition, and not let our
Eyes slow for our ‘Tranfgreflions, when
we reflect that the Saviour of rhe World

wept Blood, and his Soul was Sorrowful

unto Death!
Humane Soul can be capable of

juftly 2omprehending his Sorrows; it~

was not a Corporeal Pain he now labour’d
with, but a fiercer and more horrid Conflict:
The Pain of aa is but as the Body
of Pain; the " guifh of the Soul is as the
Soul of Anguifo.\t was not the Fear of those

Scourges or Thorns, the piercing of the
Nails, or Agonies of the Cro/s, the Jn- _

gratitude of the Fews, or Shame of a
Death, only infli&ed on Thieves ail

Murthereis, which wounded hisBreatt ;- .

his Heavine/s proceeded. from-the Sins of
the World; and the Wrath of his Father.

prafs’d his Seul, and wrung from him

Expreifions of Bitterness. Irisa Thought
that thould awaken our Gratitude and -

to refleét, thatif every Sin
delerves an eternal Death, what muftthe
Agonics

18 The Cen sor.: N° 2.

Agonies of his Passion be, that could

aniwer for those Millions of Eternal
Deaths, which the Sins.of' Mankind had
incurr’d from the Juttice of an Incens’d

Can we read of the Treachery. of ‘/u- -
das, and not enquire of our own Bofoms
how often we have fold our A/afer for

less than Thirty Pieces? How often, like

that wicked Disciple, dail’d him with

our Lips,. but betray'd him in our Hearts?

How can we hear with dry Eyes, and

unbroken Spirits, the diftaal and inhuman

Process of his Sufferings? The

Scorns and Insults which he bore with Patience!

The Aggravations of Malice, and
Blafphemies sufficient to make him have

exefcis'd his Divinity, and disappointed

the Redemption of Mankind! How ean
we bear, without Horror and Admiration,

to look back on the sad Pomp of his
Execution! Loaded with the Burthen

of that Cro/s,which must quickly bear him
and difiended! Anfulted by the

Rabble, who drag him on weary and

fainting! Divefted of his Garments, and
expos’d to Shame! Faften’d with Cords,
and transfix’d witb /roms! Tortur’d with
the Weightof hisown Body; and-+hanging
aloft, between Heaven and Earth, _
a Speftacle of Misery, the Scorn of
Bebolders !

bind

Gold, of Immo

N 3. TleCensor. 19

Bebolders! His whole Skin streak'd and

difcolour’d with Stripes, -and_a.Zhprny

Diadem goring his sacred Fore-head !

I cannot so well conclude this Paper, as
with a Divine Contemplation of Bithop

Hall.on this Solemn Occation.

The Eye of Sense could not ‘diftin-
*¢ guith Thee, O dear Saviour, in the
nearest Proximity of the Cross; the

Eye of Faith fees Thee in all this

distance: And by how much more _

Ignominy, Deformity and Pain,. it.
“€ finds in Thee, so much more it ad- . .
“© miresthe Glory of thy Mercy. Alas! |
Isthisthe Head th t is deck’d by thine
Eternal Father wit a Crown of pure

al and Incompre-
henfible Majesty, which is now buth’d
with Thorns? Is this the Eye that

saw. the Heavens open’d, andtheHo- | :
ly Ghost descending upon that Head? *

That Mw such Refplendence of heaven-

ly Brightness on Mount Yador, which

now begins to be over-clouded with

© Death? Are thele the Ears, that

heard the Voice of thy Father own-

ing thee out of Heaven, which
nowtingle with Buffetings, and glow
with Reproaches, and bleed with:

6 Thorns? Are these the Lips that i

fpake as never Man's {fpake, full of

Grace:

The N° 3.

66 fhoul ad do thus to the blessed Son of

Giace and Power, that call’d out dead
Lazarus, that ejeéted the ftubbornett

Devils, that commanded the Cure of _

all Diseases, which are now {woln

with Blows, and difcolour’d withBlue- |
ness and Blood? Is this the Face that

should be fairer than the Sons of Men,
which the Angels of Heaven so desired

to see, and can never be satisfied with

fecing, that ‘is thus foul with -the
natty Mixtures of Sweat, and Blood,
nd Spittings on? Are these the Hands
that stretch'd out the Heavens as a

Curtain, that by their Touch heal’d

the Lame, the Deaf, the Blind,
which are now bleeding with the
Nails? Are these the Feet which
walked lately upon the liquid Pavement

of the Sea, before whose Foot-

{tool all the Nations of the Earth are
bidden to worship, that are now so
painfully fix’d to the Cross? O crueland
unthankful Mankind, that offer’dfuch

Meafureto the Lord of Life! Oh infinitely

merciful Saviour, that would’
suffer all this for unthankful Mankind!
That Fiends should do these
things to guilty Souls, it is tho’
terrible, yet just: But that.Men

sure, so [ look’d upon my self at Liber- -

N 4. The Censor.

God, it is beyond the Capacity of our

Horror.

+ ties of the Town; the other is pleas’d

7 Monday, April 18.

Natura ut aliarum omnium rerum,

fic vivendi modum. |

Pulcherrimum bumanifiimum exiftimo,

Severitatem Comitatemque mifcere, ne

illa in-Triftitiam, bec in Petulantiam

Plin. Epitt.

procedat.

§ the Holy-days ave a Seafonin which

every one thinks he has a right:

of indulging himielf in Ease and Pleatv

to have a Share in this common Priviledge;
and relieve my self at this time

from the Toil of composing an entire |

Eflay, by an insertion of Two Letters

I have lately receiv’d from a pair of.

Female Correspondents. ‘The Disposition
of their’ Spirits seems. so different,
that I fancy they would make.a good

Counterpoize to each other. The one

has.a Taste for the Rattle and Gaye-:

with

The 4.

with the innocent Solitudes of a Country
Villa. ‘The former has her Genius turn’d
for Society, the latter for Contemplation.

~The Complaints | ios. This. are-founded

mecerly on her Restraints from Pleasure,

the Other's are Reflections purely ttruck
out of the Impredfions of things on her
tender Nature. Bur thei# own Lincs
will belt speak the difference. of their
Characters and Sentiments,

Ta the Censor of Great Britain,
Venemble Censor,

<6 Ive me leave to submit a Cafe to

you, which, I assure you, gives
me no small Uneafinefs; as it is not
oe. but continual. My hard
ate has plac’d me under the direétion

of a First Cousin of my own Scx, on
whom, as Iam told, I am to build
my Dependance: I cannot account
© to you for my own Hardthips, with-
out first letting you into’ her Cha-
raéter: And tho’ you should insert
my, Letter in your Paper, (as 1 with
with all my Heart you would ;) 1 beieve
there are so many more of her

Stamp, that she. cannot poflibly fix

“© the Intelligence upon me; for, likea
Priioner under Sentence, ‘Tam but

seldom

N° 4. Lhe C ENSOR. | 23

dent I should be Virtuous and oute

seldom allow’d the‘use of Pent and
Ink. Now, you must know, the is
one of Those who value themselves
for being Wi/e Virgins: Shebeginsto
be pretty well stricken in Years, and’
is overtaken with as many Infirmities.
And the Complication of Age and Illne{fs
renders her so unfit for Pleasure,
that she envies those whose Youth
and Sprightlinefs make them capable

of relithing the World: Alas! Mr.Cen- »

/or, youare enot'a Stranger to the Power
af Affections; nor to know,
every Stage of Life has a Singularity
of “Fafte. For Me that am in the
Bloom of my Years and Beauty, (if I
shall ever have any,) to be immur'd,
like a Vefai tor Incontinence, and
cloifter’d up from all Enjoyments, you
mufl imagine gocs against the Grain.
Then we have no. Afale Creatures
come a-near our Houfc; all my Coufw

s Familiaritics are with the Favourites

of our own Sex; she blufhesifa

Man does but accidentally speak to.
her, and will tweat with Confusion |
if he should but touch the Tip of her °

Glove. Nowreally tho’ I am confi-

{tand Temptation 5 yct I cannot. for

24 The Censor.

my Soul be so much a Platonick, or /
enter into the dear Satistactions of \ -

a Female Intimacy. I fear, I thall
be troublefom& tho’ | have not a-
bove halt drawn her Piéture.. She is
so extreamly Religious, that Churches,

and Chapters, P/alis, ‘and Serions are

her only Recreation. Let me not lic
open to the Imputation of contemning
Religion ; but only that I conceive
her’s.to be of the wrong Stamp. For

fheisanotorious Bigot to Superfition:

She would not put the leatt. Trifle into

Execution of a Childery1/s-dayj depends

much on the Omens of a /plintred
Coal ttarting out of the Fire, and

goes into.a Fit of the Vapours onthe.
overfetting of a Sa/t-cellar. ‘Thenthe

true Marks. and Qualities of Religion
are against her; her Behaviour bids
defiance to Humility-and Candour ;
for her Pride makes her expeét the
Deference of a Counte/i, and her Suspicions
render her as Cenforious as
— Well, I had a strange Imagein
my Head, and therefore I'll leave you
to make out the Simile. But to conclude,
Mr. €ex/or, I must tell you I
am under very uncomfortable Cicumftances.
If I do but dress tolerably,

N 4. The Censor.

it is construed an Imitation of Co-

If 1 put on buta Patch extra-

*¢ ordinary, the poor Spot becomes the .

Subjeét of a Declamation, and I de
more than is fic for my Quality and .

Fortune: ‘lt 1 make a Scape tor a.
little Conversation, She tells Me the

whole Town rings of my imprudent:
Condu&,. Pray, Mr. Cen/or, oblige
me so far, as well as those other’
“© young Ladies that labour_under the

jame Restrictions, as to intépofe four

Regulations betwixt our Love of Pleasure,

and the-Severity of the Prades:

And todetermine, whether my Coufiz
docs not ,carry it with too high a
Hand; or how far Lam wanting in.
Submiflion or Piefpett\\ to her Meas
fures. Trom.the Tenor of this Epi-_
ftle, Tam sure you cannot expect a
Name froin,

Lour Flumble Servani,

I find this Letter writ with so much
Vehemence and Spirit, that I am not to
doubt my Corre/pondent lies under all the
Grievances she. of «Youth

The Censor. Ns

is naturally prone to Pleasure, and every
Restraint from the Pursuits of itis look’d
on.asan Injury. Yer, as an Indulgence
to all the lights of Gaiety too often betrays
them into’ Snares and Inconveniences,
tis fit some Rules should be set

to their Conduét: But not such Strriét-

ness as to exceed Moderation, and make
Life a Burthen: and Imprifonmenr. I

cannot, on a sudden, impartially deter- |
mine which Side is most in fault: The

Guardian may be too precise jand severe,the
Ward too careless of her Conduét
and Character: The Matron ought to
consider what Enjoyments Youth_requires,
and. how far the young One’s
Prudence isto -be trusted: The young
One should refleé& on the Liberties grant-
ed her, and owe {6;much to her own

odd Sense, as.not to let the World
condemn the Marron for her Indulgence.

My Second Letter isfrom a fedate Fair —
who. could live under the Restraint

of the ftri€test Direction, and look on

as a caule of Complaint.

Fobnfon,

yA "hed one whom my Fortune allows |

once a Year to come up to Town

about Laffer for New Cloaths, anda
Turn

Pies a

N 4. The Censor. 27

Turnin But Iam so mortified
this time with dismal Refleéti-
ons, that I much question whether I
© shall be able to wear those I have
bought with any tolerable Satisfacti-
on. The continual toling of Bells at
Night has thrown such aGloom up-
‘© onmy Temper, and disturb'd me with
{much Melancholy, that I cannot
rest forithe Apprehenfions of Death,
and being laid in the cold Grave. I
cannot call to mind'an Aétion of my
“© Life of that black Dye, as should
make me fear to leave it; yet I fill
my self with so horrid J/deas-of my
Difolution, that_neither Innocence,
“¢ nor the Probability of its Distance,as
“© T am Young, can support me under.
them. If you can arm me against.
these unreasonable Dilquietudes, and
put me in a method of recovering
my.wonted Tempzr, you will parti-—
cularly oblige, |

Your Hamble Servant,
Were I to give this Lady a Phyficat a
Definition of her Cafe, I must inform ©

her; that it%s a Poverty of the poe
Spirits which fubjeéts her to such /deas ;
her Remedy muit be4to guard againtt

Solitude and Contemplaticn, and indulge |
her self in Mirth and Society ; and

whenever she. mutt think of Death, let
her. consider it as the Exd of Nature,
and her best Priviledge. I remember
Paflage in Lee’s Junius Brutus, that

not a admuniiter to her Relief.

Death is not di to a Niind re, ole dy
Tt seems as natural as to be bern. |
Groans, and Convulfi and dijcolour'd

Faces, |
Friends avec ping vound US, Blacks, and
Ob/e GUuICS,
Make Death a dreadful thing The Pcup
of Death,

far more ter rible Death it

y would advise the fair Emilia to a-
mule her self at the Theatre, provided it
be at a Comedy; and that she come not

near it on Wednesday next,-when th

Diftreffes of the Lady ‘ane Giey, work
vp with-all the force of Language and
Pathion, will rather cause her to relapse
into Melancholy, than be a means ot
rcitoring her to Gaiety.

N’ 5. . The Censor

N WV daefilay, April 10.

Titi Res Antique -Laudis, Artes

Am so profefs’d an Admirer of An-
A siquity, that Lam never better pleas’d
with the Labours of my Contemporaries,
than when thev buty themselves in
retrieving the sacred Monuments oftheir

Fore-fathers from Obscurity and Obli-
yvion.., Every one may have observed.
that it is easy to trace the Genius and

Inclination of Ris Neighbour, even by

the Occonomy of his Houfhold Affairs.
> ‘The Furniture ef the Voluptuous confilts
of of Gods
committing Rapes on mortal Beauties, ..
and Milk-maids ttepping over Stiles, or.
sleeping balf-bare upon Flaycocks Bacchus,
Silenus, and a Crew of drunken
Satyrs.grace the Bed-chamber of the good _
Companion; and I know my self an old
four-Bottle Man, who. has tranfplantéd -
CB. every

30 The Censor. -N’s.

every Vineyard in France in Land/chips,

to adorn his Country-feat.
We Lovers ofAntiquityhave our Fozbles

of this Natura, which we keep up with

a very innocent Superttition. For my

own Part,the Shelves of my wey are

filled with curious Volumes‘ all forts
of Litterature, that preserve the Fragments
of great and venerable Authors.
These I consider as so many precious

Collections from a Ship-wreck of ine-—
ftimable Value; comforiing my self for |

the loss of the general Cargo, by the

_» greater Price and Esteem that ought to

be set upon the injur’d Remains. In

opposite Columns to these stat}l the

florers ofancient Learning, who are continually

fnatching delicious Morfels from

Mouth of Zime, and forcing’ that

general Robber to a Restitution of his ill- .

gotten Gopds.

When upon tumbling over the first

Shelves, I have discovered an uncom-
mon Beauty and Strength of Wit in an

imperfe&t Paragraph, peeve as much |

that J] cannot recover the whole, as a

brave Man would for the Amputation
of a Limb, from a strong and vigorous
Body that had done his Country great _
Services, and seem'd to promise it yet
greater.

Ne s...:Tbe Censor.
greater. If upon these Occasions any of
the {earned happen to have supplied
that Defeé, by rettoring a maimed Sentence
to its original Lite and Spirit, I
pay him the fame regard as the ancient
Romins did to.One who had preferv’d
the Life of a Fellow-Citizen. Inthe dilpofition
of AZomer’s Battles, we find that
excellent Poet has placed the PAjfcian.
at a convenient Nearnef.to the fighting"
Heroc, to be in Readiness to cure his
Wounds; ahd my genexous Criticks
serve the fame Order, ‘and ttand prepared
to come into the Atliitance of an
injur’d Author.
My Passion for the Ancients may perhaps
have carried me too far, but lam
certain that my Pains are fully answered
by the Pleasure | enjoy in their Come
pany. I expeétto be laugh’d at by the fine
Gentlemen of the present Age, when I -
tcll them that I prefera A/arble Head of
Marcus Aurelius to aGoldenOne of anyof
the greatest Men of the Century;
that | look upon my small Image of ©
Diana with greater Transport,. than the
gayeft Spark of them ail does upon the,
most celebrated Modern Beauty. When
behold Two Emperors and a Hexthen
God of mine guarding a small* Bag of
C 4 Coins,

The Censor. 5.

Coins, that bear the Impreflion of their

own Faces;, I am better pleas’d than
Lewis XIV can be W ith the Afock ldolatry
ot a Presence- or r the Compliments
of an Baflern
While am.upon this Subjeet I cant
refrain n y {elf from declaring my Aversion
to u ofe Gentlemen, who make it
their Bufine’s to impose fal/e Vares upon
Ignorant, under a of Learn-
ing and Antiquity. I therefore profefs,
that altho’ entertain a just Veneration
for the Collefions of Cel/us the Naturalist,
IT willno more suffer his Back of an old illcable

Name ofa Roman Shield. VE notwithstanding

my Admonition he persists

in the Cheat, I fhali pwblith Certificates

under the Hands of the Breker who fold.

it, and. the Brazier who furbifh’d it up
toits present Dignity. 1 defireno more
Tricks from the-Grave Hortenfius of Oxford,
whote fluffed Rat passed upon so

many Foreigners for.a Species of the

Dracones alatiy so frequently mention’d
by the Ancients. At the fame time I
ain finder: no fall Pain for a Discovery
of a learned Correspondent of mine,
neither dare I give my Judgment 1 in the

Cate ull have first consulted the Virfafhioned

Sconce to pass under the honour-

N° 5. The CENSOR.

tuofiy whose Opinions I desire of the
following Epittle.

Mr.

] Cannot think that your
are fomuch taken up with a View |

of the present Times, but that they
will admit of a Retrofpeétion into the
past Ages ; especially when the Subject
of the Enguiry tends not only to the
Recovery of a piece of Science, which
was in great Eiteem among the Wifeft
of old, but may be of Beneft to
the prefeny Generation. |
A Man of your Reading cannot be
ignorant that the anaient Philgfo-'
phers, and Naturalifts, frequently men-
uon the Virga Divinationis, ov divining
Wand; of which was to
incline it SEN, and bend. downwards to
the particular spot of Earth where
there was a golden Mine; and thatthe
Ule the depts of those Days made
of this Wand ws with such repeated
Succefles, that-there isno doubtto be
made of the 7iuth of the Faét. |
Now, Sir, there have been Attempts
in all Ages.to attain this Secret, but
all have mifcarried; whether from
the Unfitne/s of the Operator, the
Cy wrong”

wrong Choice of their Materials, or
the Unfeafonablenefs of Amputation, |

will not now detérmine. It is fuffici- .

ent that my Pains: and Application

have made me Ma/lcer of this powerful

Wand, which | have brought to
such a Perfeétion,. that by the help of
at I not only can know every rich Man

in Grent-Britan, without so much as

aking a single Question, but discover
the very Means he uled to gain

Treafur
As it is in my Power to niake considerable

Discoveries by this ‘Secret, so

it is not in my Nature to. promulge

them tothe Disadvantage of particular

Persons; I shall therefore pick out

only a few inoffenfive Observations

from my Experiments within these |

Months.

On the Tenth of November last, I
took my Wand under my Cloak, and
avalked from Weftminfler thro’ St.
Yames’s-Park; 1 passed by confide-

6% rable Crouds of Military Men, without

feeling the least sensible /uclination
of the Stick; where I saw such
Profufion of Gold-Lace, I must own
that | expected an Occasion of trying
its Virtuc 5 but to my great Surprize it

34 The Censor. N 5.

N° 5. The CENSOR... | 35
paid them no more Compliments, .
than if they had beenfo many Wea-
Not far from Chariug-crofis, Lobferv’d
a Croud. of gay well-drets’d
“© People atrending a Man of Diftincti-
S on to his Cozch; with these I mixed
“© my self, and took notice that ,when |
the Multitude were difpers’d, and on-
ly one plain Man ina bob Wig lett
hanging over the Coach Door, my /enfible
piece of Matter bow'd very low:
The next Day I enquir’dthe Person's
Name, and foundhimwortha Plumb

anda Half. ~

When. I was pretty far advanced
— © in the Strand, .1 happen’d to make a
{top near a Book-/eller’s Shop, and felt
a powerful /ucurvation of my FVirga 5
but being amused at that time with .
some other Thought, I was afraid
that some rich Fellow had pass'd by
me unoblerv’d; I therefore proceed>
ed as far as Facob Tonfon’s, where
» + perceived a second Twitch under my
Cloak; and, flinging it aside, observed
with PMafure the Head of my Stick

*¢ Pointing. toa parcel of Books, where.

© | read on the Backs among others, the

Names of Stakz/pear, kletcher, ‘my

great.

36 Censor. N? 5.

reat Anceftour Fobnfon, and some

Afoderys whom 1 shall forbear to

two, I found -he had' an Estate left.
him that very Morning by a deceas’d »

mention. ThisExperiment made me

go bick again to try, if I could find
the meaning of my sir; and I then discover'd
that Daniel Browne had made
a fine Penny by old Books,.my Wand

paying him the fame regard it had.

done to Mr, Toujon.. ,.
At Zemple-bar fell in with a Clergy-man
whom.I had known formerly

sat the University: we went into aCoffee-Hou/é
to drink a Dith of Zea, and

were no sooner fat down,’ than my
piece of was thewing its Re/pedts
to him; uponasking him a Que/sion or.

Relation. I look’d with some Attention
on ‘the Signatures of his Face,
and began, to prefage something better

to him from Futurity. However, .

[ would not depend upon my Skill
in Phyfiognomy, knowing a better
Staff co trust to; and it was not
long after that .being in Company
with the. fame. Person upon a Motion
offmy and, I ventur’d to with him
Joy of the TwentyThoufand Pound Prize:

which, upon Computation, we tound

The Censor. -37).

to be about Three Minutes after it.
was drawn. 1 decline making
Observations too numerous, and
not tell you how many fine Beau's 1
met without Six Pence intheir Pockets,
what Shops I saw filled with

Goods without Five Pounds -in the

Ga/b-Box: nay, where L beheld Money
paying, and Bi//s exchanging, and yet

the Maffer in reality a Bankrupt.

Bur | mutt not omit ‘a very odd

xperiment which I made near the
Riyal- Exchange. . | had placed my self
in che Angle of a Coffee- Room near anold
Fellow dress'd ina Suit of. turn’d
Mourning, who was {moking his Pipe

over a Dith BF Sage Jez; when upon

a sudden I perceiv’d such a violent
Tendency of my Wand towards him;
that I could hardly keep it in my
Hand. Upon Examination I tound
it incurvated almoit to the degree of a
Semi-Circle; 1 with’d my self one of
his Relations from the bottom of my
Heart, and soon was confirmed in the

Truth ofmy Observation, by the Re-

{pect all the Company that’ enrer’d
the Room pay’d to so valuable a Per~

© | shall give, you on other occasions

a farther Account of my Success, and
only desire the Favour of you to hand

my Di/coveries to the Publick, if you |

judge them. becoming-the Dignity
of your Office. For my own

Part, [neither expect a Statue from

my generous Countiy-men tor my /n-

veution, or Aefire a Patent for the /o/e

making and vending al] divining Wands
for the Uic of thele Aingdoms; but

you know, Sir, that some Reward
or Respect is due to me, as well as the |

Difcoverers of the Longitude, and the

Contrivers of the Beech-mafi

‘© My Ambition does not reach very
high, and theretore I thall humbly
propole it to your Consideration, .and
itand by the Award of your Judgmenr;
I have long had afecret Affection for

a Merchant's Daughter in the City,
and the only difference between us 1s,
that he is worth Four/core Thousand

Pounds,and 1 ama poor Virtuo/o. Now I
have lately discover'd by the Assistance
of my Wand, that, he will Jose Fwenty

Thousand Pounds, by trutting it in

a certain Per/son's hands whom he miitakes

for a /ubjlantial Citizen: All .

that I desire is, that, upon my naming

the Aan, he shall draw out his —
Moncy

The Censor. Ns.) N

N’ 5. The C ENSOR. 39

“© Money, and give itme with his Daugh-
ter for the Merit of the Di/covery,

which isworth the Money; youknow,
toa Farthing. This is my Proposal,
“© and I desire you would determine be- |
tween him and

Your Humble Servant, ? vs
Nicholas Talifinan.
P..S. To prevent the fruitless Enqui- .
ries of the Curious, I assure them that
my Hand is not made of that Wood
which Pliny recommends for that Pur«
pose, from a Recipe of an Egyptian Philosopher;
and that the Stick which Cardan
makes such a Noise about, is good
for nothing that I know of, but to
make the Handle of a Goach-whip.. T

Friday, |

N: 6. Friday, April 22. |

fi qui agrotet quo morbo Barrus. baberi

Ut cupiat Formo/us: eat quacumgue Piellis

Injiciat curam quarend: fingula: quals

Sit facie, sara quali, peie, dente, capillo :

Sic qui promuttit. civers surbem fibi cura,

Imperium fore, ¢> Italian. delubra Deorum;
patre ignota matre inhoneftus,
Omnes Mortales curare, quarere cogit. Hor,

THO I am but lately set up for an-

Author, yet I find my self already

so considerable as to be enquired after

by the curious Part of the World; who

have sent me Letters, some to
their Approbation of my Cen/orfbip, and

some to direét me in the Execution of
my Office. Thete I value as other People

Honorary Degrees, or the Teftimonials

of foreign Litterati; and which, according
to the manner of the Learned,
I (hall have Recourse to whenever m
Reputation is attack’d by any infolent
Modern at Home. They are at present
but a dead Stock, but the Time may
come whenthey may bea faleable Com-

N° 6. The Cr NSOR.

modity 3 or, as my Friend Horace

they are asa Sword at Peace within the
Scabbard, which it must be. either Folly,

or Vanity to draw, when there is no -

Appearance of Danger. : A Taste however
of their Correipondence, without

descending to all, Particulars, may

be improper ; that my Reader may judge
of what Importance it is for a Man to
assume a publick Charaéter, and how

difficulr.a Task to cucharge® with Safe~\.

ty and Honour.

Not a few of my Cortefpondents are:

very inguificive after my Right and Title

to the venerable Name I bear, and i- -
magine it would be a great Satisfaction

to my Readers, if I should prefentthem

~ with a Family Piece, or, as the Heralds

term it, a Genealogical Tree of my Pedigree;.advising
me not to forget those

Accidents which happen in ancient

l’amilies, and which that of the

/on’s has been as fubje& to as any Line

since the Congueff. One ‘among thereft
is exceedingly pleased with the{Lackinei,
as he calls it, of both my Names ;

and bleffes himself with a double Figure |

of Rhetorick,————what ? Ben, and Fobnfon

too! 1 am obliged to him for the —

kind Prefages he makes upon this Occa- .

sion,

sion, but must own that I can’t-deterwhether
my Cériffian Name was
given me ‘trom a Dream of my Mother's,
or with a View of future Profit from a
Rich Benjamin, who was my God-father.
I -may -perhaps,at an Hour of more
Leisure, indulge my own Vanityin an-
{fweiing my Correspondents Detfires.; and

set foith all the temarkable Paffuges be-~

to our Hou/e and Name, which

I believe ‘may prove an agreeable Entertrainment:
Andto fatisty Female Curiosity,

I shall not omit mentioning a
Nojfirum of my Great Aunt’s for the Preservation
of Chastity,after the Sixty Fifth
Zear, which I look upon to be as valuable
a Discovery, as any lately made
the Virtvof of this
A Second Packet ot Letters direéted
to my Printer, are filled wath- Conjecturesabout
my proper Person; and such
~ reasonable Enquiries as, who J am, where
I live, and what particular Profession I
follow. One is sure he has seen me a
Thousand Times, but can’t say poflitively
where; Another takes me for that
unaccountable Fellow who talks to every

Body in all the publick Coffee-Hou/es,and |
yet no Body knows his Name. I must |
own that I rake as much Pleasure in

réading

cry out, Well done, Dick! Which put the

N 6 The Censor. . 43

reading over these Enquiries, as a Coguet

in a Mask does with the Description

of the Charms of her Face, .and the

Importunity ofthe Gallant to reveal her |
felt; resolving, with her, to hold the

Bead fatt in my Mouth, and allow the

World to see no more of me thanwhat —

they can discover from my Air .and
Dress.. | over-heard a Fellow in a Coffee-boufe
upon reading one of my Papers

Company upon asking his Meaning, and
then he oapeen De had known me for

Twenty Years, drank with me in a

Hundred Places, and so went on. giving .
an Account of the Life and Character ©

of Oxe whom I have not the Honour to
be related to. However, the Spark was
believ’d, and every One then ewas so
modefi as to say, that they thought the

fame, but did not care for speaking of

can easily laugh at, and divert my felt
with their Impertinence and Credulity ;

Me to enter into the Disputes of W’big

it first.
These area Species‘of Mankind that I

but there is a Third fort that gives me no
little Pain. These are. the Party-Men,
who notwithstanding my Declaration to
the contrary, are continually follicitin

44 The CENSOR. 6.

and Jory, and préffing me into’the Service
of their, refpe¢tive Sides. I have.

many a Score of Lefters to this Purpose,

all fubferib’d, either with or Phi-

Joy with an additional Substantive that
declares their,Opinions more directly.
than all Hey say in their Letters. One
tells me, ‘Now is the Time, and his Opposite,
that the may come; some
are pleased to hint, Zhat-there are /uch
things qs Places, and some chear me up
with Bhilofophical Sentences, as Virtue
is its ovum Reward, and such notable Dilcoveiies:
A Third charges me with a
Series of Arguments, a Fourth attacksme
with Matter of Faé, and a Fifth, who -

miftrufts his own Reason, sends me Six-. |

penny-worth Of printed Conviction, not
doubting but upon the Perufal I muftbe
a Convert to his Opinion. Others pre-
tend to predict strange things from the.
common Acciderits and Operations of

Nature, advising me to fall in withthat\ |

Side, which Heaven seems to declare for ;

every one taking upon him to interpret |

the Skies in his own Favour. |
I shall wave answering the Demands
of thefeGentlemen, and only,in Refpec&
of the last, give them the Opinion of a
far beter Judge than my self, which I
would

N 6. The CENSOR. 45
would have my Readerd take fasting, an
Hour before the Ecliple begins.
LT have omitted, says Sir William |:
Temple in- his History;.of William the
Coigqucror, * the Accounts and Remarks
« wherein some Wriccrs have. bufied
their Pens of strange Comets, Inclemencies’
of Seasons, raging Diteafes,
or deplorable Fires,” that are said to
have happen’d inthis Age, and Kingdom;
and are represented- by some
© as a Judgment of God upon this King’s
Reign: Because I rather esteem them ;
Accidents of Fate or Chance, such as.
‘{ happen in one part or other of the
World, perhaps intevery Age, at some
certain Periods of ‘ime, or from -
forme Influence of Stars, or by the
con{piring of some} natural or casual
Circumiftance ; and/neither argue the
Virtues or Vices of| Princes, nor serve
for Example, or Inftruétion to Pofterity,
which are tHe great Ends-of Hi- +

“© story, and ought tq be the chief Care
oF all Hilttorians, =

given, or they can never be Judges of |

N 7.~ Monday, April 25.

Ral co worcestajor,-

I profefs'd, at my first setting

out, to have a particular Regard to
the Stage, I shall (whenever difpos’d to
re of this kind) consider it with
Relation to the Merits or Defaults of
the Pieces perform’d, or Per/ons performing
them. By which Method I
shall have it in my Power, to entertain
the Town with the Beauties or Detects
in. /Vriting, as well as the Graces or Impertections
in Aion.
I consider Tragedy and Comedy as Two
Opposite Glafes, in which Mankind may
see the true Figures they make in every
important or. trifling Circumstance of
Lite: Indeed they must look with impartial
Eyes to profit by the Reflections

N 7. . The Censor. 4
the Charms or Inelegancies that make
up their Composition:. If they will be
purposely blind or negligent, their Pa/-
fions, like their will hang undecently
on them, however often they. may.
frequeng the Theatre. The peculiar Pro-
vince of Tragedy is to refine ouy Souls,
to purge us of those Passions that hurry
usinto Misfortunes and correét those Vit
ces that. make us incur the Wrath of
Heaven, and Condemnation of our Fels:
low-Creatures. The Influences of
medy are of alighter Nature; her Aim
being only to diveft us: of Follies and
Impertinences, which may fomertimes
make us obnoxious to dium, but often
render us Obj Ridicule. As the
Task of the. is much the Nobler,.
as well as of most Consequence i in Life,
shall for the Generality’make my Obfers
vations on this Parr allicable Poetry,
My Purpole at pic sent is the Examination
ofa Tragedy of Shake/pear’s,whichg .
with all its Defeéts and Irregularitiés, has
{till touch’d me with che strongest Compassion,
as well in my Study, as on the
Stage: I mean that, which bears the —
Stile of the True ‘and Ancient Hifory of
King Lear. Lintend not to charge it with
those Errors, which all this Author’s
Plays

48 The CENSOR. | N° 7

Plays lic under, thro’ his Keine unac-

quainted with the Rules of riffotle,and

the Tragedies of the acients ;
view it on the beautiful Side,to remark
the Propriety of Lear's Character, how
well it is supported throughout all the
Scenes, and what Spirit and Elegance
reigns in the Language and Sentiments.

For the Satisfaction of my Zemale Rea-
ders, and that my Critici/ms may de{cend
to them with more Pleasure and Familiarity,
I will draw upan Abftraét of the

real Story of this Tragedy as it stands in

our Old Briti/o Hittory.
Abovea Thowfand Years before the Invasion

and Coriqueft ofEnglandbytheNormans,
Reign’d Lear, who had only Three_ |. |

Daughters,and no Male Ifiue. After along
and laudable Pofeffion of the Realm, failing

thro’ Age, hedetermines to beitow |

his Daughters, and so among them to
divide his Kingdom. Yet first to try
which of them lov’d -him best, (a Tryal
that might have made him, fa ays Milton,
had he known as ‘wiicly -how to ty,
as he-seem'd to know how much the
trying behov’d him;) he resolves a

simple Resolution, to ask them olemos |

ly in Order; and which of them thould

profels largest, “her to believe. Gonorilly

but to |

the Eldest, apprehending too well her
Father's Weaknets, answers with Prote-

The Old Aing, over-joy’d that she so

highly honour'd his declin‘d Age, gave ©

N°’ 7. The CENSOR. 49 i,

her to Wife to the Duke of Albany, and

with her a Third Part of -his Realm.

The Success of Gonorill’s short Compliment

was ample Instruction to Regan,

the Second Daughter, what to say. She.
{pares no Proteitations to her Reply,

and with Vehemence of Phrase assures
him, that /be lov’d bim above all Creas
so receives an equal Reward

with her Sister. Coerdei/ja the Youngcft,

(or Cordelia, as our Poct.calls heér,)
tho’ hitherto a Darling with her Father,
and tho’ in humouring his Infirmity she
forefaw the Advantage of a few {mooth
Words, and knew the Danger and Loss
of plgin Dealing, moves not from the
solid Purpose of a sincere and virtuous
Answer: Futher, says she, my Love towards
you is as my Duty bids; what

Should a Father [eek, what can a Child:

promise more? They, who pretend beyond

this, f:tur. The Old Man, withing -
her to these Words, and express

her Affeétion with more Complailance,

could not prevail with her to foregoher)
D oincerity

{tations, That she lov'd, bim above her Soul.

50 The Cen sor. N
Sincerity; but,exafperatedwith the Plainhim

to his Second Daughter; butthere

ness of her Speech, discarded her at once

from his Bosom, a’nd-any Share in his

Love or Dominions. Thedouble'Charms
of ker Virtue and Beauty made so strong
Impressions on the Heart ofa Prince in
Gaul, to whose Bed her Father had'once
deftin’d her, that, nothing alrer’d from
the Loss of her Dowry, he courts her
Consent to become his Wife, and pladly

receives her to his Armsin such manner

as she was sent him. Lezr, more

and more drooping with Years, became
an eafie Prey to his Daughters and their

Husbands: Who now by daily Encroach-

ments had feiz’d the whole Kingdom ’
into their Hands; and the Old ‘Xing ‘is

put to fojourn with his Eldest Daughter,
attended only by Three/coreKnights:

Which Retinue soon ‘astoo

numerous and disorderly for continual
Guelts, is reduc’d to Thirty, Not brooking
that Affront, the Old King betakes

also Discord soon arising between ‘the

Servants of differing Masters in one Fa- —

mily, Five only are suffer'd to attend
him. Then back again he returns to
the Other; hoping that She, his Eldest,

could not but have more Pity on his

Grey

Children, began to reflect severely on t

N 7. The Censor.
Grey Hairs; but she now refuses even
to admit him, unless he be content with
Que only of this Followers. The distress'd —
Old Monarch, ftang with the Disobedience
and Ingratitude of his favour’

Rafhnefs of his Condué, the Mifapplic
tion of his Bounty, .and his Wrongs t
the tender Cordelia. The Confirmatiot
of her Words in their ungenerous U-
sage, teaches him a Lesion he fhouldl
earlier have-learnt: Now might be seen
the difference between the silent or
downright-spoken Affe€tioh of some
Children to their Parents, and the talkative
Obfequioufnefs of Others: While .
the hope of Inheritance overatts them,
and on the Tongue’s End enlarges their
Duty. Lear, to complain of his difhe~
nest Treatment, contefs the Errors his
Age had run him into, and comfort his
aficted Heart with the Wisdom of
Cordelia, takes his Journey to her into
France. She out of meer Love, without
the Suspicion of expected Reward,
at the Mefflage only of her Father in
Distress, pours out a Flood of true filial —
Tears, sends her. trusted Servantstocon-
vey him to the Court,and furnifhes him
with Attendance and State, suitable to

62. | The Cr NSOR, N° 7,
his Dignity, and Regal Charaéter. The

Generous Prince, who had made Cordelia

his Wife,‘without any Dowry more than
the Riches of he rPerfon, furrenders to
his Royal Guest, during his Abode there,
he Power and Difpotal of his whole
Dominion: permitting his Wife to go
with an Army, and reinstate her injur’d
Father on his Throne: In which Expedition
her Piety was so successful, .
that she yvanquifh’d her unnatural Sifers,
with their Dukes; and Lear again for .
Phree “Years obtain’d the Sovereignty.
To whom dying, Cordelia, with all Regal
Solemnities; gave Burial in the

Town of Leicefer, which was formerly

founded by him. _ |
This Story has taken up fomuch Room

inthe present Paper, that I muftrefer

any Remarks on the Play to my Next on
this Subjeét,, which I intend on this
Day Se’nnight. Then will Examine

how Shake/pear, by Incidents naturally

arising out of his Fable, has encreas’d
the Distress the History; wherein he
has kept up to the Tenor of it; and
how artfully he has preferv’d the Cha-
raéter of Lear, and given him Language
and Manners conformable to his record-

Conduét and Infirmities.
Wedne/day,

N38. The CENSOR. |

8. Wednesday, April

Malus, enim Cuftos Diuturnitatis metus :contraque
benevolentia fidelis est, vel ad Per-—

petuitatem. Cic. .

was an excellent good Position, ins.
one Sect of the Heathen Philolo-_

\phers, that determin’d Man a Sociable
Creature, and born for the Common Good
of his Xind. It will be much easier for
Me to cenfutt: the Degeneracy of the
and at this Maxim’s being
grown so generally out of Fashion, than
to think of working up a fallen Age.into
this commendable Stvici/fm; ot exe
tinguifhing that Narrowne/s’ of Mind

which creeps through the whole.Species,
and of restoring them to: Virtue and ©

Humanity. Would every one look on
himftif as a Member of Community, as'
design'd by Nature to thoor out into
good Offices; this ipreading Depravity

would soon be check’d, and is caion ore

vail to make us fubfervicnt to ali the

Noble Ends of our Creation. How ma- |

| $4 The CENSOR, N° 8.

ny sinking Families would be rais’d from
Ruin, if every one, that was bless'd
with a Superfluity of Fortune, would
Know himself bound in Honour and Reaffift
the Indigent? But when

en are once a sliding, we are more | °
forward to hurry them down the Hill of
Adversity, than offer our Endeavoursto
break the Fall.

This Corruption of Principles, has

split its Adherents into Two Extremes.

The one Fattion consider themselves
born only for..themselves;' the Other
lock on all the rest of the World born
for Them. The first Class is compos’d
of Churls and Mifers; the latter is made
up of the Arrogant and Tyrannick. Both.

ices owe their Original to Weaknelis;
but the Consequences of the latter.are
of the greater Fatality. For when Power
js unluckily lodg’d in the Hands of those,
who think they may put every thing in’
that they can, and, like Archt-
gmedes, toss the Globe; the World be-
~ comes the Prey of their ungovern’d Ap- |

petites, and Cruelry and Persecution are
the Rules of their Dominion _—

Yerro consider the Fears and Difqui-
etudes that have been the Portions of |
Tyrants in all Ages, and how few have |

descended

eCenson.

descended to the Shades by a dry Death,

as Juvenal terms it, it is amazing that
so many have infested the Earth, itrove

hard to climb to guilty Enfpire, and, |

when mounted, have given.a Loose to
Rage and Inclemency. What rationaé

Man would chufe to put himself in the »

Circumitances of Affluence and Supremacy,
amidét which he could neither
love, nor be belov’d by any One? Yet
such is the Lite‘of Tyrants, says Cicere;
they cannot build on Allegiance, Affection
or Fidelity ; can contract no Friendships;
but are curs’d with Power attended
with Suspicions, and eternal Anxicties.
For who can love ‘him, whom

he fears; or him, by whom he cone.

ceives himself fear'd? For those who
would owe their Establishment to Fear,
mutt of necessity dread the very Persons
whom they put under such Apprehenfions.
What a Life had Dionyfius, what
Terrors and Torments muit have perplex’d
his Mind, when he stood in fear
of his Barber’s Razor, and was fore’d.to
shave himself with hor k mbers! Whar
Satisfaétions could Alexander the Pherawhom

he lov’d in Suspicion; when his
Guards attended him nightly with drawn
D4 Swords

an taftey when he held the Conforr /

sack'd all her Chests and Cabinets, least
a Weapon thould be hidin any of them
to his Destruction!

I was naturally Ied into this Traé& of
Thought, by the Perufal of a Favourite
Greek Author, whose Epiffles have been
handed down to Potterity under the
Name of Phalari3. That he was the cruel-

left of Tyrants is as generally known, as
that a Brazen Bull was the Engine of
his Barbarities.. It appears that Demotelesy
probably.a Subjc& of Condition,
had counfell’d this inhumane Man tofer

The Censor. * N 8.

the Land free,and_resign his Power :To

which the Tyrant has reply’d iaich such
Spirit and Reasoning, that I have taken
the Pains to translate his Letter for the

Entertainment of such as cannot be entertain

d with it in the Original.

Phalaris to Demoteles.

sc] Freely pardon your Advice, De-
moteles; But you, that have never
«-aéted in an Arbitrary way, would
© perfwade me who am qa Tyrant, to
resign the Office by a voluntary
dication: Yet have not affur'd me of
«<a single Deity’s Protection, in cafe of

rds into his Bed-Chamber, and ranmy

Compliance, but have thought: - -
your own Opinion a sufficient Securi-.

ty to me, even in a Matter of -this
Consequence : Not considering that
there is much greater Hazard .in.the.

laying down thart Acquisition of such

a Government. For as it is much fas
fer for a Man in a private Station not
to aim. at Supremacy; so it is for a
Tyrant in Possession to venture out
the Game, rather than throw it up.
Upon the whole, we may make the
fameRemark on this Frame of Government,
as on the Gencral State of Humane
Nature. For fuppofing it polfible,
and that a.Man were to ‘hear

before-hand with how many certain

Difficulties, and diftra&ting Accidents
he should be affliéted through the

Course of his Life, he would never

on.these Terms consent to be bora:
So were a private Man, who had an
Itch of Power, but to have the

Plagues and Infelicities of a Tyrant’s -

Lite recounted to him, he would
skreen himself under the Shelter of a

calm Privacy, rather than venture out.
into. the Stornis of Preheminence.

And on theft Views, Demoteles, I
think it much better for a Man never

A D to

pe must act a ~ in Life,to set down in
© the private city rather than pla

« {cll'd me before F ftept into Power,

and shew'd me a Profpeé& of itsTor- [|

ments and Arixieties, I had erernally

renounc’d: all Thoughts of Domimion.
But now that, through a° -
Necessity of the Administration, FE
*¢ have incurr’d the Odium of the Multirade,

tis not in the Art of Man:to |

perfwade, or Power of the King of

Gods to’ prevail on Me to resign my

& Throne. For I am satisfied, that when
rclinquifh this Guard, I shall be ex-
, & pos'd to Misery and Indignities, from
“© the exafperated Retaliations of those,

 *@ on whom I have exercis’d the Ries

gour of my

The Censor. N°
to have been born at all; but if he

or had you butcoun- © |

Ng. The CENSOR. £9

N° 9. Friday, Aprit

Mu/fa Hor.

Md Aiionis atque Laudem maximam
fine dubio parten Vor obtinet, que primim
eff optanda deinde quecunque

rit, ea Tull. de Oratore..
M* Female I mention’d
in my first Paper as a passionate
Admirer of the Greek Language, and
she great Support of that

my self, would fain have her Breakfa?
out of Homer yelterday, on which she —
fed with a very hearty Appetite. Asthe .
Greek abounds with a Variety of Dialets,
so no Author makes use of them »
to greater Advantage than thts venerable ~
Father of Poetry; I found my Coufn
receiv’d the fame Pleasure upon bearing :
beautiful Rambling of an ofoy aso- .
ther Ladies:do from a long Trillor Qua- |

ver of Tho’ I have before
oblery

obferv'd to hae that she does not understand
a single Word of the Original, yet

Tcould not-but smile when I took No-
tice how lucky she was in her Admira- |
tion, and. the Changes of her Posture

and Paflions upon proper Occasions ; she

fluth’d with Anger and Indignarion,

melted and dyed away with a languifhing

Softnefs as the Subje& required,

humouring every Tuin. of Sentiment

and Stile with great Propriety. How

this -should come to pass in an ignorant
Person I could not easily account, ’till

upon Consideration 1 recolleéted, that
Homer commorily conveys the Imageshe |

represents to the Soul in Words that
bear anear Similitude to the Jdeas, which
help to them more forcibly on

the Mind; or, as a Modern Author exprefies

it, the Sound is fiill an Eccho to

she Sense. Beside, I my self gave: no.

small Assistance to her Raptures, for it

is. my way to read every Line with a

due Elevation or Depreflion of Voice,
to alter my Key, and vary my Accent
ina Manner exactly conformable to the
Sentiments of my Authon
But not to talk too much of my self,
when my “Task was over, I fell into
some {erious Thoughts about the Powers

9. TheCensor., 68
of Voice, and the shameful Defeéts of | ae
the Arts of /peaking and reading with Pro- —

pricty. \
remember once to haveasked askillful
Mlathematician, what Proportion he
thought the Dumb Part! of our Species
bore to those who had a free Use of the
Organs of Speech; His Reply was, That
in Men the Proportion was as One-to
Five Thousand, in Women as Que to an
Hundred Thousand , it being his Obfer- -
vation that the weaker Sex are much
more rarely deficient in the Faculty of
Speech than the Male: I can’t tell whether
it may proceed from this Rea-—
son, that those who have the greatest
Propensity to Ya/k, and the strongest.
Passions to vent by the Mediation of —
the Tongue, break through their natural
Impediments with Safe ; as the dumb
Son of Cre/us spoke upon the fecing
the Sword lifted up to destroy his Fa- -
ther. Or perhaps there may be.a certain
Providential End in it, that as every -
Creature is furnished with its proper
Arms of Defence for Self-Preservation,
in which Nature seldom errs, so the -
weaker Sex, whose chicf Powers are placed
in the Ule of this Infrument, most
rarely fail in having it perfect. And

here

62 The CEN sor; N’ 9,

here let me take Notice of one pleasing
Remark more,that tho’ it sometimes hap-
pens the Rules of Nature are trans{-

S grefs'd in other Creatures,, as it is no

~ uncommon thing to see a Bull with Four
Horns, and a Cock with Two Bilis, yet
no One has yet Recorded a Woman with
But setting aside these ludicrous Re-
fle&tions, We must own, in Juttice to
the Ladies, that they commonly excel
the Men in the Art of Speaking; that
they not only utter the Words with

more -Ease and Fluency, but cune their

Voices much more agreeably to the Sub- |
ject or Sense of what they express. The
young Gentlemen who have taken into
their Heads to mimick the Sex inother .
things of less Consideration, and adopted
half their Fashions, might have a
more cafie Pardon, it they would but
try to imitate their Graces of Speech |
and Urterance.. From the Neglect of

Faculty, how many Abfurditiesdo
we meet with in every Day’s
Conversation? Hence it proceeds, that

One shall ask you how you do; with

the ‘ame Magifterial Air ara Accent, as
an “ ticer gives the i ond of Command ;
Anorber shall beg @ Pinch of Snuff, or

N° 9. The CENSOR. 63

enquire what a Clock it.is, in the Note:

and Tone of an expiring Shepherdefs.

Dick Dimple forces a ae natural Base
quawlof an affe-—

into the difagreeable

&ed Treble. Fack Lovewell draws out .

all his Words in the Form of Sighing, ©
and makes a Preparation to melt you to
Compassion, but when He is delivered

of his Burthen, you can’t forbear Laughing.
There is the gay Mr. Trimeter-who
never opens his Mouth without a Flight
of Winged HWord:,as the Poets callthem,

which are gone past the Recovery of ©

himself, or his Hearers, and still followed
by a Second and a Third Flight, and

ou are. obliged to him for holding his
Tonnes, meerly because he is out. of

Breath. On the contrary, the infpid

Mr. Formal lets fall his Words with so
slow a Negligence as if they were not
worth picking up; they come like Dirope
thro’:a’ Sti//, and you have conceived
all that he has to. say, before he is got
into the! middle of his first Sentence.

From hence, One is always heard with |
~Uneafinefs, and the Other without

tention; The first is so far before your
Apprehension that you can’t overtake
him, and it is not worth While to stay
till che latter comes upto his Meaning.

The Faults of Reading are | not less numerous,

than those in common Speech ;:
~ the only Difference is, that a Mistake .

here does an Injury to the Thoughts of .

others, whereas the first only affects our
own. There is hardly any thing more
ungrateful to a Judicious Ear than the
Abuse of a fitte Sentiment by an unskilful
Reader, and on the other Hand it
receives a double Grace.from the Mouth
of one who gives it a proper Turn and
Empbafis. It-is very odd, what some of
Mr. Dryden's Friends have often reported
of him, that there was no Man who
read Poetry with a worse Grace than
himself, so'that a Stranger would have
hardly belicv’d him the Author of one
tolerable good Verse : To bea good Judge
and a good Composer of Mufick wih
out being able to sing well, isnot uncom-

~ mon; butthat comesnot at allup to the
Instance in Mr; Dryden. Some of ourbett
Modern Poets, whom I have the Honour
to know, repeat their own Verses witha
more nice Propriety and Delicacy, than
J think it is poflible for any other Person
to do; and I will speak it to the
Honour of our Family, that, from the immortal
Bsa downwards, we have no

Neo. The CENSOR 65

Tradition or Notice of one Yobnfon i in -
our Line, who was not very happy” in
his Elocution.

The bef way in my Opinion. to correct
the Vices and Detcéts of Utterance,

to put our Voices into a proper Tone,

and give Weight or Air to what Wwe
have to say, is to set before us the bet.

Speakers tor a Pattern. Ido pot mean

to mimick them, as some of our Under-Players

do the chief A€&tors, witha
fervile Imitation; who, for want of

knowing what is juit and beautiful, rin
rather into the Imperfections of the’ O-
riginals than their kxcellencies. ‘The
frequenting of the Téeatre willbea great

Assistance to a tolerable Ear, and Judgment;

and help to form a Man into
gracelul and pleasing Elocution.

must own, that I was not a little glad
to see the chief Parts in the Tragedy of
the Lady Fane Grey so well dr! ‘posed,
and suited to the Aétors; ! think Mr.
Elrington deserves a peculiar ommenda-

tion, nor do I question but he will

come up to the late Mr. Powel, in the

Parts he shone in to the greatest Advantage.
I should have forbore to mention
Mr. Boath, had not I] —— t that
in the repeating one of the finest se ™

TheC Nt 1o.
in the whole Play, he exceeded himtelf

in every thing I have seen himconcern’d [|

in Jarely. It is where Guilford is furpriz’d
by Pembrook in a deep Meditation,
andthe First presses him to disco- —
ver what put him into, that Form of

Discontent 3 to which he replies,

Lhave aTbought—but wherefore [aid I one?
I have a Thoujand Thoughts all up in Arms, .

Zowns, at dead of
Night,

That mix'd i in Darkne/s buftl le to and fr 05

if were to make C

N’ 10. Monday, May 2

per extentum funem mibi posse videtur

tre Potta, meum qui petius inaniter angit,
trritat, mulcet, falfis tervoribus implet,

Ur Magus Hor.

EN Ij gave y ou ln Abthraé
the real History of King Lear
my Paper of last Mendes, F promais’d
this Day to make some Remarks on

N’10. The Censor. Aa

the Play; to shew how the Poet, by

natural Incidents, has heighten’d the Distress
of the History; wherein he has
kept up to the Tenor of it; and how
artfully preferv’d the CharaG@er and Manners
of Lear throughout his Tragedy.

How far he has kept up to the Tenor
of the History, mott properly come
first under Consideration; in which the
Poet has been just, to great Exactneds.
He has copied the -4mnais, in the Partition
of his Kingdom, and difcarding ©
of Cordelia; in his diternate Monthly
Residence with his two Eldest Daughters,
and their ungrateful Returnsof his _
Kindness; in Cordelia’s marrying into
France, and her prevailing with her
Lord for a sufficient Aid to restore her -
abusd Father to his Dominions. Her
Forces are fuccefstul over those of her
twvo unnatural Sisters; but in some Particulars
of the Catzfrophe, the Poet has
given himfelfa Liberty to be Master of |
the Story: For Lear and Cordelia areta- .
ken Prisoners, and both lying under —
Sentence of Death, the latter is hang’d.
in the Prison, and the former breaks his
Heart with the Affliction of it. ;

come now to speak of those Inci=

dents, which are struck out of the Sto- |

The Cer or. ‘to,

and introduc’d as fubfervient to the

A&tion: To examinc their Force.

and Propriety, TIT must first confule the
~Poet’s Aim in the Play. He introduces

a fond Father, who, almost worn gut

with Age and Infirmity, is for transfér-
ring his Cares on_ his Children; who

+ difa ppoint the Trust of his Love, and

poffeis'd of the Staff in their own Hands,
contemn and abuse the Affection which

it. Hence arise two practical

Morals; the first a Caution againit Rath
and Unwary Bounty ; the fecondagaintt

the base Returns and Ingratitude of Chil- |

dren to an Aged Parent. The Errorof
the firtt is to be painted in such-Colours
as. adapted, to Compassion; the Batene

of the latterfet out in fucha Light, ,

s proper to Detcftation. To impart a

Distress to Lear's. Sufferings,

ake/pear has given him two Friends,
Kent, and Gloucefler; the one is made a

difguis’\d Companion of his Afflictions,
the other loses his Eyes by the Command
of the Savage Sisters, only for in-—
terceeding withthem for a Father, and

i acting | inhis Favour: The good old King

is, by the Barbarity of hi Dau Pi
forc'd to relinquish their Roof at Night,

and in a Storm. Never was a Deicrip- |
tion

son wrought up with a more Master-
ly Hand, than the Poet has here done
on the Inclemency of the Season; nor
could Pity be well mov’d from a better

Incident, than by introducing a poor;
injur’d .old Monarch, bare-headed in.

the midit of the Tempest, and tortur’d

Nico. The Censor, 69

even to Diftraétion with his Daughters

~Ingratitude. How exquifitely fine are
his Expoftulations with the. Heavens,
that seem to take part againit him with
his Children, and how artful, yet natural,
are his Sentiments on this Occasion !

tax not yous ye Elements, with Unkind-
I never gave you Kingdoms, call’d you Chiidren
>. | |
2ou owe meno Sub{cription:—Then let fall

horrible Pleasure——Here I land your
A poor, infirm, weak, and defpis'd Old

But yet L call you fervile Ministers,

That will with Two. pernicious Daughters

join
Your high-engender’d Battles ’gainft a Head
50 Old and White as this. O! O! "tis foul.

The Censor. N? to.
What admirable Thoughts of Morality

and Instruction has ‘= put in
of the Thun.

Mouth, on the Growling
der ‘and Flathes of the Lightning! |

the Great Gods,

That keep this dreadful Potber oer our
Find out their Enemies now. Tremble thon —

Wretch,

bloody Hand,

Thou Perjur’d, and thou Simular of Virtue

That art
And afterwards inthe following Speech,

Thou thinke ft much that this C ontentious

Storm
Invades us to the Skin so, &e:

when the Poet. once work'd

the Minds of his Audience to a full
Compaifion of the King’s Misfortunes,

to givea finishing Stroke to that Paffi- |

on, he makes his:‘Sorrowsto haveturn’d
his Brain: In which Madneis, I may
venture to say, Shake/pear has wronghe
such and so true a Knowledge

Who baft within thee undivulged Crimes,
Unwhig'd of Fuftice. Hide Thee, thou

CASE

Jedge of Nature, that he has ‘never yer
nor ever will be equall’d in it by any
~~ succeeding Poet: It may be worth observing
that there is one peculiar Beauty

in this Play, which is, thatthrough- .
out the whole the fame Incidents which -
force us to pity Lear, are Incentives to_

our Hatred against his Daughters.

The two Episodes of Edgar and Bde
mund are little dependant on the: Fable,

(could we pretend to pin down Shakefpear
to a Regularity of Plot,) but thac

the Latter is made an ‘Instrument ofen- |

creafing the Vicious Charaéters of the
Daughters, and the Former is to punith
him tor the adulrerous Passion, as well
as his Treachery and Mifufage to Glonce-
fler; and indeed in the last Instance, the

Moral has some Conneétion to the main

Scope of the Play. That the Daughters
are propos’d as Examples of Divine Vengeance

against unnatural Children, and
as Objetts of Odiam, we have the Po- |

et’s own Words to demonstrate; for
when their dead Bodies are produc’d on
the Srage, Albany says,

This Judgement of the Heav’ns, that makes

us tremble,
Touches us not with Pity

72 The Censor. WN 7.
As to the General Abfurdities of Shake-

spear in this and all his other T ragedics, 7

1 have nothing to say; they were owing
to his Ignorance of Mechanical Rules and

the Conttitution of his Story, so cannot.
come under the Lath of Criticism ; yet

if they did, I could without Regret
pardon a Number of them, for being

so-admirably loft in Excellencies. Yet |

there’is one which without the Know-

edge of Rules he might have correéted,

and that is in the Catafropbe of this
Piece: Cordelia and Lear ought to have

furviv’d, as-Mr. Yate has made them in
his Alteration of this Tagedy ; Virtue:

ought to be rewarded, as well as Vice

punish'd; but in their Deaths this Moral
isbrokethrough: Shake/pear has done
the fame in his Hamlet; but permit me

make one in his Defence

his Uncle on his Hands, Blood will have.

there; that Hamlet having the Blood of
Blood, as the Poet has. himself express'd

va in Mackbeth.

I mutt conclude with some short Remarks

on the third thing propos’d,
which is the Artful Preservation of Lear’s

.~ Charaéter ; had Shake/pear read all that
Aviftotle, Horace, avd the Criticks have .

wrote on this Score,he. could not have
wrought

Noto. Zhe Censor.

wrought more happily He proposes to
repreient an Old Man, o’er-gone with
Infirmities as well as Years; One who >
was fond of Flattery and being fair spoken,of

ahot and impetuous Temper, and
impatient of Controul or Contradiétion, .
His Fandnefs of Flattery is fufhciently
evidenc’d in the’ parcelling out
his Dominions, and immediate difcarding
of Cordelia for not striking in with
this Frailty of. his; His Impatience of
being contradicted appears in his Wrath
to Kent, who would have diffwaded him

from so rash an Aétion.

——Peace, Kent;

Come not between the Dragon and his Wrath:

I low'd her most, and thought to set my Refs

On her kind Nursery. Hence, and avoid
my Sight ;

So be my Grave my Peace, as here I give

Her Father’s Heart from ber.

The fame Artful Breaking out of his .
Temper is evident on Gonoriil’s first Affront
to him in retrenching the Number
of his Followers. There is a Grace -
that cannot be conceiv’d in the sudden
Starts of his Paflion, on being controul’d;

The Censor. N°’ to,
and which best shews it felt in forcing:

Ustoadmire ir. ,

Lear. What, Fifty of Followers ataClap?
Within a Fortnight?
Alban.—Wbat'’s the “Matter, Sir ?
Lear. tell thee; Life and Death.
am afbam'd,
That thou haft Pow'r to foake my Man. |
«hood thus;
That these hot Tears, schich break from
me perforce,
Should make Thee worth ‘them: Blafi
and Foes upon thee!
Th'untented H oundings of a Father's
Pierce ev'ry Sense about thee! &c.

I cannot fufliciently admire hisStruggies
with his Tefly Humour, his-seem-.
ing. Desire. of restraining it; and the

Force with which it refitts' his Endeavours,

and flics out intoRage and Imprecations;.
To quote Instances of half
these Beauties, were to copy Speeches

of every Scene, where Lear either

is with his Daughters, or difcourfing of
them. The Charms of the Sentiments,
and Difljon, ave too numerous to dome

under the Observation of a single Paper ;

and will better be commended, when

introduc'd occasionally, and least expeéted.
ednefaur.

The Censor.

Near. Wednesday, May 4.

~ St Nu Ala, % Lope
At. Za. As. ven ids,
Ea. Ara’ ev Te weds. Ot.
24. Kai ope, vi Ate, Snetoy
Ab 745 Za. dS tavtodardv yar vive),

Arifto; h. in Rane

T* HERE seem to be a certain Sett
of unhappy Pre-possessions peculiar
to the lower Part of Mankind, which
being drawn in with their Milk, and

convey’dto them sooner than their Let~ |

ters, never forfake them even till they

bend upon the Stick, and pore thro”
SpeStacles. Such are the Notions of -
Fairies, \Demons, Spetires, the Powers of |

natural Mugick, and the Terrors of Witchcraft;
all which they. entertain with 2
positive Confidence of their being true,
and. what isworfe, make them’'a Part of

Religion it self: so that a Wife Man.
would find it a’ Matter of no {mall Difficulty

to cut off this. Branch of Supertition
from their Minds, without do-

The C ENSOR, Norn

ing an Injury to the Stock they graft ir |

upon, and removing the bejt Principles

of Happiness at the fame time with the
worst and most fruitful of Miferies. Nei-.
ther can-we say that this Evil is confined

to the: Under and less polite Part of ©
the World,it has {pread from the Cottage
to.the Farm, from the Farm to the

Squire's Hall, and, like the imaginary
Tortures it represents, tho’ it moit freqguents

Scenes of Ruin and Spots of Dark-:
ness, yet it sometimes glares in open
Day, and haunts the better Breasts of

Learning and:Education. It is Matter for

our Wohder that People of Sense should
indulge the Garrulity of Nurses and Ser-
¥ants, which are the Vessels this Spirit

resides most powerfully in, and faffer —

them to convey these ridiculous .Horrors

to their Children, which often take

so firm a Poffeflion of their younger
Heads, that no future Powers of Reason
andReligion are able to banith them;
but, like some Hereditaty Diftempers in
the Blood,they may be indeed abated by ©
wholesome Prescriptions, but can never.

be eradicated; and will certainly break :
forth anew, when they are most dangeyous,

ai the decline! of Age...

CAsc|

Nort. The Censor.

I fancy every Man may find a Bigot
ofthis Kind within the Circle of his Acquaintance,
and, for my own Part, I
know too many to be unconcerned at

the Growth ofa Folly, which creates —

so much Uneafinefs in the Soul, and fills
ic with Legions. of foreign Fears, which

have no Foundation in Nature, or'Rea- ~

son. Should a Stranger of found Sense,
of one who had no Notion of the

Prevalence of this Evil, be resented

with a-faithful Catalogue of all the Believers
in Spirits and Incantations, within

the Kingdom of Great Britain, he .

might be inclined to fufpeét that the

greater Part of the Nation were yet un=

converted to Chriffianity, and under the
Tyranny of a Pagan Priest-bood.. To
give only a few Instances of what has

fell within the Compass of my own Ob+

fervation.

have frequently had Twent Vou |

chers at one time for the real Cause of
the Fairies Ring in a Country Meadow,
~who have aétually seen those diminutive

Beings tripping in their circular Dance,
and would, for bp

Ken their Vaths of it before a Suffice of
the Peace. I own that I could norial-
low my {elf to accept of this way of

E:3. Proof;

Conviétion, have ta-

| 78 $$$‘kTThe Censor.
Proof; but they, good People,
preted that only as if had been ashamed
to recant.
remember a poor Country-Girl at
Friend Squire Goflin’s, who suffer'd
under the Persecution of these little
ae Demons for not cleaning her Dairy, as
much as Sir Jobn Falfaff did by their
Subftirutesin Windjor- Park. The Marks
were so visible, and the Truth so un-
disputed, that! had like to have affronted
the whole Family only by saying, that I
thought the Jmpreffions a little too large
for the Hand of a Fairy. cones Coe
ge,, There is a very grave Gentleman of
Acquaintance, who has seen some
Hundreds of Spirits ; The Man seems to
be in his right Senses,and like the M/adman
mention’d by Horace, performs e-
very Office of Life with Decency; but
you touch upon this Subjcét he
runs riot, and can’t bear the least ‘Contradiction..
He is naturally Phlegmatick,
and when I once asked him with a>
gpwave Face,’ after much Attention to his
Stories, at what Times they generally‘
appear’d to him, his Reply. was, / /ec
them mofi commonly, after the drinking of
Brandy. This was enough for me, and.

The CEN SOR.
I beg my Reader not to think it a Pun,
for it is really ~
The worthy caffo, who has the
true Spirit of Religion, and good Sente,
has often ‘related to me his Successes
attacking this superstitious Humour a-
mong his Neighbours in the Country.
There was, it seems,a Devz/, or at least a
Spirit or two who had taken Possession
of some of his Tenants Houses for many —
Years ; where they took the Privilege of
disturbing the Family with all manner of
Noiles, vatling of Chains, clattering of
Pewter, and in thort flinging the House out
of. the Window, as we say, whenever
they pleased. ‘They sometimes made
Excursions into the adjacent Common,
and kept their Revels by a Ditch-/idey
or under an O/d Oak; and were Demons
of such considerable ligure and Standing,
that-they were thought too hard
for either’ Minifer or Conjurer. ‘How-—
ever, my Friend prying the miserable
Credulity of his Neighbours, .firit difpoffeffed
them of the Hiou/es, then pursued
them to the Common, and.at last beat
them quite out of the Pavifh. ‘Tho’ the .
People will not be perfwaded but that they
are lodged in a great Wood, about a Mile
and half Distance from Acaffo’s Seat ; and
E 4 thar

often repeating the Tryal, and reasoning

thar they: will begin their Incurfions as -

soon. as he leaves the Country. However,

my Friend intends, to begin ‘his
Attack upon the Old Wood the
vourable Nioon-shine Night, and does not
gueftion but he thal! compleat his Tri.
umph betore the Summer is over. His
Method was,to take the Pains to Convince
them by w atching himfeit at ‘the
pretended Se. dons of Dit lurbance, and
his Presence so effectually ‘awed their

Imaginations sy thatthey ttarited no Aformo’s

while he was with them; and by

kindly with them upon 'the- Subje@, he
worked to the Bottom of the Deiufion, |
and delivered them from all] the Mon- :
fters of their own Formation.

1 was led imto these Reflections, by

Feading a very ridiculous. Book lately

published :' The Title of it is, Mr: Lil-

History of his Life agd Timesywhere
that notorious Impottor has put together

all the idle Fancies of whimsical or
cunning People, under the Notion of

an Art, or Science.

The Fellow relates the Cheats of his
Profefiion with the Formality of Truth, |
and I don't question bur thar they will |

pals for such upon the Vulgar, since

it. TheCensor. 82
they fall in with their natural Prejudices.
And therefore when hefays,that
Sarah Skeloorn the Speculatrix,. had the
bet Eves for the Second Sight that ever he
Jaw, he will certainly be believ’d; becaule
it is a receiv’d Maxim with the

Ignorant, that every one has not the Faculty
of discerning Spirits, and future -

Contingencies. I should not have faken

Notice of this filly Book, had not.
I found that the Tricks of sudicial Afivo~

logy are prattis’d at present with great
Advantage to their Professors; that many
Ladies haveas high an Opinion of the
Dumb Doftor as of the Great Meade, and

that Partridge js daily preferr’dto theimmortal

Sir J/aac Newton.

Norn Friday, May 6.
Meacenas adduxerat Umbras.

there are abundance of People

who live without any Wic at all,

so there are Numbers who may be proe
perly laid to live by their Wits; These

may be sorted into many different Cla/- —

82 The Cewstr. N° 12,
fesy shall iforbear doing that at
present, and only take Notice of
particular Character of this Species of
Mortals, whichis the Umbra whom Abrace
mentions in the Verse I have set at
the Head of my Paper.
~The Umbra, or Shadow of a great Man,
is one who is always at the side of the
Person| you may call his Subfance; He
has no Being, Motion, or Will of his
own, but exists meerly as a Shadow by
Reflection from another. Body; and as
soon as the latter falls, the Shadow eii}.
ther vanishes, or is translated to some
i other Subfance, on which his Being and
Aétions have the fame Dependance as —
before. This is the ftri€t Notion of the
Word, and as the. Romans uled to apply
it: The Shadow therefore was a Part of
the Equipage of the Man of Figure;
'» when he went to the Yheatre, tho’ a
Man aof moderate Size,his Shadow might
lengthen to an. Hundred Foot; whentro
an he might look round
the Room, and fce fcarceany thing but
Refleétions.of his own Person; but if
to his Country-Seat, the Shadow mutt
necessarily follow; or the Subfance it self
suffer a considerable Diminutign.

Mele

The Cewson. 83
Among the Romans every one so well

understood the Nature of this Greature’s.

Existence, that he claimed as great a
Privilege of Admittance to Assemblies,

Sports, Feafts and Visits, .as.ghe Lord

himfelt; and had an indifputable Right
to his Share of every Entertainment,

Some of these Umbra’s, by the longRelation
they have born to the Body, have —
taken off good part of the cumbersome
Matter, and begun themselves to thic- -

ken into Subffance, and short Shades

of their own; and by Degrees ee
to the Bulk and Measure of the Sabfanie,

from which they at first borrow’d their _

But to forbear going fartheruponthe
Metaphor, the Character couched under'it
is what we every Day see in all»

great Families. It is not material how
the Dependance at first began, whether
trom distant Relation, casual Discourse,

friendly Recommendation, or officious

Importunity; sufficient it is, that the

('mbra’s in all Ages have been considerable

enough to. deserve Observation’
They may, as far ‘as I know, put in as

faira Title toa Seéf,as the Flatterers: OF

which Guatho in Terence very humours
oufly says he would institute a een

and call them, according to the manner

of the Philosophers, after hisown Name. |

~The Shadow may be defined to be,an
obfeguious, pliable Animal, who is in
constant W aiting on aPerfon of Eminence,
without .any fixed Salary; His continual

Nearnefs to the Patron, he would .

recommend himself to, makes those. who
donot know him, fancy him of some
Importance; and he very. often gains a
Credit with Inferiors which is neceffz

to support him, before he has made a-
ny Impressions upon the Great Man he

would be thought to serene upon. He
never leaves his Attendance without

a Merit of it, by picking
some favourable News which he is sure
will please ; or by employing himself in

some little unexpected Services, which
he hopes wil! be returned. with greater.

He is the happiest Creature inthe World,
when he can approach near enough to

whisper, or 1s called out from a Croud

in a Levee to be whilfpered to: A con-: ©
tal Smile dwells upon his: Face, and
an easy Complacence attends his whole ~
Carriage, till he has work’d his Interest
toa height sufficient to fland one Frown,

and ‘bear up against his Compctirors.

Whenhe can’t enter into the first Com- |

N° 12. The Censor. 85

pany, you see him bowing to all who
come in pretending Bufinets, and he és
very sorry he can’t be so happy as to make
One with bis Grace. He is always seen
thrufting close behind the Patron at Court,
receives Refpcé& from all the |
ferior Ofhieers about it. Inthe Church he
takes care to place himifelf in the View
of the Eye he most regards; and watches
the Minute of meeting the last oblique
Look, which he improves into
the Honour of a Bow. He can repeat
a Catalogue of all his Patron’s Acquaintance,
and has enter’d deep enough in-
to their Charaéters to make them of
A Shadow of this Make soon becomes -
reat enough to set up for himself, and
Ps inferior Umbra’s of his own, who
work up by the fame Method -in their ©
respective Subordinations. as he himself
uled; while he still has the Direéion of °
the great Body, and proportions their
several Shades as he pleases. It has often
happened in the Course of Things, that
a Creature of. this fort at last becomes
neccflary to a great Man; and he can no
more quit him. than he-caria Part of
himfelt, which by his constant Adhe
rence he may be said to be. |

fferent

86 The Censor.

Different from. this, there are fevera} |
other kinds -of Shadews, or Retainers to
the Great; whoie Relation.commences
from a more generous Principle. These

are those to. whom he 1s continually

stretching the liberal Hand, relieving
their Wants, or bettering their Fortune, |

and enlightning their Obscurity with

Rays of Bounty and Munificence. The -

Business of these Re/atives is the Returns

of Praise and Gratitude, the good Wishes

of an overflowing Heart, the kind
Remembrances of a faithful Head, and

the secret Prayers of a pious Mind. The

Noble Verus enjoys this Happiness in
the highest Measure, tho’ he knows:

the least of it; The Good which he

featters rises up in a plentiful Harvett
of Glory; he is honoured in distant
Kingdoms, and bieffed in Regions that -
he never saw. By him the Widow’s
Heart, in the Phrafejof the sacred Pages,

sings with Rapture, the Orphan's ‘Tear
_ 4s dried, and the Prisoner's Groans are

ftifled. ‘This indeed is the true and proper

Ule of Greatness, and makes even
popular Applause fair and innocent. .

But I mutt not dwell now upon this

Subjedt, finge ] have designed a diftinét

2 Dilcourfe

Noi. The Censor.

Discourse to recommend and shew it _
inallits Luftre. | |
The last kind of Shadow I thall men- -
tion, is, the Man of Learning, Wit, or
Humour; who without seeking has.
worked: into the Bosom of the honett
Patriot, the brave Leader, or the gene- -
rous Maecenas. It is the Pleasure of the
Patron that makes him his Companion
in Business, Society, or Retirement ;
his Meals are infipid without he gives
them a Relish, his Conversation -wants
half its Life-and Spirit when he is not
there to turn it into the proper Channel
without him the Town is solitary,
and the-Country it self unpleafing. Of
such a Species was Horace to Maecenas,
and I think it is not only the best Sa-
tyr upon the People of Rome for making
him a significant Person, a Man of
State and Importance, burt the finest
Railiery upon his Patron too 4 when he
says, he was thought a Favourite of the
first State/man, only because he would
now and then take him up in his Cha-
viot, carry him to the Circus, ask him
what it is a Clock, and other Trifles of
equal Weight and Significancy. For it
1s certainly true in Nature that a@Man -
of Mecenas’s Charatter had rather —

the most trivial Question in the World

answer'd by an Horace, than any other
Person: As. if there could be a greater

Charm or Elegance in one Man than
~-another, in a matter where the greatett

Genius Could. make but the fame Reply

as a Groom, -or a Foot-man. T

Ne Moiday, May 9.

Multi (uam- Opinionem IntelleBum putavevrunt,

ervaverunt. Et quidem Opinio
pote putari Intellefus Intellettus Opinio

non poteft, Unde hoc accidit ? Profetto quia
falli poteft,ille non poteft': Aut fi falls
potuit, Intelletus non suit fed Opinio. Verus

gempe Intelleftus, ceriam habet non modo

weritatem, fed (9 Notitiam Feritatis.
S. Bernard.

Have received a Letter from alearn- |

ed but unknown Correspondent, in

Answer to my Paper of Wedne/day 1aft,

touching my general Opinion of A pparitions
Itis fill’d with Arguments of
so nice a kind, and carried on in so particular
a Chain of Thought, that, tho’

ON? The | 8%

T have.no Warrant-to give it to the Publick,
I will venture to Communicate it
as an Entertainment too good to be loft

to the World. |
Mr. Cen/for,

a Aving/read Yours on the Pre-

pofi¢flions which take place.

too frequently in the Minds of the
Vulgar, concerning Fairies, Spectres,
and the Powers of Natural Magicer
I take the Liberty of joining my Re-
marks with you in fomé Parts of it,
and of dissenting from you in Others.
T equally accule all rash Prepoffeffions
and Terrors arising faem Jmagination
or Fallacy; and am as unwilling that
Children should be bred up in an ear-
ly Acquaintance and Horror of Phan-
toms: But yet I cannot thake off Su-
perftition so far, (if my Belief must
come under that. Name,) as totally
*¢ to difallow the Existence of a Spirics
think it is-a Aegative which
© strikes fully at Religion, and implies
a great Improbability of the Re/urre-
ion. This Disbelief must neceiiarily
off the Authority of many Paffain
the Old Fefament; and ghe
‘© Sadducces, who denied a Refurrettion,
main-—

\.: The Censor: N° 13,

maintain’d God to have a Body, that
they might the better deny the Appearance
of Spefires, .or Jmmaterial

L£ffences.. You'll pardon me for men- |

tioning what, I doubt not, ‘but you |
very well know, that the £picureans
had ‘the fame Notions of their Deities.
Caffius would have fain perfwaded his |
Friend Brutus, that the Speéire, which
he saw waking of Julius Ce/ar, was
but a false Imagination: And the
learned Rabbi Moles, in latter ‘Times,

has declar’d his Opinion, that all —
which is read and recorded in the

Sacred Writings of the Apparition. of
di”scome by an Imaginary
These Instances, I confess, seem to

the Prejudice of my own Belief, yet

do not weaken it. As I am nora
Bigot to it, so neither am I capable of
being an Advocate for it; and tho’ I |
do not require Ocular Proof for my

own Confirmation, but can content
my self with an Implicit Faith of
their Existence ; yet I am far from

coming into the Ten Thoufandth .

Part of the Legends recorded in their

Favour, and fhal] only beg leave:

to continue my Sentiments, and
examine

seeing Apparitions.

examine some Causes, which have
deluded’ Men into an Imagination of
‘© Averroes has itinted his Concessions
in this Matter, he has admitted the
Appearance of a. Speftre, and deny’d

the Subffance; saying, that a Speétre is

only a Phantom conceiv’d inthe Mind,

and thence convey’d to the Exterior

Senses, by the great Contemplation
of Men who are Melancholy and

given to Speculation; whose Underttanding,

he grants to be found and
enure ; but only the Operation
thereof hurt for a Season. Indeed,
the Imagination of Men being bent
and set upon any thing by ecarneft
Speculation may. alter, and hurt a
little the Operation and Force of the
Mind and Intelleétual Faculties:; but
not so far as to cause a Man to see
any Spefires of a moving .and
Nature. There isa very great Ditference

in the Imagination which is

Internal, and the Aétion of the Senses

which are External: Nevertheless
we must agree to what Ariffotie says
of Persons sleeping, the Senses then»
do seem to move themselves by a local

Motion of the Humours, and of

gx The Censor. 13,

the Blood that defcendeth to the Or- .
gans which are Sensitive:; so that being

awaken’d, they think they {see

those very Forms and Images, which ©
they dream’d of. Thus by a false Per-:

fwafion of the Senses, not aéting in.

their full Vigour, many have labour'd
under the Fears of Apparitions. -~
But ali according to Galen,
are not to~be referr’d to the Falfity
and Deceit of the Senses and Imag)-
nation, orto Melancholy; but many |
Phantoms owetheir Rife rather to the
Subtilty of the Sight, by which Men
have perfwaded themselves that they
have {een many vain Forms and ‘Images.
Give me leave to produce one

Instance of this fort out of Cardan;

he tells us, that once in A/ilam many
were convinc’d that they saw an Angel
in the Clouds, infomuch that the
whole City was alarm’d and struck
with Fear; tillacertain Civijian, wiser
than the Generality, shew'd them

that it was not a real Speffre or Apparition

ot an Angel, which they saw,
but that the fame proceeded from rhe
Statue of an Angel, which being set
on.the Top of St. Goddard’s Steeple,
and giving an Impreflion to the Clouds,

yielded

N33. The Censok
yielded a Reflection’ t the Eyes of

{uch as had their Sigh} more sharp
and fubtile than the refl.. The Delusion
of Pythagoras w of the fame
Nature, mentioned by the Scholiaft
on. Ariftophanes, who having writ cer-

tain Words'in Blood ona Stee] Mirrour,

and plac’d the fame direétly opposite
to the Face of the Moon,. ima.

Wonderthro’ a Secret of Nature,
by making the Letters legible

on her Orb.

Iris an Old Maxim, that the Truth
of every thing is hidden from Us, and ©

that nothing can be comprehended,
but that which its false and untrue.
This Error probably deriv’d its Sou o
from Socrates, who said that all

Knowledge amounted to no nie, :

than that he was sure he knew Nothing.
But Heraclitus before him
said, that Truth was hidden in the
botrom of a Pit, whence it was never
to return to Men; and it wehave

any Knowledge at all, it is not but

in a Shadow, and by some other

Means than by our Senses, or Imagi- |

native Faculties, both which are easy:
to be feduc’d and deceiv’d. After
these Philosophers came the Academicks

5

ZheCensor.. 13.
micks; who held that the Senfeserr'd,
but that, by che Intelligence, Truth
might be discover'd,
“] believe that Spectres and ppari-
tions have loft their Credit much, by.
certain uncommon things in Nature
appearing Prodigious, and
us with equal Terrors as if we ha
seen Spirits or Phantoms; with which
$ seeming Super-natural Effects when
“° we are once acquainted, we begin to
laugh at our, own Fears, and con-
clade there can nothing happen so
strange that it ought to furprize Us:
“© There is an Instance of this extraor-
“© dinary kind, which I remember to
have read in the Younger, touch-
~S ing the Lakes of Cecubo, Reate, .and
Bajanelio; Theie Lakes have many
&. IMands, which float and move up and
with the Wind, no otherwise
than as a Shiptofs’d to and fro by the
“© Waves of the Sea. Now would not
% Persons that were to behold this Flu-
uation of Islands,.and were not pre-
© poflefs'd that it. was.a work of Na-
© ture, entertain strange Apprehenfions
in their Fantasies,.and believe they.
saw fommething. very. Prodigious and
Terrible? Nor is the Subsequent one

Nero. The Censor. 95.

“© in Plutarch of a different Stamp :
When Syila entred /taly with his Ar-
my, says He, there were seen Two.
«© Clouds or Vapours, having the form
& of Goats fighting one againit another,
& near a Mount in Campania ; which
Vapours rising from the
Earth, and -diflipating, vanithed
away, not without the great Atto-
nifhment of Sy//a and his Army. Now
the Terrors arising from these uncommon
Incidents, are deriv’d
‘© from a Delusion of Sight, but Opi-
Plata has often confounded’ the
magination and Opinjon together; but
Aristotle has not always join’d them,
© because the Imagination 1s as an Im- -
preflion; and as it were, the Tr
“© and Footitep of the Sense, and n
determinate Sentence or Refolurfn
of the Opinion and of the Sense.
The Eptcureans seem to give a very
good Resolution upon this Point,
that they "confound in One the Opi-
nion and the Imagination, and affirm
that both the Sue and the Orher
“© may.be True or False. Bur that our
perfevering Opinion (which they call
18 mot deceiv’d.

*¢ had intended to say something of Op-
ticks on this Subject; but! find -
‘© have both digrefs’ 4, and been imper-
tinent with too great a Scope:

‘6 Therefore shall conclude with the ©
“© Sentiments of St. Bernard prefix'd to

my Letter; which'are, that many

have deem’d their Opinion an. Intelleé,

6 and have been deceiv’d; And indeed the

Opinion may well be calP-d the Intellect,

byt be term’d theOpini-

on? And what isthe Reason? why, because
the Opinion may be deceiv’d, but the

Intelligence cannot ; or if it sould, it were

“< not an Intelligence but an Opinion.
“© For the true Intelleé& bath in it (elf,
not only a certain Truth, but also @ know-—
Jedge of the Truth: Excuse the Liber-

ty of this long Epiftle trom,

Tour very bumble Servant

Philalethes.

ednefday,

No 14. The CENSOR. 97

ON 4 Wednesday, Muy it.

Nulla maneve vivere carmina poffunt
Que [cribuntur aque Potoribus,—— Hor,

ie is a common Observation among
good Companions that, /uch a One
ss excellent Company, or the wittie/? Mar
living, after the Second Bottle; Others
have their Recommendation commence
later, and are reckoned as ab/ent Persons
till the Fourth or Fitth F/ask bringy
them into Company, where they exert
themselves with great Sprightlinefs, and
soon outfhine the rest of the Tabie. As
One, who-has been kept with a, fevére:,-”
Hand from the Use.ofa plentiful For- \
tune, as soon as that Restraint is remoyed,
runs into greater Lengths of Extra-.
vagance than those who have always had
a {ufficient Share: of. Wealth; { these
Sparks who come late to the Exercise of
their Wit, lay about them’ with
greater Vigour » and f{quander it away
more profulely, than those who have
been uiced to husband a regular Compe-
tency.

98 The Censor. N 144.

tency. It is the greatest “Pleasure of
Dick Sly to observe the Motions of Ned
Flasker’s Parts; which he takes care to

quicken by whilpering his Neighbour to
fill about-briskly ; “for. Ned,
coming into a Vein ‘of Mirth, and don't let

lays he, 1s

flip the Opportunity of-fevine bim ai/play

bimfcif for the Want of a Critical Bumper.

The Glass. moves, Ned catches the ferft
Subject that offers, _and diverts the w hole
Company for the. ext Two Hours. |
There are other Zopers whole Wi
partly depends upon the Wine, and
partly upon ther Time of mecting.
Some, what Quantity foever they drink,

be Merry.till the Clock is. turned
of Twelve; and Others, who have fat

in a fort ot Lethargy ail Night are roufed
inte an Air of extreme Gaicty, bya
thundering Bounce at the Zaverz<door,
and the exhilarating Voice of pa/ft Twoa

Clock. The Morning Watch-man ‘has

the jame Effeéts upon the Parts of these
People, as the liberal Glass has upon
eee their Senses, that seem'd to have |
been fled, rally at the Cai/ of the Staff,

and they seldom leave the Field without
a complete Victory. Wine, is said,
to be a great Betrayer of Servers, and i

no Cale more apparently than in this,
that

Men of reserved ‘Vempers for the Space
of many Years, withour ever fufpeétin
that they have guy thing in them, and atter
a héarty Bottle discover them to be
Wits.

Such are the Obligations one Sex has

to the Powers of this Juice, and the
Fathion of our Country does not permit
us to know whether it might not
have the fame Effeét upon Female Underftandings.
However, I can’t help
taking notice of an Observation I lately

heard in Company. with’ some Ladies;.

they were talking very civil thingsas they
usually do of their absent Acquaintances

when One of them said that, Lady Harriot
the other Day was mighty. Satyrical

after the Tenth Dish of Tea, and that Miss

Bettv, whan foe bad ever looked upon as

z pretty Piece of uninform’d Machinery, or
a Mute Puppet, after drinking Three Difbes
more {poke like an Angel; and rallied even
Lady Harriot with such a Spirit and. De-=
licacy, that foe was the Admiration of the
Company.
When I left them, I fell into a Variety

of Reflections upon this Speech ; try=

ing if I could resolve it into some natural

Cause or Reason, I began to ccnfider

Ni 14. The CENSOR. 997)

that you may keep Company with some

The Censor. N° 14.

fider that the Animal Spirits in the foster
Sex might be of a finer and more delicate

Texture, than those in the Male
Part of oyr Species; and therefore did

not require such fpirituous Liquors to

exalt them as ours do, but received that

brisk and lively Turn which difpofes the

Brain to Mirth and Wit from more gentie

and temperate Vapours. 1 was confirmed

in my Notion by considering the
different Operations of Wines upon different
Constitutions among our own Sex ;

The Middle Part of Mankind are not to
be excited to their Gaieties but by the

Strength of Port, over which a Beas
would languifh with the Head-Ach ,;
The Polite and Elegant are obliged to

the French Vineyards for al] their Humour,

and the robust Sailor {corns to be
moved to his rough Gallantries by any
Liquor that has not suffered a Diffilla-

But of all the Tribe of Wine-bibbers
none are more indebted to the Grape,
and none have been more grateful to
their Benefactor, than the Mair.

race, who was himlelf a great Lover of .
his Glass, infinuates by way of Excuse,

that it was impossible to be a good
Poet without it, and Jays it down as a
Maxim

Maxim that the Works of a Water- °

drinker mutt be as Poor and Spiritlefs a.
the Element that inspired them, and ho.

less fubje& to Corruption {mall Space
of Time. Whereas the Productions of

a Brain moderately warmed with nobler |

Juices, like the Children of Lewdnefs,

would prove Strong, and Vigorous, and
survive all the Puny Off {prings ofa rece

gular Sobriety,

The Merry Bard, in the Epifle I have

7 quoted, seems to defend his Custom by

what a Modern might call an Hereditary
Right to drinking; which hethinks
the Poetical Fraternity may claim from
the Father and Founder of the Art, tho’

he shews a little Modefly in the Point,
and does not support his Title by saying,
as some would have. done, that

Homer drank bimfelf blind: However,
like atrue Advocate for, the Cause, he

roceeds, and if it be not plain in the
Cafe of his Greek Ancestor, his Latin one

Ennius is a full and compleat Authority, ©
and Horace asa Descendant from him, ©

asserts his Right to,the Glass as inconteft-.
able. The first he leaves as adifputable
Cafe, not without a hint that it might be

roved from his Favourite Character of

Nefior, who hada particular Kindness for

102 The Censor, Ne

Old. Wine. and old Stories, or asa Mo-
dern says,

to prat/e
The Sage, who warm with Win ine began

His Feljow-warriors, and his Youthful
Days:
That my Reader may see, our Eng-

lifo Poets have used the fame Privilegé

with a fefv Memorandums. of my

with Succefi, I shall present him.
great Ancestor Ben“Jobnfon, which have

been preserved with great Care in our

Family.

Mem. 1 laid the Plot of my. Volpone,

and wrote moit ofit,atter a Present
of Ten Dozen of Palm —
from my very good Lord J—
That Play 1! am positive will lat
Pofteri LLY, - ‘andtbe a€ted when, |
and Fnvy are Fi iends, with
Applaute.

The first Speech in my - Cataline,

spoken by Scyila’s Ghost, was
writ after 1 parted from my Boys
atthe Devil-Zavern; I had drunk
well that Night, and had brave
Notions. There is one Scene
in that Play which 1 think i is

Mem.

Mem.

Mem.

At Chrifimas my B

TheCensorn.

Flat; 1 resolve to mix no more”

Water with my Wine.

Upon the Twentieth

the Aing, Heaven reward him,
sent me one Hundred Pounds .
I went often to the Devil about.

that Time, and wrote my
Alchymijt before I had
Fifty Pounds of} it.

took me with him iato the
Country ; There was great
Plenty ‘of excellent Claret-wine,

a new Chara@er offered it self to -
me here, upon which I wrote .,

my Silent Woman. My Lord
{smiled, and made me a noble ipa
sent upon. reading the first 7%
to him, ordering at the fame
time -a good Quantity of the
Hine to be sent to Londou with
me when I went, and it latted

me till my Work wes finithed,

The Yale of @ T: ub, the Devil is
an Afi, and some others of low

Comedy, were by poor

Ben I remember that

oar Vice

104 The Censo Re
FI did not succeed in any one
Composition for a whole Winter;

it was that Winter hone/i

Raiph the Drawer died, and

when I and my Boys drank bad
Wine at the Devil.

think that these of the
emmortal Ben are sufficient to jultify the.

Opinion. of Hoerace,-and I do assure my

Reader that they are faithfully tran-.

teribed from the Original.

NP ag. | Friday, May 13.

Scurra Volanerias, pofquam illi jufta Chiragra
Contudse articnles 5 gui pro fe tolleret, atzue

Mitte retin Mercede aiurna

pave Hor.*:

HE most different such
which srelare to Virtue,

have the fame Effect upon the
cor from the force of Usage and Custom
And the repeated Returns of Pie- -
ty or Debauchery equally affeérthe Saint
and the Sinner. Nature which was at
first, excepting the original Tamt,

and sincere, or as Mr. Lock says, a blank
Sheet of Paper capable of receiving any
Characters at the Pleasure of the Writer,
soon is either blurred over with
Impertinence, fouled with Impurity, ot

improved and dignified with Impreflions —

of Honour, Virtue and Morality. If
an evil and perverse Hand draws out
the first Lines, ir is probable that the
fame will be continued to the End 5 or
if any Interpolations should be made by

a better Hand, they will be so visible |
that a common Critick in-Life willeafi- ©

ly find them out, and discover that they
are not of a piece with the whole. On
the contrary, when the Characters are
fair at the beginning, they mend upon
you ‘as you proceed, ard, Page atter
Page, improve in their Beautics. I will

not pursue theM@etapbor too far,butobferve

the End of my Design, which isto shew
the Power of Habits, and Customs;
how impossible it is to get the better

of a Predominant Vice, when you haye
long indulged the Practice of it.

A constant Circle of rhe fame thing
is generally reckoned the most tcdious
unfatisfying Part of Life, and yet I know
nat by what Fatality it happens, we itiil
beat the Round without reficcting that

106 Thé Censor.
we-are in it, and dance our selves giddy
as it were betore- we perceive that we

aré.in that-very Tract we have often .

condemn’d. ‘The Man, who rises with
a Naufeoufnefs of his own Follies, starts
dut to the fame Scene again, forgets -
ms Resolutions, is loft in the common _
Maze, and returns with an additional ©
Sum to-his Account, which is never
regarded or thoughr of till the Game
is played overagain, and his present Losses
give some Notion of those that are
past. I have often thought how an
idle or vicious Person would be ‘startled
at the reading a Catalogue of his own
A&tions de die in diem, and how incanfiderable
the Alterations would appear,
when the account of a Year ran on only
with such. material differences as going
to the Opera instead of thé Piay,
viliting Betty instead of Fenny, ‘dining
at the Rose for the Devil, and going to
Greenwich instead of Hampflead, or Epsom.
And yet what a numerous Com-
pany of Creatures, that are called Rational,
may be fairly included in such an

Account; how many Pieces of human

Machinery move with so {mall a ‘Variety
of Springs! My. great Ancestor Ben
Febnfon has touched this Subject with :

N° rs. ‘The .-¥07

juttLivelinefs of Th ought and Expression
in his Discoveries ; Pp t a deal of cole
Bujinefsy he, do Men mifpend the bettery
part of Life in, in scattering. Complements,
teuding Pifits, gathering and venting
News, following Feafis and Piays, making
a little Winter-Love in a dark Corner.

~ J know nothing that shews the Weakness

of human Nature more, or renders }

a Man more contemptible in the Eye of
Reason, than his being under the Dominion
of an evil Habit,. and lying at
the Mercy of some Master-Vice. The

Wretch in this Condit?son. forfeits his

Understanding, gives up the Freedom

of his Will, aud cither walks in Lead-
—ing-strings, or is forced along like a
Brute by a severe Direftor, | whose Burthen
he not only. carries, bur suffers
the. Scourge at the fame Time. The
worst of it is,. that the longer the Misery
endures, the more intenfible the

Suffercr grows: and what at. first was >

— fubmirted to with Pain and Reluétance,

fits light and easy at Iaft, and the
have no Notion that: any’ State of Life
can be more happy thai their own.
Custom has reconciled a Galjy-Slave: to
to bis Oar, that the Offers ‘of Liberty
it self have been ‘refused; and habirual
Vice

Lhe C ENSOR N° Wye
Vice has had the fame Effe& on the |
Sinner,- who has learnt a false Patience
under the Length of his Captivity, and

begins to hug the Chain with Pleasure

that he once dragged with Uneafinefsi

Bur of all the Adventurers for Unhappineis,
none seem more .strange and unaccountable,
than those who continue
their Passion for their Vices, when the
Powers of committing them are paftand
extinguished There may be an Excuse

for him who loves. fine Dishes and rich
Wine, while his Appetite is good and
his Palate quick and nice: But for the
Man who haft loft his Taste, to chufe
to feed upon an Orto/an rather than.a_

joint-of AMaurton, 1s a piece of Luxury

that wantsa Name. When the Sub-

stance which is the Pleasure of the Vi-

cious is departed, this Ghof or Phantom.

of their qwn Imaginations arises, and

haunts them in the fame manner as the

Vice it self It is observable that. these

People take Pains to transfer their Follies

f from one Sense to another, and try to

keep that alive in the Eye, which is

dead to the Touch; to preserve that in

the Fancy which cannot be conveyed

thro’ the Ear; and so make up a fort of
artificial Wickednefs out of the Ruins of —

Nature.

Ng. ‘The Censor.

Nature. The impotent Clodius keeps his

~Wenches still, and the disabled AZi/o

seeks the Company of allthe young De-
bauchees in Town; ae himself with
Repetition of the fame Madness which

he himself was guilty of twenty Years

before. Sempronia can’t bear the Gallantries
of a Lover, and therefore writes
Letters every Day to her self in Praise

of the Charms’ her Grand-Children

might have been now in Pofleffion of,
had she employ’d her.own Right. ,

I could not help running into this
Vein of Thought, from a Letter Plately

received from an invalid Gametter ;.
which is a lively
of Wretches, and goes beyond the Morto
which I have chosen from Horaceup- .

Picture of this Species

on one of the fame Fraternity.

Venerable Censor,

«© YT Am now of that Order of Men

 « called Gameffers, tho’ I was once

“© reckoned a fine Gentleman, anda Man
of Worth, Honour, and a good E-

“« state. I fell to play about fifty Years |

nd have been in love with the dar

Dice ever since. Td tell you I have play’d
when have been sick of a Fever,: or

loft two thousand Pounds when I
could

The Censor: N
could neither stir Hand, nor Foot with
the Gout,may seem ridiculous,but is cer-
tainly true. | don’t know how it comes
to pass that I who have been ridicu-
led for aboye twenty Years, should
haye as strong a Paflion for what has
ruin’d me, as [ had in the Days of |
“© my betrer Fortune. I go, Day after —
«© Day, without a Penny in my Pocket,
to the Zable, and-never think of cat-
ing or drinking: for seven Hours ‘to-
pether: While the Box is rattling, I
teel in my self all the fame Passions as
if it were my own Moncy upon every
Caf, am in Raprure at a Ran of Nicks,
and in Dumps at the dismal Outs.
Pray, Sir, take my Cafe into your.

Consideration, and oblige

Ame’s Ace.

My Correspondent's Cafe is indeed |

very deplorable, and I hall give him
some Advice at a convenient Season; in

the mean time, Anceflour,whom Uhave |
before quoted, fball inform him of the!

Badnefs of his ‘Condition. It is a
*¢ dangerous thing, when Men’s Minds

N° 16. The CENSO rir

come to fojourn with their Affedi-
“© ons, and their Difeafés eat into their
Strength: That when too much De-
fire and Greedinefs of Vice have made
the Body or Fortune unfit, or unpro-
fitable, it is yet gladded with the
Sight and Spectacle of it in Others:
and for want of Ability tobe an 4@or,.

is content to he a Witness. T

N° 16. Monday, May 16,

O incurabil piaga, che nel petto
D'un Amator fi facile Simprime,

Non men per falfo,. che per ver fofpetto,
Piaga, che lbhuomo crudelmente opprime,

Che la ragion gli offofca, Vintelletto,
E lo tra fuar de le fembianze preme,
iniqua Gelofia!———~
Arioft. iz Orl: Fur.

Have receiv’d a Letter from a fair
Correspondent, who begs my Adwice

in a Point, on which the whole .
Happiness or Misfortunes of her After- .

Life may poflibly depend: And as I cannot
be too friendly in lending my Afiiftance
in such a Cafe, so I think my self

bound

112 The CensoOR.

~ bound to interpofe my Cenfures on that
—unreasonable Passion, which has caused |

the, Difquict. complain’d of in her Let-

Venerable Censor,

AVE Compatflion.on a Virgin
H who is beset with Difficulties

that require your Counsel as well as

Pity: You must know, I lie under |
the Circumstances of Courthhip ; the
*& Person; who addresses me, has Parts
“< as well as Fortune to recommend him

to my Affection; I am affur'd he

Jovesme with the greatest Tenderness
“© and as all his: Professions have been

ftri€tly honourable, I need not bluth

to declare I have received his Passion

with an Air of Satisfaction: Bur
“© what Happiness can I propose even
in the Possession of this Man, .whose
are such as [could not
with for greater in an Husband?
What Fears must not I form to my
self, what Difquietudes will
be my Portion: For, Oh! Mr. Cen-
for, his Jealoufie is intolerable. It

breaks upon him in the State of an

humble Lover, and subjects me toa

a gem before he has a Right of giving

N16. ‘Fhe Censor.

virig me these Vexations. If I bu®
faulrer in my Discourse, or make a—
Reserve of a single Word, it alarms
“© his Suspicions, and iscertain to throw.
him into a Gloom, ‘ull my Meaning
explain’d with Circumitances: If
~® Tam silent, he fancies my Thoughts
© bent on a Rival: If I do but play my ~
Fan in Publick, Ke imagines every
*¢ Motion attended with a Glance that
befpeaks Difhonour; and in short, let aa
‘© me Frown, Smile, or Blush, he will ag
interpret every Change ot Counte- +
nance, either to my. Dislike of -his
“© Company, or a secret With of we
better entertain’d elsewhere. Adviie
“© me, Dear: Censor, what to do in this
© nice Affair: Can I venture to take
“© the Man I love, and not dread the
*¢ Consequences of such a Temper? Is
“© there a Cure in Narure, or a Secret
‘© in Art and Conduét, to redeem him
from the Misfortune of ungrounded
Suspicions? Or can he not love me |
with the fame Fervour, and be less
“© fearful of my betraying him? I shall ‘
rest much on your Sentiments; and
“¢ thought my self in particular obliged if
to chufe you my Direétor, because
he has told me, he wonders, as Censors

114 TheCexsor. N 16.

/ohsyou do not take into yourConfidera-
tion the Freedoms the Ladies think

they may take with their Reputations.

Iam

Your diftve[s'd Admire,
and Servant,

Clarinda.

The Passion of Jealousy has been sufficiently
defin’d by my Predecessors. in
Essay and it \be no difficult Matter
to find it presented in two distinct

and different Lights. Some Authors |

have labour’d to make it Excufable, by ©

deriving its Birth from an Extremity of »

Love ; while Others have determin’d ita
Jaundice of theMind,which from itsown
vitiated Humours makes every Object

appear foul. cannot touch the Cafe
Of Clarinda with too tender a Regard ;

she confesses she is not infenfible of her

Lover’s Merit, and would marry him,

did the not fear the Surrendry of her Person
would heighten his Tyranny, and
make him insult on his Enereafe of

Power.

All [can do to serve the Fair One; is
to give my Sentiments of this'passion

N16. The Cr NSOR.

and if his Reason and good Sense, feconding

my Opinion, can help to reclaim
him, [ fha}! be pleas’d at having
been instrumental in both their Happiness.
I am so far from regarding Jealousy
as the high Pulse of Paflion, or
thinking that Love cannot fubfiit im its
full Strength without it, that I conceive
it an Infirmity .arising from a Poorneis
of Spirit. That which is Difruf# inthe
Breast in point of Commerce, is Fealouly
in-point of Love: Now to suppose a

Man defraud me, because he may,’

is aSufpicion low and ungenerous; and is

giving him a Sort of Right to use me_

as ill, as I. conceiv’d he meant to do-
Soy to suspect a Woman will be careless
of her Honour, because she has a Power

of playing false with me, is not only:

encouraging a base Fear, but carries
with it a tacit Confeflion of my own
Want of Merit. |

I grant the fair Sex cannot be too :
circumfpect in their Conduét; Calumny
is a busy Fiend that pricsintoalltheir |

Aétions, and is pleas’d to represent ’em

to their Disadvantage. Comments

of a cenforious Age cannot be restrain'd;

ill-natur’d Observation will take
hold of Levities, that never proceeded —

from

11G The Censor. 16,

from intentional Guilt. But then. the
Man that fees my Aétions, and is con-

vine’d of their Innocence, ought to
Taugh at the Cenfures of Malice; and —

rather heighten his good Opinion of my |
Virtue, by perceiving the general Injuttice

of Defamation.

To know I am wrong’d in my Honour,
and over-look it, 1s an Argument
of Stupidity. Every Man owes himfelt
the Justice of refenting an open Injury;
but to proceed on Sure and Suspicions,

is fervile and ignoble. It 1s searching

but a Means of making one’s felfunhappy;
harbouring Snakes in one’s ‘Bosom,.
that will certainly wake. to Rage,

and dart their Stings into the very Soul
our Quiet: Would any one but coolly
refle& on half the Torments and Anxieties

which attend an Jealousy, he
would never allow it a Place in his.
Breast. ‘The Plagues and Consequences
of this Paflonare {o exquifitely defcrib’d
in. Shake/pear’s Othello, that this Play
may serve as a compleat Common-place
Book of Cautions against entertaining

sath Suspicions

As I never see the Rage of the Moor,

when he is once work'd up by the age
of Fago, without the greatest Pity; so

16. The CENSOR. 3

lam as strongly pleas’d to observe the
Art of the Poet, with what a curious
Happiness he has trac’d this Passion,
what little Baits he has laid to feed O-
thello’s Sus{picion, and what Sentiments
of Resentment he has sir'd him with, at
every new Suggettion of being injur d.
His very Resolution against Jealouly
speaks him prepar’d for Doubts, and
bent to fist the ‘Truth. :

7; hink’ thou I'd make a Life of Fealoufy ;
0 follow fiill the Changes of the Moon _
Vith frefa Suspicions? No: To be once in
deube,
Is to be refolu'd. Exchange me for a Ga,
When I shall turn the Bufi of my Soul
To /uch ex and d Surmifes, .
Matching ihe Inference. ’Tis not 10, make
me jealous,
To say my Wife is. fair, Seeds well, loves
Company,
Is free of Speech, sings, plays, and denies
Where Virtue is, thee are most virtuous.
Nor from my own weak Merits will draw
The /malleft Fear, or Doubt of ber Revolt ;
Kor she had Eyes, and chose Me: No 0, Jago,
L'il see, before doubt when doubt,
prove;
And on the Pr dh there i is no more but this,

Awa at once with Love or Jealousy.

oh mfelf for the fuppos’d Injury.

37. Wednesday, May 18.

138 The Cu Nsor. N ty.
This Speech is on the first Infinuati- -

ons of Fago, to work him to a Conception
of De/demoua’s Difloyalty ; his Starts

of Passion, as his Suspicions tirengthen,

are equally lively; and ihew how ceafily
a Man may be feduc’d who lends a ‘free
Ear to Detraétion, ani forms his Belief -
to every Surmife; how wretched his

Giltrudttul Temper makes him, and to

what Extremities heis driven to reven

Cavendum est, ne, Affentatoribus pat efaciamus

dures, nec adulart nos finamus: in
ouo falli facile eff. Tales enim nos cffe
putamus, ut jure landemur :-Ex quo na/-
cuntur innumerabilia peccata, ciim bomines
infiati opiniombus turpiter irridentur,
in maximis verfantur Evroribus. Cic.

roduc’d a Desire in some of my

M* Discourse upon the Shadow has

Readers, that I would touch upon another

N, 17. The CENSOR |

other Character of fame Affinity to the
Umbra, which 1s the Flatterer.. ASubject

to common in the ‘Observation of

Mankind, and {6 frequently handled by
good.Authors, is not easy to be treated
of without falling mto the fame Tract

of Thought, and a Likeness of Colour |
and Deicription with other People 5

however, ihall try if I can’e fling together
iome loose Remarks upon this
Head, without borrowing too much
trom my Neighbonrs. |

I think, it was who firlt

oblerved that. Friendship was founded up-
on Sel/f-dove, that a Man hiked another

for resembling himself in the Qualities
of his Mind, the Humour of his Adtions,
or the Tendency of his Inclinations,

which is no more, says he, than —

loving bimfelf in a second Person. Thus
the Man converfes as it were with a
Mirrour which refie&s his own Image,
and gives him apleafing /dea of himself.

It this Principle be true, as I see no
Reason why it is not, the Foundation of
Flattery and its Diftin&tion trom Friend-
{rip is easily discovered.

The Flatterer goes upon. the fame
Grounds of Seif-iove,as the Friend. The
Difference is, the Fiend finds hisCompanion

120 The Censor. N’iy7.
panion of the fame, Sentiments with his
own, from Genius, Realon, or Education;
the Flatterer moulds himfel into
the Form. of the Person he flatters;
the first is pleas’d with Nature as he
meets it, the latter works out of Nature,
grafting upon bis own Mind whatever
he perceives has taken Root in that
his Patron.

The Friend holds a faithful Glass, and
represents the Image agreeable to the
Substance with all its Beauties and Im- ©

perfections; the Filatterer leaves out all

that is deformed, or paints it over so as to
make it invisible; and,to make Amends,
flings in a Stock of foreign Charms, and
Colours, to make the Figure more amiable.
In short, two Friends are two diitinét
Originals that bear a Similitude to
each other, and have much the fame Air,
Features, and Lineaments; the Fiatterer
is a fervile Copy, imitated well enough
to give some toan undiftinguithing
Eye, and Judgment. |

it isa Maxim with the Writers upon
this Head, that the Proud, and the.
Powerful are. most capable of being imposed
upon by this Vice. If they mean
that they are-the propereft Obje&s for
2 cunning Man to chule. for his

the Truth of it is evident, but the Seeds
of the Disease are in Nature it self, and
~~ all Mankind have a Share of the Taint;
Wealth and Power are indeed the most
inviting Views for the Fiatterer, but not

the only Causes why a Man 1s flattered.

To tell what a particular Turn of Mind
a Man mutt have in order to become
capable of being the Object of Flattery,
iseafy. For as soon.as ever a Man is
willing to receive favourably more than
he knows, from a fair Survey of hisown

Qualities, he deserves; then the Bias |

leans too much towards himself, and
from that Minute artfully improved, is
he capable of being imposed upon.
When we begin to prefer the Opinion
of Others to our own, we give into a
Deceit which may be fatal; Pride and
Arrogance enfue, till we aétually imagine
our selves in Poffeflion of what we have
been often told we have; and think it
can proceed from nothing but Envy in

any, who pretend to lessen the false E-.

{timate we have been taught to make
of our selves.

The Flatterer therefore lies in waitto
discover the weak Side of Nature before
he applies his Engines, the Time
and Pains are mis-spent ’till he is affur’d

N° 17. The CENSOR. 171

ed by when there is no Hopes

The N 17.

of a Friend within to betray the Fort.

to him; as soon as that is done he gains .
Ground daily, intercepts the Reliefs of .
Reason and Advice, or represents them —
as Enemies, and then the Conquett

grows cheap and ealy.

There is no greater Siaiecy in: any
thing than in the Art of pleating, and
a Man mufl please before he can deceive:

From hence proceeds the difference of

these Creatures whose Business it is to
suit their Talents to the Size and Measure
of the Parts of their Property;
which mutt bé a Study of a wide Com- —
ass inthe General, as comprehending
all the Differences of human Understanding.

Some are mean Daubers in the Art,
and lay on their Paint so thick, and with
so illa Su gefents that it offends at first
View; and yet they find Foe/s enough
ta be with fre own Piéture,

tho’ by never so injudicious a

Hand. Positive and direé& Expressions

of Praise, a kind of affected Bluntnefs,

must be used to those whose Heads are
Proof against delicate Touches and fine
Strokes ; the Man’s Senses be {torm-.

of taking them by Surprise and Strata-
The Filatterer as he moves ina higher
Sphere, manages with a suitable Air

and Address; well knowing that the
Person who would be offended at a

Draught of himself from a paultry Performer,
would be still pleased with an
agreeable Likeness from the Pencil of'a
Aueller. 'He knows the Times and critical
Minutes of pleasing, and-not only
chufes his Jacenfé with Judgement, but
considers whether his /do/ be in a Humour

to receive It.
Againftfuch an artificial Fencer, there
seems to be no Security, and the greatett
Happiness is to come off with the
slightest Wound. ‘The most morofe
Temper, and the finest Sense have been

foil’d by this Weapon, there being no-

Guard against it but Flight. Sdake/pear
has given us an exquisite Stroke of this
kind, in the Character Decins gives of
his own Management of Julius Ce/ar.

be be so refolv'd,

I can o'erfway him: For he loves to hear
That Unicorns may be betray’d with Trees,
_ 4nd Bears with Glasses, Elephants with

Gz.

Holes,

124 The Censor. N°

Lyons with Toils, and Men with Flatterers :
But when I tell him, be hates Flatterers,
He says, he does; being then most flattered.
Let me work, |

For I can give his Humour the true Bent ;
And I will bring him to the Capitol.

I forbear going farther upon so. com-

Theme, can’t in good Manners

leave my Reader without an Antidote
against this powerful Poison.
The best Prefervative againit Flattery
is, an impartial Scrutiny of our selves;_
and since none canbe competent Judges
of our own Abilities, Powers and Underftandings,
but our own Hearts, we
are to prefer the Account shat gives of
eur Strength to any foreign Reports.

The Old Verse of the Satyrifi is a short,
but excellent Rule in this Cafe. |

Plus aliis de Te, quam Tu tibi credere noi:

A Man to raise in himself a just Scorn
of Flattery, might make use of that very
Pride, which leads Others to believe,
and so turn the Instrument of his Ruin

into his Security: For let him consider,

that if he takes the Bait, it is plainthat
the Odds of Understanding are on the
Flatterer’s

to pass upon ‘himself, and, in’ short, is

blinded for orher Purpose, but

have his Pocket.picked with the greater
Safe and Convenience. | T

rire zy ta Coe eis

Plat. ia Timao,

Urgue novis facilis fignatur Cera figuris,.
Nec manet ut fuerat, nec formas fervat ealdem ,
Sed tamen Ipfa eadem Animam sie femper
eandem
Efe, fed.in varias doceo migrare figuras.
Ov. Met.

principal Diversion in Read-
ing, Is, 9 strict Conversation with

the best Old Claflicks, Virgil was the

Choice of my last Night's Study. In
Authors of this Sort where [ am sure
to be enttrtain’d in every Page, my Custom
is to take my Chance for the Subject,
and begin my Amusement where

the Book firit opens. I had the good:

Fortune to pitch on that noble Pas-
G3... sage,

78. The CENSOR 1429
Flatterer’s Side; and he suffers a Cheat

126 The Censor.
sage, where this divine Poet has treated
of the Tranfmigratioh of Souls, accarding

to the Doétrine first itarted. by Py- |

thagoras, and afterwards copied from
him by Socrates and Plato. The De-
{cription is of so fine a Texture and so
elegantly wrought up, that I was temp- .
ted to try whether it might not pleate,.

difrob'd of the Charms even of Virgil's

Verfification.

Anca, at the Request of his Dead

Father who appear’d to him in the

Night, with the Dire&tion of Deiphobe
the Prieflefs of Apolio, takes a Progress

tothe Infernal Shades. Descending, he
13 by Charon. wasted over the River 4-
skeran, on whose Banks whole Droves
of Ghosts waited to be g¢ranfportéd; and
thence passes on thro” the Mansions of

the Distress'd, and-takes a of

the Realms of Torture. rom
those Resorts, of Horror and Pollution,
he purifies ‘himself by a fprinkling of

Water, and arrives at the Eijfian Fields.
Here he is delighted with an ample Proof
Bliss, fees all the Predeceflors

and Heroes of his Race, and by the

Poet Mufeus is conducted in search of

N° 18: The Cen sonr.. 127
The good Old Anchifes’s Spirit was

employ’d in a verdant Valley, on the

View and Contemplation of those Souls,

that were to set forih for the Upper

Regions; and, by Intuition, fore-reading

their Foxtunes, Manners and Atchievements.

In this Réeverie he is interrupted

by the Approach of hisSon Aiveas 5 and

hfting up his Hands and shedding Tears

Exftacy, he bursts into Expreflions
of Satisfaétion at his Arrival, and Commendation
of Piety: When d:xeas
had with equal Symptoms of Pleasure
repaid his Father's “Fendernefs, he catts
his Eyes on the secluded Groves and /i-

flo’s which had before cngaged .the
Thoughts of dachifes. Surpriz’d atthe
Number of Shades which giided about a
in those Recefles, and at the sow
creeping of Lethé’s Flood, he enquircs
into the Meaning; when Anchi/es inform’d
him, that all thole were Souls to whom
other Bodies were due by Fate, and
which muftdrink of the Stream of Lerbe,
to imbibe an Oblivion of all Tranfaétions
in. their Pre-existence. Aineas is
gain amazed to think that any Souls §
should have so flrong a Paflion for Life,
as to leave those Residences of Tran- “
quility, and be fond of the Incumbrance

128 The Censor. N? if.

of Fleth and Mortality ; but hio Sire,

to relieve him from that Sufpence, be-

gins to unravel the Process of Destiny,

and reasons of their Tranimigration mn
the following manner.

Underfiand ther, first, that there is
an Internal Spirit which feeds and cherithes
the whole Universe, the Firmament,
the Earth, and Waters, the
ihining Globes of the Sun and Moon,

and all the ipangled Lights of Heaven;

that there is a Mind, infused tho’ the
Parts, which actuates the whole Mass of
Matter, and mingles ir self with the -
Syitem of the World: Hence the Specjes
of Men and Beatts, the Fowls of
the Air, and the Fishes of the Sea, deive
their Life and Motion; there reigns
such a Divine Original and fiery Vigour
in these Souls, as cannot be dull’d or
deprefs'd by the Drois of Matter,

Earthly Substance, or Abode of Mortaliny.

From this Conjunction are the

Springs and Fluétuations of Passion.
Hence do our Fears and Desires, our

Griefs and ‘Transports arise and ftrugegle ;

And the Effences, pent up inthe blind

Prison of the Body, cannot lodk back

to their Celestial Fountain. Alor when
a Separation is made by Death, are

they absolutely free from Misery,. or
difcharg’d from the Stains contracted

by the Union with the Body: For it_

cannot !be but many Habits, which
have for a Season been growing together,
should work themselves into the
Texture and Constitution; therefore do
the Souls go thro’ Purgations for the

Offences done in their State-of Nature ;_

some are {pread out to bleach in the Air,
others immerg’d in vast Gulphs of Water,
and others purified by the Force of
Fire. We all submit to our several Infiétions;
thence are weallowed torange
in wide Elyfium, and a few of us made

Inhabitants of the blissful Meads: when
a certain tedious Revolution of Time -
has effac’d the Marks of our contraéted °

Pollution, and reitor’d our Aétherial

and fiery Essence to its Original Purity.

These Souls, when they have-run the
Circle of a Thousand Years in Bliss, are

call’d forth in Numbers to the Flood
of Lethe; that drinking thereof they
may mount tothe Upper. Regionswiths
out Recolleétion, and begin to desire a’

Return into New Bodies.

Having runthro’ this Sytem of Trans-

~ migration, I was invited to look over
what Ovid has made Pythagoras say on

130 The Censor. N° 18.

the fame Head: The Philosopher begins
with a Prohibition of eating Fiefh, as
Gonceiving whenever we ‘devour'd
that of an Animal, we prey’d. on
the Substance of. our Fellow -Creature:
He endeavours to remove our |
Apprehenfions of Death, and disarm
us of the Terrors. of Futurity, the
Stygian Lake, and gloomy Regions, as

Fictions of the Poets, and imaginary Horrors;
for that the Soul, as soon as it
quits its Habitation, is instantly receiv’d
and informs fresh Matter ; that all
things are chang’d, and nothing annihilated;
that the Spirit glides out of
Brutes into Human Bodies, and is again
transfus’d into the Bettial Substance,
even asthe N ight and Day succeed each
other, or the Viciffitudes of the Seasons

+ come round. That the very Elements

are not permanentin one Form, but rife
— eut of, and arerefolv’d into each other;
the Earth, resolving, rarifies into Water; —
that Fluid, still becoming more fine,
melts into Air; and that Air, growing

et more subtle, kindles into Fire. So
the Fire paffles into Air, the
Air condensed dissolves into Water, and
the Water exchanging its Fluidity for

Grofsnefs thickens into Earth.

Nv 18. The Cex SOR. 13%
By this ‘I had satisfy'd my Curiosity
of Reading, and address'd my self to

some Meditations on the Leéture: I began
to consider these Notions of the

Pagans, as distant and imperfeét Views |

of Divinity, which Faith and our Chri-
{tian Religion have set in a nearer and
more evident Point of Light. Their
Transformation of Bodies, and: Arguments
against Annihilation of Matter,
plainly imply the Immortality of the

Soul, and lay a fair Foundation for a —

Returrection: Now as they. seem to
meet our Belief in these Particulars, so
do that Seét of Chriffians, who efpoufe

the Notion of a Millennium, nearly Coy

the Tradition of Virgi/, that the
Souls shall wander a thou-—

sand Years in the Beatitudes of Elyfuns:

these ,Contemplations, and one Jdea
erouded upon another, I fell infenfibly
intoa Slumber which dress'd upa Dream,
whose Oddity must have grown out of
the Impreflions of what I had read. |

Methoughts,I wasfet downto Supper, .

and extending my Arm over tothe Saltcellar,
I perceiv’d the Salt which I had
taken to vibrate and dance like Quick-

As [ {till grew more deeply engag’d in |

head
filyer

132 The Censor N°18,.
silver,on the Point of my Knife: While
1 was furpriz’d at the Accident, I heard
a Voice, in a {mall fhrill Tone, call out
for a Microscope! My Amazement made
me comply with the A/andate, and fetching
my Glass, I perceiv’d the {catter’d
Particles of Salt to be like so many Miniatures
of an Human Fetus. As I cone
tinu’d to survey them, they seem'd to
unite, and swell into the Proportion
of what we fancy a Pigmy. Immediately
the incorporated Figure in a hoarfer
Cadence address'd me thus; -If thou
would’ ft consider, O Son of Mortality,
to what painful Revolutions thy Flesh
will be: obnoxious, thou wouldit have
Compassion on that of thy Fellow-Crea-_ -
ture, and protreét it froma future Series

of Tortures.. was once like Thee, a |
Man of Signifieancy, but murder’d by
Villains and buried in a Meadow ; scarce
was my Frame diffolv’d by Putrefaétion, ¢
and I had fatted the Worms of the Soil, .
but the Field of my [Interment was inclofed
and converted into a Garden, the

Earth turn’d up, and the Vermine, my
Remains had made rich, were Food for -
the Birds; I lay fx Houts in the Bowels
of a Cock-Sparrow, and thence by
the Voracity of a Cat. was remov'd
into.

N18 The CENSOR, (133
into larger Quarters: That Cat for
some Mifchiet was kill’d and thrown
out on a Dunghil; where, in Process of
Time, I sprang up ina Muth-room; I
was plucked ghence, clap’d into Pickle,
and sent 4 long way for a Present in an

Earthen Vehicle; The Person that eat
me, traverfing the Fields, was press'd

by some Occasions, and so let me drop

into a Worcester-fbire Salt-pit; my Saline
Particles infinuated themselves with
the Nature of the Place, and grew of
a Piece with it; after this Transformation,
I was dug up, hurried about from
Place to Place, and to conclude my History,
per tot Difcrimina rerum, am become
the Inhabitant’of your Salt cellar.

This fantaftical Narration trom a
Corn of Sait or Two, set me into such

an immoderate Fit of f aughter, that it

rous’d me from my Slumber; and pur
mein Mind of Difquifition with

Horatio, about Alexander's Dutt stopping

a Beer-barrel. The Paflage is of
so particular a Strain and so modern to
my Dream, that I shall beg leave to

close this Paper with a Quotation of -it..

Ham. Zo what base Ujes we may re-
WAoratio! Why may not lmagination

-

The Censor. N ifs
trace ‘be sad. "Duff of A-
xa > a. fropping..a
Bunghole?
Hor. to.consider too curiously, to
Ham. No, faith, not a Fot. But te
follow him thither with Modesty enough,
and likelibood to lead it; as thus. A-
lexander dy’d ; Alexander. was buried
Alexander returned into Dufi;
the Dust is Earth, of Earth we make
Clay, and why with that Clay (where- |
to be was converted) might they not \
a Beer-Barrel?

Imperial Cacfarjdead and to Clay,
Might fiop a Holeto keep the Wind away:
O, that Earth, which theWorld
Should patch all t the Winter's
Flaw!

Monda Ys

N° The CENSOR. 135

Monday, May 23.

Arbitror enim Ego Mbufzei Stylum Jonge
effe Homerico politiorem atque comptiorem.
Quod ut clarins pateat, aliquot
Versus adducere coattus sum. Nam
guemadmodum omnes funt incomparabiles,
folique ¢ Grecanicis Virgilio digni, ita.
Nonnulli aded compofiti, ut ab ejus Gentis
nullo alio, guam a Mufxo, dici potuiffe
videantur. Scalig Poetic.

From my own Apartment. May 21.
declar’d iny my first Paper,

that I should look with a severe
Eye on the Labours of my Contempo-

raries, was this Morning attended by
a young Gentleman, who has endeavour’d
to oblige the Town with some’
Produétions of his own as well as Translations
from a learned Language. He
told me with an Air, that confeit a Diffidence
of my Approbation, that he had
lately {pent some Hours on translating ©
the Hero and Leander from the Gieck

136 The Cansor. N10.

of Mu/eus, but that he durft not thrust
it into the World, ull I should give
him my general Thoughts of the Project,
and permit|him to submit the Mcrit
of his Manuscript to my private Cen-

~sure. Itold him that the Poem had

already beendone by a very good Hand;

burthat I believ’d, it was not impofhble

for a Translation to come nearer yet
to the Spirit of the Original, and touch
the Graces with a more elegant Ten-

— dernefs: Thar, if he would leave hisPapers,
they should be veryfafein my Cuitody,

and'whenever he requir’d my. O-
pinion of his Pertormance, I should be
ready to give it with: a Sincerity, that

becomes the Character of my Person
and Office. As to my general Thoughts
of the Project, that 1 would take the
first opportunity of Leisure, to let the

Publick partake them with him. |
The diftrefsful Love of Here and Le--
ander is a Subject which most of my.
Polite Female Readers are acquainted

with, as well from the Representation
of it in May and Bartholomew. Fairs, as
from the Versions of Ovid's soft Epiftle, |
or this more artful History of Mu/eus:
If my present Remarks run a-litile out
of the Sphere of their Comprehension,

they

1 N19. The Censor. 137

they must foggive me the Pedantry, and

consider them as Critical Directions to
an Author, who islike to entertain them
with something more Feeling and Intelligible.
|

I have always read this small Remain

of Mufus, with Pleasure enough to
consider it the Produét of that Antique
Greek, however his Title to it has been

of late disputed. There has reign’d a

Spirit of Detraétion for some Years in
the World, which has labour’d to strip

the Ancients of their Honours, on purpose
to adorn some more Modern Brow.

I cannot conceive that this {prings froma

fair and generous Emulation; but that
finding thémfelves unable to come up

to the Strokes of Antiquity, as Cbronologers
often do to gain a Point, they
draw down Authorsto their own Dates,
to prove that all Merit in Writing was
not confin’d to the #ra’s of Paganifi.

The Poet Alu/eus, according to the

Account of Eu/ebius, was the Scholar of ©
Orpheus, and flourish'd about the
when Zola and Fair were Fudges over
//rael. If this Poem then be abs wl

nuin Work of that Bard, its Date} preceedsthe
De/ruéion of Troy, and is con-
fiderably more car/y than the Poetry

138 TheCensor.
of Homer. Our Countryman, the great
Mr. Lioyd, with some others, has disputed
its Authority; and thinks nothing
is plainer than that the Author of this
Piece liv’d after the Ce/ars, and even
below the Fourth Age of Chrifianity.
For Proof he advances, that‘in some’
old Books it is afcrib’d to Mu/eus the
Grammarian, It is not my Design to.
enter into a Controversy of this Mat- |
ter; but I freely declare, that till | am
convine'd the Jdiom of the Greekis more
recent, than what was wrote in that.
Age, I shall be always proud to pay the.
me of this fine Piece to Mu-
It is an Observation of my Lord Orvery’s,
in his Answer to Dr. Bently’s Dilfertation
on. Phalaris, That the bef
Greek Writers had generally Skill in ‘Mufick;
which was infus'd into them from
their Infancy, and none were reckon’d wellbred.
that wanted it. This made their Ear
just and fine; and the Finene/s of their Ear
easily slid into their Tongue, modell’d their
Speech, and made it tuneable. dare say,
every one that is a Judge of Poetry
will look on rhis asa Composition of
such a Mister of Numbers, and be forced
to acknowledge more Harmony in

N19 The Censor. 139

it, than ever yet a Grammarian was

guilty of.

Indeed ‘he has touch’d the Theme of
Love with that Delicacy, as if a Me-
Jeus had only supply'd the Greek, but
an Addison indited the Sentiments. A
Translator,that would hope a more than
ordinary Success from an Original embellifh’d
with such Ornaments of Diction,

and Beauties of that exquisite Softnets,

muit be very Curious as well as Happy

in his Expreflions. It is not an indo- |
lent Verfification, or the Knack of making

his Numbers barely musical, will

serve his Turn : To reach the Spirit of ©
this Author, he must be, in a manner, —

daring as Pindar, andtender asZzbullus ;
he must search eut all: the Beauties of

his Language, and make them breathe

the Soul of Love

I thall conceive no {mall Hopes from
his Performance, who can come off
with Applause from the following
Verses in the Beginning of the Poem.

Leds |

What

The Cen sor. N 19.

What Majesty, what Tendernef,
and Choice of Words are mix’d in
these Verses! I could quote a great ma-
Ny more that equal them in Harmony,
bur that it would be esteem'd but copying
from’ Scaliger. The digreffional
Remarks of Mu/eus, thro’ the whole,
are exactly drawn from Nature, and introduc’d
with Propriety above Commendation.
His Deicription of Hero’s
Beauty has a Delicacy which is better
to be conceiv’d than express'd: And
That of the Storm,in which Leander is
drown'd, gives so horrid an Image of
a tempeftuous Sea, that it almost con-.
vinces the Reader that it is possible to
paint a Sound. |
I dare not be more extensive in the |
commending this Poem, without incurring
an Imputation of too much Partiality
to my own Judgment. .

Tom’s Ccffee-Loufe in Deycreux Court.

Looking over the Prints, I found an
Advertisement which gave Notice of
the Revival of a Comedy call’d the

— Country-wife, as on Wednesday \aft. My
—Retfpeét for the ingenious Author of this
Play, made me enquire what Audience
it had; and | wasintormed that the Pit

N19. The Censor. 141

and Gallery were but thin, and that the
whole Range of the Boxes was grac’d
with but a Pair of Ladies. 1 cannot
attribute this to a more than ordinary
Modesty of that Sex, or their Fear of
being thock’d at some Indecencies of
Language, since I have obferv’d them
croud to Ep/om-wells, and other Comedies
of that free Stamp. But I mutt
take Notice, that the Gentlemen, under
whole Direétion the Play-heu/e is at
present, make too free with the Reputation
of their Authors, by reviving
their Plays at a Season when the Theatreis
but a gentle fort of Bagnio,. and
the Company may more properly be
{aid to be /weated than diverted.

Wedneflay, May 25.

Das aliquid Fame, que carmine gratior
, @urem |

WOccupat bumanam ?

] Know nothing which is more dan-
A gerous than.the Mifapplication of
Wit, and as it may have many fatal
Confe quences upon my ‘Readers, so I

142 TheCensor.

am concern’d, by Vertue of my Cenfari-
al Power, to bring it under dec Regulations.
A Man of a fine Genius and
lively Imagigation is always working
his Ideas into an agreeable Form, either
for his own Amusement, or the Enter-
~tainment of others;-.and if he is of a
vicious Turn of Mind, all the Dresses
he cloaths his Thoughts in will be
formed upon that Ground-work, and
stained with the Tincture of his Vices.
The Mind, as it happens to be affected,
produces either Beautics or Monfiers,
which are so many Patterns of its
Degeneracy or.Perfection.
About Half a Century ago this rank
Plant began to flourish among us, and
by the Encouragement of a Series of
gay Seasons took so deep Roor, that I
am afraid we thall hardly ever be able
to remove it. To whose Infamy the ©
planting of at is owing may be uncertain,
but many careful Hands were employed
in cherifhing and promoting its
Growths; and the Men of Parts and ~
Wir were not the most idle Labourers
in this Harvest. What Improvements |
or Mixtures it has received from later
Hands, how it has been blended with

Profanenefs, or interwoven with Politicks,

N° 20. The Censor. 143
ticks, éhall not be my Business to enquire.
But T cannot bur lament that it
seems at present to shoot up again with
Vigour, and tempts the Hand of a better
Authority than mine to correé& its
Luxuriancy. The very Titles of some
modern Pieces of this kind of Wit are
enough to shock a Man of any Reason
or Religion; and. tho’ they may find /
Readers enough, yet all Men of Genius
are concerned to despise- such infamous
Attempts to please, or they thems
selves may be reckoned Partakers of the
Folly. they approve.
As there are Abundance of these dir- |
ty. Papers thrust into the World meerly:
rom the Impudence of their respective
Scribes, so there are as many good Pieces
fupprefled only by the Modetty of -the
Performers. For my own Part, I have >
engaged in the Defence of Learning
joined with Religion, and Wit made
more agreeable by Virtue; andI shall
give my Reader a Proof of my ownl
Resolution, by obliging him with the
following Copy of Verses. They were
writ toa young Gentleman of Gondition
soon after his leaving the Univerfi-

Oxford,

144, The Cen SOR. | N° 20.

Oxford, May 10, 1713.

Dear Charlies, the Scene is shifted
now, and ‘You,
Freed ‘from the Schools, fublimer

Thoughts pursue;

With decent Arty. and comely Pra-
€ticefhew,

What others only pretend to

know;

«¢May duller - Souls Reputation
climb

By learning how to quibble out
their Time;
They fight, where, if they cou’d a
Conquett gain,
The useless Triumph were not worth
the Pain!

| © Fer what do all their Arguments avail,
But just to shew that neither can
revail?
“© They pass thro’ Ways with Thorns
and Briars curft,
© And areat last no nearer than at first.

™ He, who pretends the highest Pitch

Has no more Certainty than You,orl;

Nio. TheCensor. 145°
And were his Thirst of Vanity but
less,
With? equal Freedom ‘wou'd the
fame contefs.
Grant that he had some Notion of
the Soul,
But does he, Sir, yet comprehend
the Whole?
If so, then purge our Eyes from
dark’ning
And tell us what the is, and how
fubfitts ;
How does she wander, yet to Place
confin dy
Clear the contain’d, and yet containing
Mind :
When Nature’s Hand the Vital Knot
unties,
me, Chymift, where the
Spirit flies ;
Does she to secret Caves in Earth re-
¢ Or range at Liberty in liquid Ajr?
© How is she. alter’d, or is still the fame
As when her Pow’ rs inform’d this
fleeting Frame?

Had Sages, less with Learns
ing fraught,
Had the great Stagwrite’s fantastic
Thought; H

146 The Censor..N 20.
And, when they could ev'ry
Cause explain,

¢ With Water cool’d the raging oftheir

Brain:

While Folly thus had facrific’ d to Prige,

© What Heaps of unborn Myiteries had
“© And where could Madmen chufe

more proper Graves,
Than, what refembl’d ’em, thcir Fel-

Waves ?

Could we in as we in
Matter see,

How Parts here differ, and how ther |

agree;

As then in Mixtures of unequal kind

& We odd agreeable Confufions find ;

So could we:.thus the Sage’
Head,

& And see what Crouds of oy there

are bred;
Whata strange Chaos would divert

the Sight: ?

« Here mighty Occam and Dun Scotus
fight:
The lie hard Questions ready to rebel,
© And here Di/tinétions, in a /ecret Cells
Carte/i us’ Whirligigs one Corner hold,
Oppos’d by Hot, Moi/t, Dry,
and Cold;

20. The CENSOR. 147.

In dark Obscurity Privation lies, |
And would reach Lnsiys but dares not

rile;
Matter and Form a “‘Thousand Gambols

play,
As Novel -cenes ar i and Old decay.

This strange Ay atomy could we

survey,
Then Congreve need nop write, nor
Dogget play ; .
The Grefhamites might fell their Trinkets,
and be gone, ©

The Puppet-fbow it-{clf would be undone.

Think not shat I for ign’rant Darkness
plead,

For I too hope we may be wile, and

read ;
And yet I never can those Fools admire,

Who think they’re wife, because they

cannot tire. |

would prefer a neat. well-furnith’d
Home,

To the vast Lumber of an Antique

Dome;

r48 The Censor.

true,, there’s Stuff enough, and
Room for more,

But what avails the necdlefs, worthless
Store?

« “Who fails from India’s Shore, and

brings to Land

_ & A heavy Cargo of unufeful Sand?

Tf we for Knowledge fail o’er Learning’s

Seas,

Let us brin "8 what will profit, what

will please

“© Let Study be with Elegance resin'd,

e the Thought, but not de-

the Mind. |

« What to Stone Sculpture, | Lines to
Colours are,

_ & Gesture to Speaking, and to Beauty

Such Grace, and something more,
yet more Divine,

Something which Thought can
reach, butnot define,

Should in useful,” solid Lear-
Ding

N’ 21, The Cen SOR. 14)

N? 21. Friday, May 27.

Denique cetera Animantia in [uo genere
probe degunt: comeregarvi videmus,
contra diffimilia: Leonum feritas
inter fe nom dimicat: Serpentum morfus
mon petit Serpentes: ne Maris quidem bellue
ac pifces, wifi in diverfa genera,
viunt. dt, bercule, bomini plurwma ex
bomine funt Mala.

Bure Yesterday on the Ramble, and

putting in for Refrefhment at Sa/- |

ter’s Coffee-house at Cbeifea, I enterrain’d
my self with taki

y wa Survey of
his Labour for these

patt, which has been in making a Colle&tion

of monttrous and uncommon

Curiofities. As the VWirtuofo himself

was not at Home, I was forc’d to content

my self with learning the Hittory
of the Rarities from Female Intelligence;
and as I defiréed her to point
me out something of Astiguity, she produc’d
a Swerd which the inform’d me
was brought from the Batt of Hacb-

H3 fied.

190 The Censor,
fied. This one Instance gave me fufhcient
Satisfaétion of her Judgment as_
an Antiquary; and I do not know but
that, if she were requir'd to produce
something Modern, she would fetch -
out a Splinter of the Pillar of Salt into -
which Lot’s Wife was turn’d, a Piece
of the Rams of Old Troy, or Diana’s
Temple at £phe/us: The Fragments of
ail which their Catalogues pretend to.
I began to think that -if a Difre/s
were to be made of this Medley of Oddities,
how it would puzzle an Officer to
give every one its proper Denomination,
and an 4ppraifer to set a precise Valuation,
Nothing but the Head of a Virtuofo
can be capable of proportioning
the Values between an heap of Zhunderbolts,
and a Musical Mouse-trap; between
Goliah’s Gantlet, and an /ndian
Monarch’s Snuff-box; or a Nun’s Slip- —
per, and the Cham of TLartary’s Stirrup.
The Heads of those Men of Delicacy
are furnith’d with peculiar Cells for
~ Regulation, and Esteem in these Nice- .
ties; and they can with as much Ease
+ feta Price on the. Virgin Mary’s Milk
petrified, asa Broker can on an Old
Chett of Drawers, or Table-Bedttead :
What Value could a Mechanick impose

Scholaftick Genius that hasa taste for,

N21. TheCensor..
on the gilded Chefi, which graces a Cor.’
ner of this accomplith’d Coff-e-room,
and which has travell’d from 74pan
with the Bones of a Fryar init, sent to
reconcile a King of Portugal; but which
was fortunately snap'd up by the Way
by an Enzlifh Captain, and presented to
be liid up amongit these numerous
Treasures of Curiosity ? 3

Now as Whitfontide is approaching,
and the gay Youths who are content at
other times with appearing Spruce ata
Shop-door, or oraétifing gentle Poftures
behind a Counter, will be difperfing into
Places of Recreation for three Days;
such .whose Heads are not turn’d, or _
Circumittances adapted to Richmond or
Epsom, but are confin’d within nar- ,
rower Circles of Pleasure, I would advise
to make an Innocent Parade to Che/-
sea, and do enjoin them strictly to call
in at Sa/ter’sy on Pain of incurring the
of Stupidity, in default theres

This Oeconomift is furnish'd with such
Variety of Objects for Spgculation, that
he is sure to content every Disposition :
and Capacity in their several ways. The

and Faith in Antiquity, has here an
4 ample

192° The Censior. N?’ 21,
ample Field for Dissertation on the pre-
Jerving such small, but precious, Remains
for so many Ages: ‘The Smatterer in
Naturals cannot fail of being pleas’d to
see a piéce of Wood that grew in the
Shape of a Hog: What Room for Dilcourle:
does a rough Diamond make?
W hat Grounds for a Romance does the
Skin of an Ailigator furnish? How may
the Jocofe Imagination be tickled with
the Jtalian Padlock, and the little Ladies
in the Giafs-cafe? And for the {prightly
Lads that delight in rough Game,
how might they point and {neer on Account
of the dry Drubs, they could
ive each other with Goliah’s Sword or
Sune Elizabeth’s Walking-Stick? _
For my own Part, as particular
in most things from the generality of
Mankind, so my Observations from
Objects have a different and peculiar
Turn. When 1 caftmy Eyes upwards
Salter’s Cieling, and beheld it planted-with
the stuffed Skins of so man
noxious Animals, I began to resemble
his Disposition in them to the Strate of
Humane Nature. This is a dumb Piof
Life, thought I ; just in this
manner are Mortals furronnded with
Danger; Who can be so

N'2r, Censor.
and void of Provocation in his Condud,
that may not be aflaulted by a Bully,
who shall run at him hke a Saord-fifo?
Who can be arm’d against the Deceit
ot one, who shall devour us with the
Voracity of a Shark, and weep over us
with the Diffiraulation of a Crovodile
How ofven are we tortar’d with the
impertinence of a Pratler, whose Jingle
is more infufferable than that. of a Ras
tle-Snake ? How often is our Credulity
sd upon by Stories that furmount

the Improbabilities of a Mer-Maid ?
And yet Adiaults, cither on our

Persons or Senses, are made by thole

whom Nature, has thrown into the
fame Form with us, endow’d with the
fame faculues and Operations, and
whom the design'd to be Brethren and
Assistants to each other.
There is fearce am Ananal throughout

Creation, that delights in injuring

its own Species. Rivalthip, or Eanulation,

may them an afanlung and
grappling with each others par Strength
and mobile Rage in them.does the Michief,
which Man performs oftner by
Treachery and Circumvention: Initinét
and Hanger make Lyons to prey on
Deer, and Cattle, Serpents to Bids

The Censor. N°

Birds and Reptiles; and the larger
Fifth to feed on the smaller, as their
proper Food, and design'd by Nature
tor their Suftenance: But Man, that:
has all the Produéts of the Creation at
his Service, aims his Arrows chiefly a-
gainft Man; runs him down with Fraud
and Artifice, hunts him into the Toils |
of Perplexity , and triumphs in ‘his

Ruin.

« Birds feedon Birds, Beasts on each
other prey,
Bat savage Man alone does Man. be-

Pres by Necessity , T hey kill for
Food ; |
Man undoes Man to do himself no
Good.

| ( “ With Teeth and Claws, by Nature

arm’d, they hunt;
Narure’s “Allowance to supply their

Want:
‘6 But Man with Smiles, | Embraces,

Friendships, Praise,
*¢ Inhumanly his Fellow’ s Life betray
With voluntary Pains works his Di.

stress,. |
Not thro’ Neceflity, but Wantonnels.

Monday,

N: 22. The CEN

N22. Monday, May 30.

Dic, guid referat intra
Nature fines viventi, jugera centums, on
Mille aret ?

S I was walking in the Street the

& other Day, I observed a Fellow
mounted upon a /potted Horse harraning
a circular Assembly, which his
frumpeter had called together; I mixed
with the Multitude, and made a part
of the Audience, not without hopes of
reaping some Diversion from the Doéor,
his Company, or his Horse. Neither was
I deceived; but as the Doégfor, both by
his Situation and his Underttanding,
seem'd to be the mott considerable Person,
I own my self most obliged to him;
tho’ I ee who judged the
eontrary, and the theirchief
Favourite. I shall not make so
long a Preface as he did, but tell my
Reader that I was.not a_ little pleased
with one of this Equefrian Empirick’s
Argus

#8 Ybhe Censor N°22.
Arguments to recommend a _ certain
Pilaifter whose Virtues and Value he was
displaying to his Audience: * If, says
the Dogtor, you have a violent Pain
“¢ in the Side, Back, Head, or any o-
“¢ ther Part, try all the Tricks you can -
for Ease, clap a Bag of a Hundred
Pounds to the Part affeéted, what
Relics will you gain by it? You'll
Sigh —— But it
you apply this ‘single Emplafrum,
(which I fell with the whole
for Six-pence) the Pain will he im-
mediately relieved, you are well in
an Instant. — And £rgo, I |
this Plaifer is worth an Hund
Pounds.
Tho’ I knew from whence the Rogue
flole his witty Consequence, I could.not —
help being pleased with the Arguments;
and soon perceived the Effect it had upon
his Audience, who, by the Multitude
of Gloves and Handkerchiefs to 1e-
ceive this precious Piece of Leather,
seemed to think rhat they had.made a
fine Market of their Sixpences, and aétually
gulled the Doéfor out of Ninety.
Nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence,
by taking him at his _—
INOW

tho’ I am not fond of moraliz-

ing upon every filly Accident or Story
and turning a Man’s whole Lite and

Conversation into a Common-Place of

serious or religious Apphcation, ‘yet upon
this Qccafion I could ‘not refrain
from running into some Reflections
on that unreasonable Vice of Covetou/ne/s.
The Quack’s Argument about
the Hundred Pounds Bag is the fame
beautiful Thought, tho’ ma courter
Dress, and so betver suited to the Capacity —
of his Patients, that 1s made use of by the
finest and most delicate Authors of Antiquity.
Lucretius has worked up the
fame Sentiment into a Number of as
fine Verses as any in all his Works, and ©
Horace has more than once touched upon
it in the fame way; ABed of Down
or Cloth of Tissue, says one, cannot
make the Rich Man's lets Pungent,
nor Laquor in a Cup of Gojd relieve the
Tihirtt of che Hydropical Mifer.

dn ths Train of Thought I proceeded,
refic&ing still upon some Passages
an these celebrared ‘Poets, which ftrrke

upon this Subjeét with great Spirit and | |

Delicacy. ‘Horace has. put a parcel of
fer, fuppofing him to plead hy

168 The Censor. N
Cause, and so, allowing him all he can
say for himself, bafles him from hisown >
Conceflions. The excellent Senie of

the ‘Poet, if not wronged by a bad In-
terpreter, might run in this manner.

There is no Man that proposes to gather
Abundance of Riches but what has
some £xd in his View, which once attained,
the Pursuit is to be given over,
and he isto set his Heart at Ease. Now,
what says the Covetous? Why, he truly
willbe «contented to undergo the Fatigues

of Trade, Labour, and Butfinefs ;
he will rife early,-and fit up late fora

cextain space of Time, and then——
W hat, will not you allow your self the.
Satista¢tion of using some Part of your
Wealth as you gain it? will you give -
your self no Ease and Relaxation, to taste
of the Pleasures in the U{e of your Riches?
No, replies the Niggard, if I break
one Bag, it’s gone, I shall not have a

Penny left, and so on to the Second and
Third. But if you don’t, what are you
better inthe midit of your Poffeflions

than I, or a far poorer Mortal? If you

have a Hundred Granaries, Meadows,
and Fi/b-ponds full, and well fiocked,.
yet you can’t cat a Morse]l more than I,

and the fame Quantity or less will serve

Near. The Censor. 159

me who live within the Bounds of Na- a
ture, and a-small Fortune. Oh! Bur |
there is a Pleasure in taking from a
great Heap, becauie I know there’s so
much left. In return, I have the fame
Satisfaction from my little Stock, for that

answers my Ends; and he isa fantatfti-
} cal Fool that prefers dangerous Means
to a fate one when both are to the fame
End, and had rather drink out of a River
than a little Fountain or a Glass.
Well, but my Money, replies.the Mier,
procures me Eiteem and Respect, and
that I hope you will ‘ay is a laudable
Paflion. You tell me so indeed, but I
can't perceive that it does 5 you are your
own Idol and Idolater too, you bow to
your self, and only fancy that others do
so, or else you are certainly Blind: For
you are hifled at in the publick Street,
pointed at in the Temple, and cursed o-
ver every Glass of Wine that is drank
in the whole City. Indeed when you
come home, out of Fear, or a fervile
Spirit, you may mect with. some Re-
gard. Ay, at home, cries the Wretch,
ee I triumph, there I have every
thing at my Devotion, my Servants, my
Children, and my Wife, all ftudious to
please me. It is no such Matter, Sir,

you are despised even there, and tho’ 7

they dare not profefs iro your Face
every Soul m your Family curses you mn

their Hearts. Ifyou should chance to

be Sick, they ‘wall all be so far from

withing your Recovery, vhat they will

await long, and pray with Impatience to

see you Cold; they will laugh over your
Grave, and triumph in the Spoils of
your al-got Estate, without reficcting
from what Hand tt came. In short,
Sir, when you ‘Covetous Wiretches pretend
that you have a determined ‘End

in your View, you belye and deceive

our selves; every Encreafe of Wealth
atreth Appetite, and you will
never be able to leave off your Pursuits
as long as you dive by Compari/ons and
think it as impoflible-you should be Hapy,
while there is a richer Man in the
World than your self, and by Confeyou
must be always Miserable.

In short, there is.but one Rule to be
Hfappy in any Fortune, and that is, to
live within the Bounds of Nature

and Reason, and not set upan imaginary.

~ Scheme of Happiness which has no
Foundation m either. To live easy, is

to muke our Defres keep pace with

our Neoeflities; and a is safer ro exceed
them,

No22, The Censor. 166

them, than co fall in within them; for
the one laysa Ground for an imexcufable

Vice, but the other may be abated
by several Methods.
After this Leéture from an Heathen
Author, J shall conclude my Paper with
that excellent Saying in sacred Writ,
that a covetous Perjon is an ddolater ,
that is; that there is /omething which he
prefers to his Gods and has transferr’d
that Love and Honour which is only
due to the Omnipotent Being, to some
Created Substance, and so is in the ftri@
Notion of the Thing an actual

No23. Wednesday, Fune 1.

OEVT eov cick.
crAsSaives, opivas dvd\eds other,
Never go into Assemblies of the Fair —
& and Young, but I retire full of Sentrments
of the Force of Beauty, and —
the sudden Impressions which an hand-
some Face never fails of making on the
Hearts of Men. The Appearance of a
graceful

162 The Censor.

graceful Person causes Emotions, which
Philosophy itself cannot correét, nor Stoici/m
be infenfible of. 1 have seen Gaiety
aw’d with a single Look, and apert

Fop brought down to a dutiful Lover, -

by one Glance from a commanding Female.

It is to be obferv’d, whatever. —
Variety of Charmsthe Nymph may havé,
the £ye is generally the Throne of Cupid, “

where he fits in the height of Pride,

and difpences his Arrows at Will to his |
Subjects. For this Reéafon, tho’ the

Naturalifis inform us of Bafilisks, and

the of Gor gon’s Heads, I dare

affirm a beautcous Woman to be the
only Animal capable of striking a Man

dead with a Look, or of turning him .

to a Stone or Stupidity.

What has brought me onthis Sub- |
jeG@ of Love, is the following Letter,
which was transmitted to me from the |
Gentleman to whom it was writ by a

Person, on whom Beauty and the Attractions.
of a powerful Female have
made no light Impression.

Dear Fack, May 3,

“4 7Ou'll be furpriz’d to hear (from
my self, especially) that am one
of the most unfortunate Men alive;

“© fpofer o
punctual. - But you'll be apt to ask.

The Censor. 163 -

*& You know, my Circumstances are far
from being deiperate, and thac I al-
ways enjoy’da perfect State of Health:
For which Bleflings my grateful Acsnow
to the divine Diall

things, have ever been

me, What then,can make you uneafie?

Tam perfectly acquainted with
your repeated Resolutions not to be
disturb'd, or difquieted, at any cross
Accidents or Misfortunes which

‘© might befall you; as knowing that
none such could to you, un-
less by the Permission of a Power

& which (if so difpos’d,) ’cwould be in

vain to refit.

This IT am still satisfied and fully
convine’d of, but Fliefh and Blood

master and over-bear my Reason. A-

las! The Scene is changed since (at
Oxford) you were Witness to: these

Resolutions. Reason then

the Helm, but now Affeétion.

«‘ my |Heart, nor shall you long be a

Stranger to this. which I know not
whether to call Pain or Pleasure.

You know the Person by whose

are Jitirs with all the Secrets of

Direction was settled in this Coun-—

164. The Censor. N? 23.

try, so remote from my Friends; he
ha: often told me, he did it witha
Prospect to my future Advantage: But
I have too much Reason toapprehesd
*« a will be the Source and Foundation
© ef my future Woe. Not to keep
you longer in Sufpence,

** 1 have since I came to these Parts

© fertled my Affeétions, I am afraid
unhappily, on a Lady who (Human-—
“6 ly {peaking) is Perfeétion it self. You

have often heard F-———. of 9 —~ n’s

commend with Transport and Rap-

tures the Sense, Temper, and Beau-
ty of the agreeable Mirtilia: The
Lady whose: Feuers 1 wear, is the
fame. The first time Ifaw her, my
Observations were not very particu-
“¢ Jar; but at the Second Interview I
obferv’da Softnefsin her Countenance,
that bespoke a Calmnefs and Serenity
of Temper; to which was joia’d Mo-
defty, able to raise Virtuous Defircs
to the bigheft Pitch, and to dash the

wanton Pretenfions of the wildest

Libertine. 1 found an unspeakable
Satistaction in viewing her; which I
wht be done without Danht

mi

chat Pleasure encreas’d ;

ger : But the more] gaz'd, the more _

N°23. Yhe Censor. 165
still perfwaded my self the bare look-
ing on her would fix no lasting Impreflion
on my Mind, nor deeper than
that which
rally imprint: Nor perhaps had it,
good or bad, t hitherto am at a loss; )
to fall into Company and Converfa-
tion with her. “Twas then, that
Sweetness of Temper, that Difcre-
*¢ tion which before I could only guess
at, shew'd and display'd it self. Then,

that which before seem'd to have itsBe-
*¢ ing only in my Fancy, Itoundtohavea

real Existence.

Should I indulge
‘¢ have to praise her particular Virtues,
*¢ I should tire you with her Encomi-

ums. Perhaps, what I have already.

said on this Subje& ‘may seem tedi-
ous and infipid toyou, who have not
hitherto experienc’d the fott Imprefthe

Fair Sex is capable of mak-—

eg ut what shall I de? My Life is a
‘© Burthen to mie, till she is inform’d of
the Esteem and sincere

bear her; And whatever my future

‘¢ Views may be, considering the meanneG
of the Post am in at pr

cannot

agreeable Objects gene-.

the Inclination I_

efent,

366 TheCen'sor. N° 23
cannot discover my Passion without
© incurring the Imputation of Assurance.
“© What ‘the Lady’s Fortune. is, | am
“© alrogether Ignorant; tho’, could it
‘© be without detriment to her, | shou!ld
“© with it less than ’tis reported to be,
s for then | could promile my {elt.bet-
ter Hopes of Success. |
Burt every thing seems to combine
— © to make me Milerable; Her Fortune
‘¢ (if Fame may be rely’d on,) is con-
fiderably beyond what I, ought to
“© expedét,as the Market goes by way of
6¢ Settlement; and to give even an impar-
tial Account of my own Circumstances,
would be downright Madness,
“© My a Comfort is that the Lady
*¢ has Sense, and, I believe, no fordid
Affection tor Money ; and. could she
© be convinc’d that the chief Care and
«* Study of myLite (next tothat to which
«¢ all Concerns must give Place) would
be to make her's Easy, Agreeable,
~ and Pleasant to her, I should not aldefpair
of Success.
“« My Design in writing this long

Letter to you, is to ask your Advice,
“© (whose Reason is not clouded with
“© Passion) what is best to be done in

my Cafe. Whether I should boldly

declare

13. The Censor. 167

declare my Passion, or languith be-

tween Hopes and Fear, or rather
in Despair. I,-as it were, foresee your

Counsel will be, that I should aflume

a Modest Boldnefs. But thenaFrown,
or an Answer any ways discouraging,
_ © would render my Condition more
desperate than ever, compleat my

Misery, and make: me incapable for
the future of ever reluming the Subject.
|

I am Faithfully Thine,

As I am retain’d by the Gentleman,

to whom this Letter was writ, a Council
for the Lover; | am to put him in
the best Measures, according to my

Judgment, to carry his Cause, I mutt
consider him asa Plaintiff that has brought
his Aion; | mult suppose her to have
appear’d, and therefore his next Step,
cf Course, is to declare ; and -in that
Declavation \et him be so full and. .exaét,
as to leave her no Room to Demur.
Women indeed are often sway'd by

Vanity or Interest, and no less frequent-
ly by Inclination; -therefore tho’ some

168 The C EN sor. N22.

Professions of Paflion*may favour of Af-
farance, the Man, who in that Fear resolves
to be dumb, deserves to lose his
Mistress. In Love, .as in War, the Artacks
must be made ftrenuoufly, or the
Affatlant will come off by the worst.
And were I a Woman, I thould with
more {urrender to the Person
who “would carry me fairly, and
treat me with Honour; than to him |
who stood on formal Capitulations, and,
for want of Merit, was for bartering by

Equivalent in Land and Money. |

N° 24. Friday, June3.

7 Hefiod.

Aving in one of my former Papers
made an Apology for the Winebibbers,
I find some of my Readers |
have mistaken my Design, and imagine
that I have been pleading the Cause of

those everlasting Topers: who rife, perform

their constant- Course, and set in
W ine

NP 24. The Censor. 169

Vine. This fort of People have given
me to understand that they highly aE
prove of my Lecture Subject,
and one significant Person of a Culinary
Club has fignified to me in a Hand,
which I could easily perceive /ook. as
he writ, that the President had read
~ my Discourse thrice over, and had ors
der’d it to be laid upon the Table between
two Rows of to
be perufed bY the Members o
ciety. He likewise informs me, that,
inRefpect tomy Name and Family, the
Club have petitioned the Man of the
House to pull down his Sign, whichis
at aepiry ha, Bumper, and set up the
Head of my great Ancestor Ben. John
son in itsroom, which he thinks is a
Compliment I ought to be proud of.
Another Correspondent, who it seems |
is as much married to his Bottle as his
Wife, returns me his hearty Thanks for
my Reasons for Drinking; which, he
says, are as good as those contained inthe
two famous Verses which he has remembred,
and forgot five Hundred times
since he commenced a Toper. His Wife,
who I find is a Womamof a clear Voice
and an excellent Delivery, is apt to ral- |
dy the good Man his

the So-

and now,says he, as soon as ever she begins

The Censor. N24,

[fling her your Paper witha ---Here read

thee CENSOR. He does not know

how it is, but there is a Charm in it,
he says, that has tied her Tongue to its
good Behaviour for this last Fortnight.

In return to all these kind Things,-I

afflure my Correspondents that I

am no Patron of hard-drinking; and it
has always been my Opinion, there 1s

notan Animal upon the Face of the

Earth more miserable than a Sot. This

Wretch, like the Salamander, lives in

the midst of a Fire; his Blood and Spirits
continually boiling with the Fumes
of his former Excefles, and receiving a
fresh Supply for his present Debaucheries.
His Time is not measured by the
Day, or Hour, but the Bottle; and all

his Arithmetick is, /Vhat is to pay, and

how much he has drank. His Health,
his Fortune, and every thing else is diwided.and

split into Zavern Bills : And

Pints, and Quarts fland at the foot. of
every Account he makesup. To beone

of these Creatures with a

ted Face, and a wafed Carcafe, . by the
Aid of a Paralytical Hand lifting up a
to his Head that ‘works all the

while.in the fame unequal Motion, is

N° ‘The Censor. 71
an Obje c& of the utmost Aversion and

Contempt: But his Pleasure is, the

Vanity of saying he did not spill one

Brop of the precious Liquor. Absurd.

Wretch! And yet how many of this

Class are to be met with, who work —
the Day, the Week, and Year round, .

without any Season of Reftand Relaxation.
The whole Calendar is turned into
Holidays with the Drunkard, and his

Yubilee returns with every Sun that

rises.

But what of all the Extravagancies of
this vicious Custom most offends. me,
is the Pride and Triumph that these
mighty Heroes of Bacchus take in fubduing
each other, and, without a Metaphor,
knocking each other litterally under
the Table. Drinking Matches are now

become almost as frequent as Hor/e or .

Cock Matches, and the Prize is often

as considerable, tho’ the Event resembles
the latter most, where one of the

Combatants receives a Blow that either
fhortens his Life, or kills him upon the

Spor. It isa pretty Diversion for twa ratio=

nal Creatures to set down to murderone

another by of Pleasure, and {strive
who shall go first to the Grave, for the’ -

Improvement of good Fellowship.

While

Neck, havingbefore takencare tomake
mo Will whenhe had nothing to leave. ~

ehcs would beexcluded trom all man-

~The CENSOR. N° 240

While others are repeating the noble

Exploits of our Briti/a Anceffors, or the

more modern and more glorious Viétorits
of Blenbeim or Ramelies, and {etting
forth the Condué and Courage of their
Country-men, these Wretches in the
Angle of a fmoaky are boasting

the Martyrs to the Bottle, and pleasing
themselves in the Repetition of Triumphs
they ought to be hanged for.
(fall cheir Discourse were put into

plain English, it would run in no better
Strain than this; That Wik Zipple went
drunk to Flellon Monday; that Tom. Tovogallons.diedin
his Chair after the ‘Tenth
Bottle without saying one Word; that

the jolly Baronet {pent his Estate, beggard

his Family, and after a merry
Pectin fel] from his Horfeand broke his

The beit way that I know of to conwert

a Drunkard is, to beat Kim out

of that Argument which the Tribe
most value themselves upon, and that
iss that for all their Faults they are Men
of Honour, or honed Fellows, and therefore

fitrobetrufted. Now if the World
had a just Opinion of them, these Wretner

of Commerce with their Fellow

Creatures, as.unfit for Society.
Margue/s of Hakfax has touched this

Subjeét with such a Delicacy, in his

Dire&tiens for the Choice of Members to ~

serve in Parliament, that I shall forbear
to say any thing my (elf, and recommend
the Reader/to a better Entertainment

from that great Judge of Men

and Letters.

Great Drinkers are fit to serve
€ in Parliament than is apprehended.
> © Mens Virtue, as well as their Un-
© derftanding, is apt to be tainted by
The Appearance of it is fociableand
© well-natur’d, ‘bur it is by no meansto
be rely’d upon; nothing is more frail
than a Man too far engaged in wet
© Popularity.
tt isfeldom sen, that any Princi-
© ples have such a Root, as that they
~* can be Proof against the . continual
© dropping of the Bottle. _
/€ As to the Faculties of the Mind,.

therearenot less Objeétions; the Va-

¢ pours of Wine may sometimes throw
out Sparks of Wit, but they are like

scattered pieces of Ore, there is

Vein to work upon,

3 6 Such.

374 ~The. Cx NSOR. N’:4.

Such Wit, even. the bef of it, is

paying great Fines ; in which

Cafe there mutt of neceflity be. an
Abatement of the conftanc Rent.

Nothing sure is a greater Enemy to
the Brain than too much Moisture;
it can the least of any thing bear the
being continually flecped. And it

may be said, that Thought may be

resembled to some Creatures. which
can only hive ina dry Country.
Yet so arrogant are some Men, as

to think they are so much Masters of

Business, as that they can play with

it; they imagine they can. drown
their Reason once a Day, and that; it
shall not be the worse for-it; forgetting,

that by too often dividing,

the Understanding at last groweth too

weak to rife again.
© ] suppose this Fault was less frequent,

when Solon made it one of his Laws,

that it was lawful to kill a Alagiftvate
if he was found Drunk. Such Libertaken

in this Age, either mm the

Parliament, or out of it, would do .

© horrible Execution.

Monda”,

N25. The CENSOR. 175°

N25. Monday, Fune 6.

Etiam Illi, qui in ligneolis hominum Figuris
geflus movent, quando filum membri
quod agitari, folet traxerint, torquebitur
Cervix; nutabit Caput: Oculs vibrabunt:

manus ad Minifierium prafiod erunt:
mee iavenufte totus videbitur vivere.

Apul. de Mundo.

S in the fedate Moments of my
Life, 1 take frequent Rambles of |
Speculation, so 1 never fail of having
ny Mind as well as Eye delighted with
the Variety of Objects which occur to
my Observation; For when F am in
these pleasant Moods of Serenity, there
can nothing present it self, however
perverse or awkard in its kind, but what
will promote my contemplative Faculty,
and give a Rife to a Thousand occafio- .

nal Remarks.

I happen’d in- one of these lucid Intervals,

to be dragg’d along with a

Friend of Business thro’ the Hurry of
the Royal Exchange, and from thence to

196 TheCensor. WN 25.

the Custom-boufe Keys: In the first Place, © |
my Ears were affaulred with

Sentences of buying Stock, from

Eights to Three Quarters, so much Di/-
count, and many other Fragments pecuto
the Phrase of Merehandize.
When Ll came ta the Keys, I was worie
diftragted with repeated Hammerings,
‘#plitting of Tebaceo-tubs, and the hoaric
Clamours of the robust Potters about
the Cranes, who Jook’d like so many
Archimedes’s that could toss the Globe.
Perceiving such Crouds of People employ’d
in their different ways, and acting
in a fort of regular Confufien without
disturbing each other, |] could not
heip reflecting on the little wéoden Family.of
my facetious Fnend Powell:
This 4rtif is furnish'd with Perfonages
to’ play on~Nature in all her Degrees

and Distinctions of Quality, from a Tine

fel Emperor to a ragged Lazar. In this

height of Business when I obferv’d the —

Deterence paid to a burly Head-Officer,

that stalk'd full of the Knowledge of ©

his Dignity, my Imaginations were full
of the famous Charlemain, and again
when some Under-frappers in Power
—fhuffled along, and all the Complement
to them was =--’Servant, Mafler; Iconfider’d

N° is. The Censor.

fider’d them as so many London Prodi«

gals that liv’d- on the Loose, and never

allow’d their Occupations a Moment,
beyond the time prefcrib’d by Cu/fom or

Muthority.

I likewise consider these bufie Ani= -
mals, like Pwppets, in another Senfc 5:
you shall observe thofc little Mechanicks
to stir their Stumps, whirl round their
Bodies, and rowl their Eyes as Occasion
serves, and yet cannot discern the
Springs of those respective Motions. It
1s ju(t so with the aétive Part of Mankind;
they buille and. hurry ;. toil ant

fplutter; wecan see the Pains they take,-

and the Compliance of their Limbs to
what they are engag’d ig, but cannor
penctrate tothe Influences under which
they act. I donot mean the Natural |

Caufesof Motion, or the Office of Mulcles

in Humane Bodies, but the various
Interests in Lite which fer those butfie
Mortals a going. |
Were I difpos’d tobe jocofe, I could
animadvert on the Numbers of Objcés,
this Day swarming about the Fie'ds, -
that look yet more like Powell’s artificial

Engines, than the Produ& of Na-

cure’s Wisdom. They are dref§’d, like
gorgeous Puppets, in their Holy-day

Geer’.

m8) Censor, N°2¢.
Gecr, and move as awkardly as if they
had not Joints, but their Limbs were

clap’d together and fixt to their Bodies
on Wiers.

But I shall rather chufe: to imitate

the Author, whose Words I have borrow’d

at the Head of my Paper; anddivert

the low and ludicrous Image to a

Reflection of more Weight and Dignity.
Ali the Operations of. Providence

stand on the fame Foot; the Celettial |
Influence infinuates it self by an unseen

Attachmenr,. and one Impulse of the

Divine Will, hike a Master-spring, puts

the inferior Cauies in Agitation. ‘The

fiyit Emithon of his Power being made,

every thing, by mucual and communcated
Impulles, receives a Motion proper
to its Nature: We have Eyes that
discern the Effeét; of this imperceptible
Ordination; and Underftandings and
Conjectures thar soar up to second Causes;

but the Intercits of the Almighty,

in the Disposition’ of his Works, isa
Secret sir only for Angels to contem-
I confess, the Influences under which
Men act are frequently obvious and apparent;
their Paflions are the Keys of

Ation, and it is very cafy to diftinguith

betwixt.

N°25. The CENSOR? 179

\ betwixt the Man that takes Pains only
for a Livelyhood, and him that labours
toamafs a Treature. It seems very plain
to methat worldly Interest, and a little
Spirit of Avarice, were the Motives.of

the following Petition, which was this |
Morning sent to me in a small Band-dox.

humble Petition of Martha Twist-.
rowl, Spinfler and Millinery tothe
Benjamin
SOR of Great-Britain.

OUR Petitioner sets forth that being
a Woman, induftrious in lrerCalling,and
willing to live wellinthe World,
_¢ she humbly hopes that your Honour will
think proper, upon her Petition, to re-
commend to -general Wear the molt
becoming Fashion of Black-Heads.
your Petitioner having attain’d the Secret
of making them up with an extraordinary
Air, and having avery good ©
Custom amongift the Ladies of the middle
Rank, would be a considerable Gainer
if the said Fashion could be brought
to bear. If likewise your 7 orfbip would
please totake Notice, that to make the,
Expence the more ealy, I have provided a
good of cont, fe Gau/e, and

The Censor. Nas,
Love; and that it thall be at the Ladies
Plesfure to buy their own Ribbands at |
3 the Marlborough Cellars ; it would be a |
Particular Obligation, and your Petitioner,
‘9s in Duty bound, shall ever

Pray, &¢. | 5 |
Martha Twist-rowl.

E make bold to send your Worship
of these Heads, inclos’d; if
it may be worthy bf the Wear

of any of your Friends.

Tho’ I was pleas’d with the
plaifance of this. Female Trader, and
thall consider her as the first who has
fignaliz'd me with the Title of E/guire,
et | cannot favour her in this Matter.
further than by the Insertion of her Petition.
As I cannot perfwade my self the . {
Fashion is becoming, so, by my Office,
Jam obliged to Cenfure the Levity of —_
she Sex, in foregoing 4 Dress advanta- ~~
gious to their Beauty, for this new. and |
difagreeable Axotick. I have made my
Observation on several that have wore
them; the Pale and Fair look like so
many Pewi!s, andthe Brownand Ruddy
like Zarain the Tragedy. I am confadent

that had the famous Pevrerer’s

N 26: Wedncfilay, june 8.

26. The Censor.
Wife in Bedlam furviv’d to have seen

this Dress, her Pride would scarce have

one far enpughto have encourag’d the

afhion by her falling into it; For the
Head Mrs. Twi/i-row/ was so kind to
send me, as I have a{mall parcel of Cherries
rip’ning for me, I have sent it into
the Country to my good -Cousin, with
Direétions for her to fix it on a Pole in
the Orchard, to serve for a Scare-crow.

Fy wu seTay Te Tes
xy). inf{Prom.

] Have not a few times diverted my
A self with observing how Authors in
different Ages have not only flipt into
the fame Sentiments. without copyin
from their Predecessors ; but have work’c
up a Maxim with a certain Samene/s ot

Thought, and sometimes of Exprefiton.

I remember the Learned Dr. Bentley
has made it one of his Exceptions to
Phalaris’s Epittles being ‘Genuine, that

the Tyrant has made ule of some Proverbial_

verbial Sentences, which are recorded
as the Inventions of Authors of a much

later Date, and therefore Phalaris could

not write those Epiftles, because he has
used some Sayings that were not in Being

in his Age. I confess, I am not

totally satisfied with this Argument, I

look upon it a Hardship next to an Im-. |
possibility to determine ftri@tly the Periods,
and Ojryvigins of such Senten-'

ces; and were it nota Work: that would
favour.too much. of Pedantry and Affectation
of *Book-Learning, I could
produce several of these fententious Frags
ments, which have been feverally attri
buted to five or fix diftinét Authors,
and that on the Testimonies of great
Hands. But this is a Digreflion tronr
the Subjeét 1 intended. I was proposing
to thew from this Paflage of M/s
chylus prefix’d to my Paper, how clotely
the fame Sentiment has been traced, by
Authors of different Ages and Language,
without being beholding to each other
for an Imitation. This sentence in the
Grecian Poct is spoken by Prometheus after
he is bound to Mount Cawca/us, and
in the height of his Distress is advis’d by
the Sea-Nymphs to quit his Refentmenis
and aflume a Temper;

182 Censor. N26,

26, The CENSOR. 183

How easy tis to com*ort and
The Wretch that labours under racking Pains,
For him that tastes not of the Grief bim{elf /--

Terence in his Andrian Weman has given
~Charinus, in a Perplexity of a lghter

Nature, a Sentiment very conformable

to the Tragedian’s ;

Facile omnes, cum valenus, relia Confilia
fi bic fis, aliter fentias. —-

Our own Shake/pear has wove the fame

Thought into one of his. Comedies, but

follow’d it with a larger Scope of .Lan-—

guage and Obfcrvation; However, as
all his Infertions of this kind have a: peculiar
Force and Beauty, 1 shall nor
think it amifs to quote the whole, since.
I have every where endeavour’d to infinuite
Morality, and reckon it as much
a Part of my Office to recommend what
Men ought to do, as cenfure what they
ought to avoid. :

Men counsel, and give Comfort toi that Gricf
Which they them/eives not feel; but tasting it,
Their Counfelturns to Passion; which before
Would give infruftful Med'cine unto Rage,

Fetter

184 The Censor. N26).
Fetter firong Madne/s filken Thread,
Charm Achwith Airyand Agony withW ords:
Thus itis all Mens Office to [peak Patience
To those that wring under the Load of Sorrow, -
But no Man’s Virtue nor Suff- ciency
To be so Moral, when be foall endure

Lhe like hi nfelf.
Mens Grfefs cry louder than Advertisement ;
And there was never yet Pbilofopber

That could endure the Tootb-azh paticnt!y,

However they have writ the Stile of Gods,
Aid made a Pifh at Chance and Sufferance,

think this Poet, whose Honour
mult never dye till Taite and Judgment
are withered in our. Country, has grac‘d
this Subject with a Lecture of equal
W ifdom and Elegance. We preach up
Patience and Consolation at every ‘Turi,
but n¢ver can put the Lesson into Pratice.
Our Fortunes have always some
Dittemper, which. makcs us four and
difcontented: We talk gravely cf the
Allotments of Providence, and of Refignatign
to the Divine Will; yer, like
froward Children, we break and throw
from us the Bleflings of indulgent Heaven,
and require to be furnith’d every
Moment with freth Felicitics.

ON 26. The Censor. 185

Sir Richard Bulfrede, whole Effaysare

lately publith’d, has touch’d the Subjeé&

of our Difcontents with much Nature,
and Eafinefs of Stile. This great Man
seems te me to write, as a Courtier of »

King Chariles’stime would speak he has

Fluency without Affectation; his Notions

are {trong and of a good Compals;

and his Writings are full of Strokes of
Divinity, as well as moral Inftru€tion :

I beg leave to hope I may entertain my
Readers with a Quotation from him,

that isa natural Sequel to the Theme

I had taken in Hand.

‘© He that enjoys the greatest Happiness

in this, World, dees {till want

one Happiness more to secure him for

and if the Enjoyments of this Life
were certain, yet they are unlatislye -
ing, it is a hatd thing that every
thing in this World can trouble. us,
“¢ but nothing can give us Satisfaction.
“¢ I know not how it is, but either we,
*¢ or the things of this World, or both,

_ © are so fantaftical, that we can neither
be well with these things nor with-
outthem: If we be hungry, we are .
“¢ in Pain; and if we be full, we are

uneasy: If we are Poor, we think

186 The Censor. N26.
selves Miserable; and if we be Rich, .

we commonly really are so; if weare
in alow Condition we fret and murmur;
if we chance to get up and are

raised to Greatne(s, we art many times

farther from Content than before;
so that we pursue the Happiness of
this World just as little Children
chate Birds, when we think we are

very near it, and have it almost in
our Hands, it flies farther from.

than it was at first. Indeed the Enjoyments
of this World are so far

trom affording us Satisfaction, as the ©

fweeteit of them are most apt to fatiate
and cloy us: All the Pleasures
of this World are so contriv’d as to

yicld ps very little Hapoinefs; if

they gooff soon they signify nothing,
and if they stay long we are sick of
them. After a full Draught of any
sensual Pleasure, we presently loath
it; and hate it as much after the Enjoyment,
as we search'd and long’d
for it in Expeétation: But the Delightsofthe
other World,asthey {til
give us full Satisfaction, so we shall
never be weary of them; every Repetition

of them will be accompanied |

with a new Pleasure and Content-

ment:

N°27. Fhe Censor.” 187
ment: In -the Felicities of Heaven
two thingy will be’ reconcil’d, which
*¢ never met together in any sensual De-
light, long and full Enjoyment, and
“© yet a fresh and perpetual Pleasure; it
would embitter the Pleasures of Hea-

ven to see an End of them, tho’ at .

‘© never so great a Distance: But God
‘© hath so order’d things that the vain

[elights of this World should be tem-

© porary, but the substantial Pleafurés

-& of the next World be as lasting as

they are Excellent.

Friday, June 10.

E Cals defeendit, Javen.
Fi @& Bealise, x Antiph,

within Ten Miles of the Bills of Mortality,
to learn the true State of Habits,

have given me but avery indifferent Ac-
~count on both Heads. I find the Beaz

Monde is reloly’d to dre/s in Contempt

S Ltook Care to send out my Scouts;
toa!i Places‘of Resort and Pleasure, |

Manners; their respective Reports)

188 7 The CENSOR. 27.

to Gracefulne/s, and behave in Defiance
of Decency. It looks as if Vanity had
made War on
of Labertinifm triumph’d over Morality.

I confess, I can much easier difpente

with some Extreams in Habit, than a
flicentious Levity of Behaviour;.and as
odious a Vice as Pride is, I would al-

low both Sexes an Indulgence for Fa- —
fhions, so the Ladies will not think —

themielves Goddesses, and the Men,

like Alexander, difclaiming their Fathers,

expect to be deem’d Sons of Fupiter
Ammon. We ought to remember that

mothing can become us so well, as Hu-

mility and a nfedeft Carriage: Arroance
and assuming Airs are going direly
out of our Sphere, and orgetting
our Racdre and Condition. The Viciffitudes

of Fortune, and frequent Chan-.
ges which we see happen to the most
exalted Stations, should serve to disarm:

us of our swelling Passions, and put us
in Mind that we are but mortal.
To know our selves of Old was accounted

a great part of Wisdom, bur

Custom and Fashion have now made it

a Rule to forget we are Men. Vanity

and Oftentation over-run our Natures,

and make us neither see our own Frailod

Sense, and a Spirit —

Ne 27. TheCensor. 189

ty, nor the Perfe&tion of the Power to
we owe our Being: I remembef
itis an Obfervaion of Mr. Collier’s, that
there are but three tolerable Pretenc s

for Pride, which are Learning, Nobili- ©

ty and Power; and yet all of them, duly
examin’d, should rather make us
humble than vain. 3

The Height of all Socrates's Learning,
and Difquifitions into Nature, amount- |
edtono more thanto know certainly that.

he knew nothing. The farther we

make our Progress in Knowledge, the: ©

nearer we come to the Diicovery of
our Ignorance and Infufiiciency. ‘The
Heathen Philosophers, if any Body,
had the best right to pride themselves
in their Learning, = 5

of Certainty were their Searches, how

dubious and contradictory their Deter-f

minations? The Seéts wrangled with

each other on Points which none of ©
them could prove; and they oftenbroke |

in upon ther own Assertions. Shall
we boast, and look big on Account of
our Knowledge, and yet cannot, tell
how. the Seajons change, or why, the
Wight and, Day so regularly succeed,

each other ? Shall we {well and: be vain,
of our Underftandings and. Capacities,

when

yet how short .

The Censor. 27.
when ali our Positions are but Chimerical,
and the’ Vop of our Knowledge,
but Surmize and Conjeéture? Wharare
our Arts and Sciences but Amufements,
invented to fill up the Charms of our
Time, and puzzle and perplex us with
more elaborate Ignorance?

Have we-more reason to be proud of
our Nobility? Is there Merit in Degrees
and Difinctions of Birth and Quality; ©
Js it a Cause for Oftentation to stand at
the: foot of a long Genealogy, or that we

can fill up a°Gallery with the Pictures
of our Ancefors? How easily might our
Vamty be put ‘out of Countenance,
with being inform’d that our Grandeur
began in a. drudging Pleleian, or some
that more fordidSlave,rose by his Villanies?

Or lastly, have we reason to assume
on being invested with Power? Is Preheminence
of that Price that it can add
—toour Value? What are our Afcents.
in Dignity, but so many Steps to Danger
andUneafinefs? Isthere any thing more
unreasonable than Acquisitions of Power,
any thing more precarious than the maintaining
of it when acquir’d? A Fitherman
by happy Force and the Connivance
of Providencesmay be seated ona Throne;
anda Monarch, by the

27. The Censor:

his Subjects and the Frowns of Heaven,
turn’d our, like Nebuchadnezzar, to
giaze on the Mountains.
Indeed Learning, Nobility, and
Power, rightly apply’d, may be ineftimable
Treasures Learning may let us
into. the Knowledge of what we are,
and what we should be; teach us the
Dependance and Subjection we are born
to, and the Obligations we lie under .
to the Lord of our Deftinies. Nobility
may still improve this Lesson;. The
Homage and Deterence that are paid to
— Superiors, inftruét us with how much
~more Reverence.we should adore a Being
whose Power and ‘Quality are above
the Limits of all, Degrees: And is not
our Power a Trust from Heaven, which
puts us in a Poflibility of being ferviceable
ina widerCompais?
Elian gives us an elegant and feafonable
Reply of Simonides to Paufanias,
which at once was a tacit Reproof to
that General’s Pride, and an Admonition
to him, of the Instability of human
Things. As they were merry together
over their Cups, Pau/anias commanded
him, to say something wife; to which
Simonides with a Smile return’d, Remember,
thou art a Man. The General,
elevated

The Cr NSOR. N° 27.

elevated with Wine and Power, flighted
the Precept as ulelefs and trivial;
but when afterwards he fled for San@tuary
to Minerva’s Temple, when Death
from without and Famine within star'd
him in the Face, he was heard to cry

out thrice upon Simonides, and accule

himself of Stupidity, for neglecting a

Sentence that had more Weight in it

than he apprehended. The Scythians
as handfomely check’d the Impiety of
Alexander, when he would have pass'd
upon them for a Deity. /f vou are a God,
(laid they) you ought to confer Benefits ox
Mortals, not.rob them of tleir Property.
But if you are a: Man, alwaxs think your
self to be what you ane. Tis abjurd to

bear in Mind /uch things, as make you fore

Tcannot dismiss this Subje& without
taking Notice of a Monument, which

has more Offtentation in it than is de-—

cent on these Occasions. It is ereéted

on the side of a Garden-Wall on the —

Entrance to’ the Town of Twickenham,
under which are laid the Ashes of Mrs.

Whitrow a Quaker, and over whichthis

Jnfcription is ingrav’d on a Stone.

Aotte

N° 27. TheCensor: 198

Motte Teipfum,
Here, at her Desire,

are deposited in a Vault the
Remains of Mrs. Joane Whitrow 5

whose Soul on the 8th of Septemb.1797.

left this World, and a/cended
into the glorious Foys of the Fuft,
having liv'd about 76 Years.
She was Eminent for ber
Great ABSTINENCE;
Her Charity was universal;
She lov'd all good Persons
without Regard to Party.
She was favour'’d by Heaven
with Uncommon Gifts.
She wrot several pious Books,
She was an extraordinary Person,
and came as near Perfettion,
as the brighteff Saints
that ever adorn’d the Church
since the Apoftolick Age. 2

Examine your [elves
Death and Judgment
come,

| 194 The Censor.

N° 28. Monday, June 12.

Quid est enim Libertas? Poteflas vivendi,
ut-velis. Cic.

Rts and Sciences seem to have their
Seasons of Life and Vigour, of Decay
and Death; they revive and flourish
from some Secret Influence which
we cannot easily trace, fade and are exfrom
Causes equally remote

unobfervei. Some Men have fanccied
that as Plants and — de-
pend very much for their Growth: and
Beauty upon the Power of the Climate,
and the Nature of the Soil; so Wit
and Learning fubfift and flourith from
the Form and Model of the Government
to which they are fubjeét. There

is indeed some Reason in this Maxim,

since Free States and Kingdoms have been
always obferv’d to produce Men of Let-

ters and Genius; and where-ever atruc.
Liberty reigns, there muit be a Spirit of
Reason and good Sense; and when A/en —

dare to Think as they please, rts are
certainly in a fairer way of receiving
Improve-

N°28 The Censor.

Improvement, than where the Mind. is.
rettrained to a certain set of Thoughts,
out of which it must not venture for
fear of bringing its Partner the Body
in fora Sufferer. <A Zyranvy over the

Bodies of Men mutt be supported by a
Tyranny over their Souls too: And

therefore an Arbitrary Government can
never be said to be in Safety, while
there isa Spark of Reason left in the 3

Bosom of its Subjects. Jgnorance is the |
Mother of Slavery, as well as of Super=
fiition,; and some Countries have a jufter |

—Tirle to Dulne/s, than ever Beotia had
of Old, froma more fatal Cause than |
a heavy Air, or a damp Climate. “We
have a severe Instance, in a neighbouring
Aingdom, of the Effects that Government
has upon the Sciences; since

Wit and Learning have begun to decline

among them as fast as Tyranny has advanced;

and of all the late Produétions
of their ele Men, none have been
Excellent but those that were worked
up by a Spirit for Liberty, ‘This Consideration
has sometimes made me reflec |
ona Tyrant in anew Light; asaperverfe
Being that acts in Opposition to |

the great Creator, and tries to alter the
very End and Design of those Second
K 2 Causes

196 The Censor. N’28.
Causes which Heaven has appointed to

produce different Effeéts.. To make
this Notion a little plainer to my

Reader I shall chufe France for an: Instance.

This Country has the Advantage
of a happy Situation, a fine temperate

Air, and a noble Soil: so that

fition of Things, and hy kindness of

Nature, seem designed to dignify the
humane Species by some extraordinary
of Rea/on, being in Possession as
it were of all the natural Canfes that
are appropriated to produce those glorious
E ts. Thus we may say that

Providence has calculated this Spot of

the World for a superior Genius and
Spirit to its Neighbours; and it is not

to be denied that some Years ago it

seemed.to stand in that Reputation with
the rest of Mankind, as Athens and Romie
had before. Behold it at present languifhing

and witha Sickness |

that cleaves to its Vitals; Letters and

Arts: drooping under the hard Hand of

Opprefion; all their Wit and Learning
degenerated into the mean Artifices of
Cunning, or the low Servility of wretsched
Panegyric Their Climate is ftili
the fame, but their Govermment mer

Inhabitants by the external Difpo- |

N28. The Censor. Or
the finerefs of their Air, and the Spirit of
their Fruits is {till the fame, but their
Liberties are loft and extinguished, and
nothing Great and Glorious can be effeéted
without them. And who is it,.
that has thus altered the End of Second
Causes,and aéted in Opposition tothe Wi/=
dom of the Creator? Let them enjoy
their Grand Monarck; Vs these are the
Fruits of his Sway, we envy them not! |
I hope my Reader will pardon me
for this Reflection, which I assure him
does not proceed from any Reasons of
Party; which I exempted my self from
meddling with, when I assumed this
Character. 1 was indeed led into this
Subje& upon considering of the Death
of a late Great Man, te whom Arts and:
Sciences are more indebted than to any
private Man perhaps that ever our Na-

tion produced. So universal an Encourager

of all manner of Learning deserves
10 be held in the highest Veneration

by all its Professors. I was in hopes

~that some one, out of the many He had

raised, would have before now paid a_
Refpeét to the Memory of that Great
Maecenas. However, tho’ the Mu/es have
as yet been silent upon this Occasion,
J am glad to see him remembred by

the Translator | of the first Book of the
Iliad: And since what he has (aid upon
the Earl of Halifax is Jutt, Decent,
and Short, I thall tranfcribe it for the
Benefit of my Reader.
His consummate Know ledge in all
kinds of Business, his winning Eloquence
in publick Assemblies, his
© aétive Zeal for the Good of his: Coun-
try, and the thare he had in convey- |
ing the supreme Power to an illuftri-
ous Fymily, famous for being Friends
© to Mankind, are Subjeéts ealy to be
© enlarged upon, but incapable ot be-
ing exhaulted. The Nature of the
following Performance more direétly
leads me to lament the Misfortune ~
which hasbefallenthelearned World, § ~
by the Death of so generous and
verfal a Patron. |
Herefted not ina barren Admi-
66 ration of the Polite Arts, wherein
he himfelfwas so great a Matter ; but
*¢ was actuated by that Humanity, ‘they
naturally inspire: Which gave Rife
to many excellent Writers, who
have cast a Light upon the Agd in
which he lived, and will diftingdith
to Potterity. Ic is. well known,
that very few celebrated Pieces

N° 28. The Censor. 199

been publithed for Years, but
what were either promoted by his
Encouragement, or {upported by his
Approbation, or recompented by his
Bounty. “And af the Succeflion of
Men, who excel in the most refined
Aris, should not continue, (though
“© some may impute it to a decay of
‘¢ Geniusin our Country-men;) those
“© whoare acquainted with his Lordihip’s

Character will know niore juflly how
to account tor it.

N’ 29. Wedneflay, June . 15.

Yoculare tidi videtur, sane bene,.

Daum nibil majus babermus, calanzo ludimus.

Ooking over my Letters from Cor-
F , respondents I fell upon some which

I ought not to have neglected so long;
but as [ do not believe they are much ©
the worle for keeping, I shall prefenc
them to my Reader for the Entertainment
of this Day. For my own Par
J can’t see any Reason why we Writers
should be restrained from making the
beit of every thing, or mixing accord-

K 4 ing

200 The Censor. 29.
ing to the Custom of the Ladies small
Fragments of Silk, which can be of no
other Use, into a kind of Patch-work ;

a Work that gives curious Amufements
tothe Fancy while the pretty Dames

consider from what different Quarters.

the Parts are borrowed, and how lovingly
the Top-knot and the Garter, the

Bell’s Petticoat, and the Beau’s Breeches,

unite in the Contexture of a Cujbion.
Fhe Motely Pieces that make up this
Paper may perhaps not prove so entertaining,
but they certainly make a Part

of my Furniture, and therefore are not

be omitted,

Mr. Febnfon, |

© ¥ Am resolved not to call you Censor,
for I see you value your self
“© upon that Name, and I love to mor-
*¢ tity People at my Heart. Pray, what
have youto do with our Head-dre/-

or to make your Comparisons a-

© bout our Looks? I must tell you
“© that you are no Judge, if you con-
‘© demn a Fashion which is so generally

followed and admired, and you ought

“© to know that we Women are never in
the wrong. Lard! When some Peo-
© ple set up for Writing they grow so

N° 29. The Censor. 205
filly, and provoke People every Day
with that they have nothing at all
to do with, so they do, that they do.
_ © And now, Pray Mr. Fobn/on, say no
more about the flead-dre/s, for if you
do I will get a Lover of mine who
isa witty Man, and has writ Seven
‘© Plays that were never aéted thro*
Spight, to write a severe Letter to you,
‘© and be even with you for abusing

our Sex, and more especially me,

Sarah All-Feather.

1 don’t know what to say to so angry

a Correspondent, but only that I amin

much more Fear of her Beauty, than

the Wit of her Lover, whose Seven

unatied Plays are not near {9 terrible to

me, as.a single Frown from a Lady’s

Brow. My next ts from another Fair,

who happens to entertain some better

Thoughts of me than the former, and |
ules me with much more Respect.

Most Venerable Cex/or,
oc Y Thoughts are divided between
very ‘humble Servants
of quite different Characters,
the Ove is no better than.a Fool, and

jjThe Censor. 29

the Other worse than a Krave.
Thit¢y are both equally Happy in their
Fortunes, and sardesble in their Persons,
and. if I could but mix some Part
«© of the Innocence of the Owe, and
of the Cunning of the Orber together,
IT might pick out a good Husband

between them’ both, But as the |

Cafe stands, if ltake Mr. Do/t, he

. & may grow Poorer, and I not Richer;
if Mr. Saétle, he may grow Richer, | -
‘6 and I still be the. Poorer; the farit, |

“© may Mifmanage his‘ own Fortune,
“6 tho’ he shall not touch mine; and

the Second will have mine, tho’
he improves his own every Hour.
As there is no depending upon the +.

easy Nature of a Fool on the one

‘© As ro the Point of Reputation, that
© iss what the World will think of
either of these Matches, I am wholly
ynconcerned, the Women will cer-
tainly commend one Choice, and the
« Men, at least those of this World, the

other. Yet still I am in fufpence,
and if I know-my own Heart, undetermined
by any fecrez Affection :

Hand, so there is no trusting to the #
Generosity of a. Azave on the other. *

N° 29. The Censor. 203,

To you therefore, enerable Cen/or,

T come-as to an Oracle, to pronounce

the Pate of,
Your Admirer,
Diana -Doubrfuil.

Tho’ IT believe ‘the Lady has Sense
enough to direct herself without my
Advice, yet since she seems to depend

upon m Judgment, T own that a ‘moderate

Caluitt may easily resolve her
Scruples.. For there are a_ certain Set
of Men in the World called Lawyers,
who will tell her, that she may by proper
Instruments tye up either Fool or

Kuave-as the pleases, by consent of Partics.

But I take hold of another Shred

of an E pie to compleat my Patchwork.

nt me a Book the other

Cénfor
N ol iend of mine, a Furies

“) Day,- where I found an Account of
© certain Vefels made to hold the Tears

which were shed at Funerals, calle
ed Lacrymatories. Now, Sir, I un-

“¢ (tind thac at the Interment of the

204. TheCensor. N 20.

s* Ancients every Man had bis Bottie,
< for quite a different Ufethan we have
“© at Modern Burials.
“¢ I would fain have this oli Custom
looked into by our Critics, and the
first thing I would! recommend to
them, is the fixing the Standard of
the Bottlesy and whether this Zear-
Meafureis Mle, or Wine-Mea/ure, tho’
being my self of a dry Conttitution,
IT am ‘inclined ro fancy it must be the
Jatter.
The next thing I propose is to enquire
whether they were used by
“¢ Strangers or Relations, and how much

bigger the Lacrymatory of the imme-_
diate Heir to the deceased was, than

_ © those of the rest of the Mourners, and

what Proportion those of younger Bro-
“¢ thers might bear to the Eldest. For
*< I suppose that every one drop’d into
his Bottle in Proportion to what was

left him.
It ought to be considered,

«¢ if a Man had more Inclination to

“© Jaugh than to Cry on such Occasion,
Tears expressed by the A&i-
‘© on of Laughter ought not to go into
es the Account of the Decea/ed,as much
«as if it had been the Effe&t of

When

N30. The Censor. 205

When these Matters are settled to

my Satistaction, I have’ some more
important Questions upon the fame.
Subject, which will be communicated
to youby, |

humble S ervait,

N° 30. Friday, June 17.

Atyo uate Jes, ad trav
En Sacw, au deg wacw

Scphoc, m Elc&.

Avene’ and the Suppofition of a

Person's Death, upon his Return »

and Re-appearance in the World, have
often contributed to raise his Value, and
make him of more Price and Estimation,
than when he remain’d altogether
on the Spot, and was free of his Presence
and Conversation. The Verses
that I have chose for my Motto to this
Paper are a Testimony that this isno new

Maxim, but founded on the venerable
Authority

206 The Censor. N°. 10

Authority and Opinion of above Three
Thousand Years. . Oreffes, when he is for |
sending his Governor to Mycenee to relate
the forg’d Account of his Death, was
{so far from being thock’d at the ‘Omen,
in which the Old Grecians were always
very Superttitious, thay he warrants his
Device from Precedent, and conccives |
fair Hopes from the Remark he makes :
in the following Lines. =

Why foould I grieve to be reported Dead,
While I vife fairer from that Death sup-
Jo Nobler Life, to Happine/s and Fame? —
Nor can the Tale which profits prove
afirous :
Oft have I keard of Men, for W ‘fom

fam'd,
Revive, and flourish from imagin’d Tombs,

Io frelo Renown, and more illuprrious Tri.
umpbs,

Such is the Depravity of the World,
and so prevalent i is Envy, that we make |
it a Rule to flight our Contemporaries, ,
and only honour them in their Aes. |
We scarce ever esteem a Man equal to”
his Merit, ‘till we have loft him; and

then we are free to do his Memory Justice.

N° 30. The Censor. —
—ftice. We find by Horace, this was the
very Practice of the Auguftan Age;

Vivtutem odimus,
Sublatam ex Oculis querimus invidi.

I thall not make it my. Business to odeclaim
on this Head, but take my Leave
of ic with a Remark of Paterculus; Le
always treat things present, says he, with

Envy; things pai, with Veneration; for

we believe our selves kept under by the former,
but infirutted by the latter.

For this Reason I thould advise Aue -
thors, in whatever Degree of Reputation
with the Town, to take proper

Occasions of withdrawing, and permit
the World to with for their Revival. It

is an Artifice that not only relieves their

Pens, but gives their Imagination an

Opportunity of Recruiting, and lays a

Foundation for their future Charaéter.
To load the Press with continual Publications,

is debafing the Science of Writing
into a Trade; making our past:

Works \ike dead Stock, or unfafbionable
Silks in a Mercer’s Shop, which must
be fold at an Under-price, because newer
Figures are in

lofopher, during t

208 TheCensor.
For my own Part, I mean to follow
the Example of an ancient ‘Philosopher.
Hermippus intorms us, that Pythagoras,
soon after his Arrival in /ta/y, had a pri- ©
vate Room made under Ground; and
having caused a Report to be spread of
his Death, he hid himself in that Sub-
terranean Lodging, ordering his Mo-
ther from time to timeto let himdown
Meat with Privacy, and an Account in
writing of all Affairs that happen’d in
Crotona,and the adjacent Villages. After
afufficient Time of Retirement, he comes
abrgad, pretending to be risen from the
Dead; and tells all the Circumstances
of things as they had happen’d since his |
fuppos’d Death, as if he had learn’d them
in the other World: Which Project procur’d
him a mighty Authority.
In Imitation of this Sage, 1 must acquaint
my Readers, that I have provided
a Dormitory, wherein I design for
about Four Months to be buried Alive:
And I must desire them from this. Day
to come into the Deceit, and suppose
meé in an actual State of Death. 1 have
taken the like propemMeaflures as the Phierm
of my Silence,
for Food and ZJntelligence; and shall be
faithfully advertis’d of the Growth and
Decay

N° 30.. Zhe Censor. 29
Decay of Follies and Fafbions. FE hope

the Notion of my 4sferity under Ground,
and the severe Remarks I must make on
things in that abfraéted Way of Life,

will have a proper Influence on the .

Conduct of the Gay World, and not
tempt me to anak their Obftinacy
with too great Fury, when I come to
[peak again. |
Diogenes Laertius, I remember, has
amus’d us with a Story of Old Epimenides,
of which I cannot inforce the Credit.
This Cretan Poet being sent out
into the Field by his Father to take care
of his Flocks, was {pent with the Heat
and overcome with Drowfinefs; to hu-
mour which, he withdrew to a Hovel,
and there falling into a Slumber, slept
for the Space of Seventy Five Years.
When he awoke, he found a mighty
Change in Buildings and Faces; and
met no Objeé&, he had the least Remembrafce
of, but his Brother, who

was grown a very old Man. What I

design by this Story, is the following
Application: T am preparing to

Dormant for a Seafom I must be per-—

mitted to declare my Fears, that tho’ |
should /leep double the time of Epimenides,
I shall scarce find a totai Change in the

reigning

vial

210 The Censor. 3>.

reigning Vices, or Jmpertinencies of the
Age; and tho’ some should Dye, I thall
expeét them to shoot out in a New Seciesy
and, like Buildings rising from Ru-

ins,. fourifh. in a more {plendid Ap-
pearance : However, I have itrong Hopcs

that the Black Heads and all such Exeticks
will have loft their Existence, and

that we shall trust to the Growth of

our own Country for the Propagation
of future Extravagancies. |
That I may not be thought wholly

idle in my Separation, I have Thoughts

of giving Orders to some Eminent Car-

ver, to make such a Head as I shall direct,

of my great Precedeffor in this
Office, Marcus Cato the Censor. When I
revisit the World in Print, I design to
have a Head-piece of this Grave Roman
erected on a proper Stand in Dick Leveridge’s
Coffee-house, as well to encourage
the Industry of that honest Man,
as to receive my Correspondents Billets
with less Trouble. Now: as the Person
that takesupon him to Cen/ure, mutt have
Open Ears to Report; I have determin’d
that the Ear of this Dumb Repretentative
of my self shall be the Vehicle of my
Intelligence ; and for this Reason it thall
be form’d without a to bai

The Censor. 211

its Communication with the lower Parts

of the Head, so that the Papers thrown.

in at that Orifice shall immediately descend
below the Beard, where there’ shall
be a proper Contrivance for their Vent.

[ have but one thing more to mention,
before I.take my Leave; and that
is, to thank the Publick for the kimd
Reception they have givento those Lacubrations
of mine, which have already
visited the Light: And to aflure them,
it will oblige me more particularly to
itudy Diversion in,my future Labours.

CAsTO, a. Country Gentleman, no great Be
liever in Ghosts and Spirits, N, 11,
Aristotle, no of Shakefpear’s,
Arts Sciences depend upon a Free Government,
Avarice described ani rally’d from Horace, N. 22.
of the Censor, her great Pafflion for Greek, N.
Marcus, his Head valued the Cen/or,

EN, vid. Fobufon.

Benjamine. a rich Godfarter of the Confer N. 6.

Booth, an excellent Plyer. N. 9.

Boyle (Lore Orrery his Judgment on the; Beauty of
the Greek Vongue, N. 19.

Button’s Coffee House, N.

of his discover'd, N.

Cenjor, his Pedigree, N. 1. His Odditities, N.
2. Agreat Lover of Antiquity, his Study deferibed,
ag. Happier than Lewis the X1Vth, sid.
Guesses of the Town about him, N. 6. No Friend
to Drinking-Matches, His Retirement from
the World into his Dormitory, N..36.

ELSUS, @ F

Comrfel, how to be taken and given, N. 26.

Country Wife, a good Comed;, wants an Audience,

DACIER,

D ACIER, Madam, and the Confr' Cousin com-
par’d, N.
Democritus found Truth in a Well, ibid,
Diana, the Censor's fine Image of her, N. 5.
Dick, fuppos’d to be the Censor, N. 6.
Drinking railes Wit, and is much commended by ths

Poe's in all Ages, N. 14.
Dryden, no good Reader of Poetry, N. 9.

a Prophecy that he would prove

an excellent Player, N. 9.

E(says, of Sir Richard, Bulftrede, quotedand commend-

LATTERY deferibed ; the Difference between
a Friend and a Flatterer, N. 17.

Freeman, Ned. an Acquaintance of oe Confer's, pays

him a Vitit, N. 2.
Free-Thinkers, no Gracians, N. 3.

ec REY (Lady Fane) commended, N.4, and 9.

ALIF AX (Montague) a Panegyric on him from

Mr. Tickell, N. 28.

(Savi) his Arguments against hard Driokers
Excellent, N. 24.

Hall (8ifhop) quoted and praised, N. 3.

Hamlet, his fine Speech in Shake/oear, on the various

Murations of Matter, N. 18.
Holydayt, N.
Homer, a great Favourite of the Cenjor’s Aunt, N.
Compar’d to Margarita, ibid,

Horace, his fine Raillery, N. 12. An Advocate for .

Wine, N. 14.

Hortenfius, an ad monith'd by the Censor,N.

Glaffe: Tages y and Cocnedy compared to them,

INDE

EALOUSIE deferibed, and all its Plagues, N, %
son Ben, an Ancestor ct the Cinfr N.
His and the. Censor’, :bid. He expel!s ore
his Club for a Je, N 3. Mimorandums
coped in Detcnce of rg, N.
Cafar,a Tragedy ot Commended,

EAR. King, his Hiit.ry, and his Davg' at

length. N.7

Lee, his Elegar or RBombaft, N. 2. A fine Pas- |

ot his, upon Death N, 4.

Le‘ters to the Cerfor, Oue trom. ... gq. Frem_

Emilia idid. trom Sarah All-Jeather, From

Ame’s Ace, N. 15. From Philaleshes upon

€tres, N. 13.. From Clarinda, N. 16. From Diana

Doubtful N. 29. From Tim. Dry- Fyes ibid

Nicholas Tali/man, N.
the Attrologer, a filly Fellow, N, re.
Lock,the Philosopher, a Saying ct his, N. 1p.
Lowr, his Caie rep relented, arid the Cesfor's Advice.
W US ZEUS, his Poem on Here and Leander
Commence’, N, 19.

N EWTON Sir Vane Inferior to Partridge wit ib
the Ignorant, N. 11.

ETITION of Martha Twif-roll concerning the
New. fathion:d Head-drefles,N. 25,
the Tyrant, a fine Letcer of hus to Demoteles,
Powel, a good Actor, N, 9...
Pride, its Folly in all Men, N. 27.
Puppets, compared with Men, N. 25,

QUACK,

INDEX.
CK, upon a Spotted Horse his Speech, N.

Quaker. an Oftentations Epitaph on a Female Sister of

that Religion, N. 27.

ALT a Corn of it makesa Speech to the -Censor
in Lis Dream. N. 1S.
Salter, Virtuofo at Chelifea, his d,
Shadow, a full Description of a Species of Men so call’d
by the Romans, N. 12.
Shake/pear, his . Tragedy of K. Lear, and its Beauries
dilplay'd, N. 10. His Description ot Jealonly, N,

Sly che Praise of his Tobacco, N. t.

Sophocles upon ‘npaginary Death, Tranfl.ted,

Sot, his Misery and Folly, N. 24.

Spectres detendec, N, 13.

Stoics call Folks N, 2.
Superfiitios, and its Eficéts, N. a1,

ATE, Poe:, made a gocd Alteration in S abe
{pear’s King Lear. N. to.
Tea has the ‘ane Effects on Ladies, as Wine da Men,

Temple William) quoted, N. 6. |
Time, how toobfhly ipent by the Ge ieralir iry of the

Wo ld, Nets. |:
Tyra os, their Nuileries ibed, N. 8.
IRGII, his fine Description of rhe Tran/migration
ot Souls, and the Elizsam Fields, atc: Mpied ia
—Prose, N. 18.

Verses, a good’ Copy from Oxford, ‘N 20.

W AND,

AND, the Divining Wand anditsEfle€ts, N.¢.
and Tory, not understood Censor,

Coffee-Houte, ibid
Winlove , Fack, a Friend of the Censor's, N. 2,
Wit, much debauched of late Years, N. 20.
Witchcraft expos’d, N. -
Women, oye perfect than Men in Spenne and Read-

The End of the F irft Volume.
