{Printed for Fouas Brown, at the Black-Swan

LONDON:

without Temple-Bar. 1717.

VOL. I

othe Right Honourable

EArt of Orrery;.

Baron Boyle of Marfton, in
the County of Somer/et, Pe

One of the Knights of the
Most Ancient Order of the

AD not these

Papers met with |
{ome Succefsin |
the Town, or,

what I value more, acquir'd

some Reputation

the better

of Judges, I had not prefiim’d
to request your
Lordfbip's Patronage for
Them: Not that I pretend
to claim it now on
Account oftheir Worth, |
but as the. Censor is fond |
of being ufherdintothe |
World by so great a
Name.

Entertainments of this
Sort are designed for the

voliteft Readets ,. and
however this Volume>
may fall short this
Pretence, you. make so
great a Figure in That
as well as the Learned
~Partof Mankind,I could
not wish for Patron
more adorn’d by Nature
to give ita Recommendation.

enfible Patt of
the World in their Pleasures,

as well. as graver

that give them

Dedication.

Condu&, are proud of

being influenc’d Exthe

Credit of Difcernment,

anda Refinednefs

Of Taste. Sothat, could

pable of deserving a

Character
nice Judgement,I should
mot tear a Number of |
Admirers that would be
ambitious to second your
Lerdfop in its Favour.

I hope this Trifle cafrom

your

ledged so good a Judge

edication.

It would be strangely
derogating from. the

Character I have af

sum'd, even in a Dedication,
to confess that

I fear your Lordfbip's Taste
of Wit is too great to

find an Entertainment
in this Work: | But you
are universally acknowof

Letters, that it will |

be Prudence in me to

refignthe Censor/bsp before

Dedication
yout and fabmit

to your Determination

in a private Capacity.
had no Intention,
My Lord,toentet on your

Praises in this fhorr Ad-
dress, but that they recurr

as Things {oentireje&t.that
we cannomore
forget them, than
can think of the Sun

without an Idea of his

ence. It |

Dedication.
there any Parts
of Your Lordfbip’s Character

that Ihave amore

particular Reason to celebrate,
they are your
Humanity and Condef-
Yet These have
been
all that Aave been hon-
our'd with the Opportumityof
approaching You,
that I need give no o-

ther Testimony than the
Liberty

Dedication.

these Sheets to your Lard.
hip, and thereby of acmy
self,

Lordship's
most Devot ed,

Humble Servant,

N’3r. Tueflay, January i. 1717.

Sed revocare gradum, fupera/que evadere ad
Oous, bic Labor eff —— Virg.

I first withdrew my
{elf from the World, and
retired into my Cave of
Knowledge, 1 promised the
Publick to appear again
— among them earlier than.
have done but my Subterranean Lodging
pleased me so well, that I could not
quit my Apartment to breath the upper
Air so soon as they might have expeét-
ed. I fancied my self, in this my Ree
&B tirement,

tirement, in the condition of a Dormouje
which grows fat by Sleeping ; and

thattheLength of myConcealment would.
encreafe my. Stock of Entertainment,

when I should revisit my Friends. You
must therefore look upon me as you
would on an old Acquaintance at his Return
from a long Voyage; {tare at me
immoderately, find me thuch altered, and
expect to hear a long Liito. Wonders.

You may remember then, that I told
you at our A mts

ter the manner o

and receive certain Intelligences from that | -7

secret Communication with W orld, |
Sphere where I before exerciied the ves |

nerable Office of Cen/or. When I had
thus settled my Correipondence, I took
care to fit out my Ce// with proper Receptacles
for the different kinds of
Packets | expected, with a Design upon

my Re-appearance to examin them

all ftriGly, and compare them with their
Originals in the Scene where they were

tranfaéted. My Habitation being thus:

Jaid out, look’d not unlike, but a little
more useful than, an <pothecary’s Shop,
every Drawer and Box being diftinguithed
with the proper. Titles of its Contents.
I writ upon one Box, Mi/celianeous

|

2 The Censor. 31.

that I in ended, af-
Pythagoras} to holda

N° 31. The Censor. 2
neous Poetry; on another of a ‘se 4 good
Size, Prophane Prose; on-a third, Good
Sermons, and Plays; on a Fourth, Jnventions
in’ Dress and Philosophy.

With these I made a Shift to fill up
two Sides of my Room; a third SideI
allotted wholly to two large Chefs, entitled,
Scandal; clapping in between a

Jittle Patch- Box, which I thought would
easily hold all my Intell:\gence from the
Quarter of Truth. The Scandal-Chests I
lett continually open, as well to favem

telf the Trouble of Locking, and Unlocking,
as Ae the volatile Nature
of that kind of Ware, and how apt it

was to shift its Quarters. My Box of

Truth | kept continually under Lock and
Key, examining and weighing every minute
Fragment of it with as great Exactnefs
as a Miler does his Gold eve
Morning, for fear any false Pieces should
have crept in unobferved. And I muit
confess, that for all my Diligence some
lucky Counterfeits had got in, which
upon a ftri&t Examination I found came
trom the more Grave and Religious Hands ;
but upon the first Discovery, I always |
took care to change their Situation, and
dispose of them in the Scandal-Chests.

4 TheCensor N &
Furniture of the remaining Part
of my Apartment consisted of five large =>
Portmanteaus, with the plain Title-of
Lyes. 1 muftown I chose to put these up
in Portmanteaus, partly with a View to
their general Use in the Carriage of this
fort of Commodity, and partly because
I fancied the Cylindrical Figure an Emblem
of their quick and rolling Quality.
But I must acquaint my Reader, thatalthough
I thought I had made a very
handsome Provision for the receiving as
many Lyesas one Country could furnith
me with during thetime of my Corre- ©
{pondence, I found my self vastly mistaken
in my Calculation.. My-Packets,
+ Daily, Weekly, Monthly, were stuffed

4 with little beside, so that I was obliged _
to think of some new, Allotment for their
q Quarters, and had once a Thought of
removing theni ail at once, and byithing

them my Cave for ever. . Another
great Inconvenience I met with in the
disposal of these Wares, for very often |
could not make two Lyes sleep quictly _
together; and sometimes in the midit of
a Thread of peaceable ones of the fame
Complexion, one of an opposite Kind |
happened to beunluckily thruftin,which |
gave me great Disturbance. At ae [ |

bethought my {elf of an Expedient, and
opening the Box of Poetry, which I

found almoit empry, I beftow’d a good

number of the bett-condition’d Lyes in
that quarter, where they kept together
with their Poetical Brethren, with: no
small Comfort and Friendship.
When I had thus happily composed
this Quarrel, I was in hopes of {pending ©
the. refit of my Time in examining and
adjutting the several parts of my Furniture.
I had now begun to fort my Papers,

and provided proper Epithets according

to their respective Merits to be
afixed to each of them. I had pitched

upon such Words, as Bad, very Bad,
Intolerable, himfical, Pious, Idle, Canting.

I then looked into. my Box of good ©
Plays, hoping to make use of those noble
Adjectivesof Honour, Excellent, Admirable,
ncomparable, but tomy great

Surprize, though I try’d the utmost
Stretch of Good-nature, I could not

without the forfeiture of my Judgment
allow any of them that Appellation. In- -
{tead of these golden Promises which I
had flattered my self with, I was forced
to have Recourse to the mortifying Titles,
of J/rregular, Infipid, Low, Mean.
It {truck indeed with a very deep
B 3 Con-

Concern to find that Scene where Shakefpear,
and the Immortal Ben, had gained
eternal Glory, dwindled into Entertainments
of Sdow and Farce unbecoming the
Genius of a Braye, Gallant, and Wife
Nauon. As I. was feeding upon this
Thought, and now and then
flinging forth a Soliloquy full of Passion
and Despair, I was interrupted b
a fresh Courier from above, - whose
Packet I was in hopes would make me
some Amends by Contents of a more
joyful kind. Bur, alas! when I o
gt, never was Man so baulked in his Ex-
You mus know it was fu.
pericribed ina Law-Hand, Perjurieswith
their Prices from a Shilling to an Hundred
Pounds. This turned my Thoughts from
the consideration of Particulars, ro. bewail
the degenerate Principles of amighty
People. I was touched with Anger,
Shame, andathoufand other difquiet Pas- _
fions, that | could not contain my self |
in my Cell any longer. In this Mood I
gave Orders to pack up my Bexes, and

gmmediately farted into Day-light. It.
savas some Wecks before I could so well.

recover my self, as not to break out u

en my Reader in a Paflion. But that

Fit being over, 1 beg leave to assure a

N°32. The Censor. 7
that it is for his Inftruétion and Diver-.—
sion that I resume the Office of Censors —
and so I shall from Time to Time acuaint
him with my Observations inm
fibrertuhedah Apartment, as well as those
I shall gather from my new Acquaintance
the World.

N° 32. January

Ipfa Dies alios alio dedit ordine Luna
Felices Operum.

ESIDE thé fair and evefi Course
BJ of Time, and those Evénts which it

naturally brings forth from Minute to Minute,from
Hour to Hour;there are certain
Parts or Portions of it which every Man
makes of particular Importance to himself,
by some Arbitrary Diftinion of his
own, This Custom of parcelling out our
Space of Existence and Aétion, and setting

our own private Marks of Good or ©
Evil on some peculiar Days or Months,
is of very great Antiquity, and is Mill
observed by many with a critical Regard
to all their. Proceedings. Every

S -The Censor. N° 3:2.
body knows that many a young Mii
has loft the Opportunity of being a good
Work-woman, because the beginning
of her Sampler has been put off from
Time ta Time, on account of some Unluckinefs
that the Mother has observed
to. be in. the Day when she was to have
begun. Not only common Business, bur,
the most hasty Passion in the World,
Matrimony it self has often stood still
in Obedience to the Rule of unlucky

Days. «I know a great many Virgins my |

self, who would h.ve been /orrow/ul Mothers
long ago, had not a due Regard
of this kind cut short all the Means towards

Children and Grief. A happy ©

Mark of this Nature, has saved many

an Estate to a Adixute; and a single DittinGtion
thrutt it felt between inevitable
Ruin and full Prosperity. Well was

ei Dick Ditto, and -\ have often heard

im thank lis good Genius for it, that.
of all the Days in the Weck he chose
Thursday for his Favourite, otherwise he
is morally assured that his Father would

not have dy’d these twenty Years:
Whereas now, by the Force of that

Choice only, he is Master of a Noble
Efiate; and, to add to the Felicity of

it, married a fine Woman of a large

Portion

The Censfr.
Portion on the fame Fortunate Thursday.
On the contrary, there is Wil. Cro/s-
grain, who isa Person, you must know,
that has read Hobbs and the Free- Thinkers;
and so {corning to be ty’d down to
particular Rules in his way of Management,
rather chufing to appear the
Reverse of Mankind than e¢t like the
rest of his Species, has not succeeded in
any one thing for twenty Years tone
ther. His manner was, as he confefles,
to begin the Week at the wrong End, in
Defiance of Omens and Prefages, and so
fer about all mattcrs of Importance on
Saturday Morning. lll Success and Disappointments,
which are the best Coun-
{ellors in the World, have at last convinc’d
him of his Error; and since he
has altered his Course, he owns to the
Comfort of his Heart, that he has as
good Luck as his It
with this Thought in his Head, thatthe
Fellow in Ben. Jobson desired the
Attrologer to blot the Unlucky Days out
of his Almanack. A Calendar thus reformed,
for the use of the good People
of Great-Britain, would be of infinite
more Advantage,than the trifling Progtfoftics
of the Weather.

Bs ‘Bur.

But these are but small Instances of |

the Fatality and Felicity of particular
Days. The graveft Hittorians inform
us, that Events of the greatest Confeuence,
and the Fate of whole Nations
themselves, have turned upon this Hinge ;
and therefore among the wifeft People

there have been such Days as we may |

term Good, or Bad, ‘upon Record, and
they have been treated with Respect, or
Disgrace accordingly. It was impossible
to have got a Roman Cobler to have

~mended a Pair of Shoes on the Day —

the Battel of Canne was fought; as on
the contrary, the most covetous Man in
Greece would not have refused to lend a
Friend a Yalent on the Return of the
Day when the brave Defence was made
at Thermopyle. Every one who hasread
my Lord Clarendon's History, knows that
Friday was Cromwell's Fortunate Day;

and the Enemies of England, as well as
the Grand Seiguior, would have had a:

fine Time of it, if they could have kepr
Sunday out of their Almanacks. It would
have been worth more Monyto the late
King of France, than the Chamber of Ju-

fice will bring in to the Present, to have
had that particular Day expunged out of

his Accounts: As on the contrary, we
haye

N? 32. The Censor.

have all the Reason in the World to |
have it in particular Veneration. Iwill
not carry the Matter so far as to propose

a Set of Privy-Counfellors in every
Nation, to make Choice of proper Days’

for the beginning of all important Actions;
though.I am of Opinion, that it

is much more useful thanan Academy for
settling of Words and Phrases.

For my own Part, as I have long looked
upon the Observation of particular Seasons
as a thing of Moment, {so I can safely
say, that | have had the Happiness ro
single out my Days much to my Satisfaétion.
I have put many of my Friends
upon the fame Thought, and as they
have cither seconded, or raised these
Impulses,. so has been the Issue Profpe-

rous or Unfortunate. I know a poor
Gentieman who has been miserable a
long time, only because in Tranfgreffion
of this Rule, he would run in the Teeth
sof I] Luck, and marry the Day the bigh

Wind happened. | | |

\ But of all People, the Fraternity of / [i
Authors ought to have a sacred Regard , 7
to the critical Days of Writing; and al-

Ways endeavour to catch and improve |
the lucky Minutes. A famous Poet of |
the lait Age was so much convinced

Censor. N° 32.
this Maxim, that 1 have seen, under his
own Hand, Notes upon his own Writings,
with these remarkable Diftinéti- ©
cns; on all his Eminent Produétions,
Begun of a Tuesday, finifbed of a Thursday
on those of less Value, Writ this of a
Wednelday, was so uniucky as to publifb
these. Verses on a Friday. Now as this
Winter is likely to be very fruitful of
Authors, who will have little else to
recommend them than the Choice of
their Lucky Days; | have for their Bemefit
drawn together a few short Hints,
which I desire they would punctually
observe as they expect Success and Ap- ——
robation. I call it a Scale or Zable of ©
Time forall Poets, Prefacers,Play-Wrights,
Yranflators, as well Male as Female.

Monday, A Day to begin Trans-
Jations from the French only; Abstain
carefully from Greek on this Day, several
Authors have {plit upon this Rock,
for that Language will not be Translated
en Monday.

Tue/day, it Fair, is avery Poetical Day;
_ 2 Friend of mine wrote an excellent E- |
pilogue lately on that Day; and another
succeeded very well in a Song to Chloris.

Wednef{day,

N 32. The Censor. 13°

Wednesday, a tolerable time for Afurthers,

Fires,and Three-Half Penny Sheets ;

it is good for nothing elle.

Thur(day, Both Prose and Verse fuc-

ceed very wellon this Day, and yet it

is very bad for Sermons, and all kind of ©
Latin Compositions.

Friday, Take Phyfick, play at,Picquet,
in short, do any thing but Write this
Day.

Saturday, It has done very well for
Epic and Lyric Writers, Pamphlets,
News, and all fort of Garlands.

Sunday, Write nothing, -especially

take care of medling wich Pen and Ink

soon after Sermon.
I hope my Brother Writers will take...
these Hints kindly, ’till I have an Opportunity
of giving them fuller Instructions.
I aflure them that I ground the
Prosperity of my own Works on this
Foundation, and that was the realon that.

1 publithed my first Paperon New-Year’s

5 aturda Vy

14 The Censor, N? 33.

N° 33, . Saturday, January 5.

Ingentis non Mle favet, plauditque fepultis,
Noftra fed mmpugnat ; Nos, Noftrag, Lividus odit.
Quod fi tam Gracis Novitas snvija fuiffet
Quam Nodis, gaid nunc effet Vetus ¢---- Hor.

LL-NATURE, said a Wit of the

last Age, isthe Bawd to Critici/m;a

little Learning, and a great deal of ill ~

Success are its Pimps; and with these
Helps it preys upon the Bloom of Wir,
ipoils an

every Excellency which he cannot reach :
He is the Reverse of a Knight-Errant,

prowling about to deffroy, as the O-..

ther to defend ; as ill-manner’d to Beau-
4 as the Other courteous; and as the
ules of the Anight’s Chivalry are all
drawn froma false Notion of Honour,
so are the Critick’s from an over-weening
Pride and Vanity. These unhappy
Ingredients in his Temper-make him the
most

fullies the Beauties of all that. ~
all within its Compass. A Critic of,
this Complexion sets up in defiance of
ood Sense, and is a professed Foe to

fiotle and Dacier, and in Pain till he drops

{pute, steps back above athouland Years

The Censor. Is

most fubje& to Mortification of any
Creature under the Sun; for, as it is.
said of a proud Man, that you are sure
to give him the Spleen by not puliing
off your Hat in Respect to his Person,
so \ou are certain of tormenting the O-
ther by not complimenting his Judgment.
For this Reason it is,that [have -
always looked upon the modern Furius

to be more the Object of Pity, than

that which he Laughter
Contempt.

id we really know ©
how much this poor Man suffers by being
Contradicted, or which is the fame
thing in effect, wae another Praised ;
we thould in Compaflion sometimes attend
to him with a silent Nod, and let
him go away with the Triumphs.of his
Iil-Nature. Instead of this Charity,

which indeed 1 have often exercised towards

him, the Waggs who see him >
fitting in a Coffee-Hou/e brim-full of Arifome

of his Learning among them, soon

ease him of‘that Burthen, inorder to

impose a heavier upon him by speaking
well of his Contemporaries. No sooner
have they done this, but poor Furius,
quitting the Ground of the present Di- —

to call in the Succour of the Ancients.
Provided with these Auxiliaries, looking
big and {welling with the Certainty
of his Conquest, he runs into extravagant

Lengths of Applause upon his —

Champions of Greece and Rome. «It is
not out of any real Veneration for these
Authors, that he honours them with his.

Encomiums; he does not praise them becaule

they are Good, but becaule they aie
Ancient. His very Panegyric ts /pitefui,
and he uses it for the fame Reason as
some Ladies do their Commendations ot

a’ dead Beauty, who never would have

had their good Word, but that a diving
one happened to be mentioned in their
Company. His Applaule is not the Tribute
of his Heart, but the Sacrifice of
his Revenge. For in reality, he could

dispense with speaking favourably of a

Modern, but it must not be one of his
own Time or Country; or if it is, you
are sure -his Grave has been dug some
Years. But I must difmils Furius, to
speak of another Species. of Critics very
common in our Days, and taken notice
of by no Author thar I know, except
Horace. |
This is the Hypocrite in Critici/m; One
who is the forwardeft in laying in all

The Cen s N°

The Censor. 17
new Wir, ard huggs himself with Pleasure
at the reading of it in his Cloiet,

and certainly damns it .as soon as he goes
Abroad. tis Admiration and his Envy
are both Loca/, and don’t depend upon
the Composition of the Writer, but up-

onthe Place where he is spoke of. He
shall be in Raptures in his Chamber with -
anew Tragedy, and within two—Hours
hiss the fame thing upon the Stage. He
diffembles his Opinion where it may be
of any use to the Writer, and: cheats

him of the Tribute ofa publick Applause,
but is sincere in Private where he can
dono Good to any but himself. This
Hypocrily is too frequent with the Moderns,
and perhaps most of my Readers
may pick ous some of their Acquaintance
of this perverse Humour, Iam sure that
have caught Sir William Close-witt,
who is known to havea fine Taste in
Poetry, smiling over a favourite Piece |
in the Morning, and have heard him ©
deny at Dinner that he ever read it, only
becaufehe would not give the Author
that Praise which he knew was due to
his Merit. This unfair Treatment, the
Poet, with a great deal of Reason, calls
both Jnjuflice and Ingratitude. is indeed
monttrous that a Man should bea
Niggard

18 The Censor. N’33.
Niggard in the Communication of a
Plealure, which will not be leffened to
himself by its being diffufed to others,
not to {peak of the Force he imposes
upon his own Understanding, of conti-
~nually contradiéting Truth, and being
Infincere without either Gain or Pro-
In opposition to this Conduét, I promule
the Publick to be as trud an Attendant
upon Virtue, as a Spy upon Vice;
to be more forward in Praifihg, than
Condemning the Works of my Contemporaries
according to their intrinfick
Merit. Icannot give them a better Speeimen

of my Inclination, than by telling
them that [ have read with Pleasure

the new Translation of the frit eight
Books of Homer, and if 1 were to commend

the Author, I should do it in these

excellent Lines of a Modernto Mr. Dry-

The Copy cafis a fairer Light on ail,

And fill out-shines the bright Original.
The Spirit of Homer breaths all through
this Translation, and I am in doubt
whether I should most admire the Juttnefs
of the ee or the Force an
Beauty of the Language, or the found-

N’ 33. The Censor. 19
ing Variety of the Numbers; but when
I find all these meet, it puts me in mind
of what the Poet says of one of his
Heroes, that he alone raised and flung
with ease a weighty Stone that Two
common Men could not lift from the
Ground ; jutt so one bee Person has
performed in this Translation, what |
once defpaired to have seen done by the
force even of several mafterly Hands.
Let the Reader observe these two Similitudes
of the Motion of the Grecian
Army in the Second Book, and Iam sure
he will be of my Opinion.

The ae 5 foll ing Hoff, .

Pour'd. forth in Millions, darkens all the
Coast ;
As from ‘some Rocky Cleft the Shepherd fees

Cluftring in Heaps on Heaps the driving Bees,
Rolling, and blackning, Swarms /ucceeding

~ Swarms,

With deeper Murmurs and more bear fs Mlarms,
Dusky they [pread, a close-embodied Croud,
And oer the Vale descends the living Cloud,

And soon after,——

Murm'ring they move yas when old Ocean,
And heaves huge Surges so the trembling
Shores;

The Censor. N33.
The groaning Banks are burfi with bellowing |

Sound,

The Rocks remurmur, asd the Deeps rebound:

could with a great deal. of Pleasure
point out the particular Beauties of these
Veries, which are not perhaps obvious

to every Eye; but I have already said

enough to call the Critick Furius upon
my Back, and therefore leave them to

the private Judgment of every Reader.

N.B. The Box of new Jnventions in
Dre/s and Philosophy is now sorting for
—publick View,

N° 34. Tuesday, Fanuary 8.

Finding my self yesterday rather indolent
than induftrious, and more
inclin’d to Stroling than Study, I dress'd

in the Afternoon, and made a Visit to_

Young Will. Freeman. He is a Youth

for whose Ease Nature has provided as
much in a Temper, as Fortune in his

—— Regna Vini fortitre——— Hor. Le

N°34. The Censor. 21
Circumstances : His Education has made
im a Smatterer in Letters; and his Geys
is much turn’dto the Ambition of a
Library. Being led to his Chamber, he
complimented Me with an Invitation
from his Closet, where I found him in
his Night-Gown, with a Face not a
little fullied, a {mall W hisk in One hand,
and a Piece of dirty Flannel: in the O-
ther: After some Apologies for his De-
/habilé, he proceeded to tell me that he
had been dusting his Books, and restoring
them to their proper Station on the
Shelves. |
I confess I was mightily disappointed,
when, upon Examination, | perceiv’d
his Disposition of his Books meant nothing
more than giving them an Air of
Regularity, and having them marshall'd
according to their Size: but was more
furpriz’d to find that his beit Acquaintance
with his Authors was from the
Letters on their Backs.
I could not be foill-natur’d astofhock
him with a direé& Reproof, but chose -
to infinuate my Dislike of his Proceeding
by an oblique Reproach: I can but
commend, /aid J, your Conduct in laying
out that Money to your Improvement,
which others throw off at a Gaming

22 The Censor. N’ 34.

ming Table, or fquander away in
unwarrantable Pleasures: I doubt not
but you mean to grow so intimate with
these Friends, as to. think hereafter with
Satisfaction on what eafie Terms you
purchas’d their Acquaintance: A Gentleman
should value himself more from
having read Books, than paid for them;
there isa Pleasure in seeing a Young Student
intent upon his Instruction, and
always thought mmonius’s Als 2 good

Satyr on Such as were negligent in this

important Point: The Animal, ’tis said,
had so wonderful a Taste for Poetry,
that he rather forbore eating the Meat
ebefore him, than to interrupt his Attention
at the reading of a Poem.

I perceiv’d a conscious Blush arose on
Wills Face, which made me fulpend my
get ; and, after some little Difcourte
on indifferent Subjects, I offer’d to take
my Leave. The good-natur’d Lad would
not permit my Departure, but told me _
IT must attend a Ceremony, which he
almost made a Part of his. Religion, of
—chufing a Corner of Twelfth-Cake with
that first I must go thro’ a
Course of Cards, if I could diipenfe with
his Sisters and the Company they had
provided,

The Censor. 23
The Ladies were dress'd on this extraordinary
Occasion, ‘and entertaining
a Gentleman who, as I perceiv’d, m¥¥e
his Address to Mrs. drabella, the Eldest. .
Tho’ Iam a Batchelor, 1 have not fail’d.
aking some Speculations on the Paffioe
of Love,and the Symptoms in which
it breaks out in different Persons. |]
obferv’d while we were at Cards, our
Gallant express'd the Zeal of his Affeétion
in playing with Inveteracy against
his Mittrefs, and always pushing his Fortune,
when she had any Stake on the
Board. |
Will, who saw he was but forrily befriended
by the Cards, was eager for
the Cake to come in to his Reliet; Ic is
mot to be express'd what sudden Anxieties
were perceptible in each Countenance
on its first Appearance; and what
Glances of Hope and Fear in particular
were shot from the two Lovers Eyes.
It put me in Mind of the Slaves in Dryden’s
Don Sebastian, who come up to
the Urn as if they fear’d to trust Fortune
with the Decision of their Fates. Tho’
I was complimented, in refpeét to my
Charaéter and Office, with the first Choice ©
of the Cake, 1 desired that Piece which
the Company should leave might be my
Portion,

24 The Censor.
Portion, that | might shew no Levity
in an Over-Niceneis of fixing on my
Share.

When we were determin’d in our
Chances, the Apprehenfions we before
Jabour’d under. were converted into
Smiles; and my Friend Wii] rubb’d his
Hands with much Alacrity, and broke

out into an Open Grin. As his Impatience

was greatest to know in what
Class he mutt be rank’d,. he fell on his

Cake with a more than ordinary Appetite;

and, ina short Space, I saw him
draw out of his Mouth Pam’s Head, a
little disfigured with the Impreflions of
his Teeth. Miss Zenny could not keep
her Countenance at this Accident, but

laugh'd till she redden’d in the Face a-
gain; and seeing me look grave, as for
an Explication of her Merriment, told
~me with an Air of Vivacity, that whatever

Opinion I had of her Brother’s A/o-

nefiy, she could aflure me he was the
Knave of theCompany. | |
We had not indulg’d,long in our Railleries
on poor Will, ¢’re Lover's
Swallow was by Something,
which, .as we found,’ terminated in a
piece of grey Rag; Will, who was glad
to have a Companion in Tribulation,

look'd

The Censor. 2
look’d areh on the Gallant, and told him,
Now he had gotthe dirty Clout, he wanted
but a Bruf and a Pot of Lamb-black
to equipp him for
The Lover past off the Young Squire’s
rough Jest with Abundance of good Humour,
and only replied, He should nor
be‘afham’d even of that Post, ieee
he might have the Honour o —-
Her Majefly's Shoes. \ obferv’d, at those
~ Words, he cast a Look of Languifh-,
ment on Mrs. Arabella; as who thould
say, he hop’d that Dignity would fall to
her Lot: when to his great Dilappointment
his Wish was frustrated by my
producing a Bean, which was lodg’d in
the Centre of my Cake. 4¥7//, who was
now, by the Influence of the Glass going
round, {spirited up to Loquacity and
a Vein of Jocofenefs, rose up gravely and.
said, He ought jn Duty to congratulate
my Majefly, but that he fear’d a Rebuke
from my AMafculine Aufferity : and that
if he might declare his Opinion, without
Offence to Modesty and good Man=-
ners, he doubted the Qucen was little
better than an //ermaphrodite. 1 advis’d
him however to spare my Quality, and
in Allufion to the thing which denoted
y, Royalty, gaye him the Pythagoon.
IL C

286 The Censor. WN? 34.
yean Maxim for his Caution, hfincre

Fabis. |

Miss Yenny soon after fix’d her Teeth

in a Bit of Stick, which, as she said,
fhauld have to the Sloven her
Brother; when 7%

to think that Mrs: 4radelia of necessity
must be Aing, thar, forgetting the Con-
sequence of my Cenforial Resentment,
By Heaven, says he, Siffer Bell pays for
the Cake.

grew weary at length of my Spark’s
Mood of Pleafantry, (for all Mirth has
a Period, after which it becomes infipid
to Us ;) pleaded .a- Neceflity of
keeping good Hours, and obtain’d Leave
to retire: When I got to my Lodgings,
VT fat down by the Fire, and was much
puzzled to imagine whence this Ludi-
crous Custom of chufing King and Queen
should arise; and what Incident at first

inn’d it down to a certain Day in the
X ear.

I confess I could not be satisfied with

my-Reficctions on this Matter: nor could
call toMindany Authority from whence
this Cuflomtook place. | know well, the _
Greeks, and the Romans after them, cast ©
in their Revells for the Eleétionof
a Aing, who was to prescribe the et %

il was so transported |

N24. The Cens’or. 27
phod and Proportion of Drinking. this

were the Original of it, | can easily allow
the Introduétion of the Other socofe
Charaéers to the Gaiety of succeeding
Ages; and cannot condemn my Country-~
men for preferring a Piece of Plumb-
Cake to the Determination of the Dice
in this Affair. | |

I was interrupted in my Meditations

by my Landlady’s knocking at my Door, —

and bringing me up the folowing Letter,
which she told me came from my
Bookfeller. |

Lo the Censor of Great Britain.

Venerable Sir,
AS 1 am-a great Admirer of polite

Diverfions, I am a constant Cu-
{tomer to the Play and Opera; | was

twice at Camilla last Weck, where L

was so transported with Mrs. Barbier’s
Performance, that in the Heat of my
Pleasure I {truck out some Lines, which

if you think worthy of any Regard in

your next Paper, I shall conclude you
no {worn Enemy to such Entertainments.

Yours unknown,
C2 Eccho,

28 The Censor. N° 34.
Eccho, dull Nymph, frequent the Rock no

Cs (Shor
The winding Fabrick, and the wave-beat

No more to hoarfe. and bollow Tones reply,
But haunt the Scene, and warble Harmony.

From Barbier’s Notes thy tuneful Lays pro=

long,
For pleas’d Attention hovers o’er her Song ;
So full Ler Compass, and ber Voice /o clear,

She joys, yet pains the wonder-wounded ©

Ear.

N.B. Onthis Recommendation I will
be at Camilla next Wednesday incognito,
and if I like it as well as my Correspondent,
may take a Bow at a proper Opportunity,
and appear in publick for Encouragement
of the Opera. _

N° 35. Thur fday, Fanuary XO.

quantum Eruditorum aut Modeftia ipforum,
aut Quies operit, & fubtrabit,
Famer! Expertus [cribo quod feribo,

is and has been a frequent Com-_
plaint among Men of con fined Views,

that Learning is ina State of Decay,
that

N°’ 35. The CENSOR.

that we every day lose Ground of the
Ancients, and seem travelling backward
into a Land of Ignorance and Darkness.
But I mutt beg Pardon of these Gentlemen
if I can’t come into their Sentiments,
it being my Opinion, upona curious
Survey of Particulars, that Knowledge
shoots out at this very Day into —
more flourishing Branches than ever,
and that the Number of the Learzed riles
yearly in our fruitful //and; tho’ [have
not yet calculated exactly in what Proportion
to the Account of former Ages.
He who is a diligent Spy upon Mertr,
shall find many a Philosopher hid in a
Cottage, as well as in the ftudious Retirement
of a College; and if only the
Birth-places of the prefént Set of Wits
in this Nation were distinguished inthat
oftentatious Manner, that AfZalmshury was
for cne of the last Generation, the World
would know that there is not a /i/lage
in our Native Country, without some
great Genius buried in Ref or Modefiy.
Providence, perhaps, as Mr. Drydenfays
with an elegant Boldnefs of Expreflion,
bas set their Cradles out of Fore
tune’s Way, \est them, like the Sons of
Lewdnefs and ill Luck, in a private Cor-
her, without even the Diftin&tion of a
C 3 Name.

Name. But yet we ought no more to
doubt that there are such extraordinary
Spirits among our Species, than we
should-of the Existence of different Beings;
because they are not the Objeéts
of our Senses, and don’t fall within the
Sphere of our Conversation. However,
let Others believe, or disbelieve at their

Pleasure; it is our Bufincfs,. whoare the

Inguifitors. of Truth, and the Meflengers
of Fame, to search into the distant

Angles of the Earth, tohauntthe Walks ~

of Solitude, as well as the public Marts

of Honour, and pull forth Merit into

open View, and set it in the most con-
{picuous Point of Light we are able.
We ought to make up the Defects both
of Nature and Fortune, be impartial
where they have been partial, and supply
in Prajfe the Want of all other Circumstances.

Pliny, and my self have
both. found by Experience, that the
greatest Parts are often shaded in Ob-
{curity; andas he owns he found a prodigious
Scholar in the Disguise of a Farmer,
so have | met with an excellent
Musician in the Person of a Smail-cole
Man, How often have I heard an unexpected
Flood of Greek, from a Mouth

that I thought ihcapable of giving a_

Ne3s. The Censor.

most elegant Latin.

common Answer in its Mother Tongue ;

and many a one besides my self has been
robb’d on the Weitern Road in the

This may suffice to prepare my Réader —
for the opening my Box of new Inven~
tions in Dre/s and Philofopby, otherwise it
might have been too great aSurprize to
him to find some things of an uncommon
Nature discovered by Persons, whose Studies
seem to have lain another way. I

mutt tell him then, that upon the Per~ .

ufal of a Burtdle of Papers in the first
Drawer,. I obferv’d that the Longitude
had been discover'd by four several Persons,

without any Communication of

each other’s Thoughts, viz. a Wit, a -
Cobler, a Mathematician, anda Watchman:
It may not be amifs to take.notice of
some particular Circumstances in this
great Discovery, which, like other new

and furprizing Inventions, seem not to.

have proceeded from a long Chain of -
Thought, but a sudden Start or Stretch
of the united Faculties of the Mind. *
The Watchman ingenuoufly owns his ©
Notion leap’d into his Head upon a
Gentleman's giving him half a Crows for
lighting him home; and tho’ he was -
stark mad all the Night afterwards, yet

gz TheCensor. |

he remembers very well that the precise
Time of his making the Discovery was

between the Hours of Twelve and One.

This it seems is reckon’d a Circumittance
of singular Importance, and as fit to be
made public, as that the perpetual Mo-

tion was found out in the turning of a

Pancake, and the Duplicaturé of the Cube

was made by Mr. //obds ona Day that

he took Phyfic.

The Wit had beentalking of the Pos-
fibility of its Discovery at a Tavern all

Night; and, ruminating over the Sweetnels
of the Reward, went to Bed inthe

Morning, and found it in his Dream.

That this Incident may be no Obstacle
to the Learned in the Reception of his
Notion, he intends to preface his Dis-

covery with a large Account of Vifons,
and will not forget totcll us thatina —
desperate Fit of Sickness, when all other
Means were ineffeétual, Philip consulted
his Pillow, and dreamt of an Herb that.
cured his Master Alexander the Great.

~The Mathematician, a Person of known

Integrity and Sobernefs of Aspect, says,

That he nad troubled himself so long
with fruitless Tryals, that he had re-

folv’d to lay aside the Th of it

ight, as

for ever. But one Rejoycing :

NP35. The Censor: 33
he lay in his Bed with his Wife, he was
flartled into the Discovery by the Discharge

of a Great Gan, which gave Oc- ©
cafion to a Modern Punfler to say, It was
foot into bis Head.
But lastly, The Cobler being a modest
Man, and of no Acquaintance in Lete

ters, confefles his Discovery came by

Lifpiration.

When I had now done with the Longitude,
I look’d into the Dre/s- Drawer, -
where I was furpriz’d to find so many
vain Attempts to fix the Standard, - and

measure the Diameter of the Hoop’d-Pet-
ticoat. UponRefleétion, I fancy’d that

this might proceed from the Difpropore

tion of the Reward, there being a vatt

Philosophical Difference between a Hundred
Thousand Pounds to be paid by the
Public, and a Favour in private. The
Science of Dress in general seem'd to me
to ai very low, there being very few

Promises among my Papers of any |

new and elegant, so ehat I was afrai

we should soon be reduced to the Simplicity
of Garb used by our Fore-fathers.
here were indeed some Proposals which
I rather look upon as the Whims of
some Poetical Head, than the Polite .

Thoughts of a French Taylor; such as a

34 ‘The Censor. N°35._

Method of reducing all Ladies Feet to the

Chine/e Model, and an irregular Scheme

of Jetting loose the Hair inter{perfed with
Flowers, after the /ndian Fafbion. After

along Search I met with but one Man
Of Sprit, andhe could stretch no higher

than a new Edition of the old Bra/s-
Button Coat for the Men, which I find
this Winter has produc’d. But as for the
Improvements :n the Female Ornaments,

which I cxpeéted to encreafe in propor

tion to the superior Quicknefs of Fanobfervable
in their Sex, I met with

little or nothing remarkable. Upon En-. :

quiry I found the Reason of this Defe&
to be the Death of that celebrated Mifirefs
in this Art, the late Mrs. Selby;
and, I am told, the whole Mundus Mujiebris
is likely to suffer considerably, unless
the ingenious Mrs. Sa/mon should turn

her Thoughts trom Wax-workand Babies

to the Cultivating of Fle/h and Blood, and
the adorning her ewn Sex.

Saturday,

N°36. The Censor:' 35°

N° 36. Saturday, Fanuar»

—— Sunt certi denique fines, ae
Duos ultra, citrag; nequit
Hor.

E meet with, in Conversation, .
} Men of so mix’d a Character, that
we. know not whether to determine
them Good or Bad; their Virtues arid
Imperfeétions are so confus’d and blended,
that we cannot absolutely rob them
of all Merit,nor yet.allow them anApprobation
which is mot extenuated by
the Allay of their Faults.

The Philosophers and Sages of the old
World seem to have settled a fort of
Cartel betwixt the Virtues and Vices, and
assign'd each their proper Limits and
Dittinctions; beyond which,- if they,.
on either hand, tranfgrefs’d, they were
sure to forfeit their first Denomination,
and assume a Quality directly opposite :
Hence arose certain Secondary and Jntermediate
Names; Virtues that were nd

36 Tie Censor. N? 36:
so only for starting some Degrees from
Vice, and Vices that have ow’d their
Beings to as minute Digreflions from
Virtue.
Aviftotle has taken no small Pains to
examine these Afedium’s of Qualities; and
I would advise all Authors, who should
understand how Nature works in [adits
and Pa/fions, to mark carefully the Rife
and Progreflion of these Secondary Virtues
and Vices. The most Sublime and

Common Aétions of our Lives are influenc’d

by the Operation of ixferior and

Subfervient Qualifications; There are Incidents

in which often our Frailties are
active, without involving us in any flagrant
Guilt; and there are Others,
where our. meancft Accomplishments
carry us up to Exploits, in which our
Virtue is very little concern’d. . The
Praise and Cenfure then of Things mutt
be eitibiith’d not from the Consequences,

but the Springs and Motives from

which such Consequences were deriv’d.,
An Historian cannot comment judicioufly

upon Faés, without viewing them:

in this Light 5 and a Dramatic Writer
will be very defeétive in his Poetical Ju-

ftice, if he has not the ftri&est Regard

to these Qualities.

N°’ 36. The Censor. 37
cannot miss this Opportunity of

criticising on the Faults which fomePoets
have flipt into, merely from not observing

this Mixture of Character; The

Story of Oedipus has been accounted as
fine a Foundation for Tragedy as ever
was touch’d; and Sophocles, who was so
great a Judge of Nature and the Force
of Passion, has convine’d us of this O-
pinion by the Excellence of his Play

uilt on that Fable: The Greek Poet
meant not to propose his Hero an Obje&

of Horror for the Commiflion of

Parricide and. Incest; neither does he
involve him in Calamities merely as Judgments
for those Crimes, which in him
were involuntary, and rather the Guilt
of his Fate than Nature. Corneille, who
among the French has wrote on the fame

Story,and our Countrymen, who work’d

after both Corneille and Sophocles, have
entirely mistaken the Charaéer of Ocdipus,
and the Condué of the Grecian Poet. ©
The famous old Critick who diétated
to the Poets proper Subdjeéts for Tragedy,
advises them to chufe the Fable
of some Illustrious Person who is become
miserable by some involuntary Fault, as
Ocdipus; which Doétrine of the Philosopher
was not rightly taken by the
French

38 The Censor. 34;

French Poet. J don’t underfland,fayshe,
what Aristotle means in this Place, Oc- i
dipus does not seem to me to be guilty of
any Fault, altho’ he kill’d his Father, be- |
caufeibe did not know him, and no Man of
Spirit and Courage but will dispute the Way
against a Stranger who attacks him very |
furiously: nd therefore I don't see what
Passion it can refine in us, or which of them
it would have us correct by his Example. 4
This Quotation goes pretty far to-.
wards a Proof of what 1 have asserted, |
that Corneille mistook the Charaéter
his Heroe; Oedipus’s Fault was beingtoo = =
rathly transported to Anger, and thedding
Blood, but two Days after the O-
racile had told him he should kill his

Father. This A€tion, as Mr. Dacier
has juitly obferv’d, sufficiently denotes
his Charaéter, and all his Manners are
conformable to it; he appears in every
Refpeét a Man, who is neither goodnor
bad, but made up of a Mixture of Virtue
and Vice; his Vices are Pride, Aner,
Violence, Temerity, and !mpruneither
his Parricide nor Incest
would have made himunhappy; but he
+ fell into those terrible Calamities by his
Curiosity, Rafhnefs and impetuous Temper.
Plutarch, aswellasDacier, knew this.

. 6 Discovery. So

N’ 36. The CENSOR. 39°
to be the. Charaéter of Oedipus; and has

express'd it in a Paflage, of which I

think fit to tranfcribe some Part, because
it moralizes ona Vice, which too frequently
occurs in common Life.

Curiosity cast Ocedipus into the
greatest of all Evils; for being desi-

6 rous to know who he was, because:

he was reproach’d with being an A-
lien, he set forward to consult the
“© Oracle; met with his Father, and
kill'd him without knowing who he
was; afterwards married his own Mother,
and became King of Thebes;
and when he seem'd to be most happy,
he had still a Desire to know

more concerning himself, tho’ his

Wife used all possible Endeavours to

prevent him; but the more the ftrove

“6 to do it, the more he follicited a cer-
6 tain old Man, who knew all the Af-
“6 fair, and threatned, and urg’d him,
by all the Ways imaginable, to the -
reat, so tickling is
the Pleasure of Curiosity, and so dis-
“© ficult to controul, that, like an Ul-
“© cer, the more ’tis {cratch’d, the more>

_ © *tis inflamed. But he that is free
from this Malady, and of an eafie

Temper,, when he has negtected to
hear

The Censor. N 36.
hear some bad News, ought to say,
Qdivine Forgetfulnefs of patt Evils,

“© how full of Wisdom arr rhou! ©

I could with heartily the Poets of our .

Times would follow the Model: of Sophocles,
and rather lay their Difre/s on

Incidents produc’d by some such w#xcon-
troulable Impulses, than to let the Dagger
and poi/on’d Cup be at the Discretion of —

a Villain; and multiply Mifchiefs only

to shock an Audience, or comply with

some unwarranted Lust or Ambition:
These Subjects cannot indeed properly
purge our Passions; we view the Offender

Detettation, and may have some
Pleasure to see him punish'd for his
Crimes, but his Misery will never stir

us up to Compaflion, because he has cnly
what he deferv’d.
I have frequently perus’d with Satisfaction
the Othello of Shake/pear, a Play
most faulty and irregular in many Points,
but Excellent in one Particular. For
the Crimes and Misfortunes of the Afoor
are owing to animpetuous Desire of having
his Doubts clear’d, and a Jealoufie

and Rage, native tohim,which hecan=

not controul, and which push him on

to Revenge. He is otherwise in his

Chakaéter braye and open; gencrous

N’36; The Censor.
and full of Love for De/demona; but

stung with the subtle Suggettions of

go, and impatient of a Wrong done’

to his Love and Honour, Paffionat once
o’erbears his Reason, and gives him up
to Thoughts of bloody Reparation: Yet.

after he has determin’d to murther his |

Wife, his Sentiments of her fuppos’d

Injury, and his Misfortune are so-pathetick,
that we cannot but forget hisbar- —

barous Resolution, and pity the Agonies
which he so itrongly seems to feel,

Oth.———Had it pleas’d Heav'n
Jo try me with Affition, had it rain’d
All kind of Soxes and Shames on my bare
Head,
Steep'’d me in Poverty to the very Lips,
Giv’n 10 Captivity me, and my utmost Hopes ;
I foould have found in some Place of my Soul
A Drop of Patience.--——But, alas! to make
The fixed Figure for the Time of Scorn
To Point his tlowand moving Finger at:

~ Yet could I bear that too——wel/ ;——

But there, where I have treafur’d up my
Where either I muff live or bear no Life,
The Fountain from the which my Current = :

42 TheCensor. N°37_
else driesuby—to be discarded thence,

Or keep it as a Ciftern for foul Toads
To knit, and gender in: Turn thy CompleaClion
there,

Patience, thou young and rose-lipp'd Cherubins
1 here look grim as Hell ——

N° 37. Tuesday, January 15.

Nos Deam caelogue |locamus. Juv.
Find that my Table of Time, and Observations
wpon ducky Days, have carried

some People such Lengths of Superfrition,

as I little ex neither did

intend to infinuate from that Doétrine :

T have received several Letters on this
Subje&, and some from the Friends of
Fudicial Astrology: The Latter requet

that I will blias the Publick with a

Dissertation on the Motions and

of the Planets, and their certain Influences

over the. Aétions of Mortals.
Fhefe do not fail to remind me, in fayour.

The Censor. 43
f ‘vour of their own Opinion, that it was
asserted by the great A/bumazar, that
the Prayers which are put up to Hea-—
veny when the Moon is in Conjunttion
with Jupiter in the Dragon’s Head, are
infallibly. heard.
Another of my Correspondents, who
profeffes himself an Admirer of the Science,
desires he may have the Honour
of casting my Nativity: | must confess, I
am so little an Ob/erver of Times in that
Way, that if by the Means of an Horoscope

could know before-hand the future
Incidents of my Life, I should ac- —
count it more warrantable |to remain in
Ignorance; and rather trust my Fate in
the Hands of Providence, than endea-
vour to controulit by so doubtful a Pre-

{cience. |
~ What can such a Knowledge avail us.
further, than to fling the Misfortunes
or Mifcarriages of our Lives upon the
Direétion of the Stars, when perhaps our
own Obdftinacy and Imprudence have much |
potently influenc’d our Actions?
These. Avoidances of Blame, by trans-
ferring our Mis-condué to Stars and Destiny,
are as filly and unreasonable, as being
exceflive in our Murmurs against Fortune:

Yet it has been the Levity of the
most

44 The Censor. N37,
most distant Ages oftento impute to ber,
what Men in Reality should have charg’d
on their own Follies, It puts me in
Mind of the Fable of the old Woman in
the Apple-Tree, who, getting adefperate
Fall, laid her Misfortune to the Devil's

Score. /fomer, whafe Knowledge was

as universal as his Poetry is excellent, was
not ignorant of this Fault of the World ;
and, wisely to correct it by an Authority
of more Force than his own, he introduces
his Gods complaining of the Inyuftice
of Men, who charg’d their Miferies
on the Celestial Powers, when their
own, Crimes and Follics render’d them
unhappy. |
This Impression of such wrong Notions,
amongst the Ancients, erected to
many Temples, as we read of, to Fore
tune. There indeed seems a fort of Confusion,

or at least an Intricacy which

wants explaining, in the old Theology. That

divine Poet, whom I] have already quoted,
has plac’d the two Vessels of Good and E-
vil, which were to be dealt out among
Mankind, near the Throne of Fupiter;

whilst the Philosophers who acknowledged
the Power and Unity of the Deity,
call’d that divine Being Fortune, when
they consider'd it only as the Diftributer
of Good and Evil Things. ;

N° 37. ‘The Censor.

It isa large Field for Argument, as
well as Speculation, whether the Succe/s of
our Designs is owing to Fortune, or that
our Good oy Lil Fortune depends on our
Condué&t. We have Maxims and Proverbs
that lfeem to stand as Guards on
the Frontiers of these two controverted
Positions; we have had Declamations

pro and con on the Subject; and Poets

and Philosophers have interested themselves,

on either Side, in the Difpure.
If we will range our selves under the

Discipline of the first Position, Jndufry

and Prudence mutt have much less Share

in Humane Events, than Good or J// Fortune:

We mutt become a kind of Predefinarians

in our Notions; and forma Belief
that neither Reason nor cur Endeayours
can alter the Course of Aétions,
or correct our Misfortunes. Anunforefeen
Disposition of Circumstances, independant
on Us, mutt regulate our Success;
and personal Merit, entirely fubje&
to the moulding of Fortune, be of no
other Worth than from the favourable
Working of this great Arbitre/s. ’Tisa
vain Enterprize in Us, says the witty Mon-
{aigne, to presume to grasp both the
Causes ynd Consequences, and carry the
Progress of Aétions in our Hands. Ic

cannot

cannot be denied, that Fortune, or |
Chance, or whatever else we shall ftile
it, in many Stations of Life has a Sway
above Merjt, :Prudence, or our Endeavours.
The strange Acquisitions in Merchandize
and Gaming, the frequent Advances
both at Court and in the Camp,
are so many inconteftable Proofs of this
Truth. We often see such Turns of |
Advantage waiton the Simple and Undeferving,
as may reasonably make Menof
Merit and Wisdom sick of the Difpofi- |
tion. ‘* It is ordinarily observable in |
«| Humane Actions, as the fame ingeni-
“© ous Frenchman has exprels’d it, that
“¢ Fortune, in order to convince us of
_ © her powerful Influence overallThings,
takes Pleasure in abating our Prefurnp-
~ tion: And not being able to make
Fools wife, she makes them Happy
in {pite of Virtue. .
Jf we will-efpoufe the opposite Part
of the Controversy, we must believe
that we may be Authors of our own |
Fortunes, and become happy or mi- ~
ferable in such Degree, as we a& with ©
more or less Wisdom or Imprudence.
Nepos has: more than once obferv’d
the Condu& of Pomponius Atticus, that
it seem'd to convince him}a Man’s Man-

N37. The Censor. 47

ners made his Fortune, or reconcil’d Fortune
to him, 7

As Christians 1 think we must range
our selves between these Two Extrémes ;
let us place Providence where Ignorance
has substituted Fortune, and that will
moderate and abate our too high Opinion
of our Prudence. The Consequence of
this will be, that, where we are tavour’d,
we may look up with Gratitude tothe
Divine Difpenfation; and where the
Dice of Happiness run low upon us, we
may reflect that we have been defeétive
in our Duties, when we see the Unworthy
bless'd with a better Chance.

To presume on a Foreknowledge of —
Accidents uf Life, is stretching our Ca-
pacities beyond their Reach, and arro-
— gating to Ourselves a Liberty of apin
the Divinity. Exalted Wisdom,

deep Searches into Nature have taught
us to guess at a Number of Events from
Second Causes; but to assert from Matter,

and /eading Consequence, that these »
Things or shall not be, is an Impudence
of Humane Reason. I {peak not
as to experimental Operations, but the
Issues of Futurity. We are affur’d from
Scripture that not even the Angels of
Heaven know the End of our Days, and —

short, it is an exc

48 The CENSOR. 37.

why shall we be for anticipating a
Knowledge which even to Them has its

Restrictions? Besides, were our Difqui- |
fitions answer'd with the Knowledge we

contend ‘for, what would be the Fruits

of it but tedious Expectations of the

Felicities promis’d, and Fears and “Anxicties
of the threaten’d? In

ellent Lesson of Epictetus,
to abridge our vain Curiosity in

these Points, not to trouble ourselves
that Things are a8 we would have

them, but to becontent they /oould be as

they are, and we shall live eafie.

Ne 38, Thur fday, Fannary 17.

Unde fit infamis, quare male fortibus Undis

Salmacis enervet, ta@e/que semoiliat Artus,

Difcite. Caufa latet : Vis eff notifiima Fontis..

Ovid.
Am so far of Opinion that our Com-
Dreams proceed from Repletion

and Indigeftion, that, to prevent this fantaftick
Disturbance of my -Slumbers, I

have for some Years accuftom’d my self

to go Supperlefs to Bed. Fancy, how-

CVCT, -

N° 38. The Censor. 49

ever, I-am convinc’d, will fometimesoperate
on an empty Stomach, and strange -
Images be presented to us in our Sleep,

even when we live phy/fcally, and
endeavour to keep the noxious Humours
in Subjection. Tertullian, 1 remember,

has from some certain Dreams attempted
to prove the Excellence of our Souls:
There are Others, I belicevé, which ar
but evidence the Vigour of the
nimal Spirits, and the strange Power of
that Mimick F. ancy, as Dryden ttiles her,
over sleeping Reatfon.
The Réveri¢ into which Iso lately flipt
has given me Assurance of this Notion, .
by furnishing out a Vision of such Ex-
tyavagance as no Trace of Thought or
Reason can account for.

Methought. I was’ fcituated in

Midst of a wide and pleasant Field, that

look’d gay and delightful as the Poet’s
Elizium,; the Deliciou{nets of the Clime,
and the balmy Breezes that blew with

such Fragrancy, perfwaded me that I

was traniplanted to the Continent;

and the Buildings.and ‘lowers, that

beheld on the diltant Skirts of the Plain,
seem’'d such as Twas only acquainted wirh®
from a Know ledge of Antizuity. Onm
left Hand, | saw a Grove of Myrtics,

IL. D whoie.

590 TheCensor N’38.

whose Walks were chequer'd with frequent
Arbours blooming with Jeflamine
and Woodbiné. On the Right, | beheld

a Fountain which diffus’d its Waters
in great Plenty froma rising Ground,
and which were receiv'd in a f{pacious
Vale beneath. The Steams that arose
from it were of so faint and sickly a Scent,

thought they check’d the Auferity

of my Nature, and tainted me with

Thoughts of unusual Softnefs and Effeminacy.

-
My Curiosity was not a little prompt-

ed to discover the Mystery of this sudden

Alteration,’ when approaching the

~ Vale I saw a Concourfe of People, some

naked, others dressing, and who hadall

been bathing in the Fountain. Their

Countenances were, for the most part,
wan and confumptive; and those, ,who
look’d with most Bloom and Colour, had
their Features temper’d with a maidenly
Bluth, and Lines-which seem'd peculiar

to the /ofter Sex. On the remote Bank, ~
I beheld Swarms of Creatures of a more

rugged Disposition: Their Arms and

Habits confess'd them Natives of old .

Greece and Rome, nor were there a few

with painted Skins, such as we are told |
the Sons of Britaine formerly were. These

N° 38. The Censor.

all look’d down with Contempt on
the Generation of Bathers, and some
with such Glances of Indignation as
shew'd ’em refolv’d to launce their
Spears, and transfix them on the Spot.
Whilst I stood gazing with some
Wonder, and longing to be inform’d
what this odd Mixture should intend, I
was accofted by an old Fellow, whom I
should easily have mistaken for Diogenes,
had he communicated his Sentiments
from a Tub. Friend, /ays be, I perceive
by the Earneftnefs of your’Looks, you
arc a er, to this Place. Knowthen
that those Waters, in which such Numbers
continually bath, slow from thecelebrated
Fountain of Salmacis. They
still retain a Quality, for which they
have been in all Ages noted, of emervat- —
ing the Soulsof thofewho wafhinthems;
The most Martial Spirits are not secured
from their Infe&tion; and the Heroes,
who have ventur’d their Limbs in that
Stream, have afterwards exchang’d the
Javelin for the Diftaffe. If you want
further Proofs of their ema/culating Property,
than from the Mein and Com-_
plexions of those Animals you have seen,
tollow me to yon Grove, and I'll thew
you in what Employments the Frequen- |
ters of this Spring {pend their lazy { fours.

The Censor. N° 38.

My old Guide, without giving me
leave toreply, led the Way tothe Grove,

and I-follow’d him with Pleasure and

Expectation of the Novelty. In the
first Arbour we came to, I saw afpruce
ruddy-looking Youth, who was chaffering.
with an old Hag about curious |
Teeth- Powder, and Pajie for the Hands:
We proceeded not much fyrthere’er we
started aSecond, who was phighty bufie
in, pickling of Cucumbers. Where we
made the third Stand, we found the
Passage embarafs’d with French Taylors
and Peruke-makers, and perceiv'’d they
were attending on a Man of Mode, .and
waiting for /mprovements in Dre/s and
As we struck into another Walk, we:
were alarm’d with the Sound of affe@ed
Harmony; and, approaching, furpris’da
Beau playing with a Fan, and practising
Airs out of anOpera: The next Remove
presented us with a pale-fac’d Animal, |
receiving Visits ina Damask Bed, and
diverting himself with a Favourite Cat,
with a ved Ribbon about us Neck.
The next Object was a Creature of
Gallaitis and Intrigue, adjutting his Cravar
and Peruke in the Glass; and on his
Table lay several Bz/lets in gilt Paper in-

{crib’d

N° 38. The CENSOR. . §3
fcrib’d to Clelia and Amarillis; and by

them a Catalogue of Appointments made,

and Visits in Arrear. From another Arbour,
at no great Distance, we heard a
mighty tittering as from some Females;

and discover'd a tall young Fellow in

Scarlet, at Blind-man’s- Buff with his Mother’s
Chamber-Maids.
At several Stations we could perceive
them drefling out for the Ma/querades
at others, practising Borees and Minuets,
nor fail’'d we of Some who were divert=
ing themselves with thei Needle, and exercising
their Fancies with the Difpotition
of Colours in Patch-work. ‘The Variety

of Objeéts could not but furnish

outa Diverfiry of Amusement; and [
was not a little pleas’d ata Spark and
his Ladies; whoin an J/ndian Nightgown
and Brocaded Waltcoat, was frothing up
the Chocolate. - | a

What moit furpriz’d me in this Antick
Dream, was, that many of the Faces
I met with in the Grove were such as

T remember to have {een at the Theatres,

Drawing-rooms, and Coffee-houses.
Soon as I wak’d, | began to recall the

Circumstances and Particulars of my, Vision;

and to defcant on the Moral of so
Chimerical 4 Medley. How often,
thought

54 The Censor. 38,

thought I, have Affluence of Fortune,
and a Vice of Education, made our Sons
as effeminate, as the Waters of Salmacis
are reported to have done! How many

have been funk in Luxury to adegreeof |

VWomdn-hood, who, owed the Service
of their Sword or Brain to their Country!

I cannot reflect on the Degeneracies
of the Age without a Retrofpection to
the Manners, and Masculine Virtues of
the old Spartans: The very Sports of
whose Youth were Feats of Activity, and
a continual Course of Exercise, to inure
them to Toil, and preserve them from
the Lethargy of Laziness and Indolence :
Thus were. their Nerves strung with
double Strength, and their Souls {pirited
up to Exploits of Bravery and Honour.
Then could Friendthip be cultivated
without the Aid of Flattery; and Virtue
recommend to Trust without a fervile
Dependence. ‘Then was Sincerity pra-
&is'd without Suspicion; and the Features
taught no eanguage but what the
Heart and Tongue di

ated. On the ©

contrary, Effeminacy, which enervates |
the Body, debauches the Principles. Our
Friendthips are little better than Strains
of affeéted Civility; Grimace and Compliment
supply the Place of Truth and

Honetty ;

N°39.. TheCensor.. §§
Honesty; and our Services are grounded
either on a View of Interest, or end tn
idle and ineffeétual Profeflions. I must
notwithstanding conclude of my Countrymen,
as Jian did of the Athenians
whom he had been accusing of Luxury
and Softnefs: Diffolute as they are, yet
these are they who won the Battel of Ma-—
rathon.

N° 39. Saturday, fanuary 19.

Fust intatis guogue cura,
Conditione [uper communi: quin ctiam Lex,
Poenaq; lata, malo nollet carmine quemquam
Defcribi: vertére Modum, formidine fuftis, —
Ad dicendum, dele&tandumque

Shall make it a Rule for the future,
unless some important Reasons tothe
7 contrary divert me from the Subje&, to
take the. Affairs of the Stage under Cog-
} nizance every Saturday. In my Differtations
on this Head | thall be careful
comprize every Branch of the Theatre; -
and lay down my Opinion with like Freedom,
in Regard to the Poets, Aétors, |

56 The Censor.

and Audience. That Part of the Argument

which will relate tothe Poets, shall
not only take in a View of their Performances,

but be employ’d on the Nature
of the Poem|they engage in, the Fices
which each Species of Poetry has labour’d

under, and wherein reform’d ei-—

ther by. the Genivs of the Authors, or
of the C omumon-wealth.
Without gntering into any Dispute

with Chronologers, or those Criticks in Literature,,

who) write but to a Dozen Readers,

1 shall take the Liberty to begin

with the O/d Comedy. This fort of Poefy,

when it first started, was like Man, un-

civiliz’d by Notions of Humanity, rude

and barbarous. Ic wanted not its Graces
of Thoucht ov

at Gamewith a Gyart, you were
sure to be knock'd down whenever the
Blow reach’d you. It was a G/a/sindeed
that fer Vic ind Folly & View, but it

had a pernicious Property of thewir
particular Facey. Characters of Men and
Manners drawn from Nature, and a just
Decorum of the Stage were Improvemeuts
of Jatey Ages; Old Comedy contented
it self with Ridicule, and a bare-
fac’d Exposing of Persons in Being.

This

sélion, but its Satire was.
so harsh and unpolite, that, like playing

The Cr NS OR. $7

This Licence of the Scene soon a-

larmed the Magiftracy, who found their -

own Names and Actions were not {par’d ;

but the private Blemifhes of their Lives
made publick, and cenfured with Virufence.

This soon’ drew down. the
Artillery of Law on the Comick Pocts,

and per/onal Defamation was made Capi.

tal by the Statutes. -

t shall not be so critical as to pursue
an History of the Degrees by which the.
Stage reformed, but rather observe upon

the Jufinefs of Penalties, and
the Use it has been of to the Design of

Comedy by difarming it of private Scandal,

Had the Liberty ot this Custom of traducing
gone on unpunifh’d, the most Vir-

tuous, and Inoffenfive would have suffer'd
in the Libel. There are’ Hours in

which Envy and malignant Wit attack

without Diftinétion; and no Considerations

can secure the Innocént from the
Lathes of an inveterate Pen: Besides that

Detra&ers, like Carerpiliers, chufe to

prey,on the fairest Fruit.

certain were thereno Reftri€tions
of Severity, /ome Poets would be perfe&
Atheifis inher Liberties, and bring the
most sacred Things into Contempt. The
Majetty of Kings would be as liable to

Dg their

58 The Cen sor. 309.

their Scurrility, as the most common
Topicks of Raillery. No Regards of Au-
thority would deterr them from Calumny,
were it not fecur’d by a coercive Power ;
and Yove himself would be the Object
of their Derifion, could they presume —
themselves‘safe from his Thunderbolts,
Ariffophanes, tho’ acknowledg’d the |
Treasurer of all the /ttick Graccs, is one
of these bold and flagrant Wits:
truc, Satire in his Days was not ty’d up,
and he has ler it loose to worry all Degrees
and Ordersof Men. Had he liv’d.
in the more renee, of Menander,
when. Regulations and Decency, the
Caution of Senates, anda more refined
Taste had correéted the Licence of the
first Times, we might have expeéed the
ands.
I have one particular Objeétion to this
old and unreform’d Comedy, that, set-
ting aside the Cafe of the Parties griev’d, ©
Inveélives \eveli'd at a single Person have
not the due Influence on the general.
The Business of Comedy is certainly, by
fhewing our venial Faults and Follies in
strongest Light of Ridicule, to
us from the Praétice, and amend our
Manners. This Reformation must neceflarily

Models of Comedy from his

ceffarily be made from general Chara-

€ers; for where a particular Man is"
fneer’d at, every one is for throwing the ©
Ridicule off from himself, and can find»

nothing in his own Conduét to corre&

from the Lesson.
For this Reason, as well as ‘to avoid

the Odiam of Ill-nature, I would advise

all. the Moderns who are converfant‘with
the Old Comedy, to ttud. the Beauties —

and discard the Virulence: A good Poet
may with artful Satire be the Scourge
of the Times, without knotting his
W hip for one Delinguent. Singling out

of Obje&s for Reproach and J/nfamy, is

turning Executioner in Wit; whereas Poetical
Correttions, like Fire-Arms in the
Battel, should be dilcharg’d without too

close a Direétion, ’Tis a wife Provision .
in Equity, that, where a Plaintiff flies
from the Merit of his Cause to trifle or |
defame, his Bill bereferr’d for Scandal

and Impertinence. So Poets, who,

rather thannot befpatter some Jndividual,
will lose Sight of the Moral, .and rob

theirs Audience of Inftruétion, ought to
be amerced for running Riot in Wit.
[ shall be in Hopes that Apprehension

of personal Infli€tions will in time extire

pate the Generation of Lidelling Wits,
Sesror,

N°39.. The Censor. 59,

6 TheCensor.
Terror, and the Fieth’s Weakness have
in many Cates prevail’d, where Reason
and Good-nature have loft the Argument.
Ihave now by mea Manoufeript |
Treatise, which perhaps might be of
some Uie to stop the Growth of Defamation,
giving a /bqrt Account of the Madevolent
Wits that have /uffer’d for the
Freedoms of their Pen. I cannot say whether
it be a genuine History of Facts, or
only a Legend of fictitious Punishments
compil’d iz Terrorem. 1 suppose it may
have had some View to the Law mention’d
by Horace; for | find a C/ud fre-
guently asserted to be the W eapon of Correction.
I, have another small Traét, -
perhaps wrote on the fame Foundation,
call'd, The Regulation of Wit by an Oaken

Plant.
Tho’ I have no Design of making
these Treatifes publick now, I'll take
care they shall not be loft to Poiterity
upon Occasion, should the Sons of De-
Famation {pring up in another Age.
I mutt I havea particular Veneration
for Candour inall Compositions;
ic is a Quality which recommends our
« other Virtu¢sto the World, and extenuates
our Failings. I have often been pleas’d
With this Mitigation, when I have heard

N’39. The Censor. 6x

a Man tax’d of some Faults, that yet .

~—— He's a very good-natur’d Man; I never
knew him give any body a bad ord.

On the contrary, [ have been provok’d
to meet with Peoplt of so perverse a
Disposition, that they would never allow
any one Merit, or the least Pretence to
a good Character. Spleen, or a Mittaken
Emulation, which centres in Envy,
has over-rul’d their Opinions, and implanted
Prejudices which the best Te-
{timonies are not able to evict. These
are a Tribe of Wretches, who, if I
may be allow’d the Expression, tho’ you
convince them, will not be convine’d.

I might have been much more Critical
upon O/d Comedy, if its main Vice
of per/onal Refieétion had not carried me
unawares into this Digreflion: But thus
it happens in many other Cafes, that a
Number of Beauties are often loft in one
Deformity.

Tucfday,

62 The Censor. 40.

Tuesday, January r2r.

© yauncea wel -
Us vidi! ut peril ut me malus abjtulit Error!

Vig.

Jope my Readers will not think me too
ynd of talking of my self, when I ac- -
quajnt them that I have of late receiv’d
matiy Packets of Complimeat and Reproach.
The Contents of the former my Modesty
will not permit me toreveal: The latter
complain, That [ am not so bright as [
have appear’d to them under a former Character
and some, that I seem alittle too
much confin'd to Critici{m and'V orality.
Sappho has follicited me to touch on the
Influence of Love, and bids me remember
the celebrated Story of Eginbart and /m-
ma; but Emilia, whom I fulpeé& a Diffembler
of Inclination desires me to recommend
the Satisfactions of a Female
Friendfbip above the /xtimacies which are
grounded on Contrariety of Sexes.

N° 40. The Censor. 63

I may oblige the first by combating
the Opinion of the Prude; and convince:
the Ocher that her Soul may be touch’d
with a stronger Passion, than that which
an Affeétion for her own Sex can inspire.

A Friendship or Dearnefs, contra¢ted
from Sympathies in Habit and Temper,
can be no Exclusion to the Power of
Love; and tho’ two Friends may so far
be engag with cach other’s Attractions,
as to feclude themselves a while from o-
ther Conversation, there are Hours of
Lite in which Venus will put in her
Claim, and make us more remifs to our
Platonick Acquaintance. The Produttion
of our Kind is the Eldest Law of
Nature; and there are no Seeds implanted
in us to encourage an Aversion for
that Sex we are not of. To deal freely
upon this Head, I have always thought

~ Women pretend to be Man-baters, as

Fools make a Bravado of being Atheifis --
The Principles of both are founded upon
false Notions, and a Want of knowing
themselves fully. Emilia declaims publickly
againfi Marriage, and cannot bear
the Thoughts of a Man: Declarations of .
this fort may proceed from Three Causes ;
a toorigid Affectation of Modesty, a fa- —
vourable

64. The ENSOR. 40.

vourable Match not being inthe Way, or -

an Expectation of a Settlement by the By.
It is the Remark of a Writer, very
well acquainted with Nature, that»s/e
Woman who is infenfible, is one who has not
yet seen the Person fie is to love. 1 would
desire my fair Wards to contemplate on
this Lesson, and not give themtelves the
Trouble of a Reserve, which will ter-
— draw their Sincerity into Sulpici-
To declare no’ Antipathies, will never

subject them to the imputation of

Fondue/s: And the ftricteft Mode/fy may
keep. its Ground without the Aid of such
precise Infinuations.. Besides that there
is this Danger in protesting for Virgintty,

that.it has hinder’d many a Lov er -

from beginning his Address, and reduc’d

many a Woman to the Abstinence of 2:
Nua, without her-ever designing to put.

on the, Habit.
Ch his has as nice Sentiments of Honour
as yer {cruples not toconefefS,

she lives in Hopes of fe¢ing the

on ‘whom will depe nd an Increase of h: cr
Happinets: hears her ith a difdaintul
Smile, will not fufter.her {elf to.

be handed out of the Plav-house. to her

Coach, yet watches the Glances of every
9 op that 0g! ¢s her, and loses the whole
nters

N°40. The Censor. 65°
Entertainment of the Comedy: What

are these Airs of Reserve but Diffimulation?
Whence arises her Desire of being
admir’d and gaz’d at? And to what

Intent would the draw the Eyes of the

Spectators, if not to ‘captivate their
Hearts with her Beauty?

I have known many a Citadel, fortified
by. Art and Nature, that has been
furrendred to the Enemy by some Traytor
within the Walls: So Constitutions,

fecmingly all Frost and Indifference, -

have often been betray’d by a lurking
Inclination.. In vain are the Defences
of Professions and Resolves: Love feizes
on us suddenly without permitting us to
reflect: Our Disposition or our Weakness
favours the Surprize, and-a single
Look fixes and determines us of his Party.

How unhappy mult that young Lady
prove, who has worn such a Mask of
Aversion before the World, and at latt
is overtaken with a Flame, which the
fears to confess'to her most intimate

Sompaninent [ cannot hope by any Deription

to set this in so clear a Light,

as by an Example: I shall thereforecon- -.
clude this Paper with part of a remarkable
Story, which have met with

Bruyere.

56 The Censor. N?’ 40,

In Smyrna, there liv’d a young Lady
of extraordinary Beauty, whose Name
was Emira; yet not more famous for her
Beauty, .than the Severity of her Manners:
Above all, she profefs’d a strange
Indifference for Men, whom, as she said, »
she beheld without Danger, or any o-
ther Concern, than what the felt for her
female Friends, or her Brothers. She
could’not believe the thoufandth Part of
the Follies, which, she was told, Love
in all Times had been the Cause of ; and
those she saw herself, she could not comprehend.
Friendship wasthe only thing
the had any Notion of, and That she
made the first Experiment of in a young
and beautiful Person of her own Sex.
She found in her Friendthip something
so very soft and pleasing, that her only
Study was how to preserve it: Never
Imagining any other Inclination could a-

rife, which should make her less to cherish

that Esteem she Kad conceiv’d for
her favourite Friend. Her Discourse was
only of the charming Exuphrojina, (for so
~ was her admir’d Companion call’d,) and
their Friendship was talk’d of even to a
Proverb in Smyrna. |
Emira had two Brothers, both so young

and handsome, that all the Women in

N’ 49. The Censon.. .

the City were in Love with them; and °

whom she loved herself as became a
Sister. One of the Priests of upiter
had Access to her Father’s House, who,
ravith'd with her Beauty, ventur’d to

declare his Passion to'her, but came off.
only with Scorn and Contempt. An_

old Man who, relying on-his Birth and
Estate, had the fame Assurance, met
with the fame Success. She was surrounded
by her Brothers, a Priest and
an old Man, and could boatt heffelf infenfible:
But these were not the greatest
Tryals Heaven had referv’d for her:
Yet they too had no other Effeé than
to render her {till more vain, and to confirm
her inthe Reputation of being a
Person not to be touch’d with Love.
Of three Lovers, whom her Charms
had gain’d her one after another, whose
Passions she was nor afraid to flight, the

first in an amorous Transport stab'd

himself at her Feet: The second, in
Despair of ever succeeding, went to feck
his Death in the Wars of Crete: And

the third ended his Days in a miserable |

Languifhment and Distraction: °
The old Spark, so unfortunate in his
Amours, was cur’d at length by, refleé-
ing on his Age, and the Character “4

68. The Censor. N° 40.

the Person to whom he made his Ad-
dresses. However he was defirous to
vific her sometimes, and-had her Permission.
One Day he carried along with
him his Son; a Youth of a most agreeable
Afpeét, and a noble Mein.. She
beheld him with a more than ordinary
Concern; She saw hifn afterwards without
his Father, and heard him discourse -
with Wit and Pleafantry: But when
he talk’d less of her and her Beauty than
she expected, she was furpriz’d and an- |
gry that a Man so well made, and of so
much Wir, should be so little gallant.
Her Friend had express'd a Befire to.
see him, and was in Company when E-
mira eéntertain’d him. ,’Twas for £a-
phrofina alone he had Eyes, and. her
Beauty alone he commended. L£mira,
from being indifferent, became jealous;
perceiv’d the-Youth was not only capan
of Gallantry, but of: Tenderness.
rom that time she grows referv’d to
her Friend; no longer difgtrns that Merit
which charm’d her before; loses all
Relith of her Conversation, and no longerloves
her. >
The Youth and Kuphrofina saw onc
another every Day, lov’d mutually, a-
greed to marry, andfoon after were married.

N° Tbe CENSOR... 69

ried. LEwmira hears ot it, and is all enrared;
she feels to what height her Passion
is giown, and fecks out Lupbrofina
only tor the Pleasure of one Sight of
the Bridegroom. But the young Hulband
is still the Paflionate Lover, finds
in. his new Wife all the Charms of a
Mitftrefs, and looks on Evra but as the
Friend of her that’s dear to him. This
compleats the poor Lady’s Misfortune,
robs her of her Rest and Suftenancée, and’
brings a Decay upon her Body, anda
Distraction on her Mind. : She has her ©
Intervals of Reason, but ‘tis ef Reason

she mott complains. In this Condition’
she lies so sad and miierable, that the
Youth of Smyrna, ho, had seen her
fore so arrogant and mi/érable, think Hea-
Vtn has punith’ her but too leverely.

N° 4t. Thursday, January v4.

Laterduin V ulgus rectum videt yep ubi peccat.
Hor.

RP Drxden in his Preface to the
Me, has diftinguiih’d the Readers
of into Three Clafies, the

lowett

— The Ganson. 4r.

lowest of which he terms Mobb- Readers,
which including far the greater Numbers
he very humouroufly adds, thar, /f
Virgil and Martial food for Parliament-
Men, be knew already whe would carry it.
This Paflage worked so ftron:- ly upon
my Imagination the other Evening, that
some Traces of it recurring inmy Dream
formed themfelyes into the following
Vision, which I shall present my Readers
with for this Day’s Entertainmeng..
I fancied my self in a very {pacious
FTail, not unlike those where Publick
Eleétions are made, furnish'd with Seats
and Benches in the fame manner, only,
instead of the Aing’s Piéture, there were
beautiful Portraitures of Apollo,the Nine
Mu/es, and that other Friend and In{pirer
of the Poets, Bacchus. I thoughtrit
was a Day appointed for the Eleétion of
a Poet Laureat, and the Candidates were -
Mr. Dryden and Mr. Quarles. There
never sure was beheld such a Mediey _
Scene of Conipany, such Differences of |
Face, Habit, Completion, and Poftures.
The quer: Number were of a meagre
Aspect, indifferently clad inragged Suits,

and dirty with Suuff and fnk. These

were a very strong: Party, ‘I observed,
and, as I found afterwards, most of
them,

ON’ The Censor.
them engag’d in Duaries’s Interest. Some

walk’d with their Heads hanging onone »

side, others stared upwards /ike mad A-
Rrologers, some mufed along with a
downward Look, like melancholy Bedlamites,
and among most of that Crew
there was much fumbling in Pockcts,

scratching of Heads, and biting of Nails.

In another Quarter of the Hall, there

was a Group of Figures crowded toge- |

ther in an attentive Posture, and liftning
to one of the Fraternity, who was repeating
a Copy of Verfesin Compliment
to the Person who carried the Eleétion,
with a blank Space left to insert either

of the Names of the Candidates. There -

was a great Diipute among those of a
bétter Figure, about settling some Preliminary
Rules to be observed at. the
Eleétion; upon which I haften’d thither,
and found the Contention was, Whether

the Criticks should be allow’d to.
Vote; The Friends of Quarles railed a-.

gainft it with great Vehemence, and
said all the contemptuous things their

Wit could supply them with in Oppo- -

fition to the whole Race of Criticks.
Mr. Dryden's Party, on the contrary,
urged the Reafonablenefs of the Proposal
with great Humanity and Candour.

have My L

The Censor. N’4t.

And thus, while the Matter was deending,

one of Quarles’s Friends ftept
out of the Hall, and brought in a ragged
Regiment, who deafen’d the whole
Court with loud Cries Oty No Critics,
No Critics.

This Point being they
were proceeding to poll, when a faucy

Fellow who seem'd to act in the Quality
of a fort of Under-Sherif, {pying

some Noblemen on:the Bench, protetted

againit-the Presence of Peers, who
might influence the Election. Upon |

which all the Persons of Quality rose

up, and.bowing to Mr. Dryden departed
the Hall. My L d R———»r look’d
back twice or thrice;and said some {mart
Sentences upon this Occasion, which 'I
am sorry, for my Reader’s Sake, thar I
the way he went dropp'd his Guinea's
very plentifully among the Crowd, not

at all regarding who rook them up, making

what haste he could frem the Impertinence
of Thanks, and the Trouble
of nauleous Civilitics. And now: Sir
ask’d Leave of the Aiiembly to act bya
Deputy, which every one who heard him
ipcak very wil lingly granted.

tall

being Cryer of the Court,

N°4t. The Censor. 73
The Poll began, and Bew Fobufonmaking
up to the Bar pronouric’d in a solemn
furly “Accent, as if he envied the
Candidate the Vote he gave, J vote for.
Mr. Dryden. Shake/pear, with a negligent
Air, and Boldnefs of Spirit, follow’d
him, with a vast Company of
Minor Poets at his Heels, who pick’d
his Pockets all the way he walk’d, with
alow thankful Bow, and poll’d for Mr.
Dryden. Beaumont and, Fletcher walk'd
Hand in Hand, the one with a graveand
thoughtful, the other with a gay
jively Look approached the Bar, and
gave their Voices as JFobnfon and Shake-
/pear had done before them. Upon
these so considerable Votes in his Fae
vour, I obferv’d a secret Smile arifin

in Mr. Dryden’s Countenance, which he
now and then correéted with a fcornful
Frown upon his Adveriary and his Par- ©
ty., He seem'd to think himself sure ofthe

Day, fancying that none could be
so foolith, or so hardyyas to dissent from
the Judgment. of thoie great Masters and
Chiefs in Poetry that had already voted.
But he was much mistaken; for, ona
sudden, Shirly, Ogilby,. with 2
numerous Tribe of Attendants, some
Grefs'd in Bands, Cloaks, and Borders,
E _rush'd

94 The Censor. N°’ 4r.

rush'd in and poll’d above Fifty running
for Mr. Quarles. This Turn of the Bal-
Jance-put, Nat. Lee into such a Passion,

that he ran swearing, kicking and _cuffing

about the Hall: He pull’d off Wi-

#ber’s precise Band, and tore a Spiritual

Poet’s Gown of the Church of England,

the only one in that Habit against Mr.

Dryden, into a Thousand Pieces. His
Fury being somewhat abated by meeting
his Friend Otway, they went up together
and voted for Mr. Drydez. |

After them came a Crowd of |

Bards, who offering to poll, it was objected,
that they were not qualified ,

anda great Scuffle arising, they took
their &§
Shillings a-year on Parnaffus,; but the
contrary being proved against them,

aths that they were worth Forty

they were turn’d out of the Hal! with

much Scorn and Laughrer. However
the Run still continu’d for Quarles, he

having brib’d the Court to accept of |
Fleckno’s, anda Number of bad Votes, on

his Side.. 6

The Friends of Mr, Dryden began
now to. look somewhat difpirited, and |
in despair of carrying their Cause, when |
Sir Philip Sidney appear’d, pulling along |
with him poor Spencer, who had wer

Nog1. The CENSOR.

beat back twenty times by the Infolence
of the Mob; and they voted for Mr.
Dryden. They were tollow’d by. Sir
John Suckling, who, with a gallant Air
and gay fparkifh Dress, went humming —
over a favourite Song, which h¢ broke

off in the middle when he had gor ro
the Bar, and not knowing before who
were the Competitors for the Laurel,
he made a short Speech upon the Impudence
of Quarles, in prefuming te
stand Candidate, said he always voted
for Gentlemen, and bidding the Clark
put him down for Mr. Dryden, refum’'d
his Song, and lefe the Company. AGl~_
ton, Cowley, Denham, and /¥Valler, al
follow’d his Example; but it avail’d nothing,
for upon casting up the. Books ,
Quarles was declar’d Laureat, at which
the Mob gave a loud Shout, crying out,
4 Quarles, A Quarles! Mr. Dryden having
so many valuable Votes on his Side
seem'd not atall difcontented at the Loss
of the Election, but rather went away
morg satisfied than the Conqueror. O-
gilby brought in the Laurel, and bound
it round the Temples of Quarles; bur,
as soon asthe sacred Leaves touch’d the
Seat of Dullnefs, they faded and wither’d
EK 2 away,

96. The C ENSOR. N° 42.

away,- Which was taken as an Omen that
Apollo did not approve the Choice of the
Multitude.

Satyrday, January 26.

Fama noviFontis noffras pervenit ad aure:
Ovid

received a great Number of
A Letters from several Persons, and
not given Place to any of them as yet
in my Papers, that they should notthink
their Jk and Wit wholly thrown away,
J-now lay before the Publick: an Epiftle
of very uncommon Contents, which Jately
came tomy Hands. As the Subject
of it.is very Nice and Delicate, I was |
obliged to retrench some Parts-of it, (a
Liberty which I shall always take)
fear the Gravity of my Character should
suffer from the Levity of my Corre-
fpondents. The Writer of this Letter
addrefies himself to me in the following
Manner.

Vonerable

42. The Censor. 7

Venerable STR,
Have lately read a Paper of yours,
hich gives a dreaming Account ot
an Emafcylating FOUNTAIN; and
could not but wonder that a Perfor
of your Judgment had not found a:
proper Antidote for so dangerous a Poy-
son. Could you unbrace our Nerves, |
deprefs our Spirits; whiten.our Com=-
© plexions, and give a feminine Softnefs
to our Eyes, without telling us which |
way to redeem this Degeneracy? Alt
that you have to say for your (elf,
thac ic wasaVifou. Bucl, Sir, who
© Jeep not for the Benefit of Mankind,
but just enough for my own Health, |
have, in my Hours of Watchfulnefs,.
found out a more considerable Secret -
than ever yet was communicated to
the Publick. Don’t think thisa Quack
Advertisement, that promiles much, and
performs nothing, but a real and
substantial Truth. Neither would I
“© have the late {nventor of the Virginity
‘€ Drops so vain as to imagine I stole his
Thought; mine being of a different
“¢ Nature, and the Subject of many long

Lucubrations.

The Censor. N’ 42.

“¢ 'You may have heard, Sir, of a Fountain
in /taly, mentioned by some anci-

ent Author, whose Name I wave for

fear of the Imputation of Pedantry, in
which ‘uno, that notorious hand/onie
Scold, us’d to bath every Year to recover
her Virginity, and so reconcile
her self to her Husband Fupiter, at
least omcee Year, after Matrimonial
Quarrels. Now the Virtue of ‘this

Fountain is entirely loft, I can assure

you; having wravell’d into /ta/y with
a /Vidow in my Company, who long’d

for a Tryal of the Experiment. Since

that, it has been my whole Study to
find out a Watcrof the fame Quality,
which at last after a long Search I
have met with. You can’t imagine
me so loft to my own Profit as to tell
you where the Place is, but yet I am

{o generous as to communicate to you

the Experiments I have made on m

Fountain; as well as a Lift of Those |

that, by Fano’s Favour, made use ‘of
that in Jta/y, which I took froma
Manuscript that I found there of undoubted
Authority.
The firfé Tryal I made of my Fountain
was upon a Chambermaid at my
Neighbour Squire ‘fofelin’s; who having

The CENSOR. 79

ving been very free with her was go~
ing to marry her to a Farrier, a Te-

nant of his: The Girl was about five

and thirty, and eae that Farriers

werea kind of Dofors,

e thought

fit to apply co me for a Method to
disguise her Loss, and deceive her

Husband: I order’d her to smmerge

two Mornings together in my Foustain,
and accordingly, to use the
Phrase of Llippocrates, fa joe recover'a.
My Success with my first Patient,
according to the Nature of Females, ,
was soon whisper'd about the Village g |

and at Twelve a-Clock, five N B ts
afterwards, I was knock’d out of my

Bed by a Lady of Diftinétion, who
was so unhappy as to have had an Intrigue
with her Father’s Coachman,
and io happy as to be going to be.

Married to a Nobleman: She talk’d

to me in her Afa/que, very patheticeliy,

concerning the Breach of her.

Hfonour; and, at the fame time clapcefir'd

my Advice.

ping a Llundred Guineas intomy Hand,

After having ta-..

ken her Oath of Secrecy I sent her

to my Fountain, and, to disguise the
Virtues of it, gave her a few 'insignificant
Pills, to prepare her for the:

i‘ ‘mw’

«The Censor. N° a2.

Bed of: hér Husband. My Design was

well answer'd, and she atrerwards told

me, that, to her great Comfort, she
did not sleep 2 Wink the Night she
was a Bride.

This Lady {oon afterwards went up to
London,where she had‘not beena Weck
before she was so kind as to send me
Six Coaches full of Patients: Their
Cafes, as they told me, being as common
in that great Town, though
not so fatal, as Swall- Pox,
or any other Ffidemical Di/femper.

These Ladies I boarded in proper A-
partments, and knowing their Mode-

{ty, sent them one after another at due
Seasons for an Immersion in my Fountain.

They all recover’d, and rewarded

me very plentifully; and their Lscen/es

being beforehand taken out, they.

were married ina Fortnightafter their

Departure. One of them, as she was

oing away, with an Additional Fee,
beg'd of me byall means, formy own
Interest, to come up to Town and
practise in the City; afluring me at
the fame time, that she would recommend
all her Acquaintance to me, who
were very numerous. |

don't

Near. The Censor.
IT don’t know how it came about
that a.private Discovery should spread
so far; but I foom after receiv’d a
Letter from my travelling Widow,
‘© who was at near a Hundred Miles di-
stance from my House, wherein, tel-
ling me of my Success with others,
the said, She had a mind to be a Maid
again, accordingly wou’d be with me
ina short time. She was as good as
her Word, and came ; and, having
advantageeus Offer of marrying a.
Pricf#,took my Receipt; bath’d Four
*¢ times, (which was more by Twice than
ever order’d any other Woman ;}
‘© and went into the Par/on'’s Hands a
True and Good Virgin. In this
periment, I must own, 1 found it vedifficult
to fit her for the Church;
*¢ and, forthe future, will never under-
take any Woman that has had Two.
*¢ Soon after this, a Couple of Coun-~-
try Wenches, who, as they said, had
their Maidenbeads out of a
lick, after a May-pole Dance, came to
*©-me with Half-a-crown apiece in their
Hands; telling me they had beenask’d
‘© Twice in the Charch, and thatif I did
not make them Virgins against next
E | ~ Sunday,

$2 * ‘The Censor.
“¢ day, they were undone. I, upon hear-

ing their Story, returnjd ’em thew
*€ Money, gave them Directions to re-

ag to the Fountain, and all would

e right. The young Jades titter’d
in my Face, said they had dabbled
“© there Twenty times, betore they were

. © under these Circumstances, and got
“© nothing but a Cold or an Ague by it.

However, upon.my grave Admoniti-

© ons, they consented to get up before

“© Day, and try the Experiment together.

they came to put
® ters ¢o the Tryal, they unluckily met
with Sir Wiliam hifilewell’s Lady,
&* whose Husband died but the Night
before, naked, and going to immerge.
_ & At which, knowing her Quality, they

6 ran away in a Fright, and deferr’d

their Cure ’till Mid-night; when they

both came, and were recover’d, tothe

_ © full Satisfattion of Thomas L—— and

Roger B——.

' & These, Sir, are bat afew of the
«© Experiments that. I have made; and

fearing left I should take up too much
of your Time, | defer the rest till a

s further Opportunity; and will then

© communicate them to you, with the

6 Lift-of those that made use of Funo’s

Foun-

Fyuntain, which I promis’d you in
the Beginning of my Letter. Inthe
mean time
Yours,

PHILO-PARTHENUS,

I doa’'t know very well what to make
of my Coirefpondent’s Letter ; but must
needs own, I with it had been my good
Fortune to purchase the Estate where
this wonderful Fountain flows. I am sure
that the Proprietor needs no other Ways
or Means to raise a Fortune as large as
he pleases. AZontpelier, Tunbridge, Bath,
are nothing to this; and therefore: Idefire
him in his next to acquaint me,
what Accommodation he has provided
for those prodigious Numbers that will
flock to him betwixt this and May.

Tuefiay, Fanuary 29.

Nuper me cujufdam amici Languor
monuit, optimos fe nos dum infirm:

T is not either in the Power of Reading

or to work those
sects

84. The Censor. N°43.
sects in Moral Life; which Naturevery
often does by kind Admonitions from
the Infirmities of the Body. Health in-
— us with Ten thousand Gaieties of
Thought, givesa lively Turnto our Ani-
mal Spirits, and dances us about ina .
Circle of Folly or Pleasure, without refiecting
where we began, or how we ©
shall conclude. But an uneafic Bed, a
painful Night, a nearer Profpe&’ of -
hange, alters the whole Model of our
Minds, reduces our Extravagancies to
lain Sense, our Wit to a Sobernefs of
Thinking, our Reason to the Regulation
of Religion. We see it every Day in
the most tninform’das wellas most re n’d
Understanding, that these little Turns
an our Constitution make great Improvements
in our Superior Faculties. It is _
~ pot that the Persons affected had not a
generalor habitual Notion of those things
which they then begin to look at with
amore piercing Eye, but that the Ob- |
jets were cither remov'd at too greata
Dittance, or blinded by the Interpofition
wf some others which were more taking
to the Sight.
I my self have known a pretended -
theifi walk over a Church-yard trembling
under a Stick, who before used to make

N° 43. The Censor. 85
it his Diversion to drink his Moon-dight .

Bottle, upon a Tombfione. A drunken

~ Clown, who has been debauch’d by a
neighbouring Freethinkiag Landlord, has -

spoke as fine and just Things in the
Day of his Adversity, as Cardinal W ool/ey
did, when he said, Had J /erv’d my God
as faithfully as I have done my King, he
would not have left me thus in my Old Age.
~ Such Reflections as these are not extort-
ed by the Subtilty of a Priest, but the
Dictates of honest Nature, which, when
she is once left to her self, difencumbred
from Form, Vanity, and Imposition, finds
her Way to Truth in a plain and eafie
Road. Information is little and: mean
at this time, acquir’d Arguments neither
touch nor affeét, the Conviction arises

from within, and thus a sick Man isa .

more pathetical Orator than Tu//y or Deofthenes.
Let any Man that seems uncon-
—vince’d at this, only observe in those Authors

that copy Nature thenearett, how:
much more extraordinarily he is mov’d.

by the Exprefiions of affitted and dying
Persons, than by any the brightest Sentiments
arising from other Incidents. |
The Oceafion of this cannot proceed
from what Criticks call a te of

Difive/s, because miserable Obj

&6 The Censor. 43.
an Impropriety of Sentiments adapted to
their Condition, may as well produce
Laughter as Pity, Admiration, or any
other Paflion. Whenever you see any
thing of that fort, as you may doin man
Authors, it requires but little Judgment
to know where to lay the Blame: Ir is
thé Writer, not the Person represented,
Who diverts you with Folly at the Hour
of Death, and places Wit where Noture
ought only to rergn.

This is the Reason why after a seeming
Preparation for Grief and Sorrow,
we ofien dit with dry Eyes inthe Vheatre
at some Tragedies, the Poct either going
contrary or beyond Nasure; tor a Trant-—
greflion on either hand must certainiy
offend. Whereas, if People would draw
from Circumitancesas they happen, without
Regard to Paint, or superficial Beauties;
if they did not please us by their
Expreflions, yet their Thoughts, as being
Copies of what we have felt in our
Bofoms, must necefflarily affect us.

I perceive that I have run into a Disellin
from the Subject propos’d, but

these Reflections seem so nearly to relate
to it, that I could not help falling into
them. Instances are the most apt to
make Impressions, and if mine are not

very

The Censor. 37

very exact, they may perhaps serve to
raise Idea’s inthe Reader’s Minds, which
they willeafily apply to che first Notions
of thisEffay, which’ was, That a Cour/e.
of Sickness, is a Course of Philosophy,
and teaches us more than many Years of
severe Study, or mirthtul Gallantry. The.
younger Pliny, whom I have chose to
stand at the Head of this Paper, has‘
wrote avery excellent Epiftle to a Friend
of his on this Occasion, which I cannot
forbear giving the World in a free English

Translation. ~

Pliny to Maximus.
c HE Sickness of aFriend of mine

convinc'’d me, that we.are
6 the bess Meh, when we are out of Or- |
“© der. For what Sick Man is troubled
© either with the Carkings of Avarice,
or the Sollicitations or lewd Appe-

' 6 tires? That Men is no Slave to the
Paflon of Love, none to the Alilurements
of Ambition; he defpifes Wealth,
“© and how mitch or little foever he is
*¢ possess'd of, is the fame contented Man
with that single Theughs of leaving
it behind him: Then it is he remem-
“© bers that there are Geds, then it is he
remembers he is buta Man. He envies

88. The Censor. N° 43,

no One, admires no One, defpifes no
© One; and is so loft to humane Pas-

© fions, that he neither attends to Fila-
tery, or regards Scandal. All his
© "Thoughts areturn’d on falutary Baths,

- -§ and cooling Fountains. This is the

height of his Wishes, the utmost of
© his Ambition. Then it is, that he
*¢ Jays Schemes, if he happens to reco-
ver, of a future regular Condu@; to
have his Pleasures and Studies- well
corrected, his Body kept in due Tem-
perance, that is, to lead an innocent
“© and a happy Life. In this View 0
can lay You and My self down afhort
‘© Maxim, which the Philosophers en-
deavour to teach in many Words and
many Volumes, That we ought to live

‘© “and continue to be [uch fort of Menin the —

fullne/s of Health, as we promise our
selves to become in the Weakne/s ‘of
Sickiie/s.

Thave.used some'liberty in the Tran{- ©

dation of this Elegant Epiitle, which the
Learned will easily diucover upon aComparifon,
and foro put the English Reader
upon an Equality with them, I thall give’.
him a Thought from One of our own
Countsymen, who .carries the Matter
further,

N° 33. The Censo 84

further, from the point of Sickness to
the point of Death. Itis an Apofrophe
of the celebrated Sir Walter Rawleigh ta
Death it. self, and a finer perhaps than
in any. Ancient or Modern Author. ~—

Oeloquent, and mighty Death!
whom none could advise, Thou haft per- _

fwaded; what none have dar’d, Thou
haft done ; and whom all the World
hath flatter’d, Thouonly haft cast out of
the World and defpis’d : Thou haft drawn

together all the far-stretch'd. Greate

ne{3, all the Pride, Cruelty, and Ambition
of Man, and cover'd it all over

with these Two narrow Words, Hic

N° 44. Thursday, January 3%.

Ut varias Ufus Meditando extunderet Artes.

Virgil. -

((Useer is the Mother of all Arts
and Sciences; it is That which first
starts new Hints of Improvement, and
engages the Mind in the Pursuit: sometimes
quickning it with the Profpeéts of
Fame, at other times tempting the Pas-

fions.

acer.

92 TheCensorn.
fions with the more alluring Bait of Reward.
Were it not for one or other of
~~ these Spurs to the Intefleéts of Man, In-
~ vention would languifh, Arts decay, and
the Thoughts, being satisfied with a superficial
View of Things, extend themselves
no farther, than a Survey of the
present Object” But -the Soul being .
stirred and awakened by the Motives [
have mentioned, is ever bufying it self
in Tryals of its Strength and Powers,
and stretching forward upon the Scentot
new Discoveries. The Menof this Turn
of Mind meet with very different Fates :
Fhus an obftinate and barren Genius

shall drudge on-half a Century, and-ac

last bring. forth nothing but the Fruits
of a long-studied Folly, to expose it self
to Laughter and Contempt. Another .
of a quick but deiultory Thoughtr rests
contented withian imperfect Birth, which
+ he leaves to the Cultivation of more
painful Hands; anda third, {till more
happy, shall both discover, and com-{
pleatly finish some new and wonderful.
Scheme of Science.
Ft is now Time for to give some Instances,
after this grave Introduction,
which my Box of new Jnventiom in Phiefopby
supplies me with on this

The First the Ladies and the Bears

ought tothank me for, if from my Hints -
they ever venture upon the Experiment :

They are to understand then that, a Greold

Woman, who was more in
putatton at Conjlantinople, than any of our:

Nurses and Dottors are in London, has
found out a Method.of exgrafting or tran/-
planting the Small-Pox. 1 fancy nowthat
I see my lovely Female Readers. startled
at the very naming that Enemy to Beauty ;

and yer, if they will but havea Woman's

Patience, I hope to make them easy be-~
fore I have done. If this Promise will
notdo, let them fling aside my: Paper,
tilla Fit of Curiosity (which | am sure
will not be long) returns upon them, and
then {see if | am notas good asmy Word.

Suppose then a Lady had a mind to
havethat troublesome Diftemper (which
as the Learned Dr. L——— — r observes,
is {Cretimes the Cause of the worst of
all Curses, Barrenne/s:) well over with
her, without being at all sick, or difor-

der’d, or what is more to the purpose

with those whocan better bear Pain than
Deformity, without any Diminution of
her Charms: In this Cafe, the skéliful
Tran/planter has nothing else to do but

to travel about the Town to find out a —
Kind

los The Censor. N° 44.

Kind and Safe fort of Smali-Pox, which

he with great Facility tnoculates upon his
Patient: where they thall /prout forth,
Alourify, and decay, as naturally as a we//-
ingrafted Branch, without the least Symptom
of Pain or Danger. This Courte,
says my Learned Correspondent, is so
Certain and Safe, that an Eminent Physician,
who has undertaken the Praétice
of it, has drawn up aZadle of FeesinPro- .
portion to the Quality of the Paséents he
is concern’d with, and which with his
Leave I communicate to the Public.

For 4 Nobleman married two
~ Years, or his Heir,
N.B. His Lady, if be pleases, at half

of One Year’s standing only, 200 /.

A Beau just arriv’d at his E- :
state, with his Coachman or
his Miffre/s into the Bargain,

The only Son of an Alderman,

~Dog-cheap, at an Annui-

Annum.

Negi. The Censor. 93
A Knight, ’Squire, middle

Citizen, or their Children, 40 /,
per Head,

\ Widow designing a second >
Marriage, if well-jointur'd,
not a Farthing un-

Dignitaries of the Church, (if
of my Party)at ihe
N.B. J undertake no oibers in Black.

Officers of the Army, if the ) At Three
Small-Pex only, accor- Weeks
ding to their Stations, ‘Pay.

Lawyers, Judges, and Serjeaiits, at 7.

Sttorneys and Sollicttors, &c.
from ‘Thirty to
N. B. not one of the las? Class.

This is the rough Scheie of the Doof
Fees, the rest he complains
cannot be reduc’d to any regular Stan-.
dird, and he must therefore proportion
them according to thcir present Fortune,

or future Expectations. As for Example,
He makes avery considerable Difference
Between a Woman with a Single Lover,
and another with and

knows

The Censor. 44.

know’ not what Price to set upon one
whom half the Town admires. The like |
Diftinétion is to be cbferv’d in Families,
in the Cafe of a AZother’s Favourite, and
an ordinary Child. The fame Difficulties
made him omit Courtiers in hgs Catalogue,
who are not to be dealt with
like other Men, or tied down to a certain
Rule of Payment; some, as he observes,
being able to pay him by raising
his Reputation, and others to quit the .
Score by preferring his Friends and Relations.

Old Women and Prudes are de-

fignedly left out, because, as he says, the
Juices of their Bodies are so vftiated and! .
fowei’d, the o with Age, the second
with Envy, that their Blood will not
bear any kind of /noculation. ‘It is for
much the fame Reason that /ifth-H7- ,
Bona Roba’s, and Play-house Beau-
tiesy are to despair of the ‘tran/planting
Virtue’s taking any notable Effect in their

Contftitutions; some of them from too =.

great an Humidity, others from an irre- |
cruitable Diminution of the Animal Spirits.

This, L think, isa fair and candid Warning
of the Doéfor’s, whom I should now
take Leave of, to introduce another late
Discovery, equally extraordinary, inthe

N° 45. The CBN SOR. oF

Vegetable World; but I find . my ‘Time
and Paper oblige me to defer it. And.
have just Room to acquaint the
W orld, That this Phyfi iciam has taken a_
large House with convenient. Accommodations
for his Patients, which he desi igns
ro entitle (for a House without a Motto
is not worthe Farthing ;) The Lnfurance-’
Office tor the Smail- Pox.

N° 45. Saturday, February 2.

—Procul 4 nottris rebus, /emotague longe.
Lucre..

Tree INCURIOUS.

HIS isa Species of Mortals com-.
mon enough among us, andkwhich
differ as much trom each other as\they
do from the rest of Mankind, and yet
are not very well diftinguith’d by those
Writers who have made it their BuGnéfs
to draw Charafters. The farft thar
I shall mention is the totally Incurious, a
fupine indolent Animal, that looks upon
the World as if he were no Part ot

96 The Censor. N’4s.
it himself, obliged to no Duties of foci--
al Life, and pafics through it,like anegligent
Traveller, without being able
to give you an Account of any one Particular
he has obferv’d:in his Journey.
If you endeavour to put him in Mind.
of any past Action, he shews by his Silence
that he has forgot it: If you mention
any thing new, his Unconcerned-
ness seems to declafe that it does notre- |
late to him; and laflly, if you speak of
future Probabilities, he either wholly
difregards, or laughs at your Conjectures:
Narratives of all kinds of Faéts or Accidents,
have the fame Influence upon his
Mind; the News of a dead Relation,
and the Quarrel of a Couple of Porters,
is receiv'd with the fame Equality of
Temper, and stupid Calmnefs of Patiion.
_°Tis nothingto him who riies, or who
falls; whom Indigence pinches, or whom
Prosperity fattens; who 1s miserable for
Honesty, or who 1s great. by Villany.
All the Scenes of other Men’s Lives
skim before his Eyes like so many glid-.
ang Shadows; which if he could lay
hold on he would not, and hardly condefcends
to give them a Look as they
are pafling, even for his own Amulement.

Such

N° 45. The CENSOR. 97.

Such is the Internal Frame of his |
Mind, and his External Actions are:a-
greeable to it, equally indifferent to a-—
ny thing that offers, and done without -
any End or Design. It is the fame thing
to him whether he gocs to aPlay, ora
Funeral, to a Ball, or a Puppet-Show,
to a Church, or a Tavern. He is indeed ©
generally averse to publick Spethacles of
all kinds; and in some Fits of Indolence |
would not stir from his Chair to behold
the Entry of an Embaffador, tho’
he could see it with no more Pains
than going to the Window. Whatever
happens to be a Favourite to other
People, is sure to. be his Aversion. The
Ladies Lap-Dogs, Parrots, and Monkeys,
the Men’s fine /lorfes,. Furniture, and
Equipage,. are Sights, that if it were
possible.to get the Better of his unconquerable
Inclination to Ease, would
give him the Spleen: If his. Footmanask
him in a Morning what Cloaths he'll |
wear that Day? His Reply is, What
you will, Fobn;, and thus goes out dress'd
according to his Man’s Humour, and
not his own: And so, as it happens, is
{ometimes affronted for appearing in Black
on a Rejoycing Day, or laugh’d at forbeing
Gay at a Time of Humiliation. He
F so mever

matur’d

98 The Censor. N° 4s.
never knows where he is to dine, or
how he shall spend the Day; and chops
upon Company, without any Consideration
of their Quality or Humour;
where he fits with the fame compos’d
Serenity, in the midst of the gayeft Wir,
or the heaviest Dullnefs; and rises when
the Company rife, never making any
Exception either to them or the Reckonan
in the World, when he meets

with a Sett of Silent Smeakers, and if e-

ver he {peaks much, it is in the Praise

+ of Tobacco.

And yet this JNCURIOUS has

often accidental Hours of Uneafinefs,

as he cannot help hearing Noite,
when ‘tis impossible to avoid it; or
the Tedioufnefs of a goodpulling

him by the Sleeve for his Attention,

and drawing him from his belov’d
Tranquility. A Wornan, who has the

Natural Loquacity of her Sex, may ruffle

the Smoothnefs of his Temper, with

Abundance of good impertinent Sense:

Tho’ without being able to raise it to

that Height which produces Paflion in

Men of other Compleéions. Fearful |

of these common Civilities, which
rife

He thinks himself the happiest

tory-teller, who ‘is continually

Noas. The Censor.
rife from the Intercourse of Mankind one —
with the other, he fhuns the Stage of —
Business, the Notices of Eyes that may
claim a troublefom Acquaintance, and —
often hides himself in an unthinking Solitude.
This kind of independant un- |
social Animal is the totally
You will find, upon a ftri& Survey, —
that there are Characters in the World
subordinate to this, who have as much
Aversion to some Particulars, as this
Man has to the general Negotiations of
Life. The very Name of Learning frightens
some Persons out of Company; and
others turn a deaf Ear to all News, and
Politicks. And yet these very Persons
shall be as unequally curious in other |
things, of which they are as little Judges. ~-
Some are ever getting ‘Money, and neg- —
le&ting their Dre/s; others always critical
in their Dre/s, and running into
ebt: So that there is not in all the Mixtures,
you will meet with in-Conversation,
one Man inwhom you will not find
something of the Jucurious. The flovenly
Learned, the odd-dress'd Beauty,
the witty Stock-jobber, and the Greek
~ States-man aré Charaéters which might
deserve here a particular Consideration :

his Fellow-

Ico CENSOR 45.
But I wave These, with ntany Others,
to make some Refleétions upon the first

». Class of indolent Persons, whom FP so

Jargely defcrib’d at the Beginning of

this Paper.

If we view the totally Incurious ina
sruc Light, as he answers no Offices of
Life, nor the End of his Existence, he

ought to be geckon’d as an insignificant
Cypher, without any Relatign to a preceding

Number. He eats, drinks, and

sleeps indeed, as the rest-of his Species:
do; but heneither eats to give Strength |

to his Conititution to defend his Countrys

nor drinks for the Improvement, or

Diversion of his Friend; norrecruits his
Spirits by Sleep: to rife for the Benefit
or any one besides himself; therefore
ought to be ~~ upon in-the Eyes of

Creaturesas a moving Machine,
or a walking Vegetable. Wt is a reasonable

Excuse for great Parts and ‘Talents hid —

in Obscurity, that there are Impediments
in their Way which obftruét their
being exerted to Advantage, since. tho’

they. cannot ihine in a great Sphere,they

have Influence in alittle one; but for

of the fame Figure by Nature,

the fame Dignity by Reason, to appear
as if he did net belong to us, and stand

N° 43. The GENSOR. tor

as a Supernumerary in the Creation, is —
the highest Affront both to God and to.
Man. Constitution and Accidentfome-~ -
times make Foo/s and /deots, but he that
has neither to blame, and is of as little
Consequence as the one or the other, 1s.
both that Fool and /deot without provo-
king our Pity, or our Laughrer. I with
this Admonition may awaken that fle eepy
Part of Mankind, who.live like Epicze
rus Gods, with a Carelefsnefs of al}
that is abour, above, or beneath them

and give them a Senie that they owe >
much to their Being as Men, something:

as Relatives to particular Parcels ot. .
Mankind, and much more to the general
Good of their Country, which daft
shews too great a Tenderness in suffering
them to slumber on in a-base Inactivity
of Body and Spirit : If any thing
could ftartle this fort of Cattle, I should
propoie something lelsthan a Law which
was once in Agitation among a Mighty
ind Virtuous. People, that, As Every —
Peron, who is useful in a Combmson-wealth,

is paid either by a publick Salary, or bis
cwn Diligence for the Discharge of bis Duty
the Soldier for his Watchfulnefs, the
Civil Officer for bis Attendance, the
renfers of Humane Divine Leuk fox
theiv

N° 46, Tue/day, February 5.

ror The Censor. N’ 46.
their U/efulne/s in their Callings; {0 every

Lazy, Incurious Person fbould be sin'd

sn .Proportion to thole unempley'd Hours,

which the rest of their Countrymen: make

U/e of to support the Dignity of their Religion,
the Observance their Laws, ihe
Preservation of their Country. | |

N.B. The Letter concerning forced
and unequal Marriages is receiv’d, andthe
Censor promises an E//ay on that Subject

very soon.

Tres mili Comviva prope dijentire videntur,
Pofcentes multum diver{a palate ;

Quis dem? nom dem? renuis Tu, quod jubet Alters.
petis, id sane eff imifum qcidumque Dwovus.

F all the Difficulties, under which
Authors must certainly labour,

there is no One so as the Impofiibility

of pleasing all Taites: Innumerable |
Objections arise from the Subject, Me- |
thod, or Stile; besides the too common
Cause for Dislike, either a private Prejudice
to the Writer, ora areere Diftate
to his Undertaking: Nature likewise
sometimes works to the Detriment
of an Author, by an uncertain Fluctuation

The Censor. 63
tion of Humour which influences his
Reader to disapprove That, which would
infallibly give him Satisfaction at another
Time. | |
Tho! I have no Occasion, for my
own Part, to complain of the Indulence
of the Publick,.I can but take.
Notice that those contraéed Essays, like
Mine, which can také in but one Subje€t
ac atime, are the most liable to this
Disadvantage: There may run thro’ ‘em
a Vein of Humour; Spirit, and Learning, —
yet these necessary Qualifications
united fail of pleasing, from a particular
Caprice or Expectation of meeting
with That, which possibly requires a
Turn of Thought peculiar to some Circumstances
of the Person who requires
it. I could exemplity this Matter by a
Croud of Instances, which would affront.
those who love to owe them to
their own Penetration; but shall fubjoin
afew in Compliment to such as want this
Vehicle to affitttheir Intelligence. Amarillis,
whose ‘Thoughts and Inclinations
run on pariing Streams, cool Grotto’s, and
can never relish my Lucubrations,
except I step out of rhe Road
of publick Life, to accompany her into
her admur'd Recefes, and the Romantick
Deicription

10% The Cexsor. N° 46,

Description of a Sylvan Scene. Flavia,
whole whole Time is employ’d in one —
continued Circle of Visits and Foppery,
is impatient tor me to handle the Diverfions

of the Mall, the Ring and the

Drawing-room; is in Raptures at the
mentioning of Silver Lamps, Hax-lights,
and Mattadors; and is more concern’d

at the Dilappointment of an 4/emb/s,

than if her most intimate Friend were _
taken ill ef a Fever, Chloris, who isa
Prude, is only. fond of Scandal, the blowing
up of Gallantries, and the Secrets of
the Floop-Petticoat While Afirtilia,whose

Sentiments are more resin'd and tender,

Sagem with Pleasure o’er a Lover’s
Sighs, and sinks into an agreeable Sy

pathy of .Chagrin spon reading the D:-
fireffes of an enamour’d Swain. \ have the
fame Variety of Taste among the Male
Part of my Readers, whose Sentiments.
and Passions are so abftracted as to relish

nothing bur what strikes in with them.

Lucius,who is of a Rakeifh and Ratthing
Disposition, dives into my Papers for
cuanton Images and double Exntendre’s and
jupplies his Conversation with the Dilcovery
of the Fountain which could reflore
lott Virginity. The fedate Varro,
who cannot so well bear a Mixture of

light

N°45. The Censor. : 105.

light Humour, is pleas’d when my Differtations
are Grave and Moral, and tend
either to the Promotion of Virtue or
Difcountenance of Vice. Clodius, whoic
Views ard all to the Tragedy he ts at
this Time attempting, .is peculiarly fol-.
licitous for Essays in Critic, and the E-
ftablifhment of Rules which he may
conftrue to the Advantage of his own
Performance. Metellus, whose Head is
turn’d neither for Libertinifm, Morality,
nor Critic, but wholly engag’d in Poltticks,
skims over my Paper with a superficial
Eagernefs, to find if it be diverfi- |
fy’d with Charch, State, Liberty, Patriet,

or Treason.

[ have nothing to obje& to these abftraéted

Readers, whom but one particular

Subject can divert,in Comparison to

those others whom no Variety can oblige,

nor no single Topick engage with Satisfaction...
This general Dislike is not
owing to a Vice of Taite, or Judgment,
but a Depravity of Nature, which can
be pleas’d with nothing in Another,and
a Partiality ‘of Conceit which is indulgent
only to its self. Monsieur Brauyere
has with much Juitnefs defcrib’d this
Species of Malecontents., “ Men, /ays
© Je, haye much ado tO like one ano-

ther:

106 The Censor.
ther; have but a weak Inclination to
reciprocally of the Actions,
Conduct, Thoughts, and Expressions
of others; nothing pleases, nothing
contents ;they substitute in the place of
“€ what others either recite, {peak or
“¢ write, what they should have done in
“© such a Conjunéure,what they think or
have written on such Subjeét; and are
© so full of their own Idea’s, that
© have no Room for Another's
It would be very happy for us, whose
Business it is to beget an Underitanding,
af wecould fix a Za/fe upon our Readers,
as Physicians can procure a Stomach, or,
at least, that we could bring them to
a propes Digefiion : But weareallata lois,
what Provision to make; and then
to dispose the Banquet provi-
I have heard of a Gentleman, who, inviting
a large Company, furnish'd out
his Table with all the Rarities in Sea- -
son; and, least the Nicety of his Guests
should not be able to satisfy it self from
the Variety of his Provision, had an O-
glieo compos’d’ of every Dish of Meat
which found a place at his Board :' Authors,
tis to be consider'd, have notthe -
fame Fund, nor the fame Liberty for

their

N46. The CENSOR. IC9

their Entertainments: Some Subjects are’
not in their Power to cook up, and o-
thers too laboriousand expensive to think |
oft. A prudent Writer must then con-—
fulc the Strength of his Genizs, as a prudent
House-keeper should the Strength
of his Pur/e and Jucome; and, where he_
is diftru(ttul of pleasing every Palate,
contrive how to satisfy the greater Part of
his Guests, or those whose Taltes and
Stomachs are the least debauch’d. A
candid Reader, on the contrary, where
every Subject is not season'd to his
etite, may hand down the Dish to a-
nother that calls for. it, and reserve his
Stomaeh for something he likes better.

i have had it in my Thoughts more
than once, in Compliance to the Squeame
ifhnefs of the Age, to divide my Dilfertations
under the Three Heads. of
Batcher’s-Meat, Wild Fowl, and Phipt-
Cream. The first Class should have
compriz’d those Subjeé&ts of Solidity,
which are too gro/s and /ubfantial for
the Delicate(e ot Beaus, or Depravity of
Libertines. | an afraid Morality as well
as Religion, must have been rang’d under
this Part of the Entertainment, as
too bard of Digefion either for their weak
or sickly Stomachs. The
haye

108 The Censor. N°’ 46.
have taken in every Extravagance either
of Character or Invention; the Flights
of Virtuofo’s, and Differtations on. the
Longitude, would have put in their Claim
under this Head. And the Whipt-Cream
should have comprehended all Letters

and Topicks of that light Nature, as

should only tickle the Palate, without |

contributing to Suftenance or Nourithment:

Quotations from Modern Poetry

would have furnish'd out no {mall Part
of this Desert. |

By this Method my Readers would
have had their Bi/] of Fare at a single
View, and known beforehand whether
the Diet were suitable to
But I consider'd it would have been a
Means of encouraging Luxury, and forcing
several on the Refusal of my Provision,
by a Distrust of their Stomachs,
or Mistake. of their Constitutions. There
was this Danger likéwife in the Projed,
of making them angry, if ever, like

Montaiene, 1 had taken the Liberty of °

prefixing a Title to my Essays,and made
every Sentence foreign to the Theme

propos’d.

Thurfaay,

N°47.. The CensOr. 109

N°.47. Thursday, February

Sed Tamen——— Horace.

Have chosen twoas mischievous Words

to discourse upon as ever were put
together; either of them being fufhicient
to destroy the honefteft Man in the.
World, blemith the most spotless Character,
and bring a Charge ot Here/yupon
a ftanch Believer, ora whole Family
of Children upon an innocent Virgin. At
ter any Relation in Favour of the 46-
sent, let a single But be started, and fairly
let loose among the Company, ood
Humour immediately languifhes,
dal takes Place, Mirth turnsinto Spleen,
and a Train of Buts make the whole
Company stare upon one another with
Fear and’ Wonder. What was before
fpritely Conversation, and an agreeable.
Entertainment for Men of Reason, is then -
dwindled into such infipid ill Sentences,
as only serve to link one Piece of Defar
mation to another, and c mpleat the
Chain’ of which the firs. but began. It

as, Ay! [ay you so

110 The CENSOR. N: 47.

is'then that People hear such id'e Stuff, |

i; ?/why truly Ned. Tattle
was /aying as much the other Night -at
th ROSE; the next Wi/eacre replies
be could not have blicv'd it, BUT my
Lord Vainlove confirmed it to bim; and
then a Third strikes kindly im with an
FLOW EVER a Manwho could be guilty
of fach a thing,(which isanew Calumny)
might do so and so.

Now is not this an elegant Discourse
for a parcel of fife Gentlemen, all introduced
by that malignant Particle But?
How ridiculous does this Conversation
look in Print, which isattended to with
the deepest Attention, im half the Cluéds
and Societies that meetevery Day in the
Week? Or how comes it to pais, thar
we have Sense enough to abhor such barbarous

Incivilities when alone, and Fol/y
enough to fuck them in with Greedineis .

in Company? Is our Candor and good
Breeding only Local, and do we leave
them at Home every time we B° Abroad,
as an unfathionable Wear in Conversation?
Or is But as infectious asthe Plague,
and as soon conveyed from one Mouth ©
to another, to,the Corruption of our
Speech and our Honour? For my part,
can’t had why an thouid

N° 47 The Censor.

constantly follow a But, as one Horse
does another in a Team: neither do [
see any Reason, why thatimpudent Particle

should always get the Start of its.

impertinent Attendant, and be the Leader

in all wicked Scandal, It puts me inmind

of that whimsical Thought inShake-
(pear, where Ca/fius is making-a Comparison
between the Names ot Cz/ar and
Brutus; weigh them, However is ag
weightyas But; print them, it isasfoul ;
conjure With them, and one will raixe the

Devil as surely as the other. 1 forbear being

too critical in this Cafe, referving to
the latter End of my Paper, the Regulation
of these Words, and must now consider

their terrible Impertinencein Conversation.

The Ladies must pardon mey if I take
the But’s out ot their Mouths, to shew

them with what ridiculous Frequency é

they apply them. if some Women were
restrained from the Use of them for that

space of Time, they would be meer

Mutes fora Month together. _The Assemblies

of the Belles, and the Visiting.

Days engrofs whole Strings of them ; and
those Buts that have not the Liberty of

flying about among the whole Company, -

are conveyed in a Whilper from Ear to

«=The Censor, N 47.

Ear, which is plainly seen in the malicious
pleasing Sneer, that hangs upon
the Face of the pretty Liffeners. There
the charming Lady Modi/b, whoisthe
greatest Admirer of this exceptive Particle,
has as certainly a But ready to clap
in upon every Story of Prai/e, as Ra/lpho
in Hudibra/s had a why for a wherefore.
Confant was commending the
Shape of Belinda the other Day, Ay!
that is true, replies Madam, BUT that
will soon be {poil’d, for between Friends,
Lord Edfy is'very well with Her;
HOWEVER this Spring will di/cover
all, and open that Affair.
happens sometimes with your
figious Females that BUT is forced to
keep bekind for a fanctifying Preface to
introduce. it, and make the Scandal more
weighty and impressive. As thus I lately
overheard agrave Matron preingaging
ttention—— “* A Body must have very
¢ jittle Sense to believe every Story that
3s told, and so, for my part, I always
/ stand upon my Guard in Cates of that
kind, and abhor theidle Prattle of the

Town:——Buwt this I can afiure you,
the Person you {poke of has had two
Children*by Sir William Dolt. Thisis.
much the fame Management as Horace

N°47. The Censor. 153
complains was hate use of in his time:
“¢ Such a one and I have been intimate
‘© from our Childhood, and he is really
a worthy honest Gentleman; Bar I
wonder how he got off that ugly Bu-,
finels ;——— You know my Meaning.”’
Thele But-Men, the Satyriit tells us, are
the most dangerous of all Animals, the
very Pest of Conversation, and ought to
be hunted out from the Society of Mankind,
or avoided, as a Man would Ruin
or Death. These Creatures dress out a
tuir Charaéter only for the malicious Pleasure
of pulling it to pieces again, and convey
their Poiion immediately afteraCor-

The Regulation of Manners I take to
be a considerable Part of my Office, and,
since I have opened this Wound, I am
obliged to apply aproper Remedy. Give
me leave then to lay down a few Rules,
which, if well observed, will quickly
put an End to this vicious Practice, that
tends so much to the Corruption of our
own Morals, jand the Abuse of our
Neighbour.
Whenever a Defamatory But is mention’d,
by a Gentleman to a Lady, the is
to turn her Head aside, frown, Wks her
Lipsy.

stg Tbe Censor. N° 47. |

Lips, tear her Fan, and ruftle out of the
Room in the middle of the Story...

Ifa But and an However come together,
it is to be look’duponas a Chain'd-

Shot that does double Execution, and is
therefore to be run away from with the

first Pop; and the Person to be look’d
upon, for ;he future, as a protefs’d Foe

to good Breeding.

W hen a Lady uses these Words to a
nother, the Second is to stop the Tale,
and threaten her, if she proceeds, that

she will send word of it to the Censor.

And here | desire the Sex to take notice,
That.I fha!l have a Spy in Company |
in all their Afemolies; and neither Feit,
nor Affection shall {way me from publishing
ail Accounts transmitted to me

on this Article. 4

A But, when spoken of an absent Man,

is to be resented by any Friend\pr

quaintance of the Person, and 1s a sufficient
Foundation, if not recanted, for
a Challenge.

The full Use and Liberty of both these
Particles is to be allow’d to all Writers
of News, as being the only Method of
restraining them from telling positive
Lyes, which they are too apt to do, norwithftanding
this All Cour-

The Censor. 115
tiers likewise ought to be connived atin
this Praétice, as being absolutely necef-

—. fary Helps in their Promises, as well as

in the Variety of Relations which
pertinent Friends commonly extort from
them.
And, in the last Place, I desire every
Body to set a Mark of Diftinéction on this

Set of People, and call them, by Virtue

of my Authority, But-Men.

N° 48. Saturday, February 9.

Philofophs {ciunt abfque pecunia wivere non posse:
ltaque petunt eos, qus quod opus est dare
poffunt. Quod fi divites equé intelligerent fe
egere Sapientia, multd magis tererent Philofophorum
Limina. Mifertor enim est Egeftas
Animi guam Corporis, atgue hic miferius e-.
gent [unt Drvites, non intelligant, guam
pretiosa, guamgue Neceffaria, Re careant.
Erafn.

Last Night receiv’d Two Packets
from several Hands, whose Contents
I judg’d worthy of the Publick Regard,
and therefore I shall give them a Place
inthis Paper, with my Remarks fubjoin’d,

116 ©The ENSor. N 48.

as my Cortcfpondents have defir’d me.
The first is trom a very prudent Female,
whose Care tor her-Children has interested

her in an Affair which ought to
concern all who either are, or way be

Fathers.
To the CE NSOR.
Vorthy ‘Sir,

cp Ate and my Birth plac’d me ina
Middle Siation of Lite; the

—& Thrift and good Fortune of a Huf-

*© band have rais’d me above that Qua-
“© lity. His Wealth and Kindness both
contribure to make me happy; but
n Want of Letters, and his
of them in the Education of
© his Children, have drawn fomefecret |
T ears from my Eyes. Your Papers

© are always produc’d to us with the

© Tea Table in a Morning; pray, take
this Subje& into your ‘Consideration :

*¢ Let him know from you, that there
“¢. are other Improvements he owes to
his Sons, besides teaching them to be-
have well in Company; or training
“¢ them up to the Knowledge of gentile

Expences. From such a Lesson, you;
will

The Censor. 117

will have the Prayers oNmany indul-
pent Mothers, and particularly of

Your Admirer,

Miranvda Love-wir.

I doubt not bur this Lady has often
expoftulated the Cafe with her indolent
Spouse, and made the Education of her
Children the Subject of those Leétures,
which ‘more unprofitable Wives make
on the Want of a Silk Manteau for their
Eldefi Daughter, ora Sword and long Vig
for the Heir ot the Family. 1 could wish
my Country were supplied with a Number

of such wife She-Monitors, and.
thouki then hope to see a Potterity inthe.

Land truely deserving to inherit.
Acquisitions of Anowledge are much
more .eftimable than those of Fortune ;

Riches indeed are generally the Keys

which open the Door of Temporal Advantages,
and set wide the Avenues to
Respect and Preferment: But with how
much more Grandeur do Men of Parts
fill up the Offices of Dignity, withthow
much. more Veneration are they gaz’d
at, than those empty Figures who owe
their Rife to the Spaciou/ne/s ot their
Mcves; and have no other Merit to recome

18 The Censor. 48.
commend them to the World, than the
Treasures which their Ancestors have
amafied to make them considerable! I
always view these gay Things as Rattles
inthe Hand of Fortune, which she throws

by with Contempt whenever she grows
fond of a better Play-thing. Without

the Addition of Litterature and Intelle- _

&ual Improvements, we are like the Fellows,
whom Horace {peaks of, who seem

born only to consume the Fruits of the Earth.

Can we think we are fcituated in a plentiful
Universe; endow’d with Under-
standing and Rational Faculties, and that
the Creator meant these Powers of the
Soul only torefine on Sense, and abett the
fordid Viewsof Appetite? Are we bless'd
with Ease of Circumstance to provide
alone for our Pleasures, and are Capacities
ane us along with this Affluence only to
urnifh us more compleatly for Folly?

have look’d with Pleasure on the noble
and beneficial Discoveries, that have been

made by Persons who have added the

Reputation of Letters to the Luftre of an
ample Fortune; and have mourn’d the Advantages
which have been loft to my
Country, by Estates /ying dead in the
Poffeflion of Blockbeads.

N° 42. Zhe CENSOR.
The little Artifices of Flattery, and °
that Adoration which Self-Interest has
made us pay to the /ac’d Coat, and gilt
Chariot, work us up to an Emulation ra- |
ther of growing great, than greatly useful.
The cold Keception which a poor
Scholar meets with, and the Contempt
which patient Merit the Unwerthy
takes, as Shake/pear finely observes, has
made Learning an Objet of out Fears.
Apprchenfion sets Poverty in our way as
a fwafive to this Embellifhment; and
we guard against Improvements inKnowledge,
as if they were the Forerunners of
Want and growing despicable. This -
Deference which has still been paid to
Circumstances, puts me in Mind of Diogenes’s
Reply to thé Pert Fellow that -
ask’'d him, why the Philosophers visited
the Rich, and that the Rich seldom or never
visited the Philofopbers; ’Tis because,
said He, ‘the Phiofophers know what they
want, but rich People do not knew it,
It they did, to use a Sentence which I
have prefix’d to my Paper, they would
be much more affiduous to- make their
Court to Philosophers.
The Recommendatidns to Pofterity,
as well as to our Contemporaries thar
have true Notions, which Learning = :

wo The CeNsor. N° 48.
the Cultivation of the Mind give us, Na-

turally lead me to take a View of my
other Correfpordent’s Sentiments.

Toth Censornof GREAT BRITAIN.

Venerable S 1 R,

Aking a Survey ofthe
BR © in Wefiminfer-Abby, (with:
Concern I speak it;) they were so
© clouded with Dust, and befparter’d
with Dirt. thatfeveral of the
tions are scarce legible: These Afonuments
were ercéted to perpetuate the
Memory of cclebrated Men, who
have fignaliz’d themselves by Learn-
“© ing, or Heroick Actions. And ’tis
great Pity any one should deface the
Charaéters of such to whom this Na-
“© tion still stands indebted, either for
waluable Books, or eminent Services.
‘© Who can forbear exhibiting a Com-.
“¢ plaint to you, when he fees those Registers
of Exifience abus’d, or lye bu-
ried under Duit and Cobwebs? Those
“¢ just and polite Encomium’s, engrav'd
“© on the Marbies, are very proper Mo-
“© tives to incite us to tread those Steps
which

& which have gain’d them such Immortal
Honour. Iam

Your very bumble Servant,

James REDIVIVUS.

entirely agree with this ingenious
Person, that such Monuments arc strong

and proper Incentives to Virtue; and

could with that they were oftner Rewards
of the Common-wealth, than ereét-
ed either thro’ the Ambition or Tenderne/s

of a surviving Relation. ’Tis Pity,

those who tend our consecrated Domes

should not have a‘Salary for keeping the
—Inscriptions clean and legible; which
wiltuily to deface, or abuie, is Degree
of Sacriledge. The Emulation of coe
pying great and virtuous Actions is not
the only Price of these Marble or Brazen
Records: They-are Manu/cripts which

the Impertinence of no busy Hand caninterpolate:

and which give the Sanétion

of Authority, unquettionable, to the

Truth of what they contain.

know we have ow’d many Points
in Fifory, and the Dates of Occurrences

to these laiting and unerring Pages; they

are like Meda/s which retrieve memorable

Actions from Oblivion, arid Carry us back

G | to

The Cr NSOR.. N° 48,
to the Knowledge of Times and Circumstances.
Thote Chromological Marbles,
— which we still boast at Oxford, and the .
Reitoration of whose Flaws have employ’d
such able Pens, the
Periods of Persons and Ages, Which nevercould
have been fix’d, trom the Confusion
and Contradiétions so common in
a Variety of Authors. We should look

then on these Monuments like Abftraés
of History, refer to them for determining
the Fates of Families, and sometimes

of Kingdoms; and cherish them
as our Courts do those aged Evidences,
who can speak faithfully to Custom within
their own Knowledge, which. has.
been loft to Memory and Praétice, and
is alone recoverable by the Behefit of

their Years.

N° 45. Tuesday, February ir.

Ovece Tey

S my last Paper was partly compos'd
of two Letters, I should have de- .

clin’d inserting One in This, had I not

The CENSOR. 323

received it by apleafant Miltake. When
Il came home to my Lodgings, I found
ironthe Table,directed tothe Ce Nsor,
in a Hand which knew; and, breaking
it open, tound the Subitanceof It as
foliows.: |

Madam, |
Y ill Fortune at Ombre cannot give
« Me the ten Thoutandth part of
that: Uneafineis,. which your lovely
“© Image, impreis’d on my Soul, has done
ever since. Think Me under the
‘¢ Languifhment of a hopeless Lover,’
who wishes, yet dreads afecond In-
terview ; and unlels your Pity rescues
me from Despair, you will soon hear
thar your Unkindne(s has becn ‘the

Your Passionate Admirer,
Cuarves HEEDLESS.

1 had this Epiftle on Sunday Night,
and was visited by Charles Yesterday
Morning about Ten; wha’was appriz’d
of his Error, by having receiv’d back
from his Mistress a Letter, which he
had direéted to ber, but wrote to Me:
Compliments over, and the Gentleman

24 TheCrnsor. N° 4p.
settled in a Chair; Old Friend, (says he)
1 had been with Thee two Hours sooner, but
for unluckily miflaking the Name of your
Street, and giving my Coachman a false Direélion.
find my dnadverteace bas laid .
me open to your Cen/jure, by‘sending that
Billet to you, which foould have begun my
Addresses to my Mifire/s: However, Lexpet
a Return of that (ame Letter, which I
must tanfcribe for Celia, with an Apology
for the Blunder Ihave made.

1 comply’d in the giving him back .
his Note, which he accepted from me
with much Complaifance. Charles is as
perfect an ab/ent Man, asthe most {train’d

Defcriptioncan represent him: We had —

a great deal of Talk on indifferent things;
and I obferv’d him with much Indolencc

twirling about the Letter on the Table,

all the while we difcours’d. When he
had pretty well spun out the Thread of
his Argument, he started uf, clap’dmy .
Sand-box in his Pocket instead of his Suuffbox,

and was marching’ off with my
Poker, which he had miitook for his

Cane. Thete Errors reétified, and our
Laugh over on both Sides, he preyented
7 emony, by shutting me into my
Chamber: As I was returning to my Seat,

I thought Iheard him going up Stairs;

and, opening my Door, perceiv’d him
coming down again; for he had mounted
to the Garret,.and concluded he was
making his-Way towards the Sércet-

Door. |
This Species of Mortals, who have very
little or no Share of Recolleétion, are.
as nunerousin the Worldas those whom
Lcall’d the /acurious and have, perhaps,
as much Variety, and as many Degrees —
and Symptoms of ‘Their
Indifcretion, as it exposes themielives to
Ridicule, so it does thgir Friends to.
frequent Involuntary Michiets have
seen Some of so total a Negligence or —
Forgetfulnels, that they were like the
Lady in Bruyere, who look'’d all about the
Room for ber Mask, she bad it upon
her Face at the jametime. have known
Orhers who have seem'd very fedate and
deliberate, yet in thé: Depth of their.
Gravity have thought on nothing: And
there is a Third Sort, some of whonr
almost every Man has in his Acquintance,
who, to outward Appearance, act with
a Juitnels of Behaviour and Decorum ;
yet have not Collection. enough to
urtue those Affairs which should be
more immeurately their Concern, or te
think of the Promiles and Appointments
G3 which

26 The Censor. N 49.

which they make with the fricte it Solemnity.

There is another Defe& most common
in Conversation, and which mutt certainly
be interpreted a fort of Ab/ence,
which is, that a Man of much Di {courte
and Fluency of Expreftion thall stop short
of a sudden, and not in the least remember
what he was tal king ot. I have
heard:of one, who was {so far gone in
this Infirmity of Forgetfulnefs, that he
could not for his Soul recolleé his own

Name: He'goes toa Coffec-house,.and

asks at the Bar for his Letters; the Roy

enquires to-whom they should be direé-

od, he stands confounded at the Question,
runs homeward to inform himself; meets
aFriend who falutes him’ by his Name,

rever flays.to return his Friend an An-
(wer, but posts back to the Coffee-houle,
tells his Name, and demands his Letters

Lett a Character of this kind fhowld
seem too extravagant for my Reader’s
Belief, I will fubjo: inthe humourous Dejcription
which Aruyere has given of the
Absent Man; and since part of it has
found a Place in the. Lacubrations of my
Predecessor, the Spectator, I will

insert only that part which he has left

Menalcas, says the witty Frenchman, if
he walks into the Street, tecls something
{trike him on the Face-or Stomach,
can’t imagine what ’tis, ull looking
about him, he {ces himlelf by a Cartwheel,
or under a Joiner’s Pent-house
with the Coffins about his Ears. He
was oncé feento run againfta blind Man,
puth him backwards, and tumble over’
him. It he goes into theCity,before he has
gone far, he believes himself out of his
Way; stands still, and asks such as pats
by, where he is, whe name to him the
very Street he lives i in; hebolts into his
own House, and runs out in haste, fancying
himself mistaken. He marries in
the Morning, forgets it at Night, and”
lies abroad; some Yearsafter, his Wife
dies in his Arms, he aflitts at her Fune- |
ral; and the next Day, when his Servants
acquaint him Dinne;x is on the Table,
he asks whether his Wife be ready,
and they have given her Notice of it?
He goes to Church, takes out of his
Pocket a Prayer-book, as hethinks, but»
luggs out a Slipper instead of it; and if
the Parfon chances to {neeze, he cries
out aloud, God bless you. He writes a
Letter at Night, and after he has made
it up and {eal dit, puts out theCandle;

is furpriz’d,to find himself in the Dark,
and can hardly remember how it hapend.

He meetsaPerfon at Court, cries,
You are the Man I Jook'd for, hauls him
along with him thro’ several Apartments,
then looks more ftrictiy on the Man he
drew after him, wonders how it should

has noching to say to him, Jets him

go, and turns another way. W hen he
is in Company, he begins aSrory which |
he forgets to end; laughs to himielf at
something he was thinking of, and makes ©

Answer, to his own Thoughts; sings

thro’ his Teeth, whiflles, rolls up and

down in his Chair, gapes, and believes

he’ alone. He forgets to drink at Dinner;
orif heremembersit, thinks there’s

too much Wine fill’d for him; flings

half on’t in the Man’s Face who fits next
to him, drinks the rest with a great deal
of Composure, and cain’t cotmprehend
why People should laugh at him for

throwing to the Ground the ‘Wine he
was not willing to drink. He is in Palwith
his: Dometticks for being out
of the way, when he himself has dilpatch’d

them on Errands. He talks of
Statutes of Bankrupt, in a Family that
has had tHe Misfortune to break ; of

Executions and Scaffolds, before .a Per-

N°49. The CENSOR. 129

son whose Father was beheaded: And

of mean Extraétion, before rich Farmers

who would pass forGentlemen. In thort,.

he neither is present, nor hears what the

Company discourse of, when he himself
is the Subject of their Conversation. He
never is among those whom he appears”

to be with ; culls his Footman, very ic

rioufly, Sir and his Friend, Robin: Says,

Your Reverence, to a Prince of the Blood;
and, Your Highne/s, to a Jesuit. He isin
Company with a Judge, grave by his
Character, and venerable by his Age and
Dignity, whoasks of him, Whether such
a Thing is so? and he replies, Yes,
Madam.

N° 50. Thursday, February 14.

nungquam edepol [ejunium
Tejunum ‘Plaut.

pits who are remarkable for any

particular Qualities in which they
either excel or exceed the rett of their
Icllow-Creatures, have been thought
worthy to be regiftred by Historians,

G 5 and

130 The Censor. N’so.

and. have their Names distinguish'd and
tranimitted to Pofterity. ‘The Bookkeepers
of Fame have prom#fcuoufly
blended the Atchievements of Honour
and Infamy, thegSuperior Endowments
of the Mind, and the extraordinary
Strength of the Body in their Records:
And it is very common in the. Account
of some great Men, to find in a particu-
Jar Year, that a Pigmy of Two Foot, or
a Giant of Figot, weve produc’d to the
Wonder of the Age. |
_ + Thus those, who remark upon memofable
Aétions, take,as much Pleasure
to dilate upon Milo the Carrier of the.
— Oxe, as on the military Exploits of 4-
dexander the Conqueror of the H’orld: And,
whenthey relate the successful, peaceable,
and learned Ara of Augufus’s Reign, never
forget to immortalize the Cobler who
taught his Parrot to salute him by the
Name of Ca/ar. A very grave Author
seems not a little delighted in his Relation
of the Reign of Lewis the Thirteenth,
in telling us that there then appear’d a.
Prodigy of ber Sex, a Learned Harlot; who
beftow'’d her Favours gratis upon hr
Contemporaries who were Aen of Letters,
and was never so well pleas’d as
when in Bed with Greek and Lasin,

N50. The CENSOR. 131

If the English Reader has a Mind to

see a strange Mixture of Incidents of
this Nature, he may be fully satisfied by
consulting that indefatigable Collector,
our Countryman, Sir Richard Baker ; who,
with an impartial Regard, as far as it
Jay in his painful Powers, has given Immortality
to Princes and Tallow-Chandlers,
Heroes and Citizens Wives, Children that

cry’d before they were born, and Aen:

that laugh’d All their Life-time ; Fools

that prophefied in their Cradles, and O/@&

Men that did Penance for getting Children
at One Hundred ind Twenty. af
In this curidus P* server of Antiquities,
of great and littic, Confeguence, was
i reading the other Eveding, when I
happen’d upon the Story of the preat
Wood of voracious Memory. The ttrange
and unaccountable Relation of which
put me upon applying my felt. to a De-
' {gendant, by a Collateral Branch, of the
famous Mr. AZ |
Forty Years since, in Order-to gather

?, who dy’d about,

up what Fragments | could from so great.

an Eaters; and give the present Age a
Taste of his Remains. My Fricad told
me very frankly, that his Appetite was

extraordinary from his firlt Entrance °

into Life, and that in his first Year he
J not

432 The Ce N S O'R.
wot only fuck’d his Mother,. but half a
Dozen Nurses more, dry; when, if for

no other Reason, they thought it high >
Time to wean him. What was ver

remarkable, is, that none of the other
Children, of which he-was the youngest,
had.any Taint ot his Voracity: The prudent
Mother togk care that this young

Benjamin had ten Times as much as the

reftof his Brethren at his ordinary Meals:
And yet it was obferv’d that for all that,
he practis'd the Rule laid down by Physicians
as neceflary for Health, and constantly
rose from Table with an Appetite. -
As he increas’d in Years, so did he in>
Strength of Stomach; so that, at Sis-

teen, he was able to master a Zurkey and
@ fat Capon at a Meal; with a proportionable
Quantity of Bread to fill up

Chinks. . Now it was that the good
Parents, having [ettled the Fortunes of

their other Children, began to look with
a Compaflionate Eye on poor Ben, and

to determine to what Profeflion they

should breed this hopeful Son of their

Bowels. A Matter of this Difficulty
Was not proper to be decided, without

confuluing their Friends, Relations, and

Neighbours ; accordingly a Featt being.
provided for that Purpose, and a Brace

The Censor... 133

of Hares extraordinary for Ben, this imortant
Point was to be settled.
After Supper, the Opinions of the
Company were feverally ask’d, and an
honest Farmer, who was to give his firtt,

propos’d making a Show of him, asthe

only Way to get Viétuals sufficient ‘for
the Returns of his Stomach. To this
there were many Qbjcctions; the Boy
himself was afham’d of the Proposal, the
Parents fearful leait the Child should
flarve from the Incuriofity of the Publick:
Besides, that in a short- Time the

Show would grow flale, but the Callsof*
Nature would {till continue the fame; -

and Ben mutt be fed whether Company
came to see him eat, or not.

The next that spoke was reckon’d a

wicked Wagg for those Times, and he,

having told themthat the Clergy liv’d up .

onthe Fat of the Land, advis’d them to
breed him a Par/on; but here equal
Difficulties arose, for.neithtr Boarding-
School Allowance, nor Colledge Commons
were of a Size ‘with his Stomach; and
he was sure to meet with both perpetual
Hunger, and perpetual Laughter
among the Companions of those Societics.
Whythen, says the agg, let him
be one of the Aing’s Beef-Eaters, the

The C EX sor. 50.

very mention of which delightful Dith’
brought Tears of Joy into the Eyes of
young Benjamin; with which his Mo- .
ther fympathiz’d, and the whole Com.
now thought the Matter determin’d:
When the Par/on of the Parish,

who had the good Luck to have been
acquainted with a Squire that had been
at Court, inform’d them of the Mistake .
in the Nature of. thar Preferment, and
told them that their Son would only have
the Meal of a common Man, beside the
stated Salary.

Never was poor Wvetch so dejected
as our fair Feeder was upon this Occafi-
on; he turn’d pale, sigh'd, and trembled ;
and, in the Anguish of his Grief, sus-
—fer’d 4pple-pye to be taken from the
Table, unthought of; untafted. the
midit of this Scene the Par/en arose, and,
telling them he would advise as much.
for the best as if he were his own Son,
said, that altho’ his own Cloth was a
promising Profession for a Supply of
wholfom Nourishment, yet that he mutt
be fore’d ro take his Dues in Kind, and
that tho’ there were much Comfort in
Tythe- Pigs, &c. yet there was a Profession
that had all these Advantages, by
way of Presents, besides Fees into the
Bargain -

N’50 The Censor. 135

Bargain: A Profeflion that garbled E-
states as well as Dinners, and {wallow’d
Lands and Tenements, as well gs Soup
and roast Beef; and, Word,
which, according to the Old Song,

Floufes and Churches
Geese and Turkeys |

and This was the Study of the Law.
These Emphatical Words determin’d the.
Controverty, and Ben apply’d himself to.
Eating and Reading, as heartily as eur
Modern Students do to Wenching and —
Drinking. |
My Friend added, that when Mr.
M—— became aPraitioner, it was his .
usual Custom to compound for a Dinner
instead of a Fee, and that he bit many
ignorant Clients that way ; ‘ten Shillings
being but a poor Ordinary to his Stomach.
He had the geod Fortune, at his first
setting. out in Business, to be made
Steward to several A/annor-Courts, the
Revenue of all which he took out in Venifon:
And-well was it for him he hada:
good Tongue in his Head, otherwise
is Mouth had often oe empty. If, as
in the polite Fable of Menénius Agrippa,
this honest Man’s Zongue had nappen’d

136 The Censor. N’<o,
to have quarrel’d with the rest of his
Members, and sworn it self to two D: ays
Silence, the whole Machine mutt have
dropt, and the poor Wretch inevitably |
ftarv'd: But Nature, which, the Philosophers
say, supplies the Defect of one
Part by an Excellency in some Other,
gave such an cxtraordinary Agility, to
this little Member, that it prov’d amoit
excellent Caterer for its Matter. It was
a fort of a Fack-cajl to his ‘Lyou- Appetite,
which brought himin Breakfa/?s, ‘Dinners,
and Suppers in due Season.
Thus he liv’d, said my Friend, and
without ecting him/elf out of house and home,
left a moderate Competency behind-him.
I have somewhere in my _ Study,
two or three of his Bills of Fare, which
present You with for the Publick’s
Entertainment, hoping you will make
some Reflections on this curious Subject.

Saturday,

N’ 51. The CENSOR. 137

N° st. Saturday, February 16.

Hine Solem Stellas decedentia certis

Tempora Momsentis
——Locupictem Frugibus Annum. |

Horace.

T isa very cbhvious Remark, that
those Blefings which are the mott
common to Mankind are the, least reparded,
— survey'd with a careless
nattention by those who have a Com-.
petency of Cadoctantion to weigh and
consider them well, or gaz'd upon with
an uncditying Stupidity by the Ignorant :
so that between both, the marvellous
W orks of the Creation pass by either unheeded,
or are look’d upon as ordinary
Spectacles, unworthy the Reflection of
a Rational Being. ‘It Man grown u
the full Dignity of his Necaiaeieil ieee
lock up his Senses for atime, and oon
suppose himself in the State of our sir/f
Parent, who beholding a New-born SUN
travelling from the to the Weff, a
beginning, and drminifhin

138 Censor. N’Sr,
MOON, an harmonious Order of Heavenly

Bodies performing their Courses, a
beautiful FIRMAMENT studded with.
fix'd STARS; his Rapture and Aftonifhment
in all Probability would bé so
great, (unless moderated a the Inter- .
vention of a Superior Being) as to de-* -
prive him of thay Reaton, by which he
thould examin this .wondertul Erame,
and adore the Hand that. made It. If
he could still farther continue. this View,
and observe the Cheartulnefs that the
Glories of the SUN spreads over the
Face ef Nature, the Variety of Colours,
the Differences of Reftion, and the
amazing Operations of ome and the /ame
Body, upon the fame Globe of Earth, at
due and distant Sea/ons; what a Maze of
irregular Thought must he, who stands
now as an idle Speérator, be loft in, and
confounded! Any one Instance singled
out from among the-rest of the miraculous
Works of Providence, is Subjeé
enough for. the Contemplation of, the
—wifett of the Sons of Men. And yet so it
is that they pass by the = the Generality
like fleeting Shadows, the Eye
littfe regarding either from whencethey
came, or whither they go.

N’ The C ENSOR,. 139.
The Reason of this, after long Consideration

why it should be so,
think may proceed from two Caules 3

the one, the General Pride and Vanity of
Mankind the other, the and aiand

Appetites.

T o prove the first, we may only observe
in those Persons who are reckon’d
to have the most resin'd Tastes, that
they shall-be taken and struck with the

Works of Art to a degree even of Admi- |

ration and Fondness, which are at best

but poor and imperfect Re-.

prete ntations of Nature;- But the Pride.

is, that they were fade by his Fellow-
Creature Man. How often shall we see
a rational Soul i as it were by the

Fyes, and Admiration upon a
fine Piece of Paint: ng ? With what a

Nicety shall he oblerve the delicate.
Touches, the mafterly Strokes, the beau-_

tiful turn of Posture,. the ten thousand

Graces in a single Picture, which perhaps
the Maffer had no Eye to, or if he
had, they ought no farther to be admired,
than as they are Copies of those O-
riginals which he every ‘Day
or Sel in Common Life.

culpture

140 The Censon.: 5r,
Sculpture and, AvchiteEur ty which are
~ Sciences still nearer to what we ‘behold
in Nature, have the fame Effect upon
different Minds, without any Reference
to the Great Model trom whence they
were drawn, A Statue exquifitely work'd
with all the Harmony and Proportion

of Parts, with its bold Rifings, or its
soft ‘Declinations, thall tr antp. rt a Lover
of Antiquity, who would not extend

a Charity to achalf Naked Begear, who
is the Reality of that which rt but
faintly represents. In the fame Manner
another grows Giddy in looking up to
an arch’d Roof, or a fretted C eiliii2, without
once reflecting that the Structure was
translated from the Boz of the [leaveits,
orthe Knots of Stars in ihe Firmament.
Hence it comes to pals, that we in our

reat Wisdom have given the Aa/ers
in these Arts the Extravagant Appellatives
of Divine, and Eternal;

Titles which our own Vanity firit invented,
and Custom, the fucceflive Heir
to every thing that is Improper, has
continu’d in Use among us.

I have been the longer upon this Intance,
because I thir k I have gone to
the bottom of one Source of our wee

ligence, in to the Works of
Creation,

N’s:. The Censor. 141%
Creation, and shall therefore be much
shorter in the other. |
Part relates to the Tgnorant, and
the vicious Moiety of. Mankind: ‘The
one, unhappy by and Education,
the other by Ungovernable Passions
and Evil Society, are cqually negligent
of those superior common Objeéts which
ought to draw their Attention. But

the Afagnet is below: The Ruflick regarding

the Sea/ons no farther than as
ome fancy’d Prognoficks determine him

in the Culture of his Ground, and the

Voluptuous only as they minister to his
Appetites and Luxury: The one has the

Importunities of Gain, to work him up.

to his Industry; the other, the une
refined Inftinéts of Nature, to folicite
him to his Pleasures; and so, tho’ both
have different Purfyits,: they agree in

the fame End, of being unthankful Receivers

of the Benefits of Providence.

How unlike to this do we find the ~~ #

Conduét of the /1o/y Men of Old to have «

been; whose Raptures were never greaterthon
when they were taken up with
a View of the Syfem of the World, the
Operations of Nature, and the Divine
Superintendency over all its Works.
Upon this Occasion I have -very often

admired

142 The Censor. N’ 51.

the Difference between the

Heathen, and the truly Divine Poctry ;

How faint and languid are the Detcriptions
ot the One in Comparison to the
Oiher! and, . How vattly bold, mn

and figurative; the Expressions of the
anfpu’d Writers are upon thele Occahons!

flomer, Pindar, and Hor

mecr Diit,” to Fob, David, and.the

Prophets, upon these Subjects; the Reason
of which I shall enquire into at another
time. When David speaks of the
Sun, he makes him Rejoice like a Bridegroom,
or, Set forth iike a Gyant to run
bis Course. If he {peaks of the Moon, it
not only giveth Light in the Night-Sea/on,
but: knoweth its going down. When the
Stars are mention’d, One telleth another,
and the whole Firmament reports the

Glory of the Creator: By the Omnipotence

of the God of J//rael, the Waters
of the Sea are gather’d together-as on

a Heap, and he layeth up the Deeps in

Store-boufes. When the Meteors of the
Air exert their Operations, he covers the
Heaven: with Clouds, prepares Rain for the.
Earth, the Clouds pour out Water, the |
Skies send out a Sound: And again, At

due Seasons he giveth Snow like Hoel, he
eth the boar Frost like casts

ft orth

Ne sr. The Censor. 143

forth bis Ice like Morfels; the most Natural,

as well as the most Poetical, Description

of a beginning Frost: and when it

pleafeth him, he /endeth out bis Word and
meketh them, be caufcth the Wind to blow,
and the Waters slow. And when he de-

{cribes the more benign Effects of higy

Operations, how beauritul is it to hear, to
read, How be-watereth the Hills from bis
Chambers, How he girdeth fafi the Mountains;
and fendceth the Springs into the Vallies;

How he caufeth Gra/s to grow for the .

Cattle, and Herb for the Service of Man;
And Wine that maketh glad the Heart of

Man, and Oyl to make his Face foine, and

Bread which ftrengtheneth Man's Heart.
dilate with infinite Pleasure

apon all the Particulars I have here

cited from the P/almif? ; but my Reader,
at he has any Judgment, will easily find

the Difference between Human and In-

(pired Writings.. wil only beg Leave,

as the Spring now approaches,:to
him in mind to look up to Providence

as the great Conductor of the Seasons,
the Preducer and‘Bleffer of the Seeds
and Fruits of the Earth, and bid him
remember Him whole Clouds drop Fatne/s.
And that he may not want a due
Form to apply upon this Occasion to

the Giver of all Goodnef&, fubjoin
a mott excellent one from. Biihop
Andrews, which in all Deférence to pro-

per Judges may merit @ Place in our

LITURGY.' is as follows:
Remember, O Lord, to renew the

ear with ‘thy Goodne(s, and the

Sealon with a promising Temper:

“© For the Eyes of all wait upon thee,

“ © Lord: Thou giveft them Meat:

Thou openeit thy Hand, and filleft |

“© all Things living with thy Bounty.
Vouchfate, therefore, O Lord, the

a Bleflings of the Heavens, and the

“<< Dews trom Above: The Bleflings of
‘© the Springs, and the Deep from Be-
‘© neath :- The Returns of the Syn, the
Conjunétions of the Moon: The Be-
6f the rising Mountains, and
“¢ the lasting Hills: The Fallnefs of

the Earth,.and all that breed therein.

A Fruitful Season.
Temperate Air.
Plenty of Corn.
‘¢ Abundance of Fruits.
Health of Body, and Peaceable
Times.

Good and wife Government.
Prudent Counfels.
Jult Laws.

Righteous.

Vox, II. |

N° §1. The Ce NSO R. |

Righteous Judgment.

Loyal Obedience.

Due Execution of Juttice.

‘© Sufficient Store for Lite.

“© Happy Births. -

Good and fair Plenty.

‘© Breeding and Infticution of Children.

That our Sons may grow up as the
oung Plants, and our Daughters may

be as the polith’d Corners of the femple:

That our Garners may be fall

and plenteous with all manner of Store :

That our Sheep may bring forth |

Thousands: That our Oxen may be

- {trong to labour: That there be no

Decay, no leading into Captivity,
no Complaining in our Streets: But
that every Man may fit under hisown
Vine, and hisown in Thank-~
tulnefs‘to Thee, Sobriety and Charity
to his Neighbour, and in whatsoever
other Estate thou. wilt have him
therewith to be contented. And this
tor Fe/us Christ his Sake, to whombe
Glory forever. AMEN.

146 | Lhe Censor. N° 52.

T is avery great Symptom of the De-
generacy. of Mankind, and the Depravity

of their Manners, that an /yztuéexcey
which used to shock the -O!d
World, is now become a Character of

Recommendation, and a Passport to care:

ry a Manthrough every Stage of Life.

it is a Qualification, which to render |

the more Epidemical, we have soften ‘d
by the Appellative of Assurance; and {o

plac’d it in a Light of Advantage, by

supporting it with Colours that seem to

imply a Neceflity. Hence it comes that

the bold,.pufbing Man leaps at once to
the Summet of Fortune’s Wheel, whilit

the Shy and Modes gaze at distance on.

Promotion; and, confounded with the
Difficulties of know not how
to make their Approaches. These Men
of.amore thancompetent Assurance are
like a Torrent, which bears down the
ftronpeft Oppofitions before’ it; and

those of too difident a | like a
slow

slow and gentle Stream, suffer every
Bulrufh to impede their Course: Or, to
make Use of another Metaphor, they
look through the wrong End of the
Perspective, and fearce can discern the
Objcét by reason of its Remotenefs.
But as it is certain that a Degree of |
Assurance is absolutely neceflary so our
Conduét,and gives a Grace both to our
Urterance and AGtions; we mutt allow
it a Diftin@tion from Jmpudence, and
know that Afodeffy infome Circumstances
may as much expose us to Ridicule,
as the molt undaunted Affarance does to—
Aversion. .To be proper Judges how far
we may be faulty in either Extream, we
ought to define the Nature, and Principles,
of these opposite Qualifications.
Impudence then is a Talent which
makes .us Trefpaflers on Morality .and
pood Manners; it runs us on Aétions
which we cannot account for to Con-
‘{cience,or Honesty; and gives a Turn
to our Dis€ourfe and Conversation that .
{candalizes us to People of any Decorum
or Severity in Conduct. The notbeing |
afham’d to do anill Thing gives a fort
of Sanction to the Proceedings of the
Impudent, and makes them commit a
Thousand Indecencies, which they

TheCrnsor N° 52.
would avoid if they knew the Pain of
Blushing. No Charaéter, Sex, or Qughity,
is aReftiiction on their Behaviour;
they will accuse Religion, and banter P:-

ety before the Face of a Bifbop; talk

the grofleit Ob/cenities before a Maid of
Loncur ; and cock their Hats, and practise
Airs of Jnfolence in the Presence of
a Prince. It makes Men think all Merit
and Privilege is on their Side, and

therefore encourages in them a Disregard

to the Superior Rank or Endow-|

ments of others.

Modefly, on the other hand, isa
Regard to Chafity and Honour in the Female
Sex, and a Distrust of Aferit and

Onder fanding inQOurs. !% inspires us with
Sentiments of Virtue and Dilcretion,and
arms us against Impurities which we see
so: {candajous a Figure in Men of
a licentious Gonverfe and Deportment ;

it controuls our Notions of Pride and

Arrogance,and never looks upon that to
which cannot be utter’d with-

out eiacit Condemnation of the Speaker,
cand 2 Reprehenfion from those to whom
itis spoken. It may be call’d the Guardian
of Divine and Humane Institutions,
as fearing to trample qther on the Or-

dinances of God, or Decrees of the Re-

N’ 52. The CENSOR. 149
publick: Further, it has a Regulation ©
from it self, and makes a Law of Decency
to direét its Conduct. +
The old Heathens, who buile Temples
to Fortune and Fortitude,.to Virtues
and Qualitics, never, as I remember,
consecrated a Shrine to AModeffy: Tho’
Sophocies has fomewhcere given her a Seat
near the Throne’ of Fupiter,! and plac’d.
her at his Elbow on all Emergencies:
A.Picce of Machinery which handfomely
recommends her to the World, ‘and
countels us to reverence her whom Fove
himself has not disdain'd for a Compani-
Great however, and commendable as
this Virtue is, it of, by making wrong
Impreflions, seems a Vice and Defeét in
Nature; This happens, when we wear
afalfe or vicious Modesty: A Ba/hfulne/s
either of Temper or Education,
which gives us an Air of awkward Simplicity;
and will not suffer Us to exert
our Virtues, or Qualifications. Thisis
a Modesty which we should never study.
to cultivate, which is an unreasonable
Check on our best Parts, anda difadvantagious
Controuler of our Deporte
ment. |

H 3 Delius

Table, becatife afham’d to

Jf he sets down to Cards, he mitfta

1504. The Censor. N52.

Lelius.-is very unhappy in such a Di-: J
fpofition ; he fers out-in the World, well
furnifhfd with Sense and Fortune, yer
looks ag if he fear’d plunging out of his

Depth atevery Instant, He is very cautious

of mixing himself ine Company; |

—seldom speaks, and when he does, takes

Care that # be to answer a Question.
He generally shuffles into the Corner of

the Room; where he guards his Post |

with as much Care asa Centine! on Duty;
and is as uncafy at. crofling the
Room, when the Coffee-houle is full,
as the Soldier would be to runthe Gante
let. He has often rose up hungry from

thew his
Want of Art in Carving; and hasun-

dergone the Pain of being dry, rather
than put himself to~the Confusion of

drinking to some of the Company. He
blufhes,. if any whilper; and suspects
something amifs in his Dress or Shape:

the Game, merely thro’ a fear of playing
wrong: And if he Teads an Author
aloud, lays a false Emphasis, for Want
of giving a proper Tone to his Voice,
and thro’ some Hefitations which. proceed
from the Fault of Bathfulnefs.

This

N° 52. The Censor.
This Sheepi/a Modesty, as it 1s cammonly
cterm’d, springs ‘generally from a
particular Mildnefs of ‘Temper; and
grows of a Piece with Us trom being
encoarag’d if our Education, and from
our jate and unfrequent Introduction into
Company.- With this Imperfectign
about us we Jook like in the Come
mittec, as it wefear’d the Person we
fooke to had a Knife in bis Pocket. Had
Son, confels I would not train
him to the Dilcipline of these Shy Pyth
gorcans, who enjoin themselves more
than a five Years Silence: He should >
Jearn to make his Address with Freedom,
Impudence; and practise Diicourte
enough to teach him ‘his own Force of
Reasoning, not to impose Arguments,
or, by fawcily playing the Ora- -
tor, oblige his Betters to be Silent. ie
Besides the Figure which this pernicious
Ba/hfulne/s causes us to make, it
carries along with it Consequences to
our Disadvantage; A Man: of this Modesty
is often 1] treated, and fetsdown .
with an Injury, because he cannot put
a good Face on his Jutlification, and.
ttand the Shock of redrefling himself
betore Company. How often may
tee a difident young Barifter, with
Equie

92 The Censor.
«Equity on his side, and Law enough to

back it; beat out of the Merits of his
Cause by the noisy Hafangue of another

Pleader, that -had -Aflurance to make

loud Eloquence pals for Reason, and V'ehemence
ot Pbhrafe for Proof and Evidence ?

In short, it isa Frailty which difarms a

Man of his Faculties; locks up the Endowmients
of the Mind, and Powers of
the Body; puts the Action and Urte-—
rance under an: Arrest; and makes its
Patient look like the Skeleton of him-

self. There‘is either no such thing as

Modesty, says a witty Writer, or it is |
confounded with something in it self

quite different. If we take it for an Internal

Sentiment, which makes a Man.
seem mean in his own Eyes, this is afupernatural
Virtuc, and we call it Hu- —

mility. Man naturally thinks proudly
and haughtily of himself, and thinks

thus of no body but himself: Modetfty
only tends to -_ this Disposition;

it is an External Virtue, which governs
our Eyes, Conduct, Words, Tone of
Woice, and obliges a Man to act with

others to outward Appearanee, as if it
was not true that he de/pis’d them.

From

The Censor, 353
From my own Apartment, Monday Feb.18.

I was this Evening visited by a Gen
tleman who came to compliment: me
with some Tickets for his Sixth Night
of the Artful Husband; he. talk’d with
much Freedom of: .the Taste of the
Town, but — could not but awn that
they had now done him Justice: I was
pleas’d with the Bluntnefs of his Address,
and knowing him to be a very honest
Man, as well as an extravagant Taker of
Sxuff, 1 accepted his Tickets; and tell-—
ing him, / had heard a good _Charatter of
his Play, promis’d to interest my Friends
in his Favour, | |

NY 53. Thur fday, February 21.

—— Sit non doftifima Conjux. Mart.
E following Letter being the

I have receiv’d from the Learned
University of CAMBRIDGE,
have given it to the Publick entire; a
Respect I seldom pay to the rest of my

The Cen SOR. N: 53.

Correspondents, the Subject being very
entertaining.

Cambridge, Feb. the 14th.
¢ S it is true, that a little Learting
¢ only canmakea Manan Atheif,
but a great deal makes ‘it impoflible
for him to be so; so are it’s Influences
as manifeftly different in common
Life: A {mattering of Learning,
when it lights upon a weak Mind, is
apt to auth i it with Conceit, and make
it overflow with Impertinence ; a Person
so furnish'd naturally thinks, with
the Spanifob Monarch, the Sun of
Learning never [ets out of kis Dominions,
but that all Knowledge is contain’d
within the Limits of his fcanty Horizon.
Whilst the Great Man, tho’
arrivd perhaps ag the most exalted
Pitch a great Genius could carry
is sensible there are vast Regions ot
Terre Incognite behind, which he mutt
never be the Columbus of} and modettly
conteffes that he knows, comparatively,
Nothing. ‘|
¢ But this Misfortune will (I believe)
be found to happen chiefly in the Fe-

¢ male Wolds for tho’ Nature has cn-

N’53. CENSOR. ~ 2955

+ du’d’em with that ever-flowing Stream

of Eloquence, which gliding amongit
Pebbles, and confin’d within its own
Banks, at once commands and charms
the Attention with its agreeable Murmurs,
yet when it launches out into
the Deep, tho’ it be then confpicu- —
ous, vet is only so as the Froth of its
but not (I believe).of that Sort which
gave Buth-to Yenszs. For if it be true
that every thing shines with the greateit-
Luitre in its own proper Sphere,
tis certain the Ladies, whose Minds
are too delicate, their Spirits too volatile,
and their Mold too soft, to bear
the Fatigue of a laborious Enquiry into
the hari{her Studies, are.not to

pect any additional Beauties-from’ .

thence; and (I think} ’tis no Wonder

if such bold Invaders catch Straws

siftead of Pearl, and make the Biemifhes

of an Author the Objects of their
Adiniration, they want Judg-/
ment to find cur his real Perfeétions..
But] muittell your /air Readers
ther, that Learning in them would.
take off irom that Universal Sway, .
which they now bear over the Hearts
of Mankind; they would soon find
the warm Adore chang’d into the cod
Plaronich:

weit.

556 The Censor. N’53.
€ Platonick Admirer; and the transport-
© ed Lover into the refpeétful Friend ; for
© | believe it was never heard that AZ:
© nerva had any Humble Servants, tho’
© admir’d by all the World, except the
_ © old Philosophers may come underthat
~ © Denomination. W hilft the Young, the
© Lively, the Sanguine, and the Gay,
© in the Story of Paris, prefer the firing
Charms of a f{prightly, Venus,-to the
formal Sagacity of Paijas; and be-
sides, all that pleasing Simplicity, a-
© greeable Fxtravagance, and enchanting
Levity, which adorn their Con-
© veriatior, would dwindle into a cull
© affected Regularity. Then hope your
© Readers won't take ‘it. all, if
© mentionthat Insatiable Vanity inthem
© of fhewirg themiclves, ond pushing
any. ciftinguifhing Charaéter to
the utmost, which must _necefflarily
render the She. Pedant the most trou-
® blefome impertinent Creature living.
Besides that Exemption from Contra-
© di&tion, a Privilege which the Polite
© World have in a great Measure given
em, naturally puffs up their Vanity
to the greatest Height of Extrava,
© pance; for ‘tho’ a Man should be so
hardy as to diflent froma fine Wo-

N’53. The Censor.

f{poken upon another Oéccafion, He

pith both.

the mixing of q Pudding,

man, yet must he touch the Matter
with so gentle and judicious a Hand, |
that his very Contradiction is frequent
ly turn’d into a Piece of Flattery, and,
to use the Words of Mr. /Valler, tho’.

may wound with one Hand, but must beal

© | have thus far consider'd the Wos |
man in her General Charaéter, but
the Circuinftance of Matrimony makes
the Cate infinitely worse; She is ru-.
maging the Ancients for Moral Precepts,
whilit she ‘hould be employing
them to the. \dvantage of the Moderns;
and correéting the Oeconomy
of Dido's Family, whilit she negleéts
the Conduét of her own:. I have .
known one of theie Learned Ladies -. rt
fummonall the PropofitionsmEscdidto
the making of an Hoop-Petticoat, and
another deduce a jong Harangue of
the Harmony of the Elements, from |

A Friend of mine, who had the
Misfortune tomarry one of this Sort,
told me he was forc’d to make his Approaches
regularly, entrench’d over —
Head and Lars in hard Words and

The Censor. 5}.

unintelligible Phrases, before he could
make any Breach in her Affections; |
drew the Lines of Circumvallation,
said he, with a few heavy-heel’d Syllogiims,
which I supported with a
File of Veteran Apothegms, then I

pinn’d her up with a Party of Demonitrations,

but was at lait fore’d to
storm the Centre of-her main Body
with half a Dozen Difiichs out of
Ovid. But he soon grew tr’d of his
Consort; For the was not content
to speak her Opinions only, but would
obtrude them upon every Body elie,
infomuch that l’ve heard him say she
has labour’d a whole Day in Detence
of a Conjunction, and that they
had like to have parted Beds once tor
an Interjection; the wou'd teach her
Servanis when to plow from /7%7rgi/,

and her eldest Son how to write Loveletters

Ovid; and little Master
mu(ft ask Blefling in Latin; the 1s so
exact a Lover ot Regularity, that she
won't so much as blow her Noie, or
buckle her Shoes, without producing
Authority for’t, and dines every Day
at One precisely, according to Flamfiead’s

Equation-Tabies. Once of her

Prime Minillers had jixen to have
© been

N’53. The Censor. 159

been in Disgrace lately for an Impropriety,
and her Footman was actually
under a Cloud a great while fora false
Concord; and she once told me with
a good deal of Concern, the had often
lamented she cou’d not give her little
Dog Cue a Tatte of the Liberal Scjences..
She imbibes the Oddities of'all

the Authors she reads, which makes -
her Conversation as whimfically varie.

ous as a Tavlor’s Doubler. [ have

heard her'raile a Storm in //yperdole,-
and {cold ina Shower of Metaphors, .
thunder and weep

Apoftrophe; the’ll ridicule her Husba

thro’ all Moods and Ten/es, but gene-.

rally chufes to talk to him in the /m-
perative. She entertains the Ladies

with a. Piece of Criticism upon.

mer, and the Squires with a Comment

upon the Latin Testament. I have
prefcrib’d some Rules, at my Friend's.

Resueft, which I may recover

her from ‘this dangerous_Diftemper:

1/7, After alittle Phicbotomy, and the
Use of Catharticks, reduce her from
the Amplification which she most delights
in to the Laconick. 2d/y, Defirc
her to read over the Charaéter of
the Woman ix in Simonides,

3dly, Fors

160 The Censor. N’5;3

© 3dly, Forbid her the use of the Words
Delicacy, Sublitne, and teach her
half a dozen plain Sentences every Day.
© 4thly, Because she has a great Veneration
for Antiquity, tell her the
© diluvian Ladies were great Houlewives,
and that Sappho herielt kept Dairy.
sthly, Take away her 4riflotie, and
give her.a Bible; and if all this won’ .
do, I must recommend her to a dark
Room, and clean Straw. ——

Arend ia Rhianus.

So full of Error and Frailty is humane .
Nature, that it makes us repay Heaven
but ill for the Bleflings beftow’d,
and drives us on repining at the Allotments
of Providence, when they either |
cross our Schemes of smaginary Happine/s,
or disappoint our Wifbes. The Course of
our Joys cannot be restrain'd, or the A-
varice of our Appetites check’d, without

The Censor. 168:

our Dissatisfaction, and Murmuring at
Fate. The Infolence of our Complaints,
when Expectations are frustrated, looks
we had a Right of capitulating with our
Maker, or that an Almighty Being could
rob the Creatures of bis Hands. +

The Causes of our Discontent are as
numerous as they are unreasonable; but»
Nothing makes us worse Men, and worse
Christians, than.the Death of a Relation

or intimate Friend. This is a Cafein .

which we generally give a Loose tolm- —
patience, and suffer neither Reason nor
Religion to reduce us toa. Temper. Our
Passions are immediately alarm’d at the
Severity of our Fate, and we call upa
thousand Ideas of Dearnefs in the Person
loft to aggravate our Misfortune. Me-
mory seldom fails to give a Supply to
our Sorrow, but hélds the.Glass to Imagination
while we dwell on our Refentments.
It would certainly correct the
Intemperance of our Grief, if we would
but confulr the State of Nature, and
leave common Sense to reflect on our
Folly: And since all must dye, sooner,
or later, why. should we consider that
our Friends are taken first, and not think
at the fame time that We Ourfelvés are
repriev’d to a farther Day ? te

162° The Censor.

We have Lessons enough i In our D;-
vines, Philosophers, and Moralifts,. to
us Nefenation ;but weare too ttubborn

to lend an, Ear to W ifdom, or let

the Knowledge of our Duty contradi&t
our Pa/sion. never read that excellent
Ps Tage in Shake/pear, where the Kine
counicis Avimlet to forget his dead
ther, bur | admire the Poet for his Klo-

a and the Juitnefs of his ony

You have loft a Father, says He

W ords, but ’tisno more than tha

Father loft before You; anduhe Survivor

is bound, ..in filial Obligation, :to pay
for erm obiequious Sorrow:

But to perfevere,
In obftinate Condolement, is a Cour?
Of Impious Stubbornnels. ’Zis unman'y
Grief ;
It a Will most to Feav'n,

A Heart unfortified, a Mind aint,
An Understanding simple, and unfchoo!' :

For what we knoty muff be, and 5 as common

As any the most vulgar Thing to Sen/e,

Phy should we, in our peevith Opposition,

Take it to Heart?— frye: is a Fault to

AA Fault the Dead. a Fault to Nature,

To Reajin most ablurd, whole ommon Theme

4 Lile-

54. |The Censor. 163
Is Death of Fathers; and who hath cry’d,

From the first Coar, 10 His that dy'd to Day,
This mutt be so,

was put into this Trad of Think-
ing by a Vific that U receiv’d from the

good old Trebonius; When he enter ‘dmy

Room,: he pull’d out his Handkerchiet,
and wiping his Eyes, defir’ d Me to forgive

the W eaknets of his Age, and al- 3

low some ‘Tears to the Fondness ‘of

Father. Lwcius, says is no ;
and yet I grieve not so much for the loss
of a Som, as that poor Marcia will grow

diftra&ted for so dear a Husband?’ Vhave ..

now lefc her.in all the Agonies of Affiction,

and came for You.to go and

join with Me in the neceflary Office of
Consolation; for 1 ca*not urge an Argument

of Comfort, e’er her-Gricf becomes

contagious, and Nature cefappoams the
Force of my Countfel.

I needed not many Perfwafions to pre=.

vail with me to.attend him, in Prosecution’
of what became a Christian as well

as Friend. When we came to his Door, ~—
the Servant that Iet us in had-his Eyes

full of the Misfortune in the Family;
and the Nurse, that met-usatthe Stairshead,

only falut ted us with:a dumb Sor-.

364 The Censor.

row. We found the difconfolate Marcia

in her Chamber, fitting on the Bed,

and grafpi~ 2 the cold Hand of One who.
now was infenfible of her Tenderness.
Betwixt every Pause of Tears, she fed

het Griefs with the Perufal of his Face;

and seem'd by her Motions, holding
Discourse-with Thought, and recountang
the Happinels she had tasted in his

Society.

So fully was the employ’d on the Ob-

ject of her Grief, that our entring the

Room was no Interruption to her; "till

Trebonius approaching her gently, cry'd,

Daughter, you converse too much with
that Scene of -Death; turn your Eyes

from the fruitless Watching’ ofa Hufl-
band, whom you cannot aid, toa Father
who lives to want your Care; and

who expects from you that Tenderness
which wili make him forget that hehas |
loft a Son. See, continued he, 1 have
brought a Friend to second me in this
Suit, to whose Advice you ever paid a
peculiar Regard. He will teach you,

how wrong these Traniports “of Paflion

are; and how much they offend Heaven,
and call your Conduct in quetftion.

As he nam’d Me, she lifted up her lan-’
» guid Eyes, and bowing her Body, burst

into

N°54. The Censor. 165
into a fresh Flood of ‘Fears. JT flood
dumb a while, as knowing, when the
Passions are in their Herght, how vain
itis to refilt ’em. 1 wajted ‘till the
Storm was a little overblown,and then,
Madam, /aid 1, I am sorry to counsel

you on this Occasion ; and could with — .

you would permit your. own Sense
to prescribe, what: all your Friends
must press you to pursue. Can this.
Profufion of Tears avail you ought, or
immoderate Grief recal the Spirit, that
now is fled to its allotted Place, and
must no more dwell with Earth
and Corruption. >, Your own Health.
you may inrpair, his Life you never can
restore. If you have been happy in the
Poffeflion of that Perion, whose. Body
now is breathless and inanimate, be
thankful to that indulgentPower who trusted
you with so much Comfort, and
be grateful in returning it on his Demand,
without murmuring at the Shortne(s
of the Bleffin
At the Conclufon of my Séntence, :
Marcia threw her self weeping on the ~
Bed; and embracing the Laabs of her |
dead Husband, Yes; /ays foe, 1 know I
must part with these dear Remains; “Tee
Earth, and Darknels are now their Portion

Macduff,

366 The Censor. N’ $4.
tion; I know too that my Sorrows are
ufelefZ, and unreasonable: Burt can I

forget the Endearments of his Love?

Mutt the Remembrance of our mutual
Satisfactions all be buried with him in
the Grave? Is it not Ingratitude at once
to shake off the Images of Pleafurcs, and
not shed some Tears in Tribute to theit
Memory
The Tears and Arguments of. this fair

Mourner, in {pight of my Philosophy,
almost convine’d me, that Wisdom and
~Resolution are but Names, and Passion

will have its Force on our Souls: We

must be form’d more perfect by Nature,

or induylg’d in the Frailties she is compos’d
of. However we may talk of

Comfort gnd Resignation, when we

lose our Friends, we have inward Sen- —
timents which will make us say with

I cannot but remember such Things were,
That were moss precious to Me.

Tue/day,

The Censor. 167

N° 55. Tacflay, February 26.

Qui didicit Patri guid Debeat
Horace.

~ Have often wonder’d for what Reason
the Character of the Roman’ Atticus
is so much celebrated By the Writers
not only of his own Age, but made a
fort of a Pattern to be copied by wife
Men in future Generations. For my
self, IT own, that tho’ in the, reading of
his History 1 have always admir’d his
Personal Virtues, yet I could never have

ariy good Opinion of his Condué with

regard to that Republic of which he was
a Member. A/ticus was considerable by
his Birth, by his-Learning, and his Fortune;
so many concurring Circumstances
hardly ever met in one private Person,
to make him of Use and Importance

to Society; and yet thus quality’d,

thus bless'd; in every Particular that
could contribute to What great End, he

ftfll within a narrow Compass, was

contented with doing some litile Seryices

168 The CENSOR, | N 55.

vices in peculiar Friendships, and a few
oftentatious Actions of Popularity. E-
very one knows in what Scene of A fairs
this. Man appeared, in a Contelt, between
Ambition and Virtue, between
Liberty and Tyranny, and in one Word
between an Absolute and a Free Government.
In such a Situation of Afnirs, he
who was personally lov’d and admir’d by

every one, but most by the Friends to |

that Form of Government which the
opposite Party were endeavouring to
fubvert, behaves himself with acalm Indifference

to either, sometimes retiring -

from his Country in the midst of its Calamities,

and sometimes fitting an idle.

untouch’d Spectator, without offering a
helping Hand to the Cause in which

his Heart was concern’d: The very Topic

which the Ancients endeavour .to
recommend him upon, and build all his
Praises upon that Foot, is his greatest

Disgrace. They tell youwhat a Matter .

he must needs have been of Human Nature,
to manage it so dexteroufly as to
be well with the Chiefs of the contending
Parties, to be reverenc’d by both, and
now and then, by a mix’d Interest, be
able to do some Kindness‘to a Brave or

Virtuous Man on either side. But

Noss. The Censor. 169
was not acting up to the Duty of a Row = i
many, it was at beit but acold, tame Vir- a
tue, a feartul Disposition of Mind,
which would not forteit its Tranquility, RE
or hazard the least Part of a Philotopher, an

his Fortune, at.a Time when he ought
to have parted with Life it felt for the
Pretervation of his Country. For let us
only put the Question, that he had engaged
on the Side of the Republic, what
a Weight and Influence must a Man of
his Charaéter and Popularity have put in
the Scale against the Power that was then
rt uponallLaw, Right, and Freedom?
If the Fate of Empires are not to be
trac'd, yet Human Probability gives us
to believe, that he might have gone a —
reat way towards the preventing the he
Beftruction of Rome, and at leait (and if it
were no more, that it self had been Glory
enough) might have kept Tyranny at Bay
for some time, if not hunted it quite
down. Instead of which you have seen
already what was his Condué,
Imufttakethe Liberty todrawaCon-)
sequence, from hence that regards our B
selves, and in particular Us, who pre- hal
tend to inform Others, that an INDIF- ot
FERENCE in a Day of common Danger
to our Country is of all others the most.
Vor. Il. I stupid .

170, The Censor. N° 5s,

stupid and not-to-be-forgiven Crime. I

contefs that while the Debate among us

seem'd more to confilt in Names than

any real Things, 1 thought a Man might
fit easy under either of our Political Difin-

lions. While the Dispute {eem’d to be,

whote Principles tended but to promote
the Interest.ot their Country, and do the

juiteft Honourstothe Per/on of their So-

vereign, then indeed a wife Man might
rather be pleas’d at the Emulation, than
concern himself in the Strife. But when
the Difference lyes between the Faithful
Subjeé&t and the Actual REBEL,
the frm Patriot and the profefs’d Foe to
his Country; in short, between a Popi/h

Proteffant Line, then to be Indifferent

is to be juftly suspected of being

Guilty.

To carry this. Matter a little farther:
Perhaps, there has never been such a Scene
open’d as has lately in our own Nation,
which. ought to awaken every Man of

common Senfeto stand up for the De- _

fence of that Community, .by which
he enjoys the Rights of an Engii/bman.
Some weak Pleas indeed, fit to fatisfie
afew Women, have been offered for
the late Rebellion, bue what can bre said

for a Swedish Invasion? Had some Measures

Ness. The CEnsSOR.

fures succeeded, which were once in A-

gitation, this Nation might have had a

little Satisfaétion, in being subdued at
ealt by a Polite People, but to fling up
our Liberties to a Race of S/az esy and be
the Servants of Servants, is a Curle that
never was prefaged but to the most unhappy
and abandoned Part of the Creation.
And yet so itis, that in this Junture
of Affairs, when the most Authentick
and Publick Evidence has. been gis
ven of {uch a monstrous Design, Numbers
among us either dittruit the Truth,
or seem contented to expect Conviétion
in a Scene of Death and Deitru¢tion, It
is almost unaccountable that private Malice
and Resentment should work People
up to give away the dearest Things to
them in the World into any Hands, but
those which would keep them inviolable
to themselves, and perpetuate them to
their Potterity. If it were not attended
with fatal Consequences, it would make
a Scene of Humour to hear how differently

these real Terrors affeé the different
Difaffeétions of our present Set of ©

Male-Contents.. Fhe Grave Politician,

upon the reading Count Gyllenborg’s Letters,

tells you it does not appear the A7
of Sweden was concern’d in the Proje&,

12 | that

> The CENSOR 55.

that he is at Liberty to own or difown
it, without once reflecting what terrible
Effeéts desperate Arms and Ent/hufafm
would have among a divided People.
The angry Man, who ts the Bully
jn Politics, only takes hold of that Occasion,
to celebrate the Courage and
Conduct of that Prince, and never forets

the Battel of Nerva, to inform you,
as he thinks, how near you might have
been to Chains and Servility. The
Country Squire hath nothing to say but
to damn the Future Taxes, not contidering
that he would lose All, if hes
own Hopes were accomplished.. In
short, the Stock-Fobber talks of the Fall
of Credit, the Merchant of little Disadvantages
in Trade, and not one of all
these wife Men cast an Eye to the Pud-
Kicy or once imagine that a whole Kingis

at Stake.

If it were possible that any thing I
could say peuld give the true Idea of
~this Important Concern to my Countrymen,
would lay before ’em the short,
but terrible Scheme, projected for our
Ruin, as it appears from the printed

First then let ’em refletupona Foreign
Army, and an Intefiine Rebellion,

N’ ss. The Censor. 173

actuated by a Spirit of. Revenge and De-

Apair, destroying and ravaging in a Fair

and Plentiful Country. And that this
was what we were to expect, is apparent

from the Intercourie ot the Scheme-

Layers, where we find the Sweetness
of Revenge more than once mention’das
a Motive on their Side tor the Undertaking;
and the Fatnefs of the Land, as

a mott powerful Inducement for their

making a Prey and Spoil of it. 1 heir very
Language isin the Stile of the = Northern
Swarm of Rodéers, that were longing
to change their Barrennefs for Fertility,
and their Scarcity: for an Abundance.
The next thing that. was propos’d, was

the reducing us to the Condition - of

Slaves, and making us fall into the way

of the Nations round about us.. Their:

Work was not to be done by halves;
when they had eaten up and devour'd

the beit of the Land, they were to leave
ir in the Pofletlion of a Creature, whowould

have .made it ten times more the
Seat of Sorrow and Detolation, thanthe
most barbarous Invader could. “I need
but name that the Pretender is a Papif,'
and every Body knows what Havock a
Bigot in that Religion would make in a
Protettant Country.

174 The Censor.

Let ’em next reflect by what means
this Project was to be brought to bear,
and this we are obliged to one of our.
own Countrymen tor, whote Advice

Count Gyeniore tollow’d. «There is one
whole Letter which gives us full

Detale of this worthy Man’s Instructions:
one Part of the Letter.
For what remains, added he, I enunely
agree, that the maintaining of
‘© the Church of England ought to be one
Topick in the King of Sweden's
nifefo. is the more neceflary,

because it would serve to settle the

“© Munds of such of our Party as are difurb’d

about the 's Religion.

Eis Sweds/b Maje, ty would hikewnle
aGinhis ornknown Charaéter,which
istobe on all Occafionsifollicitous for
theWelfare ot Religion.
Such was the Scheme, the End, and

the Means, that our Enemies propos’d

for cur Deftruétion. The Exchange
was, a Foreign Invader for a Righttul
Governour, an Abandon’d Outlaw for a
ust Monarch, and utter Subversion of
all Right, and Liberty, for Zu/fice,
Freedom, and a Legal Church and Confit-

Lution.

This fday.

Thursday, February 23,

superos, Acheronta movebsunt.
Virgil.

} Forefaw the Storm.that my Paper of

Pisc/diay \att would raise upon me; but

wrapping my self up in my Integrity, [ .

heard it whiitle by me with more Noise,
than Effect upon my Tentper or my
Person. Reproach from one Sidé isthe
common Consequence of declaring for
the Other, and I knew the Nature of
those whom I thould make my Enemies,
too well to expeé any Favour at their
Hands. They are a Set of People
whose Inventions are quick and lively in
the Birth of Scandal, and every Avenue
of their Senses and Underftandings barred
up against Truth and Information.
They do not only make a Lye, but, in
the Language of the holy Scripture,
love it,. they are not only the Matters
of the Mint in this dcbafed
che Propagators of it too, .and deliver

it from Hand to Hand with the Cone.

I 4 fidence

a Knot of his Friends in the Angle of

376 The Censor.

fidence that only ‘belongs to the Currency
of true Sterling. The worst of

it is, that in dealing with this kind of
Cattle a Man of Reaion cannot tel! how

to behave himself; for he who will dispute
Principles that are Selt-evident

because they are again{t him, and oblige

you to. believe Contradictions becaule
they seem to make for him, is no more -

to be argued with than a Madman or
a Whirlwind. For the downright Calumny

which has been honour’d with
the Title of Secret History among these
Men, it is nothing but a plain Declaration
of an Inability to support themselves
any other way. He who in common
Discourse quits the Argument, to give |
ill Words, openly betrays the Badnefs
of his Cause, and all his Business is to
lead his Adversary into a Digreflion of
the fame kind,that he may forget to.

prosecute his Vidtory. The fame Trap

is laidjand with the fame View, in Po-

—jitical Disputes with Men of this Com-
— pleétion: To Rai! with an Air of Bold-
—ness is with them to Answer, and to. be

positive in Falfhood is Demonttration.
It is entertaining enough, to see a Publijher
of this. tafhionable Ware among

N°s6. The Censor. .. 377

a Room, opening his Box of Scandals

and retailing his Commodities to his

Audience, who take all upon trust

as certain Truth, by being aflured of the
good Inclinations of the Vender. After
the Conclusion of some notable Forgery
freth from the Mint, he pulls out a

Paper of dull Verses, which pass with as

much Applause as the Satires of a Dor/et
or a Dryden would among People of a
rcfin’d Taste. But when the Will is
once viciated, the Underflanding. always
comes in for a Share of the Infection;
and it has been my Observation, That

Difaffeétion to the Government, and

Stupidity, go Hand in Hand,and agree
in the fame Persons. It is from this

Principle of Wishing ill, that Nonsense

becomes fanttified, that the Wit of a
Fox-bunter is repeated thro’. a whole Village,
and the Sayings of -a 4Nonjuror quoted
as Go/pel thro’ ‘Twenty Clubbs in an
Evening I would not be thought to
afirm, that all Sense and Wit is confin’d
within the Latitude of one Side;
but what {candalizes me, is, that those

Performances which,abftraéted from Partv,

every sensible Man would condemn,
should be meritorious even in the lowest
Dullnefs, for the Sake of their Treason

178 The Cen SOR. 50
and their Impudence. We are come
toa fine Pass indeed, when the Standards

of Right and Wrong, of Sense

and Nonsense, mutt be alter’d in Compliance
to a false Political Principle. [
wish them much Joy with their Authots
——And am heartily glad that I am
fall’n into their Disgrace, whose Praise
an honest Man ought to be afham’d of.
They have taken the fureft Method to
keep up a of Scriblers whote+Talents
exaétly are level to their Cause; for
when a Blockhead hears himself commended
for his Stupidity, it 1s a Confirmation
to Nature,and he will drudge
on in the heavy. Tract where he firftfer |
~T told my Reader before, that I have
had the good Luck to purchase their
Hatred, and I am as proud of it as Virgil

or Horace could be of the Ill-will of

Bavius and Mevius. My Offence he
knows already, and I shall take this Opportunity
of presenting him with a few
Specimens of their Reientment, as they
are contain’d in the following Letfers,
The first comes from no less than Five

Ladies, and the Hand-writing, as well

as the Compliments, plainly testify their
good Brecding.

N56. The CENSOR. 179

OU a Confer, you.a Bloccead !.
‘© Pray now what have you to
do with Count Guil/y-berg’s Letters ?
You had better let em alone, for we

you had not been a Fool-you might
have commanded |

ISABELLA,
CORINN Z,
PHILEESs

MARIA,

ANNA.

Heaven knows what Favours I have
+ efcap’d by difobliging these Ladies; but
[ will, recommend them to my next
Correspondent, who is one I am sure in

of his Stile may be a Pre CT

Mr. Cunson,
66 if Have read some of yout Papers

vinity, whiok not only pieafed me,
nion you ou

“© will never read one more of your Cenfers,
tho’ we always dud before. If

their good Graces, and by the Gravity

upon Subjects of Morality and Die

bur several others, whose good Opi-’
ght to value. We were
in hopes, ‘from so fair a Beginning, °

180. The Censor.

that instead-of engaging in Politics,
*¢ you would have turned your Thoughts ©

to combat with Irreligion and Pro-

*¢ phanenefs,and in particular have drawn
*¢ your Pen upon the Adversaries of our
Church; You are sensible what Cre-
“¢ dit other Writers of great: Name

 & have loft by the Method which you

have fallen into; my Advice is that

you would stop your Hand, and re-

“¢ deem the good Opinion of many, .as
“© well as of | | |
Your Friend, .

ECCLESIASTICUS,

I must be very plain with my Friend
Ecclefiafticus; by telling him, that what.
J have advanced is much more to the
real Service of the Church, than any
Arguments I could draw in its Defence
again{t my Fellow-Proteflants. We are
not-to quarrel about Matters of lesser
Importance, and waste our Time and
Strength in Domeitic Disputes, when
our common Enemy has given us warning
that he ts.at the Door, against whom

our united Powers are required by all

the. Laws both of Religion, and Society.

What I have said is only a ae

Noss. TheCensor. 181
Repetition of Mater of Faét, as it appears

from plain Evidence, that our -

common Enemy was resolved to make

Ule of any Means to compleat our De- —
ftruction; to blind us with the Name

of Church, in order to over-turn it; to
make use of the Arms of a desperate
Protefiant, to fix Popery in these Kingdoms.
I there laid down the Scheme

by which our Enemies propefed to

Work, and I wonder what Euglijhbman
this could offend. But I must now go
farther

We have often heard of Countries

conquer’d after a noble Opposition of its.

Inhabircants; we have heard too, of the
fordid Treachery of Men selling their
Birth-rights, and bartering of Freedom

for Money: but we have now an ex-_

traordinary Instance of a more scandalous
Bafenefs of Spirit: Our Nation, to
its Disgrace, harbours a Generation that
are so fond of their Ruin, that they

would purchase it at any Rate, paydown

ready Mony for Fetters, and care not who

puts on, so they have the Happiness

of wearing them. To what strange
Lengths will an Obftinacy in civil Principles

carry an infatuated People, so as

even to make them aét the Reverse to

182 The CENSOR, N

the plainet DiGates of Nature; and
whereas a Mantmiffion from Bondage
was ever thought a glorious Purchase at
any rate, they would bid as high to have
the Yoke imposed upon them.

And now truly to set this in a plain
Light, -and give a just View of such.a-
bominable Praétices, must be interpreted
to be the Effeét of Party, and not
of Perfwafion. They would. have us
lulled asleep in the midst of the Tem-_
pest, while they stood to enjoy a preca-
rious Share in the Shipwrack. Bur if
to love our Country, to defend its Liberties,
and expose its Enemies, to have
a due Veneration for a Proteflayt Church,
and a Proteflant Race of Princes, be to
be of a Party, in such a Party every
Englifoman ought to live and die. |

N57. The Censor.

N° 7, Saturday, March >.

Qui cum Lngeniis conflittatur

Thoughrvit but reasonable to suspend

the Pleasure of entertaining my Reader,
whilst the Defence of my Country
and Constitution kept me in View of a

Subje&t, which as an honest Man could
not help treating of, so he ought to lamentthatever
any Briton should have given

Occasion for it. As it often happens
with a Man of much Business, that
in the Multiplicity of his Affairs, some
One thing happens ypon which the
Whole turns, which he attentively regards,

and pursues without Relation to

Particulars, that at the fame time depend

upon it: So has it been with Me, -

who, in the Hurry of opening Boxes,
fettlin® the Philosophical, Moral, and
Polite Part of the World, have met
with an Accident that turn’d my Style
from the design'd Drift of my Paper,
and made me find more Fools in owe

ticks

124 The Casnsor.
ticks than I ever expected to shew the
Town, in the Common. Intercourtes of
Conversation and Humour.

one Man pleases to be particularly
ridiculous, his Folly lays without the
Compass of my Observation: The Town
knows him as soon as 1 do; and ina short
Time he grows a ‘Show to no body but
the Inhabitants of a Country Village.

These Points of Singularity are so much

outof the Sphere of agood Writer,. that
they ought not to be taken Notice of;

their Follies only existing, lke their

whimsical Designs upon rheir Chariots,

where a Cupid is blotted out to make .
Room fora Diana, a Neptune tor a Jupiter,

juftas the present Turn of Humour
or Passion reigns. But when a
whoie Herd of Coxcombs appear as ridiculous

in affereing, as foolish in drawing

Consequences trom their ill-founded
Maxims, then I must needs own that I
look upon them as a Ses without Pdi-

—bofophby; who may be as dangerous to

the Common-wealth of Learning, as if
they urderftood some thing, ‘and had

met entertain'’d the Precepts of a great
Matter.

In this View it was that I engag’d
with a certain Sett of People, whom I

The Censo Re 185

am at a Loss to give a Name to, since.

they themselves will not own any One,
and seem to delight in a Number of
Alias’s. willfay no more of them than
that they believe as they wish, and that

both their Belief, and their Wifbes alter

them with every Packet-boat.
These Gentiemen I have madea short

Truce with, in Imitation of an old dead |
Monarch, which L intend to break whencver

I please; but I assure them I fhail
not act like Him, but shall chufe rather
to meet them when they are best prepar’d,
than when they are weak, and unfurnith’d
with Offensive, or Defensive
Arms. ’Tis their Part toanfwer for the

Interruption of my Lucubrations, which,

notwithstanding their stmpolitick Lmpertinence,
I shall resume according to the
Taste of my general Readers. |

Peace then be to their publick Impudence,
and their private Scandal! my
Pleasure is to give the World a far different
Entertainment; to endeavour to
please them without writing Nonsense,
and {peak of my Contemporaries without

being guilty of Treason.

The best of my Adviceto these angry
Men, is, to put thentfelves in a new Road

of Thinking, to diveft themselves of Prejudices,

and look upon the Scene of Af-
fairs

106 TheCensor N°*57.
fairs in the fame Manner that a Wife
Man would on those of any Govern-
~ ment, which he would rather with to
understand than fubvert. I have a very
ercat Temptation, here tointroduce the
beautiful Thought of a Traveller,—

but I will leave it to the Reflections of
the Wife, and be so kind to the doubrful

in Politicks, as not to explain it.
» If this Method won't do, I would recommend

to them the Practice of a Cor- >
re/pondent of mine, who, beginning the

World with a good Share of Natural
Reason, and no. defpifable Acquisitions
from Reading, had thought in the way

of alate Administration. This for

l really think him such, had follow’d
the Precepts of his Matters, and, with,
Arts and Sciences, had’ imbib’d the unintelligible
new-old Doctrine of Pa/fve

Obedience. At the Height of its Fer-—
mentation, (for Religion and Peliticks

have their Fits;) I propos’d my fcber

Considerations, which did not at all re- -

late to the Subjeét in Dispute, but to
something very foreign. While he was
talking of Monarchy, | talk’d of Poetry;

while he fpokeagainft Harry the Eighth,

I commended Waller and Denham: Ard
whenever he mention’d the Words He-
veditary Right, my Reply was, that Wt,

fery Chaucer. was sin'd. Two Shillings tor

N°’ 57. The Censor. 197

beating a° Fryer in the Temple. ‘This
whimsical way of arguing produc’d an
Effe&t, which Iam proud of mentioning ;
for says the Gentleman to himfelt, it 1s
to no Purpole to view how Thipgs stand
with Refpeét to the different Societies
of Mankind; the true Knowledge mutt
be gather’d by going backward, and by
considering. how Objects were either
represented to our Eyes at their first Creation,
or as now they appearto us. He
promis’d me that he would begin his
Searches into Humane Nature, describing
exactly every thing as it appear’d tll
he came to Political Societies. He had
avery good Vein in Poetry, and about

the last Spring he took an Occasion to

prove it, by sending me rhe following —
Description, which, I think, has all the

Jurn, Elegancy, and Tenderne/s which we

Criticks say is requir’d in a mix'd Pastoral.
It is call’d.
The SPRING.

Hen now December's wintry Storms
were

And all the chilly Northwinds ceas'd toroar

When gentle Breezes from the Ocean rose, _
The Spring's returning Beauties to disclose;

$8 The Censor. $7.
To see gay Nature in her flowry Pride

Fond amon fat, and Phillis at his Side. *

The Setting Sun began to gild the Skies,
WV hen the fair Land/cape lay before their Eyes ;
Here Forests cloath’d with Leaves
seen,

And the gay Meadows in a brighter Green.

The infant Buds here met theravifh'd Sight,

That burst their Rinds, and peep to feethe
Light ; |

lovely C here the Flow’rs di/play

4n infant Blufb, and open to the Day.

Mean-while a purer, Ray adorns the Skies,

fills, Streams, and Woods in friniog
Profpetts rife.

And Nature's youthful Face in gay Dis-\

order lies.

When now the Shepherd ond the Nympi:
were warm’d
With the gay Propet that Jo long bad

charm d,

The Shepherd that had often sir ove, in vain,

With fiudied Skill the Virgin's Heart to gain,
Flaif buoy 'd with Hope, baif sinking in De-

tn the/e bold ' Terms addi e/s'd the melting Fair.

Bright Nymph, thou see the Glories of

the Year,
An Emblem of thy lovely Self, ar

N°’ $7. The Censor. 189

You wear the Virgin Blufbes of the Rose,
Which in your Cheek with deeper Crim/on
glows :

Det whilst the Spring thus revels in your Face,

Why fiill show'd Wiuter in your Heart take
P late, |

How can that undiffolving Ice appear,
And yet the Sunjfhine of your Eyes so near ?
Know, Nymph, the Colours of that Face will

As ev'n the vernal Sun will cast a Shade.
Then let not modest Coyne/s.lose the Time,
But crop the lovely. Bio(jom in its Prime,
Hor other Roses with the Year are born,

The Budding Flow'rs revolying Sea/ons br ing 5.

But, Nymph, the Roses which. thy Creeks
adorn,

Once faded, never know a second Spring.

N 58. Tuefiay, March

Figuras, Fortund/q, bominum in alias Imagines

conyeras, in fe rursiim mutuo
vefetlas, ut mireris, bic exordior.

Apuleius.

ERE ts no: greater ‘Instance of

the Age’s Bent to Hypocrisy, or of
our Inclinations of appearing what we —

199 “The Censor. © N’

are not, than that strong Affection with

which People of all Degrees are carried
to a Ma/guerade. One would reasonably
think we met with Pageamry and Di/-
gui/e enough in common Life, not to

seek them out in these {tudiedR eprefentations.

And yer, I mutt own, tHere
are such Conveniences in the Design of
this Diverfior, that fam not lurpriz’d
at the Numbers that come into ‘it. In
such a Convention, a grave and cautious

State/man may play the Scaramouch without

the Apprehension of being dilco- -
ver'd; and an amorous, and profligate,

make his /ober. Address in the

Robes and Santtity of a Fanatick Teacher.

[t would, perhaps, have puzzled Ovid,

who has defcrib’d so many Changes in

and Fortune, to recount the

tamorphojes made by this one Scene of |

Mummery. How many fanciful Beaus of

fix Foot high have condefcended, on this

Occasion, to return to a Bid and Apron,

a Rattle and Leading-firings ? How many

Noblemen have {et aside their Dignity,

and open’d an Amour in the Habit of a

Coal-beaver ? How many mode/? Beauties
have been transform’d to Venetian Courtezans,
and Ladies of Pleasure conceal’d

their

The CEN SOR: 191

their Profeflion by appearing’ Nymphs of
Diana?
It is unaccountable tq think haw ma:
ny Appointments have been broke, and
Visits denied, trom a neceflary Preparation
for the late Masquerade: ‘The Heads
of young Coguets have been entirely’ taken
up with the Invention of Drefles:
And the Filles de Chambre to the Playboujes,
no doubt, have been consulted,
and the Wardrobes ranfack’d to furnifti
out the Equipage. Cd/oris has actually.
quarre]l’d with Emilia, once her Favourite,
only for fallinginto the fame Fancy!
of Ornaments: and Afyrtillo had like to
have challenged Se’/nus, only for discovering
the Intention of his Garb.
Were it possible one could know the
Motives which carried every individual
Person to ‘this Recreation, they might
be found as various as the Habits seen
there. We thould discover many who
went with Views of Pleature, as
Many to fatisty the Curiosity of their
Minds, and nota Few purely for Fafhionfake,
and an Opportunity of talking of
it. Cimber is a ary on the Levities of
the Company; C/odius goes thither only
to gratity his Vice,’ and whilper Obfcenitics
to the Fair in a Difguile; Flavia,

192. The Censor... N
who hopes to discover her Gallant by
his Mien or Tone of Voice, comes refolv’d

to watch what Addresses he makes, -

and reproach him with his Falthood ;

whilst Ga//zs, who knows his Wite

be pretty fanguinely inclin’d, follows her
ata Distance to observe theMarce of

Attractions, and her Reception of

tlities.
T fancy had these Midnight Revels been
practis'd in the Times either of Lucian
Petronius, they would have expos’d
them with the utmott Pleafantry ; and
should some Author of Spirit arise in a
distant Age, (whenthe Memory of them
shall only be kept up by Tradition) and
think fit to take Notice of such a Custom,
he an Account as odd,
aS entertaining,
If I may be allow’d without Vanity to
prosecute this Hint, let my Readers fuppole
themselves in that distant Ara, and
imagine their Historians would touch
this Point in the following Manner.

“© About this ‘Time a certain Diver-
¢* sion got footing in England, which
“© was call'd a Ma/guerade; it was some-
times introduc’d,and carry’d on at the
Expemce ‘of a Foreign Embaffador :
Sometimes undertaken by a private
Person

his Contemporaries.

N°58.. The Censor.

Person of Interest, who us'd to fol- .

licite the Nobility, and gay Part of
the Gentry, to lupport the Charge of
it by Sw/cription. When another Entertainment
languith’d in that Country,

which they call’d /talian Opera's, (a
fort of Drama, wherein Love was

made in Tune, and repeated to the
Sound of Harpfichords and Fiddles ;)
the Theatre, in which those Opera’s
were perform’d, was occasionally turn’d

into one large Room for the purpose.of |

the Ma/querade. Some have conceiv’d
this Sport of aKind with that 4pbrodifian
Fettival in Greece, which was so
solemnly celebrated in Honour of Venus:
But I do not care to decide too
rafhly on those polite Times. What,
perhaps, might give Room to a Suom

of regaling the Company with
Jellies, candid Eringoes, and other
{weet Provocatives, together with the
most generous Wines, which were

drank by every one at Pleasure. —
& It must have been very diverting to
have hada V.ew of these Ma/gueraders,

they seldom appearing with theirown

“© Faces, or inthe Habit of their Coun-

Vor II,

this Nature, was the Cue

394. The Censor.

Difguifes were look’d upon td be of

most Merit; and those thebeft equip=

pecs who could conceal their Sex and

ears. and ‘Qualities were

promifcuoufly mix’d, without any
Cognizance or Diftinétion from Dress

and Finery. Persons of the highest |

Birth and Stations used frequently to
be cloath’d in Liveries, with Shou/derknots:
And those of middle Rank, as
their Vanity generally made them a-
{pire, would resemble Jndian Kings,
and Roman Confuls. It was not without
Precedent for a Blue Garter to be
loft in a Chimney-Sweeper, nor fora

Lady of the Bed-Chamier to fink into |
a Kitchen-Wench. ’Tisunreafonable to |

expect I should now be very ae |

in fumming up the Fancies of the Ha

bits then in Vogue, every one’s Ima- —

ination serving for his own Dress ;
but ’tis dertain there were several who
aflum’d the Characters of Harlequins,

Lawyers, Quakers, Flora’s, Haymakers,

&c.

© Tradition is likewise pretty dark in

the Account ef their Condué, and the
Liberties of their Conversation: Some
Records, of what Credit I have not examin’d,

speak with much Freedom on
this

The Censor. 195
this Head: and mention an Accommodation

of private Rooms, and Couches

plac’d behind the Arras. I have‘somewhere

met with a Summary of those
Intrigues, confummated at these Ma/-

guerades, which by some Careleffnefs
of the Parties concern’d were blown.

to the World.’ As it only mentions
a Venus retiring with a Bi/bop, anda
Wood Nymph caught ir the Embraces
of a Sow-gelder 5 and iuch mysterious
Descriptions as leave us at a Loss for
Names and Per/ons, "tis to be hop’d

the Reputations of those imprudent
Lovers were safe and unblemith’d.
Whether these Amours were real, or

concerted by the Malice and Cenforioufnefs
of that Age, is not material
to my Account; and however faulty
they might-have' been, I have always

held it an honest Maxim,—— de Mortuis

nil bonum.

“© | have but one Remark to make,
which is, that this ludicrous Amusement
took place at a Jun¢cture when
that Nation was harrafs’d by Two
opposite Factions; and when a Writer,
whoaffum’d the Title ofa C E N-

& SOR, animadverted,as we must =

pose,

© pose, on all such publick Occurrences.
| |
Thus, I say, itis not impoflible thar
Pofterity may talk of this Diversion, at
a Distance when they have only imperfe&
Notions of its Meaning and Humour:
Tho’ 1 do not depend my own

Name willfurvive to stand recorded with .

{uch an Entertainment.

Thur fday, March 7+

resin fe weque Confilium, zegae Modum
Habet cam Confilid regere non

F’ all the Passions which take place

in Humane Nature, we may allow
that Love makes the strongest Impref-.

fions: And its Influences which are so
sudden, are often lasting too, which
seldom happens with the other Pertur-
bations of the Mind. We can much
better account forthe Rife of our Anger
or Fealoufie, our Hatred or Admiration,

than for that of this uneafie, geen. ;

~Gucft, that steals in at our Eyes, an
takes

196 TheCensor

takes Poffeflion of our Hearts. There
are some certain Causes which must e-
qually provoke every Man to Rage, al-
Jowing only for the Difference of Con-
{titutions; -as there are Circumitances
which mutt as generally produce Sulpicions.
There are. Tempers and Objects
which are hable to common Antipathy,
and Deteftation; as there are Others

which the whole World agrees -to admire.

Burt, this one fantafick Paflion,
Love, differs, as toitsCautes and Effects,
in every single Person who harbours it
in his Bolom.

We have had some who have attempted

to give Reasons. for the Emotions
proceeding from Contrariety of Sexes,

and the.Power of Harmony and Symmetry

as they exert their different. Powers
on our Souls. Ir is not strange to Me,
that a fine Complexion, a Gracefulnefs
of Mein, and excellent Turn of Shape
should produce Desire; or the Artillery

of a brisk commandifig Eye oblige Us
to a Surrender; but it puzzles the Understanding,
to see Men doating some- |

times on Deformity; ‘and furpriz’d into

an Amour, where there seems an Impoflibility

of Attradion. |

so. The Censor. 107

This Difficulty may, perhaps, be easily
solved, from an Objeé | a Quality

from the Texture of the Eye that
views it; or a certain Sympathy in Hu-
mour, or Constitution: But shall we as |
«readily answer for the violent Effeé?s
of this allow’d Affection? ’Tis absurd to
Reason, that a single Glance from the
~ Woman we admire should put a Restraint
on our Conduct; that a Frown
thould have Power to alter the Course
of our Resolutions; and that we fhouid
submit to A@tions, below our Dignity
and Charaéter, forthe Bribery of a Smile.
~ We are convinc’d however, from the
Wedleck and Gallantry of our Friends,
that such are the Inftuences of this /m-
perious Pafion, and that our ObfequioF
Misrre;s, too often
ccontrouls our Reason and Methods of
Proceeding. We mect with too many
Jamentable Wretches in Conversation,
who, as we say, dare not call their Souls
their Own, because their Women are Mi-
{treffes in too literal a Sense. I have ©
seen a good-natur’d eafie Man, that_
ghought no Hurt, put out of the Road
of his Discourse by a Female Mono/yilabie,
unluckily pronoune’d with an Air
of Prohibition: and have owe

thers.

N° 59. The Censor. 199

thers retract their Story, and eat their.

~own Words, from a Signal of Difplea-

{ure fhewn at the beginning of it. |

These Effects indeed, tho’ the Consequences
of an ungovern'd Love, are
Arguments of an Imperfection in. the
Nature of the Man, and Ambition, or at
leait,Imprudence in thatof the Woman.

Thus when an humble contented Lover .

addieffes one of these Magifferial Heyoines,
and has confessed his Flame, and
Impoflib'lity of surviving without her
Pity; he is sure, if she condefcends to
let him be well with her, to be a real
Slave, and be fetter’d by every Caprice

thinks proper to assume. Neither a

Foundation of good Sense, nor a Knowledge
of his Folly and Mismanagement
nis Condueét, or extricate
him from the Power she nas once gain’d.
Mr Dryden has spoke excellently for
these fubmiflive. Lovers in his State of Innocence,
and the following Lines must
be acknowledged to contain their Sentiments,
|

In Love what use of Prudence can there be?

More perfe 1, and yet more pow’ rful She!
One Look of hers my Resolution breaks ;

Rea/on it self turns Folly when foe
K 4 And

Yhe Censor.
sind aw'd by her, whom it was made to vay,
Flatters Her Pow’r, and doesits Own betray.

I cannot fear incurring the Refentments

of my Fair Readers for handling
a Subjcét, which seems to firike at the

Retrenchment of their Privileges ; since,.

] am sure, the generous Part of them

will difdaina Triumph which mutt be .

owing to the Weakness of their Lovers.
Those who can retain a Heart by the
Force of their Charms, need no little
Artifices. of founding the Shallows of a
Man’s Soul toaffert their Conquest: And
will be above taking Advantages from

the Fondnelfs of his Passion to ule! im ill,

or give him a Moment of Dilquiet.

The Influence of Love, where we fall |

into barbarous and unwesthy Hands. has
made as milerable Men as the mott fe-

vere Diftreffcs incident to Nature. This.

is frequently seen in Affairs of Gallantry.
The Affections have been {so strongly engap’d,
that no Indignities from the Party
admir’d could wean the Man from an

Opinion of her Beauty, or believing, af-,

tcr repeated Affronts, that he was still
the Person in Favour. | |

It, is in this Point chiefly Tf would be

thoughtto condemnthe Prepofleffions of

Love,

N° 59. The Censor: 201
Love, when it leadsus, with open Eyes,

to our Deftruétion; and drives us ona.

Precipice, which we see before us, yet

know not how to avoid. The Frailty

of Man is never more apparent than in
abandoning himself so far to Paflion, as
not to let his Sense and Reason convince
him that he is betray’d by an ungrateful
Mistress. Yet-Thousands that have
paid dearly for the Favours of a mercenary
Beauty, have submitted to connive
at her Falfleood, have known themfel¥es
excluded, their Place ufurp’d by some
more successful Lover, ‘yet have been
mean enough to forgive the Injury, and
watch the first vacant Hour tor a Reconciliation.
|

I could with this Weaknef had not.
been follow’d too by some married Men, —

who have known themselves abus’d, yet

courted Infamy. An Example of this’
Indulgence, that is already on Record,

may be brought without Prejudice; and
this is, in the Conduét of the famous

Moliere.: He was married to a Woman

who gave her self those Freedoms, that
he could not hear of swwithout blushing

at his State. Her Provocatons and In--
famy grew to that height, that he was

obliged to consent to a Separation. He .
Ky could

202 The Censor.
could not resolve upon it, however, without
the greatest Violence committed a-

gainft his Love. He grew melancholdy,

and a Friend of his who knew the.

Caule of.it jeer'd him, and told him,
He wonder’d that a Man who knew so
well how to represent the weak Side of
others, should be guilty of a Weakness
he himself expos’d every Day: And
shew'd him that the most ridiculous of

all was to love a Woman, who had no
reciprocal Tenderness for him. Aoliere,

who heard his Friend’s Lecture quietly
enough, ask’d him, Whether he had
ever been in Love. des, replied the
other, J have been in Love asa Man of
—Sense ought to be, but I foould not have

been so much troubled for a Thing which

my Honour demanded at my Hands. O,
says Moliere again, J perceive that you have
never been a true Lover ;, but took the F1-
gure of Love for Love it jelf. to the

Knowledge of Mens Hearts, by the publick
Descriptions I daily make of them, 1 confe/s
that I have made it my chief Study te
know their weak Side but if 1 bavetlearnt

that the Danger may be foun'd, Experience

has taught me that ‘tis impossible to avoid
st. When I consider that cannot overcome

my own Affetlwon for her, 1 am apt to

fancy

fancy that, perbaps, she finds it no less dis=
ficult ta. conquer her Inclinations to be a Coguet,

and I am more di/pos'd to than
blame ber. But do not you wonder that my
Reason should serve only to make me sensible
of my Weakne/i, without being able to conquer
it?

Neco. Saturday, March

fEfchylus, modicis inffravit Pulpita tignis,
docu:t magnumque loqui, sitigue Cothurno.

Hor.

has happen’d that ever since I promis’d
to devote Saturday to Subjects

of the Stage; I have becn interrupted
from my Purpose by Something which
} desire my Readers may conclude an important
Reason. When intended to e-
ftablifh this Rule to my self, 1 began

with a Lucubration on the old Comedy;

and now I resume it, I shall turn my
Thoughts to the Zragedy of the Ancients,

To give a Definition ot this Poem
would be as superfluous as.to tell the
World that the Zragick Poets, foetteem’d

204 The Censor. Go.
by Antiquity, were Téree in Number;
The Criticks of every Age have more
particularly in tavour of
of these; but have Jabour’d to detraé&
from the Merit of the Third by imputing
to him that Unhappy Pomp of Language,
which we Moderns call
ft may be a Boldnefs in me (sufficient to
incurr a fresh Attack from poor Furius,)
to attempt dissenting so far from a general
Opinion, as to draw down this Third
negiccted* Poet to a Competition with
the Orhers; and thew, from his Works,
that he deserves to dtand a Candidate for
the Laare/..

The Reason that ZSCAHYLUS isnot
so o ten nam’d 2s the Divine SOPHO-
CLES, the Sententious EURIPIDES,
wsy that. your depts in Learning have
been startled with this Traditional Notion
of his Bombaft, and Harfhne/s of Diion.

Butasl have read him, without .

a blind Admiration, I view him as | do

my Countryman HAKESPEAR: 1

ean find some Things in him I could
with had been temper’d bya foster Hand;
but must own at the fame Time, that

where he is most and ob/olete he is

Maye

N'6c. The Censor. 205

I have the Judgment of Dion, to support
me in my Veneration for this Poet,
who has said, that /Vhatever appears in
FESCHYL U S of extravagant Grandeur,
of antique ‘Rudene{s, and of a kind of
Stubboinne/s in Thought and Expression, seems
more agreeable ta the Manners of those old
Heroes whom he brings on the Scene.
I contels, whatever may be the Sentiments
of more Porte Readers, | am much
more inclin’d to take up with this Plea,
than quarrel with the Elevation of his
Fancy or Exprefflion: And.am entircly
of a Party with that admir’d Greek Critick,
who tells us that the Sublime Sri/e,
Wil b a creat many Defeéis, is to be preferr’d
to the Middle Way however exaétly dit.

{ cannot be thought impartial in my

Admiration of this Father of Tragedy,

Without a Confession of those other
Faults that have been laid ro his Charge.
It has been objected that he Jabour'd
rather to afonife and terrify than entertain
his Audience. It is too late,
at Icaft for ‘me, to talk of the Tervors

of his Decoration; the Fright occasion'd

by ‘his Chorus of Furies is too well
attcited to be denied;} and I muit acknowledge

that ali his Chara&ers arenot

Images,

206 The Censo rn. 60.

Images of fine Nature. IT would however
contend, that even where his Sud-
Jel is Terror, he has mix’d such matter-
ly Strokes of. Zenderne/s, as have not
been exceeded, if egee'es by any of his
Succeflors in Traged

I may instance iff that Play, which
stands firf? in most of his Impreffigns,
the Subject whereof is as follows: Prometheus,
tor flealing Fire trom Heaven’
to animate a Body of his own Formation,
draws on himielf the Refentments
of Fupiter, and is by him adjudg’d, for
his Punishment, to be bound in Chains
to the Mountain Cawuca/us. Vulcan, by
his Profession, was to execute this dreadful
Charge, who, assisted by Force and
Strength, drags Prometheus to the Rock. ©
The Description of his Mafly Fetters,
the Nature of his Punishment, and the
Desolation and Inclemency of the Clime,
are all Objeéts of the urmoft Terror,
and from chef. the Poet has struck out
the strongest Pity. The Addre/s of Vulto
Prometheus, and his Concern for
executing the Sentence, seem to me
as pathetick as any thing I have found
either in SOPHOCLES or EURI-

PIDES. I have attempted a Translation

The Censor. 207

lation of this Part, which, tho’ it re-
Aicé& but a faint Image of his Beauty
or Passion,-yet, as have labour'd to be
just to his Sense, will give an Idea of |
this great Matter’s Painting.

Vulc. —— ou have hitherto
Obey’d the Royal Charge; nor refis it Ought,
But that my Soul forinks at this AG of Horror;
Tochain a Brother-God !.To leave bim bound
On that relentle/s, Tempest-beaten Cliff / —
Xet fatal Force, o’ermafi'ring tender Thoughts,
Bids me proceed, and rather fear th’ Event
Of difobeying Jove. —But,Ob/ Prometheus,
Deep-fearchingOf spring of unerring Themis,
With what unwilling Efforts strive

To nail Thee fruggling down, in laflingChains,

To this bleak, lonely Ridge; Where never Form

Of Maz chear thine Eye, nor Voice thine
Ear.

Ab! What Var jety of Wretchedne/s

Mufi Thou, forelorne, endure? he [corching

Shall with his pointed Rays beat on 4 thy Body,

change to fi warthy flue thy
Bloom ;

Tl friendly Night upraife her flarry Head,

with chill Dews refre/h thy tortur’d Bo-

But Toon fierce Fires foall,with returning Day,

(Aecurft Vicifitude!) renew thy Pains.
W bile

208 The Censor. N’6o.

While con Anguish keeps alive Despair

for no Relief, no Comfort is at Hand!
This have you gain’d for loving Man too well,
For This, ‘that uncomfortable Height
Muji be the rueful Scene of pill
foall sweet Slecp, the Htetch’s /urefi
Friend,

With Opprefi on weigh thine Eyes to Ref.
But, fixt in Chains, thou. mufi for ever and
dreadful instance of Almighty Vengeance
4nd, ob! what Groans in Anguish foalt Thou

Unheard, Unpitied> —

If this Sample of the Poet shall be al-.

low’d the Charaéter I have given it, I
may averr that the Soliloquy of Promet
theus, which he makes after Vulcan has
left him, has a double Portion of Fire,
as well as Passion.

Prom. Jou sacred Ether' ye winged
Winds!

You Springs that feed Yhe Rivers, and ye

Waves
That, /miling, in the Ocean rife
Thou common Mother, Earth! And O thou
Ail-seeing, I invoke you. All to See
Wi'bat from the Gods, fe if God, I

N°6c: The Censor. 209

Behold my Torments ; see the ghastly Wounds

Which I must bear, and Fraggle with for

Bebola, what cruel and Bonds

Your up-start King of Heaw'n has heap’d upon
Me.

Ob, what I suffer, what mus suffer omy

Both and overwhelm my Soul. — Ob,
coben !

When will, ye Pow’ rs, that blefi. Here. sfter

come

To set me free, and foift this Scene oe!

Why do Lrave, who exqui/fitely know,

The Truth of Things that mu/i be, and can feel

No unacquainted [Il ?—But ils of Fate

Come with refifile/s Force; and knowing this,

We ought to bear them well, not bend beneath

But ’tis not possible to (peak, noryet

Be silent on a Theme of Hees ‘dike Mine :

Wieho, while 1 flrove, in vain, to ble/s Mandon

my Self this eight of fated Mischief.

Expos'd to all th’ of Heav'n;

To the keen Blast of ind, to /corching Suns;

Fix dy pinion 74 downs

210 TheCensor. |

N° 61, Tuesday, March 12.

Occur/us hominum, cujus Prudentia mon/rat
Summos polle viros, Juven.

S I am obliged, in order to see _
ae how the World runs, and gather’ .
Observations on the Humours of Mankind,
to make one at the Assemblies of
the beau ‘Monde; 1 constantly appear -
once a Dayat the Coffee-hou/es in Vogue,
and where I expect to meet with most
Matter for Speculation. -Were ‘it not
for these Diurnal Circulations, and the.
Minutes which I take trom what occurrs
there, | might find my self sometimes
at a Loss for Subjects to supply my
Printer in Times tho’ there is eternal >
Room for Satire and Correction of those
Vices and Follies that, Hydra-like, sprout
up the faster, and more numcrous, for
being lopp’d.
When I come into a Coffee-hou/e,. I
labour to disguise my Charaéter from the —
~Company by putting on an Air of Inadvertence;
and glean up the fcatrer’d ©
Papers

Papers from every Table, as if I meant
wholly to be taken up with the Contenis
of Courants and Evening-Poffs. Being
seated, and like a profound Politician,
with my Coffee half cold, seeming
to nod o’er the respective Interests of
Europe, 1 have the Advantage of perufing

every single Figure that comes to |

the Houle without any Views of Business
or Information; of /ettling their

Heads With /ober Liquors, or diflurbing

them with the Turns and Revolution
of Empires.
As I hunt chiefly after Objects of

Entertainment, I avoid those Houses

where much Business is tranfaéted in a

Smoke and Hurry; and my Kars are affanired
either with Reports and Demurvers,
or Stock and Transferr. Tobe tree
from this Yargon, I take care to resort
to those Rooms, where the Society is
compos’d of the gay and fafbionable, and

where frequent Rannels of Glass seem to

multiply the embroider’d Cuflomer$: tho’
thefeGlaffes, to use a Punn of Shadwell’s,
make very /evere Refleftions, when they

return but the Images of Shadows.

To these Polite Coffee-houses the Members
flock merely to/ee, and be seen; and

they are Places of Rendezvous to the.
brocaded

The Censor. 211

213. The Censor. Gr.

brocaded Narciff, from which they adjourn
either to Pawilet’s, or the Theatre.
They are a fortof Drawing-rooms, where
every distinguish'd Guett seems to keep
his Levee. Reciprocal C oe are the
chief Things to be remark’d ‘ Grimaces
of Satisfaction forc’d trom the Conccit
of a Courtier’s. Wit, and Addreffts of
Compliment instead of Applications of
Weight or Moment. The Fluttér of

these fine Figures makes all common.

Objeéts used with Difrefpeét, and ferv'd
with Leiftire; and as the Smell of //ercules’s
Club was reported, of old, to keep
the Dogs and Flies from the Chappel
where it was repofited: So the Scent of
their Perfumes, and the Glare of their
Habits, deter an ordinary Protefant
from entering to drink a Mug of Gil//,
and consider the Po//man.

There is another Rank of Coffee-Houses

a little subordinate to these which

J have mention’d, where.the Customers,

are not of so ab/ii atte a Sett, but that

a Man of Dre/s,-and a ruddy Fox-hbunter
agree at one Table: At these Resorts,
I have often fat with Pleasure to hear
the Nation settled, and the Wits arraign’d;
and amute my self with the
Variety of Cony erfation, whi ch is ban-

Noor. The Censon. 213
dy’d by every diftinét Knot of Talkers.
have heard a Country Squire over his
Pipe, at one Corner, {puttering about
the ge and Strength of his Ofober; and
recommending the Hou/e-wifery. of his
Daughter Penelope At another,aCompany
of Spanks praising the Beauty of a
Bar-keeper ; and divided on the imporpant
Queflion, whether She has net
One intimate Favourite. A Third Clan
would be canvafling the Sermons and
Condu@ of their Parfon; while the
Fouith has labour’d to explain the Nicety
6fa Game at Ombre.
disjointed Topicks of Conversation,
play’d off at one Time and inthe
self famé Place, put me in Mind ofa

Simile, in Horace’s Poeucks, of a Sick -

Man's Dreams. lt we were to shut our
Eyes, and: listen with the most équal Artention
We could to every thing said,
the Confusion of the different Subjects
and Sentiments would present much the
fame huddle of /dea’s, as proceed from

an ill Affection of the Brain, or irregular

Flu€tuation of the Humours.’
I am as fully enrertain’d sometimes

with descending to Coffee-houses of less.

Note, and which are situated in -private
Streets; where the Neighbouring
Mechanicks

ats The Censor. N’6r.
Mechanicks meet to learn a little News,
and, from their Politicks, to procure an
Opinion of their Wisdom: It is pleasant
to observe the Concern and Thought- |
fulnefs that dwell on each Face upon
the Arrival of an Expre/s, the coming
in of the Votes, or the Publication ot
the Se/sion's- Paper: There are generally
some little Interests of a Wager dependingy
that give these News-mongers so
much Sollicitude, or an Expectation of
finding some. agreeable Paflage to divert
their Wives with at their' Return: But
I mutt confess, at the fame Time, it is
provokingly ridiculous to hear a Haberdafber
detcant on a General's Mifcondué,
and talk of an pafiing a River
with the fame Facility as he himself
could go over Fleet-bridge: The Zeal of
Another, and his Opinion of his Sufficiency,
tho’ but a Piece-broker by Profession,
shall run over Schemes in Parliament
at Horne, and the Measures cone
certed in Foreign Councils. And a Third,
sometimes more cautious of explaining
himself, with Features fcrued up to a
grave kindof Sagacity, feats himself at
your Elbow, ahd asks, Jf there be any
shing particular im the Papers. —

Among

61. ‘The Censor.

Among the Provocations that are
daily found in these Three-balf-penny So-

cieties, none can be greater than your |

Declaimers in Politicks. | These are a
Set of Men that are precise in their Cos-
fce-house Hours, where they by Custom
arc intituled to a certain Seat, and are
the Oracles of the Company. Ihave
seen one of these, who, when he has
begun to open, has been surrounded by
a Convocation of Lifeners, who have admir’d,
without understanding him any
more than they would.a Leéture of Mr.
Whifton’s in Afironomy, or Hydroftaticks.
It is frequent with these Gentlemen
tokeep up their Harangue ina Stile and

Tra& of Thought as ablurd, asunintele .

ligible. Their Method of explaining
Things is different from that with Men

common Reason;- and the Subitance

of their Oration as foreign from the
Point as ts Pompous, and affected. I

heard one of theie Declaimers, upon

mention of the Caimacan of Conflanti- __
nople’s Letter,begin a Differtationonthe

Parity of the Great Turk’s Preparations

with those of the Perfan Xerxes; and,

somebody bolting out a Word by chance

of the Embarkment at Gottemberg, he.

feli into the Question of how many

216 The Censor.

Transports Julius Ce/ar made ule of in
his Invasion of Britain: And J] doubt
not, had I stay'd long enough, | should
have heard a /uccinét Account of what
Veflels 4gamemnon and his Confederates
employ’d in the Zrojan Expedition.

All that Ihave to say of these Political
Oracles, -isyt that if they are not to be
filenc’d for the Benefit of the Houses
they ule, their Declamations should at
leatt be, restrain'd to a certain Duratidn :
And, like the Orations of the. Grecian
Pleaders, be limited by the Hour-Gla/s.
Could this Reftri€tion once be {ertled,
I would allow them the Indulgence
which those Gentlemen had; that’if
any One made an.End of his Harangue
before his G/a/s was run out, he should

have the Liberty to resign the remaining

Part of his Sand to a fucgeeding O-
rator that should have Occasion for ir.

N° 62. The CENSOR. 217

N° 62. Thursday, March 14.

Dexdina wey) a. Diog. Laer.

HE Philosophers, who have an Art
of difputing every thing, of. ftartinfuperable

Objections to their own
Thoughts, have never, in my Opinion,
puzzled any Question so muchas that of
Brutes Thinking. Atter they have done
jumbling Matter and Motion. in the
Frame of their Bodies, and the Actions
of an immaterial Substance upon rheir’
Organs, they toss the fame Matter about
as it acts externally, and, piay so many

pretty Tricks with it, not.without the -

Addition of abundance o Words,
that one would be inclin’d to imagine
they could pertorm as great W onders,
as a skilful’ Gametter does upon the

Cards, by his private Marks and Ma. +

nagement.
ow l,who come afterall my Brethren
upon this Subject, have thought of this

partly in their Way, and partly in ancw
Vou. IL L |

ng new seeming Truths, and raising —

2130 The Censor N°’
one; and because Instances are the mott
proper Means of conveying any Opi-
mion in a lively manner to the Reader,
] shall chufe one or two upon the A fkirmative
Side of the Question, and fuppole
that Brutes think.

Of all the Pretenders to Thinking a-
a the Brute Creation, the Dog, the
Elepbant, and the Monkey put in the |
fairest Claims: I should chufe to consider
the-first and the last of these Creatures,
as being peculiar Favourites of the
Ladies: The Dog, it is to'be supposed,
as resembling in his Qualities the Fawn- —
ings of a Lover: The Monkey, asit comes
so near.to the Figure and Dignity of
Man. But the lait dnimal I detign for
a particular Dissertation. The Dog be
then the present ‘heme.

My first instance of this Crearure’s
Cogitation, is the known Story of the
Dog. whobcing at Liberty allthe Night,
and chain’d up in the Day, from a fagacious
Quality discover'd where the Meat
for the next Day's Provision was laid,
which he took the Opportunity of turning
to his own private Use by the following
Stratagem. [n_ his Hours of

Freedom he first dug an Hole in the
Earth, and then conyey’d in his Pro-

vender,

N°62, The Censor. 219

vender, laying himself upon the Spot, to
harden the Ground and prevent a Discovery;
this he always did within the Compass
of his Chain, ‘o that while the Family
were employ’d in the necessary Bue.
finefs of the House, he could take it unperceiv’d,,
Morfel by Morfel, and be as -
much an Epicure in his Wey, as the Lord
of the House inhisown,

Now in this Artifice of the Dog we
are to consider how many. /deas he mut
have towards the Performance, and what
Conclusions he jmuft make from the
Course of his Reasoning. He must have
those two Relative and very Complex Notions
of Faithfulne/s, and Theft; and the

next must be chat which employsa Train

of difcurfave Ideas, the Ways and Means

of Concealment, the “int of which mutt
first arise from the Notion of being psnifbed

upon a Discovery. I believe we

may afhirm that in the Beginning, Prorefs,

and Conclusion of this Stratagem,
all che Parts of Logick are fairly. included;
and not only that, but a positive Notion
of Vice and Vertue, and of Right

I do not intend to magnifie the Rationality
of this Animal, in Opposition ,
to the buman Species; or to with, with ~

2200s The Censor: N’62.

some jate. Wits, that I had rather been
of any Shape and Figure in the Crea-
tion, than that which I wear, a Man’s.
But this is certain, that many a Lawyer

has loft a Cause, ruin’d his Clienr, |

and many more Physicians have sent their
Patients into the Undertaker’s Hands,
for Want of a Sagacity equal to this of
the Dog’s. Thereis not a Seffon passes
at the Old- Baily, where not a few poor
Felons {wing in a Halter for not havin
been able to manage their Thefts with the
fame delicate Cunning and Dexterity as
honest Zow/er.

The next Difficulty will he, as we put

the Cafe, from whence this Disparity of
Reasoning should arise, and why in the |

Phrate of the Poet, one Aan should be
more unlike another, than Man is to the
Brutes. Mr. Lock, the last Philosopher
of Eminence our Nation boasts, has in
the Chapter where he makes the Ditference
between a Fool, and a Madman,

one the nearest to the Solution of this
odd Quettion. He tells us that a Fool,
or ddeot, from the Paucity of. dis Ideas,

and a Defeét in the way of Compounding

them, makes few Propo/itions, and of
consequence draws fewer Conclusions ;

for every Person who can form a Pro- ,

~position,

N° 6:. The Censor.
position, cannot deduce it into Confeuences,

tthe Matter then was to be stated between

the Fool, andthe Dog, the / vol, as
the weakest always do, would cértainly
co to the Wall. The one in the F:gure
of Man reatfons not at all, the other. in
his Four-footed Hide’ -conne&s
those Thoughts, and, without a Pann,
is better than aCynick Philosopher, it
pared with the Ideot. The wife Man
that ever was sends his Foo] to the Ant
for Initruétion; and what Numbers of
this populous Nation might [ send to
the Field, to the Stable, to the Dog-
Kennel, forxhe fame Purpose? These are
Academies which at present are little regarded
by our Gentlemen of Wit and
Spirit; but! will maintain that they are
more useful than our, Modern way -of
Travelling, tofee dumb Statues, fine Paint.
ings, and toveign Virtuee’s. For myown
part, I have determined to make it Matter
of Advice to the wild and ignorant
Part of the Town, to have Recourse to
the Beafls of the Field, for Improvements
of the Faculttesthey negle&. The
Idle, willfend ra the Monkey-Shop, to
learn at least to play with their Limbs;

the Baily thall go tothe

q, 3 and

222' The Censor.

and as for my Friend Furius, there isa
Critical Apartment actually now furnithing

for him at the Bear- Garden. | os

My Readers, perhaps,will take it ill; if

I do not consider the o!d Reason whith
has been given, for the Similitude between
Brutes and Men but I have but
just time to tellith:m it is an Old one, |
which I-thall recommend to them in a
Modern Drels a very facetious Poet.
The Configuration of the Organs being
the fame thro’the Creation, it is
alledged, thar it is only some peculiar Accident
that makes the differences of
Speaking and Rea/oning betweenus. This,
I say, I leave to them in the Words of
Mr. Prior, without any further Refleat
present.——

Hence, when Anatomitts di/cour/e,
How like Brutes Organs are to Ours; ,
They grant, if higher Pow'rs think fit, |
A Bear might soon be made a Wit:
and that, for any thingin Nature,
Pigs might fqueak Loye-Odes, Dogs bark
Satyre,

Ne 63. The CENSOR. 223

N° 63, Saturflay, March 16.

Primo medium,medio di/crepet imum

Hor.

HE Contradiétions and Extravagances,
that are focommon 1n our

EnglifbVragedies, might reasonably make

their Audience, and Readers {uppofe,
that the Authors wrote without Rule
or Design, without Regard either to
Reason ot Judgment, or any View. to
Probability or Decency.

To look on some of the Motley Performances
of these Mistaken Poets, to
see Chara@ers {o irregular and different
in themselves, to see a Multiplicity of

Aftions huddled up in one Piece, and
Scenes so detach'd and independant ontheir

Plot, (or what they would have the Publick
count such) one would imagine
that Tragedy, in their Definition, were
but a Rhap/ody of Dialogues; that the
Pafhons would be sufficiently resin'’d, if
they can contrive in one Place for a
3 L 4 Per-

224 Ihe Censor. N? 63
Perriwig-pated Fellow, as Shake/pear has
express'd it, to rant till he /plits the Ears
of the Groundlings; in another for their
fevcine, in Despite of Nature, to differmble
the Agonies of'a distracting Sorrow,
and with moving Elegance exerthe
Handkerchief, while the Speators
curse the Impropriety of the Author’s
Thought tor introducing a Passion
rais’d on‘{o trivial an Occasion.
Mitlakes in the Nature of the Emotions
ef the Soul, the Sources from
which Grict or Rage arise, and the
Springs on which they turn, are Faults
of Jenorance in the Poet, as a Failure of
working them up properly is of /nabilify.
But there are other and more unpardonable
Errors which are owing to
his Inadvertency, or a blind Indulgence
tc himself, which makes him overtook
Abfurdities that are corifpicuous to
the most common of his Judges. Thete
Blots happen, when an Author is not so
absolutely a Master of his Subjeét as to.
command the whole at a single View ;
or. when some parts of his Scenary are
fix'd ac random, and he does not examine
himself for what End such a certain
Incident is crowded into the Sto-

63.. The Censor. 226

The Inconfiitencies in Plays, which
shock the Judgment of the discern- .
ing Critick, might. generally be prevented,
if Aviftotic were a little better
consulted by our Authors.

There is a Precept, which this Philofo
sher gives us in. his Poeticks, that ifwe
the Writing of a Tragedy,
we ought firjt to draw the Plan of the
ctf, fi ttle it asexattly as possible, andto

verloo. the wiole, when settled, several'
Tins for ia thus viewing carefully.all its)
Parts, as if we were concern’d in the A-'
sion, we foall certainly find what is convenient
and aud see the least Defeéts, and
the leafi Contrarieties which may have e-
(cap'd us. for Want of observing
this Method, that we fall into grofsand -. .

considerable Faults: Wh en, as Mr. Dacier
has very truly remark’d, the Poet
ought to be the firkt Spedator, to judge
well of che Effeéts of his Campolition.

1 could with we did not boatt of toe. |
many juch rath Productions in the Tra- |
gick way, as Monjicur Hedelin has deicrib’d
in his of the- ‘Stage.
there happens, /ajs de, a fiery Lad
with Fancy and iome Inclinations to
“© Poetry; and he finds himtelf at leisure
to employ his Parts his own Way, he

226 The Censor. N’63.
fixes upon the Dramatic to start with,
and out comes a Picce of his.. To

make, which he generally follows this
Method, he age upon some Story

that pleases him, without considering
whether it be fit forthe Scene
or no, or ever refiecting. what is to
be avoided in it, or what Ornaments
may be added: He is refolv’d to hide
behind the Curtain any thing that
shall incommode him, and carries his
Actors over the Seas with the Drawing
of a Scene. MHaving thus fill’d
every, thing with ridiculous Imaginations,

and Things opposite to all Probabiliry,

he makes his first Scene;

but finding himself at a Stand he re- ©
pairs to the fheatres to see if he

ean steal any Invention from them.
Then he gets into the Company of
some celebrated Poet or Critick, and
from them he its supply'd with some
new Thought, a paflronate Incident,
or some Slight of the Art, which he
immediately employs quite contrary
afd our of all Time; then mutters u

Three or Four Hundred Veries and

resolves to call them an Act. Thus |

going on inthe fame Method hegets

to the Death or Marriage of some
Prince,

N°63. The Censor.
‘© Prince, and then ‘tis privately whif-
per'd among his Friends, that he has
made avery pretty Play. The Ladies
desire to see ir, the Author reads it
to them, and the Gent'emen of their
Acquaintance; he.1s applauded to his
Face, laugh’d at when his Back’s
turn'd, and in short he acquires thus
“© the honourable Title of a Poet.
I tear we can find among ourselves |
some Tragick Pieces wrote with as little ag
Judgment and Coherence as the French \
Critick has defcrib'd in the Attempt of |
such a juvenile Bard; but [ meant nor ‘4
in this Paper to animadvert on Errorsof | Fe:
Inexperience, but of Negligence.
The Greek Critick who has laid down
the Neceflity of an exadt Survey of our ‘=
Plan, has given us.anExample of aPoer
whose Tragedy was damn’d for Wantoft
this Care. He has quoted the Amphiaraus
of Carcinus, where the Poet makes
that Prince take Sanctuary in a ‘Temple,
which is the Scene thro’ the Play; and |
afterwards, ina Narration, says he has cf
quitted the Temple, tho’ no Body saw |
any thing of his Departure. When this
Piece was aéted, says the Philosopher,
it was damn’d; for the Audience ' |
would not suffer that he should endeayour

228 The Censor. N° 63.

vour to periwade them, that sdmpbiaraus

Was relly gone out, when none of
them had {een him.

[t may be objected, That the Imputation
of such Abturdities in a Pagan
Writer will have bur little Weight, unless
{ can prove they have been praétis’d
by ourcwn Poets; and therefore 1 shall
conclude this Paper with Two Instances,
drawn from Plays that have had the
Fortune to succeed, and be cry’d up for
their Paffom and Incidents: The Fir? is
from that Favourite Tragedy of Mr.
Lee’s, which he calls Theodofivs. Inthis

Play, Athenais the Daughter of a Grecian

Philosopher is by Pulcheria converted

to Christianity; and, if. we may be- |
lieve her own Words, so perfeét aConvert,
that her Thoughts are fequeftred |

from all Passions but those which relate
to her new Religion.

Athen. Jam m adopted YOUrS 5 you are my
Godde/',
That have new new moulded my

Conceptions,
by the Platform ofa dvint, |

New fram'd, new built me to your own Dee

fires

Thrown

The Censor, 22)

Thrown all the Lumber of my PalFons out,
And made my Heart a Mansion of Perfe-
This-Reformation is made in the Third
and yet in the Beginning the
Fifth, (being difappofnted in her Eo
contrary to the Syltem of her new Fuith,
she drinks .Poyfon.| Had Lee examin’d

his Plan with Care, he had certainly
either omitted her Bapti/m, or not made

her guilty of Se/f-Murrber so soon after
her Conversion.

The Second Instance of 4b/urdity,which
is more flagrant, is in Baxks’s Earl of
fix; the Earl receives a Ring from
his Queen, witha full Promise of his
Life granted whenever he reitores it:
Being Sentenc’d for Treason, he gives
this Ring to the Countess ef.Nottinghim
to convey to the Queen,.and obtain
his Pardon. He rests in.a full Assurance
of the Grant: for when he enters, and
is inkarm’d by Aawleigo that he brings

an Orde for his Execution, he breaks
out into Complaint:

Ts Death th Event of allmy flatter’d Hopes!

Sex! and Oueen mote perjur'd
em all! &Xc.

230 The Censor. N° 63.
Yet without quitting the Scene, when
his Wife comes to him. to take her -

Leave, he pulls out a Letter which he
had writ to the Queen, in which are ©

these Words
to repent of since my Sentence, which is,
that I [ent the Ring by N ottingham, fearing
it fbould once put my Queen in mind of
her broken Vow. Every body now
mult see how inconsistent this is with

his Hopes and of

Pardon

INDE X.

I have but one Thing

Bfent Man described. N. 49.

Andrews (Bithop) his Form of Prayer
to the Giver of all Goodness,N:¢1.

a) the Works thereof too much admired,

Atticus, his Indifference in time of Publick
Danger condemned, N. ¢¢.

Auiburs, unable to please all Tastes, N. 46.

BA: (Sir Richard) the Historian, remark.
ed upon, N. 49

Barbier Mrs ) the Singer, Commended,N. 34-
Brutes capable of Thinking, N. 62.
Bus-Men branded, N. 47.

CHa King and Queen, that. Custom

difcourfed of, N. 34.
Coffée-House Humours. exposed, N. 6t.

Creation, the Works thereof generaliy diffeyparded,

N. ¢1.

Critic, the ill natured and the nypectace! de-

{crived, N. 33.

Days,

INDE X,

B ae lucky and unlucky declared, N. 32.
and 37.
Dreams defcanted on, N. 3°.

of Essex, of a flaprant Abfurdirty
in that Tragedy, N. 63,

Ortune, good or bad accounted for, N. 37.
Farius (the Critic) Characterised, N. 33.

[Mpacence defined, N. $2.
Incurious, his Charaét. r, N, AS:

Elius, his fheepith Modesty described and

Leiter, from |Pbile-Parthenus,: c ncerhing a

Fountain that reltorcs Jott Maidenhead: N.42.

Litcrature recommenced to the Rich, N. ay
Longitudinarians ridiculed, N. 35.

Love, its uncontrollable Power over some.

IN DE X:

Atguerae remarked upon, N. 53,
Marrivt (the great Eater). his Story,

Modeity defined, N.

exceflive Fondness his Wife,

of Abby, flrong Incentives
to Virtue, .aud ought to be «cpt
clean, N. 43.

() the Story of him, fine F oundation
of Tragedy, N. 36. | ;

Old Comedy animadverted upon, N. 39.

PAiion, the Force of it on our Souls exemplified
in Zrebomsus and Martia’s Sorrow
for the Death of Lucius, N. $4.
Pastoral on the Spring, N.
Pepes (Mr. Homer praised, N.

Pedants described and rallied, N.$3.-
sickness, a Course of Philofuphy, N.43-
Smal!- “POX, trant fplanted by Art from one to
another, N. 43. |

Spartan,

Spartan Virtues celebrated, N. 38.
Swedish luvafion consider'd, N. $5, $6.

T Feodofi ius, a gross Absurdity in that: Tra-
Tor ies, their Chara@er, N. 44, $7.
Tragedy of the Ancients difcourfed of, Ni 60.

VY ‘ion concerning an Emafculating oun=

Vision concerning Dryden and Quarles in
Competition fer the Bays, N N,

Wy Ore pretend to be Man-Haters for
Want of knowing themselves fully

great Difference between the
mane and Inspired, N. pit

The End of the Second Volume.
